VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 142.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED BOERS REPORTED
KILLED AT MAFEKING.
CAPE TOWN, Oct, 19.«1t is rumored here that news
has reached De Aar Junction and been communicated to
the troops there to the effect that when the Boers were
repulsed atMafeking, the defenders, seeing the enemy in
retreat, followed up their advantage and pursued them
for some distance. Then a feint was made and they
VRYBURG SURRENDERED
TO KRUGER'S INVADERS
Police Retire and Boers Take Possession
of the Town— Fighting Progresses at
Several Places and the Usual
"Repulses" Are Reported.
LONDON, Oct. 20. — The
Cape Town correspondent
of the Daily Mail tele
hing at 10 o'clock Thursday
Yrybui 1 ndered Sunday.
To-night's dispatches from Kuru
man, ten miles east by south of
Vryburg, state that the police
have withdrawn from Yryburg.
town surrendered to the
Boei nhabitants fleeing in
tions, mostly toward Ku
ruman. When the police with
drew the Cape I'.oers notjtied the
fact to the enemy, thus inviting
them to tak< -ion. There
was a fearful panic.
The Daily Mail's Cape Town
pondent <ays thsd a ref:\
iched Grahamstown i
■ the Rand states that a train
arrived at Johannesburg on Mon
day from Klerksdorp with 300
wounded burghers. Every avail
able conveyance, the refugee says,
was called into requisition to take
the v I men to the hospital.
The Daily Mail suggests that
these ■■>] men were from
Mafeking.
The Pietermaritzburg corre
spondent of the Daily Mail in a
teh dated Thursday says:
The brunt of the fighting at Best
y*( sterday was sus
tained by th< teer patrols.
The fighting was brisk. The •
MAP OF UPPER NATAL.
This rovers the field of movement from Estconrt on the south to New
the north, ami from Tintwa and Van Reenans passes on the south-
I'rift on the northeast, with the positions of the opposing
forces and the lines of communication.
The San Francisco Call.
Boers numbered 2000. The vol
unteers at one moment were in
great peril, being nearly cut off,
but the officers handled their men
splendidly, and the Maxims ef
fectively stopped the Boers' i
rushes. The Boer shooting was
wretched. The volunteers lost
their kit, and altogether the fight
was a pretty trying one. The
men were in the saddle three days
and two nights with hardly a rest.
The Basuto natives were fighting
! with the Boers. It is reported
that sixteen Boers were killed.
Lieutenant Gallemy, who is re
ported missing, is the eldest son
of Sir M. H. Gallemy, Chief Jus
tice of Natal. He is supposed to
he in hiding and searciikig par-i
ties have been sent out to try to;
find him. The cavalry are still
bivouacking out and slight skirm
ishes are frequent. I learn offi- :
cially that Commandant General;
Joubert ha? moved his headquar-^
ters to Dannhauser.
It is reported from Delagoa
Bay that the Swa/.i King Bunu
illecting his forces, with the
object presumably of attacking
the Boers. It is stated that the
Portuguese forces at Delagoa will
be raised to war strength.
It is announced from Pretoria ]
that an eccentric person known ; 1
as Baron Deginsberg has been
court-martialed and shot as a spy.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
Party of British Lancers Reconnoitering Toward Van Reenans Pass
Plans of the local forts were found
in his possession.
GENERAL BATTLE HAS
NOT YET OCCURRED
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The pen. -ml action
■. Ipated yesterday to the westward of
Ladyßmlth has not yei occurred. Opera
n confined to outpost sklr-
Ing, with apparently small loss of
life. It Be< ms both armies are acting- with
■ caution. Ii is said the Boers have
red several British officers traveling
by train from Lady smith to Dundee.
'i'li- Daily Telegraph publishes the fol
lowing from Ladysmith late Thui
afternoon: "The Boers have captured
a train which left ;
Ladysmith at 12:30. There were in it. sev- !
r-ral officers and a few mon, besides civil
ians, all going to Glencoe or Dundee. For
tunately the h>:'-^ up train, which con
tained one of your correspondents, pot
through. The enemy baa cut the wires,
ng telegraphic communication with
Glencoe."
The Ladysmith correspondent of the
Times, under date of Wednesday evening,
says: "The situation on the east border
is developing a mere serious aspect. The
Vryheid and Utrecht commandos, after
lootiifg on the Zulu border, are reported
to be in the T'msinKa district, threatening
communication between here and Dundee. I
The situation at the front is reported to
be growing more acute."
SIGNIFICANCE OF
THE BOER MOVEMENTS
LONDON, Oct. If".— Xatal again claims
a share of the attention which, during
the last tew days, baa boon focused upon
the b< leaguered garrison at Mafeking.
The combined advance of the Boer forces
on the positions held by the British gen
eral commanding Natal, Sir Oi.rfjn Stew
art Whito, has already occasioned a
sharp affair of outposts, which possibly
has since developed Into .-i pitched battle.
Th.> Boars, according to the latest in
formation at hand, do not appear to have
BRITISH VERSION OF THE PRESENT
SITUATION IN SOUTH AFRICA
£ LONDON. Oct. 19.— The War Office this evening issued the following bulletin
° n,,Z° n n<!WS ° f lm P°. rtai ? C 0 nas bee " received from Natal to-day. The cavalry attached to our forces at Ladvsmith and
2 ? Dundee are engaged in observing the enemy's movements."
8 Steps have been taken . to secure Piotermaritzburg and Durban against raids on the western frontier,
n «X™ nT« reliable intelligence fromKimberley or eking, both places being cut off from railway and tele
?i S^wif. «?"£"• U iS belleved - however, that a skirmish took place on Sunday six miles south of Klmberley and
•o mat the Boars were beaten off with some loss by an armored train. There was some fighting at Maf eking on Saturday,
S ending with a repulse of the attacking force. Boers in considerable number are assembled at Aliwal North and Bethalie,
R on tne orange River. Railway communication with the Orange Free State and the Transvaal has now ceased, the re-
t * maining refugees having been warned to leave by way of Delagoa Bay.
•%0^^£0880tf8S808808888&8amf8&28K^g888S3^
commenced to fall back upon the town, allowing them
selves to be driven by the enemy. The Boers, eager to
retrieve their position, again advanced to the attack and
were drawn over the lyddite mines which had been laid
for the defense of the town. The invaders suffered ter
ribly. It is reported that 1500 of them were killed. The Mafe
king armored train also has been doing great execution.
been driven hack. Perhaps, however,
their movements are only part of a gen
eral plan to isolate both Ladysmith and
Glencoe from the south.
The simultaneous Boer movements
from Acton Homes >>n the west and from
Korkes Drift and Helpmakaar from the
may Indicate a proji cted attack
upon the railway below Colenso. The
movement from the east also suggests an
attack nn The railway at Waschbank, be
tween Ladysmlth and Glencoe.
Military experts are inclined to the
opinion that the troops at Glencoe are
| only to form a rear guard left to attack
the force under Commandant General
Joubcrt, while General 'Whito's full
strength is concentrated at Ladysmith
with a view of attacking the Orange Free
SI >'■ ;' rce while General Jouberl Is
still forty miles away.
Stories of British successes in the
Mafeking district are so persistent that,
In tho absence of contradiction from Boer
sources, they may be accepted as tnio In
the main, although the alleged killing of
300 Boers Is discredited.
General Cronje's troops are regarded as
the flower of the Transvaal forces and
decisive, fighting must occur on the west
ern border. If, as was intimated in last
night's dispatches, reliefs are approach
ing from Rhodesia, it will probably not
be long delayed.
Apart from their desire to gain an
Initial advantage by capturing Mafeking
and thereby attracting the. Dutch colon
ists, the object of the Boers in massing
in Bechuanaland Is doubtless due to the
fact that this splendid stock country Is
full of cattle, and as it is only sparsely
settled, would give the Transvaal a rout*
by which to Import arms and munitions
by way of AValfiseh Bay, Damaraland,
on the Western African coast.
VICTORIA ADDRESSES
GORDON HIGHLANDERS
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Queen drove
from Bajmoral Castle to the ball at the
barracks yesterday to bid farewell to the
Gordon Highlanders, who are going to
the Cape. Aftr-r reviewing the troops the
Queen addressed them as follows:
"I am pleased to see you looking so well
and fit for duty. You are going on foreign
service, and I wish you all a godspeed. I
hop< you will return safe and well."
The officers were then presented to her
Majesty, the men cheering and the Queen
bowing.
STORY OF KILLING OF
MANY BOERS REPEATED
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 19.— A dispatch from
Kimberley dated October 17 says: "All is
well hero. Colonel Hore engaged the
P.. his at Mafeking on October 14 with
great sun ess. Mafeking was still safe
on • >ctober 16."
A special dispatch to the Cape Argus
reiterates th.- statement that in the fight
ing in Mafeking Colonel Hore repulsed the
Boers, inflicting a loss of 300 men.
The Cape Times publishes the following
dispatch from Kimberley: Reliable in
formation from Mafeking says that an
armored train, while reconnoitering north
of the town last Saturday engaged 600
Boers, who suffered heavily. Colonel
Fitzclarence's column foiled the Boers, in
flicting severe loss. The British casualties
were two killed and fourteen wounded,
two severely."
Complaints of Boer outrages upon the
natives continue to arrive. These serve
further to inflame the Basutos and Zuius.
Yesterday 150 Basutos from Johannesburg
arrived at Burgherdorp, Cape Colony, and
alleged that the lfoors had robbed them
wholesale and Hogged them with black
snakes."
The party, which includes a son of
Lerothodi. was supplied with provisions,
and the Basutos then started homeward,
cheering the Cjucen and chanting war
songs.
BRIDGES BLOWN UP
BY ADVANCING BOERS
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 19.-The Boers have
blown up the bridges at Fourteen Streams
and the Modder River, the former north
and the latter south of Kimnerley.
GLENCOB CAMP, Oct 18. 7:35 p. m.
(delayed in transmission).— The British
troops have been under fire. A strong
Bo< r patrol was encountered eight miles
from the camp, and was repulsed, ihe
British suffc-ring no casualties.
TURBULENT SESSION OF
THE HOUSE OF COMMONS
Secretary Chamberlain Frequently Inter
rupted While Explaining That Great
Britain Must Be the Paramount
Power in South Africa.
LONDON, Oct. Floor and gal
leries were densely crowded to
day in the House of Commons in
anticipation of a speech by the
Secretary of State for the Colon
ies, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, on
"The Government's Policy in South
Africa." The First Lord of the Treas
ury and the Government leader, Arthur
J. Balfour, promised to answer to-mor
row a question whether the Government
had decided upon a specific course of ac
tion with reference to the recommenda
tion of the International Commission,
respecting the future administration of
Samoa.
The Secretary of State for India, Lord
George Hamilton, replying to a question
on the expenditure for the Indian troops
in South Africa, said the entire charge
would be defrayed out of the imperial ex
chequer.
Mr. Balfour, in reply to an interpella
tion as to whether the imperial Govern
ment was now reviewing the action of
the Cape Colony Premier, Mr. Schreiner,
and other members of the Cape Govern
ment, and as to whether the Governor of
Cape Colony, Sir Alfred Milner, would
be allowed to dismiss the Schreiner Min
istry, to dissolve the Cape Legislature
and tem^orarUv to apsv na« lt>H anthority,
said: ''This question is apparently found
ed upon newspaper reports, for which, so
far as the imperial Government is aware,
there is no foundation."
Mr. Balfour announced that the present
sitting of Parliament would be regarded
as a complete session, to be terminated
by prorogation and not adjourned, until
February.
Henry Seter-Karr, Conservative, in ac
cordance with notice given yesterday,
asked the First Lord of the Treasury
whether the attention of the Government
had been directed to certain speeches
and letters by and emanating from the
members for Kilkenny and East Clare,
Messrs. Patrick O'Brien and William Red
mond, Parnellites, advocating the cause
of the Boers, attempting to seduce Brit
ish soldiers and inciting them to actively
assist the enemies of the Queen, and
what action, if any, the Government pro
posed to take in the matter.
Mr. Redmond rose quickly and said that
before the First Lord of the Treasury re
plied he desired to ask him whether it
was not a fact that he (Mr. Redmond) in
suggesting a message of sympathy to
President Kruger, and only followed the
precedent followed by her Majesty's
grandson (the Emperor). (Laughter.)
Mr. Balfour replied as follows: "I was
not aware that the honorable member for
East Clare framed himself upon such an
august model. (Laughter.) I may point
out the difference between him and
the Emperor of Germany—that his im
perial Majesty is not a Britisher, nor a
CAPTAIN NESBITT AND
MEN WERE NOT KILLED
President Kruger Gives an Account of the
Destruction of the Train
at Kraai Pan,
LONDON, Oct. 19.— According to pri
vate Information received here from
Blnemfontein, the capital of the
Orange Free State, President TCru
ger telegraphed an account to Presi
dent Bteyn of the affair at Kraai
Pan, where the Boers derailed and bom
barded the British armored train carrying
Captain Nesbitt'a party. President Kru
ger said that Nesbitt and seven men were
seriously wounded, that/io one was killed
and that all the prisoners were doing well.
According to the same advices, a Dutch
farmer living in one of the border towns
has received a letter from a friend in the
Transvaal referring to the Mafeking af
fair as "bad business."
The transports which will convey the
army corps about to start for South Af
rica will go neither to Durban nor Cape
Town, both of which are already crowded
with refugees, but to Port Elizabeth, Port
Alfred and East London, from which
points railroads converged directly upon
the Free State border, where concentra
tion will be affected somewhere in the
neighborhood of Norvalspont. The ad
vance will then begin toward Pretoria.
Almost everything is in readiness for the
departure of the troops from Southamp
ton to-morrow, when rivo transports, each
carrying a thousand men with officers,
will start for South Africa. The first will
sail at 1:30 p. m., the others following at
intervals of half an hour.
A dis-patch from Pretoria asserts that
the Transvaal Government has cabled to
Joseph B. Robinson, the millionaire gold
mine owner and chairman of the Robinson
South African Banking Company, who is
now In London, to return to Johannesburg
on pain of confiscation of his property.
Mr. Robinson characterizes the alleged
threat as ridiculous. He says ho is a
British subject, that the Transvaal Gov
ernment has no right to demand his return
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
member of this House. I have reason to
doubt the accuracy of the statements con
tained in the Question. So far as my
memory serves, support of a similar char
has invariably been offered by the
same quarters to those engaged in* hos
tilities with her .Majesty's Government,
quite Irrespective of race, creed or the
theater of hostilities. I have no ground
for thinking that Buch support was ever
regarded as important by those to whom
it was proffered, and I advise the House
to t j) k - • the same view now." (Peals of
laughter.>
Mr. Chamberlain, who was loudly
rli. ■.•rod on rising, began with a severe
criticism of the action of the opposition
at th<' previous meeting of Parliament.
Their statements, he Bald, were calculated
to encoiir- > dent ECruger's resist
ance and to emban Government
"in most difficult and critical functions."
Referring to .Mr. Stanhope's demand
yesterday for the production of his (Mr.
Chamberlain's) letter to Mr. Hawksley,
he said he would gladly produce this if
Sir William Vernofl Hareourt and John
Morley, who were members of the South
African Committee, demanded it. Sir
John Stanhope's crl character
ized as neither honesi nor honorable.
The Speaker. sir John Gul'^y, t«r
wnsd, saying that the language of the
Colonial Secretary was beyond parlia
mentary bounds.
Mr. chamberlain retorted that it was
impossible adequately to describe Mr.
Stanhope's accusation that he (Chamber
lain) and Sir Alfred Milner had fomented
war. The Government welcomed all hon
est and honorable criticism of its policy,
said Mr. Chamberlain, "and 1 wish I
could apply these epithets to the speech
of the member for Bunnley."
Mr. Stanhope, leaping to his.feet, cried:
"1 rise to order. 1 thought fit yesterday
to arraign the conduct of the Secretary of
State for the Colonies. He speaks of my
criticism as dishonorable and dishonest.
c,ai such terms be applied to members
of this House?" (Opposition cheers.)
The Speaker said: "I think the language
of the Secretary of State for the Colonies
is going somewhat beyond—" (The rest
of his words wire drowned in wild Irish
.!,.■, rs and shoots of "Withdraw.")
.Mr. Chamberlain calmly waited until the
uproar bad subsided and said: "I bow
with all respect, Mr. Speaker, to your de
cision. 1 withdraw everything' 1 have
said."
Then amid freauent ironical cheers he
proceeded to denounce the "camapign
slander," based upon his refusal to ac
cepl .Mr. Stanhope's challenge to produce
ii. letter he wrote Hawksley, saying that
if Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman i
William Vernon Harcourt dexireil to see
the letter he would produce it with the
greatest pleasure, aa they were honor
able members and honorable men. i
T CAPTAIN NESBITT. ♦
and that his property has not been and
cannot be confiscated. |
Portugal, according to a dispatch from
Berlin, has given distinct assurances of
her neutrality. A continuance of com
merce with the Transvaal, by way of
Delagoa Bay. is therefore secured.
Advices from Cape Town, dated yester
day, say the Governor of the Colony, Sir
Alfred Milner, has Issued a proclamation
prohibiting the importation of all danger
ous exdoslves.2
RESTLESS BLACKS
OUTNUMBER WHITES
DISPATCHES from South Ai prevalence of a feeling of un
ick population. Thi latter entertain an intense- hatred for
they claim, have treated them cruelly in the past, anti
ng for the British, their conquerors, who are In
huge tracts territory. An outbreak on the part of the
serious affair. The enormous disproportion be
pulation is shown In the following comparative
. . rv . Black. White.
■ v l.fiOO.nno 400.000
1 .000.000 9,000
850.008 2504)00
5"0.000 50,000
: '.'. j»0.<»0 600
L te 200,000 SO.OOO
7(IOO ' )
Africa *•■' 500
250,000 2,000
T . ... 5.W0.000 788,100
of "Order!" and "Withdraw! )
Mr. Stanhope again leaped to his feet
and railed upon the Speaker to Intervene.
The Speaker rejoined that he dhi "' ,
think what the Colonial Secretary said
imputed dishonorable conduct to the
member for BurnleyJ
Dealing with the criticisms made upon
the S6uth African League; Chamberlain
eaid he could not claim acquaintance with
a single member of it. The league was
one of the poorest pecuniarily; but at the
fame time one of the most representative
political organizations ever established.
"With regard to the accusations respecting
his associations with Cecil Rhodes, he
paid that at the time of the Jameson raid
he had no communication either direct or
indirect with Mr. Rhodes on any subject
connected with the South African policy,
lie had seen that gentleman with refer
ence to the Cape to Cairo railway project
and with reference to Rhodesia, but the
conversations had never touched upon the
subjects now under discussion, and he
would remind the House that Mr. Rhodes.
although a millionaire; had pone to face
danger at Kimberley. (Cheers)
Passing to the preneral question of the
Government's South African .policy. Mr.
Chamberlain said that in the light of, re
cent events and of the utterances of Pres
ident Kruger he had come to the conclu
sion that war had always been table.
although it was only of late that he had
himself most reluctantly reached this
view. He had hoped for peace and striven
to maintain it. and up to a recent date he
had believed that peace was possible. He
had always been determined to secure
justice for the Britishers in South Africa
and to maintain the paramountcy of Great
Britain. Whenever there had bt%n a
doubt as to President Kruger's motives
the Government had always given him the
benefit of the doubt. Turning to the prin
ciples involved in the war, the Colonial
Secretary went on to say:
"If we maintain our existence as a great
power in South Africa we are bound to
Bhow that we are willing and able to pro
tect British subjects wherever they have
suffered injustice and oppression. Great
Britain must remain the paramount
power in South Africa. 1 do not mean
i paramount in the German and Portu
guese. possessions, but in the two repub
lics and the British colonies. Every one
on both sides of the House is mined
to maintain these great principles. The
peace Qf South Africa depends upon Great
Britain accepting responsibility in the
Transva.il. The Boer oligarchy has placed
British subjects in a position of inferior
ity, and what would have been the British
position if they had submitted to that in-
Mr. Chamberlain then proceeded to dis
cuss the question of radical animosity, de
nying that this feeling, which he said was
based in South Africa on contempt, would
be increased by hostilities. He declared
that radical animosity had not been cre
ated by anything the present Government
had done, but that it existed before her
Majesty's present advisers assumed -•c
--• Sir Henry U-Bannerman ;inter
posed with the remark: "What I wish to
point out is that the feeling of animosity
will be increased a hundred fold when the
Dutch and English are slaughtering each
other." (Opposition cheers^".?..
; Mr. Chamberlain retorted: "I say again
.that the radical animosity, -which nns
been the curse of South Africa, is base d
"on contempt. Hate Is !ad enough, but I
Would rather have a man's hate than his
contempt. There will never be an end of
radical animosity, nor will there ever be
peace in South Africa until both races
have learned to respect each other."
* Referring to the relations pf the Boers
with the natives. Mr. Chamberlain said:
'.'There is one subject not dealt with in
'the blue books. I mean the disgraceful
:J3oer treatment of the natives, unworthy
of a civilized power. In 1806 I actually
pent a message to Sir Hercules Robinson
for the Transvaal respecting the treat
ment of the natives. Then came the.
Jameson raid, and our South African of
licials decided that they could not with j
propriety present the message. The !
80.-rs, in their own words, trekked be
cause they wanted to wallop the niggers."
John Dillon cried. "That l»-«iot true."
This was followed by loud demands for
order, and the. Speaker called upon Mr.
Dillon to withdraw his remark. The lat
ter responded, "I have not impeached the
veracity of the Colonial Secretary."
'The Speaker said. "I hope such expres
sions will not occur again."
Proceeding to discuss the question of
supremacy, Mr. Chamberlain said: "The
whole object of the Boers has been to
oust the Queen from her position as suze
rain. Now they have thrown off the.
mask and declared themselves a sov
ereign, independent state. Her Majesty's
Government has had a suspicion, amount
ing to knowledge, thai the mission of
Dr. Ley da has been one continual series
of negotiations with foreign powers
against the British. (Loud cheers.) The
Transvaal and the Free State have an
ideal which is dangerous to Great Britain,
an by the continuous accretions of arms
the Transvaal had become by far the most
powerful military state in Africa. That
was a danger, and we have escaped one of
the greatest dangers we were ever sub
jected to in Africa. The whole point of
difference between the opposition and the
Bear in Mind
We are not one of those compa-
nies who are calling on the public
for money to buy their machinery
and WHO ARE JUST ABOUT TO
BEGIN.
He Are a! Work,
Liable to strike oil within ten days.
Get in while you can at the pres-
ent price". Board meets October 28.
"Illustrated Prospectus" and Re-
port of Fuel Committee of Manu-
facturers' and Producers' Associa-
tion on our Contra Costa, lauds on
'application.
American' Oil and
Refinery Company
ROOMS 322-323 FARROTT BUILDIXCI.
PAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Oakland Apents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
ernment is to the details of the nego
ns "
•i tying his conduct of affairs, Mr.
berlatn denied that the question of
l needlessly Irritated the
■ aal Government or seriously affect.
'•'' '' tions. As for the franchise
Outlauders, he declared that the
nt had never shifted Its
ground, and that every point advanced at
n conference by Sir Alfred
Milner had remained .in the paper until
tl)'- ultimatum.
Mr Chamberlain added: "I am much
a(raid of the charge of being too
moderate than of the charge of being too
Isive. The Government's reply to the
svaal acce«*<»d the five-year fran
proposal except in respect of the
pledge that Great Britain would not re-
Interfere In the Transvaal's internal af
fairs, but they hoped that if the five-year
ilse measure were carried Into ef
there would be no occasion fur In
-1 belleVe that Influential ad
- t mean foreign powers
must have intervened and induced the
Transvaal Government to withdraw their
As for the last proposal formulated
th< British G vernment. I may say
that the desire of the member from West
Monmouthshire 'Sir William Vernon Haf
! they be published will never
ratified. Th»t ultimatum is buried
and is not likely to be resurrected.
(Laughter.) I challenge any one I
■i of provocation, blood-gulltines
desire of war in the negotiations. The
Government Increased the garrisons for
■i pressure from the Xatal ad
ministration, to whom gratitude and i
thanks arc due. Never btefore have tho ad
ministration and colony of Natal bo com
■ fled themselves with the
mother country. They knew they would
be ill*' first to bear the brunt of attack;
yet they threw in their lot. heart and soul,
with the mother country.
"Her Majesty's present advisers claim,
earnestly as any previous Gov
ernment could have claimed, to be anxious
for the honor and interests of the coun- j
try. That Is why they have support"
■ itectlon for British sub-
That is why they uphold and con- '
firm the suzerainty of Kngland. Our
trymen have given a magnificent
' :> " : ""I only of loyalty but
of sympathy with the objects of the Gov
ernment on the part of the colonies I
have "men as anxious for peace as any '•
man. but the Government holds that there
which are even more !
important than peace, and one of these is
maintenance of equality between the
South Afi [ n their en
or to maintain peace the Government
nas ndless patience. It was
President Kruger who settled the issue
He appealed to the God of battles If i
may do so with reverence, I say we accept
that appeal, believing our quarrel ju.st "
Mr. Chamberlain, who had spoken two
hours and three-quarters, resumed his '
amid loud and prolonged cheers
sir Edward Clarke. Conservative mem
ber for Plymouth, said the more he read
th-- correspondence the more convinced
be had been of blunders in the negotia
tions and that the lamentable war was
unnecessary. For any Minister to assert
that "wo since 1884 have had suzerainty
over the Transvaal." Sir Edward declared
was certainly at variance with the facts
and a breach of national faith. Presi
dent Kruger had had much difficulty with
his Yolksraad, and on many cases had
shown himself moderate and an advocate
■f jk;ico. Thero was no reason why the
Condition* which President Kruger at
tached to the franchise proposals should
not have been accepted, seeing that suzer
ainty was dropped in ISB4.
"Did Mr. Chamberlain." Sir Edward
asked, "think his reply to the Transvaal
i ■ September S conciliatory?"
-Mr. Chamberlain paid. "Certainly "
Sir Edward Clarke retorted, "Then I
think this amendment probed to tho hilt "
(Radical cheers.)
-\ brief discussion followed between Mr
<'h imberlain and Sir Edward Clarke
ecting the interpretation that should
be jdaofHl upon Mr. Chamberlain's reply
the Colonial Secretary maintaining that
the tenor of the reply was conciliatory
saying. "We could not accept all of Presi
dent KrtQJer's conditions, though we ac
cepti <i nine-tenths."
Sir Edward rejoined that Chamberlain's
remarks made the matter more and more
Bad. It" this sort of thing had been going
on the war was a crime against civiliza
tion, it was very unfortunate that Par
liament was not sitting the tirst week in
■ inber. or the seven-year franchise
would have been accepted, and there
w..uid have been no war. Chamberlain's
conduct of the correspondence he charac
terized as must cluni:-y.
John Morley, Liberal member for the
Mi. in rose District, rising to speak, was
greeted with loud cheers by the opposi
tion, fie said: "A very material change
has come over the spirit of the discussion
since the brilliant, eloquent, forcible and
unanswerable speech of Sir Edward
I'larke, and it now seems as if we are
going to war, not for the franchise, but
uzorainty. T'ndcr the name of para
mouhtcy we are going to impose on the
Transvaal obligations which the Govern
ment would not. for the life of them,
dare impose upon, any self-governing col
ony."
chamberlain interposed: "If we could
imagine such a case of a self-governing
colony imposing upon a majority of its in
; habitants such conditions as the Boers
! imposed upon British subjects, we should
I intercere or cut the connection."
Mr. Morley contended that in New-
I found la nd was a remarkable ca.se of
alienation of territory in favor of an in
dividual, but though that corresponded
to the position of affairs In the Transvaal
Mr. Chamberlain refused to interfere.
Mr. chamberlain t»aJd the cases were in
no way comparable.
Mr. Morley, resuming, challenged Mr
Chamberlain to try to control the educa
tional systf-m in Canada as ho had tried
to do in the Transvaal. Ho further said
"l am prepared to Justify my vote in any
constituency which will give me a fair
hearing. Before a month Is past good
S< ase, love of Justice and hatred of un
necessary war will entirely justify me
Your farmer great trader said he brought
back peace with honor." Cries of "Ma
jiifm.") "This, then, is revenge—" a^ourf
Liberal cheers, Mr. Dillon shouting "re
venge and robbery.") "I regret that so
distinguished a man should have aban
i the traditions and examples of the
party ho formerly led. I do not desire to
unsay In 'his House a single word I said
In the country." d^tnl ohoers.)
Leonard Henry Courtney, sitting for
the division of Cornwall in tho Liberal
interests, indorsed Mr. Morley He nro
tested against the exaggeration n f the
Outlandettf grievances and contend^
thai taxation in the Transvaal was
lighter than in Natal.
Mr. Balfour, in winding up the dph»t»
eulogize! Mr. ChamßerfelnN? "aife
■1." A member crying "Butter him
up a bit! wns called to order by tho
Speaker. Dealing with the speeches of
the opposition. Mr. Balfour said the de
fense of the Boor Government was ludi
t runs. Its abuses, he declared, were nat
ent to thf world. He would not say there
was reason to drag In Majuba Hill That
was a very smnll action, less than half
a regiment being concerned, and in his
judgment might b<? absolutely ignored in
the prewm controversy and in any fur
ther consideration of the affairs of South
Africa.
The speeches against the Colonial Sec
retary, said Mr. Balfour, had turned upon
a vast number of small criticisms of par
ticular dispatches. He bHievcd tho load
ers of Dutch opinion in the Transvaal
THE SAN IT? AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. 1899.
were determined at all hazards to avoid
a solution Involving a .change in the ex-'
istiiis system of government.
"The reason I pive for the war," Mr.
Balfour continued. "Is not this or that
f-entiment in the dispatches. It is the
delinerate intention of the Transvaal to
I avoid at all cost giving the franchise, to
I wriggle until wriggling became Ineffec
tual and then to appeal to the arbitra
ment of war. The last thing the Boers
wanted was an agreement, provide*
agreement meant genuine representation
fnr the Outlanders."
In conclusion he reminded the members
that the division would be taken in Eu
rope and Africa not as a condemnation
: of the Government's diplomacy, but as an
I attack on the trood faith of the country
and an indication thai the Government
Intended deliberately to provoke war for
the purpose of territorial acquisition.
I A member rising to continue the debate,
' Mr. Ralfrmr moved closure, which was
carried by a vote of 356 to 158.
A division was then taken up on Mr.
Stanhope's amendment to the address dis
approving of the conduct of the negotia
tions with thf Transvaal, ami the amend
, mean was rejected by a vote of >;] to 135
' The announcement of the vote was greet
ed with loud opposition and Irish cheers,
! The address was then unanimously adopt-
I cd.
The minority Included Mr. Morley. Pir
William Vernon Hareourt. Mr. Courtney
Thomas Hurt. Sir James Thomas Wood
-1 house, Sir Robert Thresh Reid. James
Bryce, Henry I.abouehere and other Lib
erals.
Bir Henry Campbell-Banpermnn. Mr.
I Asouith arid one or two other members
of the front opposition bench abstained
i from voting, while of the Liberals, Sir
Toward Grey R C. Munroe ""erguson.
! Sir Henry Hartley Fowler, Sir Angus
ii ilden and Sir William Henry Mill*
, voted with the majority.
, Tn the House of Lords the Premier, th*
Marquis of Salisbury, presented cue
'Queen's message calling out the mll'ila.
j and moved an address of thanks to her
Majesty. The address was immediately
>ted and the House adjourned until
Thursday next.
BOERS SUFFERED A
REVERSE NEAR KIMBERLEY
ORANGE RIVER, Oct 18 (delayed In
I transmission).— The Boers suffered a re
; verse on Sunday at Spruitfontein, ten
[ miles south of Kimberley. An armored
1 train went out to brins in a train re
ported to hay.- been captured by the
| T'.o»rs near the Spruitfontein siding. A
I party of Boers who were camped near
by lowered the railway signal and d! -
played tho white flaw, apparently with
the idea of Inducing the train to pro-
The driver suspected that the
Boers were In possession and stopped th«>
train, whereupon the Boers issued In
large force and opened fire, but without
I any efl
The soldiers replied from the train and
about half a dozen Boers were killed.
The British were unscathed.
Seven hundred Boers surprised a party
of thirteen Cape Colony police, who were
guarding the railway at Riverton Road,
eighteen miles north of Kimberley, on
Sunday morning. The police retired. A
• explosion was heard later, and it
Is believed that the Boers blew up the
station. A relief party of twenty-five
police sent from Kimberley met the
Boers near Riverton. The enemy dis
played a white tlae to Induce the troops
to fall into their trap, but the police
w.rc ordered to retire. Then the Boers
opened a heavy lire, upon them, dis
charging about 4nii rounds. A bullet
struck the horse of Burgeon Major Sulli
van, who, with a trooper, whose horse
had stumbled and dismounted him, was
captured.
FREE STATE ARTILLERY
SHELLED CAVALRY PATROLS
DURBAN, Oct. lf» (delayed in trans
mission). The following note has Deen
Issued regarding the Boer advance:
"An Orangi Free State force, with a
few puns, moved about ten miles down
Tintwa Pass, opening with artillery on
small British cavalry patrols. The range
was very distant and the shooting indif
ferent. The object may have been either
a feint to draw our troops from the real
point of attack or a prelude to oJoer con
centration against Ladysmith."
There is an Tncessant procession "f ap
plicants for active military service, and
the new tore.' of 3000 mounted infantry
which the Imperial Government has
sanctioned will he quickly raised.
Th.' Premier. Mr. Bchreiner, continues
to issue circulars to the Dutch residents,
advising them to maintain strict loyalty
to the Imperial Government.
The best authorities now agree that the
danger of a general revolt is slight.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
Steps Taken for Formation of a Na
tional Organization and G. S.
Boutwell Chosen President.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— The committee on
permanent organization appointed by the
anti-imperialist congress met here to-day
and formed a national organization, to be
known as the American Anti-Imperialist
League. Existing organizations will be
come members at the outset, and the I
work of forming new local organizations
will be pushed all over the country. The
f •■11.. wing were elected as officers of the
league:
President. George S. Boutwell of Massa
chusetts; vice presidents, George T. Ed
munds of Vermont, J. Sterling Morton of
Nebraska, Carl Schurz of New York,
Richard T. Crone of Illinois. Donaldson
Caffery of Louisiana. Rufus B. Smith of
Ohio and John Valentine of California; i
treasurer, Frederick W. Goodman of Illi
nois; secretary, William J. Mize of Illi
nois.
An executive committee was appointed,
with Edwin Burritt Smith of Chicago as
chairman. The president, secretary and
treasurer of the league were made ex
officlo members.
Chicago was selected as the headquar
ters of the league, with an Eastern office
in Boston. Other offices will be estab
lished as required.
MRS. STORKE AGAIN
APPEARS IN COURT
Enters a Plea of Not Guilty and tho
•"Date for the Trial Is
. Set.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 19.-Yda Addis
Storke appeared In co^irt this afternoon,
the time set for the court to give Its de
cision on the demurrer to the Information
argued six weeks ago by Clara Foltz. The
court overruled the demurrer, and after
the defendant had entered her plea of not
guilty the attorneys ascertained that dur
ing: the confusion of objections and de
murrers which were made and the fact
that a new- Judge was sitting on the
bench the formal arraignment of Mrs.
Storke had been overlooked.
The court then withdrew Its. decision
and the case was left where It was at the
beginning. Mrs. Storke pleaded not
guilty to the charge of attempting to
murder Attorney Grant Jackson. The
time for the hearing was set for Novem
ber 8. She looked the picture of despair
to-day and complained of failing health.
REVOLUTION BREAKS
OUT IN COLOMBIA
Beports From the Capital to the
Effect That Martini Law Has
Been Established.
Special Cable to Thp Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899. by James Gor
d..n Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia. Oct. 19.— Advices
from Bogota report that a Liberal recolu
tion has started in the Departments of
Santander and Toluna. Martial law has
been established all over the republic.
Storm in Oregon.
YAQT'INA. Or., Oct. 19.— Heavy gales,
accompanied by thunder and lightning,
have prevailed for the past twenty-four
hours. A tremendous sea to-day carried
away about 700 feet of the north Jetty
works.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugirlsta refund the mon-y If it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove" ■ ilgnature li on each box. 25c
MYSTERIOUS LETTER
SENT CORONER EDEN
Author Declares EbeQezer Wor
mouth's Stomach hjas Been
Removed for AQalysis.
SAX RAFAEL. Oct. 19. — Coroner Edward Eden received an anonymous i
communication to-day, I" which th" author declares he has positive informa
tion that the remains of the lato Rbenezer Wormouth, the Mill Valley capi
talist, -who recently committed suicide by hanping himself in his sleeping:
apartment, have been disinterred and the stomach removed in order that the
contents might be chemically analyzed on account of a belief that the de
ceased came to his death by poisoning. This communication will cause con
siderable interest in view of the pecjliar circumstances surrounding the rays
terious poisoning of Wormouth a short time previous to his decease. The Cor
oner will probably confer with L. EL Bonestell, the executor of Wormouth's
regarding the advisability of an investigation.
The letter, which was written on a half-sheet of letter paper, with the seal
of the manufacturing firm cut off, was inclosed in a plain envelope, mailed f .n
San Francia o and read as follows:
BAN FRANCISCO, October 1?.
Comner Eden, Snn Rafael— Pear f-!r: The writer has positive evidence that the
body of Ebenezer Wormouth l>an been disinterred and the stomach removed for
•h ■iiiiru] analysis on suspicion that ho was poisoned. The body was then reburled.
•>t the law. An investigation will prove the truth of those statements.
I am not in a position t.. give my name..
"The ■ ropi r person t" make an investigation of (his character," said Cor
oner Eden to-day, "is the District Attorney. Any man may file information
with him and rest srmre in th.' knowledge that his name will not figure hi j
subsequent proceedings. It would be an easy matter to remove a body from <
•:• , Saußalit metery, where Wormouth is buried, because of its isolated i
situation. What strps I shall take will probably depend on the desire of Mr. '
; tell."
MACABEBES WIN
A GALLANT FIGHT
Defeat Insurgents Near
Arayat.
Herald. Copyright, 1899, by Jamel (.ord.m
.- ;t.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦•♦♦♦
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. -A Sun ca
ble from Manila, dated October 20.
S:SO a. in., says: An engagement
has taken place at San Isidro be
tween the forces of General Young
and the insurgents under General
Pio del Pllar. The rebels were de
feated, as usual. Their loss is not
known. The American casualties
were only three men wounded.
\U\YAT via Manila. Oct. 19.— Bataon'S
bebes at 11 o'clock this morning met
two c mpanles of Insurgents strongly in
trenched four miles north of Arayat. The
Macabebes flanked them and drove them
out of the trenches, killing six and wound
■ iany . t »ne li< utenant and eight sol
fliera drove them three miles to Santa
Rita only one Macabebe being mortally
wounded. Their first engagement the
Macabebes carried off brilliantly.
General Lawton early this morning
hoped to move his headquarters to San
Isidro to-day, but it will take all day for
Lawton's entire command to cross the
river at Arayat.
The militaiy telegraph was cut twice
behind the army last night, but Lieuten
ant Cunningham, signal officer, with a
detail of ten countrymen gallantly re
paired it by moonlight.
I; la raining%)-day, and this may raise
the riv. r and^nake transportation by
water more easy. General l.awton's en
ergy is producing marked enthusiasm in
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— General Otis
to-daj reported to the War Department
the i blowing casualties:
td .Sixth Infantry, near Cebu. isl
an d of Cebu, September 2S. Company A,
Charles N. Cotay; Daniel E. Adams. Sev
enteenth Infantry; at Angeles, October 16,
Company L, William Parker; Thirty
sixth Infantry, at Porac, October 17, Com
pany H. Willard Winters.
Wounded— October 16, at Angeles, act
l!il//i \ 1 mßm CTS).
1 iwSßSißiS&t* c sNohave some goods
;^2^raIwSHHHHHi» t!>*vF\.F a suit.
I { ov^^\^ \ jP* ac *r, t A*% riP^ v% #k N CO,(^ I
I \^y Tia MARKET 5T 1
I ' Out-of-town orders filled — write us. |j
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets. Strictures and analogous com-
plaiatl of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by UrugKlstß.
Wricht's liian VeiEßtatals Pills
AUK ACKNOWIjKDOBD UV iHOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDKINEri.S,
CONSTIPATfON, Torpid Liver. Weak Stoop
ech. Pimples and pur , the blood.
in^r assistant surpeon. Company H. Eu
gene Stafford, brefLst, slight; Sixth Infan
try, npar Cebu, September is, A, William
Btovall, abdomen, s>\ere; C, Horace
Hutchinson. thiKh. severe; Fourth Infan
try, near San Nicholas, October 8. F,
James A. O'Reilly, hand, slight; Ninth
Infantry. ;>i Angeles, October 16, D,
George K. Webster, bead, moderate; H.
John Kelley, thigh, severe; I. Albert
Duratn!. back, severe; Charles S. Wilson,
head, sev< re; Seventeenth Infantry, A.
Corporal Henry Rosser, head, slight; B,
William Crosby, thiph. slißht; H, Joseph
I. Thackery, larynx, Bevere; Thomas I"..
Scully, thigh. Sixteenth Infantry at Qul
ginto. October iv 1-". Thomas Lynch, side,
seven : Leslie Shores, foot, severe; Fourth
Cavalry, n<::r Arayat. October 13. D. First
tit Gustav Will, arm, moderate;
Matthew Killion, lep. moderate; Thirty
sixth Infantry, at Porac, October 17, M,
Sam Williams, cheek, moderate.
COLORED SOLDIERS
ATTACK THE POLICE
Riot in the Streets of Laredo, Texas,
While Bullets Whistle All
Over the City.
LAREDO, Texas. Oct. 19.— Friction be
tween the Laredo police and the negro
BOldiers at Fort Melntosh resulted in a
street rlol last night. C. Nuncio, a Mex
ican, received a Knig-Jorgensen bullet be
tween the shoulders. Policeman William
Stone was badly beaten with clubbed
rifles and at leasi a hundred shots from
the army rifles and pistols were fired d>
the rioting negroes.
Policeman Stone about midnight arrest
ed a soldier for some offense and turned
him over to the military authorities. The
report of the arrest at the barracks in
furiated th<> soldiers, who battered down
the door of the ordnance room, secured
iluir arms and started on a rampage
through the western part of the city, fifty
strong.
Finding Policeman Stone, they covered
him with their rifle?, disarmed him and
then clubbed and stamped on him.
Then they rained a regular fusillade
down the several streets and bullets
whistled all over the. city.
Company I>. Twenty-fifth Tnfnntry,
colored, now stationed here, and to which
the rioters belonged, distinguished itself
at i:i Caney.
WILL SIGN THE ALASKAN
MODUS VIVENDI
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The British Foreign
, , t r.  assorts that the verbal changes in
the terras of the Alaskan modus Vivendi
are of no practical importance, and have
been readily agreed to. and that it is as
sumed the United States Secretary of
State. Colonel John Hay. and the British
charge d'affaires in Washington will
sign to-morrow.
The undoubted : luxury and comfort.
unequaJed cuisine, location and mod-
erate charges have mad* th«
PALACE Ana
GRAND
™V^T™**™ nt - Correipon^
JOHN C. KIRKPATfeICK.
■ ■ ' -, Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
© -f® ®-f ® V €H<sH- ®t®i®fsH- ®-t®->®^®^j>f®^Srf®-f®-f® <f®-f ®-t-®t®t'i>
♦ v I
i New Store! . New Goods' i
i 1146 Market Street. 1
0 ■ 0
7 ' I
X
§
® . • ' ; . ©
1 Will Be Placed On Sale |
® «■
© _«>«—» ••-:- 7 " / >-(^^fc^ ©
IXHIS DAY!j
m 100 CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value for $1.50; will be offered at the ©
X low price of J)oc X
+ 100 CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value for $2; will be offered at the ©
0 low price of - $1.-5 +
0- 50 LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, value for $1.50; will be offered at the
j + low price of OOc |>
>- 50 LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, braided and trimmed with fur, value v
0 for $2; will be offered at the low price of $1.23 0
0 50 LADIES' ASTRACHAN CAPES, good value for $3; will be of- £
Sfered at the low price of $1.75 i
© ff)
•♦- 50 LADIES' GOLF CAPES, value for $4.50; will be offered at the 5-
-0 low price of jji.'j ©
I® 200 FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, all sizes; value for $1; will be ®
+ offered at the low price of 50c "*-
-© 0
■£ The largest and best lighted cloak and suit house in San X
v Francisco. v
I Suits Made To Order. Skirts Made to Order. |
® Jackets Made to Order. Ulsters Made to Order. |
± Perfect Fit Guaranteed or No Sale. I
I ® ®
4- . +
0 ©
b.O'BRIEN&COj
I 1146 Market Street, I
X Between Taylor and Mason. X
(& ■ . i ■■•...■ •
®4-®-f S"f (D-f-040-f ©><?><?>®>f?^^ <^^®4<j)^?^s4o>o>®^
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Thuringia American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A D. 1898. and for the year ending on that
• day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California. pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, : .aid up In, .„ „
Cash r • .$200. 000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $225.452 33
Cash in Company's Office 345 31
Cash in Banks...-. , 59.500 36
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,040 60
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 23,517 91
Total Assets — $313.886 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31 93
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 2,323 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $23,219 26: reinsure
ance*so per cent 11,609 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $3,14* S2: reinsur-
ance pro rata 2,740 06
All other liabilities 7.40S 35
Total Liabilities ..........$ 24.114 97
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 3,708 27
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 2.325 00
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement 100,000 00
Total Income ....$106.123 27
EXPENDTTTmES. .
Paid or allowed for Commission or , - ■
Brokerage $905 84
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other • '
■ charges for officers, clerks, etc 4,072 72
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes 39 63
..All other payments and expenditures.. 12,777 22
Total Expenditures $17,795 27
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $2,356 93
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $3,589,585 $30,31111
Net amount of Risks
expired during the -- -'. ;1 " s .'.•--
year ;.... 245.C50 1.99181
Net amount in force •--.-, ..% : r
December. 31, IS9.S 3.124.723 26.464 OS
F. G. VOSS. Vice Pres.
J. M. SMITH. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, 1899.
EDXVtN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansoine Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
_^^X Dr. R.L. Walsh,
/aßgr.gV^.rt V\ 81614 GEARY ST.. bet,
!sSa&sto>+egsit£a£*&~x Hyde and Larkln.
K?^^s^Se^!§fe-^ Painless Extraction..
[fi. ■ =i^il Crowns '".'.'.'.'.'.'.'. "sa.()D
HJ; T T 1-?LiJ*^ Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates' (no bad joints) our
ipecFalty Have received TEN first prize* for
thli "branch of dentistry. No stuienU. M
i years' experience '
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTARY PUBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
■ v _•• ; Telephone ~"rown 931.
Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell,
San Francisco. . ■ • . . • ••. • ;
Weekly Gall $1.00 Der Year
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
frankfortlmebscan
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
km* * ork ', the 31st ay of December, A D.
IS9S and for the year ending on that day' as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Btate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of .Sections 610 and 61« of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash ...$300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by Company $305 024 39
Cash. in banks 54*365 75
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 133190
Premiums in due course of collection!! 4*655 35
Total assets ...$366.427 39
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense $845 00
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-Insurance 50 per cent 7,210 01
Total liabilities $8 055 01
3---V
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $7,780 30
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds stocks, loans, and from other
sources 203 54
Total Income $12.983 S4
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (including
losses of previous years) $79 95
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,917 61
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3. 70S 35
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 616 81
All other payments and expenditures.. 7.271 03
• Total expenditures $13.593 70
F. G. VOPS, Vice President,
JNO.-M. SMITH. Asst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January, 1899.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
T^&lif 7/*fc THE NEW
Ist Day. 3Mt -*%&* +U M pnpunii
or-*- 10th Day. mbm 9 FREKOH..
ViTALIS * Dl '* ■ inrurnv
PRODI »t-S TIIK ABOVK 30th Day. ft £ C£* 1..
RESULTS. Itquicklr* surely removes N«rvousne-,s .V
indnrtetions. Restores Lost Vitality, Power A F»iline Memory
Warrt.cff In^.tv »n,i.>n S umpti.,n Cures when all other, fajl!
Insist on h.ivme » ITALIC no other. C»n he carried in ve«t
pocket. By mail #1.00 per pwfc*** or six f or <"!oo w it "l
gu»r.intretnfure or Uernnd the Honej. Cirerl-r KrV. " Z?!L.
CALUMET < I RE CO.. 384 Dear* .ra"L, ChlcuTo
Sold in Sin PranelMo and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
-".DR.PIERCE'S7^
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
BBSCOVERY
FOR THE
BS-OOD < OVER.S.UMGS;
REYNOLD'S
sS 2B fil HI i ftH
VB^y I Few p<v>' ; 1
iiUWT via be confined by
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy . then, a single dose is often sufficient.
£.. FOH.KB.V X CO., SO.3U X. Wllllum Sfc.V.i.MARCONI'S BULLETINS
ARE BOLDLY STOLEN
Method of Hearst's Newspapers in
Competing With Call=llerald
Wireless Telegraphy.
NEW YORK. 0 't. 13.— Thanks to Signor
Man mi and the Herald's bulletin board,
wire, a pair of
i ong man behind
Journal was enabled
yacht race bulletins.
pled from the Heralds
to the Journal office
end from there wired to the Examiner
Francisco. In each case they were
I uxnal ten to twenty min
ited unsuccessful ef
forts • ■ - readers what was hap
■•- Hook in the preceding
□ the Columbia and Sham
- concluded that wtre
lletins ■ second hand
• :• gs«d "specials" at
, even though printed in red,
. k. Accordingly, it fol
: rd to Herald Square and
led to absorb the Marconi bulle-
Opposite the Herald building and fac
ing the bulletin board on which are dis
played Marconi's messages IB a restau
rant in which there are large windows
*nd a telephone. Leasing a window to
look through and a telephone to talk
through, the Journal stationed there a
young man to watch the Marconi bulle
tins and to repeat them immediately to
the main office In Park Rojv. This he
did, and while hungry pedestrians on
Broadway gazed longingly at the hot
c:.kes that were sizzling- behind one win
dow the bright you:;g man gazed on the
Marconi bulletins from the other win
dow. Ha had axi advantage over the
hungry pedestrians in two respects. They
could not get what they longed for, while
he could and did; and It took money to
acquire the hot cakes, while he acquired
real news of th<» yacht race free. He
could help himself, but they could not
without paying the pen) ■ of a trip to
tho. Police Station and to the Police Court.
Persons who -ought to use the tele
phone, which is a public one. were In
formed that they could not do ■'. One
jnan was told by Mr. Blake, one of the
r-opriotors of thf* restaurant, that "the
Xew York Journal hari leased the wire
for all day." The young man with the
classes, when asked about this statement.
Eald it was true. He explained that the
wir* had been, connected direct with the
Journal office, and that a man was at
NEW OFFICERS
OF FORESTERS
High Court Has Finished
Its Labors.
•
Special ' Dispatch to Th» Call.
FRESNO. Oct. 19.— The High Court of
Foresters, which convened Tuesday after
noon, concluded its labors at a late hour
to-nlpht and adjourned. Many of the
delegates took the late traJn for their j
homes in various parts of the State.
When the court was called to order at j
fc o'clock this morning the first thing on
the programme waus a speech from Su
preme Secretary McGillivray of Toronto,
•whoFe presence in the anteroom was an
nounced. A committee was sent out to
escort him in and his entrance was greet
ed with applause. Chief Ranger ite-
Klfresh welcomed the distinguished
visitor In a short speech and formally in
troduced him to the court.
When the supreme secretary had con
.eluded, the court resumed consideration
of the report Fubmitted by the finance
committee of the day before. Just before
adjournment Wednesday evening the
rural delegates, headed by Assemblyman
Fairweather and others, had carried an
amendment proposed by Michael Deck
jnan, reducing the ealary of the chief
'ranger from $2000 to $1500 a year. The
original motion had not been put when
the court adjourned.
The question of what the salary of the
chief ranger should be having been set
t>n, the next matter taken up was the
eaiary of the high secretary, which, at
the last meetir.c of the court, had then
bc-en fixed at (V'ft a year. The rural dele
pates, who had succfe«led In cutting down
the chief ranger's salary, were for the
most part eager to reduce the secretary's
Place Is at or n^ar Market street ferry, being 25-27 Market street, six-story
•nent building filled from bottom to top with all kinds of goods for
.rids of buyers and all kinds of uses. Nearly everybody knows the pla< •••»
. a It. for the best reason in the world— more and better goods
the money and better service than you would expect anywhere. Come
let prices and be convinced.
GROCERY WONDERS.
SUGAR—
Dry Granulated, Epreckels' finest. 21
ibs Jl.™
Golden Coffee Sugar. 25 lbs $1.00
Hongkong, English, fine dry Granulated,
IW-lb sacks on!y $475
We do not retail the latter; sold only in !
cripinal sacks.
.CRACKERS—
B»ft Soda Crackers, %-cases (called 20-lb>. '
per box 40c !
Peek-Frean English Mixed Cakes, per !
lb 12',*c
CRANBERRIES—
We V"<:i.ht a carload of finest ripe Cape
Cods that have to Jie closed out on consign-
ment. A great harco-ln! Good keepers for
thirty days. Until sold, V, gallon 150
Or.c gnll'.n 25c
Full barrel. 25 to 2S gallons $6.00
CREAM BREAKFAST WHEAT—
Extra fancrl thin rolled, 5 Ibs 10c
Ext I fancy, thin rolled, 1- lbs 25c
Extra fancy, thin rolled. 73 lb! $1.35
• FRENCH PEAS-^
Per tin 12140
, FRENCH MUSHROOMS—
Per tin. ,> 15c,
MAPLE SYRUP— "
Guaranteed; per gallon _ $1.00
gOAP —
Swift's or Fairbanks Mammoth, 18-o»
bar • ■ 5c
FLOUR—
Ppf-rry'p Drifted Snow, Qoldeo Gate or <? I
C. S., limit 1 barrol, per . »ick, 50 lbs..B7Hc
DAIRY SALT— ~
Per 50-lb sack jg,,
FANCY CODFISH—
Choicest middles, boneless, lb to
SLICED BACON—
l-lb tins, each.. m l"He
BLENDED TEA—
Superior quality Waldorf, worth We per
lb! this week, special at 2t£c
APRICOT JAM—
Large tins, pure goods, no nicer preserves
on the market-' ea^li ... ( .f. ■■ . Jjc
- — - • - —
the other end devoting himself exclusive
ly to receiving Marconi messages as fast j
as they could be read from the Herald
bulletin board and repeated over the tele
phone. At the Journal office they came
in like "hot cakes' by telephone.
"How does the plan work?" asked The
Call correspondent.
"Very satisfactory, he replied. By
this arrangement the man at th«* other
end knows what the bulletin is almost as
Boon as it is posted." ,
Then he added: "I suppose you are tak
ing Marconi bulletins, too, I guess all the
j papers are doing it."
It was learned that Signor Marconi s
c bulletins on the yacht races may
!en by this method in forty-seven.
is after they are posted, while by
1 formerly employed at least
minute and thirty-one Beconds
elapsed between the time the bulletins
were posted in front of the Herald build
•d the time they were received in
the newspaper office down town. But the
rival papers were not keeping up with
the news as easily as they thought. I r
in several instances the Herald delayed
posting important bulletins until long
after they had been posted by the Can
in San Francisco.
\- the Ma^kay-Rennett had dropped
ible which had given ordinary tele
graphic communication with the shore,
and was leaving the anchorage to-night
a carrier-pigeon alighted on one of the I
yard arms. \V. H. Hensman, second of
ficer of the cable ship, captured the
pigeon. In a tiny aluminum istened
to its leg was found this message:
"on board M. K. I,uekenbach. Oct. 19.
4:07 p. m.-No wind. The Columbia four
miles from finish and one and one-half
miles ahead of Shamrock.
H. H. HOSLEY.
Lieutenant U. S. N., executive officer of
Vermont.
Captain E. G. Schenck of the Mackay-
Pennett, to whom Mr. Hensman tui
over the message, wa.s desirous of hay« •
ing it transmitted at once to G. G. Warily
vice president of the Commercial Cabta
Company. As there was no cable com
munication with the shore, the mes
was sent by T. Bowden, Marconi -
pistant. by wireless telegraphy to Atlantic
Highlands. Within one minute after Mr.
Bowden's instrument ceased flashing, a
wireless reply was received that the
message taken from the carrier pigeon
was In the hands of Mr. Ward of New
York.
stipend, too. An amendment embodying
the change was proposed and evoked ;i
great deai of discussion. The vote re
sulted in the defeat of the amendment by
a slight majority and the secretary's
salary remained the s.une as before. The
vote on the original motion to adopt the
• of the committee was then put
and carried. The only Important change
made after all the discussion was the re
duction of the chief ranger's salary.
The High Court dues on members of the
order were placed at s " cents Instead of
$1. as recommended by the committee.
The entire afternoon w:ts spent in sub
urban railway excursions, the Kearny
ranch and the ."■' ro winery I
the principal places visited. At the latier
place the delegates were bq.no,'.:
The election of officers was the first
thing tak*en up at the night session. It
resulted as follows: High chief ra
cj. A. McKlfresh,. Los Angeles; h:zh vice
chief ranger S. L. Hngu.-, Fresn ; high
secretary, W. H. Perry, Los Arp
high physician. I'r. J. C. Stimson, San
Francisco; high councilor, F. McClure,
Yisalla; high auditors, George Hood and
T>r. W. Johnson of I>">s Angeles; high
treasurer, W. K. Reavis, Los Angeles.
f Ranger McKlfresh appointed the
following officers: J. M. Pratt. Kutte
City. H. O.; S. R. Keiium. Los Angeles,
H. J. S.; P. L. Archibald. San Fratv
H. B. W.; Gh P. Goldman, San Diego. H.
J. W.; L. Kroner. Rr*-ntwood, high mar- 1
shal; D. A. Kellogg, Placerviile. H. C; A.
A. St. ciair, Gilroy H. M.; J. Hurry San
Francisco, H. S. B.; F. M. Packard, El
Rio, H. J. B. : E. B. Miller, Sebastopol,
high organizer.
The selection for a place of meeting
n<*xt year wrs a contest between Santa
Cruz, Stockton and San Diego. Santa
Cruz won on the first ballot. The High
Court installed the newly elected officers
and adjourned at 11 o'clock.
NEW CHARTER FOR FRESNO
Its Opponents Defeated by a Large
Majority.
FRESNO, Oct. 19.— The election to-day
for the new city charter resulted in a
victory for the charter by a vote of 544
to 107. The "push" element In local poli
tics have made a feeble effort to defeat
it. but appear to have given up the task
as hipejeps. The new charter is in many
respects a novelty in city government.
One of Its chief features is that it gives
th« Mayor almost autocratic nower.
SEE THE WINDOW.
Misses' Overshoes, Rubber, 11 to 13% 10c
Misses' Overshoes, Rubber, 1. 1%, 2 20c
Ladies" Overshoes, Rubber. 24, 3, 34 15c
. Ladles' Overshoes. Rubber, 4. 4', Me
Ladles' Overshoes, Rubber, 5 to 7 23c
. These goods are in fine condition and of hteh
grade as to quality; a special lot at about 40c
| on the dollar of value.
, BLACK GERMAN YARN, High
Grade, pound .... 60c
This Is sold aR wanted to the trade or for
u?» l.c a hank or 80c a pound; some odd
colors at jam" price.
UMBRELLAS . . . .. sOc
A good $1 cotton rain Vmbrella 2S-inch
sire; only Ml to close out at this price.
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS . 51. 50
These are all-woo! goods made tip In our
£2 wX^rVorn^wekr comfortable and
n«at waist for home wear.
GINGHAM for Dress . . . 5 C
Stylish Plaids for children's wear at about
half price: only 40 pieces selling to all com
c£'e t0 attract trade; '"" th 7 C nts by the
SATEENS AND LAWNS . . 6 1-4 C
These are solid or light colors: real 15-cent
goods;- closing the season at 6-« cents- fine
two-bit quality; In black and white stripes
and dark figures; at 8 and 10 cents; come In.
NOTICE
Dry Goods »f all kinds will be higher Wlr«
Goods and Metal Goods are higher. Eastern
mills refuse to take large orders — oversold We
are glad to fill small orders as yet. Free deliv-
ery across the bay every day. Free deliver? in
town to 1000 patrons. Get a lot of Apricot Jam
5 cents to-day. Come in for a black Sunday
Butt, $10. ' ■
NO LIQUORS SOLD.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
COLUMBIA THE LEADER IN
ANOTHER DRIFTING MATCH
Extra Ballast Put Aboard the Shamrock to Alter
Her Trim Seemed to Retard Rather Than
Help Her Progress.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Another fluke, I
another day of light airs and calms
and drifting and guessing as to i
whether either boat would ever i
reach the outer mark. Both man
aged to get back to the finish be
fore the time limit had expired. The
Columbia was ahead In the drift around
the stake boat, and she was still further
in the lead when that much overworked
signal of "No race" was made.
If Sir Thomas Lipton got any consola
tion out of the day's doings the reason
for it was not apparent to any one who
followed the fortunes of the yachts. The
extra ballast which had been placed in i
the Shamrock to alter the trim of that \
vessel did not bring about the desired re- ;
sult. So far from any improvement be- j
ing shown in the Shamrock's speed, It j
seemed that the contrary effect had been I
produced. The Columbia gained the ad- |
vantage at the start and steadily in- j
creased her lead, despite ail efforts of the j
Shamrock to outfoot her. So long as the j
wind held the Shamrock continued to drop i
astern, and when the two floated into a j
zone of calm the Shamrock showed that |
she could drift no faster than could the
Columbia. l;s- : y£'>
So it must be counted as a failure, this
experiment with ballast, a failure at least
in such winds, or lack of them, as were
about to-day. Outfooted in the run, the
(shamrock was also distanced in the beat
back toward the finish line. Even the
most ardent of her admirers are now
forced to admit that the fehamrock is no
match for the Columbia in light weather. |
The two are yet to have a fair trial in a
stilt breeze, the test of Tuesday being |
inconclusive and unsatisfactory because j
of the accident which crippled the chal
lenger when the race had barely begun.
Tnere was a bit of maneuvering be
fore the start, and in it neither vessel (
scored any signal advantage over the
other. Both were in good positions when
the starting signal was given. The
course was a ritteen mile run to south
ward before a north breeze and back to
the finish line. The wind at the time was
from the north and was blowing about {
eight miles an hour. The Columbia ,
showed the way over the line, followed
at a close inter, by the ShamrocJc, the .
cup defender going over it at 11:01:33, the
challenger at 11:02:00. The Shamrock was ;
handicapped by two seconds in starting
as she tailed to start within the two
minutes allowed.
Both yachts took in jib and staysail as
they headed across the line, and as the
Shamrock went over it she set her bal
loon jib and dropped her spinnaker boom
to starboard. The Columbia set her bal
loon Jib one minute after the Irish cut
ter had Bent hers bellying to the wind,
and netting her spinnaker boom to star
board, tent up her spinnaker in stops.
Then followed a lufllng match, the Sham
rock heading to the westward in an et
fort to blanket the Columbia, and the
cup : 'fender sheering over In the same
direction to prevent the Shamrock get
ing the position dead astern, which she
was striving to gain. Such of the ex
cursion fleet as were to the westward of
the course were forced to swing still fur
ther inshore, half a dozen torpedo boats
guarding that side of the line, driving
pleasure craft before them.
The Shamrock was persistent, but when
at last she found herself directly astern
of the Columbia, the position which she
had coveted and tried so long to gain, the
defender was so far ahead that no ad
vantage accrued from it. The two were
then nearing the belt of calm into which
they soon found their way, and all the
rest was drifting— a slanting of sail to idle
airs, or listless swelling of the canvas.
The aprroach to the outer mark was
made with that prodigality of leisure
which distinguishes the flow of mo
lasses in cold weather. The Columbia,
dipping sunlight In and out of her droop
ing - ills, seemed in no hurry to get
around the mark. The Shamrock was
inertia personified. She slowly drifted to
ward the quiet buoy which marked the
end of the fifteen-mile run, the excur
sion fleet patiently awaiting the outcome
of the effort to turn the stake.
Almost imperceptibly the Columbia les- j
ned the distance between herself and j
the mark, and taking in her drooping |
spinnaker languidly swung ; around the |
buoy. That was at 2:24:15. Six minutes !
and fifteen seconds later the Shamrock :
followed her around the mark.
After that the only element of interest
which remained hung about the problem
i as to by what margin the Columbia would
win, SO badly had she beaten the chal
lenger in the run down and so rapidly
was «he drawing away from her on the
boat back to the finish. Later on It be-
I came apparent that there was to be no |
race at all. as the wind remained light j
and there was no hope of either yacht i
i finishing within the time limit allowed.
So it was the same old ending. Two ;
miles away from the finish line the time
limit expired at 4:30, and the race was j
declared off. The Columbia was then a <
full mile In the lead. The yachts will try i
it again to-morrow over the same course j
of fifteen miles to windward or to leeward
and return. An unusually large excursion i
fleet was out to view this effort of the
yachts to race. All the boats were excep
tionally well patronized, the Grand Duch- ;
o??e or the Plant line carrying fully 1500
guests.
Sir Thomas I.lpton was greatly disap
pointed at the failure of the wind, and as
he shook hands witn his departing guests
on board the Erin he seemed for once to
have lost some of the buoyant confidence
which until this had been superior to
calms and accidents.
'•I am very sorry the wind failed." said
he. "What we want Is a good, stiff breeze.
This seems to be the only country In the
world where there is no wind. I received
a telegram the other day from a gentle
man who suggested t+iat If I had come
during a Presidential campaign there I
wouid have been plenty of it."
In answer to a question. Sir Thomas '
said he though it would be an excellent I
Idea to have extra races to give the mer- '
its of the yachts a more thorough test !
than they have had.
When asked if he thought the Shamrock \
had shown herself a more dangerous rival
since remeasurement. Mr. Iselln said:
"No, I do not think so. We' led her by
two miles."
Mr. Iselin was told of a reported offer
of a cup for another series of races be
tween the Columbia and Shamrock, and i
asked if his yacht would compete. "i '
want to end the present series before I I
think of another," he replied. "We want
to have it over by Christmas."
Mr. Iselin paid that for the same reason
ho would not at present consider any
suggestion to complete the five races If
the Columbia should win the next and de
ciding contest.
TECHNICAL STORY OF
LAST UNFINISHED RACE
N'KTV YORK, Oct. IS.— Clear weather
and a fine breeze from the northwest
greeted the skippers and rrewg of the Co
lumbia ;ind Shamrock at sunrise this
morning', and thr> occasional puffs that
made little whttecapa on Sandy Hook Bay
p.'tvo promise of plenty of wind for the
third race of the International series.
Both boats were taken in tow before 9
o clock. Eager to try his large club top- I
sail on his new topmast, Captain Hogarth
made sail on the Shamrock on the way
out to the lightship, and by 9:15 the tow
line had been cast off and she was under
way with everything on her, including the
baby jib topsail. It was 10 o'clock when
the Columbia cast off from her tug, broke
out the jib and began to sail about with I
mainsail and jib set. Fifteen minutes
later her largest club topsail was set, and
soon after the staysail was broken out.
At 10:30 the course was signaled from the
committee boat, which had anchored to
the westward of the lightship. It was
southeast by south, showing that the
wind was northwest by north, and the
probability was that it would be a spin
naker start. About the time the tug
started to log off the course of fifteen
miles to leeward the patrol fleet of rive
revenue cutters, five torpedo-boats and
11 8^*™ ftch t Erin arrived off the
| Lightship. - ■ The Shamrock took In her
baby Jib topsail and set up her ballooa
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— At 4 o'clock
this morning the lookouts at Sandy
Hook and the Highlands reported
that a very light west wind was
blowing, not exceeding two miles an
hour.
Jib topsail on the stay in stops at 10:40,
the Columbia having done the same a few
moments before. The preparatory signal
was given at 1u:45, the warning at 1u:55,
the start at 11, the handicap gun at Il:u2.
The maneuvering before the start was
remarkably interesting work. Excursion
boats and yachts gave the racing craft
plenty of room, and Barr and Hogarth
nad iheir little game all to themselves.
At the warning signal both yachts, with
booms to starboard and sheets flattened
well In, were sailing to the northeast,
parallel to the line but about a quarter of
a mile north of it, with the wind a little
abaft the beam. The Columbia was to
windward, with the Shamrock on her lee
beam a couple of lengths away. It being
necessary to use the Jive minutes between
the warning and starting signals, both
yachts leaned far over to the northeast,
gradually lufling to me northward. When
three minutes were left the Columbia
luffed into the wind, then coming about
headed for the line. Hogarth, instead of
tacking like the Columbia, wore the
Shamrock sharp around on her heel,
bringing her close up under the Colum
bia's lee, both having booms to port.
Hogarth lost both time and headway by
lufhng Instead of tacking, so that when
the Shamrock hauled up nearly on the
wind the Columbia, under better head
way, was pointed straight for the line, a
couple of lengths to the good. As soon as
Hogarth realized this he broke out the
Bhamrock's balloon jib topsail, her crew
trimming the sheets smartly just as the
gun was fired. The Columbia's crew broke
out her balloon sail while the smoke from
the gun was blowing away.
The Columbia crossed the line twenty
seven seconds in the lead without the
handicap, which means fully two lengths'
distance. She crossed about the center
of the line and Hogarth, after a vain at
tempt to luff out across her wake and
obtain the weather position, kept off and
pay-- the Shamrock a good full.
The official time of the start was: Co
lumbia, 11:01:33; Shamrock. 11:02.
The Shamrock's actual time In cross
ing the line was 11:02:02. She was handi
capped two seconds because the yachts
are allowed seven minutes from the
starting signal in which to cross the line,
and she exceeded that time by two sec
onds. Jibs and forestay sails were taken
in at once on both yachts to give the
balloon sails a chance to till. While the
yachts were crossing the line spinnaker
booms were dropped to starboard and the
sails hoisted in stops ready to break out,
but in the Kianii- of luffing and bluff which
followed, neither yacht had a chance to
set these .-huh for fifty minutes. ilo
garth, not i"-ing able to try his yacht
on a reach on a triangular course, seem
ed determined to maKe a portion of the
ra< ■■ << reach at all hazards. So they
went at it. Instead of following the
guideboat on the southeast by south i
c, by which they mleht have carried
spinnakers, they sailed between four and i
five points to the eastward of their
courses in order to make every sail draw i
to t lie best advantage, thereby covering
Ist five miles more ground than was
necessary. The excursion fleet gave
them miles of room, keeping so far away
that the yachts were "hull down" most of '
the time.
1 mring the first fifteen minutes of this I
reaching work the Columbia seemed to
increase her lead. After that, for the j
next halt" hour, th«? Shamrock apparently
was gaining on the Columbia and at
11:50, when they both decided to abandon
the lulling game and set spinnakers to
starboard, tne Shamrock had certainly
gained some on her antagonist. Having
the wind dead aft npw, the Shamrock had
decidedly tne better position. If, with
the assistance of some of the friendly
pulTs, she could succeed in closing in oh
the Columbia her chances of blanketing
the latter would be felt. While the
wind remained steady In the same quar
ter it diminished in strength at times,
coming in puffs occasionally, but on the.
whole the outlook for finishing the race
was not very encouraging at 1 o'clock.
when the outer mark was in plain sight
from the racing yachts.
At 12:45 both yachts gibed after taking
in ihtir spinnakers and set. those Sails
ajrain to port, the Columbia setting hers
tii'st. The wind canted to the westward
gradually during the next half hour and
at 1:X- the Columbia gibed to port, quickly
followed by the Shamrock, which dropped
her spinnaker boom to starboard ana set
the sail iit 1:40, the Columbia setting her
Bpinnaker four minutes later.
it was a long run before the wind, with
simply enough of it to liil their sails dur
ing the next forty-five minutes. Balloon
jib topsails were taken in when the yachts
wore about a mile north of the outer
mark, and as they approached it .jibs,
staysails and baby Jib topsails were hoist
ed, ready for the windward work soon to
follow, it was noted that as the Colum
bia came down for the mark her
great mainsail with its crosscut cloths
was a brand new one. having in it four
battens and two reef bands. The cloths
in her spinnaker ran horizontally, while
those on tl:>- Bhamrocli were perpen
dicular. At 2:20 tlif Columbia took in her
spinnaker and ail hands stood by to
round in the main sheet as she ap
proached the mark.
The Shamrock's spinnaker came in at
2:27. The official time of the turn was:
Columbia, 2:24:46; Shamrock, 2:?,1:Q.i.
By this it will be seen that the Colum
bia was six minutes eighteen seconds
ahead at the m;rrk. that her elapsed time
was three hours twenty-three minutes
twelve seconds, and that the Shamrock's
was three hours twenty-nine minutes
thirty-two seconds, showing that the
Columbia's gain had actually been
five minutes fifty-one seconds "in the
fifteen miles. When Columbia luffed
around the mark, coming up sharp on the
wind on the starboard tack, Captain Barr
found the wind to be about west by north,
which meant that if it held in that
quarter he would be able on the other
tack to lay his course for the finish with
out making another tack. One minute
and twenty seconds after rounding the
mark he put the Columbia about and
found his judgment to be correct, and, bet
ter still, the wind freshened considerably
during the next half hour, sending the
white sloop along at a six-knot clip. Ho
garth, who went breeze hunting off to the
southward for eight minutes and ten
seconds, lost just about that amount of
time, for when he tacked and stood to the
northwest like the Columbia, his im
aginary advantage was that he was to the
windward of the Columbia's wake, while
the latter yacht was nearly two miles
ahead of him and pointing direct to the
finish. . _
As the Columbia stood on to the north
west, the wind canted to the southward
gradu&Hy, and at 3:35 she was able to
set a big topsail in place of the baby.
She also eet a balloon staysail. Fifteen
minutes later the wind had canted lo
south-southwest. Down came the Colum
bia's jib topsail and up went a larger one.
The Shamrock followed suit a few
minutes later. The wind was now falling
lighter every moment. The Shamrock
was nearly thr^p miles astern of the Co
luntbia and while the lightship was in
slgnt from the Columbia's derks she was
still five miles from it at 4 o'clock with
only half an hour of time left to 'finish
within the limit. At 4:10 the committee
boat sheered in toward the yachts and
at 4:19 exactly she fired a gun and hoisted
a signal declaring the race off. The
yachts kept their sails drawing and head
ed toward the finish for some ten minutes
longer, until their respective tugs came
alongside and took them in tow.
When the race was declared off the Co
lumbia jvas leading by about three miles
She had sailed toward the finish about
eleven miles. So ended the eighth fluke
of the interesting series. The yachts will
race to-morrow over a similar course to
windward or leeward and return.
UPTON AND ISELIN
BOTH APPEAR WEARY
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Before the Erin
left her moorings In the Horseshoe to
steam out to the lightship Sir Thomas
cast bia weather eye ekyward and gave it
as his opinion that there would be no ]
race.
"My experience over here." he sail,
"convinces me that winds from the north
or west do not hold We shall have a ■
start, but not a finish. I ;im sorry, ••on, !
for I had hoped to have a eood blow.
Then if we were beated tn<_-r<. wutito .«.
nothing left to say."
Both racers had gone out from their
anchorages when the Erin g-ot under way,
and the big steam yacht followed th. m
to the starting point, while the hundred j
or more guests breakfasted or gathered
i en her decks and discussed- the chances
I of the day.
When the gun from the committee boat
i announced that the time limit had elapsed ;
! and that "no race" was again the verdict
1 the Erin 6teamed back to the Horseshoe
and Sir Thomas' guests went home. Sir
! Thomas himself was clearly tired of the
1 whole affair. He has been living aboard
his boat in the Horseshoe for more than
a month, with but an occasional visit en
shore.
"I wish." said he, "that we could have
had a good breeze and have settled the
question one way or another."
Asked if he favored the suggestion that
I two more races be sailed in the event of
I the Columbia winning three straight and ]
; the cup, Sir Thomas replied in the affiim
-1 ative, adding that it mteht be a good plan.
, Said he: "I am willing to stay a little
i longer in order to get at least one more
triangular race and the chances of a rare
i»in a stiff breeze. Of course, it would have
'• no effect on the possession of the cup, j
which will go to the Columbia If she wins
! another race."
C. Oliver Iselin, looking a trifle weary i
; after his race against time, was seen on
the Columbia when she was towed into
\ the Hook about 6 o'clock.
"T am very sorry it turned out as it
did," said Mr. Iselin in answer to a query.
• "Everything went well on board the Co
; himbia. and we are all right. Ther» will j
' be a race to-morrow, and we are ready."
CUP OFFERED FOR
AN EXTRA RACE
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The Evening
World announces to-day that, in con
junction with the Daily Mail of London,
it offers a cup to be sailed for by the
Shamrock and the Columbia for an ex
tra race on a day to be agreed upon by
Mr. Iselin and Sir Thomas Lipton. The
World suggests that a change of crews
be made in order to settle the question
as to whether the crew of the Columbia
Is better than that of the Shamrock, or
vice versa.
MR. LOVER TO BE
NEXT TO CHALLENGE
LONDON, Oct. 20.— A provincial paper
is authority for the statement that if the
Shamrock fails to win the America's cup
Mr. Lover, a millionaire soap manufac
turer, intends to issue a challenge for a
series of races in 1900.
PRESBYTERIANS OF
STATE IN SESSION
Synod Is Organized by the Election
of Alexander Parker to Serve
as Moderator.
STOCKTON, Oct. 19.— Two gatherings of
the Presbyterians of this district and this
State have occupied the attention of the
ministers of that church to-day and this
evening. Nearly i'.»j ministers are in this
city, to remain here until the final ad
journment next Monday. The sessions of
this morning ;ind this afternoon were only
of the Stockton Presbytery, and about
the only business of interest was the
nmughtening of the Armenian Presbyter
ian Church of Fresno, where Rev. Lysan
der T. Burbank, a returned missionary to
Armenia, has been pastor for some time.
A very large portion of the congregation
were willing to have a change some six
months or more ago, but when it. was be
fore the spring session of the Presbytery
it was found to be a hard thing to handle.
Rev. Mr. Burbank wa« retired during the
six months, but the Presbytery to-day de
cided in favor of declaring the pulpit va
| cant and permitting the church to select
! a new minister if It can find one.
This evening Rev. Robert C'oyle, the re
', tiring moderator of the State Synod,
: preached the opening sermon of that
body. His subject was the forgiveness of ]
; sin, "and he carried his large audience with
him. At the close of his sermon the synod
was organized by the election or Alexan
der Parker of the Los Angeles Presbytery j
as moderator, 'me permanent clerk Is I
Frank Babb of San Jose, and the stated
clerk is William S. Young of Los Angeles.
The report of the committee of arrange
; merits was changed so as to give the first
I hour of synod business meeting to-morrow
! morning and the first hour of the popular
. meeting to-morrow night to the discussion
of the proposed constitutional amend- j
! ments exempting church property from
j execution. There will be sessions* of the
synod and of the Women's Synodical So
j ciety of Home Missions to-morrow.
HANNA SPEAKS ON
SUBJECT OF TRUSTS
CLEVELAND, Oct. 1?.-Senator Hanna
in a speech before the Fifth District Re
publican Club to-night defined his posi
tion regarding the trusts. On this sub
ject he said:
"The Democrats pay I am afraid to talk
about trust?. That settles it. I'm g>oing
to talk about them. This combination of
capital for one purpose or another is not
a political question at all. It is a business
question ;md ought not to have been
brought into politics. When our indus
tries were in their infancy England and
otli'-r countries came along and sold goods
in this country at less than the price
a«k<=ii in their own country. Then fol
lowed the protective tariff law formu
lated by that friend of the workingman,
William MeKinley. Having secured this
protection American manufacturers went
abroad. They are making rapid strides
and are successfully competing with the
whole world. It is evident, however, that
they cannot continue to do so unless they
have combined capital. We ought to own
and control our own merchant vessels.
We then would be in shape to make our
own rates and compete with other nations
on an equal footing. This formation of
combines is simply an evolution in busi
ness methods. The so-called trusts are
not new. They have been found in Eng
land and Germany as far back as 200
years and are increasing. Therefore, from
a business standpoint of view, the forma
tion of these combinations in one sense is
a step forward. However, if the trusts
are a menace to the country what party
better than the Republican party can give
you relief? When it comes down to plain
facts the various labor organizations are
a sort of a tru&t. and I believe In them
and always have."
BLANCHE WALSH LOSES
HER VOICE SUDDENLY
Performance of "Gismonda" in Balti
more Stopped Because of the
Mysterious Attack.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 19.— The curtain was
rung down at the close of the second act
of "Gismonda" to-night because Miss
Blanche Walsh suddenly lost her voice.
A physician was called upon the stage,
but could not restore her voice so as to
enable her to continue and the audience
was dismissed. The case is mysterious and
baffles the skill of the best physicians in
the city.
Jack Dumfree Knocked Out.
NEW ORLEANS. Oct. 19.— John Mar
shall, a local lightweight, knocked out
Jack Dumfree of San Francisco to-night
in five rounds. An accidental blow dis
abled Dumfree in the fifth round and
Marshall finished him In short order. Up
to that time Dumfree had the best of it.
SAYS WILCOXSON HEIRS
TRIED TO BRIBE HER
Mrs. Jackson Alleges Dr. Clow of=
fered Compensation and Used
the Name of the Elks.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 19.— A tremendous
sensation was caused in this city to-day
by an incident In the trial of the action
brought by Miss Amanda Austin to re
cover $150,000 from the estate of her de
ceased uncle, Jefferson Wilcoxson, a mil
lionaire banker and ranch-owner. The
testimony thus far adduced has gone to
show that Miss Austin had held a high
place in the affections of her aged uncle
and that he intended to leave her the
sum of $150,000, which he had locked in
the safe in his office, to be delivered to
her, in accordance with a letter accom
panying it, immediately after his death.
George Wilcoxson, a nephew and execu
tor of the will, found the money, but
claims to have discovered nothing indi
cating that it was to go to Miss Austin,
since her name was not mentioned in the
will.
The defense in the present action will
attempt to show that Miss Austin is not
entitled to the amount, which has been
merged into the estate, in which, owing
to hf>r omission from the will, she is to
have no share. Among the hosts of wit
nesses called by Mins Austin in support
of her claims are Mrs. George W. Jack
son, wife of the superiutendent of the
Capital Gas Company, and a woman
whose word is unimpeachable. To-day
an affidavit sworn to by her was read in
court charging that on October 11 Dr. G.
B. N. Clow, a physician of this city, call
ed upon her at her home and asked her
to change the testimony she was going
to give in the action so as to make it
more favorable to the defendants and less
favorable to Miss Aftstin, the plaintiff.
Dr. Clow informed her. so the affidavit
charges, that in return for this service
she would receive a consideration.
Mrs. Jackson confided the matter to
NO REDRESS FOR
ALIENATED AFFECTIONS
Remarkable Decision Handed Down
by the Supreme Court of
Massachusetts.
BOSTON, Oct. 19.— A remarkable deris
ion of the full bench of the Supreme Court
in a novel case interesting to married
women was rendered to-day in the case
of -Mrs. Ella M. Houghton of Hudson vs.
Klla M. Rice of thf» same place, holding
that a wife has no right of action against
another woman for the alienation of her
husband's affections where no adultery is
alleged. The court sustains a demurrer
which the defendant filed to th^ plaintiff's
declaration, thereby setting aside a ver
dict of $10,041. which a Mi<idl«-=.->x jury
awarded the plaintiff. The court says:
"We do not think the declaration in this
"?" sets fortn any cause of action at
common law. if the husband had been the
plaintiff instead of the wife, and no stat
ute of this commonwealth gives the wife
any greater right than the husband in
cases of this nature.
"The acts charged are that the defendant
did ingratiate herself Into the affections
of the said William Houghton (the de
fendant's husbandi. cause him incessantly
; to frequent her society, to give her va
rious large sums of money, to execute to
■ her various conveyances of property, to
I make large expenditures of money on her
I■ . I
I^K^R^^^ OvfiFCOfltS 1
> Why not prepare now ? I
It is only a quesiiion of I
time when an overcoat i
I illlFfiiiFij a num^ er °f overcoats jp
Sv iffl every day, we are twice g§
•E* j!| n| cm S n UUby in UVtr[CUcu.o Wlicll fe^fl
§i I I P!J this is a natural conrse of j||
g 1 1 1 |1 J events, but buying before Eg
i| a! i!|[«i it rains is far more conve-
• overcoats which sell from
P ".'^ $12.50 to $25 and you i|
s|| will find your fancy among them whether it m
H be a cheviot, kersey, covert, melton, oxford or m
See us to-day, then you will be prepared E
m for to-morrow. Then there is an advantage in If
H the first selections, you know. m
I Boys Shirt Waists. !
We have a number of 25-cent shirt waists for boys from 6to ml
Hi 12 years, in a great variety of patterns, which we are selling for &|
|l 15c each. |i
I S.N WO 0D& CO (Ss\ 1
&* V^l^ TIB MARKET 51 * \Qo£y @
|M# Out-of-town orders filled — write us. |||
her husband, who advised her to ascer
tain exactly what Clow wanted. A sec
ond Visit was made to the Jackson resi
dence by Clow, who repeated his propo
sition, adding, when asked who had sent
him, that it was an Elk. Mrs. Jackson's
husband is the exalted ruler of the local
lodge of Elks and Clow is likewise promi
nent In the organization. Mrs. Jackson
spurned the inducement to commit per
jury and in so doing spoke her mind to
the physician.
Another sensation, somewhat less Btart
ling, but none the less significant, waa
produced when an affidavit was read
from Mrs. E. A. Davis of Sulphur Creek,
Colusa County, a witness for Miss Aus
tin, wherein she charged that on Septem
ber 22 at Sulphur Creek she was offered
a bribe of $1000 by Tilden Jones of Sul
phur Creek, together with a railroad
ticket out of the State, if she would stay
away until after the trial was over.
Just before adjournment to-night the
counsel for the plaintifi placed on the
stand Edward Twitchell, one of the
appraisers of the estate. His testimony
being objected to, the plaintiffs counsel
set forth that it was intended to be
proved by the witness that the keys to
the safe containing the $150,000 had been
taken from the deceased two days before
nis death by the defendants, that the
contents were removed and that the keys
were not returned until after Wilcoxson's
c'eath.
Judge Elliston of Tehama County Is
presiding in the case. No arrests have
yet been ordered as a result of the sen
sational affidavits, and it is thought that
t.Ms feature of the case will not be
taken up until the testimony of all the
Vitnesses to the main action, many of
whom ai-> here from abroad at consider
able outlay, has been secuerd.
behalf and to transfer to her. the said
defendant, the courtesy and {jenerosiry
love and affection, previously bestowed
by him upon the plaintiff, as his said
wife."
KEEPER OF COURSING
PARK HELD FOR CRUELTY
LOS ANGELES, Oct. ID.-^This morning
Superior Judge B. N. Smith handed down
an opinion affirming the decision of Jus
tice James in finding F. D. Black, presi
dent of the Coursing Club, guilty of cru
elty to animals.
Judge Smith holds that the rabbits are
killed unnecessarily. It is admitted that
rabbits in their wild state may be pur
sued and killed with dogs, but in this in
stance the rabbits are kept in. confinement
and released for the dogs. The League
of Good Government, which hired an at
torney to prosecute the coursing men. 13
jubilant over the result and is preparing
to distribute Judge Smith's opini<>.
over the State. According to Mr. Black,
the suit will be carried to the Supreme
Court as scon as possible on a writ of
habeas corpus.
Mother and Babes Burned to Death
CANTON, Miss., Oct. 10.— At Stann,
Leake County, twenty miles east of here
to-day Mrs. J. H. Gambrell and four chil
dren were burned to death in a fire that
iestroyed the Gambrell residence.
34
(jdest
BOXERS GIVE
SPECTATORS
A GOOD SHOW
Five Bouts of Whirlwind
Sport at San Francisco
Athletic Club.
I weather last night did
r . >:' the boxing en
thusiasts who follow the same bo closely
that they know where sport of that kind
. ■ nee the
gymnasium "t the San Francisco Athletic
(.'lub w.is thronged to the doors last night,
E the regular monthly
ute on the card, an<l
; l measure. ■ n
tnit. There was
i givo-and-take bos
ing i :
rs all
, never flinched
■
The lirat brace in the ring were colored
men. At the end of four rounds of par
ticularly lively going Armstrong was
knocked down, and he remained until the
ten seconds' grace allowed a boxer had
expired: Just before the end mine both
were in difficulty from their fast work,
and it was only a question as to which
could stay on his feet the longer.
Jim Terry and Toby Irvine, two stocklly
built boy: were the next brace in the
ring. Terry was the smaller one, and
showed gameness worthy a better cause.
They went at it hammer and tongs, Terry
scoring a clean knockdown in the rirst
round. In the second both tried Hard, but
at long range, and no damage resulted.
Terry had a decided lead in the third
round until his opponent commenced to
play for his body. The latter kepi at his
man, and only the bell saved him from
Irvine showed to decided advantage un
til near the end of the lifth round. He
had knocked Terry down several times,
but the latter was aggressive and would
not stop. Terry's seconds finally came to
his rescue, throwing up the sponge.
Jack Puffy and Charles Fredericks went
but a portion of ono round. Fredericks
was the .stronger, knocking hid opponent
down four times. Alec Greggains stopped)
the bout, savins Duffy was not fit to en
ter such severe competition. lie was
loudly applauded for this humane act. As
this bout ended so abruptly. Greggains
drew another pair of boxers from the sur
plus he always, has on hand. They proved
to be Mike. McClure and Joe Long. After
six rounds of desperate troing the bout
was declared a draw. Blood llowed freely,
owing to th<" pace at which the men went.
Long soon had a typical dial"
from frequent visitations of his opponent's
right-hand glove. Both sported eyes of
many hues, but left the ring apparently
unharmed.
een .Tack Me
.'■'■:: 1il:.• i n \\ .
;iis it
" ■ ■
■ king
• . ■' ißll ■II
■
■ re sui
-
in. The br
lit was In trouble until
Cull of flght
ally large.
ill i hi- V)outs and
work.
Reiff in Second Place.
■ >1
! LONDON. Oct. 13.— At the first day's
ice of the Sanbourne autumn meeting
it selling nursery handicap was won by
isdainful. J. Reifl rode Westmoreland
id was second. Eleven horses ran. The
Hting was 100 to 7 against Westmora
•ttirig v.-as 1 to 7 against Westmoreland.
The Hermitage plate was won by Pe
ant. "Goodrich, ridden by L. Reiff, fin
bed second. Sloan rode Violence and
as unplaced. The betting was 20 to 1
jalnst Goodrich.
The Great Sapling plate was captured
i- Paigle. Minerette, ridden by Sloan,
nished second. Nine horses ran. The
:ttlng was S to i against Minerette.
The Orleans Nursery" handicap was won
.- Oria. with L. Reiff u,p. Solid Gold was
lird; with Martin in the saddle. Sloan
nie Siloah. but was unplaced. The bet
tig was 5 to 1 against Oria. .I to S against
did Gold ad 6 to 1 against Siloah.
Fergus Belle, ridden by J. ?;- Iff, won. the
itumn handicap. Sloan rode 1 >unlop and
as unplaced. The betting was, 100 to 30
against Fergus Belle and 3 to 1 gainst
Dunlop.
Phillies Lose Anc ther Game,
Philadelphia; Oct. ■ is.— The champions
took another pame from the Phillies to-day.
McJames anil Flatt were hit hard and were re
lieved by Kennedy an.l Ile.-nhnrd, respectively.
The trams will continue the series of exhibition
pmrs nt Brooklyn to-morvow. Sc,ore: ■
Club? !:. H. E
14 19 X
Philadelphia"! '.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.Z'.'.'Z'., ','.'.'.'.'.'.'. 8 13 4
Batteries— Kennedy. >i-.7ameß and JlcGuJre;
Pla 1 1 Remliard and IJeuglass. Umpire— La-
S;elzner-Burke. Fight a Draw.
Bjr«irs«jj 0.1.1;, v., wci. la. — iserore the
Senator Athletic Club here to-night
"Buck" Stelzner of Columbus and
Tommy Burke of this rity fought fifteen
rounds to a draw. Burke broke a thumb
Jj-i the third ronnd, but was game to the
?r»d.
Dependable Drugs
Syringes
Cheap sysingestare generally
made of poor rubber and
shoddy 'trimmings and fast-
eaings — made to , look good
ratlier tlvui to wear well. We
sell standard goods at prices
most stores charge for the or-
dinary kind.
"Omega Syrijige, No. 4 —
. Packed in octagonal box.
Hard rubber rectal pipes, con-
tinuous flow. 75 C
Omega Syringe, No. 3—
Hard rubber vaginal, rectal
and- infant pipes. Neat,
oval box. 85c
Alpha (If) Syringe— This "
syringe Us provided with
patent S'SMip joint socket;
pipes ace attached without
threads or. washers. . ... .$ I
I Alpha (E) Syringe — The
I most popular of the Alpha
syringes. 1. 2 5
Alpha Fountain Syringe—
This is the only fountain
syringe made in which the
flow can be increased at will
; by a pressure placed on the
( bag. Two quart size. . 1.60
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles un orders of $5 or up.
..."
Mll2B MARKET ST.,
. , San Francisco
10th and BROADWAY, Oakland
oCatcat uiecorcto //fade in the 3>ielct of Sport
HOUNDS THAT
WILL RUN AT
INGLESIDE
Open Stake of Ninety-Two
Entries for the End of
the Week.
Coursing at Ingle Fide Saturday and
Sunday will be as follows: Open stake,
ninety-two entries; prizes— first $100, sec
ond $65, third $40. three at $30, six at
$22 50, eleven at $15 and twenty-three at
$7 50; total, $767 50. Following is the re
sult of the draw:
Handy & Smith's Terrona vs. T. Rogers'
Olga; A. F. Moore's Decency vs. J. Bodkin's
(names) Decorator; .'. Hurley's 0 X Capitol
vs. Russell; Allen a Wilson's Belli Claire; A.
Van den Burgh's Kitty V vs. J. Burns' Eleven
Sput; C. Aitken's (names) Bernice vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Same Tit... . W. H. Shear's Fury
vs. E. Burmeister's Winning Ways; C. Levy's
Babe Sheridan vs. W. C. Glasson'e Terroriite;
J. Burns' Battleship vs. Murphy & To land' a
Twilight Jr.; W. C. Glaason'a Joy Bells vs.
IjOwo & Thompson's High Born Lady; George
Burfelnd's Royal Prize vs. Handy & Smith's
Jennie II son ; R. Julien's Sweet Music vs.
E. M. X I! _-■ - lowa Girl; C. Levy's Wild
Game vs. T. Sullivan Maid of the Hill; H.
Tiernan's Hadiwist vs. W. H. Shear's (names)
Flame; C. Aitken's (names) Chauncey vs. R.
Julten's Signal; Handy & Smith's Magic vs.
J. Rountng's Dempsey Lass; B. M. Kellogg' s
lowa Boy vs. J. Dowd'e Bhoot Over; It. Prin
i.'leV Honor Bright vs. 'F. F. Chambell's
Rocklin Bell: T. J. Cronin's Rose ot
Tralee vs. E. M. Kellogg' s Hummer; C. Strehl's
Skylark vs. D. Ford's Anita: T. J. MeHugh's
Empress vs. D. Dillon's Castle Island Boy; A.
Van der White's Master Gordon vs. Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy; Captain Clark
son's Black Hawk vs. I". Relily's Expense; Kay
& Train's Christmas Day vs. B. Lautwa — r'a
Scot Free; .1. Norton's Lagunlta vs. J. Segger
son's White Chief: E. Baumelster' g Warrior
vs. James Sheridan's Forest King; Kay &
Tram's Sir Rothwell vs. J. Dowd's Clifton
Lass; George Frederickson's Ask Htm vs. T.
J. :.! Hugh'e Maid of the Mill; James Burns'
Olympus vs. Joe Norton's Cadenza; George
Burfelr.cl's Pastime vs. Larkey & Rock's Lib
erty Bell.; D. Ford's Juanita vs. George Fred
ericks. > Miss Fireball; Handy & Smith's
Victor vs. T. Farming' s Babe Murphy; D.
Ford's Bonita vs. J. Voleman's Norman; W..
L. Trade's Wandering Tom vs. L. Wiggins'
Dexter P; D. Dowst's Sarcastic vs. B. Dean's
(names) Free Silver Boy; H. Lynch's Mystic
Maid vs. James Burns' Nellie B; P. Cronin's
Peg the Rake vs. T. F. Logan's Miss Drizzle;
John Chßrleton's Dolly Varden vs. James
Sheridan's Forest Queen: J. Farley's -Cash Day
vs. Samuel Moore's R< x : Kay & Trant's Cross
! patch vs. 11. Weber's Montana; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan vs. H. A. Deckelman's Snap Shot;
Lowe & Thompson',? Flora McDonald vs. Mr.
Wheeley's (names) Gaslight; J. Ferris' Cleo
patra vs. George Lahusen'B Fireball; T. J.
Crr.nln's Maid of Vale vs. E. M. Kellosc's
1 Lady Gilmore: H. Allen's Miss Lois vs. B.
Renneisen's Dox Daze; J. Mahtr's Mission Boy
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Mlra Monte.
OUTSIDER TAKES THE STAKE.
The Favcrite. Admiration, Is Beaten
at Morris Park.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The Ratnapo and
Fordham high-weight handicaps were the
features at Morris Park to-day. In the
former Admiration was the favorite, but
was disgracefully beaten, finishing fourth
in a field cf six. The Duke of Middleburg,
the outsider, made the running to the
last sixteenth pole, when A N B at 8 to 1
came on with a well-timed rush and got
the decision bj- a head. The Duke of
Middleburg was mx lengths before Prince
McClurg third. The Fordhaln resulted in
one of the Ix-st finishes of the season, for
a blanket could have covered four of the
horses at the end. Richard J, the favorite,
won driving by half a length, while heads
separated Kinnikinnick, Elfin Conig and
Oneck Queen, who finished in that order.
' The stewards have refused the entry of
any horses belonging to M. Clancey and
W. Lakeland, and the case of the former
has been referred to the Jockey Club for
further action. The in-and-out running
of Maximo Gomez was responsible for the
action. Results:
One mile, selling— lntrusive won, The Pride
second. Queen of Song thii I. Time, I:42V|.
Six an a half furlongs— Magnificent won,
Bombshell second, Armor third. Time, 1:21%.
Ramapo handicap, mile and an eighth— A N
B won. ■■ Duke of Mldcilptnirc second., Prince
M ' 'lurk third. Time, 1:54^.
The Fordham high-weight handicap, seven
furlongs — Richard J won, Kinnikinnick second
Elfin Conlg third. Tin,.-, 1:21.
Six and a half furlongs— Emigre won, Pick
wickian second, St. tiimonlan third. Time,
1:21%.
Mile and a quarter — Muskadlne won, TVar
renton second, Dutch Skater third. Time
2:0714.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 19.— C. H. Smith's crack
cnlt. Lieutenant Gibson, had an easy victory
In the Kimball stakes at Latonta to-day. The
distance was six furlongs. Lieutenant Gibson
carried 125 pounds, but he took up his heavy
impost and made a show of his field. In the
betting Lieutenant Gibson was favorite at 4 to
5 an I 7 to 10, with Kentucky Farmer next in
choice at 7 to 2. Weather showery; track heavy
and holding. Results: ,
One mile, Belling—The Doctor won. Lord
Frap^-i second, John Kessler third. Time,
I:4SH-
Five furlongs, selling— Etta won. Unsightly
second, Stllfs third. Time. 1:05.
One mile Donald Rain won, Hlttlck second,
Eberhard third. Time. 1:40 s ;.
The Klmball, six furlongs— Lieutenant Gibson
won, Kentucky Farmer second. John Yerkes
third. Time. 1:19.
One mile, Belling — Krlngle won, Fer
roll second, Uamlro third. Tim-. 1:47.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.-Tommy . Burns had a
good day at Harlem, riding three straight win
ners in Jim», May Beach and Moroni, and
landing second with Bonnivard and Bert Davis.
Jimp and Moroni won through his good hand
ling. He should, however, have won with Bert
Davis, throwing the race away in attempting
a fine finish. Weather clear; track heavy. Re
sults:
<me mile — Ramlet won. Bert Davis second,
Maryland Reserve third. Time, 1:44.
Five and a half furlongs— Zaza won, Bonni
vard second, Alice Turner third. Time, 1:094
One mile and 20 yards, sellinc Jimp won,
Vincennes second, Tobe Paine third. Time.
1 :4.V,2.
Five and a half furlongs— May Beach won,
HI Lee second, Algaretta third. Time. 1:03.
One and" a sixteenth miles— Moroni won, Ben
neville second, l'laintain third. Time, 1:48.
Five furlongs, selling— Atlanto won, Isenik
second, Olekma third. Time. l:02 :
PERSONAL TRAITS.
Entertaining Lecture by Howard
Ticknor, M. A., at the First
Unitarian Church.
The first of Mr. Ticknor's lectures under
the auspices of the Channlng Auxiliary
w:js delivered by liim yesterday In the
parlors "f the First Unitarian Church.
Mr. Ticknor was introduced to the large
audience by Rev. Dr. Stebbins, the pastor
of the church. :. ;'••-:
Mr. Ticknor announced that lie should
not make his first a formal lecture, but
would endeavor' by means of ■ personal
anecdotes and extracts of letters to throw
some sidelights on the characters of some
of the eminent men he hud met at home
and abroad. Mr. Ticknor talked for over
an hour moat entertainingly of Henry
Irving, Ellen Terry, Thomas Bailey
Aldrlch, Lowell, Longfellow, Dickens and
several other famous and interesting men
and women. He will lecture next Thurs
day on Edmund Rostand and his writings.
It is. a fact nut generally known that -Mr.
Ticknor is the author of the version of
"Cyrano de Bergerac" used by J. G. Gil
mour at the Castle Garden Theater, Bos
ton.
"LUCKY"' BALDWIN'S LUCK.
The ease of E. J. Baldwin, charged with
i violating: the fire ordinance by making
| alterations to the ruins of the Baldwin
. Hotel In the shape of constructing a
brick wall without first obtaining the
necessary permit from the Board of Su
: pervisors, was tried before a jury of
seven in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
afternoon.
! After the evidence of District Engineer
Snaughneeey was taken Attorney Woods,
I for the defendant, raised the point that
as then- was no building, but only the
ruins, the defendant could not be charged
! with making alterations to a thing that
; was not in existence.
The case was submitted to the jury and
1 after about ten minutes' deliberation they
1 returned with a verdict of not guilty.
I The jury was composed of J. H. Classen
James McGinnis, K. Fuhrmann, Fred
Rust, E. Coakley, W. M. Chewnin* and
T\ . Marxsen,
THE SAIS FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 'JO, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAISTD HACETSACK, Thursday, October 19, 1899.—Twenty
third day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
showery. Tritck good.
BANNERS OVER STREETS.
Merchants Urge Supervisors to Stand
by the Ordinance.
The Merchants' Association has pone nn
re.-,>rd in regard to the manner of banners
being strung across the streets to an
nounoe the candidacy of offloe Beekers.
Then has been some fear thai the Super
visors would gram privileges to ivrtuin
matter of hanging ban
and at a meeting of the directors
rday the merchants addressed a
communication to the Supervisors ui^cinf?
them to stand by the ordinance. In con
cluding the communication the directors
said:
Certainly, this ordinance so uniformly an.l
rtially applicable, baa the hearty support
■ community po«B
of civic pride and should meet with no objee
ti(.n from any ciMidldate worthy of popular
ition, there
to thi membei i of \ ■•ur
to Bustain this desirable < ,rrU
nance in it»^ entirety, and to permit no amend
ment that will change .. r modify it* uniform
operation thn ughoui i illty.
Averag-e of Bank Deposits
L-iJun me uasis 01 an estimate just mane
upon returns from fifty-one savings
banks, the depositor in California savings
institutions still maintains a high average
showing with his funds. The average sum
credited to the city depositor is $794 81.
The country depositor has not quite bo
much money to call his own in bank, but
he li credited- with the average sum of
$472 74. Taking the deposits in the city
and In the country savings banks, the
showing is an average for depositors of
$697 97 each. This does not include returns
from two savings banks, which are miss
ing, but the average Is practically cor
rect. In fact, the showing will probably
be better when it is next made up by the
Bank Commissioners, for this estimate is
based on returns up to last January, and
the deposits have increased since the tie
ginning of the year at. the rate of $2,000,000
per month. This justifies the belief that
the average is really higher than the one
submitted in the foregoing, but there are
no returns up to date to base an absolute
ly correct statement upon.
The addition of the two banks from
which the returns are not Included could
not affect the average materially. There
are 197,906 depositors in the fifty-one sav
ings banks reporting. In these banks is
the sum of $138,133,247 40. Of this amount
the city savings banks have, in round fig
ures, $110,000,000 and the country savings
banks have, also in round figures, $28,000,
--fuin
y^^^^^^Sk 1 (No retail mail orders mdt) ■ 4^^^E^^
Blm W C fom doth mil! to clothing manufao 11 ■uj
I iMß^HP^^ffl I turer, to wholesaler, to retailer, to ZjdfL
I f^^^^Wil^H 1 wearer^cost $18 to $20. '|*
I I^Sii^^KwiSP^^" 1L Perhaps this is not a fair sample— being a little better vL
Hft^ra&^l lrWli TO than our regular offers, but we can always save you V©
ifpWif^^!^ ]^'^ 1 M h ' S I 3's° Overcoat is an up-to-date and dressy garment. Fine Winter |
i^^///^^^^^rlp!i^^^^3 » weight, dark blue Kersey; satin-lined back and sleeves; fancy Cassimere 1
|W^/|®ljlS?pl Wi §3lpfP? B body lining; veivet collar; French facing. Same coat in black, tan and brown. ' I
i^^Hl^^^^^^^^^^^jM .Jsal^ M t S l^ to £25 we sell coats that are too good for ordinary clothing stores. f
\ _™ m Our stock of these Coats will last but a few days. I
ym\W' tmm * era. 13H3A$an5Q.me,3U.Pin^ Signs - L
A VERY NARROW ESCAPE.
Why F. H. Dakin Congratulates Him-
self on a Splintered Thighbone.
F. H. Dakin, a mine owner of Shasta
County, has gone to his home in Kennett.
after having spent several days under a
doctor's rare in this city.
The reason of Mr. Dakln's visit to San
Francisco was to receive surgical treat
ment for a splintered thighbone, the in-
Jury being the result of a fall from a
horse that nearly cost the gentleman his
life.
A few days ago Mr. Dakin started. In
company with a mining expert, to Inspect
some properties in which fie is Interest* d
on the upper Sacramento River. The trip
was made on horseback and ltd the two
gentlemen over some very dangerous
mountain trails.
While traversing the most ticklish part
of the route the cinch of Mr. Dakin' s sad
dle suddenly burst and the horsf he was
(in bolted. There was nothing for the un
fortunate rider io <io but to stay ami at
tempt to keep the affrighted animal in the
middle of thi narrow trail, which was bor
dered on one side by precipitous cliffs and
on the other by precipices ranging from
1200 to in depth. The horse sud
denly turned a sharp corner on the trail,
and Mr. Dakin. saddle and all. was
thrown off on the precipice side. He struck
mi the ground with his logs hanging- over
the side of the rocky wall that stretched
down for nvt-r a thousand feet without
one ledge, shrub or bowlder projecting
from its sides which might have served to
arrest bia progress to eternity had he
been thrown six Inches further.
Dakin' a companion came at once to his
assistance and dragged him to a safer
position, wherr- an examination revealed
the injuries which made the recent trip to
this city a necessity.
Though it will be several weeks befora
Mr. Dakin is entirely well, he considers
himself one to be congratulated rather
than one to be condoled with.
Firemen Are Fined.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday afternoon fined Charles
Neil, Btoker of engine 6, five days' pay for
careless driving: Walter Cenroy of engine
0, fifteen days' pay for missing five alarms
in a month, and Frank Joseph of engine
33, fifteen days' pay for using vulgar und
obscene language. Daniel O'Connor re
signed from engine 5 ami W. Connlff was
sin oini'ii to engine 2. Frank O'Brien to
engine 33 and W. A. Schultz to engine 8.
MACKLIN ON
TENRICA IN
GOOD LUCK
The Only Outsider to Score
Two Very Close Fin
ishes at Oakland.
"It looked as if five straight favorites
might win at Oakland yesterday, but
Whaleback broke the slate when Tenrica
led him out. A gale blew over the course,
the track was slow but not muddy, and
the attendance the lightest of the week.
Eddie Jones, astride the favorite, Sy
barite, took the opening six furlong sprint
tor all ages, through superior joekeyship.
Devin, on Major Cook, sifted along out in
front with his mount under restraint to
the Btretch. He then decided to cut away,
but was collared by Jones, and in a long,
hard drive lost the verdict by a nose. My
Dear finished third.
The dash for two-year-olds which fol
lowed, over the Futurity course, resulted
in another nose finish, the favorite. Es
sence, piloted by Thorpe, earning the de
cision. Quickest away from the barrier,
Jones skipped off in the lead with Druid
ess, and it was only by the hardest kind
of riding that Thorpe got up in time to
score. Bamboulia, clumsily rated by
Songer, ran into show. The other start
ers were a ragged assortment.
For the mile event, decided under selling
'■'Hidition.s, Macklin, on Tenrica, "lucked
in." It was a stubbornly contested affair
from the start, the lield running well
bunched. A furlong from the stand, with
(Vaber astride Monrovia riding hard,
Whaleback, with Thorpe in the saddle,
looked a certainty. Opposite the paddock
the latter ran out just, enough to allow
Mackiii! to squoi-zo through on the rail
with Tenrica, beating the favorite a neck.
Show honors fell to Oraibee.
Outclassing his company shoes to plates,
Pat Morrissey, at prohibitive odds, came
in an easy winner of the six and a half
furlong selling affair. Pat is good enough
to line up with better horses and deserves
no credit for the victory. Socialist led
Wyoming over the line for the place. New
M""!i, again compelled to grapple with
Morrissey, ran well to the stretch, where
she stopped.
Betting on the free handicap, over a
mile, the closing number on the card,
■ff-emed to be nervous and uneven. Mamie
i} closed a clammy ilrst choice, with the
wise ones setting their coin in on Ring
master. Ward, on the favorite, took no
chances from the start. Hustling the
black mare away in the lead, he was
never headed, defeating Snips half a
length, driving hard. A sixteenth from
home Ringmaster swerved in toward the
rail, ruining whatever chance he pos
i of capturing the long end of the
purse.
Track Notes.
The number of bookmaker? cutting in
yesterday was swelled to ten. "Billy"
I J über booked under the name of the
Dewey Club. Johnny Humphrey's book
was missed owing to the penciler's de
parture for Los Angeles.
Johnny Coleman has. gone off on a
"dope" studying expedition and will not
be Been on the block for a fortnight or so.
The small but select string of Schorr &
Son, consisting of Meadowthorpe, Sea
Lion, Tlmemaker and F. VS. Brode, ar
rived at Oakland yesterday. Jockey
Tommy Burns is due to get in October 28.
Henry Btockwell, :t youngster who rode
at the* Denver mooting, is at Oakland
tr;iek, and would like employment with
some reputable owners. He can ride at
tunda and might develop into quite a
rider.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing:
172 Sisquoc 103j 96 Halifax ins
172 I^orello 103 157 Ella de P0y....103
64 Gross 103,
Second race. Futurity course, three-year-olds
and upward, selling:
182 Seven Up 104 167 The Offering... 99
17:, Kootenal 99 ... Modwena 105
162 Billy A 99 ... Earl Islington.. lo7
Third race, one mile, three-year-olds, free
handli .
ISO Judge Wofford.. 921 (151) Petnl M
(181) f ...r liinn li) 8 ... O'Connor 92
U63) Lavator 1041
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling, three-year
nids and upward:
ISO fhar!«»F \f Re1..1H4 170 Ixtdestar 104
18« Rlnsmrister ....104 159 P. A. Finnpg.in.l^
18] Rio 'hico 9D ITS Wllmeter 107
171 Magnus 104. 174 Katie Gibbons.. 99
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling-, three-year
olds and upward:
I«l Campus 1(12! 175 L,ovdal 107
180 Roadrunner l n -' 1W Polish 107
185 I-'M tiirl 105 130 Spmlramlde ....104
177 Sidelong 105 140 Mike Rice 102
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Siaquoe, Ella de Poy, Halifax.
Second race — Modwena, Kootenal, Billy A.
Third race— Lavator, I»thlan, O'Connor.
Fourth race— Rio Chico, P. A. Finnegan,
Rfnpinaster.
Fifth race— Mike Rice, Polish, Campus.
Court of Appeals Decisions.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, sitting in the Appraiser's building
in this city, handed down decisions yes
terday as follows:
Fuank Waterhouse, Limited fa corpora
tion) and the City Trust and Safe Deposit
and Surety Company of Philadelphia vs.
the Rock Island Alaska Mining Company
of lowa— Judgment of the lower court af
firmed.
C. F. Buckley vs. Henry A. Crane—Peti
tion for rehearing denied and judgment of
the lower court modified giving Dr. Buck
ley until November 1 of this year to pay
up the remainder of the purchase price
of the land in controversy.
>OOGQQQQO
&ast
FAST HORSES
GATHERING AT
LOS ANGELES
Crack Racers of the World
Will Attend the Dis
trict Meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOSANGELES, Oct. 19.— A special train
arrived here to-day with forty-eight run
ning horses for the race meet of the
District Agricultural Association which
commences Saturday next and will con
tinue until the 2St,h inst. The sprinters
are from the trucks at Oakland and
Fresno. The feature of the opening day
will bf> the free for all pace for a purse
of $SOOO, and Joe Patohen. John R. Gen
try and Anaconda will contest. As the
people of Los Angeles have always fav
ored harness races. It i« expected that an
Immense crowd will he in attendance on
the opening day. Charles H. Willis, who
will act as presiding judge, arrived on the
special train this afternoon.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. M. Canty, an extensive fruit grower 1
of Grayson, Is at the Lick. 1
A. Brizard, a leading merchant of Ar- ]
cade, is a guest at the Lick. i
E. 11. Vance, a prominent lumber man <
of Eureka, is registered at the Grand.
W. E Rogers, a well-known miner and
merchant of Amelia, is nt the Lick. 1
Charles 11. Ingham of Manchester, Eng
land, is registered at the California.
Sig. Wormser. a merchant and oil :
well owner of Fresno, is registered at the
Lick. i
A. H. Hart of the firm of Cheney Bros.,
dealers in silk, of New York, is at the
Grand.
Commander Hawley and Lieutenant G.
. C. Sweet, U. S. N., are registered at the
Occidental.
Roy L. Quaekenbush of the War De
partment is registered at the Grand from
Washington.
Dr. Frank A. Smith, a prominent physi
cian of Seattle, is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his wife.
Major John F. Carriere of the State In
sanity Commission is registered at the
California from Stockton.
Professor A. Van der Naillen has re
turned from a six months' trip through
Europe, during which he visited the most
important laboratories of physical science
in France, Belgium, Germany and Italy.
Dr. J. E. Page, formerly attached to the
United States steamship Olympia, has re
turned from the East, transformed into
a benedict. He Is accompanied by his
bride and they are registered at the Oc
cidental.
11. Braunschweiger, president of the
wholesale liquor firm of Braunschweiger
& Co., has returned from an extended
tour in Idaho and Washington. He re
ports general prosperity throughout the
Northwest and plenty of business.
Baron Leo Yon Rosenberg of New York
City is registered at the Palate. The j
P.:iron is largely interested in mines and
his visit to the coast at this time is for
the purpose of looking after his exten
sive interests in this part of the coun
try.
Major Jasper N. Morrison, I*. S. A., ar
rived in San Francisco yesterday from
Washington and is registered at the Occi
dental. Major Morrison is en route to j
Manila, having been appointed chief judge :
advocate general of the Department of !
the Pacific at the special request of Gen
eral Otis.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— John F. Sheehan
Jr. of California is at the Marlborough.
J. L. Heishberg of San Francisco is tit
the Barthuldi. A. A. Peach of San Fran,
cisco is at the Xormandie.
LOTS MORE RAIN.
Storm in Oregon — Winds in Sacra-
mento Valley — Much Damage
Will Result.
Forecast Official McAdie last night gave
it as his opinion that the ruin will con
tinue throughout to-day. We shall prob
ably also lie visited by the severe storm
which is now raging at the mouth of the
Columbia River, where a southeast gale
is blowing at the rate of forty-nine miles
an hour, and may do some damage to
shipping.
The storm is the most severe ever ex*
perienced on the coast at this season. The
whole coast from Point Conception north
is feeling the effects of this blow. Owing
to the wires being down no reports were
received at the Weather Bureau to-night
from Point Reyes. Eureka. Fort Canby,
Neah Bay or Crescent City.
At Astoria there is a forty-mile gale and
the pressure is 29.23, a very low one.
Rain has fallen all along the coast from
San Francisco to British Columbia.
At Red Bluff a severe wind is blowing,
accompanied by sandstorms, while at Sac
ramento they are getting a thirty-mile
blow. These winds will do considerable
damage throughout the Sacramento Val
ley.
The rain has not yet reached Fresno,
but the indications are that it will, and
raisin men have been warned to stack
their trays.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~~ DIZZINESS,
NAUSEA,
' LOSS OF APPETITE.
Three prominent symptoms of liver
trouble. Three prominent symptoms tnac
Hudyan cures. . . ..
Men and women, guard against liver
trouble, for it often leads to inflamma-
tion of bowels, uloeration of stomacn ana
j heart complication. .1
■ -—__-■ - - Hi==~~!have h< j'3J
:■ =: igf or
m* ?si=E . 'dizzy spoils
lMM^^- = '§^^z: >ow eyesj , 1-
- ... ■■. . £§= v low eyes, a
\s§3*&Zk& f\%^Mi sallow com-
f •■ • '■ . . and
* S~ A* coated
;. f^P" '■.*• a- ■jajfe? , tongue (fig-
l,£i,3=^§i ■% , 'ip| V" 4). a heavy
: *JC A. 4*? /-vL\ feeling In
f/^p-i^ " %. 1 chesi (fig.
i ■O y-thy^W^ kA. ' r/li 8 >- irregular
| mtUA/^ V v — ' V '^ . ffi fluttering of
. . y '.. t I hearl (tig.
w/A )HaK.M"
iV.'kii ¥■ ,/ ' -ifcgggjjpg,. '- -' ing. no ap-
V.I,
f . y/£rm* * V ness in right
k^T^Ay-ji^ j^rr side? If so
/^^^S^^Ymf"^^ you need
--^^S:^' " • i Hudyan. It
HUDYAN FOR LIVER: prompt^ re-
ALL DRUGCISTS-SOC. fief. Do not
wait for all
these disagreeable symptoms to arise, but
take Hud] an early.
Hudyan gives a healthy tone to the
liver, stomach and bowels— it increases
the appetite. All persons who are of a
bilious temperament should take Hudyan.
Hudyan produces no ill effect, is pleasant
to take and pleasant in effect. . Hudyan
cures all liver troubles and is a boon to
those persons who live in malarial coun-
tries.
Hudyan Is for sale by druggists, 50c a
package: six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep it send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets.
San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS -FREE
OF CHARGE- CALL OR WRITE.
I Will Gsye $1000
,^«sl&6»&£^*^ If I fail to cure any
J^£>M^&i\ CANCER or tumor I
fij^gryjjgBSS&? : q^-^-Tn, treat before it scat-
fjm% ,**^ Aft No Knife
wit \w NoPaliil
1 Jti \ ''<$ ■! Until Cured.
' . '' 23 years' experi-
\ f2*W9B£-2!£(sfcj\ /ence. 1000 cancers
\ "^ ? r' : j} now in my offices in
; \ -jl / alcohol. attend-
J^<- \vuys JL ant. Any hard
j^R ■^^ >< _ \y^M^^ lump anywhere
l^liil^^Any lump In t
\\ Woman's Breast is Cancer
■ If large always poisous the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . ; .
With S3 - mpto:ns addresses and testimonials 01
thousands cured in California. Write them.
1 S. R. CHAHLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
, I SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
• ivjsir OR JORDAN'S great, i
\m%im qf ANATOMY'
i gj> 10aaA82STST.Cet.64ft?t!i,3.r.C:L| i
t-Jf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 «*3*fr*». w ' orid - Weaknesses or »ny contracted m
Tl tfS^ SiSv liisSiMpi-sUiwi-lycuMdliyihculiiotT
5 jsgl SpeoaliitcatheCoist. list. 36 years " 0
i g ßfif S 0R ' "OSGAN-PBIVATE DISEASES
A Iw&fPl t-onsultation free and stri'tly private. \
\B. V MH Po> '"' Cure in every case undcrtaien. \
BF I \\& w "tefor 15 I' II I I .O > I- II 1 1 A
V' i! I} 1 * HtnniAGE, MAILED FRtB. (Af
k CI t»' valuable bock for men) 1
: f f>R. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. T
1 rupture.
: ■E^i^V'~aHl IV X .Nil MORE IRON
|HBk^Hr Hoops or Steal Springs
>^*^^raj|fcr * Rupture retain. ; .l with ease
H^»^3Jms?t' and comfort and thousands radl-
H ?3k caU y CURED by DR. PIERCK3
m SJ&^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. Es"Call at
f office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
lIU i lUL i
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLERS DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
. SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11, 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
266S of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I ; have received from the Stan
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," . containing; the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1599
to- wit: ' ■ f '."'. . ' '
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company
Southern California Motor Road Company'
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauf,-e> Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-California-Orepon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company*
Gualala River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California. Sierra Valley Railway
Company.. San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company. Randsburs Railway
Company.- and Pullman Palace Car Company
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the. State and county
taxes on all real prope^y are. now due and
payable and will be delinquent 01 the last
Monday In November next, at 6 click p m
end unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 p*r cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
cr before the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 6 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will he due and
payable after the first Monday in January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April r-ext at 6 o'clock p. m.. and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at th»
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof.
: ... E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
RRTTSHFS FOR BARBERS.' bak-
DAUOiIUIJm, bootblacks, bath-
nouses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers cannem.
I flyers, flour mills, foundries, laundriea. paper-
j bangers, printers. painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
«*]BKr np^jU r'i mc . dy J £or Gonorrhoea.
>SBSgrOUBE&>MSJ Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
, jRgUv in 1 tob <l«y«.>y NVhitss, unnatural
! MM ?? lr r tt £ « r ! iar or any inflor.ma-
llfSflpi,,^ "T "? n - irritation or ultra-
jg-gPreTeoJi «a:a s loa. tica of qocode mem-
HtEvAHSTSHSMmai. Op. b ra'^— * Non-Mtringeut,
MBftCiKCINNATI.O.jJgBj * f]/- l*rnf.-»ia;*.
v ' "■• A - >2^ . r l \ ' a P l * lo 11 .
¥«t^Ss kj tTpress. prepaid, io«
I Weak Men and Women
: ■CHOULDiISE- DA MIAN A -BITTERS. THE
I v - r great Mexican remedy ;. gives health and
1 •trtDßth to eesual organs. Depot. 323 Market.FORFEITED HIS
LIFE BECAUSE
OF HIS TONGUE
Burch Was Murdered
to Keep Him Silent.
STORY TOLD BY JOHN KNECHT
THE DECEASED FEARFUL OF AN
ARMED ATTACK.
Mcßride 111 as the Result of His Icy
Bath but Refuses to Take any
Medicine for His Bet
terment.
John Knecht, a waiter employed In the
restaurant of the ferry-boat Sausalito,
furnished information yesterday throwing
considerable light on the murder of Vin
cent Hurch by Manuel Mcßride, the cook,
who had to jump into the bay in order to
pave himself from being lynched by the
Infuriated passengers and deck hands.
According to Knecht, whose story is told
•with the confidence of one who is sure
wnereof he speaks, the name of Miss Nel
lie Athron has been dragged into the trag
edy in an unwarranted manner, as it was
the relationship existing between her
mother and the murderous cook that led
to the homicide.
'"Burch'a people knew the relatives of
. BLnd Mrs. Athron In England,"
■■'. "and he brought
duction to them when they lived in
He lived with I for a
while and then went away, coming
hack to them onlj a few 'lays before ne
nu-t his death. He had been on the boat
1-Thaps an hour or two when he told me
i ook and Mrs.
etty thick.
'.'A that he had a
talk with t!i- ■ ' M.ie. and threat
it more circum
■ ■ r to his friend,
Mr. Xield He said Mcßrlde had a I
I he was afraid the
do him injury, hut if
•ack him he would make
-. It is probable that this
h was
Nleld, That
Mrs. Athron wore very
see ; tainly, and "I
:n the day
id with her brother
• r Mcßride's reinstatement
Is barged for striking
er."
: Manuel Mcßride, cook In
:• " : ■• steamer Saus
' ' ■ ■ den ■! Vincent Burch. a
d iy evening, has been as
"•'■ court. It
ly morning, but as Mc
to appear It was con- |
• >-morrow.
Is suffering from a very severe
ugh ;::-■ plunge Into the icy j
and about B o'clock
:n Ills cell
■ - in n /ered and re
• • li al attendance. He is
high fever from the cold and his
• ■ -.thing i
- loi • rest re his health.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FAIR,
Father Crowley Announces Its Close
on Saturday Night.
!iient was made last night
•hat the Youths' Di
■ isit'ively close to-mor-
I - uently will give
9 for the chari
•i the pay
bt on the institutio
waifs. There is plenty to Inter
: • umerous costly arti
■ .:.• d.
Among the visitor? last night were
Father P. J. Connolly of St. Paul's
Church, Father James Melvin of St. The
resa's, Father John McGlntv of Holy
Cross and Father Morgan of New York.
Miss Kittle Black and David Manlloyd
entertained the guests with some fine vo
cal elections.
r the most" popular
- for nurses the following is
up to date: M.iunt Zlon
- Luk< 's Hospital, 538;
• ••■ Hospital. 355; German
!• nch Hospital, 67.
the drawing for p.'m« of
the prizes which are to be raffled off will
tak> I night it '.
extremely busy one.
St. Brendan's Fair Closes.
fair In aid of St. Brendan's Church,
• r of Fremont ajid Harrison streets,
ful closing last night, and
- turned out in full force
to help the worthy cause.
; / /
If you will interest yourself and carefully 3jf
fj® examine these go-cent hats you will see that they 'r^j^a
are $1. 50 values. But don't stop at this — show
£& the hat to any one, compare it, test it and the ver- :^k
g diet will be — it is a $1.50 hat, but the price is |
i only • [
90c
I Derby s — black and brown. . I
f Fedoras — black, brown, pearl and cedar. f
I Violets — same coiors as Fedoras. ?
i Mothers! See our boys' golf caps for 15 cents
\ an 1 boys' yachting caps for 25 cents. ' . I
I S.N.WOOD CO ||
<sCl!^^ 718 MARKET 5T N^to^y I
1? Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
FOUND THAT HE HAD
MARRIED A LUNATIC
Harold Courtenay's Story Is
Stranger Than Fiction,
Accuses Millionaire Fruit Packer Cutting
of Inducing Him to Wed an
Insane Daughter.
«T? «n> AROLD COURTENAY of the
'. liouse of Courtenay, at the head
of which rules the Karl of Dc
i \}> ii yon. arrived in San Francisco
from London a few days ag-" to
!-.>.-k restitution of Franda Cutting, |
..f the Cutting Fruit Packing Coin-
CHARACTERS IN THE STRANGE CEREMONY.
pany of this city. The story the English
man will tell later in th( irts f this
I city is almost as strange as fiction and
parallels in detail some of the events
written by Hugh Conway in "('ailed
Back." The principal accusation C
j nay will make against his father-in-law,
i Cutting, is thi
marriage between himself and Misa [sa
bella Cutting when he knew his daughter
to be of unsound mind, and that <\u<-,>
the union the woman's condition has
such as t nflnement in an
j asylum and her in from h»-r hus
band,
cutting brought about this marrlai
I Courtenay claims. In the hope that mari
ti< ;t y wmild lift the clou ■
; daughter's mind, and he chose the mem
bei of the Knglish nobility as a medium
through which this might be accom
plished, introducing the girl to her
pectlve butfband irarily
lucid periods and afterward ha
marriage ceremony. Before the marriage
took place Cutting offered an Inducement
to Courtenay by settling an amount an
nually upon himself and wife. Ui.
couple were forced to part this allowance
withdraw;], although no divorce has
>et been sought for. For all of
thing? < '" - to the ex
: tent of about $50,000. If Cutting
! amicably no suit will be brougl
should he dispute tie- claim a damage suit
will be Bled in the courts of this city.
On the lnst day of the year LB9
married Miss Isabella Cutting in
1 New York City. Th< was a brll
j llant society event, and its details had
'. been perfected by Francis < '
father of the bride. For the better part
of two years previous to this event the
young lady had been Insane and had b< en
confined in a private sanitarium In War
wick. Narragansett Hay. Bhe recovered
partially under skillful treatment, rind it
was after her release that Harold Courte
nay. member of an old Enirlish family
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20. 1899.
and son of :i prominent London physician,
met and wooed her. Miss Cutting was
I in Oakland, but was sent to the
East about ten years agro when signs of
m< ntal aberration first made themselves
apparent.
After hja Introduction to Miss Cutting
• nay maintains that the strictest
ecy was maintained by the young
! lady's family with regard to her mental
condition. He was permitted to se<
| only al certain Intervals, and then her
every actli n was guarded by a chaperone.
He suspected nothing, attributing the
iar» nts watchfulness to a sense of deli
. and persisted in his courtship.
After a time, he claims, cutting offered
: t" him the hand of his daughter In mar
aud settled upon her lifty bonds of
the Maricopa and Phoenix Railroad Com
pany of Arizona, Out of the Interest and
rived from these l onds the
-w<re to r tive $2500 annually.
providing the marriage should take place
g as they lived In amical
'■■ Ith • ach «t her.
marriage ceremony was performed.
STEAMER BERTHA IN A GALE OFF UNALASKA.
i nnd Harold Courtenay, with his wife de
parted for Genoa, Ctaly, on the .steamer
Fulda. ()n the voyage Mrs. Courtenay's
i old malady reasserted itself under tragic
imstances. After two days had been
passed a 1 sea a passenger on the vessel
committed suicide by first slashing his
I throat and then lumpinp overboard. He
bq closely resembled Courtenay that the
newly made bride believed that, she h^iii
witnessed her husband'^ death. She im
mediately became violently Insane, and
when Courtenay appeared on deck she in
sisted that he was simply the spirit of
her husband. During the remainder of
the voyage Bhe suffered such distraction
lhat ."he tore her husband's flesh with
her teeth, Btabbed him with a pair of
scissors, and struck him In the head with
v knife, causing an ugly scar over his
•
Mrs. f'ourtenay had to he placed In the
Bbertoll Asylum at Pistoja, Italy. She
has never regained her mental health, and
later was removed to England by tier
father, who prevented Courtenay from
even knowing of her whereabouts. After
she had become separated from her hu.«
l>;m<! Cutting devoted the entire dmy.-y
tv iiis daughter. The couple has not been
divorced and Courtenay will not give nis
consent to any such proceeding. He says
I he will acquiesce to a legal separation
providing Cutting will recompense him for
the mental anguish brought about by the
I unfortunate union. He has secured the
services of Judge Hunt of this city, and
says that the public may expect a sensa
tional legal battle.
WOMEN PHYSICIANS.
California Club Wants Them Ap
pointed in Insane Hospitals.
The California riub. through its presi
dent. Mrs. I-ovell White, addressed a com
munication yesterday morning to the
Board of Supervisors, asking for the sup
pori and earnest consideration of certain
resolutions regarding the appointment of
an ii?sistant woman physician In each of
the Btate Hospitals for the Insane. The
resolutions were adopt) •! at a recent meet-
Ing of the club and are as follows:
Rfesolved, That in the opinion of the Cali
fornia Club It l.« esFontlal to the proper care
ef the vrotnan patient! in the several Ptate hon
pitalK for the treatment of the lnrnine that one
of the assistant! in each hospital should be a
woman, and It Is roppectfully urged upon those
having tli" authority thnt they appoint a «o
man physician as a.=gi»tant In each State hos
i.llaj for the iiisaiia.
DR. ROBERTSON
SUCCUMBED TO
AN OPERATION
Well - Known Physi
cian Passes Away.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT HIMSELF
WAS HUNTING IN SISKIYOU
WHEN IT OCCURRED.
Sad Ending of a Week's Outing in
Search of Big Game in the
Mountains — How It
Happened.
Pr. H. P. Robertson, a well known
practitioner of medicine of this city, sur
cumbed to an operation performed on his
foot at the Waldeck Sanatorium yester
day afternoon. Death was the direct re-
suit of a gunshot wound In the foot, ac
cidentally inflicted by the discharge of
the doctor's gun while hunting in the
ntains of Siskiyou three days ago.
my with Dr. F.
W. Vowinckel, Its. Carpenter and Fish
and Game Warden H. \Y. Keller were in
quest "f bear when the accident occurred.
The party had killed a number of deer
and other game and had reached camp.
Dr. Robertson was putting his hammer
less gun in its place when without warn
ing ii was discharged and the hullet
struck him in the foot and inflicted a bad
wound. His fellow physicians immedl
ately sei about to relieve tho wounded
man, but they found the wound of such
magnitude that they deemed It best to
have the patient removed to the city. It
was a sad party that arrived here A
delightful hunting: tour was cut short by
the accident and the members of the
party were full of sympathy for the in
jured medical man. On their arrival their
patient wan removed to the YValdeek An
attempt was made to save the foot but
it wiis found impossible, as the bullet
known as the •'smooth-nosed" or •'dum
dum," had spread when it struck the
bone find torn the ligaments to pieces An
operation was decided on yesterday and
I)rs. Fshleisen and Vowincke] and a num
ber of other physicians participated The
patient was put under an anesthetic and
the leg was amputated at the knee The
shock was too much for Dr Robertson
and he did not survive the operation
The deceased l. .-.yes a widow, a daugh
ter, Miss Page Robertson, and two stop
sons, Carl and John Lehners, to mourn
his lo«s. He was a graduate of Conner
Medical i nlleKe and had been nraeticfns 1
in this city ror the past seven vearsDr
Robertson was connected with 'the Wai
deck Sanatorium and tho Woman's Hos
pital, and enjoyed a large practice He
was an ardent sportsman and took every
opportunity to go Into the country md
snoot big same. He was on his annual
vacation when he received the fatal
wound.
JfcfczAu&tiU!>
benefits the ill, the convalescent and the well
The fact that it If prepared hy the Anheuser-
Uuscli Brewing Ass'n guarantees Its superior
merit.
FOOTE CHARGES BLACKMAIL.
The proceedings j n the into case yes
terday were enlivened by torrid remarks
between Attorney Foote and Attorney
John A. Wall, who was called as a wit
ness to testify to what he knew of Lucy
Hlte. He did not know much, and what
be did know he said he had received
prim-ipally from a newspaper reporter
Foote tried to show that Wall had used
the information he had so obtained to
break into the case, but the incident ended
in uilk.
The only other witness of the day was
John R. Hlte. whose presence on the
stand was used ns a means for the va
rious attorneys to find out what f*>es th«
others were setting. The case will go on
again to-day.
NEWS OF STORM
TOSSED SHIPS
IS COMING IN
The Bertha in a Gale
Off Unalaska.
— ♦ —
ALOHA LOST HER DECKLOAD
♦
SCHOONER LIBBY TOWED INTO
PORT BY THE PHEASANT.
♦
Transport Senator Due Here Next
Tuesday — Not a Disengaged
Vessel in — Sewall to
Carry Canned Goods.
The Pacific has been belying Its name of
late. From all quarters come tale,s of
storms, and In many Instances vessels
have suffered. The Empress of India was
caught in a typhoon off the Japanese
coast, and as the Senator, with the lowa
| boys, sailed eight hours ahead of her, she
must have caught it also. The Senator Is
as stout a ship as ever left this port, how
ever, and there Is no doubt that she
has weathered the storm in safety. The
worst that can be expected Is a little de
lay. On her last run from Yokohama to
San Francisco, the Senator took sixteen
days. On this occasion she will probably
take seventeen days, and that would
! make her due here next Tuesday.
Of the other transports on the way here,
the City of Puebla sailed from Kobe,
Japan, on the 17th inst.; the City of Syd
] ney is twenty-three days out from Manila;
j the Ohio, with the Tennessee boys abroad,
sailed from Hongkong on the 2d Inst., and
the St. Paul sailed from Nagasaki on Oc
tober 18.
In the north vessels bound for Cape
Nome have been badly buffeted. The
Aloha is reported to have lost her deck
load, the Bertha had her cabins flooded,
windows broken and doors smashed in,
I while the schoner Llbby had her rudder
| head and main boom carried away and
was towed into TJnalaska by the British
man-of-war Pheasant.
The Bertha arrived at Unalaska from
San Francisco on September 29, and four
days later she sailed again for St.
Michael. The Portland arrived at Un
! Alaska from St. Michaels on September
' 28, and on October 3 sailed for Cape Nome
with a cargo of coal. The schooner Pearl
left Unalaska for St. Michaels on Septem
l ber 20, and the steamer Homer, from
] San Francisco, arrived at Unalaska on
| October 1. All these vessels had a hard
' time of it in the North Pacific
Another message from the steamer Peli
can was received at the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday. It was written on a
piece of paper torn from a memorandum
book, and after being placed in a bottle
■was thrown overboard. It was picked up
: on the extreme end of the Aleutian Isl
! ands. 'The message read: "Steamer Peli-
I can—Ship is sinking; ten minutes more
| and all will be lost." Once before a mes
sage from the steamer was washed
ashore. It was from Mate Patterson and
was to the same effect as the above. The
' Pelican left Puget Sound nearly a year
j ago with a general cargo for the Orient.
A thorough search was made for the
1 remains of Will A. Snow, the marine re
porter of the Chronicle who lost his life
oft Black Point a week ago. The tug
Governor Perkins, with Chancellor Snow,
i father of the dead man, and a representa
i tive of the Chronicle, was out for several
1 hours, while Peterson's launch Sybil was
out from morning till night. Alcatraz,
Angel Island, Sausallto, Fort Point, the
marine shore and way up the bay as far
; as Hunter's Point the boats cruised, but
not a trace of the body could be found.
i A number of Whitehall boats were also
I out. The search will be continued to-day.
For the first time In the history of the
port there was not a disengaged vessel on
the list yesterday. Everything has been
chartered and still there is not enough to
meet the demand. The sugar fleet cannot
carry all the merchandise destined for
Honolulu and lumber orders cannot be
filled for want of vessels. Yesterday the
bark Nicholas Thayer was hauled out of
Oakland Creek and will go in ballast to
Clipperton to load guano. The gasoline
schooner Bessie X will accompany the
Nicholas Thayer.
The big American ship Arthur Sewall
will take a most valuable cargo to Lon
don. Besides a quantity of wheat, she
will carry 150,000 cases of canned goods.
Some of the rivets In the bow of the
ship worked loose during the voyage to
San Francisco, and a gang of riveters has
been engaged in making good the defects.
The Sewall goes on the drvdock to be
cleaned and painted before beginning to
load.
An ex-weigher in the Custom House had
a narrow escape from drowning at Broad
way wharf yesterday. He missed his foot-
Ing and fell Into the bay. Had it not been
for the prompt assistance of Customs In
spector Stevens and Officer McGreevy he
would have been drowned. They got him
out of the -water and aent him home In a
hack.
Rough on the Bay.
It was blowing a southeast gale at the
Heads yesterday afternoon, and in con
sequence a number of vessels that were
to have sailed remained in port. The
Walla Walla was due from Victoria, B.
C, early in the morning, but ran into a
southeast storm directly she passed out
of the Straits of Juan de Fuca, and it
must have stayed with her all the way
down the coast, as she was not in sight
at sundown.
The Townsend was to have sailed for St.
Georges Island after the cargo of tho
wrecked Laurada, but her departure was
delayed until to-day.
Vessels moored at the southerly end of
the water front suffered from the gale
The City of Peking chafed a little at the
Mail dock, and the City of Papeete had
a lively time of it at Hathaways. An
attempt was made to get her out into the
stream, but It failed. She will dock at
Vnllcjo street to-day. A number of lum
ber schooners discharging at Main and
Little Main had to move out Into the
stream, and some of the colliers at Beale
.street followed suit.
The captains of the transports spent an
THE EMPOEJUM.
r
* HAZZARD, TUE^VMIMMB Eft'l Mf - i/ii/M I
t " «*Ol<ten Jfcuic Bazaar"! »t Conoe rt Sat. J
ft 10 to 5 daily - CAUmRniA2LAIX.EST-AMERICA-S.Cf}AriD£ST STOSE. urday E7enin s- *
ft ' V *
I/^ . &>r—-r^ I
ft Tf ALL-DAY -t&Zs *
I // *sp£c/al Sales*—- // *
#, We cordially invite strangers in the city to visit the big store. ♦
♦ No one will ask you to buy anything ; no one will even look at you *
* as if you were expected to buy anything. The great stocks are open to your
J inspection merely as things to see and admire and learn from. Service is ready <+>
*, tie instant you express a desire to be served — never before. <"
ft Picnty to see — if you miss the Emporium you miss an important city sight. J
ft Your grip or parcels checked free of charge at our Information Bureau, the .2
* attendant of which will tell you all about the points of interest in the city, give
* you information about railroads and steamboats, etc. Comfortable parlors to rest
jr in, wi h free stationery, papers and magazines. Interesting^ - —^ <f
J entertainments in Ex.ibition Hall; Mexican Leather Workers;" *£^^j *
Oriental Bazaars, with native attendants; Grand Concert evary jalTq "*
fr Saturday night, and a thousand and one other interesting thing-?. \*J <«
I ===== /ish\ ;
* Boys' $6.50 Suits / p J
I for $4.95. ft I X I
* This Special Offering for V/VIU ♦
5 Friday and Saturday Only. * V \>O ♦
ft ' \\ T *
Is. For these two days we place on sale another lot \\ ♦
*of Boys' All-Wool Long Pants Suits, for boys 12 to 19 | \\ J
£ years of age, made up in this fall style, of brand new j \ \ *
ift all-wool materials, lined as the best $6.50 suits should \\ *
! * be lined, made for wear and perfect fitting, 3 different V^ ■*
i » styles to choose from; for the two days at. .54* 95 JLJ *
x' = I
£ Friday Only. r"9l6"l Friday Only. *
* Gloves, f (jj\ X r*^ Boys' J
% pair 1t \m Hals, 33c. %
ft A large lot of V\>\* I I /«, Boys> ///,(<? I \ £
ft odds and ends in W \ 1, / / Saxony f/A \ U#- ix^k I
* ladies' and chil- K\ \ Mi / W °°' <*k^ I^J^^^*J *
* dren's Kid Gloves, NA \ fc^/ Crash \^ ==^^ «
X color d and black, 1\ \ W//.. Hats , V 1 J " [ — *
|» broken lines of 1\) K^ m dark blue and arolden brown, also Boys ♦
■ft Biz*s and some I\\\ \ y Saxony Wool Fedoras, in black, brown <•
ft slightly soiled 11\\ \ 4 and cedar, sizes 6%, 6% and 6Ji only, ♦
♦ and damaged in • 111 |J neat, dreamy, serviceable hats for boys, *
ft display, glove 3 U\A* that retail regularly here at 49c— on spe-
£ that formerly sold cial sale to-day at 330 4
J at $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 pair— on sdc-; <«
; cial sale to-day at 49Ct 'Bargain Friday. ♦
! J Friday O^fv " Ladies' $$& Jacket, «
* Under muslin 5-- To-Day, m&9^ %
ft «« » » with two #» p» X/j^vT^
.' Specials. dusters of $9.95. Qf.£Z I
; * fine tucks, deep ruffle of fine embroid- $15.00 heavy C)- *fc-^!^^
! ♦ eiy/prci always $1.00 special vert * Jackets, like ; -* *rf *
J for this day only 55c !picture. this fall "#
I 25 dozen Assorted Gowns of fine must in, s tyle, dcuble-breast- , /^S/^^^^ *
Io> embroidery trimmed, new fresh foods jed 'atin-iined velvet vff'^^^f\ «
ft ju--t received, of which the price is co u ar> new stitched Vj Io Jq ( \2.
ft always $1.50— a1l s zes on special sa'e seamJf 11 I J V \<*
ft to-day only 950 highly fin- \|\°H A\s\ *
* Children's Canton Flannel Sdrts, tor i 8 !eJ, size 3 /^JI I' / ?/) *
I * ch'dren Ito 5 years of age, pric?s 32 to' 42— — <\^4i°\4 icJna/ **
I ? always 30c, 40c and 50c each— on spec a i to- yg-^tK&)^^?' *
fr special sale to-day or.lr, at d o . ly at \\ fe^m *
ft 15c,2Ocani25c ■■ $9,95 \ ' N 2
ft . ' ' 5
6 m -m jg»i*' Ladies' Extra Friday Only. For this day only. V
1 » Xrl?I ia~ Heavy 40 - Gau^ Silkoline, "fg? I ™*?** «
ft HOSe, M*tGm Hose, real Maco t~- ««-.-# of 36 - inch Silkoline, J
ft Cottoi. /->- 99m Jf«*r9M. in a good assort- 2
ft Hermsdorf fO^h ment °^ P attern? an^ colorings for com- % ,
ft ast biack, i^Jit ■ Sorters, draperies, etc., regularly 10c a #
* 8pi c v d — S-*^G yard — the price to-day 5c Xt
» heels and ikMP*^*?~>\ cjr> , '-m * 2
J double soles. lff\ ) Fnday OnU> We offer aj
ft regular 20c f />, / | TOOtH ar S 9 Jot ° f 2
ft per pair— on 1/ A\i , / Rl*U<shf**S fftf* J" 1^ o ™' B^*
ft spec-'al arUSMMtSSf, OCi Tooth Brush- ,£,
* to-day 0n1y... JwSsflr\. cS ' solid b ° ne handles, bristles hmd
*" Sim's s <^sW J&lnl ''/; (Jr3wn ' an extra good brush at the very
* per "dozen, \xfsdf^ ' special price— each 60 *
a per pair \l^ —^— — — —
t 14 c Friday °" lv - La - «
ft '""'"' T n — On F .. 35cHandker- ;- 5
& For Tiro Days. On Friday _!-—*■«, O«^. _~._JU Sheer *
* Taaestrv ' and Satur ' omets, £ie each Linen 5
ft — | ** j. CB. only we! Lawn H indkerchiefs, scalloped embroid- >^
ft CarpetS OOCm offer 19D eref, 45 dozen only, is an extensive as- V
* ro Is of 10-w re Tape-try Carpets — just ! sortment of dfsirable patterns, our regu- ♦
? arrived from the mil! — regularly 85c lar 35c quality— on special sale this day *
? yard — at the very special price 0i.650 only, each , 2iO Zi
? &2*lf* Of On Friday and Saturday only we make a J
-__ . c*m.SS*+i***** special reduction of 25 per cent in the £
£ Hair OWItGneS. rices of Hair Switches. Z
* Hair dressing 2 So— Manicuring 25c. «
ft Halnlresslng and Manicuring Parlors— <•
4, Main Floor, adjoining Crockery Department. <&
anxious afternoon and night. The vessels
were banked two deep between Folsom 1
and 2, and any change in the wind meant
a considerable amount of chafing, to say
the least. The Westminster was moved
out into the stream during the afternoon,
and arrangements were made to have the
Newport, Olympia, Manauense andlHra
syivunia moved away from the wharf at
the slightest appearance of danger.
LEBANON CHURCH BAZAAR.
Worthy Efforts to Pay Off the In
debtedness of a Popular
House of God.
The prl-tty little Lebanon Presbyterian
Church or. the corner of Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets was made more at
tractive and interesting to its attnedants
yesterday afternoon and evening by the
presence of a bazaar and entertainment
got up for the purpose of paying cff its
debt and renovating its interior and ex-
The" church, which is small and modest
in pretensions, has so increased in regu
lar Sunday attendance since the advent of
its new pastor, Rev. R. W. Reynolds, that
it ifl probable additional room will be
required soon. Before this is attempted,
however, the present small indebtedness
will be paid off, and it is with this object
that the ladies have exerted them
selves in collecting such fancy articles as
< can be disposed of at a bazaar, together
with the giving of a real old-fashioned
New England dinner this afternoon be
tween 5:30 and 7:30 o'clock. Previous to
the dinner hour there will be a musicale,
in which °ome of the best local talent ob
tainable in the Mission will participate.
In the Sabbath School and parlors of
I the church there are several booths.
I Among the more prominent are: "T+ie
I American booth," in which Admiral
Dewev figures in the form of a plaster
bust in a most conspicuous place. Over
this booth Mrs. Arthur Davis presides,
assisted by Mrs. E. Kohler. Mrs. I. Mc-
Clure and Mrs. E. Knapp. "The Scotch
booth," presided over by Mrs. Joseph
Stott and Mrs. A. C. Brown: "The Swiss
booth," in charge of Miss May Peterson,
assisted by Miss Nettie Moore; "The
United States booth." in charge of the
Ladies' Circle of the King's Sons, and
"The Candy booth," presided over by the
ladies of the King's Daughters.
■ m m . ,
ITALIAN CHURCH FAIR.
Children of Mary Entertain the
Visitors.
The children of Mary booth had a night
at home last night at the Italian church
fair In Washington-square Hall, and a
large number of visitors were agreeahly
entertained. The following programme,
which had been specially prepared for the
occasion, elicited unstinted applause:
Comic song, Miss Nora Regan; fancy
dance. Miss Judith Rusch; specialties,
Miss Rosle Bennett; comicalities, Miss
Juliet Sewarb; vocal selections. Miss
Rosie Steveler.
The Children of Mary booth is presided
over by the members of the sodality con
THE EMPORIUM.
nected with the Church of Sts. rieter and
Paul, in whose aid the fair is being held.
The following ladies assisted in receiving
the guests last evening: Mrs. Cervelli,
Miss R. Denesrri. Miss Katie i"ampn(l"
nico. Miss Tda Ginocchio, Miss L. Ruero,
Miss A. Solari, Miss S. Ftletti, Miss C.
Porno, Miss J. Marini, Miss A. jr>inag!ia
and Miss EL Grandona.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN ONLY
lII] CONTRACTED '
AILMENTS
PERMANENTLY
CURED.
LOST
VITALITY
PERMANENTLY
RESTORED. ♦
18 YEARS'
SUCCESSFUL
EXPERIENCE.
NO PAY n
TILL CURED.
FREE
CONSULTATION.
DR. MEYERS & CO,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
! Dally. 8 to 5.
HOURS. Evenings, 7 to 8.
I Sundays, 9 to 11.
(1 jj
\ttsr33o MARKET ST. s.F.^tt^
56
FRIDAY OCTOBER 20, ißqtj
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F
Telephone Main :scs.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fB.OO i
DAILY CALL. flnoluditifr Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
r>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «... <*•"*<>
BUNDAT CALL One Tear l- »°
WEEKLY CALL One Tear *- 00
All postmasters ere author**] to receive subscription*.
Barnpla copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS.
Manager Forelfcn Advertising. Marquctte Balldlag,
Chicago,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT! |
C C. CARLTON Herald Squat* j
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKEN6 <IR 29 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEW& 6TANDS.
Bh«rman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great NcrtlMni aMall
JTremout House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria, Hotel; A. Brentaao. U. UnlM Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel j
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, open until
8:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. I
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C" Market |
• treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '09*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
• treet, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
CnluniMa— "Hotel Topsy Turvy."
California — "The School for Scandal."
Orpheum— Vaudeville."
Tlvoli— "Fra Ulavolo.. 1
Alcazar— "The Masked Rail."
Grand Opera House — "Nanon."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninc.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performances.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. TV. Butterfield— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture,
at iy>9 California street.
By S. Watkins— Saturday. October 21, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By Easton. Kl.'.ridce & Co.— Tuesday, October 24. at 12
o'clock, R.-;U Ksua*. Nt 63S Market street.
PHELAN ON PARTIES.
? N his speech at Calif 11 on the 17th inst.
> ■ rd District Democratic meeting Mr.
pirit of party pride and
m in a v t with hi- pret
: irtisan. Forgetting his re
• a primary of hi- own party
of his organ that an honest
- impossible, lie proceed*
.. 1 irti In this description
■.(led the Democracy as always trusting the peo
■ had never been a Committee of
■ 1 ■■'. lican party as not in sytn
the p< iple, and s:ii'i: "It is the Toryism
; fears tin- people."
It n ■; . • ■ Air. Phelan is com
,ive in a city where there are so many Re
■ sence must make life very
I ned his campaign by de
traitor.
against Hor
he is v;; of having
has affirmed
did not fight
for theii v ho
The word 1
ilitics. Since
cur Revolution it has meant a mai i his
try and hi ; men in that heroic strut
in a Tory i ■
c said of his civic character.
ry rapidly. In order
t< gel th« . • - ; . -. independents an<l
gold " ssary to tgn< »re or
c the Chicago platform and dump Bryan
:"ree silver. There i linst
this. The peo] believe in putting forward the
principles that are attached to the name of a parti
are not pleased with the mum policy of the Mi
They see that such policy was adopted solely to get
'. ■ r for certain persons, but party men
want to be able to claim victories for the party, not
; mere personal triumph.
ng this, the Mayor is attempting to reinstate
>vith those who Acre snubbed in his conven
'. to lure men who are not ashamed of their
principles, he . '. I olicy of insult to his political
• ■ as an appeal to the instincts of his par
iwers. Therefore the passionate and untrue
ons of all Republicans in which lie is
indulging. But as he goes on his difficulties in
cre.v Ie Democrat-, who recognize the
- in a free government, are not in the
their respectable opponents "traitors."
"cowards" and "Tories." They regard them as fel
low countrymen, differing as to methods of interpre
tation <X the Federal constitution, but with a stake
i:i the welfare of the country equal to that of Demo
crats. The majority of the people of this city and
. by a division on party lines, are Republicans.
ly i; will go hard with California and San Fran
they are <uch ■ > and bad citizens
rs Mr. Phelan describes.
When the roll is called for active business men,
manufacturers and employers of labor in this city a
very large proportion of them are found to be Re
publican^. They are stimulating and su-taining the
wealth producing and wage paying enterprises of the
community. Mr. Phelan's organs continually refer
with contempt to Hon. Horace Davis as a man en
ness and manufacturing for the last
thirt) ■ making a fortune for himself in
•• activities. This is regarded as unfitting him
for ;!ic direction of public business. It i<= a charge
brought against Mr. Phelan. He
a day to get rich. His millions were
ed for him. and he had no harder labor than was
required to inherit them.
Inheritance of a fortune is no offence, hut sneering
;it men who have to make their own fortunes is an
indecency.
As 71 representative of Pacific Coast merchants on
the Interstate Commerce Commission General X P.
Chipman seems to be as welcome and popular as a
bull in a china shop.
ENGLISH LIBERTY. .
A DAILY study of current events in Great
Britain may be useful to Americans. Our
domestic imperialists have for more than a
year urged Americans to consider the glory of Brit
ish arms, the richness of British conquests, the wide
scope of British trade and the merits of British policy
in the crown colonies. This has been done to lead
i copying the imperial policy of that country,
regardless of the fact that while it conforms to the
British constitution it is repugnant to ours. The
institutions of a constitutional empire can be ex
tended by force. The free institutions of a constitu
tional republic cannot be extended by force.
American anti-imperialists have now the right to
call the attention of their countrymen to the tolerance
of opposition in Great Britain. While the Chicago
Tribune is calling for the arrest and execu
tion of Carl Schurz, J. Sterling Morton,
George H. Boutwell and Bishop Potter as
traitors because they declare that self-govern
ment ceases to be self-government when it is
forced upon an unwilling people, in Great Britain
subjects of great eminence, members of Parliament
in the Lords and Commons, are not checked nor re
buked for their expressions of dissent from the pol
icy that has forced the war on the two South African
republics. It is a strange situation. While Ameri
can imperialist newspapers are telling our citizens
that it is unpatriotic in them to express sympathy
for the Boers, Englishmen in all walks of life are
showing sympathy and freely expressing it.
In this we do not refer to the Irish members of
the Hou-e of Commons, who habitually go to the
extremes in criticism of England that seem to be war
ranted by seven centuries of oppression to their
country. They stand apart from the Englishmen
who arraign the policy of Chamberlain and Cecil
Rhodes. Mr. Stanhope. Mr. Evans and Sir William
Vernon Harcourt, in the Commons, have announced
that while they will support the Government in the
prosecution of "this unhappy war," they regaod it
as unjustified and wrong.
Harcourt said: "The British nation has a right
to know what the proposals of the Government are.
The Government has no right to involve the nation
in a war in the dark. I disassociate myself altogether
from responsibility of any kind for the measures
which have led to this war, though I am prepared to
support the Government in the unhappy conflict in
which we are engaged." Mr. Stanhope, of one of the
most distinguished families of England, which has
furnished soldiers and sailors and scholars to build
up the glory of Great Britain, said: "The British
High Commissioner in South Africa, Sir Alfred
Milner. is lacking in the qualities necessary to a dip
lomat in his position. I am convinced that the Sec
reu.ry of State for the Colonies and the British Pligh
Commissioner have for the last two years been fully
determined that war and war only should end this
crisis, and that they have worked for this consum
mation during the last year."
In this position there is a lot of hard-headed Eng
lish sen-e and that kind of sturdy patriotism which
may have to interfere to r-ave the empire from itself.
rlishmen are not misled by specious talk
about destiny and the Providence of God. They pro
to <!ra.c into daylight the machinations which
have involved the country in war.
They are patriots of the style of Charles James
Fox. who during the American Revolution said in
the Commons: "The noble Lord who moved the
amendment said that we were in the dilemma of
conquering or abandoning America. If we are re
duced to that lam for abandoning America. I c^n
not^«onscienti(!us!y agree to grant any money for so
destructive, so ignoble a purpose as the carrying
on of a war commenced unjustly and rted with
no other view than to the extirpation of free I
They have th< Imund Burke, who in
Parliament said: "You simply teil the American
colonists to lay down their arms, and then you will
do just as yon please. Could the most cruel
queror say k-ss? Had [uered the devil him
self in hell con. iberal?" ■
They are Englishmen like Chatham, whose son
resigned his commission in the army rather than
fight against self-government in America, and who
said in the House of Lords in the second year of our
Revolution: "We have tried for unconditional sur
render; try what can be gained by unconditional
redress. This country has been the aggressor. You
have made descents upon their coasts; you have
burned their towns, plundered their country, made
war upon the inhabitants, confiscated their property,
proscribed and imprisoned their persons. I do there
fore affirm that, instead of exacting unconditional
surrender from the colonies, we should grant tliem
unconditional redress. I would sell the shirt off my
back to assist in proper measures, properly and wisely
conducted; but I wo\ild not part with a single
shilling to the present Ministers. TheirJ plans are
founded in destruction and disgrace. It is, my Lords,
a ruinous and destructive war; it is full of dangers;
it teems with disgrace and must end in ruin. If I
were an American a> I am an Englishman while a
foreign troop was landed in my country I would
never lay down my arms! Never! never! never!"
A session of the American Congress is approach
ing. Let us hope that it will vindicate the belief that
American liberty of expression is no less than that
liberty was in England a century and a quarter ago,
and no less than it is now.
THE SITUATION IN CUBA.
GENERAL WILSON'S report to the War De
partment on the situation in the provinces of
Matanzas and Santa Clara, in Cuba, which are
under his command, affords nothing of encourage
ment to the annexation schemers. The General de
chres the provinces are orderly and free from dis
turbances. "The Cubans," he says, "have received us
everywhere, and at all times, with every evidence of
friendship, and in most localities with a cordiality that
indicates genuine gratitude. The Cuban army has
given no trouble: it maintained order until relieved
of the responsibility. It? members had generally been
disbanded and gone to work before the United States
sent out its paymasters with the money allotted to
them from the treasury. One newspaper at Cien
fuegos. claiming to speak for the Cuban army, but
actually the mouthpiece of a few dissatisfied officers,
has been at times incendiary in its utterances, but the
department is absolutely tranquil, life and property
are safe, and there is probably less crime and disorder
here than in any State in the Union."
Commenting upon such evidences of discontent as
arc to be found he says: "The feeling of unrest in
these two provinces is due mainly to the suspicion
that we do not intend to live up to the voluntary
pledge contained in the joint resolution of interven
tion. This feeling is, perhaps, on the increase, and
is encouraged by political agitators and newspapers.
So far as I can discover, the Cuban people in the
provinces of this department are now as ready for
self-government as they are likely to be at any time
in the near future. It is my deliberate judgment that
any other course will involve unnecessary delay, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
will be accompanied by a further de-crease of .that
feeling of friendship and gratitude which the Cuban
people now entertain toward the United States, as
well as by a lack of confidence in the business future,
and by a continuance of the depression in the agri
cultural and commercial interests of the island, if not,
indeed, by an actual increase of local disorder."
i So strong a statement coming from an official of
such rank ought to have much effect in counteracting
the ambitions and the greeds of the men who would
like the United States to break faith in order to bring
about the annexation of Cuba. Since the people de
sire self-government and are fitted for it, and since
the only cause of unrest is the fear that we intend to
deprive them of it, the best policy we can pursue in
the matter is to be true to our traditions and our
principles. We entered upon the war with the
avowed purpose of making Cuba free and should do
that as promptly as possible.
* — »— — — —^—
THE NEED OF MORE SHIPPING
SHOULD any new argument be needed to urge
Congressional action in favor of American
shipping it can be found in the circumstances
of the time. The demand for transports by the
United States for the Philippine service and by
Great Britain for service in carrying troops and
munitions of war to the Transvaal has so reduced the
available tonnage of the merchant marine of the two
countries that there is a scarcity of ships for the re
quirements of commerce, and as a consequence the
rates of ocean freights have advanced.
Recent advices are to the effect that the advance in
British grain rates on the Atlantic since the Trans
vaal war began has been six cents a bushel. That
means of course our people will receive that much
less profit from the grain they send abroad. That
much of increased tax for transportation purposes
has been placed upon the output, and nearly the
whole of it goes to European ship-owners, for they
carry upward of 90 per cent of our total imports and
exports.
If such be the result of a contest between Great
Britain and a small inland country like the Trans
vaal, it is easy to foresee that the effect upon our
commerce and our industries of a war between the
British and some great power would be tremen
dously disastrous. With our ocean carrying trade in
the hands of foreigners we are exposed to risks in
every foreign war. Anything which diminishes the
available merchant ships of those nations would be
| almost as hurtful to us as to them. .
Our experience during the war with Spain showed
how important to a nation it is to have a merchant
marine of sufficient extent to render transportation
service to the Government when the emergencies of
war make it necessary. Notwithstanding the Spanish
war was comparatively slight, the United States was
sorely hampered by lack of transports. It would
have been a serious impediment indeed had Spain
been in condition to wage a longer or a more deter-
mined resistance to our arms.
All these recent experiences point to the one con
clusion. The upbuilding: of an American merchant
marine is not a mere matter of sentiment, but a work
rendered imperatively necessary by the conditions
of the time. The peace of Europe is by no means se
cure. There is no telling when war may break out.
It is folly, therefore, to leave our commerce exposed
to the hazard of such wars. It must be remembered
that the welfare of almost every one of our indus
tries depends on commerce. A rise in the rates of
ocean transportation is a tax on the producers of
all staple articles and on all sorts of exports. There
is but one safe course to pursue. Our industries and
our commerce should be rendered independent by
the prompt upbuilding of a merchant marine ade
quate to all the needs of our people.
AT the time the conservative Democratic leaders
were making such vigorous efforts last sum
mer to devise a platform and find a leader
for a united Democracy, there was a good deal of
speculation as to what the gold standard Democrats
: would do in the States where elections are to be held
this fall. What course they would have pursued had
the movement toward harmony met .with any success
it is of course impossible to say, but as it is the fol
lowers of Palmer and Buckner in 1896 appear to have
decided to cut loose from Democracy altogether for
a time at least and to vote a straight Republican
ticket.
Mr. James Caren of Ohio, who was chairman of
I the State committee of the sound money Democrats
I during the Bryan campaign, having been asked re
cently what he thinks the gold Democrats of that
State will do in this contest, is reported to have said:
"I would say that fully 80 per cent of them will vote
for Judge Nash. They say to us that this is a State
I campaign, and the money question should not be per
: mitted to cut any figure. That is possibly true, but
the campaign in Ohio this year is being fought on
national issues, one of which, as raised in the Demo
cratic State platform, is free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, independent of all
I the other nations of the. earth, and the demand for
\ the renomination of Bryan as the Democratic stan
dard bearer in 1900. The one thing to be consid
ered is the important bearing an adverse result to
i the national administration this year in Ohio would
have upon the great national contest next year, with
j Bryan as the Democratic candidate and free silver
the issue." "
In Maryland so large a proportion of the sound
money Democrats are in favor of acting with the
Republican party in the campaign that a movement
has been started to organize them as an active and
effective force in the contest. The gold Democrats
well understand that a Democratic victory this year
would put their party organization and the State
patronage under the control of the Bryan faction. It
w.uld then be extremely difficult to win a sound
money victory in the Presidential campaign of next
year. They are not going to take such chances, and
accordingly will join hands with the Republicans for
the redemption of the State.
Such a course on the part of the sound money
Democrats is the inevitable consequence of the com
plete failure of all attempts to get rid of the Bryanite
leadership in their own party. It is now evident the
silver men have control of the Democratic machina
and of the Democratic masses. Men who understand
: the importance of sound finance and who are opposed
to intrusting the affairs of the nation to such irre
sponsible men as are now at the head of Democracy
can no longer act with that organization even in
State issues. Until Bryanism has been eliminated
irom our politics all conservative citizens must stand
together. There is no place for a side faction. The
only way to make sure of sound finance is to vote
for the Republican party and uphold it in every
■ election that comes, whether national, State or
i municipal.
This promises to be a good year to'start the move
ment for the storage of flood waters, for all prospects
point to the conclusion there will be an abundance of
it to experiment with.
THE GOLD DEMOCRATS.
The Lion (England)— Come inside, my dear friend.
The Pox (the Transvaal) — Thanks, but you must excuse me. I notice all the footprints point in your direction,
•while none returns. — From Life.
COMMENDS THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Rev. E. Nelander's Estimate of the Course of Popular
Education Now Running in the Paper.
San Francisco, Oct. 16, 1899. - •■'-"•p
Editor of The Call — My Dear Sir: [ ' jtifi
I add with pleasure my unqualified
commendation of The Call's Home
Study Circle. The range of sub- HL,
jects, the plan of study and the sm Hfejk^.>'
eminent corps of instructors can- Iffltk.
not but commend itself to every I
one. It is to be hoped that the HHHH
long winter evenings will be im- rev. b. nelahdbr,
proved by many in systematic home study ac- j
cording to the excellent plan of the Home Study
Circle .
Pastor First English Lutheran Church and
ex-President Bethany College.
MAKE THEM PAY THE WAR REVENUE TAX.
Senator Carter of Montana says that Congress did not in-
tend that Wells, Fargo & Co. and kindred corporations should
escape it.
Helena, Mont., Oct. 14, 1899.
Editor The Call, San Francisco, Cal.: Re- \
plying to yours of recent date, I beg leave to
say that it was the intention that the corpora-
tions and companies referred to by you should
pay the war revenue tax, and if not so provided
in the law, an amendment should be passed car-
rying into effect the original intent of the
legislative body. Truly yours,
t
CONGRESSMAN JONES OF WASHING-
TON SAYS THAT TELEGRAPH TOLLS
SHOULD NOT.BE RAISED TO MEET
THE TAX.
North Yakima, Wash., Oct. 16, 1899.
Editor The Call, San Francisco:
Yours of September 26 at hand on my re_J
turn home. Yes, the telegraph and express
companies should pay the tax and the law
| should be made free from doubt. Any raise
in telegraph rates should be prohibited also.
Very truly yours,
W. L. JONES,
Member Congress, North Yakima, Wash.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NONE AFTER IS:U— R., Paralta. Cal.
j No premium is offered by dealers for $5
< pieces coined after 1834.
DAVIS AND WIFE-B. F., City. When
Mr. and Mrs. Davis abandoned their pro
jected trip across the continent in an
automobile they returned to New York.
CARSON MINT-T. R.. City. In the
matter of the Carson mint defalcation,
James Heney was sentenced on the 24th
of December, 1895, to be imprisoned for
a period of eight years and to pay a fine
THE OLD FABLE.
of $5000, and on the sth of May. IS<XS, J. T.
Jones, who was also convicted, received
a like sentence.
POULTBY JOURNALS— C. B. W., Sac
ramento, Cal. There are poultry jour
nals published in California, one the
Fancier, at San Jopp, and the other the
Cultivator, at Los Ang-oles.
TO CHANGE AX ALLEY- G. P., Bak
| ersfield, Cal. If an alley was laid out hi
! a town and dedicated to public use, run
! ning from east to west", and it became de
sirnble to make a change and have an
I alley run from north to south, such could
be done by proceedings in condemnation,
and if it became desirable ' to close the
first alley the court in Its decree would
determine what should be done with the
land.
GAS DEPOSIT— N. D.. City. It has been
decided that a gas company has no right
to demand a deposit from a person desir
ing to have a meter , put in premises he
desires to occupy, but an appeal has been
taken from that decision and that has not
yet been determined, If you wish to go
to the trouble of a lawsuit you can make
a demand of the company to place a
meter in your premises, and if the com
pany does not do so within a specified
time you have a right to commence an
action for damages for failure to supply
you with gas.
» » ■
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. corner
Mason and California streets; open daily.*
. ♦ .
Every traveler ought to see Townsend"s
display of California glace fruits, 59c lb, in
fire-etched boxes. 627 Mrkt., Palace Hotel.*
. ♦ .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tiie
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
■ m ■
Yesterday's Insolvents
W. A. Taylor, wholesale salesman, Ala
meda City, liabilities $7730 71; no assets.
Solomon Rosenblum and Harry Rosen
blum, constituting the firm of Rosenblum
Brothers, San Francisco, liabilities $1959:
no assets.
■ ♦ ■
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Synip"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
Dther causes. For sale by drusgiFts in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, 'Jsc a bottle.
The Hock Island Wall Map of the
United States
Is the best offered to the public. It is very
large and specially adapted to school pur
poses. • Every teacher of geography and every
business office should have one. It will be sent
post paid to any address on receipt of fifteen
:ents in postage stamps or coins. Address John
Sebastian, G. P. A., Chicago, 111.
■♦ « 1
The Rock Island Playing Cards are the slick
est you ever handled. One pack will be sent
by mail on receipt of 15 cents in stamps. A
money order or draft for 50 cents or same in
stamps will secure 4 packs, and they will be
sent b> express, charges prepaid. Address
John Sebastian. G. P. A.. ,C. R. I. & p.,
Chicago.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
nf the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fljteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
— * ■ » ■ _
Regimental Band Concert.
The citizens' executive committee will
make arrangements for a by the
Thirty-first United States Infantry
unteers at Union Square Park next Sat
urday afternoon. This is in n
n communication received fr< n
James S. Pettit, who stated that the band
was desirous of playing in public before
it left for the Phi'linoines.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Fuel for Force
Your body must have
force, nervous force, mus-
cular force, digestive force.
Fat is the fuel used to
supply this force. If you
are weak in any of these
forces, use more fuel.
Thecod-liveroil in Scott's
Emulsion is the best fuel
for this work. Your nerves
grow stronger, your muscu-
lar power increases, and
your digestion improves,
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWXE, Chemists, New York.a  . MISCELLANEOUS.
W iXLXoO XiXjJuiIJN XiU U fc>.
|BBSKBBBKB9BBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBfIBBBBHBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBfIBBBBBBIBai
Dm
jjFwt^&g Bl \9 ajk \foJO S BflflV3# m miii fir hLmmP Eh 93 I BS
a —
I PATTOSiEN'S BIG STORE WILL BE ENLARGED.
B . v
B9
b ] ' * The phenomenal increase in our business, which
| ANOTHER ENTIRE BUILDING: has almost doubled since last year, makes greater
g To Be Added to the facilities absolutely essential at once. We have
E3 LJi£ Two-Acre Store. i , .t , .  . . _.
a ; leased the lot adjoining us on Sixteenth street ;
| * we are now erecting a building on same, which
r | will be added to this store, thereby taking in the entire block and making ours the
| Largest Furniture Store on the Coast Th s remarkable growth is due to selling
g only strictly reliable merchandise at much lower prices than our competitors. This
| Great Rebuilding Sale will bring you in touch with the
v
1 Lowest Prices Ever Quoted in San Francisco.
Q -
■
J
1 Furniture Bargains.
□ —
KJ Antique Oak Cane-seat Dining-room
n Chair, made with a high back and brao«
•5 ar- substantially constructed and neatly
H finished. They were $1 23. Our Af, ;
Xi Rebuilding Sale Price JUt
a —
Sixteenth Century Rockers, made with
fcj hijrh flat brace arms, pillow headrest, the
n klnl that always sell for $4 60 *£ «> f\f\
I During this Rebuilding Sal©.. OOtUU
EJ *
IS Solid Oak Extension Tablea, six feet long
» When extended, made with twisted under
supports an.l molded top rims; the regular
£* $10 kind. During this Rebuild- C"7 !X.i\
□ ing Sale i •d\J
»! -^__
QPu'l t\ze Sirglft-door Wardrobes, made of
finished Oak or Walnut, spacious inner
L H compartment and drawer In base, and
in neatly molded top rim. Our C/* f\f\
m Rebuilding Sale Price <I>O«UvF
B
□
■ P->lld Oak R>cker«i, mads with high backs
rg a-. . cane feats, bolted brace arms
££. End substantially constructed under sup-
*3 ports. Thry'ro the kind you pay $4 tor
L! everywhere. Our Rebuild- C«> l\C\
gB Ing ta!e Price tJ)O»VfV/
□ — — —
IT!
24-inch Square-top Center Tables, made
B of best Oak or Mahogany finished, fluted
a supports and spacious undershelf; sell
m everywhere for $2 60. Our Re- ci £» —
g building Sale Price t?««OO
E3
m Very handsome Couches, made on sub-
-18 stantinl Oak frames, body uphnlstered on
H a bed of Ft*fl springs and covered with
grade A velour, in a variety of handsome
Gu colors; regular^ sls values:. $12.00
E3 —
B Antique-fini.=hed 3-riere rtc-droom Suit.
r ' nently molded bedst-rirt. larj^e mirror In
m dresser. pj>nclous Fiilasher on washstand,
Haftur.l <2'i value. Our }£«- CT 15.50
, building Sale Price tpiO»OLf
E3
■i 3-Plece R«»droom Suit, made of F-leet oak.
finely polished and fin!?h^.l. The bed-
» stead is artistically carved, and the dresser
Ea Is fitted with a large bevol-plate mirror.
j*| This suit equals In every way the bedroom
grj suit you would be called upon to pay 13.i
j*2 for under other circumstances. Our Re-
Ej } : U ! M :^^.^:. :.::::::: $24.50
■ Ed
2r S-Ti-'ce Parlor Suit, mahogany finished
j* frames, comprising Tet^ R-Tete, Divan,
t2 Armchair anil two Side Chairs, nil excel-
-12 lently upholstered, on best steel springs.
H and covered In combination color? of tapes-
„ try; former price ?:n. Our G! Q"7 CC f\
■J R-bulidini? Sale Price OO * •*J\J
&
•J* 3-Piece Bedroom Suit, made of the very
Ja finest quality of select and quart tr-sa wed
B oak, massively carved case work: bedstead
ra beautifully designed, and the dresser Is
i. mounted with a French plate beveled-edged
■ mirror. The washstand is arranged to
■ ••. match dressor. and is fitted with a splasher
Rj back; a regular $60 value. C* Apz £\£\
« Our Upbuilding Sale Price <j>"T"t}«VrU
■
_ 5-P'ece Parlor fuit, mahogany veneered
S frairies. artistically carved and highly up-
-63 holstered, on a bed of imported duplex
CS steel springs, with spring edges, body coy-
EL «^"d with best silk damask, in choice com-
Eblnatlon colors; on honest ?75 velue. Our
T . Rebuilding Sale Price... \.. 862.50
■ .
YOU SAVE D A TTf|QICII ? C MISSION and
MONEY AT In I I UuELSI 0 16th Sts.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE GREAT LAUGH PROVOKERI
H^T^L CLOSES
f<?P%Y SATURDAY
T^RfrY wot.
Beginning SUNDAY NIGHT,
H'jYT'^ GREAT COMEDY SUCCESS.
"A IViILK WHITE FLAG."
Special comedy reason prices— sl. He, coo. 23c.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
AND MATINEE TO-MORROW.
THE SUPERB SUCCESS,
"FRA DIAVOLO"
Presented by an Incomparable Capt!
SATURDAY EVENING. LAST PERFORM-
ANCE OF
"OTHELLO"
Final Presentation Sunday Night of
"Cavalleria" and "Pagl^acci."
POPULAR PRICES— 2S AND SO CENTS
Tolf-phcne for Sr>!it.«. Mush C«
N<>xt Week- "LA BELLE HELENE." Octo-
ber 30th— 'L' AFRICA INK."
"GO WHERE THE CROWDS GO"
And "HELP THEM LAUGH.""
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
TREMENDOUS BUO ESS OF THE 25 CONEY
ISLAND NOVELTIES.
Dellclitod crowds voted every one a winner,
•ancctally the ghastly Third Degree Regions.
white Hl» Boyal Nibs, th? Devil, and his
mn!?lc wand will reign yupre.ne.
PROP] HILL, marvel of the bjjrh wire, daily.
10c— Admission to al! paru and ride— loc.
-^ New attractions to h- c intlnually led.
The Weekly Call, 16 Pages, One Dollar per Year
j
The Lace Curtain Sale
This sole will crowd our store with ,
buyers all week. No matter how !
economical you may intend to be
this fall you simply cannot resist !
the desire to possess those handsome
bargains from Prance and Switzer- I
and — the great collection ever se- !
BARGAINS FROM cui>d eVe our i
BnRGAINS FROM r e p res c nta-
FRANCE AND tives. Come
SWITZERLAND. before 11
awiUtKLAND. o'clock in the
morning if possible: it will give our
salespeople a better opportunity to
display the many items of interest
now ready for your Inspection. By
looking over the prices below you
will see that the cost is very moder- j
ite for these beautiful and excellent
Lace Curtains and Drapery stuffs,
PtiS^i~l)rapery
rs&yi Fabrics
TOY , m At Cost to
*'<£$ Manufacture
\ ** We will place |
\\ on sale to-morrow an impor- j
*k ter's surplus stock of French : j
85, Fabrics and the surplus stock | .
C Fabrics and the surplus stock ;
'£ of two manufacturers of 50- I
ki inch Drapery Fabrics — sev- \ (
f* eral thousand yards. The j
jgi prices are so low that the fin- ,
9 est fabrics are placed within
the reach of all. These bar-
gains shown on second floor: 1
50-inch Fabrics, sold at $1.50 yard, j
30-inch Fabrics, sold at $2.50 yard,
at $1.
JO-inch Fabrics, sold at $3 yard, at i
$ 1 ..'{.'s
50-inch Fabrics, sold at $4 yard, at I
$1.60. j
iO-inch Fabrics, sold at $5 yard, at
$2
iO-inch Fabrics, sold at $7.50 yard, ■;
at $2.50.
r ish Nets, Curtain Nets, figured and j i
plain. ."-"Id at 37^c, 45c, 50c and 63c
a yard; to be closed out at 2."» c
a yard.
Large Remnants, 2, 3, 4. 5 and 6
yards each, for Draperies, Furni-
ture and Hangings, closed out re-
gardless of cost.
rouch Covers and Oriental Curtains,
"odd," sold at $5, $7.50, $10 and
$12.50 a pair, to be closed out re- •
gardless of the cost: your choice:
each at $1, $1.50 and $2.
)dd pairs rich Oriental Portieres,^
also » silk brocaded and velour* *
hangings, to be closed out regard- i
less of the cost: sold at $10, $12.50,
$15 and $20 a pair: your choice at '
>iv, and 5*510 a pair.
Special orders for fine drapery work
executed by skilled workmen. !
See the Bargains in the Window, i
AMUSEMENTS.
DON'T MISS
AILLE. LOTTY
"Her act Is the prettiest and daintiest of Its
kind ever produced** — Leander Richardson.
J. W. WINTON, the Australian Ventriloquist.
TOM BROWN, the Black-faced Humorist.
FLORENZ TROUPE, Howard' Ponies. Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Haskins, La Page Sisters,
Little Elsie. Hawaiian Queens.
Reserved Seats, 2Sc: Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Beats, *.oc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
last 3 NIGHTS.
/gjsSSy MATINEE TO-MOR-
jlpsljL ROW AND SUNDAY.
. Ji| MASKED
nm BALL "
OIL && "THE THREE
<*&$? tt MUSKETEERS "
Seats Now Ready.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900 !
Winter Utetlng, beginning SATURDAY. Sep- j
tember 23. lias.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RaclPK Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Main or thine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start tit 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, '.', 2:30 and 3 p. in., connecting i
with trains stopping at the entrance to the I
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Uhell Mound. I
All trains "via Oakland Mole connect Kith San I
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and |
Broadway. Oakland Also all trains via Ma-
medn Mole connect with si. - Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In tic- '
teen minutes. <
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 an.]
4:45 t>. m. and lmmedlntely after the last race.
THOMAS H WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. p. MILROY. Secretary.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20. 1809.
IWSB
CQI fin Carved Sideboard; stands
$<JIiUU over 6 feet high and 4 feet
wide and has a bevel French
plate mirror and drawer plush lined for
silverware— one of those exclusive bar-
grains to be had only at Pattosien's
Great li- building Sale.
Carpet Bargains.
BRUSSELS CARPETS .">Oo
MOQUETTE CARPETS $1
AXMIXSTER CARPETS $1 . 1 ."»
VELVET CAR] 85c
BODY BRUSSELS #1.20
ROXBURT CARPETS S(»c
WOOL INGRAINS <{<►<•
LINOLEUM, PER YARD 40c
Rug Bargains.
BROMLEY'S REVERSIBLE RUGS— 9
feet long, 6 feet wide $7.50
10% feet long, 7% feet ... $8.50
12 feet long, 9 feet wide $14.25
CARPET REMNANTS— 50c, $1
and J>n.7.*> — your choice.
JAPANESE RUGS— The genuine lm-
ported Dantau — all sizes In stock —
$1.25 up.
220 rolls fine Japanese Matting at very
low prices to close out — liic 15c
25c and '.inc.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-MORROW ft 2:15 o'clock.
LAST NIGHT BUT TWO.
Of Qeoee'i Beautiful Comic Opera,
"NANOM."
MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Grand Society and Club Event
First Production on Any Stage of an Original
Comic O.nera by H. J. Stewart of this
City and Clay M. Greene,
Entitled,
"THE CONSPIRATORS."
SEATS NOW ON SALE. SECURE THEM AT
ONCE.
Price*, TO cts.. 35 cts.. 25 ota., 18 cts. 10 eta
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c'
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
CALIFORNIA THEATER^
noij!.
NANCE o'neil
AND COMPANY.
TO-NIGHT (FRIDAY)
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
SATURDAY MATINEE "MAGDA."
SATURDAY NIGHT.... "OLIVER TWIST."
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT, October 22d,
One Week,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
The Cleverest Musical Farce-Comedy Ever
' Written.
| A BREACH dfPROMISEj
Popular Prices "fie. BOc nnri 25c.
Matinees ...50c and 25c.
CONCEB'XS AND KESO>JTS.
CHiTE AIND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON ANT) EVENING.
MAJOR MITE. Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS, High Divers.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SATURDAY NIGHT. Reproduction of the
j Last Rnijnd of the CORBET;' -FITiKIMMi >\s
Flsht in conjunction with the JEFFRIES-
FITZyiMMONS Contest.
: Phone for Seats, Park 23.
Ptjt -cr fr^ /•» Painless treatment. Per-
.'l H 1 i T manent euro. Entire time
Sv H JU^ devoted to rectal dl*
|j I 1 vi I eases. References those
3. MJULd^J cured. No surgery. A J.
ATKINS. M. D., 935 Sut-
ter Btreet. San Francisco. 1
IN THE POLITICAL ARENA
HORACE DAVIS
FORCES AHEAD
IN THE FIGHT
Desertions From the
Democratic Camp.
Candidates on the McXab municipal
ticket are keeping a sharp eye on Mayor
Flielun's particular partisans in order to
detect the first signs of knifing in favor
of the head of the ticket. The manipu
lators of the McNab convention want the
whole works, but in the event of extreme
peril will sacrifice subordinate positions in
orai-r to grasp the gre«u power of patron
age which the new charter vests in the
Mayor.
The election of Phelan will entrench the
Committee of Cue Hundred and fasten 1
on the city of San Francisco a predatory
band of job chasers— the rawest lot of
greedy tax-eaters that ever feasted at j
the public crib. As an illustration of the I
raw work of the One Hundred, the fact j
may be cited that the ticket indorsed by |
the Pnelan-McNab convention was slated
as early as September 15— three weeks be- j
fore the delegates to the convention in- i
dorsed the slate. The leading patronage
positions on ihe ticket were given to the
Old followers of the Committee of One I
Hundred. The of September 15 pub- !
Ushed the slate, as Democrats may aacer- !
tain by reference to the files of this
paper.
Jt is needless to remind Democrats who
admire parts fealty that Phelan was
I last November at the sacrifice of i
Judge Maguire, the Democratic nominee I
for Governor. The friends of Maguire In |
this campaign may retaliate by tending
their support to Dr. Cleveland, the can-;
didate tor Mayor on the People's party i
-Many Democrats entertain the belief !
that thre election of Horace Davis would I
be better : r thi i ause of true Democracy
than the success of Phelan and the per
petuation "t' the Committee of One iiun
dr< ii. The Phelanits are Bhouting that
national issues should not be considered
in this municipal campaign, t>ut every In
: ral knows that McNab
and Phelan have, grasped the reins of the
cratic party in order to control the
organization through the agency of j
the Committee of One Hundred in li»0o.
r i :-.-• non-partisan note is uttered to de- j
ceive Republicans.
i'esteraay Information was received
by the Republican Campaign Committee
that the Democratic club at 808 Capp I
street, Thirty-fifth Assembly District.
bad resolved to support Horace Davis for
Mayor. 'i he president of the club is
es Worden and the secretary Carl
S
In ihe Thirty-first Assembly District
there is a movement among non-partisan
mil' hauts tr> organize a Horace Davis
Club. Many of the grocerymen purchas
ed mi from Mr. Davis during
the hard tiim-s of the sandlot agi
tation and ai a subsequent period of de
— .ii. His generous dealings are re
membered bj the merchants who were
alii.- to overci me the hard times, and de
sire to testify their appreciation of his
mercani He liberality.
There v. ill be a meeting of the execu
tive and campaign committees of the Re
publican Countj Committee ar headquar
. ! -, Baldwin Annex, this evening. Among
the speakers engaged for the mass-meet
tropolitan Hall, Saturday even
ire: Colonel T. V. Eddy, Lucius L.
Solomons, B. Myron Wolf and Horace
Davis. Kx-Sennior Eugene F, Bert will
pn side.
At headquarters in the Baldwin An
nex and at the rooms <>f the Horace
Davis Central Club. History building,
ialgn work is progressing. Encour
reports ore re< • Ived from the vari
ous districts. There will be no district
ne < tings Saturday, ac many of the voters
from the Mission, North Knd and West
ern Addition desire to attend the big
rally at Metropolitan Hall.
The outlook fur Republican success
grows Ihlklh.t as the contest proceeds.
Hundreds of Republicans who gave their
support to Phelan at two elections open
ly signify their purpose to work and voti
"or Horace Davis. They simply declare
that Mr. Davis is a clean, capable leader
against whose character as a public man
and private citizen nothing can be uttered
and who. as hi Is a Republican, is en
tlued to the support of Republicans
The Republican committ.e on purity
of elections held a meeting last night and
elected the following officers: Joseph Hy
man, president and treasurer: \ 'h
bimmons, vice president; Gus Casner, sec
retary.
DODGE FELT BADLY.
Assessor Told a Democratic
Auiience That He Has
Been Abused.
Mayor Phelan talked to his Democratic
neighbors out at the Mission last evening
He did not talk to all of them, for all of
them did not turn out to listen— fact,
the number of vacant chairs in Mission
Parlor Hall was almost as great as the
seats that were occupied. The Mayor did
not address his home constituents until
after he had finished explaining matters
to the voters of the Fortieth District
In the meantime the audience was held
by some spell-binding effusions from th»
other Democratic candidates, including
Franklin Lane and Washington bode*
All of them admitted that they were the
best men that the voters could select to
run the city's affairs under the new
charter. Not one of them denied that he
was Buffering to get into office
Dr. Dodge put a coating of frost on
whatever enthusiasm there was in the
audience previous to the arrival of the
Mayor. He brought his portable black
board with him and explained what a
perfect Assessor lie had been and would
continue to be If re-elect* d, and the au
dience slept. Nothing was just right but
himself, according to the Assessor's
statements. He said that the whole sys
tem of taxation was wrong, unjust and
arbitrary. Personal property gave him
the nightmare, because he could not lo
cate more than 10 per cent of it when he
felt it his duty to locate at least 50 p°r
cent. "Why. the people of this city have
only. two millions of ready cash, accord
ing to their statements to the Assessor
The banks have thirty-six million; to the
credit of depositors, and who thai other
thirty-four millions belong to is some
thing that has been puzzling me."
The Mayor appeared during this inter
esting part of the Assessor's address and
the audience sought relief in applauding
(heir standard bearer. When Dr. Dodge
came up for the second inning he paid his
compliments to The Call, Baying that the
paper had hit him below the belt when
he felt that he deserved being patted on
the back.
Mr. Phelan's speech was not a long
one, but contained some startling an
nouncements. While claiming all the
credit for the framing and adoption of
the new charter for the Democratic
party he did not neglect to assert that he
was' the only one entitled to enforce It
at the start off. ,
"This Is a business and not a political
campaign," he said. "The administration
or the war in the Philippines has nothing
to do with it. If McKinley came out
here and told you what you should pay
for your gas you would tell him to go
home and mind his own business. The
Republicans are making a desperate ef
fort to force national politics into this
campaign. They have no local p »Hey
and dare not come into the arena with
us. The people have no confidence in
them, for they are affiliated with the
grinding corporations. They are more
loyal to their friends than they are to the
city.
"Few of us can survive the atmosphere
of the City Hall. The continual charges
by the newspapers of the ..influences
brought to bear on the officials by the gas
companies and the water corporation
in many cases with good foundation
bring about a bad state of feeling
among the people and force them to
occasionally purge the entire City Hall."
Suffered a Hemorrhage.
Clarence Gray, a well known Police
Court practitioner, Buffered a severe
hemorrhage <>f the lungs at his resilience
(>4l Kddy street, last evening and was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
he now lies in a precarious condition. Dr.
McGettigan, the attending physician, has
Uttle hope for his recovery.
EXTRA SESSION
POSTPONED FOR
A SHORT TIME
Gage, Herrin and
Burns Confer.
Advocate? of an extra session of the
Legislature maintain that the proclama
tion calling the members together will oe
issued about the middle of next month.
Two weeks ago Governor Gage, W. F.
Jlerrin and D. M. Burns held a confer
ence in this city and discussed the extra
session subject. The Governor favored a
postponement <>f the matter until Nu
vember B— the day of the municipal elec
tion In San Francisco.
(The point was raised that if the extra
session proclamation should be issued be
fore the municipal election, and if by
any chance the local contest should re
sult in Democratic advantage, the Re
publlcan Governor would be held ac
countable for thai result It is said that
the proposition t>> postpone was not re
sisted by Herrin and Burns.
Th«- «'ali therefore predicts again that
the Governor will call an extra session of
the Legislature, although It is possible
that another postponement of the sub
ject may be taken to ascertain the sen
timent of the mr nl ted States Senate re
garding the admission of Quay on ere
! dentials of appointment by the Governor
of Pennsylvania.
D. M. Burns has not abandoned all hope
of election by the California Legislature
:in extra session. The claim is made by
! his followers that he can secure the sup-
I port of several members of the Legisla
i ture who voted for Grant at the last
-session, but as far as The Call is able
to ascertain Assemblyman Huber is the
only Grant man that has manifested any
i inclination to support Burns. On tho
: other hand, information comes that
I several members who voted for Burns
last winter have resolved to jump the
corral because they were thrown down
or "gold bricked" in the distribution of
promised State patronage. Gage is said
to be a little lukewarm toward Burns.
Major McLausrhlin is not so enthusiasti
cally in favor of thr Mexican as he was
last winter at Sacramento. Herrln is not
sure that Huntington will authorize the
law department of the corporation to en
-1 gaere in another Senatorial contest in
blundering opposition to the wishes of the
i people. By reason of these distressing
complications the Mexican's chances of
ess hnve not improved.
There is gossip in Southern California
thai Judge Fitzgerald of Los Angeles,
formerly Attorney General of California,
may be brought forward as a candidate
i at the extra session.
PHELAN AND DEMOCRACY
The Mayor Tells Republicans
That the Campaign Is oimply
a Non- Partisan Struggle
of Good Citizens.
The Democrats of the Fortieth Assem
bly District opened their ratification
meeting lasi night to the ominous strains
of "Just us the Sun Went Down." Syd
ney Van Wyck was introduced as the
chairman o£ the evening. He consider
ately declined to make a speech on the
ground that he is a good Democrat.
With that consoling assurance he pre
sented Mr. Osgood Putnam as the first
speaker of the evening. Mr. Putnam
consumed considerable time in telling his
hearers what Bplendld men are associated
with him on the Democratic Supervisor
ial ticket. As an aid to his memory
the speaker frequently referred to a
printed list of the names of the nomi
nees. One would suspect that the orator
was an auctioneer, so eloquently <l!d he
recite the virtues of his fellow aspirants.
K. I. Doolan was the next speaser and
entertained the audience with a some
what dreary autobiography. He promises
that he will be the best Tax Collector
ever elected. Lewis P. Byington follow
ed, and beyond tangling his feet in a
logical absurdity said nothing of more
than passing interest. He declared that
this is a campaign where men and not
principles are to be supported, and upon
the heels of that assertion he insisted
that the charter and not men is the great
Issue of the tight. Alfred J. Fritz was
given an opportunity to say that three of
the nominees for Police Judge are abso
lutely beyond reproach, and he will try
to be if given a chance. P. J. Curtis
■ -iled him and confined himself to
general praise of the ticket and a plea
tor success. The oft-repeated cry of the
charter was evidently beginning to pall,
At this point Mayor Phelan entered the
hall and was pres< nted, In the midst of
cl rs. as the next Bpeaker, As tne
Fortieth District is overwhelmingly Re
publican, the Mayor adapted his remarks
to the circumstances. In the Twenty
eighth District he knew nothing but I de
mocracy. Last night he knew no political
issues in this campaign. He knew neither
Republicans nor Democrats— only good
citizens Interested in municipal issues in
dependent of political divisions. He said
he knew in this campaign only two
parties, that which is against the* policy
he represents and that which supports his
principles. So he called upon all to vote
the Democratic ticket, which in this
struggle is in reality a non-partisan party,
whose n< minces will know no party but
that of progress. Having made this' plea,
the Mayor gave an exposition of the
charter and its scheme "f municipal gov
ernment. Events of the past year in offi
cial local circles were reviewed, monop
olies were denounced, municipal owner-
Bhip of public utilities was advoqated and
the Republicans as usual were denounced.
James 1". Booth followed the Mayor, and
in a graceful address won the gumi will
of his hearers. He Introduced a refresh
ing novelty and said nothing in praise of
himself. Hi spoke of the principles thai
h and his supervisorial associates repre
sent in this campaign, and asked the suff
rages of those who endorsed the position
for which he contends. Thomas K. Ryan
contributed the not least interesting
feature to the entertainment by singing a
sentimental song and following it with one
Of the COOII va: '■ ty.
Major Geary was even more fierce last
night than usual. His military record has
Involved a nerve-racking strain in a con
stant martial demeanor. "i'b<> major j«
still insisting upon a straight ticket. When
he sboke last night Assessor Dodge and
his charts had not arrived. Jeremiah
Deasy followed the major, but said noth
ing of significance. Dr. R. (Jeverly Cole.
Patrick tiojand, George H. Cabaniss and
Franklin K. Lane ("Unwed in quick suc
cession, and Assessor Dodge and the
charts closed the meeting.
WILL PURGE THE ROLL.
Election Commissioners Issue a Nuin-
ber of Citations.
The Board of Election Commissioners
met yesterday morning and appointed
the election officers to serve in the Forty
fourth and Forty-flfth Assembly districts.
The Commercial Publishing Company was
awarded the contract for printing sup
plemental resistors at lu 1 -.. cents a name.
'L'he Registrar was Instructed to locate
some city property where the election
booths, which are now stored at Channel
and Fourth streets, may be moved. J. F.
Kennedy -in a communication Hinting
thai he had been ordered to move the
frame building on the lot, as the Bail
Francisco and San Joaquin Railroad
Company would t;:ke charge of it on De
cember l. A monthly rental <>f $r>>i was
paid to Kennedy for the land.
Next Tuesday morning the Election
Commissioners will meet to consider the
cases of those who will be cited to show
cause whs their namea should not be
stricken from the roll, citations have
been issued to 5<H) individuals, and the
board will meet every day until its task
Is completed.
In the Divorce Court.
Emily Matilda Dauby has been granted
a divorce from Solomon J. Danby on the
ground of failure to provide. D. H. Glea
son has secured a divorce from Lizzie
Gleason on the ground of cruelty. De
crees of divorce on the ground of neglect
have been granted Anna Frances Ozlas
from Charles W. Ozias and Clara L. Ma
hon from Harry J. Mahon.
THR CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
Copyright. 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert BufhneH Hart, Prr.fppsnr John Baoh Me-
Moster, Professor Charles H. Smith, Dr. Frederic W. Si>eirs, Professor Andrew C. Mc-
Laughlin and others.
1. SAMUEL ADAMS.
By BERNARD C. STEIXER, PH. D.
To no one docs the cause of American
independence owe more than to this man
who with, invincible persistence and
shrewd farsightedness so conducted the
cause of those among the colonists who
opposed the taxation of Americans by the
British Parliament that a majority of all
the British subjects in each colony were :
willing to unite in declaring their inde
pendence from all foreign rule. He was a
typical puritan, upright, firm, determined,
religious, devoted to his cause, somewhat
narrow, but with the narrowness of the
sharp-edged sword. He was above all
else a politician— a professional and prac
tical politician. His early ventures in
business were unsuccessful. Ills malt I
house was soon closed, his tax collector-1
ship left him involved in debt, and, Jiv-I
ing on the small remains of his fath<r'sl
estate, he devoted the remainder of nisi
days to political life. Adams was of un-l
blemished in;"Kn:y.^^^^^^^^l
His means were sol
narrow that his fru-H
gal and devoted wifeH
was at times called
upon to aid in the
support of the fam-
ily, and he was in
debted to. friends for
the clothes he wore,
yet no temptation to
amass wealth ever
touched him. He
was ahove bribery or
influence by money.
Adams was a faith-
j ful son of MaFfß
i chusetts nnd Boston.
Until he went to the
j continental congress.
lln 1774, he seems
never to have left
his native State, nor
j Indeed to have ever
; prone any distance
I from his residence.
j Except for his jour
neys to attend the
various congresses
of which he was a
member, he seems
never to have gone
from home. Others
might hold fore'ern
embassies: for him
Boston was all-suf
ficient. Tn Boston his Influence was long \
supreme. The royalist Governor of Mas
sachusetts colony rightly called him "the
grand incendiary of the province." fur the
whole of Massachusetts was set on fin
by the Boston town meeting, and the
moderator and master of that meeting
w.is Samuel Adams. He did not enter
into public life early, but from 17C>. when
ho was first elected as a representa'ive
from Boston to the Great and General i
Court, to 1797. when he resigned the
Governorship of the State, his whole time
was devoted to th'> service of the people.
It was noted that he cared not '
social, scientific or religious matters with
friends; all his thoughts were on politics.
and in old atr.- his favorite theme was the
struggle with Great Britain, in which he
ha«l borne so groat a part. Upright him- i
self he insisted on civic virtue anrl strove
to draw promisng and able young men
into public service. His kinsman. John
Adams, and John Hancock, whose wealth
and social position were of great va.ue .
to the colonists, were two of those he j
introduced into politics.
Through a long career we find but little
to criticize in his actions from a moral
point of view. He was doubtless some
: what disingenuous in his treatment of the
letters of Governor Hutchinson and in
some of his arguments, but the wonder is
rather that in the heat of controversy he
was swayed so little from the path of ab
solute rectitude.
He cared not for personal advancement
and seemed to feel little bitterness when
the people set him aside for a time. Adams
trusted the people and believed that their
decisions as to men were right. To influ
ence their derisions as to measures he ap-
plied himself with the utmost vigor.
He was born in 1722 and was educated at
Harvard College, wrVere he took his bach
elor's degree in 1740 and his master's de
gree in 1743. Tt was afterward remem- !
ber«d, as a presage of his future, that his
master's thesis was an affirmative an
swer to the question. "Whether it be law
ful to resist the supreme magistrate, if |
the commonwealth cannot be otherwise
preserved."
When 2»: years of age he began furnish- ;
ing to the newspapers the first of that
long series of articles on government
which had so much effect. His style of ;
writing was clear and incisive, his argu- ;
ments were forcible and logical. Adams j
used few metaphors and quotations, his
writings were not graceful, but they w^re
never dull and they were always convinc
ing.
Adams always took a deep interest in
popular education, and his first public of- '■
fice was that of school visitor, to which
he was appointed in 1753. His whole
course of effort against Great Britain
was what we would call a "campaign of
education." He appeared chiefly to the [
iniellerts of bis fellow-citizens, though he
■ was too skillful to omit altogether the
| appeal to emotions. When the stamp act
! showed the policy of Great Britain to
j ward America he drafted his first public
i paper, a series of instructions to the peo-
J pie's representatives, adopted by the Bos
' ton town meeting May 21, 1764. He stood
i steadfastly for the principle of no taxa
tion without representation, and, unlike
• Otis, discerned from the first that repre
sentation of any sort in the British Par
; liament was impracticable. In these early
resolutions he claims that tho stamp tax
"annihilates our charter rights to govorn
i and tax ourselves. It strikes at our Brit- ■
I ish privileges, which, as we have never
I forfeited them, we hold in common with
j out fellow subjects who are natives of
j Britain. If taxes are laid upon us in any
• shape without our having a legal repre
sentation where they are laid we are re
duced from the character of subjects to
' the miserable state of tributary slave.?."
Adams advanced from this position bo as
to maintain, in 1773, that Parliament had
! no right to legislate for the colonies in
I America. The attempt of^the British to \
■ seize him and Hancock just before the
battle of Lexington was not a mistaken
one. He had been the very forefront of j
i opposition.
Adnms was prudent enough to see from
the very flrtt that Boston alone, or even
the whole of Massachusetts, could not en
dure successfully" the burden of the strug
gle with England. To secure even the
hope of success the co-operation of all
the other colonies was urressnry. In the
resolutions '■!" I7< ; -!. to whir-h we have re-
ferred, the necessity of united effort is
Btated thus: "As his Majesty's other
North American colonies are embarked
with us in this most important bottom,
we further desire you to use your en
deavors that their weight may be -.<■
to that of this province that, by the
united application of all who are ag
grieved, all may obtain redress." This
Insistence on the Importance of united
action was never lost by Adams. Ho oon
tinued to struggle for it. In I7«g he in
duced the Legislature to send a circular
letter to the other colonies. Massachu
setts was the chief offender, but she
struggled for a principle whose Impor
tance was equal to atrHhe colonies. We
! must never think of the colonies as actu
ally Buffering from oppression, though the
I strong language of their documents often
state thai aa a f;ict. What Adams strug
gled against was the validity of a doc
trine which would make oppression pos
sible. In that struggle he often thought
thai in t his time*of common distress it
would he the wisdom of the colonists
more frequently to correspond with and
to b( more attentive to the particular cir
cumstances of each other. "It seems of
late to have been the policy of the ene
mi< s of America to point their artillery
against one province only and artfully to
draw nff the attention of the other colo
nies, and. if possible, to render that single
province odious to them, while it is suf
fering ministerial vengeance for the sake
of the common cause. But it is to he
hoped that the colonists will be aware
of this artifice. At this juncture an at
tempt to subdue one province to despotic
power Is justly to be considered as an at
tempt to enslave the whole. The colo-
SAMUEL ADAMS.
ntes form one political body, of which
each is a member. The liberties of the
whole aru invalid, there-fore the interest
of the whole to support each individual
with all their weight and influence."
As the clouds thickened his masterly re
sistance to the ill-judged British policy
waa continued and the skill with which
he managed the colonial cause, keeping
within constitutional measures, was clear
ly shown. His newspaper articles, pub
lished as was the custom of the day under
somi such norn de piume as "Candide,"
did much to crystallize the opposition. His
idanj and biographi r. Wells, rightly
calls him "the true father of democracy
In America, whose Voice and pen were em
ployed for the common people; and he
labored to build up American liberty, not
by public measures, but by cultivat
ing an Individual independence of thought
among the working classes as the true
basis of national freedom." So successful
was he- in his control of the people and so
j well did he wield his power, that in 1770
Hutehlnson was obliged to withdraw from
town to the fort in the harbor the two
British regiments which had been en
gaged in that unfortunate affray known
as the Boston massacre. In the same year,
through his influence, the Assembly ap
pointed a committee of correspondence
"to communicate such intelligence as may
be necessary to the agent and others in
Great Britain, and also to the Speakers
of the several Assemblies through the
continent, or to such committee of cor
respondence as they have or may ap
point." This idea was still further carried
out by the more famous resolution of the
town of Boston in November, 1772, ap
pointing a like committee to "state the
rights of the colonists, and of this prov
ince in particular, as men and Christians
and subjects, and to communicate pub
licly the same to the several towns and
to the world, as the sense of this town,
with the infringements and violations
thereof that have been or from time to
time may be made." So strong was his
longing for confederation of all America
that he always sought to include Canada
in the continental combination.
The destruction of the tea in Boston
harbor was managed by Adams, and when
the port bill closed that harbor Adams
acted as the chairman of the committee
to distribute the donations which came
so generously from the other States. He
was a chosen member of the lirst Con
tinental Congress, and served in that body
for seven years, or nearly until the end of.
the war. Earliest of all the colonists he
longed for independence, and at one time,
discouraged by the slow progress of the
other colonies toward the acceptance of
that idea, he thought of a separate inde
pendent confederation of the New Eng
land colonies. He won, however, and had
tile joy of seeing the adoption of the reso
lution for independence introduced by his
friend, R. H. Lee.
With the achievement of independence
his chief work was done. There were still
twenty years of useful service ahead of
him, however. He was one of those who
prepared the articles of confederation,
and, in his service on the Marine Board,
Ulil much to build up the navy, for whose
needs, as well as for his State's interests,
he insisted on our preservation of our
rights to the Newfoundland fisheries. He
served at home, in his absence from Con
gress, as Secretary of State, and when the
State's constitution was prepared he sat
as a useful member of the convention.
After retiring from Congress we find him
in the Massachusetts Senate as strong an
opponent of Great Britain as ever and
bitter against allowing the Tories to re
turn. He was classed as an anti-Federal
ist, yet was convinced that the people
desired the adoption of the Federal con
stitution, and voted therefor in the rati
fying convention, while proposing amend
ments in the form of a bill of rights. He
was a stanch supporter of law and order
in the turbulent times of Shay's rebellion.
The people of Massachusetts honored him
to the last. A long standing disagree
ment between himself and Hancock was
made up in 17S8, and, after serving as
Councilor and Lieutenant Governor, he
succeeded to the Governorship in 1793, at
Hancock's death. By successive re-elec*
lions he held the post until 1797, when he
retired from public life. He died on Oc
tober 2. ]n'>3, having "through a long life
exhibited." as one of his friends said,
"on all occasions an example of patriot
ism, religion and virtue honorable to the
human character." ,
Note— A study of Patrick Henry by Dr.
Speirs will be presented next week.
St. John's German Church Fair.
The fair for the benefit of St. John's
German Church. 1315 Mason street, will be
held ai Washington Square Hall, comea 1
of Stockton and I'nion streets, on the
evenings ot October 2*. 21 and 28. The mu
sical programme will be conducted by the
Rev. *J. B Mangold. The committee in
charge will consist of Mrs. Oetzel. presi
dent of the Frauen Verein: Mrs. L. Buck,
vice president; Mrs. Riemer. secrftarv;
Mrs. J. S. Mangold, treasurer: Mrs. Binz.
Mrs. P. Johnson, Mrs. F. Klotz and Mr*.
Zaun,
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat weaker and dull. Barley alstfdull, but higher.
Oats and Rye firm. Corn weak under larger arrivals from the
East.
Damaged Hay selling at a liberal discount. Choke stock firm.
Beans' still advancing under a heavy export demand.
Onions firmer and Sweet Potatoes lower.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs hold up to the good prices.
Poultry and dame easy and rather quiet.
Lemons advancing again. Melons and table Crapes dull and
weak.
Nothing new in dried fruit.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Hides active and firm.
Charters.
The Senia loads coal and coke at this port i •
for Santa Rosalia.
The Verajean loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, option of Cape Town or Delagoa
Bay.
The Hide Market.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. Fays:
"The hide lousiness has bern very active
<Jur!rK th- past month, and sales have been
ir.a'de liberally at full prices. V, - e might say
that the ilide market shows to-day higher
values than ever before known In the history
of the Hide trade. The general business In
raw matt-rial is very active, an.l hides there
fore follow the trend of the general market
and are pushed up to very liberal figures.
The present values will probably last until
the long-haired and winter hides are coming
in As such hides make a smaller percent
age of leather than tht- summer Hides, values
naturally will be a triile lower. We do not,
however, look for any special decline in the
market for some time to come. Tanners are
bu>inK freely and there are no stocks of
Hides on the'market. Harness, skirting and
enie leather have been sold in quantity at fair
prices, and the better grades of Hides, those
that are well taken care of and in good con
dition, command high figures. Wet salted
heavy strers are in demand for harness and
Fole;» leather. Wet Falted medium and light
steers s'?ll freely. Wet salted cows bring full
prices. Wet salted kip. veal and calf are
firm and rule at liberal values. Pry Hides
during the past month have shown advancing
rates, as the markets In New York and Bos
ton have been very firm at high figures. We
quote the summer and medium Peer Skins as
very active, anj the winter, poor or thin
Fkitis are in demand. Goat Skina are more
quiet than any goods in our line, but show
pome better values than heretofore. J)eer
Fkins are very active and follow the general
rule of advancing markets."
Exports of Produce.
Exports of produce and merchandise, from
this port during the first nine months of the
year were $2.^,935.:;00, against $25,075,600 during
the same time tn IS9S. the principal amounts
being as follows: To Atlantic ports, 51,733,400;
Great Britain. $r>.53.",2iV»: China. $2>6<.400:
Japan. J2,771.2i»); Australia, $1,152,000; Mexico,
41,023,400; Central America, $1,061,500; Ha
waiian Islands, J6.464.300.
Weather Report.
(12«'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 19. 5 p. m.
Tri" following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California, to-day:
Eureka ; San Diego 66
Fresno "S j Pacramento K$
Los Angeles 71 Independence 72
RM Xluff 6S|Tuma S4
San Luis 01.15p0.... «$>
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature, j
60; minimum. 56; mean. ."'.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy is off the
mouth of the Columbia River. The pressure
at Astoria is 29.2S inches. There has been
but little change in pressure along the coast
north of Point Concepclon. Reports are miss
ing from Point Reyes, Eureka, Furt Can by,
Neah Hay anl Port Crescent.
Southeast storm signal is continued along
the coast from San Francisco northward.
Rain has fallen from San Francisco north
ward. The following maximum wind veloci
ties are reported: Astoria, forty miles per
lour from the youth: Portland, twenty-eight
from the south: lied Bluff, forty-two from the
Foutheast: Sacramento, thirty from the south; i
Carson City thirty-si.x from the southwest;
Winnemucea, forty-eight from the south; Poca
tello thirty-six from the south; Baker City,
twenty-elcht from the southwest. North bound
vess. is are warned of heavy weather outside.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight October 20:
For Northern California— Rain Friday; high
southeasterly, changing to southwesterly
winds- cooler in the vicinity of Sacramento.
For Southern California— Cloudy Friday;
threatening In the mountains; fresh south
southwest winds.
For Nevada— Rain; cooler Friday In central
and northern portions; fair In southern portion.
For Utah— Rain Friday afternoon and night;
C For ' Arizona-Cloudy Friday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Showers
Friday: southeasterly, changing to high south
weyterly -winds.
ALEXANDER M ADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
rk Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. —The stock market
showed signs of continued strength during the
early part of the trailing and the covering
movement among a large outstanding bear in
terest continued in active force. The profes
sional opponents of the bears did all they could
to take the marktt away from them by bid
ding up prices, picking out Individual stocks
for that purpose to increase the appearance of
Ftrength in the market. As the demand from
the hears fell off later in the day, the fact
began to emerge that there was no very eager
demand for stocks amung the public at large
and prices began to clip downward. Seeing the
hesitancy of the advance, the bears took re
newed courage and put out new short lines.
The fall in prices was considerably acceler
ated during the last hour, and the demand to
cover at the decline was sufficient to cause
only a feeble rally. The closing was barely
Steady and the earlier gains were practically
all wiped out. The Call in prices from the top
level reached a point or over In a large num
ber of prominent railroad stocks, and in some
of the industrial specialties ranged from one
to over three points. The railroads running
through the southern region came Into some
prominence late In the day on account of the
general activity and prosperity of business In
that locality and tne relatively larger increases
In earnings shown by its railroads. Illinois
Central. Louisville and Nashville, Southern
Railway preff-rred. Norfolk and Western pre
ferred and Chesapeake and Ohio all showed
benefit frum this cause, an the gains estab
lished were bettor maintained than at other
points. Individual strength was shown also
by Colorado and Southern first preferred,
Tennessee Coal, the International Pap
stocks. Northern Pacific, the Hocking Valley
stocks. New York. Chicago and St. Louis first
preft-rred, American Car, American Linseed
Oil and Chicago Terminal. Pullman reacted
sharply after its prolonged advance, receding
an extreme nine points and losing 4Vi net.
Consolidated Gas fell 4 1 , i. but partly recovered.
The local traction stocks and Sugar were sharp |
sufferers in the late weakness. The reaction
was as much without explanation as yester
day's advance and could only be attributed to
the cli Ring up of professional operations. Call
money ruled at 5 per cent tor most of the day,
but stiffened to <" per cent before the close.
The coming hank statement is the subject of
surmise and observers are unable to figure on
any Improvement. The movement of money to
the interior shows some falling off, but still
continues in that direction on balance, and
the course of New York exchange at several !
Important points continues downward. The
i.ub-ireapury has taken more from the banks
and the applications for anticipated interest on
Government bonds have proved entirely insig
nificant. With no gain in cash resources from
any source, the condition of the banks could
only have been strengthened by a further con
traction in loans. The actual rate for de
mand sterling bounded up a full % to-day.
Cotton Mil* continue exceedingly scarce and
the demand for exchange quite large. This de
mand '.s attributed in part to the require
ments for remittance on account of the conver
sion of Central Pacific securities. The possi
bility of gold exports depends upon how
much further this demand shall extend. The
rate for demand sterling Is now only Vio under I
that at which gold went out earlier In the year.
There was a notable broadening in the bond
market, many quiescent issues coming into ac
tivity. The tone Is generally strong. Total
sales, par value, $2, 120,00f1.
United States Ss advanced % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing I
Sold. Bid.
S.S.vi A t oh I 20%
24.1 V; Atchison prefd 63"t, !
550 Ball re 6 Ohio 52%
Canadian Pacific i'2\
110 Canada Southern 51%
Central Pacific
1.420 Chesapeake & Ohio ; 25%
300 Chicago Great Western 14
7.220 Chicago Burlington & Quincy ISO-%
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 11%
3f«o Chicago Iml ,v Louisville prefd 43
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois <<:.
1.210 Chicago <fc Northwestern IT" 1
-4.2.'0 Chicago Rork Island & Pacific 112 l 3
2. 1 00 C C C & St Louis 5814
SOO Colorado Southern 4%
1,090 Colorado Southern Ist preld 46 ■•
240 Colorado Southern Id prefd 16
600 Delaware A: Hudson 121%
7. "Sri Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. lsy%
1.600 Denver & Rio Grande 21
50-1 Denver & Rio -".ran ie prefd "
400 Erie 13
100 Krle Ist prefd 36%
I.o<<rt Great Northern prefd 172
200 Hooking Coal IS'4 :
1.240 Hocking Valley 32
2.C57 Illinois Central 113%
lowa Central l?,'i
lowa Central prefd 56%
620 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 8
Lake Erie & Western 18
Lake Erie & Western prefd ■ •',
Lake Shore 20.i
13,145 Louisville & Nashville 82T4
11.530 Manhattan Elevated 107%
u.SuO Manhattan Street Railway l!<3>i
1,000 Mexican Central 13%
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 72
Minneapolis & St Louis prffd 95
2.300 Missouri Pacific 44 .
250 Mobile & Ohio 45
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12 1 ; j
I.WiO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 3Mi I
2.Ct"'o New Jersey Central 119 i
4.210 New York Central 135%
2 100 Norfolk & Western U%
2,450 Norfolk & Western prefd fi^i |
14, C25 Northern Pacific 53 1
-1,090 Northern Pacific prefd 7."i !
1.400 Ontario & Western 24U
Oregon Railway & Nay -42 " I
si"O Oregon Railway & Nay prefd T';:
--2.525 Pennsylvania 131
Reading 2"* i j
6,500 Reading Ist prefd 58 |
1.000 Reading 2d prefd 31% j
Rio Grande Western 37> a j
Rio Grnade Western prefd SO
200 St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
100 St Louis & Pan Fran Id prefd 36 |
600 St Louis Southwestern 18% I
2.200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
13.150 St Paul 12", l 4
200 St. Paul pref.l 171
St Paul ; rel I 171
22.410 Southern Pacific 37 3 i
3.500 Southern Railway ll"i
9,100 Southern Railway pr-fd i>3»i
2.2(0 Texas & Pacific l.'i
13.570 rnlon Pacific 43%
3.450 In! Par-ific prefd 7H*k
Wabash - 7V4
1,000 Wabash prefd 21
500 heeling & Lake Erie 11
1,050 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 30 j
100 Wisconsin Central 16 !
Express Companies—
... Adams 114 I
American 14S
United States 51
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
1,646 American Cotton Oil 44<j
American Cotton Oil prefd 95 !
American Malting ,13
4."'"> American Malting prefd .'6
500 American Smelting & Refng ?fi
1. -•■•> American Smelting & Refng prefd.. SCU
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 20
1.000 American Steel Hoop 42U
100 American Steel Hoop prefd "■}•'•,
6.4'> i American Steel A Wire 50%
/ 500 American Steel & "Wire prefd :<r,u
200 American Tin Plate 37
215 American Tin Plate prefd s.V;
14, 350 American Tobacco 120
American Tobacco prefd 143' i
2,62.". Anaconda Mining Co 4M4
63,340 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83
2.420 Colorado Fuel & Iron f,4%
2,!<55 Continental Tobacco 42
?.<V) Continental Tobacco prefd 92
5.050 Federal Steel 54
BS3 Federal Steel prefd 77":,
2.150 General Electric 119%
I,:' 6'> Glucose Sugar f>6
Glucose Sugar prefd 101
I.O<V) International Paper 21 7 g
1.210 International Paper prefd 70
1,492 Laelede Gas 73»j.
100 National Biscuit 42
National Biscuit prefd 97%
200 National Lead 2'
267 National Lead prefd 108%
2,010 National Steel 49%
200 National Steel prefd '.<v .
100 New York Air Brake 14.
200 North American 12 S {.
Pacific Coast 47U
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S6
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6".*:
1,400 pacific Mall 88%
18,260 People's Gas ni' 2
160 Pressed Steel Car 66%
14,287 Pressed Steel Car prefd 89
Pullman Palace Car 19s
Standard Rope &Twine 6'J
46.690 Sugar 144%
Sugar prefd 117
6,330 Tennessee Coal & Iron in
6,870 United States Leather vu 3 '±
LBOO United States Leather prefd 77
100 United States Rubber 45%
United States Rubber prefd 112
IPO Western Union S7.V
460 Republic Iron & Steel .. 26V4
250 Republic Iron & Steel ~i)u,
P C C & St Louis 72%
427,800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 69
do Ss 107% ; do 4s '(314
do 3s coup 108% IN V Cent ism .111%
do new 4a reg...128% N .1 Cent gen 5s 119
do new 4s c0up. .129% No Carolina 65.. 127
do old 4s reg lll'.ii do 4s 104
do old 4s c0up. ..112 No Par lsts ..*.." 113
do 5s reg 110%] do 3s " ' c',%
do r.s coup 112% do 4s '"l"";
Dirt Col 3.65s 117 N vC& St L 4s.'ior,
Ala class A 1)0 !Norf ft W eon 4s 92%
do B 110 1 do gen 6s 13.-,
do C 103 Or Nay lsts 113
do currency 100 j do 4s 10314
Atchlson gen 45.. 99 Or B Line 65.. "LOS
do adjt 4s 87 | do eon 5s .. 115
Can So 2ds log Reading gen 45.... S7U
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95 H Q \V lsts P6U
do ■'-■< 118% St L & I M eon Ss.lio'
i. & N W con 75.. 145 St L & S F gen 63 124\
do S F dab 55.. ..105& Bt Paul cons .. 1.;.
"hi Term 4:. M rt PC & P Ist l"iii
V & R G lßts 105 do Es .. '12054
do 4s 93 Bo Rj 6a .....'.. "los'i
E T Va & G 15t5.. 103% B Rope 4 T 65.... SO
Erie gen 4s 70%: Ten n new set 35.. 95
Ft W & D c Ist.. 73 Texas & Pac l«ts 114%
Gen Elec 5s 112 do Ms  eg
GHAS A6s 110 Onion Pac 4s ..."m.TU
do 2ds 108 jWabash lsts 115%
H & T Pen Si 110%! do 2ds innxl
M con 6s 110 [West Short 4s ..'."ll'H
lowa Cen lsts 116 Wla Cent lsts .. 7^14
X C P & G lFts.... 71%)Va c««t .... " s'fiu
La new con 4s ....106 I do deferred 5
L & Nash unl 45.. 99% Colo & So 4s .'.'.'.' 85%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 2S Ontario 7 so
Crown Point 15 Ophlr " 77
Con Cal & Va 1 SO Plymouth '...'.' .'.'.' .'" 08
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 1 50
2 j v ld A. Curry 3 " »° prefd.....:::: 660
Hale & Norcross... 35 Sierra Nevada. 55
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 68 Union Con ."...- 35
Mexican Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND HDXDS
Money- ;-vvest End.... 0414
Call loans g«_ Do prefd...... Yls
Time loans &<&6 iWestnghs Elec ::::: 46
( Stocks— Bonds—
AtCb T & St Fe... 20%! Atchlson 4s 9 «
! Do prefd 63%! Mining Shares-
Amer Sugar 144% (Adventure fiti
I>o Prefd Allouez Co.'.'.'. 4%
THE SAX FEANCISCO'CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
Bell Tele 368 Atlantic 26%
Boston & Albany. .249 Boston & Mont 343
Boston Elevated. 106% Butte & Boston... 69
Boston & Maine. ..l 99 ! .'alumet & Hec1a..745
Chi B & Q 130% Centennial 23%'
Fltchburg prefd.. .l79 Franklin 16% "
Gen Electric 119 Humboldt 1%
T>o prefd 139 Osceola Sl%
Federal Steel 54 Parrot 44
Do prefd 7S Quincy 153
Mcx Central Santa Fe Copper.. 10%
Old Colony 205 Tamarack 215
Old Dominion 29 Winona *!\
Rubber 4',V< Wolverines 89%
Union Pacific 43% Utah 86%
Union Land 5 '
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. Money on call steady
at A\»!tiC< per cent: last loan. 4% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 6%®6 per cent. Sterling ex
change strong, with actual business In banker*
bills at $4 87' ■* I 87% tor demand, and at $4 83%
(J/4 83% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84@4 SS;
commercial bills, S4 82%©4 83; silver certificates,
67%<jj ) 59c; bar silver, 57% c; Mexican dollars. 47c.
Government bonds firm; State bonds weak;
railroad bonds firm.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $287,811,147; gold reserve,
$254,505,201.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram Bays: The
markets here were idle to-day except in African
mines in the afternoon, which were set boom
ing by false reports of a battle in South Africa,
in which 2000 Boers were killed. American se
curities opened rather above parity, became
stagnant and then advanced on New York buy
ing, causing a firm close.
New York took bonds and Northern Pacific
and Union Pacific. Spanish fours were 61; Tin
tos, 48%; Anacondas, 9 11-16. The Bank of Eng
land bought £160.000 gold In bars and £16.000 In
French money. Money was still very easy.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 19.— Canadian Pacific, 95%;
Union Pacific preferred, 78%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 7; Atchlson. 21%; Grand Trunk. 74;
Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver steady, 26% d; money,
l l ifa2 per cent.
«
New York Grain and Produce.
,t> — •♦
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts, 24,
--495 barrels; exports, 3o44. Low grades continued
very firm, being scarce, while the higher
grades were in good supply and freely offered.
Closed steady. Minnesota patents, $3 95@4 10;
winter extras, $2 55@3.
WHEAT — Receipts, 16.255 bushels; ex
ports, 127,639. Spot steady; No. 2 red
7(J ! , 8 c; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79Vic
f. o. b. afloat to arrive new; No. 1 ,
hard Duluth, 80% cto arrive; No. 2 red, 73% c
elevator. Options opened weak at a decline of
'.ie, cables being unsatisfactory and speculative
support small. Later the market firmed up
and became mere active on small Northwest
ern receipts and following corn, which caused
active local covering and led to an advance 01!
S*c from the lowest point of the day. Buying
was checked; however, by an unexpected in
crease In the supply next Monday. Closed
firm, net '.: ! - decline. March, 79Q7!Hic,
closed 79UC; May, 798-16®79%c closed 79V<c;
May, 79 3-lCc, closed 79Vic; December, 75 7- 1-1 .1
7,". 15-I6c, closed 75"» c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL Quiet.
HIDES Firm.
METALS— Lead took a turn for the better
to-day, but the other departments of the local
market suffered from neglect. Spelter, in fact,
showed positive weakness under . generous of
ferings. Copper was heavy, with buyers con
spicuous by their absence. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON — Warrant! dull and nominal
at 118.
1 LAKE COPPER Easy with sellers at $18 25.
I TlN— Pull with $31 7:. bid and $81 «5 asked.
LEAP— Steady at $4 60 bid and $4 66 asked.
SPELTER Weak, with $5 35 bid and $5 45
asked.
j The brokers' rice for lead is $4 40 and for
I copper $18.
1 COFFEE— Options closed steady, 10 to 25
points higher. Sales. 51.000 bags, Including No
vember. $."' r ir> OS; December. $5 16@5 20: Jan
uary. $5 2.".; February, $5 "■ ■"<;' 33; March, $.'> 20
(i(."i 40: May, .s.'» 45; July, $5 50: August, $5 66®
5 60; September, t~> WftS 65. Spot coffee— Rio
strorg, prices nominal; No. 7 Invoice, sc; No.
7 jobbing; 6'ic. Mild— Firmer; Cordova, 6%
fllis 4 c.
SUGAR— firm and held higher; refined,
steady.
lU'TTEß— Receipts. 1225 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 17@24c; June creamery, 13
®21% c; factory. 14%@17e.
; Receipts, 9011 packages. Dull; West
; crn, ungraded at mark, 14'iilSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
! NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— California dried fruits
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@7
prime wir*> tray, 7\®Bc; choice, B\4SS>^c;
i fancy. S'4.ff?9o.
PRUNES V (?iß%c
i APRICOTS— RosaI, 13(7f14c; Moorpark, 15018 c
PEACHES Peeled, 20fj22c; unpeeled, 6%@10c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— Tn spit* of the dimin
ishing receipts there was a poor demand for
cattle to-day and prices declined 10(gl5c. Good
to fancy grades sold at $5 SOfl'e 85; common to
medium steers, $1 25@6 7".; Btockera and feed
ers. $2 :,d'm SO; cows and bulls, sL"r< 1 25; Texans
$3 SOS-4 15; calves, M 25-57 40.
Trade in hogs was quite animated, prices ad
var.cing 2' L '>'»'. Fair to prime lots, $4 25H?
4 45; heavy packers, $3 85@4 22%; mixed, $4 10
@4 42 I*.;1 *.; butchers", $4 1504 47%; lightweights,
$4 U>T;4 40; pigs. $3 SOft 4 30.
There was an improved demand for sheep
and lambs, the present advance being well
maintained. Poor to choice sheep brought $2<f?
4 85, native yearlings Belling at the top and
Western rangers at $4; poor to fancy lambs
$3 r.OT/5 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; hogs. 23,000; sheep,
16,000.
Chicago Grain Market.
1 CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— Wheat opened easy and
lower. Disappointing rabies and the steady in
crease of local stocks were the main factors
ii) alnst the market. There was very little ef
! fort made to follow up the decline, and after
I the price had worked off %c the selling dis
appeared entirely. Then for two hour* the mar
ket remained In a comatose state, with fluc
tuations narrow and trades widely separated.
During the last thirty minutes the firmness In
corn and complaints of poor condition of win
ter wheat started an upturn which was but
fr?b!y contested and the market closed (Inn
at the best price of the day. The weakness
of outside markets handicapped the trade. De
cember opened Me to %c lower at 70%@70%c,
touched 70%@71c. declined to 70% c, and ad
vanced to 71. at the close.
Corn ruled firm and active. Buying became
so pronounced that shorts were forced to cover
and a rapid advance followed. T/here was a
slight reaction on profit-taking, but elevator
buying and shipping demand caused an up
turn, and the market closed at the top. Light
receipts and poor buckings returns accelerated
the advance. December rose to 32 He at the
close.
Buying by shorts and strength In corn
steadied oats. The easiness of ocean rates
helped the advance. December closed with
sellers at 22% c.
Provisions slumped quite early when any
Belling pressure was applied to the market.
There was no fresh feature connected with the
trade to account for the weakness. January
pork Closed 10c lower at $9 30?fr> 32%; January
lard, Be lower at {5 32%, and January ribs 7%e
lower at $4 87%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ;. -
October 69% . 69% 6914 69%
December 70% 71 70% 71
May 74% 74% 74>4 74%
Corn No. 2—
October 30% 30% 30% 30%
December '<^i 30% 3014 30%
Ala; 31% 32% 31% 32%
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 22% 2'%
May 23% . 24>4 23% 24«4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December 7 97% 7 97% 7 82% 7 87%
January 940 940 930 9 32%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 5 20 5 20 6 15 5 1714
January 5 37% 6 37% 630 6 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 475 475 4 67% 4 67H
January 4 92% , 4 92% 485 4 87%
Cash quotations ! were as follows: Flour
easy: No. 2 spring wheat. 6S%i?T7lc; No. 3 spring
wheat, 64S"0c; No. 2 red. 71@71%c; No. 2 corn
31»ic: No. 2 oats. 22% c; No. 2 white. 25% c; No'
3 white, 24% c; No. 2 rye. 55c; No 2 barley 374*
44c; No. 1 flaxsecd. »1 32%; Northwest, $132%
--prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per bar
rel, $7 85@7 90; lard, per 100 pounds. $5 20@5 25;
short ribs Bides (loose), {4 7505 15; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $G<§6 12%; short clear sides
(boxed), So 450E 56; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 23.
Articles—- Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 26,000 IS.OOO
Wheat, bushels 276, W. o^
Corn, bushels 542,000 "°,OOO
Oats, bushels 277,000 316,000
Rye, bushels 5.000 m Ii,'ZZZ
Barley, bushels ..I 96,000 28 - 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull but steady; creamery, 16g£ZZC,
dairy, 13%@18c. Eggs, steady: fresh, 16% c.
Cheese, strong; creams, ll%@l2Uc
,H_ ___- — :
Foreign Futures.
i_ . — •■
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5% 6 1% 6 1%
Closing 5 11% 6% 6 1%
PARIS. 1 .
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 75 19 &>
Closing 1....... 18 65 I 9 60
Flour —
Opening 24 75 25 6j
Closing " 24 75, 25 65
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day at auction, realizing the following
prices:
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.- Grapes-Malaga, single
crates, 96c@$l 20. average $1 IS. Prunes— ltalian,
single crates, 80@85c, average Me. Cloudy
weather; six cars Bold _ ,
NEW YORK Oct. 19.— Peaches — Salway,
boxes, 85c@tl, average 92c Pears Winter
Nells, half boxes 86c. Prunes— ltalians, single
crates. $I©l 2:,, ' average $1 19- Favorable
weather; six cars Bold. .
OMAHA, on. 19.- Pears— Q. Moroeao, boxes.
$2 02; E. Beurre, $2 03; Winter Nells, $2 01.
Quinces— sl 40
DENVER, Oct 19 —Apples, Bellftower. boxes,
$1 65.
NEW YORK Oct. 19.— Porter Bros. Tompany
sales California fruit to-day. Grapes -Tokay?'
$1 10-a3 Or, half crates; Muscats. $101 W half
crates; Emperor, $1 60@l 75; Morocco, $2®2 40:
Cornlehon, $] 60. Pears Bartletts. -ocigsl 10
half box; Vicar, $1908195 box; Kelfers, $1 M.
Six cars gold
CHICAGO Oct 19.— Porter Bros. Company
sales to-day: Grapes— Tokays. $1 16©1 W half
crates and ?2 3592 60 double; Tokays, clusters,
$2 10: Cornlehon, $1 50 half crate; assorted,
$1 25m 40; Muscats, ?l 30; Emperor, $1 10®
1 35. Five cars sold.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Oct. 19.— Clearing3, $3f>4,457;
balances, $62,936.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 10.- With the English
market Inactive and 4f« rni'l fT «■ 2000-ton
January ship and nothing obtainable earlier at
least than from 41s 3d to 42s 6d, it is hardly
possible to expect much activity in th" local
market and matters are drifting along very
easily. Fifty-seven cents was generally quoted
as the top figure for Walla Walla to-day and
valley was airnnst strictly nominal at 58
th'- latter for something very choice.
Cleared— British bark Comliebank for Queens
town with 130,0% bushels wheat.
The foreign wheat shipments from Portland
for the week ending to-day were 351,212
bushels.
Foreign Markets.
London, Oct. 19.— Consols, i"3 11-16; silver,
26% d; French rentes, 1001 42% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
nothing doing; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 19.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Pans, weak; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 41.
CLOSING.
WHEAT Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
dull. Ks; No. 1 Northern spring, dull, fis 2%d.
Futures, dull: December, 5s V.\'i; March, 6s
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet,
?,<> P'vi: American mixed, old, quiet, 3s '' ! 4 <l
Futures, quiet; November, 3s S^d; December,
3s S'-4d; January, 3s 7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
: Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $1 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS%
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 43 4 1 -'-
Fine Sliver, per ounce — E7T»
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The market was flat nil over the
world, with a dearth of news. Chicago was
weak on Indifferent cables and large receipts.
Foreigners were reported selling-, and this
added to the weakness.
Spot -Wheat— Shipping. $1 07%@l OS%; milling,
$1 10®! 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctis, $1 12%.
Second May— 4ooo ctls, $1 17V4 : 12,000,
$1 17%.
Regular Morning Session— December —
i ctls, $1 11%. May— lß,ooo, $1 17%.
j Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 11% May— lo,ooo, $1 16%.
BARLEY— Dealers are quoting higher prices
for spot feed, and futures are also firmer,
though the market is not active.
Feed, 81 JJB7 . . Brewing, 90fj'97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — —
2000 ctls. SRc
i Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99— ctls,
87% c. December S7%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS- The market continues firm, though
the top quotations are obtained only for strict
ly choice lots, and that in a small way. White,
$105(8125; Red, $1 06©l 17%; Gray. $1 05@l 15;
Black, 96c@$l 05.
CORN Continued large Imports from the
East tend to weaken the market. Eastern
I*arge Yellow. $1 05<£fl 07%; White. $1 05@l 07%;
mixed. $1 02'-i(@'l 05 per ctl.
Continued firm at 97%c@$l per ctl, with
stocks well concentrated.
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOVR- California family extras. $3 60<3i3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25&3 40 for bakers, and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MIL.L,STT'FFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the irade: Graham
Flour, $:; 26 per KM lbs; Rye Flour, $2 ':,; live
Meal, $2 50; Hlce Flour, $7; Cornmeai, $2 oil: ex
tra Cream Cornmeai, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25;
Oat Croats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25Cd3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $45/4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 o^^6 45; in sacks, $5 Ss@6 2j;
Pearl Hurley, (5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
|5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The- damaged Hay now coming In Is selling
at a discount of 76C@$1 per ton. Strictly
choice r] r y Hay is firm and some sales over the
t<>i> quotations are reported.
There is no further change in Feedstufts.
BRAN— SI 7 60^18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS 419^20 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley. Sisrffis 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. 526&27; Jobbing,
$?7 RO^iK; Cocomnut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeai,
$23 ROiß'24 50: Cracked Corn. $24'S2S: Mixed Feed,
$16f>0<Jil7; Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
HAY wheat, J7@B 60 for common to good
and $9 25®9 r,O for choice; Wheat and Oat, $fi GO
@9; Oat, $S 60fiS 60: Barley. $5®7: Island Bar
ley, $r.<56: Alfalfa, $;>(g6 M per ton; Com
pressed J6 riOf/9.
STRAW— K^SSo per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers report extremely heavy shipments of
Beans to the East, with orders still coming
In. The market continues to rise and almost
all descriptions are again marked up.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2''><ET2 30; small white $2 «0
©2 70; Targe White. $2 I.*ff2 25; Pinks, $2 15Ti2 20;
Reds, $:> w-,,3 75; niackeye. J4 : Butters. $3;
Lima. $4 75®4 85; Pea, $2 60«g2 70; Red Kidneys,
$J Ss@2 50 per ctl.
BEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3@3'sc; Yellow
Mustard. .■; J > 4^i4<'; Flax. nonilnul; Canary.
Hie per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. S%o3c; Hemp, 4@4 ! uc;
Tlmothv. 494% c.
DRIED PKAS- Niles, $1 3r,@l 50; Green, $1 75
@1 S5 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Pweet Potatoes ar* lower under larger ar
rivals. Onions are firm. Tomatoes still choke
the market.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60fi!70c; Early Rose,
40@P0c; BurbankS, 60fi7:ic per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90C©$l if.: Oregon Burbanks. 70®Sr.c:
Sweet. Potatoes, 75WS0c for Rivers and $1 15 for
Merced
ONIONS— 6Ctfj 70c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Oreen Peas. "ifiQ per 1b:
String Beans. 2®4c; Lima Beans, 3®sc;
Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes.. 15@30c: Egg Plant
40®75c; Dried Okra. 12'^.c per lb; Garlic -■<•>' ,
Green Peppers. 40®90c per box: Carrots. 30®
Me per sack; Cucumbers. 40@50c; Summer
Squash, 60@66c; Marrowfat Squash, $12 per ton.
Green Corn is about out.
Poultry and Game.
Game Is coming in lean and the retailers are
not disposed to buy it. unless at moderate
prices. The close weather is also against it.
Poultry remains about the same, young
stock being dull and weak.
POULTKY-Llve Turkeys. 14@16c for Gob
biers and 14@16c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 14®
16c; Geese, per pair. $1 75©2 25; Goslings. » 75
©2 26; Ducks. $4514 50 for old and $4 oO@6 for
young: Hens. $4fi.- 50: Young Roosters. $4^. -j:
Old Roosters. *4©5; Fryers. $3 50@4; Broil
ers. $3 25@8 50 for targe. *3©3 25 for small;
Pigeons. $1 25'gl 50 per dozen for old and ?l bOW
2 GAME-Quall. $2; Mallard, JG^T 50; Canvas
hack. ; Sprig, *3 50-53: Teal, $:i; TNiclgeon.
$2; Small Duck. $1 60@l 75; Doves, 60@90c per
dozen: Hare. $1 50; Rabbits $1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 25 for small; Gray Geese, $3; White. $l@
1 25; Brant, $1 25®t 76; English Snipe, $2 o0 per
dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 2o(gl 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
p,im(> dealers consider Butter weaker, while
others take the opposite view. Quotations are
unchanged. Cheese also remains the same.
Eggs are still in light receip! and some deal
ers report sales over the quotations, The mar
ket Is aim rat bare of ranch Eggs.
3UTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 30@31c; seconds,
28029 c.
— Fancy, 26®27c; good to choice, 24'S'25c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 22!§24c; flrkin, 21@22%c; cream
ery tub. 22<£iS24c.
Eastern, 17 ! .-c for ladle packed.
CHEESE Choice mild new, ll@ll%c: old,
10i*c: Young America, UHc; h. "tern, 14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25@32%c for store and 3S®
42Uc per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 28@300 for
selected. 26®27V4c for No. 1 and 20@22^c for
seconds; Oregon, 22 ,4@24c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Table Grapes continue weak under much
larger supplies, and arrivals are showing the
effects of rain. Wine Grapes are quiet and
steady at the high prices.
Pears are In better supply. The Peaches now
coming In are generally inferior and are sold
low to work them off. Figs are coming In
decayed and moldy. Fine Apples are firm at an
advance.
Lemons are advancing again, sales being
made at $4.
Melons are lower and dull.
DECIDI 1 irs FRUITS—
Apples, 35(^65c per box for common and 75cg!
$1 for pond to choice.
BERRIES— Blackberries, $4 50(?i6 per chest;
Strawberries, $10 per chest for small and $L"'f
3 for large berries; Raspberries, f4'<iG per chest;
Huckleberries, oft 7c per lb; Wisconsin Cranber
ries, $'iCO'67 50 per bbl; (.'ape Cud Cranberries,
•: Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 M per barrel
■ 2 25 per box.
Grapes, 20c®40c for Black. ZLr^l;,oc for Muscat.
tor Tokay, 40@50c for Cornlchon; crates
sell 10<ai5c higher; Wine Grapes, $24'g26 per ton
for Zinfandel, $23*f24 for other black and $15(&22
for White.
Cantaloupes, 60e<g75c per crate; Nutmegs, 35c
giso<* per box.
Pomegranates, 60®75c per box.
Winter Pears, 35cij$l 25 per box.
Figs, 25c1/50c per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches, 50c per box.
Plums, 50<ii7iic per '>ox and crate.
Cjuinres. 50fa7r»c ppr box.
CITRUfI FRUITS— Lemons, $1 6002 50 for
common, and $3'jH for good to eh iloe; Mexican
Limes, $6<fj7; California I^imes. Jl@l 25; Han
anas, $150112 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Th^re 1b no change to report !n any descrlp
tion.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%c for
' 40-SO's, 4Vic for 50-60 > s. 3%c for 60-70's, 3' 4 c for
JO-SOs, :\r. for SO-'JO's and 2Vs<iT2?ic for 90-100'«;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12>-..?iiec for
Mi rparks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
&^'§6c for Standards, 6%@7c for choice and "Vi
©8c for fancy; peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6<S"^ic; Sun-dried. 4Vi3oc per ib;
Nectarines, 7H@Bc per lb for red and v ./"- for
[ white; Pears, 6Ms@Sc for quarters and >•(!"• for
; halves; Black Flrs, 3@4c; White Figs, 6@6»*c;
I Plums, 6<g6Vjc for pitted and l%<«2i2C for un
i pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— per
i 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime,. Go; un
bleached Thompson's, per Ih, 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, "He; standard, 6"^c;
! prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6c; 2-orown loose Muscatels, 6%c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
I Clusters. 12; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
Chestnuts. 12V4<!?15c: "Walnuts, 7i4<ffS>*.c
for standards, and 7%@9c for Boftahell; Al
monds, 10%@12%c for paper-shell. 3@loc for soft
and 4@6c for hard shell; Peanuts, :-\'in',\c for
Eastern, and Be for California; Brazil Nuts, S 1 *
<g!>c; Filberts, ll@llVic; Pecans, 7^4@Bc; Cocoa
nuts. %4 50<g5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^sc for bright and 10^c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7' / ;@7%c;
light amber extracted, 6Vs(g7c; dark, s^o per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for heavy,
9%Q10c for light medium, ll^c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13'^c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13Vjc:
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily. $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear,
$16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb
LARD— Tiercep quoted at 6®6^c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure: half barrels, pure
fee 10-lb tins. 894 c; 5-Ib tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— 7^@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue very firm, and Tallow Is also
strong.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 11@11Mic; medium. 10% c; light, 10c; Cow
hides. 9>4@flOc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 174flSc;
; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium. 70©90 c; long Wool
; 60c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2<fj3 for
large and $1 2.i(ifl 50 for small; Colts 25®59c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@SHc per lb; No.
2, 4@4Hc; refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon 17@18c;
I Eastern Oregon, 12@140 for choice and 9<gllVac
I for fair to good.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 7<iTSc: San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain. 7%fi9c; Northern free, 10@12c; do, defect
ive, 7Vi@loc per lb.
HOPS— at B@l2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6*i@73
for Cows.
VEAL— 7(§lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; . Ewes. 7@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, &Vt&s%c for small, r.^c for
medium and H4@5%C for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 6}i@s',4c; dressed Hogs. 7@S^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baps, 7@7}£c; Wool
Bags, 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags, r. 4 c, BHc and 60 for
the three grades of white and 7@7^o for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, *8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 SO; Se
-1 attle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. 15; Wallsend,
$7 50; Scotch. $S; Cumberland, $:> 50 in bulk an.l
$10 75 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$12; Cannel, $.■? per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk
and 514 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. ,vV"; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, ■Ti.c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A,—; Magnolia A, 4i£c: Extra C. 4%c: Golden
C, 4'4c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels. Vie
more; boxes. He more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 6%c; boxes,
5-iP nor lh.
LUMUKR- Olendalp takes for Honolulu
834,000 feet of lumber, valued at $4750.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19.
Flour, qr sks 27,419 Sugar, bbls 853
Wheat, ctls 345 Raisins, bxa 4 4."0
Barley, ctls 21.83S Quicksilver, flska ISO
Oats, ctls, 1,870 Wool, bag* 123
Kast Corn, ctls... 1,200 Hops, bales 76
Rye, ctls 740 Hay, tons 464
1 Butter, ctls 14S Straw, tons 5
Cheese, ctls 172 Eggs, doz 4,880
Beans, sks 1.505 I Wine, gals 37,700
Potatoes, sks 10.40S 1 Leather, rolls 74
Bran, sks 925 Hides, No 686
Middlings, sks.... 915 Pelts, bdls 2 o°s
Sugar, sks Lime, bbls 317
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks Bran, sks 675
Oats, ctls 2,2101
THE STOCK MARKET.
Giant Powder continued the prominent stack
on the morning MF.sion of the Bond Exchange
selling up to $»fi 75 under an active boatnem!
Other changes were insignificant and trading
was light.
The only feature in the afternoon was a de
cline in Giant Powder from $S6 25 to $55. The
Other stocks were quiet.
On the morning session of the Oil Exchange
500 shares sold, against 1300 on the same ses
sion of the preceding day. Quotations appear
below.
The regular monthly dividend of the Home-
Stain Mining Company of 25c per share has
been declared tor September, and an extra divi
dend of 23c, both payable October 25. This
makes $7,933,750 paid in dividends to date.
The $3 per share quarterly dividend of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company is now
payable.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 19—2 p. m.
* Bid. Ask. 1 Mil. Ask.
IT S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14% 15%
4s quar coup.. — — l> G L. & H «8 49%
Is quar reg — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 66
is quar new... — 131>i Pac Light Co. 41% —
3s quar coup.. — iO8?»!s FG & E.... 61 —
Miscellaneous — Ban Fran — '•'%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat Es... — 10S Insurance-
Ed L & I' 65.130 — Firem's Fund. 223 —
F & Cl Ry 68.115 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. - 08 Anglo-Cal , 6 A;;'.~
II C & S 5%5.106 - Bank of Ca1..3:>3%400
L A Ry 55.'T..10.>% — Ca! S D & T.. 95 97
L, A LCo 65.. M — First National — 245
Do gntd be. 9!) — Lon P & A.... 128 133
Do gntd 55.. — — Mer Exchange — If
L A & P R 55.103'/i — Nev Nat 8k...18^%1!>0
Market-st 65.. — 130 Savings Banks—
Do Ist M ss..lir.%Usl*i'fler S & L... — 1725
NCN G R 78.112 — Hum S & L..1000 1160
NR of Cal 65. 11 l — iMut Bay Bk. — 4:'%
NR of Ca] 55.112%113%E F Say 1,'... 500 —
NPC R R 55.106U — Bay &I. 80.. — S2Vi
NP C R R 85.105 108 Bee Say Bk.. — 810
N Cal R R ii.ii.l - Union T C 0.1400 1440
(i i; L & 11 ss. — 110 Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65..111%112 California ill —
On C Ry 65.. — 128 Geary BO —
P&CI Ry 65. .107 — Market-st — 63
Pk &O Ry 6«. 115 — Dak SL.& H. — 50
Powell-st R 6s — 122 Presidio 23 30
Sac El G&R5s. — — Powder—
SF& N P 111% — California 150 liO
SF & S JV5c.115U115% E Dynamite... 85 '" ■
SRy of Cal 65.105%110 Glnat Con Co. 85 85V 4
s P of A 63.. . — 113% Vigorit 29* 2 .«
S P c 65(1905). — — | Sugar—
S P C 6s(1906).lll — Hana P C 0..... 12% 13
S P C 65(1912). — 113 Haw C&ri Co . •'. i£%
SPCIs eg 55104 — Honokaa S Co. 34% —
S P Br 6s Yi.l 123 Hutch S P Co. 29% 30
B V Wat 65... - IH'i Kilauea S Co.. — 29
S V Wat 45... 103^ — Makaweli SCo 49% —
S V W4s(Sdm)lol 10214 Onomea S Co.. 28 30
Stktn Gas 6b.. — — Paauhau S Co. 35% 36
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous -
Contra Costa.. — "0 Al Pac A55n..117%118%
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 300
Spring Valley.loll 4 — Oceanic S Co.. 86 *7
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... IX —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent I- & P... VA - Par Paint Co. HYi —
Equit GL, Co.. 5 r,ij
Morning Session.
Board —
135 Giant Powder Con S3 25
65 Giant Powder" Con 85 00
20 Giant Powder Con 85 12%
10 Giant Powder Con 85 50
40 Giant Powder Con 85 75
i 20 Giant Powder Con 86 00
60 Giant Powder Con 86 50
10 Giant Powder Con 86 25
10 Giant Powder Con SG 37%
40 Giant Powder Con 86 62' 2
80 Giant Powder Con SS 7.".
25 Hana Plantation Co 12 50
SO liana Plantation Co s 90 12 62%
150 Hana Plantation Co 12 75
inn Hana Plantation Co s 60 12 75
300 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 12%
20 Market Street R R 62 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 86 50
$1000 Sierra Ry of Cal 65... 109 50
$0000 - F & S 3 V bonds 115 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75'
26 Giant Powder Con 86 25
25 Giant Powder Con 86 00
25 Giant Powder Con 85 75
160 Giant Powder Con 85 50
56 Giant Powder Con 85 2".
35 Giant Powder Con So 12%
15 Giant Powder Con 85 00 ;
25 Hana Plantation Co : 12 87% '
50 Hana Plantation Co s 90 13 00
150 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
5 Hutchlnson B P Co 29 50
50 I'aauhau S I' Co 35 50
10 Paauhau S P Co 35 75
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 00 i
Street—
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6s 122 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 84 75 j
30 Giant Powder Con .-. 85 00 i
10 Giant Powder Con 85 25
100 Equitable Gas 4 87%
100 Hutchinson S P Co 29 25 *
12000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 75
30 Onomea Sugar Co 38 37%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 00 "
100 Vigorit Powder 2 87% j
50 Vigorit Powder 300 1
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 86 00
20 Giant Powder Con 86 23
40 Giant Powder Con 81 50
15 Giant Powder Con 86 62>i
2CO Equitable Gas 500 I
20 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
15 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 12%
$30<V) -Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 75
$5000 Spring Valley Water 4b 2d mortg.,lo4 12-4
20 Spring Valley Water 10150 "
20 Oakland Gas 49 12%
100 Vlgorit Powder : 2 87%
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Tidal Wave Oil Co 2 40
100 Tidal Wave OH Co 2 35
150 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
Street—
100 Equitable 1 00
100 Century 50 j
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave 2 55
20 St Lawrence O & M Co 15 00
200 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
I 150 Northfield Oil Co 75
I 100 Kings County Oil Co 2 00
150 Fresno & San Benlto Oil Co ' 70
Street—
lOSt Lawrence o & M Co 15 00
500 Buckhorn Oil & T Co 4 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 10 1 100 Overman 20
100 Caledonia 67 SOO Potosl 43
100 Caledonia 66 200 Savage 21
300 Chollar 31 600 S Nev 60
200 C. C. & V 160 100 Union Con 35
200 Hale & Nor . 39 100 Yellow Jacket.. 27
100 Ophir 81!
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 20 700 Ophir 84
WO Best & Belcher. 35 200 Ophir 8"
700 Best & Belcher. 36 1000 Overman 10
100 Caledonia 66; 9no Potosl 42
100 Chollar 32! 200 Savage 22
400 C C.& V I 70 i 100 Sierra Nev 62
lino C C *-. V 1 75 100 Sierra Nev 63
400 Hale & Nor 371 200 Union Con 36
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock I
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2«1 Best & Belcher. 30^ 800 Justice 05
600 Bullion "4 300 Mexican «fi
2 feledonia 66 2."i Ophir v,
3«0 r-hallenge Con.. 28 40
800 Challenge Con.. 27 500 Sierra Nev " 58
8 'Cft V 1.60 1 4ftO fnlon Con 34
nfldence 7:. SO Union Con :i2
nfldence 71 200 Yellow Jacket 26
200 Gould & Curry.. 35 75 Yellow Jacket.. 27
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 2n 300 Gould & Curry 34
1400 Best & Belcher. 29; 3.".0 Mexican -M
r. 32 600 Mexican 30 !
si & Belcher. 3'.i' 800 Ophir
300 Best & Belcher. 3G DOrt Ophir :■:,
200 Caledonia 60 2W> Ophir 86
S3 600 Potosl . 41
200 C«■ & V 1 60 500 Potosl 42
500 C C A V 1 65 SOO Savage 22
700 C C & V 1 i.;! » 200 Sierra Nev 62
500 C C & V 170 150 Union Con 32
tOOCCa v 173 SOOUtah 11
300 C C & V 1 80 280 Fellow Jacket . 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, October 19—2 r m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid.Ask.
Alpha ('4 05 Kentuck — 03
Alta - 06 Lady Washgton 01 02
Andes 00 11 ; Mexican 29 30 i
er 20 21 Occidental 18 2» I
Best A Belcher SS 3< < ifhir 85 sn
Bullion 04 06 Overman l-> :'
nia 6r. 70 PotOSi 43 44
Chollar 32 34 Savage 21 22
Challenge Cob.. 25 2S Scorpion 0!
Confidence 7^ so Seg Belcher.... — 06
CC4 V 1751 80 Sierra Nev 62 63 I
Con Imperial ...— 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point ... 15 16 Standard —3 10
F.xchpquer — 02 St Louis — 06
Gould & curry. 34 36 Syndicate — "6
Hale & N0r.... 36 37 T'nion Con 35 36;
Julia — 03 I'tah 11 12
Justice — 06 Yfl!(-w Jacket.. M 27
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrop:raphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 19, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Ptates Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlßh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
AUCTION SALES"
SATURDAY, OCT. 21, 1899,
jfe* ill £*
Will Sell at
J. D. HORAN'S STOCK AND SALES YARDS,
CORNER TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
At 11 o'clock a. m..
30 head of well-bred broken and unbroken
horses, ranging from 1000 to 1300 pounds.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
FURNITURE 12 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), at 11 a. m.,
1509 CALIFORNIA STREET, NEAR POLK.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Market =t.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide lg the same at both pie
FRID \V. r>. -r, iBER 20.
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
flay In ;he order of occurrence as to time The
second time column elves the second tide at
the day. the third time column the third ttda
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except -when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the sounu ngs on the
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus slen (— precedes the height
and then the number (riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
ref<*T-pn'-p Is th- -■•!.- ' ■>- ; WPr | nw water*
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
♦ . »
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 19.
Stmr "Walla Walla. Hall, 71% hours from Vic
toria and Puuet Sound ports.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridget!, 33 hours
from Ventura.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 19*4 hours from Eureka
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, Co hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 22 hours from Monterey
and way ports. m
Simr Rival. Johnson. 24 hours from ulal
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 47 hours from San
Diego.
Sehr Robert Hind, Helllngsen, 7 days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 19.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road & Nay Co.
Haw hark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu- J
D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ger bark II Hackfeld, Barber, Lelth; Horst
Bros.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Hllo; eWlch & Co
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu; Williams Dl
m.-.nd & Co.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, "Whatcom;
Hume Bros & Hume. * "
Schr Francis Alice, Wallstedt, Unga; McCol
lorn Fishing and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 19.
Stmr Weeott, Burtfs. Eureka.
Stmr Progresn, Gilhny. Seattle.
Stmr Orizaba. Nicole San Pedro.
Bark Gennania, Pearson. Seattle.
Brig J D Spreckels, Christiansen, Honolulu.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, Whatcom.
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen. Iversens Landing
Srhr Mayflower, Olsen. Coqullle River.
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
point LOBOS, Ocl 19. 10 p Weather
foggy; wind south, velocity 24 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 30, lat SN, lon 23 W— Br bark Strath
don, hence June 10, for Liverpool.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Br schr Libby arrived at Tnalaska in tow of
H B M stmr Pheasant, with ruder head and
main boom gone. Repaired at Unalaska.
The following is a copy of a message picked
up by the Umnock natives on the KE shore of
Unimak Island during the latter part of Au
gust, 1899, in a bottle: "Steamer Pelican Ship
in sinking: boats swamped; 10 minutes and all
will be lost."
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 19— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO— SaiIed Oct 19 — Schr Wm H
Smith, for Port Townw
Arrived Oct 19— Schr Reporter, from Olym
pia.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Oct IS— Stmr Newsboy
for Usal. '
UNALASKA— Sept 29— Stmr Bertha
hence Sept 16; had very heavy weather and
sailed Oct 3 tor St Michael. Sept 26— Stmr
Portland, from St Michael, and sailed Oct 3
for St Michael. Pent 20— Schr Pearl, for St
Michael. Arrived Oct I— Stmr Homer hence
Sent IS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 19— Schr Glen- -1
dale, hence Oct 18, in tow of tug Rescue
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct IS Schr Lille
bonne, from Eureka.
Sailed Oct 19— Schr Viking, for Grays Har
bor.
PORT BLAKELEY— 19— The sehr Lottie
Bennett was launched at Hall Bros" yard at
3:4.' p m.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 19— Schr Challenger for
San Francisco; stmr South Portland, for San
Francisco.
PORT ANGELES-Arrived Oct 17-Ship Bohe
mia, hence Oct 3.
COOS BAT— Arrived Oct IS— Schr John A
hence Oct 5. Oct 10— Stmr Arcata, hence Oc
tober 1«.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK-Arrived Oct IS-Stmr Allianca,
■■•!) Colon. '
Sailed Oct IS— Bark St Katherine. for Hono
lulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AOAPULCO-Sailed Oct 17-Stmr San Bias,
for Panama; stmr City of Panama, for Pana
ma.
HIOGO-Salled Oct IS-Br stmr St Irene, for
Tacoma. ■-,-...:.
NANAIMO-Sailed Oct 18— Haw stmr San
Mateo. for Port Los Angeles
he"n r ee V Oct ct 18 Br Slmr Robert Adamson.
foh^rlM ° Ct 15 - S Stmr Warren «
*S!^%£Sn&! 2Z - Br bark Hath
tic YO h X e C n" A s :V rriVed Oct IS - Br stmr cop -
Sa G n U Fr^ I C l s^ Sailed ° Ct IS " Stmr Cu —'' f -
TiiAXS-ATI.AXTIf STEAMERS.
SSffif^^sSS Oct 19 ~ stmr Amst - X
failed Oct 13-Stmr Rotterdam, for New
Continued on Page Eleven.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ARE MAKING NO
FURTHER SEARCH
FOR BURGLARS
Harries' Experience a
Mystery.
Oakland Office Sun Francisco Call,
idway, oot. 19.
: by the Oakland
forces that the
irglary at the Harries home
mil g was not a burglary
I, but an of young Harry
Ham- latlj contradicted by the
The first intimation that the Oakland
detectives did not consider it necessary to
make any further investigation was con
veyed in a message to tho San Francisco
Police Department sent by Detective
Denny Holland on Tuesday evening.
Detective Holland told Chief Lees' repre
sentative that he had looked into every
phase of the alleged sensational burglary
and was convinced thai there were more
circumstances pointing to it as a fake
than indicated that a serious crime had
been committed. *
Tho impression of the burglary con
veyed by the investigations of the de
tectives are substantiated by them with
arguments that they consider conclusive.
One of those who have investigated the
matter thoroughly says:
"In the ;irst place there is nothing lack
ing in what appears to be a first-clas3,
isp-to-date dime novel burglary. The tele
phone wires were cut, the white powder
was around for any stray dogs that might
appear, the windows were open for the
ingress and egress of the burglars
though one of th.« windows through
which youn? Harries says a burglar
escared" I will sweur no one has passe 1
through within the past month.
••It would seem natural that when the
boy satisfied himself there were burglars
in the house and armed himself he
would certainly call lilts father -tor*
rushing downstairs to meet desperate
characters in th>^ dark single-handed.
The burglars' tools, so called, cannot be
eaid to be burglars' tools at all. A lo:>k
at them would convince anybody or this,
and why should burglars go into the barn
and take a monkey wrench, which they
left on the dining-room floor? Of what
i^o sre the other pieces of metal found
in the house? When we examined the
doors and windows there was nothing to
Indicate that any entrance had been
forced. Most certainly there was noth
ing to indicate that any of the tools
3'ound in the house had been used on any
door or window. We have compared Th.i
boy's EtoryJ as nearly as we can get it,
for no one has yet been permitted to m ■
him, with every shot fired, and we, act
ing on this theory, that it was all a
fake, can account for every shot but one,
v. h:'ch went through the front wind >w
and across the street. If *•< could lind
that bullet our presumption would be
established beyond doubt.
"No motive, so far as we know, has
yet been discovered to account for the
strange acting of young Harries, presum
ing that there was no real burglary, but
rumors have reached us that there might
possibly be something discovered In ban
Francisco. I would like anybody who
really believes that the desperate strug
gle took place to follow the trail taken
by young Harries and the burglars
Through tho house, and to look at the
direction in which the shots were fired,
and he would at once see how very im
probable the story appears. Anyhow,
there is so much about it to suggest a
huge farce that we do not believe there
is any use pursuing our investigation any |
further."
.After hearing all th*» details of the ai- :
leged robbery, the San Francisco de
tectives leached the same conclusion is !
their brethren on this side of the ay
Members of the Harries family dcclar • !
that th<> conclusion reached by the police !
is without any reasonable foundation
They are absolutely certain that two
d.-sp^rate men were In the house an that
young Harries had a violent encounter
with them both and only escaped death
by a very narrow margin.
The police, however, declare that a dead
burglar or a trail of blood would have
been the best evidence of the genuineness
of tho encounter.
CRONISE-KITTREDGE
NICHOLS-KITTREDGE
A PRETTY DOUBLE V7EDDING IN
BERKELEY.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.-Charles H. Cro- I
nieo nf San Francisco and Miss Rose P.
Kittredge of Berkeley, and Austin P.
Nichols of Haverhill, Mass., and Miss
Maude C. Kittredge of Berkeley were
married this evening in the First Congre- !
gational Church, on Dana street. It was
a double wedding-, and one of the prettiest
which has been seen in the. university
town. The two brides are the daughters
of Pr. and Mrs. Charles S. Klttredge of
Dwight way.
The church had been profusely deco
rated for the occasion. Over the pulult '
hung two large wedding bfclls. one in I
white and the other In pink, while tiie •
pulpit it^t-lf was ■.-•■■-■ of. palms and pot '
tvd plant*. AH th ■ other floral pieces were '•
either in white or pink. * >
The two bridal processions enter* d the '
church at the same time, marching to the
altar down the two central aisles. The I
first, marked by an abundance of white !
consisted of Arthur Barker of San Fran
cisco and Itca Hanna of Berkeley as ush
ers, Miss May Strong of Berkeley and
Miss Lillian Kay of Palo Alto as brides
maids. Mi.«s Mary Stewart of Santa Bar
bara as maid of honor and the bride, Miss
Rose Kittredge. It was met at the altar
by Charles H. Cronlse, the groom, and A,
jr. Cronise.
The other procession, marked by a dis
play of pink, consisted of Walter Hoag of
Berkeley and Harry Simonds of San Fran
cUco as ushers; Miss Alice Knag and Miss !
Lorena Stewart us bridesmaids. Miss
Mary Klttredge as maid of honor and the
bride, Miss Maude Ittr Ice. ft was met
at the altar by Austin P. Nichols, the
groom, and Maurice Kittredge.
The ceremony was performed by the \
Rev. Josiah K. Klttredpe, D. D., of Gene
seo V V., uncle of the brides, assisted
by the Rev. Georse 11. Hatch of the First
i ongregatlonal Church. Both brides wore
white ducheose satin, en train. One was
trimmed with tulle and point lace, the ;
oth.-r with tulle and pearl passementerie.
A reception followed the ceremony at
the residence of the parents on Dwight
way After a trip to the southern part of j
tho State >Ir. nri<; Mrs. Cronine will reside
In Alarneda. Mr. and Mrs. Nichols will
make their home in Haverhill, Mass.,
after a brief stay in Washington, D. C.
Came to O&kland to Wed.
OAKLAND, | r or Or]o
Aubn • I, and Isabel A. Shel.
ler", ■:• Bacraraento,
this aft
afterward united
ilni In County
" ■■ The parties
ilunteered only
would make
Marysville their pern ai ent home
Mrs. Cottarell Surrenders.
OAKL.AND. Ort. ]9.-Mr P L M Cot
tarrll haj abandoned her barricaded man
sion at Twelfth and Oak streets an<l sur
rendered' to-day. With tears in her eyes
she handed the keva to Under Sheriff
} In rlow, who cum,; fortified with a writ of '
restitution. Issued by Judge Greene in
favor -of the Unior i Ravings Bank, whose
president. " . G. Henshaw, nearly ten .
months ago allowed her to occupy the i
house out of charity nd because renters
were scarce. When s-he was asked two
months ago to vacate she refused barrl
rndlrig the place and claiming $200 due for '
services as caretaker.
May Be Snow's Body
OAKi^Ai\i->. '"'■ .■'■■ it was reported at
the Coroner's office to-day thai the body
at a man was Been floating in the estuary
near the narrow gauge mole, and the the
ory is advanced that it may be the body
of Will Snow, the newspaper reporter
who was drowned last week while about
to board the transport Tartar. Th(j par-
ties who saw the body were not in a po
sition to recover it from the water.
SAYS THE CHICAGOAN
WANTED TO DUPE HIM
Dispute Over an Exchange of 'lllinois
Property for an Alameda
Comity Ranch.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. In the suit of
K. Laeoste against Otis J*. Coffin
to enforce the execution of a deed to 228
the tract of the Vincento and
Domli tlta Rancho, Alameda
ty, in exchange for Chicago property,
lant late this afternoon filed an
mplaint, wherein he
charges plaintiff with wickedly contriving
to dupe him out of his Ahuneda County
property.
The agreement for the exchange of the
properties it appears, from the answer,
was .:ii red into last January. The
-. perty was represented to be
worth $75,060. encumbered for $35,000. This
representation, Coffin recites, was false
and fraudulent; that the Chicago property
was in reality worth not more than J4CI,
-•. r which full amount it was en
. r «d; w taile on the other hand •he
defendant's property was worth -
i lear.
" ndant alleges that by reason of
orded the agreement
last Manh he has been hindered from
if ids pro] crt y, and has been
damag< i to the i Ktent of J6OOO, for which
rays the court to grant him Judg
also that th< i ot, which
idant alleges plaintiff got him to
siu'i! by false and fraudulent statements,
I ■ ! null and void.
MRS. JAMES MUNRO
CHARGES DESERTION
'~>AKT,AN T n, Oct. 19.— A divorce suit that
will i i Iderable surprise In Ala
v, is commenced to-day by Mrs.
Matilda Munro against .lames M
omplaint alleges desertion as "he
ground of the action, spe< Ifylng more par
irly that defendant husband left his
year and a half ag
I urn< d. The partii
niar.v years resided in Alameda, wuen
son, J. A. Munro. Is engaged in the
furniture business. Mrs. Munro asks for
H decree, reasonable alimony and cv
• : minor child, Maud E. Munro,
8 yi ary.
RESULT OF THE ACME
CLUB AUCTION SALE
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— The aggregate pro
- of the auction sale of the furniture
xtures of the Acme Club, which was
concluded to-day, is $1 ped to
day that some of the ari
ried off by unknown parties, and during
recent days some one wrecked rr..^ ■ |
the 400 lockera on tl
ehib's hi ,:
every lock* . ed by vl(
were seal tered on the
and in somi ft in the
lockers by membi rs -were made
with.
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— Marriage licenses
were obtained to-day by John J. McCar
thy. aged 23 years, and Bessie G. Flynn, 22
years, both of San Francisco; Oliver J.
Daly, 23 years, San Francisco, and Ala
mella Taylor, 23 years. Oakland; Henry
F. Begum. 3* years, and Mrs. Fanny Ast*.
bury, 42 years, Berkeley; Leva Orlo
Aubrey, 47 year*, and Isabel A. Shellers.
35 ears, Sacramento; Fred Werlen, 30
yrars. and Elise Shaerer, 27 years, San
Francisco.
Davie's New Ferry Service.
OAKLAND, I>■ t. 19 A sherl on the e&s t
section of the city wharf Is being fitted
■ '
freight ferry lervice, which •will he
c-d shortly. Mr. Davie will run the .
er Emma, and be will trj ■• the
old company, with which he Is do :
fr^m using his name. There
will be some lively competition when both
lines are running;.
Slipped on an Orange Peel.
n.\i\i.A.\ii, > H'T. is.— ab oraii.
thoughtlessly thrown upon the si
John Wupper, a widower,
rears and residing at 747 Market street to
dip and fall to-night while walkini
iome and fracture his right hip, He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Rowe reduced th--. fraeturp
HOSPITAL INVESTIGATION.
Grand Jury Examines Several More
Witnesses.
Thf Grand Jury resumed its Investiga
tion in the matter of the purchase of
hospital supplies yesterday afternoon and
examined several more witnesses in that
connection. When Supervisor Kalben,
who is a member of tin: Hospital
mittee, was pul on the stand he charac
terized the investigation as an outrage
Instigated by the Kxaminer, which he
claimed had induced Mayor Phelan to
bring up the charge:-;. Kalben was asked
why drugs were not advertised for, and
he replied that it would cost more to ad
vertise than the goods would cost. Su
pervisor Black was not kept long, as he
stated that he knew nothing about the
matter. Supervisor Attridge. chairman of
the committee, told of the conditions
which prevail at the hospital on account
appropriations and cited the
fact that the supply of milk was now
thirty gallons a day less than ]
Another witness was T. Prendei
■win. said that pom" goods on the contract
schedule were bought in open market at
much higher prices. He had compared
the prices of la.-t year with those of the
nd found the latter greatly
Increased. l>r. Barger, former superin
tendent of the County Hospital; Former
Steward Paul Edwards and William T.
'Jrittin were also examined as to what
they knew regarding the furnishing of
Bupplii S.
HONOR TO THE CHIEF.
Court Presidio, Foresters of America,
Welcomes One of Its Past Officers.
Court Presidio No. 40, Foresters of'
America, tendered a banquet last night ■
; to John P. Maguire, its past chief ranger,
who recently returned from Manila, where
I as a < Jalifon lan in the Four
teenth Regulars. After an excellent menu
I ;<•■■»■. ■ '. th< toastmaster, called
upon Prank Bell, a member of the court,
to deliver an address of welcome, which
he did, after which the health of the re
turned volunteer was drunk. The fpllow
■■ ing toasts an. l responses were than the |
order of the evening: "The Firing Line" j
! John I*. Maguire, J. C. It., who a
mosl Interesting accouni of the capture of •
blockhouse No. 14 on the way to Puslk- i
"Foresters of America," Hugo K. A
a. s. C. R-: "Tl:<- Companions of the 1
t of America," K. C. Stock; "Our.
! Returned Heroes," John J. Cordy, Q S ■
! "The Executive Council." John He<
i G. S. W.: "The Ladies," Frank Conklin
<i. ■['.; "The Fraternal Press," J. Label 1
"Court Presidio," T. 13. Goodwin, I> I>'
Ji. C. R.
Among those present were: Hugo K.
Asner, grand sub-chief ranger; John Hee
nan, grand senior woodman; John J. ;
Cordy, grand seeretar*; Frank Conklin
grand treasurer; Jacob Lobel of the Amer
i lean Forester Review and about lVi mem
bers of the court and invited gu
Young Ladies Entertain.
I ■ young Indie* of St. John's parish,
formerly old St. Mary's College, enter
tained their frir-nds last night at M
Turn Vercin Hall with a pletising enter
tainment and dance. . The following con
tributed vocal and instrumental num
ber*: William Kosel and <in ■;.■
"Baby Devlne, Charles Marlon, Miss A.
X- ! - . MUIMC Madge Connolly, Mamie
McKeon, Aiinif Jackowski, Katnryn Mc-
Keon, Frances Minenan, Siacia Rlchard
smi, Minnie o'Karrell, Bertha Hiuh«.een,
Lillian MoDevitt, Mao O'Connor, Mar
vuerite Millpriek. Agnes Johnson. Mamie
O'Connor, Valeria Kowalliowska; «>. r
trude Owens and ZeP.a \\'ilsoji in a hoop
drill captained by Miss Annie O Brien;
Athenaeum Quartet MiSß«fl B. Doud, J.
Dnnbar, M.O'Farrell and Margie Murphy;
Br-ott Kent. The farce "My Neighbors
"W if<?" rrmduded the entertainment, witli
J. I^K) Turley, William Healey. H. G. I.eff
mann, Misses Mollie Skehen, L, C. Skelien
and Adelaide Phillips in the cast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
MISS LURING OF
BERKELEY NOT
YET A BRIDE
Proposal Was Made
Too Rashly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 19.
Miss Counle Loring of West Berkeley
is not yet a bride, and Del Cutting Bush,
who wanted to be married in a hurry, has
gone back to Sacramento.
The young lady, who is but 17 years old,
cannot understand why the young man
should have procured a marriage license
before he had even made a proposition
of marriage to her. Mr. Bush realizes
that the marriage Is off and has returned
the license to the County Clerk and all
West Berkeley is a-wondering.
The story of this peculiar escapade is
thus told by Miss Loring:
"The whole affair is ridiculous," she
said, "and 1 would give anything to have
it all hushed up. 1 had no Idea that Mr.
Bush li ii any such intention.
"Of course, I used to know him when
we were children together in Sacramento.
He even came to see me once, I remem
ber. But ours was just a mere acquaint
ance. Why. he never even flirted, as the
rest of the boys, do you know.
"When he came to Bee us last Monday
I barely knew him, our acquaintance had
been so long ago.
"Knowing that he had no friends here
mother asked him to stop with us until
the next day, when he said that he would
have to return to Sacramento. We all
treated him kindly because we sympa
thized with him In his loss.
"Monday afternoon a friend and I went
with him to Mountain View Cemetery,
where he had some business to attend to.
We left him there and went down town
to do some shopping.
"The next day he said he must go to
San Francisco, and went away. It must
have been then that he bought the
license, for that evening ho proposed
to me.
"I was so surprised that I hardly knew
what to say. 1 felt sorry for him on ac
count of his mother's death, but the
whole thing was BO ridiculous that I could
not help but laugh.
"I told him it was out of the question
and he must not think of such a thing.
"It was only the next, day while on
the boat going to San Francisco to do
some chopping that a friend spoke to
me of having seen my name announced
as one of the parties to a marriage
license.
"I was fairly stunned, for I had not the
slightest idea that the man had had the
presumption to go and gel a license be
fore he had oven asked me to marry him.
"It is simply awful to be talked about
in this way. And what will my friends
think of me?
"Surely the man's mind is unbalanced.
A\'h>' any Bane man when be was refused
111 about it, 1 think;
don't you?"
Miss Loring's father cannot account for
I>• l Bush's behavior, and says that the
: 1.'.-s of his mother must have at
. his. mind.
Sullivan Held for Trial.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 19.— The preliminary
examination of C. C. Sullivan was con
tinued to-day. The courtroom was crowd
ed, a? on the preceding day. Sullivan's
attorneys made a hard light for their
client, but the evidence was so convincing
as to the prisoner's guilt that Justfcp
Morris bound him over to answer before
the Superior Court nnd lixed his bonds
at $5000. Attorney <!'ss, who prosecuted
the case against Sullivan when he was.
sortenced from Fresno County to fifty
years' imprisonment, was In coiirt a while
this morning and sat beside Deputy Dis
trict Attorney M. l*in. Sullivan had
changed bo in appearance since that time
that Mr. (Joss could not recognize him.
Death of Hugh Craig's Brother.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— Hugh Craig has re
: a cablegram conveying news of the
of his youngest brother, Thomas
Cumming Craig, in a mine at Coolgardie,
m Ausi ralfa. Dec<
have fallen down a shaft last Tuesday.
He was a native of Australia, axed about
40 years, and for the past two years be
had been employed at the mine us super
intendent of tiic underground work.
BOWDEN AND HIS EX-CLIENT.
James Little. Rancher, Explains Why
He Assaulted the San Jose
Attorney.
James Little, ran^h.-r near San Jose,
was Instructed and arraigned in Judge
Mogan's i terday on the charge
Bauit with a deadly weapon and the
was continued fur a week. He Is
out on |Hn*i bonds.
Last Thursday he assaulted Attorney
W. A. Bowden of Han Jose outside Judge
Dalngerfleld's court, and Bowden all ged
that Little used some instrument op his
head. Bowden had appeared as attorney
for Little's wife Alice in a divorce suit,
and had asked for a change of venue t"
Sacramento County, which was granted.
Little denies that he used anything hut
his list upon Bowden, and it is yet swol
len from contact with the attorney's head.
that Bowden first trii
strike him I- fore he made the attack.
"Bowden bad been my attorney," said
Little, "and got $600 out ot' me. He has
my ranch nt Evergreen, near San
tied uji so that J am afraid I will lose it
and be left penniless."
THE PHILHARMONICS
OPEN THEIR SEASON
The San Francisco Philharmonic Or
chestra gave its opening concert of the
second season at Association Hall last
evening. Considering the fact that the
members do not make any great preten
sions as musicians, it must be admitted
that they played very well indeed. There
Is a marked improvement noticeable since
lost season, especially so In the ranks of
the brass and wood instruments, except
ing perhaps the flute, which needs a little
cleaning. '!'!'•■ strings are very strong
and proved the main feature. The orches
tra played: Overture, "Rosamunde"
(Schubert;; selections from "Martha";
waltz for strings (Volkmann); Procession,
from "Meisteralnger" (Wagner). James
Hamilton Howe, the conductor, appeared
to have done some good work with the
orchestra. It promises' to prove a good
acquisition t< the coming musical season.
The BQioists were Bernhard Mollen
hauer and Mrs. Mary Weave? McCauley.
Mr. Mollenbauer is a violinist of superior
ability. His bowing is graceful and firm,
bis tone is mellow and broad and his ex
ecution Imbued with that care and shad
ing which reveal the thorough artist. He
played Wienlawski's Concerto in D
minor, "Serenade," by Schubert; "Ber
ceuse, by Baurei, and "Elfentanz," by
Popper. The beauty of Mrs. MeCauley'a
true lyric soprano la its firmness, and the
lady shows her vocal Intelligence by a
clear diction and. an interpretation re
markably sympathetic. It is the great
care of execution which stamps Mrs. Mc-
Cauley a vocalist of great ability. She
sang the aria "Jerusalem," from the ora
torio "St. Paul/ to which the orchestra
played a very shaky accompaniment, and
some songs by Hawley, Harris, Chisholrn
and l>r. Arne. She was heartily ap
plauded. ALFRED METZGER
Raahe's Family in Trouble.
Fred Raabe, the Democratic politician,
has locked horns with the men of Cap
tain .Tamos W. Gillen's division of the
Mission police force. Raabe's son Fred,
who insists in coming in contact with the
Mission police, was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning: for disturbing the
peace by Officer C. Barnes. This intru
sion into the homestead of Raabe caused
the head of the house to take it on him
self to assert his authority over that of
the Mission force. This he did by doire'nir
the footsteps of Officer Barnes while on
duty on Hlxtecinth street last night
Kaabe and his son-in-law, "lies" Sim
mons, made it a point to station them
selves in doorways along the street, and
as Barnes passed they saluted him in
language anything but choice.
Not desiring to encounter any trouble
from Raabe and his assistant. Barnes no
tified the station of the manner in which
he was being annoyed. Captain Gillen
detailed officer C. Taylor in citizens'
clothes to investigate, and, if Raabe was
guilty, to arrest nim. This.was done, with
the result that father and son-in-law
landed in the police station— Raabe for
drunkenness and Simmons for disturbing
the peace.
The incarcerated politician gave notice
that there will be several vacancies on the
police force in the course of a short time.
Yorke Council Entertainment.
The members of Yorke Council No. 50S,
Young Men's institute, will hold their an
nual entertainment and dance to-morrow
evening in Native Sons' Hall. The affair
promises to be one of the most successful
held under the auspices of this popular
council. Many of the best known of the
local professional and amateur talent
will take part. A prize Cakewalk will be
one of the features of the evening, and a
valuable trophy will be awarded to the
winning couple. The committee of ar
rangements is as follows: T. J. Horan
(chairman), J. J. Monahan, J. J. Riely,
T. Doherty, C. D. O'Connor, Stephen Mc-
Gurk and D. A. Leary^
TEMPERANCE WORKERS.
Contest On for the Place of the Next
Meeting.
SEATTLE, Oct. 19.— When the national
executive committee of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union convened
this morning preparatory to the opening
of the twenty-sixth annual convention
and silver anniversary of the order thirty
two States were represented, with the
Kansas, Texas, California, Oregon and
Other delegations yet to arrive. Already I
ov< r 300 delegates are in the city, and by i
Sunday it is expected the number •will ex
ceed 800,
Th< convention proper does not open un
til to-morrow, and the delegates have been i
taking their time in reaching here the
railway- giving them every facility lor!
stopping off at points of interest to see j
the Bights.
Indianapolis, Milwaukee, Pittsburg and
Washington, D. C, are in the tight for the !
convention of 1900, with the lloosier town '
in the lead, its delegation being hard j
workers and the largest attending ihu
" convention.
! A number of constitutional amendments
will be pr< sen ted by the executive com
mittee. An attempt will also be made to
move tfie headquarters from Chicago to
■ the late Mis- Wallard ti . in Evans
, ton. The movement is meeting with op
position, The < imittee on resolutions
; will probably offer several of more than
' ordinary Interest, dealing with the seating j
of Congressman-eleot ttonerts of Utah
i ips' : nl of affairs in the I'hilin
md the divorce laws.
FIRE AT CHICO.
Large Boarding 1 House on the Rancho
Chico Destroyed.
CHICO, 0 t. 19. Early this morning the
large -house, on the Hancho
• was totally destroyed by fire, the
occupants barely i leaping with their
lives. .Mrs. Hattle Wedekind, who con-
I ■ rding-houie, believes the
'• •■ b ndiary origin. The house
was the property of General Bidwell, and
its destruction removes one nf the oldeßt
houbea in Butte County. It was i. Milt in
■ ' ' ' "rai yean • upled
by the parents of Mrs. E. H. Pom] O f
San 1 it was here that Mr. and
Mrs. Pond were married- General Htd
well I eenly the loss of the building',
noi for Ita value, but on account of the
many historic reminiscences connected
with It.
Death Claims a Pioneer.
SALINAS, Oct. l».— Thomas Reynolds,
an old resident of Monterey County, as
well as a pioneer of California, died here
to-, lay. Up was born in Pennsylvania
and was 77 years of ago. Fifty years ago
he crossed the plains and came to the
Reids of California, and has resided
in the State • ver since. The remains will
be shipped ti Ban Francisco on Saturday
and will be Interred by the Pioneers of
time city. I'eath was due to old age.
— ■ — • 1
THEATER IN FLAMES.
Fire, Supposed to Be of Incendiary
Origin, at Los Angeles.
I.OS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— A fire of un
certaiu origin started in the basement of
the building in which the Los Angeles
•■■l. this evening, and be
fore the flames wt r» quencbad the thea
ter vu daroand l>\ fire, water and smoke
to the ami unt <it" $6000.
Chiel Moore of the tiro department is
, of the opinion that the tire was of Incen
diary origin, :is the hydrant close to the
; theater had been plugged, which groatly
i namperea the department in Us efforts to
subdue and prevent the spread of the con
flagratlon. They succeeded, however in
confining tin- blaae to the buiirifng in
which it started. There whs no show <>n
to night, and the damage is fuliv covered
by insurance.
DR. LMITH DEAD.
Old and Highly Respected Resident
of Santa Rosa.
FAXTA ROSA, Oct. 19.— Dr. R. Press
Smith, one of the best known and oldest
physicians of Sonoma County, died at his
residence in this city to-nighi after a crit".
; leal illness, 11..- was universally respected
■ and at the time of his death was Ileaith
Officer; of Santa Rosa. He was a prnm
; inent Mason and b. longed to a number cf
' other fraternal societies. Dr Smith was
a native of Charleston, B. C. He came to
< alifornia In 1868 and since then has re
! sided in Santa Rosa. During the civil war
).. w .!.-■ .i captain in the First South Caro
lina Regiment and served with distinction
He was a member of tho Episcopal Church
vestry and one of the best known church
man in this State, having served a num
ber of years as a member of the standing
committee. He leaves a widow and ef*rht
children.
Lectures by Professor Jordan.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 19.—
Presidenl Jordan's services as a lecturer
and educator are much in demand!
throughout the country, as is evidenced
by the following scuedule: October "5 ad- j
dress at Installation of President Wheeler
at University of California, Berkeley Oc
tober 28, Red Bluff; October 31 Bridije
water. At Eureka the following week a
Beriea of lectures will be given. The third
week of December will be spent in Los
Angeles and other Southern California i
: towns. Fnmi Los Angeles he goes to Salt
Lake City, where be will address the'i
titan State Tenchers' Association early In
January, thenoe to Helena, Mont., to an
other teachers' convention
On April 1 he will address the students
of the University at West Virginia at
Morgantown. W. Va., speaking at Cleve
! land, Chicago and Hloomlngton Ind on
I his way back to California.
Fortune for a Butcher.
PASADENA, Oct. 10-Ben Johnson, a
suburban butcher of North Pasadena has
been informed that by ilcath pf his aunt
Mrs. Shaffrow, in New York city he In
herits over 1100,680. Mrs. Shaffrow leaves
more than $1,000,600 to be divided amonsr
six brothers and sisters. Johnson was in
formed of bis fortune several days ago
but has continued to run the shop as
usual. The heirs, who moved away Jons:
ago, were found after much trouble
Poor Train Service.
WOODLAND, Oct. J9.-Tho new train
service hardly comes up to expectations.
Woodland merchants are compelled to
rely on the Oregon express for their af
ternoon mail service. That has already
been as much as three hours late and
conditions will no doubt be much worse
when the rainy season begins and storms
are frequent in the mountains.
Railroad Extension.
RANDSBI'RG, Oct. 19.— Eleven survey
ors arrived at Johannesburg this evening,
the first advance guard for the proposed
extension of the Kandsburg railway to
I'.allarat. Another party will arrive be
fore November 1. This la the result of the
many new mines opened in the Panamint
country.
Seeks Heavy Damages.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19— Mrs. F. H.
Bloomburg has begun a suit against the
Los Angeles Traction Company fur $25 -
000 damages for the loss of her husband
About two months ago Uloomburg was
riding a bicycle when a traction car ran
over and killed him.
Woodland Parlor Growing.
WOODLAND, Oct. 19.— Twenty new
members will be Initiated into Woodland
Parlor No. 30, Native Sons of the Golden
West, at the next regular meeting. The
growth of the local parlor during tne past
six months has been something phenom
enal.
REPUTING THE
BURNED FORESTS
Work to Be Begun at
Once Near Pasadena.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Oct. 19.— Work of replant
ing the burned forests of this section will ;
be begun in a few weeks as an experi
ment. Acting Chief Forester J. W. Tou- :
mey of Washington was here on Sunday, ,
and in company with City Engineer Clapp,
ex-Mayor T. P. Lukens and United States
Hydrographer J. B. Lippincott, made an
inspection trip by carriage along the foot '
of the mountains from Arroyo Seco Can
yon to Santa Anita Canyon. As a result
of what Mr. Tourney saw of the burned
districts he has promised that he will use '
his influence with the Government for an ]
appropriation of several hundred dollars
to plant seeds in the burned areas this <
spring.
Ex-Mayor T. P. Lukena and W. G.
Kerkhoff are going to do some planting
on their own account, however, whether
the Government acts or not. But It is
probable that Mr. .Lukens will be appoint
ed superintendent of the tree planting
I which will be done by the Government.
The watersheds have been denuded, and
it is known that unless the trees can be
made to grow in the mountains north of
this city the city's water supply will go.
Water has been very scarce all summer,
iso scarce Indeed that street sprinkling
, had to be stopped for a time in half the
I city, and some of the higher situated resi
dents could not get water in their bath
tubs.
Mr. Lukons, formerly president of the
Pasadena National Bank, has devoted all
I his time of late to studying forestry, just
out of pure love of it. 'When he is in the
mountains he carries with him a sharp
stick, with which he thrusts into the
ground seeds of pine trees that he hap
pens to see. The seeds will not grow usu
ally unless, helped along by artificial
means. Mr. Lukens thinks that if every
body would do just that much many trees
would spring up where now seeds decay.
He has spent the entire Bummer in Bear
Valley, where he built himself a little
house far up in the mountains, surround
ed with all facilities for studying and de
veloping seeds of all sorts. One hundred
pounds of seeds that Mr. Lukens has pre
pared will arrive shortly and will be
planted in the mountains. Forest Rangers
Lew Newcomb and John Hartwell went to
the mountains to-day to carry out this
scheme of Mr. Lukens and Kerkhoff.
They will establish a camp on the ridge
between • Eatons Canyon and the Little
1 Santa Anita.. They will cut fire tracks
along all ridges to the main ridge. Th< <-
tracks are paths through tho brush about
six feet wide, cleared entirely of brush
and leaves, so that fire cannot cross. They
also furnish avenues of access to fires.
-wcomb will plant along these fire
tracks seed of the pinus tubereulata, or
hickory pine, which Mr. Lukens has been
propagating.
The hickory pine is a native of San Ber
nardino County and grows there very pro
fusely. The seeds are found scattered
about the ground. Heat opens them, and
the process is very difficult, because a lit
tle too much heat will kill the seed. The
tree is practically fireproof. When a lire
strikes it is burns a little way, if it has a
good start, and then dies. Sometimes the
tree reaches a height of 100 feet, but not
often. It grows very rapidly. Mr. Lukens
has found by experimenting that in five
years the tree grows so rapidly that if the
seed were planted along the mountains
! three feet apart they would cover the area
almost impenetrably. The seed must have
care, however. It should be planted at the
side of a stone or stick so that the sun's
rays will not wilt the young plant. Seeds
planted last July, three months ago, by
Mr. Lukens have attained a height of
three inches already.
When Newcomb and Hartwell have
planted the ridge between Eaton Canyon
and Little Santa Anita they will plant
between Big Santa Anita and Little Santa
Anita.
The forestry people agree with Mr. Lu
kens thai the first area to be planted is
that which has been burned, partly as a
protection to the native forests now
standing, for the flro will stop when it
strikes pinus tuberculata, Then, too, the
canyons ought to be planted, because it is
in the canyon that the fire usually starts.
If these places were planted the forests
would be very valuable, not alone as pre
servers of moisture, etc.. but the wood is
very hard and available for use in making
ax-handles and the like.
This section is stirred up over the pres
ervation of the forests, so many fires nave
occurred during the past year or two. Mr.
Tourney is impressed by a look at the yel- .
low-brown mountain sides where once tall
trees grew. There is greatJtrouble in get
ting the (I '\vnnent to make appropria
tions. An appropriation has been secured,
however, for the good work of building
trails through the mountains and getting
out the dead timber. All rangers have
been Instructed by Mr. Tourney to make a !
careful inspection through the forests and \
estimating the amount of dead logs that
exist. This estimate will be submitted to i
the Government and the logs will be sold I
to whomever desires to haul them away.
i The Idea is that when fires occur they get ,
1 into the logs and burn for days and weens, j
spreading the sparks to new territory af- ;
i ter the tiro was supposed to have been all
I put out by the fighters. Sometimes logs
1 roll long distances out of burned districts
' into unburned districts and start new dis
| astrous fires. Especially is this true when
! the logs roll into short brush which read
i ily ignites. ;
LABOR FEDERATION WILL
ASSIST THE JEWELERS
Will Take Action for the Purpose of
Obtaining a Reduction in
Working Hours.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 39.— The execu
tive council of the American Federation
of Labor at its session to-day voted that
the federation financially assist the jew
elers of New York, Newark and Provi
dence, with a view of the more thorough
organization of the trade and to be help
ful in every way to secure a recognition
of the union, as well as a reduction in the
hours of their daily labor.
In consequence of the fact that a large
number of employers are alleged to be
unnecessarily forcing their employes to
work long hours per day under the pre
tense of overtime, the executive council
passed resolutions condemning the prac
tice.
The crganization of the workprs of tne
far West was again taken up, and the of
ficers located at headquarters were in
structed to keej> in close correspondence
with the organizers and to suomit the
jiarnps of additional organizers to the ex
ecutive council for approval.
Tho council adjourned this afternoon, to
meet next at T>> troit, Mich., at a date to
be fixed hereafter.
OPPOSE BRIGHAM ROBERTS.
Evangelical Association Adopts
Sweeping Resolutions.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 19.— The Evangelical As
sociation Convention to-day adopted reso
lutions protesting against the admittance
of Brigham H. Roberts of Utah to mem
bership In the House of Representatives,
deploring the exist ?nce of the army can
teen and calling on the President to en
force the law for its suppression; protest
ing against the use of liquor and tobacco,
commending the temperance instruction in
the schools and favoring uniform laws on
marriage and divorce.
It was decided to establish an old peo
ple's home at Flatrock, Ohio. Conference
boundaries were rearranged as reported
by the committee having the subject in
charge.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postal Service Established, Army
Orders and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— Postal service
has been established ■ between Pattiway
and Bakersfield, Kern County; Larkln
and Redding, Shasta County, and Red
Bluff and Rosewood. A. B. Lucas was to
day appointed Postmaster at Piru, Ven
tura County, vice F. K. Woods, deceased.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War, Major Stephen C. Mills,
inspector general, is relieved from duty
In the office of the inspector general in
this city and will proceed to San Fran
cisco. Major Stephen C. Mills, inspector
general, upon completion of such duty as
may be assigned him by the commanding;
general of the Department of California,
will proceed to the Philippine Islands.
Major Louis M. Maus, surgeon, is re
lieved from duty at Fort Hamilton and
will proceed to San Francisco. Assistant
Surgeon Arthur Jordan will proceed from
Richmond to San Francisco. Acting As
sistant Surgeon James B. Pascoe will
proceed from New York City to San
Francisco. Major Henry P. Birmingham,
surgeon, will be relieved from duty at
Fort Douglass and will proceed to San
Francisco. Private James L. Perry, Bat
tery 11, Sixth Artillery, now at the gen
eral hospital. Presidio, San Francisco,
will be sent to Fort Logan, Colorado, for
medical treatment. Corporal Charles
Robinson, Company X, Twenty-second
Infantry, now at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, will be sent to Fort Robinson, Ne
braska.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— William H. Smith,
Santa Maria. y>. Increase— Josephus D.
Warner, Colton. $15 to $17. Original
widows, etc.— Carrie E. Foss, Alpine, $8;
Mary E. Boroff, Los Angeles, $S.
Oregon: Original— Edgar F. Manning,
McMinnville. $6.
Washington: Additional— Lewis D. Wil
liams, Quillayute, $4 to $12.
POLICEMAN INJURED.
Thrown Violently to the Ground by a
Runaway Horse.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— Police Officer
Charles Lenhausen was seriously if not
fatally injured this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
He made a heroic effort to stop a nan
p<wmm&mcmx&mom^ |
8 IN THE NEXT 8 8
1 Sunday Call f I
I THE CAUSES OF THE BOER WARS, I
A By Fred W. d' Evelyn, who fired the first 8
£ British shot at tha siege of Pretoria. 8
1 THE HATFIELD-McCOY FEUD I
S Breaks out in San Francisco, »
I MRS, GEN, FREO FUNSTON 1
8 Tells of her life at Manila, 8
I A CALIFORNIA JUSTICE I
O Who has married 1230 people* ft
1 THE GIRL HUNTER I
S Of the Pacific Coast. R
I HOW TO FIGHT FOREST FIRES ' I
1 WOMEN yOU HAVE ALL READ ABOUT I
3 And the romances of their lives. »
I A '49ER WHOSE CHARITIES |
O Have brought his family to poverty, 8
1 A BOY WHO SEES ONLY AT NIGHT. 1
8 What the doctors think of him. 8
1 EARLY MORNING CALISTHENICS I
ft To make you lithe and supple. 8
<xf O
ns TrtrsmrsTnnnnrs innpnnsirtnnnrs r ttinr6iijnr6TrirBTrirGTnnsttinns sin
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK. I
I THE FiSIIOIMBIE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY 1
5 Season 1899-1900. Now Being Complied. 3
£ — ■ ■ — • °,
jo The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It -will be printed 3
£ on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- 3
i« moid leather, with a handsome design in sold leaf on the outside of the front **
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed ow- °{
£ ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
Jo dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the 3
jo names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members with 5
P their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and ©
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents °
U and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading Twtelß who will be °
Jo permanently located for the winter, °
to Address all changes to ' ©
E CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, -
G 225 Post Street. San Francisco. 3
)o Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 223 Post street. c<
OCEAN TRAVEL. £T
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
j jh^ Steamers leave Broadway
'lHßft*T^ wharf, San Francisco.
IK^S WN- For Alaskan ports. 10 a.m.,
iSRSHfe^ Oct - 3 - 8 ' 13 . 1S - 23 - M: Nor -
-9 ■SvfisGwkß 2 > (-nan C at Seattle.
Biiras«tt ! i3ai For Victoria. Vancoaver
I BTvalßl (B. C.).. Port'Townsend. Ss-
{r^^QSßW sittle. Tacoma, Everett. Anj-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash 19 a. m., Oct. J, i.
13. 18, 23. 28: Nov. J. and |
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and :
0 N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Oct. j
8, 11. 1«, Jl. 2«. 81: Nov. 6 and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cniz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (Fan Luis Oblspo), '
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, :
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and .
Newport, 9 a. m.. Oct. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, »1:
Nov. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dlepro, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lob Angeles), 11 a. i
m., Oct. 5, 9. 13, 17. 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every |
! fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos'* del |
Cabo. Maaatlan. Altata. La Pa», Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each ;
month. 1 ..
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserve? the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arfl hnnrn of **tfliTir.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery ,
street (Pslsce Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. It. & N. CO.
. " DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m,
CADC $ {2 First Class Including Berth !
iflnC 68 Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA... Oct. 20, SO; Nov. 9, 19, 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA .'......,..
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, 24-
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
PflPßlilll R - s - Moana sails
■ iftlllS, via Honolulu and
£**" lwm ** Auckland for Sydney
S Wednesday. Nov. i,
dijr V > at 10 p. m.
JiymSPin^ Th< » s - S. Australia !
MIIDItIU „ salls for Honolulu !
(oß!o<!Rth Wednesday. Nov. 15. j
V^ii.'Mvill^ at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, j
Samoa, New Zlealand, Australia, India, Suez, !
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
I. 0. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO., Acts., 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Qfflcs. 323 Market St. '
away horse on Spring street, near Fifth,
and was thrown violently to the pave
ment. His skull was fractured and he
received other injuries.
DEATH OF A PIONEER. '
George B. Williams Passes Away in
Petaluma.
PET ALUM A, Oct. 19.— George B. Will
iams, a venerable and well-known pioneer
citizen of this city, died at his residence
here at 10 o'clock this morning. Deceased
was the grandfather of the well-known
business man and capitalist George W.
McNear. He was one of the oldest citi
zens of this county. He came to Califor
nia in 1849 and was one of tha builders of
the old Globe Hotel in San Francisco.
I £ i9 * d S a u. h fol ' owe .d but four days after
that of his wife, who was "buried here !a«t
Tuesday. Mr. Williams was S9 veurs of
age.
To Receive Nevadans.
A number of ex-residents of Nevada
met last night in the chamber of Justice
Kerrigan to make arrangements for a
fitting reception in honor of the returning
Nevada Cavalry, which, Is due in a few
days on he », transport Ohio. It was de
cided that the local Nevada Club should
be the chief factor of the arrangements.
The meeting adjourned, until this evening
OUyiC TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, wentbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St. Paul.. pet. 19] St. Paul Nov. 9
New York Oct. 26 New York Nov. IS
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. 18* Friesland Nov. s
Kensington ....Oct. 25 Southwark Nov. 1$
Nordland Nov. lltVesternland ...Nov. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information reirard.tng freight and
passage apply 'to'
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies. '
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing at
Kobe (HI050). Nagasaki ani Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov 1
NIPPON-MART' Pnturday ' Nov. ' Vi
AMERICA-MARU Thursday. Dec. 21
Round.-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pasFage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COMPAQNIE GENERATE TRANBATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jt^r^.
Palling every Thursday Instead of <JU533>
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at *'M'*U»
10 a, m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: I.A TOHRAINE. Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE, Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE. Dee. 7.
First-class to Havre. $60 and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $4.'; 6 per rent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
In?), New York. J. F. FTJOAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agents. a Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticsllo."
MON.. Tues.. Y/ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:80 p. in. (ex. Thurs. night), Tri-
days. \ p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and offlc.?. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ■ . ■ 800
Weeluy Call,sl.oti per Year
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Can. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year,
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery; street,
corner Clay; open until B:SO o'clock.
fOO Hayes Ftrert; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock
615 Larldn etreet; open until 8:80 o'clock.
jj4l Mis* en street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; -open
Until S o'clock.
306 Eleventh rtreet: open until « o'clock.
1096 Valencia street: open until 8 clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-eeoond and Ken
tucky »trr-pi!=: cp^n until > o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Corr.mandery No. 1, K. m.
T No. S Post — Regular assembly *■■•»
THIS EVENING. Order of the Tern- Fa
rile. All fraters crdlally invited. \&8
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEX, V
Commander,
GOLDEN GATE Commsndcry No. 10, jc.
K. T., Golden Gate building. 625 Put- "IKS*
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- O
ING, at S o'clock. The order cf the ft*
lied Cross will be conferred. All fra- V
ters are courteously Invited.
•T. C. CAMPBKI^L, Em. Coin.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
TERBA Buena. Lodge of Perfection No. *\sf*
Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A
ING, at 8 o'clock. D. 14. J£&a
GEO. J. HOBS, Secretary- m "^" r ,
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. end A. ■
M., will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
INO, Oct. SO, at 7:3 o'cloolc. Third J&JI
degree. Bj- order of the Master. *JZ
FRA KICK.IK 11. DAY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. •
321 Eddy Ft., meets THIS EVEN IN O. ~8%-
-7:30 ov: ( . 3D. /%_►%
GEORGE PKNLTNGTON. Eeo. / v '
PACIFIC Lodes No. 155, I. O. O. e&g3W%>,
F., will have a special mating _2_Ss<S£
THIS EVENING, OcL CO. IS", at -?5*^ r
f o'clock sharp, for initiation. T^ -
Vlßiting brothers cordially invited. /
F. L. TURPIN, Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Rec. Seo.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian v I Cy">t.
Club THIS EVENING at S o'clock, A {kgil
at Be ■•••- Mall, 117 I,arkin st. ' > S_XSr
Nominations of candidates for of- J^"
flee ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
G. B. B. A, Brar.rh 22— On account of the death '
Of Brother .JAiiES CANAQAN there will be
a meeting at the regular meeting-place on
FRIDAY. Oct. M, fit 2 p. m.
HARRY P. HOAO. Pre«.
JOHN J. TEKRELLS, Seo.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- I
celved applications to mine by the hydraullo '
rrcews from Henry H. Meyer, et als., In the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downle-
ville, Sierra County, to deposit tailings In a
ravine b«-low the mine; from R. J. Slnnott i
snd F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek j
Tailing Calm, In Goodwin Township, Plumas
Com to d?r*>6lt tailings in Hopkins Creek;
tinfl from .Tp.rr.es C. West, in the Eagle Gulch I
mine, In Butte County, near Strawberry Val- j
ley. to deposit tailings in a worked-out pit, i
fi:lv«3 r.ctlce that a meetlnsr will be held at
room t'9. Flc~tl building. Pan Francisco, Cal.,
en Octooer 10, 1809. at 1:20 p. m.
ANNUAL — Annual meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 527 Market street.
In the city and county of San Francisco.
Ptate cf California, on WEDNESDAY, the
IJth day of October. ISPS, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
beard of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, _r.d the transaction of such other busi-
ness ns may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will close on Saturday, October 14,
1533, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. FHET.DON. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
F. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits Be
b'"' accounts for corporations ■- firms: rvf.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVTCE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle bulldiri?; no advance charges; all cases; :
estates, mortgages, damages. collections, '■
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fee?: call or write. ;
ADVICE free: divorce law a. specialty; private;
no fee without racceaa; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty ot law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St., opp. Mason;
ccnßultatlon free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Erreckels building, 527
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
NAG! & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma j
Bpreckela bull ling, 1-27 Market st. i
ADVICE! free; no charge unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market St.. opp. Ma^oo. i
A WEEK'S rpw« for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. i
16 r-r-™. in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
BATH <:akinj:ts- tiikkmai..
THE Robins-n 4-ranal bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
call and see it: descriptive booklet free. W.
E. BROWN, general ngont. 42-: Ellla St.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
WBTIT?: asoncy, 1454 Market St.; a few '9S
wheels. {25; mechanical repairing.
■ ——————— — — ,^^^i^M^M '
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
THOfi. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY, United States Hotel; roams $1 50
week up, with board $5 50; suit for two with
beard, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vetor runs all night.
A NEW family "hotel, 807 California St.. occu-
pylr.g corner opposite Grace Church.
•*3ELGRAVLV," Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2, $43 up; single, $20.
LEAVENWORTH, 219— Bunny front rooms ;" ex-
cellent table board; desirable location; mas.
MARKET. 1520 (Ixia Palm.ls)— of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin, rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms; gu-
perior table board; bath; piano; reasonable.
PINE, 12::— Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms; suite or single; refs. Miss Hutchlnwon.
POWELL, SOT (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and c'itV-. 'th or without board.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ACCOMMOD A TION for 8 or 8 email children;
mother's care and home comforts. MRS. O.
L. DE MONT, BIS East Eleventh st., Oakland.
GOOD board for one or two children; excellent
home. 3943 Army ft.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission Et.. near THlrd.
BOOTS AND SHOES. ~~
LADIES' bast rubbers, 2Jc and 350; men's
boots, $2; children's shoes, 850 up; ladies'
shoes, $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoe Store. 1333 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
BUSINESS 'CHANCES.
GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca-
tion; best class cash trade;, good horse and
wagon; large stock; fine fixtures and safe;
cash register; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
Restaurant, near car house and 1 car lines;
big regular trade; Saturday and Sundays large
transient; living rooms. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$4250— MILK ranch In city; 54 cows, 7 horses, 3
wagons, farming utensils; everything com-
plete and In tip-top order; 48 cans; best class
trade; offer one of best ever made; positively
full value In sight, with splendid business
thrown In; full Investigation and trial It you
mean business; nona but principals. M.
LESS, 765 Market St.
J. 43O<>— RERTAURA NT and oyster house; Market
si ; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given if
you mean business. M. LESS, 766 Market st.
$250— PAYING branch bakery in the Mission;
4 living rooms; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$471— CORNER ealoon vicinity Flood building;
large Stock; fine fixtures; old established;
owner going East; biggest bargain out. M
LESS, 7C5 Market si.
$275— GROCLRY and bar; best part city; value
In right; estab. 20 years; clearing $100 per
month; proof furnished. M. LESS, 766 Market.
$e?K>— FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; wholesale dis-
trict; must be sold this week on account
othor business. JONES, BGS Market st.
SALOON doing prosperous business; 4 fur-
rms. ; cheap rent. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh EtocU; Invoice $1200; $25 dally; must be
sold; sickness. KREDO & CO., 22Vt Geary st.
. $500— BUTCHER shop; doing business $25 to $35
day; ICO route customers; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
Croat sacrifice. JONES, 856 Market st.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half Interest in
horee, wagon, furniture, brooders, chloken
feed, etc., for sale, or will sell whole. Box
' 876. Call office, Oakland.
ITOR SALE — Corner saloon on water front, with
, rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
. all rented; barroom . rent free. Apply 724
' "FYont st. Price low. ".
'PARTNER In, cheap and useful Invention, or
. ' .'will sell .whole or part. Address 611 Eighth.
RESTAURANT, good steady trade; } living
■z-'fComui cfceftprent. £{_toma bC
'.:-"■ '■•■■-■•
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$350-CORNER ealoon, one block from Market
St., close to Odd Fellows' bldg; rent $40,
lease; daily receipts $18: death cause of sale.
R. O. WILKE. 80S Market st.
J7COO— HOTEL of 120 rooms, of flces^bar. din-
Ing-room, etc. ; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class
faying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe, full-
est Investigation solicited. Call K. •-»•
WILKE, 806 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
160; mercantile lunch: between wbolesH.e
houses and iron foundries: place Rearing _j,.»
per month; lfase. Call WlLliE, S<* Market.
A— CHIROPODIST and manicure
Market and Powell stsj only the very best
Class of patronage: no rent to pay; a epletfld
Offer. R G. WILICB, 908 Market st.
A— s4So-BRANCH bakery and stationery store
en O'Farrell Et.. including 4 rooms: dally re-
ceipts $10; rent, $25; a splendid offer. It. U.
WILKK, BCB Market gt. ;
A-S3JO; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
Ft ; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKi..
tOC Market St.
CIGAR store: very cheap: good location; cheap
rent: owner desires to so to country. Box
997, Call. .
FOR eale-One of the best corner^ liquor stores
■rd saloons In Vallelo; new and complete in
every particular; electric lights; 1 block from
principal wharf; fixtures complete; select
etock of goods; ready for business at once;
price $1000: rent reasonable to good tenant.
Call on FRED HOLLMAX. Hollman House.
Vallojo. Cal.
FOR sale— Liquor store, established 16 yea!-;
retiring from business; 23-room house ana
ktore to let; fixture* and stock will be sold
cheap; long lease If desired; suitable for
grocery, drug store or hotel. 1153 Howard
it., cor, gumner. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FOR sale or trade— bakery and lunch
room- fine Btock of home-made jellies and
relishes: best-paying cafh business in Oak-
land; fullest investigation to right party. 514
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
$1200— CORNER grocery and bar; good corner;
established 10 years; good trade; stock new
and clean; cause of selling old age and re-
tiring from business; lease if desired; Btable
on premises. .T. D. BOHR'S, 662 San Jose
aye., corner Valley st.
$2500— of the best located drug stores in
the city; clearing $200 per month: selling on
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box 544, Call office. r
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
Wick; doing fplendld business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
re*t on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
FOR sale or rent— Good-paying restaurant; ac-
count of leaving town. Address box 871, Call
office, Oakland.
$50— HOB shop; established 4 years; plenty of
work for 2 men; sickness the cause of sell-
Ing. Box 813. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and stationery store: good
location; 3 living rooms; rent $1L 1342 Sao-
ramento" st.
PARTNER wanted with $SO0; $500 cash; balance
': on tlma; light business; come investigate; no
agent. Call at 1 Eighth St.. barber shop.
$4£o— FIRST-CLASS horseshoeing shop with
large stock and Al cash trade; cheap rent
bears Investigation. Inquire 169 Third st.
BARGAIN; restaurant and oyster house op-
! site ferry; established £5 years. Box 221,
Call office^
GOOD-PA rooming house, for cosh; 16 j
rooms. 133 Hyde st.
VALUABLE patent for gale. 16im Polk st.
BARBERS, attention— Shop pays $33 a week;
compelled to sell cheap. Box 818. Call office.
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon; central
location: for sale cheap. Inquire Call office.
BUSINESS for sale: candy, stationery, notions
and cigars. 8355 Twenty-second, nr. Valencia.
6 ROOMS: nicely furnished: must sell or rent
this week. Box 763, Call.
HALF or whole interest grocery store; f-*tab.
12 years. Call 1510 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
LUNCH place and variety store for sale;
j cheap. £474 Mission st.
JGOO — PORK and delicacy store; $30 day; trial
given. Box 843, Call office.
WELL paying restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila, Box 206, Call office.
FOR sale — Dining-room; serving 290 meals p«r
day; rent $::: Investigate. Box 2,04. Call office.
WOOD and coal yard: established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 703, Call office.
$200— PAINT shop: estab. 40 years; good stock:
fine tools. R. WILLIS, r<C6 Washington st.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
74! Mission Ft.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWEXX & CO. f B, 412 Sacramento St.
= i
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
j
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGA.V & SON, 2117 Mission St.
ICO SETS Eecnnd-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buptries. surreys and hrryp?. 1140 Folsom ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South ISO.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter St.;
tel Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.
BTRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
et. ; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 533 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND *1 IKI I L ALISAI.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced Bhe will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tolls
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method" i
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never falls In her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to I
p. m., 7-10 p. in.; L. 60c; G. $1. 612,* Eddy st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN— To-night, grand cymbal
test circle; 25c 641 Jessie, st. off. Seventh; sit-
tings. •
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2, 8 '
p. m. 14 McAllister St., r. 35; admission 10-?.
JOHN SLATER— c to-night, 8:15; sittings I
dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON. palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 2*.c. 148 Sixth 6J., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
22c; correct answers to all questions. 8 7th st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt., near Mission.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; sittings
dally; test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c; 2, 8 m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1204
Market St.. cor. Golden Gate aye., parlor 14.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent elatewriter.
330 Ellis st. seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. 60c. $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 100. 1035 Market.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.; Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 21214 Sixth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds - and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Bpear st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 6 and 6 rooms, basement,
yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath;. cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth st., near Dolores.
6-ROOM cottage; newly papered and paint-
■'*_.g<U,.7 a jrtU .Pftaemeat. r jloS^Ubtrt ju.y — %£
THE SAN" FKAN CISCO CALt, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
DENTISTS.
■W «:* .!..!■!,. .1.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental' parlors. »27
Market St., over Cafe Zflnkasd— extract-
ed without pain by the use erf electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work nt reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings ' from $1 up; other fillings from sOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 TO up; flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; opan
evenings and Sundays. ,-
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Fynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; Pee our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; finings, 60c; crowns. $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, Soi» Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
VAX VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Deutscher Ztahnarzt, 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DU.2, r. 211. Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In E. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN drtscmaking, 3SJ Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made ever; perfect fit.
— . — ~. _ j— »— — -^^»>^"™»^^^
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayre»' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing: pat action guaranteed; catalogue.
HKALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new tO-pnge catalogue free.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: Funny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Pus. College. 1238 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, •civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. 6urvey.sLßsay,archl.:day and even.;
eet 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, »33 Market.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
SPANISH— True thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. M. Ruiz. 201 Ash aye.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW Schools, 827 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpsic; lemons 7So. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. SOS Larkln St., opp. City Hail.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
nay and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleanins. 421 Post; tele-
j'hone Main 1988,
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 428 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant i"6.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4!4H O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
SAM KFE. 613 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nl^hed promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
FIELD'? Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay Ft. : phone Davisi £21.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist housework. MISS IL CULLI-
NAN. 523 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation ;
nlao a first-class French cook with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Putter.
NEAT Swedish woman wishes plaoe in small
family; is a good cook and liaa good ref-
erences; will do small washing; wages not less
than $20. 1142 Howard gt.
TRUSTWORTHY first-class cook; can take full
charge of kitchen; best references; institu-
tion, hotel, club.^A. 8.. care of MR3. HOLM-
BEP.Q, &23Vi Howard st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
Trashing, ironing and cleaning. Call at 856
Mission st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper. Call between 9 and 12,
Golden West Hotel, Ellis St., room 27.
WANTED— By a middle-aged German woman,
a situation for cooking and housework. Call
at 8504 Mission st, near Thlrty-flrst; wages $20,
GERMAN girl wants general housework; cook-
ing; city references. 2048 Mission St., bet.
Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
YOUNG girl wlFhes a situation to do house-
work and plain cooking. Call at 618 Lin-
den aye.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. Address 837 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes to do kitchen work; good cook;
also willing to do housework. 403 Third st.
POSITION as wet nurse; healthy, respectable;
reference. M. K. T., Call branch, Alameda,
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and bookkeeper in an office; position more of
an object than wages; first-class references.
Address box 999. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's maid or seamstress; speaks French,
Italian and a little English. Address box
839, Call office. j
YOUNG lady or girl of Christian principles ad
| companion for elderly lady; small wages;
[ good home: across the bay. Box 715, Call.
DANISH lady wishes a position as house-
keeper; city or country. Address box 812, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes a position by day
washing or houßecleanlng. 158 South Park.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
A TRAINED male nurse, graduate of Belle-
vue, N. V., wishes engagement with private
family. Address 330 Eddy Ft.
WOMAN desires to do general housework and
cooking: references; nearly 3 years at- last
place. 436 Brannan Ft., bet. 3d and 4th.
j MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as an
Infant's nurse, care of children or laundress;
references. Box 817, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
Rnd baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bt*. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086 Va-
lencia Ft.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— middle-aged man would like po-
sition of trust; fully capable in any capacity;
good penman; first-class references. Address
box 991. Call.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; steady, sober and Industrious; can
milk; handy with tools; good references. Ad-
dress box 74, Call office. Oakland.
GOOD all-around cook and baker wishes situa-
tion; eobor and reliable. JONES, 108 Sixth
Et, room 17.
YOUNG man, experienced nurse, would like a
patient in hospital or private house. Box 717,
Call. ■-
POSITION as hotel clerk by experienced man;
best of references. Address box 842, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
SITUATION as fireman; some knowledge of en-
gines and pumps. Box 804, Call office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants place in small
family. Address 1605 Buchanan st,
YOUNG man 26 wishes situation to learn car-
penter trade. 5 Poet-st. court, near Larkln.
STABLEMAN, reliable, wants position; all-
round man; long experience; city preferred.
Box 709, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener, good horseman and
milker, wants position; bandy with tools;
best references. Box 225, Call. ' -~ -■
A MARRIED man wants work of any kind to
make an honest living; understands teaming.
Address 948H Mission et- .
HAVE $500 to lnvtßt With, services; no agents, j
30 *. «*• paiU !_>"-" ~— p -^- (
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy end willing; references;
city or country. Box 809. Call.
RESPECTABLE man and wife wish positions
to do chamber work and waiting at table.
Box 815. Call.
POSITION as painter wanted by a young ex-
eoldier with an honorable discharge from the
army. FRED RAUSCHER, 223 Mason st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a situation as a
school boy; wages no object. TONOKI, 2 Eu-
reka place, off Larkln, near Bush.
YOUNG Irishman wishes situation of some
kind; would like to learn bartending. Box
S3S. Call.
"WANTED— Position as assistant carpenter by
steady young man with 1 year's experience.
W. W., 12tj Hill st. ;
GERMAN man and wife want to pet work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH otl'.ce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
loncla st.
EXCHANGE.
20 ACRES fruit and walnuts: good buildings;
near Los Angeles: $6600 clear for property
around bay. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071*4 Market Ft.. Pan Franclßr-o: exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2o— SCOTT st.; 5 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, wanhtrays. etc.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick — Modern
gunny flat; S rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
llet you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
HAVES, — Fine double flat; 8 rooms and
bath; yard and garden; reduced rent.
McALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
O' FARRELL. 1933-1937— New flats; Just com-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON St
BURKE. -.:
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern; sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417H Third st.
VALLEJO. 1121, near Leavenworth— Flat of 4
rooms; sunny large yard.
$17 Ko— «-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
E4l Castro st.. near Nineteenth.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished fiat of 8 rooms for sale.
having 4 boarders. 1*136 Sacramento st.
>»--»«—»—»»_——_-»»■————————«■ i
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp. 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined.
ECc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
™ FUR N I TUR B wasted!
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— S3OOO carpets.furniture.etc.: highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllvereteln.ll2l Market.
FURRIKKS, FUI'.S. ETC
i ELECTRIC seal capes. AFtrakan yokes, $10 to
130. P.OBT. WALLA 31.1 Kparny. top floor.
HELP - WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to Fell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First f=t.. San Francisco.
SOLICITORS wanted: salary besides commis-
sion. Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1484 Mar-
ket Bt., 2 to 5.
WANTED— LadIes or gents; salary and com-
mission. 114 Jones st. s
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
cTlvTLK^S^N^&^CcTrrri^H^E^RANTlsS
2 waitresses, Nevada, $20 and fare paid, see
party here; 2 waitresses. Woodland, $20; wait-
ress, Bakersfleld, fare here, $20; waitress,
Jamestown, $20; waitress, San Jose, $25; wait-
SB, Redwood City, see party here, $20; 3
waitresses, city. $-5; second chambermaid,
country. $15 and fare paid, see party here;
2 laundresses, $20 each; girl to make button-
holes, $6 week: finishers on suits, $10 week;
25 girls for housework, $20, $25; housekeeper
for middle-aged lady. $10. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 cooks, German family, $35; cook,
American family, $30; 5 cooks. German style,
$25 and $30; 4 second girls, $20, city and short
distance; 2 waitresses, hotel, $20; chamber-
maid, country hotel, $18; hotel cook, country
$30; 2 boarding house cooks, city, $25; 2
French second girls; numoer of girls for
cooking and housework, city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
i COOKS, $35 and $30; Infant's nurse. $25; 2
nursegirls, $20 each; nurse. Invalid. $20; sec-
ond girl, $20; 6 housegirls, $25 and $20; house-
girl, Oakland, $25. MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
American family. Inquire after 8 a. m., 712
Cole St., near Waller.
WANTED — respectable girl to help at
housework in small family; $15 per month and
increase. 1215 Bush st.
WANTED— Competent young girl to elderly
woman for light housework. 1317 Caroline St.,
Alameda, '
YOUNG girl or woman to assist with cham-
ber work; no children. MRS. OLSIN, 8
Clay st.
EXPERIENCED operators on Bonaz braiding
machines; also a few girls for finishing work.
121 Post fit., room 31.
ALTERATION hands on Jackets and suits;
must be first-class operators. Apply Em-
porium Cloak Department .
WANTED— tailors; good wages.
FRANCIS. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— lmprovers on skirt* and waists.
FRANCIS, 796 Sutter fit.
BRIGHT young lady to learn printing trade;
small wages to start. 626 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS experienced saleslady for cloaks
and suits. Paris Cloak House, 1114 Market.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping for 1;
wages $8. Call 710 Lombard st.
GIRL, 14 to 16, to help mind baby; comfortable
home; small wages. 1562 Post st.
WANTED — girl for chamberwork; come
prepared to work. 969 Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; good
wages; references. 424 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— for general housework; wages
$20. 15 Ds Long aye.
WANTED— GirI to assist In second work and
care of grown child. 2293 Franklin st.
GIRL wanted in small family; on* to sleep at
home preferred. 1765 Ellis st.
WANTED— young girl for second work. 2016
Buchanan St.
GIRL to help wait at table. 8 Golden Gate
avenue.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing; $20; call before 12. 2616 Union st.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLSt
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. J24 Fremont st..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chir.<»« and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on ehlrts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gouxh and Grove sts.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker; pay
wages from $9-$l2 week for good hand; also
good finisher on coats. Call at MIKE'S Tail-
oring Shop, 135 Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS hands on ladles' tailor skirts
and coats; only best need apply; highest sal-
aries paid. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny.
OPERATOR on coats; one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work and good pay. 718 Market st.
WANTED— talloress; good wages; steady
work. 854 FoUom Ft.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for house-
work and assist In store; no family. 112 Sev-
enth st. .-
WANTED— on skirts. FRANCES,
796 Sutter St. ' - ■
WANTED— Young girls to assist In light house-
work. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
MILLINERY trlmi rs and makers : wanted.
MRS. E. LYNCH. 1003 Market st.
WANTED— GirI to do light housework and
mind children; $8. 19 Perry st.
NICE German girl to help In baker store; sleep
home. 1205 Polk st.
YOUNG girl to take care of a child one year
old; sleep home. 1205 Polk st.
GIRL to assist with with housework; sleep
home. 1219 Webster at. "
■WANTED— hands - on silk and
- woolen waists. £. F. liSg. Co., Turk fit
I '" "
HELP WANTKD-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home. H.
FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell st.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts and capes;
good pay. MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
era wanted on custom work. 509 Kearny. r. 2.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffatt.
WANTED— German girl to assist in general
housework. 418 Brannan et., near Third.
SEVERAL ladies who want to make money at
home. 472^ Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A GOOD finisher on pants; good wages. 609
Kearny Ft., room 1.
GIRL or woman for light housework. Apply
66 Joost aye.. Sunny side.
TAILOR ESS as pants finisher. 6ft Kearny St.,
room 18.
WANTED— 3 or 4 energetic ladies; good pay.
114 Jones st.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experience
operators on French overstitch. 121 Grant ay.
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia Bts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
HELP WANTED MAM;.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6848
Loading Employment and Labor Agents
Want to-day, from 7 a. m.. HELP FOR ARI-
ZONA. UTAH. WASHINGTON, OREGON,
BRITISH COLUMBIA AND ALL PARTS OF
CALIFORNIA
harnessmakcr for ranch bench hand
wheelwright, country shop wood turner
band sawyer shoemakers slate splitters
lather sash and door maker block maker
shingle packer Iron molder — granite cutter
$3 50, $3, $2 50 day COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
6 GOLD MINES 6 SILVER MINES
18 OTHER MINKS
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
36 miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found
E2 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month. Including board anif lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $63
16 laborers, you will Bult, fare $2 60 $52 50
27 laborers, you wSI suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found
GRKIAT CROWDS. .MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS DAIRIES STABLES
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
E8 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $28, $25. $20 and fd
12 milkers $30, 125 and found
12 chore m»n and boys $20. $15, $10 and fd
MURRAY & READY. «34 and 636 Clay.
V.T, PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS, ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
..197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT J085....
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
Wages from $26 to $40 and found
....Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers...*
Tree fellers, bnrk peelers, Jaekscrewers
woodsmen and mlllmen of every description,
$80. $75. $65, $00. $45. $40, $30, and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
WK PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634 and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES
26 laborers, inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare BOc $60
32 quarrymen, country $60
SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and
country Jobs, $3, $2 f,O. $2. $1 75 day; some by
the day. others factories,, etc
MT.'RRAY & READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS BAKERs7~ETcT
IS cooke, also second and third
$56, |45, $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
32 dishwashers $25, $20, $16 and found
6 porters, $20 and found Hotel Bakers. $49
4 bakers, flr«t, second and third hands
B laundryrnen $40, $35, $25 and found
Bedmakers. 2 barbers $50
RRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE ship you free RAILROAD WORK
lr*. t^RmPters and laborer* $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
12 CARPENTERS, steady Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK find wife, $50, see boss here; 4 milkers
and farmers and wives. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Kitchen crew for country hotel,
$200; baker for miners' boarding-house $40;
cuok and wife, country hotel, $90; hotel sec-
ond cook, $40; hotel baker, $40: waiters, dish-
washers and others. J^ F. CROSETT & CO.,
6:s Sacramento st.
WANTED— Shingle sawyer. $45 and found; 8
men and wives, $30, $35 and $45; buggy
washer, $C 0; machinist, $2 50 day; miners,
$2 25 and $2 50 day; timberman for mine. $2 75
day; laborers for mines and quarries, ?2 day;
muckers, $2 10 day; house painter, $3 day:
vegetable gardener. $30; paperhanger, $3 50
day. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 !
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, . $40 and found; 2
laborers about mine, good steady Job, $26 and
board; 40 laborers for mills, lumber yards and
railroad, $2C and board, rare in advance; 5
men to handle grain and drive team on large
grain ranch, good place, Jl r.O per day and
board and $26 to $30 per month; 3 gangplow
men, $26 and $30; milkers, farm hands, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay et.
A MAN and wife: country; man must be good
ranch hand; $40; good place; call early.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
NOW open — Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market st., nr. Sth.
WANTED — An experienced wax thread oper-
ator. Apply to CAHN, NICKELSBURG &
CO., 115-117 Hayes St.
1 COMPOSITOR and 1 pressman wanted at
HAVES VALLEY PRINTING AND STA-
TIONERY CO., 310 Hayes st.
BOY between 17 and 20 years who has knowl-
edge of photography; state experience. Ad-
dress box 300, Call office.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday. 797 Mission
street.
WANTED— I barbers at 65« Fourth et-
BARBER wanted to-day. 1207 Scott st.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
538 Valencia st.
BEN MOSER— CaII at Front and Clay sts., bar-
ber shop. ED WHITNEY.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS & CO., 24 Sutter Bt.
BOY living in Western Addition to carry morn-
ing paper. Box 995. Call.
WANTED— First-class shoemaker to-day. 2765
Mission St., between 23d and 24th.
A GOOD cabinet stock cutter wanted at
WILLIAM BATEMAN'S, 825 Folsom st.
CARPENTER at ISI O'Farrell Bt.
YOTTNG man to learn saloon business. S. E.
cor. Clay and Davis sts. ; references.
COOK wanted at 369 Hayes st. ; call after I
a. m.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairs; steady work.
'.'-: Mission Bt.
WANTED— Boy, IB to 18 years old. for light
services ; references. Apply Hotel Baltimore,
Van Ness aye. and Geary rt.
BARBERS— Shop In good country town for sale
cheap; shaving 25c. DECKELMAN BROS.,
Earbers' Supplies, 108 Ellis st.
WAITER or waitress at Manhattan House, 825
Battery st.
BARBERS— Good paying 15-cent shop at a bar-
gain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. 862 Mission Bt., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLAPS bushelman. San Jose Woolen
Mills, 523 Market St., room 3, 12 to 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Boy speaking Italian and French.
The Ceylon Tea and Coffee Co., 1143 Market.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d ets.
WANTED— Gardener. Call at 1211 Polk st.
BOY tor printing office. Apply P. BOULIN.
519 Filbert st
OYSTER and chophouse cook; must he able
to open oysters; Greek or Slavonian pre-
ferred; wages $30; room and board. Inquire
at THE LOUVRE, San Rafael.
PAINTER or young man who has done house
painting. Call at 376S Twenty-fourth st., near
Church.
FIRST-CLASS crayon and water color artist.
Apply 21 Powell, room 35.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman in piano house
Box H29. Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
Bt,, near Polk.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
FIVE good hustlers, not afraid to work; good
!* pay to right men; salary. £00 Post st.
HELP ANTED— MALE.
FRF^FARrE77rcOAST~ROAD....FREE FEE
Teamsters and laborer ship Monday and
Tuesday. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HEAD and second cooks, country hotel, $60 and
$40; second cook, $60; second cook, $40; 6 res-
taurant cooks, $S, $10 and $12 a week; pantry-
man, $25; dishwashers, vegetablemen. kitchen
hands, city and country, $20. $25 and $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■-
MAN and wife for a bathhouse; $60; see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
RAILRAOD laborers and teamsters, $2 a day,
free fare; laborers for a quarry, $2 a day; la-
borers, city, $2 a day: woodsmen $26 to $35,
fare advanced; stonemasons, railroad work,
$3 50 a day, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
JAPANESE man and wife for cooking and up-
stairs work; private family; $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted as a part-
ner to go into business; good opportunity for
the right man. Box 707, Call office.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary FeAmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 2."c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus ond baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky Fts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. _
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1519 Mission St., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day or sale. 8.
WATKINB & CO., auctioneers. N. Sale*
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggiei,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR Handsome trotting mare, with trot-
ting buggy and harness; complete; suitable
for gentleman's use. Apply at 1011 Sutter »t.
FIXE span strawberry colored horses; age 6
years; suitable for light delivery work; 1
menth from ranch. 15 City Hall square.
tO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine mafched black teams.
FOR sale — A number of work, road and busi-
nefs horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna St.. bet. First and Second.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
$1300— 30-ROOM house; finely furnished: all
rented; on Market; central. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
IF you wish to buy a lodging house, 100 of the
best bargains in city. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$3000 House of 16 rooms, 12 furnished; pays
from $70 to $75 a month: or will rent (or $30
to responsible party. 113 Trenton St., bet.
Pacific and Jackson. Stockton and Powell sts.
12 FURNISHED rooms on Third st. $350; cause
sickness. COWING & CO.. 935 Market St.
BUSH. Furnished house: 48 rooms; gas and
water every room; a bargain; $"0.
HOUSES TO LET.
— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house containing
8 rooms and bath; large yard: modern: 201J
San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st. station,
Alannda; rent cheap. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
$12 60—11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. , |
I $12— 6-ROOM house and bath. 729 Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan Bts.
REDUCED to $48; 9-room lodging house; 313%
O'Farrell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE. 6 rooms; renovated throughout; bath,
hot and cold water: $18. 353 Jessie st.
HOUSE of 10 rooms; large garden and stable.
4 Colllngwood st.
LOST /AD FOUND.
LOST— Tuesday evening, October 17, Vallejo St.,
near Buchanan, long gold stickpin, with a
star of small diamonds and pearls, a star
sapphire in the middle; suitable reward. Box
996. Call.'
j LOST— A black overcoat at Grand Opera-house
Monday evening. Liberal reward will be
given if returned to 344 Grove st.
LOST— Pair of white pearl beads. In vicinity
of Union st. Return 3112 Fillmore st; reward.
LC IT— Rocker, on Larkin st. Oblige employe
by returning to Bare Bros., Ninth & Market.
LOST— 4 p. m. Tuesday, on Ellis, near Leav- i
en worth, black cocker spaniel (male puppy);
padlock collar. Liberal reward at 430 Ellis.
LOST— Black and tan Dachshund pup, 4 months
old. Reward at 817 Market st.
LOST— Black spotted coach dog; 10 months old;
license No. 2557; reward. 1505 Folsom st.
LOST— A pass-book With the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH SAUL. No 190-085. The
finder will please return to bank.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
'~~~~ MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St.. between
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2731; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to a p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 113 Eddy st.
MRS. DR..GWYER. ladies' physician. 610
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin. '
HOME In confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness ava.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all die-
ea?es of the human body. 115 Mr -on st.
MINES AND MINING.
DRIFT gravel mines and partly developed
■ quartz mines for sale nt low figures; may be
paid for out of proceeds; purchaser may deal
with owner direct; also placer ground qpen
to location. W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F : tel Main 544.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
6t., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
RECORDS or charts I. O. O. F., 10c each;
framed 75c up; 2 French beveled plate mir-
rors, one 40x58 inches in 4-Inch blrdseye maple
frame, $28; 1 unframed. 40x54 inches, $19.
JONES, 547 Mission st.
FRAME building and stable for sale cheap;
has to be removed. Cor. Main and Bryant.
SAFES— and second for banks, merchants
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes';
epeele chests; bullion safes, vaults etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st.. S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust S R
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.'
S HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE, 220 Fremont.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
i op exchanged; turn, bought. 214 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BrTcREELY ; ¥'cTp. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 33() Kearny st., near Pine.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEX. 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
FOR sale— oak cabinet-maker's benches;
cheap. 1523 Fifteenth st.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 64S Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. 8. White, 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.: gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WANTED— Irish setter hunting dog; small pre-
ferred; well trained; state price and where
may be seen. Address box 225, Call office.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; lons Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
Bold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 11* Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good rtcurlty; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long a3 you de-
eire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
gall CS-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
Eecond mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies/ life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor, Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount Jit 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. , Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AX, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me:ssoto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages;estates In probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; ad vies
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 848 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party en furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
OX real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st. ■
CASH ioaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California St., room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry. stock; lovr
rates. J. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs. :
any proposition. DRYDEX, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission;. private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without. indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. r,?,n Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for it
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
!n good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
FORTY years in business here has placed us
in position to serve you better than most oth-
ers; a tine assortment of Hazleton and other
pianos at the lowest prices: a few used pi-
anos at great bargains; a Steinway upright,
Hardman, Chase Bros., Arion, Dewing Bros.;
specials for this week; squares from $25 up.
THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor. Flood build-
ing. Fourth and Market sts.
I A FEW bargains for this week.
Three organs, $."'0 up.
Steinway upright: first-class condition.
Steck; nearly new; walnut case.
5 squares. $40 up; $4 per month.
Four r.ew Webers; reasonable offer accepted.
One Chickering; mahogany case.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
nil other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
DECKER ft SON pianos are always best to
buy. At MAUVAIS'. 7C9 Market st.
$100, $150. $175, $200 or $250 WILL pay for a good
piano at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St., if you
buy now.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
PIANOS: great bargains; $25, $30, $55, $GO, $200.
1131% Mission st. '
A FINE Steinway upright left by private party;
sacrificed. Room 12. Flood building.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento 6t., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A— UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent — Large cement-floored basement,
suitable for wine vault. Address box 714, Call.
PACIFIC. 324— Handsome large store; cheap to
good tenant.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard St., large
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil~oT~Count~itr^er^
main. 636 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours, ItoB p. m. ; reading by mall, $1.
PERSONALS.
MRS? F^NT^fN^^~man7airT^ai^rs- open
from 10 to 12 and 1 to 9 p. m. 326 A Ellis st.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10a
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ;, 706 Ellis st.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges Jewelry
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA hair tonic; a pow-
erful nourishment to weak and impoverished
hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
IMPORTED HAIR styles hairdressing. 25c-
shampooing, £0c; short hair, 2:-c; restoring
gray hair to natural color, $1 50 to $5- bleach-
lng roots of hair, 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stkn.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trad:
Attorney at Law, | and Copyright
No. 4 butter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to "order, $10 75; pants. $3 7.V
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 _Third st near Market MOO rooms;
2,.c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus an! baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:3 d. m. E "
HAQUETTE.
DR. C A. McQUESTEX has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office. 317 Powell st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, 722 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St., nr. Cal.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verlte
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 308 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— invention for china deo-
Orators, gee S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansonie st,PERSONALS. I
: "BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
: %tlon. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 POBt st.
MMF.. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
. ' from OFanell to 132 Eddy st.
MLLE. CLAIRE RERTRAND, manicure par-
• ■H: lors, 23S Kearny Jit., first floor, room 2-3.
LA'CHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you v.-lsh Cull value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec- i
itlon; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
?<LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
■Tewel.-r. 24S ■■'■■;,■..■■] bet. Powell & M.is.:-..
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service: country orders our specialty;
catalogue tree. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
' -'■ Vj Market st . bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
SMALL ranch wanted; must be reasonable.
B..>x 70S, Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF RESIDENCE, INVESTMENT
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
AT SALESROOM,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
MONDAY OCTOBER 23. 1599,
At 12 o'clock noon.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
1720 Bryant St., c r. 17th: grand 2-story resi-
dence; 12 rooms, bath, luundrv and servants'
room; largo stable, etc.; lot 100x125.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
523 I'Farrell st., near Polk; modern 8-story
bay-window house, 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 x
120. to Olive aye.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
*417 California St., near Fillmore; 7 rooms and
bath; renting for $30; large lot, 34:4^x137:6, to
close an estate.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Callfornia-et. lot, near Devisadero; north aide;
88:2x137:6; one of. the choicest lots on this fine
street.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
2043, 1043^3 and 2045 Mission St., near 16th;
three-story bay-winJow building of 2 flats and
etore; fiats contain 7 rooms and bath each;
renting for $C 0 per month; lot 25x105.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
Noe and 26th et6. . SE. corner; SOxlU; level
and ready to build on; street sewered.
MANUFACTURERS' SITE.
ISth and Harrison sts.; SE. corner; 50x124:2; 3
fronts.
TEAMSTERS. ATTENTION.
Ifth St., SE. cor. of Treat aye.; 39x150; suit-
able for stable or factory.
3 BUILDING LOTS. TRUSTEES' SALE.
Kast side of Florida St., near 16th; 25x100
each; on car line.
POTRERO LOTS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Nine lots en Utah and Nebraska sts . cor.
If'th St.: 2'xlOO each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
CENTER * SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
FORCED SALE.
Reduced to one-third real value; 15 lots on i
Paci^c Heights, including 2 corners; only
I1L000; or single lots from ?600 up; send for
plat. Box 992, Call office.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4m»; RENT $340 A YEAR
$1000 CASH, B.VL. MONTHLY
Five and nine room? each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
w**st of First aye.. atid you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery St.
$lS r 'O — $14 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st.
l-'OR sale — Business property on Howard st.,
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. See i
Bew Drus Company, Alameda.
CHICKEN ranch on San Bruno road; $SOO. Ap- ■
ply to MRS. GRAVES, opp. Bix-mlle House.
- . — . = i
REAL ESTATE — COfNTRY — For Sale!
J.J500; WORTH $7GOo!
Lot 100x200, corner San Leandro road and ;
Rose st., In Fitchbure; new building, con-
taininc store, saloon, 7 rooms, all Improve-
ments; In rerfect order; fine garden; stable I
and v.arehuuse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
nets of owner. Apjily on premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door; also branch office Call, Oakland.
TO lease — Contra Ccsta County, on San Pablo
Creek, 3 miles from BerVeley. 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded; 250 acres goou grain land:
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person !
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
. .^^_
CALIFORNIA, 2U'si— Nicely furnished Eunny j
rooms, ull modern conveniences, bath, gas,
complete for housekeeping; also sunny rooms
for gentleman: a quiet comfortable home.
CLAY, 24^1. in rear, near Fillmore — unfur- !
r.lnhed upper rooms; water; rent $7.
CLARA, IC6, near sth— 2 furnished rooms; $6;
1, 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH. 3."3— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13: also single, $5 to $7.
FIFTH 309— New house; parlor, kitchen, bed-
room, hot and cold water; Ist floor; other rms.
GEARY, C 22 —2 large sunny front rooms; large
yard; ground floor; for housekeeping.
JACKSON. 920, near Furnished large
sunny housekeeping rooms, $7 to $3; single, $4.
KEARNY, 230— Single rooms, tunny front and
housekeeping rooms.
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— furnished
rooms; unstalrs; $14.
NATOMAI 739— Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; $10 per month.
OAK, 116— Elegant newly furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; private.
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Nicely turn, rooms; com-
r.We for housekeeping; telephone Black 1259.
POST, 2'J')7— 3 rooms; furnished for housekeep-
ing; modern improvements; $12 50.
SCOTT. 1210— Two nicely furnished rooms; bath;
kitchen; gas range.
SIXTH, I&— Furnished rooms. $5 and $6; also
suite; privilege of light housekeeping.
THIRD. 143 •rland House)— Sunny front
rooms: complete for keeping;.
THIRD. Sl6— Housekeeping rooms. $1 75 and $2
a week. .
TWELFTH, 40— Large sunny front suite for
housekeeping, $10.
VAN NESS, SlS— Sunny unfurn. rooms or furn.
to euit housekpg.; running water; gas, bath.
1 FRONT sunny rooms, suitable for house-
keeping. 515 Franklin st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hap been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nutmcrlptlona has been established at 1096 V'a-
l»nria Ft.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infarn.
AN up-to-date new fire-proof building — "San
Antonio"; opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and coll water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms.
2Jic to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open ail night.
AT Hoi Francisco, Turk nd Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms f.Oc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suits and
single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen
und families: elevator; special rates to trav-
eling men.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosednle House)— Nice rooms. 25c
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS, 518— Large Bunny rooms; single or en
suite; everything new; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 322-$ l week; large sunny" furnished
rooms; closet, bath; private.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: truvelcrs accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY. 656— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor; plar.o; phone; housekeeping; other
rooms.
GEARY, 73G— Neatly furnished room; bath; $6.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1529—3 unfurnished rms.,
with carpet, pantry, bath and water free; $14.
- ■' . ..s- :\'". ■■. . ."■ -■ _.;■.'-■ ■ ■.-■-*' ■■■'- ■ '"', ■;.*" .- . ■"-".■..■.■ ■■': t .. . v _>-_ ;. .■'•.-■.-.^
ROOMS TO — 1 nrn. and Infnrn.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cur. Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $0 per week.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
sunny room; board optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE, B— Two nice unfurnished rooms; sunny;
desirable location; prices reasonable.
HYDE. 19, near McAllister— Newly furnlbiied
sunny rooms; best location; prices reasonable.
LOCUST aye;, 103 H. near Polk— Large front
room, 2 closets, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen: $6 and $8.
| MCALLISTER, 515— Nice sunny newly fur-
nished rooms; gas, bath, running water;
transient. .■?-.■-.
McALLISTER, 702 Vi — Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fain.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished single rooms, 75c
and $1 per week.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
"NEWPORT," 21 Frankl'.r., nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up; also hkpg.
OAK ■■ Nicely furnished sunny room; pri-
vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Nicely furnished rooms,
single or en suite; telephone Black 1299.
O'FARRELL, 416 Nice sunny rooms; good lo-
; cation; quiet use; prices reasonable.
SECOND. SOS— Laree front and small room;
t'rate, bath; suitable for two or more.
' SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market- Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 111 l— Comfortably furnished suites;
also housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
THE Oaks 119 Third A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
I also single rooms for men; SI per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! and
i subscriptions has been established at the
! northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stw. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia '!
ROOMS AVAXTEI).
WANTED— Unfurnished room, about $3 or $4
i month; single man. Box 716. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES \M> SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
- machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4.">.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
| ' TTT" ~ *^^— ' — " "^ *" *"*" m^^
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given -that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphans and half orphan girls from
July 1 to October 1, 1899: Frances G. Me-
Kewen, aged 9 years; Leila Marlon G. Key Be.
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years.
I ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement; most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer. mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th: phone White 3344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-18: teL 5F20.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co., 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JI3OO—LOT f.0x150, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
12500 — Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house ■■ rooma
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000. ■. . -•
[ $2800— Lot 40x150, on Morton st.. bet. the rail-
i roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$2350— L0t 40x150; Morton St., near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots; also 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda, Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday, Oct. 21, at 2 p. m. Do not fall to at-
tend this sale, as most of the places are to be
sold by order of the court. Particulars in
next week's papers. Send for Illustrated cata-
logue. Se<» advertisement in Chronicle. Sale
at J. A. MUNRO & CO.'S Auction House. 1517
and 1519 Park st., Alameda.
: CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
I . :ted Strifes, postpaid, for *1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
lot; on the sunny side of street; only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. .1.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postofflce,
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
i WE offer a fine, large modern 8-room house,
entirely new, on paved street, handy to street
'cars and local station, for $3100: the best bar-
gain in Berkeley. O. G. MAY & CO.. 212$
Center st., Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
T-of-tage paid.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to .1. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — house of rooms on Fniltvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 98x
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (50c per
■hue) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1. 1899. Transfer
bocks will close on THURSDAY, October 26,
1593, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 (25c per
fhare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY, October 20, 189». Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1599 at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice !■
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city ano county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13, 1899, at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my I
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
[Seal.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 20, 1899.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE FARM IN SAC-
RAMENTO COUNTY FOR SALE.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION. '
On Wednesday November 1, 1899. at 11:30
a. m., under a decree of sale of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, made October 6,
1R99. In a partition suit of the heirs of the late I
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN, In which 1
CAROLINE STODIEK is plaintiff and,
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are
defendants, the following described property :
Will be cold In one parcel at public auction j
to . the highest bidder for cash, BUbject to j
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 267 and the
northerly 67.99 acres of Swamp Land Survey
No. 269 of the official surveys of swamp and |
overflowed lands of Sacramento County, con- j
taining 175.02 acres," being the farm of the 1
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on j
said land.
Immediately after the pale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, etc., of said farm i
will be sold.
This farm Is situate on the Sacramento 1
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 miles
below Freeport. It has upon it a house and
a good barn, about 60 acres upland, the re- |
mainder lowland; appraised in the Superior
Court of Sacramento In the matter of the
estate of said Strothmann. deceased, at $26,-
-370. Assessed for 1S98: Land. $10,000; Improve-
ments, $2000. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees ;
on the farm and 27S non-bearing.
Further information will be given at the
office of McKUNE & GEORGE, attorneys for
referee, Sacramento, and at the office of the
undersigned. LOEWY & GUTSCH, |
Attorneys for heirs, .503 California at., San
Francisco.
October 17, 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Patrick Haran and Mary Horgan 29-24
Paul Pebeller and Marie Chanquet 25-19
Thomas F. Malgan and Rose Kreuzer 49-40
James E. Josephl and Ina McLean 31-2S
Percy L. Halls and Grace M. D. Ford 27-18 ;
i J. E. Fredlund and Johanna Johnson 30-27
Albert V. Campbell and Pearl Eader 27-18
j Trin Sheovolos and Mariana Neapolitan.!... 27-21 -
Luigi Malerhl and [sola Puclettt 38-27
Frank Gordon an.l Alice Kavanagh 37-26 j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.^ j
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with th.' name and residence of per- !
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GOLDSMITH— In this city, October 18, 1899, to
the wife of Meyer Goldsmith, a daughter.
SEAWELL— In this city, October 19, 1899, to !
the wife of Charles L. Seawell, a son.
WASHINTON— In this city, to the wife of
Richard WasMnton. a son.
CORWIN— In this city, September 13, 1899, to
the wife of Harry Emerson Corwln, a daugh-
ter^
MARRIED.
HESSE— LIVINGSTON— In Mount Eden. Oc-
tober IS, 1899, by the Rev. Robertson Burley,
Andrew H. Hesse and Minnie M. Livingston,
both of Mount Eden.
' MITCHELL— In this city, October I
IS, 1599, by the Rev. Philip Coomb*?, at Rich- 1
mond Congregational Church, Robert E. .
Mitchell of Eureka and Tamson W. Blight of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Arnold, Herman J.F. Hoops, John C.
Cawley, Margaret Kelly, John
Cereghino, Mary J. Kenney, Loretta
Curley, Ellen McGaffagen, Michael
Curtis. Helen M. McQuade. Jane
Deming, H. V. Meier, Christ
Downing, Benton T. O'Brien, Robert A.
Eli hner, Irene Olquist, John
Engledow. Miss L. Otis. Harriet G.
Field. Mazzle Rielly, Francis J.
Gray, Fanny H. Riley, Maurice
Hannigan. John S. Will! George B.
Hardy, Emma Wooll, John
ARNOLD— In this city, October 18, 1899, Her- !
man Johan Frieilrich Arnold, beloved husband
of Louise Arnold, a native of Bueten an der
Oder. Germany, aged 50 years 9 months and
22 days.
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
j Fifth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CAWLEY— In this city, October 17, 1899, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of H. Cawley, daughter
of John and the late Ann Loftus, mother of
May, Rose, Augustus and the late John H.
Cawley, and Bister of the late James Loftus,
Mrs. William Eigier and Mrs. John Driscoll,
a native of San Francisco, aced 27 years 3
months and 5 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 363 Eleventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be cnlrbrated for the repose- of her soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CEREGHINO— In this city. October 19. 1599,
Mary .1. Cereghino, beloved wife of Joseph
Cereffhlno, a native of San Francisco, aged j
22 years and 1 month.
CURLEY— In this city, October 18. 1539, Ellen
Curky, beloved wife of Michael Curley,
and sister of Mrs. M. McGee, Mrs. K. Werr
and George and the late Charles Nelson, a
native of Londonderry, Ireland. (Boston pa-
pers Diease copy.)
fCrrhe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 'clock, from the residence of I
her sister, Mrs. McGee, 513 Hyde street.
CURTIS — A memorial service for Helen M. 1
Curtis, who departed this life October 15. will
be held In St. Stephen's Church, Fulton
street, near Fillmore, Sunday, October 22, at
10 o'clock.
DEMING— In this city. October 18, 1599, H. V.
Deming, a native of Indiana, aged 63 years.
C " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, 714 Ellis street. Interment private.
DOWNING— this city, October 17. 1599, at
the home of his parents. 1220 Geary street,
Eeiiton T. Downing, a native of San Fran- !
cisco, aged 22 years 1 month and 8 days.
(CTThe funeral takes place this day (Fri- !
day), at 9:30 lock, from St. Mary's Cathe- I
dral. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.
EICHNER— In this city, October 19. 1899, Irene,
beloved daughter of John and Elizabeth
Eichner, and Bister of John J., Raymond,
Nora, Othmar, Carl and the late Celia Eich-
n>-r, a native of Ohio, aged 13 years 8 months
and 12 days.
ENGLEDOW— October 18. 1899. Miss Louisa
Engledow, a native of England, aged 75 years
and t months.
ICrWUJ be buried this day (Friday), from !
her late residence, 1456 Clay street, thence to j
Church of St. Mary the Virgin at 10 o'clock. !
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FIELD— In this city, October 19, 1599, Mazzie,
dearly beloved wife of Albert E. Field, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Ellen Doherty, and Bister of
Frank McLaughlln and Millie. Nellie, Rosie,
Sarah and Agnes Doherty, a native of Craw-
ford County, Kansas, aged 24 years.
GRAY— In Alameda, October 18, 1899, Fanny H.,
beloved wife of Joshua Gray, and sister of
James and William Shepard, a native of Eng-
land, aged 65 years 8 months and 6 days.
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from 3225 Briggs ave-
nue. Interment private, Masonic Cemetery.
HANNIGAN— In this city, October 19, ISM,
John S., beloved husband of Lucretla L.
Hannigan, father of Eddie H. and Mary E.
Hannigan, and stepfather of Mrs. Jennie
Ortion and William A., Clarence and Edith
Bradley, a native of Roxbury, Mass., aged j
51 years I months and 19 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HARDY— In Jersey City, October 13, 1899, Em-
ma, beloved wife of W. J. Hardy, eldest |
daughter of the late Rev. Wi E. and Emma I
Powell, and sister of Mrs. F. E. Hughes, Mrs.
W. H. Edwards and Arthur, Frank, Harry,
Charles and Joe Powell, a native of London,
England.
HOOPS— In this city, October 19, 1899, John C,
dearly beloved son of Doris and the late
Frederick J. HOODS, and dearly beloved
brother of Fred and Anna Hoops, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and 21
days. A member of Sequoia Parlor No. 160,
N. S. G. W., and San Francisco Turn Vereln.
jr^Notice of funeral hereafter.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital,
October ,19. 1809, John Kelly, a native of
Scotland, aged 57 years.
KENNEY— In this city, October 19, 1599. Lor-
etta, beloved daughter of Joseph and Cather-
ine Kenney, Bister of, Gertrude and Edna j
Kenney, and granddaughter of Mrs. H. Mur- 1
phy and Mrs. T. Kenney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 4 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi- J
dence of the parents, 65214 Minna street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGAFFAGEN— In this city, October 19. 1899,
Michael. 8., beloved son of Michael and |
Bridget McGaffagen, and brother of James j
J Hughey F. and Mary Ellen McGaffagen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and j
5 days.
McQUADE— In this city, October 18. 1899, Jane, '
beloved wife of the late Frank McQuade, j
mother of Frank McQuade, and sister of Mrs. j
Bridget Mallen and Mrs. John W. FUnn, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 60
' years 4 months and 10 days.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral thin day (Friday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence, 1109 Hamp-
shire street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem mas* will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ' >
MEIER— In this city, October 18. 1899, Christ,
dearly beloved husband of Beta Meier, father
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher). '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
*© Firth Bt., opposite Lincoln ScaooL
Telephone South ki>.
i - — — — — _—^^__—
/WcAUOY «fc CO.. 5
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. i
M^T~elenhone South 247. I
of John, Chris and Tillie Meier, and brother
of Conrad Meier, a native of Lehmstadt,
Hanover, Germany, aged *.X years and 9 days.
[C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 22, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, he-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Ein-
tracht Hall, Twelfth street, near Folsom.
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of the Vereln Eintracht commenc-
ing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
( VTneiery.
O'BRIEN— In Monterey. Mexico. October 9,
lsi.y. Robert A. O'Brien, a native ot Cork,
Ireland, ased 25 years.
OLQI'IPT— In this city, October IR, 1899, John,
beloved husband of Annie Olqulst, and uncle
of Miss Annie Olsson, a native of Sweden,
aged 73 years.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2115 Greenwich street, near Fillmore.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
OTIS— In this city, October IS, 1599. Harriet G.,
beloved wife of Stephen Otis, and mother of
Frank and Ara Otis, a native of Hollis. Me.,
aged 74 years and 21 days. (Saco, Me., papers
please copy.)
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2143 Larkin street. Interment private,
In Mountain View Cemetery.
RIELLY— In this city, October 19, 1899, at his
residence, 15 Rincon place, Francis Jerome
Rielly, beloved husband of Annie Rielly, and
father of Mary, Thomas, William, Charles,
Maggie and Francis Rielly, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 49 years 11 months and
7 days.
RILEY— In this city, October 19, 1599, Maurice
Rili y. a native of Ireland, asjed 64 years.
WILLIAMS— In Petaluma. Cal., October 19,
1899, George B. Williams, a«ed 90 years.
WOOLL— John Wooll, born IS2S, in Hastings,
England, died October 19, 1899, at his resl-
. 1312 California street.
in?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
i'haries H. Abbott and Helen Bauer to George
W. Kline, lot on N line of Rutter street, 32 W
of Webster, W 24 by N 75; also lot on E line
of Baker street 100 S of Hayes, 8 50 by E 100;
also lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 175 N of
B street, E 120 by N 75; $10.
John M and Sarah L. l>utcher to Addle B.
Horton, lot on N line of Eddy street. 55 E of
Farren 'avenue, E 5 by N 75; $10.
Michael Collins to 1 A. and Theresa A. De- I
martini. S half of Bfr-vara lot 1. block 560, West
ern Addition, on NW corner of Broderlck and
Tonquin streets, N 65:9 by W 137:6; $10.
Elizabeth H. and Georgia E. Curtis to Eva
E Fisher, lot on W line of Cook street, 425 N !
of Point Loboe avenue or Geary street, N 25
I by W 120; $10.
Same to Eben B. Williams, lot on W line of
C ... .k Btreet 450 N of Geary street or Point Lo
bos avenue, N 26 by W 120; $10.
Louis and Rose Lipman, Carl D. and Libby
A. Sallkdd and Anglo-California Bank, Lim- |
ited. to Charles H. Smitten, lot commencing j
106:8 E of Stanyan street and 100 S of Beulah, j
s 28 by E 25; $10.
Robert B, Woodward, Ely I. and Helen J.
Hutchinson to Louisa Oesting (wife of Paul),
Jot on W line of Jessie ptreet, 170 S of Thir- i
tcenth, S 30 by W 65; $10.
Clara W. Rogers to Henry D. Rogers, lot on
I N line of Henry street, 320 W of Caetro, W
■ 36:6 by N 115; $10.
Bartholomew Mendiondou to Jeanne Mendlon
dou, lot on E line of iv<lores street, 76:6 N of
Thirtieth, N 50 by E 100; also lot on NE corner
of Thirtieth and Dolores streets, N 26:6 by E
100; gift.
Kermis Michael and Elizabeth F. Begley (by
R. I. Whelan. Sheriff) to J. S. Reid, lot on S
line of Seventeenth str<*et, 60 W of Colling.
Wood, W 60 by S 75; $563.
Twinkling Star Improvement Company (cor
poration) to Mrs. Susan M. Blumenberg, lot on 1
E line of Stockton street, '69: C N of Jackson,
X 34 by E 80; $10.
Estate of <». F. Sharp (by J. Hunt, execu
tor) to John E. Sharp. 60-vara lot, block 201,
bounded N bj Jefferson street, S by Beach, E
by Taylor and W by Jones; tin.
Fleet F. and Elizabeth Ptrother and V. P.
; and Margaret Wilbert to Mary E. Callahan. lot I
on NE corner of Geary and Jones streets, E !
24 by N 77:6; also use of 10-foot alleyway in
rear of premises; $1000.
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson to Joseph P.
Stevens, lot on S line of Pa.Te street, 106:3 E
of Shrader, E 25 by B 137:5; $'0.
Robert A. Pean to William F. Miller, lot on
S line of Lake street, "7:6 E of Twentieth aye- |
nue, E SO by S 100; $10.
Thomas Newman to Ellen Newman, lots 6.'>
and W hlnck P, Silver Terrace; gift.
Horace G Platt to Rrldget Colin, lot on NE
line of Cotter street, 425 N"W of Mission. NW IB
by NE WO. block 8, Academy Tract: $290.
W. A. ii. Connor 1 husband of J. Torrey) to
Connor & Perry Trust and Investment Com
pany lot 3'\ block 25, Lake view; also lots 7
to 10 and the S 27:7 feet of lot 11, block 33,
same; $10.
Raymond A. and Winnifred A. Perry to
same, lots 30, 32 and 33, block 2n, same; $10.
Connor & Perry Trust and Investment Cm!ti
pany to Theophilus B. Morton, lot 30, block 25,
same; $550.
Joseph and Max Brandenstein (trustees estate
Albert S. Rosenbaum. Samuel M., Albert M..
Emll D. and Charles W. Rosenbaum, Joseph
j and Jane Bran.lensteln and Virginia an 1 ! Juli.i
Stra'sburger to Herman H. Young, lot <.n SW
corner of Stelner and Vallejo streets, W 62:6
by S 137:6: $10.
J. S. and Rose Oppenheim to Thomas J.
Frazer, lot on N line of Ciry etreet, 137:6 E
of Laurel, E 25 by N 1^: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Louis Sloss Jr. i.iwner) with The McGllvray
Stone Company (contractors), architect Albert
Plssls — Sandstone \v»rk for warehouse on lot
on S corner of Mission and Fremont streets,
SW 1X7:6 by SE 137:6; %S
Same owner with The Roctolln Granite Com
pany <•■, ntract rs), architect same — Granite
w.irk for same on same; $6980.
Same owner with Thomas Butler (contractor).
architect same — Brick work for same on same;
$13,763.
Same owner with George F. and Harry N.
Gray (contractors), architect same — Concrete
work for same on same; $3S€5.
Crocker Estate Company (owner) with John
Barnett (contractor), architects Tharp &
Holmes— Steam heating plant for a 7-story and
basement brick, stone, iron and terra cotta
building on lot on NW corner of Post and
Gardener streets. N 137:6. W 118:6, S 80, E 19:6,
S 87:6, E 09: $4000.
Same owner with James E. Brltt (contractor),
architects same— Plumbing and gasfltting and
marble wainscoting for same on same: $6400.
Same owner with Plebold Safe and Look Com
pany of Canton, Ohio (contractors), architect
Frank S. Van Trees— Safe deposit and bank
vaults with vestibule?, outer and inner doors,
day nates and necessary fixtures, etc., in base
ment of Crocker buildini? at junction of Mar
r and Montgomery streets; $53,000.
Edward and Theodore Lundstetlt (owners)
with X- J Pa-vert (contractor), architect
Charles* M. Rous?eau— All work except plumb
ing, painting and electrical work for a 3-story
brick bulldlne on lot on SE corner of Powell
and O'Farrcll streets, S so by E 25; U\%i.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
!" P Boatwtck, Stktn |Mias a Haefner. Lan-
C J Cavanatdi. F Bragg; caster
G F Dltzler. Blkks IMrs A Waters, Wntsnv
B E Bryan & w. Sacto G W Sutherland, Mo
J S CraiK&w.TVoodlnd R J Donnelly, Wash
L E Wallace & w. Au- R L King. < % a l
burn Mrs R L Kin«, Cal
J 11 Mayhow & w, Cal A A Polhamus, S Dgo
li H Wallace & w. IM A Harlingf. Woodlna
FSeaufort iH M Van Deurs, Or
R A Long, Beaufort IP Sajidford. N T
R T Brown, San Carlos A T Helnrlch. N T
R L Quackenbush,War|M Hayman, Cal
Pepnrtment Q Feeney. Salinas
C A Ktork, 8 Barbara J P Smith & w. Yum a
IT T Johnson, S Barbra Miss F Pmith, P Alto
H R HUdreth, S Diego J C Price. Hanford
Mrs M E Black, Pasdn.T C Johnston & w
Mrs M Roley. L Ang | Pleasanton
J) }i Jones, Ulue I>ake L A Bpltzer, S Jose
O M Th\imler & w. 11l IE J Isham, Cal
A H Hart. New York Miss L E Burt Pa
G H "lark & w, Sacto,Capt A D Nlsker USA
E O Manasse, Napa Ip Wern.sher, Denver
Capt F V White & w, .A D Moore. Exeter
Seattle P W Iturchard. S Jose
J Starr, Olympla jE C Schleuter, Niles
Mrs H E Holllngshead. IB W Ptentz, M S J.>se
New York ;Miss E E Rogers, Pomn
E W Johns, Carthage IB Macdonald, P Alto
L Hart, San Jose C R Green, Oakland
H Ensinjrer, L Vejras C W A very, Yreka
M C Rott, Santa Maria ;E H Qulmby, Kans C
Miss M Handen. Cal J M Pettlnijell & w
s II Bpooner, Wash : S«n JoM
P W Morse. WattionvljMrs J R Rice. L Gatos
Mrs O ZeiKler Jr. BJselHrg T) Krowle L Gta
E H Vance, Eureka |IC L Wilhoit, Stktn
Miss M E Wllohaus, ! * Uwsnn, Stockton
Lancaster J H Smith, Stockton
lllss G Young, Stooktn T .T Quinn, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
G Mezhavano,/ Napa W E Hall, Chicago
R R Spencer, /N V |E H Cox. Madera
C C Coherle. Redding E D Baylard Cal
C A Roberts, Placenl G H Gray, Oakland
G B Katzenstrin. Sac ; Mrs Gray, Oakland
Thas Maze. Modesto iII A Sorrierfleld Mass
Mrs N D Howe. LA ! H F Aghurst. Arizona
Mrs Mary Roley, L A ; W E Dennlson. Cal
0 P Jenkins, Stanford Mrs Drnnlson Cal
F S Short. Fresno | Geo B Ross NO
Ch Theberath. Cal 'E Norton. Chicago
M S (Vmper, SP Co IMrs Norton Chlcatro
H Gobins, USA iMiss R Chllds, L \
W A Kesner, USA I Mrs Klrkpatrtok ITtah
A M Wilson. 0S A jMiss Klrkpairlck Utah
P B Duff. Oakland Mrs H R ilelier 'T'tah
Geo H FranclH. Napa IMrs L Hodge, Runyon
Mrs Francis, Napa IG Vincent, Honolulu
W R Thompson. LA :F Baeteke, Honolulu
Albert Miller, N V iMlss T Walker, H I
J H Qulnn. New YorkiW Voight, Honolulu
Baron yon Rosenberg, I Mips L Jacohs. H I
New York i Franz Herbig H I
Mrs E H Chllds, L A |W A Schomaa, Boston
Henry Easiocer, N M |J H Barnabe, Geneva
M C Roth, Cal . W A Brewer Cal
W H Bishop, Pa ! Mrs Brewer, Cal
A G Draper, Nev |C W Baker, Los Ang
V. J Tuttle, Denrer | Mrs Baker, Los Ane
Mrs Tuttle, Denver '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J R Barton. Ixis Ang |S Gyde, Rio Vlnta
A Gilluly, Vallejo S Cavitt, Trockee
C Pellnmarla. S Jose J J Olsen, Colfax
J A Miller &d, Cal AC Cortllyon Chgo
Miss E Weis. Colusa ,W Clancey. Michigan
D Laws, Vallejo ! J Brown, Montana
T Ivrimp, Vallejo |L P Hermaize, Texas
A W Bowman, SonoralJ M Sullivan, Fresno
H Gilbert. Los ADg i
DESERTER COMES
BACK TO STAND
HIS PUNISHMENT
Remorse Leads Sallee
to Prison.
• —
THE MOUNT GRETNA RANGE
•
HOW IT WAS CUT TO PIECES BY
KRAG-JORGENSONS.
•
An Old Sergeant Who Seeks Further
Service in the Army After
Twenty-Eight Years in
Harness.
It has been decided after all that Cap
tain Leitch, who was appointed an aid
to General Shafter, must join the com
mand to which he was recently promoted.
Captain Leitch within two weeks was
promoted to the command of Company G
of the Twenty-fifth infantry, stationed at
Fort Sam Houston, San Antonio, Tex.
His promotion removed him to another'
army department, and so, before he could
be made an aid to General Shafter, the
consent of the adjutant general had to
be obtained. As Company G of the
Twenty-fifth is without ,any officer, and
as there is not an officer to spare in the
Department of Texas, the adjutant gen
eral declined to ratify Shatter's appoint
ment of Leitch, and so he must join his
command. Fort Sam Houston is the most
desirable post in the South, however, and
Captain Leitch will be its post com
mander. His friends here, however, will
be sincerely sorry to see him leave.
Stricken with remorse, Howard Sallee
of Company D of the Eighth infantry ap
peared at headquarters at the Presidio
yesterday, announced that he was a de
serter and gave himself into custody. He
enlisted two and a half years before the
war and served through the Santiago
campaign. When his regiment returned
and while it was camped in Alabama he
deserted, and for a year had tried to
evade arrest. He found it did not pay,
however, and so yesterday he hunted up
the authorities and gave himself up. His
case will be attended to by a court-mar
tial, and his punishment will depend upon
his military record, his conduct and the
cause of his desertion.
The board of officers appointed to in
quire into certain damage done to the j
shooting range at Mount Gretna, Penn
sylvania, has about finished its work.
The range is the property of the State of
Pennsylvania, and was rented by the
Twenty-eighth infantry while it was at
Camp Meade awaiting orders to proceed
out here and to the Philippines.
it was found when the regiment left
that the movable shades over the targets
(used to protect the targets during in
clement weather and when not In use)
had been all torn to pieces, and, what was
| worse, it seemed as if the damage was
done by some agency other than bullets.
The State demanded damages and de
clared that the range had been damaged
by the wanton acts of the soldiers. In
that case the damages would have to
come out of the pockest of the men, so the
board was ordered to investigate among
j the men and officers of the regiment,
' which is now stationed at the Presidio.
The result Is another demonstration of
the efficiency of the Krag-Jorgenson rifle.
There were several hundrt 1 thousand
i shots fired, and naturally some of them
went wild and struck the shades and
framework or' the targets. With the
Springfield rirte, with which the State of
Pennsylvania is familiar, this did no more
than cut splinters; and with the ICrae;-
Jorgenson it was the same until the bui
lt/ 1 struck some more solid obstruct inn.
Then there was trouble. It was found
that whenever the new bullet struck a
nail or a hinge or a bolt, instead of flat
tening out and stopping, it just took hinge
or bolt or nail right along with it, and
much of the wood in the beams followed.
Ar a consequence the targets were
j wrecked. There had been no calculation
of the force of the new bullet, and so the
managers of the range at once came to
the conclusion that such damage could
only be done by something more destruc
tive even than the bullets fired. The re
port of the board will go East at once and
will exonerate the men of the regiment
from blame for the damage.
Sergeant Henry Blum of Battery A,
Third Artillery, has re-enlisted in the
army for the seventh time. He is now
twenty-eight years in service. Sergeant
Blum served one enlistment of five years
in the Eighth Infantry, one of five years
in the Fourth Artillery, one of five years
In the First Artillery, two of five years
each in the Fifth Artillery and one of
three years in the Third Artillery. He is
now going back to Battery A of the Third
Artillery for three years more. He has
served all over the T'nited States from
I South Carolina to Alaska, and has been in
the Nes Perco, Sioux and Bannock Indian
wars. He is hale and hearty and a good
soldier yet, and he has a long way to go
before he will reach the half century
mark.
"William D. Kelly, clerk in the adjutant
general's department, will be one of the
passengers on the transport Tartar when
she saila next Monday. He is ordered to
Manila to take a position in the office of
the adjutant general on the staff of Gen
eral Otis.
Major Wilfrid Turnbnll. surgeon U. S.
V., and Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas
McCleave. have been assigned to duty on
the transport Tartar during her next voy
age to the Philippines.
Second Lieutenant Alfred M. Wilson has
been relieved from duty as quartermaster
and commissary on the transport
Mnnauense and has been assigned to the
Benmohr in a similar capacity. Captain
Sylvanus Orr, assistant quartermaster,
I'nited States volunteers, has taken Lieu
tenant Wilson's place on the Manauense.
Major H. D. Thomason, surgeon, has
been assigned to duty on the transport
Peking.
First Lieutenant Clarence B. Mlllhoff, as
sistant surgeon, has been assigned to duty
on the transport Tartar on her next voy
age to the islands. Dr. Mlllhoff has been
one of the higher surgeons on duty at the
general hospital at the Presidio.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William E.
Stemen hns been assigned to temporary
duty at the general hospital at the Pre
sidio pending his assignment to duty at
Manila. ,
Major Blair D. Taylor, surgeon, has
been ordered to proceed to Honolulu to
relieve Major W r ood, surgeon. He will go
en the transport Peking and will report
for duty on the transport during the trip
down. _
ST. AGNES' FAIR.
Many Attractive Features Presented
Nightly.
The interest in the bazaar now being
given at Pioneer Hall in aid of the Church
of St. Agnes, Father W. P. Kirby pastor,
is growing nightly by reason of the many
attractive features presented by the
ladies in charge of the various booths.
On next Saturday night the ladies of
Mark West Springs booth will entertain
the visitors with a fine programme and
some novel features are In course of prep
aration.
At St. Philip Nori booth the contest for
the most popular married lady attend
ant is exciting great interest. The con
tt>?t is for a beautiful game Fet and is
under the direction of Mrs. William J.
Ruddick and Mrs. Edmund May.
In the contest for the most popular
single lady, in charge of Mrs. J. J. Mc-
Carthy at St. Joseph booth, for a dia
mond 'studded watch, the following young
ladies are close contestants: Miss K.
McDonald. Mias E. Feisel. Miss Nora
Williams and Miss Annie Skelly.
ST. JOHN'S SOCIAL.
An enjoyable musical entertainment was
given under the auspices of the Immacu
late Conception Sodality of St. John's
parish at the Mission Turn Verein Hall
last night.
A large audience applauded every num
ber on the lengthy programme. The
Sodality Drill Corps of some thirty young
ladles attired in white and red executed
a hoop drill. Baby Devlne sang and
danced In a manner made familiar by a
long succession of prodigies, and Charles
Marion talked in Hebrew dialect.
After the vaudeville the Thespian
Dramatic Club appeared in the farce "My
Neighbor's Wife."
After the entertainment the floor was
cleared for dancing, which was kept up
till a late hour.
DRUNKEN TROOPS
CAUSE DELAY
Soldiers of the Forty-
Sixth Imprisoned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 19.— The Forty-«ixth
Regiment of Volunteers, en route from
Massachusetts to Manila, was delayed
here by enforced drumhead court-martial
on account of an epidemic of drunkenness.
On the first section, which arrived yester
day, the men were holding high carnival.
Colonel Heeler immediately called a
drumhead court-martial, which sent thir
ty of the offenders to the Columbus Bar
racks. The other sections were all side
tracked at Valley Junction for more trials,
and additional Installments were to-day
sentenced to the Columbus Barracks
guardhouse awaiting further action. The
trains to-day were still held at Valley
Junction.
The Big Four railway people received
advices from Valley Junction at 4 p. m.
that they had at last been able to get all
the sections of the train bearing the For
ly-sixth Regiment under way for St.
Louis. Several detachments of the troops
were sent back guarding prisoners en
route to Columbus Barracks. It is impos
sible to ascertain how many have been
sentenced to the prison at Columbus. The
troops guarding these prisoners will pro
ceed directly from Columbus to San Fran
cisco to join their regiment. As all of
those who were causing trouble on the
train, and especially at places where stops
were made, were sentenced at the drum
head court-martial to the prison at Co
lumbus, it is thought that there will be
no further trouble along the way.
STRIKE ON GREAT
NORTHERN THREATENED
Conductors, Engineers, Firemen,
Brakemen and Switchmen Hope
to Tie Up the Road.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 19.— A general strike on
the Great Northern will probably occur
within a few days. It will Include con
ductors, engineers, firemen, brakemen and
switchmen, and the men expect to tie up
the road from end to end. In the great
strike of five years ago the conductors
held aloof, but they hav;e been brought
into the present trouble by a recent order
requiring them to pay for bonds covering
damages to trains under their charge.
The list of grievances given by the men
is a long one. and they claim to have been
unable to secure anything like satisfac
tion from the management. Since last
March grievance committees have been
almost constantly in this city trying to
reach some agreement with the railway
officials, but without result.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
NAPLES— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Werra, from
Now York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Saale,
from Bremen.
Saiied Oct IS — Stmr FriPderich der Grosse. for
Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Leurentian,
for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Co
lumbia, from New York, via Cherbourg, for
Hamburg-
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Servia,
from New York.
HIOGO— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr St Irene, for
Tacoma.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct 15— Stmr City of
Dublin, for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN 11. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ October 15, ■
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:03 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
I Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:55 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
S:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West |
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs :
Springs.; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- j
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, !
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake- I
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy i
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes; Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, i
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, ':
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr"s Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg :
"Westport. Usal, Willitts. Laytonville, Cum- j
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of floes. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western fend Denver
and Rio Grande railways In connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco daily at S
a. m.
Through Double Drawing-Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining- Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For information, rates, etc.. apply any !
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SNEDAKER. General Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October L ISM.
WEEK DAYS— 9:30 a, m. and 1:45 p m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. i
Faro 8. F. to Summit and Return, $140.
THOS. COOK & SON. A«t*.. 621 Market st.
11 .... i i, ■ i
■ ■ . — — — |
/"~^lj)y Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JWc^M'-OKEAKXYttT. Established
{an r*» in 1554 or tho treatment of Private
{LJAJfIB Diseases, Lest Manhood Debility or
'*Sfl'*Slv'*wW disease wearing on btvlyand mind and
«^#jBMIK?S s kin Diseases. Thedoctorcures'.vhoii
JnMlgn nth. -is fail. Try him. Charges low
~WHrmi7lj ULiiaranlfrd. Oallorwrita
; Or. J. F. UIMUHi. Box 1057. San Francisco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
_ 42 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STAriONERT.
COAL. COKH AND PIQ IRON.
J C WII SON &f 0 Mo Battery Strert.
J- W- TTIL3UII S til-, Telephone Main 186*.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH, Mfr.
CW SMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
V- TT • J.illlll, an Ship Work a. Specialty. II
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 564 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYFS&Cft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIEJttWU-. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
[VI fIFSTAn 14 Kearn y *■< upstairs. Latest
J. a, L,VIJ I styles, i 0 rle 9 s, remo deling
IRDN FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, K o s! & £££
st. Cas ngs of Every Description Mads to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS,
WITT AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.
TTILLAUIEIIE 722 Montgomery street
PRINTING
E- C- HUGHES) Ell Ransome St.. S. P.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , Zg££h nSTZ:
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 306 Sag"*
Codes lAntnlimii street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, J£™ b & jA S
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. e.t Its GKEEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. IB the Beat Coal In th«
Market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••UTIIF.ItN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific BYSTKK.)
Trains lei»««> it ml are due to nrrlva at
SIN FRAHCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
tEAVK — Fnou October. 15, 1839. — ariuvk
' •7:00 a Benicia, Snisun and Sacramento. . . . *7:43p
Maryßvillc, Oroville »la Woodland,
Elmira, Vacaviilo and Ramsey.... •7145*
•7:O©a Shasta Express— Davis. Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland •7:4Sp
•7:3©A Martinez. .San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliatpga and Santa Rosa *«jlsp
*Biooa Tho OTerland Limited— Ogden,
Omaha, Chicago •Bj15»
•1:UOa San .lose, Lirennore. Stockton,
lone, .Sacrameuto, riacerviile,
Marysvlllo, Chico. Reaßluft # 4:l»r
•B:Boa 'Milton, Oakdaleand Sonora «4xlsp
•»:OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. •! 1 »45a
•9:00 a Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogden »nd East »0:45 a
•O:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Laturop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno *12x15p
•9:»Oa Fro3iio, Uakrrsliel'l, !S;\nt.i T'nrlmra,
Lcs Angeles, Deming, El l^aso,
New Orleans and Kast .T. . . . •ot4sp
•1O:OOa Vallej.), Martinez and Way Stations m ~:lor
•1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. »2»45p
»1 2:00 m Miles, Liverciore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Ilanford, Visalia,
rcrtervillo *4:lHr
fl:OOp Sacrnraento liiver Steamers f8:00p
•3:00p Ilaywarda, Niles and Way Stations. »3:43p
•4:O<H- Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Haps, Calistoga, Santa Rosa *U<lOa
•4:OOi" Benicia, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Maryaville, Orovillo »10:43 a
M::iOpNtle3, San. Tosoaud Stockton •7:13f
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno,
Bakersfield, Saugus for banta liar-
ljara, Loa Ancelss *0:43 a
•3:»0p Stockton, Merced, Fresno *12: 1.">p
•s::jOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave ami Loa Angeles # Bi43a
•3i3Ur.Sanl.il. l« Koiiti' — Atlantic Kxpreas
for Mojato nud Bast *0:43p
•8:O0p Ilaywards, Nilea anil Han Jose •7:43 a
fV:3oi> Vullejo «1B:I3p
•«:3(»i- Oriental Mail— Ogiien and East »»i3op
}7:«0i- Vallejo, Tor*. Costa and Way Sta-
tions J*:s3r
•BiOs r Oregon and California ISxpreas,Hac-
rniiicnti), Marjßvillt!, I'eililiiif;,
I'orMun.l. Piigft Son.:.! and Kast *Bilsa.
COAST I»I?ISIOS (Narrow (iause).
(Foot of Market Street.)
| •8:1 3 a Newark,*.' iit.Tviilr-,San.lMße,Fe!ton,
Boulder Crieli,Haijta(!ni7.aud Way
Statioua •3«3©»
f2:l3p Newark, Ceuterville, Sen Jose, New
Almadon, Felton, J?oiilder Creek,
Sauta Cruz and I'rincipal Way
Stations f IO:3Oa
•4:15p Newark, Bui Joeo, Los Gato3 *0:20 a.
611:15f Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:»op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromS&H FIUKCISCO— fcot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 JG:DO *I:oop.ii.
FromOiKUHD— Foot »fßro«dw*j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
| U2:03 «1:OC 12:00 «3:03 ti:Q3 '5:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (IS road Gauge).
(Third and TownscnU Sts.)
tO:IOA Ocean View, South San Francisco.. 10:30?
•7:OOa San Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) *IjBof
•BiOOa San Jose, 'I'ies Finos, Haufa Cruz,
l'acSlic Grove, l'aso Kobles, San
Luis Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations MilOr
•10:40 a San and Way Stations »0:33 a
•11:80 a San Jose and Way Stations *3iaop
fil:43p San Mateo, ltedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacilic Grove flO:30A.
♦:i:3op San Jose and Way Stations «7:30p
41j15i- San Joaeauil Principal Way Stations # 9:J3a
is:oop San Jose and Principal Way Stations t»:OO
•5:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:354
•G::tOp San Jose and Way Stations f»:O«A
Hl:-I5p San Jose and Way Stations *7:: tOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Daily. t Sunday excepted. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday onjy.
Santa Feßpute
iC / I llr^»
[M J^ 1 " ""*'' laeasa
Iplf^^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
** THE MOST COMFORT WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
: *7:20 am, 510:30 ami Stockton i n-M pm 6: 00 pm
I 9:10 am I 2:05 pm] Merced jtl2:10 pm 4:13 oca
10:40 am I s:tt pmj Fraaao 1 19:00 am 2:42 pm
11:88 am I 7:45 pm Hanford / f!:00 am 1:45 pm
1:23 pm 112:80 anfl Bakersneld 91:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 16:25 pm Visalia \ 95:20 am 1:22 pm
12:1£ pm t6:63 pm! Tulare j |4:25 am »l:05 pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Offlce. 628 Harlot st.;
Tel. Main 15SL
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway. > J
Bacramento Office. 101 J st * si
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 18S9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
; WEEK DATS— »7:OO. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:0.
•3:40. 5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San Ra-
' fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
! at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— *S:00, •10:00. »ll:30 a. m.; *1:1S,
1 8:16, »4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
! Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— »6:35, 7:45. *9:40 a. m.;
'■ •12:30. 2:15. *3:40. ♦5:15 p. m.
S EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
': Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— €:», *S:00. *10:00. »11:45 a. m.;
j •1:40 »3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
! Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
: FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a, m. ;
12:35, 2:35. 8:45, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 2:15, 1:30,
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
f :4O p. m. — Tomales and ay station*.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way atationa.
1112
ODD FELLOWS DEFIED WEATHER
THE PROGRAMME FOR
TO-DAY.
Forenoon and Afternoon —
Reception nt the several dis
trict booths in the Pavilion.
1 :30 p. m. — Concert in the
Pavilion.
2 p. m. — Games and races,
which were to have taken
place at the picnic grounds,
will be held in the Pavilion.
8 p. m. — Awarding of prizes,
to be followed by a grand ball
till 1 a. m.
88
•£=3 AT.TFORNIA Odd Fellowship did
CALIFORNIA Fellowship mr
r lay. No more in-
U auspicious morning, apparently,
i have dawned for the jubilee
parade. The skips lowered, rain
threatened from the overhanging clouds,
and a raw wind blew drizzle through
the streets of the city. A distinct feeling
of g-umminess was ,in the air made dis
cordant with the sullen flapping:* of the
overhead decorations and the whistle of
the wind In the wires. Every minute It
appeared as if the puckering string- up
above would be drawn to let loose on tho
devoted heads below a flood of water to
sweep their well-laid plar.s away.
It seemed a pity that such conditions
should operate to destroy the elaborate
arrangements made by the lodges of San
Francisco to Join with their brothers and
Bisters from surrounding cities In escort-
Ing- Odd Fellowship in California on the
first step of its progress toward the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Littie Boy's Terrible Eczema. Mass
of Sores from Head to Foot.
Not an Inch of Cody Unaffected.
Skin Came off with Bandages.
Screams Were Heart-Breaking,
3 Doctors institute no Avail.
CURED BY CUTICURA.
My Unleboybrolceoutvrithan itching rash.
I tried three doctors and medical college but
he kept getting worse. There wat not one
square inch of skin onh is whole bodyunntTrcted.
lie was one mass of sore?, and the stench was
frightful: At the time I was induced to try
CcTicrrtA remedies, he was so bad that I hail
to cut his hairaJl off, and put tho Cuticura
(ointment) on him on bandages, as it was im-
possible to touch him with the bare hand. In
■ removing the bandages they would take the
skin with them, ami the poor child's screams
•were heart-breaking. After the second appli-
cation of Ccticuba (ointment) I taw signs of
improvement, and tho gores began to dry up.
His Skin peeled off twenty times, but now he. is
entirely cured. I used CunctraA Resolvent
for bis blood, and a stronger and healthier
boy you never saw than he is to-day.
EOB'T "W'ATTAM, 4728 C00k St., Chicago, 111.
CUTICURA
Begins with tho Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That !s tosay, CrncuHA Kesolvsst pnrlfles
blood and circulating fluids of Humor GRBMs.und
thus removes tho cause, whllo warm baths with
CtTTiOuit* Soa* and gentle anointings with Cuti-
crnA (ointment), greatest of emollient cures,
cleanse the skin and scalp of emit* and »cale»,
allay Itching, hnrnlng, and infl.unmatlon, soothe '
and lu-aL. Thus am speedily, permanently, and
economically oared the most torturing, disfigur-
ing liainor* of tho skin, scalp, and blood, with
loss of hair, when the best physician* and all
other remedies fall.
Sold throughout th« world. Pottxb D. *kd C.Cntcr
Props.Botton. Ilow to Cut Tort ii ring Skin lJi»o«M^froe
SAVF Vlj|!]R SK?$ r^ a "l??- r e, b r.. tudn
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
Fop the Location of
Government
• And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Uneurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
<Al5 MAntdnmery 6^ fena FroncittCQ
I diamond Jubilee. The parade was sched
to start from Odd Fellows' building,
Market and Seventh streets, at 11 o'clock,
; and, at 10 o'clock, although the streets
I in that vicinity were alive with members
|of the order, the prediction was fully
ventured by many that this feature would
have to be abandoned. Thr.se in charge,
however, had no such misgiving. They
had .started In early to move that pro-
I cession and, rain or shine, they purposed
to do It, and they were kept busy getting
the different divisions Into formation.
The people of San Francisco, whose In
i ordinate appetite for street pageants has
: passed Into a proverb, were as unmindful
of the weather as the chiefs of the
| parade. They were out early and lined
I the sidewalks along the entire line of
march. Market and Kearny streets, es
pecially, were packed with humanity
waiting impatiently In the drizzle for the
passing of the parade.
Eleven o'clock came and with it the
signal to move. As the platoon of
mounted police In front moved out and
the drum major in a gorgeous bearskin
twirled his baton for the opening march,
The Call's cannon boomed out from the
tower of the Claus Spreckels building,
notifying the waiting thousands down
town that the procession was headed
their way.
And It really was a parade of which
| any organization might be proud. It was
j full of color and life and music. It was
vibrant with variety and there seemed to
be in it men and women and flags and
fluttering banners without end. Not in a
number of years has any single order
turned" out in San Francisco any such
number of representatives, and, apparent
ly, in no order in the State is there more
opportunity for brilliant street display.
Ten divisions made up the parade, and
each offered something different from the
preceding one. Following the platoon of
police and the band of the San Francisco
Lodge of Odd Fellows rode Grand Marshal
M. M. Estee and his thirty red-sashed
aids. Following came the khaki-uniformed
band of the First Regiment, California
volunteers, and after them passed divis
ion after division of all that Is beautiful
In Odd Fellowship allowable to the un
lnitlate eye.
Plaudits for this feature and that were
plentiful all along the route, but no show
ing in the big procession made such
a pleasurable Impression as the ladles of
the Rebekah drill corps. As they marched
along in the grand marshal's escort, look
ing good enough to eat in their natty uni
forms, the crowds on the sidewalks
cheered and handclapped their approval.
Handkerchiefs and hats and flags were
waved at them, and on the counter-march
they were applauded again and again by
their brothers in Odd Fellowship march
ing the other way.
The ladies of the drill corps were not
many, but they were pretty nearly the
whole thing. Three corps marched on
foot, and representatives from all the Re
bekah lodges, in cream-colored riding
habits, rode as aids to the marshals of di
visions. The marching ladies represented
Stockton, this city and San Jose, the
Stockton girls leading the way, in the nat
tiest kind of uniforms of dark blue, with
hussar Jackets barred with white. They
were under, the command of Captain Em
ma Lambert, and aside from their general
appearance In the line, individually they
were flattering types of feminine loveli
ness, for which California is famous. Cer
tainly In this regard at least Stockton has
made commendable progress in the State's
fifty years of Odd Fellowship.
The San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps
was no whit behind the feminine array
from up the San Joaquin in appearance.
Miss Allie Parker was in command. The
uniform of black, corded with white, was
something worth going miles to see, sit
ting so perfectly on such prettily moving
figures.
It would take a book, and a big one at
that, to enumerate all the features of the
big parade. It took more tba 0 an hour,
_■'--- -,-■*■ ■ • ■.•■■-■--.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1899.
to pass a given point and there was no
foot of the way that something original
in formation, color and decoration did not
burst on the eye of the delighted spec
tators. Plumes of purple and red and
white tossed in the whistling breeze,
graceful ferns were arched over carriages
and other conveyances, float* were many
and artistic, banners were as many as
marching men and the stars and stripes
fluttered from every hand and streamed
from every buttonhole.
Every lodge in the city and from all the
surrounding country was represented.
There were Odd Fellows and Rebekahs
from Marln and San Jose, and Rebekahs
-and Odd Fellows from Sacramento,
Berkeley, Oakland, Alameda, Nlles, Liv
ermore, Woodbridge, Woodland, San Le
andro. There were whole cantonments of
Patriarchs Militant and large bodies of
the orphans— boy and girl — of Odd Fel
lows. How many thousand there were in
line is a mere guess, but 5000 would be a
conservative estimate.
And the floats— well, no prettier ones
have been seen in any parade on the
streets of San Francisco. There were two
Rebekahs at the Well, and it would be a
hard-hearted man that could choose off
hand between either. One of them ln-
Qtly fed water from a jug to a Jacob
who rather appeared to like the job. Do
you blame him? There was a very
artistic float representing the compact
between Jonathan and David and another
of Oriental Lodge that was a dream of
pretty girls.
The line of march was from Odd Fel
lows' Hall down Market street to Mont
gomery, to Bush, to Kearney, to Market,
to Van Ness avenue, to Ellis street, coun
termarching on Van Ness avenue to Mar
ket street, to Seventh to pass in review.
And when the distance had been trav
ersed beneath the still threatening skies
the universal verdict was that the parade
had never been excelled, taking all feat
ures into consideration, in San Francisco.
( 'an you blame California Odd Fellow
ship if it should pat itself on the back
after such an achievement?
PATRIARCHS AND
RESEKAHS DRILL,
"Weather conditions that did not deter
the Odd Fellows In the morning from
giving one of the finest parades ever seen
In this city could not keep the crowds
away last night from Mechanics' Pa
vilion, where the great central -floor
space had been cleared for the competi
tive and exhibition drill of the Patri
archs Militant and Rebekahs.
Notwithstanding that the disagreeable
drizzle augured poorly for a big audience,
there seemed to be a general feeling in
the air that only those that went early
would find seats. This feeling was the
correct one. L.arkin street, in front of
the big pavilion, was jammed with
humanity at 7 o'clock, and half an hour
later, the doors having been opened
meanwhile, not a seat in the vast In
terior — and seats had been provided
around the four sides of the drill floor
and in the galleries for 6000 people— was
to be had. Still the crowds kept pouring i
in until there was a perfect jam in the
broad rear aisles, where, people being un
able to see the drill square, moved about
vainly in efforts to get a view. Scores of
policemen were kept busy keeping the
vast audience from crowding over into
the space reserved for the drill teams.
The lighting and decoration of the vast |
interior were superb and, when the drill '
teams of the Patriarchs Militant and i
Rfbekahs were marched out onto the
floor shortly after 8 o'clock for inspec
tion, the scene was so magnificent that
the great audience involuntarily burst
into prolongr -d applause. To the band of
the Sacramento Patriarchs Militant and
its soldierly looking drum major ti^is
given the honor of furnishing the music
for the evening.
After inspection and review and the
dismissal, the drill team of Canton Sac
ramento No. 1, eighteen men, Captain W.
E. Bowman commanding. Lieutenant J.
C. Ing Jr., and Ensign George Bock,
marched onto the floor to go through the j
evolutions of the competitive sword and '
field drill. Major Charles Jansen, C. N. :
G., inspector of the second brigade, Major ;
T. J. Cunningham, First California !
Volunteers, and Captain T. W. Sparrowe,
Company G, First California Volunteers,
acted as Judges.
From the first word of command and
for a full half hour afterward the men
I of Sacramento Canton moved like clock
i work— at least, It seemed that way to the
; spectators, who hardly iinished applaud
ing one difficult evolution before they felt
called upon to acclaim the next. The drill
; a^ points was simply marvelous, and
there were many freely ventured opinions
that the team of Rldgeley Canton No. 15
, of Stockton, the only other competitor for
i a prize, would find it difficult to beat the
I performance.
Before the applause for the Sacramen
tans had died out the Stocktonlans were
marched on, presenting a fine appearance.
Captain W. Bruce was in command, with
lieutenant George Hudson and Ensign
Ben Woodhull. Confidently the team, went
at its work, receiving for the next half
hour a meed of applause that was not
stinted. And when they had concluded
and presented themselves for inspection
It was utterly imposible for the non-mili
tary audience to pick the winner. The
judges handed in their decision late in
the evening. It will be made public to
day.
Aft^r the competition the drill corps of
San Francisco Canton No. 5, Captain C.
]{. Kohrnbeck commanding. Lieutenant
Eugene Brackett and Ensign H. W. No
well, marched onto the floor and gave a
loudly applauded exhibition drill.
And then the Rebekahs. The big audi
ence had been waiting for them all the
evening. The drill corps of Stockton, San
Jose and San Francisco were on the pro
gramme for prize exhibitions, and when
the nine blue and gold clad members of
San Jose Corps marched on at 10:30
o'clock, headed by Captain Florence
Lewis and Lieutenant Florence Barthell,
the applause was deafening. The corps
was a small one, but it made up for lack
of numbers in grace of movement, and
undoubtedly won a warm place in the
hearts of the audience.
The stunning-looking Stockton corps of
Rebekahs, this time minus the diminutive
full dr^ss mascot, were received with a
salvo (if cheers. And they deserved it.
Tt would be hard to Ilnd a more -jaunty
looking set of young womanhood. Even
their sisters from this city, who followed
them in the drill, had to look carefully to
thfir laurels. They did the drill splen
didly, both of them, and added that zest
that only lovely femininity can to an
evening's entertainment.
The Stockton Rebekahs were officered
as follows: Captnln, Emma Lambert;
lieutenant, Clara Breitenbacher, and en
sign. Eva Harvey, San Francisco's of
ficers are: Captain, Allie Parker; lieuten
ant, Ella Campbell; ensign, Winnie Dowle.
RAINY DAY CROWD
AT THE PAVILION
After the parade crowds found their
way to the Mechanics' Pavilion, where
they were made to feel at home by the
several committees at the booths. . These
were crowded during the afternoon, and
in the evening they were overcrowded by
those who were unable to get an oppor
tunity to witness the competitive drills.
District No. 55, the booth of which is In
charge of ladies of Mission Rebekah
Lodge, has been arranged in a most
artistic manner with all the furnishing of
a modern parlor, and is one of the most
attractive booths on the promenade. The
ladies who ■ were In charge yesterday
were: Mrs. Timbrell, Mrs. Nesbit, Mrs.
L. B. Holcomb, Mrs. Burkhardt, Mrs.
Ash worth and Mrs. W. W. Barnes.
To-night there will be the awarding of
prizes won last night, and the grand ball
until 1 o'clock in the morning— the final of
the golden jubilee.
The information bureau, In charge of
Mrs. J. Z. Gibbs of Amity Rebekah Lodge,
was visited by an immense number of
people, who were in quest of information,
which was most cheerfully furnished. The
lady also had charge of the books, in
which many Odd Fellows registered. Up
to 8 o'clock last night more than 1000 had
inscribed their names on the books.
•— ■
CONCERT IN LIEU
OF THE PICNIC
In view of the moisture of yesterday it
became apparent, that the grounds at Xl
Oampo would not be In condition to-day
for a picnic, so a meeting of the executive
committee was held yesterday afternoon
and it was decided to call the picnic off.
In lieu thereof it was decided to have a
concert this afternoon In Mechanics' Pa
vilion, ar.d in addition to have the games
and races which had been arranged for
the picnic grounds. These will include the
following:
Shooting frallery— Committee, Brother Blark
and Sister McColllster; for Patriarch Militant,
best score out of three shots; for Patriarch
Militant, second best score oat of three shots;
for Rebekah. best score out of three shots: fnr
Rftbekah, second best score out of three shots.
Bowling alley— Committee, Brother Roy Dan
iels and Sister Joost; for gentleman, best score
out of three throws; for lady, best score out
of three throws; for lady, second best score out
of three throws.
Ring toss— Committee, Brother Ashworth and
Sisters Stohr and Jen?en; for gentleman, best
score out of three throws; for gentleman,
second best score out of three throws; for
lady, best score out of three throws; for lady
second best ecore out of three throws.
Bean bag throw— Committee, Brother Perry
and Sister Hall; for gentleman, best throw out
of three throws; for lady, bpst throw out of
three throws; for lady, second best throw out
of three throws.
Puppet gallery— Committee. Brother Foster
and Sister Hawley; for Odd Fellows, best
score out of three throws; for Odd Fellows,
I bent score out of three throws; for Re
!>• kii Jih, best score out of three throws; for Re
bekahs, second best score out of. three throws.
Racing-^Committee. Brothers Malcolm ' and
Burton and Sisters Shaw, Kwlnp and Becker:
for boys under 10 years of afce; for girls under
10 years of ape; for boys under 16 years of age;
for girls under 16 years of age; for young
men; for young ladles; for married men; for
marriod ladles; for fat men; for fat ladles;
for ladies with ep& and ladle; for noble irranda,
100-yard dush; for chief Patriarchs, 100-yard
dash; for N. G. Rebekahs. 60-yard dash; for
unmarried Rebekahs, 60-yard dash.
SPANISH FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.
Your boys and girls can learn Spanish
easily. It will be valuable to them in the
future. They ought to. learn it now. A
conversation class in easy Spanish begins
next Saturday at 10:30 a. m. Age limited
from 10 to 16. This lesson free if you come
with them. They learn Spanish as they
did English, easily and naturally, -without
grammar or dictionary. Professor W. F.
Hall, Y. M. C. A., corner of Mason and
Ellis. Free lessons for ladles and pentle
men, 4:30 and 8 p. m., next Saturday. Class
begins Monday following. •
■ ♦ ■
VALUABLE HAUL MADE
IN A LODGING HOUSE
Burglar Breaks Into a Room and
Steals Three Hundred and
Fifty Dollars.
The police are investigating the mysteri
ous burglary which was committed
Wednesday morning in a lodging-house at
14 Turk street. Shortly after 8 o'clock
Mr?. -Anderson, the proprietress, after se
curely locking her apartments, left the
house to do some shopping. On her re
turn about an hour later she was astound
ed to find that some one had entered her
apartments during her absence and got
away with three hundred and fifty dol
lars in gold. The money was in a secret
dra.wer in an old-fashioned rocking-chair.
The thief forced open the door of the
apartments with a "jimmy," which was
found in the hallway. Mrs. Anderson at
once reported her loss to Chief Lees, who
detailed Policemen Coleman and Magee
on the case. After investigation they be
came convinced that the thief kijew where
the money was hidden and waited his op
portunity to steal it.
hast night Mrs. Anderson visitod police
headquarters and personally pleaded with
the head of the department to recover the
money, which was all she had in the
world. She strongly suspects one of her
lodgers, but for lack of evidence against
him the police hesitated taking him into
custody.
Big Crowd at the Chutes.
The weather was bad, but the crowd
was good at the Chutes last night. The
management invited all the guests to
free refreshments at the candy stand,
a policy that will be continued here
after on rainy nights.
The "Sine Cura's Fifth Hon."
The most enjoyable and successful of
the series of hops given by the Sine Cura
Club was held last evening at Hlnman's
Hall, corner of Twenty-first and Howard
streets. George P. Welsh and Miss Mary
U. ICenetlck officiated, respectively, as
floor manager and assistant. After a
striking grand march at 9 o'clock contain
ing many intricate figures the regular
programme was in order, dancing continu
ing till a late hour. A limited number of
invitations was issued, nearly all respond
ing and only a few regrets being re
ceived.
The club can congratulate itself upon
the success of the event, and. like all
good things, these dances, which are few
and far between, are greatly enjoyed.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose -will stop
a cough. Xever fails. Try it, 25c. All druggists.*
PAUSON & CO.'S TWO SToR 3^____^^_~~-
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBOBaBBBBBBBBBBBIBBSaBBBBBBBE
Every n)an who examines these suits
parts with his $10.00 unhesitatingly— will-
ingly. And W^y not? Better values were
never offered.
A suggestion before th)e sale closes
Saturday night: Don't buy clothes before
seeing these. Don't miss this money-saving
JBfik opportunity.
V^Jij? The lot comprises the $12.50 and $15.00
worsteds, cheviots, tweeds and serges in
4^ \l\S\ sirjgle or double breasted coat, square or
/ ] *|1/Ya^ round corners. Fashioned up to the hour;
/ J ll- J perfection in make and fit.
[*?([ II l^ SPECIAL PRICE, iQduding SATURDAY.
I \ "WORLD BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS,"
W V^^ 918-922 Market St., I 200-204 Keapny St,
j^l Opposite the Emporium. I Northeast cor. Sutter.
CELEBRATE ft
VICTORY OVER
BRITISH ARMY
Sons of the Revolution
at a Banquet.
The anniversary of the battle of York
town and the surrender of the British
army under Lord Cornwallis was cele
brated last night by the California So
ciety of the Sons of the American Revo
lution by a banquet in the maple room
of the Palace Hotel. About three hun
dred ladies and gentlemen, including the
members of the society and invited
guests, enjoyed a delicious menu served
with an accompaniment of patriotic
music, vocal and instrumental, by
Fenster'B Hungarian Orchestra and the
Temple Quartet. The musical pro
gramme opened with "America" and clos
ed with "The Star-Spangled Banner,"
every selection being encored.
Horace Davis, president of the society,
sat at the head of the table with Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, president of the Uni
versity of California, at his right and
Rev D. Claiborne Garrett at his left.
Major General Shatter represented the
army.
When coffee had been served President
Davis made a short address, at the con
clusion of which ho introduced Byron
Mauzy as tnastmaster. The principal
speakers of the evening were: Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, Rev. D. Claiborne Garrett
who responded to the toast, "The New
Patriotism," and William H. Jordan,
junior vice president of the society, who
responded to tho. toast, "Our Country."
It was nearly midnight when the assem
blage adjourned.
WATER COMPANIES MAY
NOT SHUT OFF SUPPLY
MUST SELL TO ALL PATRONS
WHO PAY.
Decision by Judge Hawley of Interest
to Farmers, Miners and House
holders Throughout the
Country.
United States District Judge Hawley of
Nevada handed down an opinion yester
day in the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals affirming the right of an indi
vidual, upon his paying the rates, to be
supplied perpetually with water by a
corporation engaged in the business of
selling water. The opinion is of great im
portance, not only to every householder,
but to every farmer, miner and stock
raiser in the country.
The original suit was filed by James M.
Sharp, a citizen of San Diego County,
against the San Diego Land and Town
Company, a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of
Kansas. The corporation had become in
volved in litigation with a bondholder,
and pending the proceedings had cut off
Sharp's water supply upon the plea that
his land was upon higher ground than
that of the remainder of the patrons of
the corporation, and that he should pay
a higher rate than others. Sharp claimed
that under a contract between himself
and the corporation, he was entitled to
perpetual use of the water upon his pay
ing the legal rate. It was urged on the
other hand that the contract was invalid
and void, and that even if valid, it could
be terminated by either party at any time.
The United States Court for the Southern
District of California gave a decision in
favor of Sharp, whereupon the Land and
Town Company appealed. After quoting
numerous authorities to show the weight
and effect of contracts of the character.
Judge Hawley said:
It is enough to say that the Supreme Court
of California, in construing the same, has
uniformly held that the various provisions
with reference to water and water rights
for distribution and sale must be read to
gether and given a practical common-sense
construction and be construed with refer
ence to the prior state of the law and the
mischiefs intended to be remedied by the
change in the organic law in relation
> thereto; that the use of all water appro
priated for sale, rental or distribution is
by the constitution expressly declared to ■be :
a' public. use and subject to the regulation •
and control of the State, subject to certain
provisions *in , resDect to the rates or com
pensation to ... be collected (which • has no
application to water -furnished by munici
palities); that the constitution expressly de
clares that such rates or compensation shah
be fixed in a - certain , snecined manner at
a certain time and by a certain, body; thai
the right to collect ■ the rates or compen
sation so established Is declared to be a
franchise and cannot be exercised • except
by authority and in the manner prescribed
by the statute. appellee *to the continued
'The right of the appellee to the continued
use of the water does not, therefore, de- -
pend upon any of the covenants expressed
in the written contract, and it is wholly
immaterial whether that contract was void
or valid • » • The contract has ex
pired and all Us covenants expired with it.
It is manifest that the appellee had acquired
a public use of imp water necessary to irri
gate his lands and he was and is entitled
to avail himself of the privileges and rights
guaranteed him by the constitution, laws
and decisions of the courts of the State of
California.
The company was not Justified in shutting
off the watpr or in demanding from the
appellee a renewal of the former contract
as a condition precedent to his right to the
continued use of the water upon paying the
legal rate fixed for supplying it. The fact
that the lands of the appellee are upon a
higher level than other lands supplied by
the company cannot be urged as a reason
for not supplying water to him unless he
pays a higher rate than, others taking water
from the same stream.
The judgment of the lower court is
affirmed with costs.
Like a beehive-— although we are very
busy we can attend to you: but do not
delay, please, as all genuine grades of
underwear are liable to advance in price.
To-day we can supply you at old rates,
or a little less, but cannot speak for the
future. Buy at once and secure yourself
against any advance in the price.
Beamish's, 209 Montgomery street, Rus3
House block. ♦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN
RALLY!
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
SATURDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 21
issues OF"
THE DAY DISCUSSED.
SPEAKERS i
HON. HORACE DAVIS,
COL. T. V. EDDY,
HON. D. E. McKINLAY,
MR. LUCIUS L. SOLOMONS,
MR. E. MYRON WOLF
And Other Eminent Speakers.
HON. EUGENE F. BERT WILL PRESIDE.
ii" m- "11 "II "3**™""" ■■■■I ■iiiiimiiiiiiii
JjyjyjPP STYLISH j
&*Br " MADE TO QIC p?f\
I 4rV' :■ ■•"'■ ORDER for «?IOiUU
■ '■]\ \ Now is th<» time to order
7 _.«■■»' your fall and winter suit,
PANT \ and the place to get it is
mm**; at JOE POHEIM-S. who
I * / Krt ( makes th*. best suits for 25
ft Ti-^*t # { per cent less than other tall-
iju ~-a )"• ors. The workmanship of our
! '(fflLi.V.V-'^LPv.': clothes is first-class in every
W\ '-' : Jr- ■■■. ■■:/ respect, and we guarantee a S
i-s*fc-;'(fe V '-:.V Perfect fit. "We return your:
•jWhtß-. •.■•.:■■■'. money if you are dissatisfied.:
Hi (k/Mm I
!&111K ioi- 0 "^ 1 M M^ ket st -
•/.:'-.'--,^Wt/'-.: --<•.{ Montgomery.
'•"•'•*•.••':■■«[•.":•'; , s st, t- iin Francisco.
":■•■" H^;.-"' lull Washington St.,
! "^?^ ; 143 So. Spring St..
B .^.. ...... Los Angeles.
Salad Bowls,
Beauties,
25 cts. up,
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See "Prices.
Great American Imnortinfl; Tea Go.
STORES EVER V WHERE.
ioo Stores.