VOLI'ME LXXXA 1 NO. "7
CALIFORNIA TROOPS
ARE HOMEWARD BOUND
The Infantry and Artillery Sai
From Msoils on th
Sherman.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
M
■ - ■_ _ ' E
-
-
c
-
-
r
ntir : -
5 aui
-
B4SIS CF GOVE
i THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON". July 2S.— lt is stared
at tbe War Department .that General
Otis 8 hn? made no communications to
the department regarding the organi
zation of any provisional governments
In :h~ islands or provinces, hut it is pre-
Fumed that he may be doins- so if con
ditions warrant; General Otis is actine
ur.<i-T r-structions from the President.
[dated December 21, ISSS. These in
structions said that the destruction of
the Spanish Meet followed by the re
duction of Manila practically effected
the concjtiest of the Philippines and
suspension of Spanish sovereignty.
They directed that th? military rovern
ir.rrt of the United States maintained
in Manila be extended with all possi
ble dispatch to the whole district ceded
to the United State? by the treaty of
peaoe. The military commander was
directed to announce that "we come
not a? invaders or conquerors, but as
friend*."
Those v/ho submitted were to be
promised support and protection. ' "ail
others will be brought within the lawful
rule we have assumed, with firmness if
r^c<i be. but without severity as far as
rr.ay N? possible."
Suggestions were made as to the kov
ernment of the ceded territory and the
rights of property, taxes, etc.
This letter of the President, together
with the instructions of Secretary Hay
to the Philippine commission, are the
">asis of government which are to b€
established in the Philippines.
GENERAL SMITH'S
LATEST APPOINTMENT
NEW YORK. July 2s.— A Sun cable
from Manila says: General Smith has
been appointed civil governor c-f the
island of Negros.
In establishing what amounts practi
cally to home rule in the island of Ne
gros. Major General Otis, it is learned
at the "War Department to-day, acted
under Instructions contained in a letter
from the President to the Secretary of
War, dated December ;••■• and
caßied to General Otis at the time.
These instructions were intended to
apply to every island in the Philip
pines where a separate government
could be established with safety.
MERRITT MAY BE SENT
TO SUCCEED OTIS
!f —Jk Washington
:.-r.al says: Major
General Wesley Merritt. assigned to j
the governor generalship of the Philip- j
pines.
Major General John R. Brooke. as- j
signed to the department of the East- j
Briagdier General Leonard Wood, or j
Major General Elwell S. Otis, assigned j
to the governor generalship of Cuba.
That is the tentative military slate j
formed to-day.
• General Elwell S. Otis' official head j
■was never in greater danger than, it Is •
The San Francisco Call.
-..-: :: Sherman for San
aVt nisjht. having on board the
he transport will proceed via
— p<> aboard :he ves>e! com
• -;--:-;l: r forty-eight o facers.
i Heavy Artillery, nine orri
; discharged soldiers of other
to : Jay -rvi there is good reason to ke- '
;.• •• •• h<» w 111 ' ->• relieved from the com- i
:.-. i-'. if the American troops in the ;
pines before the fal! campaign;
The President will not permit Miles
■z- co the Philippines and perh-ap^
'.'■■■>;-..•■ .. Pr- rideritial .candidate. Thi.s
- .. Republican opinion* here.
General Brooke has not made a suffi
cient success of the governor general-
Ehip of Tuba, where there is no fiarhtinz.
to be intrusted with the more compli
cated -ituation and graver respon
sibilities of the Philippines. Merritt
alone remaine-1 and the slate to-day
Wfsl^y M-zrritt. to the Philippin-es.
Jctjn T-. Brooke, to the department of
Che East.
Leonard Wood or E. S. Otis, to the
governor tT^ncrslship Of Cuba.
TRANSPORT SERVICE
PUGET SOUND
TACOJIA; July li.— For severs' we*k?
Seattle ar.d Taeoma have been working
vigorously to have s portion of the
G&vernrnent transports loaded on Pusret
Sound. Success ciovrr.cd their efTorts a !
few days ago. since v.h<=n each city ha^s j
bee n keepir.s the wires hot In an en
deavor to s*cur-: it? share of the new I
plum. Teleprrnms received to-day ar.
rtc-unce that Qucrierma-ster General
Ludir.^tnn ha? eCectiu what he con
siders a fair drvisioTiJ By this arrange
ment tv.-o of the four transports already
ordered to the Sound will load here- and
zwa at Seattle. The Third Regiment
of Cavalry will he embarked at Seattle.
while Tscorna vrtll .«hin 500 muies. a j
!anre nuxnber of horses ar.d wagc-ns.
tog-ether with:T.o«o.e»W pounds of -.-ats,
hay. etc.
ilaycr Xick?us heads the local wm
mituuL.-ap^niins-e^—t^-day ta secure a
Euita.b!e camp site for -:Uit» -cavalry
harse?. which vrIEE be shipped here from
various pc-;nts Ihlthe Northwest. It is
Ixneetec that the rt£anr.er Port Albert,
covv on Ksqulmalt drydock. and the
zzcnrr.e-r Victoria, which is en route
from .Yokohama.. trTu. be .load?.! here.
'Gavins' the steamers Gcronne and Ctty
of Puebla to sail from Seattle. Bids
will be iomediate'y called for fc-f the
hay. onts and ether provisions to be
shipped from here. Tbe transports
conrmence ieavir? ttp Sou^d about Au
gust 10.. It is believed other- -.viil^fol
lotv these, and that possibly the Gov
«=rr.r!»er: t^.- ill <_-rder some of the trans
ports bringing th<= home-coming sol
diers direct to Puget Sound.
NEW PLANS TO AVOID
SENATORIAL DEADLOCKS
Resolution to Be Presented by Sena-
tor Stewart at the Nert
Session.
■WASHINGTON. July 2t.— Senator Stew
art of Nevada said to-day that in order
to obviate the apparent necessity of an
amendment to the constitution to Insure
?.t all r.'rr.f-s a full representation of States
In the United StatM Senate at the next
session of Congress. h« would offer relief
by legislation which the Senator says may
prove satisfactory- He proposes that t^e
following paragraph, be added at the end
of section 13. WfS*J*; chapter 1 of the Re
vised Statutes:
"It on the third Tuesday after the or
ganization of the Legislature no person
has received such majority, then on that
day. or any succeeding day, the person
receiving the plurality of the votes cast,
a majority of all the members elected to
both houses beir.g present and voting,
shall be declared elected."
This, he believes, will meet the necessi
ties of the case and Insure the election of
a United States Senator in every State at
the time specified- by law.
WOMAN GIVES BIRTH
TO SEVEN BABIES
CONNELLSVILLE. Pa.. July 2S.— An
authentic report comes from Brownsville
to-night to v the effect that Mrs. George
Hackett (colored) of that place save birth
this afternoon to seven babies — girls
and three boys. Tney were all alive when
born, but to-night all are dead but one.
The report says tney were all small, but
fall tormed. '"*.,.
The parents are poor, the father being
a miner. He is about 25 years old. The
mother is a young woman and had two
children before. She is said to be as well
as could be expected, and the one child
will probably live.. .. .... w .. . ...
SAX FBA3CCISCO, TIimSPAV. .ft'LY »7, 1 Sl>o.
HIS PRIESTLY CAREER
CLOSES IN DISHONOR
Father Guilherme Gloria. Pastor of St. Joseph's
Church of Oakland, Mao Resigned to
Wed Publicly His Contract Wife,
Love Romance of a Young Cleric and Miss Annie B Collins
Reaches a Climax and a Startling Denouement
OAKLAND is . the ■ - scene of a [
, sensation v/hich in its varied j
i and dramatic elements. In its :
romance and in its tragic do- i
mestic incidents is perhaps j
without paral'eF on the coast, j
The Pvev. Father Guilherme Gloria, j
pastor of St. Joseph's Portuguese !
Church, has promised that to-night '
he will, for the second time, make Miss
Annie B. Collins his wife and in the
marriage make partial reparation for
the injury he has inflicted upon her
ar.d atrne for the injustice he has done
to his baby son.
The love story of the handsome, bril
liant paster of St. Joseph's and the ;
pretty dressmaker of the Davis block .
is an Interesting one. There were few !
in the priest's congregation that knew
the secret. There were few of these
that flocked every Sunday morning into
the Chestnut-street sanctuary to listen
to their ------- words, guiding
them into paths of virtue, who knew
that the frail, sweet-faced, dainty little
woman who heeded with rapt attention
was the priest's wife and the baby boy
with her his son.
But if Father Gloria keeps his prom
ise to his contract ire the secret will
be out to-night. The priest has re
signed his pastorate and will violate his
priestly vows. He will start again- in
a new field and hopes that he may win
success. Nearly eight years ago he
was married by contract to the woman
who has since sustained the responsi
bility of motherhood without the dig
nity of wifehood. Time and again her
priestly husband sought to compromise
between honor and humiliation. He
wanted to take the girl away to a place
anywhere from California and there be
gin anew. He wished to marry her
openly and to clothe her with the wifely
dignity that was her right.
He had provided- for her and within
his means had protected her, but he
could not give her his name. It was
this and nothing less that the girl de
manded and she would not go away.
- -
■
thai - why
3 St. Joseph's
I
■ - •
s
CUPID PLAYED HAVOC IN ST. JOSEPH'S PULPIT.
R-=v. FaithVr GaHlierme Gloria, pastor of St Joseph's Portuguese Catholic
Church of Oaklar.il. has created a sensation among his people. JLe has resigned
from his .jhurch. abandoned his pastorate and promised to marry publicly his
contract wife." Annie B. Collins. There has been an intimate relationship ex
isting between the priest and the woman for . eleven years. The intercourse
began when Miss Collins was fifteen years of age. In IS3I the contract mar
riage was made, and Father Gloria has promised that to-night a Justice of the
Peace shall pronounce i c words which will make the union public arfd in full
conformity to the laws. Nearly four years ago a son was born, and to-night if
the promise of the priest be kept will be a turning- point in the little fellow's
life. ■ . ■.
dramatic climax began eleven years
ago at San Leandro. ' At that time, the
young, handsome and brilliant priest :
came to take charge of the Portuguese
Catholic Church in the little town. He
had arrived shortly before that from
Brazil and was believed to be particu
larly well qualified by the Catholic au
thorities to direct the spiritual welfare j
of the Portuguese at San Leandro. Hi.
name 'was Guilherme Gloria. ;
The young priest rapidly won the con
fidence of his people. He was pious.
enthusiastic and sympathetic. He went
among the homes of his flock, minister- j
ing. encouraging and counseling. I
Among the members congrega
tiontion was Annie B. Collins., a pretty
\ girl, 15 years of age. Father Gloria
: took an unusual interest in her. He di
, rected her education and seemed to find
! unusual pleasure in her company. At
his suggestion, her mother transferred
her from a public school to a parochial
school. The priest and the girl were
, then much more than they had been in
each other's company.
It was then that the intimacy, which
now reaches its climax, began. Only
one member of' Annie Collins' family
knew of her close association ■with the
handsome pastor. Miss Lizzie Collins,
-with a sister's intuition, discovered the
secret, accused her sister and was told
the facts. The relationship now be
tween the pastor and the girl were fully j
established and continued without in- j
terruption or change for two years.
The priest and his pretty penitent were .
lovers." Still the mother and father of j
Annie Collins j knew nothing of her i
daughter's infatuation and their pas
tor's indiscretion. .Late in IS3I affairs
had reached such a pass that for the]
girl's protection from absolute shame j
something desperate had to be done, j
There was but one way out of the diffl- j
culty and this was but a poor one. The j
handsome priest could not openly mar- j
ry the girl without sacriflclnß his j
priestly dignities and submitting to the j
public humiliation of being driven from j
' his pulpit unfrocked. It was decided.!
therefore, that a marriage contract
would be drawn up and on September
22, 1891, this was done.
The scruples of the girl were silenced
and the predicament of the priest was
evaded. As a measure of scill greater
precaution Annie Collins made her sis-
I ter Lizzie a witness of the marriage
{ contract. The priest arvd Annie signed
j the document as principals. Ever since
: then Annie Collins has treasured this
"piece of paper as the only certificate
which can protect her from public
shame. She has kept, it safely and has
J it yet, notwithstanding an effort to take
' it away from her.
About four years ago another crisis
came in the relations between the
priest and his contract child wife. It
j became imperative that the girl should
; leave her home and Father Gloria, re
j sourceful as ever, suggested an avenue
; through which Annie might expect to
j escape exposure and humiliation. The
priest was about to be transferred from
I his pastoral charge at San Leandro to
St. Joseph's Portuguese Catholic
Church on Chestnut street, between
Seventh and Eighth. He urged his
young contract wife to go with him.
but at the same time protect herself
from the wrath of her parents. •
He declared that he would establish
ber as a dressmaker in Oakland and
her parents could not then expect to
Bee her with any frequency. She would
! have a reasonable excuse for being
I away from home and she readily ac
cepted the proposition. Apartments
j were secured in the Kahn building in
! Oakland and a sign. "Annie B. Collins, :
Dressmaker," appeared in the window. i
Continued on Second Pa«e.
PRESIDENT HEUREAUX
IS ASSASSINATED
Ruler of San Domingo Slain
at Moca by Ramon
Caceros.
Spe.-ial Dispatch to Th« C
Ff DE Fl
era.! ses Heul Dominican rer
. . ted at 1 sanl .. at 4:30
o'clock t< -<lay.
- • mar lerer is R 1 rer s. He suc
ceeded in making lis esca I m energetic ■
once beg t is 'able that
Vice Pres leni General Wen - - Figueroa, immediate
ly upon the ment of the Pres
rection of affairs t pres 1 -■ ■ the republic.
The remains of President Heureaux wi
Doming for fui
PREVIOUS ATTEMPTS
TO KILL HEUREAUX
WASHINGTON". July 26.— N0 infor
mation was received up to half-past 9
o'clock to-night from the consular rep
resentatives of the United States in
Santo Domingo regarding the assassina
tion there to-day of President Heureaux.
Pending official advices of the assassin
ation, no forma! action will be taken by
this Government. Hon. William F.
Powell, the Minister to Hayti, is also
charge d'affaires to Santo Domingo,
while this Government is directly rep
resented in the republic in the person
of Campbell T. Maxwell, whr is Con
sul General, and John A. Reed, who is
Vice Consul.
Officials here recall that attempts
have been made heretofore on the life
of Mr. H-ureanx. Secretary Hay paid
a brief tribute to the work of the de
ceased President, saying 1 he understood
that fee had given the country a good
administr-it ion-
Secretary Long said that he could not
recall that there were any of the ships
of the United States navy now in Santo
Domingo waters. Should the develop
ments of tbe next few days show a
feeling of unrest and uncertainty re
! pardinz the future affairs of the island.
a United States man-of-war will be
! dispatched to that vicinity to look out
1 for the pr- ection of American in
| terests.
ULISES HEUREAUX'S
CHECKERED CAREER
When Ulises Heureaux was chosen f
President of Jan Domingo in 1883. the \
election taking place during the last
three day? of June, the defeated candi- !
date. General Casimiro N. de' Toya. i
THE LATE ULISES HEUREAUX.
FIFTY HOUSES IN WEST
PRUSSIA DESTROYED
BERLIN. July 26.— A gTeat fire started
at Marcienburg. West Prussia. A . noon
forty houses had been razed. Tlm fire
brigades from Dantxic and Elbin? were
summoned to assist in subduing the fire.
At a. late hour the fixe was got under
PBK
rebelled in La Vega and Monte Cristi.
On July 24. the country was put under
martial law, a: . in' a "series of bloody
encounters the rebels, were finally de
feated in August. ' The number of cas
ualties on both -sides - exceeded more
than 1000 dead and -wounded.
Heureaux first saw the light of day in
Puerto Plata, a town on the west coast
of San Dominsro. in IS t»5. A soldler'3
life attracted him and in"lS*s2 he became
a private, later becoming commandant
in the District of Puerto Plata. He
served continuously in the war against
Spain in I>SS to 1574. Twice he was ex
iled for political reason?. For two
years he retired to political life, and
again in [878 assumed command to put
down a Spanish uprisings He was
wounded many times and on several
occasions narrowly escaped assassina
tion.
Heureaux succeeded Fernando A.
Merino a? President, the national par
ty, of which he xas the active reore
sentative, beinj: powerful at that time,
j-je served four terms, the country mak
ing much progress under his adminis-
A serious commercial panic r^ign^-l
in San Domingo last year. There wer-i
disturbances in the northwestern sec
tion of the country about ih* middle of
December and troops were sent to
Monte Cristi to restore otiJ-t. TIM trou
ble was due to the poor nr.ar.ei»JL«ys
tem of the country, under which *sr
ehange on New York had rts«a so that
in September it took $3 in notes ft Uw
republic to buy SI tn gold. A« a r*su!i
business was interfered ■with. or-i*r?
for go<^di canceled, wages cut. strilcH
precipitated, and expenses of livinz in
creased to those who could least afford
to assume added burdens. For some
time President Heureaux helped the
Government with advances, but be
came heavily involved. The republic's
indebtedness, is about $20,000,000, on
which interest has to be paid out of a
revenue of about $2,000,004). Depreciat
ed silver coin is issued, worth about 12
cents on the dollar in American money.
; control and eventually extinguished- Fifty
I buildings were destroyed, including ' re
' gymnasium and Girls' School, tha
I Rathhaus. which was buili in the four
! teenth century, and seventeen historical
i houses" built over arcades in the Italian
! style in the market place.
The historical records were saved. The
I damage win amount to several millions O i
[marks.2
VOLKSRAAD' WAS
EVENLY DIVIDED
Chairman Voted on Kru
ger's Resignation.
FRANCHISE LAW DENOUNCED
IMMENSE MEETING OF OUT
LANDERS HELD.
Imperial Government Considered War
So Imminent That Troops
Were Held in Readiness
at Simla.
Pppcial Dispatch to The Tall.
JOHANNESBURG, July 26.— A ru
mor iis current here that the Raad at
first refused to accept President Kru
ger's resignation only by the chairman
(tasting a vote. Any way the capital ap
pears to he alarmed at the apparent
determination of the Volksraad to can
cel the monopoly and has submitted to
the Government proposals for th<
Suction of the prices of dynamite ami
gelatine. These are accompanied
however, by certain stipulations, one
being that th<> reduction shall be de
pendent on the annual sale of 250,000
-. The Volksraad adjourned after
the disruption of these proposals.
It is stated that the Executive Coun
cil at Pretoria has adopted the new dis
tribution proposal, giving the Witwater
Rand gold fields ten members in th^
Volksraad instead of four, and an addi
tional six members for Klerksdorp,
Heidelberg and Petchefstroon.
An immense meeting of Outlanders
held here to-night adopted resolutions
denouncing the franchise law as wholly
equate and demanding effective
guarantees and a proper redistribution.
PRETORIA, July 26.— The new fran
chise law was prumulgated in the Ga
zette to-day.
SIMLA, July 26.— 1t has transpired
that the Imperial Government has re
garded war with the Transvaal as !>.>
ing so imminent that Just prior t'> the
recent ameloriation of the situation it
arranged with the Indian Government
to dlspat< h 10,000 troops to South Africa
at the briefest notice.
M'KINLEY STARTS
ON HIS VACATION
Will Spend Several Weeks With His
Family at Hotel Champlain.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— President and
Mrs. M.r'K::. k - j li fi Washington on ;•. spe
cial train at :: o'clock this afternoon for
the lintel Champlain, Lake Champlain, for
I w< i ks. Wit h the I'r^ si
dent were Miss Sarah Duncan, his niece,
tary < 'ortelyou and a retin .
White House attaches and servants. A
crowd of several hundred was present at
the station to s-e the President off.
• tary Hitchcock, P Gen-
I Sag* and < "ontroller
Dawes were also at the train to bid the
party farewell. The train upon which the
party tra- ■ sisted of the sleeper
Coronet, the composite car Patagoni
the Atlantic. The party is due to ar
rive at the hotel at 8:45 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
HIS PRIESTLY CAREER
CLOSES IN DISHONOR
Continued from First Page.
The young woman had few patrons and |
1 few. Six months after she ar
rival in < 'akland her bajjy was born.
He was placed in the care of friends
and roceived every possible attention :
that could be given. 'Mrs. Reading, at '■
home the little fellow has found
■ . keeps a store at ll" Telegraph !
avenue. A part of the establishment is
used as a fruit, vegetable and grocery
store and the other half as a jewelry {
store. The child appears perfectly con- j
tented with its surroundings. A more
handsome hoy than he it would be hard
to find.
Some time ago Miss Collins removed
from the Kahn building to the Davis
block at 105" Washington street, Oak
land, where Bhe is now established as a
dressmaker. About a year ago she be
came restless, uneasy and dissatisfied
with her condition. Rumors were he
pinning: to float that she was not what
sh» represented herself t<> be, and that
th^ wedding ring upon her finger seem- j
ed odd in association with the prefix to
her name. She begged Father Gloria
to renounce his vows, resign his pas- !
torate and make her, in the view of
her family and friends, what Bhe was :
In secret hia w ife. .
The priest pleaded that he could not. j
dn bo, as he had no means of livelihood
outside of his pulpit. He agreed that if j
she would wait a while they would go j
away and be married and he would
start lif'^ over again under new condi
tions and in another land. To this she
would nm agree. She insisted that she j
must regain her honor among the peo- j
pie in whose opinion she had lost it.
Father Gloria in a measure yiejded to
her importunities. He attempted to
peek a new field, and applied to the |
authorities of Stanford University to j
give him a position as a teacher of lan- J
guages. He Is esteemed to be an accom
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
W T hat is good soap?
Pears'.
Ail "torts of stores sel 1 it , espccia! ly druggists;
«:'. sorts of people use it.
CANADIAN CUSTOM-HOUSE
MOVED BACK TO BENNETT CITY
Thp completion of thr> White Pass and Yukon Railway, allowing the funning
of trains through from tide water at Skaguay to the head of steamboat navi
gation I" 'ho Yukon basin, greatly lessens the hardship and Inconvenience "f
travel to the Klondike. One of. the tirst results has been the 'removal of the Ca
nadian customs station from its former location at the Log Cabin, just beyond
the boundary lini . as ctiinred by the United States' back to Bennett City, at the
head of Lake Bennett, between which point and Dawson there are regular
lines of steamers at frequent intervals. This change is one of much Importance
i" ••very one going into that country with mining outfits or goods for sale. Hen -
tofore they have been subjected to the inconvenience and delay of having to.
unpack and submit their goods to inspection at the Log Cabin Custom-house, to
which point they had to have an # escort of American custom-house officials from
Skaguay. Now ko<h!s are bonded through the American strip in cars. No ■
■ led. When hulk is broken at Bennett City the stuff can go ripht on the
steamer. The opening of the railway has caused the shutting down of the Chil
koot tramway, and will soon kill Dyea as a starting point for the Klondike,
as everything jm-s by Skaguay and the railroad.
This removal of the Custom-house has no connection whatever with the boun
dary question, being caused entirely l>y the greater convenience both to travelers
and lhe customs officials In transacting the business between them.
plished linguist and hoped that with
his ability he might earn a livelihood.
His appeal was unanswered. He then
turned to the University of California
and met with the same failure. He
could think of no other avenue of em
ployment and made no further effort. ■
Meanwhile the condition of affairs for
Miss Collins was rapidly growing worse.
Among some people she was known un
der the name of Mrs. Marshall and
among others by her own name. Time
after time she and Father Gloria have
made visits to this city and under the
name of Air. and Mrs. Marshall have
registered at local hotels. Complica
tions were arising on all sides and the
church authorities were hearing the
rumors that were floating.
An investigation was instituted by
the church authorities, who sought to
silence the unfortunate and regretable
slander connected with the name of
Father Gloria. The priest was called
before his superiors and admitted the
facts. He offered to resign at once,
but the authorities would not permit
that, rightly insisting that a rigid in
quiry should first be made in his ad
ministration of the affairs of his parish.
While this was in progress Miss Col
lins was interviewed and told her side
of the story.
Rumors were now flying thick and
fast. The tongues of gosßips were wag
ping as they generally do unjustly and
in exaggeration of the facts. Miss Col
line was told that Father Gloria was
party to a scheme for delay in order
that he might desert her. To protect
herself from the effect of such a con
tingency and from another wild rumor
that her marriage certificate was to be
stolen from her, she sought the advice
of an attorney and had two certified
copies of her marriage certificate made.
One of these copies she claims was
taken from her by a Catholic official.
The other is in the possession of the at
torney and the original is still in her
keeping. While she was taking these
measures for self-protection Father
Gloria was preparing to leave his
church. His resignation was already in
the. hands of his superiors and two
weeks ago he announced to his congre
gation from the pulpit that he was go
ing away on a long vacation and would
probably not come back. Contributions
were made by some of his parishioners
and a purse was given to him. Miss
Collins construed this to mean that
Father Gloria intended to desert her
and she grew then more insistent In
her demands to be publicly married be
fore either she or the priest should
leave Oakland.
Father Gloria agreed to do this. On
Tuesday he again sent in his resigna
tion and promised his contract wife to
marry her publicly to-night, the cere
mony to be performed by a Justice of
the Peace. As far as the Catholic au
thorities are concerned the disagreeable
and lamentable incident has been
closed. The Reverend Father Pimentel
of San Pablo has been chosen to take
charge of the parish that Father Gloria
has abandoned.
Miss Collins, as might be expected. Is
sorely distressed over the entire affair,
but in Justice to herself and to her boy i
she is determined to accept the inevit
THE SAjS ITiANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1899.
able notoriety of her relationship with
Father Gloria.
"As a matter of course," she said
y. -sici-day, "I deeply regret that thi.s
matter has become public, but Father
<;l<>ria and I are to be married to-mo'r
r-'.v. night, and I suppose I must sub
mit to the inevitable notoriety that fol
lows from the fart of our union. 1 d..
n.>t care to discuss our early relation
ship, but Father Gloria is a pood man
and my husband. Our contract of mar
riage was made and signed long ago,
and although an officer of the Catholic
Chunh attempted to take it away from
me he succeeded only in obtaining a
copy. i
"Anything in relation to that contract
is my affair and I have tuM it all to
my attorney, who will respect my con
lidences until he receives my permission
to repeat what I have told him. I have
decided to take this step and be pub
licly married for the sake of my boy.
Father Gloria has resigned as pastor of
St. Joseph's Church, and after we are
married he will endeavor to secure a
position. He is a cultured man, and
I am sure if he Is not oppressed will
be able to obtain employment. It is
true that his application to the people
of Stanford University was ignored, but
I will go with him and together we will
makp another appeal.
"The story that my husband intended
to- leave this rountry ami return to
Prazll is utterly false. , He will remain
here and seek a position in keeping
with his ability. He is a good linguist
and a scholar and I am sure there is
some avenue open for such a man. We
have only a few hundred dollars, and
that will not keep us long, so I hope
he may find something 'to- do." .
Miss Collins then related in detail
most of the facts of her relationship
with FatTier Gloria. She spoke bitterly
of alleged attempts made to separate
her from the priest, destroy her mar
riage contract and thrust upon her the
responsibility for the 10-ng. association.
"Father Gloria has promised me sol
emnly," she said, "to marry me pub
licly to-morrow night. I have known
him too long and loved him too dearly
not to know that whatever influence
may be brought to bear upon him he
will not break his promise."
Stocking 1 Promoted.
WASHINGTON, July 2fi.— F. L,. Stock
ing, Assistant Postmaster at Tacoma,
"Wash., was to-day appointed Assistant
Director General of Posts at Manila. He
will be next in rank to Director Generat
Vaille.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Sutro Heights received a visit
from Grand Secretary Cordy and other
grand officers last Thursday night and an
interesting meeting was held. The offi
cers for the current term were installed.
After the regular business last Monday
night Court Eucleian held a very enjoy
able high Jinks of the highest order. The
occasion for the hilarity was the initiation
I of five candidates, the installation of the
new officers and the presentation of a
badgo and certificate to the retiring past
chief ranger, George J. Gilbert. This
court, which Is one of the old timers, has
been In bad luck for some time, but of late
it has been on the mend and bids fair to
bob up serenely at no distant day. There
was a good programme of music, songs
and literary numbers and a collation.
There 'was a largo* number of visiting
members present. The gathering was the
largest seen in the hall of this court
for many a month.
Court Barbarossa has had the following
named installed as its officers for the cur
rent term: Charles Henrich. C. R. : Ed
j ward Nordhof, S. C. R.; John B. Blum,
R. S. ; Anton Anderlinl, S. W.; Henry
Drews, J. W.; J. Berghold, S. B. ; and
Henry Albers, J. B.
Court Ferrucio at its la-st held meeting
elected G. Prefeto financial secretary, vice
J. P. Monte, resigned on. account of ill i
health, and F. Ferrari was promoted re- j
cording secretary, vice Prefeto. After
that the officers were installed and then
there was an Italian supper to all mem
bers and a large number of visiting mem
bers of the order.
ANDREW CARNEGIE'S
GIFT TO SAN DIEGO
Milliooaire Will Dor>ate $50,000
for a New Public Library
Buildiog.
• SAX DIEGO, July 26.— Andrew Carnegie, the multi-millionaire, has
T made a proposition to the public library trustees of San Diego to donate
X $50,000 for a new library building, providing the aitizens of San Diego
j- guarantee to maintain the institution in the future as they have in the
•*• past. This guarantee will, of course, be given.
J The offer is the result of correspondence carried on between Mrs.
? A. E. Horton, one of the trustees, and Mr. Carnegie for some time past.
j- and he now positively agrees to give the amount mentioned. The trus-
T tees will- hold a meeting to-morrow to take action in the matter and will
% ask public-spirited citizens to donate a site for the building. The cost
jj* of maintaining the library heretofore has been about $6000 a year.
ALGER SUDDENLY
BECOMES SILENT
Abandons His Proposed
Line of Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 26.—
Has a truce been declared between Secre
tary Alger and the administration?
Indications point that way. When Sec
retary Alger resigned he let it be known <
that he had a statement In defense of his
official conduct in course of preparation
which he would give to the public the
[day after he became a private citizen.
Later he decided that he would make his ,
defense on the installment plan, and fol- i
lowing this determination he gave to the {
press on Sunday last official correspond- j
ence to show that he originated the idea of
sending Spanish prisoners back to Spain
and that his ingenuity saved the country
$500,000.
This was to have been followed by an-
Other contribution from official files to
show that be has all along approved the
i idea of sending more men to the Philip
pines." It has not yet appeared, and I was
told by one of the Secretary's friends to
| day that it was extremely doubtful if he
| would make any public statement at the
present time or in the near future. Inti
mation has been thrown out that an
agreement has been reached whereby Air.
Alger is to avoid public utterances in
tended to cast reflections upon the ad
ministration and the administration will
not take sides with the McMillan factions
in a Senatorial contest against Mr. Alger.
In other words, it is hinted that the Presi
dent will maintain a neutral position, just
| as he did in Ohio when the light between
i Hanna and Foraker was on.
Secretary and Mrs. Alger left this morn
! ing for Thorndaje, Pa., where they will
: spend a few 'lays with their daughter.
! Secretary Alger, will make a short visit
j to New York City on private business be
fore returning to Washington next Mon
day to dose up his official connection with '
tin Government.
Major Hopkins assistant adjutant gen
eral of United States Volunteers and mili
tary secretary to Secretary Alger, has -
arranged to sever his connection with the
army and resume the practice of his pro
fession in Detroit.
WILLIAMS MOVED TO
AVOID A LYNCHING
Taken to Thomasville Under Guard
of Two Companies of
Militia.
BAINBRIDGB, <;a.. July 26.— 0n ac
counl "f the excited state of the people
h< :• Sl.' rif: Patterson to-night took John
Williams, the negro assailant in jail here,
whose life has been clamored for by a
mob for two days, t<> Tliomasvllle for
safe keeping. Under guard of two com
panies df militia, which arrived here this
morning, and between lines of jeering
people, the negro was taken to the depot
and put on board a Plant Line train. It
!.- thought the trouble is over.
The action of the leading citizens of
the town late lust night in confronting
the mob as it marched to the jail saved
the life ( ,f Williams.
The lynching party, with dynamite and
telegraph poles for battering rams, was
on its way to the Jail when Judge Bower
am] two other gentlemen stopped the mob
ana pleaded with them to let the law take
its course. Judge Bower promised a spe
cial term to try Williams and promised
speedy Justice. After pome replies from
members of the mob they finally dispand
cd and the night was passed in quiet.
JACKSON, Miss., July 26.— Stanl-y
Hayes, a negro charged with assault, was
lynched near Brandon last night.
TAILORS GO OUT.
Will Take Up the Battle of the Strik-
ing- Coat-Makers.
NEW YORK, July 2fi.— The United
Brotherhood of Tailors in a secret con
ference to-day with the representatives of
tbf> independent unions decided that it
would take up the battle of the striking
eoatmakers. Accordingly about 1500 tail
ors belonging to the brotherhood quit.
FUNERAL OF CZAROWITCI
Impressive Ceremony in the Cathe
dral of Sts. Peter and Paul.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26.— The body
of the Czarowiteh was interred in the
cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul to
day in the presence of the Czar, the Dow
ager Empress and other members of the
imperial family and Prince 'Waldemar of
Denmark.
Angels Camp's New Railroad.
ANGELS CAMP. July 26.— 1t has been
given out by the Sierra Railroad officials
that the company will have completed
the extension of the road to this place in
five months. It inten«*S to give a banquet
on the cars here on New Year's day. Con
struction work will commence as soon as
a sufficient number of laborers can be en
gaged. There is a scarcity of labor now
<n account of the harvesting. Th»j sur
veys are about completed and the con
tractors are under bonds to complete the
road In five months.
Shot by a Small Boy.
MARYSVITJ,E. July 26.— H. C. loveless
of Browns Valley was brought to this
city to-day to receive treatment for a
gunshot wound In the leg. accidentally
inflicted by a small boy who was hunt
ing cats with a 44-eall her rifle. The bul
let entered below the knee in front, splin
tered the large bone and lodged in the
muscles in the rear.
Fatally Kicked by a Horse.
T.ODI. July 2fi.— Don Hale, the 10-year
old (ton of F. O. Hale, a business man of
this place, was fatally injured this after
noon. The bny was riding on the sidewalk,
pushing a small express wag-on, when he
missed his balance and rolled off Into the
street, landing under a horse tied there.
The animal beean kicking, and before tne
little fellow could be rescued his head was
crushed by the horse's hoofs. He is still
unconscious and his physician offers no
hope of his recovery.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 26.
V S stmr Adams, Book, 4 days from Vic
toria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BL.AKELEY — Sailed July 26-Schr
Peerless, for San Pedro.
TA'"(>MA— Arrived July 26— Stmr Queen, from
Alaska.
Sailed July 26— Stmr Washtenaw, for San
Frnnetpro.
POINT ARENA— Sailer! July 26-Stmr Green
wood, for Pan Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
QVEEXSTfffI'N- Arrived July 26— ftmr Ger
mania, from New York, for Liverpool.
DREYFUS IS ILL
WITH FEVER
Condition of the Pris
oner Is Serious.
Frecial Dispatch to The Call:
CAPTAIN ALFRED DREYFUS,
Who is reported to be seriously ill
with ftver.
PARTS. July 2<i.— The Petit Journal
says that Captain Dreyfus is ill with
fttver and that his condition is serious.
An evening paper is authority for the
statement that General Ztirlinden, for
mer Military Governor of Parts, will he
removed from the Supreme Council of
"War,, as waa General de Negrier yester
day.
The depression in rentes, which de
dined nearly a point to-day, is attributed
.solely to the action of the Ministry yes
terday in the case of General de Negrier,
by which M. yfaldeck-Roußseau, the
Prime Minister, and General Marquis de
Gallifet, the Minister of War, pave new
proofs of their energy in dealing with all
i lementa of trouble.
General de Negrier is acknowledged to
be one of the best French generals, and
as Inspector General of f^ur army corps
and a member of the Supreme Council ..f
War, enjoyed the confidence of his fel
low officers and the public. The compro
mising statements, he made at Bourges
smack s<> Strongly of a coup do etat i>r
some form of proßunWamento in posse
that it has created anxiety among finan
ciers and speakers, who do not know
what may be the upshot of the Govern
ment's strong step or how far military
Officers are inspired with sentiments simi
lar in those expressed by General de
Negrier. ______________
NOTHING TO ARBITRATE
IN ALASKAN BOUNDARY
Senator Perkins Declares the United
States' Position Is Un
assailable.
SKATTLE, July 26.— United States Sena
tor George C.. Perkins, who returned here
to-dny from a trip to Alaska, thinks there
is nothing to arbitrate in connection with
the Alaskan boundary. He said:
"It would certainly be just as reasona
ble for us to insist on taking up the
boundary question between the United
States' and Canada again and declare our
dissatisfaction with the forty-ninth de
gree <<t latitude. England long ago recog
nized the boundary for which we are con
tending. She did this when the Hudson
Hay Company, In what at thai time was
practically Canada, executed a ten-year
lease of "the territory from Russia, for
which she fs now contending. She leased
it from Russia and renewed the lease for
a second ten years. What better proof
could we ask for than Great Britain's
attitude up outlined in that contract?
"l"'>nland cannl is ours, and we should
see that the line is extended along the
summit as long as the range do^s not lie
to exceed ten marine leagues from the
sea."
PLANS OF THE VANDERBILTS.,
Henry Villard Thinks There Will Be
No New Transcontinental Line.
BEATTU3, July 2fi.— Henry Villard. the
well-known railroad man, does not take
much stock In the rumored Harriman-
Vanderbilt transcontinental line. He said
to-day:
"It is not practical and there are many
legal and business complications that
would hinder It. No doubt there is a cer
tain identity about the personnel of sev
eral of the roads said to be in on the new
deal, but this would moan nothing-. Mr.
Harrlman is himself identified as an offi
cer of several of the lines and many
c.thers are stockholders in two or more.
•As a consequence they are working on a
friendly basis and probably will Continue
to do so. Thus it can be seen there is no
necessity for a reorganization as a trans
continental system. I do not believe it
will ever appear."
DEWEY BUSY AT TRIESTE.
Rumor That He Has Been Seen by
Politicians Unfounded.
TRIESTE. July 26.- Admiral Dewey was
busily engaged during the day In replying
to his immense American correspondence
and in receiving private visitors.
The rumors that American politicians
have arrived here to consult with the ad
miral regarding the Presidency of the
t'nited States are without foundation.
Held Under Heavy Bonds.
SEATTLK. July 26.— George W. Arm
strong of Chicago was taken before Jus
tice of the Peace Austin to-day on the
charge of being a fugitive from justice.
Justice Austin bound him over in the sum
of $30 000 pending the arrival of requisi
tion papers. These are expected on Sat
urday. Armstrong has made no effort to
secure bail. He has not yet heard from
his attorney in Chicago and consequently
has not decided whether to resist extra
dition or not.
Found Dead in a Boxcar.
SACRAMENTO. July 26.— Coroner Mc-
Mullen to-night held an inquest on the
body of a- young man who was found
dead in a boxcar on the river front this
morning. A man who had talked with
the deceased said ttye latter told him he
came from San Jose. The dead man had
one woodenMrg and was subject to hlf><-<i
ingr at the lungs. It was during one of
these attacks that he died. He had been
a patient at the County Hospital under
the name Fred Tuttle.
CLEVELAND
STRIKERS ARE
UNDER CHECK
The Suburb of Brooklyn Has
Apparently Become the
Storm Center.
ONE CAT MOBBED
Mayor Farley Assumes Police Au
thority for the Whole County and
Leaves Phelps in the Cold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, July 26.— The storm
center of the street railway strike has,
according to the authorities, settled in
Brooklyn, a suburb connected with
Cleveland by a long high bridge. At
noon 150 employes of the Born Steel
Range Company blockaded a car on the
bridge and dragged the motorman and
conductor from their posts, inflicting
injuries more painful than serious.
Soldiers on guard at the barn about
half a mile away hurried to the scene,
but the rioters had taken refuge in the
factory, which stands under the ap
proach to the bridge. The factory was
surrounded and the premises searched,
but there was no clew by which the
guilty ones could be picked out. so they
bent their efforts in assisting the
blood-stained motorman and conductor
to move the car, most of the windows
of which had been broken by stones.
General Ajdine, in command of the
troops here, in order to personally view
the situation, took a ride to-day on an
Orange street car. He was in civilian
dress and the car was stone 1 at vari
ous intervals all along the route. A
rock came near hitting him. The gen
eral took other trips through the
troubled districts, but declined to give
his view of the situation.
The vigilance of the guards while
daylight aided them prevented trouble
of a serious nature. Preparations for
mass meetings at various points were
made during the day. It is expected
that a large one will be held in Monu
mental square, in the heart of the city,
to-morrow night, unless the Mayor pro
hibits it. In preparation for one. a
platform was to-day erected in Brook
lyn to protest against the action of
Mayor Farley of Cleveland, who has
assumed, under the authority of an al
most forgotten statute, supreme police
power in Cuyahoga County. This
leaves Mayor Phelps of the suburban,
together with his constabulary, shorn
of their power, and they do not like it.
The two Mayors are not on the terms
that existed between the storied Gov
ernors of the two Carolinas. The sol
diers and Cleveland's Chief Executive's
special police in Brooklyn are not al
lowed to use the public hydrants to get
water, it is paid, and upon various oc
caeiona bayonets were of a necessity
used to convince the shopkeepers that
it was wisest to sell soldiers what they
wanted. Mayor Farley to-day mailed
May>r I 'helps a letter, in which he de
clared that if the Cleveland cohorts
had any more trouble about getting
water,. Cleveland, which pumps the
water to the suburb, would at the pres
ent abrogate the truce and let thewhole
hamlet go thirsty. Mayor Farley also
issued a statement to the strikers. In
which he said a man who was more
loyal to his labor union than to himself
and country, was a coward and a bad
citizen.
Cars were run on twelve lines of the
Big Consolidated to-day and on most of
the lines last night. President Mason
of the National Union of Street Car
Employes, in an interview to-day de
clared that as the street-car company,
according to his information, was los
ing thousands of dollars every daiy, the
strike would have to be settled soon
upon advances made by the company.
In the face of this President Everett
to-day again told the Board of Arbitra
tion that the company had nothing to
arbitrate. The board is unable to take
action looking to a settlement in view
of the attitudes of the opposing forces.
The task of distributing the soldiers
was to-day completed by General Ax
line. Many of them were sent out to
f>e\vburgh, which includes the turbu
lent section of Broadway, to Pearl
street and to Windemere, where the
street car company has the more valu
able part of its property stored. A com
pany was sent to Collinwood also.
Mayor Farley declared that he would
suppress violence if he had to call out
the entire National Guard of Ohio.
A boy waa shot by a non-union con
ductor, but whether or not the bullet
was an accidental one the police have
not yet determined. Frank Wrig-ht, a
boy 13 years of apre. was sitting on the
front porch of his home at 33. Annan
dale avenue when an electric car came
along. Although there was no dis
turbance in the neighborhood at the
time, it is stated the conductor, who
stood on the front platform with his
motnrman. carried a revolver in his
hand. Suddenly it was discharged and
young Wright gave a cry of pain. The
bullet had entered his right lep Just be
low the groin. The car ran on to Euclid
avenue and ran into the barn. "When
the police arrived the conductor was
not to be found. '
WIFE MURDERER
DECLARED INSANE
Thomas Harrison's Path Lies Toward
an Asylum Instead of the
Gallows.
SACRAMENTO. July 26.--Thomas Har
rison, a farmer on the rofid near Brigh
ton, this county, became possessed of the
suspicion that his wife was untrue to him,
although he could get none of his neigh
bors to believe such a groundless charge.
Gradually the suspicion worked upon his
mind until it made him insane, and one
day he murdered her. tried to kill their
children and then cut his own throat.
Mrs. Harrison, dying, forgave her hus
band. Harrison recovered from the gash
in his throat, and recently his case came
up for trial. It h;i<l not proceeded far
when his counsel abruptly asked for a
jury of physicians to pass on the pris
oner's sanity.
This inquiry was held this morning and
the verdict was that Harrison was dearly
insane. To-morrow, when the murder
trial if recalled, Harrison will be dis
charged and ordered removed to the asy
lum.
Dtiring this morning's proceedings Con
stable Henry Alter attempted to draw a
revolver on District Attorney Baker, who
had criticized his testimony and actions
in the case. Baker showed fight, but the
affair ended bloodlessly.
ASSAULTED A REPORTER.
Under Sheriff Richard M. Brown Ar
rested at Woodland.
WOODLAND. July 26.— R. P. Wallace,
a reporter on the Mail, swore to a com
plaint yesterday charging Under Sheriff
Richard M. Brown with battery. For
some time there has been bad blood be
tween the two. Wallace accuses Brown
of withholding from the newspapers news
that is legitimate, and Brown accuses
AVallace of publishing items prematurely
and thereby assisting criminals to escape,
after giving his solemn promise not to
DAVIS WILL NOW
RESUME JOURNEY
♦ BY JOHN D. DAVIS.. +
♦ yp=^ YRACUSE. July 26.- +
(^^ Through some error a >
■ )S valve hole in the new +
"*" — -y cylinder was not bored i
"*" at the factory, and we found it '
*♦" necessary to make a tap to bore
+ it and thread it. This occupied
+ about six hours and delayed our T
♦ start until to-morrow morning "♦"
•♦■ at 9:30 o'clock. We will make +
> • Rochester. 66 miles, and Buffalo +
>- the next day. From now on +
+ there should be no trouble with +
x our motor, and good time should
_. be made. - +
++++++++++ + 4- + + + + + +
do so. One of these publications was
made on Sunday morning. The first sub
sequent meeting of the two occurred in
the courthouse yesterday afternoon.
Brown hit Wallace on the face and
knocked him down, and before he could
get up he received several vicious blnw«
which badly disfigured his face. Both
men have many friends, and for a time
feeling ran high. District Attorney Bush
is an uncle of Wallace. The Mall engaged
G. P. Hurst to assist in the prosecution.
Brown was arraigned this afternoon and
asked for a month to prepare his plea.
The prosecution objected and the court
fixed August 8 as the date.
STRIKE OF TEAMSTERS.
Shasta County Sawmills Forced to
Suspend Operations.
REDDING, July 26.— Between fifty and
sixty men engaged in hauling lumber
from the Shingletown sawmills to rail at
Cottonwood went out on a strike on Tues
day afternoon and work is now at a
standstill. Two hundred head of horses
are taking an enforced vacation. The
Klotz-Thatcher, W. L. Smith and Smith
a:- M.Carty mills are among those af
fected by the strike. The strikers were
receiving $7 a thousand. They demanded
an increase of $2. The strike was well
conceived and carried out. At the right
moment the teamsters all quit. Those in
Cottonwood remained there, while those
on the other end of the line remained
at thefr stopping place. .The strikers are
confident of having their demands com
plied with. Nojrouble is apprehended.
TO REPLACE STRIKERS.
Two Carloads of Negroes En Route
to Weir City.
INDEPENDENCE, Kan., July 28.— The
Missouri Pacific passenger train passed
through here to-day with two coaches of
negroes from Alabama for Weir City to
take the places of the striking miners
th An e 'effort was made to keep the negroes
from entering Kansas, which caused con
siderable delay. The negroes are locked
In the cars and guarded by armed men as
trouble is expected at Weir ( ity. The
feeling there is very strong against the
imported negroes, who have already
caused trouble. _______
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Help In trouble.
j^^J&J Nearly every woman can
jS*^_^«^_», recall from her own ex-
jßaSP^S-^Sj periences some emer-
XFE^SSI^S g-ency when a ready.
(»''f'~^Pc^^ "~££ knowledge of the
y9l^%'-(^'^ best thing to do,
£t''t'f "\ V*^T^ would have saved
MM I m s v^sah days or p erha P s
jfflfiSl A V/\^L. mont^ of anxiety
BHM-' y y^-^2*>and suffering:. No
W|A \ / *->^*^_/>-^-. family ought to
v__ be without the
\£^""~ — —**' """* constant safe-
guard and
ever-present help of that wonderful free
book the Common Sense Medical Adviser
by R. V. Pierce, M. D., chief consulting
physician of the Invalids' Hotel and Surgi-
cal Institute. Buffalo, N. Y. Tt tells what
to do in emergency or accident or sudden
sickness. It contains over one .thousand
pages, profusely illustrated with engravings
and colored plates. It gives receipts for sev-
eral hundred simple, well-tried home rem-
edies. It instructs the mother in the care
of her ailing children or husband, and giyos
invaluable suggestion^or the preservation
of her own health and condition in all
those critical and delicate periods to which
■women are subject. The author of this
great work, has had a wider practical ex-
perience in treating obstinate diseases than
any other physician in this country. His
medicines are world - renowned for their
marvelous efficacy.
Mrs. H. M. Hansrote. of Magnolia, Morgan Co.,
TV. Va., in a letter to Dr. Pierce says : "My hus- j
band is a locomotive engineer. He came home
about a year ago and just dropped in the door-
way. He was burning- up with fever and he
commenced with Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discover}' according to directions and in two
weeks he was able to go to work, without having
a doctor. I commenced to take Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription something over two years
ago, and am glad to testify that it is a God-send
to womankind. I "have been out of health for '
years, and am now able to say your medicine has
cured me entirely. The three children who
were born before I commenced to take your med-
icine did not live long, they were very delicate,
' but those born since (three in all) are very hearty,
and that convinces me that your medicine is just
what it is said to be and a great deal more."
. By simply enclosing 21 one-cent stamps
to pay the cost of mailing only to World's
Dispensary Medical Association, 663 Main
Street, Buffalo, N. V., a paper -bound vol-
ume of Dr. Pierces great book will be sent
absolutely free, or for ten stamps extra a
heavier and handsomer cloth-bound copy
will be sent. A whole medical library in
one 1000-page volume.,
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature ha*
Just been added. ",.■'
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within ,
ten minutes of the. Amusement and Shopping
Center*. , V.-"-
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.;
•write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated. "
and other particular*.
W. JOHNSON QUfNN, Pro ristor,
DR. ABORN,
EYE, EAR, CATARRH, ASTHMA AND LUNG
SPECIALIST.
OVER THIRTY YEARS' PRACTICE.
His Inhalation. Building Up and Vitalizing
Treatment Give Instant Relief and Cure when
ordinary methods fail. Aborn's Essay on the
Curability of Consumption, with evidences of
some extraordinary cures, can be had upoa
application.
OFFICE and RESIDENCE, 654 BUTTER
STREET, bet. Fowell anil Mason, San Fran-
clsco. HOURS— 9:3O to 12 and 2 to 4.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
■ pdXOTDESPAIR! DcnotSut
fer Longer! The Joy« and ambition* of
AVoB life can be restored to you. The rery
K&T <S9B worst cispi of Xrrvoui I>e>l»II!ty are-
QnO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Loncer! The Joy« and ambition* of
life can be restored to you. The very
worstcisesofXerTOUi I>el<il!ty aro
absolutely cured by PERFEI'TO
Vai TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
UW somnia, failing memory and the waste
.WjVNj^gjfiPr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'y yea: s.
~*\S£f&^^ 'Impart vlfror ami potency to every funo-
tlon Brace up the system. Give >_mL bloom to Hie
cheeks and lustre to th« eyes or/-*T|Ayoun(f or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy X> A *J<» boxes .it
■2 50 a complete K!iavante«*d cure TSjrJjSJ'or money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrice by THE PKHFEeTO CO., Ca:t<m Bid;.. Chicago, 111.
. Bold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two *tor«*). Grant Drug Co.. us
Oakland by Owl Drue Co. ■,- :*» ••-■- -'CORCORAN'S
FATE IS WITH
THE JURORS
Firs: if the Wardner Riot
3 - d Will Be
Decided
REDDY'S LAST APPEAL
Attorney f:r the Defaise Denounces
tie Conspiracy Against
Organize Lai :
-: > ■
WALLACE. Idaho. July _"--_- -night
"he jury -S deliberating over the rrr
•i::: -?--h:<:h -»ar.s life cr death to Paul :
Coro-ran. The last -word in the arru- ;
— -r.t tss ?p«'ken. by Mr. Borah shortly
before ? j'clock to-night, ar.c the
jzr.r-; r"-:vei their Instruction* :r: —
Juc^a ?^Tin. Tben they retire! t>
the ■--. - room has fa-ret: a. horns
:.-> them for the ra?: :hrer 7re*rks. ar.i
p-eet-atioa Ls that urJess a. di-sagr-r^mest :
.---u^ts. a verdict kH! be r-ri-'i-^i " : "
~.:rro-^. On the result of ibis c-3.se .
li.-r-'y hfogies the fatcre pr:-sv-?:.:t :■:■::.=-
If there re so ccrv:;:,''^ t" '.^ ...-i-..
--that nout, ff not all. the other c-is-e-s •
Colonel P.- idy. who «« '-■'- close for;
: ;-= j^^- ;J ._ jatd t- 1 -- :I- for :he P*5M
:~ : :Uy? with heart failure-, i-* "!
gtq'rrJ^ch -r -■;'■:--. H- hid eip-ect-e-i to j
—= k- his address yesterday, but was;
•her. "?■:•* : T . this that was impossible, j;
ari h;.= colleague. Mr! Robertson^ was :
called upon to -"-- the entire day. -his
.j, --_-•- --_-,-■», criTl v. —ii i2l I* i.
a.. .r . -.'.-. .„.- —-— • - — «- -» -» ;
• ;---. :-; r : :;■ -air a — asterly ad- f
Lu"'tLiT"*r^i«s:.bife-"'WT?rtb : - v^?-_ . _ _ "'
- : - ". - '- . " : ~. : ~- - -- - imaers' trnions ©f tie "
<':-/: "s'.W:f.' T .-.-:■ i.-^ charged .-.■•*■
-*■::.- :-.:.■= :r.~.r-i. :n t.-.em--. -e^. f-.^
-------: c.r. : coccesved for c-arryLn-g out r
;r.— -.- Thai ctaim of guilty has always i
j -- -^ *:~i trie ~H:~'. tizs beets iT^r.-^e
• - ..-. -.::- charge •-'- cnsse iti~^' it* |
•sr-sJc^r force. It was tfc* cry of lie
• joted in En.zlar.d for rlv ceruarw*.|
wn-sn aH th-? la'c-:r ur.io-ns w.ere accused j
.--- i>»iriz th« feotfreds cf — •:■•?.. Be: the j
unions :-yi,i a : be EBpfcrwsed.; Thr.r .
*~"i*r •■" *'< i* ■ r '-^5 mace tn^si n^e aoore s.ii ■
V-*"."-" V -_- ■ ■ ~ '-' "'■-"■ En t*"- ii th<* r7rtt:^~
?cch u-;:r.5 tare :':rx«-l ahead n a. :i"-6
up *.ne Bunker K2l ~:1'.. yes :: "^i? Eniid
-.al.ar.i the £:.*:•? authorities :: b!ow ep
RepJyiag to th^ sssertioa of tbei
proaacaslisi:. :tas Burk« m*rv i ai? s
liar?, he add~3:
did th* State f*t th- Ttitn»ss^s |
cpoa ii-j« testimony ::■ =e*ks to h3.nr--
Coreerraa? Wf.r:c- caaie?3ir. and Mr;. :
Cctbem; if i':- 1 : from B"r : i <B -T Where ■was ?
th-? £so£&€ of old nia.n Stringfeamj if- :t ;
■sfa* eos Euri<?? Woat pi&ce proadly]
claizn^ that" glared cosTict, St. CSair? s
V.-2.5 ■:: aot Barte? Frcs ■as-h'rre butt
Burke <--=— John dark? If w* secrpt £
th- tr.*-:-r:.- of the State that all men from
Burk-j a.r>r ISaxs. th* -arz^l-i case ci the
prcsecatl&Q most fat:.
Special Pr-3 j secutor Borah rrradr an
<=-!oqa-?3t cJ»>sirig' argument an-c Judge
Strr"3rart deliver' Til a fair, careful rfc«"ry?
t ■ :r.~ jury. X* d-efin^i morder in aD
Its d-rCT-^^S. UT.irT th-r SStUt^S: £r.i CQti- [
Einuicg sa.td:
Conspiracy cay &-= establisbed fey cir
ctimstiniiaJ rrfdersee^ -s-herher th-» sees; !
i:r.- by i ni^^Ji'fr oj che cor^spiracy cr
ccnxxnlEted tiu> am be established or no-..
It Ss roe ess«2t£x! to tte forxsatioa of a ;
ccr_?p:ra.CT Utactfeere s&ouid be a formal r
. ~r- -~ -~~ -".~^--r ~ \~~ ; -- '. *: ■- t -"I
oharz^T. ft is ssriscte=.t :f tite niteda of]
th* part-*s c«: urvJersiandicgty =<t s_s I
:o rr*:r:r aSrr -it a.r, 'i:-:::;r-: as.-i deli'O- f
•rate sgrrs-~-r-.t to c ;- sndi act*, aitteccsh E
=ucn ajreenieat be act rr. arufested by any .
formal irs»» Js
Cocsspiracy in tfce 2rst ir_?zanc« =jy be
c=:ac:;-te-i or ■evi.ir-r:c>r ravin? oo relation!
to the defendant; by axrs of dlSereot P*r- ;
s?r.s a: diJTerent Eteses .-..-. i places; bat the .
prt>s*cu:i!:r. Is box reqeined to prore the :
f articular "Er^e cp*jn whlcii th* cossffiracyv
was formed. It is-'sufScf&at if the State
prtrre-s- beyond ■ a reasosabEe dotxbt that
s^>rh conspiracy exfeted at t2»e time cf the -- ;
comtEisa&Cß of the nnfawfnl'acr; and that [
tre de-f*sd2i>t *is a ~-*rst>er cf socJi con
spiracy". As a matter of Law. alt «rbo tak* '
iP«rt {a a ©eMsspiracy ' aft-er It te forr=-rd and
while in •execution. wft& kaowiedse of th*
facts, cencur fca the plan* forrstd asd aid -
tn executing theia. ar* fellow-coa- (
spSrs-lors.
If they do conccr th?;r acts of eon-eur
r»nc* a'r* 1 conclustve . against thent. ai- ;
thocjh there may be do proof of thetr
£<rtua.i agreeaienJ ts conctir. Th*y cosi
rr.:t th-e enters* "se-hea th*y become patrdea .
to th« trassactica or further the crrsr.- .
:r»-i plan with know!*dee of conspiracy, i
.-vn act done by a party to a cosspitac; :
•- furtherance at and naturally fSowtne
frc=s a contmon <ir<l^n is an act of each :
£.- i ill cf the conspirators, ev^n If tr.e ■
• a ---;-v of the consptrator who did the '
act&e'ncr established. And when =ur£-;r :
£s co=32itts«i as a resu!t of cocspiracy. :
«ach of th« conspirators fs euilzy. even i
though he was n-3t present at the place |
cf crime, if he zided. afc-stted or encour- >
z~z-i the ccmn^ission of the cslavfxd acts
resnltlßS in the crime chararec-
If a conspiracy having for its object ;
the driving oat cf non-union raen ard the :
prevention of n-t-n-union c«n irons -arork- .
s "r Is fnHy pro-ve«i to your satisfaction !
beyond a reasonable dqobt. then _ the acts ;
sn'd dectarations of each _t?nsptrator fn ;
fri'rtherance of the conspiracy are acts :
and declarations cf each- cne,of the con- ■
rpfzators. To find a p^rs-on ypflty of con- ;
sptracy to commit crime, it is necessary :
for tog to fc-» satisfied that the party ac- j
ctrse^i shared in the criminal purpose, and ■
}n this case if ycti find that defendant :
cTd no overt act in carryrnjr. Gat the con- •
spiracy. even, thong-h he knew of it ar.-i ■.
?JA not dissent, mcfa fen-owte-i^e would be ;
insufScient to warrant yoa ir. presximinj
that he was of the crime charge*!. \
WALLACE (Idaho). July Is.— The i
Consressional Industrial Commission j
spent the day taking testimony of mm- j
ers resardfnjg the Cc-ear d'Alene :
trcubles. The session attracted little i
attentiori from the public, o^nz to tie j
universal interest in the Corcoran mar- ;
£.»r case. All witnesses examined to- ;
(ia,v Tr»r6 rneri viewing th<i situation ;
frc'm the unicn miners' standpoint. I
Non-union men aci employers be |
heard later^
BACCA FLOAT CASE.
Secretary of the Interior Decides in
Favor of Grant Claimants.
•VTASHTNGTON*. J=ij- 2t— T&e S««r*-
♦sjrr c* iht Interior to-day decided tie >
( 4se luviiililßS "srhat la known as Bacca j
Float No. 3. embracing abo-ct IKjKO acres :
ef land In the Territory of Arizona.. In ii- ,
!
Tfc^ ease- Blew c-i* <»t an alleged ilex!- |
can srranx to Loitli Maria. Bacca. Tn» ;■
rrant" claimant: It is bdd. Is entitled to t
fe aT » ti« location s-^rrreved so v w ex- r
c!-"d» al! !anto^ either occupied or :* a{.
rii=*rai e&aneter. ■ I
RESCUES THE LOST
ON MT. TAMALPAIS
WALTEB -vHOLL'S FAMOUS ST. BERNARD.
. --= ■ s Thomas Thirketi f tlie
M _'__ VALIZT. July X-— Waiter Scfa>3. who h.25 ctarsre cf the Weather
Bureau sircated on the summit o* Mount Taina!pa!s, is the -possessor of
a Sc. Bernard dog that canisot be purchased. The. doe was presented CO
Scholl when it was a pup. and ha? been so carefully trained that no matter
•--tt -i-jci a fog may obscure the mountain the do. & can te tuT-.ed Ecose and made
IV r ._ £a.ystand that a person, is Jest with the full confidecce that nc rr»at -erlcd
irfa;>ia'p»e before the sagaciocs St. Bemani wfl! return with the wanderer in
Xfc<» list of these who* have b*es rescued from spending a ri^h* on the moun
taic.'eold arsd hesgry, nunibers a half dcren. The tnest notable incident of
r'-c jefrii occsrred on the nisht cf I'ay 5. when the animal found Thomas Thtr
•Vl.- -^ a'ti»r he had been missin? for eight hours, and brought hiss home at mid
nier* Thirkettle is the proprietor o-f the Sunrmit Tavern. Ec wanted to bey
*the r do«?.«Kis found that the owner would not part with it for a small firturse.
Xb»l latest feat of the St. Bernard was the rescue' of two.littl* girts named
BodsersF"-.wfcose' carents came to 2«DI1 Valley last Monday. They started
i^"cUcab"the mcunt.min. and. losing- their way. wandered around until they were
exkausfedJ An alarm was eiven and parties searched tr.e mountain. At mid
niz-ht"the*chil'fren were f :ur.d by the dog asleep r.-ar the water tanks, half way
-
up tte oaocsta* —
GENTRY GOES TO
PROBABLE DEATH
Outlaw Taken Back to
New Mexico.
STORY OF A DARING CRIME
FTFTY xi:' wrt.t UP by TTTO
BANDITS.
C:r.victicr. on ths HighWay Bobbery
Charge Against the r-gir.ve
Z£ea-=.s a ilarch -: the
GalloVs.
Ererfal r-i§?a::i -■? Tt« Can.
REDDIXG. July :v;.— Tb* sxr*Tal this j
morning of 5-eri* Blackfngxbn of So- |
corro County, Xe~ Mexico, "srith a j
reqalsltioa f or Hrnest Gentry, recently j
arrested at Kesrwick aid rfjwse cc-nf.ne-i
in tee Cotsaty JaU. has trsn~late<l an
brdisarV story o£ hfgtsway robbeTy into j
one of the iiigidpg criminal sensations
!cf Ne-ar Mexico. Gentry - arrested
at Kes^iek uj>?n. tfce telegraphed
ciL3.rr= that he robbed a safe in the
office of the Alarno?orda Lxtmber Com
pany of JSMO in negbtia&le scrip. He
■-as* brought to Reddin? and at once
there -was b^grin a hox legal battle for
his liberty, endln? t&-iay wits his c-e-
Lcs haß*dcnffed for the first time an<i
deliverei to tie "NeTv Mexico Sheriff.
Sheriff BladUngton says the cri— e
for whicb fee traced Gentry over 2309
cnHes committed in Otero CoTinty
; The Alamogorca Lumber Company was
to pay its employes on April lft. The
: : men. were paid off- by : o"c!c-ck in the
I afternoon, and, ovrin? doubtless to son^e
\ miscalculation, the h.i?h-sra,ymen did not
.: make their appearance until S o'clock.
tn the eveninz. At that hour "Jack"
llrsser. since captured and now in Jail,
; appeared at the door of the compsny's
: store and commanded the men inside.
j numb-erinr fifty in a!!, to throw up their
! hands and every man complied. "The
I second bandit. ss.id to have been Gen
* try. then marched General ilsj-a-?er
; Davison to a rear office to maice him
I produce the c<>in.
Darison protested that he had not his
I keys aid went on' throush with Gentry
; to? a sleepins-rooni; ostensibly to get
j the keys. When there he Jumped out
i a side doorJ Gentry went fe»ck into the
? rear o£ce and took from the safe.
' which was open. SS3SO £n negotiable ad
[ ditional hc-rr-estead scrip, Ke left se-v
--; eral hacdred dollars in cash ennotfeedi
' Had the hfehwaymcrj appeared at the
1 noon hour they -vrQ'jld hare obtained
', xZ'VjO In cash, which was paid zo ern
j ployes. All the time Gentry was d->
--'■■ inr'his work his partner kept the fifty
; pairs of hands up in the store. "Both
j men "then roce away in the night.
Governor Otero of Xew 2d.exseo fee-Is
I elated ever the success of Sheriff
I Blaekinrton's work and has
[. him his" expenses, although there was
, no rewarii offered for the apprehension
iof the hisrhwaymen. Sheriff Blacking'
>: ton says "there Ls do possibility of mis
- tak* as to the men. Gentry is supposed
I to hare £l*v<sed \cf bis share of the
' scrip as no trace of it has b<e?n found.
i As the taws of Xex Mexico make hi?h
--' Way "obb*ry punishable by death, when
; G*"try rolls out of Redding in charge
> of the New Mexico Sheriff it will be to
? land in the saadov ot a scaffold.
Portland Clergyman Dial
POI " "
- •
- - - ■ -
floml Pu
-
_-■::--.
THE SAX FBAKCISCO CALL. THUBSDAY, JULY 27. 1599.
.'-3TERY IS RECALLED
\ i AC VAN'S DEATH
KB& ::a?.:a ?a?.z:~z PIKES
SU3DEXLY.
Physician Was Bnmght Ait«r Her
Demise by the Hi a Wham Her -v|;
Husband Named as His
2£uxti«r*r.
-<£s.ria Psixente, widow of Ag»»tino Pa
rectej who died under sasptcfoos ctrrr^s
stances on Xoveniber 2tj 153»5, passed ■
away yesterday afternoon at h-er h>m-?.
j CEI7 Kcaray street. The cause cf the. wo- I
man's death is still unknown, and the ■
'<'i~ was removed to the ilorxue. w-her* f
:an autopsy will be performed- Aceordin? : "
■ to the statement of Undertaker Valeate,
• who reported :he case to the Morgue, :'
■ 3(trs. Parente tad been 111 for two days. [
| hnz a doctor was -ot called until shortly!
before she expired, and when he arri~-ri
t&e ccsls was dead. Lo-sls Palo, whem
■Mrs. Parente's hosband accesedvof mur- ;■
; dertr.^ tin. was the p-ers<7n who sum- |
yi.3t.rta. Par=r.te's troubles have =:runr '
themsetves over- several years. In ir'X her ;
hosbxod die>l and acensed Palo of com- I
p*JEng him to nraQow the mysterfous I
: white fluid which -caused his death. The |
CbroceJr*s jury fixed the responsibility cf i
the man's demise zl^c^. Palo, but th-? case '
dropped. On the Last day of February.*!
!s3&, ilrs. Parents was ejected from her :
he me with = t t~jl!1 childr»n.
Dr. EL C. llervy. at *?A ilontxtmery aye- :
. nxi~-, was the doetsr called to attend the j
worsaE. Ucea seen Last cis-ht the doctor,
refused to tais. sayinsr that he did aot i
mow the cause cf debits and had csade
do Investigation. When asked if death i
[ couid have t-een -rcducsd fey a criminal I
operstloa he declined to state, sivi in? as a I
I reason: as fcefore. that he had made no .
j examination. Ke admits, however, that
j she suffered from a serious malady.
Palo says the woman has fceet suffering |
: for two days past, bat gave no reason f
. wnv he did not call a d«>::or sooner. Ar. ■
• the time of her *scsband*s death, orj
i. shortly afterward. ■it has been said, he \
'■ farced himself into the p*resenee of the \
' woman, wod the poSce had to be called I
r et. occasions to compel him to leave tae I
- -
ausz:::: OB toxatoes.
Spravir:g ;: Vines Aincst Czuses
1 - - t m I.: e
SAN" RAFAEL. July ST.— The dareer o£
"sins: pofscs in tco stron? =. sottiticn it
spray fruits and vegetables, with the ob
ject of destroying parasites, is exem
plt&ed In the case of Mrs. Carrie Xrause
of TocaJom*^ who almost lost her life *
'att days az"7 by eatin? tomatoes sprayed
with arsenic The prompt u.se of a stom
ach pcmp^ followed by the administerln;?
cf an antidote, sare«i the woman's ttfej
l»t the effect cf the toxic drag was socb.
that she was sahseejnestly obliged to go
to the German Hospital to San Francisco
for treatment.
Mrs. Krame !s the danzhter cf "Major"
Joseph Bertrand, who is proprietor of the
Tocaioma HoteL Ker brcsbaztd was for
fcerty eMef chef at the Hotel Rafael and
Is now employed at a swell restaurant
in the metropolis. She was poisoned
through the carelessness of a Chinese
coofc
Last wee* Bertrand received a larre
qtxanticy of fruits and vegetables from
San Francisco. htcSßdfnt; a box o£ tossa
to*s. The cook slfce<i these- ts3a.EP*s and
served them raw. wtlboart taking- ta*'pre
caution of ■ara^hlne thenr. Mrs. Kraus*
ate heartily of the sociat&es. cot the
Other ci'?ELti'rrs cf the facsitjr partcok o£
them spaiinsfy- 111I 11 a ftw minutes the
lady was *ak-?n with a violent- nanse-i
and paiss in the region of the stomach:
Dr. Cavanaa?h of Oiexaa was n3EOB«i
and saved her Bfe. bat she was so- £il
afterwarri that her father sent her f> the
German HospitaL She had alt the syrsp
ttraaa cf arsenical iMftwunlrtg. and an ex
amination of the tomatoes showed that
they hail teen spraye*! with a soloUoa
Of arsenic
Two San Eafae! Wedding*,
SA>" RAFASL. Jaly 2i— WSUajn 1L
Tfcacker. 3. s<3n of Directive Thacker. en-
Bloycd by Wells. Farro & Co.. procured
a ff***— to-iar front Conr.-.y Or«: Gra
hira and Tls cnit*d in marriage by Jas
tio? R-odden to Miss HS.S Stmtiuvarthl
"Both the contractins parties are a.se*i 21
an-i tnetr homes are in Ease O-xiixnd.
James B. Ricnarsts and ili«« Clara Brad
ford cf Nevada. C::?- procured a Ucense
and were married Jbgp Jistice Bodiea jre»r
teniav. The- arooss is i zed 33 and the
V --,- 5 5*
- - *^**- r
MINERS ASK
RELIEF FROM
OFFICIALS
Claim - ? rsmeni i genta
A:r Systematically Pre
y h m
SEIZE GOOD CLAIMS
Men Frczi ':.■:. Citj and Cape;
Nome Wil Send i Protest
tc Wadi Dgtoß
Special Dtsjatsi ta Tt* Caß.
.. i ea
- - - - ■ "~ . '". _
- - romeuid
" ' fa
9
-
- -
-
-
-
_
. -/ . II
-
- -
; ■ .
-
-
- -
. c i ■ '
- - -
_-- - - ■
-- -
■ ■
-
-
■ -
- -
- ■
- "- - ■ ■
- -
-
- - ■ - " ■
SURVIVORS OF THE
EDMONTON TRAIL
-- - - - rant ~
-
-
SSa
' - S. S i. Mort
-
-
_ - -
. _
■
KLONDIKE OUTPUT
WAS OVERESTIMATED
SHIXTON Jtity 2S.— lnformation
from- the Klondike tip to Jcne *> ha*
readied the State Department from
Uclted States Consul llcCcci at Dawsco.
Tne^Omsnl says that ...... ~ut
j".i ... wfil cover the goM product ter
tee p-ast twelve months, and s.d£s *hstt
ivneZta Crom Alaska Indicate that mor?
r-ll wi'l be forasd there than ever wfll
c-Vme out of the Klondike. Typhoid nas
broken out six weeks earlier than last
year and there are several hundred destr
rn:»*nersoas in Dawson without means to
at cSt^Ta- 1 fraternity is reap-
THREE HUNDRED MINERS
BUT VERY-LITTLE GOLD
-
-■ ~ ■
-
-
[
: ■
- - -- -
-
■ -
. . . - - -
. - ■ ■ - - - -
■ -
- ■- "
-
8r3.: ?- H:r?T -
SAN RAFAEL. Jcly SL— Harry East- ;
man. the I)^year-?Cd son cf a eaerchartt !
dates fe-siness at GS Market street. San I
Francisco-, ------- fey Constable vr. i
J. Treancr to-day^on a charge of crs-slty ;
to animals, swe-rn to fc-y Dr. C E. Case. :
secretary of the i£.arin Societir for the j
Prevention cf CrztliT to Aninxals. It is j
ane"ed that the toy beat to death a j
horse" fce-tenirtn? to Dr. C- N". Jones of
jjivt po^jt street- For severa* days the •
Lad has" been driving- the horse into town
from San Anse&BO. and the sick appear- i
ance of the aslaa! was a subject cf street ;■
comment. Oa the way to San Ansetmo ;
to-day the horse lay dowm and die«L :
Toong Eastman was braDsM before Jas- :
tice rtedden and ursred in pxtrrmatfoq oil
his offense thai he only used the whip i
? o ~ "3iaie th* acinial g'O-.'"" He afterward I
csed it "to- make the horse .zee up after I
is had fallen.** Jcstic* Redden caused !
considerable ssrprise by Sning the boy j
only r m. the actnal costs o. court.
FIBZ OX THE LAOZ.
Brought Under Centra! After Doing j
Considerable Damag*.
SEATTLE. Jcly 2£— Firs brok* out en i
j the steamer Laiine to-nirht. and far a
f while Ser destrortfan was threatened. Ac !
!■ mfdr - the fire was msder control. The '
f loss uawnti to about S3>.OTI
• The Lakm-e arrived front St. Michael, j
I Alaska, late this afterr. - wfth bat a j
i. null amount of coal in her tankers, :
i Alter dischargirtz her passengers s&e ww |
I taken to the Pacific Coast Company's j
I bankers for coa'lrg. About *:» o'clock. j
f fire to? discovered bo her forward lmid. j
t-It spread to her aisidshf-ps before foefn^-;
r brought inider corrtroL The crigia cf the |
E £r<» is nnaccctirtrf far.
; ...
MARRIES A BELLE
OF PACIFIC GROVE
MR and MRS. CHARLES E. B. ROSENDALE.
- ■ -
; - ghteroi
- : -
N ■ ■ -
-
-
. - . _
-■----■j . - - _• - -
-
MURDER SUSPECTS
ESTABLISH ALIBIS
Stegemeyer Crime Puz
zles Officials.
i
VERDICT OF CORONER'S JURY
ACCUSES PEBSOHS XTMKMOWM OF
Widow :: the Assassins* Victim. Will
Bneoantet -«": Obstacle in Fak
ing 1 Possession :: His
Estate
EUREKA. Jv£T ??-— Th~ oSSsxrs'&ho
have been tnvestlratlnz the stegerneyer
crarder near PWEOfpsvEOe bavi returned
to Eureka. The verdict of the Coroner's
jury was that Steg-emeyer "cam-? to- his
death on Friday last by a gucsbot
wound inSlcted with criminal intent by
parties unknown t«> vls-"* me teeniest
lasted all day Monday and antfl mid
night- |Women ca.ni-? for miles around
to- attend the inquest, probably for the
reason that ths mordered man had sl-
TaTS expressed hatred of their set
Daniel Webster I>ean. and William -\-
RawiEngs the two yoans s T -*pects, Laa
good aUbts. Dean's mother swore that
fee constantly with her from 4:*>i to
* o'clock, catherir.? htiel nuts t-eirty
a mile distant from the scene cf mur
der while a half-breed. Wiiliam Brock.
testified that Bawflngs reached his
hone at Charlia's place at 5 o'clock.
t'baSin also had an alibi. I" "ara^ at his
place the poisoned bacon was discov
ered on July i- He prove-2 that re •arss
and had been eniptoye*i daily seventy
miles ton the Stegemeyer place.
There were two persons impiicacev*. as
the murderers were armed -with ri£e=.
j ese of which carried a heavier cartrid?e
than the other. Mrs. Uns-er. residiag
near by' testified that one- of tne re
potts was much louder than the other.
---- - believes that the n-en
; stood behind a tail burned tree eighty
' yards from the hoase and Sre<±.
Tfce Grand Jury, which convenes next
■ weei. may take up the case if BWre tes
■ tixnony comes to she It is difficult to
aret testimony because the wurtesses
fear to tzlk. Governor Gage wiU be
asked to offer a rewardC tc which the
cocaty probably" wfll make an addition^
" "Mrs. Catherine Stegemeyer. widow of
;. c 4 man. who is cow ts
char?*e of "his property at Phillipsville.
ha« Instructed her attorney to £Ie a?-
Dlicatfcm for letters d administration
c' n -sV estate No complications are
expected,^ despite the numerous en
! 'a"s:lem*nts of Stesremeyer with c:=
' hmsekievers. Mrs. RawUcss. to whom
he at cne time willed his pro^rry. and
: whose name has been unpleasantly con
necVed with the murder expre»ed the
■ wish to-day that the widow mi.sst sue
■ ce^,f te the" property, as she and no one
i else was entitleiJ to it.
TOIT2. OF BATLWAY iEEN.
I Gathering of Northern Pac:±: Clans
at Portland.
PORTLAND. Or.. July X. -Prudent C.
i 5 MsUen. First Vice President J. W.
i Kendrick. Second V!c-e President I. N.
[ HxheuU Chief Engineer E- H- McHeary,
I General Superintendent iL C. KiEiberiy ,
■ and Assistant General Superintendent W. ]
•: C. Pearce of the Northern Paciie arr.Ta. |
! j^-re to— lay. The visit of the entire ex?>
' utive force" of the Ncrthem Pacific a: this
' time is considered si?ni£cant. althtaa^h
! tbe crS'-fal- as-sert it is simply tor the p-j.r
--t s«:se cf inspecting the roai Fhe cffici*Ls
i **2.v<=- fast con' frcm Idaho a&i tn* sc-erte
! - o< bcifding- operations by the- Oregon
Railway and Sarfeasioa Conrpanr and
; the Xortbera PactSe. They passed c«rs
■ *i.!erabl<- tinre in locUbs over every pert
i cJ "the field, and important resctts ire,;
i eit>*cte«i to follow. . . .
• la view o' the chancres by wnich tbe
| Union ' Pacific will obtain coctro! of£tt«;
■ Oresisn Railway zzifi Navrsation com- j
i pacv and the active bpMfs? war ra the
r Cl=ar ■-_--.-. the visit of the of
i totals Is surrounded with cuci interest.
WkttM to Eeplace Japanese
£E-\TTLE. Jaly 2^.— Th* Great Kcrtb- i
i em. BiCroad Ccmpany win. it Is said. dJ*- |
| : choree aT! its Japanese ?ectfcn hands and I
f rsnto whi:e men in their stead wltlna i
tbe next sixty day?- Incomp*t*=cy is E
f ~r- e^ I,* jt* cc~?anT as the canse, bat
I In «^=7e ctuirters it is thousht to fee ia
| reccrnitiGrx of the indirect d-toaz&s cf
I t":r Montana laxcr cslosa.
Will Teach at Tckio.-
VANCOUVER. B. C-. July at—Tva&tat
i scr 8. Wa:^si. a 800 savant in the SeM [
I o* EA^tiral science, arrived to-day en rent*
C to Japan, -where- be goes to fill the chair f
lof natural «<ri^=e^ in ToKo. H* •ara* for ;
: - a year i- ; -- = Hopkins rzf-s-ersitj- i- 1
plater at the Chicago University. -...I
f tl • ■ ■
-
-
-.- - _
-
•- - -
INDEMNITY WILL
BE PAID TO ITALY
To Settle for Louisiana
Lynchings.
A QUESTION OF CITIZENSHIP
i y"FA2i'S A f.ztzhsal OF SZCBZ- ;
TABY ci:"zy's bjfumqb.
'■ Department "Will Held That an Alien
Does Not Become a Citizen V".:
His Papers At? Formally
Issued.
Special Dfc»p«tc2» « - - . C*X
CALI> LDQI7ARTI - WEL
j LIXGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON".
t July ?k— ltaly wEI be paid an izedem-
I nity for the lynching of three Italians ;
.■ It Tal/~~ah. yy t T-r tjf3 ■» *^ a"'^ *^^
E»ep»artmeut "soli lay <50T2 the crinci- :
: pie for all thai an alien does not be
come a full- Sed ?ed citizen of the Unit- I
*d States until naturalization papers ;
. nave bees formally issued to him.
Of course the State Department "will !
pursue the regular lesal course for as- ;
certainiusr all the facts *n connection '■
' <orith the lynching-, and there ■will doubt
less be considerable diplomatic carre- \
spondence between the two countries
before tfce incident is closed. Bat the j
State Department officials appreciate !
that there Is no escape from the pay
! meut of an indemnity. No cirect de
i mand has yet been made by Italy, but •;
| there have been broad hints dropped in
i thai direction.
t The department's rulinrs on this point
i cf citizenship" have not always been
f Tmif-jren. Secretary Olney in his n*~o~ '
? tiatior.s *<n.x.h Emiassador Fays in re-
I zard to the Hahnville lynchinjc cases, :
f --- . the rrotmd that - ;
j as "alien had applied" for citizen-hip he;
I was to all rntents and purposes an \
i American citizen and that he had no
claim for protection from h*s native
country. Ke did not in -------
tldsj but the fact that he recommend
: ed the payment of indemnity, although
\ done as a friendly act. Is e^nsidertd a
f pretty srs;-«>i indication that his views
i had changed.
Appreciating that II adherence to
I the FOlins originally made by Secretary
: Olney might o^me back to p-'a?ne the
■United States, the authorities have d-_
- termine>i to hold that an alien does
I not b«c-come a citizen cf the United
; States until naturalization papers have
been formally issued to him.
It is pc-inted out that if aliens
\ have declared their Intention of be
comin? American tecs should re
turn to* any country, tne LLkSu
States could not properly refuse them
passports and protection in case they
\ got into any trouble.
"vT:r"i cr. Qm Sti-::rd Arci.
\*t "■_ - *j . . .., i . W .■--■■■- *i■ - m J7tr * * Lt T
STAXFORD rXIVERSITr. July :-• - [
TTi* itystGces 03 tie —■ -- - -- t Stan- |
ford nemo rial arch, were laid c>-day. Tbls I
cozs. pletes the semicircle of the arch, f
which is .- feet in diameter ar.d -C fee* |
to the croim. "VTcrk wil! proceed rapidly i
oa the cpp«sr p<;rtior:* of the bcildtss. |
which, when £ru.?hed. will reach the <
het?ht of SS feet, fir oven^jptsr a!! the ;
o:feer bciMJriffs. The arch Is to serve a3 I
a zaainteatrancc to the ooter and bsaoerl
qaadiandesj ar.d faces the bread drive-:
■arav of University avenue. Its cost vbea |
eexai^eted. iaclTidinz- the zrazid friesa
vltfcb the scilptor St Gatzdess is de
signiag. representiasr ailerorteally the ■
prosress of ciTSizaiios ia Amertca. will
£n the necion of .'■-■" fs expected
that the arcfe. with the exception of the :
carvings, will be oarspleted by the first of
November. /*• •'
Six Tcan En i P-: I borj
SANTA ROSA. July 35.— Jcdz-e Burnett j
to-day sentenced Joseph Hiatt to FcLscin \
for six rears Coir the robiery. of John [
S'aubari near Healdsfatir?. T,a,*t week two I
others recelve>i a stniilar s^nte^ce tc« Sas I
Qaestts for the same Tens*-. Hiatt's |
fanvyeta ciade a strenuous effort to save f
tirs •>n a technicality. Hiatt is o=.ly 15 i
■--- at are as«i tee son of respectable |
i^cpie. m
CBnrz of a xzgbzss.
Killed Her Child and Thr-Ts- the Body
to the Hogs.
\rESTCFTESTER_ Pa.. July SL— A r*^
voUin? murder canie to Kxhc to-day. It
is alleged --.•-:■:-- Fannie StevenesoaJ
c€tore«i. <mslie<i her infant's head with an
ax ar^i r ten threw the fc»o<iy to some &o-:5.
which dewmed ft. ------ and b*r jj
hustand have £e£_
♦
Coast Service Extended.
-
- • :-'-■■
FILLS VICTIM TO
FEROCIOUS BEARS
Disabled Hunter Killed
• and Eaten.
FATE OF ALLAN CAMERON
"WAS A LOOT PBOSPECTOB NZAB
SHOAX BAT
rragments -: Clothing tad Signs of a
Scrurgle Mute Evideaoe ci tie
Old la I Fight for
Life.
-
VICTORIA. B. C. Jsl? 3L— P-?-r*=:!r
sc=e icsr?*rs rerumin.? from Shoal 3a.y
trough: to Provincial Consracte Lister at
Vasccuver th-? details — =»2?er tui cs.
doabtedly authentic — of the terrible deazb
cf a kJEe pr»>s"<?<t;;r. A**2." Carrr^rcn.
-^--> Cajsrercn. who RS we" kno-wr:
here, had be*- sprrndini: s-rrs-5 tin* pr:;
p^ctinr alcae £n the rockr wQferaesses
tack cf Sboal Bar- Ke Ifred alooe ie a
eabtn fee had er»ct*ti for hi=s*Lr. a»d sso
+js «5.w hiirs is SJS ls_st (lay?. a~'i r<> h"
nian aid was s-ear when be »as called fay
dea-h.
. - - - -
- '
CHANGE IN CUBAN
CATTLE REGULAT DNS
I - :-—?-- Izsr-?:::r; to 3e Located
at Cuban Instead :: Ameri
cau: P:ri.
WASKTNGTON. July 25.— Th- Secretary
'■■--- has decided to change- the
repzlatlota recently issued for the free
admission cf cattle into Cuba next yes.?.
so as to provide for the location of depart
ment inspectors at Cuban ports instead of
American ports, as was originally ecu-
Xh* charge is mace At instance c
the War E«epartm*Et an*i is tatfiisded to
permit the a»im:s-«Ion of cattle fronr other
co»intrie'? upon tie Ss.me terms as frets
the- Unite*! States. Tie portions of ti
resrulations as at first drafted rer;uirin?'
the ~-,<:c & to be grade-I and immune from
ferer will be retiine<i.
CLUBBED BY HIS ttitz
7.-i Wnßam Boberta Elopa "
Ar.othsr Woman.
SAX RAFAEL!; July 2S.^absdT tdOam^
. in* the sertsati snai clnbfrins of a plasterer
\ r.ame>i WEliam R.:berts by hi-s ■&iii. ■xr'^'.z'z.
i occri.rre'i last week near Schaetzezi Park.
I c^mes the -eTrs that Roberta has e-lcpe>l
1 ■»r:th Mrs. Jcsep-ine Ne'son. a stautes^ce
I bcarrty, whose husband is at present is
: ChZc&go. ilrs. Ro"c*rts is erief-stricier.
I ov»r - - i desertioaj but at the advice 6£
\ rrte^is ------ Taj'cr to-*iay an-i
\ asi?d for a -warrant. tc~ tie surest of Ger
f «rrins- bssbaad. She was informed 'or the
• Sheriit that her only recourse at 13.v lay
I : ~A few days ago Mr?. Raberts afforded
i' entertainment to a number of citizens by
! chasing her husband around the nelds tn
i the vicinity of Sciuetzen Pari ■ with 2.
r dnbl She caarh: hini as he was clirab
inr a. fence and 3-_anaged to get in two*
i heavy tt^ws before he suooee^'d in
evaifnr her. There was cossiderafc!*
: speculation by the sossip-? at the time a.3
; to the cause of thts'chastiseme-t. but the
■ rea*<33 is now fcrrthcoisin?. Mrs. Roberts
say? that she tiis-Mvere-i ncr husfcan i
: ie^ptn^ an appointment wztn *~~t nv^j
I and thought she would fcn?ai up the affair
; with a club if necessary. Sic now te-wiils
f her hasty act and says that she has s:=
--f ply driven her 'r~;rjr,- : a."«2.y with tie
' woman he evidently prefers to herself.
Rorrerts d^appea_r*>i" list Sunday. VTt^r.
I he did not return Mrs. Roberts b*?a.n t.o
t make --■■-" out that Mrs.
: Nelson a.lsjy b-ad vanished. She -sr-^he-s a
' warrant merely to brtnar her hnsJand
! baei. an<i says sic will t-= contented t»
r.ver'.xi'i his alleged wrongTioins if he will;
j return and premise to do better in the
i future.
Lodges Cons<*
■ * - -
i
De- . a-jjg^l
cholia. ™
. - - . ; , - - —
iciu tuei'gJ »r« ir-aX if th«!T ti« been owr-
-.-.- - -.- — * Ezxsi - --- • .:•: i- : 5-^--
§ » i- -- ,-■— .«-.* ;-•■«.•-■ .■--
m^'i Ls tfc* z- -■-- z>?rv» ce=;«r •■* ti« fccij".
-.-.^ -. -* :i - - L ; ;■• .-i^^--..-; - -= - :--
-■ -.-;-—' -i ■-.- Si - • = ; -r -. r •
jr:a ;^_i: - .- --- .- >:-— . « _ — ■. - -•• ir>
Fig: I. beadac&e* and Aixitn'wa: Rs^.X hpgg*
»t*«: fit i pal^=-ws *a«i e=a^rta.cto«: F*^. «.
«a:*i :^c^=e; F:*v 5. jalp^ti:i«;=. cf beirt; Fig.
<t. -;ii.-' ■: >lir i ssti'':n: Fix. Z. ---<" — ; of
tisis. A*ai=- ** =*? ii^r* ~rr:.cs:«i :-:s«
■
No -^j**, e«j ».xui. c**l scir^r ti« tsrsssr**
of N«-rr:cs Prrstratioa. As soca a» tbe Crrt
«TT=p--:-ni Es cb»<rrr»-i treats* st «Sj:-c!.I £•»
adopted. HCT>TAX is the re=w4r. r:r HTT>-
TAX ts * pcaitiv- tai ;w-!.i.rMi c-=re. XTT 1 -
: ------. ■■■■■-! ..•- TAN '-.»= cttt*; ti-ri-
♦ ♦ inrwfy ft wtli C3cti=r:*
{ MEN AND I '- &» good L-n
WOMEN =at *3--oe sdff*rt=x
i advised
I Call^r^rtte. 1 '..-'.'-I .. M
! Call or W-::e. - '.■_ S. ..
. + ♦ z'.l ia.'ziz* ci iz-r-r::---.
■ creates r-sr ci-*sks a='i bcfcM erss. HUDTAX
: Ss Joe ya« if y»:a wzT*r uritS «sr c* tie «Iwrr«
*;■—;- —f It ■*:.'. sec 'L. yon.
HCDTAN is *.:r six* fey -ir^c^iJts— Kc *
packir*. cr sis p— Ifarj Cor '- ifc
I* ysnr <iru^stf» <4c«s trc i*e; iTCTJTAN **r-i
HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
Ccr. Sackwa, Wh yd lizir. Sg.,.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAT*
i TOU MAT CONSTXT TEX HXTDTAX DOC-
TORS ABOCT T.OUR CASS. FH^Z OF
i CHARGE. COL Oti •WRITI^.
f&rtt^s&Rßb RUPTURE.
Tn^B^r^&PW :• - •
H"^ 'fiT^ caljy CCRSD tT DR. PTSRC3" 3
& 'gh- !Or»o: n»rrf Trot. CT : as
etinse or writ* tec Srr Pa r= ;.*;'.»«
Si L
»AC.NHTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO»
34
DANGERS OF THE
SECOND CABIN
Immigrants Use It to
Avoid Scrutiny.
♦ —
BECOME PUBLIC CHARGES
SESSION OF THE INDUSTRIAL
COMMISSION.
♦
Dr. Rossi of the Italian Bureau Ex- I
plains His letter Sent Out
During the War With
Spain.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, July 26.— At to-day's
session of the sub-committee of th
United States Industrial Commission,
Roma Dohbler, chief of the boarding j
Inspectors of immigration at the barge j
office, testified that his experience was j
that clerks coming to the United States j
In a second cabin with $40 or $50 were ■
the first to become public charges. The
witness prepared a table showing the j
comparison between passengers in the •
second cabin and the steerage. On such j
lines as' the North German Lloyd, Cu- j
nard, American, Anchor and White j
Star lines, the number of saloon pas- j
sengers almost equaled the arrivals in j
the steerage. In vessels from Mediter- j
ranean ports, however, the steerage >
passengers greatly exceeded the other i
classes. Mormons, he said, always came |
on vessels of the Anchor line from j
Glasgow, in the second cabin. His fig- !
ures showed that while 2083 passengers
came from Italian ports in the steerage. ;
only 25 came as cabin passengers.
Mr. Dobbler said that many persons j
came in the second cabin in order '.•> |
avoid the rigid scrutiny at the barge of
fice Ho believed many of the new ar- !
rivals had been coached as to their
answers to questions put to them here. !
"William Weihe of the contract labor j
bureau, who was formerly president of |
the Amalgamated Association of Iron j
and Steel Workers, said 50 per cent of |
all the cheap labor coming here, Slo
vaks, Polaks and Russian Pales, went
to Pennsylvania, where they not only ;
worked on railroads and in the mines, ;
but entered into competition in the in
dustrial centers in the iron and glass
■
**It, htis npt^n Friown, S3.ici Mr- \? eihe,
"that the companies give the preference
to foreigners, even when skilled Amer
ican workmen offer to work for the
same wages."
Dr. Egisto Rossi, chief of the Italian i
bureau at the barge office, said his bu
reau was supported by th Italian Gov- j
ernment. His Government did not en- |
courage emigration to this country. j
The bureau had been established here
to regulate the padrone system and for
the purpose of keeping a record of
Italian immigrants arriving in this
country. While he would not say his (
bureau" had destroyed the padrone sys
tem yet he had been able to prevent
many" new arrivals from Italy coming
into contact with the bankers and pa
drones in this country.
"Do you still regard Italian immi
grants in this country as colonists?' |
asked Chairman Smith.
"We consider as colonists all Italians
who have not taken out naturalization
papers and notified the Italian Govern
ment that they had renounced alle
giance to King Humbert." .
"Is it true that you issued a circular!
letter on April 21 last, in which you said ;
that owing to the war with Spain labor
and industry had ceased in this coun
try and advised your Government not!
to" grant passports to intending imxni- j
grants?" "No. The person who gave
yuu such information did not under
stand my Italian circular. Many per- \
sons were arriving from Italy with in- ;
sufficient funds and I simply called ,
upon the Government to urge upon the j
Mayo and Prefects the necessity of j
being careful in issuing passports, the I
more so as this country was engaged |
in a war and industrial enterprises ,
were in a measure suspended." :
"We have been informed that certain |
Italian Government officials are inter- J
ested in sending contract labor to this ,■
country and share the profits with the |
padrone," said Major Farquhar. "] do
not believe it possible," said Dr. Rossi.
"I should like names and data. Ameri
can foremen, acting for American con
tractors, have been employing the
methods of the padrone since we have
been able to repress the operations of
the latter."
Commissioner McSweeney was called •
and exam on several matters and
the convention then adjourned to meet
in Washington in September.
NIGRA'S AMENDMENT TO
ARBITRATION CONVENTION
Will Admit Non-Signatory Powers if
There Is No Oppo
sition.
THE HAGUE, July 26.— The drafting
the International l'< >•■■
lay decided upon the form
of a convention on the laws and customs
of war and the '.•■nova
Convention to naval warfare, as well as
to the arbitra
*chem< by non-signatory powers.
H la hoped that the c< nventiona will be
fully Saturday. Sir Julian
• the Britißh d<
,-,,. he non-sig
entitled to adhere to
on only by the
signatory pow
• ount Nigra, chief of the Italian del
ed an amendment perniii
tinp ouch adh ision if no power opposes.
It is hoped that the British Foreign Of
ill accept the amendment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oQSTHOORN CIN.
i
The Finest Made in Amerlca.
CHARLES MEINECKE A. CO.,
AOENTB PACIFIC 00ABT,
Sli Bwrnnonto Bt , 8»a Fr»ciKo, CaL
CUBANS BEG FOR
AMERICAN MONEY
Gomez Says the Gift
Was 111 Timed.
HAS CAUSED DISSATISFACTION
THOUGHT HIS SOLDIERS WOULD
REFUSE THE MONEY.
Instead of This, They Are Grumbling
Because It Was Not Distributed
Quickly Enough to Suit
Them.
Special Dtsratrh to The Call.
HAVANA, July 26.— 1n an interview
with General Gomez, printed In I^a
Lucha, the Cuban commander was
quoted as saying:
"Never has a plague more afflicting
fallen upon Cuba than the 53,000,000
asked from President McKinley for the
Cuban soldiers. The money has been
the cause of ill will among those who,
by right and justice, should be eternally
united.
"It was thought at first that it ought
not to have been rei eived, as i 1 was a
dishonor to the Cubans. The aspect
is changed now, and it should cause
pain to see wandering through Havana
soldiers begging for what it was sup
posed they would refuse with serenity.
"The formation of the supplementary
lists of persons Incapacitated in the
war and the work of payment has al
ready cost $6000. This money was fur
nished by Governor General Brooke, as
the Cubans do not possess the ground
upon which they tread. Th. -
not know the work and expense in
volved are naturally impatient and hold
responsible some one who in no way
helped to set the money or asked any
on to receive It.
"Those whose names appear on the
supplementary lists should not be paid
before those who are on the original
lists, bo as to pr< serve order.
"As the money was the pift of the
American Government I am pained by
the Interest shown by my soldiers, who
were trained to go hungry on their
march to liberty. The republic will pay
them, but when is uncertain.
tience will not further matters."
INCREASE IN PRIVATE
HOLDINGS OF WAR BONDS
The Registration of Coupon Bonds Is
Going Rapidly For
ward.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— The conver
sion of coupon bonds of the 3 per cent
Spanish war loan into registered bonds
continues to go forward rapidly. When
the loan was first issued there were $30,
--814, registered bonds issued on original
applications. Since that time there have
been exchanged $67,040,540 coupon bonds
for registered, so that the total amount
of registered bonds of this issue outstand
ing for the payment of the dividend due
August 1 is $95,460,540. For a time the
amount of bom registered in the names
of national banks held as security for cir
culation and public deposits increased
rapidly but for the quarter ending Au
gust 1 the total was less man May 1.
At the date of the first interest payment
for the Quarter ending November 1, 1898,
the registered bonds standing in the
names of national hanks averaged J63.238.
At the end of the next quarter the amount
had increased to $52,050,300-722 banks hav
ing an average holding of 18,422. Ihe
quarter ending May 1 showed a further
increase, the total being $09.341,.60, divided
among ma banks, an average of $68,366.
The quarter ending August 1 will show a
falling-off of about $1,000,000 in the hold
ings of the national banks, the total being
$5S 361.280. The number of banks has in
creased, however, that amount being di
vided among 890 banks and the average
holding being $65,374. • : .. ; ..
As aeainst this falling off in the hold
ings of'Vegistered bonds of national banks
there seemed to be a continued sharp in
crease in individual holdings. On Novem
ber 1, 1838, there were 41,946 holdings other
than those In the name of the national
banks of $29,708,780, registered bonds
of the war loan issue. At the end of the
next quarter that total had fallen off
nearly $1,000,000, standing at $28,861,300.
.May" 1 it Increased to $34,336,280, and for
the quarter which will end with August 1
the total had increased to $40,099,260; show-
Ing the largest Increase in such holdings
of registered bonds in any quarter since
the loan was issued.
PLANS COMPLETED FOR
THE BIG SHIP CANAL
It Will Provide a Passage From Lake
Erie to the Hudson
River.
ALBANY, July 26.— Engineer George
W. Rafter, in charge of the survey for
the proposed ship canal from the Great
Lakes to the Atlantic Ocean, has com-
I his preliminary work and drawn
his report. The proj< t is to cut a canal
, thirty feet deep and 340 feet wide,
i which is three and one-third the depth
land five times the width of the Erie
Canal, from Lake Erie to Lake On
tario, around Niagara Falls, leaving
1 Lake Ontario at Oswego River, through
Oswego River to Oneida Lake, thence
through the Mohawk Valley to the
Hudson River. A single lock will be a
thousand feet long and will be over
fifty feet high. The greatest problem
has been to find storage for water to
feed this great canal on its various
levels and yet not affect the water sup
ply of manufacturing concerns now us
ing various rivers. Mr. Rafter plans a
great dam at Carthage, on the Black
River, in Jefferson County, making a
lake covering eighty square miles of
land to feed the canal.
From this reservoir Mr. Rafter has
located a canal nine miles long, as wide
i as the Erie, to the proposed ship canal,
i just west of Rome, and on the way
: down has planned a secondary reser
voir In the Salmon River. The com
i mission's work also includes a similar
'■ survey for a canal of the same charac
ter leaving th>- St. Lawrence River at
the head of the Coteau Rapids and
; thence into and through Lake Charn
i plain. >
LEWISTON COUNCIL
LICENSES GAMBLING
I Clash Between the Idaho State Laws I
and Municipal Regu
lations.
BOISE, Idaho. July 28.— Th« City Coun- i
cli of Lewiston has decided to license
| gambling, notwithstanding the State law j
; prohibiting it. At a recent meeting of j
! the Council a resolution was adopted, the
effect of which will be that fames of
chance may be operated openly in Lewis
n the payment of $50 a quarter, as
provided ky the ordinance, for each game.
Lewiston haw a special charter, and the
U has decided that a general en
actment does not affect that charter un
less it makes special references to the ;
i charter. As the Lewiston charter Is not
l specifically amended by the anti-Kam
' bling law. it is held that the city may
I license gambling under the provisions of
i the ordinance in effect before the State
i prohibitory law was <nacted.
i The county will, it is understood, proso
cute all who open games, and a test will
be made In the Supreme Court. As Boise
; has n special charter and is in all respeats
j similarly situated with T^ewlston In re-
I gard thereto. developments will be :
i watched with interest here. J
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1899.
HOWARD GOULD'S STEAM YACHT NIAGARA.
EMPEROR "WILLIAM recently went aboard the Niagara at Molde, as the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Gould, and was accompanied by Prince Albert of
Schleswig-Holstein and sixteen gentlemen of his suite. The Emperor
Ltely Inspected the Niagara and expressed great satisfaction with the
vessel. He remained on board an hour and in leaving presented Mrs. Gould
with a larse autograph picture of himself.
RESPONSIBILITY
FOR HEW VESSELS
Long Divides It Among
the Bureaus.
CHIEF CONSTRUCTOR EASED
HERETOFORE IT HAS ALL REST
ED ON HIS SHOULDERS.
This Ruling Settles the Long-Stand
ing Dispute Among the Heads
of the Various De
, partments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— Secretary
Long has passed upon the long pending j
and rather personal difference which j
lias existed among the heads of the |
various naval bureaus concerning the'
building of new ships, and as a result
a new order, to be known as special
order No. 84, will appear in a day or:
so amending the present system. The
matter has, ai 9iderable feel-
Ing among naval officials and the Board j
of Construction has divided into ma
jority and minority elements, each pre- (
senting reports as to what should be ;
done. The main point has been the ex- j
tent, of authority and responsibility «»f
the chief constructor and the desirabil
ity of having his bureau pass upon the
proposals of all other bureaus in the
building, arming and equipping of new
ships.
Secretary Herbert placed the respon
sibility almost entirely with the chief
ructor as to all parts of the ship j
and the ship as a whole, and this order,
known as 4.X3. has been the subject of
the difference.
The new order follows In the main the ;
language of the old one. but some
changes in the text were made which
will work considerable variation in the
system Bection lis changed so as to
omit the -designs" of all ships from the
responsibilities charged upon the chief
constructor. Heretofore, he nas been
charged with the responsibility for the j
"designs, structural strength and the
stability" of all ships.
Sections 5 and 6 are changed so that
the chief constructor in passing on pro
posed changes of design, equipment,
etc is authorized to state objections
"so far as relates to matters under the
cognizance of said bureau." The other
bureaus also are required to confine
I their efforts to matters under their own
bureau The general effect of the new
rule appears to be in the line of giving
each bureau a larger share of respon
sibility over affairs directly under it.
DATO POURS HOT
SHOT INTO WEYLER
Acrimonious Discussion of the Army
Bill in the Spanish
Senate.
MADRID, July 26.— The discussion
of the army bill in the Senate to-day
led to an exciting scene. General Wey
ler, arguing against a-ny reduction of
the strength of the army, warned the
Government that the present situation
made a revolution highly probable,
since it had never been so easy for the
army and the people to make common
cause. He, himself, he said, had never
thought of heading a rising, but it must
be confessed that revolutions some
times cleared the political atmosphere
and accomplished the work of regen
eration.
Senor Dato, Minister of the Interior,
replying, savagely censured General
Weyler declaring that a general who
with 300,000 men had failed to suppress
the Cuban rebellion had no right to
make such threats, and that any at
tempt at revolution, no matter by
whom, would be proceeded against with
the utmost rigor of the law.
The Senators warmly applauded
Senor Dato's speech. The army bill
was adopted.
BIG DEMONSTRATION
IN BUENOS AYRES
Populace Turns Out and Demands
Protection to the National
Industries.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 18KS), by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, July 26.— A mon
■trous demonstration of manufacturers
paraded the streets of Buenos Ayres to
day. About 40,000 persons, employers as
well as employed, and also many women
and children, took part.
A delegation was sent to the \ ice Presi
dent of the Senate with a petition re
miesting Congress to protect the national
industries. In front of the Government
house demonstrators cheered President
Roca, who appeared on the balcony and
pronounced a short speech, saying the
country cannot adopt either an extreme
protectionist or free trade policy. The
Government was resolved to protect all
branches of national industry.
Forest Fire Extinguished.
SAN ANDREAS, July 26.— Many rumors
current during the progress of the great
forest fire are now denied, among the rest
the story of Mrs. McCarty holding up the
fire fighters with a shotgun. The fire has
been extinguished by the efforts of the
people and the computation of the loss is
in progress. The fire covered a wide area
and entailed great loss on the county. It
was the most disastrous conflagration in
many years.
MAY COMPROMISE
ON A FREE PORT
End of Boundary Dis
pute in Sight.
TO HOLD THE LYNN CANAL
A NEW DEPARTURE FOR THE
UNITED STATES.
It Has Never Before Granted Such
a Privilege to a Foreign
Power as the One
Offered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
| July 26.— Administration officials are
much relieved by the prospects of an
early settlement of the Alaskan boun
dary dispute. There never was any
fear that controversy would lead to a
serious disagreement with Great Bri
tain, but it was thought at one time
that the obstacles placed in the way by
Canada would result in prolonging ne
j gotiations and might cause friction be
tween the United States and Canadian
officials in the disputed territory.
I was told to-day by an official that
| the two Governments were already con
sidering a permanent settlement of the
controversy on the lines proposed in the
modus vivendl. This official was sure
that if the United States granted Great
Britain a free port of entry on the
Lynn Canal, under the sovereignty of
the United States, the privilege thus
granted would be made permanent.
Any agreement by Great Britain on
this basis will he far reaching in effect,
as it will amount practically to an ac
knowledgment by the British Govern
ment of the claim of the United States
to sovereignty over the Lynn Canal
and surrounding territory and will re
move the only difficulty in the way of
a final demarkatlon of the entire boun
dary line.
The granting of a free port would be
a new departure for the United States,
as never has a foreign power been
given such rights as it is purposed to
allow Great Britain in this instance.
It is analogous to the right of shipment
of poods in bond through territory of
the United States to Canada, but does
further and amounts practically to a
lease of the port to a foreign power.
It would naturally necessitate the
United States maintaining an inspec
tion service in the leased port to pre
vent the smuggling of goods into con
tiguous territory, but the expense of
this service would be paid out of the
rental received from the British Gov
ernment.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
PAY CAR WRECKED
Some One Tampers With a Switch
and Causes a Disaster Near
Dunsmuir.
DTJNSMUIK, July 26.— The Southern Pa
cific piiycur special was wrecked last
night at 10 o'clock at the west .switch at
Morley station. The disaster was caused i
by some outsider tampering with the j
locked switch. The section men had used
this siding at 6 p. m., and knew it had
been left properly s«>t and locked for the
main line. When the paycar special ap- i
proacbed in the night the partly open
switch was observed by the keen eye of
Engineer Estabrook and a serious acci
dent averted. No one was injured. The
engine tender was derailed and the Minor |
hook coupling and platform of the pay- i
car pulled out of place by the engrlne go
ing upon the siding, while the paycar kept |
the main track. The wrecking crew from |
Dunsmuir replaced the derailed trucks of
the tender and at daylight the paycur
was again on its way.
ROUND VALLEY FEUD
MAY BE REOPENED
Frank Hanover, a Witness in the Lit-
tlefleld Lynching Case, Ar
rested for Perjury.
COVELO, July 26.— News of the appre
hension of Frank Hanover at Santa Rosa
to-day charged with perjury In the Little
field lynching case, was received here with
much rejoicing by the faction favoring a
reopening of the case. The arrest gives
Impetus to the endeavor to free the con
victed men— Van Home. Gregory and
Crow. Officers are en route to Santa
Rosa to bring the prisoner here for a
hearing. .*.«.«. •
Round Valley to-day is on the eve of a
repetition of the exciting events enacted
when the lynching occurred. Judge Cum
mins is busy preparing papers and sub
penas preparatory to acting in the case
upon the arrival of Hanover. Brophy and
Gregory's mother are still here, prepared
to supp"ort their charge? against Hanover.
Surprise in expressed that no difficulty
was encountered in arresting Hanover.
Young Fool With a Gun.
LAKEPORT. July 26.— Edgar Watteri
burger. aged 23 years, went to the house
of a neighbor to borrow a rifle yesterday.
Noble Llewellen. a boy 12 years of ag.?,
got it for him and in fun pointed it at
him and pulled the trigger. The rifle was
loaded and the ball went through the
lower part of Wattenburger's body. Wat
tenbur^er lived two hours. A Coroners
Jury decided that the shooting was acci
dental.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner .Mission. Salt
watei direct from the ocean.
INGERSOLL'S BODY
LIES IN STATE
Incineration Will Take
Place To-Day.
HOUR HAS NOT BEEN SET
LETTERS FROM ALL PARTS OF
THE COUNTRY.
Funeral Starts Whenever the Widow
Is Ready — Last Writings
Will Not Be Pub
lished. •
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Walston, the
beautiful, at Dobbs Ferry, where Rob
ert G. Ingersoll died, was a quiet place
to-day. The body of the dead agnostic
lay on his flower-covered bier. Only
the widow and daughters sat near; all
others kept away.
Three hundred letters were received
to-day from all over the country, most
of them from intimate friends. Among
those who sent letters were J. H. Man
ley of Maine; Mrs. Elizabeth Cady
Stanton, who wrote a beautiful letter
of hope and sympathy; Octave Thanet,
and Owen Miller, president of the
American Federation of Musicians.
This Is what Mr. Miller wrote from St.
Louis to Mr?. Ingersoll:
"On behalf of 15,000 professional mu
sicians, comprising the American Fed
eration of Musicians, permit me to ex
tend you our heartfelt and most sin
cere sympathy in the irreparable loss
of the model husband, father and
friend. In him the musicians of not
only this country, but of all countries,
have lost one whose noble nature
grasped the true beauties of our su
! blime art and whose intelligence gave
I those impressions in words of glowing
eloquence that will live as long as lan
guage exists."
Colonel Ingersoll's body will be ere
! mated to-morrow. The coffin was sent
I to Dobbs Ferry to-day, but it remained
all day at the local undertaker's. It is
a plain, black, cloth-covered coffin,
without ornament or handles of any
kind, and without even a name plate.
It is simply a box in which the dead
may lie at resrt during the journey to
! the crematory at Fresh Pond, Long
Island.
The body of the dead agnostic will
be transferred from the bier to the
i coffin at 9 a. m. Whenever the widow
i is ready the hearse will start down the
long hill that has been the joke of
Colonel Ingersoll many a time. A Bpe
clal train will be in waiting at the sta
! tion to take the party to Xew York
! City. It is only a few minutes' ride to
i Fresh Fond.
The incineration will be strictly pri
; vate. The time has not even been set,
in order that the public may not know.
The funeral party will wait during the
hours while the body is being con
sumed, to take the ashes back with
them.
The funeral urn has already been se-
l ected. It is the choice from a thou
sand of George Grey Barnard, the
sculptor, and the dead man's friend.
This is only temporary, but it will
* satisfy Mrs! Ingersoll until a finer one
! can be made. She is determined that
| the. ashes shall not be away from her
a single moment.
Whatever was written by Colonel In
trersoll before his death is still unpub
lished and will not be printed.
STATE BOARD NAMED.
Will Supervise Christian Church
Wcrk for a Year.
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— State President
I. H. Hughes of chleo. in his address to
the Christian Church convention to-day,
recommend* d a number of changes in the
bylaws, among them being that the
chairman of the convention be elected one
rear in advance of his incumbency; that
ill members of the board of directors be
?hosen from points near some center of
:hurch population; that the best financial
Lgent possible be sent to each church
n the State that is not properly contrib
jting to the State work; that encourage
ment be extended to Berkeley Bible Sem
nary. and that Curtner Seminary be re
auiit.
The members of the State board were
elected to-day. They will meet Saturday
to elect officers and organize. The new
board, which has supervision over the
work of the church, is composed of Rev.
S. M. Jefferson. Berkeley; Rev. Guy \V.
Smith, Oakland; Lyman Maguire, Sara
toga; Rev. Henry Sbadle, Sacramento;
Rev. R. N. Davis, Gllroy; Rev. W. H.
Martin, Fresno; Professor H. D. Me-
Atn-my. Berk<
Among the arrivals this week are: El
mer R. Thompson, G..roy; Rev. James
McCullough. Irvington; Mr. and Mrs. C.
Stockton, Dan Btockton, Bakersfletd; G.
W. Freman, Fresno; F. W. Grandall,
Santa Clara; C. A. Murdoch, Mabel Min
ard Fresno; Robert Woggoner, Hanford;
William Monroe, Margaret Mtnard, Cella
Wills, Fresno; Mrs. Jennie Raymond, San
Jose; Mrs. John Price, Butte City; Mr.
ami Mrs. T. J. Wisecarver, Geyserville;
.1. W. Elder, Visalia; J. Durham. Irving
ton; Mrs. L. McGuire, Arthur McGuire,
Saratoga; Mrs. M. P. Farrish P. Colvin,
Mrs P. Colvin, Mrs. W. W. Stltt, Santa
Rusa: Frank L. Huff, Boulder; Mrs. Z.
T. Magill. Winters; Mrs. J. H. Harlan,
Woodland; L. A. Brewster, Eva Delia
Brewster, Miss Stow, R. H. Sawyer, E.
A. Connell, Mrs. E. A. Connell. Watson
ville; Clarence Hoke, Mr. and Mrs. Lee
Smith. Santa Cruz; Mr. and Mrs. G. L.
Warlow, Fresno; Edward E. Rose, Santa
Clara; J. W. Marbut. Santa Maria; C. C.
Hockabout, Robert H. Orr. Watsonville;
A. R. Ellis, Mrs. A. R. Ellis, Hollister;
Mrs I S. Brown, Mrs. Leah Brown, San
Juan; Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Juett, Santa
Cruz- F. J. Jeans, San Francisco; Leland
Cutler, Georgia Cutler, Irvington; J. H.
Dill, J. E. Dill, J. S. King, Mrs. J. H.
Hughes, Mrs. Rice, Mrs. R. W. Craig,
San Jose; J. J. Burnett, Hollister: J. M.
Gregory. Phoenix. Ariz.; C. B. Younger,
Hollister; J. H. Bradley, Corralitos; J.
F. Newman, Mrs. M. E. Walvaren, Chico;
\V B. Perry, Sun Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs A W. Mills, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Gassett, Miss Edith Gassett, Miss Eva
Gassett, Mrs. M. M. Spurgeon, Miss Cleo
Kpurgeon. Roy Nididgen. Mr. and Mrs.
I> h Russell, Mrs. a. P. Tartar, J. A.
Aufi Palo Alto; W. P. Mack. Watson
ville: Chellie Sharp. Oakland: Mrs. M. C.
Proctor. San Jose: Mrs. E. A. Hall,
Healdsburg; Rev. J. W. Ingraham, Pasa
dena; Mamie Ogburn, Maggie Clark, Col
lege City: Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Murphy,
Mrs J. E. McCubbin. Mrs. Duncan, Red
Bluff: Miss Grace Ellis. Rosa J. Johnson,
Hollister; Mrs. E. M. Enlield. Healds
burg; Helen C. Davis, Gilroy; Ernest R.
Johnson, Lodi; Jerome Madden, Oak
land; J. E. Mack. C. H. Barrett, Morgan
Hill- Lillle Johnson, Eureka: George W.
Brewster, Oakland; Maggie M. Hall,
Mary B. Franklin. Lizzie Franklin, Ella
Franklin, Lydia F. Luse, Bertha Luse,
San Francisco; Lily Bardin. San Fran
cisco- Christine Stripling, Stockton; Belle
Dixon, Edisa Dixon. Hollister; T. C.
Drake, Vallejo; Anna Sellsby, Mrs. R. N.
Thompson. Mrs. G. A. Foster. George A.
Foster, Lodi; Mrs. W. H. Nash. San
Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence
Thompson, Dayton, Fla.; Henrietta Val
pp V Warm Springs: E. J. Gleason, Hol
lister: J. W. Lowry. Santa Rosa; Mrs. C.
A. Baker. Santa Clara; Jennie Kelley,
Healdsburg.
Accused of Burglary.
> SACRAMENTO, July 26.— A young man
named George Bingay was arrested here
to-night on a dispatch from Nevada
County charging him with burglary. . Bin
gay was reared here and a few years ago
was engaged in assaying. His father was
an old time newspaper man. i
SHE ATTACKED
HUSBAND AND
LADY FRIEND
Mrs. J. J- Groom on;
the Rampage.
SCENE AT THE VAN NESS
SHE BLACKENS MRS. HETHER
IN^TON'S LEFT OPTIC.
A Jealous Wife Surprises the Couple
in the Lady's Apartments and
Threatens to Kill Them
Both.
Mr?. J. J. Groom, wife of the fight pro
moter, made a savage attack on her hus
band and Mrs. Hethorington at the Van
; Ness House on Market street Tuesday
■ afternoon. Mrs. Groom found her hus
band and Mrs. Hetherington In the lat- j
ter's apartments and without any cere- j
mony proceeded to chastise both of them, i
She blackened Mrs. Hetherington's left j
j eye and scratched her face, besides tear
ing her dress and scratching her arms
and breast. When the infuriated wife \
■ thought that Mrs. Hetherington had been
punished severely enough she directed !
her attention to her husband, who had >
j been tremblingly watching the pn
ings, and began to treat him in a manner
similar to that in which she had treated ;
the lady whom he was visiting.
Becoming exhausted. Mrs. Groom left
! the couple, vowing vengeance upon them.
Her screams created intense excitement
! among the other guests at the hotel, who
! expected every moment to hear the report
i of a pistol.
Mrs. Hetherington, whose husband for- ;
I merly kept the Yellowstone saloon on I
! Montgomery street, called at police head
quarters with a lady friend and wanted i
Mis. (Iroom arrested on the charge of
threats against life. She was taken to ,
! Warrant Clerk Wren of Judge Tread- ■
i well's court and. lifting a heavy black
; veil, showed what her assailant had done ,
!to her. . :
"I am a friend of Mr. Groom, she said,
i "and he called at my apartments at the
! Van Ness to-day to talk to me on some
! business matter. While we were talking
Mrs. Groom came in, and after accusing
1 her husband of all sorts of things com
menced to scratch his face. I said to her
that she should bo careful not to tear
her husband's eyes out, and she turned on ;
me and scratched my face and went at
me like a wild cat. She threatem-1 to
i kill me, and a lady who was in the house - t
said she saw a revolver sticking out of ,
Mrs. Groom's pocket. I want her bound
over to keep the peace, as both my boy
and myself are afraid she will kill me.
"My 'husband is able to keep me. as he |
sends me remittances when I need them,
j and I cannot understand Mrs. Groom s de- .
! Bire to kill me. If 1 felt inclined I could
! punch her face into a jelly. If f=he is jeal
ous of her husband I cannot help it."
While the warrant clerk was discussing
! the issuance of the complaint with her,
■ Groom made his appearance. His face
' also showed the effects of his Wife 9
; fingernails. He talked in whispers with
Mrs. Hetherington for a few minutes and
l they werii away together. So the warrant
I was not issued.
STATE LAW BARS
NICKEL MACHINES
Thus a San Jose Justice Declares in
Deciding an Offender
Guilty.
SAN JOSE, July 26.— Saloon keepers;
cigar dealers and others who rpap har
vest? of nickels from nickel-in-the-slot >
machines are deeply interested In the
case of A. Klein, who was found guilty
by Justice Hirsch to-day of having vio
lated the State law in maintaining one ;
of these gambling devices in his saloon.
Klein, who If proprietor of the Pastime |
saloon on South Market street, and his ■
two bartenders were arrested a short ;
tim<> ago charged with having robbed j
Henry Eekner, a rancher, of $11'\ They
w< re acquitted, as it was shown Lekner !
hail Bpent his money in a nickel-tn-the- .
slot machine. Lekner then charged Klein
with conducting one of these machines.
This city and county license these gam
blnig devices and Klein's licenses were |
presented In court as evidence of his
right to have nickel-in-the-slot machines
In his saloon. Justice Hirsch. however,
found him guilty under the State law and
held him in $200 bonds for appearance for j
sentence to-morrow morning.
The case will be appealed to the Super
ior Court. It will be watched with in
terest as it involves a clash of authority
between the State law and city and coun
ty ordinances. Other saloon keepers and
tobacco men were to have been arrested
for conducting these machines, but ihe
arrests have been delayed pending the
result -of the appeal. It is said they have
organized to fight the case.
TAKING TESTIMONY ON
THE SMELTER TROUBLE
State Board of Arbitration Has Fin-
ished Its Investigation and Will
Sit in Pueblo.
DENVER, July 26.— The State Board of i
Arbitration to-day concluded its investi- j
gation in this city of the causes of the
deadlock between the smelter manager* I
and their workmen, in consequence of'
which the smelters that are in the trust
have been idle since June 15.
The board will take testimony at Pueblo j
to-morrow and will reassemble in Denver i
Friday to hear arguments. The imjircs
aion is gaining ground that the board's !
decision will be accepted by both sides to
the controversy and that the smelters will :
resume operations next week. The testl
mony given to-day bore chiefly upon the
relations of the smelters to other indus
tries, showing that practically all the pco- i
pie of the State are suffering on account j
of the cessation of work.
Managers J. B. Grant and Dennis j
Sheedy both claimed that it was imposd- i
ble to grant an eight-hour day and the in- I
crease of wages demanded by the men, as '
the increased expense would* have to be
placed upon the producers of ores and
would lead to the closing of many low
grade mines.
UP!
GOING UP!
$3.50 PER SHARE
Contracts for machinery now being let.
Sinking of wells In three different places to
commence inside of 20 days.
NO MORE STOCK AT $3.00
AFTER AUGUST Ist.
During the past two weeks hundreds have
investigated and put In their money. The
moment we strike oil
FORTUNES ARE MADE.
You have a few days to Join them. Orders
received up to midnight of July 31 will b»
filled at $3 per share. Right, however, re-
served to return all subscriptions received
after the balance of the 5000 shares are taken.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
Parrott Building, San Francisco.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DESERVES
SYMPATHY
Despondent Men Should
Not Wait Till All
Hope Has Fled.
HOW COURAGE MAY BE
REGAINED.
Ski/- %
HE AVERAGE MAM HAS TROUBLE
1 and worry enough without being
hampered and embarrassed with a weak-
ness or a disease. Men who are inca-
pacitated physically cannot hope to keep
up In the race with those who are
St l° n man is run down physically and
mentally he needs a thorough constitu-
tional treatment, a treatment such a*
DR. METERS & CO.. the noted special-
Cheap doctors'. dangerous drugs, elec-
Cheap doctors, dangerous drug?, elec-
tric belts and temporary stimulants will
never do the work. Such thing* rob
the patient not only of his health, but
hl Th e Ur Bfafra8 fafr a8 of W DR. MEYERS * C 0...
composed of the best doctors (all specia-
lists) In Europe and America. They
have given years of study to disease*
and weakness of men. They are all
graduates from two or more of the b<-n
medical colleges in the world.
DR. MEYERS 4 CO. use remedies and
methods known only to themselves They
conduct the largest medical institution in
America and have a practice that ex-
tends not only all over the Pacific Coast,
hut through the United States.
AILMENTS THEY CURE.
Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnat-
ural Losses. Wasting Drains. Nervous
Debility. Stricture, Rupture. Tumors,
Varicccele, Special Diseases. Eczema,
Cancer. Sleeplessness. Rheumatism,
Neuralgia. Kidney Disease, Bladder
Disease, Spine Disease, Liver Disease,
Heart Disease, Blood Disease. Skin
Disease. Stomach Disease. Eye Disease.
Ear Disease, Lung Disease, Rectal
Disease.
If you are troubled with any of these
afflictions do not increase your danger,
discomfort and the ultimate cost of a
cure. Consult the specialists, who have
become famous by curing their patients.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
If a patient has any doubt about being
cured he may deposit the price of a cure
In any bank in San Francisco, to be paid
to DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is en-
tirely well. It it is not convenient to do
this payments . may be made In, weekly
. or monthly installments. '
CONSULTATION FREE.
• DR. MEYERS &■ CO. make no charge
for consultation and advice. Call and
see them or write. A friendly talk or a
letter costs nothing and frequently re-
sults in a great deal of good, even If
treatment is not taken.
HOME CURES.
DR. MEYERS & CO.'S home-cure
system has been a success for many
years. It you cannot call write for pri-
vate book for men, symptom blanks,
terms and other particulars. All corres-
pondence confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO., Offices, 731
Market street, San Francisco; elevator
entrance. Hours, Bto 5 daily ; 7to 8
evenings; 9 to 11 Sundays.
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring us the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip, tilt, waver or pinch-
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phone,
Main 10.
OPT.C.ANS< Ho >Ph~^
642 Market St. instruments
initK CHCniCie SimiDini.
4\'!s«v DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY^
9 ■i C& i:::siAESS7:r.tBt.6-iirti. S.F. W. i
T - > Qf The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
M ' J\- World. AV'eakne^iei or any contracted S
T ißaa disease pe«l<i'rl;carcd by the oldeit W
915 31 SpecJili»tc» the Coast. EsL 36 year* Q
$ tffiffl DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
X yriCjßfefl Co^^'jlt^tion free and strictly prirate. \
S I i^Xft ltmrnl personally or by letter. A A
y ■ Jjr (1 fot-tive Cure In every case undertaken. W
i 8 If lift Writeforßook. PBILO»UPBY*f i
r• if I' 1 94HRItGC, MAILED FKBB. (AT
9OK JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
g£§S DR. HALL'S REINYICORATOR
MJImSB Five hundred reward for any
a m case we cannot cure. This secret
d—m »_« remedy stops all losses In 24
W£fl Hkß hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
SiUl TiTT tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
SB bEM Gieet - F1 ts, Strictures. Lost
|WlL_|Hs»| Manhood and all wasting effects
"■" — -r^- of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottle*. J5; guaranleed to
c^ any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured- Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, lnvlgorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on lfi own Merits.
„_ „ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*
122 Market street, a. (Send for" Circular. >
WBBtly Gall $1.00 DerYearDESPERATE FIGHT OF
DEMOCRATIC BOSSES
Buckley and the Rainey=Examioer
Combine in the Ring.
Gavin McNab's Reform Democracy May Be Absorbed by
the Contending Factions— The Lambs Want to
Appropriate Phelan and Dodge.
Inquiry: Why does the Examiner in its pro
fessed review of its anti-bcssism skip 1886?
Was it not hand in glove with Boss Buckley in
that year, and did it not, in that year's cam
paign read every Democrat out of the party who
did not support or who openly opposed the local
ticket put up, notoriously, by Boss Buckley?
Read the record, the record it made for itself
in that year. Respectfully,
AN OLD DEMOCRAT.
July 24, 1899.
The inquiring "Old Democrat" Is in
formed that the EiarrJr.er ha? fought
rr.any campaigns with Boss Buckley as |
its ally and chief, source of strength.
Until ISSO the paper had no other po
litical leader. It would be lighting this
campaign on lines laid down by Buck
ley :f the notion had not prevailed that
Rainey was Buckley's superior as a
manipulator and could swing the Fire
Department into line.
In IS? 1 :- the Examiner was hand and
glove with Bess Buckley. In 1899 it is
hard and glove with Sam Rainey, Chris j
Buckley's old under study and partner.
Less than* one year ago the Examiner
c-r.-ur.ced Rainey as infamous. Years
ago it placed Rainey on a level with
Pas Burns and cartooned him as one
of Huntington's caged beasts.
At Sacramento last winter when the
Democrats had no use for a boss the
Examiner could not get along without
one. True to its instincts for boss as
sociation it turned to Dan Burns, the
Republican boss, for orders. During
the Senatorial contest it was the recog
nized organ of the Southern Pacific and I
the. Republican bosses.
No matter under what conditions or
in what party a contest may arise be
tween the people on one side and the
irifamous bosses on the other the Ex
umirer will instinctively get on the
si'ie of bossism: In every campaign
until IS9O Bo«s Buckley directed the
course of the paper. The Examiner did i
nbt go to press until the carriage re- j
turned from Buckley's house.
The Rainey-Examiner combine was
formed for the purpose of seizing the
Democratic municipal nominating con
vention. The combine was willing at
the outset to concede the right of Dem
ocrats to nominate Phelan far Mayor
and Dodge for Assessor. The clubs or
_- .
ganized under the Rainey-Examiner
au.-pices lost no time in adopting reso
lutions- commending Phelan and Dodge
to the people. It was thought t-hat such
Indorsement would take the wind out
of the sails of the Committee of One
HundredJ The Examiner fancied that
Gavin McNab was getting too near the j
throne of Phelan. To get even with Mc-
Nab the combine decided to appropriate
Dodge and Phelan to its own uses. It
was "believed that such appropriation
would divest the committee of its stock
in trade and leave McNab on the side
track.
Boss Buckley in a short time sized up
the scheme c-f Rainey and the Exam
iner and at once determined that his
clubs should appropriate Dodge and
Phelan. A mass meeting is soon to be
held to indorse Pheian and- Dodge.
Many Democrats have the impression
CLEVERLY PORTRAYS
DICKENS' CHARACTERS
■ ISS JANE COOYBS, WHO MAY CO.MH TO THE CALIFORNIA.
. ." -■■ ■ •. ; • • ■•" ■ ' -■■-„ :. ■-'
cp T is more than probable that the theater-goers of this city will soon have ,
the opportunity of seeing Miss Jane Cocmbs. the distinguished actress,
in a series of plays. Manager Friedlander of the California Theater has
it been in communication with her during the past few weeks, and he- of .
the opinion that she will grace the stage of the California and enact the
parts that have addei? to her fame as an artist.
In the event that Miss Coombs concludes to come to this coast It will
mark her initial appearance. In the East, where the lady is "now appearing,
she enjoys the distinction of being one of the leading legitimate actresses of
■the country'- -As a delineator of Dickens characters she is said to have
no superior. Her rendition of the difficult dual role of Lady Dedlock and
Hortense in "Bloak House" has won her the highest commendation. ._.?■;•.
Mr. Friedlander is in hopes that Miss Coombs will come out here. The
lady herself has shown ■ disposition to appear at the California for a short
engagement, having already inquired what dates could be assigned to her.
That she will receive a charming welcome at the hands of the cultured
theater-goers of this city Is an assured fact, for her reputation as an actress
and a brilliant woman has preceded her.
that the meeting
■ -■•-.-.
■ ■ that
lub, which has
THE SAX ir KA>"CISCO CALL. THVESDAY, JULY 27, 1899.
the demonstration in tow, is a Buckley
organization. Early last week all the
papers of the city, including the Ex
aminer and excepting The Call, gave
the projected meeting a half-column of
spa The Call suspected that
there was a pig in the poke and de
cided to wait for some organizat: ra te
- hand as the sponsor for the
mass meeting.
B 55 Buckley is making a vigorous
fight to get the upper hand again in
: itic politics. Gavin McN'ab and
Jasper M on lerrate the
sth of the "Blind White r
At the headquarters of the boss in the
Bald- x workers are constai
ng and going. The throng loil
ibg about the place is large. Several
touts, who were at Sacramento
• the corral of Burns, visit the Buck
idquarters. There appears to be
ti : : r the surmise that the
hern Pacific Railroad managers
I Buckley in thia campaign.
\ ■ ■ ins, who have made a
be campaign, predict that the
- 1 win in several of the
There was much talk yesterday of the
consolidation of the Rainey-Examiner
combine and the McN'ab-McDonald
forces, known as the Reform Democ
racy. Should Rainey be placed at the
head of the consolidated elements the
fisht between the old-time bosses.
Buckley and Rainey. for possession of
the convention would be one of the
hottest in the political annals of San
Francisco. The Buckley faction is be
lieved to be stronger than either of the
other two factions of the party.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE?.
Organization Is Now Be:
Effected in the Assembly
Districts.
The Central Republican League held an
executive meeting at its headquarters ii
the Grand Kctel last night with the ob
ject of hearing reports from the repre
sentatives of the various Assembly dis
tricts in which clubs are now being or-
COLLIS— "NEVER TOUCHED ME."
- Rainey as seei ' -"' 4
:•• ' ■ : .---.: and James
a. Wilson was secretary.
• - • I reports res
- - repre
-
Twenty-eighth. John McDermott rwen- t
tv-ni: H. S. Elliott: Thirtieth. J. J. I
Morehouse: Thirty-first. Bert McCoy: !
Thirty-second, A. R. Simmons: Thirty
third. F. H. Blandinir: Thirty-fourth.
Martin Jon<=s; Thirty-fifth. J. R. Hi'.iman;
Thirty-sixth: John C. Young; Thirty
seventh; James Humphries and George j
Clark; Thirty-eighth. Samuel Garratt;
Thirty-ninth: T. H. McCarthy and Oliver
Olson: Fortieth. John Whitney: Forty- j
first. Nathan Frank: Forty-second, C. W.
Gordon and Horace Wilson: Forty-third, j
C L- Benton; Forty- fourth. J. C. Kir- ,
ball, and Forty-fifth; not represented.
The Forty-fifth is the only district in ;
which there is no organization, and Mr.
Kimball of the Forty-rourth was ap
... a committee of one to confer with..
Republicans in the former district with a ;
view of forming a league.
Th* Twenty - eighth. Thirty - eighth. ;
Forty-f.rst. Forty-third and Forty-fourth
district leagues presented their list of del- .
egates to the nominating convention, but [
they were not acted on. They will be i
ratified with those of the other leagues }
at th» meeting to- be held next Saturday j
r ;cr ft~ In the Twcnsy-seventh and Thirty
seventh -districts pffort? are beinsr made ,
looking 1 tO the consolidation of two ciubs ;
in each. The Thirtieth District League
will not. meet until next Monday, so will ;
not be ready to submit its list until Tues
day evening. All the representatives re
ported that much enthusiasm has been
dlsDlayed in their districts and thorough
organization will result.
:N THE THIRTIETH.
Cautic Comments at a Demo-
cr&nc Club Meeting.
The Buckley Democrats of the Thirtieth
Assembly District held a largely att*r.d<.tl
and t-nth'isLtstic meeting last night at
ihe rooms of the San Francisco Athletic
Club corner of Third and Shipley streets.
Eugene Deuprey was the first speaker
of the evening and was roundly applauded
when he referred to " a so-called morn'n?
Democratic paper"' that has done Demo
crats more harm than good by Its perse
cuting tactic* He exhorted his hearers
to be Democrats, though they have no
alleged Democratic morning paper to
stand by and support them. ■_■.:■ ■ .]_
j-> m j« Bowlan also denounced the Ex
aminer^as a "hybrid Sheet." and said it
was acting from mercenary motives only.
speeches were also made by John
Condon. John Carroll and J. H. Gtlmcre.
There were songs by Charley Ducey.
Danny Kemp. Tom McKenna and John
Krug^r. Friendly iour-round boxing x
hibitions between Young Regan and
"Kid" Grey. Pat McClure a:id Chiuncoy
McKer.na. John Kane and Young ferry
concluded a pleasant evening's enjoy
ment. ■-'■
AFFILIATED CLUBS.
Centra! League Criticized and
an Executive Committee
Appointed.
The Affiliated Republican Clubs had a
■ lively meeting last night in the Union
. League headquarter?. The secretary re
i ported that a communication sent to the
I Republican Central League Sunday last
! had provoked no answer. This communi
cation requested the league to define its
i purposes and meet the Affiliated Clubs to
! formulate some mutual plan of action at
• ' the Republican primaries to be held
i August 8. McNeil and Gaston Straus*
Dr. D. W. McNeil and Gaston Straus*
f made caustic criticisms on the deliberate
i apa,thy claimed, by. the speakers to have ,
BUSINESS MEN MOVE FOR
A MARKET-STREET PARK
Land in Front of the New Post=
office to Be Cleared,
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association Starts the
Ball Rolling to Beautify the City on
Its Main Artery.
£=^=3HE Manufacturers' and Producers'
|j Association has undertaken a move
ij whir: if it proves successful, will
II have much to do with beautifying
the city and add a particularly at
tractive-feature to Market street. The i
project is to build a lovely park on the j
main artery of the city where Market and
Seventh streets come together. At a re
cent meeting of the directors President
Sbarboro called attention to the unsightly
row of one-story shanties which will soon j
prevent the genera! public from getting a
good view of the magnificent new Fed
eral building now in progress of construc
tion on Seventh and Mission streets, com
monly called the Postoffice building. He
laid "particular stress upon the mistake
of the city in years gone by in selling the
land facing Market street opposite the
City Hall.
As the move to recover that land and
make it into a city park had failed, Mr.
been shown toward the Affiliated CUib
movement by the Central League.
Applications for club membership were
received from ciub organizations effected
in the Fortieth. -fourth. Thirty-fifth.
Thirty-third and Thirty-first Assembly
districts.
The Thirty-ninth District Club, through
President T. H. McCarthy, reported that.
a meeting would be held this evening to
ratify the appointment of twenty-one
delegates chosen by the executive com
miuee of the club. R. Luna, president of
the Montezuma Club, reported that his
orcanization would ha delegates in
many of the districts and that he would
be able to give the full Hat next Satur
day night. "..'.■ -
The executive committee of the Affiliat
ed C ; ubs. consisting of -ton Strauss.
Dr D VT. McNeil. I. H. McCarthy and
p. B. Hayes will meet Saturday night
next t<~. formulate a plan of action for the
primaries. The Affiliated Clubs will meet
the" following Wednesday evening to hear
reports. ■
Precita Valley Democrats.
The Democrats of Precita Valley, with
Stephen A. Byrne as president, who was
defeated for the Assembly at the last
election^ held a meeting at Kelly's Hail,
on Folsom street and Precita ■■■■■■ on
last Tu^sdav ni?ht. The meeting repre
sented the independent Democsats of the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District. After dis
posir.c of a few preliminaries the club
■■':•■: candidates for the
ititmieipal convention, with the result t;<,it
"William Conroy and Cornelius O'Srea
were selected as unpledged candidates.
BALLOTS TO BE PRINTED.
Election Commissioners Let the Con-
tract for Primary Printing.
Registrar Steppachei called a meeting
of the Election Commissioners yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of opening bids
for the printing of 165,000 primary elec
tion ballots. ..> >'■:■'. v ■-,■
The contract was awarded to the < Tom
mercial Publishing Company at $32 50.
■■ and Brunt companies
each bid $165: Armstrong & De Guerre.
|94 50. and Phillips & Smyth. JlO5.
Steppacher was allowed ten more dep
uties to assist him until business is
"cleaned up after election. He also noti
fied the board that he had ted to ap
pear before the commission at 11 o'clock
Friday morning "Brick" Dolan. who was
accused last week of attempting to stuff
the Twenty-eighth Assembly District
with primary voters, and "Fresno" Fay.
proprietor of the Cosmopolitan House on
Fifth street, who ' is also suspected of
having done some stuffing in the inter
ests of the Republican bosses. Both men
will be called upon to account for every
person in their houses who is on the reg
ister. ;v2j-
Revenue Stamp Test Case.
Yesterday Marshal Shine served a war
rant on John H. Speck of the firm of A.
M. Speck at Co.. real estate agents, to
test the portion of the stamp act requir
ing month-to-month leases to have affixed
to them a 25-cent revenue stamp: Mr.
Speck was not required to submit to the
process of arrest, but sent his bend "for
his appearance in the first week in Sep
tember. The real estate agents not be
ing parties to these leases or sighting
them claim that the 25 cents cannot be
collected from them by law. Captain W.
J. Bryan and Mr. Mark Lewis- justified
for Mr. . Speck as bondsmen before Com
missioner Heacock. This proceeding will
settle an ambiguous section of the war
«tamp act. Messrs. William M. Abbott
and Albert Jeffreys of the Attorney Gen
eral's office will appear in Mr. Speck's
defense. . _
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Sbarboro was of the opinion that the
oppesite side of the street could be ob- t
tamed and made into a park so that the j
imposing appearance of the new Federal
building would not be lost to view as is
the City Hall. A lit) later, when the
director? of the association had an op
portunity of looking- over the ground,
they decided that something should be !
done to materialize the views of the -. _. }
ident. They all agreed that the sugges- J
tion was a" good one and that' the Gov- j
eminent would give the proposition a ;
careful consideration if the matter was f
properly presented. As 'a result the fol- j
lowing resolution was adopted and Man- ;
ager Goodwin was instructed to set the
wheels of progress in motion:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Manu
facturers' ar.d Producers* Association of Cali
fornia, ail that portion of the square fronting
on Market and Seventh streets, and lying be
tween the Postofflce building and Market
street, should be made a part of the PostoJtice
site, the buildings now on it torn down, and ■
the space converted into i park, with proper j
approaches to the PostofSce. building, and.
Be it further resolved. That the Senators !
and Congressional delegation from this State [
be requested to ure-? Congress to pasa a tilt
providing for the purchase of this stte and its
improvement as suggested.
With this for a starter, the whole
strength of this big association of busi
ness men will be used to effect the de
sired end and every, representative of the
people at Washington is expected to lend ;
his influence to induce the Government |
to make the purchase or the" benefit of j
its new building and the public in gen
eral. The plan suggested is that if the
land be purchased it be laid out In walks, j
plats of flowers and shrubbery, etc.
Roughly estimating, the land required is i
about 35) feet on Market and btevenson I
streets and 165 feet on Seventh street, i
That the land would cost considerable
goes without saying, for at the resent [
time, according to a real estate dealer j
who was questioned, it is worth about !
$3000 a front foot on Market street. The j
resolution and recommendations have al- i
ready been sent to ... authorities at j
Washington.
SAID SHE SMOKED OPIUM.
Grave Charge Made by Edwin Hay
den Against His Young Wife.
Die action o! for
I
up by
tdg The
parties in the (
■ ■
a, aged 7 years, and Raymond
■
"When the case was called Mr. Hayden
took the stand and told hi? story of his
wife's love for liquor. He alleges that for
some time past she has frequently been
incapacitated from performing her house
hold duties by reason of the liquor habit.
During the cross-examination of plaintiff
the counsel for defense developed several
theories ■•-.>.• not to their liking.
When closely pressed Mr. Hayden said
that he did not believe his wife to be a
good and virtuous woman. He said that a
little over a week ago he caused his wife
to be followed by an" agent. She entered
a Chinese laundry, he said, and as she re
mained inside a considerable length of
time the agent entered. He- found her
lying on a couch inhaling the fumes* of
opium. Opposite her a Chinaman was
also enjoying the drug and standing near
was her little boy. When he mentioned
the child's name Hayden broke down.
When he regained his composure the ex
amination was proceeded with. Other
matters of a similar nature were de
veloped, after which an adjournment was
taken. Dunne the examination of Mr.
Hayden his wife, a pretty woman perhaps
twenty years his junior, sat by her coun
sel absolutely unaffected by the testi
mony of her husband. It Is said by the
defense that Mrs. Hayden simply en
tered the laundry for the purpose of get
ting her wash and on account of the fact
that a bill of some $4^> is due she was
some time parleying with the Chinaman.
The opium story they say is simply the
tale of one of the usual run of private de
tectives and is false in every detail.
MEDICOS AT ANGEL ISLAND.
Make a Close Examination of Federal
Q : .:antine Methods at the
Station.
The members of the State Board of
Health visited the Angel Island quaran
tine station yesterday. Th- following
gentlemen went across the bay on the
State tug Governor Perkins: Dr. Louis
Bazet of San Francisco. Dr. D. D. Crow
ley of Oakland. Dr. R. W. Hill of San
Pedro. Dr. C. A. Rugeles 'president) of
Stockton. Dr. C. W. Nutting of Aetna
Mills. Dr. A. M. Henderson of Sacra
mento And Dr. V.'. P. Matthews (secre
tary i of Sacramento.
The object of the visit was to gather
data as to the Federal quarantine serv
ice. A vigorous protest against its con
tinuance is to be sent to Washington and
the member? of the board want to be
sure of their ground before saying any
thing. It will thus be seen that the con
flict between the State and Federal au
thorities over quarantine matters Is not
settled, but only just beginning.
RAABE VINDICATED.
His Accuser Fined SIOO by the Musi
cians' Union.
-...■■.-•-.1'.-- I
J. M. Blanchard. the musician whose I
charges against red Raabe were re- !
pudiated by the Fourth of July commit
tee, was fined tMO on Tuesday by the
Musicians' Union "for breach of good
faith and fair dealing."
Blanchanl alleged before the Fourth of
July- committee that Raabe had promised
to put his band at the head of the pro
cession, but that he would require S2O for
so doing. Raabe was given a hearing by
the committee and the charges dis
proved. He in turn brought charges against
Blanrhard. and the directors of the union
heard the case yesterday. As a result
Raabe was again vindicated and Blan
chard made to suffer the penalty of a $100
fine.
Jewels to Patrons.
There was an unusually large meeting
in the hall of Ivy Chapter," Order of the
Eastern Star, in anticipation that there
would be presented to each of eight past
patrons of the chapter a splendid jewel,
but in consequence of the absence of sev
eral of those who are to receive such
honors the presentation was postponed
until the 2Sth of August. At the close ot
the meeting there was a collation that
TO' enjoyed by about 150 members and
visitors.
The Medal Fund.
Sheriff H. S. Martin and Secretary .7
p. Docker of ; the California medal
fund committee visited downtown mer
chants and received as contributions $23
from each of the following: named: Geti
Bros. 4. Co.: Dunham. Carrigan, Hayden
Company, the George W. Gibbs Company,
the John A. Roebling Sons Company. W.
W. Montague & Co., and the Jess*- Moore-
Hunt Company.
. m .
Eagles Fly To-Night.
San Fr - Aerie Na 5. Fraternal
- of Eagles, will give a social in
Bne Brith Hal! to-night. The invitations
to members say: 'Be present early, as
i will enter the
hall at 9 o'clock sharp. The com
mittee has prepared a high-class -
tainment. so come in your most tasti . -
feathers, thereby adding dignity to an
evening of refined ' pleasure for gentle
men." This la to be for gentlemen only.
THi EMPOBITJM. I THE EMPOBrTJM-^^^
* 5Vb transaction compete until customer is satisfied. 5
ISe- IP 'EMPORIUM £5= ?
i %oprano, P ™ Ooldenßnle Bazaar.^ ? 1 r"FfJl £ *
* Night. * CAUFORT.USS UXE2T- AMERICA'S CRAKCE ST STOOL. "^rday %
» This is posil.z-elv ike last do* of tie famous Five St. Leons, ♦
J ; ; .v Australian lamilv of gymnasts and acrobats Bring the chu- «
ft dren tc-dav to see their funny monkey, "Jock." Performances from <•
* 10 to 12 a. m. and 2to sp. m. Admission Free — Exhibition *
a. H2U, Sfcond Floor. *
I School Books A s u PP s °°' \
a, The big store's special department will be opened for business 4
ft to-morrow (Friday) on main floor, back of rotunda. Thousands of ♦
* parents who made substantial savings in our School Book Department
» last year will no doubt be pleased to duplicate their experience by ♦
* buying here their children's books and supplies for the coming term. *
ft *
* IWc%*% 9^ B «^n The Summer *
I iWißit S &ÜBtSm Clearance. X
* Our entire guaranteed line of Men's All-wool Sack Suits for %
* summer, those that were 57.50 and $10, a dozen different styles, well *
* trimmed and well made, all sizes — cut to close to $5.85 *
I Dinner Sets. $12.50 Sets \
uinnßi* sets* f 0 r57.25.
* Meakin's Semi-Porcelain Dinner Sets, light brown border, with *
* colored autumn leaf decoration, 105 pieces, for 12 people, worth ♦
» $12.50— this week only $7.25 J
I Thursday One-Day Sale 5
* Ribbons, We and 25C— Two line? of Fancy Ribbons, this season's high *
* -.■-■-■- excellent qualities --- desirable styles, width* ft si 3w to "^
? inches, regular prices from 25c to 50c — to-day only 18 C and 25c +
* Printed Cheviots, 7c— A goo'?, substactial fabrir, table for waists, *♦
ft skirts, outing suits or wrappers, will wear satisfactorily, regularly 12>^eyard — *
* to-day only - 7o
ft, Fancy Skirting, 48c *a piece— Cotton Taffetas, printed in pretty de- ♦
ft -_- - and co ing with .-.--■ border for bottom of skirt — a good, firm ♦
ft cloth, with moired ground, put up in 5-yard pieces (enough fora sk rtJ and sold *
ft regularly at $1 a piece — special to-day only 48c J
a, Photograph Frames— B;vel eige gla33, with gilt edges, wood back, <
i. ma -o -tani — ♦
ft Di-.b!e Cibinet size, regularly 75c each — special to-da- 54-C ♦
ft Paris Panel si'e, regularly cOc each — ?pecial to-day 25c *
* Paris Panel size, heavy glass, regularly $1 each special to-day- 72C 2
I These for Three Days. \
| Clearance Sale of Men's, Youths' and Boys' £
» Straw Hats for three days only (Thursday, Fri- *
* day and Saturday)— one-third off our regular J
X prices. *
* Hen's >traw Hats, in plain and fancy braids,' all this *
* summer's styles, strictly up to date — _ - ~* *
% Special r rices 17c 30c 50c .r^HHHaffev:' ♦
* Regolar price* $1.00 $1.25 51.50 >*
a> " " r 4
* Soecial prices 67c 84c $1.00 tS^^&L^ 2
'£ Youths' and Boy-' Straw Hat- in all the summer ' 99 1
'fr b ocks. plain white, with back or co orei band^ or *
Ift Straws in assorted co 0:3 and mix n ea with ribbon? isJ 's22£isiS2E :: *'vM I
:ft to mateh — yachts, -:--■-.: turban 3 . ""^ 4
* Regular prces ._■ 45c 75c ? % 1 $1.25 $1.50 $"! $2 50 $3 «
ft 3 v ■ ■ «
I J Special prices 17 C 30 C SQC 67 C 84c $1.00 $1.34 $1.67 $2 J
i % The Crane stock of Men's Furnishings, *
I * bought at 65c on the Dollar, must he entirely J
ij closed out by Saturday night. Never before such *
ift bargains in men's wearables. Prices like these *
are selling the goods quickly. J
ft Crane's 21 Wasb->b'e Four-in*Hands, good pattens — each lOC ♦
I ft Cran-'s 2>c Silk Neckwear, Tecks ana Fear-in-Hands — -ach IPc *
! * Crane's 20c Silk Sh:-!4 BOWS, for tnrr-iown its— 3 for 25c ?
i * Crane's IPe Co'dred B rderei Cimbric Handkerchiefs for men 5c 2
! ? Crtne's 15c Seamless B ! ack SpX— pair fOe +
\ ? Crane's &0c Un!aurd?-ed Shirts, linen bosoms, double back? 350 »t
; & Crane's 75c Stanl-y Shirts, boys' ~ : -e= fast color?- 380 «
fr Crane's 75 and See French P-rc* *> Shirts, for men. detachable caffs 3Qn ♦
* C-rn-e'- $1 L-iin-'erei WTite Shirts, linen besem- double back f»#C *
* Crine'a 50c Form-n:tinz Baib'i -? n Shirts and Drawers 35c *
* Cranes rQ- Vi-un^ Mirino Shirts and Drawers 38c *
* Crane's S/OHer -weight Ba!nrire 3a Shirts and Drawers 68c c
1 Crane's $1.25 Llama Wo>l Shirts and Drawers, light blue co : or . SJg «
_ ■ .. - —
* Another remarkable offering in pure foods *
2 an// Liquors for Thursday, Friday and Saturday %
* only. 'Special attention is called to the White *
* Wine Item. %
$ Grace-Nuts— The popular heiltb f00d,3 packages , 35c 4"
ft Nutmegs— Qua it 7 first-class, for 3 dars 1 2 far 5c *
ft Ooffzrin—^ easant. pa'atabla h-a;ta fee, regular 21 a pkg., for.. 18c *
* Imported -tar dint -'■-■-. one of our best V3:ue?, 5 tins ; 35c *
'* 1 able Salt tory" snow white par English Sat, 10-Ib. bags, regular *
J 20c. for 12c J
t Grown Flakes — A ew mush mare from com. regu'arly 10c package. fo-.Sa 4.
* White Wines Hack or Gutedel,; 5 years old, a splendid article that we s H
ft -_-_ - $4.50 per dozea qu"3rts, special for 3 days, per dozen - .$2.75 <•
» '~' "■ ' {Only One Case to a Customer.) «
* Pure Fruit Syrups— Pineapple, R^?pbecry. Stnwberry, Gum and Gre-:a- J
? dine. r-£-ui;i- » Hli -itt.e, soicial ;or X divs o Vottles fo-- $1.00 '
! Bourbon Whiskey- R^u arly 12.50 a rallon, special for 3 days $2 gallon «
I or Lottie ■ ■ SOC —
SYMPATHY WASTED ON HIX.
Richard Jessup Has Apparently De
termined on a Career of
Crime.
Richard Jessup. the boy who got himself
into trouble recently in being arrested
for having burglars' tools in his possession
and who was released on his own recogniz
ance by Judge Mogan or. the promise of
his sister and brother-in-law that he
would be sent to his father in Redding,
has shown that sympathy is wasted on
He did not go to Redding and was ar
rested yesterday by Detectives Dir.an and
Reynolds and Policeman Rainsbury on a
charge of burglary. He is accused of
breaking into the room of Chris Ander
son 121 Fourth street, a week ago and
Stealing a suit of clothes and a watch He
pawned . the clothes in a.: store on Third
street and the watch in a store on Edd-y
«treet. Both pawnbrokers identified him
in the prison. /- . ;
je«uD" s connection with the Jessup es
tateMn San Rafael and his family history
were fully detailed in The Call at the time
of his previous/arrest. Yesterday he said
that "the reason he did not go to Redding
was because his brother-in-law, Howard
=mith would r.ot give him enough money
to take him there. He got a job- in the
Tech.- . saloon on Mason street, but was
discharged in three days. Then he trot to
drinking and about a week ago. while in
the Thalia, he met a soldier, who pre
sented him with a suit of clothes, and In
the vest he found a watch. He pawned
the clothes and- the watch. That is his
side of the story.
Not a Public Park.
Several years ago E. F. Kysor of Los
Angeles platted a tract of land lying near
the city, and one part was reserved as
a park, the rest being cut into building
lots, and put upon the market by the Ve
rona Street Railway Company, to whom
Kysor had sold the .property. The park
was used as a pleasure resort, which was
platted as "Central Park" on the county
records. Later the railway people gave
the land not sold back to Kysor, who re
ceived a quitclaim deed to the same. He
proceeded to subdivide ; the park into
building lots, and the city of Los Angeles
began suit to quiet title to Central Park,
on the ground that it had been dedicated
to the city. In the lower court it was de
cided that the park had never been ac
cepted by the city, even if it" had been
dedicated, and the Supreme Court, to
which the case was taken on appeal, up
held this judgment.
KEPT DISEASED CATTLE.
Health Oficers Make a Raid on I. L.
Salomon's Stockyard.
Special Officer I. W. Butti -v --- who
is assisting the Health Department in its
raids on diseased cattle, went, with
Health Officer Law and Veterinary
Surgeon O'Rourke to I. L Salomons
stockyard at the corner of San Bruno
avenue and Silver street last night and
discovered' an old cow In the last stages
of tuberculosis.
Bur- "
-
Saloi I offender
; them for marl
■
ssued and ser to- S ■
U also be prosecuted on the t rg
limit.- of Butchertoirn. H
a, pitiable ■ .. ■
Prolonged His Leave of Absence.
Shell tins
steward in the army at Manila, died qt
the Russ House yesterday afternoon after
a brief illness. His body was removed to
the Morgue and an investigation will oe
held by the Coroner. Shelton came from
Manila on a two- months" leave of ab
sence, which will expire to-day. He earn-?
to this city en July I and stated that the
object of his visit was to marry a young
lady of San Jose. Some days ago* he visit
ed the home of his prospective bride, but
was informed that her invitation for him
to marry her was merely a joke and he
returned" to this city in despair.
Shelton had betn drinking much of late
and it is supposed that alcohol is respon
sible for hi* death. He complained of
being ill on Tuesday evening, but retired
and yesterday morning ordered breakfast
to be sent to his room. About 3 clock
in the afternoon he was found by a cham
bermaid In a dying condition and was
dead before a physician could arrive.
Amonir his effects are many bills and re
ceipts for liquor and he was reputed to be
a heavy drinker. "V
Shelton was 35 years of age and was
with the army for eight years. He was
detailed to the hospital service on lay 25.
1539 after bavins served for three years
in Company A. Twenty-third Infantry. On
the day following he secured leave of ab
sence for two months and saile^ 1 for the
United States. The only drug found in
the dead man's room was a quantity oi
sulfonal. which he secured to produce
slee>> after a debauch on Monday evening.
56
THURSDAY :. JULY 27, 1899
/OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE...... Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868. -
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $G.O<
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday Call), 0 month* 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 monthu 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Sc
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to' receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE $08 Broadwa>
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON • Herald Sqaal*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, tl Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. CorresDondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 l_ark;ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
;£4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2891 Market
ttreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Heartsease."
California— "lime, Sana Gene."
OrplN'um — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Wans."
Alcazar— "Faust."
Grand Opera House— "Faust."
Chut Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olyrupla, corner Mason and Kills streets— Specialties:
Interstate Fanorama Co. r Market street, near Eighth— Bat- j
tie of Manila Bay:
gutro Baths— Swimming Knees, ere.
AUCTION SALES.
By I\ J. Bafth— This day, at 2 and 7:30 o'clock, Japanese
Art Goods, at lfiMl I'oU<: street.
By Kaston. drldge & Co.— Tuesday, August 1, at 12
o^cloek. Real Estate, at 638 Market street.
rm
THE BfIBfIYLONES.
ANOTHER has been added to the tribes, sept-,
clans rai itionalities found refusing to
be yoked among the new subjects of our impe
t in the Philippines.'
General Smith informs tru United States that Cap-
Byrne with seventy men of the Sixteenth Infan
try went • ■ 45' > Babaylones, on the island of
fight was with bayonets and clubbed
tin Byrne did not have to wait for
the battle to clear away, but was able *o
results at once. He reported the loss of one
man killed and one wounded, while one hundred and
n dead Babaylones were actually counted, one
was taken prisoner and many were wounded. This
near Bobong.
This and other reports sent out from Manila and
various other headquarters in those part? seem like lit
eral copies i f the typewritten reports ofWeyler, known |
sometime as '"the butcher." His sanguinary reputa
tion and nottime de guerre were acquired in just such
tions at arms as the glorious victory at Bo
botig. Is there something in the climate that does it?
Americans with common sense know that in a
hand-to-hand fight between an armed party of sev
enty and one of four hundred and fifty, no such result
could follow as boasted oi in this typical war bulletin
sent by the censor at Manila. When Weyler was out
there he reported enough such victorious and glorious
engagements to have depopulated the Philippine
group; and yet when we got there >ye found the Span
ish bottled up in Manila and Iloilo, and the natives
in pi >n of the rest of the country ad
ivernment, protecting property, ready
for the alliance negotiated with them by Pratt, Wild
man and Dewey; and existing in sufficient numbers
t" put up a -tiff fight against us when we violated
what they believed to be the alliance between us.
The battle of Bobong ended with the capture of a
I rgi quantity of supplies. From this it appears
probable that a village was attacked and there must
have been nobody at home but very old women and j
very young children, of whom one hundred and fifteen
might have easily been killed, and probably one of |
our men died of the heat and the exultant exercise
of winning this victory.
Upon the face of it, as washed, wiped and exhibited
by the censor to his admiring countrymen, there is
nothing in it to arouse any enthusiasm at home. The
American taxpayers, who are putting up eight hun
dred thousand dollars a day for such victories, were
never wronged by the Babaylones of Bobong, never
received any injury at their hands, never heard of
them until this w.nr bulletin brought the news that
part of their money had beeli invested in butchering
one hundfed and fifteen Babayloncs; chasing the rest I
away and capturing their food stores and other prop
erty. If it give the taxpayers a feeling of value re- \
reived we have no objection, but as it was the^ only I
victory won on the 19th of July we protest that it cost
more than it was worth. The exact cash value of the
stores taken is not stated, so that we have no definite
offset against the bill of expense, but the slaughter
• Babaylones cost us just $6956 per head. We
, have no doubt that is about the cost of killing every
mo that has fallen since General Otis sat dowu
to his typewriter in the palace of Manila and took up
the wondrous tale of valor where Weyler quit.
Our military officers of high degree seem to have !
not only taken on imperial Spanish manners of the
date of Philip II and Charles V, but those other flam
boyant ways which led Cervantes to satirize such vic
tories as Bobong by the charge of Don Quixote on
the flock of sheep. . |
John J. Ingalls has announced a willingness to re- :
turn to Congress if the people desire it, and we shall j
now have a chance to see whether prosperity has so !
turned the heads of the Kansans as to lead them to
look in his direction.
If it be true, ns reported, that the latest Chicago:
city directory contains 163.000 more names than any
other book in the world, it may be put down as the
greatest volume of depravity on record.
The California boys are on the transport and the
transport is on the way; so now get ready for the
transport of the welcoming day. j
INDIAN SCHOOLS.
THE Indian School Teachers' Institute, in its
meeting in Los Angeles, resolved in favor of the
immediate establishment of ten Indian schools,
for 300 pupils each, "in well-populated and suitable
; districts, as remote from the tribe as possible."
While appreciating highly the spirit of self-sacrifice
1 which animates the men and women engaged in edu
cating Indian youth, we must insist that there is nioch
I room for criticism of the method employed. Actual
civilization must precede education. The Indian in his
! natural state lived by the chase. The dog and horse
I are the only animals he has domesticated. The horse
j served as a means of transportation, for the chasing
I of game, and in the pinch of famine both horse and
j dog were used for food. The natural progress from
I that primitive state toward civilization is through the
I ownership and care of other domestic animals to sup
| ply the demand for food, which continues after the
> disappearance of game. The civilized races took pre
: cisely the same steps. It is a far cry from the cave
j man to the millions who dwell in houses and have the
i arts, but the civilized races made that long march.
! From the chase they went on to the possession of
; flocks and herds and wandered with them as nomads',
seeking the natural pasture. When this failed to sup
i ply sufficient forage the next step was taken by the
- domestication of plants and their artificial produc
: tion. This was the beginning of agriculture, the
I mother of all the arts. When man had developed that
far he was in control of his food supply, and there
' fore of the means of civilization by the development
' of wants in excess of the primitive need of food and
1 shelter. When all his time was occupied in supply
! ing these he had none left for development. Applying
this natural process to the Indian, one is impressed by
the sickening mistake made by our Government in
1 dealing with him, if, indeed, it desire to civilize him
1 and preserve his race. He is put on a reservation,
where he has no cattle nor sheep to take the place
of the game on which he has lived, but he is left his
pony and dog, the connection between him and the
chase and therefore the link between him and sav
agery. Then his children are taken away and sent, 1
'"rtmote from the tribe." to school in a strange cli
mate and in the midst of surroundings not natural to
them, and are taught algebra and the catechism to
. equip them for self-support! When they are educated
they go back to the reservation, to its degraded con
tacts with degraded white men, to its white vices and |
their awful results. Having had a glimpse of a better j
' state without the least equipment for sustaining them
selves therein, their smattered education is a millstone
around their necks to drag them deeper than they
'; would have sunk if left to their gee-string and blan
ket. If the greed of the white man could be re- v
strained from invasion of Indian rights, wisdom
would dictate the training of the red men in taking
j care of cattle and sheep; in the agriculture necessary
: to produce food for flocks and herds; in the preserva
tion of the products of their animals, the meat, hides,
pelts and wool and their preparation for use as food.
clothing and shelter. It is known that wherever .in
Indian has become the owner of cattle and has been
protected in his right to them he has prospered. If
this course were pursued every reservation would
supply its own beef and mutton and the hides and
wool would in exchange bring back shoes and blan
kets and clothing. All these are supplied now by the
Government, while the Indian is idle on his reserva- j
tion. sweltering in the vices acquired from white men.
While he was in his savage independence, the prim
itive wants, food and shelter, developed in him the en
terprise and craft needed to supply them from the
stores of nature around him. He is jumped out of
that independence on to a reservation, is fed and
clothed, after a fashion, by -the Government and is
not permitted to take for himself the first step toward
civilization by learning to substitute the lost game
with the domestic animal-; which take its place.
It is idle to try to make a blacksmith or carpenter
out of him. a painter, sailor or soldier. He must have
the natural entry into the arts through agriculture,
and must know that it takes the place of the chase by
which he once lived.
When he has made that much progress give him
schools for his children in the midst of the tribe, and
let the curriculum be such that the savage father sees
his son better equipped by it for getting food and
shelter. Then the influence of education will be upon |
young and old.
There is a little splutter among experts in the East
to determine exactly what relation the automobile I
man bears to the machine. He is not a driver, for he
does not drive it,*nor is he a conductor, nor an engi
neer, nor yet a brakoman. It is admitted he does
something more than ride the vehicle, but we haven't
any word in the language to express it.
MUNICIPAL ECONOMY.
SO general has been the approval given to the
plan proposed by the Merchants' Association
for the purchase of supplies by the Fire Depart
ment, there can hardly fail to be a feeling of surprise
that it, or some similar plan, was not adopted long
ago. It is strange we should have gone through
years of experience with the existing system before
discovering that a. better one could be easily devised.
The plan suggested is a simple one. Under its terms
the Fire Department will prepare each month a list
nf everything it will need during the ensuing month
and will submit statements to. the reputable merchants
of the city with requests to send in bids on the entire
list. In this way the department will pet the advan
tage of getting goods at competitive prices in the
open market at figures based on current market rates.
It will compel the department to keep the department
within its monthly allowance and by doing so assure
merchants in legitimate business that their claims will
be audited and that they will not be subjected to loss
by arbitrary rejection of bills which have been con
tracted against depleted funds.
The Fire Committee of the Board of Supervisors
has agreed with the public in approving the plan and
has decided to report it favorably to the board at the
next meeting. The prospects are it will "be adopted
by the board and put into effect, for the Republican
majority of the Supervisors have shown themselves
determined to keep their pledges to the people and to
carry out reforms in the direction of economy in all
departments of the city government.
The Merchants' Association having been thus suc
cessful in devising one means of saving public money
may possibly be equally successful in drawing up a
plan by which the dollar limit can be maintained
without crippling or rendering inefficient any depart
ment of the municipal administration. The task is not
so easy as that which has been accomplished, and it
is a foregone conclusion that even if attained the re
sult will not have the almost unanimous approval
given to the plan for purchasing supplies.
Many improvement clubs and a considerable num
ber of citizens who sympathize with them desire to
have the dollar limit pledge set aside in order that
the '.ax levy may provide money enough not only for
maintaining the efficiency of the departments, but for
undertaking public improvements. The majority of
THE SAN FT^A^CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1899.
the taxpayers, however, will support any well-consid
ered plan for providing an efficient administration of
municipal affairs within the dollar limit of taxation.
It is to be hoped the association which was so potent
a factor in demanding the pledge will be successful
in devising a means by which it can be kept without
injury to any branch of the government, or entailing
a parsimony which is the opposite of economy.
MORE EXAMINER MENDACITY.
IN its issue of yesterday the Examiner charges The
Call with having assumed the attitude of cham
pion of Christopher A. Buckley and with aiding
William F. Herrin, the representative of the Hunting
ton monopoly, in the work of meeting its vitriolic
fulminations against {hat resuscitated boss. It also
repeats its accusation of subserviency by The Call
to Kelly and Crimmins.
All these assertions the Examiner absolutely knows
to be false. Its campaign, under boss influences, in
favor of Mayor Phelan and Assessor Dodge, is per
haps the lowest and most contemptible in our munici
pal history. Condoning or extenuating the crimes
against public decency for which Boss Rainey is re
sponsible, it initiated its present struggle for the mu
nicipal spoils by a series of falsehoods, which it has
now reiterated, and by republishing its own particu
lar version of Boss Buckley's record. That represen
tative of unclean politics retorted in kind, but more
acutely and with direct and conclusive evidence that
the Examiner was as deep in the mud as he had been
in the mire. The opportunity furnished by this sud
den quarrel between ancient allies was too good to be
lost. Without taking sides, in the interest of good
citizenship as well as of its own party, The Call pub
lished Christopher A. Buckley's version of the former
relations between the Examiner and himself, and at
the same time offered to print any rejoinder that
might be furnished. It thus rendered a valuable pub
lic service, and it is to be observed that, while Boss
Buckley and the Examiner confront each other with
lowering brows and with eyes glittering with rage,
no answer to Boss Buckley's specific explanation of
former intimacy in the realm of municipal corruption
has even been attempted.
The revelations on both sides are disgusting and
vividly delineate before the people the true causes and
the veracious history of the combinations that de
graded San Francisco, until during this present year
the Republican party, aided by The Call, determined
to introduce sweeping and lasting reforms into polit
ical management. The Examiner is probably the
most arrant hypocrite in the United States. Its
venomous falsehoods render it personally innocuous.
But that, with a record dripping with filth, in which
both the past and the present are involved, it should
impudently assume the attitude of a public censor, is
a phenomenon that defies imitation.
The organ of the fusion Democracy with Sam
Rainey behind it pretends to advocate decency within
the ranks of its own party, and claims that, through
the manipulation of William F. Herrin, indorsed by
The Call, the Republican organization is under the
control of Kelly and Crimmins. These are deliberate
and palpable falsehoods that will be detected and
appreciated by every respectable voter in San Fran
cisco. Within the Republican party, to all appear
ances, the boss system has been utterly and finally
overthrown. Daniel M. Burns was defeated for the
Federal Senate and in every effort to domiifate the
State and the municipality William F. Herrin, and
all the influences he represents, have not only been
confronted but ignominiously beaten. They have
utterly failed in the attempt to control the preliminary
Republican organization for the approaching munici
pal campaign, and have thus been thwarted, down to
the present date, in the conspiracy to deliver Califor
nia to the fusion Democracy next year to which the
Examiner has lent all the assistance in its power.
There is nothing bad in party management for
which the Examiner and its shadowed Philistines do
not stand. But the Republicans of the State have
controlled the unclean elements within their own
ranks, have achieved brilliant victories over monopo
listic usurpation, degrading bossism and all classes' of
corruption! sts, and have supplied guarantees for mu
nicipal officers who will gain success upon their
merits and not through illegitimate combinations.
The Examiner has inaugurated a low and a scur
rilous canvass, but, when the election takes place, it
will probably discover its inability to swing the ax or
to project the spear. This will be a Republican year.
PREPARING FOR THE WELCOME.
IIZ^ROM the steps that have been taken toward pre
paring a reception for the California Volunteers
oh their return from the Philippines, it is prob
able the result will be in every way satisfying to the
wishes of the people. The work of arranging for the
occasion is to be widely distributed and a host of
willing hands will take part in it.
For the purpose of getting assistance from all who
are warmly interested in the reception, the executive
committee has decided to .call a meeting of the com
mittee of the Native Sons and Native Daughters, the
relatives of the volunteers and the military officials of
the State, including Adjutant General Seamans, Gen
eral Dickinson, General Warfield and General Muller.
At this meeting, which* is to be held on Friday, it is
designed to determine upon the plans for the recep
tion and to assign to various committees the work
expected of them.
The transport bearing the Californians is now on
its way home. It is estimated thirty days will be re
quired for the voyage. We have, therefore, just about
a month in which to prepare for the welcome. That
time is ample for the purpose, but there should be no
unnecessary postponement in beginning the actual
work, for a month passes quickly and everything
should be ready before the transport is sighted, so
that there -a- i l l be no rush or confusion at the last
moment.
It is scarcely necessary to say the general public
will cordially respond to whatever appeal may hi
made by the committee in charge of the reception.
All hearts are in sympathy with the movement to
make the welcome a great popular demonstration,
and the more extensive the ovation is made the better
will the people be pleased.
Because two-thirds of the applicants in that city for
enlistment have been rejected, the St. Louis papers
claim the standard of the army in the Philippines will
be the highest ever known. The argument is clearly
unsound. Every St. Louis applicant might be rejected
and still the standard remain lower than that required
of California volunteers.
If Aguinaldo has any desire to catch a Tartar, now's
his chance. There are a pair of them headed his way:
General Joe Wheeler and the army transport bearing
him to Manila. '
When Buckley gets through with his reminiscences,
the Examiner will have a face on it like that of a
plugugly caressed by a kissing bug.
Alger has the satisfaction of knowing the thud that
followed his fall was by no means dull.
IS WHEELING ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
rhis California Boy Is Following the Route of the Davis Auto
mobile and Will Try to Break the Record.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Messenger No. f.74 of the Postal Telegraph Company,
who has only one arm. and who attracts attention everywhere in Harlem by the
ease with which he rides a bicycle without handlebars, has started to ride from
New York to San Francisco in record-breaking time. He hopes to maintain
runs of from sixty to seventy-five miles a day for the entire distance. He will
foilow the route taken by Mr. and Mrs. Davis in their great transcontinental au
tomobile for The Call and New York Herald.
No. r>74 in private life is Albert V. Roe. Tie is nineteen years old and usually
lives at Mills Hotel No. 1, in Bleecker street. His left arm was cut off at the
shoulder whUe switching cars at Los Angeles, Cal., two years ago. A brother
and three sisters, his nearest living relatives, live in Grinnell, lowa, and he-means
to call on them in passing.
Roe rides a wheel geared to ninety-one, and steers it by a crotch four inches
long, on the head of the machine. A skeleton rack built over the rear wheel will
carry his baggage. He has ridden a hundred miles every Sunday for ten weeks
to put him In condition for the journey.
THE POSSIBILITIES
OF VAUDEVILLE
TIIK stage that is yet to come con
tains our chief interest. This ha 3
been said before, but will bear
repeating, for it serves to intro
duce the subject of vaudeville
and its patrons, The vaudeville horizon
is so rapidly widening that the possibili
ties <>f its future Bweep are limitless.
Tony Pastor was perhaps the first to offer
the public what is now common enough
in our midst, the first class attraction.
"Stars" of undisputed cleverness, of ac
knowledged and annlauded dramatic abil
ity, forsook the legitimate and other
fields at his beckoning and trod his stago
to the horror of critics and the despair of
their admirers. But one can't live on ad
miration, and many of the "stars" who
wen crowded out of the dramatic heav
ena by the elbows of more pushing but
less gifted twinklers answered the beck
for need. The success of the venture
was instantaneous, and managers with
an eye to the future heeled him closely,
thus raising salaries and bidding effe< tu
ally for the bust. Patrons of the high
class drama shivered and drew back their
skirts from the doors that led to beer and
pipes and vulgarity and the ultimate de
terioration of the stage. Drew back their
skirts is the needed phrase, for the
trouser legs of man and boy walked in
and on till the seats were filled, and if
there were some dull spots in the evening
they Were well chalked out by "artists"
who "sketched" with po^er. The trouser
legs found it good, and the skirts that
ventured were not much soiled after all.
But they were soiled a little, and -he
better class kept away and the evolution
of the vaudeville went on. A few yeara
ago one could not go to the Orpheum
Without in the course of the evening feel
ing a blush of shame mount to her cheek,
but now if things are ever a little "off
color" the tint is such that the young and
pure in heart know naught of its mixings
and hence are not stained.
Attractions are now so worthy, so en
tirely good and clean, that the most con
servative are yielding to their influence
and bestowing their patronage.
This is a century of specialists from
the highest profession to the lowest, and
through all the world of artisan skill as
well. Jf you are particularly adapted to
some special stage work, if cultivating
that specialty to the utmost yields a
large weekly salary in return for a twen
ty-minute performance, will you choose
Instead the drudgery of Btock work, with
seldom a part to your taste? Indeed you
will not. The soul of a true artist would
cry out against forsaking a line company
with a powerful managerial hand work
ing its issues, and we who love what is
tn st and worthiest in the world dramatic
would take up the cry and echo it to a
finish. Kut many a knocked-together
stock ship, launched upon this town with
a mighty flourish, hail better be t>n >k.-n
on the rocks of opinion into vaudeville
sections, small and great, and, with our
blessing, may the small slip through the
cracks in the utage and strike oblivion
with a killing whack! Yes, the stage of
the future contains our chief interest,
and in the realm of vaudeville as well
as any other realm we shall make of it
what we will. Applaud the best, encour
age the artistic, refuse the coarse aixl
vulgar, but remember the while that the
vaudeville stage is a big world to be tak
en hold of with many hands, and the fact
that we cannot appreciate it all is an
evidence of natural limitation. However,
we can all recognize the fit and decent.
and let us give the sanction of our ap
proval to nothing else.
The star among the new people at the
Orpheum this week is unquestionably
Miss Elizabeth Murray. In a very sweet
mezzo soprano voice with a sympathetic
contralto quality, she sings negro melo
dies and copies the coon walk so per
fectly that one imagines she went to the
source for instruction and is not surprised
to learn that she was bred in the sunny
South. Her Irish dialect is musical and
not overdrawn and her stories good and
simply told. Her stage presence is
charmingly refined. T.a Fafalla. the lotus
flower, was conceived in the bud ' with
clumsy intentions but born amidst such
spectacular surroundings that grace al
most—but not quite— became her god
mother. The spectacle is what we are
charmed with and what we applaud.
Laura Joyce Hell is well, a little coarse.
"Why must we be forced to look at a
woman with a cig;ir In her mouth? Hor
rible! Her sketch, is well constructed on
old lines and the curtain fail is a clever
stroke of playwright skill. When Phil
slaps Polly on the back once it is funny,
but when he does it thrice it is about as
humorous as the same joke printed three
times in a column.
The I'hoites I cannot criticize for I
don't understand them. T am in the con
dition of the art critic who "was looking
and perhaps to-morrow h»> would see."
Next week I shall try again. The noise
is jolly. The Kldridges are good, hut we
are a little tired of them. The old peo
ple have new specialties and continue to
please because they v are clever.
i.HARLOTTE THOMPSON.
MIDWEEK DRAMATIC NOTES.
"Heartease," as presented by Henry
Miller and the special company at the
Columbia Theater has proved a success
and the theater has proved too small to
hold ihe immense crowds seeking- admis
sion. The demand for the play is so
great that it has been arranged to con
tinue it next Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday evenings, and in addition
there will be . a special matinee on
Wednesday. The rounds of applause
which greet every act of the play at
every performance are sufficient evidence
of the brilliancy and artistic worth of
Mr. Miller's production. It is interesting
fo note that Monday night's performance
of "Heartease" will be the fiftieth per
formance of the Miller season at the Co
lumbia Theater, and the management Has
arranged to commemorate the event by
making it a souvenir night.
The first production in America of the
great London Garrick Theater success,
"Brother Officers," will be staged by
Henry Miller at the Columbia Theater on
the evening of August 7.
The Tivoli's grand opera season wiil
open next Monday evening with a fine
production of Verdi' 3 masterpiece,
"Aida," with an exceptionally strong cast.
Among the newcomers from Europe are:
Fraulein Ella I'rosnitz, a dramatic so
prano from La Scala, Milan; Baron Ber
thald, a phenomenal tenor from the Im
perial Theater. Berlin: Signor Vincenzo
ri, an Italian tenor from Genoa, and
William Mertens, an American barytone.
Among those who have been heard here
before are: Mis? Mary Linck, Miss Anna
Ldchter, Signor Wanrell. Herr Schusti r.
Inez Dean, Signors Avedano and Salassa.
The management of the Tivoli claims that
never before in any city in the world has
so fine a list of lyric artists been an
nounced to appear in opera at popular
prices, and with a powerful orchestra and
increased chorus the forthcoming .
has every promise of being a brilliant
one.
Business has been excellent this week at
the Alcazar. "Faust" is holding the
boards and is artistically presented. This
is Lewis Morrison's farewell week at the
Alcazar. Florence Roberts will remain
some five weeks longer and be seen in
sev< ral of those old reliable emotionai
dramas. "Romeo and Juliet" will be the
bill all of next week, to be followed by
"The Lady of Lyons.'"
"Faust" is playing to good business- at
the Grand Opera-house. Next week the
tuneful •'Boccaccio" Will be revived.
The Frawley Company is being well re
celvt <1 ii. "Madame Sans Gene," and is
playing to crowded houses. Seats are now
selling for "One of Our Girls," to follow
"Sans Gene" on Monday.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COMPANY 32 — M. R., City. This de- j
partment has not been able to discover
anything about "Company 32."
A MILE SQUARE— M. G., city. One
square milo contains 640 acres and a tract
one milo square contain? the same amount
of land, consequently there is no differ
ence between one mile square and one
square mile.
RUNNING — A. S., City. There is no j
record of any man having run a mile un- i
der four minutes. The records are: Eng- i
land, 4:TJ ;i 4 . \V. G. George, London, Au
gust 23 1886; America, 4:15 :i-.">. Thomas P.
Conneff, Travera island, August 20, 1893.
THE FIRST CALIFORNIA— Q. C, City.
The Sherman, having: on board the First
California Regiment of Volunteers, should
reach San Francisco in about thirty-two
days from the time of departure from Ne
gros Island. ._
DRYDOCK— J. H. GL, City. The Govern
ment drydock is to be located at Mare
island. To obtain a copy of the law an- j
thorizing the construction pi that dock |
address a communication to the Repre
sentative in Congress from the district in
which you reside.
OLIVE OlL— Subscriber, City. Experi
ence during a number of years shows that
California produces as fine and as pure
olive oil as has ever been produced any
where, and that the pure California oil
will keep good much longer than imported
oils because of the care taken in Its prep
aration. In Italy it is claimed that the
finest and the purest oil is produced in
Lucca and in France in Nice.
FOR THE WAR— J. F., City. The Gov
ernment is mustering out of the service
the volunteers as rapidly as the work
ran be done. Those who enlisted from
this Slate have in part been mustered out
and possibly within six weeks from the j
time of sailing from Negros Island the
California Regiment will be mustered out
in this city. Those who enlisted in the
regular service enlisted for three years.
The fact that such as enlisted during the
war with Spain in the regular service
were not discharged upon the termination
Of the war with that country is proof that
they are to be held to tl'eir three years'
enlistment.
SPECIAL DELIVERY— OId Subscriber,
Cktllahan, Siskiyou County, Cal. If ■ a
party addressee a letter to "James Madi
son, Chicago, 111.," and places a special
delivery stamp thereon the postal author
ities in Chicago would be unable to de- 1
liver the same unless it should happen
that there was but one James Madison in
that city, and his name was either in the
city or postal directory. If there should
happen to be a dozen James Madlsofia in
that place, the postal authority s would
not he able to determine which one to de
liver, it to, and it is not to be expected
that the carrier, who is allowed but ;i few
cents for the special delivery, would so
out huntluK every James Madison to as
certain if the letter was for him. The
postoffice departments make diligent
search for any one if a clew is given to
his business or place of residence.
BILLIARD PLAYING— S. F. 8.. City.
The following Is the record for billiard
playing: Best run at three-hall carom rail
game, Harvey McKcnna, Boston. Mass.,
December 21. 18X7: average. 416 2-3. Best
at four-ball carom game, 14S:?, J. Me-
Devitt, New York, January 8, 1868. Best
at champion's game, three-ball carom?.
14x28 lines, 39Sf George Slosson, match of
MOO points (600 per night), Paris, France,
January 30 to February 3, ISS2; best in
\merica 351, J. R- Heiser, fiOO
point match. New York City. Feb
ruary 14 IW4. Best at English
snot' stroke barred game. 1302 points.
John Roberts, in match Manchester, Eng
land May 3 and 4. 1S04; push and spot
barred 4SO. John Roberts. London, Eng
land" June, 1896. English spot stroke
game. 3304 W. J. Peall. 16.000 up uondnn,
November 3-8. IS9O. Fourteen-inch balk
fine game, with anchor nurse. o«6. J.
S?haofer New York. December 16, ISW;
anchor nurse barred. 359, Prank Ives, « hi
c\so Til December 8, 1894; eiglrteen-inch
bafk'line anchor barred, except for five
*hots 50 in fiOO points up. F. Ives. New
York \pril 2 1896. Cushion caroms, 300
points up 85. F. Ives. Boston, Mass.. April
14 TW Eighteen-inc-h balk line one shot
each in balk and in anchor, 140 in aOO up.
with average of 31 4-16, P. C. Ives, New
York City, December 2, 189*.
WEYLER-W. C, Manka, Solano Coun
ty. Cal. General Weyler, the Spanish
General, according to the various ac
counts that have been published about
him. must be like Topsy— "never was
born, jes growed: dats a.H"-f"r none -of
them tell the place of his nativity and
in several accounts he is declared to be
the descendant of Parents of Spanish,
French and Irish birth; that is. three dif
ferent accounts differ as to the national
ity of his parents. Another account
states that he was horn on an island off
Spain, but dors not give its name. Dut
all agree that he was born in lWb.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. Burke, a Hanford capitalist, is at the
Lick.
1 1. Tlaslacher. n largo grain buyer of
Oakdale, is a guest at the Palace.
W. W. Wright of Sacramento is one of
the late arrivals at the Occidental.
\V. R. Crlthers, a prominent busings
man of Santa Rosa, Is registered at the
Lick.
H. J. Crocker will make Burlingame his
summer residence. He has leased a cot
tape there.
j B Peakes, proprietor of the Sea
Beach Hotel at Santa Cruz, is registered
at the Palace.
Mr and Mr?. C. Friedericks, two trav
elers from the City of Mexico, are stay
ins at the Palace.
Robert Effey. ex-Mayor of Santa Cruz,
is staying at the Grand on a short pleas
ur<- trip to the city.
Marion Bigga Jr., a large rancher of
Oroville, is among those gttestfl who ar
rived at the Grand yesterday morning.
II- \ Jastro, chairman of the Board
of Supervisor* of Bakorsfield, is among
the guests who arrived at the Grand yes
terday. •
Mr. and Mrs. Clans Spreckel? have come
up from their country home at Aptos on
a brief visit. They are staying at the
Palace Hotel.
Colonel Charles C. Hood, commanding
the Sixteenth United States Infantry, is
a guest at the Occidental, where he arr
rived "yesterday.
Robert Stirrat. formerly a local pho
tographer and how a Klondike capitalist,
has returned from. his home in the north
and is in the city.
| t - — &+ Captain Charles
' «• €► Miner Goodall
HOW thß and Blanche
Bates were great
Captain Remembered friends many
years ago, but
- Blanche Bates. neither one would
"> know the other if
•♦** " "^^ they were to meet
on the streets to-day. Captain Goodall
very rarely goes to a theater, and, of
course, has mis>. »1 s> i ing the talented
actress since she became famous, while
i little of Mi?s Bates' traveling has been
j done on the Pacific.
Strange to say, that fact of Captain
i Goodall" and Miss Bates having known
I each other in years gone by came up over
, a question of dates. "I have a very poor
memory for the day and hour on which
certain things happened," said the cap
-1 tain to some friends a few days ago; "but
! facts I never forget. That advertise
ment" (pointing to the announcement that
Blanche Bates would appear at the Cali
fornia Theater) "brings some things that
happened nearly thirty yean ago to my
mind. Jt was somewhere around 1573, and
I was making my first voyage to sea as a
bey on the old Czaroviteh. Those were
the days when there were no steamers
?nd we had quite a number of passengers
for Australia aboard. Among them were
Emerson's Minstrels, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. M. Bates were members of the com
pany. Blanche was then, I should think,
about 4 years old, and many a romp she
and I had around the deck of that old
bark."
W. Robertson and W. W. Btonsiand, two
hotel men of Fresno, are at the Lick
on a short pleasure jaunt to tho city.
G. H. Topley, a large merchant and pro
gressive business man of Vallejo, is one
of the arrivals of yesterday at the Grand.
J. T. Taylor, one of the most promi
nent citizens of Bakersfleld, is among
those who arrived in the city yesterday
and went to the Occidental.
John B. Farish. a wealthy mining man
of Denver, is a guest at the Palace, where
he will remain during the time his busi
ness will keep him in the city.
General P. Canedo, Governor of Sina
loa, Mexico, is a guest at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday from the
south. F. G. Valenzuela accompanies the
general.
F. C. Brewer, a banker of Boston, is at
the Palace with his wife, family and a
party of relatives and friends. Mr.
Brewer is visiting California for the pur
pose of seeing his son. who is attending.-
St. Matthew's School at San Mateo. The
founder of the school. Rev. Alfred L.
Brewer, was an uncle of the Boston capi
talist.
C Q, .Lisher, a prominent club and so- '
ciety man of Boston, is at the Palace with
his wife. Mrs. Lisher, who was formerly
Miss Menzies. a daughter of Commander
Menzies of the navy, accompanied her
husband when /he rode horseback fmm
Ashland, N. C, to tho City of Mexico.
The trip, which was taken in the way
of a honeymoon, created quite a deal of
comment at the time.
Rufus H. Herron. the Los Angelrs nil
magnate, is a guest at the Palace. Yes
terday morning he received a telegram
from Mining Expert Wilson reporting fa
vorably on a deposit of copper ore be
longing to Mr. llerron in Shasta County.
This means that many thousands of dol
lars have been added to the already large
fortune of Mr. Herron. and. as the de
posit in question is located in the vicinity l
of the famous Iron Mountain copper
mines, the good fortune may run up into
the millions as likely as not.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 2fi.— Edward W. Pen
field and Hugo P. Freear of San Fran
cisco are at the Holland. J. S. Guttmann
of Sacramento is at the Imperial. Her
bert Pease of Lob Angeles and Mr. and
Mrs. L. Tozer of Sacramento are at the
Rivers.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 2»l.— F. 11. Me-
Kenney of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton; William A. Thompson and wife of
San Francisco are at the St. James. Mr.
and Mrs. Thompson sail for Europe on
Tuesday next
Cal.glace fruit 50e ncr Ibat Townsend'a.'
Special information supplied dally to
business houses* and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104Z •
Took in the Custom House. . •
Cadet Taylor, Surveyor of Customs at
Omaha, paid a friendly visit to the Cus
tom-house yesterday. Mr. Taylor is here
to welcome his two sons who" are on the
way to this port from Manila.
Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitter*
Don't accept an ImitationREMAINS OF
LLOYD THIS
LAID TO REST
Simple Services atthe
Residence.
NUMEROUS FLORALOFFERINGS j
MANY FSIZ2n)S ASSIST AT THE j
LAST SAD RITES.
Rev. Dr. Foxxte Reads the Episcopal
Prayers for the Dead — Body Placed
in the Family Vault at
Laurel Hill.
•
Brie* and simple, yet impressive, were
the funeral services held over all that
■was mortal of Lloyd Tevia yesterday aft
ernoon at his late residence, 1215 Taylor
street. Only the immediate friends of the
family were admitted to the house, and
many people prominent In civic and mili
tary affairs were in attendance to assist
at the last sad rites over the dead million- j
a:re. In accordance with his oft ex- j
pressed wish In life there was no ostenta- j
tlont and pallbearers were dispensed with.
The body lay In a handsome black cas- j
kit In the main parlor, and seated around j
It were the three sons, 'William, Hujrh ,
and Harry: the daughter. Mrs. Gordon j
B landing; the nephews, Sam and Carter, ■
and Mrs. Will Tevis. Numerous floral ;
offerings of the choicest description which
had been dent by those who in life had
known him best were strewn about the |
room in picturesque confusion.
Promptly at the appointed hour Rev.
Dr. Foute -began the regular prayers of
the Episcopal church for the dead, ihere j
was no eulogy or singing-, but as the sol- ;
em words tell from the lips of the mm
ister genuine sorrow was plainly visible
on the faces of the assembled mourners ;
as the awful mysteries of death were ;
dwelt upon. ' , , !
When Dr. Foute had concluded the final
prayer 'he friends slowly riled ou; ot the
parlors and the relatives were left alone ;
With their dead. In a short while the
casket was reverently borne out to -the
waiting hearse, followed by the cine*,
mourners. The funeral cortege then be- ■
g-an its sorrowful march, and on arriving
at Laurel Hill Cemetery the remains were
placed in the private vault belonging to !
the deceased.
Among those who paid the last homag-e
to* the dead man were: General W. R. j
Shafter John H. Wi?e. Crittenden Thorn- i
ton Samuel Tobey. E. S. Fillsbury. Fred !
Zeile John Boyd. James Denman. HaroM ,
Wheeler W. McAfee. Captain Taylor, |
Clinton Wortien, Dr. J. A. W. Lur.dborg. .
Carroll McAfee.'Mrs. and Miss McMullin. !
Mrs. Richard Bayne, H. W. Redington, ;
Mr« Lucy Redington, Mrs. Frank Me- ;
Corpin. Mrs. Milton S. Latham, Mr. and :
Mrs* J. D. Grant. Mrs. Albert B. Russell :
W. K. McKittrick. Mr. and Mrs. Walter
McGavin; W. S. Jones. Mrs. Ella Goad I
Hooper, Mrs. Eva Coleman, R. Great- !
house. Mr. and Mrs. Austin Chapin. Mr. i
Tubes. A. B. Costig-an. R. Duperu, Carey !
Friedlander, Miss Slav Friediander, Miss j
Flood; Mr. and Mrs. Charles Pasre. J. L. i
Rathbone. Captain P_ H. Noble, M'ss
Bowie, Miss Selby, Timothy Hopkins. H. '■
M Holbrook; Sidney Van Wvck. Mrs. T. i
H. Seiby. Mr. and Mrs. Faxon Atherton. :
Horace 'G. Platt. Mrs. and Miss Wheeler. :
Mrs. ar.d Miss Gwin. L. M. RingwalC C. i
M. Bruce, Miss Henshelwood and Bishop j
Nichols. -
—
WACHENDORF GIVES THE
LIE TO A WITNESS
GEORGE HSHES GIVES SOME 131- j
POBTANT EVIDENCE.
TestiS€3 aa to the Defer.dan.fs Cray- j
ing to Get Possession of
John Kehlenbeck's
Money.
♦
Th^r* sensational seen'? ...... I
day afternoon in Judge Tread'wreirs cour* i
at the preliminary examination of Dr.
C. C. J. Wacfceiidorf on the charg-e ci
iriurderin^ John K^hlenbeck. One of the j
•witnesses, George Fisher, was testif vans' !
■when Wachehdorf startled every one in i
the co'^rt by rising- to his feet and shout- I
Ing 1 . "You lie." He was severely repri- j
manded by the Judge; and he did not re- j
cover his composure for some time.
Dr. August Fehlen was recalled, and in j
answer to questions grave a long disserta- ■
tion about the effect on the system of j
various medicines and poisons. Incident- •
ally he said that there was 20 per cent of j
HOW I SPENT FIVE YEARS IN A I
SIBERIAN PRISON, %^^^ \
I NOVEL TRIP OF EASTERN VISITORS. I
© ©
0 -•- schoolteachers see the Mexican games a: iia Juana. 9
| |
!i GENERAL WOOD'S NEW WARFARE. |
A He beg a new war of extermination in Cuba. ©
« ©
• , ©
• I == \i s
• — — s
© i ©
I The Latest If] The Mysterious %
% London Gossip Mirror Dance. %
© By \\ * The very latest the- ®
© GENEVIEVE GREEN ft CXI SglMSpg •
» bee : ' ?~'. a
a here in San Fran- 0
' /"> - g * CiSCO> *
• A San Francisco SUfldciy'S n ~ %
i cirj / "Cleopatra s %
I Who Was a Trne £> it - - Bar?e *" |-
« „ I Ofc 1 I The famous $25 OCO ©
| Heroine. V/€lII« P «inting.\ 2
c ©
I 'I |
I THE LATEST IN MEDICAL SCIENCE. §
$ Remarkable results from the use of liquid air in the cure of disease. 2
O O
© ©
9 : C
6 2
| PAGE OF DRAMATIC FEATURES-SHORT STORIES— MANY NOVEL §
9 ATTRACTIONS, ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED. IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL •
9J ©
I DAY BY DAY WITH GENERAL I
Elegant Half- Tones showing him at
Home, at work — every-day life scenes. Olirll 1 L 1\»
DYNAMITE GIVES A SCARE
TO THE HARBOR COMMISSION
"An Infernal Machine" Sent to Paris Kilburn Turns Out to Be a
Japanese Pillow.
; . . 3 H*i! ?.K was a dynamite scare in
Ithe ofSce of the Harbor Com
missioners yesterday. For a
short time Paris Kiibum. pres
ident of the board, was certain
that a diabolical attempt had been
made upon his life. Hi 3 fears were
shared by Chief Engineer Howard C.
Holmes. Secretary William D. Eng
lish. ex-Secretary J. J. Keegan. As
sistant Secretary James Byrne and
Toll Clerk Arthur Bolnng. Individual
ly these g-entlemen deny- In the most
positive terms that they were in the
least bit scared, but. intimate that the
other fellow was nearly frightened out
of his wit 3.
The cause of the scare was a small
square parcel addressed "Hon. Paris
Kilburn. State Harbor Commissioner,
City." It was duly taken to the presi
dent's room. Messrs. Holmes and Bol
fir.g being present when it arrived.
Commissioner Kiibum' s curiosity -was
aroused, and after handling the parcel
for a moment or two he put it to his
ear and shook it. Something rattled
inside, and with the remark, "I don't
like the sound of that," he put the
thing down at arm's length.
•'What is it?" asked Holmes.
morphine In opium, and the Judsre re- ■
marked that although he was not a phy
sician .he knew that the doctor was wrong,
as there was 20 per cent of opium in mor- j
phine. . , i
W H. Wahmuth. a deputy constant
from Aiametia. testified that on or about
Jun*» 3 last h-. was detailed to investigate
a comp£r-t against the defendant that |
he was going from house to house beg
em? He saw the defendant, wno said ne j
was not begging, but was calling upon
professional friends to obtain assistance.
He was taken to the police station, and
as he professed to be sick was advised to
go to the County Hospital.
John W. Kettle, a member of the Salva
tion Army in Alameda. testified that ne ,
was called up about June 3 to see the de
fendart who was sick In bed. Witness
*~oke to Dr. Bronson about him. and as i
defendant said he was without ra^ans j
witness several times took meals to mm. ;
Georze Fisher, night clerk of the Waido |
House~was the next witness and gave i
important testimony. He said that _ the j
defendant came to .iim and complained
that he was tired of treating KehlenbecK ;
without (retting any money. Defendant
came back and asked witness if Kehlon- ,
beck had any money, how mucn and i
where he kept it. Witness did not give
him any satisfaction, and defendant again, i
came back and slapping his hand on th* !
de=k said that Kehlenbeck had money j
and it would be an easy thing for witness i
to get it.
Defendant jumped to his feet and nomt- j
ing his outstretched hand at Fisher
shouted. "You lie."
"Don't make such a statement as that.
«ad the Judge sternly. "You have no \
right to call this man a liar, and you will I
have to act different to that in thia |
court." -.v I
Fisher continuing his evidence said that
when the defendant made that susrs^stion j
to him he told him he would have noth- '
in? to do with it. The case was then I
continued till to-morrow afternoon.
- : -
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TITCRSDAY, JTJLY 27, 1899.
"How In thunder do I know?" an
swered Kiibum. "Take it outside and
open it, Arthur," addressing Bolfing.
"Not If the court knows herself."
said Bolfing. "I'll open it here or not
a: ail."
"Well, we'll all go outside and open
It," said Kilburn. An adjournment
was accordingly taken to the main of
fice. Holmes carrying the suspected
parcel. He was very careful to hold
it at arm's length, and picked _his
steps, while Bolfing and Kiibum saw
to it that ■-.ere was no jarring when
the doors were opened and closed.
Upon reaching the main oSice Eng
lish. Keegan and. Byrne joined the
group.
Holmes placed the parcel on a table
and Kilburn said: "Now then, Arthur,
go ahead and open it." Arthur opened
his knife to cut the string, and as he
approached the box English ex
claimed: "Look out there, Arthur!
There may be gtmcott in that thing
and if your knife touches it you'll
blow us all to hades." '"Go slow, Ar
thur; go slow." said Kiibum, and with
that the string was cut, and being
tight, parted with a snap that started
the entire party on the run.
ANOTHER ISLAND
WITS TO COME
INTO THE FOLD
Kusaiens Asking for
Annexation.
PETITION TO WASHINGTON
THE KING AND SEVENTY CHIEFS
ASK PROTECTION.
Natives of Kusaie Never Acknowl
edged the Spanish Rule and Con
sider That They O-wm the
Island.
i
The natives of the island of Kusala, in
! the Carolines, want to be annexed to the
I United States. The King, high chiefs
! and prominent men on the Island to the
\ number of seventy-two have forwarded
| a petition to that effect to San Fran
! Cisco with the request that it be laid be-
SOME SIGNATURES OF THE KUSAIEN PETITIONERS.
The anxiety of the islanders to enjoy the privileges and protection of United
States Government is attested by the number and high dignity of the signato
ries.
fore the President. They say not a -word
about the Spaniards or the Germans, but
simply ask to be taken under the fold
of the stars and stripes.
The petition accompanied the following
Tatter:
KUSAIE, May 6. 1539.
Mr, J. F. Cunningham— Dear Sir:
The inclosed petition will explain it
self. I wish you would be kind enough
to put it in the proper channel and
direct its course so that it will have
the most effect. It embraces all the
names of the principal Kusaien chiefs
and men. You will confer a favor on
us all here by forwarding it to its
proper destination. Yours most truly,
9 " J. V. 11ELANDER.
The petition Is as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and
House of Representatives of the
United States: We. the undersigned
chiefs and natives of the island of Ku
sa j,_ (or Strong's* island of the Caro
line" group do petition your honorable
body, if by any means you can. to
take this island under your charge or
government, as we understand there
is to be a change of government
among these islands.
We have been in Intercourse with
the American people for forty-seven
years; tUat is. American missionaries,
traders and whalers, and many of our •
people have been to the United States
and have been In the service of the
Americans.
We therefore pray your honorable
body to extend your government here.
When they recovered their courage
the wrapper was taken off. revealing
a headsome leather box, neatly sewed
and almost square. In the top had
been cut a small opening, and from
this protruded a thin piece of some
thing that looked like a fuse. "An in
fernal machine, by Jingo; and I
thought I hadn't an enemy in the
world," said Kiibum. When sure that
it would not go off he picked it up
and after a cursory examination found
the names "Kilburn-Oleson" written
on one of the corners. The Ccrnn-.s
sloner at once produced his private
memorandum book and went care
fully over the names of the Democrats
he had replaced on the water front
with good Republicans, but never an
Oleson could he find among them.
The box was finally cut open and
found to contain strips of cane wound
looseiv around two pieces of wood.
Just at that moment Henry Lynch
came in and asked what the box had
been cut up for. ""What is it?" quer
ied : [burn. "Why. a Japanese pil
low used by the women," answered
Lynch. "They put it under their
necks so as not to disarrange their
hair while they sleep."
And now Kilburn is wondering why
such an article should be sent to him.
because there Is no other foreign In
terest here but American.
Here follows the signatures of the peti
tioners.
The p«eople of Kusaie have long been
more than friendly to the United States,
while they hated the Spaniards and bare
ly tolerated the Germans. While Spain
claimed sovereignty over fhe group, the
natives of Kusaie have never acknowl
edged them as masters, and outside of
one or two Isolated spot 3on the island
Spain had no control. The natives gov
erned themselves, and whenever tue
Span- made a move the islanders
would at once rise up and drive them
back.
When the barker.tine Ruth arrived
from the islands a few months ago she
brought the news that the Germans were
trying to secure a foothold on the island
and the natives were preparing to resist
them. Now that Germany has purchased
the group from Spain she will at once
take possession, and then there may be
a war on Kusaie similar to that in the
Philippines. The petition of the Kusa
iens has arrived too late, and the chances
are that had Spain still been in posses
sion no action could have been taken in
the matter.
The petition came here via Honolulu
and yesterday Mr. Cunningham forward
ed it to the President.
A DRUMMER IN TROUBLE.
, George L. Osgood Convicted of Petty
Larceny by Trick and Device.
G«r?» L. Os?oo<i. a drummer, "was ar
rested in January last on the charge of
petty larceny by trick and device. He
' ordered a suit of clothes from Morris
I Cohen, a tailor on Kearny street, and sent
a note to Cohen to send the suit by a boy
to the Mirror saloon and he would pay for
It. He took the suit from the boy and
' skipped. When arrested he told Judg-e
; Megan such a plausible tale that the }
j Judge released him on his owe recogniz
ance on his promise to pay the price of
S the suit. He did not keep his promise
and the Judge issued a bench warrant for j
his arrest.
Osgood kept out of the way of the police j
till Tuesday, when he was arrested in I
Oakland and brought to the City Prison. <
Yesterday morning he appeared before '
! the Judge and was convicted on the !
i charge and ordered into custody to appear
for sentence this morning. He paid for
the suit yesterday morning, but the Judge
lis determined to punish him. His hand 3
were covered with diamonds and he was
dressed in the height of fashion.
It is probable that a much more serious
charge will be made against Osgood. as
yesterday afternoon the prison officials j
• were notified not to release him on baiL
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Mary C. O'Neal and Freder-
ick Dittmer Filed.
The will of Mary C. O'Neal, who died :
January 3. leaving an estate valued at
fKJtt, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequearhs her *»r.::re estate to
bef husband. John H. O'Neal, who la
named aa executor.
The will of Frederick Dittmer, who died
July 21. leaving 1 an. estate valued at $4000.
was also tiled for probate. The entire
estate of the deceased is devised to Nico- |
lavs Henry Geerkens and his wife, Fanny i
Geerkens. 1
THREE MORE
TRANSPORTS
FOR MANILA
Regulars Sail on Ohio
and Newport.
*
INDIANA TO GO NEXT MONDAY
SHE WILL TAKE SEVEN HUN
DRED ENLISTED MEN.
Visiting Day at the Presidio New
General Hospital More Wo
men Will Be Allowed to Go
to the Philippines.
Three transports sailed for Manila early
this morning. They were the Ohio and
Newport, which left the dock shortly after
midnight filled with recruits and regulars,
and the Tacoma. which steamed out to
ward the heads at 3 o'clock. The latter
had been taken out into the stream dur
ing the night.
At 7 o'clock last evening four compa
nies at the Nineteenth Infantry, com
prising about 500 men, arrived from the
East and were evenly distributed on
board the Newport and Ohio. The Ta
coma took 300 horses for the Fourth Cav
alry.
The Indiana 13 scheduled to sail next
Monday with a detachment of 700 of the
enlisted men now awaiting transportation
at the Presidio. This is in accordance
with orders issued by department head
quarters.
In the selection of soldier 3 for this as
signment men with the casual detach
ment awaiting return to their regiments
and recruits having no previous service
in the army will have preference. The
men will be organized by the command
ing officer into one battalion of six com
panies, and when ready for transporta
tion will be turned over to Colonel Charles
C. Hood of the Sixteenth Infantry. The
following officers are designated to ac
company the detachment: Captain J. J.
Crittenden. Twenty-third Infantry; Sec
ond Lieutenant George W. Wallace. Ninth
Infantry; Second Lieutenant George S.
Tiffany. Twelfth Infantry; Second Lieu
tenant Francis J. McConnell. Twelfth In
fantry; Second Lieutenant H. A. Wood
ruff. Thirteenth Infantry; Second Lieu
tenant Ernest A. Haskell. Twenty-first
Infantry; Second Lieutenant George E.
Ball, Twenty-first Infantry-
Acting Assistant Surgeon George W.
Daywalt has,- at his inquest, been kept
in "the service and ordered to report at
the Presidio.
Private W. H. Porter, fcrund guilty of
absence without leave, has been sen
tenced "to forfeit $10 of his salary.
Fifty-two more recruits have been or
dered to be discharged by the medical ex
aminers, having been found unsuited to
the service. _;
It is rumored that Captain Ducat, who
departed as quartermaster on the City of
Para, is to be chosen to succeed Lieu
tenant Colonel Plummer, who until his
appointment to his present rank was an
aid on the staff of General Shafter here.
The following nursea were ordered to
Manila and left on the Ohio which sailed
this morning: Miss Mary J. McCloud.
Mi-s- -Üb^rtie E. Ridley, Miss Helene
Mahlum. Miss Lottie Duckworth, Miss
Danforth and Miss South. _
Privates John Beach and James Cassin
of Company I. Nineteenth Infantry, who
were arrested for firing off their guns in
the streets, were turned over to the mili
tary authorities and • will be court-mar-
r "a- ed
"The'camp at the Presidio for the recep
TO COMMEMORATE
its fortieth anniversary— the unparalleled suc-
cess it has achieved— and the accumulation of
A BILLION DOLLARS
of outstanding assurance, as published in these
columns yesterday, the Equitable Life Assurance
Society will send free on request a handsomely
~ illustrated history of the Society.
This book can be secured on application to
the Society or its nearest agency.
"Strongest in the World "
The Equitable
LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY
OF THE UNITED STATES- 120 BROADWAY. NEW YORK
Agency : California, Nevada and Hawaiian Islands.
A. M. SHIELDS, Manager,
E.DYA/IN CRAMER, Cashier,
Crocker Building, San Francisco, Cal.
Buy a copy of
THE AUGUST
CENTURY
on any news-stand.
The entertaining
MIDSUMMER
AiND TRAVEL
NUMBER.
tlon of the Nebraska Regiment is - ail
ready. The whole military department '■■
will unite in honoring the Xebraskans as
the Oreg-onians were ' honored. Ail the
troops here, including the Oregon Regi
ment, will parade and will be reviewed by-
Major General Shatter.
Yesterday was visiting day at the new
general hospital and thousands of tender
hearted women visited the returned in
valid soldiers. None of the men are
dangerously ill, though many are suffer
ing from chronic diseases. Visitors are
allowed on Wednesdays and Saturdays
from 2 to 3 o'clock.
No more women and children will be
allowed to so to the Philippines. Major
General Shafter was besieged with re- i
quests of wives who wish to accompany
their husbands to Manila. In response !
to a cablegram General Otis replied that
no more should be sent, as Manila wa3
already congested with too many women
and children and there was no room to ac
commodate any more with convenience or
comfort. , .
The Collector of the Port has acceded i
to a request of General Shafter that bag
gage of returning soldiers be examined
while they are in transit from the trans
port to the Presidio. The baggage of
those who are very ill will be examined at
tne hospital. „ „ M
Lieutenant Lawson M. Fuller of the
Ordnance Department has been ordered to :
Manila and will leave on the Indiana.
WHEN THE BOYS COME
MARCHING HOME AGAIN
DESTBE FOB A LEGAL HOLIDAY
WHEN THEY ARRIVE,
No-w that the headquarters of th« Na- '
tive Song and Daughters of the Golden
West, who win receive the California
Regiment when it reaches here within the
next thirty days, are In full operation,
a number of people have called to make i
suggestions as to what should be done. ;
Those in charge say they will be pleased
to have suggestions made in the matter
of decorations and, in fact, anything that
will make the event as glorious a one as it
will be possible to make it-
To-morrow there will be the joint meet
ing of the citizens' committee, the com
mittee on war medals and certificates ap
pointed by the Grand Parlor of the Native
Sons and the reception committee ap- \
pointed by the subordinate parlors of tne
order, for the purpose of agreeing as to
the details of the reception and subse- ,
quent events. ; ■'-•'■■ ,
As yet the Governor has not made any
public announcement that the day on
which the California boys shall land will
be a legal holiday, but it is believed the
fact that the people want it declared suca |
will induce him to issue his proclamation I
to that effect. . ,'■; .
Grand Marshal Pistolesi, who will lead
the parade, will in a few days confer with
Brigadier General Shatter with regard to
the position of the military that will take
part. In the parade the veterans of the .
Philippines will be accorded the post
of honor and as there will be no counter
; march those who will follow them in line
will not have an opportunity to see the
men they re to honor; therefore an ef
fort will be made to have the regiment
halt at a point on Van >•'--■ avenue, face
east or west and allow all in the parade
to pass by and salute the men.
On the night of August 2 there will be
a minstrel show in Native Sons" Hail in
aid of the reception committee's fund and
for several days and evenings past there
I have been rehearsals to the end that the
! affair shall be a success. All the talent !
will be contributed.
The committee will seek donations for
: the banquet that is to be given to the re
turning soldiers and it has been estimated
i that the following articles will be re
quired: 73 pounds of shellfish, 300 pounds
: potatoes ten bunches celery, 10 dozen let
' tuce - dozen parsley, 550 pounds beets, ;
5 gallons salad oil , 5 gallons vinegar, 50
pounds salt, 10 pounds pepper, 500 eggs. .
; 73 pounds cheese, 200 pounds sugar, 40
squares butter, la hams, 250 pounds of i
meat to roast. 30 smoked tongues, 150 1
chickens, 250 pounds turkey, 3 dozen one
poucd cans or green peas, 15 gallons jelly.
50 gallons milk. 10 gallons cream, bottled
extracts, 150 pounds of rock salt. .o0
pounds Ice. 10 gallons pickles, 5 gallons
olives 1500 rolls, 50 loaves milk bread, 50
loaves' rye bread. 60 large cakes and fruit.
Orders for donations of any of these
articles will be received at headquarters.
000000000000000000
g«B» PALACE *■"■!' l
°GRAND a°mts°
jl SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a tuuiwl pajaas^way. *^
1400 Poorr.<=— 9OO h Bath Attached. ® !
O All Under One Managsmant. O
O 90TS THS ?a::Br : O
O En."cpeanPla.-..#1.00 per day md upward O
g± American P:ar..s3.O«> per day and cpwaxd —
w Correspondence Solicited. . O
0 JOSS 0 EXSZPAT&ICS. lu>^. O
000000000000000000
£* W9k ■ ■ ■ m m and Morphine Habits
iS 11X1 ■■ c^red at home. Write
11LI1 1 1 nn '" fun particulars
IFI |lf| and book fr-e.
111 Ml 111 on>us c?.u3i eras,
VI I%# 111 B. D. SIM 5113, 201 Turk
St.. San fraaeisea.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
ABVEBTISEIffinrrS.
jflaLAfti trio
Jiiili ITTLIE
' I v E i\
§!0K HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia.
odigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
Xt remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongne
•aia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Legulats the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price*
AanrsEMEgns. ■
ALCAZAR 55™
ONt-T FIVE MORE THCEB OF
LtWIS MORRISON
In a. Go^eoca Spectacular Production of
FAUST!
iTATTNEE SATTTKDAT.
'osttively His Last Appearance »■ Any Staff*
Of Hia Created Role of
iV\EPHISTO.
Biff Cast. Strong 1 Choraa and > :^'* Sc«er7.
PHONE MAIN 254.
•RICES .^- Be 25c, 35c 53:.
Next-FI-OHENCS ROBERTS IN "ROMEO
IND JULIET."
ZALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDI^ANDER, Manager.
rHE SAME OLD STORY.
BACKED TOJTHE DOORS.
ENTHUSIASM UNABATED.
Ta<* Best Performance Tet Glvea cy
VIISS BLANCHE BATES
And CO HP ANT OF FLAYERS.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLET.
Sardou'a Greatest Comedy-Drama,
VIADAME SANS GENE
Presented la Perfect Style.
Seats No-st on Sale for Neit -Week— Special
>rnd uction of Branson Howard's Best Comedy-
Jrama "ONE OF OUR GIRLs.^
Reserved Sears 25c, 50c, .oc aadTL
Matinee ~C "°c and <aC - .
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
TREMENDOUS OVATION NIGHTLT.
, THIS WEEK and
NEXT MON. TUES. and WED. EVGS.
\nd SPECIAL MAT. WED..
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Mr. HENRY MILLER
And A SPECIAL COMPANY.
Is a Superb Revival of the Romantic Comedy,
HEARTSEASE.
MONDAY NIGHT-SOUVENIR EVENT.
Fiftieth Performance at Miller Season.
Beginning Next "-.-=■--■.- "HAMLET."
15— NEW PEOPLE !-lo
LAURA JOYCE BELL <* CO.
LA FAFALLA.
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
fHOITES PANTOMJMB+
THE ELDRIDCE3.
KIIFATRICK AND BARBER.
GEORGE WILSON.
MINNIE PALMER.
LES BROWNS.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, We; Op«r»
Chairs and Box Seats, 30c /
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE HOM3 OF OPERA IN ENGLX. A
ANOTHER ARTISTIC TRTOCPH.
ALL THIS WKKK
FAUST!
ORCHESTRA FLOOR, Reserved. Sac aad 830.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. Be. .
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved. 15c
GALLERY, 10c. < _
MATINEE SATCRDAT.
s«xt vnk- The faaaiest of HI fiaay i*m-
•BOCCACCIO "
At tie Matlcees the Best Reserved Seat c»a
"be purchased dor 25c Family Circle, lie
Gallery 10c
Telephone Main 532.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT !
Revival on a Traad Seals -' the Greatest at
of Con Operas. /
WANG!
Final Appearance of Zdw-:a Steveastl
All the Favorites la the Cast! ..
A Gorgeous Production In Every Detail!!
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY, opealaff of th«
GPw\N*D OPERA SEASON, In Italian. G*r=aa
and Ezj«l - WITH FAMOUS LYRIC
ARTISTS FROM EUROPE. Enlarged Or-
chestra and Chorus. "**■'■■* Scenery,
Coatumes and ESecta. Feat 3 now oa sale.
POPULAR PRICES— 23 and 30 Cents.
our telephone; bush 3.
CHUTES ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
NOW ON FREE EXHIBITION.
MISS JOHANNA FRISCO.
ORANG OUTANGI
TO-NIGHT-
AMATEUR NIGHT!
A HOST OF AMUSING FEATURES,
Concluding "With a
Fat Ladies' Bicycle Race!
Reserved Seats by Phone. Steiner ISSI.
CONCERTS AJTD RESOBTS.
133 I LI W These -who w-vt ther%
~ say the Pancraria la a
/%¥ ccrrect representation.
II 1 Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
]k/t -_ __ • 1 _» coons and evenings.
Manila u^«^-^g
Bay! m^^-
.SUTRO BATtiS.
OPEN — NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM I A. M to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM » A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10 CHILDREN aQ
parking-. Includia* Admlasioa ISc: Catldraa Sta.
78
0 0 0000000000000000000000000000090000
o Scandal at Ilnion Coursing SParL o
o SPace /or J'irdi IPiace in jCocal jCeaguc* o
o ■ °
0000000000000.00000000000000000000000.
ENTHUSIASTS ARE
WAITING TO SEE
WARM BASEBALL
Great Interest in the
Coming Series.
LOBSTERS WILL MEET WASPS
BOTH TEAMS ARE CLOSE FOX
THE FIRST PLACE.
♦
Delegation Will Follow tha Santa
Cruz Nine in This City— Gossip
Among the Ball-
Tossers.
There will be something liko the hal*
cyon days In baseball on Saturday and
Sundaj'. when the San Francisco and
I Santa Cruz teams Hn* up for what prom
isi 1 ? to be tho most torrid battle of the
Ftvison up to date. These teams head the
list, with th« Lobsters a few inches ahead
of the Wasps. Should the majority of
fames go to the local ball toasers, Frisco
will be on the top rung of the ladder, a
position which has been in the eyes of
th'? local players for some time.
Every preparation is on foot for a wild,
enthusiastic diamond jubilee. Santa Cruz
will be escorted by a delegation of root
ers from the town, all traveling in an
excursion train. The outside cities will
be represented if reports that come in day
by day are true.
The teams are practically tied for the
pennant race, but the rivalry is lntensi
fied by the natural antipathy of one team
for tho other, due to a s-eries of gamts
between the two nines in Santa Cruz.
l;oth cities will be rf-presenu-d by the
b«:st material the managers tan get to-
ULtl-.or. Fitzpatrick will pitch both the
afternoon Kamt-e, Ib<-rs doing the twirl
ir.q in Oakland on Sunday morning. Rube
lievy will umpire the series.
Tho standing at present is as follows:
•■ — *• — ~ ■ ,
"I
1-111 SIC: § I I
-
nil' S3 S-I II -S
-i g =
|| I i j : ■ : j :
77 ~I ~5 3 5 i 23 19
12 .. 5 6 4 I !i «
3 4 .. 1 5 " 20 38
5 5 1 .. 4 5 2) 3i
- I 3 4 .. 2 17|3'J
2 3 ! 5 3 .. 17 j46
16 il9 ( 18 )19 j 22 /29|.. I .. I
n
9
r,
?
i
M
! '826
.Cl 3
.43')
.3S&
The league has just passed through an
umpire crisis-. An angry lot of rooters
mad.' Patsy Cahill's Sabbath a noisy an
fearful day last \ve<.'k. At Swing's spr-
clal instance and request Cahill umpired
the series betwi-en Oakland and San
Francisco. In the future Ewing will think
twice- bt;foro he picks an umpire for his
own special satisfaction. During the
game Sunday afternoon President Moran
determined to do away with ' :ahill for his
careless decisions, but ho did not hay; a
chance, as Patsy forestalled his action
and resigned. He said it was too much
for h!m and he was not going to waste
his sweet young life away in any such
grilling work. W. Long la the succtss.-r
of Cahill. He has had ;i gr«=-at quantum of
experience as an arbiter of strikes and
outs and is highly recommended to th?
Uague.
Haynes, the Eastern twirler. now with
Santa Cruz, was not much of a success
last Sunday when he faced the Sacra
mentans. The old reliables will twirl for
the Liobaters in the coming series.
Swindells has been rather unfortunate
of late in th» splitting of fingers, but his
himds show Improvement now.
Selna, thf- first baseman of Watsonville,
Is fjuite a pugilist. There Is some talk
about a mutch between him and Jeffords.
Hammond, Oakland's pride, is one of
the hardest working catchers In the
league. He has been doing some tine
Mick york lately.
Stulz has become the home-run hitter
of the Fficramento ■ • .- 1 m .
like Courtney would
lie a formidable team.
Peeplea fs playing an excellent game
at secord. but meer ne< da a little
mucilage for his manual extremities.
The acquisition of Heuston has caused
a change in the infu-M of San Jose, life
will cover the third bag.
Hutchinson Is playing a great game at
first.
Harper is a tower of strength to Wat
le but Whelai to have.
■
played fast and accurate
series— thirty-two hits
■ error- In :hr.-t- games.
• chances out of
);ikland series, a brilliant
i for a third baseman,
fanl la blossoming into a strong
■
trie lisrbt cam" at San Jose on
.v. •■•!! San Jose and
ned until August '■'
BOXER NEILL INJURED
BY SAILOR SHARKEY
While Sparring With the Prospective
Opponent of Champion Jeffries
He Is Hurt Internally.
The boxing boul between A! Nelll and
Frank McConnell seems fated never to
take place. On Monday there wns
tween the boxers and the pro
ra of the battle on the question of
The men hart been guaranteed
,<nd an effort was made to withdraw
guarantee. An amicable understand
ing was finally reached and all difficulty
■v as supposed to be past .
Al Nefll was seriously Injured while
traininK yesterday and may t><- laid up for
mmc time. He Is traininK at Sulphur
Bprlngs, near ValleJo, where Bailor Tom
taking liKtu exercise pre
tory to his departure for New York,
.in in-; Jeffries for the world's
hip.
The men were boxinp toK<>ther yester
day, when X»-iii. sidestepping to avoid one
arkey's rushes, stumbled and felL
The Sailor tripped over Neill's foot and
upon him. Ni'ill was ren
. unconscious and fear is expressed
thai i.' has t <•< n injured internally.
Among his Injuries Is a sprained ankle,
. in itself i* expected to prove .-'.! i
i! , c;u:s^ a postponement of his
h with McConnell.
Columbia-Defender Races.
iVPORT, R. L, July 26.— 1t was an
: ced to-day by the racing committee
Newport sTacht Association that
. ommittee has ■■• • ■! to aban
the race arranged for Saturday be-
Columbia and the Defender.
wing to the fact that the Defender's
mast will not be ready In time.
race will bo sailed next week, but
. i oromittee has not yet been able to
■ . • late.
ORDS TO FIGHT JACKSON.
Giant and "Has-Been" Will
Combat at Victoria.
RTLAND, Or., July 2fi.— Jim Jefforda,
California heavy-weight pugilist, who
•.• In this city, to-day practically con
d negotiations for a tight with Peter
who la now In Victoria, B. C.
-.viy of Jeffords and Jack
mei in this city to-day, and It is
! that they reached an agree
for n twenty-round bout in Victoria.
Mail Contract Renewed.
LONIjOX, July 2<"i. -It is announced that
Government has renewed its contract
with the Cunard-Whlte steamship com
panies for the carrying of the American
malla.
HOOPER'S DOGS
ARE RULED OFF
PENDING INQUIRY
Cannot Run at Union
Coursing Park.
| A SCANDAL WILL BE AIRED
i BIG "ENTRY FOR TEHEE STAKES
TO BE HELD THIS WEEK.
; Eleven Hundred and Fifty Dollars to
Us Disbursed in Prizes Among
the Owners of Grey
hounds.
The officials of Union Coursing Park de
cided at a meeting held ast night to in
| vestigate fully the erratic inning of S.
i Hooper's Koolawn at their park last Sun
i day. Next Tuesday evening was set for
the earing, when Mr. Hooper will be
i heard in his cwn behalf. He acknowl
'' edges that Koolawn was drugged, but de
| nies any knowledge as to by whom the
: stimulant was administered. Until re
; sponsibility in the matter is fixed no en
: tries will be accepted from Mr. Hooper.
Three stakes will be decided at Union
! Park this week. Two are for saplings,
! while the other Is an open .stake, in which
such star performers us Hugh Lynch's
i Lottie M, J. Dean's Connemnra and Giad
; iator and other speedy dogs are entered.
i The prizes total $1150. Jn one sapling stake
1 the winner will receive $30. runner up »20.
! next two at $10 each and the next lour
at t:> In the second sapling the first
' prize 15 $30, runner up $20. third $15. next
: three $10 each and next six; So each, lhe j
: first prize In the open stake is $150, runner i
. up Jll'J. third $75. two at $50 each fo u F r , at
$05, nine at S2O and eighteen at $10. me
draw last niglit resulted as follows:
Sapling stake. laddies— C. L. Appleby's, Sir
Pasha vs fonnell Bros. Master Morse; John
Fields 1 Jupt In Time vs. H. Kobbins' Lonff
Boy; Connell Bros. Killkeily vs. George
Buehn Monogram; Jeff Martinet's Buxtonivs.
J J. Edmonds 1 Whisky Hill: P. McCabe s
i Honey lioy vs. .K-fr Martinets Bernal Chief.
W Morgan's Blue Rattler \*. Lander & Ber
ber's Hitnzl; Hf-enan & Walsh's Gano vs. ]■ .
Lan lea A A. A Morvllle; J. Anthony Pa
triot va. Jeff Martinet's Bernal Boy. , j
Sapling stake. !assiefi-IJ. Sullivan's* Lady
' rvntrv \> Connell Bros.; Grr-en Isle; J. McCor
mirk's Pro I Beauty vs. J. H. Smith's P«BK>-
Primrose; G. H. to's Hermanlta vs._ Pa^ha
Kennels' May Hrnipffad; p » sh &; , X - nr V;!; '
' Koyal Ann vs. <k-or b -e Sharman-siWa.lt a Bit; j
George Ehrmann's Jesse E vs. W. Morgan's:
nnval Lottie; I'asha Kennels' Recording Angej .
vs" J. J. Edmonds' Go on: P. WM Sheehan-g ,
: Little Cherub vs. Joy & Careney'B Juliet ; G. H. ;
Pinto's Glad Hand vs. J. Mci.raih s Red Ro?.- . ;
J McGrath'a H lower vs. I-a:. & Getters -It
Ida- Vasha Kennels' Round About vs. cannell
: Bros.: Clover; J. I. O'Briens Pasha Queen vs.
'J. Field's Sea Wave; C I. Appleby's Littlfl
; Sifter vs. P. A. Pheehan's Mollle S.
; Open st.ike. seventy-two doss--E.; M Kel
lobk's Kid McCoy ye. J. P. Thrift's Forget;
: J Dean's Oladiator vs. Russell. Allen <fc\\il
son's I>«N> '"'air F. A MoC.mhV I- lush vs.
H A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe; Smith i & Uvßy- ■
don'f< Mountain Belle vs. Hugh Lynch z pottle
M; J. Seggen.cn's Gold Hill v. J. K-rrigan s
Conqueror; H. F. Anderson's Crawford I>ad j
vh V J Belli: - Warship; J. Keenan s Royal .
! Buck' vg Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo; J.
! O'Dowd's Shootover vs J. Perls Boh^; X j
; \ Mct'omb's Roya Flush vs. \S. C. Olasson s :
! Border's "alentine: J. Vonn.ll'. St. Helena vs. j
H. A Deokelman's Lawrence: Kay & j rant s ■
Leonora vs. J. J. Edmond's Morning* Glory;
E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. II A. Decke -
mans Rocker; Larkey & Rock f Llbertj Bell
vs J. Connell's Mammy Pleasant; .1. fooney s
Black Hawk vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty;
' Hand: & Smith's Petronlus vs. A. Johnson s
Tod Sloan; Lowe & Thompson'? Patrla vs.
Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt; H. ', Anderson's
Crawford Braes vs. Aeneid Kennels Maid of
Erin- Georee irman's "vv ait a little vs. l>. ■
Ford'*s. Bonlta- W, C. Glasson's Tern vs. .
Handy & Smith's Mono; J. Connelfii I>og Boy ;
vs: Handy & Smith's Twin City Girl; Murphy
&'Tolan.l'3 Pleasant Girl vs. Bartel Bro«.
Mac's Melody; J. Byrne's Eleven Spot ™. J.
Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; Ed Evatt s Hurri
cane vs. F. Moran'S False Flatterer; J. I ans
C..nnemara vs. Curtis & Son's < - ; * all ", : II j l^:
Derkelman'a Flyaway vs. Pasha Kennels Best
Assured: Hurley & Rellly " X CapltoUva:
Aeneid Kennels' Pretender; Handy &
Magic vs. D. J. Healey's Maori Uml; M. I-n
don's M.-tKneto vs. J. J. Warren s Sweet Lips.
j Dean's! rlHiantlne vs. F. Price* Madge
WlldfirV V. Guerrero's Re: Alfonso vs. Mur
phy & Toland's Tea Rose: M. Jte™*'**"
Ann vs. .1 Maher's Safeguard; J M a , h " « .^H"
bi»tte vs Lowe & Thompsons Lowlander, J.
I' Thrift's Forpive vs. Pasha Kennels' Emm
PaJiT Lowe A Thompson's St. Oran vi Stere
& Knowles' Wag: J. Sep R erson's randelara
va F Mora Golden Russet; Lowe & Thomp
son's Jessamy vs. Russell. Allen & Wilsons
Lady Emma.
GREAT PROGRESS IN
TEMPERANCE WORK
Encouraging Reports Head in the
School of Methods at Pacific
Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 26.— An impor
tant ea : : '' "'' meeting marked
th* beginning of 1 - work of the
Woman's Christian Temperance T'nion
Hurimr r School of Methods. In on.- of
• ! ,- reports read the fact was brought out
that the Increase in membership In the
various local unions of the State during
the past few months was greater than
ever before in the same space of time m
the history of the work on this coast.
This was accounted for in two ways:
First, the increased Interest being shown
everywhere in temperance work in all its
branches; and second, the contesi tor
large delegations to the coming National
Women's Christian Temperance I mon
convention that is beint? carried on in all
The first regular session of the day was
held this afternoon. Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet
presiding The lirst subject under discus
sion was the Pacific Ensign, the temper
organ "f the Pacific Coast.. Mrs.
Bradley, business manager, gave a
financial statement regarding the paper
and Mrs. M. C. Lord, the editor, Bpoke
of it^ policy and work. "Mother's Meet-
Ing" by Mrs. Ma M. Jamison, "The
church' for Temperance," by Mrs. L. P.
Williams, and "Shall We I'ossess the
Land'. 1 " by Mrs. D. J. Spencer were three
notable papers of the afternoon, but the
chief event of the session was an address
on the relation of total abstinence to
missionary work, delivered by Mrs. Mary
R Phillips, president of the Women a
Christian Temperance Union in India.
The evening session opened with .1 de
votional service conducted by Mrs. A. 1,.
dove Mrs. K. Morine Law, national or
ganizer for the National Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union, delivered the ad
dress of the evening, her theme being
-Personal Liberty and the Remedy for
Hard Times." The chief point empha-
Bized by the speaker was that Instead ol
being opposed to the American principle
that all are entitled to "lift, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness," the temper
ance movement was designed to maintain
that principle and give life, liberty and
th* purpuii of happiness to those who do
not have them.
ASKS FOR NO DECREASE.
Equalizers Hear the Sierra Valley j
Road's Representative.
SACRAMENTO, July 2fi.— The State
Board of Equalisation resumed its ses
■iona this afternoon, after several days'
a'liournment, during which !t visited the
locality of the Col fax narrow guage road.
To-nforrow the board will hear represent
atl /es of this road.
Thi." afternoon was spent in hearing the
statement of T. S. Bullock, general mana
ger of the Sierra Valley road. This road,
which is forty miles in length, was as- i
Bessed last year at $162.0 M. II is now ex
tending its- Hits four miles from James
town lo Sonora. and estimates were given
of the probable value of the additional
stretch. No reduction is asked for by the
rouri.
The board will not hear the statements
of the Southern Pacific until the last of
the month.
THE SAN I HA* CISCO CALL, THUBSDAIf. JULY 27. 1599.
Events in the Sporting World
WILL CIRCLE THE GLOBE WITH HIS WHEEL.
The orpanized wheelmen of this city will shortly be afforded an oppor
tunity to entertain William Reymann, who is making a circuit of the plobe
with his bicycle. He left New York in February, 1897, and has suffered
every conceivable hardship since that time. The illustration shows him with
his bicycle upon his shoulder as he prepared to wade through the many
:ountered in Northern china. He claims the credit of being
the first wheelman to cross bleak Siberia. His bicycle weights 65 pounds,
is fitted with cushion tires and is geared to 56 inches.
JEFFRIES WILL SAIL
FOR EUROPE TO-DAY
Big Champion Confident of Defeating
Sailor Sharkey When He
Heturns.
NEW YORK, July 26.— James J. Jef
the pugilist, arrived to-day in this
city after a p!e;«sant tllUr across the <
country. The big fellow will sail for
Europe to-morrow on the North ■
man liner Fu-rst Bismarck. He is in i
condition for his I ■ with ;
Charley Mitchell and Jem Smith, which
take place abroad within a fort
night. Jeffries will return here about. :
mber 16, when he %vill go into
I training at Asbury Park for his fight
I with Sharkey.
"The sailor," said Jeffries, "has I
doing considerable talking about how
quickly he will polish me off when we
• meet. I don't say I will beat him in a
punch in four rounds, or anything of
that sort. Sharkey is a big. strong fel
; low and has a chance to defeat me, but
I think I will g<-t thf- decision when we
meet."
Regarding a match between hmiself
and McCoy, Jeffries paid h^ did not
lider the "Kid" in his class.
•McCoy." h* Paid, "is a good, clever j
middleweight, but has no chance
against heavyweights. If McCoy, how
ever insist? on a match with me. he ;
jean obtain it, provided he will ftKree,
that the winner take all. I am not In .
the fighting gam- for fun. I want to
get all the money out of the game there
is in it while I am on top. When some
fellow comes along and beats me I
want to have a bank account on hand.
; a beaten fight, r is not much account
unless he has money in the bank."
OUTINGS OF ATHLETES.
Yale-Harvard Men Well Entertained
in England.
LONDON, July 26.— The members of the
Yale-Harvard athletic team were •
: at n. garden party by W. H Gn n-
C,.!^ _\i. p.. al Tapelow court, on the
Thames, one of the most charming coun
try houses In England. To-night the ath
letes attended the performance of "Pina
fore" at the Savoy. On Friday G. C. Vas
sal! >f the Oxford-Cambridge team will
t the Americana to oxford. The
company will disband on Saturday, most
ol them returning on the Bteamer St.
Louis to New York, while Others will go
;,, the Continent.
To-morrow the Americans will he the
guests of Lee? Knowles, member of Par
liament for the west division of Salford,
and himself a former champion half-mile
runner und<=r whose guidance they will
visit the houses of Parliament. There
Viscount Curzon will aid In Introducing
the guests to A. J. Balfour, Joseph Cham
berlain and the Marquta of Lome. after
which a largo number of "Old nines will
be invited to meet the team at tea on the
terrace.
MEXICO'S REFUSAL TO
EXTRADITE KEETON
State Department Believes a Lapsed
Treaty Is at the Bottom
of It.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— Inquiry at the
State Department fails to show that
there is any legal authority for the re
ported extradition from Mexico into
Texas of John Keeton under a charge of
sheep stealing and his subsequent trial
In Texas for train robbery and murder.
The extradition law pledges the country
to try the person surrendered only on the
charge preferred as a basis for extradi
tion The conclusion that the Mexican
authorities arc r- fusing extradition on
the charge of train robbery because it
waa alleged thai Keeton was only an ac
complice if? also said to be erroneous, and
it is believed That the rpal reason for the
refusal was because the time of train
robbery was committed during the ab
sence of the old lapsed extradition treaty.
MRS. RICH ON TRIAL.
Refuses to Answer All Questions Put
to Her.
EL PASO. July 26.— The preliminary rx
aznination of Mrs. Mattie C. H. Rich, who
1h alleged to have murdered her husband
in Ciudad Juarez. Mexico, two months ago
and escaped to the United States, and who
was extradited to Mexico on Monday, !s
now being conducted before the Judge of
Letters in Ciudad Juarez. Tho prelimi-
I na,ry examination of Mrs. Rich and the
witnesses is conducted in secret and the
formal trial begins next week.
Mrs. Rich thus far haa refused to an
swer the questions put to. her during the
examination.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
HUGHES WINS A GAP/IE
FOR LEAGUE LEADERS
Californian Pitches Great Ball and
Scores the Winning Run for
His Team.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. T. Pet.
Brooklyn ....57 26 .657 iburg ...43 41 .512
Boston 52 31 .626 Cincinnati ..40 43 .4-2 j
St Louis . . 43 ■'■?■ .593 New V irk. .35 50 .412
Philadelphia 43 34 .590 Louisville ...33 4S .407 1
Baltimore ••■•'s 3." .568 Washington 31 55 .3611
Chicago 45 36 .556 Cleveland ...15 67 .1-3
LOUISVILLE. July 20.— Hughes not only
pitched great ball for Brooklyn to-day, but
scored the winning run for his team in the
fifth, when he and Jones made a double steal. j
Attendance. 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 2 5 li
Brooklyn 3 5 l
Batteries — Woods and Zimnier: Hutches and
McGuire. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
•
ST. LOUIS, July 26.— St. Louis made It three
straight with New York to-day. It was a
contest of the most sensational plays. Blake, i
by a remarkable throw from center, cut off
Gleason at the plate in the eighth inninis.
Seymour was very wild. Attendance, 2700. i
Score:
g R. H. E
St.- Louis 4 S 1'
New York 3 10 1
, Batteries— Young and O'Connor; Seymour and
Warner. Umpires— Em«lie and McDonald.
CINCINNATI, July 16.— The Reds played ;
miserable ball behind Hawley in the first game
and could .not hit Willis. The second was a
i pitchers' battle between Phillips and Young
Bailey, which the former won after ten Innings
of great playing. Hawley struck at Tenney
I during the rlrst game because the latter col
lided with him on the bap, and later hit Duffy
lin the face. Attendance, 4600. Score of first
game: p
Clubs— R. H. K. i
Cincinnati 5 4 3
Boston 9 13 2 j
Batteries- Hawley and Peitz; Willis and j
Clarke. Umpires — Smith and Latham.
Score of second game:
Clubs— . R- H. E.
Cincinnati - 6 1
Boston 1 " 1
Batteries— Phillips and Wood; Bailey and
Clarke. Umpires— Smith and Latham.
CHICAGO, July SB.— Mertes 1 muff of an easy
fly In the first presented the Phillies with two j
! runs as a starter. They made two more in the
fifth by good hitting and they were never
headed, clinching the victory .with three runs
In the seventh. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 5 9 3
Philadelphia 7 11 1
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue: Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
PITTSBURG, July 26.— Tannehill was a
puzzle to the Washingtons and they had no
show of scoring until the ninth Inning, when j
a wild throw by Williams let in one run. At
tendance. 1800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 8 15 3
Washington 15 4
Batteries — Tannehill and Rowerman; Mercer
1 and Kittredge. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
NEPOTISM AT SAN
QUENTIN PRISON
Warden Ag-uirre Abolishes One Office
in Order to Create Another for
His Brother.
PAN* QUENTIN PRISON, July 26.— Tt !
has just leaked nut that during the last j
meeting of the board of directors a new i
office was created fur Jow ph Agulrre, the i
Warden's brother. The position is known I
;is that of general overseer, and has to do
with the inspection of requisitions. To
arrange this place W. H. Reynolds, the |
parole clerk, was dismissed and his office
discontinued. Reynolds formerly re
ceived $yo a month, while Aguirre gets
$150.
The salary of the assistant commissary
was cut down and a proposition was made
at the meeting by Director Devlin to
shave the salary of every officer in the
prison. The other directors would not
listen to this, however, and all escaped
except Reynolds and the assistant cora
i missary.
MURDER MD SUICIDE.
Indiana Man Kills His Wife and
Daughters and Then Himself.
BRAZ'L, Ind., July 2ti.— Charles Wolfan
gel became violently insane last night at
hifi home in Denmark, south of here, and
selz.ng a hatchet chopped his two daugh
ters t'r.d wife to death while they were
sleeping. He then took a knife and cut
his own throat. The murdered children
were 8 und }2 years old, respectively.
Pacific Cable Bill.
OTTAWA, Ont., July 26.— The Pacific ca
ble bill, by which Canada contributes
flve-eighteenths of the cost of the liability
of the work, was read a third time In the
House of Commons to-day.
GERMANS WILL
BLEND DANCING
AND ATHLETICS
Festival of the Turner
Societies.
A MONSTER STREET PARADE
— —♦ —
OVER ONE 'HUNDRED ORGANIZA
TIONS REPRESENTED.
All Manner of Gymnastic Exercises,
Prize Shooting and Field
Sports to Be Held at
Glen Park.
—
The seventeenth biennial festival of the
Pacific District Turner societies will be
held at Glen Park on the 30th and 31st of
this month. The programme, arranged
by the most prominent men among
the Germans, is a most comprehensive
one. It embraces gymnastics, prize
shooting, prize singing, two parades, a
banquet and other festivities.
The first of the celebration will take
the form of a torchlight procession on
Saturday evening through the principal
downtown streets. The persons parading
will return to Turner Hall, on Turk
street, where addresses will be made by
Mayor Phelan, Dr. M. Magnus, president
of the Pacific Turn Bezirk; John Simmen,
president of San Francisco Turn Verein,
and F. Attinger, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements. There will be
singing by the singing section of San
Francisco Turn Vereiy. Henry Mar. t will
act as master of ceremonies. Toasts will
be responded to by Nathan Church, Dr.
Max Magnus and G. Liebold.
Nearly 100 societies will be represented
in the parade on Sunday morning. The
column will move up Market street to
Montgomery, to Bush, to Kearny, to Mar
ket to Van Ness where It will counter
march. The march will then be continued
to West Mission street. Forty special
cars will be in waiting here to convey the
Daraders to Glen Park. The afternoon
will be given over to field sports and tar
get shooting. In the latter $1.0 Is offered
in cash prizes. In the pavilion there will
be prize singing by the various singing
societies of Oakland. San Jose and ban
Francisco. In the evening there will be
a concert at Turner Hall, 323 Turk street.
On Monday there will be contests -among
the Turners on the apparatus and in held
sports throughout the day. In the e^,en
' lne- there will be a ball at 'lurner Hall,
! ffing the festivities. The committee on
arrangements Is:
F. Attinger (chairman), John Simmen (sec
t retilry). Joseph Straub (treasurer) Henrj
Maret. William Plagemann. rheo. Planz F
! Wlllenbrink; director of Bymnastlcs, Robert
i Barth. Chairmen of ««clal committees- II-
I nances. F. Attinger: tiymnuMaXrhte^V^mi
AttlnKe?- trantportaUon, \Villlam
' •■' }' M-i'-f ball F W. Willenbrink;
pre«s J. Straub; reception. William Plage
mann; ground, Maret; bat and restaurant,
| ger: decoration, H. Maret; bar and restaurant.
'■■ __— _— — —^—
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
List of Pensions Granted and Army
and Postoffice Changes.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The postof
flce was to-day re-established at Craf
tonvllle. San Bernardino County. This
office was discontinued on June 23, but the
department has rescinded the order.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War. Private Michael
Doran, Battery O, Third United States
Artillery Presidio, San Francisco, 13
transferred as first class private to the
Fignal corps, United States army, and will
report to the signal officer of the Depart
ment of California, San Francisco, for
transportation to the Philippine Islands.
Recruit Ivan J. Ransbottom. general
service, now supposed to be at the i re
sidio, San Francisco, is transferred 10 the
hospital corps as a private. r>Hv,»r
Acting Assistant Surgeon Gerry S. Driver,
USA-, having reported to the surgeon
general of the army, will proceed to i-ort
Myers and report in person to the com
manding officer of the battalion Third
United States Cavalry, for duty to ac
company that regiment to the Philippine
IS Ac n tfng Assistant Surgeon Charles F.
Craig, U. 8. A., is relieved from further
duty at Josiah Simpson General Hospital,
Fort Monroe, and will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for assignment to duty.
Private Frank Woodeca. Company * ,
Nineteenth United States Infantry, Pre
sidio San Francisco, having enlisted .m
--der false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States on receipt of this order by
the commanding officer of his station.
Private Joseph H. Stahl. Battery X,
Third United States Artillery, now sup
posed to be In confinement at Manila.
Philippine Islands, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
Of his station.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas C.
Stunkard U. S. A., will proceed from
Terre Haute, Ind.. to San Francisco and
report in person to the commanding gen
eral of the Department of California for
assignment to temporary duty. Colonel
Alfred Smith, IT. S. A., retired, having ar
rived in San Francisco, will proceed to
his home. L,
Pensions— California: Original— Mary K.
Morrill nurse. Muerietta, $12: Albert
Jones, San Diego, $8. Additional—
A Leach, Porterville. (8 to $12.
Washington: Original— Sylvester A.
Skinner. Vance. $8; John W. Foley. Wil
bur. $<5: Benjamin F. Doyle, onoho
mish. $8.
BELVEDERE'S SUMMER FETE.
Progress Made in Preparations for
the "Night in Venice.''
BEL.VEDERJS, July 2fi.— The executive
committee charged with the preparations
for the "Night in Venice," to bo given in
th*' cove during the first week tn Septem
ber, met at Hot>i Belvedere hist night.
Director General Hawkins presided. Sug
gestions from the various committees
were received and discussed and the re
ports indicate that great progress is be
ing made. The following sub-committees
were named:
Invitation— H. T>. Hawks, Joseph Mattoon Jr.,
Dr Wailach, John Jackson, BHli I'arrish.
Finance— V. J. A. Rev. C. S. Holmes, John
W Pew, Thomas E. Haven, A. Page.
Conveyances— Dr. T?. W. Halnes, Charles
K«arle. Fred W. Boole, Ellis l'arrlsh, Albert
Raisrli. John Coop.
Firework?- H. I>. Kiel, T. T. Williams, Dr.
I, L Dunbar, Joseph Mat coon Pr.
Trar.-|" rtatl- n T. T. Williams, S H. dough,
Hugo Kiel, John W. Pew, .T. S. Hawkins.
MusW — E M. "Wilson, T. I. Miller, Frank
B."wers R C. Hall. M. B. Wallach.
Privileges-Will H Tnpk». T. L. Miller. John
raid well' John H. Keefe, Charles Sontag.
Advertising— F. E. Hnrmon, E. H. Clough.
Emlle White, F. H. Hiishnell, J. D. Maxwell.
Patrol and Anchorage— J. H. Keefe, Jack
Short Sr.. A. J. Lyons, Andy Thorne, J. J.
Kavanagh. J. M. Mattoon.
Reception— James H. CBrien. Frank Riin
von Charles McNeil, C. G. Taylor, W. H.
Topke Hugh John?. Charlea l.elghton. Fred
Fowler U N. Harmon. J. 1). Maxwell.
Tickets— J W. P»w, T. T. Williams. V. J. A.
Rey George H McMullen, John H. Keefe.
Launches-Robert Tlttel, M. B. Waliach, Wil
liam Kiel. Will Pownlng. Fred Greenwood,
Thomas Jennings.
Decorations- A. Gerheriiinir. Charles G. Tale,
I>r Hazan Fred H. Bushnell, Arthur Page,
Robert Hall, E. Scott.
Press— E H. Clough. J. H. Pryor, F. E. Har
mon R. It. rHcmmedleii. Charles Gerlarh.
Printing— Carl Westerfeld. F. E. J.
H Pryor, Emile AVhite. W. S. Grover.
Peruvian Ports Reopened.
LIMA, July 2fi.— ln view of the re-estab
lishment of legal regimen at Iqultos. the
Government has decreed ports reoDened.
ooooooooooooooooooooocooooooooooooo
o Coney Xoses to tftob Jitzsimmonj.
o Opening of the Saratoga Season, o
oooooooooooooooocooooeeooooooooooooo
BOOKMAKER
SMITH TRIES
TO "WELCH"
Sent to Prison to
Repent.
SARATOGA MEETING OPENS
LAYERS OF ODDS ROUGHLY
HANDLED.
Jockey Sullivan Given a Rest by
the Stewards at Brighton
for Foul Riding
Tactics.
Srecial Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA. July 26.— The heavy show
era of last night had little or no effect on
' the Saratoga track to-day and the time
; was good. Swiftmas captured the fourth
\ purse in I:4S, which equals the track
F Voter's victory at even money hit the
ring hard, and Garden Smith, who has
been running a book at Brighton, packed
his little grip and headed for the gate. He
was caught just in time, and the men on
his books were compelled to be satisfied
with getting their money back. Later
i Smith was locked up on a charge of
S The i Rewards announced that Jockeys
R. Williams and W. O'Connor, who were
t suspended until the end of the meeting
at Brighton, would not be allowed to ride
!at Saratoga ' until after that time. Re
i suits: .
Five furlongs-Voter won, Toluca second.
'^STnS^cJSSL I^. Cathedral second.
ffiAjS&K BCour,er8 Cour,er won. Petruchlo
second, Malchim third. Time, 1:01%;
One and a sixteenth mlles-Swiftnms won.
St. Cloud second. Filon dO r third. Time. 1.45.
i Five furlongs-Dangerous Maid j* on. Indian
Fairy second. Dear Heart third. Time, 1.02.
NEW YORK. July 26.— Sullivan was sus
pended to-day for the balance of the Brighton
Itoeh season for foul riding on Belle of tnn
in the third race. 1 Jesuits:
Five furlongs. selHr.g-FrelinKhuysen wo
x T <«,<- npde second Phnhm third. Time, 1.04 l-o.
Six furfong^skccharine won Exist second.
t;t Gi-.r.lihlce third. f^ngJ^Ulfng-Meehanua
Five and a half furlongs. selllng-Meehanua
won} Tabouret second. The Buffoon third. Time,
1 Mile 'and an eighth-Merry Prince on 1 -. 5 Bl l u |"
Dutch Skater second. Premier third. . Time,
2:. 3-5.
DETROIT July 26.— The weather was fair
and the track fast at Windsor to-day. Results:
Five and a half furlongs selling-Dumbarton
won, Coralis second. The Light third. Time.
1: Five furlong. selling-If>abinda won, Aurea
second, Owensboro third. Time, l:pl«4.
Mile and a sixteenth. selling-Colonel Frank
Waters won, Kin second, Lady of the West
th Half J'mn'eiFo'neda won. Daily Report sec
°f 1 x G Tu^nVB hlr< sell7n n -!Red- rr Snapper won.
Lovice second. Torreon third.' Time, 1:1 °-
Steeplechase, full course-Aragnol won, Dous
terswlvel second. Last Fellow third. Time,
4:42.
CHICAGO. July Weather clear and track
fast at Hariem. Results:
Four furlongs— Oconee won. THdy Ann sec
-•••' Mont Eagle third. Time, :45%.
,;,,; mile sellinK-Limewater won. Flnem
Respice second. Maurice W third. Time 1:42%.
Two miles. Felling-Barton won. Barrier sec
ond Teuton* third. Time. 3:33. Hugh Penny
Seven furlongs-Grailelia won. Hugh Penny
N'ewsgatheTer third. Time. l:J.".*.
mhe and seventy yards-Benneville won.
Imp Mistral II second, Carnero third. Time,
I: Six' furlonpp-Tanran won, Cheesemlte sec
ond. Free Hand third. Time. 1:14%.
ST LOUIS. July 26.— Track fast. Results:
Pollirß six furlongs— Our Nellie won Che
nille second, Annie Oldfleld third. Time 1:15%;
Maiden three-year-olds. six furlonps— Vllmar
won John Conzet second, Thlsbe third. Time.
1 Handicap, two-year-olds, five and a half fur
lonß-MIFS line Day won. Lady Curzon sec
ond Sue Johnson third. Time. 1:09%.
Handicap, one mile— Duke of Baden won La
Josephine second. Belle Ward third. Time,
1 '41 : •
Miff- and seventy yards— Kisme won. Sir
Rolls second, Ransom third. Time, 1:47.-
Selling, six furlongs— Goalmnner won. LAdy
Osborne second. Dr. Graves third. Time, 1:16.
COMPELLED TO MARRY
A GIRL HE WRONGED
Tony Pryor of San Francisco Becomes
a Benedick Under Compulsion
at Yountville.
NAFA, July 28. — Tountville has a scan
dal. It Involves the enforced marriage of
a rich young San Franciscan to a girl he
had wronged. The principals in the affair
ar.- pretty Kate Riley of Yountvllle and
Tony Pryor, a son of J. K. Pryor of San
Francisco. Young- Pryor was sent into
the country by his father because he was
coins at too lively a pace in the city. At
Yountville he met Miss Riley and won her
love The young woman is soon tp become
a mother. " When her secret was learned
her father rounded up Pryor and com
pelled him to marry the girl forthwith.
Rev. William B. Thorn of St. Mary's
Episcopal Church performed the cere
mony Immediately afterward the hua
banri disappeared and it is not likely that
he will return to his heart-broken bride.
J X Pryor has been here inquiring into
the antecedents of the Riley family, with
the Intention of bringing action to annul
the enforced marriage.
The affair has aroused the indignation
of the people of Yountville. Miss Riley
(iv \v Mrs. Pryor) is a pretty country lass,
unused to the ways of the world and un
suspecting of the snares of the tempter.
Public sympathy will he with the young
woman when the attempt is made to in
validate her marriage.
Cures While You Sleep!
£S&£&\ • Kere is relief from pain, from nerv-
r "Aw ousness and the debility which accom-
b^^Sl * panics It. Here is life-long freedom
l 7 #' from druggery and doctor's bills. It is
Ijjr V a cure at home, applied by yourself and
V^" y\ used while you sleep. It is Electricity
>y^ applied by my new method, the result
yfiftj / 1 > v - of my twenty years' experience.
«kJ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
,||p.§C ELECTRIC BELT.
■ EihEtyj 1 i\L\j JD£iLl.
■^^M^^sri^^i/W^> I Unlike all others, made to cure. You
_^^^y^S||^j.fS(s>-f •^ii/y^^' apply it when you go to bed. You feel
-~^^SSjt?i2&^^Mz£~s^ its warming, invigorating and soothing
' I .*-""; "£i? ''^^DCtt"'* l^"-— currents flowing through your nervous
-^Ss^^%7^s^r^tx^^^^; system and it induces a quiet, restful
' r^<^f^JKm)\Wii3^^ x - sleep. X ou awaken in the morning feel-
ing refreshed. It gives new life.
SEND FOR. MY INE\A/ BOOKLET.
It is full of valuable information to weak men. It explains why
medicine fails and Electricity cures. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt is
as good for women as for men. Book free. Call or address
T\v% M A l\yr _ T _..,— Ul5w» 702 Hariit St., cor. Ke»rny. 8. T.;
Dr. ill, A. lucLaugnlin, f t / die L k . g B i 3 4 le v ? Bprmß « d - BM »*
Office Hours— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sunday*. 10 to 1. NEVER SOL.D IN DRUGSTORES.
CONEY LOSES
A RACE TO BOB
FITZSIMMONS
California Pacer Is
Beaten.
TAKES FIRST TWO HEATS
OUTGAMED BY THE HORSE WITH
A PUGILISTIC NAME.
Hazel Ridsre. Favorite in the Betting
for the First Race at Cleveland,
Falls Dead on the
Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 25.— Ther*
was a big crowd at the Grand Circuit
• race to-day, nearly 10,000 persons being
. present when the bell sounded. There
■ was a long card, five events being sched
; uled, including the unfinished 2:i"
That was the first rac, and it furnished
a s> nsational Incident. As the horsea
were being wanned up Hazel Ridge, who
ruled as favorite in the betting early in
: the day. fell dead. He was owned by
Charles Gauntlett of - U -h. Grand
Baron took the first heat and looked like
a winner, but Tempter won in the sec
ond heat and Dorothea took the next two
' heats and the race.
In the 2:23 pace Coney was a strong
i favorite and he got the first two heats,
■ but Bob Fitzsimmons took the third
after a hot and exciting finish and got
the next two heats and the race with
The Queen was the favorite in the 2:23
' trot and she justified the confides
her backers, fur after she had got the
first two heatfl and had been chased hard
by Royal Baron in the next two, she
; clinched the claim to first money in the
• fifth by an easy victory.
The 2:19 pace was easily settled by
■ Fritz, who took the two heats neressary
after a close finish in thu- firs! with Ed-.
ward S. Arbuteskan had been played as
a winner in this event.
There was a big field and a lot of m
! terest in the 2:27 trot, and Merriment,
, after a bad finish in the second heat,
took the prize, being hard pressed by
Derby Lass and Black Robert Results:
2:13 class, trotting, pane ;
three heats (unfinished fr im Mondaj
thea won third and fourth heats. Time. 2:12 ! 2 .
LMT 1 -*. Temper won second heat in 2:12 1 i ana
was second, Excell third. Grand Karon, dis
tanced in second heat, won first heat I::
Puff Altie King, Pamlico Chief. Hazel Ridge,
Shadland, Tiptoe and Buckeye also star!
2:23 class, pacing, purse $2500. best three in
five— Bob Fltxslmmons won third
fifth heats. Time. 2:11. 1:13, 1:1
won first and second heats and was .-
Time, 2:134. 2:10%. Wandering Jew
Mount Clemens Coy, Pam Medium. ?hade On,
Beauty Spot, "aude Emperor, Olive B and
Mil: „ aiso started.
2:23 class trotting, purse 13000, best three in
five— The Queen won first, second and fifth,
heats. Time, 2:13^. 2:12. 2:14 J i. Royal
won third and fourth heats and was -
Time, 2:11, 2:13. Amiss third. Chain Shot.
Lady Geraldine. Belesprit, Bertha Lee and
Ed Winter also started.
2:19 class, pacing, purse $X""0, best two in
three— Fritz won in straight heats. Time,
2:l2'i. 2:lo**. Violation second. Edwards third.
Arbuteskan. Americup, Harry Hal. Dunaber
and Ruby Mack also started.
2:27 class, trotting, purse $12'"-^. best '
three— Merriment won first and third heats.
Time. 2:13-4. 2:KV Derby Lass won second
heat in 2:l7Vi and was second. B!.i"k Robert
third. Princess, Pluck. Sagwa. Fraskett. Par
allax, Leonard Bell, Frank < "reamer. E-
Hoppergrasa. Kerolite. Fltzhugh Lee, David
Harum and Bertha Herr also started.
HEAVY CROPS IN THE
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
Grain Output in Yolo. Sutter and Co
lusa Counties Will Be
Large.
WOODLAND, July 26.— A Call repre
sentative has just returned from a trip in
the river farming districts on both sides
of the river in Tolo, Sutter and a portion
of Colusa County. Farming operations in
these districts are conducted on a larger
scale than in any other portion of the
State. The crops are very large and even
at the low prices that prevail the season
will be a prosperous one. On the Sutter
side of the river more than 25,000 acres of
land that for several years has been com
paratively unproductive this year pro
duced a big yield of barley. S. M. Mun
kitrlck will have 30,000 sack's, which is the
largest crop produced by one man on that
side of the river in ten years.
On Grand Island the yiold will range
from twenty to Thirty sacks oi barley and
from nine to twenty sacks of wheat to th^
acre. The following are estimates of the
crop-- produced i :' those who are
farming on an extraordinary scale: Mil!, r
Bros.. 7 • - sacks:' W i" Curtiss
30.000 to 40,000 p;icks: J. C. Frazer. about
the same: William Montgomery, 10,000 to
50.000 sacks; S. H. i ! 20,000 to 30.000
sacks; C. P. Wilson. 20,000 to 25,000 sacks.
There are a number of other farmers who
will harvest from 5000 to Ifr.OOO sacks each.
Tnere are eight steam harvesters and
a large number of harvesters propelled by
mule power in operation on the island:.
The bulk of the wheat crop will he
banked on the river in anticipation of a
salt without the expense of warehousing.
The barley crop will also be banked, and
most of it has already been sold at prices
ranging from 9,"> cents to fl 02*4 per cental.
The steam harvesters are running on the
Fair ranch. It will be twenty days hefore
the harvesting of the 9000 acres of grain
is completed. The yield is estimated at
from 75,000 to ino.ooo sacks.
The steamer San Jose has been taken oft
the river route and its business is going to
the Queen of the Yukon, which makes
two round trips a week from Colt]
San Francisco. It is expected that tho
transportation companies will have con
siderable difficulty in handling the im
mense quantities of grain.
0A YOUTH FELL SIXTY
FEET OVER HIGH BLUFF
xc=r QUARESNA, a
:■ :
■ :
■
-
even
-3 serious He
i Har
■
-
- ■ ■ -
- ■
...
■ -
j- rostral
r a c ■■
■ - -
'. to a semi-conscious s
?h they do not know 1
WEBSTER SCHOOL
ABOLISHED BY
THE BOARD
Principals Lose Their,
Positions.
RESIGNATIONS ARE ACCEPTED
TRANSFERS MADE AND MORE TO
FOLLOW.
B«classif cation, of Classes Begun and j
Superintendent Webster Em
powered to Go Ahead and
Complete Work.
The Board of Education last evening
[abolished the Webster Grammar School
end distributed its classes and teachers
among the different schools in the neign
borhood. It distributed ail the teachers
except the principal, vice principal and
the yard teacher. Mrs. Agues Manning.
Mrs " S. M. Roper and Mrs. L. M. Shaw.
who occupied those positions, lost their
jobs.
' There were other positions sacrified.
Mrs. E. M. Baumgardner, who was vice
principal of the Denman Grammar
School resianed hers to Miss M. M. Fitz
gerald; MlssP- I- LC Levy, who since va
cation begun became Mrs R. L. L.
Baume, resigned hers, and. Mrs. t. M.
Moore also voluntarily left hers.
By resolution. Superintendent Webster
was directed to notify the principals of
- -a evening schools that the resolution
providing that children under 14 years of
age be not admitted to scholarship shall i
c '- force from and after July 31. It I
was also resolved that Superintendent :
Webster be instructed to prepare an esti- |
mate of the cost of. enforcing the compul- i
sory education law and report at the next,
""Another resolution was adopted which
provided that pupils who obtained an
average of 65 per cent In the June ex
aminations, not falling below SO per cent
in any one subject, should be promoted. ;
It was further resolved that the regula
tions governing the June examinations ■
Ehould be in force at the examinations to
take place July 31 and August 1 and 2.
Th* reclassirication of schools was be
gun, but will not be completed until the
next regular meeting. Superintendent
GRAPE-XTJTS,
9 »♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»■» ■♦-»»»♦»♦■»«■» ♦ |
-4)
: -i
* Can Keep ]
: Cool :
-♦- -i
X If You Know How to
+■ FEED YOURSELF. -i
*■ -i
*" (Reasons below.) 4
T ■*
I Try GRAPE-NUTS ]
+ A
+ -«
o ♦ ♦♦♦-»-♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ■»■♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
HOT WEATHER FOOD.
The selection of food for hot weather j
is an important question. "We should '
avoid an excess of fats, cut down the !
butter ration and Indulge more freely j
In fruits and food easy of digestion, i
One meat meai per day is sufficient
during- hot weather.
An ideal breakfast is Grape-Nuts, j
treated with a little cream (which, by,
the way, supplies the necessary fat in j
a very digestible form) a cup of Pos- j
turn Cereal Food Coffee, hot, or if cold, j
it should have a little lemon juice j
squeezed in; then some fruit, either
cooked or raw; also perhaps two slices !
of "ntlre wheat bread with a very thin
spread of butter, or perhaps a little j
Grape-Nut Butter, which is a different j
article than Grape-Nuts. A breakfast j
of this sort Is so perfectly adapted to ;
♦he wants of the system that one goes I
through the heat of the day in com- j
fort as compared with the sweaty, dis- }
agree - condition of one improperly
fed. Once put in practice the plan will j
never be abandoned during the hot
days. for the difference in one's per- !
sonal comfort is too gTeat to be easily ■
forgotten. Price 15 cents per package. [
CHARLIE OUARESNA SE
RIOUSLY INJURED.
-
■
s
: - to the
F. G. Huskey, vice prir.cira-I of the Hears-
Gnmmar School, was transferred to the vice
princlpalship of the James Lick Grammar
School.
lira. K. T>. Speddins was transferred frcra
the Sprin? Valley Grammar School to the John
Swett Grammar School.
M:ss L<oui£e McDonnell was transferred frcm
the John S^eit Grammar School :o the Spr.r.^
Valley Grammar School.
lli^s E. D. Keith of the Washington Gram
mar School was transferred tG the Clement
Grammar School.
Pr;?»s*:r T .V. J. G. Williams of the Clement
Gr&rnrr.ar School was trans ferre<i to the Wash
ington Grammar School;
Miss I* B. Harr:g-ar. ' was transferred from
the Hearst Grammar* School to the Spring Vai
ley SeaoaL
Sir? T. F. Spencer was continued as a special
teacher of stenography in the Polytechnic Higli
School at a salary of HO per month.
Miss M. JI. Fitzgerald t^ elected vice prln
cira-i oJ the Denman Granamar School, vice
Mrs. E. 11. Baurngardner, resigned.
Miss C. P.ei-ar. was transferred frc-m the
Fremont School to the Redding Primary
School vice iltss E. L. Hammond, deceased. .
Mrs. J. E. MaeXlchol of the day substitute
list assigned to ti* Fremont Primary
School.
itu«s L- K. Pi;er was transferred from the
Fairmount Primary School to the Irving Scott
Grammar, vice Mrs. Sissons.
Ml*s M. C. McKlnney was transferred from,
the South End Primary School to the Irving
Scott School, vice Mies A. C. Hagedr-m.
Miss M. Gillznore wa3 ajsicned to the South
Ead Primary School.
Miss G. Lewison was asiisr.ed to th* Fair
mount School.
Miss J T. Kean of the Hancock Grammar
School was assigned to the Burnett School, vice
Miss Jessie Stone.
Miss E. E. Keily of the Mission Grammar
was transferred to the Hancock Grammar.
Misa M. C. Torpey of the south End School
was transferred to the Mission Grammar.
Leave cf absence was granted to Mi.=s
Anna Woif. Le Conte Primary: Elizabeth
R Pettigrew, Emerson Primary; Miss E.
McDonald, unasslgned; Miss M. Browne.
Sunnyride: C. N". Rofcy. Buniette: Mrs.
J Harbandi Hamilton; Mrs. F. N. Lange,
Horace Mann Evening.
Chairman Holbrook cf the Finance
Comm:ttee submitted a letter to him from
the rirm of Wyckoff, Seamans & Bene
dict concerning forty-eight Remington
typewriters ordere-i but not paid for r-y
the last board. Although the present
board conrirmed the title of the firm to
the machined they are still :r. possession,
of the department and the firm in it.s let
ter to" Hoibrook requested that a commit
tee be appointed by the board to meet
with representatives of the firm some day
during the present week and free upon
some "plan whereby the schools may re
tain the typewriters and the firm receive
some compensation. Stowe and brook
and the attorney of the board were made
the committee and the meeting will occur
this morning.
The following communications were re
ceived and referred to the proper com
mittees:
R^sicnati^n of Mrs. Matilda K. Moore cf
Everett Grammar School.
Request from A. A. Sanderson, attorney for
K&therlne M. Ball. asking that salary
■-arts b* issued to her for the months from
July 1597. to r><:e:nber. IS3S, Inclusive, the
time during which she was illegally deprived of
her position as teacher.
Letter from S. Ducas statin* that he would
s^'.l a lot adjoining the Monroe Primary School
to the board for $1S«.
Application of Josephine Wafer for position
a-« teacier.
Letter from the Prang Educational Company
protesting against beir.i? compelled to pay JISD
f.^r advertisin* done in connection with clos
ing a contract with the board for the use of the
P.-ar.? sv«t»m of drawing- in the schools.
Proposition from H. Keenan to either sell or
!eaj?e to the department a building at the cor
ner cf Hoffman avenue and Twenty-fifth street
!r. N:<r Valley, to be U3ed aa an eiffhth-clasa
echoolhouse. , ;
Bid from Antonio Figon for the re-moval of
refuse ar.d rubbish froA schoolhouses at SK
per month.
Letter from Auditor Weils notifying- the board
that he will not audit demands In excess of
appropriation.
Recommendation from Board of Health that
all Deraons be vaccinated who have not be<sn
so treated within the seve-n years last past.
Resignation of Rosetta L L. Baume as
teacher of Polytechnic Hlsh School.
DEATH OF A SOLDEEH.
Private "Worthington Robinson Jr.
Succumbs to Typhoid.
Worthir.gton Robinson Jr., a private In ■
the hospital corps at the Presidio, died
last night at S:SO o'clock of typhoid fever
in the neld hospital. He was 22 years of
age a: the son of Worthlngtnn Robinson, j
a prominent citizen oi Louisville, Ivy.,
who wit n his wife and daughter came
here a few days agr>. All were present
when the son died. Young Robinson was
en route to Manila when he was i led
with the Illness which carried him i.fT.
His remains will be taken back to Louis
ville for interment. The Presidio at large
has extended its heartfelt sympathy to
the bereaved parents in their hour of
grief. _
. . ♦ .
Chief of Alfarata.
District Deputy Mrs. William Betts. as- !
sisted by Senior Past Chief Mrs. B. Me- '
Kenner. raised up the following chiefs of ;
Alfarata Council No. 10. Degree of Poca
hontas. Independent Order of Red Men, |
at the last meeting-: Miss N". Libbin?, j
prophetess: Miss M. McDonald. Pocahon- '
tas; Miss E. Harvey, Wenonah; Miss Car- i
rie Johnson, keeper of records; Miss A. j
Gobielle, assistant; Mrs. H. Dirkes. keeper
of wampum; Miss M McKay and Mrs. !
E G. Lake, scouts; Mrs. G. Osier and !
Mrs Greeves, runners; Mrs. Hill, guard j
of the tepee: Mrs. Atkinson, guard of the |
fcest: S. Harmon, and Messrs. Doxey, ;
Shurman and Greeves, warriors; Miss i
May Marlow and Mrs. Webb, councilors, i
Miss Libbing-, the retiring Pocahoatas, j
■was presented by the council with an em
blematic pin as a token of the esteem And
friendship .:' the members. J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THU KSDAT, JI'LY 27. 1599.
THE OLD WHALER
NORTHERN LIGHT
IN A BAD STATE
Returned to Port in
Leaky Condition.
CREW REFUSED TO PROCEED j
LONGSHOREMEN ON SACRAMEN
TO STEAMERS STRIKE.
i
Steamer Australia Sails for Honolulu j
and the Steamer America
Mam for Japan and
China. ;
A few days ago the bare announcement j
was made that the bark Northern Light j
had returned to port on account of haying j
sprang a leak off the lightship. The yes- ..
sel is still in port, as the leak cannot be j
located, and a lawsuit will more than
likely follow in consequence.
The Northern Light was supposed to be
seaworthy when she sailed for Grays Har
i bor. but when the lightship was reached
■ Captain. Challeston found she was leaking j
!at the rate of eight inches an hour. The j
I pumps were manned and an attempt made j
!to clear the ship, but it failed. Fire was j
j got on the donkey-engine and the steam j
i pump started, but the crew refused to
j proceed. Captain Challeston said he was
! determined to go on to Gnys Harbor and
: the men said they would leave" in the
; boats.
The sailors went to get their things, but
I when they approached one of the boats the
j captain was there with an ax and said
' ho would stave in every boat on the ship
! before he would allow the crew to desert.
■ The men then refused point blank to work
i the vessel, so Captain Challeston had to
■ rettrn to San Francisco. Off Meigga
i wharf the anchor was dropped and the
i sailors lost r.o time in getting ashore.
! They had been twenty-four hours at the
! pumps and wanted no more of the North
i era Light.
The man who got the bark ready for her
' voyage is blamtd for the whole trouble,
'■ and the owners are talking about suing
i him for damages. The Northern Light
: . was built In IS3I for a whaler. For over ;
■ forty years she made a periodical trip
■ to the Arctic, and only went into retire-
I meni in Oakland Creek when Captain I
i James McKenna could net afford to lit
; her out. In her latter days, in order to
'; help her to withstand the buffeting of the i
1 Arctic ice, she was sheathed with oak
i planking, and when she cape out of re
■ tirement this was still on her. She was
1 fitted out and formed one of the fleet that
I took gold hunters to Kotzebue Sound.
: When she started on that run she sprang
I a leak, but the blame was thrown on men
: who had carelessly knocked holes in the
i hull when fitting her out.
On her return from Kotzebue the North
! em Light was again laid up, but when
: the demand for lumber vessels became
i great she was purchased by Captain John
! Challeston; C. D. Bunker and others, who
! timed her into a lumber vessel. The oak
I sheathing was taken off in order to thor
' oughiy overhaul the vessel, but when it
i was put on again the trouble began. The
■ owners say the work was not properly
i done and in consequence the vessel leakd
1 like a sieve. The ship carpenter says that
: ail the life has gone out of the wood and
', that the nails simply punched holes in it
•• that did not nil up. In any event the old
I Northern Light is lying useless on the
! Mission mud fiats, where all attempts to
■ stop the leak have failed so far. In a day
) or so she will go on the drydock. and if
; the hull cannot be fixed up there a lawsuit
' will follow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
! steamer Australia sailed for Honolulu
J yesterday. « She can a valuable cargo
and the 'following passengers:
P a Bee
-
I
■
: X B.
- ■
Aldace F. Walker, who is among the
Australia's cabin passengers, is chairman
of the board of directors of the Santa Fe.
He is going- to Hawaii on a pleasure trip
and is accompanied by his wife, daughter
ard sister.
George Compere of Los Angeles also
sailed on the Australia. He has been
commissioned by the county to search
through Hawaii, Fiji. Xew Zealand, Aus
tralia. Japan and China for beneficial
bugs.
The annual strike of longshoremen who
handle the river boats during the fruit
season took place yesterday. During the
winter months the men only get 30 cents
an hour, but as soon as the fruit begins
to come in they usually demand 50 cents
and get it. Yesterday morning the steam
era Pride of the River and Onward arrived
from Sacramento River points crowded to
the guards with freight. The longshore
men to the number of 200 made a demand
for 50 cents an hour and were refused.
Trouble was feared, so the California
Transportation Company asked for police
aid and Sergeant Mahoney and Officer
Mackay were sent to the steamer. They
at once cleared the wharf and only al
lowed a delegation down to negotiate with
the company. A compromise was finally
reached and the men went back to work
at 40 cents an hour. They asserted, how
ever, that they would strike again this
morning and refuse positively to handle
the freight unless they get 50 cents an
hour.
On the down trip Nets Nelson. one of
the deckhands of the Onward, fell over
a pile of freight and broke his leg. He
was sent to his home as soon as the
steamer docked.
The Toyo Klsen Kaisha's steamer
America Maru sailed for the Orient yes
terday. She took away a small passen
ger list, among- whom were H. Pavlosk!.
a merchant of Vladivostok; C. M. I* Sites
and T. S. Leavenworth of Columbia Uni
versity, who are to teach in Peking
schools, and Mrs. C. H. Brooke and illss
Grace Brooke.
Will B. Downea. one of the handsome
and courteous clerks employed in the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known— Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
L. W. KNAPP. M.D.
A most successful remedy has been tens for
sev-iai weakness, such aj impotancr. shrunken
organs, nervous debility, lost manhood night
emissions, premature discharge and alt other
r«*«ult* of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
cut of the difficulty, never fails to restore the
organs to full natura: strength and vi^or. The
doctor who made this wonderful disco-, cry
wants to let every man know about it. He
will the-efore. send the receipt giving- the
\arious Ingredients to be used so that ail men
at a trifling expense can cure themselves. He
■coda the receipt free, and all the reader ne-d
do is to send his name and address to L. VV.
Knapp, M.I !•» Hull building:. Detroit,
Mich., requesting: the free receipt aa reported
In this paper. It Is a generous offer, and all
men :zh: to b« glad to na.v« sucb an op-
portunity.
Merchants' Exchange, returned to his j
desk yesterday after a fortnight spent in i
the mountains. Will. Officer ••Tom" ;
Walsh and four others made their head- j
quarters at Fisks Mill and made quite a j
success of ..hunting 1 - One bear, two deer
and innumerable doves fell before their i
gups and everybody "on 'Change" now
calls Downes "the mighty Nimrod."
The battle ship lowa was open to the
public yesterday and quite a crowd of
people went aboard.
Henry Peterson was elected ensign of
the First Division of the Naval Battalion
last Tuesda" night. Mr. Peterson's term
expired last week and when it came to
nominating a success he was the only
one in it "and was elected by acclama- ;
tion The boys greeted his election to
bis old position with cheers.
BIG SIDINGS STARTED.
The Southern Pacific to Put in SOOO
Feet Bet^re^n Bakersfield
and Mohave.
The Southern Pacific Company has com- j
menced work on the construction of four ';
sidetracks, each 2000 feet In length, on j
the Tehachapi division, between Bakers- !
field and Mohave.
The distance between Bakersfleld and i
Mohave is sixty-eight miles, and such is !
the rough nature of the country that no I
fewer than eighteen tunnels are encoun- :
ter^d on this length of road. The South- j
crn Pacific now runs ten trains daily
through them. When the Santa Fe has .
completed its tine to San Francisco it will
also" utilize this portion of the road un- !
t'.er an agreement it has entered into !
with the Southern Pacific people. This j
will raise the total number of trains to
twenty a day, making necessary all the
precautions against accident that can be
possibly taken.
' 'zj^ft'"^^^>
VThea r«q*ueated, the Kesorta n-ntioneil in this column will send you circulars, giving fall information regarding speciai advantag-ss, rat**,
manner of reachin- them, etc When vn'ing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly fnrnHhed: table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimrnir.s Tank. B-swLing Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together w,th
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Idle H ?r»«s
OV^ER C! 3<r'klNDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance: superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer ana
small game plentiful: magrtiacent °-- v "J-
bath* in variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reacted by the shortest stage route Into La<*
County. Round trip fare from san Francisco
via Hcpland. »: via Calistoga. J3 ■ - - -eek.
Hotel and cottage rat-s. JlO to $14 per "^e-i.
Take «s F A N. P. Railway to Hopiand. or
S P. R. R- to Caliatoga. For Illustrated p*m-
ohlet ct further Information address J. CRAICr.
H'.ehland Sprint. Lake Ccunty. Cal.. or se-
L D CRAIG. 2,-. Montgomery st-
era] Water* an -ate at
->ak a- • eer B Water Co.. Ttnteenta
iad W \ b H^ r ENl;PEIN n |-3ULLWINKEL.
K0 Post St.. San FrancUco.
The Valley
of Prunes.
- -=. Ver.dcrr.e is in San jose. in
the Santa Clara VaHey. the valley
cf prunes. Hot Vendome ts head-
quarters for Lick Observatory visit-
ors. St is a modern hotel and sum-
mer resort— a place of pleasure and
health— of rest and recreation.
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr., San Jose. Cai.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIK&S
SONOMA COUNTY ; ONLT 4^4 HOURS
from San Francisco and but S miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath in State: swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout stream* at
door- photographer's room, telephone, tele-
rr-ach daily mail and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL A.NP STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only 55 50. Take Tiburon ferry at  :!)
a m or 3:20 p. -.. Terms. 12 a day or Mi 1
w**k References, any guest of the past four
vea-s" Patronage constantly increasing— last
year "unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
OT SPRINGS.
Here you meet nice people who
seek rest and health and com-
fort rather than display.
Details and rates cheerfully furnished by
vr L Mitchell, m«r . Aetna Springs, Napa
County, or J. H. Simpson. O-M F<?liow3 Bldg..
San Francisco. Telephone Mint 1=35.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
(jr^gj J. B. PEASES. Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL L AM-
ple accommodations In Hotel; also la n«w
cottages. Just completed.
JV\RS. A. T. jvioore.
belvedere.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
a d particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County. Cat.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AN] FISHING ON THE
Tmckec River; pleasant sunny room; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, S3 to $10 per week; special rates for
taroilies. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE F*f\FtlV\.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND RC3-
sian River, nk miles from Guernevilla.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms. *7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guernevilla, Cal.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Nap* ScxU Spring** P. O.
RICH MEN BUY
HORSESHOE BEND
Will Establish a Park on
the McCloud.
PRIVATE PLEASURE GROUND
PBIMZVAI. FORESTS TO BE PEE
SERVED.
Small Army of Men Engaged in
Erecting a Massive Stone Build
ing on the Mountain
Principality.
Er*cial Dispatch to Th- Call.
REDDING, July 20.— A number of
wealthy San Franciscans, headed by
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler, have
acquired one of the most beAitiful
stretches along the picturesque upper
McClcrud and are turning It into a sum
jj|| ° _, Q j
[ Li y&s jjjj
Are arrancred with every mod- fH
•M = r , I xL. Si
I em convergence for heaith or |
pleasure bathing. Pr.vate tub jj
baths for those who wish them |
J - sulphur p unge, iron shower, |
j soda, salt glows, etc. Com- m
j"| peter.t women and masseurs ||
j and attendants Write for book. j|j
■;:j jii
ill Otto E. Never, Prop.. City office I
jjj Faso Rcbles, Cal. «2>i Market St. I
Resion
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET T3RIZR CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP:
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SOI SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
-McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OP SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
■k I m a iaa hot springs. — This
nnyn I V I I tWHllflli summer and
i #4 nM I ■ 1 1 1 winter resort. now
1 niinlVU cwned and managed by
DX J PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote h!3 entire time to the welfare
cf hi? guests, whether sick cr well, is situated
l? 0 miles south cf San Franctsco. in the Coast
Ratiy Mountains, at an elevation of 1400 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free frcm
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds;
ccmfortable hotel: annex and cottages: good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
wa'.ks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids cr others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
frcm Third and Townaend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Botedad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. tt For farther
information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralao Springs, or city office. 336 Butter St.. S. F.
" PYRON ~
-*-^ HOT SPRINGS
Have the only known remedy
for Rheumatism — the Hot
Mineral B->th«. Address Inquiries to
A BETTENS, Mgr.. at the Springs, or LOM-
BARD & CO., room 30,124 Geary st.,a#ent3.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
fChange of Management-)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs). Prop, ad Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
teds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
Ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts.. S.
F..'at 3 a. m. and !*45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
'For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by "ionths and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, GUroy Hot Springs. CaL
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
Is located in the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
■»at«i- fine etcne dining room; telephone ccn-
n*ctlo'ns, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Ciarnlag Spot to Visit This •-.--?:
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlsH-
tng. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
becau«» It is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co. gas indoors and
cut . H. WAMBOLD.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT §."&££
la* spot, rest, health: perfect atmosphere; train
f irtlnes, stags to hotel. Oiice 630 Market.
mer resting- place for themselves and
friends.
The site selected is in the famous
Horseshoe Bend. Taking advantage of
the lieu land act of Congress' and by
purchase from settlers they have ac
quired the .v..- frontage for several
miles, their possessions extending back
also well into the primeval forests. Ex
tending the entire width of the bend.
a massive stone building erf unusual
dimensions is being erected. It is ex
pected that the finishing touches will
be put on this winter- When finished
and furnished it is estimated the cost
of this building will foot up $100,000.
The structure is entirely of stone, ex
cept the inside finish, and has been
in course of construction for several
months, a small army of men being en
gaged on the building and about the
grounds.
A portion of this mountain principal
ity will in time be transformed into a
park-like pleasure ground, with rive
ways, lawn stretches and woodland re
treats. The larger portion of the land,
however, will be left in its primitive
state and be used as a fish and game
presprve.
The architectural design of the build
ing is in keeping with the surround
ings as they will appear after the
landscape gardener has completed his
work. A banquet hall and a large ball
room re features of the building,
which Is not designed for public uses
in any sense, being merely a sumptuous
retreat for the owners and their friends
when summer drives them from thi
city to the mo-untains.
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND,
r-* Hours' Ride Ft m Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. 'World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
cf our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modem Conveniences. Efflcie-t Management.
Jlodex Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents. -.. Market St., San Fran-
cisco. _^___
-»-O-»O-»-C >Q-*-O-+O+-O-+O-+Q-+-O+-Q+'O-*-
-♦ ♦
♦ Take advantage o
o Of the Round-Trip q
♦ Tickets to ♦
O O
I Hotel del Coronado. °
° C
♦ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel ; ♦
♦ if longer, $2.50 a day. ♦
° Ape . 4 New Montgomery st, 5
o San Francisco. °
♦ ♦
■»-o-*o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o •♦-o-*-o-«-c-«-o-»-o-*-o-«-
-: —
Ti? PU<e far f\T) HJJ A T>TV a tkt FOOT -
RESTand ORCHARD^.;*.
HEALTH SPRINGS SBBS
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit -.- All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad.
135 Miles from San Francisco.
•$5 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Adarsss C::i:i-: Sjl sgi CUaagi Psri, Cii.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, b boa o k vu e nt .
Up in th? mountains Bear the lakes,
and in the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah-
ROOD TRIP 59.50
J. Martens, prop.: city office. 111 ?.-« st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
JUST OPENED: NEW BUILDING: HAND-
s"rne furniture: 50 outside rooms: every
modem convenience: electric bells and lighting:
p*rf<"ct sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and ccn-
i venlenc* of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious fn»«
fcampte room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing: artificial lake fcr boating and_ swim-
ming; long distance telephone: campers' return
tlcke'-" 82 50; note open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS, Giea-wood,
CaJ.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
quale<l soda and magnesia springs: baths:
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to i*: Buy
through tickets. Send fcr circular. O. HOW-
ELL. Hopiand. Cal.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS, PROP.. NAP >. COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. # Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks: pure spring water; beautiful drives:
pine groves, lawns and gardens- The best ad-
vantages (or those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture la a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KEMLWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under personal cars of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS *
(Glenwood. Santa Cruz County. CaL)
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a first-class summer and winter
resort. For particulars apply to the manager.
Round trip only $2 w) on narrow-gauge rout*.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
Been x. Slsklyou County, Cal.>
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
03 the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
BRUTAL ATTACK
UPON A WOMAN
Bound and Gagged by Her Assailant
and Left Helpless While He Ef
fects His Escape.
SANTA ROSA. July 26.— John Leslie, a
well-known Windsor rancher, brought
word to the Sheriff's office this afternoon
of one of the most dastardly crimes ever
committed in Sonoma County. Early last
week a woodchopping camp was estab
lished on the Leslie ranch. Mrs. Ralph
Shank, wife of one of the men em
ployed, was given charge of the camp
and" employed as cook. On Sunday after
noon, while the men were away, Mrs.
Shank was suddenly seized from be
hind. She was bound securely, and to
stifle her cries a rude gag. consisting of
an etnptv flour sack, was thrust into her
mouth. "Her assailant is believed to have
been a tramp noticed in that vicinity the
Upon return to camp the men found the
unfortunate woman still bound and
gajrsred. lying in the tent. As soon as
she was released and gave her husband
particulars of the affair the men started
in search of her assailant. The hunt
proved unsuccessful, and late at night
they returned to camp. The search ras
resumed the next morning, but the man
had apparently made good his escape. A
thoroueh investigation will 'be made by
the Sheriffs office.
Jeanette Vance Cheney Dead.
■-
i
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK. BOS-
I ten or intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous W ABASH. NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic Una
east cf the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER. NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT. CATS KILL MOUNTAINS.
banks of the HUDSON RIVER. BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoc sac Tunnel are a few
of the interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabaeh. The Wa.ba_ah is
ths favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
dack*, White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because it Is the cco'.est. — • th»
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for Illus-
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake an-1
Sea"" R. C. CLINE.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. abash R. R.
Lcs Angeles. CaL
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur. Magr.e-
sia. Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard. crc<;uet and other
games. Accommodations flrst-claas: table good:
$3 to 112 a week. Round trip, S3 T5. Stag's
meet* morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE A
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs. Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin st.
WILBUR EOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colosa County, Cal. 28 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
_ Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury in the system.
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 143 degs.
New 2-stcry hotel and fine new bath-house.
Board and lodging, including baths. $J and 110
per week. - WM. ■ >ELOART Proprietor.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished 5-room cottages: good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting: fines; summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America:
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Dcnnel. 10214 Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
PLfINTfITION HOUSE.
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or mere; grand redwood scenery- Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County,
cf apply E. KRUSE. 2Q7 Front st., S. F.. for
particulars.
riDICRin Most beautiful spot la Lake
CAaL^O.-il/ County. The miner*! springs
are famous for marvelous cures when ail else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affection?. Superior accommodations.
JIO per week. Fine roads, trout fishing ax.i
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County.
JOHfINMSBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Miunt
Veedei 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. S-: to SIQ per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
REPORT. Oakvltle. Sara County. Cal.
HOTEL .EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely^ sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL.
Proprietor.
HOTEL BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES, LAKEPORT. ai«. —
Lares grounds; new dancing pavilion. S"x
t<i- fronts lake 2CQ ft.; fine bowling alley and
ehufflebcard; swimming, beating, elegant yacht
free- children's playground: good table; no Chi-
nese" help. F. & A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES MOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
» • homeii.':e manner, with M of the best
tables In the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip I" 1 cQ S F. and N. P. to Ukiah: thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha. Lak*
County. Cal. _ ,
VACFVIITF San Francisco to Chl-
I LPOLi" I I !-.• Bcaa by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile*
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip S3:. Sln<!«
'are tn either direction. $li. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 13 Montgomery st. . 9a.-. Francisco.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit 'arm 2 miles from Cailstosa and rail-
road station; beautiful shade: hems cooking:
god rooms: J* per week and up. Addr»4»
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga, Napa Co.. 'a--
MAN73ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or *
rooms, with board: good accommodations at
Marzantta Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting lh9
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sams
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS... •
15 Cents per* Week
65 Cents pc Month
POSTAGE PHEfAtD.
910
C O M M ERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats, Com and Rye quiet.
Hay market gorged.
Bran and Middlings rath-r firmer.
Shipment of $307,191 to China.
Pink Beans a shade higher
Potatoes steady. Onions higher.
Ton at • and Green Corn lower.
Butter Cheese and Eggs the same.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry sold ,
Fresh fruits plentiful and featureless
Prices for new Prunes being established.
Dried Apricots firm; Peaches and Apples !
Weak.
Another advance in Hams.
Meat market unchanged.
Cargo rates for Lumber higher.
Grain Bags rule stiff.
TRADE LAST TEAK.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"We have now reached the end of the fiscal
y,ar of the United States, ariC the official re
turns enable us to make a comparison between
th» two most remarkable years In the foreign
trade of the country. T»»<en as * whole, the
tm<le of last year exceeded that of the year
nreceding-the total of imports and exports
Sort being $1,924,000,000 for 1898-99 and
t1547.000.000 for 1897-98. showing an Increase
of $77 000 000. The increase, however, has been
entirely upon the imports, which exhibit a sain
of SSI 000.000. while the exports have declined
$4 000 CCO The increase in the imports deserves
attention. About three-fourths of that gain
has arisen during the second half of the , ear:
which shows that It has been almost entirely
the consequence of the great revival oi busl
rK, which set In with the opening or lisas.
ThE Mansion In the imports, however can
hardly be regarded as an in; llratio" 'arison be
deney to over-trading, whether comparison lie
exports was. for last year. J504.557.000 and lor
1897-98 5634.626.000: and for the two years to
gether. J1.039.153.000. Against this must b* set
off a net debtor balance, consisting ofj nter
eat pavme-nts, travelers" credits, ocean freights
etc etc.. which it seems to be generallyicon
ceded may be fairly estimated at about 51.a.-
Couooo.p<»r year. Making a deduction of $3..0.-
COOIOOO, we have 5689.183,000 remaining to creditor
account on the two years' operations. As we
have probably no very important amount oi
Soatiig funds now to our credit in the hands
of European borrowers, it appears probable
that this balance, less in- KJMW* '^TtH
paid to Spain, approximately represents the
ret amount of American securities sent home
from Kurope within the two last fiscal years.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
Henry Clows' circular says:
"The contest between the employes and the
managers of the Brooklyn surface railroads,
and the fear of it spreading to other roads, was
a deterrent to large speculative movement* in
the stock market during the week. Transactions
were consequently principally confined to the
quick in-and-out traders, and this attitude is
likely to continue until this unrest on the part
of labor has been fully settled. The continued
good railroad earnings and crop advices un
dvubtedly favor the maintenance of prices.
The only discouraging- factor Is the outlook of
the money market, although it has worked
Br.mewhat easier during the week. The next
e.-veral bank statements, therefore, are looked
forward to as important factors in the situa
tion and will be potential in their influence
In affecting fluctuations. The activity in trade
end the uses of money there still continue
a'l over the country, and this doubtless inter
feres with the flow of money to this center.
The low bank reserve for this season of "'
year Is ofTset by the general feeling that the
demand for funds upon New York for the mov
ing of the crops will be materially lessened
us compared with previous years, due to the
unusual supply- of money which has accumu
lated at all interior points. The uniformity
In the rates of Interest in the four great money
centers of the world at the present time rep
resents a condition of established relations
which is likely to be more or less permanent
Jn the future The ability to change this by
Kurope, so far as its being applied to this
country, has been checked, if not lost entirely.
by our growing increase in exports of manu
factured goods, together with our having taken
tli" immense quantity of American securities
from them during the past two years. The
unloading of these on the part of Europe was
not due to a want of confidence, but to two
oih»" better reasons—one being in part to set
tle a large trad • balance in our favor, and the
ether the high prices that these securities had
attained, which made it more profitable to sell
them out and reinvest at home.
•'Foreign exchange drawers have now com
ni»nr»d'to put out sixty-day (.ills against grain
shipments. This will keep the exchange rate
below the shipping point and removes any fur
ther apprehension of gold shipments for the
season which is a very favorable factor, as the
frequent rumors of late of gold shipments, and
the ff-ar thereof, have severely handicapped the
market."
WEATHER REPORT.
f!2oth Meridian —Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 26 -5 p. m.
Th* following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
K'ireka 58 Pan Diego 70
y T»f-ni\ ln" Sacramento Jjf
Lob tAngelea 82 Ind-pendence 96
Red Bluff 93 Tuir.a 106
San Luis Obispo.... 75
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
60: rc-.inirr.um, 52: mean, TS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
FSir wea-ther'.'prevalls over the Pacific Coist
FtrUe». while the weather is. partly cloudy over
the Rooky Mountain region and in Northern
Arizona. "Light showers and thunderstorms are
reported from tjie latter region.
The pressure has changed but little during
the past twenty-four hours, except a slight fall
over Northern Washington.
The temperature has fallen slightly over the
plateau region and remained stationary else
where.
.Conditions are favorable for generally fair
weather in California Thursday except partly
cloudy or foggy along the" coast In the morn-
Ing. ■
Forecast mnde at Pan Francisco for thirty
h^urs ending mWnlght, July 27. 1899:
■ Northern California—Fair Thursday, except
partly cloud-y or. foggy along the coast In the
jnnrriing: fresh-westerjy wind.
Southern' California —Fair Thursday, except
Tartly cloudy or fnp-gv along the coast In the
morning: fre?h westerly wind.
Nevada—Fair' Thursday.
Utah—Fair" .Thursday in north portion, partly
cloudy in southern portion, probably with
thunderstorms in the mountains.
Arizona—^Partly cloudy Thursday, probably
■wlth thunderstorms in the mountains of the
ii^rth portion.
Pan Frnne'.sco and vicinity —Fair Thurfflay.
except partly cloudy In th» ■ mine- fresh west
„ md G. H. WTLLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
: ■ "NEW TOtlK. July There was not much
•cfianire in the character of trading In securl
tl/lsVto-dn'y.i There wo? a period when the mar
ket made •'.some 1 show of strength In sympathy
with' an .upward movement In a ftroup of Indi
vidual stacks, but a violent slump In American
Malting 4 was sufficient to put an end to the
r'se and wipe out pretty much all of the pre
v'ous gain. General Klectric rose W z on the
opening quotation Pennsylvania showed signs
of strength early and there, was a conspicuous
absorption of Rock Island which Vas at
tributed to th« operation of a pool, Buying
from the name source was supposed to account
for the advance of l & In People's Gas and for
the vicrrous upward movement In the Gould
Southwest storks. St. Louis and Southwestern
issues were the most conspicuous as to activ
ity, the preferred rising 1 1 -;. Kansas and Texas
common advanced nearly a point, the preferred
about two points and Wabash preferred 1%. At
the same. -time the Chicago and Eastern 1111
--nois jun)Ded three points. Wall street's ex
planation was that St. Louis and Southwestern
■was to be acquired by the Chicago and Eastern
Illinois, and the combined properties then ab
poibcd by the Rode Island. President Edwin
Gould authorised a denial that he cu.-UemplateU
Eellinir his holdings In St I>ouls and Southwest
ern. Utterances to the sain.- pur: by Kock
Island officials wore published. About the same
time came disclaimers from the Offden Gas
Company Interests that they contemplated sell
ing out. to i'eojile's Gas, and People - Gas lost
practically all of its gain. There was a vio
lent break of svi in American Malting pre
ferred and 2"-i In the common, which completed
the unsettling of the market. Prices drifted
away to the lowest of the day and' were not
rriuch affected by a spurt in the. late dealing
In Lake Erie and Western, which rose on the
common l-~ and In the preferred I points.
American car preferred was also marked up
I. Sew York Central was decidedly heavy al!
day and lost over a point net. St. Paul, Minne
apolis and Sault Ste. Marie common was con
ppicuous for v rise of l^ and the preferred ad
vanced a point. The money market was in
clined to firmness, and there was some calling
of loans which necessitated a shifting, though
no great difficulty was found In securing ac
commodation. Much doubt is still felt as to
the extent of the demands which will be made
upon New York to move crops. Discounts in
London were further advanced and the Bank of
Fneland continued to buy cold In the open
mark- ' besides receiving consignments from
Germany, "sterling exchange in New York res
ponded with a fractional decline.
The Southwestern railroad mortgages showed
pome strength In sympathy with stocks, but
otherwise demands were dull and rather heavy.
Total sales, par value, $2.620,000.
United States threes coupon declined hi. but
the new fours registered advanced V* and the !
old fours registered % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid. i
590 Atchlson 1914 :
6.650 Atchlson prefd Cl'g
100 Baltimore .-. Ohio 47% |
Canadian Pacific 9'»% :
100 Canada Southern S3
100 Central Pacific &1%
1.7."0 Chesapeake <•■ Ohio 27\
900 Chicago Great Western 14 1 *
6,4.'0 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 136J4
Chicago. Ind & Louisville 10
1 Chicago, hi'! & Louisville prefd 41
I.GOO Chicago .v Eastern Illinois 75
Chicago £ Northwestern 160
12.525 Chicago. i; ..■ k Inland & Pacific 11- •>
| C C C & St Louis "S
! Colorado Southern 4%
I Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43' a j
; Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16% j
200 Delaware & Hudson 121% j
; Delaware, Lackawanna & Westernl.6B |
• 300 Denver & Rio Grande -i' = i
120 Denver & Rio Grande pretd 74 s g
' Erie l s '< ;
i Erie Ist prefd 35%
; 1,130 Great Northern prefd 164&
I Hocking Coal 14
1 Hocking Valley ' 21
! 1,666 Illinois Central H.
315 lowa Central 13
T'iO lowa Central prefd 53
| Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 7
9HO I-ake Erie & Western 1 •■>
■ 1,200 Lake Erie * Western prefd 77H
i . Lake Shore 201% I
! 3.685 Louisville & Nashville 73^ j
I 2.825 Manhattan L I' 7 ;- '
976 Metropolitan Street Railway 210»«. |
fiL'O Mexican ■■■■■•:.■ 14-%
1110 Minneapolis & St Louis 60%
]"0 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 89% I
4.210 Missouri Pacific 5.... 47%
1.000 Mobile & Ohio 46
600 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 12%
' 12,350 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 35 7 j
New Jersey Central 115% ]
! 10 7t>''t New York Central 139 V*
! 1.225 Norfolk & Western 20%
1.7!>0 Norfolk & stern prefd 70
2, 920 Northern Pacific 49'%
459 Northern Pacific prefd '''■'»
300 Ontario & Western 26
Oregon Ry & Navigation 40
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 75
10,240 Pennsylvania . — 1363j j
: Reading .' 20%
1.650 Reading Ist prefd 69%
700 Rending 2d prefd 32 1 *
Rio Grande Western 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 7S
400 St Louis & Pan Fran 10 3 s
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69%
.-i Louis & San Fran -1 prefd ■■- Si* 3 * j
8,635 St Ixmis Southwestern lfil ? i
' 23.6C0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 354
10.410 St Paul 131%
200 St Paul prefd 1744
200 St Paul * Omaha 108%
j 1,400 Southern Pacific ;u- v
100 Southern Railway .• 11%
1,000 Southern Railway prefd 51%
4. I'M) Texas & Pacific 22v*
1,600 Union Pacific ... v 43
2,400 .; Uni0n Pacific prefa 76
6.150 Wabash 7%
I Wabanh prefd 22
I Wheeling & Lake Erie 9% |
| Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd £3 T g
200 Wisconsin Central 149 i j
Express Companies —
: Adams 113 ;
American 138
United States 49
100 Wells Fargo 125
Miscellaneous —
I.SOO American Cotton Oil 42 I
450 American Cotton Oil prefd 82VJ j
2,0."j0 American Malting 15 I
I.C. r .O American Malting prefd €3 l i ;
SOO American Smelting & R 36V«
470 American Smelting & R prefd M i
, American Spirit i
American Spirits prefd ' 29
1.090 American Steel Hoop 31'-s
1,900 American Steel Hoop prefd 77
3.JM American Steel & Wire 65%
300 American Steel & Wire prefd 96
70i) American Tin Plate 3S
- American Tin Plate prefd 84%
2.f00 American Tobacco '■'"! |
American Tobacco prefd 141 i
710 Anaconda Mining Co 55
2,630 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 114% I
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron -t:! 1 * |
2,700 Continental Tobacco 41 i
800 Continental Tobacco i efd 51%
1,120 Federal Steel 37 1 -. ■
600 Federal Steel prefd SO |
2,295 Genera! Electric 124 j
235 Giucose Sugar 63 ,
Glucose Sugar prefd 10 !
110 International Paper 4«'«»
200 International Paper prefd 77?*
IGO Laelede Gas 31
300 National Biscuit 47"i
National Biscuit prefd 97 1 »ii
200 National Lead 30 |
! National Lead prefd 112
41) National Steel 50
275 National Steel prefd 9%
' New York Air Brake 200
200 North American 11
Pacific 'oast 38 |
1 Pacific Coast Ist prefd £4
I Pacific Coast 2d prefd 56
200 Pacific Mail 47% j
| 8,645 People's Gas 118%.
550 Pressed Steel Car 54%
240 Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
: Pullman Palace Car ISO I
750 Standard Rope & Twine 7' a !
5,7: • Sugar 150%!
Sugar prefd 118 !
3,125 Tennessee Coal £• Iron 69VS i
3'X> United States Leather 6 1 ; !
1,130 United States Leather prefd 71* 4
100 United States Rubber A'.>\
• United States Rubber prefd. » 115^4 !
3W Western Union 90% ■
1 254,900 shares sola.
CLOSING BONDS.
; U S Is reg 100% M X & T 4s 83% '
Do 3s 108V4 N V Central 15t5.,112 i
Do coup 108% N J Cent gen .121
U S new 4s reg 12ft' 4 North Carolina 65. 127% '■
Do coup 130 Do 4s 104 i
I D S old 4s reg 112% N P lsts 113
Do coup 113 Do 3s 67
|I' S 5s reg 111% Do 4s 103% '
Do coup 112% N V C & S L 4? .107% I
j District 3.65s 119 Nor & W con 45.. 94%
' Ala class A 5...109S ...109 Do gen 6s 135
Do B 109 Or Nay lsts 112
Do C 104' ; Do 4s 101% i
Do Currency .... 98 OS Line 6s 132 '
Atch gen 4s 101% Do con 5s 113 I
Do IJt 4s 85 Reading Gen 4s BS%
Canada So 2ds ....111% R Q W lsts 99
C & O 4'as 97% S L & I M Con 55. 114
' Do 5s 113 SL& S F Gen 65.124« i
IC & N Con 7s 345 St P Con I'd
Do deb 5s 122% St P C & P 15t5. ...122
Chicago Term 45. .100 Do 5s 121 T i
1 1 & R G lsts 166 So Ry Be 109%
Do 4s 100% Standard R & T 6s 85
: E T Va & ''.a 15t5.102% Term new set 3s .. 95
' .'■■ '■■ Gen 4s "'i, Tex & Pac lsts 115
Ft W & D C lsts. 79 Do 2ds 6*l
G/n Electric 55... .118 V V 4s 105%
' (7 il & S A 6s 110% Wabash lsts 117
Do 2ds 11l Do 2da 102% I
!H,vT Css I!"', West Shore 45.... 11 4% '
I Do Con 6s 112 jWis Cent Ists ..... 76 j
' lowa Cent Ists ....113% Va Centuries SG% j
jKCP &c, ists.... 61% Do deferred 8
La new con 4* ...MO6 'C & S 4s 89 i
I L & N Unl 43 ....100%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24 Ontario 6 73
Crown Point T> Ophir 1 05. ,
Con Cal & Va 2 05 Plymouth 10
Dead wood ...-. 6U -.silver 2 10
Gould & Curry if.' Do prefd 800 |
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 55 ]
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 50 I
. Iron Sliver 50 Union Con 32 I
Mexican 52 Yellow Jacket XI j
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land %
Call loans 3 @4 West End 95
Time loans 3%@4% Westingh Elec ... F0
Stocks — . Bonds —
A T 4 St Fe 19% Atchison 4s 100%
Do prefd CV- A Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 156% Adventure 9*4
Do prefd 118 Allouez Mm C 0... 7%
Bell Tel 350 Atlantic 30
i Boston & Albany. .26s ' Boston A M0nt. ..366 t
I Boston L 1104 Butte & Boston 78% .
Boston & Maine. ..2o4 Calumet & Hecla..Sl". '
I Chi Bur & Q 13G 1 .; Centennial 33%
lEd Elec 111 200 Franklin 19
i Fitchburg prefd 117% Humboldt 2
■i Gen Electric V 4 :Osceola 88
Fed Steel 67% Parrott 82«4
. I Do prefd JO Quincy 161
Mexican Cent 15 : Santa Fe Copper .. 13
Mich Tel 98 'Tamarack 220
Old Colony 205 Wlnona 12
I Old Dominion 38 ! Wolverines 45%
.Union Pacific .... 43 Utah 44
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were stagnant to-day except
for the continued booming of Westralians.
Americans were forgotten. Contanjoes were
stiff,, being 6 per cent and half extra for the
new stamp duty. On some Btocka even 7 i«r
cent was demanded. Rates on foreign storks
were also exceptionally stiff. The explanation
I? the lar^e amount withdrawn on account of
tHe Westralian boom, It is expected here that
the bank will raise its minumum discount rate
to-morrow to 4 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 26.— Canadian Pacific, 89%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 7!">4; Union Pacific
preferred. 79; Atchison. 20%: Grand Trunk, 7 7 %;
Anaconda, 11%. Bar Silver, quiet, 27 11-16 d.
Money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15. 19 barrels; exports, 6393. Fairly active,
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 275,675 bushels; exports,
16,661. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77% ct. o. b.
I afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 790 f. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 hard Duluth. 82V4c f. o. b.
to arrive; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator. Options
opened steady on cables. The demand from
shorts was stimulated chiefly by hot weather
news In spring: wheat States. At the close
the tone was llrm and prices %(5?%c net ad
vance. July, 76%@76%c, closed 76% c; Septem
ber, 76 5-165.76T4C, clossd 76% c; December, 78 7-16
@79c, closed 7s%c.
"HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL—
METALS— In a general way there were no
Important changes In the metal market. Tin,
THE SAJN r FBAJNCISCO UALL, THUKSUAr, JUL.r L' 7. 1S!»!K
however, continued to hold a firm relation to j
■ ral list and advanced 50 points,
unsettled, as officially quoted on the exchange,
"LAKE^OPPER-Flnn at *M 60.
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at 514.
LEAD-Quiet; $4 65@4 57%. The brokers' price
for lead was $4 35 and for copper $18 50.
SPELTER Quiet' $6 20.
COFFEK— Options' closed ■ firm. Sales, 4000
bags including: August, $4 35; November,
J4 65 January. $4 95; May. $5 15. Spot coffee-
Ri, dull and weak; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c; No. . j
. . r,-- 4 <-; mild, quiet.
refined, steady
BUTTER— Receipts, 1816 packages. Western
creamery. !s@lSc: factory. ll<&ll%c and ir-
EGGS— Receipts, 8614 packages. Dull and ir
regular; Western, 10@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO July 26.— Wheat started strong at
-,-..„,. gradually rose to 71% c, an advance of I
y,c over yesterday's close. The strengthen. ng .
influences were strong. Liverpool cables con- j
tlnued in light receipt with unfavorable crop
advices from the Northwest, where hot winds i
were «aid to have Inflicted a good deal of in- I
jury on growing wheat. After the first buy- :
ing" rush was over, however, trade became dull
am! September sagged back to 71% c. The de
cline as helped by weakness at Paris and
the aliened splendid outlook of the French]
crop. While reports of damage to spring wheat j
were very numerous, yet there wore enough
promising a good crop in the aggregate to make <
traders cautious. The lack of Inquiry /or cash
wheat was another reason for the majority ot j
traders electing to await further developments.
The range amounted to only %c during the eu
tire ™"« si on, with a trade of a professional
character and nine-tenths of It of a local char- ,
acter. September closed at 71%0.
Reports of possible damage from heat ana
lack o^ rain strengthened corn. September ,
E^\ n KOod" S d'emand from shorts caused a rally in
oats early, but this was all lost In later profit
taking, closins unchanged. ;
Large receipts of hogs and lower prices at the :
yards weakened provisions. Selling on stop- •
ioss orders was again a feature. On the break ,
packers took held freely and part of the de
cline was recovered. September pork lost 12%
@15c, lard 6@7%C. and ribs 7%0.
The leading futures ranged as follows.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Ju1^'^.V.?:.. ...... 70% ™?i WH 70%
September 71% 71% 71 .i .1% j
December 73*, 73% 73' «3% j
So :. 2 Z J2H 82% -m* %y
ber 32' 8 32-H 32 .i.-» ,
May - ::::: 31% 32% 31H 32%
Ju^v tS Nc :. 2 M u% » »
September 19% 19% 1?% »H
December 20 20% 20 20 :
May .. 21% 22% 21% 22
Mess Pork, per barrel—
September. 876 8 52% 8.65 8 77% ;
October 8 SO 8 S5 8 80 8 80
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 35 5 40 5 35 5 3d
October 5 42% 545 640 540
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— :
September 510 515 6 07% 6 O,Mi
October 615 , 5 17% 6 12% 6 12% !
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 Fpring wheat, 70%^71%e; !
No. 3 spring wheat 66%@70c; No. 2 red. 72f? i
72'^c; No. 2 corn, 32' ■ " 12 lie; No. 2 oats, 24' a) |
24% c; No 2 white, 24«j26c; No. 3 white, 22V® j
26c; No. 2 rye. r.l%c; No. 2 barley, 32@40c; No. j
1 flaxseed 97% c; prime timothy seed, $2 40;
mess pork, per barrel. $«65fiS70; lard, per 100
pounds. J3 274115 37%; short rib sides, loose.
$4 95@5 15; dry salted shoulders, boxed, 6%@
6%cT short clear sides, boxed, $5 25.Q5 35;
sugar, cut loaf, 6.02 c; granulated, 5.50 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 26,000 15.000
Wheat, bushels 12.000 14.^00
Corn, bushels 60.700 270.000
Oats bush 459,000 266,00(
Rye,' bushels 6.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 19,000 1,500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13%@17c; dair
ies. 12'iil.""ic. Eggs w<?ak; fresh, 11^12c.
Clieese, tame; creams, S%'S9c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 7% 6 6^ 5 10T4
Closing- 6 7% 5 9% 6 11
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Sept. -Dee.
Opening 20 10 1) 41
Closing 2000 20 50
Flour —
Opening 43 75 2S 15
Closing 43 35 27 85
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit at auction to-day, realizing th« following
prices:
CHICAGO, July 26.— Kelsey Plums, single
crates, ?1 '^1 75. average $1 49; Tragedy
Prunes, :- ■■ crates, $I@l 30. average $1 20;
Simonl Prunes; average $1 50; German Prunes,
single crates, average Jl 26: Purple I mane
Plums, single crates, average $1 15; Peach
Plums, single crates, $1 11; Washington Plums.
single crates, average fl 22; Satsuma Plums,
Bingle crates, average 51 10; Red Nectarines,
single crates, average $1 11; Bartlett Pears,
boxes $1 90®2 05, average $1 97; Early Craw
ford Peaches, b i.xos. average $1 03; Foster. Jl 03:
St John 95c. Eleven cars sold.
BOSTON, July 26.— Decker Peaches, boxes,
average $1 11: Early Crawford Peaches, boxes.
Jsc@sl 20. average $1 01 : Foster Peaches, aver
age $1 03; Bartlett Pears, boxes. $1 5002 05.
average $1 76; Diamond Plums, single crates.
Jl 50; Tragedy Prunes, single crates. $1 103
1 40, average Si 2C.
PHILADELPHIA, July 26— Burbank Plums.
single crates $: 20@l 75, average Jl 20: Trag
edy Prunes single crates. $10110, average
Jl 05 1 Foster Peaches, boxes, average Jl ; Hale's
Early Peaches, boxes, "■•■(s! 10, average Jl . St.
Jnhn Peaches, boxes. 70@95c, nverage S9c: Yel
low Free Peaches, boxes. 60t?95c: German
Prunes, single crates. Jl@l 10, average Jl 03.
Four cars sold. _"'».'■■'',.
NEW YORK July 26.— Foster Peaches, boxes.
average $i 08;' Early Crawfords. boxes, gOctf?
jl 15 average 94c; Bartlett Pears, boxes, SI 35
<n\ 95, average $1 73; Tragedy Prunes, single
crates, Jl l.^l 30. average $1 22.
MONTREAL, July 26.— Tragedy Prunes, sin
gle crates. Jl 20ft\ 85, average Jl 2S; Kelsey
Plums •single crates, average Jl 65; Bartlett
Pears, boxes, $1 Bo@2, average $1 86; Early
Crawford Peaches, boxes. 00c?? Jl 20, average
Jl OS; Foster Peaches, boxes, average Jl 03. Two
cars sold.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 26.— CATTLE— was a
good slaughtering demand for choice cattle to
day from local packers and Eastern shippers at
strong prices. The common lots were hard to
dispose of and prices for such were barely
steady a the recent decline. Good to fancy
grades brought J.": 25@5 BO; commoner lots, ii 25
frt'i 20- atockera and feeders. J3-S4 75; cows,
heifers and bulls, $2 50@5 10; Western feeders.
$4 60@5 00, Texas steers, $3 60©5 20; calves, J3 25
(56 50.
HOGS— Trade in hoes was slow and prices
suffered a further break of sc. Fair to choice
lots J4 v M 50; heavy packers, $4 05@4 37%;
mixed $4 25@4 50; butchers, U 20@4 50; lights,
$4 35ft 4 65; pigs, $3 76@4 55. . ...
SHEEP— The market for sheep was fairly ac
tive at about former prices. Poor to prime
sheep. J3lis 35; rams. J2 60@3; ewes. J3 75@4 &0;
yearlings. M 50*5 80; lambs J4®6 65 a few
fancy lots bringing $6 90, the highest price paid
for some time.
Receipts— Cattle, 14.000; hogs, 35.000; sheep,
13,000.
__— — —
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July 26.— Thei American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool trade:
The wool market continues strong and there
Is still a good volume of business In progress.
Manufacturers, however, have not purchased
during the past week quite as freely as pre
viously, although the transactions of the week
aggregated more than an average week's bur.i
ness amounting to over 7,000,000 pounds, One
feature in the situation Is the fact that the
buying is now almost wholly for consumption,
speculation being less of a factor in the trad?
I than for several weeks. The larger portion of
the business done during the past we?k has
been In territory wools, as usual, although
there was a good demand for fine Australian
wool, but as has been previously observed, the
market is pretty well cleaned up of this class
of wool.
The Bales of the week at Boston amounted 1o
6 54i»,0«) pounds domestic and 722,000 pounds for
• eign, making a total of 7,271,000. against a total
■ of 10,164, 500 for the previous week, and a total
' of 4i875.000 for the corresponding week last
year.. Bales since January 1, lsi». amounted to
167,047,000 pounds, against €5,993.810 pounds last
year at this time.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 26. — Consols, 106%; silver,
27 11-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 25c: wheat cargoes
off ast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quieter and hardly any demand; Eng
lish country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL, July 26.— Wheat, firm; No. 1,
Standard California, 6s Id; wheat In Paris,
dull; flour In Paris, dull; French country mar
kets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 1, Northern, firm, 5s lid;
No. 2. red Western winter, firm, f.s 9d. Futures
| —Steady; July, os 7%d; September, 5s 9%d; De
i cember, Bs lid.
CORN— Futures— Steady: July, 3s 4d; Septem
ber, 3s 4', a d; October, 3s 4%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
i PORTLAND, Or., July Clearings, $201,735;
i balances, $27,626.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., July Wheat— Walla
Walla, 57c; Valley, 5Sc; Bluestem. 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. July 26.— Wheat continues
dull and weak at 66c for Club and 59c for Blue
stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
5-terltns Exchange, CO days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS'-i
Bterling Cables — 4 B»Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12Vfe
Mexican Dollars 494
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60Vi
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was not much change at Chi
cago, though the general range of 'prices was
Fl.ightly higher. Advices from the Northwest
were favorable for a good yield. The general
movement is falling off. but the demand is
poor.
In the middle of the session the market Im
proved, in sympathy with an advance la Corn,
due to dry weather and hot winds in Kansas
and Nebraska, and the Northwest started in
to buy freely, but the local talent fought the
advance. Subsequently the market quieted
down, as the weather was reported better all
over the West.
The local market continued dull and un-
Spot Wheat— Shipping $105@l 07%: milling.
$1 OS^iGl 12%.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
20.000 ctls. $1 13%.
Second session— No Bales.
Regular Morning Session December— 4ooo ctls,
SI 13*6; 20,00n, $1 is%.
Afternoon Session -December— 2ooo ctls, $1 13*1,:
6000. $1 13%.
BARLEY- Futures were weak, but the spot
market was unchanged. There was more busi
ness on call.
}■>•-' 1 new, So@9sc: Brewing. S7»4c®sl 02%:
old Brewing, $1 K.'.jl 10; Chevalier, $1 12V&@1 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. E7%c; 4000. 5 7\c. 2000, 88c; 2000, BSUc.
Second Session — No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— Seller '03. new—
Goro •:- B5%o; 2 ■■■ c ' 86 Vic: 12,000, 85^c. Decem
ber— 87%o; 2000, S7%c „."
Afternoon Session— December— l6.ooo ctls, 87% a
OATS— The market is quieter at unchanged
prices. New white are Felling at $1 25@1 40,
and new red at $1 071461 15 per ctl.
CORN— round Yellow, $1 " p '" ' 35; Ea|tt
ern large Yellow, $1 10<??l 15; White. $1 10-31 15;
mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 17V|
li 1 22H.
RYE— New i!« quoted at 9O'S92M:C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40*53 55; Oregon
and Washington, 13 40©3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25&3 40 for bakers' and $2 251?3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50;
extra cream Cornmral. 13 25; Oatmeal, 14 50©
4 75: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2.vff3 B0;
Buckwheat Flour, >4@4 26; Cracked Wheat.
13 75- Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 oO;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 53'aO 95; in sacks,
JS 35®6 75; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 oO;
Green Peas, $5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings show rather more firm
ness at unchanged quotations.
Hay continues dull and weak. The. circular
of Somers & Co. says:
"Receipts for the week are very nearly 4400
tons of Hay, or half as much again as for the
week preceding. This makes an average of
over 700 tons a day. which Is about twice as
much as our market ordinarily consumes. This
increase In shipments has hurt the market
badly, and matters are in about as bad shape
here as we have ever seen them before.
"Each day of heavy receipts finds the mar
ket from 25c to 60c per ton lower, and we find
it more difficult each day to effect sales even
in the face of the decline In prices. Buyers are
of the opinion that the present range of prices
will be considerably lowered it shipments con
tinue as they have for the week or two past.
We trust that shippers will hold back for a
bit, so as to allow the market to be cleaned
up and some slight reaction " set In.
"When the market comes down with a run.
as it has been doing, there seems to be no
stopping it. except to shut off the receipts.
Price* right now are below the actual cost of
production in many Instances, although this
seems to cut no figure with the consuming ele
ment here. All available warehouse room Is
being engaged wherever there is hay, and from
all reports we understand there will be a large
surplus that must seek a market before the
rains We therefore feel little encouragement
concerning the immediate future of the mar
ket but believe that for the next two or three
months we will see a very low range of prices
"The markets In the southern part of the
State have been Investigated somewhat, and we
find that in the chief southern market. Los
Angeles, hay Is selling for but a slight ad
vance over San Francisco prices, thus preclud
ing any possibility of relieving our market here
by shipments South. We hope to see that sec
tion of country come to us In the winter for at
least a portion of their supply, but San Fran
cisco will meet with sharp competition from
Arizona and Texas. This idea of a southern
market is somewhat indefinite at present. We
hope to be more thoroughly advised in the
matter later on.
"The dealers here are doing what they can
to run the market on a firmly established basis,
believing It to he to the Interest of all con
cerned, producer and consumer alike. Ex
tremely low prices work a hardship on the con
sun by encouraging competition, while the
injury to the producer need not be discussed.
BRAN— SI 6 ■'■' ■'" '■' 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $L'7fi2B; jobbing.
J2S ;,Mi29- Cocoanut Cake, $20®21; Cornmeal.
$23 50^24 50; Cracked Corn, $24®25 Mixed Feed.
$15(glG Cottoi ■■•■ I Meal. J24fi26 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7@B 60 for good and $ r "iT9 25 for
choice; Wheat and Oat. '■ 50@8; Oat $5 50«7^5:
Barley. $5@7; Island Barley, $5@6; Alfalfa, $j$
7 50 per ten.
STRAW— 2O@4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beyond a fractional advanc* in Pink Beans,
quotations show no change.
BEANS -Bayos, $1 90®2; Small White. J2 or.-gi
2 16; Large White. $1 70@l 80; Pinks. $2 30(5:2 40;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye, i* 1094 16; Butters,
nominal; Limas. $4 1094 16; Pea, $2 1002 25;
Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl. " ' _ „
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary S*">d,
2»ic per Ib; Alfalfa, B%®9V4c; Rape, B@S^c;
Hemp. 4%@4%c; Timothy. 4%«5%c. „ ■; „
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25iil 60; Green. $1 5f
(g2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Th» decline In Tomatoes continues. Com Is
lower. The other vegetables continue in their
; usual ample supply and cheap.
Onions are still firm at a slight advance. Po
tatoes are about the same.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. $I®l 15; Early
Rose 76c@$l; Burbanka, 76c4fjl 15 per ctl In
sacks and,sl<sl 40 in boxes.
; ONIONS— 75~@85c per ctl for Sllversklns.
VEGETABLES—^Asparagus, 76c@$l 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75@2 25 for fancy; Green
Peas, . ■•ii : • ■ per Ib; String Beans, 2 1 * 2 <(i'4c: Lima
Beans. sc'; Cabbage .'<•■".• Tomatoes, 25@50c
per small box; Rivers, 60c@$l; Stockton. 75c;
Egg Plant, 75c@$l; Green Okra, 50@75c per
box; Garlic. 2#3c; Green Peppers, 2.">«75c for
Chile and 75c@$l per box for Bell; Carrots, 30®
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, l2"^@2Sc; Pickles,
75c; Summer Squash, 15925 c; Marrowfat
Squash 16@20c per ton: Green Corn, 50c®$l per
sack for Vaoavllle. $1 2nfrl 50 per crate for Ala
meda and 50<@75c for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 13!??14o for Tur
keys, $3 75@5 for Ducks, $1 25 for Geese. $6@
I 6 r,O for Hens, $f, 60@6 for old Roosters, $5 for
I Fryers and $3 76@4 for Broilers.
I Local stock continues dull, and the receipts
from the East keep the market weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l2^c for Gob
blers and 11@12%c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
L6(gilßc Geese, per pair. $I@l 25; Goslings^ $125
(til 50; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 60@5 for
! young; Hens. $4 r»' r-r. 50; young Roosters, $5(3)
' 6; old Roosters. $4 25@4 50; Fryers. SI-/1 50;
! Broilers. $"''(4 for large, $2 5003 for small:
I Pigeons, $1 50@1 75 per dozen for old and Jl &0@
i 1 75 for Squabs.
j GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The situation In Butter remains precisely the
same. Those dealers who are heavily stocked
| or who have contracts are quoting 20c, while
. those who are not tied up by contracts and
I whose stocks are not heavy are quoting 21c.
' Close buyers can fill their wants at the lower
! figure.
Cheese rules firm, though the market is not
brisk. Eggs are steady and unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creamery, 20c, with pales
! higher; seconds, 19c.
Dairy— Fancy. 17%®18c; good to choice, 160
17c; store. 14<815c per tb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9'®9%c; old, 8®
S'.-ic; Young America, 9M:@loc; Eastern, 13@16c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@19c for store and 20«J
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18H620C for
selected, 16@17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
| oii'ls.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
! The carriers are paying the following prices:
i Peaches, $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
i cots, $30043 per ton, according to size and qual
j ity and district; Bartlett Pears, J40@30 per ton;
j Green and Yellow Plums, $15@25 per ton.
Yesterday's market was tame and devoid of
feature. The river boat came -in very late.
which caused a weak feeling and left consid
erable stock on hand. Prices for all descrip
tions showed no marked changes.
DECIDUOUS fruits—
Apples, 35c@$l per box; Crabapples, 35@40c
per small box.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $2 50^4 10 per chest:
Strawberries. Js@6 per chest for small and $1 50
J 62 50 for large berries; Raspberries. $3 50@5 pet
chest;- Logan berries, 17010 per ch-M . K«o!
berries, 10c per lb.
Watermelons. Jf."720 per 100. , M „,.
Cantaloupes, 40(7160c per box and V MO* I w r r
crate; Nutmegs, 50ctf$l 78 I"' 1 ''"* n
per crate. black and whlt». 7&o P<r box and
Grapes, black and white, 76c p-r DOT
75ciiil 23 per crate.
Currants, $4if6 per chest. , ze;
Pears, 25@50c .per. box. according to pi*
Bartletts. 75cjrJ1 25 per box. . r0
Nectarines. 25@50c per box for whit* nna bu
"fW.' 11 "— ''for single and $1 2501 M per bo«
for double layers of black and 85c for wnn
Apricots, 35090 c per box. . _
Peaches, 20@50c per box and 15@25e p*r ban
k- *
Plums. 850600 per box; Prunes, fc -■■'■■ per
CITRUS FRUITS— Orange*. $2©4;
Lemons, 75c@Jl 50 for common and $■-'«•• >" v
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4'(M GO; Cali
fornia Limes. per small box: Bananas,
SI :>oni2 60 per bunch; Pineapples. $192 50 per
dozen.
DRIED 7RUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for new Prunes Is opening slow
ly. There have been several rumored small
sales of Santa. Claras on the basis of 3'4c for
the four sizes, but the market has stiffened
up since then, and none can now be obtained
under 3%c. There is considerable uncertainty
regarding the sales at 3>-ic, end nobody seems
to know who made them, nor for what pur
pose, as this is a pretty low figure for Prunes
this year, when the crop is very small all
over the world, except here In California. It
Is probable, however, that they were either
forced or made to affect the opening prices.
Peaches and Apples continue weak, but
Apricots continue very firm, with an upward
tendency.
DRIED FRUTTS (Old Crop)— Prunes. «He for
40-60*8, 5c for 50-00' s. 4c for 60-70' c, S%#S%c for
7(i-sO - s. 2\<TiZ\ic for 80-90's. 2^@2%c for 90-100" ■
and 2@2'4c for ICO-llO's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks, S%c for 10-50' s, 5Hc for 50-60' S, 4Vic per
lb for M-70'l 3»ic for 70-SO's. 3Vi@3Hc for 80-91*9
and 2%@3c for ?0-100's: Apricots. Sifllc for Roy
als and HVi'S'lSHc for Moorparks; Peaches. 7Vi<?fl
T'-..c; Evaporated Apples, 7H@Sc; Sun-dried, 5V2
':'■■ per '.! ; Nectarines, B®7c per lb.
RAISINS— S^ic for two-crown. 4»ic for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 4 1^'SCe «or Seedless
Sultanas. 3Hc for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for London layers: Dried Grapes, 2»i's'3c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s®Bc for hardshell, incite
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
new crop. 7'4c for Languedoc and Sic for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6W7c for Eastern and ihs
(g.'c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll"4c for bright and li' 3 c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7"-i@7Hc;
light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dari;, SV4C
per lb.
BZ3SWAX— 26® 27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Another advance In Eastern Hams in re
ported. California Hams are largely nominal,
as there are very few on the market. Other
descriptions are unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, BHc per lb for
heavy, 999% c for light medium, lla for ll^ht.
12.c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-^-ured Hams. 13>-£@l4c; Califor
nia Hams, 12@13c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, Jli^lS 50;
extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 50;
mess. $13@16 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5?4c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure,
7^ c; io-lb tins, SUe: 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLKNE — Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 ibs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case. 9Vic;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, Svic; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, SHe; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, 8»ic; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7 T y r ; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, s'-.'-; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7 T a c. half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10@10%c; medium, 9@S^c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
1 «■; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
! 13c; dry Kip and Veal, 18c; dry Calf, 17c;
[ Sheepskins, shearlings. 2(>S3oc each; short
Wool. Ssf;Coc each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
90c}i$l tO'each: Horse Hides, salt. J2ig2 25 for
1 large and $1 2S@l 50 for small: Colts, 25@60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c ; per Ib; No.
2, 3@3%c; refined, ; grease. 2<g)2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and South
ern, 7 months. 8©llc; Foothill and Northern
free, llW14c: Foothill and Northern defective,
| 9ftllc; Nevada, ll@14c; San Joaquln Foothill
i free io@l2c; do defective, S@9c; Humboldt and
I Mendocino, 16Htri8c; Valley Oregon. I7@18c;
I Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9@HH.c
i for fair to good.
! HOPS— crop, 15@17%C per lt>; 1893 crop.
lC'/i@l3c bid and refused.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6c; "Wool Bags.
j 2G@2So; San Quentln Bags, nominal.
i COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
j ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
! Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, -$7 50;
•Scotch. $S; Cumberland, $9 In bulk and $10 50
' In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $' per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
LUMBER — Cargo prices have been advanced
; $1 on rough and $2 on clear and uppers. The de
| maml is reported active.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
! pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-Tb bags:
I Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5%c;
Powdered, .'Sc; Candy Granulated, 'V; Dry
: Granulated. .<■>,,.■; Confectioners' A. 3'^c; Cali
fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4^c;
: Golden C, 4'_. c. barrels. l-16e more; half-barrels,
Uc mi re; boxes, ''-• more; 80-tb bags. '-ie more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, 6%c; boxes,
6^iic per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market stands the same.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per Ib for Steers and 6Vs@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— SfflOc per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c: Ewes, 6Ho per Ib.
LAMB— Re per !t>.
PORK- Live Hogs, 5%@5%0 for small, 6o for
medium and sH@s%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 6%e; dressed Hogs, 7@B>4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. For Wednesday, July 26.
I Flour, qr sks 11.175 Middlings, sks... 637
Wheat, ctls 1,306 Sugar, sks LBSS
Barley ctls 84,728 Chicory, sks 45
("its. ctls 1,880 Sugar, bbls 6,03'>
Corn, ctls. East. 800 Chicory, bbls 5
Cheese, ctls 266 Hay, tons '■ 548
Tallow, ctls 22 Straw, tons 40
• Butter, ctls 883 Wool, bags 230
, Ktrps doz 26.4H0 Raisins boxes 91
Beans. sk« 1.200 Wine, gals 15,000
Potatoes sks 721 Leather, r0115.... 91
Onions, sks 357 Pelts, bdls 35
Bran sks 1.088 Hides, no 150
OREGON.
I Flour, qr ska 1,758| <
. ♦ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jeremiah Haggerty to Daniel Ke»fe. lot on
W line of Potrero avenue. 20 N of Twenty-third
Btreet, N 25 by W mo; $10.
Ann Caverley tv Annie T. ""allahan fCavrrley
! or Caverly), 1"' on NW corner of w-uiejo and
M mtKomery streets, W 117H by N «2:fi; 110.
Amanda and Mary E. Kaelntz to same. lot
on N line of Vallejo street, 117:4 \V t>r Mont
gomery street, N 44:6 by E 20:2; $10.
Annie T. Callahan (Caverley or Gaverljr) to
Giovanni Plcettl, lot on N'W corner of Vallejo
ami Montgomery streets, N 37::> t>y W 56:2; $10.
Same to Giovanni Ferrari, lot on N line of
Vallejo street. f.6:2 \V of Montgomery. \V 20
bj N 62:6; $10.
Same to Giovanni and Annie Brueato and
Antonio ("erentato. lot on W line of Montgom
kreet, 37:'J N of Vallejo, N 24:9 by W 56:2;
$10.
Edward McTWnan to H. C. and C. A. Ben
nett, lot <>n BW line of Harriet K'llnton) street,
200 N'W ol Brannan, N'W 2.". by SW 80; $10.
Albert Meyer to James A. Rutherford, lot on
E line of Twelfth avenue, 250 N of I street, N
2.". by E 120; $10.
Arinte J. and Frederick W. El worthy to
Albert M. Whittle, lot on X line of O street.
82 6 •'. f Eleventh avenue. Eon by N r 100: $10.
William J. Sullivan t<> City and County of
F),n Francisco, lot on SW corner of Arlington
and Charles streets, W 120, S 11:5. E to Arling
ton, N 12:10%, lot 13. block 16, Fairmount, do
i nnted m widen Charles street; $1.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company to same,
lot on N corner of Charles street and W line
of right nf way of said railroad, NE to point,
thence N ah rot 7 feel from railroad track to
5 line of Randall street, grant or right of way
and easement; $1.
Catherine or Marie B. Russell to
Karojlne Schweitzer, lot on SW line of Cotter
250 NW of Mission. NW 2.". by SW '.<■■:
block ■' Academy Tract; $1. This deed is ;ui
th irized by an attached decree in estate of
Catherine Russell, No. 2L257.
Alameda County. ,
Lars G. and Eline A. Larsen to William
Joerndt, l"t on NB corner of Francisco and
Curtis streets, E 35 by N 135 :t>. Curtis Tract,
Berkeley; $330.
\ A. Fink to Elizabeth Slumiiff, lot 23,
bl M-k rt2. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $10.
Henry Z. Jones. Maria L. Ross. Jones. Allen
6 t"o. (a corporation). Tartaro Takoka«a. K.
ii Hendrlcks, C. Hirscb, Leander Shores,
Anna Kountz. J. R. L. Jones, Walter R. lease,
J 11. Lavenson and Catherine C. Matheweon
immlssloner) to Rebecca M. Bodecker,
I lots 16 to 24, 27 to 29, block l. AJlendale Tract:
al-o all of block 3. same, except lots 21 and
22; also lots 21 to 27, block 4. same; also all of
block 5. ;-ame; all Of block 6. except lot 8,
same; lot 12, block 11, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; $
Amelia S. and James E. I>amon to Mary E.
Wilkinson (wife of It), lot on W line of Fourth
avenue. 153.73 S of Hudson street. S 161.25 by
W 221.50, being lot 7, block L, Vernon Park,
ilaria Bluiile to Martha D., W. S. and J. R.
i Dickinson lot on S corner of First avenue and
! riifton street, SW 100 by PE 100. being lots 12
anl 13, Locksley Square, Oakland: IS.
Leon and Nellie Carru to David J. Lynch, lot
on W line of Market street. 89 S of Twenty
sixth. S Why W 125. block 526, Oakland; $7SO.
Susati Rhorer to Josephine A. Velslr. lot on
N line of Eighth street, 27:6 W of Henry. W
j 29:6 by N 70, portion lots 1 and 4, block 655,
,;il.l - property, ""-I. 1. «u»-J«ot to mortgage.
'";":'"'„„ !,!".mi,i.,,m *<*• .-- * William 11.
Irwin i"t "•' NJD eonwr of 1 odd and Baker
'I, . .; 10 IBS b) N 132. being lots 9. 10 and 11
„ ,l V ha« of lot 12, block r. ..■...■.. i-d map of
1 v Crawford Tract, ■ iakla»d ■<■■■
•  ,,. 1,.,,. R. Todtroan'to '■• ■■ n Carrau; lot on
W in- Of Market B ti«t, m H of Twenty-iilxtn,
l^^lidlSpfetKoration) ,0
■ : ',  1 nd ■' Pinj '■' corporation) to
M .; ' tawing, 10l .... N IIM ol Thirl
, ., -.;,, 3 v ul West, v\ " by N 2
1',:.!,, 23 M...-X M, map of property of Central
rfnds Coniimny. Oakland! ul*» l"t «>n N line
,'■ I, f r Ktrr-t. 886:3 KOf Market. E6O
1 v r'o-3 elng .t 27 bl.-.-k M. name tract,
llV ,^ ?. .lv, l.t " I.T.M-k <•, xurne tract with
? x a «Wn "Oakland -aIH. M on VV «.W
I \ L r-.t 120:3 N of Tl.ir(y-f""rtli, N 40, W
Ssi s 40 V ir t > beginning, beini the H por
., ■ tu,t 3 block •>. name, Oaklan I also
1."t % the F. 30 root : of 101 '•' .nd W2O feet Of
" 11 1 ,ck II name, Oakland: $10.
TJoiii ii 1 «nd Mary •»• WaUh to I^o L
Ha ss® tea s^ggsSSsL
T 1 ; ' n u'w ■ ' WiattScS -i.-t at dlvldln,
Temescal i,\ ■'{■■{', f nl *,nvJ • tract. Oakland; $10
Fitch & Sharon Tract. Alameda: IIP.
THE STUCK MARKET.
Beenrltfea .ere only moderate!* £££! 3
morning session, and the only *«*£*£"
worthy of note was. an advance In Contra
Costa Water to $79. with a subsequent weak
"M ?«er^>on Hawaf.an Comment sold .
most of them showed a slight advance The §
telegram from the pump sa.d. At 6 .» »i« ,
morning the water was down 11 feet ' cX ™™£ r t
below the 1950-foot level station. Th*«l« R tor ,
has been working regularly and discharging m !
much -water as ever. The rise must be due to
some inflow of water from some ™ n ™£ i
source, as there Is no Increase In the flow from ,
rYo^dT Curry delinquent sale takes '
P The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass »
Valley has declared a monthly dividend of 20 .
cents per share, amounting to } ; '"■"•'• „,*„„* of
The Alaska-Tread well's <l«arterly , dl^ c " C L. r f
37% c per share and the Alaska-Mexican « quar
teriy dividend of 10c per share will be paid on |
the 2Sth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. 1
WEDNESDAY, July 26—2 p. m. '
Bid.Ask. | Bid. Ask. <
Bonds— Mutual El Co. — I:> 4
Is quar c0up. .112 — i Oakland Gas.. 47'; is
Is quar reg... — — Fae Gas Imp.. '-'• —
4s quar new.. — — Pac LCo 41Vz —
!s quar coup.. — 109 V* S VG & E .- —
Miscellaneous— Ban Fran 3' 2 3* 4
Cal-st Cab as. 115 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55. ..11 l — I Insurance !
EL& P6s 130^ — Firem's Fund. 22o —
f & Cl Ry 68.116V118 ■ Bank Stocks— ;
Qeary-st R Ba. — 95 Ang!o-Cal .... — IB7H ;
HC & S 5%5.107\4 - Bank of Ca1.. .88444290 ;
L A Ry 55....106ii10G% ':.! 9 D & T.. - 98 ;
LAL Co 65.. 'J9 — First Nat10n1.225 230 \
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon I' &A. 129% —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 18
Market-st (i 5.. .127 — Nev Nat 8k...152 — ■
Do Ist M 05.116 116%! Savings Bank"— J
SCN G R Ts.lin — Ger S & L..1630 —
N Ry Cal e=..mUll4 Hum S & I*loso 1160 '
NH of Cal ss. — 114% Mutual Say.. — 42^
XP C R 6s. — — IS F Say U.. 500 —
XPC R R 53.105 — '5 & L 50.... — 85
N Cal X R 58.111 — Security SB— 300
'< >: I; & II .Is. lll — Union T Co.. — 1460
Oak Transt 65. 110 110% Street Railroads— '
Om C Ry 65...126 1 California ....116 —
££o^ y . 6 ?:m"= 3gsafiK«-::::S s* '
Powell -ft 65.. .118 12^HPak Sl.& H. — -
' Sac El Ry 58. — — I Presidio — 16
S F & N P 58.118% — 1 Powder—
SF & S JV5s. 114^115 California .... — —
Sierra R Ca165.108% - : : Dynamite - 95
8 Pof A 65...111U - Glant , Con Co. i2S '■' '
S P C 68(1905). 112 112*i|UKorlt 2»* 3
S p c 68(1906)! - 114% Sugar
c p c 6s<m2) — 122% Hana P C 0.... — li% |
\t PC la eels — 107% Haw C & S C. 99 100%
§P Br 65. . " — l"" ; -"- Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
S V Wat 65.... — 116 Kilauea S Co. 29 29V 4
S v Wat ...1"4'»; Makawell S C. 47* 4 -
sv W 4s(3dm)lol — Onomea a Co. 39% 40
Stktn Gas 65. .102% — Paauhau S P. 39^i 39%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 7S*» 78% Al Pac Assn. .116% —
Marin Co ... 50 — Ocr Ld ~Vk5..250 —
Spring Valley. — M«r Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 90 90%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central G Co.. - - I Pac C Bor Co. - 135
Cent L & P.. — 7 Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Equit G L Co. — 4%
Morning Session.
Board —
75 Contra Costa Water 79 00
220 Contra Costa Water 78 75 ;
r.i Giant Powder Con. cash 72 75
7." Giant Powder Con 72 75 !
200 liana Plantation Co 17 02';
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
100 Makawell 47 62%
$If>.o'V> Market St Ry Ist con 5 per cent... 116 25
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent 110 25
■: KM Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent 110 00
20 Paauhau B P Co 39 50
50 Pacific Gas Imp 72 50
$70'X> S F & N P Ry bonds 113 25
20 S V Water 101 87%
10 S V Water 101 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Bank of California 285 00
200 Contra Costa Water 79 00
50 Contra Costa Water 79 25
100 Contra Costa Water, b 5 79 00
I£s Contra Costa Water 75 75
75 Contra Costa Water 78 50
$3000 Contra Costa Water bonds 11l 00
70 Giant Powder Con 72 75
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 174
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 99 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 31 s?%
5 Kilauea S P Co 29 00
SO Makaweli 47 75
$4000 Oakiand Transit Co 6 per cent 110 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 37%
7S S F Gas & Electric Co 72 62'^
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session. *
Board—
200 Central Light & Power 6 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 50
100 Vigorit Powder 2 75
100 Vigorit/ Powder 2 62%
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
10 S V Water 102 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water T7 50 :
ISO Equitable Gas 3 «2%
25 Giant Powder 72 50
20 Giant Powder 72 62%
30 Market Street Railway 63 00
60S V Water 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
S5 Contra Costa Water ' 79 00
60 Equitable Gas 3 75
40 Oceanic S S Co SO 60
60 Onomea Sugar Co 39 75
10 S V Water 102 12%
20 8 V Water 102 00
$1000 Market Street Railway lie 25
Street—
20 Pacific Coast Borax 135 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran- <
cvlsco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes IS 100 Mexican 5S
200 Best & Belcher 56 150 Potosl 53 j
100 Caledonia 60 200 Potosi 54 i
100 Chollar 26 100 Savage 23
200 Con Imperial... 02 100 Union Con 87 i
200 Confidence .87
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 56 200 Hale & Norcrs 85
200 Bullion 09 250 Justice 07
50 Caledonia 61 300 Ophir "l 10 ■
50 Caledonia 64 600 Overman ...'.'" i*>
50 Confidence 93 200 Potosl .... 62'
100 Crown Point... 2S
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock i
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes lit 200 Crown Point 27
200 Andes 18 400 Gould & Curry 41
500 Best & Belcher 55 200 Mexican 57
500 Bullion 0) 100 Ophir 1 15
200 Caledonia 6) 600 Ophir ..... ir 1 -.
200 Challenge Con. 28 800 Ophir 1 10
100 Con Cal & V...2 15 400 Overman .'.'.'.'.". 12
200 Con Cal & V.2 12% 200 Potosi 54
1600 Con Imperial... 02 100 Savage 24
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 27 200 Ophlr 110
200 Best & Belcher 54 300 Overman ' 12
300 Chi. liar 24 500 Potosl 61
300 Con Cal & V...2 10 200 Sierra Nevada. 62
100 Confidence 94 200 Standard 266
100 Crown Point... 28 300 Standard 2 80
300 Crown • Point... 29 100 Standard 2 63%
300 Gould & Curry. 41 300 Utah 11
200 Mexican ■■,<: 300 Yellow Jacket.. 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 26-4 p. m.
• Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 07 OS
Alta 07 09 Kentuck — 04
Andes is 20 Lady Wash.... "1 02
Belcher 27 28 Mexican 56 57
Best & Belcher 63 64 Owldental 23 23
Bullion OS 09 Ophlr 1051 10
Caledonia 63 . 64 ! Overman 11 12
Chollar 23 24 Potosl 51 52
Challenge Con. 25 27' Savage 23. 24
Confidence 93 95,' Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & V...2 10 •_■ 16 Beg Belcher ... 06 "7
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 60 61
Crown Point... 26 27 Silver Hill 02 03
Eureka C0n.... 50 — Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. — OS Standard 265 —
Exchequer — 04 81 1 I«nuln 1° —
Gould & Curry. 40 41 Union Con 36 37
Hale & Norcrs. 34 38 Utah n 12
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 36 37 j
. ■ ...
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
TO-DAY (THURSDAY), JULY 17.
At 1631 POLK ST., at 2 and 7:30 p. m.
The elegant stcck of Japanese Art Goods and
Artistic Bamboo Furniture.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sar.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height Of tide Is the name at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 27.
Sun rises $;<»
Bun sets •■■• • • • ' • -■»
Moon riseH 10:01 P- m.
P Time Time Time) Time
% — ■ Ft. Ft. Ft. — — Ft.
y 11 U l w 'H w l w
27~.. 2:80 4.1 8:32 0.8 3:14 6.7 9:311 1.2
2S ' %■.'.(, , , Jt:lS 1.4 4:00 6.8 10:40 0.9
29 ... 4:5,6 4^o 10:09 2.0 4:51 5.8 11:52 0.5
30 ... 6-2« 3.S 11:05 2.5 5:46 5.9
L W 111 w L Wj ,H W
31 ... 1:04 0.2 7:56! 3.0 12:09! 8.9 6:44 8.9
1 ... 2:05-0. 11 9:r><! 4.0 1:14 3.0 7:40 6.»
2 ...' 2:',s'i— o.3'| 10:0 l' 4-4 2:16 3.1 8:32 6.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eaily morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
!.i?t tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
,-in 1 then the number given Is subtracted from.
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME P. ALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. TV S. N*. Mer
chants Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
Th" time ball on the tc-wer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.^
Lieutenant rommander. TV S N.. in charge.
.STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
rrmtllla Victoria & Puget Sound July 27
Aloha Toint Arena July 27
St. Paul St. Michael July 27
Corona |San Diego Ju V 27
Samoa Tacoma Ju|> 2.
Chaa. Xelson.Jst. Michael JOg 27
Wellington Departure Bay Julj 27
Titania Xanaimo Jul> -7
Point Arena.... Arena July ->
Czarina IPuget Sound Ju y -*
Moana 'Sydney July ' 3
Columbia Portland July £
Bonlta Newport July 23
Curacao iMexico JUly »
Weeott [Humboldt Juy 29
Washten^w ... a coma !i ,y "
City of Peking. JChina and Japan ; July 29
Coquille River. .Grays Harbor July 30
Gaelic China and Japan July 30
City of Sydney. 'Panama ill , y I?
Cttv of Puebla. I Victoria A Putret Sound July 31
Crescent City... Crescent City Ju y 31
Santa Rosa |Pan Dlecro ....July 31
Roht. Adamson. Xanaimo Ju \ y 2:
Pomona Humboldt July 31
Mackinaw [Tacoma Aug. 1
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 1
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 2
Xorth Fork IHumboldt Aug. 3
Coos Bay ! Newport Aug. 3
Cleveland Pueet Sound Aug. 3
State California- Portland 'Aug. 3
STEAMERS TO PAIL.
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
,|I - ■
Aloha .Point Arena.. (July 27, 3pm Pier 2
State of CallPnrtnnd luly 27. in am Pi-r 24
Colon Panama July 2«. 12 m!PMSS
Pomona ...iHumbnldt July 28. 2 Pier 9
Arca ta iroo<= Bay 'July 2". 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... 'Newport July 28, • am Pier 11
Homer ..... St. Michael. ..'July 2S, 3 pm Pier 24
Corona San Diego luly 29. 11 am Pier 11
ITmatUla Vie & Pet Sd. July »>. 10 am Pier 9
Weeott ....IHumboldt July SO, 2 pm Pter 13
Pt Arena. . Point Arena. .'July 31. 2 pmiPler 2
Ronlta [Newport July 31. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..'Portland Au«r. 1. 10 nm P' 21
City Pekinir'fhlTTi tf.Taran'Aiijr. 1. 1 PMSS .
Bertha St. Michael... I Aug. 1, 2 rm'
Coqullle R.lOrays HarborlAu*. 2 ,^,--";;
Santa Rosa' San Diego . . lAug. 2. 11 am Pier It
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVKD.
Wednesday, July M.
Ptmr Umatllla, Cousins. 61 hours from Vio
tria and Puuet Sound ports.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 11 hours from Point
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 18H hours from E-u-
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 48 hours from Coos Bay.
Ptmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from. Fort
Tub; Sea Queen, Smith, -■ — hours from Fort
Brapfir.
Schr Newark. Beck, to hours from Bowens
Land ' nS - CLEARED.
■Wednesday, July 28.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen. Kahulul and
Fanning Island; J Wightman Jr. .
Ship Tacoraa, Pederson, Manila; U' S Gov
ernment. • - '' ■■'■
Ship Roanoke, Amesbury, Liverpool; O W
McNear.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia, Houdletta, Honolulu; J D
Sprockets & Bros Co.
Jap stmr America Mara, Cope,- Hongkong: and
Yokohama, via Honolulu; "W B Curtis.
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, Manila, via Honolulu: U
S Government.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 25.
Stmr Georere Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura-
Wednesday. July N.
Stmr We«N-itt. Burtts. Eureka,.
Ptmr Australia. Houdlette. Honolulu.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
i-Umr Fulti-.n. Johnson. Astoria and Eureka.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
Jap stmr America Maru, Cope. Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
I!r ship Balclutha. .lol.son. Port Townsend.
Bark Lev! G Burgeas, Youngren.. Tacoma.
Neptune, Estvold, I'sal.
Schr Fortuna, H^sich. Eureka.
P>-hr Mary I".ttM. Anderson, Bowers Landing.
P<hr I.lzzle Prien. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr F-liza, Miller, Christiansen. Kanulul and
Fanning Islnn.ls.
Schr Golden Gate. Madsen. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I>OBOS. —July 26. 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind west; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN
July 8, lat S N, lon 2S W— Ship Alex Gibson,
from" Baltimore, fur San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— July Schr Jen
nie Thelin. hence July 8; stmr Grace Dollar,
hence July 21. .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 26— Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua. ' .
POINT ARENA — Arrived July 16 — Stmr
Greenwood, hence July 25.
TACOMA Sailed July 26— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW- Palled July 26— Schr Robert
R Hind for Honolulu.
NEW ' WHATCOM— July 25— Schr De
fiance for San Francisco;
OLYMPlA— Arrived July 24— Bktn Portland,
from Port Townsend. July 26— Brig Courtney
Ford from Port Townsend.
FORT BRAGG— July 26— Bktn Wres
tler hence July 25. in tow of tug Sea Queen.
Sailed July W— Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
cisco; stmr gpquoia, for — -; tug Sea Queen,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 26 — Stmr Elihu
Thomson, from St Michael; stmr Lakme, from
st Michael. 26— Stmr Laurada, for St Michael.
Sailed -T"' v 2R— Ptmr Laurarta, for St Michael.
PAN DlEGO— Sailed July 26— Schr Roy Som-
Pr Y for Grays Harbor; schr Lizzie Vance, for
J r Arrived July 26— Stmr Cleone. hencs
July 24: stmr Newsboy, hence July 25; schr
Monterey, hence July 25.
* VENTURA— Arrived July — Stmr Georg«
: lyiomis. hence July 25.
Sailed July 26— Stmr George Loomls, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 26— U S stmr Ma
drone, from — —
Sailed July 26— Bktn Uncle John, for San
Francisco; schr John A. for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
MARCUS HOOK— Passed July Ship E B
Button, from Philadelphia, for San Franaiseo.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 25— Stmr Alll
anca, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed July 26— I' S stmr Sherman.
for San Francisco, via Nagasaki and Yoko
*N \NAlMO— Arrived July 25— Stmr Mineola,
from Port Los Aneeles.
Sailed July Stmr Mineola. for Port Los
AN— Sailed July 24— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed July 23— Haw stmr Bar
racouta. for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed July Ger ship Keck.
for Oregon.
PANAMA— SaiIed July 7— Stmr Costa Rica,
for Chamoerlco. July ?— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for San Francisco..
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 26— Stmr Majestic,
for U.vert-onl.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 26— 8tmr T^h^
from Bremen, for New York,( , OF THE j )
V \ BAT CITIES/
CITIZENS SCORE
THE POLICE OF
ENCINAL CITY
♦
The Field Affair to Be
Investigated.
TRUSTEES TO TAKE ACTION
RESIDENTS CLAM FAVORS GO
BY INFLUENCE.
Cases Where Petty Offenders Without
a Foil Have Been Given
the Severest ■;:-.
ishment.
ALAiTEDA. July X.— The .Field affair.
■which plunged the city Into a turmoil
yesterday morning, has brought the police
Into disrepute and the ... will de
mand that the City Trustees thoroughly
Investigate the actions of the head of the
department In connection with yesterday' $
dis;rraceful escapade. Serious accusations
are made against the peace officials. It
!s openly charged that they favor and
protect a certain class of offenders -who
have influential friends or relatives, while
they exercise their ntmost efforts to bring
about the severest punishment upon thy
less fortunate.
Citizens throughout the center of the
city where youn; Field indulged in his
reckless ride and promiscuous shooting
condemn in unmeasured terms the favors |
Ehown th«? culprit by the head of the Po
lice Department and some of his subordi- \
nates. .Field was charged with assault to i
murder when rirst rounded up after d:s- j
charging seventeen shots into the homes I
of the slumbering citizens and at two j
c»en»bers"of the police force.
After some of his relatives had had a j
consultation with the Chief of Police the j
charge was reduced to disturbtr.g the j
peace.
"Thi? is one of the greatest outrage? !
that was e-ver perpetrated on the residents j
of this city."' said EL D. Judd. a promt- :
sent business man. to-day. "I speak for !
& hundred cr more reputable citizens i
throughout the center of the town whose |
lives were endangered by Field's antics. ;
They are astounded at the idea that the <
police let him off so easily and believe i
that if such a course is pursued by tht i
guardians of the peace the citizens will ]
have absolutely no protection. Pistol I
bails crashc-d into our homes, two police 1
officers were nearly killed, and yet the i
young scapecrace who was responsible for j
it ail was shown the greatest favors and i
consideration by the Police Department, j
"Of course every good citizen In the city
sympathizes with the parents of young
Field, but sentiment cuts no figure in a
case as serious as this. A thorough in-
"
-POLITICS AND A SALOON"
RUINED GEORGE EARL
■ OAKLAND. July X.— Nothing has been
heard of ex-Councilman George J. Earl.
who disappeared about three months ago.
"Mrs. Eart has no idea where he is and
*ttie owe happy home is ail broken up and
the mother is working in a cannery to
support her children and pay the tax-rs to
save her horn-*.
Ear! disappeared almost immediately
after, the last Council, of which he was a
member, went out of office. •"Politics and
a" saloon." said Mrs. Earl to-day, "'caused
all the trouble. He said that he wanted
to go to the country for a rest, and I
helped him to pack his grip. He was? to
be gone two weeks. Before he went he
sold his saloon to Mr. Watkinson. But I
he left m^ not a dollar. He had other
money, too. and must have carried away
quite £ a sum with him. Mr. Watkinson
went a.* far as Port Costa with him. There
they shook hands and said good-by.
"I have received no word from him.
That is the truth. It is the whole truth
as far as I know. I have often thought
that Mr. Watkir.son or the barkeepor
know mor* than they care to say. but
they have told me nothing. I do not even
know whether or not my husband has
money corning to him yet from the sale
of the saloon."
George Earl was a member of the
."solid six" who did the water company's
bidding. When he first came to Oakland
h^ was a hard-working wheelwright. He
was led into politics and then went into
the saloon. business. He sold his saloon
to "Billy" Watkinson. another ei-Coun
cilman, also of the "solid six."
HER LIFE OF HORROR
IS ENDED AT LAST
OAKLAND. July 2»>.— Mrs. Mary Town
send, aged ?0 years, was found dead in
her room at 406 Tenth street ■--day. The
story of her death is a sad one. For the
past four years she has lived a life of
horror in the humble lodging house on
Tenth street, a charge upon the county,
and laboring under the hallucination that
her son nw being tortured to death by
surgeon* who formerly conducted a free
clinic just below her room. She ima?:n-l
that the son was a victim of vivisection.
•V few days ago the ?on returned from the
East, only to find his aged mother a
mental and physical wreck. This fore
noon, while he was absent, the mother
died suddenly. and Coroner ■'. mano
will hold an inquest. Deceased was a na
tive of Michigan.
JUNK-DEALER SUES
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
OAKLAND. July 25.— Henry Wh!te. a
jur.k dealer, residing at 683 East Twelfth
street, filed suit to-day against -the Oak
land Transit Company for the recovery
of $25,000 damages for personal injuries.
The complaint, prepared by Attorney C.
M Jennings, recites that on October 13.
ii'is a car of defendant corporation col
lided with plaintiffs wagon on Twelfth
•street, near Eighteenth avenue, throwing
p'aintiff to the ground on his head, where
by he sustained injuries which he believes
will prove permanent. Plaintiff charsaa
that the electric car was runnine at a
rate of twenty-five miles per hour and
that the collision was due to the reckless
ness and negligence of the motorman,
who under the -.me of John Doe Is made
* party defendant.
(§)£[}J[L&«J).
CONTRACTS TO
BE DISHONEST
WERE DRAWN
Mitchell's Story Is
Revived.
WHO SIGNED THE PAPERS?
DEMOCRATIC SUPPORT IS NOW
WITHHELD,
! Non-Appearance of E. Black Ryan
Has Caused Politicians to Ask
Some Very Pertinent
Questions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway. July 2S.
A very interesting- little political story
is being revived, made more interesting
at this particular time In view of the
many criticisms being- advanced regard-
Ing the county assessment rolls.
In the fall of ISS6 during the county
campaign there were several candidate?
for the three vacancies 'on the Board of
Supervisors. The leading candidates
were "W. S. Pelouxe*. John Mitchell.
Charles Roech and Thomas Wells. At
that time County Assessor Dal ton w.is
being hysterically support ed by the
Democratic organ at San Francisco. No
Supervisorial candidate could get the sup
port of tha.t paper except he would aeree
to support the line of conduct in making
assessments which the Democratic news
paper claimed to have, outlined for Mr.
Dalton. Contracts were drawn up. the
consideration being that the support o*
the Democratic paper would be accorded
those candidates who agreed to support
Mr. Dalton* s assessments of corporation
property. Nothing was to be eft to the i
discretion of the Supervisors in the mat- :
ter of assessments. Just who signed was j
never known, but Peiouze. Roeth and j
Weys were accorded the hearty support i
lit that paper. . Mr. Mitchell was asked
why he. being on the same Republican
ticket with Mr. Roeth. should be vioient
iy assailed and unjustly traduced while.
his running mate should have the most
flattering daily notices that could be cre
ated.
Mr. Mitchell told a very interesting
story. He said that on two occasions- he
had been called into the Democratic
newspaper office ar.d had -been asked v>
sign one of these contracts. He declined
on the ground that such a proceeding
would be. cieariv illegal, highly improper
and would be equivalent to agreeing on
a verdict without hearing the evidence.
The next day Mr. Mitchell was a^ain
called into the office and presented w.th
a contract a little less exacting, and till*
also he declined to sign. The following
morning the Democratic organ assailed
his honesty, his manhood, his social re
lation?, and succeeded in making for him
*o many friends of a desirable nature
th^t he 'was elected by a very handsome
majority.
Now everybody is wondering what nas
become of thesecontracts. in. view cf the
fact that the Democratic newspaper has
cieariy shown that Mr. Dalton need ex
pect no further favors from it. Has the
time for which these contracts were to
hold good expired? Did any member of
the present board sign them? If so, have
they been released? These are the ques
tions that the knowing politicians are
asking as they discuss on the street cor
ners the non-coming of E. Black Ryan
to«ght;the railroad's assessments.
MERCHANTS' CAMPAIGN TO
KEEP TRADE AT HOME
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, July 2b.
The Merchants' Exchange has started a
campaign in the interests of Oakland
merchants. They have adopted the repeat
of a special committee on the stimulation
of manufacturing and trade in Oakland.
It is the intention of the merchants, if
possible, to pledge local purchasers to
deal at local stores wherever the condi
tions are' ec.uai with those across the
bay.
The report, which is very lengthy, con
tains the following facts and proposals:
This matter la too important for any
one - ho has the commercial welfare
of himself and his neighbor at heart
to act in otherwise than with good
faith. If there have been any per
sonal differences . existing between
business men in the past, these they
should cast aside and all unite their
energies for the common good.
We are satisfied that if the business
men will do as we here suggest the
s In this community will increase
fully from 1') to 20 per cent in a year.
Every community is judged by the
condition of its industries, a factor
which plays no small part in affecting
the value of realties. These industries
must be fostered and en.-ouraged to
Increase their working forces. The fact
•-.ught never to be lost sight of, and
yet our existing industries are woe
fully neglected. The trade that tney
enjjv is but an inrtnestimaily small
percentage of the business that is
closed in their respective lines. It.
would, therefore, seem to be very evi
dent that the merchants need to be
educated as weil as the consumers.
We would further suggest that at
least IGO.OOQ circulars, so worded as to
carry conviction to every reader that
his cr her personal income, whether
laborer, clerk, capitalist, factory oper
ator, professional or business man. is
constantly being lessened by their
neglect and carelessness in this man
ner. This, we think, can be done, and"
with excellent effect.
One of the circulars should be placed
in every parcel that is sent out from
each and every store in the cora
munU>. As before stated, we must en
list the press and the pulpit in the
cau^e. All of our suggestions w-ill cosl
money, but we believe it will prove to
an excellent, judicious and well paying
investment.
As the work progresses, new -ideas
will be advanceo. A3 the favorable ar
guments that can be made in behalf of.
this are inexhaustible, and the litera
"ture tc be distributed by the mer
chant? will be republlshed as rapidly
as it gives out. in? work, must in 110
wise be allowed to lag.
We submit this report for yr><ur con
sideration and adoption, inviting any
amendment that will prove to be ad
vantageous and beneficial to the com
mercial Interests of Oakland and Ala.- ,
meda County.
The same committee was appointed with
power to formulate a system to carry out
its recommendations.
Police OfScers to Be Tried.
OAKLAND. July 2*s.— Police Officers
Garrity and McCloud will be tried by th.±
Commissioners on Friday morning for
their conduct in a Market-street restau
rant a week ago. Chief Hodgkins has
made his report to the board and Qndd
that both men were guilty of nn offense,
McCloud started the row by calling Gar
rity a vile name, whereupon Garrfty put
his helmet, club, gun and handcuffs on
the counter of th restaurant and in
dulged in a fist fight with McCloud. Gar
rity was on duty, McCloud on a vacation.
Elmhurst Paper Changes Hands.
OAKLAND, July 25.— Frank Storer. a
well-known newspaper man of Alameda
County, has purchased the Elmhurst Re
view, a weekly paper, from Mrs. I. M.
McClellan. and was to-day appointed a
School Trustee of Elmhurst to succeed
-M. S. Show, who resigned on account of
his removal to Berkeley.
THE SAX FBAKCISCO CALL, THfBSDAY, JILY 27. 1899.
SICKNESS PREVENTS
FURTHER ACTIVITY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 30S Broadway, July 21
C— . — ' HE physicians of Hon. J. West Martin hold out no hope that he can
ever again take' his place in the active business of the city. Fr>r nearly
a year Mr. Martin has been confined to his home with a complication of
>J> ailments., largely due to tr.e fact that, although 77 years old, he was,
until this sickness overtook him. one of the most energetic business
men of Oakland.
or over a generation Mr. Martin has been one of the most prominent men
in financial circles In California, and owing to his ability and energy many
larce and prosperous industries have been originated and developed. The
history of Mr. Martin is that of a successful pioneer. In the old colonial
State "of Maryland, where he was born in " --. and educated, he decided to en
ter the ministry, but discarded this early ambition to enter the field of com
merce. Forty-six years ago he drove his own herd of cattle and sheep into
California and with his brother purchased the Santa Rita ranch in this
county and for years they literally owned cattle and sheep upon a thou
sand hills.
Mr. Martin is president of the Union Saving!" Bank and vice-president of
the L'nion National Bank. For some time he was president of the Oakland
Gas, IJght and Heat Company. He was one of the most successful and con
servative Mayors Oakland ha? had. and was a very practical and useful
member of the Board of Regents of the State University. He has taken
much interest in historical and geographical research, and has been a lib
eral patron of art. He is a member of many scientific and educational so
cieties.
Three years after his arrival in California Mr. Martin married a daugh
ter of the late United States Senator Henry S. Foote. who is also a sister of
Hon. W. W. Foote. The large fortune accumulated by Mr. Martin has
largely been the result of the marked ability and influence of his noble wife.
HOWARD WRIGHT MAY
LEAVE THE ASSEMBLY
POLITICAL DILEMMA IN THE
UNIVERSITY TOWN.
Dan Burns Thought to Be Interest*
in a Successor to the Ex-Speaker
the House.
BERKELEY, July 26.— 15" Dan Burns
preparing to play a hand in the Assembly
district now represented by Howard E.
Wright? From all appearances poiitieaJ
complications are brewing which promise
to cause <iuite an agitation among locil
politicians. It is said that in the event of
a special sesssion of the Legislature How
ard Wright will be induced to tender his
resignation, leaving a vacancy which is»
already coveted by several openly de
clared candidates.
■ Rumors, have been circulated through
out the city for the past two or thr'->e
weeks to the effect that Assemblyman
Wright had already asked to be relieved
from his position. The reports hay«»
•"•air.eo credence to such an extent that
they are now passing about unchallenged,
ana several political aspirants are
u-ing them as a handle with
whlcd to advance their own cau
didacy. Some have openly asserted
that Howard Wright had resigned; others
that he had given hl= word that he would
"r*:gn until the question of his successor
has been taken as a matter of open spec
ulation. , , ,
The men m^st prominently mentioned
in connection with the fight are William
F Overstreet. E. C- Martiave. James M
Oliver and Edward J. Prins One of
the^e, W. F. Overstreet. has already an
nounced himseif as a candidate and has
commenced preparations to canvas tho
field It i? generally understood, too.
that Burns is interested in . Jtroet a
fight and that it was with Burns advice
that his candidacy ha? been made public.
In face of thus comes the somewhat
surprising assertion from Howard W right
hjmseif that not only has he not resigue l
but that he has no intention of doin_; so.
When ask-d about the matter Assem
blyman Wright said to-night;
"Thi« whole thins has come as a jcrent
surprise t>-> me. It is the first: time I havo
heard about it. I do not seee how it is
possible for any one to be making a tight
for my place uhen it is not vacant. As
yet no one has mentioned the subject ,-.;
resigning to me. It has never entered my
mind to do anything of the kind, and un
der no conditions would I think of takin?
such a step. If there are candidates,
spreading this report around they do so
without any warrant whatever. It would
put the district to a treat deal of un
necessary expense should It be oblig-'d to
hold a special flection, and that alone
would be sufficient reason for me to con
tinue to the end of my term."'
In spite of this preparations for the tigit
are going on in the university town and
the Question of candidates Is b"ing openly
(ti?cuss«?d as though a special election had
already been ordered.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. July 26.— Halcyon Parlor
No. 148." N. S. G. \V.. will celebrate the
tenth anniversary of Its organization to
morrow, and will give <i banquet In the
evening at the Occidental Hotel, San
Francisco. ,_ . . , , J
M-ircio Delucci. who had his head '
ground under the flywheel of a gasoline
engine Monday night, is resting *asy. De- .
■spit* the fact that his skull was frac
tured and a ragged gash cut In his scalp.
he is improving steadily and his "recovery :
is looked upon as certain.
The Epworth League of the First Epls
coual Church .-•-■■■:
officers- B 1.. \\>y mouth, president;
Charles Usinger. first vice president: Miss
Grace Rowe. second vice president; Carl |
Carlson, third vice president; Miss Ken- j
ney. fourth vice president: Mi?? Ivy V -
Glauflin. secretary, and Will Musgrove,
treasurer.
Child Stung by Kissing Bug.
OAKLAND. July 25.— Little Stella Wil
son, the five-year-old daughter of Mrs.
Alma Wilson, residing at 712 Franklin
street, was severely stung on her upper
lip by what she says was a bee, but which ,
her 'mother believes was nothing mor; ,
nor less than the fashionable kissing bug.
The child's lip was abnormally swollen.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
ALAMEDA COUNTY
HON. J. WEST MARTIN
rt remove--:
I ■ ry.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
- ■ ■
Hennette Kuntze commenced suit to
day against David N. and Amelia Kip
Coey et al. for the foreclosure of a mort
gage on Berkeley property given as se
curity or a promissory note, dated May
15, l*r«j, for $3000, with Interest at 9 per
cent por annum.
Mrs. Fanny M. Eccleston. wife of Jame^
Y. Eccltstor. of the Oakland Bank of Sav
ings, died last night, after an ness oC
three w*>eks. Deceased was a popular
woman In local society circles. She- was
aged %o years and leaves a husband and
three children.
L. N. McQuestion, familiarly known as
"The Father of the Yukon," [a once more
ensconced in his home at Peralta Park.
North Berkeley. He ha? sold his Alaska
int'-r-st.- and will not return to the gold
fields:
The engagement is announced of Miss
May Nonan and Fred W\ Lanre Jr. Both
are" popular in local society circles, and
the prospective groom has won fame on
the BaK-bail diamond. The wedding will
tiike place tn August. * .
Mrs. Margaret A. Clay, mother of C. C.
Clay of th<? well-known musio firm, died
last" evering at her home, 123 Thirteenth
street, aged 95 years. She was a native of
Tennessee.
Articles of incorporation were Bled with
the County Clerk to-day by the Standard
Improvement Company, with principal
place nt business in San Francisco. Tht
purposes are to purchase and sell real es
tate and '"transact any and all kinds of
business in which natural persons may
lawfully engage." The capital stock, ail
actually subscribed, is stated at 529, 000,
and :h*r directors are: C. 5. Hai ■ . San
Francisco; Alva B. Clute. Berkeley; K.
Crummey, \V. E. Davidson and S. Corn
field, c>3k'and. The heaviest stockholder
is D. H. Whittemore, who subscribed $10,-
TOO.
All Street* to Be Cleaned.
OAKLAND. July 25.— The Boar! of
Works met this morning and authorized
the Superintendent of streets to cle-i:i
all the !-tre»*ts of the city.' A hundred hiv!
fifty men will b« put to work, and the
job will last rive weeks, costing |2DOO per
week.
The board let the contract for con
structing a portion of the boulevard to
the Piedmont Pa vine Company, for tIUZ.
Harry N. Morse sent one of bis period
ical commurn'catiohs to the board eom
piaining of certain irregularities in the
conduct of the Street Superintendent';*
duties and asking that that official be re
moved.
City Attorney Dow introduced a resolu
tion promoting Police Officer McKinUy to
the position of sergeant, and the matter
was laid over till the meeting of the <_om
tnltti of the whole next Friday.
Adventist Revival Meetings.
OAKLAND. July 26.— The Exposition
builrline at Twelfth and "Webster streets
has been leased by the Seventh Day Ad
ventist Church of Oakland and a course
of Bible studies, closing each evening with
a revival service, will 1 _-'"! there Thurs
day evening. July 27. The series of lec
tures will embrace such interesting topics
as "The Everlasting Gospel." "God's Mes
sage for To-day." "Life Only in Christ,"
"Christ's Second Advent," "Prophecy and
Its Fulfillment in the Present Movements
of Earthly Governments." At the close
of each meeting there will be a special re
vival service for old and young.
Killed at Tesla Mines.
OAKLAND. July y. — coal miner was
killed at Tesla this morning. He was
truck by a car in the mines and died
instantly. No report of the man's iden
tity had been made at the Morgue to
night and an Inquest will be held to
morrow.
■ ♦ ■
" A New York Justice has decided that
a wife does not constitute a family. The
case came up where judgment was ob
tained against a man who was bound to
pay $10 a week for the support of hi 3
"family." The couple had no children,
and the Justice said he knew of no au
thority holding that a wife abandoned
by her husband constituted a family.
•
HALL CHARGES
DIRECTORS WITH
SQUEEZING HIM
Suit Filed Against the
Chadbournes.
WAREHOUSE COMPANY CITED
STOCKHOLDER THWARTS SALE !
OF DELINQUENT STOCK.
Accuses Alleged Officials of In- '
creasing President's Salary Ex
orbitantly and Trying to
Freeze Him Out.
Oakland Office Sir. Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, July K.
As a result <■>* a sensational suit filed in
the Superior Court to-day by E. E. Hall,
the sales of the tatter's shares in the
Ckadbourne Warehouse Company, which
was to have taken place at Pleasanton at
4 o'clock this afternoon, wa3 thwarted;
and more serious developments are ex
pected. The suit involves complications
-..-.-.: will prove decidedly interesting.
The complaint, drawn up by Attorneys
Nusbanmer & Reed and Harris & Dona
\ hue, inferent:aliy charges Joshua Chad
bourne and his sons with conspiring to
force Plaintiff Hall, a stockholder, out of
the company by levying an assessment on
his stock to pay an exorbitant salary of
$500 per month to the corporation's presi
dent, Joshua Ch3dbourne.
. Judge Greene has issued a restraining
order preventing the sale oi Haifa shares
at Pleasanton this afternoon; and the
Chadbournes have been cited to appear in
court on August T to show cause why cer
tain resolutions raising President Chad
bourne's salary to SoOO per month should'
no: be declared illegal.
Hall alleges that on December 20, 189S,
Joshua. H. P. and T. E. Cbadbourne held
a purported meeting of directors at Pleas
anton and passed a resolution fixing the
salary of the president of the Chadbourne
Warehouse Company at 550 per month;
that on June 6, 1S», they levied an as
sessment of $100 per share on the stock
of the company: shortly afterward a no
tice was published in a ■•■■■ paper
announcing the sale of Hall's eight shares
for delinquent assessment to be h«id to
day.
Hail asserts that such assessment was
illegal: that a day on which such assess
ment should become payable was never
fixed, and that the stock purporting to be
owned by T. E. and Howard F. Chad
bourne is In reality the property of Joshua
I Chadbourne. their father. Hall charge.-?
that Joshua Chadbourne has already
drawn down $3000 as salary under tne
arbitrary resolution passed by himself as
president and his sons: and he prays the
court that he be ordered to refund the
money to the coffers of the company and
: that the action of the a!L**ea board- of
directors be declared Illegal and void.
Hall moreover contends that $iw per
month would be a reasonable salary for
the president. _
The chadbourne Warehouse Company
I was incorporated under the laws of this
State in lS9d with a capital stock of XoOjOw.
> «hares at $WOO each, with but $500 actuahy
1 paid on each share. Pleasanton is the
! principal nlace of its thriving business. _
I Plaintiff Ha.l for several years acted in
1 the dual capacity of vice president and
' e-n^ral manager of the company, but tne
i bringing of a suit by him against the
Chadbournes for $130 caused unpteasant
ne~s that eventually terminated in his
dismissal. _ ,
I- the pr^s^nt suit th? company. Josnua.
1 H P T E and Howard F. Chadbourne
; arid Edna Harris are joined as defendants.
ALL WERE PROBABLY
FEELING PRETTY GOOD
PLAN OF DEFENSE OUTLINED IN
THE MANNING TRIAL.
Attempt to Show No Lamp Was
Thrown, but That Mrs. Kennedy
Stumbled Into the. Burn
ing Oil.
The preliminary examination of Corne
lius Manning, the lamp-thrower, charged
with the murder of Mrs. Mary Kennedy,
came up before Judge Conlan yesterday.
In the morning I">r. Zabala. autopsy phy
sician, and Dr. Artigues. attending phy
sician of the deceased, testified as to the
nature of the wounds that caused the
lady's death.
In the afternoon Paul Kennedy, hus
band of the murdered woman, took the
stand and told how in attempting to pro
tect Mrs. Manning, the mother of the de
fendant," she met with the injuries that
resulted in her death.
The cross-examination by J. „.- K.
Wilson attorney for Manning, plainly
brought cut the line of defense to be
adopted It is the intention of the defense
to plainly prove that Manning never at
tempted to throw the lamp at his mother
or for that matter at any one else. They
wili endeavor to show that after a per
sonal encounter with Kennedy, wno was
considerably the worse for liquor. Man
ning tied from the room, upsetting the
lamp in his night; that the lamp fell over
Manning's left hand and that he. endeav
oring to protect himself, flung:, the lamp
from him. The burning lamp, counsel
will try to show, fell igainst a door and
then upon the floor, and that Mrs. Ken
nedy who was feeling .rather merry,
-stumbled into the burning oil.
Kennedy was not a happy witness -under
Gross-examination. He got stubborn and
his memory as to time failed him. He
admitted that he was a drinking man:
that Mrs. Kennedy also was not a\-erse to
accepting a cheerful glass and that upon
the Fourth of July, the day of the lamp
episode, both he and Mrs. Kennedy had
had several cheerful glasses. He, how
ever denied that he was Intoxicated. As
to Mrs. Kennedy's condition, he declared
he could not tell, as he had not noticed
How many sociable glasses she had im
bibed.
Leonora Manning, sister of the defend
ant, took the stand to identify the lamp
offered in evidence.
One more important witness remains
to be examined. Mrs. Manning, mother
of the defendant. Mrs. -Manning is ill in
bed and on her account the case went
over until next Tuesday afternoon at 2
o'clock, when Mr. Wilson hopes she will
be able to appear. The little nephews o£
Kennedy, respectively aged ti and S years.
who were witnesses of the burning, have
also been ordered to be in court at the
next hearing.
BIG INCREASE OF STOCK.
Southern Pacific to Add 550.000.000
to Its Present Immense Capital.
At the meeting of the board of directors
of the Southern Pacific, which takes place
this afternoon, the capital stock will be
raised from J15Q.000.Q00 to $3»,0GO.00O. This
action is in line with the contemplated
reorganization of the Central Pacific and
its consolidation with the Southern Pa
cific.
The two roads will surrender their
stock, making one consolidated interest
which will be divided in proportion to
their present holdings among the differ
ent stockholders of the two roads.
a- the stock of the Southern Pacific
will- not pay anything much in the way
of dividends for some • time to come, a
bonus of between fifteen and twenty mil
lion dollars in Southern Pacific sold bonds
was offered as an Inducement to tempt
the Central Pacific stockholders to enter
Into the agreement.
[l^^imo
HIS FORTUNE
NOW TIED UP
PENDING SUIT
Boardman Meets a
New Difficulty.
HATES MOTHERS ■ IN - LAW
MRS. WALKER PREPARES HER
VIEWS FOR PRIXT.
All Would Be Well if Meddlesome
Bodies Would Cease Troubling
Her Daughter and Son
in.-I.a-w.
Oakland Office San Frar.cisco Call,
SOS Broadway, July M.
Joseph Boardmaa and his girl wife will
have to fight for their property. The
war opened in earnest to-day when At
torney Eugene Deuprey filed his lispendens
on the entire estate of the aged capitalist.
i The notice declares that there is an ac
tion pending between Elizabeth Gladstone
and Joseph BoarJraan. and '"that the ob
i ject of said suit is to obtain a decree for
; damages and the setting aside to piaintiff
of one-hair of all the properties and pos
sessions of defendant, real er personal,
wherever situated."
Joseph Bcardman is opposed to mothers
in-law on general principles. This state
ment "was made in writing to-day by Jo
i seph Boardm . mother-in-law. The
I statement contained none of the expla
nations which should go with it, for it
| is hardly capable of reason how a man
can marry a •__■■- not over IT, 'as
Boardman vowed he would marry, and
not run the risk of encountering a.
: mother-ia-iaw.
! . Mrs. Wall the mother-in-law in this
! case, sat up until 3 o'clock this morn
tug, preparing a little statement for the
press. She is very tired of being a
mother-in-law, particularly the mother
in-law of her young daughter's aged hus
band. Mrs. Walker- objects to meddle
some people. Sh<* Infers that if some
thirg be not done to protect iir. Boaro
man from such meddlesome people, she
can easily see his finish. Tnat gentle
man's ••rinish""wiil be a host of lawsuits
and a distribution of a generous portion
lot his wealth among attorneys. As Mr.
Boardmaa is 75 years old. however, it is
not at ail complimentary to reter to his
'•finish.' 1 Presumably those among his
i friends who are doing so refer solely to
; the finish of his fortune. ,
Mr* Walker's written statement, tor
which she desires publication, is -- roi
io *Kindiy permit me a few words
through your columns. If there is
anything to be admired it is truth and
honesty. I in it to- the letter.
i wish to state most emphatically tnat
I have never had any quarrel with Mr.
Boardman. nor am I likely to have ;
The nearest approach to anything o
the kind was only a suggestion that
he have his home place nxed up neat
and orderly. 1 see no quarrel in that.
He is opposed to mothers-in-law on
general principles. I have been a
scapegoat long enough, and it is tims
It was stepped. He has lived at my
home for over a month, and I believe
he could remain on for an indefinite
time without any trouble to me or
himself. I have never influenced him
or caused nim to be, to deed his
property to his wife. It was his own
proposition, acted upon through Wil
liam Anderson, a gentleman in his em
ploy. Dr. Cleveland is a well-known
gentleman on the coast. It is hardly
plausible that he would want his old
friend of thirty years' standing to do
anything inimical to his interest and
welfare. Mr. Boardman was willing
to deed his wife all his property and
wished to do so. When he called at
the Central Bank for his deeds he -was
cross-examined as to his intention and
he backed out. They sanctioned a deed
of trust, but not of signing of deeds.
I have no comments to ■• ■■--■ but all
the same there is food for digestion.
I believe Mr. Boardman can live in
peace the rest of his days- if he is let
alon* by meddlesome people. Those
who seem to be sitting on the fence
with axes to grind. I trust myself and
family will be allowed to pursue the
even tenor of our way in peace. For
the benefit of those who don't think
this way I'll say if war is their
motive why. so it will be.
' MRS. E. E. WALKER.
Oakland. July 2S.
ODD FELLOWS ARE ACTIVE.
— ; ■
Sub-Committees at Work to Arrange
Pfor Ten Thousand Visitors.
N. R. Doolittle. Mrs. Sophie H. Forbes,
Mrs. Lydia A. Steele. Mrs, Leola Cyrus,
A. Hoi and a. H. Cousins, i sub-com
mittee appointed to devise and prepare
plans to be submitted to the reception
committee of the Odd FeHows' jubilee
celebration, met last night arid decided to
recommend that the reception committee
have a distinctive badge, to be attached
to Che souvenir badge (.it is to be pink
and green, with a red diagonal str.p
across the face, with the word "recep
tion" in gilt upon It); that there be seven
sub-committees, to consist of three on
regalia, fifteen on hotels, twenty-five or.
ferry, fifteen on trains, five on excur
sions, fifteen on hall and ten on ball; also
that the committee maintain headquar
ters at the Pavilion.
Th hotel and rooms committee had a
meeting last night and organized by elect
ing L. L. Remy chairman and H. Luke
secretary. As it is expected that there
will be 10.000 Odd Fellows from the interior
during the three days' celebration, the
committee will canvass the city to make
arraneements for the accommodation of
that number of strangers.
The K«»b*kah lodges have decided to
givt a social in three weeks to enablo
them to secure funds to be used in mak
ing a display in the parade on the second
day of the celebration.
MACCABEES IX COMEDIETTA.
San Francisco Hive Gives an Zntsr-
tainment in Union Square Hall.
Under the auspice? of San Francisco
Hive, Ladies of the Maccabees, there was
given in Union-square Hall a very pleas
ant entertainment and dance. There wa.s
an interesting programme of vocal music
and specialties contributed by M Qgil
vie, Mrs. A. F. Auilas, A. B. Weeks and
Mi?s Inez Gerrteh. The feature of the
programme was a comedietta, entitled,
"A Double Shuffle,"' in which Sir Knights
and Lady Maccabees took part. Th- prin
cipal characters were taken by George V.
and Ida Leroi. Miss Etei Ibbottson.
James Buyer and Eduard Lowery. In the
early part of the evening Lady Com
mander Mary E. Saimond delivered an
addres?. The dancins commenced at it)
o'clock and continued until midnight. The
affair was appreciated by the many in
attendance ar.d was managed by: Mary
E. Saimond. lady commander San Fran
cisco Hive No. S: entertainment commit
tre^-Ida J. Leroi (chairman), Nelire Ed
ward-i and Pearl Butcher: reception com
mittee — Gertrude Wasteir (chairman).
Alice Ticknor. Libble Die!, Jennie Greene.
Winnie Drost and Florence Savory: floor
director, Mary E. Hilmer; fioor commit
tee — Bertha Julien. Selma Jacobi N- :
tie Manson.
A Prominent Zionist.
The intellectual committee of the Call- j
fornik Grand Lodge of the Order of B'ne ,'
B'rith has made arrangements with Rev. ,
Stephen S. Wise of New York to appear i
before the members of the order Ir. -
. OF THE
ViDAycrrits/y
-
t has r
J "■
:
■
■ t
■- - •
OCEAN TRAVEL.
FIRST STEAMER FOR
Cape Nome Sds,
Golofvin and St. Michael,
Connecting With River Beats For
DAWSON
And AXi Poi=t3 on the YUKON RIVER.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Streamer
HOMER,.
HIGGINS. Master.
From Spear Street Wharf.
FRIDAY, July 28th. at 3 P. M.
For Passage ar.d Freizht Rates Apply it
Once at Company-s Offices. 133 Post St.
THE ALASKA EXPIOBATION CO.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
L. Stearr.»r3 leave Broadway
88^ wharf.- £%n Francises:
■ SjfQhk Fcr • v - :3 --- i3r - r r -."i—.
HPEwfci^ Ju : ■ "■ ■ *
H»2bQ «] - ' " - • - '3.
! *^^*«^^^ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatcem ■:Waah.).
-,'. a. m-, July t3. Si. A::r"J't
4. and every fifth day thereafter: change a:
SektUc to this company*! steamer, for Al««*
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacorr.a to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry- _ .'
Fo- Eureka (HamboWt Bay). . p. ni.. July
?3 . August 2. ac'i every fifth day there-
af For Eanta Cra^ Monterey. San Stmcoß
ravueos Port Harford (San Lu'.s Ofcispo).
«7aviota Ear.ta Bartara. Ventura. Haeneme.
Sn^prfro East San Pedro (Los Angles) and
Newport 3 a m.. Ja!y 13. Zt, 31. Aus^st 4.
an-1 e-.^rv tonrtn day thereafter.
F.-r San Diego. BtoppUw only at Port H»r-
'ord '"a" Lol* OWapo), Santa Barbara. Pert
T>'« Aneeles and Redondo rLcs Angeles). 11 a.
ra' July H. Jt. August 2. and every fourth day
th F^r BEr.««nada.8 Er.««nada. Maer-ia>ra Bay. Saa Jcs- del
rato M^zatian. Altata. La. Pax. Santa Rosalia
ani Viuivcaa (Mex.). 10 a. tn.. >tb of eaca
VurthT information cbtain folder, i
The 'company reserve? the ri?ht to -\x-z-,
without previous: notice steamers. sai:in? dates
art' h"Tir« of sailing.
TICKET ' »-'l<"K — I New Msntfomsry
Btreet (Palare HoteO.
GOODALL. PKRKIN? % CO.. Gen_ A?ts..
10 Market =- . -.- - Franci3co.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA N_l3
F r? m Sf^ar-str<?et Wharf ar 1" a. m.
CADC 512 First Cla*« Ir. : '-* Bert*
IAnL $8 Second Clas* and M-ra.-*.
Columbia sail? July ~.
S^at" of CaHforn-a sa'!? July 2T.
Short lir.e to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all potnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajj-nt.
630 Market street.
GOO ALL. PERKINS & CO^.
Superintendent.
@H«Bftn4 S. S. Moana »aHa
iSSWI^ 1 ' 1 Honolulu
jf JP a»*li*ir Auckland for Sydney
kg ~ U"edne«day, Auirast ?.
(:^3m < ;Fi!n^ at The r "s rn 's. Australia
G>(j£l!0i!!U~ Mil* for Honolali
" F vnr . ; . o L ; ne Roand the.Vorld, rto Hawaii.
=amoa (New Zealand, AnatralU, India, Suez.
Ei«land. et;. : $>•;: arst class.
J. D. SP«ECKELS i BROS. CO.. Aots.. iU Mor.tgomer,
P- er 7 Foct Pacific St Frei S htofic 3 .327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
SIW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDCS. PASI3.
Stopcinp at Cherbcur*. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. HJ-
New York.. ..August . New York.... August n
St. Louis August S St. Louis ■<-« *>
St. Paul August l«i
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 »»n.
Aina July ....Auj. Ij
Southwark ..August 2!Noordiand A-* - t
Weateraland ...A i\
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Daw son City.
For full information regarding freight and
pa^sa?-? apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
3. Montgomery st.. cr any of its -.:•■»».
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAT. CAPE
NOME DAWSON /.VD ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
BERTHA,
Carrying V. S. Mail.
Will l»,iv. San Francisco about Au*u«t 1 for
above "points making prompt connection* with
*.., j-ive- . t 4mers oa the Yukon River.
Fcr fr^izht. passage and further information
a;P ALA?KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT.'
Jlfl Sanscme St.. San Francisco. Cal.
TOYO RISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WIJ.I. USAVI WHARF. COR-
ner Firs: and Brar.nan -T-»fj. : p. tn.. Tor
YOKOHAMA awl HONGKONG, catting '•
Kob* iHtr.ga). Sain>«ain «nd Shanghai, and
connecting at H'.r.«kcns with steamers for
India, etc- No eaqto received m beard M day
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. July 2«
(KOVO MaHL* T^^^«'ta^ *>i*.i- U
NIPPON MART Tuesday. September 11
Houml-tr;p v:ck»ts at r>-du<?»d rates. For
freieht and pa*sa?e apply at ootnpaiy'i offlce.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CUP.TT? G«n»ral Ag»nt.
— -
CCHPAOSI-; GE>'ETiAI/=; nuufumtn
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -.^
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, in. <JT (JTi*
from Pier 12.' North River, foot of "
Morton st; LA OASCOGNE. Jalj ». LA
TOCRAINE. Aurus-t 5: LA i.HAVP .«•>.> .=..
August 1-: LA BRETAGNE. Aug-JSt li: LA
--.voMAVpIE. . Aoxost *5. Fir«t-class to
Havro VZ and ur ard. " per e-nt redncttoa
on rnur.d trip. ?ec^.i--!-*<=« r^ Ha"» Mi U
r»r re-t r«l'-rtlrr! --■;-' trfo. OENERAt.
AOK3WT FOP. UNITF.D STATES AND CAN-
\T)k 35 Broadway fHudjon building). Sew
I T«t*. ■- - FT'r;\7:r .?- CO.. P^^flr <~oast
|\Ar»nr« - y^nt-wnJi- «-i-° ;----.- - -
BAY A_KD B.IVEB, STEAJfi£ai
STOCKTON PXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washinston-strset wharf at • a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at S p. m.
daily (Saturday exempted). Regular steamers
leave Wafhington-street « barf at- 5 p. a.
daily (excepting Sunday).
' CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SCo.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tue».. Wed.. nan and Sat. at 3:4 i
a. m.. ■:■■":-■ Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m an i «:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
r m. Lar.dlnz and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier Wo ! Telephone Main 1303.
FARE ...: - - **"
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KIUBSTST. Ka^Ol^lMHl
!n 1854 for tee treatment of Prlrate
Diseases, Last h«od. Debility or
disease wearing on botfyand mlndaoa
Skin Diieasea. Itedoctorcoreswheq
otheufuL Try him. Charges low
<orf*iuarnnt?f(J. CiJlorwrlta.
I>r. J. I . b!BEO> Bex 1357. 5 ac V raodaca
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cull, ccrner of Market and Third streets, open
until It o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mor.trr.mery treet,
corner Clay; r-en until 9:30 o'clock.
JS7 Have? ftreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
f33 McAllister street; open until 9:10 o'clock.
Cll Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
ISU Mission stroet; open until 10 o'clock.
I*6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.til i o'clock.
100 Eleventh Ftreef, open until 9 o'clock.
Jo2f. Mission »treet: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest rorner of Twenty-second and Ken
virkv Ftrr-ets: ■■■pen until :■ o'clcck.
MEETING NOTICES.^
CALIFORNIA Ledge No. 1, F. and A. •
M wlli meet THIS (THURSDAY) -/V,
EVENING, July 27, at 7 o'clock. Third J^^.
decree By order ••! the Master. /
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. H. A. M.— a
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) J^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, at Mission XX
Masonic Temple. 2Wi Mission st. Mark / '
Master degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HI I,I, MAN Secretary.
DORIC Locige No. 21C. F. and A. M , •
Masonic Ti-mjile— Called meeting THIS f\
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ■ TE/f
o'clock. Third degree. Master Masons /*▼ >
are cordially Invited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O.
F will Inil ate THIS EVENING.
July 27. 1539. • All brothers cor-
diallv invited. '"" v *
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Rec. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle, v 'W *
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3, &J/J
EVENING, Fraternity Hall. 32 tXX!I*
O'Farrpll st.. at S o'clock. Smoker
follows. -JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE regular anr.i:al meeting « -f the stockhold-
ers of the Wai ■ - Sanatorium will be held
at 717 Jones st.. TUESDAY EVENING. Au-
gust 1, at S:3'J o'cloi k. .
ELMER E. KELLY. M.I Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholcers of the Hakalau Plan-
tat: • Company will be I "Id at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. San Francls-
cn, Cal.. en TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, 1539. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve fcJr the ensuing ear, and the trans-
action" of such other business as may come
1 . .'. re th? meeting. Transfer books will close
en SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 'clock m.
E. H. -; SHELDON, Secretary. l^
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
rther business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
ets., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August. ISW>. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
\< I (II NT \\ TS.
6. K. BALLARD. 101 Cal. ■• . designs, audits &
adjusts account i" for corpnrat -ins > firms, ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
fulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the r.irr build-
Ing. 525-555 Market st.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. &50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L S CLARK — Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market;. consultation free; no feea in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W.' DAVIDSON. 527 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927 |
Market: consultation ■>•■». no fees In advance.
HO A 11 1» AND ROOMS.
AT 41f> First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
beard. $" a week up; .Swedish home: parlor.
/iTI-AS, li*)l Sutler — New, beautltully furnished 1
mnny' suites. t>ing!° r.. reas.: board optional. j
O'FARRELL; 742— Clean cr>mforta-ble rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
POWELL. 3 f >S (Hctel Waldorf), fa-cinq Union
.«,-,. — Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches, j
SUNNY home for children, near school: large I
grounds; mother's care: $5 to $10 per month. i
MISS WILSON. !3S West Mission, nr. 13th. \
PUTTER. 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home ro.-.king.
BOARDING FOX CHIL.DK >
EXPERIENCED French lady has a comfort-
able- home for infants or children. 1324 Mont-
j
WANTED— Infant to board: J]o a month. 210 1
I-fxinpton ay».. : (-XT Nineteenth st.
BOOKS NEW AM' OLl>,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged, i
Holrr.es Kor k C .. 704 Mission St.. •■-'■ir Third. \
BUSINESS CHASCES.
A-V" c >: HAKERY In lively country town, close
to the city; rent J2'">: daily sales. 32'; all cash i
store trade: full value In Bight. Call R. G. j
WILKE, 9"6 Market st.
X— s6so: SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab-
lished many years and doing an average
business of $15 per day; card rooms; cash
register; safe* fine oil painting located
close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease. Call
R. G. WILKIK. !<O6 Market st
DEATH f of fowner cause of great sacrifice, sa- j
loon with mercantile lunch, established years,
rent low clearing al*>ve $150 p*r month; lease;
close to Palace Hotel. Particulars '.'. G.
WILKE. SO6 Market Ft.
}4"0— Saloon; best location on city front; sell- |
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE
iz CO., yC-6 Market th.. room 7 and 8.
_A_sllf-(i — CHOP housi- and coffee saloon in
wholesale dirtrlct: et-tabllshed years; clearing
above $150 per month: only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE, C'o6 Market.
A— THE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar in the Mission; low j
rent: must be S'.ild at once; on account of
family trouble th« alace Is turned over to a
wholesale liquor hous.<;; investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. W.ILKE. 906 Market.
DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living ro.ims; rent $14: good paying;
Ftock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
•; WILKE. :•>>; Market st.
$700^LODGING house, 14 rooms; well furnished;
excellent location: steady roomers: Al tran-
sient 'rade; lnvf-.stleate. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with six living
rooms; .excellent location;, well-established;
receipts JIT. day: mv« be sold: ran bargain; j
investigate. M. LESS & CO.. 785 Market st. I
$450— SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
? rooms-, inc. irnlture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO.. 763
Market
♦3*o--RESTAUI!ANT and oyster houar; pros-
perous town of State; value in sight: good '
business; practically without competition;
bargain. M. LESS * CO.. 765 Market st.
$175— RESTAURANT: bargain r,n account of '
sickness. MCLAUGHLIN A- CO.. 777V4 Mrkt.
$:.'"0 PARTNER wanted In manufacturing busi-
ness, see Mclaughlin & co., 777 . Mar-
Ket .I.
JIWf— KSMITH arid wagon shop, prosper-
ous country town near city; owner has had
business 20 years: retires on account of old
age McLAUGHUN & CO., 777' L . Market st.
$500^ PARTNER wanted In mfg. bus.: Gov.
trade. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777' i Market. :
$350— CORNER cigar stand; business stre«-t;
fplendid location; departure cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co., 7774 Market st.
TO sell nr exchansr---Buslriess, any kind. Ap-
ply W. ".. r>ENNTSON. 783>£ Market st.
J2OO— GROCERY, branch bakery" and notions;
rent $12 5". DENNISON, 7SBV4 Market st.
f3Sf:— RESTAURANT: rent $40; receipts $35.
$200— Chop house; rent $35; receipts $30.
W. B. DENNISON, 7S3'/i Market st.
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for rash apply to HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
SSSO— PROMINENT corner grocery and bar;
best location in the city; Belling at Invoice
price. HEALY & Co.. 917 Market st. .
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney.
Buy, pel! and exchange rral estate and busi-
ness chances.; loans and collections made. '.<B5
Market st.
SALOON, nr. Market; 4 rms.: cheap rent; good
night trodo; bargain. BECK i CO.. 935 Mkt.
ii ACRES of fruit land: will sen or exchange
for good # business. COWING A CO 955 Mrkt.
FINE saloon on corner near Market st.; bargain
this day. COWING <v CO., W5 Market st.
A FRUIT store, centrally located and must be
sold this day. COWING & CO.. 935 Market.
HALF interest In a paying and thoroughly
established business: $300. PACIFIC COAST
EXCHANGE, 1007V4 Market St., near Sixth.
A FIRST-CLASS candy store. Ice cream par-
lor and factory; fine location; prinrlpaf
street; must be sold. JONES & CO.. 865 Mkt.
K,OO— RESTAURANT; 25c meals; doing fine
business; low rent; cause of selling, other
business. BASILE, 3 Eddy st
i HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc.: sold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL. 100SV4 Market.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
best towns north of Ran Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
PARTNER wanted— old Alaskan prospector
and miner; must have $400 cash to go to
Halnes Mission. Alaska, at once and work
claims In Porcupine mining district. H. P.
ELLIS. The Navarre, corner Geary and Ma-
;;son;i.ts.'. room 41. .
ART saloon for sale; $3500; what will you give?
I*isT chance don't be saying what you would !
do; after this you will not get a chance to j
do anything, see?
- MILK route, horse and wagon for sale; gor-1
business for new beginner. Inquire at ISI'J
ward St., upstairs.
MINER with some capital would like to have
position and interest in placer or quartz mine.
Box ?2S. Call office.
$300— PARTNER wanted; mechanical business;
old established; $30 a week clear; trial given. .
I Geary St., room 2. ■ •
$75 WILL buy half Intel in good-paying of-
fice. Address box 16?0. Call office.
$175— ITRANCH bakery, notions, candy and deli-
cacies; 3 living rooms: rent $12. Apply Call.
i BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; good chance
for right man. 1135 Ison s_ :
WANTED— To rent small country hotel Or sa- i
I loon In country town. 6 0.. box 330, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
. Apply 527 Montgomery's^
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand: situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pnnt, city: own-rs wishing to retire from the !
retail business; a good chance for on» or two
1 persons with a moderate capital. For fur- I
ther information Inquire at LENORMAND }
BROS . SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
BUTCHER .-h'P. good location: cash business;
no opposition; refrigerator and smoke hobse:
sickness cause for selling; no agents. Box
; 923 Call office.
.FOR SALE— First-class tailor shop cheap; in
fire-proof building In one of- the best towns
In Northern California; sickness cause of sale. I
j 743 Eddy St.
! RESTAURANT for sale. 107 Berry st
$17."— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent; good
prices: must be sold: make offer. 332 Bush st.
A HUSTLER with $150 can get half-interest In
excellent established business. 527 Mission st.
EXCELLENT cigar stand, day trade; full
value for money. Apply to FRIEDLANDER >
| ' & KAISER. 431 Montgomery st. -
l BARB! 2-chair shop for sale cheap on ac-
| count of departure. Box 967 Call office.
I j:<SO— SMALL produce, pork and delicacy store; !
good location. Inquire at 106 Eleventh St.. I
Call branch office.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, teheada or
statements printed catalogue printing. MEL
j A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 18S6
\ $200 — SALOON for sale, corner East and Green-
wich rent $20; owner has two places. Call
I 2 Pacific st.
SALOON with good business in good location.
NABER, ALFS & BHUXE, 123 Market St.
$2^o— SALOON with good business. (T,fi Third st.
RESTAURANT; good paying; must be sold on
account of ill health; snap. 606 Mission st.
i WELL-PAYING cracker route for sale. Box
1599, Call. _
! W \NTED— A good-paying grocery that will
bear investigation. BECK & CO.. 935 Market.
I FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon: paying business. 20? Second.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: good location; for sale j
cheap; no agents. Inquire at Call' office. 1
GROCERY and bar, well stocked: cheap. Ap- i
ply "■'. li JIM AN, LUTGEN & CO., 320 Clay st. |
FAMILY boarding-house: steady boarders: 14 I
rms.. all occupied; bargain A.C.t.ox 71. Call, i
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250; splendid lo- j
callty: cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro, j :
I COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. }
W. CASV.TT.T. .<■ CD'S.. 41S Sa'-raniPi"^ «'. I
I - •
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, |
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st. :
• 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 i' .-■::. -■
I*---- - - •
| CARPET BEATING AM) CLEANING: j
! WHEN You become disgusted with peer work i •
Eend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40. j j
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. '
J. v QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
: 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228 lowest rates. :
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; lail it 3c.
STRATTONS. 3 Eighth ;t. : trl. Jessl? 944.
; J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3.- per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate carpets cleaned. 3c yd.: tel. Mint {3 l6/
CONKLIN'S Carpet -beat ing Works, 223 Golden ; .
Gate aye.: t°l. East 126. j '
CLEANING i O.M POUNDS. i
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing; a suro '
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, j
Agent OffW .-■■.-■ -■-■.;■-'.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. .1 J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium.
life reader; also medical clairvoyant : treats
private, chronic or obscure disease?; send -
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet. ]
Pest and Geary; sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and |■*
card reader: born with double veil and second |
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings; j -
ladies, 50c: gents, $1; sittinge. $1 50. 126 Turk, j
MADAM JOHNSON, test meeting to-night. '
Cambrian Hall; 1133 Mission st." « p. m. ; ad- j
mission. 10c. Bet. Seventh :ind Eighth sts. I ;
ARRIVED The king of all mediums. Prof.
Haley; tells your life from cradle to grave;
EOc. $1 up. 106 Taylor Pt.. parlors 3-5. 1
■■• AUGUST. 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; -' ■ i
CLAIRVOYANT card reader;' l'tc; Indies only, j .
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. j '
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past. 1
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth st.. room 12.
YOUR future told by cards; 'lady or gent. - '''-
Lady Barbers, 959 A Howard a st. j
MISS A. L. CARLSON., fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
CONSULT or. matters of business, health and 1 -
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic, 120 A Eddy St. :
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st . near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently, business -
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth t-t.
i MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture I*'-; ladles. 91 1 O'Farrell st.
cottages;. TO let.
..- - "^m_ .
COTTAGE of ■"■ rooms. 2309 Polk st. .
I CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
'pottage of 6 rooms. ■-'•: 15th st.. nr. I >■.:■■■■ -
DENTISTS. . i
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927 .
Market St.. over Cafe ZJnkand; teeth extract- .
ed or filled without pain; electricity, lias or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold •
filling, from II; other" fillings, from 60c; '
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per' tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
I A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our ;
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger -
; than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
t and bridce work teeth without a plate: fill- !
ings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
! all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. -< Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
i have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns. '.
$3 60 up: plutes. extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, oa. m. to' lo p. m. : Sunday, 9to 2 I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st . ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rflbber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first ;
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near ,
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all- work reasonable: pas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown >
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenii.gs. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk Ft.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy. j
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy, :
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing. 85 teachers; individual instruction, i
200 graduates annually placed in positions:
students can enter for any course any time;
I no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata- .
log free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; •
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.I,, THURSDAY, JULY 27, 1899,
EDUCATIONAL
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses In all English branches, languages.
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening, classes;
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for "catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg;., S. F.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day and eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLKN. 933 Market.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing:
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio. 1033 Putter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience: 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Err.p. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Putter: tel. Black 13-21.
EMPLO V MENT WASTED Female.
COMPETENT German cook desires situation:
good cook and housekeeper; 24 y.ears last
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 320
Sutter st.
NEAT colored girl desires situation as cook or
second girl: best of references. MISS D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN nurseglrl: 3 years last place: can
take full charge; good seamstress; infant or
invalid. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl with 5 years' references;
first-class cook MRS. NORTON. Swedish
and German Employment Bureau. 313 Sutter.
LADIES If you mean business and really want
a first-class servant we can supply you if
order is left with us exclusively. We have
some first-class servants now ready for work.
See J. F. CROSETT A- CO.. 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady, living at home, would like a po-
sition In an office or store, addressing en-
velopes nr an copyist; is a good writer. Call
or address MISS V. F., 12 Bond St., off Mis-
sion.
_^_
WANTED— Positron In small stationery store
or a.» cashier, assistant bookkeeper or sales-
lady In bakery; speak German; salary small;
chance for advancement; ref. ex. Box 926, Call.
REFINED, competent young lady, good seam-
stress, desires position as companion to lady
or care of grown children; no objection to
travel; references. 26 Turk St., Park Hotel.
CHRISTIAN girl wishes a position for general
housework and cooking; wages $20 to $25.
Please call at 1825 Pine St.. near Octavla.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook wishes
position; city or country. Call at 11 William
st., off O'Farrell, near Jones.
GERMAN girl wants a place for housework.
Apply at 12-2 Oak Grove aye.. near Fifth and
Harrison sts. '
WOMAN wishes position as cook or downstairs
work; $25 per month; city reference. Box
1543. Call office. .
YOUNG lady from country wishes situation,
chambermaid or chamber work and waiting.
Address room 624, Winchester Hotel.
RESPECTABLE woman with practical expe-
rience for past 10 years as housekeeper, de-
sires position, lll'-r Minna St.. near. Second.
WANT Situation by a woman with a boy
9 years old a.« housekeeper or chambermaid;
city or .■•:■■ 322 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wants situation to assist with
light housework and mind children. Call at
W< Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at light house-
work. 526 Eddy st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion during day. 1061 Howard Ft.
LADY wants plain sewing and mending to do
at home. Call 150 Fourth, room 7, first floor.
GERMAN girl wishes position to do washing
ami housecleaning: $1 10 per day. 4 Ivy aye.
YOUNG lady wishes position a.« companion to
lady mornings and evenings; no children. Box
970," Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day: $1 and car
fare; I? able and capable. Call lll'-i Minna.
ENGLISH girl, recently from England, desires
a position; .- companion or- lady's maid. Ad-
dri^s party at box 804. Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission st., room 1^
iVOMAN with a small child wishes work. good
cook. Apply l!3 r " Howard st. ________
COMPETENT young German girl wants sltu-
ation to do plan cooking or upstairs work;
BP'iiks French. 312 Minna St.; references.
COMPETENT teacher, disciplinarian, pradu-
ate State Normal School, life diploma, musi-
cian, testimonials from prominent educators
and Boards of Education in State, desires
situation, city or country. Box ■"••>, Call.
['.V strong young woman as wording house-
kppj 1(?r ; city or country. 15 Powell, room 5.
WANTED— of Infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990, Call office.
tVINCHESTER Hr.use. 44 Third st.. near. Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; ccnvenlent and respectable: free 'bus
an I >■-■ l- -i :-o to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — M»le.
* ,l«^ —
PROF WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
•phone Red 3211, 31& BtOC on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
i'OUNG man that was slightly disabled during
the recent war and was a volunteer of the
First California, would like a position as
night watchman or some light work. Apply
45 Ciemf-ntlna st.
'OACHMAN— A neat and quick worker, flrst-
" clas's horseman and thoroughly understands
the business; best of city references. Box
325, Call office.
MAN used to carpenter tools, gas engines and
other work wants steady Job: suit an institu-
tion or ranch; liberal wages wanted. Box
1692. ■ all office.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a young man who
has a large acquaintance in the city; used
to solicit trade and deliver. Address box
1548, Call office.
YOUNG n;nr: 23 years of age, desires steady
work of any kind; country preferred; wages
$15; handy with tools. Box 747. Call office.
Oakland. '
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; city or
country; good driver and handy with tools.
Box 1546. Call office. ' ■ |
PAPER hanger, first-class references, painter,
timer whltener, wants work; boss, hotel or
landlord. ANTOINE. 130 Buss st.
GROCERY clerk wants position: best refer-
ences; city or Oakland. L. R., 110H San Jose
avenue. __^_
COMPETENT young man wishes a place to
take care of horses and drive wagon. Box
1539. Call.
GOOD plain hotel waiter desires steady posi-
tion Inquire New Golden Gate. Hotel, 134
Fourth st. ;
BARBER would like steady work. Address box
1.129, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation in store or
office. Address A. H.'. 416V4 Post st.
BY a temperate and reliable Englishman as
coachman with nice family or a driver for
doctor and office; has Al recommendations;
city or country. Address box 1540. Call.
EXCHANGE.
ALL FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
60 houses and lots, from $500 to $20,000
30 In oakl'd. Alameda. Berkeley; $50 to: 50,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0.... 10.000
45 hotels, rooming, Boarding houses; $200 6.000
7; stores, loon, business places; $100 to 4,000
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS OF
PROPERTY — WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market
St.. opposite Fifth.
j;O.,0 — STOCK of millinery; doing fine business;
must sell or exchange for real estate. J. H.
EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange— 6-room story and a half
house; lot 100x200; barn, chicken house and
buggy f-h>o.: town water; located best resi-
dence street Dlxon; value $2000. Address box
1.-.01. <"nll office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U." S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians. 107U& Market St., San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mall.
FLATS TO LET.
A — TEHAMA, 36 and 4-room flats; reason-
able rent; clean; neat. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market St.
A NfCE sunny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath. 30
Moss st., nr. 7th; key cor. Howard and Moss.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
I FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FULTON, 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. .
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath. 119 A Wil-
liams St., near Post, bet. Taylor and Jones.
SCOTT, 2036, corner Sacramento— Modern mid-
dle flat; 7 rooms; bath; rent reduced. J. H.
CARSE. 11 Montgomery.
SINGLE lady wants to rent part of an unfur-
nished flat to small family. 4059 Nineteenth.
SUNNY 3-room bay-window flats, complete for
housekeeping. 3726 23d St., near Dolores.
THIRD, 417%— front suites; modern improve-
ments; 8 run.; hot, cold water: bath: sunny.
TWO nice unfurnished fiats: 4 rooms each;
water free; $10 and $11. Apply 1»1B Hush st
UPPER bay-window flat of i rooms. 7% Vas-
sar place, off Harrison St., near Second
UPPER flat of*4 sunny rooms. Apply 59 Zoe
St., between Bryant and Brannan.
2 NEW sunny modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes St., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye., $21. '
$9— VALLEJO, 1123. flat. 4 rooms, yard: 1127
Broadway, up. flat, 5 rms., bath, $16; reduced.
$9— 3-ROOM flat. 70 I. ask:- St.. off Mission, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
$12 SO— UPPER flat: : rooms, bath, cellar. 1417
Pacific St., near Hyde-st. cable.
4 SUNNY rooms: yard 17 Hampton place, off
Folsom st., bet. Second and Third^
5 SUNNY rooms and bath; $15. 1338 Washing- ■
ton, corner Leuvenworth. ~\V_ |
$11— SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place.
off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts. ■
FLATS TO LET Fnrnlslicd.
GROVE. SIS. bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat. 6 rooms.
piano, garden, stable If desired: references.
FIRXITIIU FOR SALE.
THREE oak beds and mattresses for sale; also
carpet. Apply 1302 Folsom st.
TAPESTRY Brussel; carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton at.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP. WASTED FemaIe.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and
$20; 2 nursegirla. $25 each; 2 German second
girls, $25 each; 2 Irish s cond girls, »20 each; ;
Irish nurseglrl. $20; Irish girl as cook $25; £
Irish housegirls, $20 each; second girl. Mill
Valley $20; 3 Swedish second girls. $20 and ,
$16; housegirl, San Rafael, «C; middle-aged
woman, country, $25; ranch cook, $25; ~>
housegirls $25 and $20; cook, $30. American
family. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
Z COOKS $30 and $35 per month city; house- j
work Woodbridge, $20; San Rafael. $20; Cor- j
delia $15, fare paid; Raymond, $20; Belmont. j
$15: 12 housework girls, $2') and $25; W young .
girls to assist. $10, $12 and $15; cook for board- ,
ing house, $30. MISS D. CULLEN, 32j but-
ter at.
2 NURSES. $20 and $25; 3 nurses. $13. MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
2 LAUNDRESSES. $30 and $25: short distance
in country. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Suiter st. |
A NEAT Irish second girl. $25 per month;
country. MISS D. CULLEN'. 325 Buttei st.
A COLORED girl. $20 per month, housework.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT ISS"
Waitresses for springs, resorts, commercial
hotels and city places. $20 to $23; 4 chamber-
maids to wait $20; Cook, Pacific Grove. $30: 3
cooks, $23 to $30: 2 fancy ironers. $37 50; plain ;
ironer. country. $25 and found, fare one way.. ,
FAMILY ORDERS "
German cook. Alameda, $25 to $30. see lady
here; cook. $30, country, see party here, and
a great many girls for cooking and general
housework city and country, $15 to $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for dairy hands. $25; 4 Ger-
man cooks, family work. $30; three Scandi-
navian German and Irish laundresses tor
family' work. $30; 4 laundresses for country
laundries $25; 3 German and French nurses
and second girls. $2.' and $25; 4 waitresses
for country hotels, $20; 4 waitresses, city,
$20 and $6 a week: 6 girls for housework,
■ Alameda. $25: Stockton, $25 and $!0: h large
number of girls for housework in city at $20
and $23: 15 young girls, $15. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Putter Ft.
WE want a good jrnner for French laundry:
also girls for general housework, 3 cooks and
other places; girls, we make no charge for
situations under $M. NEW EMPLOYMENT |
OFFICE, 757 Market st.
ANY lady with 2 or 3 hours to spare dally can
make $3 weekly working for us at home; noth-
ing to sell; send self-addressed envelope for
free sample. MANHATTAN E. M. CO., 101
Beekman St., New York.
WANTED Good family cook; wages $25 per
month. Apply forenoon, between 10 and 12
o'clock, at 1810 Jones St., between Clay and
Washington.
WANTED A girl for genera] housework and
cooking; references. Apply 1703 Buchanan st.
CHAMBERMAID wanted. Llndeli House,
Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS strong girl for general house-
work, $15 to $20. 710 Cole St.. near Chutes.
A YOUNG girl to assist in housework, 103
South Park.
YOUNG German girl for light housework IT"*'.
Church St., near Twenty-ninth, after 9 o'clock.
WOMAN for light housework and care of baby.
4133 Eighteenth St., above Castro.
YOUNG German girl to assist in restaurant
and housework. Apply at 534 Valencia st.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and some
housework; references. if,-\ Fell st.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $10 per
month. Call after 9 a. m., 706 McAllister st.
— _—
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., corner Seventh
and Berry sts.
WOMEN and girls— immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan at., bet.
Third and Fourth.
,
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. ' Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
A COURSE in music or languages given In ex-
change for dressmaking. &30 Golden Gate
aye.. rooms 5, 6 and 7.
WANTED— Shoe fitters, vampers. on men's
1 work, for Seattle. Apply 106 Battery st.
WANTED Strong young girl to do general
housework. 904 Taylor st. ,
EXPERIENCED operators on white work;
good position for presser; electric Irons.
BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome st.
NEAT young girl in small family for light
housework. Call after 2 p. m., 616V_ Lom-
bard st. .
200 MORE sewlnc machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32V£ Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
lIKLP WANTED — >Inle.
-~~ _ ,
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND (2 50 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 .GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FRF.F. FARE.
BO laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 76 a day and $23 and board" per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
..., COMPANY WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st
TWENTY laborers for a railroad tunnel, 20c to
27'/4c an hour; 10 laborers for a quarry coun-
■ try, $1 90 a day; 10 teamsters and laborers,
city. $1 75 a day: 10 farmers. $20 to $33 and
board; stone mason for railroad. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. 
ENGINEER and machinist for a hotel; refer-
ences required; good wages. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for a gentleman's residence in
country; man gardener and woman a first-
class conk. $50 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary St. __^
COOK for a small country club, $65. C. .R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for a ranch. $65 and found; man
to milk 6 or 7 cows and make butter and
woman to be a first-class cook for the fam-
ily. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HELP WANTED — Male.
.......... PAY YOUR FARE......
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS, 36 MILLa,
GOOD JOBS
:.NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED....^-.
YOU WILL SUIT— EVERYBODY'S GOING—
ARE YOU?
WAGES $26. $30. $40 AND FOUND .-••.
FOR LABORERS— PILE LUMBER AND
OTHER WORK •■
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay a.t.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS ••;-
-196 EXPERIENCED SAWMILL AND
WOODSMEN, PLANING MILL HELP, J.o,
$70. it>3, $50, $40 and found. MURRAY ac
READY, «34 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES 37 MINKS GOOD MINES
IS4 laborers (no experience required), anyboay
will suit, you will, $40 to $57 and found,
fare from $1 30, .steady Jobs year round •■•
12 miners, call early » w
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
FREE ■ FREE V' FREE
To every railroad (except Coast Railroad), we
ship tunnelmen, drillers, header men, labor-
ers, hammersmen, teamsters, etc i'j'"
Wages from ♦' day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St. _
BIG WAGES ....... -
14 more laborers (no experience required)..*. a
27 laborers (no experience) fare j0c...-. ■•■•■'"
12 laborers (no experience) $56 and founa
16 teamsters. 4 Horses, fare $1.. •.•■• ■ •■_•■ ■■• v :
FOR PUBLIC WORK AND CONSTRUCTION
teamsters. laborers $34 and f6und
3 coal miners, see boss here ■■•*•- and found
5 teamsters, Alameda Co $30 and found i
12 drillers, free fare ■•••• ■*•> -7,r
»2 50. $2, $1 50. $1 25 and found paid help for
HAY and HARVEST FIELDS; HAYBAL-
En BLACKSMiTHS AND CARPENTERS
7 bridge carpenters t : $ V" S3o"a"d
12 blacksmiths, $2 50, $2 day. $30 $4*. $30 and
found. _ VB .MT
BUTCHERS, STABLEMEN AND FRUIT
PICKERS
6 butchers, hops, ranches^ . _. -^ • •■^^
5 stablemen, city and Country. $40, $30 and
fOU . nd .:.::.FARMs- AND' dairies ' :.■■■• ■:•■-••;
67 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35. $30, $26, $25 and found
14 milkers and bu «". ma $ k 3^ sand Vound
i6"c'horemen,"bo'ysi *30. 526, $25. 20 i:> $10
rg d arrnfrs;'private''.\\\\\\\"^'J26"and'found
IN SAN FRANCISCO _• •• • ■••)
12 LABORERS. BOARD HOME $1 '» £ay
i 35 laborers $2. $i 75 day. city jobs
1 6 men for a. manufacturing company, city...-
$26 and found
WE ' WANT HELP FOR ARIZONA. ORE-
GON WASHINGTON. BRITISH COLUM-
BIA and HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
MURRAY &■ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ARE YOO MARRIED?
Man as waiter, wife as chambermaid, coun-
try hotel $10 and found
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid....... •
$40 and found
Man' as farmer, 'wife as c00k. ...540 and found
Man as gardener, wife as cook.. and found
Man as milker, wife as c00k.... $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 .Clay st.
i MR DAVID HAMER— Please report. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
I COOKS - . . WAITERS DISHWASHERS
1" cooks for hotels, institutions, ranches, res-
taurants, etc.. .sso, $40. $35, $30, $25 and found
Head waiter. $30; country hotel waiter, $-o
12 waiters, different Jobs •• •
$30, $25, $20 and found ;
16 dishwashers, good *)ohs •-■• •
$25, $20, $13 and found
Nurse" for institution; laundrymen; porters;
young Vian to drive butcher wagon, $25 and
found; boys for trades, factories, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay si j
WANTED ;
Blacksmith for- ranch, good steady Job at $52
and board; blacksmith, small country shop,
$45 and found
Helper for ranch $30 and found
50 farm hands $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per (Try j
10 milkers, near city $23 and $30 j
 men to work in vineyard and winery for
large company, $26 and board and up
Miners. $52; laborers fur mine, no experience,
required, $2 per day; furnacemen for mine,
$2 25 per day; and others
Swampers, sawyers, lumber pliers and Jack-
Bcrewers for mill, $26 to $35 and board and
fare advanced
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED .
Waiter for restaurant in city, $30; second
cook for mining camp, $35; cook for resort
near city, $40, see party here; ranch cooks
and others
W. D. EWER A- CO., 610 Clay st.
I BUTLER and wife, private family, wife to
cook. $45 to $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary, st.
WANTED— First-class butler for country, $40
and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED- 3 farmers and wives. $33 and $40; S
farmers, $1 25 day and $25 month; ranch
blacksmith. $2 day and board: 10 laborers for \
quarry, $1 90 day; 20 shovelers. $1 75 to $2 day;
teamsters, $2 day; miners. $2 50 day and $40
and board: woods and mtllmen. $1 75 to J2 7."
day. for Oregon and Washington: machete
man. $3 day: blacksmith's helper. $1 50 day
and board, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton St.— Butler.
$40; waiter, $S a week: waiter, country, $20.
fare advanced: dishwashers and potwashers,
restaurants, hotels, $15 to $25; nurse. insti-
tution, etc.
LAUNDRYMEN, cooks. laborers, teamsters,
farmers, dishwashers and other men wanting
employment, come to »he NEW EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and get a job this morning.
751 Market st ; phone Black 3911.
HOSTLER. $25 per month, country. MISS D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
CATHOLIC nurse, hospital, $15 per month,
country. MISS D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
PORTER, $20; dishwasher, $20; third cook, $25;
young man for hi tel office and bar. $15.
HOTEL GAZETTE; 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
BOY or young man to assist in garden. Menlo
Park, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Suiter St.
WANTED— Bright boys about 14 years of age;
an opportunity to learn the dry goods busi- j
ness in large retail house. Apply box 1545.
this ■■!•;■■•■
MAN and woman for window cooking, oyster
lunch house, references required: also men for
machine white washing. 126 O'Farrell st.
GOOD advertising solicitor for Al. publication;
liberal terms. Box 1541, Call.
BARBER wanted for steady work. WILLIAM
.FRITZs 1128 .' St.. Sacramento.
_ — _ — _ — , /
WANTED Experienced bindery boy. Apply
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 clay st
STRONG respectable boy. 17 years, living with
parents, for wholesale house. Box 1544. Call.
WANTED Good colored barber. JESSIE
LYTLE, Redding. Cal.
WANTED- Dishwasher. 210 Townsend st.
NUMBER of expert carpenters at Glen Park
this morning.
CHIEF cook wanted. 806 Mission st.
' ~~~
LUNCH waiter wanted. 17 Washington st.
WANTED Two carriage painters. Apply B.
GRAVE. 421 Pacific st.
YOUNG man who has had experience in tin- ■
shop Apply 7 and 9. 533 Mission St.
BOYS wanted from 11 to lfi years of age; not
afraid to work. 724 Howard st.; come at once.
BARBER wanted; steady place. 131 Third st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1206 Fillmore St.. near
Turk.; wages $6 per week.
YOUNG strong German man to drive bakery
wagon, 911 Larkln st.
RESTAURANT waiter wanted at 907 Kearny
street.
WOMAN wants "man partner. Third Street
Employment Office, 78 Third st.
BARBER, young man. with 1 year's experi-
ence. 1738 Market St.. opp. Eleventh St.
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber shop. GO9 Lar-
kin it ; __ ■_
WANTED A first-class man on shoe repair-
ing. 22 Ninth st. ■
BARBERS— For sale, two-chair 15c shop. Ap-
ply at agency, 104 Seventh St.
WANTED— Young man. good business edu<yi- i
tion and ability to begin as porter in whole-
sale grocery; references. Address box 561, ■
Call office.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to So-
nora free. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
SOLICITOR for printing office, 420 Montgom-
ery .st., room 33. •
SALESMEN, city and country; factory to con-
sumer: staple goods. 1171 Mission st.
WANTED— Men and women to- sell Hoover's
Headache Powders: 100 per cent profit. Apply
Hoover's Pharmacy, Cal. and Devisadero sts.
WANTED steady man to assist In light work;
must be satisfied with $16 per week and have
$75 cash. 1032 Market St., room 4.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
: . .
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair- barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 1003. Call office. Oakland.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orante Syrup; 12
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stami'. California
Orange syrup <"■-» . San Francisco, Cal.
600 MEN— Call to-day: get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
HELP WANTED — Male. ■
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after S weeks' practice; only institution tea._h
ing the tonsorial art; callorwr »*• «____3J
illustrated catalogue. MOLER S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St., near Rearm.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : U0 large
rooms: 25c per night: «l to _ per week.
WANTED-One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe- wages $2 TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOB
TRANSPORTATION CO, Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
i\ 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road. ,
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
T care of you: half-soled while waiting 35c to
. 60c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and id fts.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. '
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New ) o,k.
.V. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-006 Davis St.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. : free shaving in students department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
" per night Llndell. 6th' and t Howard: ! read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. IMVj Eighth st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
____-- n eys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; __*•*?
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63M: Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a nighty $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For SlUe
WANTED—A good horse, weight about 1200
pounds. 1737 Seventh St., West Oakland,
plumbing shop.
1 CAR small mules, 1 car large mules, at the
Canty Ranch, Gray son, Cal.
POULTRY, game, fancy pigeons for sale; fine
English pouters and fantails. Stalls 9 and 10,
Grand Western Market; loft. 8938 Army st.
SURREY; laundry wagon; work horse. 1634
Mission Ft.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth st. : auction sales every \\ ednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand: well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killlp & Co., salesyard. 1732 Market.
FOR sale— s4o; thoroughbred saddle mare; suit-
able for lady: 6 years old. 19 City Hall aye.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
7.IEL. veterinary d°ntlst. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES— -LODGING For Sale.
HI C* DECKER 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKER.
FOR OVER 23 YEARS IN THIS CITY.
12-room house: large yard: downtown $4no
IS rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor st.: $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER, 1020 Market.
12 ROOMS (corner): Is bay-window rooms: all
rented: bargain; easy payments. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
5 ROOMS new furnished flat; $150 cash, balance
$5 monthly.
32 rooms; M; block of Market: $100 a month
rent: $1200, half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms; $43 rent: very central; one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 O'Farrell st.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILS, 3 Eddy st. ; new buyers dally.
1525-^-20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$310 SNAP— 24-room house: all rented: near
Market st. : rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
WANTED •■> lease A house of 18 or 20 rooms
for 6 years: rent to be paid in exchange for
Improved ranch. Call or address 522 Howard.
FOR sale The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel. 60 rooms, situated In the center
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51.
Tracy. Cal.
GREAT sacrifice. $325: lodging house on Third
st . IS rooms, rent $40. Apply to E. ROBI-
NET. 41!'-i California St., upstairs.
$750 HOUSE. 17 rmsi. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt.. all
filled: estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
A GOOD lodging house of 19 large rooms: well
lighted: for rent cheap. 154 Tehama st.
HOUSES TO LET.
CORNER house. 6 rooms, bath; marine view;
Interior decorations; $30. 2333 Leavenworth.'
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA 66 Sunny side, 1" rooms, $15, and 9
sunny rooms. 68 Minna st., $12 50.
SPLENDID hi use: fine condition: 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first ft. : key next door.
HOUSES TO LET — Furnished.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, and largo grounds: hand-
somely furnished; at present occupied by a
family desirous of giving up housekeeping;
off. furniture for sale very reasonable; rent
moderate; excellent opportunity for family
looking for complete home. Box 956. Call.
LOST ANU I'OtM).
FOUND— July 12. small black and tan dog.
white breast, one white paw. 42S' 2 Missis- j
sippi st.
M EPICAL.
A SURE, f^fe and speedy cure for all female :
diseases: all those who are sick or discour- ;
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find j
In her a true friend; a home for patients j
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free an
confidential: home treatment. $5; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money-
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy
Ft bet Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers' helped instantly and can return home the |
tame day; no instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con.
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 912 Post st.. bet. I
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M, navies, 1
true friends of all invalids, men and women: I
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- j
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, |
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home, ;
etc ; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free ;confi-
lav: self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market st. .
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
capes of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar- I
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential: i
• home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor: office hours. '.) to 5 and 7
to 8 p. in.; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
4-DR. G. W. ODONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregular!- •
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure, consult him first. save time and money;
treatment can be used at bom": consultation
free, call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman, her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men*
knowledge: cure. $5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR POPPER. 31S Kearny st
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese ten and
herb sanitarium, 761-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
. nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
end 7 to 9 p. m.
LADIES! — Chlchester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable: take no
other; send 4c stamps for partl< lars. "Relief
for Ladles," In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists CMchester Chemical Co.. Phllada., Pa.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A.LL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure: maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free, confidential;
home treatment. $5. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness.
A- DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 215V_ Mason St.—
Private home In confinement: ladles' friend
In trouble: terms re?.?.: call and he convinced.
DV PRAE'S Female Regulathig Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
X nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
OR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $j up.
MEDICAL.
DR AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Oaf,
aye.; private home in confinement; bab,.
adopted Into, good homes.
VRS ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny horn»
ln"confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLAM-Ol'S-For sale.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
?NTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
rice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
slon St.. above Sixth.
D.no counters showcases, shelving, mirror*.
B bought! sold"nd exchanged. 1063 Mi.«- ,:.
A <SUIT $9 75: pants, $2 75. Original Misfit
Clothing Parlors. 513 ; Montgomery st.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier pups. Inquire 25
Vandewater st.
LATEST improved total adding National Caph
Register. Address J. WOHLER. Twenty-
first and Treat aye.
NEWFOUNDLAND pup for sale, in saloon. 2U
Leldesdorff St.
BOILERS, engines, lathes and Planers for
iroh- wood planers. 12 in. and 24 in.; hydrau-
pump; 2d. ■!.. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand, also win*
making mach'y. Krogh Mftc.Co..Steven«on ».
ID-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Ml.Mon.
CAMERAS and photo suppties-A full 11?----."
selling at less than cost. o!3 Hearst butMln.;
I NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plat»i
and other woodep; cheap. 417 Sacrament.: at.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h r $125. ■
h p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 52 ■ a..sslon
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kgarny St.. near Ptr.-
BA.FES — Bargains in new and second-hand, all
g|z^; half orl-lnal .st. 109-111 Market. S. P.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Ca
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. *1 per year
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— second-hand bicycle: must M
good and cheap. Box 927, Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper tears
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
• STONE. Elmhur«t.
.. MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abov»
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6'i per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8J
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain .liberal advances on diamond.-: and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by ■ rivate party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Eowell st.
ON city and country property, chattel mort-
gages, estates, rents, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. _
CASH loaned 'to salaried people on note' with-
out endorser. MOp.r>>-TT, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg.. chattel?,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRY DEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
MONET loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Farrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, '"'' Market st.
MUSICAL INSTHUMENTS.
AS~we~are selling good upright 'ianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 ail
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stetnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bouse
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell el.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grains
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE Arion piano, full, rich tone, from stor-
age warerooms, sacrificed this week for $9*
Room 21. Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand, $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
WANTED — Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st. .
VERY fine Weber. for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hihernia Bank.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP SttMnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. »6J up; installments, $0 To up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 1"6 Ellis.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy'and other pianos. 303
Post St. '
W. G. 'BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for m-i'li"- ? 1 r"*r '-far.
OFFICES ANU STOKES — To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$>io— lCs Taylor sf.
J50 — 4*5 Valencia at., corner Sixteenth.
$35— *$.< Mission st.. near Fifth.
$20 — 128 Montgomery aye.
$22 £O— S3« Howard st., near Fifth.
$17- 266 First St.
$20—354 Fourth st.
};: 1119 Harrison st., corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market St.
Offices $12 50 to >>
Light, heat, janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON & GARDINER. Room 210.
}ROCER\ corner. 217 Ninth st. ; 4 living rooms,
stable: 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
;IGAR store to let. 1342 Market si., opposite
Odd Fellows' building.
3IXTH, 53S— Store. 3 rooms: targe yard: rear
entrance; rent $10 water free.
\ WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pnj;es. In wrapper, for mailing, 51 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; classes;
offW hours. ! to - p. m. : reading. by mall. $1.
PERSONATES.
tf RS.I SUSAN DUDLEY MELBOURN left New
York State In 1854. Any news about ncr
would be thankfully received by her brother,
CHRISTOPHER DUDLEY. 521 Shawnee St.,
Leavenworth. Kan.
lOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney nt Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st . Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
S-nd for Circular. Patents Solicited.
KAG carpets wove to ord-r and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest
rates OEO. MATTHEW. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel
.EDERER'6 QUINTONICA. just the tonic the
hair needs to strengthen it: 35c hot.; Lederer's
I'oamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
IiEDERER dresses the hair in the most artis-
tic manner for 25c: this week has a sale of
beautfful combs and hats ornaments, prices
half; switches $1. 123 Stockton st. . ' -"-■.-•:,
IfME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy St.
r, BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tatlor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye. •
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
ELECTRIC tights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., .near Market: 700 rooms;
$?5c to. $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TAXI. 313 Sutter st.
>1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
LJFE insurance policies bought xor cash W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, .International Hotel.
SADIES— The Equipoise waist has no equal-
Ypsllantl underwear. OBER'S. 34 Geary st.
*.— LADIES" tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Scnsome st.
lUPTURE. stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guaiantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Krny.PERSONALS.
A— Ladles' cr gent's clothing, furniture bought.
sj'.i; tel. Mint 3ST. JACOBS, i:a F->ls-:rr. at.
SUITS to order on easy 1. .tiiiments. L.
LSMOS. HIT Market ?t-. bet. 7th and Sth.
V. ANT."!. gold for nxaaufaens. O. Noite,
jw-w^^r, 24-? O J Farrell. bet. Powell i Mason.
PHYSICIANS AVU SURGEONS.
DR. C. C ii'DONNELL. office and residence.
lC?t'-i Market St.. bet. Sixth ar.d Seventh.
PaYCUO.METRY.
HENRY HARRISON BROWS, psychorr.etrist;
reads pbaracter: s:ves advice from spirit aide
<-.• lifg- he^ls by ;ay:r.g cr. h-i.-.-'« 12v-A E.iiy.
REAL ESTATE — C I T i — F or -ale.
SOL. GETZ 1 i 'BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEAX>^UARTER3 FOR P.VRK I>>TS.
GET OUR PRICES AND LOCATIONS
AND YOU WILL SURELY BUY FROM US!
*S> to iSTO^Ca >icest sunset and Richmond lots.
rtidy to build on. 525 down. $10 monthly.
Sl5O to $3^>-Lnts en the Oc^aa boulevard and
Park. ?1J do^vr.. *o monthly.
j;.v — l_*v»! Orean View lots, near electric
-.-jir^. Jlj down, S3 rrionthly.
Jloco^-Sp!e=did 4-room and basement cottage,
close, to Mission st. an.l cars; easy terms.
C\LL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL. GETZ & BRO.,
Room A, Crocker Building.
J.KvyT. b«C i;n? ijts, snapa for caJh, Buchanan
st.; EOtO: Pixley ?-_. %*'■;: Greenwich -t.. J300:
or half cash, balance $1j per paanth;jUUe per-
fect. M-i Mar'a.et st.
REAL B A R • iA I N S.
♦U":«j to i'.y.C — Masonic av»_. tet. tVaHer ani
Frederick >t3. ; tota 23 by IflO to 113; iU street
work d:ce; terms, oce- third cash, balance 1
t: I veirs. with priviT^je of pi/in? tnstaU-
~.ent-'» f> suit at any time; loT interest.
THOS. MAGES i SONS, Z Montsomery st.
SMAXX chicken ranch; g:<id lo'. v it::c; furtUhe-i
house, ar.i lot; will water; chickens, p.^eon*.
etc: even-thLr.^ comp-iets: Railroad aye..
Scute San Francisco. Box 'is^ Call office.
ASHTON t GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
Talenda-fit. l:-n: any sizs; tUi c«er front
foot: fr:nt;Eff on 1 streets.
Tw-r-tv-third s:.. comer San Jcse aye., with
'.-prr-«mer.-5. J3<X\
S*cocd ar.d Silver st 3 .; comer, with improve-
r-.er.-a. «700.
ASHTON £■ GARDIXERi 411 M:r.-j?rmery it.—
Valencia st.. tet. Twer.ty--«e-:.:s.i mi Twenty-
third: lota «rr ?;je: dortbie r"ror.ti««.
; FLATS. 3 ar.l 4 rooms; fcath^. cellar; Pacific,
•x«t of Hyie: 3 !:r.es '-irs; fiicO m?rt?a?e:
?>:•' can remain. 54 per cent. Apply 1213
$l".i' — >.'E^* house: fcr'.ok foandailan; i i^oms
i- : tath. SPECK, Market st.
F r fR -SALE — Seven-room modern '^otta^e. lot
LcNca iv*.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For »ale
J>»;— FOR SALE— A Z-3.c-n tract set out with
i". the t— =*. varieties :i fall Searir.?- frj.:t
:r-^-. *3cd hcu«<* and I.ir^s chicken yar".i; lo-
■i:-i en the nrrth side o" the grandest toule-
v-ird ir. the we.-', i, "~?r:i.llo av-.r:-:e." be-
-•»-een fhe residence of W. J. Lan i^rs &r.i
;--.-.: M. Nippert. San Lieandro, Alameda
JIIJW r:ct. .\r.l near city: smill and large
tract*: :i:i j :res sold to I^'> families; J5OO
&-t*.s left. F:r rarv.cu'ars of imme-^e crop^
rai«e-i in dry season :-f 1597-M a.-iiresj THE
'"'•■TaTI "'"■'. VI ■'■i':f-rr.'.a St.. S. F. •
RESTAUnA-NTS.
■^"E^TERFELD'S restanrast, c^ffe* and !-•
-■-■■■-- ■'■-■- «t. : r^r':!i- rrt??i.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPpiG.
BRANNAN. 73. above Sixths-Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furciihe'i. Ji
CASTRO, 4i3 — 2 nice furnished hcujeieepinj;
pr-.vate entrinoa; Ut-; f.Jwers; oheap; no
•rLATTON. %'Z— 2 cr 3 nice. sur.r:y pjos», suit-
ahle f:r hou«eieepir.^; rent reasoM-fcle.
GOLDE2J GATE aye., «5h — Exor-ilent famished
rooms, hot and cold water, tath. closets, jrio
rar.«:e.
ErT-T. 7*3 — "ore-? iar?? nnfnralahed roisms;
laundry; lirsi yard; also j.n^ie furnished.
zed". Sir— Nioely famished hoFUswkeeptas
suite; lew rent: p-r.vate rts:'ience: nj chil-
' aren.
FIFTH. J--3 — i frmishe-i houseSeepLns con-
nectirtg, SIZ: <so 2. li. tingle. X-
FOLSOM, 523-^Paxtor 3oor of three lar?e ro-:ms.
iell f"rr::?h--l : priTate family; suitable fcr
it; families of friends.
FOURTH. 223 — Furr.ishe-l rooma for h-jusekee^)-
-!r.?: also s'.r.^le rooms.
GEART.'f 131T— Parlor.^ bedroom.^ dining SroesaJ
kitchen, bath, toilet, je-a.3, yard,' ta«ement.
GOLDEN GATE -,t».. liO+^-Snnny fro-r.t r;cm
r--r 2. Til: also- hcu-eker-fins.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. li'i4— Front «unny rooms.
- ■— irlete for hanseteepln?. $1J: laree room J".
If.vTES. 113 •The JeweliV— r*?lnil= furr.i?he-i
h?kre. re ;. ; re.i.-. ; gus. bath; aisi> *:r:?'e.
HOWARD. T.H. cor. 3d st.— Nice sonny rMnu
en suite or s:r.i:e: also hou~ek»ep;-»«f.
HYDE. ?v'j — " sunny rooms; c>an; s-rand rtew;
win furnish to suit tenant: rent Hi month.
IVANHOE. 1"<:C P.l'hu cor. Geary— L^ght. clean.
= :r.-v; fur. hkps?. suit's (3 to a r.). Jl3 up-, ret.
JONES. 17114. c»«r Broadway— Lower floor.' 4
Funny ro-irns; clean: well fttrn&hed; i healthy
:'.v»; vieTr;'r»nt ZV> p<?r month; key in
rear hrise. ,
LaGUXA. 113 — Furnished htxtseteeotng p»m
and kitchen, with every :■ mrenieace. for 1 cr
. • reliable working w;m»n: sun all mmd; rea-
sccab!».
LiGI'NA. $Zt <M. JamesV^-Fornlsbed ari •;--
-*;.-r. :-;-"i; '.Leh-. hocs«keepiag: reason-ib'e.
LEW IS. W. ■-" Taylor, near i*---?*.— Four ur.fur-
nl*h»d rooms; bay-window; $13.
MARKET. ISSS^-Largs sunay frost rocrs and
kttchen; '-ii.-i; bed; cioset; tl2.
McALLI'TER. +47. corner Van Ness— Niceiy
furnished -sunr.;,- connecting houseitpg rooms.
MISSION. \lZl'-~. r.r. 7th—! connectim* ms..
c — -;- -■■• ' - ■---•=: .. £■-•: stove; 5! 7,0 per wk.
CaK. 54 — Front hay-window rm. or su:::
also ■•■rr.T'l'-'tely furnished bouse&eeping rm.
OCTAVIA; IV3. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-
window. S7: w:th icitehen. pas =to?e. SIL.
O'FaP.RELL. "-"1— 3 unfurnished roomi to let;
6>»ra— ite •".trvrc: j'ard: rent r=a.«or.able.
SIXTH. 4Cs— l^arti? sunny froat roomj with or
without hcu?eke«c!njf.
SOUTH PARK. 1:4. near Thirl-: sonny front
rooms complete f>rr b=Xp?. ; nicely furnished.
BUTTER. IUI. r.r. LarkithfComfortably fum.
sinyie «rUt<»s: also hsipz.; terma reajo-nabie.
THIRTEENTH. 179. near H : ward— Two ianr-s
tmfumished cr partly furnished roc ma to Ut.
TT'RX. lIS— Z hou?"ie<»Fin>c rooms. Si': lanr-
front r/)n with «?.* rz.~.g" r 114: iar?e suit. Sli.
TURK. 2V. near Hyde — Parlor floor. 3 fum!she<i
rooms, ccrnpl'te for housekpsf. : private haus«.
VAN NESS aye.. I.ll— Sunny front saite, I or 3
rooms; kitchen; pas range.
A WEEK'S r?m for 5 cents— the Weekly Call.
li pag?s. :n wrapper. Tor mai'.tng. il per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infnrn.
ASBOTSFORD "The!, cor. Broadway and P.jllc
«uiet and homelike; rooxas bright ar.i BUnnyy
sinsfi?. suite; cnarses moderate: cars direct.
a— BRUNSWICK liouse. 145 .<iith— Rooms.
rV: to Jl per nijht: SI 25 to Jo i^r week, and
light hcusekeepir.x: (.pen all r.i^ht.
ARLINGTON House. HI Kearay st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite cr single; £rst-cla3a
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 143 Taylcr. ccr. Eddy— Sunny furnished
rooms: catering to the profession; proprietress
retired from th? profession.
AT Hotel FranelßCO. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Hcmei;ke house; modern lervlce; tievator;
fcath- rooms. 50c ti> Jl CO day. MRS. J. KrNG.
. . ,
AT New Grand. 2vi 3d— Z r A l^t-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; s<Jc to 14 wk; a!»-o fcouselceeplng-.
CA.RROLTON. i2M Market, cor. <Jolden Gate
aye. corner; well fnm. rms. is. effices.
CLIFFORD. :04 Ellis, comer Maaqn— Elearantiy
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 3— Nicely furnished sunny ... room;
Mark'et-st. view; reasonable.
FIFTH. 221— Newly renovated sunny rooms,
$1 ZZ to tZ Z-'i per week.
FOLSOM. 523. r.»ar Fourth— Furnished sunny
rooms. $1 per week.
FOURTH HV-i. nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice fr»nt rms.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre* — Convfcrtatiie furn.
rsctns;' travelers accommodated. MRS. HTER.
GEVRT, s^s— Elearantly furni^h^l front and
tack parlors; piano; phone; hskpg-.; other rms.
LARKIN, 804— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
'ni«hed; $4.
OBA.VD SOUTHERN. SE. ccr. Sev-nth and
Mission »ts.— Sunny rooms, ea spite or stnyie;
ladies' paxlcrs; rsailis.rocsi; eievator.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. anil I'nfarn. j
GRANT AYE.. T— Z Elegant front suites; suil- j
aU<5 for ofSce or Uvir.g rooms. |
HANCOCK H lse Til Mission— Select family I
rcomin; hcuae; II iO to J5 per week.
HOTEL Grosrenor. 2U Sutter nr. Sto-cxton— |
Sunny suites, single rffij.; eiev.; Er*e batja. ;
HOWARD, S22— Furnished and" uniursishei I
rooms for hcusekeeping. j
HOWARD. 953Vi— Lovely b*y-window room: !
quiet, homelike; tath: }2 .iQ wit. : prgf. ,
JESSI.E. r.54. near Fourth ar.d Market— Newly '
furnished rooms, single and double. ;
MARKET. '7iZ'-2— Neat newly furnished races;
central lecation, Jl to S- per we-k.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eiffhth— Nswiy furnished bay- \
■win low rocm. Jl p»er w-r<ek; trinslent.
NICELY new furnished sunn- rooms *n suite I
or =;sj!e; first-claj-a in every r*?Eeot:_ quiet ;
house; for gentl-rman. C. T. rC., box MX, Call.
KICK sunny flat, l roonu and tath; rsnt cheap. i #
IT.-5 Jones St. ' ■-' ;..:'--'•' ■•'■ I
NINTH. 12-rOne niceiy famished sur.ny front !
room; private family; ba.th:- S3. \
NINTH. 111. near Mlsaioa— Sunny front rooms, j
single ani double. |
OTaRP.ELL. :•:■— Sunny fnmlanej rooma ar.d i
ofnees; elevator; electric lights; day. »k.. nro. '
OTAREELL. T*i, near Hyl^— 2 handsosMly
furnished ai>zove suites; sunny; also single.
POST. 702— Newly furnished parlor suite; 2 ;
gentlemen or couple; reference.
P.OTaL House, 126 ETi'.a ■&.— lncandescent :
!iiht. reading, room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 50: :
w-vk, $2 to S3; month. *? to $na; elevator on !
ofirtj floor; rooms with hot. cold w at. : bath>. ':
SBEBMAK Apartment Ki-u^e, 2S Ei«hth St.. i
n-*ax Market — Furnished and unfurnlshei
SIXTH. 32. nr. Market. Hilisdale Hoaae— Kle- [
s*nt furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
SiXTH. *3>^-Ele«rant parlor suite; running ■
Tittr, fcatfc. eto. ; reas'jnable.
BOOTH PAHK. <-;. off Third— 2 neatly furr.:shed !
rooma: pr.-. at? fim. ; .sas; bath; 5^ ar.i JT mo. '
-:! - ; -
also single rc-jma.
ST.'i-I'KR. 4-r— 3 sumy fnrnlghed rooms to !-?t.
TURK. SSK-Xlce samsy fnmlsh«d room, ran- j.
nin^ water, tath, private fanoilv, $7 month. ■
TlfH Piedmont. U3A Sixth St., ccr. Minna — |
Sunny bay-window rccs:s. I.
THS Oaks, 113 Third — A (rood ryxin; hcroaa i
for r^>i people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THS Oliver. 3<:3 Fotsom. cor. Sth — Sunny comer j
rtrj., suites and single: eas; bath: new man^t. i
THTSLD. -5. r.r. Market— Sunniest rcoma in San !
Francisco: white l:?nts; extra jrood beds: eh;*. i
THIKD, l>y-. near MissMn— The Seattle— Nlca •
sunny roonos. US to ft i
TI'RX. V 2— A r>r:or floor of 3 cr • rooms. !
- -
VAN NESS. 911 — rarlcr suit^. 3 rooms, cr J
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly '■
Call. IS pases, »ent to any ai!~6s ir: tha !
T*r.!r»d ?*q;es. r'-^rfaid. f~r II rer r^.ir.
SEWT3TG MViHI>K> AJVD SUPPLIES. \
f M'">NTHL.T rent&i: repaired, touxht. sold;
maci-.ine surj'-ics. IS .Suth: phor.e Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, exchanged, rented; re- I
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THS Gi-ia* Directory Orphan Asylum ?i - -»s i
notice that tr.e loUowVog ctrhans an 1 half-,'
crptana have te-n received :-to the orphan- i
ace from January 1 to July L 1533: fj-ert:* ,
Sanchez, 7 y^arj; Uziie 1-a.t.g. 12 veara J
months; Winifred Casntt. a years 1 rj-.ont-;
Rath laaa.:s. 2 years; Lilly Isaaos. J years: \
L«-ui«a Greenwood. 4 years S months: Ir»n*
Greenwood. 2 v-?ars 10 months; Matilda L!n-
tia. > rears; Err_rr.a SesMßCtna, 3 years: Julia .
Semonctna. 2 years V) month-;; May Welsh.
I years 2 months: Nora Br:derics, j years; .
Marian Gillian. 11 years 3 months; Veronica :
r'tne^r.. ! years 3 months; Mary Ca-.-an. 2
w&rKS tfcundlir.e); Arthur Da vies. 4 years i'
month?: Harry 'iag-e. 3 years ♦ mor.-Jj?; Jo- i
e^ph Charier. 1 years 2 months; Nick An-
drews. ' r-ars M months; Lake Andrews, i :
years 1 mi-nth: John Jam«s. 3 years 1 month:
Frank James. 5 years: Tommy Fine. 2 years:
George Lintia. i years : Fr&l Eaton, 4 years ;
•S rr-.or.ti-j; Tommy Thomberg, S yesjrs 3
months: Alexandra Nelson, I years; Frank
Johnson. 4 yeori 1 month:
EAD ter.mts ejected for J4: collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION :
CO.. 4"..; Montgomery st." rooma 9-10; te!_ 5520. ;
p.-r.i;? rar«red from J2: whitened. Jl up; ;
' .-Vint: rg -'.-.r*. H;-r-in r->.<— '--.. ~3 W .«■:
SPIRITUALISM.
MMX. TOt'NO'S c.*nvinciog spirit messafres to- !
night >:5 McAllister et.; 13c; come, skeptics, j
M'"*TK"R 5AI>IB: w»*nee to-iay, 12 o'clock; |
f'o. i r< i Leavenworti St.
AT Friendship Han. £!3 VlcAlllster. sittings ;
daily. 2, i p. m.; testa by good mediums; IPr. |
GYPST life reader, returned -with renewal
power in spiritualist reading. £>• up. S 7:h. '
MRS ELLIS, testa to a M .: TBea.-Prt.'; 2p. m. ; :
Mti . <: So- « ; tt.<r.gv T. 2" Vi>:^'i -■
STORAGE.
CALA. Stcrac- War-hou-*. F. SMITH, prop.. \
722 Mission: goo-ij jT.ira_r.:*e<;; tei. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Stora?» and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tei. Main STU. i
PIERCE A TATLOR. packing and =t:ra^» of
fern 4H. H roods 715 «*- r --*' Black 31L ;
. • i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. I
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
i.:.*"— L'.-T V.x::«; west side St. Charles st.
JlSfl — Cottage. 5 rojcs, hath. etc. ; 2ne \-jca.- |
tion; iar?» lot- . '
J.V.VV! — House, 10 rooms; lot +."t140: choice toca-
t*-n.; Central aye., near Grand St.; great bar-
gain.
j^'V — H'-u«e, 1 rorrr.?. modern; water front
lot. f}-x.Zz>~>: i~t-ton ar*., cear Cheatmst st.
Morton st. — Corner lot. l'»xli}; beautiful real- j
decce. I3CCO. reduced to rr^C.
E. D. JX'DD CO.. H2* Park st.
r-v^-FINE lot ov. Say sho~.
t&XK-Modern c<;:ta?e. 3 rooma and bath: lot
SSxlSfi; near Hiarh School ar.d depct; terms. Jl*}
cash. J2i} per month.
J32C')— New cr,tta2;». * rorrr:i« and bath: lot 42x
?jT; op<?« plumbin?. plate zUsa. etc.: half block ;
from station ar.d Hls'i School: easy terms.
Horn's tuU* to suit purchasers rr. »a»y terms.
Houses to l^t ir. all parts of Alarn-da.
H. P. MOREAL * CO.: :t« ParS «-.
ILAMLUA HOO3IS A.\L» HOAIiU.
HOMF, fcr ladie-j In delicate health; !arz^
rrocuds: prfrate STRS DR FCXKR: I*l* tth
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS |
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A LOVETLT littls home near the hills; house [
cf 3 rooms. lot 100x113. part of an orchard,
plenty of run for ehio**ns; only 3 blocks from
electric" railroad. Apply JOS. J. MASON. |
Berkeley station. . i I
HA. H.4.:— Just the placs you were Icokln? for !
where you can rai«e poultry close to town: j
a Sn» rl*oe of preperty. size 1«55125. 2-«tory
boose cf T rooms, painty cf water. 1 block
from ei»otric railroad and only S minutes'
from ra!!r n ad station. Apply JOS. J. ■
2CASOX, Rea! K.^tat-*. B*rk°!'?y station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOS ROADWAY
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
LOTS 50x2»; tet. San Pa^lo^v^Tand Market
St., North Oakland; most be soid at ones:
price $2'J-5 ar.d upward. Address R. J. MONT- .
GOMERT. 4TO :2th st.
EXECUTOR'S Sale— Fine bu«ine« s comer lot.
s'>xij f»*t. in heart of Oakland. b<rt. Ninth and
Fourteenth sts.: "within 2 blocks of Broadway; i
convenient to bread and narrow jaapi trains ' i
and ail street car lines; appraise<l at J42o>); i
wKI acc»pt bid of |3i»} and a=k court to enn- '
f.rm ?a!<?; a snap. Apply to B. MoFADDEN, | '
Execntor. 504 Broa^Tay. Oakland. j )
■■ ' - = 1
OAkLA.VU Ft KM ILK:: FOR SALE. ;
AN lrtrtwlucticn to you from H. SohellhaaCth* '
fnrnltare d«a'«r. nth a-d Franklin. Oakland.
~ ASSESSIIE.\T SOTICES. j
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of bus;-" *
n"r«s. 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal. s
Notice U hereby given that at a meeting of J
the Board of Directors, held on the 2ith day 1
cf June. 1i33. an assessment tNo. 6) of cne i
11) cent per share was levied upon the capi- t
tal stock, of tire corporation, payable Imme- t
diately in United States iroM coin to the s«c- «
retary at the office of the company at the '. 1
above address.
Any sack upon which this assessment shall t
remain unpaid OB the 30th day cf July. 1339. *
wiil be delinquent and advertised for sale ac "
public auction, and unless payment ia made
before, will be sold on the ISth da.y cf Au-
gust. !539, to pay ths delinquent assessment,
trMsrether with costs of advertising and ex-
pens** o£ sale. By order of the Board cf Dl- i '
rectors. CHARLES A. HVG. Secretary,
327 Market st. |
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THUBSDAT, JULY 27, ISO 9.
DIVIDE*! KOTICE*.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. S5 (10c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will te payable at the cf2c« of the company
en and after Tuesday, August 1. 1333. Trans-
fer books will cicse on Wednesday, July 23,
USS. at 2 o'clock o. zn.
£. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A " ---- 'r : cents— The Weekly Call.
•■■---■ - - for mai'.'r.?. ST. per year.
BBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued a3 folowa:
Rlcharl Meyer and Esther Hoil_zer 11-13
Isaac Oailber? Jr. and Huldah Neison 32-22
Angela Cnpurro and Mary L. Avancino 2T-I3
Henry W. Adaml ar.d EUie S. Jaas&o !S-M
John Soholte and Mary Boyle 41-41
Wilfred L. Brown and Alver-tta Klmbark. s2-33
Julius Strauss ani Nelly Meyer 27-11
Edwarti S. B;li and Jessie L. Dresser 21-21
Daniel O* Flanagan and Edith Zumtni 13- U
William Menses and Bertha Meier 24-:*
J. C. Co-r.treras and Julia OvallJ 4.1-3*3
ci:.:: :; -;;arriasEs-eeatis,
Birth. marria?e and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication ofScea and be
indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
EOF.:"
FAF.WELL— In this city, Ju!y 23, 1539. to the
wife of P. W. Farwell.- I son.
HTNE3— In this city. July 23, ISS9. ta the wife
of William D. Hynes, a sen.
MYERS— In this city. July 21, IS3O, to the wif«
cf Murray Myers, a Eon.
KAVFMANN— In this city. July IS. 1339. to the
wife ot Slg. Kanfmann. a son.
MAERIZD.
BEHP.ENS — CHAPLAIN— In this city. July 2*5.
1>3'.5. by the Rev. J. G. Mar.jrold. Waiter S.
Behrens and Emily Ruty Chaplain.
BERNARD— EPHRAIM— In this city. July 23.
1539. by RaJbbi Isidore Myers, Samuel J. Ber-
nard and Frances Exhrais, bcth of San
Francisco.
BRCCXMANN— ARNOLD— In this city, July
2S. 1S». by the Rev. William C. Pond. R. C.
Eruckmann and Lillian. Arnold, both ot San
Franciscc.
DIED.
Amprimo, Antonio Murphy, Annie
Barracks. Koy Murphy, Mary H.
Clay. Mrs. Margaret Nielsen, Christina M.
Dierze. John O'Connor. Mrs. B.
Drlscoll. Harry Rankin, James D.
Ore^r. Francis Roony. Hannah
McGann, Marg-aret . Schade. G&;r£i
McGlnley, Sarah Schueti. David
Mahoney. John '■ Taylor, Fanny E.
Morse. Charles 3.
AMPKIMO— In Larkspur, July 2s. l? 09. Aatocftj
Amprirr.c-. a native oi Italy, a?ed 37 years.
cs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, frjni St. P^aphaers
Church. Interment at can Rafael.
3ARKACKS— In Fitchbur?. Alaineda County.
July 25, 1i33. Roy. son cf James an<i ilary
Farraoks. a native cf Oakland, aged li years
it a,rd 3 days.
CTV^riends and acquaintances ara respe>:t-
ftilly invited to attend the funeral this 'lay
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, Fitchburr. on San Leandro
road. Intertnent St. Mary' a Ccmetsn'.
CLAT4-In Oakland. July 23, 1i33. Mr?. Mar-
garst A. Clay, mother cf C. C. Clay, and
grandmother of llrs. H. A. Stephensoa, a^ed
95 years 5 tnonti-.s and 21 days.
CT Funeral services this day • Thursday) . at
11 o'clock, at the residence of Mrs. Stephen-
ion. li Thirteenth street, corner of Madison.
Interment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery, San
Francisco.
DIERZE— In this city, July 23. 1?59. John
Dierze, beloved brother of Mrs. Madeline
Lhuillnrs, and uncle of Celestin* ar.d John
LtoiUiers, a native of France, aged 3i year-s.
DP.ISCC'IX— In this city, July 2S, 1599, Harry,
beloved husband cf Louise DriscoU. and S'-n
cf the late William and Ellen Driscoli. a na-
tive of F.jlsom. Cal., asr*d 33 years.
GP.SEP-— ln the City and County Hospital,
July »€. 1>33. Francis Gr~er, a. native of Scot-
land, aged 32 year-.
McGANN— 2n this city, July t6. I=o7. Margaret.
relict of Thomas McGann, and be-iove-i mother
of Frank P. and the late Thorn tut, Jam^s 6_nd
William McGinn, a^-ed 75 years and 5 months.
M-GINI-ET— ln thi3 city. July ZZ, I ; 3S. Sar.ih
McGlnley. a nativa of Ireland, ajred To years.
MAHONEY— In this city. July 25, 1539. John.
beiored sc-n of William and the late Juiia
Mahcney, and brother of Michael. Katie. Wil-
lie and Magffte Mahoney and Mrs. Jam's
Flyr.n. a native cf £<tn Francisco, ased ?i
>«!?.
MOP.SE— In this city. Jaiy 24. 1533, Charles 8..
5-r. .-•* the 'ate T. J. and Celia Morse, and
brother of Robert X., Suiie A. and James E.
Morse. a native ot San Francisco. (Sacra-
mento. Ca:.. rap-srs please cony.)
-C7"The funeral will take place- thi3 day
(Thorsday), nt ii3o o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bro*.. li Eddy street.
theno% to. St. Dominic s Churcc. where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be. celebrated for the
r?i>:-3* of hi 3 soul, commencing at 3:30 "o'clock.
Interment Ha-iy Crocs Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. July 26. 1539, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Einiei Murphy, and
mother of Daniel F. Murp'iy. Mrs. Mary Law-
son ari Mr-. Katie O^erove, a native of
Newton Lower Fails, Mass.. ag-ed 52 years
3 months and s days. (Boston. Mass... patera
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t> attend the funeral to-morro-ar
(Friday), at Si3o o'clock, from the parlors of
McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. ther.c<? to St.
Patrick's Church, where services, will be held
for the repose of her soul, commencing- a:
10 o'clock. Interment Ho-iy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. July.SS, 1599, Mary X-,
beloved -wife of John F. Murphy, and taring
mother of G^nre H., Edward R . Frank .1.
ar.d May Murphy and Mrs. P.. J. Fails cf
Vallej©, a native of Ire'ar.d. a^ed 65 years.
Ej^Fri'cds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited \? attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 5:30 o'ct-^ck. from her late resi-
dence. Z^A Twentieth street, r-etween Mis-
sion and Valencia, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mas 3 win be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at '»
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
S'IELSEN— In this city, July 2*5. 1S», Christina
Mara, beloved wife ot S. P. Nielsen, and
mother .>f Harry and Henrietta Nielsen, a
native of Tristed, Denmark, agid 40 years 3
months and 24 days.
y CONNOR— In this city, July 2<5. 13S», Mrs.
B. O'Connor, relict of the late J. 3. O'Connor.
a native of tha parish cf Anaklasy. County
Cork. Ireland, a red SZ years.
RANKIN-In this «ty. Z^.y X. 1539. at Fort
Point lighthouse. Presidio, Jam-s David, be-
loved son of Mr. ar.d Mrs. Jam^s Raskin, a
native cf Saa Francesco, agid 21 year 3 and <5
months.
E7"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited *•> attend the funeral to- morrow
(Friday^ at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. Fort Point light station. Presi-
dio. Interrcent private. National Cemetery.
ROONY— In this city, July 24. IS3O, Hannah.
befored wifa of John Roony. a native of ths
City of Cork, Ireland. az»:i 3T years*
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
di»nce 223T Nineteenth street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Uc?rromeo. Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a solimn reijuieni
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at »:38 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
sr-HADE— In this city. July 25, 1539. Georee,
fi beloved son of ths late August and Julia
Bchade adopted son cf Ailde Schenck. and
cousin" of Mrs. E. Isaacs, a native cf San
Francisco, ased 12 years and . months,
C7"Frien(is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
at * o'clock, from his late r^s!-
<*en^e. -23 Valencia street. Interment I. O.
6.' FV Cem^terv-.
SCHUXTZ — In "this city. July M. 15S0. David.
" dearly beloved husband cf Magdalene Schuetz
(nee 'Ehrmann), a native of B-thlinffen. Ba-
i-a-ia. Germany, sjg&l 43 years ar.d 4 months.
i^TFrier.ils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors of
th» Gartner & Gurtz Undertaking Company.
«"and 19 City Hall square, thence to St. Boni-
face' » Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
Jcres street, where a solemn requiem hisb.
ma« 3 .will be celebrated for the_ repose of hia
s^x2^ commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croea Cemetery-
rAYLOß— In San Mateo, Cai.. July to. ISS9.
Farny Eastr>n. widow of Edwani Taylor, a
nativa of West Martlnsburs. N. V., aged S3
years.
jr-^s^rvices at the residence in Sart Mateo
Thursday, at 3 o'clock a. m. Prfvata inter-
ment at Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
Omtt Sowers.
Wadham "Was Not Dismissed.
During the last few days the state-
ment itO.3 teen, published that E. L. Wad-
larn, secretar>- of the Society for the Pro-
ectlon of Children, had been deposed
rom office by the board of trustees, ar.d
hat Peter Beanstoa had been selected to
ill the place. Mr. Wadharn denies that
my such action has been taken, and
rives the following as the condition -cf af-
• a i«s relating to the matter: Several
veeks c?o he asked the board to him
in assistant, who would attend to ihe
iffice York and the clerical duties, aa
.Vadhaui desired to be manager cf the
mtside work. The duties of both places
xeitoo much for one man to attend to.
V'-eciaily a-5 the care of the Eureka Boys'
lame containing about forty children,
ail npor his shpulders. Th» request was
-ranted and the new assistant will he ta
he office before ■ long. Mr. Wadhaia
tates that when it is considered that
hrou«ch his efforts the present board was
lected it is not likely they will oust
tlm from the place.
• hLNRY J. GAI*L>AGttER CJ..
(Successor* to Flanagan * Gallagher).
ruNEP-\L DIRECTORS AND EHBALMEHS.
S> Firth st.. oppoilta Lincola ocft-TOi.
Xeiep cci» gcuta M.
HCKTEL AtvRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E B Jordan Jr. Seattle Mrs S B Lenter, Pa
i Mrs E 3 Jordan Jr. Hiss If McClure, Pa
t Seattle E J Meybery. L An?
J J Lyons, N V i 1 "' - : Stevenson, Cal
I C Hanley NY T *V Roach. Kan.
I A. L Root N x lira T XV Reach, Kin i
!L X XewSSrk, N 1 A Elor, ilsx .
! Mrs E J t~"hil'Ls, N T Urs A. Elor, ll?x ;
! C L ChUds, NY C Fredericks, Hex
> Mrs Z Eiiiott. Detroit Mrs C Fredericks, X i !
i Mtsa I EUtctt, Detroit A C Ely, Conn
i a F Walker, NY EC Ely, Conn
! Mrs .- F Walter. N V G Ely, Conn
Ml«a M II "Walker, N V Ml=a a .i. Aleiiniar,
ii'^s X E Waiier. N V Ccna
1 i L JUertaskr Stocktn Mlis j CttappeO, Conn
! O P Jenkins, Stanford * C Brewer, Conn
I A Hunter Oakland Mrs F C Brisker, Ccz.n
i R G -BonestelL Cal |ED Brewer. Ccna
iL A B^>3cn Damson !H A Bue'^, Milwaukee ;
! :-. v Elli* Cai ! J Haslocher, Cakiai* ■
'J M Lesziksky. NY C E^VTwelock &w. 111
!H L Scbumbor?. Pa G ■ 11l
1 Mrs E W Taacr, Neb 'R w^** 1 :^ i - "^ t
I Was Tafcor Neb 9 A Hodger. Chicago
MrsJ McLiu^hlin, Ca! '- g" 7 J C w> a£a
SSSKSffS^ * B H S s =, T^nver
I ? l^ niSk3^ |J w Barry, Cnicago
I \r t t rtwin. G s Ntam & w. Colo
5™ i- *.. ■ w a Foynter. Neb
**? A Fb«e E jfoeanemZ Germany
I *l n i; Z S leii ; J A Campbell, Phiia.
; Mrs M EGortaa w H Uewellyn. Pn:U
I Master Osborne ,-\ V - Eentham, Quebec
M:sa A M Beldin^ : ij^j H F Br-.sgs. Minn
M^ss L A Stockdale . j Miss T rises M'nn.
M:sa m L Rice ji iS3 c Brigg-3. Minn
Misa M E Osgood ; ii r:J t Ober(?ider. 11l
Miss M E Murray MUi R Oberfeider. 11l
Miss M B Drew ; Miss M Oberfslder. 11l
C H Wilson 'Miss B Oberfelder, 111
Miss McLau^h'.in. Cal J A Chase. San Jos<s I
D DinkeJsptei, NY :B S Eteatach, N v
R H He-over. L Ang -J W Gross, Phili
M P Rich. N V Mrs M Rich, N T
Mrs H Kingslwry, N V Misa F Rleb, N V
Miss S Kisgsbixry, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
TV L Folline, S Jose G A Ste-wart, Cal
G A Perriinan, S Jose F VanForst, Ckiah
i B -Haig-h. Heaiisbur? F L Bond. Lakeport
• "W C R-bbins. Suiaua H Yearcans. Chicago
i J R iUliir. Heaidsburg T Penny & vr, Cal
' lira D Lewis, Sanger "W D Black. L An?
' H J Pnager. Fresno ,"W F Wlfty, L Ani
'■■ Misa M:ortead, Pa Chicago
': Mrs M ~penc«r. Oillo F Davidson & w. Cal !
■ 1 M Peart Cal - - McCartney. Oakland i
! Dr Rngsle*. Stockton C L CWlda. N V
! A Dewail. Livermore M Elder, New Mex?C'> ;
iC A Llmboij Cal H HubbanJ & -sr. Nebr
r A B Glenn. Cal Mrs Ctoats. Minn
I"W Copeton & tv. Cal Mrs Knight, 'Vaona
! W TLrmtng-. Martin*! ; GearbarC Fresno
i F Coykendkß, S Jose P. Effey. S Crtiz
! - Dannentauni." Vaiiei M Bl??s Jr, OrovUle
i J Wiilian^i. VaUejo F Murdock, Stocktoa
I R ? Brcsm, P*etalun:3 G Jones & w, Cal
i L Plck^rinj?. Portland F J France, Cal
i J McCartney. Oakland G A Smith. Cal
i D Richardson, Spokane F W Buck, Seattle
!P. D Willis, Sunoi * Mrs T B Carr. Seattle j
| B F Turner. Scckana " J A Baker. Wash
j J G Black. Cal J X Tor.lev. VaUejo ;
; W RoGson, Vancouver Devendorf, S Josa
i E Eldredge, Cal ( J A Black. Cal
< X Justin. 3akersf!eli !L Gissberg-er i vr, Cal ,
; T Van CaZln. Denver ! Mrs Harrison. Stocktn i
• Mrs E W Tabcr. Colo'Mlas O Parsons. L Xns '
i M;»a E Tab-^r Cole 'M:aa Dickson. L Ang
■ Mrs E J Chllda, N V :Mrs Selford, Indiana
; Master Ciild*. NY E Matthewson i w,
: W Green. Topeka I Ssdina?
1 I* Campbell. S Jose M:ss Robinson. Sul^un |
i TV E Powers, N V Miss French.. Cle*.-elanl
I J Peart. Cal. May AHa Cleveland j
' F M Todd. Aurnrn C A Holland. Sonera '
i W L Capp?. Springfield R M Sefcaltze & ■»-. Va |
: F Mason, Sacto L F Brown. Sacta
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
' W Wright, P.ediir.z B Ireland, Vacaville
i F Tharwa.il i w, Ohio P. Smith, Cui!i«to?a
J P Ji>hn.~;n, Fresno J An-ier«»sn. Suisun
I A B Goewey. Ptttshrg L E Sauvie. Portland
'Dr Sloan aw. lowa ;E V? Kirk. Ohio
1 J T Black & w. lad 1-7 S JchrLron. Fresno
; S E Baliari. sta P. ; ;=a IE S Jones, Nebraska
1 C L Beitz. S-^irna" IJ P Davenport. L Ar? !
1 *-V Hanfonl! San Ma*eo P W McCallum. N Z
T M Cra -- Stocfcta J Hickey, L'kiah
■ ♦ ■
A DSAYMA.VS BRAVE ACT
Jack Kennedy Stops a Runaway and
Prevents Dam i to Life and
Property.
An exciting runaway occurred in the f
> commercl.Ti section of this city yester- •
! day at noon. It was stopped by the he- j
I roic eiVirts cf Jack Kennedy, a drayman, j
and little damage was done. The driver i
of the maddened horse narrowly escaped j
' death, as the wagon in which he sat tilted
and swayed, s-tnkine sidewalks and col- '
tiding with other vehicles in the narrow j
street. ?.
The runaway team was the property of !
a grocer at Sixth and Minna streets. At
1 neon yesterday while at the corner of '■
California and Montgomery streets, the j
bit broke in the horse's mouth, releas- !
ing the reins and causing the driver to
lose ail control over the animal. The ;
loosened harass frightened the horse |
and it broke into a mad run. A dash 1
was made down California to Sansome. ;
then up Sansome to Sacramento, where
the horse swung around abruptly Into )
Sacramento street.
As the swaying vehicle approached Bat
tery street, Kennedy, whose dray was
standing at the corner, caught sight of !
it. and realizing the driver's danger, i
; sprang Into the street and met it. He j
seized a portion of the broken harness i
and clung on until he brought the ani
mal to a haic some distance beyond. Hia |
act was applauded by bystanders aa ex- j
i ceeding'.y brave, and the driver appra
; ciated his bravery by presently him with
:— * c <*h_2 _
H
Mrs. Johanna Fitzgerald yesterday filed j
! a contest against the will of her de- j
i ceased sister. Mrs. Bridget Greany. who j
! died recently. The contestant allege?
! that the deceased was of unsound mind
; and that she executed the testament i
while in a dying condition and under the j
ur.d;.ie Influence of her stepson. John T.
Grear.v, Assistant District Attorney.
Julian Pinto yesterday applied for let
ters of guardianship oi tie person and
estate of Attorney P. C. Trusseau. It
i~ all-sed that Trusseau is incompetent
to care for himself by reason of his in
firmity.
Judge Edward A. Belcher of the Supe
rior Court returned from the Yosemita
Valley yesterday morning-. Monday morn
ing: he "wili aga:n convene court in De
partment 7. * ■ ; '~"/ : «_
John Bruckman has sued the Plttsbur^
Gold Milling Company to recover 532.553 \
on a judgment- rendered In the Superior!
Court on August IT. IS3-L
James Cassin and John Beach, the two '
soldiers from the Morgan City who raised :
a disturbance on Kearny street by tiring
Off their rifies. appeared in Judsre Conlan's
court yesterday and were Immediately fol
lowed*by a provost euard from the Pre- .
sidio with their rifles at the shoulder.
The uvo prisoners were handed over ta.;
the guard to be taken to the Presidio.
The entry of the armed soldiers into tha j
court caused a sensation, and when a I
policeman yelled to them to take off their
hats he was rebuked by the Judge. ■ :■'
S. Evans. B. Franklin and John Lee, the <
three bur.ko m^n arrested in a. saloon on i
Kearny street on the charge of petty lax- ;
ceny while shaking dice with a stranger, j
had' their cases dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday; as the stranger said he had j
no kick coming. They were then charged
with vagrancy.
Dan Lafferty. who is well known to the
police, appeared in Judge. Treadwell's
court yesterday en the charges of battery j
and disturbing the peace. Tuesday he
followed William Price of Elsie street.
Bernal Heights, and his wife for a block
and then attacked them both. Mrs. Price
was knocked down and severely kicked.
The Judge convicted htm on both charges
and ordered him into custody, fixing his
bonds in $1000 on each charge. '. •.:•
George Hayes; a sneak thief, who stole
a chair from Special Officer Glilin, was
yesterday s*nt to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Treadweil.
Internes Act as firemen.
Dr. Sussdorff, Superintendent of the
City ar.fi County Hospital, played a prac
tical joke on the new attaches of the
Institution just as they were about to sit
down to dinner last night. At that hour
he gave instructions to have the lire bell
runs This -was done, and it was coni
cal to see the staff ot internes and other
attaches scurrying about locking for fire
plugs and hos>J lines. Dr. Maher, resident
physician, and Dr. T. J. Crowley. assist
ant resident physician, being old hands !
at the hospital, found no difficulty in get- J
ting to their stations. Sot so with the
young internes, however. They fell over
each other in their anxiety to ret either
out of the way of danger or to seize a
bucket and hurry to a hydrant in search
of water, Others of the attaches jostled
each other in rushing after the hos»2cart
and running 1 it about the corridors seek
in? fireplugs, which they could cot find in
their hurry. The commotion was so
great as to arouse the sick in the various
wards, some of whom rushed to the win
dows" seeking means of escape.
To prevent accidents or danger to these j
Dr. Sussdorff had taken ample precaution
to have th^ nurses instructed to advise
the patients how to act and to quiet
tn?m as to real dangrer.
When th- little commotion was all over {
the attaches saw the point, and after re
ceiving instructions on the fire drill they i
appreciated the juke and sat down to fin- |
tsh their meal.
_ ■ ♦ ■ .
Loreley Circle.
Loreley Circle No. 26. Companions of the
Forest cf America, -will celebrate its an
niversary to-night by a festival in the so- 4
cial hall of the Alcazar building.
CATHOLICITY'S
GREAT GROWTH
IN TEN YEARS
Archbishop Riordan
to Report.-
INCREASE OF THE PARISHES
HTOCBEB OF CATHOLICS NOW
ESTIMATED AT 225.000.
Record of the Churches Built and the
Priests at Work in the Archdio
cese to Be Reported to
the Pope.
"When Archbishop P. .v. Riordan goes
to Rome a few -weeks hence, in compli
ance "with the Papal direction to dio
cesan primates to report every ten years
to the Pope, he will take with him an in
teresting statement of the growth of the
.- - . irch \v\ ? v> a *s rcvh.^ tijf^^s^ l -*.-.■»- XSS3 to
The report will contain many matters of
purely ecclesiastical interest; bat will in
clude statistics showing the marvelous de
velopment of the parishes, schools and the
notable increase of priests (secular and
in orders) who are now attending' to the
spiritual welfare o* the Catholic popula
tion.
The archdiocese comprises the counties
cf San Francisco, San Mateo, San Joa-
Qtiin, Stanislaus, Sonoma, Contra Costa,
Lake, Marin, Mendocino, Napa. Solano,
Aiameda, and those portions of the coun
ties of Santa Clara. Santa Cruz and
Merced lying north of 27 minutes 5 degrees
north latitude. This is the extensive ter
ritory covered by Archbishco Riordan in
his archdiocesan labors. .it comprises
16,>30 miles.
The report Gf his Grace not only covers
the period of ten years, but gives a full
and instructive resume of the energies at
work for the Catholics of his fold.
The total number of priests at work in
the archdiocese now is 222, of whom 123
are secular priests and £7 are members cf
the leading religious orders.
There are seventy-seven churches with
resident priests and nfty-one missions at
tended from the various parishes. The
total number of churches is 123. In addi
tion there are eighteen stations, thirty
four chapels and one seminary.
There re two seminaries for religious
orders, se%*en colleges and academies for
boys attended by 1547 students; nineteen
academies for young ladies, one normal
school, ami there are ZVA females being
educated in tha higher branches of
study.
The growth of the parishes comes In
for particular notice. There are 22 cf
them having parochial schools taught by
the Christian Brothers. Sisters of
and other teaching orders of the church.
The number of pupils, attending those
schools is about 13,000. The total number
of yoiing Catholic people under Catholic
care is given as 5>.00>.
There are five orphan asylums contain
ing 14QQ inmates; two industrial reform
schools with 200 inmates: one protectory
for boys. the Youths' Directory, under the
care of Rev. D. O. Crowley. with nearly
100 inmates; one deaf and mute asylum;
one hospital with an average yearly at
tendance of 450; one home for the aged
poor- and four other charitable institu
tions.
Interesting statistics are "given of the
character of the various religious orders
of the priesthood and sisterhood operating,
in the archdiocese. The Dominican
Fathers have branches in this city. An
tioch, Eenicia. Martinez and Valiejo; the
Franciscan Fathers In this city and Fruit
vale; the Order of the Society cf Jesus In
this city. Los Gates. San- Jose and Santa
Clara; the Marist Fathers in this city;
the Paulist Fathers in St. Mary's Church
in tSia city; the Christian Brothers have
thirteen parochial, academic and colle
giate schools in the archdiocese and have
the management of the San Rafael Or
phan Asylum; the Brothers of Mary have
schools in St. Joseph's Parish and In
Stockton and San Jose; the Italian church
ts now in charge of the Salesian Fathers
from Turin, Italy.
The female orders have also broadened
their field oi ... shown from the
report. The Sisters of Charity have four
asylums, one technical school and have
schools in several interior cities; the Sis
ters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin
Mary have schools in this city and Peta
luma; the Franciscan Sisters have a hos
pital in this city; the Sisters of the Holy
Names have two schools for 'little ones;
and among the other teaching orders of
ladies in the archdiocese are the Sisters
of the Holy Family, Sisters of the Holy
Names of Je3us and Mary, Sisters of si
Joseph, Sisters of Notre Dame, Ladies of
the Sacred Heart. Presentation Nuns and
the Ursuline Sisters. It is reported that
the Sisters of Notre Dame havv> prosper
ous schools Aiameda. San Francisco.
Redwood City. San ' Jose and Santa Clara.
Special mention $3 to be made' of the
great seminary at Menlo Park created by
the Archbishop to educate priests espe
cially for the mission of California; and
of the magnificent new directory for boy 3
located on Nineteenth street and soon to
be dedicated. This directory is under the
charge of Father Crowley and is the sec
ond buiidir.g erected under his manage
ment to meet the increasins demands for
room of this popular and helpful charity
for the waifs of the city.
Within the ten years the parishes of
St. James and St. Charles Borromeo have
been graced with p-rmanent edifices and
much important building work has been
accomplished In other parts of the arch
diocese under the energetic management
of Archbishop Riordan. There are now
twenty-eight parishes in this city, and the
Catholic population of the whole archdio-
Cti <:a is estimated to be about 225,0005. This
i-; -.->ted as an increase of many thousands
over ?t»e last figures furnished.
Th« - ■ have been some few changes in
thf> council of priests who participate tn
archflfocffah conclaves. As at present
constituted the council consists of the fol
lewin* clergy: Very Rev. J. J. Prender
gast. P. Scanion, N. B. O Connor,
W- Gleescn, Lawrence Serda and iiugn
La can. . _
The Archbishop leaves for Rome in a
few weeks to make his report, embody-
It*- all the essential fact 3 herewith given,
together with intimate particulars of the
progress and standing In membership &nd
finance of various parishes In the
ecclesiastical district, for the information.
of the governing head of the church.
••CKOOKZDEST MAX AT THE BAB,-
Attorney Lovrenthal Voices His Opin
ion ci Herbert Choynski.
Herbert Choynski. attGrney-at-law. was
branded the crookedest lawyer at the bar
yesterday, and he did not resent it. save
with a few -words intended to be sarcastic,
but which fell short of the mark. Attor
ney H. H. Lowenthal is the holder of the
opinion above set forth, and he voiced it
Tuesday during the hearing- ct the peti
tion of Mrs. Ernestine Kreling to be dis
charged as administratrix nl the estate
of her deceased husband. William Kreiinj,
late proprietor of the Tlvoii Opera-house
By the terms of a compromise ejected
between the heirs of the deceased. Mrs.
Kreliis took the -house as the
widow's share, the remaining assets go
ing to the other heirs at law. the made
an application for anal distribution of the
estate -but was opposed in this by Z. S.
Kamp'e. a broker, who claims three lots
rear the park by virtue of deeds from
Mr" Kreling and her father-in-law.
\gainst this claim Lowenthal also set up
a. deed and Judge Troutt denied Kampe's
petition azainst that of Mrs. Kreling- on
technical grounds. On Tuesday morn in?
Kampe appeared with Choynski and filed
another petition objecting to the distri
bution of the estate on the same grounds
contained in the petition denied by Judge
Troutt An argument between Lowenthal
and Choynski "followed. Finally Lowen
thal lost'hls temper and said: "I believe
y^u ar* the crcokedest man at the bar.
Mr. Choynski." Choynski answered that
LowenthaVs dealings with the Kreling
estate clear through had been peculiar
and he said that it was his intention to
bring the whole matter before the Bar
Association. At this point Jud^e Troutt
interfered and ordered the attorneys to
proceed with the hearing. They proceeded
for a urn* and then an adjournment was>
taken. Believing that the pen in this case
is niig-htier than the f.st, although Lowen
thal is not physically strong. Choynski
will prepare a bill of particulars against
Lowen-thal which the Bar Association
wiil be called upon to peruse.
WELLS HOLDS UP
HEALTH BOARD
SALARY CLAIMS
Employes Must Go to
Court for Pay.
STATUTORY WARRANTS PASS
NO MORE CASH UNTIL THE LAW I
DECIDES.
Health Officials Claim Sight to Slake
as Many Appointments as They
Like, but Auditor Does Not
Agree "With. Them.
Last week the Board of Health served j
notice on Auditor Wells that it would ■
hire all the employes it -wanted to end |
that under the law he would be compelled
to honor their salary claims. Thi3 morn- ;
Ing Auditor Wei - will inform the Board i
of Health that he declines to audit any j
of the month's warrants save those of >
statutory employes: The horde of para
sites that has fastened itself to the board •
far no other purpose than to collect sai
ary and _• the same time political lebti [
■will be forced to wait on the slow opera
tion of the law for payment if the law
eventually decides thai payment is just j
and due and the appointments legal.
In line with the careful policy he has j
been pursuing Auditor Wells called in i is i
attorney. General Dickinson, and asked
for his opinion upon the Question of rhe .
right cf the Board of Health to hire at '
will other than employes specifically pro- .
\-ided (or in the statutes. The Health
Board people contend that the law gives j
them the cower to employ as many pert i
sons as they may have need for and con- ;
sistent with their belief they have h:red
as many assistants as they could find
comfortable chairs for in their offices.
The Auditor, however, has not coincided
with them in this belief, and pending a. j
decision by the courts has held op a |
bunch of salary claims that will bring wo-?
to the claimants as well as a half dozen
acquisitive brokers. His action will com- ■
pel the board to bring 1 mandamus proceed
ings to take the Initiative in the legal con
troversy that will ensue.
Following Is a list of the warrants that
have t« en held up:
Health inspectors. M. "VT. Coffer. J. TV*.
Crowe. TV\ E. Aj§rer. John S. Daly, William
E. Stuart. James E. Johnson. F. E. Ben
jamin and H. T. Smith, $100 each: captain j
of Quarantine launch. P. M. McGowan,
JL2O- messenger of Quarantine Depart
ment. J. S. Wiikins, $Z0: deckhand. J. C.
Johnson, ST3: engineer. R. T. Cousins. STDO;
bakery inspector. John T. Washington, ;
S100; janitor. J. Berliner, $30: chief food
inspector, L. A. Devoto, $200; janitor
Health Office. K. L. Tyrrell, $T5; inspect- i
ors of earbage transportation. W. Gregß
and G. Cnr.eo. $130 each: veterinary sur- \
gebn, I. w. O'Rotrrke. SIS'): chemist, A. .
C. Bothe. $13&; assistant chemist. R. a. i
Gould, S10O; clerk to Health OfUcer, R. M. !
Jone* $100: assistant market inspectors,
L. W. Hollin^sworth. E. H. Barrow, D. j
Powers and S. Brunswick. $73 each_: as
sistant plumbins: inspectors. J. D Nolan, :
W. D. Hpbro Jr.. W. H. Kelley, J. J. i
Connoiy, $100 each: Clerk of Vital Statis
tics. Fred C. Borckman. $1»: statistician, I
E. B. Carroll, J150; stenographer. Miss M.
Turner. $T3: chief plumbing inspector, G. I
VT. Bayreuther. J123: bacteriologist. Dr. |
W. F. Earbat. $130; vaccinator, George E.
MacPherson.- $!!»; assistant police sur-'
eeons. W. R. Dorr. F. B. Robinson, W. C.
Hopper and T. F. Stephens. $73 each; am
balance drivers. N. J. Pendergast. George :
Liilv. J. W. Keliey, Charles Kaplin and >
W. R. Cluness. ST3 each: matrons at Re- :
ceiving Hospitals. Mrs. S. B. Reed. Ellen
Swett, Nellie Wynn« and Mrs. Bessie J. ;
Eddy, $60 each: assistant food inspectors.
John F. Murray. John J. Sullivan, John ,
; Thomas, J. A. Brieze. C. 11. Edson, J. F. j
Lahoney and George H. Ryan, $73 each.
I
In the Divorce Court.
Jennie L. Gavigan -was granted a divorce
from Thomas F. Gavigaa yesterday on
the ground of intemperance. The plain
tiff was allowed to resume her maiden
name, Jennie I*. Lambard. Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been filed by llattie Garrett against John
C. Garrett. Sophie M. Blum against Myrtii
Blum and Pauline A. Schroder against
Herman. Schroder; en the ground of
failure to provide by Fredericka K.
Aronade agamst Fritz Aronade and Celfa
A. Sorensen against Christopher Sorensen.
Still Kara Counterfeiting.
Tie Secret Service has j'jst unearthei as
other band cf ccunterfeiters ani secured a
large quantity d bcgr-3 bills, which ara so
cleverly executed that the averag* person
nrculd never suspect them of being spurio'i*.
Things oJ Tr^at value ara al^rars selected for
Imitation, notably Hostetter** Stomach Bitwrs,
which has manr imitators but no e<juala for
dis-irdera lUce Indignation, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, nerv-ousness and eer.eral debtl'.t>". Always
go to reliable draßglsta who have the repatation
of givtr.? -what yea a.sk for.
Health is Wealth, I
OR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT i
- THE ORIGINAL." ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS.
Isßoldcnder poiitira "Written Guarantee.
! fcyanthorized s^€2ts oalj, to care Weak Memory,
I Dt=i=«3, NTakefalnws, Fits, Hysterii. Quick- j
i a*«. Ni^ht Losses. Eyil Dream 1 . Lack of Coaa- |
tern, *T«i mil. Laasitade. all Drains. Yoctfa- |
til Errors, or ExcaesiT© Us« of Tobacco, Optnm,
or LmboC. -which leads to Misery. Consuaptioa,
Izaacity a^d Death. At store or by niaii. 51 a
box: air tat $ 3; with written znarantee'to ;
cure or refund money. Sample pack- ;
aye. cor -sir.;-? £tb day? r treatisecc, with fad :
: luali mitiiiTtt 8 ceats. One §&=:pi» OCI7 sold to \
eachperaon. At ttora or by da:.. .^^B^^ ■
A'.<g^, Extra Strength. M££z*a
§S^"Rsd Label Losa ofig? 'tß I
Fnr Lapotency, I*3«a o *^W '
>^\4*f Pcrsrar. Lost Manhood. V: _o tl '. ;
c^affV Sterility or BarretnwsJ. j*^"/
'^^r^>BbSl a b° x ! s^ 1 * or * 5 « witll ?^C^Ji
ruarante*'^ai^aV»
BEFoFcorb7r--ail. • AJ'TER |
GEORGE DAHLBiXDER & CO:. Sole Ag-j..
tl« Keajny it.. Sac Fraactaco.
_ • j
BATLSOAD TSAVEL
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Cotrrrceac:nj; April Ci 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO V.:: i VAXXJET
AND SAN' RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— 7:CO, «5:0 O. 9 JO. a M *. bb.; !
•1:45. 3:3. 4:00 S:OC. : i) p. 3i.
EXTRA TRIPS— For- Mill Valley and Saa j
P.a'a*!. a Mondays Wednesdays. Saturdays •
and Sunday*, at S:Ci> and 11:33 p. =.
SUNDATS— *?:«). »S:W. •W:<Jd. ll:d). .. M a. |
o.: 1:M. 1:45. .... 5:30. S:*s p. rx
Il:C0 a. si. do<»3 not run to 3an RaTI Sunday*. |
5:30 p. in. doea not ran ta Mill Vary Sundays, j
Trains niarired '•) raa to San Quentia.
FROM PAN RAFAEL TO SAN" FRANCISCO, j
WEEK DATS— S:3. •«:«. 7:55. S:4O. 10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. I:ti. 4:33. 5:15 p. ■ •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays j
md Satisrdaya. a: «:*-! and 10:13 p. m.
SCVDAT3— T^O. "S.-CO. *3:45. 13:43. 11:45
a. m-: i». ::». *3.ii. "5:13. •8.-00. «:CO. li:15
p m.
in irked (*> -:rs tr) San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 4:3!. 7:35. *::3. 13:33
t in.: 12^3. .> 1:55 5:20 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Weda-sdays ;
and Satcrdays. Nt 7:00. 1529 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:^Q. IO^XJ. 11:15 a. bl; 12:06k
1:23. 2:40. 2:55. 5:30. «:JO. 15:20 p, ra.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:3) p. n Saturday* Cazadero and way sta r ns.
B:1S p. m." we«k days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way «tatlons.
l:<" 0 a m Sundays— Ca_zadero and way sta'n.3. I
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Re; and way sta'cs, 1
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year I
BAILBOJLD TBAVEIj.
»»riHi k> p*« in* (.«■■ ■■■■
{PiCITtC arsTHX. ;
Tralat lfM« »u.i »rr tot «• »rrl»« ••
HAS m 4 >« <»•
QU.r. Li~'.-. Root —' ilirkeS Ssrset.}
tSATTB — From Jcx* S3, 1333. — aKju-H
7iOO* Benicia. soi3uaandS»cr*aienV>.... »:43r
7:t»«i. Mi.--- OtOJuioacd Ecd4ia« " -•»
Woodiaad *••*''
7:<H>i Vacanlle and Eaiaaey . Sriir
T:3«v Martlaez.S*aKaa:cn.Valleio. »»Pa»
Caiiafcjga (uid Saa^i Roaa . ?"!.
*«••* AUaaiic lixyca^s. UgJea led raa*.. w:4>«
IJViSin J«a% URMM -Stocit-00.
Ices. S«craa:-;n5.% FUwrr-^a.
MirjSTi-ie. Ctico. KedßJufl • « : '2*
■:3«< •Milt«», and = :ox» . . 4:13p
•:»iiA »aaMiai Tansy ft* O%fcik^ and
Ciisese - ts'-*
9:OOa Hifwiri Silta»n<i Wiy staUoca. • 1 ►*»*
t.-««x Mirtiaez, Trvrr. L*-Jmp. Stocitcc
MaeeaaaJ Fresno I»:I»»
••.••A.rr-oi Uiker3U«:.l. S*nt+ R*ri«ru
Lo« Arasiea. Dei=i=s, Ei P*£O.
>•-» • . ■ •. - 9st*r
I0:0fli Yallejo, liir-xse: aci Wl7 Statteu 7:43?
1 1 rO«i Hijv%r ■'. '. Xilea aid W47 S»«"ctM. Zitir
12:0011 Mies. Urersor?. StocxScn. s*a»
mecso, MecduS^. BaafnA VamShj
Fcnen *****
•irOOp Sacramento niTerS-e-im«?rs •*:«»<»?
*:0O? Eirsriris. SiUui Waj 8U«-raa. 3:*3*
<i««r Hartfaea. han iUraoti. V»i:»jo.
N**pa, CV.latos*. S*iita Kaaa . oil 3*
4i««» B<o:ci». V*caTille. Etecnuocnttv
Woodlasd. R tgfatj Landicj.
MirrrriUe. Orotille l«: 11»
. #:SO;r^nes. sac Jose aod f-Jcckva .. «sl*p
4:39? ToaeraiM Sleepfcg Car ter EajTß I 12:13»
•:««aXhe Owl Tricy. Freco. EUJtar*-
field. s&z-ru tot S^nta E^r 'bars.
Lea A^T-a »-«St
»:3»» Stockton. MeteetU Fr^eao l»i!3#
liUr MiTJaez. Tri-7 llea-lota. Fr-scot
Mcjara »nd lu>a An*el-« S:4a«
■ •<3«p Banta r« lion Sis. Atiauao : ~a»
brUobni aad Ktri - «:«3r
•1 1* r Cc!irvr>s.i 1 Fr*ndaoo Special. Og-leii
and Eat - »M»»
•rOO» EiTTrar-Ij, B3a and Sis Jose 7:4.5*
■•*••« Vi. .. :. . 1 -Hi
JjOO* Or«*OQ i:ir««vSacraJiietiSa, Marj«-
»Uia. ne-Mfiist, rortiaii.!. Fui«»
Soundaiid Em» Titik
t9t#OFVallej.>, Pert cossa and Wa7 S»-
-" ticca 'IQr-nOt
COAST Division urn fiioze).
(Foot ct !!:: SSreet.) '
fit***. 3»nsa Cm Ejcnrrloa fcr Santa.
Cr=3 ac^l Pr^cipal W*y S»;:oo» ;sj«9»
SilSi.S'swarii.C'entcrriUe.SAnJoßa.Feltca.
Eooider Crae*,s»ct4 Qrax lad War __
Static ca - *:*•»
•til3js=»ari. OanasvlQe, San Jew, !T«w
Alsaderi. Fsitcn. Boni.ler Creek.
San* Cms tad Vktaafaal Way
Ssatlons.. m loi3«A
4ml3t Saa Joae, G!em»ocd and Way Sc»-
tlcci •:*•*
Mil3r F?;-..:c. Saata Cttn azd War *=>=*-
ttcna : /»-.3«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rns6l3 fJUCISCO— tnt ;' brtti Jtrws (SU? 3)—
•7.1* 9.00 ;>xi.k. tWO •: :: :3.-C3
•i.-:3 j!::: -izztjt.
ft— WITIWf IWiftrw*T»j • •*.
i i.: :: •: :: :::: '•?::: tt :: ::» *.
COAST DITLSIO3 [lm< «■■»» .
flhfeda ITotmw ISta)
~*#tlO^i Ocean View. Sou-:h S»n ;....-■- . **:*•*
•7j«©» 6aa J"^e arrl Way Ssaii.oj New
Alma Jen WetJne*ljy»ouly) . •S:O«A i
t7»3« a. Sunday Ficciaion for Santa Crzz.
Pudis Gro»« acd Ptiacij*! Way
Stations :9=ta#
•r*4>& San j gr. Tres P!no«. Pant* Crn».
Facida GroTi. Ttso RoK*s, tian
Lcis Oburo. Sort Lcxnpoe aiid
Prip«?jKU W*y Sr.iifons ■*:!<»»
■••«•* Baa Jose a \V»y Stations 6:33*
Ili3«» Saa Joa« a I Way Stai i . I««W
•St-ISr Baa SlatM. R^'wcol. MirJo I irk.
P. 1 - Alto. e*n» C.-iti. !=±-t •' ••?.
H reer. Siujta Croat Sa ma*>
Mon:*rey m.l r*cfic rare .. 'IO:Ml
•St3«r BaaJ Santa '>_-. Picidc Groie
aadPrfc:cir*l W»ySt»iioii» *?i3lt?
•4:1 3p Saa Joee a::.i" Principal vv»y SixtkmM 9:4 3 1
•3HH>pSaaJoeeandPrirjdFa'' w "ay itariocs •«>:3-^»
3:10? aaa Jcse ami priaciinii VTaj S^itioiiJ *0:»>0»
«:3«pSaa Jcsaam.i W*»H:ation3 . *:»•»
f11:43p San Jc»e»i.'. Way Statioaa . . ... 17:30?
a for S[ mint P for Aitentooa.
* Ban<iay eicepted ! SuaGay oniy. tSatsirTay oo!i
tnar'TT 1 ! t * -** : i~ ** /- -. ■' * r -■ v j
CAUFOSm NOBTHTOTELS 21. CO.
LESSEE
Sil FBiNGiSCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAM rRAKOBOO .TO SAN RATAEI*
WE££ DATS — !.->v. 3:io. U:0O a. — ■ U.St
»:*», lot 4:30 p. ~- Tbar*da>a— Extra trip
a.; Xl:3i> p. a. e*turd*y»— Bstra trie* ax »->i
aid U.JO p. ib.
BV>TDATa— «:OO, 1.-M. M.» a. m.S IJO, i:3».
5:<:0, - .. p. ns.
sa.N RATABZi TO S.OT FRAXCISCO.
WEES DATS- i:l3, T^o. i::>, Ii.IO a. d. : U:43,
1. 40. 5:15 p. sa. Saturday*— E«r* trips at
I:£s a=i i:SS p. ea.
BO'I A.T8 — IJ*. »:4J. U:IS a. =. ; 1:«, J:tS, 5:98,
• J. p. m.
Between San Francisco an.d Sci-ectea Par*
aa— « aebadnla aj above.
L«a.T« i A.T. '■"•
fit- Fra=cl»co. la EiTsct j Ean 7ra:. ..'
j April IS. t
Weei Sun- U33. " i S-js- | We«ic
D«jr«. j i-. t :«:.:-:.:i J aaya. j Day*,
T:2O aa| «■ an Norato, 'l 3:« aa| l:4f an»
1:30 ptH| $:3d asx' Petal '.lisa. ! S:")3 ptn,U:l3 ta
6:13 paa S.>J pns Baata rws*. | I.i; pa *.*) pa
" I rutton. ~~ '
TJO ass I "Windier. Mdiaai
I Healisburr,
I Lyttcn.
j Giysenolla,
1:10 p=a !:* a— . trdaJa, T3? ptn *-*3 pa
T:*J axa i Boa Lad uvl t i»:2S a=»
IS prr. I 30 «=; DMafc. ffjspra «:M pta
» ! . j. ' 1 . .
~f:ioa^=.' ■ jaa^Sara
] j DC a-~ chm— »llla> t:: pn
t:» PBSJ , 1:19 pa
I^CtaJ 1:90 aa Baacima 1-3:40 a= lUßaa
lrli> p=a S*:«0 p=i CBcB Eilea. I tan 8:20 p=a
TJO us S .•» aai SeboslcpoL 19:40 ami 13 15 ia
1:30 pm.i 3:00 ;c ! 7:33 pesj *:Ai pa»
Stares connect at Sir-- Rc*a far Mark West
8--.-«-! and White Sulphur apnncs: at L#ttoa
Cor Lattoo Bprinara at Geya'STvin* for B «ir
Sprls«3; at 3o»ajrdal» for tse G*}-«<»r»; at Hcp-
land for Demean Sprtnrs. Highland Sprlnca,
Kelseyvtll-, Carisfcad Springs. Soda Bar. I^ax»-
cort and Bart Springs; at Cklal for Vlcny
Bprtaa Saratoga Spring. El"* Lakss, Laurel
EMI Lai? Witter Bprlncs. Upper Lai*. Porno.
Potter Valier, John Day's. Riverside, Lleriey'a,
Bucknell's, Sanbedrto Heights. HallTille.
Bocr.evtUa, Pallo. Cixrlst'.n-. Soda Springs.
Si-ir--. Wtitestwro. Albion. I---.:* Rfvar,
C — '« Hot Sjr.-gs M«ndoclno City, Fort Brsur7,
Weatßort. Usal. WUlltts, La.ytc trrtlle. Cms
Klr.ar'i, Bell's Spring*, Haxrtj, OiaaafSj Dyer.
Bct:i and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round beta tickets at
red^ic-d -*:•*.
On Stmdays roend — " beta to all pofeati
beyocd Sir; Rafael at hal? rates.
Tlckrt -'--»« SM Market it Chrss.'cle Wd«.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Genera.: Manager. Gen. Faaa. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN TEE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACH ND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOL2
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT i:Si P. ii.
DINING ROOM 3 ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING mv.aijj AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. .
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS A3 THE SANTA FE" ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. C 3
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1331.
OAKLAND OFFICE, llli Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. SJI J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara, street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUia
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Frcm Jan. IS. 1333. train 3 -will run as fallows:
South-bound. ; Nortfc-fcottad.
Passes- (Mixed, j [Mixed, j Passen-
ger, j Sunday j Stations. [Sunday ?er.
Dally. iEic'p:<j[ JExc'ptd ! Da:ir-
-7:20 ara 10:30 ■---■-■- t 3:45 ~zn «:€') fa
3:10 ia «:<5 pal Merced i U:« pH * : " P l 3
13:« am 5:33 pin! Fresno 5:30 m\ *■*" P l 3
11:33 ara 7:43 prn: Hanfori «*S an;l:4j cm
2:23 pa 12:3 d am Bikersfleld 2:Ci) iatt« ara
Xl£» unfits pm V!=alia 6:40 araj l:-2 P|^
12:13 pra| * a pra! Tulare a'-aO amt l:u> ?m
Stopping at latermediate points aa required.
For particular* of atage and other cocnectiona
tcqiUre at Trafzc Department. £2. Marsat St..
San Francisco. ■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalita Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. OSS.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. =1.
Extra trtp on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
♦nga. Arriving In S. F. -• 11:20 P. 31.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 aad U a. a and i.--ti 1:33
and 4 p. m.
Fare. 5 F. tc Scmrnit and -!'.«.
TKOS. COOS ft 'SON. A**-*.. BB lUrtsi M.
1314
MRS. CARROLL UNFOLDS
STORY OF CONSPIRACY
Was Victimized for Thousands by
the "Brick" McPherson Gang.
An f:x=Policeman Was One cf Them, and Prominent
Men's Names Are Connected With It — Con=
spirators Get Under Cover.
SIX of a gang <>f local
; by the
pear to be close to
> overha i '!,• lr part in
nspiracy as ever
.■ d from the criminal brain. Sev
eral others, men who have always held
Is high in the city, have had
; si md p< culiar relations with
■ they are now beli< ved
mbers of it and may be in -
d in the v a rrests pla
day.
The irmur of the conspiracy
■ : last w eek, v\ hen the n< I
Briek 11 McPherson swore t«-a war
rant charging Thomas R. Davis with
him of $.
of McPherson was so
known that it was at once sus
• ! he was using the Police Court t'>
r his own private plans, which
always had to do with blackmail.
A little r. ■ ■ i■ •• i [se t> the
t hat Thomas K. Davis was
a myth a ■ tie fact that the
ius "Brick" had merelj !■:■
\h(- warrant to delude people he had
■ that the a• ■ t of
n out of funds
;h;<t he « - for a time at
• to pay hi . -i s.
: Lets that Harvey Brown,
ttoi employ i
Southern Paciiic Company, and Isaac
X. Ti. ■ m< mber i if
i . had • < mnections
with "Brick ' McPherson they did not
car,' ;
It tra I -" Tuesday that
Thomas Ft- Davis, far from being a
myth, was none otl tl Thomas J.
-poli< man, brother-in
: tir was
. ty at Portland, < Jr.,
■
irri\ • at ihe San Fran-
Prison this m
■ . detective.
it later to-day Clis
■ - s by
■Brick" McPherson and K. N. Smoot,
eeper at the southwest corner
Larkin streets, who
n unenviable noto
is a professional bail giver and
■ jeer. V A\ E. Berry, aiias
W. ;. ■ i h.t lias vii timized many
■!i in this city, Sausalito and
ar rested if the po
his whereabouts. Ah
I Ah Kee, Chin
the half dozen known
c< mspirati irs.
Harvey Brown and Isaac N.
as accomplices, will be
s against tht in. The
several other men, o
cnown politician and another a
■:• of hi^h standing', are mentioned
as pr - . ■ - In this
which had for its object the fleecing of
through one of the most
r perpetrated.
The police took hold in earnest yes
ivel th>' threads of \h<
iiracy, when the wife of William
W. Carroll, a well-known mining man,
■ ill- southwest corner of
•■■•■ nth and Carolina streets, swore
to a complaint before Police Judge
Iwell charging William E. Berry,
crt, with the embezzling from
her of $4 ting at the same time
thai her husband and herself had been
Bwindled out of $3100 through the false
representations of McPherson, Smoot,
I or Berry, and the Chinese, Ah
!<•■•- and Ah Shue, who represented that
it was to I ■ k as soon as they
had consummated a mythical deal in
Chinatown. A large part of this money,
Bhe said, had passed through the hands
tac Thorne, the attorney, who ap
ing for McPherson.
Mrs. Carroll said yesterday that she
has known Thorne for thirty years, but
that she never had any dealings with
him until about a year ago, when he
• to her and said he had a ru?
t"iner for her property at the corner of
] '. Haro and Eighteenth streets.
"I wanted to Bell the property and
move into the city," she said, "and I
t"l<i Mr. Thome that if he made the
sal<^ 7 would pay him for his trouble.
He protested that he did not want any
crrmmission. but I tnld him I did not
ADVERTiSEMENTS.
TETTERONHANDS
Tronbled for years. Sore All Over.
Could not use them. Spread over
Arms, Neck, aiid Face. Sifaarted
Like Fire. Physicians no Benefit.
Tried OUTIOU R A . Immediate
Belief. Permanent Cure.
I had been troubled with tetter for several
years. At times my hands would be sore all over,
ao that I rould not use them at all, and were so
tender that clear water, even, smarted like fire,
and it spread over arms, nock, and face. I had
been treated by physicians, but without benefit,
when I began the Cuticura remedies. 1 found
relief before I had taken the firnt bottle. I used
three or four bottles of Cuticura Resolvent,
one cnke of Ccticira Soap, and one box of
C'itjcura (ointment), and It has never troubled 1
me since. ELLA CURZON,
March 10, 1898. Epptngham, 111.
BLOOD POISON CURED
By Cuticura Resolvent
One of my children ran a rusty nai! into bl«
foot, which was most painful. His blood got
out of order, and sores broke out on his hands
and feet. I gave him ono bottle of Cuticura
Resolvent and used ono cake of Ccticura
Boap, principally as a salve, end the child re-
covored. Mrs. J. 8. FUREN,
March 15, 1898. Marsham, Fla.
CUTICURA RESOLVENT
Begins with tho Blood and End* with
The Skin and Scalp.
That 16 to say. H purifies the blood and clrco-
latlag fluids of Ilrxon Gkems, and thus removes
the caune. while warm baths with Cuticcra Soap,
End gentle anointings with Ccticura (ointment),
greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse the skin
mnd scalp of crusts anrl scalrs, allay Itching, burn-
Ing, and Inflammation, soothe and heal. Thus ara
speedily, permanently, nnd economically cured
the most torturing, disfiguring humors of tho
•kin, scalp, ar.d blood, wltli loss of h:iir, when tho
b*st physicians and all other remedies fall.
BoM throughout tho worM. Pottib D. <kdC. Comr.,
Bole Prop«., bo»ton. " How toCaro Every Humor," frM.
BAVE YOUR SKiP^o ndflf
want any one to work for me without
pay. He then said he had a party with
a big deal "ii hand who wanted to buy
my place, but that he i !■ d I
pay an ass ssnieni before he could
close the deal he hud pending. I
posed he r< ferred to some Irar.>..1 rar.>..
in real estate and the assessment was
in reality delinquent taxes.
'•Air. Thome said he must have the
$375 by 11 o-'clock tin- next morning, and
wanted me to promise then that i
would let him have it. i said no, that
I must first have a talk with my hus
band. 1 told Mr. Carroll that I did not
like that way of doing business, but he
Is not ac< ustomed to the ways of tlu
city and said, '1 guess it's all right. 1
don't think Mr. Thome would do any
. ni ■ -ng.
"The next day we went down to
Thome's offic< and there we met Berry,
who was introd iced to us as the man
who would purchase the property. Mr.
Carroll paid oa r the $■■'.::, to Thome
and the latter passed it over to Berry
ist that is mj tion of th
v. ay it was do
■■"l said ■ '■ ■ Don't you think you
had better come out and look at the
property before you decide to buy it 1 "
■That i- ; not i iid. "Any
thing that is si to Mr. Thorne
suits me. 1 will have this matter <
up in ten days.'
"I did riot hear any more about the
sale or th>' money until about a i
later when Th' nne r,i me to m< a m
everything was all fixed, but thai thej
. ■ ■ • "assessments.' Mr.
ill l*n them have the money, but
they kept on roming after more at in
tervals of three or four \ve< ks although
they would ea wait a month or
t wo.
"I thought there was something
wrong, hut Mr. Carroll thought thai
after he had put the iirst few hundred
dollars out let them have more
in order t.i save the amount first ad
vanced.
"Finally Berry began to talk
in Chinatown. He did not
s;iy just what ii was, but t for
me in April last and said a party in
town owed him $80,000 and
to pay him the next day. but first he
must put up an assessment of $440. He
was to repay the loan the next morn
ing, but instead of doing so he
x- wn.
"I had met Sinu.it in Thome's office
on several occasions and h had often
rked that Berry was an honest
man. so after waiting around Tho
office for several hours 1 went to
Smoot's hi ' ' Berry's address.
Smoot directed us to a pla n Eddy
street or Golden Gate avenue, but, ai
though we searched the entire neigh
borhood, vve could get no trace ol
body "f that name. Then i threatened
in h:i\" Berry arrested, but .Smoot and
Thorne signed an agreemi nt to pay the
$4-!'"t if I would not prosecute him. They
: to keep their agreement and I
finally swore to the complaint. That
w its some days ago, but there was some
• in the complaint and to-day I
swore to another."
Mrs. Carroll sai.i she n^ver met Davis
and never heard anything about a gang
of smugglers. She said, all told, Berry
and Thorne $3100 from herself and
husband, for which, with the exception
of the last, they gave their j- >i nt notes.
She said she had also loaned money to
Harvey Brown, but declared that, al
though she met him in Thome's office,
he was in no way connected with the
Thorne-Berry scheme.
In a later talk with Detectives Ed
Gibson and Wren at police headquar-
FIGURES IN THE LATEST STORY OF CONSPIRACY.
Mrs. William W. Carroll, wife of a well-known mining man, claims to have
been swindled out of more than $3000 by the wiles of "Brick" McPherson"s gang.
ters, in the presence of Isaac Thorne,
who had been Informed of h<=r action
and had hastened to the City Hall. Mrs.
Carroll made the direct statement that
unless a settlement was made by this
morning she would prosecute the whole
gang. She said sh.> was satisfied that
she had been duped all around, and in
Illustration described a visit her hus
band had made with Thorne to a store
THE RAN FRANCISCO CAI.I^, THURSDAY, JULY 27. 1899.
GUBERNATORIAL CELEBRITIES
COME IN TWO AT A TIME
Governor J. R. Tan
ner of Illinois
Herea-Pleas
trring.
To Welcome Victo
rious Nebras
kans Arrives
Gov, W. A.
Poynter.
GOVERNOR JOHN R. TANNER OF
ILLINOIS.
Till-: i .• lace il itel has under it 9
roof two <; ivernors at the same
time. They are Governor W. A.
Poynter of Nebraska, who has
come to welcome his returnin)?
veterans, and Governor John R. Tan
ner of Illinois, who is here on a tour
of pleasure. Nebraska's executive ar
rived alone, while with the head of thf
Illinois vernment came his
wife, John T. Peters, secretary <>f the
Illinois State Board of Charity, and
Dr. S. F. Winslow of the Klein Hos
pital for the Insane. Mrs. Peters is
also if the party. They will remain
here for a week or so am) return home
via Seattle and the Fellowstone.
■\Vh*-n s?>'ii last f-vpning in his apart
at the Palace and questioned
in regard to a recent dispatch from
Colorado which stated that had he not
]pft tho St te bf would have been ar
rested for Infringing on thf> ?amc laws
in killing: deer out of place and s<
• - G ivernor smiled and said:
in Chinatown, behind the counter of
which was Ah Kee and Ah Shu-. Me-
Pherson was also present. During the
course of a conversation full of allu
sions tn Ah Kee's alleged connection
with the Chinese Six Companies, opium
and silk deals. McPherson, in a ton^
id enough to be heard by Carroll,
ordered Ah Kee to pay the next day to
Thome $10,000. Ah Kee responded that
the money would be ready. It was not
ready next day and Ah Kee has van
ished.
Thome Vas visibly uneasy during:
Mrs. Carroll's recital to the detectives
and tried to induce her to do nothing
rash. After she had left he said:
"I am misunderstood in this matter.
I have my side of this story to tell, and
GOVERNOR WM. A. POYNTER OF NEBRASKA.
"That is moie of a joke than any
thing else. Yes, I <11 * I kill a deer, and
twith a smile of gratified prowess iii.it
lit up his who!, faci i 1 killed a moun
tain lion also. But r killed them both
within tlie limits of Benheula Park,
which is a private piece of property,
owned by a stock company of 100, of
which I am a member. The laws of
Colorado are very stringent in the
matter of killing same, I
within the limits pf prival
?s. Ms deer was kill* <1 under
those conditions, so i« was all ri^ht.
"I .!•> i" !. i are to talk on pi
With war. strikes and one thin
rother 1 ha\ • had my hands full for
the la ■ ■ I will say, how
. \ er. I hat 1 think M< Kinley is
self. His party will
have in nominate him a;i<! the
country will nol turn him down.
Should they do so. il would r
h i s» w ou
\-u\ our nation in n very awkward
iijzht before the who!< civilized world.
Especially v. i:h th< questions pertain
ing to our new conquests, which still
remain in such an I condi
tion.
"X". 1 ;un nol ■■;: pxpansionist. I'- 1 :'
.-::•■. i '::■ fortuiv nf war ha? placed
th<-- Philippines In «>ur possession, we
should first restore them to som<
of order, establish some sort <>f law
and then, after regultiting all their
concerns for the best Interests of all,
return them to their proper owners,
it,.- Filipinos, <>niy retaining in them
such territory us should be necessary
for our naval operation in the Or
ient.
"I would rather not discuss the rr
<.'r- mem of Mr. Alg< r. I Tvii! say, how-
will do so in a few days. I know now
that I am a dupe."
Harvey Brown, interviewed at Oak
land last night, .-ays he knows but lit
tle of the differences between Mrs. Car-
rol and William E. Berry.
•'I have met Mrs. Carroll," he said,
"and think Bhe is a very estimable
lady. The suit is based ><\\ ;i loan that
was made Berry, who represented him
self as a raisin grower in the Fresno
district. 1 am not at liberty to say
what may havp been Berry's purpose
in borrowing the money, for I have
nothing more substantial than gossip
and I will not repeat gossip.
"I do not think Berry and McPherson
are on the best of terms just now. 1
am McPheraon's attorney and so am
debarred from talking of the relations
between these people and my client.
That suit against Davis is based on
legitimate grounds and we are pre
pared to prove to the court that we are
not triflinar. Davis is a Northern man
and he collected a lot of bills due. Mc-
Pherson and did not turn in the money.
I am not at liberty to say what schemes
McPherson is fostering, but I do not
think he is in the smuggling business."
When Judge Brown sees Davis this
morning he will change his mind about
his being a Northern man. He will
recognize him as a man who was in
the San Francisco Police Department
from December, IS9I, until he resigned
in March, 1897. to forestall an inevitable
"breaking:" at the hands of the Com
missioners for financial peculiarities.
He may also "be able to identify him
as the man McPherson claimed was the
captain of a long, low, rakish, piratical
ever, that T think he dH us well as he
could under th>' circumstances."
Governor Poynter was met at the
; .. Colonel Sanborn of thr staff
■ Tim r ( !age, who exte nded t'.>
lhe riistir.Kiiish( j il visitor the usual
i himself at the
i! of the head of Nebraska's
go\ rnment to perform such services
to fa
iming.
\\ v ifter his arrival
id that, until he
the rest of the
commit) ry authori
• say just what would
b< done for the entertainmenl i t the
- that an expe ted on Satur
day. In all "protabllity they will re
ceive lli'i: ity an 1
to return ti I cii
eial homes in any way thej may
. lect.
■ their own State are
pr< paring ii monster to* be
heM ai Lii < •■ln early in S< pt< mber. By
thai time, it is expected. I
wii; ha\ c had ai npi to see
mothei s. v. ives and sw< • I
. ill be ready to receive the con
: ■ ■ ■ people a) large.
They will reunite al Lincoln, and then
everything a grateful State can offer
them will be th<
G tvernor Poynter is a small, dark
■■! gentl< man, with
cut. regular features and a manner
m.ination and
jliance. !)• was elected u> his
i position last November. Be
fore thai time he had served with dis
n in lmth branchi s of th< Sta te
Legislature and had filled the |
• sid< ni of the Trans-Missisßippi
( "ongi i ss.
St. air.cr in the smuggling business, who
was head and shoulders of ' Brick" Mc-
Pl erson's $100,000 "dope" dream, who
handl< d $1200 of !!)■■ money of the
"gang" thai ■aim- out <>f the pockets of
the ' \u rolls.
The police connect the identity of
Davis with Clisham, through a chance
remark McPherson made on the same
day he swore out the warrant for
"Davis."
They'll never pet onto the cop," he
said boastingly.
For once "Brick" overshot the mark.
His boast, coupled with his associa
tions, I'd to the discovery of Davis, or
Clisham, in Portland Tuesday. He was
arrested and waived all formality and
said he would come to San Francisco
without a warrant and ' intended to
square everything. He left on Tues
day's overland in custody of Detective
Cordano.
With Clisham's arrival the eonspiraoy
will be in a fair way of Ixvnp cleared
up 'Ph.- connection <>f Smoot and Mc-
Pherson will be traced directly and it
is certain that if they did not fly the
city lasi night they will be arrested.
Elmert's whereabouts is stil! un
kn.iun ;m<) there is t:..t much hope of
the immediate arrest of the Chinese.
hut it is plain thai their white moni
tors are in a bad way.
The disclosures made by Mrs. Carroll,
the detectives hope, will encourage
other victims of the McPherson gang
to i "me forward and declaim their
!'i : :s»'s. Tt is supposed that the dupes
were many, mostly falling- to the lot of
McPherson himself, it was said last
night that Sergeant of Police Lindhel
mer, who is ill at his homo, 222 Van
Ness avenue, was one of them. The ser
geant denies this, although admitting
that he had loaned a small sum of
money to "Brick" and had applications
for more.
1 have loaned no more than $20 to
McPherson." ho said, "but I got it all
back. McPherson asked me to lend him
small sums several times during the
past six months and agreed to give me
big interest. One time he wanted $lr> and
said he had all kinds of money coming
to him in a day or so and would give
me $">fl for the $l. r > I gave him. I never
received any interest, but he sent me
several boxes of cigars along with the
payments on the principal. He never
told me anything about his schemes to
raise money, and 1 never had any
knowledge of his business. I had noth
ing to do with him in any mutual busi
ness way. He was very friendly with
Beveral Police Department officials, and
I have not lost any money by him."
To the Holders of Island Sugar Stocks
Publication of rumors concerning the
'lava flow" on the island of Hawaii,
Hawaiian Tslnnds, has caused consid
erable inquiry about several planta
tions, and for the benefit of holders of
uni;;ir stocks and all others interested
we present the appended statement,
based on the very latest reliable ad
vlcea and knowledge of the topography
of the country:
Onomea plantation is many miles
from the conjectured stream of the flow
and at an elevation of several thousand
feet above the plate where the lava
would empty or fall into the ocean
should the eruption reach the sea.
Paauhau plantation is so situated
that this lava flow, to reach it. would
of necessity cross a mountain more
than 13.000 feet high.
Hutchinson plantation is on the other
side of the island from the point or
place that the rumors have located as
the spot for the discharge of lava into
the sea. This estate is one of the most
remote in every way from the reported
route of the flow.
EDWARD POKLITZ & CO.
| Hales. | _3 J 5!: —
J H«!e'», July 27th, 1893. V
> more >
<clean=up ?
/ news s
J A medley at Hale's — a medley of clean-up stuffs and new \ •
/^ arrivals — the one being pushed out by the other. Autumn f
J goods rushing in — summer goods clearing cut An ever-
C changing panorama — an always busy store. f
f Four cases of Comforters— Big lot for the clean up to -
\ day; good, big. warm ones, the kind that sold for $1 25. At f
1 Hale's clean-up until sold !>sc each •
/ 1200 Pillow Cases, 45x36 inches; good, heavy muslin, and \
free from any dressing: you can tell just what they will look J
. J like when they are washed: made with two-inch hem, well C
J sewed; will give you good service; the usual price is 10c. At
C Hale's clean-up until sold 7 1-— c each a*
• 2340 yards of Gingham. 27 inches wide, plain blue and pink: C
1 mostly striped patterns; just the thing for a summer dress %^
and half a dozen other uses; the kind that wears and the J
kind that sells regularly for TVic. At Hale's clean-up until [
V sold 5c a yard
. { 600 pair of Children's Stockings, fine ribbed, seamless, black y
I cotton Hose, with double knees: a school stocking for rough f
M usage; sizes 6 to 9. At Hale's clean-up until sold.. lOc a pair •
C 1200 pair of Children's School Stockings, hard twisted yarn- \
and fine elastic ribbed; full length, extra heavy double knees; f
1 a stocking made to wear; 5% to 9%. At Hale's clean-up until t
S sold 1U l-ilc a pair j
1000 pair of Ladies' Seamless Fast Black Stockings; full [
j length: elastic tops, extra double soles and extra double heels;
j* sizes B*2 to 10; an excellent stocking for the money. At Hale's V
V^ clean-up until sold lii 1 - li<* a pair f
J Fancy Striped Silks — A lot just received that should have f
[ arrived weeks ago; the season is passing; it was bought to
V sell at $125. The clean-up price 75c a yard J
I Fancy PTaid Silks — A very heavy fabric that sold at $1 25 ■
y a yard; some of the most stylish plaids we have seen this V
season; all good colors, 19 and 20 inches wide, One of the 1
snaps of the clean-up 75c per yard f
tf Ten-cent Bread Knive-, unt I sold out 5c each p
< strangers in the store V
\ A few of the new arrivals. The goods that are crowding the V
S summer sto..l<s out. «
\
Just received, some fancy Ribbon: draw-string taffeta in yf
J many of the new shades; striped effects, 4V4 inches wide; one C
C^ of the swell ribbons of the coming season. Now being shown
at Hale's at 45c a yard yr
3 New Plaid Ribbons— A taffeta ribbon in the new shades; C
Q two running floral stripes; one of the latest fads of fashion;
this ribbon is 3% inches wide and is now being shown at 3
J Hale's for 45c a yard g
£ We have just received a large line of souvenirs; something
\ nice to send to your Eastern friends and to give to visiting j
J tourists; made of California redwood, redwood bark, orange f
f wood, etc. • X
\ Pin Cushions. Cups and Saucers. Paper Knives. ■ p
■ Toothpick Holders. Napkin Rings. ' Horn Toads. . j
J Needle Cases. Miniature Buckets. Pen "Wipers, etc V
These articles range in prices from lOc to 45c each. jf
\ Demel Linen- _. /j^- *J97 ur ew a * a " j
S mesh Underwear I^^/JBP/^jfir/ l0 m? L /M A&s2i9^g^l log. We are about f
jr the climate. Al- /ff/ J&u(^~~^ ~~ I^^ catalog. Would
most as good as a J^S ~^^^£OO£> OOOO^^^ be pleased to ff
J vacation. It let's """^ • send it free to I
f your skin breathe. 935 tO 947 Market Street. .any one in the \
\ Booklet free. . country. •
LEES ASKS FOR
AUTOMOBILES
AND BICYCLES
Also Wants a Harbor
Patrol Boat.
— ■* — -
IMPROVEMENTS SUGGESTED
HIS ANNUAL REPORT SHOWS A
YEAR OF GOOD WORK.
E
Efficiency of the Department at a
High Standard and the Chief's
One Aim to Attain Greater
Improvement.
The annual report of Chief of Police
Lees is an interesting document in that
it outlines to the Supervisors many im
provements in tne service that are pal
pably necessary. In it Chief Lees dwells
at length on tne need of a bicycle squad,
a patrol boat to protect the extensive
shipping in the harbor and automobiles to
supersede the present expensive patrol
wagons in the transportation of prison
ers.
6 Concerning these matters the report
says :
There are at present in actual use In this
department nine patrol wagons, each of which
is drawn by two horses, with two relief horses
to assist them. It must be apparent, at a
clance, what a drain the keeping and care of
these animals 13 upon the finances of this de
partment, and any measure which should look,
reasonably and practically, to the diminution
of this expenditure should. I submit, be re
tarded favorably. Modern mechanics has made
the bicycle an implement of exceeding useful
ness and in some cities. In some of their mu
nicipal departments. It is not unusual to find
bicycle squads organized— a suggestion which
should be borne In mind when, under the new
charter the park police fall within the Juris
diction 'of this department. I suggest this Idea
concerning bicycles for the purpose of leading
up to a further suggestion. If modern me
chanics can so Improve the bicycle until it be
comes the piece of exquisite workmanship
which we see every day there can be no doubt
that in the near future the automobile will he
so far Improved, both as to its mechanism and
as to Its cost, that it- will effect the super
session of the more expensive patrol wagon:
and. Indeed, no reason is perceived by me why
the mechanism of an- automobile might not be
applied to our existing wagons, thus obviating
the purchase outright, at the commencement, of
new vehicles. And. in addition to all this, the
operating expenses of an automobile, as com
pared with the care, and keeping of many
horses, is practically nominal. I submit this
suggestion to you tor your careful considera
tion. ■ .*- -".• "•
For the further efficiency of this department
a steam patrol boat for the water front Is
imperatively necessary. The commerce of San
Francisco is large and increasing: her water
front covers many miles; her shipping Interests
are very extensive and an enormous amount
of valuable property is located upon the shores
of this harbor. In other seaport towns the
police authorities are provided with adequate
steam patrol vessels; yet. I regret to say that.
In spite of repeated recommendations hereto
fore made by me and my predecessor, and not
withstanding the defenseless condition of our
large Interests upon the bay and along the
water front, this magnificent harbor is as yet
without even one steam patrol boat.
Concerning the work of the department
Chief Lees reports that the principal of
fenses for which arrests were made dur
ing the year were: Assault with a deadly
weapon, 196: assault to murder. 100; bat
tery. 1030; begging. 494; burglary. 259;
cruelty to animals. 166: drunks. 12.775; ob
taining money by fals" pretense. 188;
gambling, all "classes. 2683; grand larceny.
309; petit larceny. 654: keeping and visit
ing h-->u.sps of ill-fame and soliciting, 464;
malicious mischief. 335; murder. 3fi; ac
cessory to murder. 2; visiting opium
Joints. 116: perjury. 22: prize fighting. 7;
rape, 7; receiving stolen goods. 25; rob
bery. 5; seduction, 9; threats to kill. 77:
vagVancy, 2775; total arrests made, 27.769.
Total number of saloons paying license
July 1, IW. 3032: total number of appli
cations filed for retail liquor licenses rV,:r
inp fiscal year. irs."'i; applications er i
1318; applications refused. 38; saloons not
opened after consent tv.-is granted, 58;
closed by Police Commission, 69; total
number saloons paying license July 1,
3007.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post st.
3-Day Specials !
Now is the' time that everybody drinks
either hot or iced. Of coarse you
know that to enjoy this delightful bever-
age you must have good tea. Have you
ever tried Rathjen Bros, on tea?
TEA. per ib 4^c »n . 7 c
All kind?, new crop, carefully
selected. Regular price, 60c and ft.
CASTILE SOAP, '2 bars 2.'c
Best quality of French
Castile soap. Regular price, ISc a bar.
SWfET PIwKLES, pint inn 20c
Prepared by H. .1 Heinz Co.
Finest known brand.
WHISKEY (Mcßrayer bot B?>c
Bottled in bond— Gallon 54.00
Regular price, Jl 25 and $?>.
WHITE WINE, Riesling. £al... Ada
A delicious table wine— well aged.
Regular price. • Toe.
ENGLISH MUSTARD, tin 10::
Keen's London, unequaled
In quality.
MAIL ORDER ? SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
21 STOCKTON ST., ! 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
. Ttlifhon* Mftin 5522. , Teltphona West 152.
C : . mm _ BMa _ iaß , ] c
■ I # I %K I "
E c-r»-w '.fUjl/jf^ » E
AT \ JjJ TTT'i AT
This big value for
this week only.
In solid oak or mahogany finish;
cobbler seat. A handsome,
comfortable chair.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Sixth,
Phone Sooth 14. Open Ersnlnp.