VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. Hi.
HERRIN TO BE OUSTED
FROM LAW DEPARTMENT
E. Burke Hoiladay Is Slated
for the Chief Position.
"Clad Hand Mac" to Look After Politics,
Crockers Agree in Writing to Sell
Their Railroad Stock,
WF. HERRIN is to be relegated
to obscurity. Following the
story that he is to be depose'd
from the political bureau of
I the Southern Pacific comes
the report that he will soon
be removed from the position of chief of
the law department.
E. O. McCormick, who is slated to suc
ceed Herrin in tii" political department, is
classed as one of the most popular rail
road men in the country. He is known
far and wide as "Glad Hand Mc," by rea- .
W. F. HERRIN, WHO IS TO BE OUSTED FROM THE RAILROAD
son of his affable attributes and ' : the
cheery manner with which he-gives greet
ing to his fellow men. For six years he \
filled the position of political manager of
the "B Line," and during that period the
line attained the zenith of its popularity.
"Glad Hand Me" displayed a genius for
adjusting differences and reconciling dis
puting elements that won the admiration i
of leading men in the railway sphere.
While affairs political, and in some sense j
industrial, were directed by him. there
was not a single strike on the "B Line." '
A ♦ i — ♦-- 4p— ♦—4'— ♦ "♦■ "♦■ -'S- ♦ *• ♦ fr ♦ ♦ ♦
. liURKt HCLLADAY, SLATED AS HERRIN'S SUCCbSSOR.
The field of his or, ration was large, as
the line had' import Interests to pro
tect In several of he leading States.
"When a cloud of trouble arose McCcr
mlck's presence was sought. When he
moved his magic glai hand turbulence
vanished and order vas restored. Mr.
McCormick did not tak. everybody of the
"B L.me" into his confluence, and did not i
boast of his successes O r prate of his !
power. He knew where confidence could
he rely reposed, and by pursuing a sens
ible tactful course avoided scandal. No
doubt these excellent tr; ts were known
to Collis F. Huntington w ie n Mr. McCor- |
mick was engaged to con^ to California
end take the office of passenger - traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com-
The Huntln^ton displeasure was pro- ,
The San Francisco Call.
voked by. the awkward and scandalous
stvle in which Herrin handled the rail
load end of the Senatorial campaign at
Sacramento last winter. No doubt the
president of the company was deceived
every day throughout the session of the
Legislature. He told his associates in
New York and the leading men who
sought to gain a point from him as to the
outcome of the Senatorial contest that
Burns would be chosen to succeed Sen
ator White. He based his confide? en
the assurances illy wired by Herrin that
the Mexican could not lose. When the
illusion was dispelled Huntington began
to look around for a man of judgment
and experience in politics. When the good
points of Beveral men were eonsid
"'Had H;ini) Me" waa offered t*ie Job.
placement of H>-rrln from the posi
f chief of the law department may
soon follow the loss of his political
feather. The outlook for his retention
was not bright when the Senatorial cam
paign opened, but an extension of time
was Granted to him on the implied un
• Hiding that he would win the rall
road's fight for the Senatorship. In the
struggle at Sacramento he was not sus
tained by coin, and from the Crockers
and Mrs. Stanford he received but little
sympathy. Mrs. Stanford had no per
sonal objection to Burns, but she so dls
]jk<d Herrln that she refused to aid the
Mexican. She wived from Mrs. Grant
an urgent appeal to espouse the cause of
U, S. Grant Jr., and would have com
piled with the request If Russell Wilson
had not advised her to keep out of the
contest.
AVhen the Legislature adjourned with
out a choice for Senator, the insiders at
the yellow building knew that the Herrin
goose was conked, but the chief of the
;w department saw the extra session
straw and grasped it. OoIIIh P. Hunting
ton is now advised that tho members of
the legislature will be tailed together
In special session to award the Senator
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
THE WAR IS OVER FOR THE CALIFORNIA MEN;
THEY HAVE BEEN MUSTERED OUT OF SERVICE
LAST MILITARY DUTY— VISITING THE PAYMASTER.
THE service of the California volun
teers la wer. The men have been
paid off and mustered out, and
each one has sought his home
with a sigh of relief and an in
-1 tention of staying there.- None of them
will re-enlist— at least for a while— and
for sixty days the regiment will remain
j dormant. At the end of that time it will
I report for duty in the National Guard.
During all the service in the Philippines
there has been kept prominently before
the men of the command this one fact—
1 that they were the old First Regiment, N.
G. ("'.. and as soon as the war should end
the command would go back to the place
■ In the Guard which has been awaiting it.
i By act of the Legislature the men are al
lowed to report back within a certain
time, and within that time the regiment
will go on duty again. As a reward for
a prompt report for duty the Legislature
has decreed that for those who served
with the command and report back within
the time prescribed, service In the war
will count for service In the Guard: and
he who Is again ready for duty will be
credited with continuous service for the
State as well as what honors the war has
brought him. In view of this fact it is
certain that a great percentage of the
men of the regiment will report for duty
In the Guard, although it may be that
"GLAD HAND MAC," WHO WILL DO RAILROAD POLITICS.
A LAST ORDER FROM THE
COLONEL OF THE FIRST
f p O-PAY this command will be mustered out of the T'nlted States Vol
® ■ unteer Service and officers and men sever the.ir official relations, hut *^ •■
O fortunately the organization will be perpetuated for all time to come, O
q for as ;i regiment It returns to the service of the State of California as q
\ n "*■ the First Regiment, Infantry. N\ G. C. To officers and men I can ;
** say with pride and pleasure, your military service has been "Honest
© and Faithful." the highest commendation that can he paid a soldier. The © j
O honors show, rc-d upon us by the people of California since our return should O !
| £» encourage each and every one to become a good citizen in whatever walk q j
of life our vocations may lead us. Between ourselves let our thoughts be i
! © charitable and our actions kind in memory of the hardships shared together, *£ j
! © as well a.s the many pleasant and valuable experiences gained by our scry- O
i © ice in the Philippines. The importance of that service will be more appre- Q
rt dated as the years roll by and the fraternal ties of comradship more bind- q |
Ing as we learn to forget our personal sacrifices and Inconveniences and re-
O alize our good fortune in having been permitted to serve our country In a °
O war for humanity and follow its (lag to victory. ©
O Official: VICTOR D. DI'BOCE, Colonel Commanding. q
!l HENRY E. CURZONS, Captain and Adjutant. q
OCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
many of them will not remain there long.
There was no particular ceremony about
th© proceedings yesterday. The men of
the artillery uattalion were the first to
go. They were lined up by batteries, and
the rolls were called, each man stepping
two paces to the front when his name
was called, the mustering- officer verifying
his records. Then the batteries were
marched up to the messroom, and while
the paymaster handod over their pay their
discharges were given them. That ended
It. They were free to go and do as they
pleased, and all the service they had ren
dered, all the work they had done, was
crystallized into a bit of paper, a few gold
pieces and a memory.
Before his men were mustered out Major
Rice issued a general order. The relations
between the men and officers of the artil
lery battalion have been particularly cor
dial, and Major Rice's order was more in
the nature of a good-by from a friend
than the words of a commander.
The mustering -out of the First Regi
ment was similar in every respect, except
that there were more men. Major Howell.
Major Gilbert and Major Curry, paymas
ters, handled the gold, each paying off a
battalion, and the work took but a short
time.
The property of the men had been drift
ing toward the city ever since the regi
ment arrived, and so when the final day
came there was little more to go. The
records had to be cared for. however, and
also the colors, and these were sent down
to the old armory in the city early in the
afternoon. Two color sergeants from
Company I. the color company, had been
appointed, and these will have charge of
the colors and will carry them whenever
the flags are paraded. They are Sergeant
Henry Lemeteyer and Sergeant Harry
Stolzenwald. They were mustered out as
color sergeants.
In all the First Regiment was paid close
to $150,000. Some of the officers responsible
for property were not paid, nor will they
be until their property returns have been
approved at Washington. One man. Cor
poral Clatanoff of Company G. was paid
nearly $1100. He was with the Eighteenth
T'nitcd States Infantry in Manila, and re
ceived his discharge there, getting travel
pay home. He enlisted in Manila in the
First California, and he was entitled to
travel pay back to the islands. This, with
his regular pay and his extra pay and the
travel pay he had deposited made his
dealings with the paymaster a matter for
envy.
As the California men were going out
the Thirty-second Regiment passed in to
the Presidio, its men every bit as enthusi
astic as those whose service was over—
but for a different cause. The Thirty-sec
ond is bound for Manila. It will spend a
few weeks at the Presidio and then con
tinue on its way. Its men are eager to be
away from here and off to the trenches '
in the Philippines. Those who have been j
! home, and yet there are those in the
Thirty-second and in the other regiments
| now bound outward who served In Cuba —
1 a campaign as hard as any ever planned
|In .the islands. Perhaps some of those
i men now going home will tire of the
humdrum of a peaceful life and will again
seek adventure in the wars. The Thirty-
I second Is from Fort Leavenworth. Kans.,
ar.d.is composed of men from the interior
States.
Captain Walter F. Randall, Twenty
' seventh Infantry, has been granted a
! leave of absence for thirty days.
A board of officer?, consisting of Colonel
William H. Forwood. assistant surgeon
i general; Major Hugh J. Gallagher, com
missary of subsistence, and Captain Sedg
| wick Pratt, Third Artillery, has been ap
i pointed to examine applicants from the
' Minnesota regiment for commissions in
j the army.
Major Edward B. Moseley, formerly
, post surgeon at the Presidio, has been or
; tiered to duty as chief surgeon on the
Sheridan. Major Moseley will remain in
' Manila when he arrives there.
Hospital Stewards Benjamin Rix. Ken
' neth Klncaid and Patrick O'Brien, now on
duty at the general hospital at the Pre
sidio, have been ordered to Manila.
VOLUNTEERS THE GUESTS
OF THE STATE RED CROSS
Enjoyable Excursion and a Basket
Party Given in Their Honor
at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21.— Two hundred vet
i erans, of the Philippine war, members of
'• the Idaho, Wyoming and , North Dakota
! regiments.. were royally entertained here
| to-day. I The schools were closed and there
was v a half-holiday in -their honor. The >
i •soldiers arrived at c 12:40 from San- Fran
' cisco and were the guests of the excursion
committee of the State Red Cross Soci
ety.
• At the depot they were met by the local
Red Cross Society. Mayor Martin and cit
izens and Conterno's band. They were at
once escorted to St." James Park, where
a basket picnic was given in their honor.
Mayor Martin welcomed the boys and told
them to make themselves at home. Bas
kets had been prepared containing dainty
lunches, with a boutiful supply of fruit
and flowers. The picnic was under the
supervision of Mrs. E. O. Smith, president
of the San Jose Red Cross, and she was
I assisted by fully one hundred ladles.
■ There was a plentiful supply of Shasta I
water and barrels of lemonade and sev
eral tons of luscious fruits and grapes for
I the volunteers..
After lunch had been served the visitors
\ were taken for a drive about the city and
through the orchard districts. Fruit can
MAJOR RICE'S FAREWELL
TO HIS ARTILLERYMEN
TO THE OFFICERS AND MEN OF THE CALIFORNIA HEAVY AR
TILLERY: The signing of this order terminates the official relat^ns
that have for over sixteen months bound us together as a military or
ganization. For your patience, forbearance and fortitude under the
exercise by me of a discipline slightly less in degree than that usually
applied to troops forming a part of the regular establishment, I extend
to you my grateful appreciation and heartfelt thanks; and for such errors of
judgment as have characterized my administration of the battalion, I invoke
your charitable consideration as men of full age and discretion. The as
sociation with you as an organization has been to me one of the proudest,
and the termination of this relationship this day is one of the saddest, ex
periences of a lifetime. The best wishes of your battalion commander ac
company you one and all wherever the duties of your life may call you.
Official: FRANK S. RICE,
JOHN A. KOSTER, Major Commanding.
First Lieutenant and Adjutant.
PRICE FI^E CEXTS.
neries were visited and the soldiers
showed great interest in the work.
"When the veterans left for San Fran
; risen this Mvening they were loud in the
praise of San Jose hospitality and de
clared they had had a delightful outing.
Foung ladies with a penchant for auto
j graphs and relics were out in force, and
when the train pulled out many of the
' soldiers suffered from writer's cramp
• and all were minus buttons.
FOUR LIVES LOST
IN HOSPITAL FIRE
The Remains of the Victims Have
Been Recovered From St. Vin
cent de Paul's.
NORFOLK. Va.. Sept. 21.— Four live*
were lost in the fire which destroyed St.
I Vincent de Paul's Hospital early this
i morning. The remains "f tho dead were
! taken out of the ruins this afternoon. The
' MRS. 6 MARGARET McEWEN. 7A years
old. of weak mind, in the hospital for safe
kt-t-ping.
MRS. ELIZARETH WHITE, an aged
! woman.
(ARRIE BOSWEL.L, a four-year-old
i child.
MISS PIPPIN of Laraboro. N. C.
Throe firemen and two nurses were
I badly Injured. Sister Bernard, who was
in charge of the hospital, estimates the
i loss at $500,000. on which there was an
: insurance of only $33,000. That the hospi
i tal will be rebuilt there is scarcely a
doubt.
REV. PAREHURST BACK.
Says That No Americans Abroad
Favor the Philippine War.
NEW YORK. Sept. ZL— Rev. Dr. Charles
Parkhurst returned fmm Europe to-day.
In an interview he said:
"The war in the Philippines is much
discussed abroad, and I do not think it
will be over for half a century yet. I met
no Americans abroad who were in sym
pathy with the war. Regarding the
Engfish-Boer trouble. I think the only
right thing the English can do is back
down. Secretary Chamberlain knows well
that the majority of the English people
are not in favor of England's stand in the
matter. Everybody knows who has
studied the question that by the conven
tion of ISS4 England has no rt^ht to In
terfere in the Transvaal."
Laborers Scarce.
MADFRA. Sept. 21.— The scarcity of help
still continues here and the Madera Sugar
Pine Company and othor corporations em
ploying numbers of men are advertising
extensively outside for men to carry on
their work.2
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT
Peculiar Case of an Italian at Vancouver
Who Refuses to Obey a
Justice's Order,
0 VANCOUVER, 8.C.. Sept. 2L— Ferdinand Canessa, an aged Italian. 49
£ is in the penitentiary here serving: what Is practically a term of im- g
♦* prisonment for life. A year ago he was committed for contempt of £
i» court for refusing to sign a deed of some land, granting it to a former &
& partner. The case la being freshly opened on a petition to the Govern- f$
£5 ment to release the man. , O
9 Canessa was among, the pioneers of the Cariboo gold excitement in i?
.£> 1869. IT. collected quite a large fortune and expended it mostly in real v
•-* estate in this city. He is the owner of property all over town and his £
£• check is good for any amount up to $100,000. Nevertheless the chances 'A
# are that he will serve out the remainder of his days in jail. He was the O
.* defendant in a land case Involving about $2000 with a former partner »3
£* named Nichols, and refused to obey the order of Justice Martin to sien H
% the deed to Nichols. He said he Would never do it. and the Judsre paid £
i* he would have to stay in jail until he did. That was a year ago. and g
& the man's health in breaking down. H
g Several lawyers have taken hold of the case in succession, but they ,>
«♦ cannot break down the old man's barrier of obstinacy. He says that if •*
v the young Judge will not reverse hi? order he will stay in jail until he £5
*1 dies. It was another phase of ( this case that was a leading factor in $
£• 'the recent demand for the resignation of Attorney General Joseph O
P Martin. ■ , g
BIG FIRE IN THE
STOCKYARDS DISTRICT
Losses Aggregating Nearly Three
Hundred Thousand Dollars
Occasioned in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Fire this afternoon
did $275,000 damage to buildings in. the
stockyards district: There . were 1400
hordes in the stables at the time the lire
broke out, but none of them were In
jured: The pavilion where the fire orig
inal was a large stable, with an amphi
theater, where exhibitions of thorough
bred stock were held. It was valued at
130,000, This is a total loss, together with
its contents, which amounted to $6000. The
Transit House, the largest hotel in the
stockyards district, was damaged to the
extent of $75,000. Other losses are as fol
lows:.
The Dexter Park stables and contents.
$23,000; barns occupied by Newgass &
Son and Elder & Co.. horse dealers,
(IV ilAil
MONTEJO CONDEMNED.
Sentenced to Retirement Without the :
Right of Promotion.
MADRID. S.'pt. 22- ri.ar Admiral Mor.
tejo, who commanded the Spanish naval j
M in the battle of Manila Bay and
who has been <>n trial before the Supreme j
Court, ha^ been condemned to retirement 1
without the right of promotion. I
HERRIN TO BE OUSTED
FROM LAW DEPARTMENT
Continued from First Page.
ship to the Mexican. In the yellow build-
Ing a serious doubt i. expressed as to
whether Gage will call an extra session.
It [9 said that the Governor" may tret j
mad and rush things if The Call Insists
that he dare not defy public sentiments ■
a: d outrage the taxpayers by calling an ,
extra session. The slender thread upon ;
which depends the tenure of Herrin in I
th« law department Is the election of !
Burns to the United States Senate.
There is at this time a deal of conjecture
regarding Herrin's successor in the law.
department. The story comes from the :
inner circle that E. Burke Holladay. who
is now with C. P. Huntington at the lat
-.•:'!- country home. Oneida. New York,
will be appointed. Burke Holladay in tBBu
married Miss Carrie D. Huntington, niece
of C. P Huntington and daughter of the
late Solon Huntington. The wedding took
place at C. P. Huntington's Fifth-avenue 1
residence New York. Burke Holladay Is |
the son of Samuel W. Holladay. so well ;
and favorably known to the bar of san
Francisco. The young man is an especial
favorite of C. P. Hunttngton. He is able
and popular. "Glad Hand Me" and |
Burke Holladay, acting together, would
popularize the corporation and perhaps ,
promote traffic. .; : . , , >
Burke Holladav received his training in
a good law school In looking backward
he is not strained to quote:
"My only books were women's looki.
And Colly's all they taught me."
Should he become the head of the law
department he would go there with the
prestige of his uncle-in-law"s Power to
sustain him. He will be in San Francisco
again early in October.
Etecei t events indicate that the Hunt
ington power in the affairs of the corn- j
pan v will Increase henceforth rather than
diminish. He Is now recognized as the
moving spirit behind the syndicate which
Is conducting the negotiations to purchase
the Crocker Interests in the railroad.
"When Jinncs fryer was in San Francisco
last April much of the talk about his
presence being necessary to the reorgani
zation was mere pretense— a blind, me
Fieps for the acquisition of the Crocker
stock were then taken. There is no as- .
surance yet that the deal is finished, but
the Insiders are reasonably certain that
the Speyer syndicate is acting as the
agent of C. P. Huntington. The Jewish
capitalists who are supplying Huntington
with the sinews of wstr will demand repre
sentation in the board of directors of the
corporation.
When James Speyer came out her? last
April he was on a mission to appraise the
value of the railroad property of the
Southern Pacific system. After the ap
praisement was made the value of the
Crocker interest was ascertained by the
Bvndlcate and negotiations to purchase
were begun. The dockers agreed in writ
ing to sell at a certain figure. The option
wa* reported to the banking house of
Speyer & Co. It is not certain by any
means that the transaction is closed. The
Crockers agree to sell and the Speyers
propose to buy.
When H. E. Huntington was deposed
and George Crocker promoted to a prom
inent place in the direction of railway
affairs The Call predicted that Co Ills P.
Huntington was nursing a surprise for
the unwary. C. P. Huntington is a crafty
old fox. His ideas of higher education
may not command popular commendation,
but when it comes to the performance or
smooth tricks along the line of practical
education in dealing with the ambitions
and vanities of mankind he deserves to
rank as a professor. Perhaps Herrin
fooled him last winter, but he will fool
Krrrln before next summer.
Every one familiar with the inside his
tory and the ancient personal feuds of
the corporation knows that C. P. Hunt
ington entertains no fondness for the
Crocker*. From the Huntington stand- i
point Charles Crocker was endured and
the Crocker boys were tolerated. The
leopard does not change his spots, and the
Huntington does not forget his tricks.
George Crocker v.as not promoted in good
faith to pacify conflicting Interests or
promote tna popularity of the road, not
withstanding the people of California, who
cherish a filing of kindness rind respect
for the Crockers, welcomed the advance
ment of O<?oree Crocker to .i high place ;
in the councils of the corporation.
George and Will H. Crocker will not dis
cuss the reported transactions involving
the sale of the Crocker interests in the
railroad. Pending negotiations, the wis
dom of their silence on the subject is
obvious. When the transaction is closed
they may decide to break the j seal of
secrecy. The manner in which they refer
all applicants for Information to James
Bpeyer signifies that the Speyers are the \
The prediction is made by The Call that
Collis P. Huntington'H sway will hence
forth be absolute and' that one of the first
changes will be the removal of W. F.
Jl.rrin from the position of chief of the
law" department. Ilerrln's last hope Is
that an extra session of the Legislature
may be convened and Dan Burns be
chosen United States Senator. He fancies
that h winning stroke In the political game
would enable him to point to the Mexican |
THE UNITED STATES
WILL NOT INTERFERE
Peace Prevails in San Domingo and
No Action Will Be Necesary by
This Government.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21. — Instructions
were sent to-day by Acting Secretary Al
len to Commander Bodgers, commanding
the Nashville, to proceed to San Domingo
to relieve the cruiser New Orleans, which
will be ordered north. This action dis
pose? of the report that the United States
is preparing to interfere in San Domingo
to establish peace. It was pointed out
that if interference was intended the New
Or'eans would be retained in Dominican
waters.
Latest reports from Commander Long
necker. commanding the New Orleans,
show that quiet prevails and there is no
necessity for the United States to take
action. Recognition of the new Govern
ment ha s not yet been granted, as the
State Department is awaiting a report
from Minister Powell that the new Gov
ernmeni is? stable in character.
Czar and Czarina at Kiel.
KIEL, Sept. 21.— The Czar and Carina
arrived here at 9 a. m. to-day. As the
Russian imperial yacht Polar Star en
tered the harbor the men on the Germr»n
warships manned the decks. A large
crowd of people witnesses the arrival of
their MaJestteß.
in the Senate and say to the Huntingtons:
"There is the result of my work. Can
you afford to dispense with my services?"
THE RAILROAD PLUM.
i Wide Speculation as to Who
May Succeed George
Crocker.
In spite of the reticence maintained by
! Speyer, Crocker and all those most in
timately concerned, the big deal in rail
road securities is taken as a fact and tis
the one absorbing topic of conversation
along Montgomery street and everywhere
else that -brokers and railroad men con
gregate. - ; : . ': ; '...'.
Notwithstanding the fact that not one
.-: they>rleipals'or their agents has as yet
s^aidf anything-; which could "possibly be
I construed into either an admission or a
denial' of the" truth of the report, the gen-'
I eral opinion seems to be that the big
transfer is now under way and that C. P.
Huntington is the power behind the pur
chasing throne. . •'."- . r,v
j This belief does not seem to be produc
j tive of /any great amount of jubilation.
It mean* that, the Huntington wishes will
be the undisputed policy of the Southern
Pacific-Company^ and those wishes have
been so often demonstrated in the past
I that 'the people of California know now
' little they have, to expect from any con
. cern In which the aged financier is the
dominant power.
The reasons which have led up to this
deal constitute a matter of considerable
- speculation. Some gay that George
Crocker has no taste for railroading, and
; as his opinions of the business are shared
■ by the, balance 91' the family they decided
■ to get out as soon as an opportunity pre
■ sented itself. Others say that C. P. Hunt
'■ ingtun has carried his animosity toward
the founder of the Crocker family past
, i the grave and has visited upon the chil
: dren the hate he had for their father to
! such an extent that the position of George
, | Crocker us second vice president has been
. i made as unpleasant as it well could be,
I ami he. finding that he whs little more
i than a. cipher when it came to the exer
i cisc of any of the prerogatives of his posl
i ! tion, decided to get out of a place which
■ was only a continual source of humilia
tion to him. • . • • -»;>:.?.:>:
An it is generally conceded that liunt
', ington-is the man behind Bpeyer, curiosity
i ia rife to know Who will succeed to the
I ofllce of second vice president. Many
! seem to think that the robe will fall on
H. E. Huntington, who they say stands
; wtll with the head of the company and
i has been taking particular pains to tit
himself for some such place, when ques
> tioned about this matter yesterday Mr.
; Crocker refused to discuss it in any way
! whatever, and J. C. Stubbs was hardly
more communicative. Said Mr. Stubbs:
"If Mr. Crocker has sold out his stock,
and I don't know that he has, It does not
follow that he will resign his office in the
company. I suppose he has many other
I interests in the company besides those
represented by his shares, and it would
not be, surprising if he continued to be
1 associated with its management. In any
( Me it would not" be probable that a
change would occur before the next an
nual meeting of the directors, and that is
far enough off to give you newspaper
: sharps plenty of time in which to con
struct theories." '"'..*■■£.
This is all that the suave third vice
president would say.
There are some wise ones, however, who
generally know a thing or two, and they
! say that Huntington will spring 1 a sur
i prise on every one by having the place
lillod by the "Discriminator, who now
i dees so nobly as a general manager. These
I knowing people say that H. E. Hunting
! ton 18-neareV and of more service- to his
; uncle as assistant to the president than
; he could possibly be in the other position.
1 Stubbs*,' they say. Is too good a man where
ho is to be taken from the -supervision of
1 the traffic department, and as Krutt
-1 schnitt lies pretty close to the magnate it
Is logical to suppose that he" will be se
i lected to fill up the space left vacant by
1 Crocker, particularly an there are any
number of men in ' the employ of the
Southern Pacific who could fill the post
' tion of general manager and not average
over an accident a week.
If Kruttechnitt does win out it will
' mean a change all along the line of the
Huntington faction not only because of
■ hifi promotion but because of the number
1 of Crocker men, led by Fillmore, who will
have to find some other place to go to
' lay their heads.
Considerable talk was occasioned yes
i terday when It became known that a num
i ber of offices were being prepared for oc
cupancy in the Crocker building-.' and the
; rumor was at once started that George
Crocker was preparing to move out of
i the Southern Pacific building at once
Mr. Crocker denied this, saying that the
offices were being .made ready for Mr.
i Groen, manager of the Crocker estate
I as those he now occupies in the big Mont
gomery street political bureau are en
tirely too ."mall for the purpose. Mr
Crocker further said that he nad no In
j tention of moving at present.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
ORANGE FREE STATE
IN SYMPATHY WITH BOERS
President Steyn Makes a Most Sig=
nificant Speech at an Impor=
tant Session of the
Volksraad,
J President Steyn and Prominent Leaders of the Orange
♦ Free State.
BL.OEMFONTEIN, Orange Free. ,
State, Sept. 21.— The Volksraad met to- I
day with a full attendance. President ;
Steyn read a carefully prepared speech.
After welcoming the Burghers he ex
pressed regret that the relations be
tween Great Britain and the Transvaal ;
. had become strained. The members,
he said, were aware of the meeting <>i
Sir Alfred Milner and President Kruger
at Bloemfontein when President Kru
ger made proposals, which, although
refused by the British commissioner
were unanimously considered through
out the Orange Free State to be ex- j
ceedingly fair.
Proceeding to review the negotiations
President Steyn said the Transvaal had
been decoyed by the British diplomatic .
agent at Pretoria, Conyngham Greene, j
and he "practically accused the impe
rial Government of a breach of faith.
He said he was disinclined to advise
the Transvaal Government to accept
the latest British demands. The.pres- j
ent critical Btate of affairs < ould not be
a matter of indifference to the Orange
Free State, which was bound by treaty
to afford assistance to. the Transvaal
and he had, therefore, convened the ;
Volksraad to decide what attitude i
should be taken.
"There is nothing," declared the
President, •'that warrants war or an j
attack on the Transvaal. Such differ- !
i ences as exist can be solved by arblua
j tion. War would be an insult to re- j
■ ligion and civilization."
In conclusion President Steyn said
I he would take this opportunity of lay
ing certain draft laws before the Volks
raad for consideration, praying God to
give the members strength to pass reso
lutions not only conducive to peace and
; prosperity, but also in the interest of
i their beloved State.
Immediately after the speech Presi
dent Steyn asked the Volksraad to k<>
into secret session, which was agreed
! to unanimously.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— While the Dre
cise result of the secret, session of the
Kaad of the Orange Free State is not
yet known here, President Steyn's
; speech at the opening of th' 1 session is
I regarded as an almost infallible indi
j cation of the attitude which the Free
' State will take.
Commenting from this point of view,
; the London morning papers are all tm
! pressed with the added gravity of the
i situation and murmurs are beginning
| to be heard regarding the dilatoriness
of the Government in getting troops
forward. The military men are said to
be impatient. They assert that every
, thing is ready and that they are only
| watting for orders.
It is recognized that the attitude of
the Orange Free State makes the orijr
' inal estimate* baßed upon Dutch neu-
I trallty too small. Evidently a much
larger force will be required.
The Government is faced with some
thing like a dilemma. The leader of
I the opposition has publicly denounced
the precipitancy of the Colonial Office
; in forcing on a conflict. Therefore Mln
' isters are disinclined to convoke Par
i liament. If, on the other hand, so large
i an expenditure as the apparent atti
i tude of the Orange Free State would
: involve should become necessary, the
■ Government would be obliged to sum
mon Parliament in order to get ade
quate supplies. It is understood that
the money question accounts for the
dribbling manner in which the troops
i are being forwarded.
German military experts realizing the
1 seriousness of the campaign before
Great Britain are commenting with as
tonishment upon the fact that England
is so behind hand in her preparations.
i In Berlin it is also believed that Dr.
, Leyds is acting as President Kruger's
] evil genius and that he is leading him
I by reports that he is likely to get sym
pathy, if not assistance, from some of
the European powers.
No member of the Cape Cabinet was
! present at the meeting of the Afrikan
-1 der members of thrt Cape Parliament
j yesterday.
A dispatch from Pretoria announces
I that arms continue to be served to the
i burghers.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 21.— Sir John
I Gordon Spriggs, leader of the opposi
! tion in the Cape House of Assembly.
! and former Premier and Treasurer of
Cape Colony, in an interview to-day
i said:
"I have no doubt that a portion of
the population of the colony would be
actively anti-British in the event of a
war with the Transvaal. I do not an
ticipate a rising, but some of the young
land impulsive Afrikanders would prob
ably show their sympathy by joining
the Boer forces. In my judgment the ;
proceedings at to-day's meeting of i
Afrikander members of the Cape Par- j
liaincnt were njost injudicious. No i
mention was made of any sympathy i
with those who would suffer while j
fighting on the British side. It is im- j
possible that those who are doing their
best to upheld British authority should
conceive anything in the nature of a
retirement fiorn the position adopted
by the imperial Government. Any stl*h
weakness would be fatal to the future
maintenance of British authority in
South Africa."
Inferring to the speech of Sir Wilt
liarn Vcniun Harrourt last evening in •
New Tredegar, England. Sir John said
tu> considered it "ill-advised" and "in
judicious," especially at the present
juncture. In his opinion, Harcourt'd
assertion that Great Britain could not
claim general sovereignty in the Trans
vaal when she had only partial suzer
ainty would do more than anything else
to encourage disaffection.
"I would remind the British public."
paid Sir John, 'that Sir "William Ver
non Harcourt was a mpmher of the
Government really responsible for all
the pit-sent troubles in South Africa
Blnce 1881."
PRETORIA, Sept. 21.— General Jou
bcrt, th" Boer oommander-in-ehief. Is
quoted a? savins in an interview:
"The situation is serious. Probably
the heaviest fighting: would occur on
the Natal border. The British are like
ly to attempt to invade the Transvaal
by way of the Van Relnan Pass."
Urgent messages are reaching the
Raad from members, who are demand
ing authority for the Boers to mass at
strategic points.
BOMBAY, Sept. 21.— Major General
Hunter and his staff, with the Devon
shire regiment and a squadron of the
Nineteenth Hussars, have sailed for
th; Cape. ____________
GENERAL RAMON ULLOA
DIES IN BUENA VENTURA
A Military Hero of Colombia Who
Formerly Was Consul General in
San Francisco.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald, ropyrlshted. 1599, hy James Gordon
Bennott.
PANAMA, Sept. 21.— Word comes from
Buena Ventura that General Ramon Ulloa.
commander of the Colombian gunboat
Boyaca, died in that port Monday. No
further details have yet been received.
The news caused much grief here, as
General Ulloa was universally esteemed
a.nd exceedingly popular. He wa« often
called the hero of Colon for defeating
Prestan, the leader of the revolutionists.
In 1886, when as colonel, leading a detach
ment of the Colombian army he recap
turf il Colon, routing the rebels, and was
severely wounded in one leg. The Stat?
Department and the commander of the
American ship in Colon gave General
riloa well merited praise for his bravery.
T!. w;is once Consul General in San Fran
cisco, and for several years served as
secretary of the legation and charge d'af
faires in Rome. In his native State,
Cauoa, he bad occupied at different times
important civil and military positions.
VENEZUELAN FORCES
GATHERING AT LA GUAYRA
Confidently Expected That a Decisiva
Engagement Will Take Place
in a Short Time.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Oordon
Bennett.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad, Sept. 21.—
The Venezuelan Government la concen
trating its easterni forces at La Ouayra
to meet the revolutionist troops under
General Mata.
A decisive engagement is expected to
take place very soon. It is reported that
tht' reason President Andrade returned to
Caracas was that he feared treachery on
the part of two generals who are believed
to be in sympathy with the revolution
ists.
Illegal Sale of Liquor.
MARYSVIL.LE. Sept. 21.— Since the hop
picking season began in Butter County
the season has been a busy one and the
U<2Oor traffic in particular has flourished,
despite a county ordinance prohibiting the
sale of intoxicants. As a result a Mrs.
Craddock and her son Stephen were ar
rested to-day, and other arrests will fol
low. The prisoners were released on fur
nishing bonds.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Eromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove'e signature is on each box. 25c
AMBUSHED FILIPINOS
KILL AMERICANS
Derail a Train and Fire From a Bamboo
Thicket on the Struggling Sol
diers.
MANILA, 2:35 p. m., Sept. 22.— A
party of insurgents ditched a train
carrying United States soldiers one
and a half miles south of Angeles
this morning. Then they opened fire
from a bamboo thicket ambush on the
derailed cars and their struggling oc
cupants.
Two American soldiers were killed
and five wounded.
Lieutenant Lome and five of his
scouts, who were on the train, made
METHODISTS MEET
AT LOS ANGELES
Conference of Southern
District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 21.— Bishop E. X.
Ninde presided at to-day's - .session of the
annual conference of the M. E church of
the southern district of California. He
was early commended for the rapidity
with whirh he executed the objects of the
session. The question of life insurance
caused a lively discussion.
The committee oh preachers' aid society
work recommended the following amend
ment to the constitution: "That the rate
of contribution by the preachers be
changed from one-half of one per cent to
one per cent of the salary received for the
current year, including- the rental of the
parsonage and receipts for the missionary
society.
"That the disbursement be to the claim
ants who have paid their assessments to
this society and In proportion to the num
ber of their annual payments.
"When a contributor ceases to be a
member of this conference he shall re
ceive back the whole amount of his pay
ment to this fund and shall not be longer
a claimant upon it."
It transpired that only sixteen members
of the conference arc paying into the an
nuity fund, which is distinct from other
funds handled by the aid society for tho
assistance of the superannuated ministers.
The report from the committee included
the following comments on the work of
the year:
"We point with satisfaction to our great
publishing houses. Our property Is secure.
Our credit is unquestioned. Every year
we issue millions of pages of religious lit
erature to help forward the kingdom of
Christ and distributf a handsome fortune
among the needy preachers of our church.
"The profits of the past year are not so
large as could be desired, yet they are
creditable.
"We regret to announce receipts of the
Episcopal fund for the beginning of the
year have been pxhaustcd and the year
closes wiih a defk-it of $3115 63.
"We earnestly urge upon the attention
of our annual conferences the duty of
meeting in full thflr obligations to this
claim. The apportionments continue at
the same rate as hitherto, namely, I'+ per
cent for the claim for ministerial support,
and under the law of the church the re
ceipts for Bishops, presiding elders and
pastors must be shared pro rata."
FOUND DEAD WITH A
STONE TIED TO HER NECK
Twelve-Year-Old Delta Scoville Assaulted
and Thrown Into the Neha
lem River,
% TILJ.AMOOK. Or.. Sept. 21.— The body of Delta, the 12-year-old £
v daughter of E. W. Scoville. was found this morning at low tide in the £
jg North Fork of Nehalem River with a stone tied around her neck. . £§
SS i The girl has been missing from her home at Nehalem since Tues- g
fit day evening. It is thought the girl was and then murdered, p
■..■■;:i; ,-.--.•,:.■ , .•->■. :■■ y^.- :;■.■;■•;;• -;•"■'<.: . >.. g»
#0?S08«OSi08iOJiO Si 0 88QS9Q889S8Q3MQ8S OS*O**O?iO?i0?*O ?»O ?SQ5SO3*O!d0!«0?*O<l
Ninety Cents.
A man remarked the other day regarding these 90-cent hats: "I don't
see how the factory can make these hats for such a low price."
The explanation is : These hats are $1.50 hats — they ought to be sold
for that to make a fair profit. But we sell them for 93 cents to get people
acquainted with our hat department
' The hats come in three shapes : -
" . Derbys— and black.
Fedoras— brown, black, pearl and. cedar.
Violets— same colors as fedoras.'
/~* _-^ — -^ _-> |l|_3____________p!^__i^________^[ __i**^vi?^
They come in blue with heavy braid N^sHPil^JKfSg
trimmings, also in four shades of fs^~ ■**** <^"' ' "T-C^T ~ J
gray, and we want mothers to note . ** 3^'!^ 1
that these caps are special values at * rv *^
2 c each -
fas.N.wo6DTcol^
>^^/ I B MARKET S-T.
Out-of-town orders filled—write us.
a vigorous defense and repulsed the
1 Filipinos.
Six dead rebels were afterward
picked up in the bamboo thicket.
No particulars have been forward
ed yet regarding the names and com
panies of the dead and wounded sol
-1 diers.
General Wheaton with six com
panies proceeded from Oalulut to the
relief of the train, but their services
. were unneeded.
LOST MILLIONS
IN WHEAT DEAL
Failure of a Big Firm
in Chicago Causes a
Slight Panic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— The firm of Bar
rett, Farnum & Co., a wealthy and influ
ential Board of Trade concern here, failed
to-day. It had heavily sold short during
the past three days, plunging in the ex
pectation that the New York stock panic
would result in a break in wheat. The
shortage of the firm Is variously esti
mate! at from 4,000,000 to 5,000,000 bushels
of the December option.
It was noticed yesterday that the com
pany was a heavy buyer of wheat '
In the local pit, taking about 1,000.000
in an effort to cover. The price held
firm, with a strength that puzzled the
theorists in view of the bearish tone of
news'. Again this morning the brokers
representing the firm were busy on the
curb and in the pit. but all efforts proved
of no avail. The crash came at 11 o'clock,
when the deals wont into the clearing
house. Barrett. Farnum & Co. in a has
tily scrawled notice announced the in
ability of fhe firm to fulfill its contracts.
Then the scene in the pit took on the
shape of a panic. The December option
had opened at 71? i to 71% c and the mar
ket slid quietly off under sales against
calls to ilUc. At this figure Barrett, Far
num & Co. renewed their efforts to re
cover. The price jumped fractionally
to 73c. Then came the announcement of
the abrogation of the firm's contracts,
and the scramble to get out from under.
December declined to 71^c without even
an effort at recovery.
Meanwhile Messrs. Barrett. Farnum &
Co. had closed their doors. James
Walker, manager of the concern, when
seen, declared that he was as much sur
prised as any one at the suspension, and
gave as his opinion that the firm would
be able to resume business, inasmuch as
the subsiding of the panic had left wheat
fluctuating narrowly.
"It is impossible to say just what the
liabilities are," said Mr. Walker, "or the
as&ets either, for that matter. But with
wheat at the present figure I believe that
thf ship is not at the bottem yet, but
just a little water-logged."
Frank Logan, a prominent broker, de
clared that the shortage could only be
approximated, but was probably 4,000,
--000 bushels of wheat.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
J Men who are suffering from a I H
j . i contracted ailment or a weak- ! H
ness which is sapping the very ; H
I life from all parts of their ho - H
ies, and want a permanent cure a
at a reasonable price should call fg
on or write DR. MEYERS & H
CO.. 731 Market street. . «
Natural ability, long years of | |i
! practice in the cure of all ail- i _Rj
FREE TO PATIENTS
- I AH Remedies and Aprliaices.^
& i ments .of men, never-faillrs m
j remedies, appliances and math- Bj
ods, ample capital and earr<t-t rj
■ I endeavor have kept 'these j m
I skilled physicians in the front] M
g ! rank of specialists since IRBV1 R 8V ■ ¥3
i . DR. MEYERS & CO. conduct I , m
I the largest and best equipped: i H
: | medical institution and have g
gj'-|-the most extensive practice [ In | H
NO PAY REQUIRED
' j;y. Till Cure Is Effected. |
■ the world. They avoid the use |
, - of all mineral, poisonous or dan- 1 H
S gerous drugs and electric belts.' H
All their remedies are carefully. H
t compounded from the extracts Hi
I of buds, bark, berries, gums, m
I ' roots, leaves, plants., etc., ■ in . ■
5 their private laboratory,' with- H
out- cost to their patients. * m
Although it 'is preferable to | B
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St., San Francisco. |
3" f see the patients in many in- I y
' • stances, it is not always neces- 1 H
j sary. If you cannot call, write B
I for private book, diagnosis II
sheets, free advice, prices and I f
other particulars. Correspond-
( ence solicited. All letters conn - i t
dential. No printing on en- I
velopes or packages, to indicate I
1 name of sender. Cures sent by
| | either mall or express.
I ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. Hours B to 5 Daily,
I 7to 8 Evenings. Sundays, 9to 11. :
SDRE.
*|ggwpß|ggßE%3SnßPssSi&&dfcii«*lß!H£li3BßHßiQ^
STATEMENT .
-- -» • ■ -■■— :.-_~t-.
•. : : v> ■%• OF THE "~ » ... • - ••
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that day,
] as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
I State of California, pursuant to the Provisions
i of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
1 condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 1500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $58,432 91
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 301.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,682,591 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market- . ,
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 3,623 70
Cash' ln Banks 97,267 02
Interest due and accrued on all '' • -■• ■^ i
I Stocks and Loans
| Interest due and accrued on Bonds
: and mortgages ' 6,932 (7
j Premiums in due Course of Collec- .
tion 246,726 88
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.... :'
- Total Assets ,$2.3K523 93
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
! Losses in process of Adjustment or
i in Suspense |16,95* W
j Losses resisted. including expenses...
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $84,944 67; rein- . _ '■■■
su ranee 50 per cent 42,497 53
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $2,481,979 71: „,„...
reinsurance pro rata 1.286.706 w
Total Liabilities ..$1.346.187 U>
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums • ♦»«■«*••
Received for interest on Bonds r>d
Mortgages - •••
! Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, an 1 f -oni „
all other sources :•••• »'.'*»»
Received for profit on Securities j
SOld - ');« '>.!
Profit and Loss collected , SI 13
Special Mechanical Services 1|! "' '"
Total income •' $l,rS!>.9W 74
Total Income ;*^.~
• EXPENDITT.TT'.K?.
I Net amount paid for Losses (includ- '
■«°*£y. losses of previous $55.725 72
years) r.... •«n • nnn ivi
! Dividends to Stockholders ............ 60.000 00
i Paid or allowed for Commission ' r
: Brokerage ••• ■;••- -- 0 - 00 -^
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and otl-er ,
• charges for officers, clerks, etc ... 43.504 B
Paid for State. National and lfcal ? _
taxes ' ' ' 32"' 157 i'
Paid for Inspections ■•■• ■_.; p-\i { -
All other payments and expendl.ures^^Ullj^
Total Expenditures ......J......^}^13
| Losses Incurred during the year • ;Jl _2^l£
Risks and Premiums. I Bfa Premiun^/
i Net amount of Rlske | #
I Tea" 611 ...^ ••?•-•• 1i.T28.689 $1.067. 188 M
I Net amount of Risks •
! Y eaT d .. dUrlnK -. • ,114,059.200 1.012.034 30
N^cSr nt 3l.^S^".i/2SO.OOO.^^^!iJ!
■'■ J. M. ALLEN. President.
i j. B. PIERCE. Secretary. * o - th
i Subscribed and sworn to before me this -m
! «ay of January, 1899. / Tf) -
-• »™ xc T t a A : £&«■
MANN & WILSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
306 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. C -__ _____
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD Up! DAMIANA BITT: '".?.
great Mexican remedy; gives £_-_££
1 strength to seiual organs. Depot. 3-* Mar»«*DREYFUS TAKES UP HIS
ABODE AT CARPENTRAS
Although His Presence in the City Soon Became
Known There "Was No Demonstration
of Any Kind.
The Anti-Semitic Trouble in Algiers — Chasseurs
d'Afrique Clearing the Streets of the Rioters Before
the Government House.
CARPENTRAS, Department of Vau
ciuse, France, Sept. 21. — Former Cap
tain Dreyfus arrived here this morn-
Ing and went to the home of M. Vala
brogne, a relative.
Although the arrival of Dreyfus at
the home of Paul Valabrogne, his
brother-in-law, who has been estab
lished as a cloth merchant here for a
quarter of a century, was soon known,
no demonstration occurred. Mme.
Dreyfus is expected here to-night.
While Dreyfus' health does not per
mit of his receiving visitors It is hoped
the climate will restore his strength
during the next few months, which he
is expected to spend here.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— A correspondent
of the Daily Mail who Joined the Drey
fus party at Bordeaux and accom
panied them to Carpentras describes
'us as "thougthful. prematurely
aged, with soft eyes, a smile like a
woman's and rather the appearance of
a savant than a soldiep."
When told of the great wave of Brit
DECORATION OF
CHIVALRY GIVEN
The Highest Step in Odd
» Fellowship Conferred
at Detroit.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, Sept. Before 2000 people
in the Light Guard Armory this after
noon Major J. H. Ellicott of Chicago con
ferred the grand decoration of chivalry,
the highest step in odd Fellowship, upon
nine candidates. Two cantons of .Patri- \
archs Militant assisted in the impressive
ceremonies, which required two hours to
complete. Under an arch of swords the
candidates marched the length of the
armory to where General Ellicott stood,
prepared to give them their oaths. When
the candidates had repeated their obliga-,
tions and, kneeling beside a Bible, had |
eworn to uphold them, a gleaming sword
was laid on the shoulder of each and he j
was presented with the badge of chivalry.
The prize drills of the Patriarchs Mili
tant were held on the Detroit Athletic '
Club field before a large number of spec
tators. Each of the classes Was well
filled, and some remarkably line drilling ;
was seen.
First prizes In the several contests were
warded as follows:
Best military-appearing canton in yes
terday's parade, prize $lw, Lincoln No. 38.
Syracuse. N. Y.
Prize drills, class A, Lincoln No. 38,
Syracuse, N. Y., prize $400.
Class B, COlonel Fenton No. 27, Flint,
Mich., prize $250.
Class C, Newbauer No. 45, Hartford,
Conn., prize $200.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge held its
first afternoon session to-day, and spent j
most of it in discussing ritualistic work. !
The Rebekah lodges' ritual was so
amended as to make married daughters, j
sisters and mothers of Odd Fellows and i
deceased Odd Fellows eligible to member- ;
Ship whether they are married to Odd j
Fellows or otherwise. Heretofore mar- j
riage to a non-Odd Fellow rendered them ;
ineligible. _ _I ' ■ ■
The mileage and per diem committee I
made its report, showing the total ex- I
penses . for the Sovereign Grand Dodge
meeting to be $2€,942. .
A resolution making members of the
five civilized Indian- tribes in Indian Ter
ritory e'igible for membership .was de
feated. , '
CHARGES HALL CAPTURED.
Charged Vith Robbing the Las Vegas ;
Postoffice Last June.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. Charles Z. i
Hall was anested by United States offi- |
cers at'Redoido last night and is now in [
the county jiil here. He is wanted at
Las Vegas, N. Mex., for robbing the post- ,
.ifilce there on June 28 last. He is also.
wanted at Trhtdad, Colo., for the rob-;
bery of a safe from which he secured j
money and diamonds. There are. other
charges against m . . \
He was one or Roosevelt s Rough Rid
ers and served tirough the Cuban cam- \
naien and. attend <} the reunion at Las
Vegas. He is Identified by Postofflce In
spector Waters of Denver, who is now in i
this city. \
YELLOW FEVIR SPREADING.
Twenty-Four New Cases and Two
Deaths R ported.
KEY WEST, Fla., Sept. 21.—Twenty
four new cases of yel->w fever and two
d'-aths is the record fo the past twenty
four hours. _
WASHINGTON, Sept 21.— The marine
hospital service has Pen notified that
■ ■wing to the fever situ* ion in New Or
;«ans a train inspection service is to be
instituted on all roads <jt of the city.
NEW ORLEANS. Sepfi 2L-The Board
of Health reports thrA new cases of
fever and two deaths, liere were two
new cases yesterday.
Jacob Tyson Rekased.
BAN- RAFAEL, Sept. 21>T2i« Jury In |
ish sympathy in his behalf he wrung
the correspondent's hand and showed
the deepest emotion. His health, the
correspondent says, is far from satis
factory. He ate meat yesterday for the
first time.
At present he speaks little of past
events. He says: "I have forgiven, but
I cannot forget." and he intends to de
vote himself to proving his innocence.
When that has been accomplished he
will only ask to be allowed to spend the
remainder of his tiim- with his loved
ones, far from the busy world.
His delight at everything on the
journey was that of a man returning
from the dead to the world he loved.
The affection and solicitude of his
brother are touching to see. His phy
sical weakness causes the deepest ap
prehension to his friends. The Journey
was in the main uneventful, except for
a few expressions of disappointment on
the part of the people who endeavored
to pot a glimpse of him.
ALGIERS. Sept. 21. — In consequence
of the anti-Semite disturbances here
yesterday the Government has estab
lished military patrols, practically
amounting to the proclamation of mar- i
the case of the people against Jacob Ty
son, charged with assaulting a twelve
year-old girl named Stella Dunn in Mil
Valley several months ago, disagreed foi
the second time to-day, after being oui
for hours. The jury stood seven for con
victlon and five for acquittal. Tyson was
discharged from custody.
CHANGE IN APPOINTMENT
OF VOLUNTEER OFFICERS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— The War
Department issued a general order in re
gard to th* examination of officers of the
volunteer army, an important provision
nf which is that vacancies of second
lieutenants are to be filled by promotion
from the rank" of the regiment* In which
they occur. The order, which has b< en
communicated to the commanding offi
cers of all the volunteer regiments, say?:
"Whenever an officer has b^cn given a
fair trial and fails to demonstrate his
fitness to perform the duties of his rank,
he will be. brought beforea board of offi
cers, to be appointed by the general com
manding a separate army, or the
military department in which his regi
ment may be serving, on the recom
mendation of the colonel of the regi
ment. The board will examine into and
report upon the qualification.* of the offi
cer to discharge the dutie.s of his office.
and its report will be forwarded with the
recommendation of the commanding gene
ral, for action by the President.
"Promotions " in the volunteer regi
ments will be made within each regi
ment and by seniority. All vacancies of
Becond lieutenants will be filled from the
ted men of th^ regiment on the rer
"iiimondatlon of 1 1 i- - commanding officer.
"It is suggested thai you organize a
clase of non-commissioned officers In your
rrginvnt in which those eligible may re
ceive instruction that will fit them to per
form the duties of commissioned officers."
LETTERS LOST ON THE
WRECKED MORGAN CITY
WASHINGTON, B«pt. 21.— General Otis
has Informed the War Department that
the six or eight days' mail sent by th^
transport Morgan City was lost in the
wreck of the vessel.
Adjutant General Corbin says that the
War Department will be, able to trace
out all the official mail that was sent to
the Philippines on the Morgan City, but
there may be some difficulty in finding
out what was sent In the way of private
letters to soldiers In the Philimilnes.
LIEUTENANT HOWLAND
WOUNDED AT EL PARDO
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— A cablegram
from General Otis to the War Depart
ment states that Second lieutenant
Harry S. Howland, Twenty-third In
fantry, was severely wounded in the arm
netir El Pardo, Island of Cebu, on
August 23. Private Charles Fisher. Com
pany M, of the same regiment, received a
severe wound in the forearm on August
25.
Soda Fountain Explodes
VAOAVILLE. Sept. 21.— This afternoon
at 2 o'clock, while Karl Kopp was charg
ing' a soda fountain, it exploded, killing Ks
assistant, Karl Qottlobb Andler. Kopp
was not injured, and his boy. who was
standing near by. also escaped. Andler
came to Vaeaville Saturday from the Ba
kers' Home in San Francisco and intended
to leave on the afternoon train to-day.
He was a native of Wurtemberg.
"POLLY" TO BE IN COURT.
Judge Conlan Will Personally Deter- I
mine the Conduct of Mrs.
Alexander's Bird.
Judge Conlan will have an opportunity
this morning of personally judging
whether the complaints against Mrs.
Pauline Alexander's parrot are justified
by the facts. He ordered the parrot to j
be produced In court after he had heard ■
the testimony yesterday of the witnesses
for and against.
E>r. B. C. Bostwick, the complaining ,
witness, testified that the parrot !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
Max Regis as He Appeared
in Prison in Algiers Last
Year.
tial law.
PARIS. Sept. 21.— The Minister of
War, General de Gallifet. has addressed
the following order to the corps com
manders:
The incident is closed. The military
judges, enjoying the respect of all, have
rendered their verdict with complete in
dependence. We all. without harboring
p.fterthouprht. bend to- their decision. We
shall In the same manner accept the ac
tion that a feeling <>f profound pity dic
tated to the President of the republic.
There, can be iu> further question of re
prisals of any kind. Hence. I repeat it.
the Incident is closed. I ask you. and. if
it were necessary, 1 should command you
to forget the past in order that you can
think solely of the future. "With you and
all my comrades 1 proclaim, "Vive
rAnnee," which belongs to no party, but
to France alone. GALLIFET.
The order will be read to the troops
throughout the French army.
M. Guerin, president of the Anti-
Semite League, who surrendered to the
police yesterday morning, was taken
this morning 1 to "Fort Chabrol,'" the
headquarters of the league. The prem
laea were searched by the police. M.
Guerin looking on. A few Guerinites
sathered-and cheered their leader.
"squawked In a frightful manner from
7 o'clock in the morning till 7 at night
and was a source of continual annoyance
to the "neighborhood. He was corroborated
by several witnesses, two of whom were
Mrs. Alexander denied that her parrot
was an annoyance. She said shn never put
it out in her yard till about noon each day
and took it into the house again when the
sun went down. She was fond of birds
and could not understand any one object
ing to the noise made by her parrot. A
neighbor testified that the parrot was not
noisy, but admitted that he kept one
himself. Mrs. Alexander lives at 1 Whites
place.
The Judge said he did not believe in
people being unnecessarily disturbed by
any bird, but before deciding: the case he
wanted the parrot brought into court.
ANOTHER TANGLE IN
THE BATEMANS' AFFAIRS
AUDITOR WELLS WELL MAKE
NO MORE PAYMENTS.
Another entanglement, this one amount
ing to SI2.OCKi 79. has developed in
the already badly complicated affairs of
the new Hall of Justice. During the last
two weeks suits, injunctions and notices
of money due, against the Bateman
Bros., the contractors, have been piling
up on the desks of Auditor Wells and
Chief Clerk Russell of the Board of Su
pervisors, and neither of those officials
is quite clear as to the status of the case
at the present day.
Yesterday the Pacific Rolling Mills
Company sent Attorney W. S. Goodfel
low to the Auditor to notify him to
pay out no moneys to any of the credi
tors of the Katemans until its claim of
$12.000 79 had been satisfied. To back its
notification, Attorney Goodfellow dis
played an assignment made to the com
pany by the Batemans under date of
August 18, 1597, of all moneys due the con
tractors from the city up to the amount
of the contractors' bill with the company
for structural steel at frfa cents per pound.
That assignment apparently gives the
Pacific Rolling Mills first call on all the
cash the Bateman Bros, have coming,
and Auditor Wells will refuse to make
any payments until the matter has been
settled by the courts or by agreement
between the attorneys for the different
parties.
The claim of Cahlll & Hall for $13,400
for elevators, against the payment of
which Batsman Bros, enjoined the Audi
tor, was compromised, and yesterday Mr.
Wells made the first payment due,
amounting to $4500.
. ♦ .
FOR SHOOTING HIS WIFE.
The preliminary examination of James
r. Kelly, weigher for the Pacific Coast
Coal Company, charged with assault to
murder in shooting: and wounding his
wife Florence, was hold before Judge Mo
gan yesterday. After hearing the evi
dence thfi Judge held him to answer be
fore the .Superior Court in $5000 bonds.
It was shown in evidence that about a
years ago Kelly attempted to shoot his
wife while they lived in Alameda. but was
prevented by a neighbor. They separated,
and she went to her parents in Honolulu,
takinjr their child with her. Prior to
August 2<"i, the day of the shooting, Kelly
had Been her after her return two or
three times, demanding the custody of
the child.
He lay in wait for her on August 26,
and as she stepped off the car at Third
and Brannan streets, he rushed up behind
lxr, and placing the revolver against her
"'■'■lf pulled the trigger. It snapped
twice, but the third shot entered her
neck. T. H. Tibbetts the molorman of
the car, jumped off and struck him on the
head with the controller bar, knocking
him out. Dr. Joseph W. Henry of St
Mary's Hospital testified that only prompt
treatment saved Mrs. Kelly's life. The
bullet could not be located.
Kelly is said to be a dangerous man
and about a year ago tried to kill Cap
tain Anderson ofi the Mail dock.
Now is the delightful time of the year
to visit the country. Take a trip on the
I'klah excursion Sunday, September 24,
through Marin, Santa Rosa, Russian
River and Ukiah Valley. Every one guar
anteed a Beat. Round trip $2. Leave
Tiburon ferry at 8:30 a. m. •
ARRIVAL OF THE WIZARD
OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
Signor Marconi Comes to This Country to Su
perintend the Reporting of the Yacht
Races for The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Signor Mar
coni, who comes to this country for the
first time by arrangements with the
Herald and The Call to demonstrate by
actual working the practicability of
wireless telegraphy, arrived on the
Cunard steamer Aurania to-day.
When the passengers began filing:
down the gangway from the Aurania
few of the many who were on the pier
recognized in the youthful — almost
boyish-looking— man the bearer of the
name that has become distinguished in
electrical circles. Signor Marconi looks
like a student, and possesses a peculiar
semi-abstracted air that characterizes
men who devote their days to study
and scientific experiment. He was ac
companied by William Goodbody, one
of the London directors of. the Wireless
Telegraph Company, and' by Charles E.
Rickard, W. W. liradfleld and William
Densham. skilled operators who have
been engaged in experiments in the
English Channel and who will be In
charge of the instruments and send
messages to The Call and Herald dur
ing the yacht race.
On the Aurania also came the appar
atus which will be used, transmitters,
receivers, batteries, etc. — all the apDli
ances of a telegraph outfit with the ex
ception of wires.
Signor Marconi chatted very freely
about what had been done in the devel
opment of wirtless telegraphy and what
he hoped to accomplish in the future.
He was very enthusiastic over the idea
of reporting the yacht races, and his
confidence over the success of the work
is firrfL
"We will be able to send details of the
racing to New York as accurately and
almost as quickly as you could tele
phone them." he said. "The distance
involved is nothing, nor will hills or
buildings interfere with communiica
tion. In our experiments carried on In
England we sent messages over much
greater distances than we will have to
contend with in this case. I have con
ducted many tests from moving vessels
to stationary and moving receiving
points with complete satisfaction.
"The most remarkable, perhaps, were
made during the recent British naval
maneuvers. The Admiralty is very
deeply interested in the subject, and
asked me to install my system on board
three ships of the 'fleet that was en
GAS COMPANY
WILL SHUT OFF
CITY LIGHTS
— • — . . ;
Darkness the Rest of
the Month.
— ♦ —
EIGHT NIGHTS OF GLOOM
. . ♦ -.•.'■.-■' .- "-■:
; NOT MONEY ENOUGH TO PAY
THE LIGHTING BILLS.
Supervisor Perrault Notifies the Com
pany That the Provisions of the
One-Twelfth Act Will Be
Obeyed.
*-
After to-night San Francisco will be in
darkness for the remaining nights of the
; month. Chairman Perrault of the Super
i visors' Finance Committee received notice
to that effect yesterday, after he had sent
to the gas company a communication
setting forth the determination of that
committee to obey the provisions of the
one-twelfth act.
Under the new tax levy, the figures for
which were suggested by Mayor Phelan,
\ adopted by the Supervisors in conformity
| with their pledges to the people to keep
within the dollar limit, the appropriation
for street lighting for the fiscal year
which began July 1 last Is $240,000. The
one-twelfth act provides for an equal
division of every appropriation for each
| month in the year. This would make the
apppropriatlon for street lighting just
$20,000, a month.
In looking over, the bills for street
lighting, Chairman Perrault discovered
I that both in July and August they had
■ exceeded that amount. The bill for July
i was $23,057 78 and that for August $20,
--i 930 33. .He decided at once that it was
; time to notify the gas company that they
should trim their lamps accordingly.
He immediately sent a communication to
President J. B. Crockett of the San Fran
j cisco Gas and Electric Company that that
i company would have to get along this
! month with $16,01 i 89, as the difference
between that amount and the $20,000 that
could be rightfully appropriated for
September under the one-twelfth act was
necessary to pay for the excess of gas
used in July and August.
The receipt of this communication
! caused quite a flurry in the gas company's
! office. A number of men were set at the
task of figuring up the gas bill to date,
and toward evening their work was com
pleted and the figures submitted to Presi
dent Crockett. He found that the con
sumption of gas and electric light for
street purposes 'had, even at this, time in
the month, nearly burned up the sixteen
thousand odd dollars, and he so wrote, In
forming Chairman Perrault, adding that,
under existing conditions, the company
would shut oft' its supply for the present
month after to-night.
The reign of darkness will begin Satur
day night, and for seven nights there
after there will be darkness and fog, in
which, murder and arson can lurk, in
which thugs and crooks of every descrip
tion can operate -.ln safety, defying the
police. It is a state of affairs that has
long been threatened but has never been
really expected in the flourishing city of
San Francisco, so prosperous that it is im
possible just now to secure skilled labor
to do the work of business and manufac
ture on hand. People who go. on the
street after dark for the remaining nights
in September do so at -their own risk. In
the present unsettled condition of the
city, with Its thousands of strangers, the
danger cannot be magnified. It exists on
every hand. * "
■ ♦ »
WILL BE ASKED TO
CLOSE THE NYMPHIA
Chief of Police Lees to Be Visited
by a Delegation of Clergymen
To-Day.
Father Oaraher, Father Redehan, Re\-s.
Drs. Slocum, I'rmy and Wilson will visit
the Chief of Police this mornins: and ap
peal to him to close the Hotel Nymphia.
They will base their request on the ver
dict of guilty found hy a jury in Judge
Gfaham's court against the directors of
the nefarious resort. Should the Chief of
the Police Department refuse to take ac
tion in the matter he will bring down on
his grey head the wrath of the residents
of the North Beach district.
John J. Barrett, who so ably repre
sented the residents of the North Beach
district, is of the opinion that the place
should have been immediately closed by
the police. His opinion is concurred in
by other lawyers and a great deal of sur
prise has been evinced by citizens Inter
gaged in defending the coast of Eng
land. The scouting cruiser Juno and
the flagship Alexandria were two of the
three equipped. I was on board* the
flagship, and during the cruise I did not
get much sleep. Scouts were directed
to report every vessel sighted and send
a description of her, which direction
she was steering and everything about
her. They also reported routine mat
ters to the admiral. Between midnight
and 6 o'clock in the morning we fre
quently transmitted as many as two
hundred messages. Except for these
reports the admiral had no definite idea
where his scouts were, nor would the
scouts have had of the fleet.
"The distance between the two. of
course, varied, but the system worked
well whether it wae short or long.
Prom the scout not a trace of the
smoke from the funnels of the thirty
warships of the fleet could be seen, yet
the instrument down in the stateroom
was clicking out orders from the ad
miral every few minutes.
"Finally the Juno sighted the vessels
she was looking for, and a message con
taining this information was sent by
the operator on board. Eighty miles
distant Sir Compton Domville. on the
Alexandria, received the news, which
enabled him to outmaneuver the
enemy's fleet, bring the convoy in safe
ly and win the mimic naval contest.
"You see, the same conditions which
obtained In these tests will prevail dur
ing the yacht races, with a decrease in
the distance to be covered. We can
follow the racers at full speed, and
messages sent out from the tall Dole
will find their way as swiftly as a flash
of lightning to the pole at the receiving
station. On the sending ship after the
message has been dispatched we would
receive a code word and know that it
was received properly and that it was
accurate. Then we would be ready to
send another message.
"Should the message be unintelligible
to the operator at the receiving instru
ment or should the Morse characters
be confused, instead of receiving the
code word to go ahead on the sending
ship we would get a query on the pre
vious message, which would be re
peated in whole or in part, as the case
might be.
"Another thing we have found out is
that mountains, high buildin.es, steel
masts, etc., do not stop communication.
We were able while in Bantry Bay to
talk with a ship lying many miles from
est<»d in its suppression that Chief Lees
has withheld action.
A mass meeting will be hpld by the cit
izens of the North Beach district on Mon
day evening next. Resolutions will be
passed commending the jury for its
honest and courageous action in declaring
the directors of the infamous place guilty
of the charge brought aealnst them.
Speeches w T lll also be made by the
reverend gentlemen above named.
BOLDEMANN BANQUETED.
Prominent Member of the Foresters
Entertained by His Fellows.
Court El Dorado, Foresters of America,
last evening tendered a complimentary
banquet at a prominent restaurant to A.
C. Bnldemann, one of its members, who
a few days ago returned from Detroit,
where he was a representative from Cali
fornia to the Supreme Court of the order.
There were present about 1-10 members,
more than half of the number being ladies.
After the feast C. H. Peterson, toast-* i
%i f\ once please him well in that f<s
Sf) /^C_^l I \ / respect and you will have 7 ;?S
:| L^| ) his trade henceforth." ':V
ffi W' I y||j'i We are firm believers in %
a\ 1 lln^BF- Jr>'w-nr''' the above ' and we are d °- J?i?
m ''h ilipW in ail that we can to show . ■§§
: ; -:A\ II i I it ; i that we believe what we
If ( sa^ we e^ eve - $M
W? I! L 1 c e^ eve that to please
{/ I J a man we m ust protect 'i 0
|a\ cj^^v /j him by guaranteeing our 0':
M > /^=^^=» V clothin g :-so we brought
P^^C) A^Ji /^ OUt our "Y e argood" make.
IgJ&cd) Uv7r The word "Yeargood" $M
pS means just what it says— :. |^|
|j^ all suits and overcoats are guaranteed for a ?^|
m$- year; by a year's repairing free or money ££i
p£; returned if the customer thinks he. 'is', t£M
fvs entitled to it. 0^
Wj& "Yeargood" clothing comprises. suits and. i'-'\?
p*§ overcoats from $12 £0 to J2J.00 in all cloths Wm
,p| and styles.  ; ; /, . ; ~". |i 3
1;^ Are you particular about your clothes?' v:|
II Boys' Sailor Suits. i
Hvi'^' c have just received a new line of them in i : -?, :
■?;•>£ all-wool heavy serge of dark blue,> neatly trimmed ':■%
Hy; f V ; . . with soutache braid on collar and design on shield '&'•%
K'-Cv;: in red, blue and black ; price £$•'!
1^ : $4.00 a suit. ' 'ig}M\
:|\^ -Vggisji/- TIB MARKET ST N^^/ a : ; : : : 1
fc^i.V Out-of-town orders filled — write us. .. (**•s
ub and separated by a chain of hills
hundreds of feet high. The message i
radiated in all directions and was
caught by the pole on the other shin. ,
Again, a very valuable point is that fog I
does not interfere with wireless tek-- I
graphic messages at all. In fact, at !
times the instruments have appeared to
work better in thick weather. The cur
vature of the earth has also been dis
counted. With a pole sufficiently high,
a message can practically be sent any
distance. There was some talk of mv
attempting to communicate between !
New York and Chicago, but I do not \
think I shall make that experiment. I ;
may, however, try it."
It is interesting to note that Signor
Marconi did not begin his experiments [
until 1895, when he began to erect poles ■
and endeavored to establish communi- :
cation between various parts of his
father's estate near Bologna in Itaiv. '
In 1896 he arrived in England and after
working- in conjunction with W. J.
Preece, then chief electrician of the
British Postoffice, he gave a demon
stration of the capabilities of the sys
tem during the volunteer evolutions on
Salisbury Plain, and also in the British
Channel.
A more ambitious experiment fol
lowed and wireless telegraphy became
a fact and not a theory only.
Captain George O. Squier of the
United States Signal Corps and Leon
ard Wildman of the United States Vol- :
unteer Signal Corps greeted Signor
Marconi upon his arrival. After the
yacht races are over the War and Navy j
departments intend to have Marconi
conduct experiments for them. '
The big steamer Ponce, upon which
Signor Marconi will direct the report
ing of the yacht races, is now at her
pier in Brooklyn. The wireless tele
graph apparatus will be installed in a
few days and tests made before the ,
races to insure perfect working.
On board the Grande Duchesse pre
parations for putting the instruments
and pole in place have been bc-gun un
der the direction of W. J. Clark. When
she arrives from Boston everything
will be in readiness. From both these
fast steamers as they follow the races
wireless telegraphy will flash the story
of the contest, and those on board, after
watching the races and seeing the ac
counts being sent over the wire can
experience again the pleasure and ex- I
citement of the struggle by reading the
accounts.
master, paid a few words of welcome to :
thp guest of the evening and there were
responses to toasts Hoy the supreme repre
sentative. Chief Ranker Henry Maas.
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Hugo K.
Asher, Grand Secretary John J. Cordy.
Grand Treasurer Frank Cnnklln, Grand
Junior Woodward John Heenan and Jacob
T>obel of Court Aurora. Chief Ranger
Maas. on behalf of the court, pre
sented the junior past chief ranger with
an emblematic badge of his rank and a
framed certificate.
Disobeyed the Ordinance.
Dominick Gampi, a scavenger, was ar
rested by Officer H. L. Folsom on Va
lencia street yesterday afternoon for a
violation of the ordinance which pro
vides for all garbage wagons to be
covered over when conveying refusf.
This offense has become prevalent
through .the Mission district, and Cap
tain Gillin has instructed his men to ar- ]
rest all offenders and bring them before I
the courts. Gampi was the first victim j
of the new order issued.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , J j J
[no
: I UNION-
-1 CONSOLIDATED
?.-■■ stock
At Any
The developments in the
r w affairs of this company during
i 1 H the last forty-eight hours have
- |Kj decided the Board of Directors
* | jp to withdraw our stock irom the
,| fc market. Our expert has just re-
ifj turned from the inspection of
H oil properties, which have been
i I I found so valuable that, when
> §j added to the present holdings of
- ji this company, will more than
' [I double the value of our stock.
, g We can now guarantee, to be
- H selling oil in the. San Francisco
i B market inside of ninety days.
:1 PERMANENTLY'
;| I ' WITHDRAWN.
ij I S The first idea was toimme-
' : I diat'ely withdraw the shares
■ ! H without notice, but it was fin-
-3 [ H ally decided, in justice to those
3 j j| who have been in communica-
c r ! H tion with us, to set Saturday,
. | fa September 23d, midnight, as the
i! ra time of withdrawal. Applica-
j ! I tions received up to that time
\ 9 will be filled at S5 per share.
I After that time positively not
' H one share of the Union-Consoli-
-1 fl dated Oil and Transportation
! « Company's stock will be again
• j H offered to the public at anyprice.
\ I Union-Consolidated Oil and
|Ji Transportation Co.,
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
i SAN FRANCISCO.
. ! OAKLAND OFFICE:
j I 460 TENTH STREET.
OFFICES OPEN EVENINGS.
; T '
! STATEMENT
! j OF THE:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN^ FIRE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IX THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
189S, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to ' the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
■ condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
j missioner. ...
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS. *~
Real Estate owned by Company ....
! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $14,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ........ 873,712 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 35,000 00
I Cash in Company's Office -...« • ■ 841 S6
i Cash In Banks 76,652 21
I Interest due and accrued on all •
I Stocks and Loans 4,499 S3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds .
and Mortgages 83 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 140,199 07
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks .........;
Rents due and accrued
Due from ' other Companies for Re-
i insurance on losses already paid.. 270 23
Total Assets $1,245,758 71
LIABILITIES. ;:*
i Losses adjusted and unpaid $23,380 27
! Losses in process of Adjustment or
| In Suspense 34,728 57
Losses resisted, including expenses. 4,988 02
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
■ ning one year or less, $469,471 27;
re-insurance 50 per cent 234,735 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 
ning more than one year, $250,-
-580 72; re-Insurance pro rata 146,415 26
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation .Risks, $ ;
re-Insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; re-insurance 50 "
per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due : 30,783 57
Total Liabilities $477,030 3;
INCOME.' — — -
Net Cash actually received for Firs
premiums j $589,981 51
Net Cash actually received for Ma- :
rine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .. .- .;. * 725 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans,' and from '
i all other sources ..: : ' 88,728 11
Received from all other sources " 126 16
Total Income $629.560 78
EXPENDITURES.
I Net amount - paid for Fire Losses
(Including $30,006 50 losses. of pre-
i vious years) $330,936 05
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $- : , losses of
previous years) '
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 128,722 69
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for -officers, clerks, etc.... 53,111 74
Paid for State, National and local ■ ' •
taxes • 19,955 69
All other payments and expenditures ; 40,105 18
.... ■ ■ - - - . •
Total Expenditures $572. 35
. Fire. '
Losses Incurred during the year 352.577 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. '■ Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written -during the \
year $136*355.995 $353.500 57
Net amount of Risks /
expired during the
year ................... 121,926,167 835,674 43
Net amount in force - . ■
December 31, 1898.... 105,402,434 720,051
GEO. S. A. YOUNG, President.
WALTER S. ALLEY, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of February, 1899. GEO. H. COREY. ■■
Commissioner for California in New York.
L. B. EDWARDS, Manager,
823 CALIFORNIA STREET, -^ I
, SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
\
34
! 2lrest.
4-
MAXWELL
TWEEDIE MILL
WAS A FAKE
Los Angeles Lad Wins, but
All Bets Are De
clared Off.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 21.— Lovers of ring
fighting were rudely shocked to-nignt
when Cocker Tweedle, the Australian,
was knocked out by Sammy Maxwell of
Los Angeles in the opening of the second
round. The audience, that only partly
. Hied the Avon Theater, cried "Fake!"
and so It looked to a large number.
Charley Oliver, one of the club man-
agers, was referee, and declared all beta
off on the ground that it was a fake.
[*weedie had his right hand up to his face
guarding when Maxwell got in a right
hook on the chin and the Australian went
down', but did rot fall as limply as "th«
experts thought he should. When helped
to his corner he seemed dazed a bit, but j
with the exception of the San Francisco
fellows; who were backing Maxwell as j
one of their own, the decision was ac
cepted as right. Oliver' afterward an
nounced that the club would not pay
either end of the purse, and stuck to his
decision declaring bets Off.
Tim MeGrath, who trained Sharkey,
was second for Tweedie. and made pub
lic announcement thai if it was a fake he
did not know it. and regretted that he
came here, how. The affair has ex
cited sportdotn. but the majority who
paid for admission agree that it was a
fake.
The prelim inary was between Ben Max
well of Stockton and another colored man
from San Francisco named Henry Lewis.
The fight was easily won by the former.
THE ORIOLES TAKE
A DOUBLE-HEADER
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. 1. Pet.1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...-S9 40 .69<> Chicago 68 64 .016
Philadelpha 84 60 .627 Louisville ...65 7" .1S1
Boston SI 51 .613 Pittsburg ...63 .1 .4.(1
Baltimore ...73 '53 .598 New \'ork • •'>< « .415
Ft Louis 77 59 .566 Washington 49 84 .367
Cincinnati ..74 61 .54S Cleveland .:.20 I— .141
BALTIMORE, Sept. 21.- Baltimore played
a double header to-day with Cleveland an.i won
them both. lines' muff •<' an easy fly in the
ninth inning of the first contest made two ex
tra innings necessary. Two singles and a sac
rifice allowed Baltimore to score the winning
run in the eleventh inning. Harper was un
steady in the second came, while MeGinety
was effective. Attendance 13G9. Scores:
First game:
Clubs- R- H. E.
R- ft E;
Cleveland • J ]-. }
Baltimore * 5 14 1
Batteries— Kneppor and Sugden; Howell, Mc-
Ginety and Robinson. Umpire— Snyder.
Second me:
Clubs- '" ' ' R. H. E
Cleveland J * J
Baltimore 4 6 0
Batteries -Harper and Sugden; McGlnety and
Smith. Umpire— Snyder.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— The Colonels re-
WASHINGTON, Sept. SI. The Colonels re
pented yesterday's performance to-day and won
the double header. Sharp fielding at critical
times gave the visitors the first game. The
si cond game was In doubt up to the sixth
inning, when Flaherty cleared the bases with ,i
two-bagger. Scores:
First game:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Clul R- H. E.
Washington • 3 9 *
Louisville 4 9 3
Batteries-Evans and Klttredge; Philippl and
Zimmer Umpires— Dwyei and Brown.
■air:
Second game:
Clubs- " R. H. E.
Washington 4 8 4
Louisville 6 8 4
Batteries— Fifield and Powers; Flaherty and
dimmer. Umpires— Dwyer and Brown.
'PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21.— Inability to hit
llahn was the cause of the Phillies' defeat to
day. An error by Beckley In the ninth gave
the locals a chance to tie the score, but
Goeckel, who batted for Bernhardt, was not
equal to the occasion. Elberfleld was injured
in the fifth; which brought McPhee into the
garni Attendance 1596. Score:
R. II. E.
Philadelphia * Hi E3
Cincinnati 5 12 l
Batteries Don— Bernhardt and" McFar
land; Halm and Pelt2. Umpires— 6 wart Wood
and Hunt.
_ __^_
NEW YORK. Sept 21.— The Brooklyn-S_t.
NEW rORK, Bept 21.— The Brooklyn-S_t.
Louis game was postpohed on account of wet
grounds.
BOSTON. Sept. 21.— Boston-Chicago game was
BOSTON, Sort. 2L— Bostoa-<_dcaco nam* was
postponed on account of rain.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 21.— I'iushurg-New York
game postponed on account of rain.
Netherlands Club Wilhelmina
The first anniversary of the Nether
lands Club "Wilhelmina," was celebrated
last Wednesday by a reception held at
the residence if D. C. Henny, Alameda.
In the afternoon the guests went to
SYuitvaJe in a special train, where dinner
was served and an entertainment given
Which lasted until 11 o'clock.
The club .was organized last year on
the occasion of the coronation of the
young Queen of the Netherlands, and ad
mits as members natives of Holland and
their descendants only. The officers for
the ensuing year are A. F. Groh, presi
dent; M. C. Vandercamp, vice-president;
G. Crans. secretary, and i.. C. Cuspins,
treasurer.' •" ? ■■•';
Dependable Drugs
Medicine
Mail
Orders
Drug and medicine mail orders* re-
ceive immediate attention.
Filled with best goods— carefully
packed, promptly shipped by quick-
est route.
Same prices by mail as over the
counter.
Mexican Mustang Liniment 20c
Kirk's Condition Powders. 25c
Berg's Dog Remedies— each 40c
Cuticura Salve . 40c
Williams' Pink Pills . 40c
Glauber's Salts— pound 10c
XXX Horse Liniment 40c
Hood's Sarsaparilla . 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 75c
Baker's. Sarsaparilla 75c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Pozzoni's Face Powder .- 35c
Carter's' Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
J.'vyfft. 1120 MARKET ST., S.F.
(t»i«k n*««J TtL. South 358
10th 4. BHBAOW«y (Til. Mom OAKLAND
Sporting Svents from All Over the World.
SHAMROCK'S
OWNER WAS
NERVOUS
Because of a Rain the Yacht
Did Not Go Out
for a Spin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Sir Thomas
Lipton is not availing himself of every
chance to test the Shamrock. She has
not been here since August 17. and dur
ing that time has had but nine trials at
sea, and even of this small number, only
four can be considered as fair tests.
There was an opportunity to-day when,
if she had sought the open, she could
have searched out any latent weakness
of spar or rigging. An eighteen- knot
breeze was smothering the sea with
white caps, and while not too heavy, the
wind was strong enough to have offered
an excellent test of strength. * ~
That the Shamm. k !a not without her
weaknesses w:.> -'. iwn a few days
when her metal ga.fl gave way in a
moderate wind. A wind such as waa
blowing yesterday might have carried
something else away, ami just that sort
of wind may be about when the races
r the <up are on. Some I - things
wen pointed oui to Sir Thomas on hoard
his yacht Krin. He listened with deep
attention, and showed a bit ■ f n tvous
when it was recalled to him that
lolumbla had been given upward of
forty trials in all sorts .if weather, and
that those who are to sail the cup de
fender have been made by this practice
thoroughly familiar with the craft. Evi
dently realizing that »v""i time was being
lost, Sir Thomas sent a message to -Mr.
Fife, who was on board the anchored
Shamrock.
"The Shamrock will not go out to-day,"
was the reply thai <:uu<- back. Ii was
understood that th* reason for not going
out was because of the rain, which
would have wet the sails and might have
stretched them out of lit. But the Sham
rock has several suits
BRISTOL, R. 1., Sept. 21. -The Columbia
left for a sail down the bay this after
ii".>n. going out under main sail, j 1 1 > and
club topsails. She sailed down toward
Newport and on her way met jhe He
fender coming up. lmmediatelv the
yachts started in for a brush, racing up
the coast for a distance of five and three
quarters miles. Although pushed hard,
the Defender was over a half mile behind
at the end of the run. The sailing was
all to the windward. !:.i;:. caused a sud
den termination of the race.
'!'!:.■ Columbia took off her head sails
and stowed them, taking in her mainsail
quickly t.. prepare f,.r tile tow in hv the
••ami r St. Michael. '
The mainsail used to-day was not the
.>>■'! yesterday or the day be
rore, but anoibei ol th< many big pieces
ivas which were on for a test of
fitness. There are thirty-six mainsails to
Be from and the Columbia's man
ager wishes to pick out the best for the
l'ig race. All these sails, it Is estimated,
are worth about 160,009. The mainsail in
use to-daj was lighter than yesterday's,
which has been taken apart at the Her
reshofl sail loft. There has been some
misunderstanding nbout the Columbia's
nia^t. She did not put in here to-day, so
that the new steel mast could not be
s;.-pp,-,i. She will continue to sail with
tin- old. -steel mast which was broken and
repaired, until it is proved U)at a new
spar is needed. The Columbia put In
naher to pet the benefit of Nat
H.rreshoft's experience in tuning up. She
will remain here until Monday and will
go out every day. except to-morrow,
when Mr. Iselin will nil to Provideix -•
on the steamer St. Michael. On Monday
the boats will proceed to .N,-w Rochelle
where the last work before the big race
will be tarried on.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— The British
steam yachts the first of the fleet of
pleasure craft that the international
yachts are expected to bring her.' ar
rived to-day. They are the White Ladye
arid the Krl King. On the lattei
A. J. Maxham, her present owner, and
his family of eight persons. The yacht
has been cruising in southern waters and
came here especially for the yacht r
At their conclusion Mr. Maxham < xpects
to leave for a cruise around Cape Horn.
The White Ladye's owner, J. Lawrence
Johnson, is not here at present, but is
coming over on 'the Teutonic later. The
Whit-. Ladye, which was once owned by
Mrs. Langtry, was here in 1883, in which
year she was leased by the late Ogden
Ooelet.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL
SCHEDULE FIXED
Two Years' Contract Entered Into for
the Use of the Folsoni-Street
Grounds.
PALO ALTO, Sept. 21.— Football Man
ager Berry returned from Ban Franc-ipoo
this evening, bringing with him Trainer
Murphy of Pennsylvania, While in the
city Berry and Manager Muma of Berke
ley closed a contract with the Mechanics'
Institute people for the .'ease of the Fol
som-street grounds for two years. Th
schedule of games was also arranged and
is as follows:
September 30, Berkeley campus; October
7, Stanford, San Francisco; October 14,
Berkeley, San Francisco; October 21, Stan
ford, San Francisco; October 28, freshman
Intercollegiate, San Francisco; November
4. Stanford, San Francisco; November 7.
Stanford, campus; November 11, Berkeley,
San Francisco; November IS, Stanford,
San Francisco.
Stanford, will also play a series of prac
tice games with the University of Nevada
and the League of the Cross Cadets.
The freshma.n practice games have not
yet been scheduled. Besides Coach Cham
berlin, Cotton, who is taking law work,
will assist in coaching, as will also Fick
ert. Lowers, Jack Reynolds and Tommy
Code. •
■ ♦ ■
ALLISON'S GROUSE CASE.
Game Commissioners Angry Oye,r a
Misrepresentation of Facts.
The Fish and Game Commissioners are
very much annoyed at the published mis
representation concerning the dismissal of
the case of D. E. Allison, who was arrest
ed for violating the game law by having
grouse ir. his possession out of season.
The statement complained .of .was that
L. M. .Lewi*, curator of the Academy of
Sciences, had testified that the birds were
not gTOUse,'. but sagehens. It is well
known that the sagehen is of the grouse
family, the same as a carrier pigeon is a
member of the pigeon family. Scientist
Lewis testified that the birds, offered as
evidence of the offense were grouse, no
matter what hunters called them.
The dismissal of the commission mer
chant, Allison, was made by Police Judge
Graham on the ground that the Accused
did not know the 'difference between
grouse and sagehens, buying the game for
the latter, and that there was an ab
sence of intent to do evil. The Game
Commissioners take the stand that ignor
ance of the law is no' excuse for the of
fense, '■
An Amateur Strong Man.
Conrad Klaro, an amateur strong man,
j pave a private exhlhftion of his ability
! last nlsht. He Is a jeweler by occupa
tion and weighs only 129 Vi pounds. In
spite of this he performs wonderful feats
with the weights. He lifted 802 pounds
last night without harness, and also lifted
214 pounds with one finger. He toyed with
Immense dumbbells us though he "were the
strong man of the rirous.
Schuetzen Club Prizes Distributed.
The prizes won by the lucky contestants
at the fall shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club were delivered last night
at a Jollification session of the organiza
tion held at Elntracht Hall, Twelfth and
Folsom streets. The trophies consisted of
i silverware, costly household ornann nt;
--j drinkables, smokeables and most every
thing else In that line. Th^re were eighty
six prizes for the honorary class, which
shot the first day of the contest. The
first choice went to D. B. Faktor. For the
members' Ehoot fifty-nine prizes were of
fered, and first choice 1 was divided ba
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
KELLY BRIGGS, 2:10 1-2, the Sensational Pacer.
THIS four-year-old prm of Bayswater Wilkes is one of the greatest green products cf the trotting track that ever
tramped over the California circuit. He "went to the races" for the first time during the recent meet of the Pacific
Coast Trotting-horse Breeders' Association, held at Santa Rosa, and in his first heat made the mark he now holds.
Tin- bay horse won again easily at Sacramento, but in the 2:15 pace at Stockton on Tuesday met defeat in a long
drawn out contest. It was undoubtedly due to lack of condition. His performance of 2:101 a the first time out is an almost
unheard of feat and stamps him as one of the best horses developed on this coast.
tween William GHndemann and T,. rten
(lcl both of whom had a score Of 71
points. A. Strecker won the prize for the
greatest number of points made during
oci his record being 515. The king
pri7.< went to I>. VV. McLfiMghlin. The
. a were distributed by Philo Jacoby,
president of th>* Schuetzen Club, after
which the members and th^ir guests en
joyed 'i social dance and indulged in a
g-en era! k 1 ""! time.
PETER JACKSON IS
ILL IN VICTORIA
Famous Colored Pugilist Taken to
the Jubilee Hospital Suffering
With Pneumonia.
VICTORIA. B. c., Bept SL— Peter Jack
son, the famous has-been champion, was
tnk'-n to the. Jubilee Hospital last even-
Ing, on an order of his medical attendant.
for treatment for pneumonia. Ho has
been a very sick man for some time past,
since shortly after his advent in British
Columbia and his exhibitions with Jef
fords, and his condition now is sufficiently
, ■■ ;r^ t.i alarm all interested in him. He
arrived from the mainland only last night.
OCEAN VIEW HANDICAP.
But Two Horses Enter and Bush
Comes in First.
NEW YoRK, Sept. 21.— The smallest
crowd of the season went down to
Gravesend race track to-day, the weather
keeping all but the regulars at home. It
cleared by the time the ttrst race was
run and although the track was sloppy a
good day's sport was had. The only
stake .in the card was the Ocean View
handicap and only two horses accepted
the conditions. Hush was the favorite at
7 to 10, while King Barleycorn was held
at 6 to 5. Rush took the track at the first
turn and was never headed, winning
easily by half a length, which might have
been four lengths. Results:
Ibout six Mirl 'ings— lsidor won. Lady Lind
sey second, Lambert third. Time. 1:13.
Handicap steeplechase, two miles— Vanshtp
w..n Marschan second, Baby Bill third. Time,
4:10 3-5.
Five furlongs, selling— <">lea won. Belle of
Orleans second, Kamara third. Time. 1:02 2-5.
The O~ean View handicap, one mile and a
sixteenth Rush won. King Barleycorn sec
ond. Time, tiSO 1-5.
< me mile and a sixteenth— Arnncos won. For-
Ktt Not Becond, Donald Bain third. Time,
1:51 3-:..
Five and a half furlongs— Herbert won.
Waring second, Hammock third. Time, 1:08 4-5.
BUFFALO. Sept. 21.— Get away day at Fort
Erie saw clear skies but a very heavy .track.
through which the horses struggled in very
slow time. The best race of the afternoon
was that of Lightning Express, who got off
poorly but overhauled the leaders as if they
were tied. The tip on the winner was sent
throughout the country. Kesults:
Six furlong?— Lightning Express won, Menu
second. Triune third. Time, 1:27.
Four and a half furlongs— lda Fordham won,
Avatar second. Hie Away third. Time, 1:03%.
One mile— Arquebus won, Alice Farley sec
ond. Branch third. Time, 1:55%.
Five furlongs— Vohlcer won, Fharoah second,
Little Veronica third. Time, 1:12%.
One and an eighth miles, selling:— Acrobat
won Kathle May second, Bell launch third.
Time. 2:1211. ■'•' ■- 7.' : -
Five and a half furlongs, Felling— Aquinas
won, George Kratz second, Also Ran II third.
Time, 1:17.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21. — Harlem results:
Weather clear, track heavy.
Six furlongs— Myrtle Gebaur won, Antoinette
second, Kitty Q third. Time, 1:22*.
One mile and 100 yards — Rollins won, Long
Dandy second. Cuirassier third. Time, 1:59%.
Seven furlongs— Ledford won, Tulla
Fonso second, Alcraretta third. ! Time, l:35Vi
One mile and 100. yards, selling— Blue Lick
won, Lillian Reed second, Uhlena third. Time,
1:58.
■ Five furlonßS — Avenstoke won. Ram Fullen
second. , Quasie Fay third, Tim«. I:OSH
' Seven' furlongs, selling— Plnnr del Rio won,
Morea second, Marsella. third. Time, 1:36.
Sloan's Mount Unplaced.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— At the Manchester
September meeting to-day the De Traf
fnnl handicap oi" 500 sovereigns for 3-yfar
,,l(]s :ntil upward -whs won by Scrivener.
Red Queen, ridden by Tod Sloan, was un
placed Ten horsefl ran one mile and a
half. The hotting was 3 to 1 against Red
Queen. _______^^__
HUNT, THE DOUBLE MURDERER.
He Is Held to Answer Before the
I Superior. Court •on the Elliott
Charge Without Ball. V;
The preliminary examination of Robert
L. Hunt, the degenerate, charged with
the murders of George Elliott and E. R.
Knlppenberg ir^ the Young America
saloon, Steua'rt and Howard streets, on
September 9, was held before Judge Mo
gan yesterday. The testimony In V both
cases was the same. Hunt was defended
by Attorney Archie Campbell. ■-
" The evidence of Herman Dlercks. the
bartender, Louis Dennert, foreman for
the Simpson Lumber Company, and others
showed that Hunt entered the. saloon
and fired three shots at Elliott, and while
Elliott was prostrate on the floor,
he fired another shot at him. Elliott
died almost Instantly. One of the bullets
struck Knlppenberg, who lingered- for
some days.- Hunt admitted to Policeman
Castor, who arrested him. that :he .shot
Elliott In cold blood, and was prepared
to swing fox it, but that he did not mean
to shoot Knlppenberg.
The Knippenberg case could not be con
cluded without Dr.. Zabaia's testimony,
and it was continued till to-day, but i Hunt
was held for the Elliott murder without
ball, •
FLEET DOGS
TO RUN AT
INGLESIDE
Great Greyhounds Among the
Ninety-Six Entered for
the Open Stake.
The stake at Tngleside Coursing Park
this week is one of the best of the year,
embracing among the ninety-six dogs en
tered many of the best on the coast. The
total prize money is $545, divided as fol
lows: To the winner, $110; runner-up. $7,0;
third, $50; three at $35 each, six at $25,
twelve at . $15 and twenty-four at $7 50.
The dogs will meet in the preliminary
round as follows: ....
Open stake. 9« dog*— T. •• '.'- Melnerney's
Johnny R vs. F. C. Mack's Delia M; E. Bau
m«-l.«ter's Warrior vb. H. Allen's Miss Lewis:
Curtis & Son's Cavalier vs. E. M. Kellogg's
Hummer; T. J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill vs.
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Lady Herfchel vs. J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen; D. J. Healey's Amarosa vs.
Kay & Train's Hawker; J. Dean's Belle of
Anderson vs. J. I. O'Brien's Statesman; Con
nell Bros.' Senorlta vs. R. C. Julian's Signal;
T. J. Mclnemey's Tommy Rex vs. P. C.
l!lak*-'r- Fedora; Handy & Smith's Twin City
Girl vs. T. Kelly's Wild wood; James Byrne' a
Nellie B vs. D. J. H«iley's Rusty Gold: T.
Co., ivy's Green Hall vs.' K. M Kellogg's Lady
Gllmore; T. J. Cronln'a Rose of Tralee. vs.
Moran * o'N>ill's Nelly. H; :H, A. Deekelman's
Flyaway vs. K. M. Kellogg s lowa Maid:
Curtis & Ron's McKlnley. vs. P. Shannon's
Safeguard; H. Allen Cyclone vs. John. Char!-,
ton's Dolly VarJen; A. Ohmeyer's Fair Rosa
lind vs. .1. Dean's Moondyne II; J. Mooney'h
Silent Treasure vs. Curtis & Son's Ca«h; M.
TRAINER OF STANFORD
FOOTBALL TEAM ARRIVES
WILLIAM MURPHY, Who Will "Condition" the Eleven, »
WILLIAM MURPHY, chief trainer of the Stanford football team, a r- 0
rived from the East yesterday. -He went to the scene of action, ♦
the Palo Alto football field, a few hours afterward. He will prepare V
the Cardinal gridiron athletes for their pigskin battles of this sea- X
son. ;-" ; , '■"'.- ■: : ' 1 . ' ■/. 'f :..":.■■'''■ ■ ■■■ <&
William Murphy Is a graduate of Tale of the class of 1893. For the last Q
two years he has been the head baseball coach and trainer of , the University <?
of Pennsylvania. His brother . is the famous "Mike" Murphy, now with the V
Quakers, but many years preceding the. physical 1 culture dictator of Yale *
athletic teams. The present Stanford trainer is well known to the Eastern <§>
athletes, and has made a reputation which has placed him well in the fore- <§>
ground of trainers. . : .' ■ ;■' , ' ■'.'■■.- - . • • ■ ■ -t-i.'.- V
. The Stanford management realized the necessity of having a good trainer £
last year, when their team was in a crippled condition within a few days of <&
the intercollegiate game. Murphy will take up the work of training to-day. 6
He will have charge of the training table as far as the direction of what the §>
team shall eat and' drink is concerned. Professional rubbers will work un- V
der.his direction and all that appertains to the physical welfare of the Car- %
dinal athletes will be referred to the new trainer. "I shall have to, see my men <§>
first," said Murphy yesterday, "before outlining a system of training. I am #
not of the old school, where all is abstention and restraint, yet I do not believe <$>
in any laxity when the team once begins its season's work." , «
Nolan's Pee the Rake vs. J. Byrne's Eleven
Spot; E. Coffin's Mountain Boy vs. Connell
Bros." Master Morse; George Lahnsen's Fire
ball vs. R. P. Julian's Sweet Music; Connell
Bros. 1 St. Helen vs. E. D. FaJ lon's Lily of the
West; A Johnson's Bald KaclP 'v?. T. D.
Atkins' Merry Monarch; D. Crontn's Swlnner
ton vs. Selbeln & Daly's Lady Oswald; T. J.
' Melnerney's Norah v«. Sf-lbein & Daly's
Gypsy; F. Douce's Sarcastic vs. Lowe &
Thomuson's St. Oran; C. Peach's Lady Peach
vs. Handy & Smith's Victor; L. Wlggtn's
Dexter P. vs. C. E. Wiley's Gaslight: Larky A:
Rock's Van Needa vs. T. .1. Mclnemey's
| Regina R; W. H. Shear's Fury vs. R. Jar
j dine' a Young- Locliinvar; J. Jones' Gallivant
j vs. F. C. Mack's, Black Pan;; Shafer &
1 Powers' Matchless vs. D. J. Healey's Maggie
X; tJ. .lone*' Moonlight vs. T. J. Cronln's
Thornhlll; T. J. Cronln's Arab vs. T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Empress; Lowe & Thompson's Flora
McDonald vs. D. Dillon's Castle Island Boy;
J. Sheridan's Forest King vs. Seibein & Daly's
Shylock Boy: Moran A O'Neill's Irene H vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Snapshot; T. Oooney'fl Mod
! esty vs. J. Hurley's Star of Cuba; D. Shan-
I non's Soubrette vs. P. M. Clarkson's Black
' hawk; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. H. A.
Deckelmnn's Glen Chloe.; Handy & Smith's
Free and Easy vs. George Burfelnd's Pastime;
J. J. Banner's Flora 7. vs. T. A. Fanning'?
1 Babe .Murphy; W. Aiken c MeJba ,vs. ,W. C.
■ ftlasso'n's "Joy Bells; ' Connell' Bros.' Mamy 1
t Pleasant vs. J. Hurley's. , Lucretia Borgia;
Curtis '&' Son's. Commodore vs. Courtney &
Hore's Douglas; ! J. Hurley's O X Capitol vs.
i .1. Dean's Connemara; F. Brown's Sweet Brier
vs. M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines; Larky &
I Rock's Liberty Bell vs. Russell, Allen & Wil
| son's Miss Penman.
Illegal Fishers Caught
Word was received at the office of the
Fish and Game Commission yesterday
that Deputy Cross had captured two men
near Vallejo for catching undersized
striped bass. Although the bay is full of
fish of this kind welching over three
pounds, the minimum weig-ht. still the up
river fishermen persist in taking fish un
der size. Tons of these food fish have been,
confiscated this season, but the fishers
take chancos, well knowing 1 that to be
caught means punishment amounting to
more than the value of the fish.
McFARLANE,
WELL PLAYED,
LEFT AT POST
Many Inclined to Blame
Jockey Tullett for Not
Getting Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 2K— A card of five
running races and a trot brought out the
best crowd up to. date at the Stockton
Fair this afternoon. The grand stand
was filled and the lawn was.jammed with
people when the second heat of the trot
was called. The public was hungry for
running races and the people were given
some good sport but little chance of win
ning any money. Four out of five favor
ites, on which 2 to 3, 1 to 3. 1 to 4 and 1
to 5 were given by the syndicate book,
were returned winners, and as few put
down a bet on the successful horses at
such odds the bookmakers quit with
about all of the money. ?>:'■'■•'..
There was a big roar because the
heavily played second choice, McFarlane,
was left at the post in the mile handicap
and many are not chary about asserting
that it was Tullett' fault, as he appeared
to make no effort to get the bay away.
An assistant lashed the horse, but the
boy held him so he could not even take
after the flying bunch. He turned him
around and came back to the start.
Hank was made favorite in the first
heat of the 2:13 trot, but Fanadma. won
so handily she was banked on for the
second and final trial and took .it in a
drive from Azalia. Tres Jolie and Ojai
v romped home in the two half-mile dashes,
while Alaria won the six-furlong event
under a double wrap. Twinkle Twink
took the mile handicap, after McFarlane
cut out of it, in very fast time for a
trotting track, 1:41%. Summaries:
Trotting— 2:lß class; two in three; purse $300.
Fanadma. Eros-Unknown (Berry) 1 1
Azalia (Mizner) - %
Hank (Edge) ° \
Parks (Crowley) * *
McXalty (Hoy) ? ?
Sue (Clark) ••••^^V^" ' 6 6
Time-2:23, 2:20.
Running— Maiden two-year-olds; purse $100;
Tres JoMß.True Briton-Marguerite (Tullett).. 1
Follgno (Macklin) • *
B Time- Tanoka! ' Gross' and " Delia M* also
ran.
• Running-All ages: purse $100; four furlongs.
OJal, Sid-Dottle Dimple (Duffy) 1
Isabelle (Sullivan) -
I T I ml-:lI Ul^ie"o;--StVomo.---The--MVHer.
Slydell and Soledad also ran.
Running-Selling; purse $125; six furlongs.
Alarm Imp. Watercress-Alary (Frawlej).... 1
Major Cook (Tullett) - \
Castellar (lieary) a
Time— l:l4.
Running— Three-year-olds acd upward; purse
$ir>u; one mile. Imp! Brutus-N'abette (Mack-
Twinkle Twink, Imp. Brutus-Nabette (Mack
lin) • },
Stromo (Frawley) • -
Sea Spray 0 Tenrica'aiid Hi'mera also ran.
Time— l":«\. Tenrica and Himera also ran.
McFarlane left at the post.
FOUNDER'S DAY AT
THE LICK SCHOOL
IT IS OBSERVED WITH APPRO
PRIATE EXERCISES.
Irving M. Scott Makes a Short Ad
dress—Wilmerding School Will
Be Opened January 1.
Yesterday was founder's day at the
Lick School of Mechanical Arts, and the
occasion was celebrated in a manner that
would have met with the hearty approval
of the generous but practical philanthro
pist responsible for the existence of the
Institution had he been alive and present.
The exercises were exceedingly brief and
simple.
At 10 a. m. the regents' committee of the
Wllmerding School, consisting of E. A.
Denicke, Albert Miller and A. S. Hallidle
the latter being also a member of the
Lick board), made a thorough inspection
of th^ school. The board was accompa
nied on its rounds of the institution by
President Horace Davis, Secretary James
S. Bunnell. Trustee John O. Earl Princi
pal George A. Merrill of the Lick school.
Manager Schwartz of the Wilmerding
School and Irving M. Scott. Every pupil
was at his or her desk, bench, forge or
lathe and the visitors were given an ex
cellent opportunity to form a compre
hensive idea of the practical working of
the school.
As the visiting officials left the work
shops a blast of the whistle summoned
the pupils from their work, and they as
sembled in the lecture room, where the
formal exercises were to be held. Pres
ident Davis introduced I. M. Scott, and in
doing so paid the latter a neat tribute,
based on the marvelous performance of
that wonderful batth-ship. the Oregon.
Mr. Scott spoke briefly and earnestly. He
said the credit which had been earned by
the Oregon wa* due to the fact that the
men who built the ship had not only lived
up to their contract but had taken
a personal pride in their work, and
the praise was therefore due to them.
Mr Scott told of his first meeting with
James Lick. He found him eating his
frugal lunch, seated at the end of his
workbench in his shop at Alviso, the same
bench that is now one of the cherished
possessions of the school. The speaker
urged the pupils to emulate the example
of the life of their benefactor. This con
cluded the exercises, and the pupils re
turned at once to their work and studies.
Mr. Scott was enthusiastic over the
work of the youthful cabinet and pattern
makers, and told Foreman Dewitt that he
wanted two of the young men at the
Union Iron Works immediately.
The regents' committee of the Wilmerd
ing School held a short meeting in the
Lick School during the afternoon and de
cided to open the school on the ftr-st of
the coming year. The following list
of instructors submitted by Manager
Schwartz will be recommended for ap
pointment at the next meeting of the
board of regents: Wood carving, Daniel
M. Biggs; cabinet making, James A. Lin
dervllle; blacksmithing, Louis Llndeburg;
algebra, physics, etc., Arthur W. Gray,
assistant professor of physics at the
University of California; art work,
clay modeling, etc., Felix Peano of
the Lick School. The first two named
are foremen in the Davenport Brass
Works In East Cambridge, Mass.,
and had charge of the interior work in
the 11.000,000 Vanderbilt mansion in New
York. Mr. Schwartz says there will be
accommodations for 150 pupils when the
school opens, and 250 later on. The Wil
merding School will be devoted to the
teaching of the building trades, while the
Lick School will continue to turn out
machinists, etc.
Friends of Animals.
The regular monthly meeting of the
trustees of the San Francisco Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was
held yesterday. The following is a synop
sis of Secretary' C. B. Holbrook's report:
Number of cases reported, 253; investigat
ed, 251; prosecuted, 16; animals taken from
work, 198; animals involved, 783; relieved,
284; sick and disabled animals killed, 21.
The society has finished a house on its
property, Animals' Hume, Sixteenth and
Alabama streets, in which to keep the
ambulance for the removal of disabled
animals. Members of the society owning
animals can have theirs moved free of
charge.
Verein Concordia.
The Verein Concordia has elected the
following named aa Its officers for the
current term:
President. Paul Raih; vice resident, Albert
Elllser: recording secretary, Herbert Jaeger"
financial secretary. Herman J. Axt: treasurer'
Edward Wtede: doorkeeper. Herman Halnke'
trustee for the unexptred term, Theodore
Helncke: social committee. John Langmack
1014 ' H - Herman Klauenber*
WiUUun, Krabbeoboft.
Sast
CORRIGAN IS
COUNTED OUT
AT CHICAGO
The California Jockey Club
Will Not Be Numbered
With the "Outlaws."
While big Ed Corrignn snarl? and growls
; like an enraged beast at bay, the om-e
\ mighty Western empire over which be
i formerly ruled with an iron hand ;.
--j rent asunder. Baffled in his attempt to
j corner the California racing same, he
i sought to play a trump card and have his
! most formidable rival, the Cali:
; Jockey Club, outlaw. d. through the me
! dium of the American Turf Congress, of
which be la a member"*. This latter or
ganization is mm nosed of many of
the representative turfrren of the
Middle Western and Southern States,
among them betng Joseph A.
Murphy, Ed Hopper. Chnrles F. Price
and Captain J. H. Rees, all well
! known to [oca! followers of the turf. Cor
rigan undoubtedly congratulated himself
that he would be "right at home." and
attended fully prepared to twist the lion's
tail until he was good.
At the close of the meeting yesterday
Thomas If. Wiiiiiims Jr.. president of the
Oakland association, was in receipt of a
telegram which stated that a motion had
been made before the members in session
M tp OUtiaw all Western tracks which com
menced winter racing before Novembi r
15." The motion, however, was tabled, so
the telegram said, and a committee ap-
I pointed <o v'sit California and confer with
Air. Williams, with the hope that matters
could be amicably settled.
My this Corriean is worsted in the so
j called "racetrack war."
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— Discussion of rac
ing rules occupied the attention of the
delegates to the American Turf Congress
to-day and a number of important
changes were made. Rule IS, in whi^h.
any person or horse ruled off the track
by a running association, for fraud, was
ruled off the tracks of members of the
American Turf Association, was amended
to read as follows:
"Every person or horse expelled or ruled
off by any reputable running association
or by the American or National Trotting
Association shall stand ruled off the
courses of the members of this congress
during the continuance of such expulsion.
"Any association that shall knowingly
allow any ruled-off person or horse to
participate in its racing shall be out
lawed."
Another rule adopted by the congress
was that no person against whom there
are arrears shall be granted a license as
a trainer or jockey. A rule was adopted
by the congress that hereafter no em
ployer shall get tho money won by any
jockey bound to him by contract who
shall win riding outside mounts.
Much time- was devoted to the troubles
existing between the racing clubs of Cal
ifornia. The Pacific Coast Jockey Club
and the Western Turf Association have
been unable to agree on the dates for
holding thoir races. The congress
qided to allow the clubs to find a solution
of the problem.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year resulted as follows:
President, W. F. Schulte, Louisville;
vice president. James Howard, Chicago;
treasurer, O. L. Bradley, Lexington. Ky.;
secretary. K. C. Hopper, Covingtnn. Ky.
A permanent office of the congress will
be opened in Louisville and the next
meeting of the congress will be held in
that cfty.
HIS SKULL WAS BROKEN
William Carr Was Sent From the Be
ceiving Hospital as a Natural
Cause Case.
Autopsy Surgeon Zabala made an
autopsy yesterday upon the body of Wil
liam Carr, who died at the City Receiving
Hospital last Wednesday night, appar
ently of alcoholism, and found that < 'hit's
skull had been fractured. There is no
clew to the planner in which he was in
jured.
But the most surprising part of the af
fair is that there is no clew to the manner
in which the persons in charge of the Re
ceiving Hospital avoided discovering that
their patient was suffering from a frac
tured skull. It is true that Carr was
poorly dressed, and that he had been
drinking heavily, but if more care had
been shown in Ms treatment the fracture
would have been discovered and his lifts
might have been saved by a surgical
operation.
Auxiliary to the Veterans.
The wives and lady relatives of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Associa
tion of this city have formed an auxiliary
society to the veterans for the purpns, of
assisting them in their social functions.
The new society was organized last Wed
nesday night with Mrs. G. Andrews as
president and Miss Amy Hughes as re
cording secretary. After the organiza
tion the members, some fifty in number,
adopted resolutions thanking the officials,
firemen and citizens (ladles and gentle
men) of Fresno for their courteous
reception of the veterans and the ladies
who accompanied them, and assuring
them that if any come to the veterans'
headquarters they will receive a hearty
welcome. Following the business meet
ing there was an informal dance in the
headquarters at 24 Fourth street.
Pains
Kgif JOlfllSj
£aS rains n shoulders
pg (Fig. >. pains in
EM s&ss " ell>OW3 2). pains
If in hauls CF\ g . z),
g^ mM rains in legs ifi^
4), rtins in feet or
IS snklfs (Fig. 5), are
Kg cauß-'d by an acid
Kg gS conritlon of the
Ml E3 . blorj. Rheumatism.
KrSj |^a Is .he term applied
t£jjr %FXi!< to such condition.
PS '^mvtillr T^ c acids Bet up in-
■,■ . A 4 . ■ .. : . fl;mmatlon- and . pain
.^r . . _. . aid swelling result.
These acids also destro/ the delicate heart
structures (Fig. 6), and 'his Is why so many
1 people with chronic rheumatism have heart
disease.'-
I ' HUDYAN cures Rheur.atism— pre-
vents the serious heart complications — because
HUDYAN counteracts .hese poisonous acids.
By gently stimulating th» liver and . kidneys
to Increased activity HUDYAN .. drives ; the
acids out of the bltxl.
. HUDYAN cures (jfronlc rheumatism, mus-
cular or articular rf.'iimHtism, sciatica, lum-
bago and. all other conditions due to Impurities
In the blood. HUDX^N purifies the blood and
creates clear • Bklnsjf.nd rosy • complexions.
HUDYAN is for; men and women, old and
young, and is a pipltal remedy Tor relieving
pain. H.UDYAN £Jlves strength and tone to
the entire system. HUDYAN cures. are per-
manent. '■■:.- $'■'■'■ ■■'■■'■'
,HUDYAN is fcr salotby druggists— a
package or six prfkages for $2 SO, -
If your druKiflt doe 9 not keep HUDYAN,
send d|rect to Be HTJ.DYAN. REMEDY CO.,
' corner 'Stockton? Ellis and Market streets, San
Francisco. t
YOU MAY CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOU* CASE— FREE OF CHARGE.
ICALLi OR .WRTE.
IFOUR LIVES LOST
IN A COLLISION
A Disastrous Wreck in
Minnesota.
MISUNDERSTOOD THE ORDERS
CONDUCTOR WILLIAMS' SUDDEN |
DISAPPEARANCE.
♦
Freight Trains Crash Together on
Freight Trains Crash Together on
a Bridge and Burning
Cars Fall Into the
River.
*
itch to The Call.
Specl.il Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, September 21.— A serious ac
cident occurred on the Omaha Railroad I
early to-day near Windom, Minn.. four
men being killed and three seriously in
jured in a rear-end collision of frieght
trains on a bridge. Following are the
dead:
ENGINEER RASMUSSEN.
ENGINEER RASMTSSEN.
FIREMAN ROBERTS, who died at 6;
a. m.
FIREMAN STRATTON.
JOHN ROBERTS, a traveling man
from St. James, Minn.
The injured, none fatally, are: George
Tew, engineer; John feomans, engineer,
and Thomas Merrill, fireman.
The Omaha special freight train was
standing on the bridge over the Des
Moines River near Windom at about 11:30
last night, when, under what Is supposed !
was a misapprehension of orders, it was j
crashed into by another freight train i
drawn by two engines and composed of
twenty-five heavily loaded cars.
The bridge went down, carrying the
engines and part of both trains, and as :
the water in the river was but four feet
deep, the debris caught fire and heavy
damage resulted, while four men met
death in awful form.
Conductor Williams of the train which
was struck fled after the accident, after
telling conflicting stories as to its cause.
— -* 1 —
AN ENTIRE FAMILY
KILLED BY A TRAIN
Driving Across the Track, an Engine
Crashed Into a Vehicle, With
Terrible Results.
ALBIA. low - .-While Jasper
ghter and two grand
le ' Chicago,
Railway tracks
four . Übia to- lay passen
shed into the vehicle.
The following are dead:
ars.
'] IE JOHNSON, a daughter,
■i'.iiK BEEBE. ag^i 7 years.
- ,:-..ichild, aged 2
years, was fata ;
BOUND TO MAINTAIN
DIGNITY OF CANADA
Premier Laurier Makes an Address
in Which He Refers to the
Alaskan Boundary.
TORONTi ntai Sej I '11.— At the
' c Strathroy Pre
>
"Tl • question, the Alaskan
.try, which hits proved a stumbling
c - ' :he Joint Hiuh
Commission. We have, there-
We have not obtain
■ ■ _ -. . - • .\ .
but. t there is no or.". I am
s who' will regret ir
-? any regrret upon it.
■ best, and if we have
d by the
- : shte of Can
□ the very best
- with our neighbors to the south; we
tradi with them. But if they
carts « 111 not
c fact We can Live with
■ an prosper without them.
-n I make - ret 1 it there are
-:ich I for one would
be glad f t-tions with
them. But If 1 la to be Dai i by
■ Canadian honor, we will
. ■ ; ■ price md we will con
tinue ■ - :r;«r now — paddle
We want to have the very
•-• rel na • tl ur neighbors, but
while that la - aim above all
things is Canada first. Canada last and
Canada always."
KILLED THE MAN SHE
REFUSED TO MARRY
PRINCETON. 111., Sept. 21.— Miss
Kate Herbolsh'Mmer was Indicted by
the Grand Jury here to-day for the
murder of Charles Salesman, a young
man with whom she had been keeping
company. Miss Herboisheimer claimed
that Salesman had asked her to marry
him. but that ehe deouned to da so.
She . c ays that for several w»pk? after
phe rejected him she received anony
mous letters, of which she believed him
" r and in which her life
and that ot h^r relatives were threat-
ArtT that she found some
hnice about the well at her
father's home and from circumstances
• to know concluded that
•nan had left it there.
With a carriage and horse she drove
to Holowayv'l!*--. where Salesman was
rk. and asked him to take a ride.
They proceeded a few blocks when a
Bhot was fired. Each had a revolver.
- ' !ved four bullets and
• Ing. Fli.=s H«rbolsh»imer
- 1 two shirs and recovered.
- 'If-defebse, claiming
that Salesman commenced the shooting.
BATTLESHIP LAUNCHED
Suggestions Mad>- by Captain Robley
Evr.ns. U. S. N., Accepted.
PORTSMOUTH. Bag., Sept. 21. — The
. ■.< London v.-as launched
r- 1 to-day In the presence
, • larL "' people. Her displace
tons. The main feature of
■ instruction is the armor belt, whirh
i.« arried the entire length of the ship,
as advocated by Captain Robiey L>.
- U. 8. N.. In articles against soft
battleships BUcb as th»- lowa. Her
feet, her beam 75 ft-et and her
feet 9 Inches. She has an Indi
■ c power of 15.000. Her cost is
it about £1.000.t)00. Her arma
f (our 12-Inch ?una,
, -ick-riring guns, eighteen
■i ders. twelve three-poandera and
•r rapid-flre guns. She Is sup
do tubes. Her cora
-7~,Z men.
BIG FLAZE AT MAXWELL
Livery Stble Burned and Eight
Horses Perish.
COLTTSA, Sept 21.— Maxwell was
visited early This morning by a $10,000
(Ire. the thin disastrous conflagration
that has v1.«1..<j that town within the
past few year.
This morning, blaze started In the
rear of Emma Tolson's livery stable
and gained sucl a headway before It
was discovered t, at the entire stable and
contents, includl ? eight horses, were
consumed. Ther was no insurance on
the property. B-sides the stable three
saloons and a blicksmith shop was de
stroyed, and it w» s only by the hardest
kind of work that Gross's big general
merchandise store , in ,i the whole north
end of the town ww e saved.
County Fail Postponed.
SAN JOSE, sept. i.— The director* of!
the Santa Clara Val e y and San Mateo j
Agricultural District \' o . Bat a meeting
to-day postponed th« county fair until
December. It will h. held during the
week of the semi-cen~nnial celebration
■A the State.
RALLIES OF REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS
REPUBLICANS OF
NEBRASKA HOLD A
CONVENTION AT OMAHA
Curing the Harmonious Proceedings
Nominations ire Made for State
Officers-Administration
Indorsed.
OMAHA, Nebr., Sept. 21.— The Repub
lican State Convention was one of the
most harmonious gatherings ever held
by the party in the State. M. B. Reese
of Lincoln was nominated for Supreme
Judge on the first ballot. L. G. McGil
ton of Omaha and William B. Ely of
Ainsworth were both nominated for re
gents of the State University on the
first ballot. Judge Reese has served
six years on the Supreme bench, retir
ing six years ago to resume the practice
of his profession. Frank C. Reavis of
Jails City as temporary chairman ad
dressed the convention and upheld the
policy of the national administration.
After the preliminary matters were
disposed of. the temporary officers hav
ing been made permanent. Major Kil
lain of the First Nebraska, who was
in the house, was called for and on his
appearance was vociferously applaud
ed. He made an earnest speech in be
half of upholding the hands of the na
tional administration in the Philippines.
The applause which punctuated his
speech was even more hearty than that
which greeted his appearance.
Senator Thurston and several others
also made speeches, but the one which
set the delegates and spectators wild
was that of Chaplain Mailey of th-.^
First Nebraska. His opening sentence
started the pandemonium of cheering.
He said he had never voted a Repub
lican ticket in his life, but he intended
this fall to vote to uphold the hands
of the administration in the Philip
pines.
The committee on resolutions report
ed and the resolutions were promptly
adopted.
On the question of foreign policy the
platform states:
We heartily indorse the wise, conserva
tive and patriotic administration of Pres
ident McKinley and congratulate the
President upon his success in dealing
with the delicate and difficult problems
arising- from our war with Spain and we
repose implicit confidence in his ability
to cope with every issue that may pre
s-ent Itself for solution in the future.
"While we deplore the insurrection in the
Philippines, yet we recognize the duties
and obligations Imposed upon oar nation
by the victory of our navy and the match
less valor of our arms, resulting: in the
treaty of Paris, which imposed upon the
President the duty of maintaining the
authority of the United States over the
territory acquired thereby, and so long as
there Is one pun pointed at an American
soldier, bo long as there Is an armed
enemy assaulting our flag, so long must
patriotic and loyal Americans uphold our
President in effecting protection, tran
quillity and peace to all who recognize our
lawful occupation.
After paying a glowing tribute to the
valor of the First Nebraska Volunteers
in the Philippines the platform deals
witn the money question as follows:
We adhere unequivocally to the gold
standard and are unalterably opposed to
the free coinage of sliver. Gold has been
our standard since i 5.34 and is now the
■tandard of every civilised and important
country in the world. Arter more than
twenty years of harmful agitation and a
campaign of extraordinary earnestness
and full discussion, the people of the
United States, by a majority of more than
500,000, decided in favor of that standard.
Our experience and present prosperity in
the amplest and fullest measure demon
strates the wisdom of that decision.
NO PENALTY NOW
Delays in Building Torpedo Boats
Considered.
WASHINGTON. Sept. a.— Thfi Board
of Naval Bureau chiefs to-day consid
ered the applicati' : - I r-ain ship
ling firms for a - t the pen
alties provided for m the contract for de
lay in the construction of some of the
torpedo-boats. It was resolved to take,
no action at this time, but to await the
completion of the boats and then to make
suitable recomn <■ »ed on the
pood faith shown In prosecuting the work.
THE GRAND ARMY
MAY PARADE
Roosevelt Takes Up
Their Fight in the
Dewey Fete.
*
?p*e!a! Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— At General
Roe's office to-day it was said the refusal
of the Grand Army of the Republic to
take part tn the Dewey land parade was
f:nai. General Roe is not disposed to re
cede an inch from his position.
Notwithstanding General Roe's positive
statement, however, there is a possibility
that the Grand Army veterans may par
ticipate in the parade. Governor Roose
velt has taken up the fight in their be
half. To-day, speaking at the Otsega
•y Fair, at Cooperate wn, N. 1.. he
said:
"I transacted one piece of business to
day that may be of interest to you of the
Grand Army. I see by the press a state
ment that there had be~n some hitch in
the arrangements of the parade to meet
Dowey and I telegraphed to the major
general commanding the National Guard
of this Btate that tne Grand Army is to
have the right of position or anything it
wants in ths parade. If I can bring it
about I am going to have the heroes of
the great war occupy the foremost posi
tion. '
Governor Roosevelt is General Roe's
superior officer, and the Grand Army will
probably march in the place of honor
The ex-Confederate Veterans will not
march, being unable to prppar* in time
Rear Admiral Schley and First Assist
ant Postmaster General Perry S Heath
have sent nccr-ptances. "It will give me
mur* delight." wired R*ar Admiral
Schiey. "to be present and participate in
the cl'y's honor to the peerless Dewey."
The mother and widow of Captain
Gridlev- of the Olympia will be present at
the celebration. Governor Reynhold Sad
ler of Nevada declined to attend, but said
that the State would be represented by
Senators Jones and Stewart
LINCOLN POST INDORSES
GRAND ARMY'S STAND
The following telegram was sent to
night by Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R.: ]
Joseph W. Kay. Commander Denart- i
mem of New York. G. A. R.. Brooklyn.
N. I.: Lincoln, senior post of California
Indorses the Grand Army regarding lt<«
position In the Dewey parade
S. W. CARPENTER
Acting Post Commander.
Take the excursion train to Uklah Sun- '
day, September 24, and visit the fish i
hatchery, where hundreds of thousands of
I youn* trout are to be seen. •
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1899.
RIOTOUS SCENES
AMONG DEMOCRATS
OF MASSACHUSETTS
Bitter Fights Between Factions Char
acterize the Boston Convention,
but a State Ticket Is
Nominated.
000000000 0 O OGOOOO
o o
O For Governor— Robert Treate O
O Paine Jr. of Boston. O
O For Lieutenant Governor — Q
© John H. Mack of North Adams. O
O For Attorney General— John O
© H. Morrison of Lowell. O
O For State Auditor— W. L. O
O Ramsdell of Lynn. Q
O For Secretary of State— Harry O
© Lloyd of Boston. O
O Fot- State Treasurer— Joseph ©
O J. Flinn of Lawrence. O
© O
00000000000000000
BOSTON. Sept. 21.— The riotous
scenes and the bitter fights between the
two factions of the Democrats in this
State, which characterized the all
night session in Music Hall here in
1896 and that at Worcester the follow
ing year, were renewed with even
greater bitterness at the annual con
vention of the State Democracy in Me
chanics' Hall to-day. There was hardly
a moment after the speeches of the
temporary and permanent presiding of
ficers were concluded when there was
quiet and harmony in any degree. At
times the entire delegations were upon
their feet, the members standing on
chairs or tables, shouting in the heat
of passion some denunciatory remarks
at the chairman or the person who was
endeavoring to speak upon the plat
form.
At these times it seemed as though
even the force of one hundred police
men in the hall would be of no avail,
so impassioned were those upon the
floor, and the climax came when at the
request of the chairman the captain
of police apneared upon the platform
and placed his hand upon Congressman
John Fitzgerald in readiness to forcibly
remove him from the platform had he
nut subsided and allowed the chairman
to address and calm the excited as
semblage.
The cause of the tumult which raged
for .nearly three hours was the ques
ti n before the body of accepting the
action of the State committee in pre
senting a list of delegates to the na
tional convention.
It was claimed by those that opposed
the idea that it was against all pre
cedent and robbed the various districts
of their constitutional rights.
The personalities which were in
dulged in were directed as much
against Congressman Fitzgerald as
against Mr. Williams, the party leader,
and hard names were called on both
sides. The final result of ail the con
fusion and discord was the overwhelm
ing passage of every motion and report
which was made by the State commit
tee and the selection of a State ticket
headed by Robert T. Paine Jr. and
John H. Mack.
The committee appointed to select the
delegates to the national convention
made its report. The delegates-at-laree
are George Fr<rd Williams. Colonel A.
C. Drinkwater, William F. McNary and
Christopher T. Callahan.
There were several attempts at dis
turbance when the motion to acceDt the
report Of this committee was out. but
they were suppressed and the chairman
declared the report adopted, and the
list of delegates stands a.= announced.
The convention then adjourned.
CRACKER COMBINE
CONSUMMATED
Seven Coast Factories
Purchased.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 21.— The promoters of
the Pacific Coast Biscuit Company have
paid $200,006 in cash as the first payment
on the purchase of seven of the principal
cracker and candy factories on the Pa
cific ('oast.
Thi:? is the consummation of the cracker
combination which was formed last spr'ug
by Eastern investors, headed by C. W.
Warner of Syracuse, N. V.. and which
became abortive owirfg to the failure of
the purchasers to supply the cash de
mands as they fell due.
Since the former deal failed the promo
ters of the Pacific Coast Biscuit Company
have been working diligently to effect a
consolidation of cracker interests on the
coast and have now apparently succeeded.
The new company starts in business
with a capital of $4,000,000. The factories
purchased are as follows: Southern (^a\l
fornia Crackor Company of Los Angeles;
Portland Cracker Company, operating ;
two factories, one at Portland and the
"ther at Seattle; the Washington Cracker
Company of Spokane, the Oregon Cracker ',
Company of Portland. Seattle Cracker and i
Candy Company of Seattle and th^ Amer- ■
ican Biscuit Company of San Francisco. '
The larger factories take part cash and '
part stock in the new organization. A
considerable sum is set aside in the plans !
of the company f ->r improvements and ex
tension of trade.
PIONEER OF THREE STATES.
Mrs. Caroline Bostick Dies at Her
Daughter's Residence in
Woodland.
WOODLAND. Sept. 21.— Mrs. Caroline
Bostick, a native of Ohio and nearly 80 i
years of age. died at the residence of her '■
daughter. Mrs. T. J. Cummins. In this !
city this morning. She was the mother !
of ten children and left forty-eight grand
children and twenty-four great-grand
children. Mrs. Bostick was a pioneer and
did much toward molding the destiny
and developing the civilization of three
States-. Ohio. Missouri and California
The body will be shipped to Jackson
ville this evening for burial. Her hus
band, N. G. Bostick. died and was
buried there three years ago.
•"*■"■ — — — '
| Send the SUNDAY CALL to I
: your friend* abroad — wrapped j i
| ready for mat! ing, So per copy. | ;
GOVERNOR LOWNDES
AND WELLINGTON ARE
NOW AT LOGGERHEADS
Demand Made for the Retirement of
the Senator from the State
Central Committee Leads
to Senous Charges,
BALTIMORE. Sept. 21.— Governor
Lowndes, who is a candidate for re
election on the Republican State ticket,
has demanded the resignation of United
States Senator George L. Wellington
as chairman, of the Republican State
Central Committee. This step is the
outcome of the work of the State Cen
tral Committee yesterday in appointing
committees on finance and on the con
duct of the coming campaign, which
practically deprived the chairman of
the committee of most of his power and
usefulness.
Senator Wellington saya:
My ultimatum is that the committee muft
rescind its action or I will retire from it. I
will n"t turn a hand until they da this. No
headquarters will be opened, and I am jroir.g
to Cumberland to wait until I hear from them.
I think thai the ticket Is beaten beyond any
question. The committee has offended every
Maipterite and absolutely ignored the colore«l
voters. There is a day of reckoning coming
which they will not like to meet.
The Senator further charges Gover
nor Lowndes with having surrendered
control of the party to John K. Cowen
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,
and asserts that United States Senator
McComas is also controlled by the same
influence.
Governor Lowndes and Senator Wel
lington have been fast friends, the lat
ter at one time having filled a position
in the banking house of the Governor
in Cumberland. Md. Their political
fortunes have been closely allied and
much of the credit for the conduct of
the campaign which elected Governor
Lowndes four years ago has heretofore
been accorded to Senator Wellington,
who was at that time chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS'
STAND AS TO POLITICS
BOSTON. Sept 21.— The Anti-Impe
rialist League to-day issued the follow
ing:
Unauthorized statements having been
made as to the objects of the anti-imperial
conference in Chicago, October 17, it
should be said that there will be no at
tempt there at negotiation with any po
litical party. It is hoped that this con
ference may plan for a systematic effort
to establish anti-imperialist leag-ues and
committees throughout the country, with
the intention of developing and crystal
lizing the opposition to the Presidents
policy.
It ip true that in doing this the anti
imperialists must denounce _vlr. McKinley
individually because he unlawfully initi
ated the slaughter in the Philippines by
his declaration of war. December 21, 189^,
at a time when the United States was
soimenly bound by the protocol to pree-
Berve the status quo.
It simplifies our efforts, that because nf
this impregnable fact neither the country
nor any political party in it is responsible
for Mr. McKinley ? war or is in any way
bound to support it.
The anti-imperialists hope to arouse
their fellow-citizens to the gravity of the
issue which has been forced upon the peo
ple, so that no candidate for the next
Presidency ran expect success unless he
disavows rhe colonial and imperial acts
which have actuated Mr. McKinley and
his pernicious advisers.
SAN PEDRO FERRY.
Public Meeting Called to Discuss the
Franchise Question.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21.— The fight be
tween various railroad interests for a
ferry privilege at San Pedro has reached
the stage where the Government must de
cide.
A public meeting has been called at the
town hall at San Pedro for next Monday,
at which time Captain I. J. Meyer of the
United States Engineering Corps, super
vising the San Pedro harbor work for
the Government, will be prepared to hear
any grounds of objection which may exist
to the granting of franchises for ferry
landings in the inner harbor of San Pedro.
UNABLE TO GET
COMPANY'S BOOKS
The Mazet Investigating
Committee Makes but
Scant Progress.
•
Special Dispatch to The <~*a.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.-Corporatlon
Counsel Whalen, Justice Charles H.
Truix. President Silas B. Dutcher ami
Engineer Peter A. Nostrand. were the
witnesses put on the stand to-day at the
Mazpt investigation of the affairs of the
Ramapo Water Company. Corporation
Counsel Whalen, who was expected by
Counsel Moss tc appear before the com
mittee two days ago, made a point to
day of his willingness to appear and tats
appearance without a subpoena. The
corporation counsel stood by the Ramano
water contract, explaining that he had
trade some changes in the original copy
of a perfectly legal document by whica
the city's interests were well protected
The witness and Counsel Moss had some
argument on the nature of the questions
put to the witness and the corporation
counsel evaded many of the questions
rei using to reply in definite terms. Re
garding his opposition to the motion fur
a permanent injunction against the
Ramapo contract he merely said:
"1 had to oppose."
Justice Truix said he was a stockholder
in the Ramapo Company and that in a
conversation with Richard Croker about
two years ago he told Mr. Croker it was
a good thing. He stated also that some
of th<? amendments proposed to the origi
nal contract were made by him.
President Dutcher was called for the
purpose 01' ascertaining whether ne had
yet learned the whereabouts of the com
pany's secretary, in whose possession the
books of the company were said to be.
But ne had not so learned. He remained i
in the committee room for a few minutes !
aft.'r Knglneer Nostrand was called as a
■witness.
Mr. Nostrand had in his possession the
options of the Ramapo Company, but he '■
refused to surrender them to Mr. Mods j
without orders of the President of the !
Board of Trustees. Mr. Dutcher refused
to give the desired order. In the course
cf the argument that followed between !
Counsel Moss and the witness regarding i
the turning over to the Mazet committee
th* papers, President Dutcher left the \
rcom and Mr. Moss ordered that Prfsi- i
den: Dutcher's action be entered upon !
the record.
Other witnesses examined to-day had to j
do with the building codes commission.
Evernia Launched.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— The new Cunard !
line steamship Evemla, for the Liverpool- '
Boston service, was launched in the Tyne I
this evening In the presence of 20,000 peo- !
pie. The steamer waa christened by the
Countess of Ravensirood.
DESIRELLO IS
NOT CONVICTED
Jury Fails to Agree and
Is Discharged by
the Judge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 21.— The trial
of Fred Desirello for the murder of young
James Johnston came to an end to-day.
The jury retired at 4 o'clock p. m. ar.'i
after having taken ten ballots announced
that they could not agree. They were
then discharged by the Judge. The vote
was nine for conviction ajid three for ac
quittal.
At the opening ot the court this morn
ing the defendant took the stand and
testified as to the shooting. He told a
straightforward story that could not he
shaken on cross-examination. Defendant
told about his visit to San Francisco
with his wife on the morning of the ISth
of March and of his return to the cours
ing park at Colma in the afternoon. After
the races business kept him at the park
until 6:3 i) or after. His wife met him there
and they proceeded together toward the
town. "On going a short distance they
separated, defendant going to the White
House. Here he met a man by the name
■ £ Murphy, with whom he had business,
and while talking to him in front cf the
bouse he heard the sounds of galloping
horses and the rattling of a wagon. When
they got opposite the house he ran Into
the mad <n front of the horses and threw
up his hands crying. "Halt, halt!" He
jumped to one side as the horses were al
most upon him and ran after the wagon
crying to the boys to stop. Thinking that
possibly they could not hear him on ac
count pi the great noise made by tne
wagon 'he drew his revolver while running
and fired directly up In the air. To this
the boys paid no attention and it was
then that he tired two shots at the horses,
one of which struck Johnston in the neck.
During all this time he was running as
hard as he could, reaching Bllli's store
about the same time as the wagon did.
He saw Johnston jump from the wag' in
and heard him say "I'm shot." As the
boy was about to fall to the porch of the
store he caught him and did all he could
for him. sending his wife for whisky,
calling for a light and ordering a doctor.
He remembered his wife saying: "My
God. Fred, what have you done?" to
which he replied: "It was an accident:
I thought the horses were running away.
I shot to kill the horses." He subse
quently sent for Constable Nevills and
gave himself up and was brought to Red
woo,] City.
District Attorney Bullock argued the
case for the people and E. F. Fitzpatrick
and H. W. Walker for the defendant.
Judge Buck then instructed the jury and
the case was submitted to them at 4
o'clock this afternoon.
BOUNDARY COMMISSION
TAKES A SHORT REST
Adjourns Until Monday After lis
tening to Argument of Ben
jamin Harrison.
PARIS, S^-pt. 21.— Continuing' his argu
ment in behalf of Venezuela before the
Anglo- Venezuelan Boundary Arbitration
Commission, ex-President Benjamin Har
rison said the issue of diplomatic corre
spondence showed that Great Britain had
never claimed more than the Dutch did.
He held that the legal and political de
partments of the British Foreign Office
did not seem to agree, the latter taking:
its inspiration from the surveyor. Sir
Robert Schombergk, while Sir Richard
Webster, the British Attorney General,
went further and claimed the extended
Schombergk line.
'Continuing. Mr. Harrison said he pro
posed to show that the Dutch rights of
>U were much smaller than those of
any line now suggested by Great Brit
ain, and that those lines were iww ex
tinct through the disputed territory. Any
extension, he asserted, of the original
lines could only be claimed through pre
scription or adverse holding, and that all
of the rest of the country belonged to
Venezuela. The commission adjourned
until Monday.
THOUSANDS OF TROUT DIE
DURING TRANSPORTATION
Attempt to Stock a Stream in the
High Sierras Ends Dis
astrously.
JACKSON. Sept. 21.— Twenty-four thou
' sand young trout from the hatchery in
Northern California arrived in lone a few j
; days ago en route for Kirkwood's sta
tion in Alpine County, intended for the |
stocking of Caple Lake, near Klrkwoods. j
A team was hired to convey the fish from I
I lone to their destination, a distance of
ninety miles.
I The first day's journey brought the
I teamster to Pine Grove, a fourth of the '
total distance, where he remained for the ;
night. The next morning he found the ;
surface of the tanks covered with dead !
fish. Less than 500 of the total number :
remained alive. It was useless to con
tinue the trip, so the live fish were placed
in a pond at Pine Grove. Thus ended
the first attempt to stock the waters of i
! the high Sierras in this direction.
BIG CATTLEMAN DEAD.
Charles N. Whitman of Denver
Passes Away.
DENVER. Sept SL— Charles N. Whit
man, a millionaire breeder of Hereford
cattle, with farms in Kansas and a 260.
--0*)-acre ranch in Texas, is dead at his
home herp of a disease of the stomach.
He was 49 years old.
Expert Love Acquitted.
MARYSVILLE. Sept. 21. -The case of
the People vs. H. H. Love of Palermo, the
Grand Jury expert, charged by the
District Attorney with presenting false
and fradulent claims to the Supervisors
for his services, went tn the jury at 2
o'clock this afternoon, and at s o'clock to
night the twelve men returned a verdict
of acquittal.
New Courthouse.
B4ADERA, Sept. 21.— The Board of
Supervisors has decided to erect a court
house costing (60,000 and has levied
n tax of 50 cents on the $100 for this ye:ir
to start work en the same. It is expected
that a special tax will be levied for three
years. at th<> end of which time the build
ing will be completed.
We Will
Soon Have
An Oil Well
This is no extravagant guess, but a
conservative statement that Is baseil
upon expert opinion of the stratifica-
tion of the land In the Kern River
Oil District and the fact that oil HAS
BEEN struck in many wells near to
and adjoining our property— the famous
El wood well, now owned, presumably,
by the Santa Fe Railroad company,
beinic less than 300 yards from where
cur boring outfit is NOW BEING put
in position.
I'ntll OCTOBER 3TH a limited num-
ber of shares of treasury stock are
offered to the public for 5O CENTS
per share — the par value, of which are.
$1 per share.
Let us send you our prospectus: or.
better still, i?ive u« a call, for we can
then give you more minute informa-
tion. Remember we court the most
searching inquiry.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open Evening* from 7 to 8 o'clock.
| THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
i a"^,, P fHf "ElHlPOR|||iis^" i 1
£ professor ilSp** Aivd *^^lwg ■ —
*. Herbert, the P Coldenßnle Bazaar. The Winter *
I » Magician. CAUFORniAS LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. Catalogue +
|■ = |
1 1 Top Coats, Half Price. I
iI » For Large Boys or Small Men. Jj-/ J
1 I $8.50 or $10 Values for $4.75. 7^\ I
» * We place on sale for this day only a limited number of / jfl ( \ *
* nobby tan Top Coats for boys 14 to 19 years ; they meas- L ' i- *
. ure SO to 35 : nc c? aronn ; the cl»*t. are strictly all wool, have V/ ' _/ I ♦
5I &> si k-rewn doable- 't tched se- in 1 , giving th m the strap-seam -f- 3 v d / <q
ij f, fert, lined wi-n fine qna ij of Iti mc o h, perfect fitting th 3 >_~t3,''- ♦
e|#, are actually worth from .*">(> to $10 each, to-d-W .* $4,75 * r "'»* ii i «
;! $7 Striped Taffetas 69c \ \\ |
ts/ Striped Taffetas 69c i\\ «
~* On special sale this day only, 21-inch Fancy Jj v^ 5
j * Striped Taffei as, in satin stripes and hair *^ *
'i ♦ line stripes, suitable for both street and evening wear, a good as-
2#> sortment of colorings, our regular SI per yard quality, i0v..690 *
i { ===z== j
I 1 Sale Of New. seasonable Writing _. Fl^ st alit y 5
- T ■— ■ . mm Fiannelettes —« _jw Writing Paper, _»
- * Flannelettes woven co or- Paper, We. 24 sheet, and 25 «
t !;.■£■• in;?, nicely napped, c useiy woven, good Envelopes, octavo size, ia heliotrope,
-' j Jfcj to weir, neat coloring — pink, b u>. azure, cream, blue and pink, special <•
: ». etc., in striped effects, ju3t the th ngj this day only, per box f&G ♦
5 ft for nieht^own? and ' outer ga men's. ( ____________ *
•■♦ special this day on'y, rer yard 6c Am —— __ _ _. i _!
•!» $1.00 Moxha w *? ] * ™ 1
" & _f*ff _r *5 special ?a c ▼
s * Millinery These two ?riat **iovgs, §&<&. to- -a.- 100 ♦
.* — , " X *" m birgains are for thi doz>n Mocha Glovej, in sizes 54 to. 7--, J
1 _ &§9GG§aiSm day •n y : a nice shade of green only, for that
a j fr Fine Imported French Fe:t Share?, thi'j _— -r~-~~^^ "**
1 ♦ season's styles and < his, rgu ; nt >< r-~4 * '-" \"^ ♦
/ ♦ price $1.25 e"ch, special to-dav.. s3c /"^^/T^^^-^Nj^
r J Gifrantic Velvet RO3 3 with Bod, this sea- ( %j@f*~/ <^%M^> <
? sin's co ors, regular price 60c e3 h, s. & / /" \\\\ <•
. » special to-day .....25c / / \\\\j <•
' * <*
* t*GSSGtI i^^ reason instead of the rej^lar price, $1 *
c A nrtlSes 62 7** *»^*a P er P^ ' th * P rice t0 Cose wi " Z
I * UOIIS, to SO. JlCyl be s£lo J
iJ 3. We offer for this day /t^Z^yM i %\ ' <"
4 ♦ on vsl Papier Mache J'Sr^n LatliGS* Imported Real *
|J Patent Jointed D>'ls, 'ff'PfiF? Hn*tt» fsf ?*" £ Ott .°° «
T c  > , \l (Afl/Ji f~tJS>fr> lOt» H b>, H°rmsiorf i
| fiae b.squj heads, \U | V> oLck, high-sp ic^d heels and double toas, J
- A mohair wigs, and 7 ifPj\ M'; --n extri tool vilu^ for 20- na r pnir. go 4.
* cur's, pretty dre=s?s, ''i^r^ %<• ; \ ! on specii! sale to-day at $1*75 i* 3 * <•
* shoes, stockins^ and /'^/^? \ \\\ \ idozen — pair / SO ♦
_ J SDoes, stoc Kins* ana , JftM .
* bonnets, length of {( "^ . M %
iv don 14 inches for Cloth-Bound Books *
- % 67c -"** at ♦
i ? a a rt BMmm Gowns an , Pa * Book Prices %
- a UndermUSiin g^ Btsa^8 ts a^ 250 the. of standard works of fiction. J
1 * eCialSm special sa'e P°- tr 7 and juvenile books by such fi- *
1 this day on y. Li-He ' T-nn Fiannel nous authors as : v
> » Gown?, sizes 14. 15 and 16, pear: but- Dickens, Jules Verae, Barrie, ♦
' * on.-, special to-day oily 48 C S:ott, Crockett, Emerson, *
i * Ladies' Tennis F annel Skirts. full Hawthorne , Whit^. , D C - 10 er - J
• 5 length. 6-inc -ifB> and yoke ban % A. Conaa Doyle, W.Clark Russell. J
'a rrgu ar price 3jc each, special to-da^ Published to sell at 25c each, on special •$•
-i A only 25c sale this day only, at- 12 C ♦
[*• - . *
I >^iftiSBj ! STATEMENT
1 TMnKflrißM CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
&^r<w^t^W;< '^. ' 11 OF THE
! 1 j O \/ TT A
*W^s O V JLL /A
/^^^F t ''' INSURANCE COMPANY
V , tji^3> ..-f^C^i'"-'.'.**^ 1 --^— i***" ' f\F GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. ON THE
t . '■' ■ '. ' :: -S^ 3^^ s? *\nW"'"l^/ > " " Jlst day of December. A. D. ISSS. and for
•--•_.. **"■' ay -' -"- s »*vrS-A f , the year ending on that day, as made to tha
_;.*•.,;' ■■" • '**^*% ( *gf^r^y Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
. .... •' \l\y\J?^~£~ I fornla, pursuant to the provisions of sections
i • ' ' ~l^-^~~^c£- iv/c^^S^ ! 610 and 611 of the Political Cod* , condensed as
Corrv^HT s^--^ Jtls-Z/'-^^^ i per lslan c furnished by the Commissioner.
; -— ' <ry4r CAPITAL.
' '-■ Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
PUT YOUR HEADS ; Cash ■ ;533 - 333 g
; TOfFTHFP ASSET?.
• 1 UVJC I nCrV Real Estate owned by Company $703,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2,735.077 24
. and compare notes about who does the \ Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
1 best laundry work in this town, and Bonds owned by Company.... .... 2,333.684 34
. you will find the unanimous verdict of | Amount of Loans secured by pledge
- > ou m nna tne unanimous \eraict or f Bond 9 stocks and other mar-
I everyone in San Francisco is that our ketabie securities as collateral 972,090 97
I i exquisite laundry work is unsurpassed i Cash in Banks 57.948 79
I for its perfect finish, careful treatment, : Cash in Company's Office. .........
I beauty of color and general excellence., j **«£ a^ e ii£_ .??..!...?...!! M _ m ts
jWe don't allow any one to touch US for interest due and accrued on Bonds
perfect laundry work. and Mortgages ...
"No saw edges." Premiums in-due Course of Collec- 1M m _
United States Laundry. Office SSf^&^SS^fHj^
1004 Market Street. g^frcm It^^^t^rto;'^
1 Telephone South 4-20. insurance on losses already paid.... 250.537 63
' Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St. Tota i Assets .17.314.237 n
. : ; LIABILITIES. ~~
000000000000000000 £22 *A»%%U D !JK_,V«- or
THE ~~i 19 . A *>*%. r*m AND " in Suspense :iM,«6« S7
O T .f. E I ML/iUC ••- O £>»'•» resisted. Including expenses..
• Z. ■ £—» Mm,r-m. -*+ Smm i %* Gro«s premiums. en Fire Risks run- .
'! O f^tEP l\ ftf r\ HOTELS O ning one year or less, J- ; re-
!j ft IT /* / ¥ £-/ jfr^ o insurance B0 per cent. Gross pre-
1. W SAN FRANCISCO W miums on Fire Risks running more
.j ** Connected by a covered passageway. *^ ance pro rata 549.287 7»
'' V 1400 Room-— 900 wi h Oath Attached. ° Gross premiums on Marine and In-
Mb All Under One Management. O g-Jj^S^ l^, £^l~
■i © NOTE THE PRICES : O Gross premiums on Marine Time
! O European Plan. SI.OO per day and upward O RlB - * : reinsurance 50 per
| U American Plan.?3.<M* per day and upward rt f*Kiti^"iind«r"Life"D«Dartment 4 BC2 SSO 82
P Correspondence Solicited. O Uablim under 4.5C2 SSO 82
II O JOHN 0. KIBIPATBICK. K»n&g«. O A » other demands against the Com-
oooooooo 0.0_0.0 p an y ■ 34T ' :98 **
I — — — Total Liabilities 318.373 47
• r Dk.PIERCE'S 1 N^r« h m^^^^.ffL^,i.mBoi a
, #~* '— g*T^ H gT^ H- Net Cash actually received for Ma-
! MC niril Received for Interest on Bonds and
MEDJCAL _ ' Mortgages
S~fckES jKj?. v /tf*^P^/S_'Fns^v/ ' Received for Interest and dividends
_ _>f€ **"«_.• H^r B"^ ir_ M on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from.
i * Bs *^yT.Tr all other sources 252.544 0*
FOR THE Received for Rents 41.963 19
BBLOOO,?_BVER,L3JrMGS; Received from all other sources 1.001.880 it
: | ~ : | Total Income .12,677.435 ?2
>-4^___^&-»JI Pi ** v * aon-pottouoß, EXPENDITURE?.
W^THF?^ r'u^% n f ° r O ° nOrr >! lalV j Net «mount Dald for Fire Losses
JmW 'JCBES^Si Gleet. Spermatorrhoea, including t . losses of pre-
ffl^ulioia»n.« Whites, an natural lia. v \cuV v»ars J370 655 44
ffi£ gMg "B «»m or any inflamm* N e °rm. v*- raid for Marine Lo^es '
j_^JPMTeau eoaugton. tion of mucom mem- 'includlr.K * .i° -<?s °-
tS|rHtE«AM3CHEMiP»ino. •>«!!«. Non-Mtringeat. | D1 0 d v e s nd rto S^khoiaV™:"""*"":::
ygS^CINCISHATI.O ESll a " Jld a > l>mirgi»tjk, | paid nr allowed for Commission or
'^SkHL. U. -. a 3a ' r sent in pUin wrapper, Brokerage ■ 471.474 13
•it^SSiitaifc^ J»<!si''Sy ''7 espresa. Drcpairi, fo« Pa! 1 for Salad's. Fees ar.d ether
< v9ffi__BfiK£* 3 B Ji- 00 * or 3 bottloß, n.7X rharxes for officers, clerks, etc.... 132,752 SI
- — — *ji||Hmil l y ■ CUtcoj—- Mat Ok ruiri^ I p id for State, National and local
— — faxes..... •• 17,187 (A
RPTTQHFQ ™ R barbers, bak- au other payments and gxpendltur " 1 - SO7 - 050 s ;
JDX IU OilX_O crs - bootblacks, bath- Total Expenditures 12.. 149 99
> . .f-.. ,:v v, nouses, billiard tablet =
' brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery] Fire.
' dyer» flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper- Losses Incurred during the year $570,685 44
: Hangers, printers painters. sho« factories. I •JTsTsTnT^em^,. t Flre Rl.k.. ;^^Tu^"
•tablemen. tar-roAf--,. tenners tailor, .to? Rlsks and Premlams - t' 're Risks. [Premiums.
BUCHANAN BROS.. r— ~_ t nt R! , k , ~ ~
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St. *£,$£ ° U during the
~~~ ~ year : ' J391.390.452 $2, 035. 482 81
->^ _. _:.' ' - - ■ " Net amount of Risks
JT Wk J'r.lifibhOll^STllSnPnsarV expired during: the
M m. ,..,- 3i^I»|JCUSdIJ, yea r I 173.453.0« l 842.23105
ffift_ara_l "-'>KEAR.\TST. EsUb!ish»-d Net amount in force;
ff ll_Bl ln ' ISS4 f °rthe treatment of Private December 31. ism ! .196.831,322 j 1.095.336 SS
K&dsMl±l&a Wse^S"".— wtilaiihiHxl. Debility or " --_ ..Pre^denT •
«W?s^a -'•<'» Diseases. The docWcureswh-n wj KRN?T BRING. Secretary.
m^iofali Trr him Charges low Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
• --- i | nun linn i i|. Callorwrile. day of April. 1*53.
0r. ,». »■- UIBBU.II. Box 1957. San Francisco GUDM. AKERMARK, Notary Public
y^r^^^STßGN^&CO^fX EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
£"> "PiV" = M"^N"f"S I CENEttAL ACENTM,
E c^aar .fv■ " — -■-^g?rt^/ 1-413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
1 MARKET ST. 5/. I .aa* >»^^ n^
56
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 22, 1899
• _^._jl _— _ — —
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. ,
PUBLICATION OFFICE. Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1838.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1174
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Elnele Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postaga:
DAILY CAT.I. (Including Sundßy»Call). one rear ?fI.OO ,
r>AI7.V CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 8.00
3DAILY CALL (incluJlnj Sunday. Call). 3 months. .... 1.50
r>AILY CALL— By Single Month .........' HtVo
SUNDAY CALL One Year............ *- 50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year I '°°
Ail postmasters are authorial to receive subscriptions.
can.;. •a copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTCN Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE t
PERRY LUKENS JR 20. Tribune Building
CHICAGO STANDS.
Bh«nnan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Ratal:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK' NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. BmCMO, (1 Union quart ;
Murray Hlil Hotel. ■
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Co-respondent.
CCANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 203 Hayes street. open untl!
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:39
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
-IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 220 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- >09<
Valencia street., open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, .open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
i-—' . ; i
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tlv>!i— "Lohengrin."
Columbia — "Marie Antoinette," Monday evening, Septem-
ber K.
Alcazar — "Too Much Johnson."
Gn.:;J Opera-h^usa — "The Drum- Major's Daughter."
Chutes, &>c and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
<
Olympla, corner Mason anJ Ellis streets — Specialties.
Sutro Baths — Swimming Kacee, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Circus— Sixteenth and Folsom streets. Saturday, Septem-
ber 23.
■.d Racftrnrk Rac< li .: ' y, September 23.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. Barth — This day at 2 o'clock, Chlnaware, etc.,
aX 414 McAHistor street.
THE DREYFUS FINALE.
PSIDENT LOUBET and his Ministry have
d on the line we indicated as probable
I by the pardon of Dreyfus have ended the
of the incident. To the general
of the civilized world the punishment of. the un
r, twice convicted on testimony that
• icient, was the revolting fea
ture of the tragedy. Caged on Devils Island or h
mured in a Corsica!. i Dreyfus appealed to I
infuriated imagination of many people?, lint pac
i. at liberty, reunited with his family,
he becomes the object of a less pitying personal in
terest, and France moves out of the fop US of furious
g which she occupied during the days that fol
lowed'the verdict at Kennes.
It is true that Dreyfus rests under the imputation
ly t honor, implied in military conviction
. but the world looks upon his pardon as a
vindication, since pardons in cn-c of undoubted trea
• .: ■ -t unknown. It is the highest crime
gnized by the state that can be committed againsf
d is lilted out of the rank of offenses committed
by individuals against each other. These the state
'. their punishment is often either com
muted or averted entirely by that means. But treason
i- against the state itself, aimed at its life, which in a
high sense is the life of all who exist under its sov
nty. When treason is proved beyond doubt, the
rarely arrests judgment. Now, in view of this
strict rule, and of the high necessity which enjoins it,
there is a feeling that conviction of the crime should
be upon trial in which the accused is given every op
portunity of defense, and in which the case' of the
state against him must rest upon direct evidence,
proving the overt act which constitutes the offense.
When the trial involves merely the charge against
him; and a vehement expression of the belief of wit
nesses that he is guilty., without proof of an act, and
me state is not required to prove his guilt but de
mands that he prove his innocence, a conviction loses
all moral force.
These features in the trial of Dreyfus fixed the -at
tention of the world, and outside of French army cir
cles there is no feeling that his conviction so pro
cured in any way tarnishes his honor.
A pardon, following conviction and sentence so
closely, greatly strengthens this confidence in his
military integrity and promotes the feeling that he was
selected as a victim, a scapegoat, for the offenses of
others.
His plaintive declaration, that liberty is to him
nothing without honor, strikes a sympathetic chord, I
but its vibrations are affected by the feeling that!
there rests but little stain upon that honor which he
■
The world must credit France and President
■ t with wisdom in making the best e^it from
an embarrassing situation, and to Dreyfus himself is
to be ascribed a high degree of patriotic discretion
when he declares that it is to his country and his
countrymen that he will' seek vindication that will
leave his name stainless:
The finale is satisfactory: it restores the good
feeling that for a few days was interrupted, and the
just mind will look upon France as a nation willing
to do its utmost to correct its errors and mistakes.
( )nly a small minority of Frenchmen chatter about
prestige being lost by doing right. There is no wide
difference between the rules of conduct required of
an individual and of a nation. There is no community
so sodden and sunk in grossness and brutality as to
withdraw its respect from a man brave enough to
acknowledge his error and correct it. The world
-.the tribute of its respect to a nation brave
enougii to do like wise.
Stockton has the fair crowd this week, and the ex
hibition both as to the show and as to the visitors
promises to be a record-breaker. The success of the
Ftn.te Fair has given a boom to all such expositions,
and all will profit by it.
The French music hall singer who has pursued Tim
Teffries across the ocean will probably give him more
trouble than forty Sharkeys, and what is worse, hi
can't cet'rid of her by making a match with her.
CONGRESS AND THE TAX-SHIRKERS.
SENATOR PERKINS and members of the
House of Representatives from this State have,
in response to an inquiry from The Call, de
clared themselves clearly and emphatically in favor of
so amending the war revenue law as to remove from
it any ambiguities by language which alford a pre
text for tax-shirking on the part of express compa
nies telegraph companies or other corporations.
The issue has been forced upon Congress by the
success with which such corporations as the \\ ell--
Fargo Company have shifted the burden of taxation
from themselves upon the public. The shirking has
been carried on persistently, notwithstanding the
plain intent of the law is that the companies shall
affix revenue stamps to receipts or bills of lading, and
notwithstanding the courts have repeatedly sustained
that intent.
In his reply to the inquiry of The Call Senator Per
kins said: "I know it was the intention of the Fi
nance Committee of the Senate that had the war
revenue bill before them for consideration,
a? well as the intention of the Senate
when the bill was passed, that the law should
apply to express and telegraph companies as
well as railroad, steamship and other transportation
companies giving receipts and bills of lading. There
fore if there is any ambiguity in the language of the
law which exempts express and telegraph companies
from paying their taxes. I shall consider it my duty
to vote for such an amendment as will remedy the
defect."
In that statement we hare an explicit 1 declaration
of the intent of the Senate in enacting the law and
an expressed doubt as to any ambiguity of the law.
As a matter of face it is not ambiguous. Any man
who reads it can understand the plain meaning that
express and telegraph companies should pay the
stamp taxes, and the coiirts have again and again de
clared that meaning. Still, the law is not enforced.
The express and telegraph companies continue to ex
tort the tax from the public and to set at defiance the
intent of Congress, the indignation of the people and
the decisions of the court?.
What is required in a case of this kind is an act of
Congress imposing -a heavy penalty for tax-shirking
and providing for a speedy means of bringing all dis
puted questions of taxation to a final decision by the
Supreme Court. It is well remembered that when
the great corporatidns of the country wished a
prompt settlement of the disputed validity of the in
come tax they obtained it within a few months. They
obtained it Inf. ire the first installment of the tax was
collected. Now the country demands that when the
people de-ire a tax question settled they shall be able
to obtain the settlement as promptly as did the cor
porations in the income tax cases.
The shirking of the war taxe< by Wells- Fargo Com
pany began by an utter to The Call, and presumably
to other large patrons, that the company would con
nive at a system of cheating the Government It was
proposed that The Call send its packages to the ex
press company by the wagon-load, and the company
would receipt for the whole load as one package, thus
requiring but one stamp. . Beginning in that way by
an effort to promote frauds, the abuses of the cor
poration have been carried to such an extent they
have now become a public scandal, rejecting dis
credit upon the Government itself.
The war revenue law will be revised at the next
session of Congress. That much is certain. It re
main^ to lie seen whether in the revision the shirking
corporations will have the power to still further de
feat the ends of law and justice. The California dele
gation we are now assured will stand firmly for the
people. So far as this State is concerned the issue
against the extortionate companies has been w<ui.
and there is every reason to believe an overwhelming
majority <>; both houses will stand with us in the fight
that is to come.
"Fighting Bob" Evans will direct the policing of
the course over which the great international yacht
race will be sailed. If he needed. any assistance San
Francisco would gladly "find him the loan" of the
only Michael Joseph Conboy, with the certainty that
there would be two good policemen on duty at the
worst.
The love of aged John Nicholl of Oakland for Miss
Hodge of that same city appears, from all the testi
mony, to have died of heart failuVe. The breach of
promi-e suit Hint followed may be said to have car
ried unpleasantness in its wake.
SALISBURY'S RESPONSIBILITY.
WHILE Lord Salisbury, said the British dis
patches of yesterday, "is quietly at home at
■Hatfield Huu^e. Mr. Chamberlain is buried in
work at the Colonial Office, and ftouble forces at the
Royal Arsenal and the dockyards are straining every
nerve to equip and transport troops to the Cape."
In that .statement we have another evidence of the
extent to which the aged Premier of Great Britain
has surrendered the direction of the empire in the
crisis that confronts it to the aggressive and domi
neering Secretary of State for the Colonies. The
situation is not a good one for the empire, for, de
spite his defects and his age, Salisbury is a wi-er
an than Chamberlain, and could he rouse and
exert himself would be much better fitted to con
duct the controversy with the Boers to a peaceable
conclusion.
Some of the more eminent Englishmen in depart
ments of effort having no connection with politics
are aware of the danger which is threatened by Salis
bury's seeming retirement from control and have by
public appeals endeavored to rouse him to action.
In a notable letter Frederic Harrison warns him that
he will be held responsible for whatever consequences
follow. ".You are," he said, "the chief of the Govern
ment and the accepted head of the most powerful
party known to recent times. No other living states
man can pretend to such experience in international
affairs, nor does any other possess in so eminent a
the confidence of the nation. It seems an un
natural thing that our country should be on the verge
of a formidable war while you are more or less in the
background * * * It is not the business of the
Colonial Office Jo embark this empire in a foreign
war. It is no duty of the .Minister for the Colonies
to make war, nor to render war inevitable."
Having emphasized the responsibility of the Pre
mier in the crisis. Mr. Harrison goes on to point out
that Great Britain has no further claims upon the
Transvaal than those which have been conceded, and
that the recent demands of Chamberlain have been
sc aggressive as to virtually amount to war. In the
course of his appeal he says:
''Measured by the compromises with foreign na
tions which you may justly claim to have brought to
a successful issue, the* concessions already accepted
bj the republic are indeed decisive. From nine years
to seven years, from seven to five years, from one
demand of the UitJanders to another,, the Boers have
given way. They have already, conceded the whole
of the original demand made upon them, and have
even added mori And at every fresh occasion Sir
Alfred Milner is instructed to make further demands,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
i until throughout the Transvaal, and we may well add
at home, the impression prevails that it is not conces
■ sion of claims which is sought from the republic, but
i submission, humiliation, and loss of independence. Is
! this how negotiations have been carried on when you,
I my Lord, as head of the Foreign Office, have dealt
I with Russia, Turkey, France or the United States?
; This is not negotiation. It is war — war of naked
;'g»ressior. — war wherein the Boers will not yield
, without a desperate struggle and after bloody com
bats — a war which cannot be closed by a few vic
i tories nor the traces of it wiped out by a few prom-
I ises or proclamations — a war wherein many true and
! patriotic Englishmen devoutly trust that the Boers
| may not be ultimately crushed."
Salisbury is old and well nigh exhausted, but he
c;ui hardly be indifferent to such appeals if he be not
wholly incapacitated for his high office. He has been
all his life an advocate of peace, and his proudest
'<■ boasts have been in the diplomatic skill with which
he has avoided war. He may yet exert himself to
stay the aggressions of the ambitious Chamberlain,
and it is in that hope the conservative element and
juster portion of the British public are now watching
to hear of his return to London and active resump
tion of the duties of his office.
It is asserted that in his appeal to Victoria for a
1 peaceable settlement of the controversy between her
■ Government and his own President Kruger ad
: dressed her Majesty as "Dear Queen," and if the
i story be true it is but another proof that the stern.
I resolute old Boer cares little for the formalities of
i etiquette in diplomacy, and is mainly concerned
; about saying the right thing and having it understood
; by the right person.
i ■
SOME time ago a paper read before a Farmers'
Institute at Princeton contained the statement
that the number of chickens marketed in the
United States last year amounted to 3,350.000,000, and
lof eggs 13,000,000,000. The total value of chickens
and eggs produced was $290,000,000.
By way of showing the comparative importance of
the poultry industry it was further stated that the
value of our tobacco crop has rarely been as much as
$43,000,000. The value of our potato crop is less than
<50.000.000 on the average. The value of our barley
crop is not often as much as $30,000,000. An oat crop
worth $200,000,000 is unusual. Our annual output of
pigiron has rarely exceeded $130,000,000 in value.
Coal, by far the most valuable of our mineral prod
ucts, gives a total annual output of some $200,000,000.
While the authority for the high estimate of the
value of the poultry product was not given, the publi
cation of the figures directed a good deal of attention
to the subject. A careful study of the poultry business
in .Missouri by a writer for the St. Louis Globe-
Democrat shows such a production in that State as
to justify the large valuation put upon, the output of
the whole country. It is stated the poultry shipped
and sold in Missouri last year amounted to over
70,000,000 pounds. It realized the producers at first
price $4,000,000. The eggs shipped were 3.3.935.0°°
dozens, and they brought to the people who gathered
thorn from the nests $3,393,000. Poultry and eggs to
gether yielded to the farmers of Missouri, after their
own tables had been supplied, $8,298,000.
The writer notes that the two great items of live
tock production in Missouri last year, cattle and hogs,
yielded", respectively. $34,000,000 and $36,000,000 each,
only about four times what the poultry did. And
they consumed the corn crop of 190,000,000 bushels.
and kept a considerable proportion of the farmers of
the State doing chores from daylight to dark all
winter.
A curious fact is disclosed in the statement that in
the egg trade a broken egg is not lost to the market.
When in the course of the packing at the large houses
an egg is broken it is frozen and offered for sale in
that way. The writer says: "Frozen eggs in great
masses are not bad to look upon. They are not al
lowed to thaw until the time comes for use. Tiny
are shipped in refrigerated cars, and such consign
ments as go to Alaska for the gold regions are put
into cold storage on board of the steamships. The
Klondike demand does not begin to take all of the
frozen eggs. Missouri alone furnishes millions of
cracked eggs in the course of a year. Nine eggs will
average a pound. The frozen egg product is sold by
weight. With the large bakers and cracker makers
in the cities the frozen eggs are in demand. Some
restaurants also buy the big tin buckets of the frozen
article. Certain classes of restaurants serve scrambled
eggs and omelets in winter made from the frozen
. and patrons are none the wiser."
Poultry production is one of the few rural indus
tries of which California cannot boast a superiority
j over her sister States. So far from having egg-; to
! sell we are importers of eggs and not infrequently of
poultry. The amount of profit revealed by the statis
tics quoted shows it would be worth our while to give
more attention to the hen. She is something of a
bonanza, and doesn't cackle any more than she has a
right to.
Some notable instances lately have shown that
water is one of the most important factors in modern
warfare. The Boers are only waiting until it descends
I in the form of rain on the veldt until they begin hos
; tile operations against Great Britain; General Otis will
• not move against the Filipinos until it quits raining;
and the firemen of Paris have just shown what a pow
erful agent it was in reducing Fort Chabrol. Guerin
no sooner saw the hose turned in his direction than
he quit.
The latest speculator on the future of England pre
dicts that after the Paris exposition is over France
and Germany will unite in an alliance for promoting
: expansion, the Germans to annex Holland and her
j colonies while the French will annex Belgium and
the Congo country in Africa. Great Britain and
Russia are expected to remain passive while the
spoliation is going on for fear of one another.
The first jury summoned to assist the provisional
court in Porto Rico has won the thanks of the Judge
by convicting the defendant in the case, and it is now
• probable a good many of the honest natives will be
lieve that juries arc called just for the purpose of con
victing, and will deem it a matter of etiquette to return
a verdict of guilty every time.
The Klondike gold yield for the year is now esti
mated at about $8,000,000, which is fully a third less
than that of last year. The big developments that
were expected have not been realized and it looks
as if the country would have to diversify its indus
tries or lose nearly all of its present population.
The assertion of Dreyfus that he will demand a re
hearing of his case is but natural under the circum
stances, but it is to be hoped he will have a second
thought and think differently. The world has had as
much of the case as it cares for.
Since the sentiment of humanity has done so much
for Dreyfus it ought to be able to accomplish some
thing to stay the hand of Britain against the Boers,
and incidentally, too, for the Filipinos:
THE HEN AS A EONANZA.
FAMOUS " BLIND ADDRESS " READER
OF THE POSTOFFICE IS DEAD
WW, STONK, known throughout the United States as the "blind ad
dress" reader of the city Postofflce, died at his home, 502 Jefferson
avenue, Brooklyn, yesterday from heart failure. His success in sup
_ plying deficiencies in addresses was wonderful. His memory was re
' markable. Given the name of a small country postofflce in the United
States, he could name the State in which it was located or how many of a similar
name there were in the United States.
During his long service in the city Postoffice he became an expert in decipher
ing handwriting- which to others would have been illegible. Owing to this pro
ficiency he was promoted to be chief clerk in the office of "directory searches."
He v/as originally appointed to a clerkship in the Postoffice on June 13, ]>."5, and
servt-d continuously up to the time of his death.
Mr. Stone first began the study of deciphering bad addresses while a general
clerk. He carefully compiled a manuscript book of the names of all the streets
in the United States. He was several years in completing this volume. The
number? of the houses on the streets were indicated. The book was recognized
by the General Postoffice Department in ISBO and copies sent to all Postmasters.
This is an instance of how hi.s system worked: A letter was received from
Roumania addressed "Miss Maria Bellew, 10 Alphonso street, America.*' By re
ferring to his handbook Mr. Stone found that in the United States there were
two Alphonso struts, one in Oharlottesville, Va., the other in Providence, R. I.
He found, however, that the streets in Charlottesville, Va.. were not numbered,
but there was a No. 10 in Providence. The letter was sent there and it proved to
be the right address.
Some of the addresses submitted to him were worse than the Navy Depart
ment's cipher code. It is asserted by .iis fellow employes that out of 100 letters
supposed to bear illegible addresses, Mr. Stone could correctly readdress 95.
There is only one other clerk In the office who can carry on the work, O. G.
Manger, who will doubtless succeed Jiir. Stone as chief clerk. He has been In
the department for fifteen years and has been a close student of Mr. Stone's sys
tem. Mr. Stone was 66 years of age.
Jend Our Billy Jfome.
A Georgia citizen who has a son fight-
Ing in the Philippines has addressed the
following rhimed note to General Otis:
"Glnrul Otis,
Please take notice-
Yonder, 'crost the foam,.
We need field hands
In these here lands —
Wti're wantin' Billy home. ,
. "He's fit an' fou't ,» •■•
Fer nigh about
Six months thar, 'crost the roam.
We jest won't mention
Any pension
If you'll send Billy home."
Frank L. Stanton in the Atlanta Consti
tution. _____^______
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. C. Dlxon, a merchant of Dixon, is a
guest at the < Srand.
Count Hoofte la registered at the Palace
from Washington, D. C.
Timothy Lee. ex-Inspector of Police of
lone, is a guest at the Lick.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. is in the city,
and is among the guests at the Palace.
W. R. Caruthers, a leading business man
of Santa Rosa, is registered at the Lick.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker, is at
the Palace accompanied by his wife and
son.
F. H. Sefavor, U. S. N.. is at the Occi
dental with his wife. They arrived yes
terday. —
John F. Carrere of the Board of In
sanity Commissioners was a recent ar
rival at the California.
R. Sir rind Mr. and Mrs. P. ITrroult. a
party of travelers from Paris, are
registered at the Occidental.
D. R. Cameron, an oil man and capital
ist of Hanford, arrived in the city yes
terday and went to the Lick.
M. BigKS Jr., a big rancher and capital
ist of Orovillo, is staying at the Gran -
while on a visit of pleasure to the city.
J. S. White and S. C. Griffith, two lucky
mining men of Anvil City, Alaska, were
among the arrivals at the Grand yester
day.
F. S. Cooley has come up to the city
from his homo in Menlo Park and • is
staying at the Occidental. He is accom-
I panied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Williams have
come up from theft- Santa burhara home
1 and arc at the Palace, where they will
remain for a short time.
F.x-Senator Stephen M. White is con
lined to hla bed in his apartments at the
Palace, suffering from a slight Indisposi
tion, which a few days of rest and care
ful attention will cure.
James B. Ferguson, the well-known
j horseman of Kentucky, arrived on the
! delayed overland last night from New
> ( .rk and went to the Palace. He will act
as starter for the California Jockey Club
at its meeting this fall.
Dr. George B. Somers, who is con
-11. < ted with the faculty of Cooper Medi
cal College, will leave on the Saturday
night overland for an extended trip
abroad. En route he will visit the Johns
Hopkins University and observe the
: Burgical work performed there by the
celebrated Dr. Kelly of that institution.
While in Europe he will visit Paris, Ber
lin and Vienna, spending the greater part
! of his time at the latter place.
Gruff voices
were heard in
the little back
room attached to
the bar when the
gentleman who
attends to those
consumed by an
afternoon thirst
4.5, ■ «1
t *
gold bricks:
ON •
THE YUKON.
4<S> :*f
came on to take his watch.
"Ancient Mariners got 'round again"?
jhe inquired as he slowly adjusted his
apron and selected a pink to ornament his
button hole, from the floral piece that
adorned the center of the polished mahog
j any.
"Yes," said his partner, lighting a cigar
ette as he moved toward the door"*on his
way to take a few hours' vacation along
I the pave, "they are back again. There
I goes the bell, you'd better see what they
I want."
Teddy entered the little room and was
hailed with a shout of delight by the
old tars, who had not seen him for some
time and who had passed many a mid
watch dreaming of the day they should j
reach port and again tasta the toddies
for which he is famous.
■■Just bring us a bowl of the regular
dip, Teddy," said McGregor as soon as the
salutations had quieted a bit. "Leave it
on the table and we'll do the rest. Old
Garron here has, already, about as much
as he can stand: but that makes no dif
ference. It's our first day ashore and we
want no water ballast until we haul out
again for Sound ports and orders."
The barkeeper departed and McGregor
continued with the story which the in
terruption had caused him to break off
for a minute.
"Well, when we reached St. Michaels
I was told by the agent that it would be
a full two months before I would receive '
my return cargo of missionaries and other !
unfortunate creatures, so, leaving the old i
hooker in charge of the mate I took a {
run up the river. Of course there are j
all sorts and conditions of people along |
the Yukon and they have all sorts of ma
chines rigged up to get the bone out of
I the fish when once they get it alongside,
but the best of the lot was the old woman |
at Circle City of whom I was speaking.
"She was a funny old craft with plenty
of beam, a blunt forefoot and a heavy j
square prow, but she had the finest bit j
|of top hamper that ever rested aloft. She i
j had been In 'as many different trades as ;
| a Dutch brig and when I saw her she ■
i was playing a piano In an all-night dance I
THE SECRET SOCIETY
That incited the insurrection in the
Philippines — Its inside history and
secrets revealed.
THE WOMEN oTthTdREYFUS CASE,
Who they are and the parts they
played.
FOUR DAYS OnTpTIOT-BOAT,
The exciting life of the hardy men
who guide ships into our harbor.
FATHER MINioIT
The soldier-priest.
THE INDIAN
Who claims Lake Tahoe as his
heritage.
STORY OF THE OLDEST TUGBOAT
On the Pacific Coast
THRILLING EXPERIENCES
Of an Irish regiment in a thunder,
storm One of the most remark-
able incidents recorded in the
English War Department.
THE WAR TELEGRAPHERS
Meet and swap stories.
STEPHEN THRILLING STORY
"Active Service.' 1 .
HOUSEKEEPERS 7 !™^ r (
And a host of interesting Features
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, /
hall. I believe her previous cruise had
been along the sinful shoals of that
border of our Eastern cities where she
had done much good by bringing the light
to the heathens of the New York tender
loin.
"From missionary to music-maker in a
dance hall is a long run, but she was aa
good at the one thing as the other. She
had saved her salary and bought a couple
of claims on which the taxes were due.
Time and again she had been notified by
the surveyor to settle and finally she was
informed "that she must either pay up
or lose her property. The day after re
ceiving this information she appeared at
the office and planked down a couple of
bags of dust, got her receipts and de
parted.
"Two days afterward she sold out her
claims and went down the river and out
of the country. A few days after her
departure the surveyor started to make
up his package of treasure to ship to tno
Btfftes. Among it was one of the old
lady's bags of dust. Something about the
weight attracted the surveyor's attention
and he examined it. It was merely com;
mon sand which the elderly female bifi. "
gilded by washing it in a solution of gilt
paint.
"That surveyor now has no use for
elderly females of uncertain pasts. But."
and the captain raised his glass, "I liked
her style, so, boys, here's to the first^ fe
male confidence artist of the Yukon."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE GREAT EASTERN— E. D. N.,
City. The Great Eastern left Southamp
ton on her first trip to New York on June
17, 1860, and reached the Empire City on
the 2Sth of the same month.
NAVAL, SCHOOL— M. G., City. For in
formation concerning the United States
Naval School address a communication to
"The commander of the United States
ship Pensacola, Yerba Buena Island, San
Francisco, Cal."
PHYSlClANS— Subscriber, City. In the
classified portion of the city directory, at
the end of the volume, you will find a list
of all physicians practicing in San Fran
cisco. There is no list "of authorized and
reputable physicians who are special
ists."
SMALL SUMS— Palace, Vallejo, Cal.
The simplest way to send small sums of
money to a foreign country, such as 10
cents or 15 cents, is to enclose that amount
in coin in a letter. United States stamps
cannot be used to prepay postage in a
foreign country.
HAY BOX— A correspondent has kindly
furnished the following in reply to a ques
tion in this department as to a hay box
used by people in Sweden for keeping food
warm:
"The hay box is an ordinary pine box,
any size from a cracker box up. It is
half filled with meadow hay, and a gunny
sack fijled with the same kind of hay is
at hanH. The utensil containing the food
it fe desired to keep warm or in a boiling
condition or otherwise, as the case may
be, is placed in the box of hay, in which
there has been made a depression to re
the utensil, so that it may be well
imbedded. The sack filled with hay is
then placed on top of the utensil, and that
is all there is to it. The food contained
in the utensil will remain in exactly the
condition that it was when placed
there as to heat, except that if boiling it
will continue to boil, and if left too long
Will be overdone, but it will never burn."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend'3. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Suit on a Patent.
Circuit Court by the National Cash Res
istor Company against "William Mohr
mann for an injunction and an account
ing as user of a device claimed to be
patented to the plaintiff.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part ot the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrdp, 2,'» c a bottle.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tnurist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. Thl«
car is nicely upholstered In leather and Is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect Pullman
sleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all potntfl
East. T. K. Stateler. Gen. Ait., 638 Market St..
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
September 29 to October 5 inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
inw rates. Occasion, corner-stone laying
Government building and fall festivities. Get
full particulars at 628 Market street.MISCELLANEOUS.
: : : h mi-nnnmininuM ■n-M-w-M-M-i-'M-M-M ii m
VX L/LXAa U wXvJXJL mental endowment that ',
A. enables its possessor to '.
"KNOW A GOOD THING WHEN HE SEES IT." It's a sort of :
extra sense— not exaot y "common sense," beoause it's rather ;
unoommon and so few persons . : ; ;
may really olaim it. If you are * L~^_ji a
not really sure that you've got • §St§§|j | f)
it here's a test: |i l§w
We offer you in the above No- fs^s^st^^^a^^^^^^*^
Name Sewing Mach :ne the best WEB _ ;.J|j*
machine that meohanioal skill SPjyST '_" m fa rjjiillßgja •
can produce. We use the. word |.|^2^ I|^^^/|^^^
BEST advisedly, beoause this V^t| '^^31
very machine sells for double | s^^
the Dries under another name; i^S^i^lj flp«
but YOU DON'T PAY FOR THE W^ sjlfi
NAME by buying thi3 maohine .js£§lj •
AT OUR STORES.
This machine tjas ball bear-
ings, rurjs as srt)oothly as a
bicycl t, and is not to be com- O O £?/"■" Guaranteed
pared With any Brass Rule" j &^<£mZJU for 10 Years.
$16 machine. ♦ "
WRITE PON ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET.
PATTOSIEN'S Sixteenth and :
JrATTUbllirt b Mission.
2-Acre Furniture Store, BRANC L T j h os a e terßldg ' :
STATEMENT OF GENERAL
MANAGER KRUTTSCHNITT
DENIAL THAT THE SOUTH r/RN
PACIFIC SYSTEM IS GUILTY
OF CBJQETKTAL PARSI
MONY.
Citation of Experience of Other Sys
tems of American Hallways — De
cline of Accidents on the Southern
Pacific System, for the Past Eight
een Months.
The general manager of the Southern
Pacific system of railroads addresses
the public In the following star- i
of facts relating to th* mai -
Southern Pacific Company's
Recent articles in the daily papers
about accidents on the Southern Pa
cific lines are so unjust to Us c-rfloers
and employes and so inaccurate as to
: t some official statement seems
due the public in order that an impar
tial - ■ may be formed.
Charges under the following head
ings have been ma.-
1. The system of train opera
defective and the r- - . ties placed
; yes by t: - era Pacific
greater than those placed
-
The Southern Pacific Company is run
ning- its trains under the American
Railway Association standard code of
train ruies in us? en all th« important ;
systems in the United States. They j
embody the experience of tiie best tal
ent in railroad operating departments:
A management would be justly subject
to severe criticism for not using them.
The duties and responsibilities of train
men on Southern Pacific lines are no
greater and no less than those of the
trainmen of the Pennsylvania. New
York Central or Baltimore and Ohio.
2. Employes are discharged only when
accidents happen; no notice is taken
•when accidents do not occur, justifying
the Inference that discipline is lax.
It is true that employes are not dis
charged for every offense they commit.
There is no precedent in any code of
laws for inflicting- capital punishment
for all offenses. Discipline is rigidly
enforced according to a system that is
now in operation on most of the best
managed systems in America. Author
ities agree* that perfect discipline con
sists In noticing all shortcomings and
Inflicting adequate punishment, seeking
the general improvement of the men
and not their dismissal, which is re-
Eorted to in extreme cases only. It is
believed that the company has as faith
ful careful and efficient en as any
Eystem in the United States, and it is
unjust to brand them as Inefficient and
careless because a very small percent
age have recently, through their negli
gence, caused losses of life and prop
erty.
3. On great Eastern lines negligence
has bsen very nearly eliminated, and
one rarely hears of smashups on the
New York Central and Pennsylvania
Central lines, although each carries
twenty trains where the Southern Pa
cific carries one. etc.
The Southern Pacific does not fear
comparison with any other large sys
tem in the United States. The above
named great Eastern lines have not
eliminated accidents, although they
have double and even quadruple main
line tracks and block signals. The lists
of serious accidents reported monthly
In the technical papers show that, for
the last eight months and a half for
•which reports are available, the Penn
sylvania had thirty-three and th- New-
York Central twenty-one serious acci
dents. The Journal reporting these
wrecks details the serious ones only,
which amount to about one-fourth of
tt* total. As every accident, no mat
ter how trivial, that occurs on the
Southern Pacific line Is magnified out
of til proportion, the above figures
shou d be multiplied by about four for
comparative purposes. These lines do
not r..n twenty trains to the Southern
Pacific's one. The annual train mileage
of the Southern Pacific is exactly the
same at that of the New York Central,
and on!;- 39 per cent less than that of
the Pennsylvania, instead of one-twen
tieth as much as stated. It will occur
to a fair-ninded person that it 16 nat
ural they should not hear of smashups
In th- Sta-.es of New York and Penn
sylvania, s-ime three thousand miles
distant, an. it is also quite probable
that the Pennsylvania and New York
dailies do net give the prominence to
Southern Padflc accidents that is given
them by the tan Francisco press.
4 "Th«; indi-tment of the Southern
Pacific rests oi a criminal parsimony:
the road alway< runs short-handed."
It is net true that the Southern Pa
cific runs short-ianded; to confirm this
it is • •■■ mate th..t the Interstate Com
merce Commissions "Statistics of Rail
ways" are within reach of the public,
and those interest*.-} can verify the cor
rectness of this statement. The "Sta
tistics of Railways- for 1?99 shows, for
alllines west of th. Mississippi River,
as follows:
Number of Em-
Interstate Commerce ployes per
Groups. ; Mile of Railroad.
Group VII — Incladlr^ Burlington
Route. Union Pacific Railway, part
of Northern Pacific, Great North
ern and Northwester) system 2.37
Group X— lncluding Sana Fe Pacific.
Southern California vest^rn part
of Great Northern aid Northern
Pacific. O. R. and T .. Cregon Short
Line Rio Grande Wes^m, South
ern Pacific and all CabTornla rail
roads ; 2.37
Group Vlll— lncluding Atthlson, To- . ]
and Santa Fe, Rock Island
road, Denver and Rio Grande axid
Missouri Paciflc roads J.OS
I ng Texas ar.d Pa
cific, rado and Santa Fe;
M , X ar.d T. : G. H. and S. A.; San
Antonio a::d Aransas Pass, etc 3.34
Average for above groups west of
Mississippi River 2.S
The Southern Pacific Company has in
mploy per mile of line ope
rated 3.9
Or more than the highest group and
one-third more than the average.
5. It is specifically stated <->f the wreck
[at Newman that it "was caused from
the fact that the engineer of the teach
■ ers' special was asieep at his post, ab
solutely unable to held up bia head by
reason of the fact that he was over
worked. • * " There is only one
: theory that will account for nearly a
[ acore cf accidents that have occurred
along the line of the Southern Pacific
during the present year. * • • It is
that the policy of retrenchment In
augurated by the Southern Pacific
Company at the beginning of the year
is responsible for all the accidents in
that it compels engineers, firemen and
trainmen to work when they are nearly
dropping on their feet for want of
sleep, while it has cut down the force
of track-walkers to the danger point."
It is not true that a policy of re
trenchment -was Inaugurated at the be
r.g of the year; indeed, it is but
a short while since the management
■ -itieized in the press be
taust the expenses of the fiscal year
which closed on June 30 fwhlch em
braces the flrst six months of this
calendar year during- which the alleged
policy of retrenchment was inaugu
rated) were very gher than
md 11 - -ted this had caused
great dissatisfaction among the stock
.<=. Trainmen are r.<n paid by a
c day which can be stretched out
..1 to effect economies, but are paid
• .- basis of miles or hours run. and.
putting aside ail feelings of humanity
or consideration foi its employes on the
part of the management, there is no
tive f ■er -.rising the
the company cannot save one
r thereby. The accident at New
man was caused by an employe who
had been on duty only four hours after
having been off duty at a terminal sta
twelve h"'irs and thirty minutes.
His own statement as to acknowledg
ing signals, which is corroborated by
the testimony of nine other men. proves
conclusively that he was certainly not
•~p.
As no serious accident has be«>n
caused by defect? it is not
: what is meant by the statement
that track-walkers force has been cut
to the danger point. Ther* is not
a foot of track orer which trains are
operated on the err ' the
company's system that* is not daily
properly and carefu "cd.
6. The statement is mad" a? to the
Farr, k that the engineer
up his life at his post "f duty
was drunk, that the equipment dam
aged in the wreck was poor and the
.- - car sills had been splic^i.
- • to warrant
the charsr-' of drunkenness -igainst the
deaii - • found. The no
bility and self- I of (he iast act
of his life should ted him
from such a charge unless well f i
cd. Th c at the si] -
the coach was unfounded also, as not
a sill in the car was broken. It was
-■- for any one to s»e th^m, as
th^y were covered and none of the
covering was torn off in the accident.
It is a fact often noticed that acci
t dents seem to occur in cycles. A num
ber will occur close together and com
i paratively long periods of immunity
' will thereafter be enjoyed. Systems of
! discipline or methods of management
. cannot fairly be Judged by a small
; number of cases. Judgment should be
: predicated on statistics covering a rea
; sonably long period of time. Although
' it is customary to refer in a very flip
i pant way to the little concern given by
railroad managers to accidents. It
i should be remembered that they are re
! sponsible to the owners of the proper
i ties, and motives of self-interest, if no
! higher ones, force them' to take cog
: nizance of each and every accident that
i happens. The Interstate Commerce
i Commission requires reports of all ac
j cidents occurring on the roads of the
, United States, and we have a basis for
■ comparing the safety of operation and,
! Incidentally, the efficiency of discipline,
j on the Southern Pacific lines with a"ll
! lines of the United States. The reports
■ of the Interstate Commerce Commis
| sion furnish data which show that a
; passenger would have to travel about
j 181,000.000 miles over the roads of the
1 United States generally before being
: killed in a train accident, and that he
i would have to travel 10,420.000 miles be
; fore being injured in a train accident.
• Similar data covering the operations of
; all the Southern Pacific lines show that
! during- the eighteen months ending
'•■ June 30, 1599, although 32,322,000 pas
| sengers were carried an average dis-
I tance of thirty-one miles each — equiva
! lent to. the Journey of a single pas
! senger of 1,000,000,000 miles — not one
! was killed in a train accident, and. be
j fore being injured In an accident, a
1 passenger would have to travel the
! average distance given below:
During six months ending June 30,
18SS, 16,290.000 miles.
During six months ending December
31. IS9S, 20,230,000 miles.
During six months ending June 30.
1839. 65.283.000 miles.
From the above the public can Judge
whether a system of discipline and
methods of management that have
shown a steady -Increase In the safety
of travel for three periods of six months
each is Inherently bad, as it has been
recently represented to be.
J. KRUTTBCHNTTT,
Fourth Vice President and General
.Manager.. ........ ... - .... .. ... . .;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1899.
SAVERS' CONFERENCE
CONCLUDES ITS WORK
Resolutions Adopted Recommend
ing Legislation in Various States
fop-Proper Control and Reg
. ulation of Corporations.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— After two days
of speech-making the Governors. At
torneys General and other statesmen
who have been holding a conference
here by Invitation of Governor Savers
of Texas adopted a resolution outlining
the legislation needed to control the so
called trusts and combines and ad
journed Bine die. The resolutions em
bodied were agreed to after a long ses
sion of the committee. So widely di
vergent were the views presented for
Its consideration that It was after mid
night when the committee was able to
arrive at any conclusion. The whole
matter was then referred to a sub-com
mittee, composed of Governor McMlllin
of Tennessee and Attorneys General
fmith of Texas and Campbell of Colo
rado, to put into proper shape. The
conference was to have met at 9 o'clock,
but it was noon before It got down to
business, as the committee on resolu
tions was not ready to report until
then.
Governor McMillln. chairman of the
committee on resolutions, presented the
report of the committee as follows:
The committee on resolutions, to which
were referred several resolutions and
papers. In lieu of all of them submits the
following, with the recommendation that
tt be accepted by this conference:
That we believe the best present avail
able remedies lie along the following lines:
1. The enactment and enforcement by
the several States and the nation of legis
lation that shali adequately and fully
define as crimes any attempted monopo
lization or restraint of trade in any line of
, Industrial activity, with provisions for
adequate punishment, both of the indi
vidual or the corporation that shall be
found guilty thereof, punishment to the
corporation to the extent of dissolution.
2. The enactment by each of the States
of the Union of legislation for the ade
quate and proper control and regulation
of corporations chartered by that State,
and we recommend as efficacious a system
of reports to and examination by State
authority of the corporations organized
under Its laws, to the end that they be
brought to a fair observance of the laws
which they are created.
3. The enactment by each State of laws
that will prevent the entrance of any for
eign-created corporation into its limits for
any other purpose than Interstate com
merce except on terms that will put the
forelgf -created corporation on a basis of
equality with the domestic-created cor
poration of the State entered, and subject
to the same laws, rules and regulations of
the State that It enters, which are applic
able to the domestic corporations of that
Stat* and to this end we reccmmend
legislation that would make it mandatory
upon corporations seeking to engage in
business outside of the State of their crea
tion that they procure license* from the
foreign State as a condition precedent to
their entry Into such State: such license
to be granted on such terms and subject
to such restrictions as will place the cor
poration subject to the same control. In
spection, supervision and regulation as the
domestic corporation of that State, and
NEW HOME OF
ELKS DEDICATED
Los Angeies Thronged
With Members of
the Order.
.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 21.— Elks from i
i the British Columbia line to the Mexican
I border and from El Paso to the sea have
I possession of Los Angeles to-day and will
! retain control of the keys of the city the
rest of the week.
Several hundred of the antlered herd ar
rived to-day, the largest delegation com
! in? from San Diego with the famous City
; Guard Band.
The first of the pilgrims from abroad
to arrive was the northern delegation,
amalgamated into a single crowd. The
i contingent which embraced visitors from
| San Francisco, Stockton, Oakland, Sacra-
I mento, Fresno. San Luis Obispo and Port
i land Ore., arrived at the Arcade depot
•on the Owi this morning. There were two
i carloads of them. About 11 o'clock the
'■ San Diego herd arrived.
Representatives of the reception com- i
i mittee from the local lodge met the
■ travelers at the depot and escorted them
'to its quarters at the Hotel Xadeau.
; Most of th- visitors made their way to
'. the new quarters of "S3" which was thor
oughly inspected and was pronounced by
■ all to be a marvel of elegance and com
: fort.
All of the praise bestowed upon the new
: home of Los Angeles lodge was deserved. ;
. The handsome quarters were dedicated j
i to-night, the rooms being thronged until i
j a late hour. An interesting musical and ■
! literary programme was rendered and ;
i light refreshments were served during the
I £VPniTT.°
This afternoon an exciting baseball
I game was played between members of
; San Diego and Los Anseles lodges. The
I visitors put up an excellent game, but the
; local Elks won out by a score of 19 to 9.
i About 2500 people were In attendance.
The festivities will continue until Sat
urday. _______________
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Army Orders
and Pensions Granted.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.— J. J. Hobson
•was to-day appointed Postmaster at Car
mel. Monterey County, vice B. E. Calroon,
resigned; also W. H. Whybark at Knob,
Shasta County, vice G. M. Green, re
signed.
The postoffice at Pino Grande, El Do
rado Count:', will be discontinued after
September 30. Mall should be sent to
Plnrprvll'fl.
Army orders: Private John J. Beissell, i
Company 11. Twenty-eighth Infantry, is
transferred to the Eleventh Cavalry. He
will be sent to the Philippine Islands. By
direction of the Assistant Secretary of
War. Private Ross J. Barton, Company
H. Seventh Infantry, now at Fort Wayne,
is transferred to the hospital corps as a
private. He will be sent to Angel Island. I
Cal. Private Jesse J. Gardner, Company
B. Twenty-seventh Infantry. San Fran
; Cisco, having enlisted under false pre
' tences, will be discharged without honor
from the service of the United States by j
th« commanding officer of his station, j
Sergeant George Zenther and Private Wil
liam D. Cole. Battery O. Third Artillery*, j
Presidio of San Francisco, will remain at :
that station. First Lieutenant Hamilton i
A. Smith. Third Infantry, from recruiting !
duty will proceed to San Francisco and i
report in person to the commanding gen- I
eral. Department of California, for fur- |
; ther orders. Second Lieutenant Charles
E Kiibrurne Jr. will report in person to ;
the commanding general of the Depart
■ ment of California for assignment duty.
Recruit Frank A. Badora, Twelfth Infan
try. Presidio of San Francisco. Is dlo- \
charged from the service of the United i
States.
Pensions: California: Restoration and ''
supplemental— Joseph D. Conklln, dead.
Ventura. $2. Reissue— Abner Frazler, Sol- ,
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $S.
Every ticket sold guarantees a seat on
the Uklah excursion Sunday, September
24. Fare. J2. L«ave Tiburon terry at
S.CC a. m. • i
I subject to be revocable If th« conditions
thereof are violated.
! 1. The enactment of State legislation
! declaring that a corporation created in
j one State to do business exclusively In
j other States than where created shall be
I prohibited from admission into any State.
j This proposition ts supported by decisions
: of the Supreme Courts of several States,
but we believe it should become legisla
tive enactment uniform throughout the '<
States.
! o. That no corporation should be formed j
in whole or In part by another corpora- i
tlon.
6. That no corporation shall own or hold '
any stock in another corporation engaged '
in a similar or competitive business, and j
that no officer or director of a corpora- j
tlon shall be the officer or director or the ;
owner of stock in another corporation j
engaged in a similar competitive busi
ness, the object or result of which Is to !
create a trust or monopoly.
7. By recognizing that trusts are usual
ly composed of corporations, and that
corporations are but creatures of the law, '
and can only exist in the place of their j
creation, and cannot migrate to another ;
sovereignty without the consent of that i
sovereignty, and that this consent may i
be withheld when desired, we recommend j
as the sense of the conference that each S
State pass laws providing that no cor- {
poration which is a member of any pool j
or trust in that State or elsewhere can I
do business in that State.
Resolved. That it is the sense of this ;
conference that all the capital stock of !
private corporations should be fully paid,
either, first, in lawful money; or, second.
In property of the actual cash value of j
| the amount of capital stock; and that
i in all private corporations, with a capital
' stock Issued in excess of the amount aet
j ually paid up as above, provided, the
i shareholders shall be liable to the extent
! of twice the face value of the stock held
j by each.
Resolutions thanking: Governor Say-
I ers for his efforts in behalf of the con
i ference were adopted. Before declar
' ins the conference adjourned Governor
Sayers spoke briefly, saying in part:
Of course. It goes without saying that
i I feel very grateful to you not only for
! the manifestation of your recognition of
i the proper discharge of my duties as your
i presiding officer, but I want to express
; my sincere and earnest gratitude and ac
kr!i -Tv-lodgment, that upon the simple sug
gestion which I felt it my duty to make
to the Governors and Attorneys General
: of this Union, that twelve States re
i sponded. This has never before occurred
j in the history of our Government where
i-such questions as these were involved.
: I feel it to be my duty to say the idea
• of inviting the Governors and Attorneys
General was not original to myself, but
< one for which I feel responsible to the
j people of this country. Some criticism
has been made upon my action, not here.
but elsewhere, but I think you will bear
me witness that nothing has been done
i to influence your action here. I have had
i requests to communicate In a private way
' with certain persons, but I have said
nothing nor have I written anything upon
trusts, except an article In an August
magazine upon the laws of the Texas
slsture. Nothing has been done in
the darkness or in a corner, but every
thing with the light thrown upon it by
the newspapers of the land.
POPULAR EXCURSION
TO SANTA CRUZ
i . -
; Sunday. October I— Round-Trip Rate
Only $2.
At the urgent request of many of the
citizens of San Francisco the Southern
Pacific Company has decided to run
another excursion to Santa Cruz on
Sunday, October 1, under the personal
supervision of Mr. William H. Menton,
excursion passenger agent.
This excursion will positively be the !
last of the season and will afford a fine
opportunity for the public to visit the ■
beautiful city of Santa Cruz and spend ■
a very enjoyable day for the low figure !
of $2 00 for the round trip.
The citizens of Santa Cruz have ar
ranged an elaborate programme, con
sisting of music, swimming and boat
races.
Special train will leave foot of Mar- j
ket street at 7:45 a. m., and will return
to San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
Tickets will be on sale at the Grand i
Hotel ticket office, 613 Market street, {
from September 27 to 30 inclusive, and
at the ferry ticket office on the morning ;
of the excursion. '^-j:
w^ "*<■.•* Now is the time to make a
* r\*^ ; ;>%3 nange in the weight of you- £1
Pa f / ' ; 'i!kt3y md-rwear — especially with thi p
l*-Bfcn ; A^W wind and fog corning In at night get
5i3 V ;; <¥ ani m iking the weather wet and fcfi
K5 J X cold. Many a sickness can be £*$
M *J^>*>-» prevented through wearing
IS /^ '.^^^FcT^^^^^y prop*r underwear. p|
S ■ Our fall and winter line
P ■ of_ underwear has ar-
p^ ■ /^^^^T~"^i^^:i | '' :: -' : 'r-^^^^^ :^ rived. You will fin J over p
S /^^^- fittv kinds h;re at all P
Pi r^SbL i" iji l -' 'la^^'JfciH^Wfie^ital nrires We <;rirt the
vja I ~^^'"jf~\J\ 111, " ' ' — r:~ 4 "'">;;. v~^S*3r piltcs. tic aiart lIJC' J3
\rie!Ji^^^^v CJ: tll^2£^i^?'^^^ season off with the fol- H -
i^^ffm^' " ins: 1
p — r;'V';'; ' '^^E Worsted woo! underwe ar, un" §j
i^ '—- i»sA:;iUil : [t ; f"j^£ui!a shrinkable and form fitting, in M
M\ EL"EEH^y ' y££r~^ ? ra yi ecru au d blue, also gray M
L.^L!!^^^-—-^^ with blue or pink stripes; posi- j§| ■
0 ",i ■ l |'li''^(~*'^lL^^§ tively fast colors a worthy I ,
"I 3f Z»OO a suit. p
r ~^: — _ , Wright's Health Underwear— I
I . li_i;.'J| TT"^ a well-known brand, celebrated 1
'/* . h L "■■■ll T^^^ for its sanitary qualities. Fleec- p
':■-- fZZ.ZI£ '- Ing Insi Je is '.vov*n into the if
/■." I — -^^ r- fabric; wiil last as lon j as the
V g"',' jsj •;., garmsne; is soft to the boJy ; Wft
C 1 j-'faf f~ -.ij light blue, gray and tan ; neatly ;
gj Y-^zA ' — -^v. Z^m\ s « f a suit. IJ
I Js.N.WOOD&CO|
TRIPLE TRAGEDY
IN WALLA WALLA
O. B. Byland Annihilates
His Family.
JEALOUS OF HIS WIFE
WOUNDED WOMAN BATTLES UN
TIL EXHAUSTED.
After the Killing of His Wife and
Brother He Deliberately Blow*
Out His Own
Brains.
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
WALLA WALLA. Wash.. Sept. ZL— O.
B. Byland killed hia wife and his brother
I Grant and then committed suicide this
! afternoon. The tragedy occurred under
i the brow of the hill a few hundred yards
> from the State penitentiary. O. B. By
i land arrived here yesterday from Pome
| roy in search of his wife, who, at the
! instance of her mother. Mrs. Kilgore. de
' serted him. She came here several weeks
! ago, since which time she has been llv-
I ing with her mother and Grant Byland-, a
brother of O. B. Bylar.d.
The latter, through a fit of jealousy of
his wife and hatred for his mother-in
'■ law, determined to kill them all. He prg
cured a pistol and quietly stole to the
: house where his wife and brother were,
i Upon being refused entrance, he shot his
brother through the heart, and ha
dropped dead Just outside of the house.
Not finding Mrs. Kllgore. he turned on
his wife, whom he phased into a vacant
lot back of the house, and when a short
I distance behind her shot her in the back.
Although bleeding and weakened from
! the wound, she arose from the ground,
1 and a terrible struggle ensued between
; himself and wife. For several minutes
: they fought desperately, he shooting and
i striking, while she attempted to wrench
' the pistol from him. After becoming ex
hausted she again fell and the Infuriated
i husband ahot her in the face, mutilating
it beyond recognition.
He then lay down "beside his wife and
: shot himself, blowing the top of his head
off.
The bodies lay within a radius of
twenty feet from each other and pre
sented a terrible sight.
Byland and his wife lived at Pomeroy,
and from what can be learned they were
; favorably known in that locality.
A Coroner's Inquest will be held to
morrow morning. A long letter was found
' ; on Byland's body addressed to Coroner
' I Black. In part it says:
: "I got to kiss my wife for the last time,
: and now I am going to kill Grant By
i land and Mrs. Kilgore, and then I am
going to kill my wife, then kill myself
and put an end to us all. Frank Gustof
son of Pomeroy owes me about $40. Get
that to bury m.c and my darling wife.
So I will close. May the Lord God have
mercy on me."
MINING ENGINEERS
RECEIVED AT SPOKANE
Delegates to the Convention Enter
tained by the Chamber of
Commerce.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Sept. 21.— Forty
members of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers spent a day looking
over Spokane and left to-night on a spe
cial train for Portland. A number of
i ladies accompanied th.?m, and the party
numbers more than sixty. They are en
I route to San Francisco to attend the
I seventy-seventh session of the organiza
i tion.
They were met at the depot here by
' the Mayor and committees from the
Chamber of Commerce and Mining Ex
: change, given a trolley ride around the
town and dined at Natatorium Park-
BELIEVES THAT ANDREE
FOUND THE NORTH POLE
Dt. Eckholm Says the Buoy Found
Gives Evidence That the Pole
Was Passed.
STOCKHOLM. Sept. 21.— Dr. Eckholm.
~sor Nathorst and Captain Andree
..At the buoy marked "Andree
- expedition." found on September 9
on th* north coast of King Charles Isl
and by tho master of the Norwegian
cutter Marth Larsask. is one of those
which the aeronaut intended to throw
after the north pole was passed.
Examinations at Mare Island.
YALLEJO. Sept. 21.— The first examina
i tion under the new order for the ap
■ polntment of apprentices will b* h<>ld
■Monday. Within the next three months
Ithere will be six vacant places in the
Inavy yard. Twelve boys will be exam
lined a'r.-J the six highest will receive the
lappointments.
AD VERTISEMENTS.
A CARD TO THE PUBLIC.
In order to correct an erro-
neous impression which has
been created in the minds of
some of our patrons, we here-
by beg to state that this estab-
lishment is our only place of
business ; that we have no con-
nection, direct or indirect, with
any other retail store or estab-
lishment in this city or else-
where. Our only title and ad-
dress is
jj[w Murphy Building:, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister St 3,
SAN FRANCISCO.
I Will Give $1000
-^a&rfSK^. If I fail tO cure any
4SE&i^3Hisl3sfel C ANC E R or lumor l
IXW wßl^^V^. treat before it scat-
flsijr i£ssi±, tcrs or affects the
WM^ v\ ribs or other
; v 2E85 bones.
\ p**7*s23Jj||Mv /enc». 1000 cancers
V '*?^'^3 A now in my offices in
\ jr\ alcohol. Ladyattend-
_V. ,u^F L ant. Any hard
jmffi^^^f*"?' i^llfrk lump anywhere
lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
i If large always poison* the t-iands in armpit,
I when care is almost impossible.
BOOK SEfNT FREE . ■ ,
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write Hum.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. P.
SEND THIS to some one WITrT CANCER.
S b | £21 |k& tA Bs*j B ■ fStaJiQ
- V A fb* ;sf?» Mj Vf3J tsf M
I J visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
i Cjiß ian mint st. s«t. s.r.dL i
.fS^ The Lar^wt Anatomical Museum In the \
i jfcsirt^Tßtesfc. •* ci*nT-^c» or Any cenrt ictifi A
W Jgn dww n*-»UI«^ly cmrwJry th-cliicj£ ]f
9 / fjjn Si 1 SpeeUlist co tht Co»it. jt y-ar* 0
i AWr* OR- JWDAN-f SIYATE DISEASES 4
\ y^S^B CTHultition fre- lad <tr>t:y pr:vat; \
4 I jS«Tff "^ r * ttnie!l t personally or by letter. A M
fI7 O« P»* ftt« Curt in eTerycate undertaken. T
*rf iiir OR. JOT BAN-f 81VATE DISEASES 4
I 9r «l Putira Cure in every ate ar.drnnken. W
■' ' J» '■■;■.,..?  rilL««)l-aVifi
T" I j] • SI4RSIAGE, MAILED F.IE3. |Af
k Q y valuable boot for men) \
f PB^UKPAy^^CO^lOaptarket St., S. F. 9
gk%&SM& RUPTURE.
ttg^rT'"-^-'' JSt I USE NO MORE IROX
W*3<fihith '!il!t™*r Hoops or Steel Springs.
Jr^ li %£&<i3Nr~' Rupture retained with eas«
m^^wKo^*. ani3 comfort and thousands radi-
■ Jlli* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
/^HT Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICTCaII at
m^^r office or write for New Pamphlet
" ■-'; No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO M
C2O Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
REYNOLD'S
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the nrst approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy : Chen, • single dose is often sufficient.
V~ FOCGERA & CO., 2«.SOX. William St.V.J,
AMU 6E30133T5.
WALTER L .MAIN'S,
Circus.
GRAND
NIGHT PARADE
TONIGHT.
FIRST PERFORMANCE SATURDAY
(To-Moppow) at 2 o'clock.
PRICES i
General admission 50«
1 Children 25c :
Reserved seats 45c j
Chairs In grand stand Bt.(X> j
Seats In Vienna boxes — . $1.50
BALE NOW- ON AT WILL A FINCK'S.
. CONCEPTS AST) ASSORTS.
chutes zoo.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE. THE DANCING GIRL, AND HER ;
LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL:
HARMON AND SEABURT. World's Champion
Hlfh Divers.
SATURDAY g NIGHT - JEFFRIES-FITZ6IM-
MONS FIGHT.
Reproduced- by the 'Anlmatoscop«. - ■
BEE THE IS GIANT GALAPAGOS.
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
SllTirO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. 11. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10: JO P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, including admlssloa. 25; Children. .te. \
AMUSEMENTS.
COLORED CHAMPION
CAKEWALK
TO-NIGHT AT
MECHANICS' FAIR
AX THE PAVILION.
The match between John and Martha Stew-
art, the colored champions; Commodore Whit-
ing and lady of San Jose. George Stewart and
lady of San Francisco, Major Waters and lady
of Oakland and others; also the JUTenlle cake-
walk and the white society cakewalkers; the
greatest cakewallc carnival since the big in-
ternational one in the Pavilion.
In addition the BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG,
with military effects.
Miss Alice Raymond, the cornet soloist; Miss
Pearl Hlckman. Irish Ji*s and reels; Mas-
ter Harry Mangels and Etta Arons«n.
the pocket edition cakewalkers and dancer*,
and other rreat attractions. All of these feat-
ures will be seen free of extra admission
i charge on the big stage in the exhibition hall
to-night. To-morrow there will be children'
1 dances cakewalks. etc.. on the same stage.
This afternoon beautiful JAPANESE. CHI-
NESE AND FILIPINO SOUVENIR CUPS.
SAUCERS, etc.. will be given to LADIES
BUYING TICKETS AT BOX OFFICE.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON THE GREAT
CHINESE BABY SHOW.
Monday commences the amateur billiard
tournament.
, ADMISSION TO PAVILION X c«n»
EXTRA ANNOUNCEMENT
! To-night and every afternoon and night this
; week on the stage In the main hall there will
be given one of the most sensational and thrill-
ing circus acts ever seen In this country. Senor
Pablo Tlster In his great act "Cubo Filipino,"
' or the revolving human catapult, without extra
: charge. TTon't miss It.
Will be kept open until 11 o'clock to-
: night owing to the circus parade.
FREDERICK. HALLEN and
MOLLIE FULLER.
t BRIGHT BROTHERS.
« BTINSON and MERTON.
TERRY and .LAMBERT.
BACHELOR CLUB.
CHARLEY CASE.
CRAWFORD SISTERT.
! HUNGARIAN BOYB* MILITARY
BAND.
Parquet, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs and
Box Seats. uOa
MATINEES— Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:15.
NIGHTLY "PACKED TO THE DOORS.
The talk of the whole city. Nothing like It
witnessed in years.
—THIS EVENING
Offenbach's Irresistible Comic Opera,
THE -
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
: Behold the beautiful white and. silver march
of beautiful girls.
Near the glorious final* of the second act.
Don't miss the most charming entertainment
in the city.
i Usual Popular Prices 10c. 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c.
Best reserved seat Saturday Matinee, 25c
Branch ticket office. Emporium.
ALCAZAR™
I TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND- SUNDAY.
Last performances of the funniest comedy yet.
TOO MUCH . .
JOHNSON . . .
PRICES 15c 25c 35c, 59c
NEXT WEEK— "THE IDLER."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE GREAT TRIUMPH OF GRAND OPERA.
"LOHENGRIN."
Sung by Berthald. Mertens. Schuster, Pro«nit»
and Linck.
TO-NIGHT' TO-NIGHT' TO-NIGHTt
And Matinee Saturday at 2.
The Superb Success,
"OTHELLO."
With Avedano. Salassa. Anna Llchter. Char-
lotte Beckwith. etc.. Saturday and
Sunday Nights. .
POPULAR PRICES. 25 AND 50 CENTS.
. Telephone for seats. Duah 9. -_
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1399 -CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 21. 1199.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. - Rain or shina.
■ Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
11 30 1. 1:36. 2. 2:30 and 3 j.. m.. connecting
with' trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vie Ala-
meda Mole connect with San , Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track la fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4-15 p ra. and immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pr««ld«nt.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
78
ONE OF THE ATTRACTIVE FEATURES FOR THE
ODD FELLOWS' CELEBRATION NEXT MONTH
TEACHERS DENY
THAT THE LAW
REMOVES THEM
They Read the Code
to Bergerot.
Several of the most prominent and
popular educators in San Francisco's
school department were out yesterday
with a scalping knife and a brace of law
books apiece looking for President Berge
rot of the Board of Education, and his
authority for his statement that they
were holding their positions as teachers
in the high schools by false pretenses.
In announcing yesterday that the Board
of Education waa contemplating a re
grading of all the teachers in the de
partment, Mr. Bergerot took occasion to
say: "It has been discovered that there
are at least six teachers in the high
schools who hold only grammar grade
certificates. These credentials were
issued before life diplomas of the high
school grade were adopted and by some
are construed to < r.tit'e the holder to
teach in the BChools. There are also
many teachers in the grammar schools
who depend upon life diplomas on pri
mary certificates. The men- of the depart
ment demand that teachers have proper
diplomas, and a.s a consequence it Is
probable that we will huve to transfer
at least t^n teachers to positions to which
their credentials entitle them."
In other words Mr. Bergerot is of the
opinion that* life certificated granted
teachers under the old constitution! be
fore high school life diplomas were In
vogue, do not entitle their holders to life
certificates in the high schools of the
present day. In this belief Mr. Bergerot
is a pioneer. Ip to the present tlnv no
authority has agreed with him, or at
least has not had the hardihood to say
so. Even the several sections of the code
which regulate the matter do not bear
him out.
In the list of those whom he accuses
Of holding ["■- ' ■ Which they are
nol entitled are such Veterans in the de
partment as Mrs. Prag, Miss X. M.
Thompson, Miss Nellie Owens, Miss Caro
line Hunt, Miss Kate Elliot and other
of those women whose position;- In San
Francisco's schools were established be
fore Mr. Bergerot wns eligible as a po
litical possibility. It was Mrs. Prag who
led the little indignation meeting yester
day in the offices of Secretary Simpson
at the City Hall. None of the ladies who
w«Te jnts.iit was unable to understand
the evident animus of the president cif the
board, and they said 80, and finally
called him up by phone to ask him If he
vouched for the interview as quoted.
He replied that the proposition wjj.s ab
surd and that the positions of the
leachtis assembled could not be
questioned.
"I cannot understand it at all," said
Mrs. Prag. "Uur right to teach in the
high schools upon life certificates granted
under the old constitution has never
been questioned. The School Superin
tendents office ruled upon that question
In 1897 'that life diplomas Issued under
the old constitution are. in effect, hlgh-
Echool life diplomas, and the right of
teachers to teach In- high schools upon
them has never before been questioned.'
"Section 1754 of the Political Code says
practically the same thing, and section
1760 makes the further provision that
holders of diplomas from the State Nor
LADIES OF REBEKAH DRILL CORPS NO. 2.
mal School of that date are also eiiginie.
I, for one. have a Normal certificate, as
kt ll as my life certificate, and there are
others of us who have the same thing."
City and County Attorney Lane is pre
paring an opinion on the question which
he will submit at next Wedn< Bday's mpf-t
--ing of the board. What action is to re
sult will not develop until then.
The Finance Committee heiii a meeting
early yesterday afternoon to give some
further discussion to the question Of re
trenchment, and it was decided to scale
the employes in the repair and other de
partments down to the statutory posi
tions. Nine will be dropped from the re
pair department at once, and ten more
are to be cut off the payroll of the stores
department. It Is figured that by this re
duction a saving of $2000 monthly wi4l be
effected.
July and August claims to the amount
of $33,100 were brought before the com
mittee for passage, but Director Head
blocked matters by insisting that ' the
claims were contracted without author
ization by the board and should not be
paid. Further action along that line was
consequently dropped.
OTIS FAILS TO
BUY THEIR GUNS
»
Filipinos Refuse to Give
Up Arms for Cash
Consideration.
•
= r'f-lal Pisnnti-h to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL- ;
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Sept. 21.— Word reaches tho War De
partment that General Otis has sought
to imitate the policy employed in Cuba
—that of buying Filipino arms— and
that his efforts have bfen unsuccessful. |
The native uorf given to understand
that upon the surrender of a. gun the
military authorities would pay the per
ton surrendering it $40 and guarantee
his immunity from arrest for previous !
armed opposition to the United States
and protection for the future.
Notwithstanding this offer not one !
bona fide surrender of a gun is re
ported. One native, it is said, appeared j
with a gnn in his hand and the military |
officers began congratulating them- |
selves that the end was in sight and
that when the rest of Aguinaldo's
troops learned of the good treatment
given this man they would follow his
example. A requisition was made on
the treasury for |40, but before the
money was received inventigation un- '
covered the fact that the native was '
acting as an agent for an American i
Boldier, who had captured the gun in I
action and wanted to dispose of it at
Government figures) to the military au- i
thoritles.
In view of the disinclination of the
natives to sell their guns it is evident
that the revolution is not so much con- !
fined to upper ranks as has been be- !
lieved. Were the soldiers not in gym
pathy with th'Mr superior officers it is i
said by army officers that they would !
certainly have surrendered at least in i
small numbers, as they have ample op- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1599.
A VOCALIST
OF ABILITY
The musical and social cult of San
Francisco was well represented at the
concert of Miss Clara Knlisher which
took place at Sherman-Clay Hall last
evening. It is not so often that a VOCal
student returns to us after having stud
ied with a French teacher, and It was
quite Interesting to note the various
phases of the art ss emphasized by the
French method. We find above all a
faultless diction. Miss Kalisher pro
nouflces every • syllabi distinctly and
clearly. No matter in what language she
may sing her enunciation is always char
acteristic of a clear-cut pronunciation.
This is one great advantage to a vocalist. !
Another very important point that we
discover in the young lady's; recital is
exquisite phrasing. She understands re- j
markably well how to enhance the ro
mantic or dramatic character of her se
lections, and is careful to interpret as
much as possible the sentiment which the
composer and author intend to convey.
This is another sign of the refined artist.
Diction and technique may be taught,
but a natural taste for correct interpreta
tion must be inborn.
I would select as the gem of the even
ing the aria from "The Prophet." It in
was embodied the quintessence of dainty
coloring and a touch of colorature that
bespoke the artistic intelligence of the
Vocalist. While in the beginning Miss
Kalisher showed some si^ns of nervous
ness, such as little irregularities in the
lower register resembling a break, and
some heavy breathing here and there,
these results of stage-bright soon disap
peared, and when she arrived at the third
number the young lady had fully recov
ered. I then noticed a true contralto,
resonant and firm in the lower regist"r,
ringing and penetrating in the higher
passages. It is one of those firm voices
which are especially adapted for roman
tic music and which are so useful in
operatic work. Evidently Miss Kalisher
possesses a large circle of admirers, for
the floral tributes she received were as
magnificent as they were numerous.
Frank Coffin, whose snlendld lyric tenor
is so well known and liked on this coast
rendered a few selections by Sullivan and I
Gounod. He sings always with taste, and
as he Is about to leave for Europe, where
his voice will no doubt gain some more
body, it is safe to predict a prosperous
future for him. His farewell concert will j
surely be largely attended.
Dr.' H. J. Stewart played the accompa
niments superbly. He executed the same
with the skill of the experienced musical
savant. ALFRED METZGER.
■m ■ •
Injured by a Trolley. Car. I
Patrick J. Heeney. a dealer in hides
residing at 1414 Alabama Ptroet, while on
his way to his home last night with his
wagon, came in collision with car 1018 of
the Folsom-street line, at the Junction of
Twenty-sixth and Alabama streets. The
oar wiis on its way out the San Bruno
road at the time, and as it was dark
Hee&ey did not see the approaching
danger until it was too late t<> get out of
the way. The result was that the car
struck the wagon and threw Heeney out
injuring him severely. The injured man
was removed to the City and County Hos
pital, wheru it was found that he was
Buffering from a contusion of the head
and an abrasure on the nose and side of
the head.
He remained in an unconscious con
dition during the evening and showed
symptoms of being severely injured at
the base of the brain, hemorrhages
through the ears being present. The
wagon was completely wrecked.
BRAUNHART IS
NOW WAITING TO
KNOW HIS PATE
Judge Graham Will
Decide It Monday.
«
The case of Buggy Robe Braunhart,
charged with perjury, was left in the
hands of Judge Graham for decision yes
terday morning at the conclusion of two
solid hours of keen argument. Judge
Graham will announce his decision next
Monday morning.
Braunhart occupied a seat In front of
the prisoner's dock beside his attorney.
Garret McEnerney. He was nervous and
excited and the dire dread of the pos
sibility of being held to anower before a
higher court for the commission of his
alleged offense against the sacrednesa" of
the judicial oath stamped his features
with unmistakable signs of grave fear.
While Attorney McEnerney was making
an earnest plea In Braunhart's behalf
Sammy cracked several egotistical smiles.
When reference was made to his Sena
torial career by his own counsel Sammy's
chest swelled out so far that it would
have been no trick at all to break basalt
blocks on it. Sammy's airy bearing under
went a sad change when Attorney Frank
McGowan commenced to get into action.
Sammy made heroic efforts to bear up
under the trying ordeal, but when Sen
ator McGowan began to apply the. lash
unmercifully the Knight of the Buggy
Robe winced visibly and turned to his
counsel for consultation. Senator Mc-
Gowan pictured Braunhart as a scandal
monger who rolled everybody's reputation
under his glib tongue, a veritable wind
bag who would rather tear somebody's
character to pieces than do anything
else in the world. Senator McGowan por
trayed Sammy in ■ the role of a trouble
maker shambling along the streets from
one listener to anpther, breathing
slanders 'against- Senator Dunn's reputa
tion and then electing himself to go on
the witness stand In a libel suit and b.ear
alleged false testimony against Senator
Dunn's character, dragging into the case
the names of Senator Bart Burke and J.
F. McGovern, both of whom denied that
they ever said that Senator Dunn's repu
tation was bad or that they had ever dis
cussed Senator Dunn's reputation with
Braunhart. '
In arguing the case Senator McGowan
paid the defendant the . courtesy :of re
ferring to him as "my friend here."
"Not my friend," said Braunhart, as
imperiously as if he was Com Paul In
stead of a defendant being tried for one
of the most revolting offenses on all the
black catalogue of crime.
"Thanks," retorted McGowan In a sat
isfied fashion: "I would feel humiliated
if I had to accept your friendship." .
Sammy's features took on a crestfallen
aspect and for the remainder. of the ar
gument he did not even lean over to
whisper to Attorney McEnerney. Sena
tor McGowan made a very able argu
ment, laying great stress on the fact that
Braunhart's counsel made \ herculean; ef
forts, to cloud the real issues In the case
by heaping uncalled for vituperation on
the head of Senator Dunn.
During his argument for the defense
Attorney McEnerney took advantage of
several technicalities In the law, by which
he hoped to clear Braunhart. I At the con
clusion of - his - argument - Attorney Me-
Enerney made a rather earnest plea to
dismiss the ease against Braunhart out |
of hand, but Judge Graham evidently had i
become convinced that the clime with I
which Braunhart was charged was of too
j serious an import to consider so lightly,
j Judge Graham announced that he would
decide Braunhart's fate next Monday
morning.
When Judge Grahnm took up the
BraUnhari matter yesterday morning At
| torney McEnerney asked to be allowed
Ito reopen the case. He was extremely
: anxious to air some testimony which he
I believed would bolster Braunhart's posi
tion. After considerable argument Judge
Graham decided to allow the defense to \
reel oss-examlne J. P. McGovern. He was
asked if he ever accepted money from
J;imes Cannon in return for a position
lin the Fire Department. McOovem em
' phatically denied that he had, and stated
1 that the only money he ever received
from that source Was in payment of gro
cery bills. _____________
WILLIAM SEARS
UNDER ARREST
FIRE DEPARTMENT CRIPPLED.
No Funds to Provide New Boilers for
an Engine, and It Is Stored
Away.
When the Fire Commissioners met yes
terday Chief Sullivan reported that the
boilers of one of the the engines of the
emergency companies were leaking badly,
and as there were no funds to provide
new boilers, the engine had to be stored
In engine-house 11 at South San .Fran
cisco.
Michael O'Brien was promoted from
foreman of engine 12 to engineer of
chemical 1. The resignations of Henry
Monseese, engine 21, and Thomas Mahon
chemical 1, were accepted and appoint
ments were made as follows! George
Sherrett, engine 11; Frank Cassasa, en-
Jjjlne 21, and Ed Uudberg, engine 12,
SHERIFF FARLEY
LAID TO REST
Thousands Follow the
Body to the Grave.
♦
Special DisDatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Sept. 21.— funeral of i
Sheriff Henry R. Farley, who was killed
on Monday night by George Suisser, was
held this morning.
All the stores, business houses, black
smith shops and even saloons closed their
doors from 9 to 12 o'clock, while on every
public building as well as on all hotels
find private residences flags were flying at
half mast. Never before has this county
seen such a large funeral. Excursions
were run from Gonzales. San Lucas and !■
other points south and also from Men- [
terey and Pacific Grove, while all the i
country folk for miles around gathered j
to attend the funeral.
In consequence of the inadequateness of
the Presbyterian church, where the ser
vices were to be held, the use of the arm
ory was obtained, and before the hour for I
the ceremonies to commence the place was
crowded. The public schools were closed
for half a day and the children marched
in solemn procession behind the hearse.
The religious services at the armory were
conducted by Revs. George McCormick.
Philo Phelps and E. B. Hatch of this city
and Rev. E. S. Robertson of Gonzales. The
Odd Fellows had charge of the funeral,
while the Native Sons acted as escort.
Both county and city officials turned out.
Something never before seen in the his
tory of this place was the suspension of
business in Chinatown. All of the Chi
nese stores were closed during the fore
noon, and in the procession a great many
Chinese were to he seen. Several of the
'•'companies" sent floral tributes, while
some of the members even viewed the
remains as they lay in state at the ar- I
mory. One and all throughout the whole
county loved Sheriff Farley. Fully 3000
people attended the funeral, and the pro
cession was about an hour in passing a
given point.
Mrs. Farley,' the aged mother of the
deceased, tells of a touching scene that
took place yesterday. Mrs. Farley was
Informed that two little . boys wished to
see her. They appeared to be not over
9 years old. barefooted and poorly clad
looking as if they had no mother to care
for them. Each carried a tiny bouquet of
wild c flowers. One of them, who acted as
spokesman, said: "We liked Mr. Farley i
just as good as everybody. We got these I
little bunches of flowers. They ' ain't
much among all of them big bouquets and
things, but It's all we could get. Won't
you please take them and put them on
the grave for us?"
The story . told by the little fellows
deeply touched Mrs. Farley's heart. She '
told them that she greatly appreciated
their simple offering and would do as
they requested. They went away satis
fied, after taking a farewell look at their
friend. > 7 :
ELDER SUISSER ALSO
LODGED IN JAIL
SALINAS. Sept. 21.— Charles Suisser,
eldest son of Jacob Sulsser and brother
of the slayer of Sheriff Farley, was ar
rested this afternoon In Blanco, a small
town west of this city. He was brought
here on a charge of having threatened
the life of James Delaney, the man who
was assaulted by George Suisser on the
night of the murder.
Delaney, who is 75 years old, asserts
that both the Suisser boys have been his
enemies for a long time. He says the
whole trouble which eventually terminat
ed in the death of Farley began when the
Suisser boys stole a set of harness from
him. He says the elder Suisser was as
desperate a character as his brother, and
has almost as many offenses to answer
for. The man arrested to-day was
brought Into court and held under $2000
bonds.
Charles Suisser, it is asserted by those
who profess to know, has made the threat
thai if his hrother George is lynched he
will have revenge. The eldest Suisser boy
was implicated in a fight with his brother
some time ago and stabbed him, but still
both boys were great companions never
theless.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 330 Geary Street. Abovp Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATION
COAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
JC WH SON & Cfl 900 Battery Street.
J- V- TTILJUII a VU-, Telephone Main ISS4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgr.
CW Shlp Plumbing. Steamboat
• Vl' Jill I 111, all Ship Work a Specialty, 16
and IS Washington . St. Telephone Main 56*1.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ..
JAS RAYFS£ffI Shipping Butchers, 104
JAJ- DUICJtt LU, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
J N I OFSTAH ' 4 K * arn V st tl " r »- Latest
J. H. Li VI JIAV, stylas, lowest prices, rsmcdeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, Morton &■ Hedley.
TTLOICIin rvLHUHI, Props., 234 Fremont
Bt. Cas:ngs of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
WIT' I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co.
TTILLAITICI 1C 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTIN3. /
Ef, HUGHES, M 1 PRINTER. F .
•W- nUmiC3> 5U San»ime st.. S. F.
THE HICKS limn CO-, inters. Book-
-IUC IlltB.jJL)lJll tU finders. 23 First st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. '
Te cX, pmo PARTRIDGE Tag"*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, jg^li
DIAMOND COAL MINI\'G CO.. p.t Its GHEEN'
RIVER COLLIERIES.! s the Best Coal in the
Market. Office and Yards — 450 Main street.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Goiorrhoea, Gleets Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. I
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
WriiM's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledge by thousands of persons
■who have used I them for forty years to cure
SICK HEAIi.-IJHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpfi Liver, Weak Stomach, Plia-
Mia «ad Burif/ the blood.ENTRIES FOR
THE MAYORALTY
RACE YET OPEN
More Talk of a Repub
lican Dark Horse.
übllcans win have a large list
■ ."lay or when the con-
D October 3. I^eadiera
of the par (firm that there Is yet
JBr ' ot * be trotted out and
that the admiration of spectators will ba
awakened when the steed in reservo la
paraded. It is admitted that Joseph D.
Charles W. Black, George New
• ra< c Davis and
others have winning points, but the can
yet to be named is praised above
all whose names have been given to the
public.
The Republican delegation of th«
Thirty-fourth District met last evening- at
Native Sons' Hail, on Mission street. J.
Iv. C. Hobbs presided. The purpose of the
meeting was to listen to the report of a
committee of four named at the last meet
ing of the district to attend a meeting: of
the other Mission districts, which took
place last week; also to hear what candi
dates for office who might present them
selves might have to gay. The report of
the committee was taken up first there
being no candidates present. Chairman
liobbs reported that no one was pledged
at the meeting of the Mission districts.
The •wo candidates of the Thirty-fourth
IJistnct for Supervisors, Messrs. Martin
Jones and George T. Shaw, were named.
The district wanted to have these men
nominated by the convention, and also
would want something else. The commit
tee to confer with the other Mission dis
tricts consisted of George W. Elder, P.
Kresky F Weibel, C. Raycnester and J.
K. C. Hobßs.
George W. Elder reported also concern- i
Ips. the conference. The districts that !
had conferred were the Thirty-first,
Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth and Thirty- ;
seventh with the Thirty-fourth. It had !
been agreed upon, Mr. Elder said, that
all the Mission delegates would attend
a caucus to be held, when every Mission
district will name Its favorite sons for
Supervisors. The Mission will put in a
claim for six Supervisors, on the ground
that the Mission contains a third of the
•voting population of the city and county.
That much was agreed upon at the first
meeting of the Mission district delega
tions. Mr. Elder also reported for the
committee that the next meeting of the
Mission districts would take place next i
week upon the call of the chairman. The
report of the committee was accepted.
Later in the evening candidates for
nominations arrived and talked to the
delegates, among them being Harry Baehr,
who is a candidate tor the nomination
for Tax Collector, and W. S. Leyle, who
Is a candidate for the nomination for
Public Administrator.
The delegates elected to the Republican
Municipal Convention from the Thirty
sixth Assembly District met last night
at the residence of E. P. Mahoney, 1302
Castro street. The following aspirants
lor nomination addressed the delegates
and solicited their support: D. L. Farns
worth and C. U. pew for Supervisor,
John Farnham and John A. Drinkhouse
for Public Administrator, Wiibur G.
Doar.e for Auditor, Harry Baehr for Tar
Collector and James Nagle for Police
Judge.
The members of the First California
Regiment, who were mustered out of the
service yesterday, have already taken up
the duties of citizenship and propose to
make their influence felt In the next city
campaign. A number of them who affil
iate with the Republican party met last
evening- and decided to throw their sup- !
port to Major Thomas ONeii of the First
California Regiment for Sheriff, Judge E. !
M. Sweeney fur Police Judge and John
Lack: for Assessor.
Improvement Ciub's New Hall.
Improvement Club
members and thtir
g" to-night. The
lone - much for the
valley at the base of Ber
rt s;x years.
to suspend active op
ear owing to the lack
-
•he club's first presl-
QtS Of
• to build a iif
. oer of Ala
. The hall
 it is the desire of
ie club members thai
: ■ ' the Lew
improvement
wishes the club
to-night
the -remonles a
a will b* to nil
f the- valley and their
lancing and
will form a portion
LOUISA SCHLEGEL DIED
FAR AWAY FROM HOME
EIGKrEI-^N-year-old Louisa Schlegel ml found lying- dead on the floor of
her room yesterday morning. She was a domestic In the home
of N K. Masten, 221S Clay street. Mr Miisten is president of the Mari
copa and "phoenix and Suit River Valley Railroad Company.. The body
Of th •• dead girl was discovered by -Mary O'Farrell, a nurse In the fam
ily. J'iss O'Farrell went to Louisa's room to call her, she not having
made her appearance at the usual hour; and when the nurse entered the room
she found- th. body of Miss Schlegel lying on the floor, a few feet from
the door. The body was attired in a night gown, and the shoes and stockings
had not been :-iken off. Fumes of illuminating ges rendered the air of the
room Insupportable^ and Miss O'Farrell was obliged to retreat. A physician was
suminor.<:<l, and r.e at once pronounced the girl dead.
Attach..! to the gas fixtures was a patent lighting device operated with a
chain. The stop< ->ck v.-as turned partly on, and showed how the unfortunate
young viroman hai met her death. On a desk v.ere ink, pens and paper and
an unfinished letter written by Miss Schlcgci. It was to a friend In Kansas
named Maggie, ar.i contained a description of the trip made by the deceased
a little more than two months ago In coming fro.-o Eudora, Kans., to 'this
city. The letter wta in a cheerful vein, and the writer had mentioned that she
was so tired at nijht after the work of the day that she could hardly keep
her eyes open.
It is supposed that th« girl had grown sleepy before she had finished copy
ing the letter on a e'ean sheet of paper, and that she hastily turned off the
gas and turned it on *},'am. hot knowing it. The deceased came to this city
from her parents' hoae in Kansas, and found employment at the homo of the
Hastens a month latei. They speak highly of her as a faithful and industrious
servant.
Mr. Masten has communicated with the mother of the deceased and has
taken charge of the futeral arrangements.
SHOT HIS FRIEND TO DEATH
OVER A TRIFLING DISPUTE
DECATJSE.of a quarrel over a tri
vial matter, Warren Main, bar-
II tender, shot and killed William
"^"^ Kennedy, a substitute fireman on
engine 10, In the Challenger saloon at
232 Third street yesterday afternoon.
The shooting 1 was unprovoked, and
the only extenuating circumstance is
that Main was under the Influence of
liquor at the time. Kennedy was sU'.n
without warning, and it Is believed
that the taking of his life was pre
meditated, as the trouble over which
the shooting took place began on the
previous night.
According to the statements given
to the police both men indulged In
word? Wednesday night. Main, r.'ok
narriod ."Tack" Main, was the night
bartender and was on duty. Kennedy,
otherwise known as "Spider," who had
previously been his friend, was Visit
ing in the saloon. One word brought
on another, and soon the dispute
warm. The proprietor of the
house finally quelled the disturbance.
Both men took drinks together and
parted apparently In a friendly man
ner. N
Main ar.d the man he killed had both
been drinking heavily on the evening
Of the trouble, and when they left the
place after a settlement they were ex
ceedingly drunk. Yesterday after
noon they returned to the saloon and
proceeded to regain the Intoxication
they had lost in sleep during the
-. During their stay In the
drinking house the dispute of the past
night was referred to and the quarrel
was renewed. Main finally drew a 3S
caliber bulldog revolver from his
pocket and, walking over to the end
of the bar, struck Kennedy on the
face with the butt of It. Kennedy,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
not thinking his assailant was in
st or sought his life, remarked:
"Tack, this has gone too far. What
are you doing that for? If you want
to use that thing kill me. I don't give
a d If I die right here."
Hardly had he finished the words
than the report of the pistol was
heard and Kennedy fell backward in
sensible to the floor. The bartender,
Hijgh Daugherty. sprang from behind
the bar and eeizir.g- Main took the pis
tol from him. The latter walked out
of the door and was not seen again
until two hours afterward, when he
was captured by the police. Officer
O'Callaghan, who heard the shot, was
n the scene and he hastily
summoned the ambulance from the
Central station and reported the es
cape of the murderer. When the of
ficer entered the saloon he found Ken
nedy unconscious ar.d bleeding from
the mouth. The bullet had entered
his body Immediately above the left
breast and probably perforated the
aorta. When the ambulance arrived
Kennedy was placed aboard, but he
died before the vs&gon reached Mis
sion street.
Meanwhile Main's room In the Cus
ter House was being searched, but
the shooter could not be apprehended.
It was reported that he would start
for San Jose, where his home Is, a«d
detectives were sent to watch every
exit from the city. Sergeant McManus,
Detective Ryan and Special Officer
Con Kelly were detailed to the depot
at Third and Townsend streets. The
latter two officers were going to take
the next train to San Jose and watch
that city for their man. As the trio
were passing down Third street, near
Bryant, about 5 o'clock, the object of
their search came in sight and he was
Immediately placed under arrest. As
soon as the officers reached him he
Inquired if his man was dead, and on
being told that he was said, "Well, he
said he would kill me Inside of twenty
four hours."
Main was taken to the Central
Police Station and booked. Upon his
arrival there he was too intoxicated to
talk, except to repeat that he had
shot Kennedy because the latter had
threatened his life, and also to state
that after the shooting he had boarded
a Harrison street car going west.
About 8 o'clock last night he was seen
in his cell, but absolutely refused to
make any explanation of the crime. He
still -contended that Kennedy was go
ing to "do" him inside of twenty-four
hours, but refused to state when the
threat was made. The proprietor of
the saloon in which the trouble came
to its fatal termination says the
murderer Is a man who is very mo
rose, and that on three occasions he
attempted to take his life. The pro
prietor further stated that Main had
drawn a revolver on him several
times, but had never done any dam
age.
There were about three witnesses to
the shooting besides the bartender,
Daugherty. One of them, James Coin
ford, residing: at 1023 Montgomery
street, says that the shooting was un
provoked and that 'he heard the con
versation between the two men. Coin
ford states that Main deliberately
walked up to Kennedy and struck him
across the face. The latter did not
even make a motion to defend himself
but simply spoke to Main, telling him
that if he wished to use his gun, to
shoot, and Main instantly fired. All
parties agree that the two men had
been good friends previous to the little
dispute which ended in death, and at
tribute the murder to Main's intoxi
cated condition.
Kennedy lived at 217 1 * Tehama street
He was well liked by his associates
and acquaintances, and was a man
who never provoked trouble. He was
about M years of age, and leaves a
mother. At one time he was somewhat
of a celebrity as a local pugilist but
lately was appointed as a substitute on
Engine 10. His slayer is a sickly man,
about 30 years of age, weighing about
125 pounds. He has the appearance of
one addicted to the use of drugs His
features are drawn and his nose very
prominent. That he did not take his
life after having committed the deed
was a surprise to those who knew him,
and is due, perhaps, to the fact that he
was disarmed before he had a chance
to further any designs which he may
have had. "•:■■•*.■;> "■ ■•• : -- ■■-■
SAVED FROM DISGRACE
BY HAND OF DEATH
ENSIGN COLEMAN, Whose Wayward Career Is Ended.
ENSIGN NOAH T. COLEMAN of the lowa is dead. The end cam*
yesterday morning at 1 o'clock at the McNutt Sanitarium. With th«
passing of the young naval officer ends a career that in the begin
ning gave promise of being an honorable and a brilliant one. but hi!
history as an officer of Uncle Sam hn.i reached a point where dls
grace, complete and humiliating, confronted him. Death happily in
tervened to spare him the pain and the punishment which surely would hav>
been the fruit of his wayward career.
Some weeks ago. while awaiting court-martial. Coleman attempted tc
end his troubles by sending a bullet through his brain. His hand was un
steady and the leaden missile did not even draw blood. At the time th«
young man's unhappy situation had weighed heavily on his mind and his
reason had almost fled. His brain became Affected. Hr pank gradually un
til his condition grew precarious and the Burgeons on the ship had hlrr
removed to the McNutt Sanitarium. This occurred about a week ago.
As though the fatea had taken compassion on the young officer in th<
hour of hie misfortune and would allow hl>= last hours to be passed in peace
the shade was drawn over the pages of his life that recorded his manx
mis-steps. The troubles that had driven him mad were obliterated from hi«
mii.d. A loss of reason robbed the end of its bitterness. Coleman hac
passed into an unconscious condition some days before he was removed
to the sanitarium, and up to the time when death made its call he re
mained in a comatose state.
The relatives of Coleman live in Syracuse. N. T. His family fs one
of tho oldest in the Empire State. When it was almost certain that the
young man could not live, his father was advised of his condition by tele
graph and is now on his way to San Francisco. He is expected to arrive
here to-morrow. The remains have been removed to the Golden Gate under
taking parlors, 2121 Mission street, but no arrangements for the funeral will
be made until the fatru-r arrives.
Dr. Wiaslow Anderson, who had charge of the case at the sanitarium
pays that death was due to cerebral meningitis superinduced by the youns
man's excessvs and the fact that worry aver his pending court-martial had
aftected hi.« mind. Ihe pistol shot he aimed at himself had nothing to dc
with his doath. the doctor Bays, for the reason that the bullet did not even
graze the flesh and produced no wound whatever.
Coleman had no friends or relatives in this city, and no one went tc
visit him while he was on his deathbed at the hospital. He was about 27
years of age and a native of New York. He was sent to the Naval Acad
emy from that State. The first scandal in which he was Involved after join
ing the navy was in connection with the "blown" armor plates. His father
spent much of his fortune in defending his wayward son from the ugly
charges against him, growing out of that transaction. When the lowa was
B«nt to the Pacific Coast Coleman came with her. At Seattle he heramf
involved in trouble with his superior officers and his case was reported to
Washington. The court-martial was set for trial on the Badger on the day
in which he attempted suicide. The trial took place later, but the findings
of the Judges were never made public.
NEITHER SIDE
WILL GIVE IN
TO THE OTHER
No Change in Strike
of Boilermakers.
There was no change In the boilennak
ers' strike yesterday. The men will not
yield and the managers of the different
Iron works are not prepared to accept
eight hours as a day's work. The boiler
makers now assert that the demand will
be made to apply to all outside Jobs.
There will In consequence probably be a
general strike all along the front to-day.
i The men object to having their trouble
: with the bosses called a "strike"; they
assert that it is in reality a "lockout."
They assert that thpy are willing to go
back to work at a moment's notice. All j
| they want is what the contractors will I
not give them— an eight-hour day with
pay for ten hours and double time for
overtime at the same ratio.
The Government Is not taking any
chances In the matter and all vessels
coming here under contract will have the
work done elsewhere or else they will
go to another port. The Port Stephens
left Newcastle, S. S. W., yesterday, but
Instead ot coming to San Frajiclsco she
is going to Seattle. The Pak Ling and
Moyune are coming here from the Orient,
but all the work on them will be done
in Hongkong. The Anglo Australian, now
In Austrlian waters, will probably be
overhauled In Sydney; and so it will be
with others. The "strike," or "lockout" |
—it matters not which it is called— has
begun to harm this port already, and this
1b only the beginning. The aooaer the
matter Is adjusted the better It will be
for all concerned.
No one here seems to know what Is
going to be done with the hospital ship
Relief. Yesterday she was to have sailed '
for Manila. During the morning word '
came from Washington to hold her here i
until the 2Cth inst. Later in the day an
other message came saying that noth- ;
ing at all was to be done with the yes- !
sel. pending instructions from the Secre- i
tary of War. The hospital ship will re
main tied up at the wharf for some time
to come.
Two new cases of smallpox broke out
at the camp of the Thirty-first Regiment
on Angel Island yesterday, and in con
sequence the transport Grant has been
ordered to the quarantine station to be ;
fumigated. She has all the belongings
of the men of the Thirty-first Regiment
aboard. These will be unloaded to the
quarantine hulk, and after being fumi
gated will be sent back to the quarter
master. The Grant will probably be re
leased to-day and will then come back
to the Government wharf, where another
regiment will be put aboard and she will
start for Manila.
The quartermaster's steamer General
McDowell is now engaged solely in car- •
rylng water and supplies to the deten- ;
tion camp. The tug Sea Queen In the
meantime Is making the McDowell's trips
to the army posts. A rigid quarantine
Is maintained at the detention camp, no
one from the outside being allowed nearer .
than the Government wharf.
The transport Senator sailed for Ma- '
nila yesterday with a portion of the lowa ' ;
regiment aboard. The boys should ar- j :
rive here about September 22. i
Foresters' Trolley Bide.
Courts Golden City. Endeavor, Terba
Buena, Madrone, Golden Era, Noe Valley,
Acacia, Precita and Southern Heights
of the Independent Order of Foresters
will have another trolley ride to-morrow
night. There will be a procession of six
•~ars. and the members and their
friends will be taken over all the electric
lines of the Market-street system, and
then g-o to the ocean beach, where there
will be a dance in the pavilion.
JOHN BARRETT
ADDRESSES THE
BUSINESS MEN
•
Problems of Oriental
Commerce.
Every seat In the Chamber of Com-
merce meeting hall was occupied yester
day by attentive iisteners, who had come
together to hear John Barrett, ex-United
States Minister to Siam, talk of the East,
trade conditions and commercial possi
bilities.
Preceding the address of the speaker of
the day George A. Newhall, who is vice
president of the association, sa!d a few
complimentary things about the guest i
and then introduced Mayor Phelan, who ;
likewise praised Mr. Barrett, commenting i
upon his views and the splendid opportu- l
nlties afforded him for the study of the i
trade question in the Orient. When the
applause which greeted the introduction
of Mr. Barrett by the Mayor had sub
sided the visitor arose and said in part:
I feel a little embarrassed after hearing- so
many complimentary things said about me, but
It Is true that I am a firm believer in the
future greatness of San Francisco. It Is not |
my purpose to indulge in a political or moral
argument. We are gathered here to consider
the material side of the question, to consider
the opportunities for the extension of our com
mercial relations with 500,000,000 people and a I
magnificent coast line that is almost unmeas
nimble. San Francisco Is directly opposite both, i
and as It grows out of the period of swaddling i
clothes it must feel the wonderful opportunities |
offered it. The great Interest of the Paoiiic j
Coast demands the attention of the entire
country, and I think to-day that people all
over the world are realizing that the Pacific
States have an Integral interest. At this time
there Is an imperative demand that the people !
of Oregon Washington and California must I
work together. If this State shall have the !
full Influence It should possess it must have '
its full quota of United States Senators The !
best Interests of thi? State demand another
Senator to work for the benefit of California.
Unless the people of the State have their full 1
quota tt will be crippled, as I believe this com- :
ing Congress will evolve a policy which will i
bear directly upon the interests of the coast, i
This coast must take the leadership In promul- j
gating the construction of a Nicaragua canal, !
a Pacific cable and trade relations with the j
Orlert.
All over the country the people are only too j
glad to listen to the development of commerce '
on the Pacific. That is why I say we should I
lead and show the great majority what the
true interests of the Pacific Coast are and how
k reaches them.
The great countries o? Europe are in every
way possible using their Influence to develop
Oriental commerce. The best men the big- Eu- ,
ropean cities have are being sent to the East
for the purpose of securing this trade. The
greatest opportunity of commerce In the Orient :
belongs to America, but it can only be won
by competition and energ-etic spirit. To-day i
we are proving that it is possible for us to i
compete with the world.
Mr. Barrett then considered the Ori- '
ental countries seriatim and spoke of the
great commercial possibilities presented
to Americans. In regard to the Philip
pines he found the same conditions exist
ing. Continuing he said:
No other country of the Orient has such a '
variety of products and it Is nothing more :
than reasonable to suppose that we should de- '
velop these resources. AH foreign houses m !
Manila are preparing- to double their invest- ;
ments. This is an index. With the develop-
EMnt of railroads will come development of
resources and trade.
I look forward to a co-operation between the
Pacific Coast and the Orient. I would have a I
Urge number of young- Filipinos corr.e to this ■
country, educate them and let them learn what
tbts country Intends with them. Upon their
return more would be done to satisfy the na- ;
tlves than years of colonizing. When you con- '
stder the Filipino's actions you must "consider
the years of tyranny under which he lived. I i
look forward to the time when the energy of :
Americans, without any Jingoism, will assert I
Itself and face their responsibility In the
Orient.
What you merchants must do is to send men,
strong agent 6, out there, and then you will i
find the greatest results. Send qualified agents :
and do not spare a few extra dollars in ex- ;
pense in getting the right men. There should
b-i established here an exchange museum
Which would show what the Orient and Its
products are. Tou muet have larger and faster '
ships to cross the Orient. Seattle, Tacoma <
and Portland are preparing to do it and you i
must. I would like to see San Francisco a
free port. Just as soon as possible the Pacific :
cable must be laid. Tour Senators and Con- ;
gressmen must demand it. Just as soon as ;
this is accomplished your trade will Jump with i
a mighty ieap.
As to the Nicaragua canal, unless you work i
for it you will never get it. Opposition In the i
East is working against it, ar.d It Is a strong
opposition.
Without any flattery the California Regiment
made a record for Itself. The men of the West ;
from California, performed their duties In a I
way that brought out the commendation of !
Admiral Dewey in no restricted terms They i
were always eager to reach the firing line and
never shirked the work marked out for them.
Mr. Barrett closed with a eulogy- of th*
California Regiment ard he was followed I
by Senator Carter of Montana, who spoke ;
at some length about American progres-
Bion, and the trend of history.
COFFEY NOT SATISFIED.
Wants More Affidavits From Attor
neys Hart and Fox.
Attorneys W. H. H. Hart and George
W. Fox must file additional affidavits be
fore they can convince Judge Coffey that
he is prejudiced against Laura, the al
eged contract widow of the late Charles
A. James or that he decided her contest
jnfavoraMy to her without due consider
ation of the evidence. Yesterday after
noon George D. Shadburne, who repre
sents the absent heirs in the James
;state, filed a counter affidavit in which
le contested the claim that Judge Coffey
Jailed to consider the opinion of Expert
Hopkins, who testified that in his opinion
:he signature on the alleged marriage
:ertificate was genuine. The affiant
jointed to the testimony of Guptav Falte,
uaying teller of the German Bank, and A.
K. Whittle of the San Francisco Savings
LJnion, both of whom pronounced the sig
lature a forgery. In conclusion Shad-
Durne says that he does not believe that
Hart is of the opinion that the court is
prejudiced.
When the hearing of the affidavits was
alien up the court was not satisfied with
he points made in the affidavits and gave
:he complainants until Wednesday in
ivhich to file additional statements re
garding his Honor's prejudice.
MRS. CRAVEN AGAIN LOSES.
Mrs. Nettle R. Craven, who claims to
je the widow of the late James G. Fair,
ws met defeat for a second time before
ludge Troutt on Important preliminary
■natters on which Ehe hoped to base her
Ight to prove her alleged relationship to
:he deceased. A few weeks ago the court
lecided that Mrs. Craven could not re
jover her costs expended In advertising
summons in her suit against the estate,
feeterday the court denied her motion to
racate the order of partial distribution of
.•state properties made April 13. IS'JT. Had
Sirs. Craven's motion been granted the
ieirs of the estate would have been de
prived of the income of the property,
vhich i? valued at several million dollars,
'or an indefinite period. Mrs. Craven's j
implication for JSOOO a month as a family ]
illowance from the estate will bo heard
his morning. The heirs are determined
ntest this application to the end. for
: Mrs. Craven was granted this allow
ince it would be an acknowledgment of
ler relationship to the deceased and his
■hildren are not anxious to aoknnw:
hat she is indeed their stepmother.
. m .
Rebekah Lodges.
Amity Robekah I/odge of the I. O. O. F.
has arranged for a social to be given in
its hall in the Odd Fellows' building on
the evening of next Saturday. This will
Qe for the entertainment of its friends.
The same evening Temple Lodge of the
Rebekahs will have a social in its hall in
the same building- and will present to its
x*any frionds a programme of entertain
ment that will be a guarantee of an en
joyable evening.
On account of the death of a member
>f California Rebekah Lodge. I. O. O. F
the party to Its friends, announced for
lext Saturday, has been indellnitely nost
poned.
— •_
Civil War Veterans Meet. ■
The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion held a meting at 405 Montgomery
street last night. The meeting was for
:he purpose of taking action on the recent
lismissai of many Civil War Veterans by
the different Federal departments. The
veterans propose to make an active fight
n the coming political campaign and have
ippolnted a committee to procure suitable
Headquarters,
ADVERTISEMENTS^ .
I \
Is there a Housekeeper
who does not wonder what
j
Ito provide for over Sunday I
Who does not |
wish for
<^S£r'*'^ l something
7 >?^v New?
■ s 8 j^**^fr \«W^**^ i/ till
k ?^/\ w I
\ if/"'!/, $
i\ ! " (
ff I W ■
pi fl |
» /A SJL:
■ < on-
I Knowing this, we
I
• select Saturday for
giving FREE what-
ever new article we
introduce* \^r^
Naturally, \
{ i the after sales |
;are our one \
Jchancc of A
4 profit. A
j So we give . Jr \
r *only what we^ \
I 'think will please.. Y|
This Saturday) ml
it will be our new|
Pancake Flour. I
PACKAGE \ •~a
FREE \4r
to each H-O buyer. \ \jt\X
It The Go* \
VELLMAN, PECK & CO.
....SOLE AGENTS....
1 1 FT nnifll °rcer Fourth and
Aft Pnyft s?**a.»-.ss
ml L TIU I HL grws.ii-sa-
VaUses cbecke4 £re«.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sugar marked down.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat improves under a better export demand.
Barley, Oats and Corn still dull.
Lighter receipts of Hay do not affect prices.
Downward tendency in Rolled Barley.
Beans and Seeds quoted dull and unchanged.
Quicksilver advanced under a good local demand.
Cement scarce on the spot.
Potatoes and Vegetables plentiful. Onions firmer.
Poultry market about the same. Game still scarce.
Eastern Eggs doing better. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Increasing demand for all kinds of Dried Fruit.
Fresh Fruit as previously quoted.
No change in Provisions.
Hogs tending downward again.
Grain Bags on their last legs for this season.
Increased exports of Lumber from this port.
Shipments of Salmon larger than last year.
Charters.
The Highland Light loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port; Occidental, coal at Tacorna
for Honolulu: Theobald, coal at Nanalmo for
Honolulu. ;f ,
The Forfarshire loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, S7s — prior to arrival.
Exports of Salmon. .
Exports of Salmon from this port during
tne first eight months of the year were 155,- j
$55 cases and 674? packages, valued at $664,673. j
against 121.194 cases and 5030 packages at |
1454,338 In IS9B. I
Exports of Lumber.
Exports of Lumber from this port during
the first eight months of the year were 15,891,000
feet valued at $443,620, against 12,572,000 feet
at $224,144 in . 1898.
Government Receipts and Expenses. i
For the first two months of the fiscal year
the receipts of the Government compare as i
follows:
IS9?. 1599.
Customs $31,413,350 $37,518,152
Internal revenue 50.156.632 52.559.614
Miscellaneous 4.023,804 7.934,666
Totals $55,629.516 $98,032,432
The disbursements for the same interval '
compare as follows:
IS9S 1599
Civil I 19.843,702 $ ?1. "•".:. Ml
War E9,937.359 34.272.470
Navy 14.900,557 9.688.211
Indians L 435 ,953 1.535.470
Pensions 25.742.630 16,062.011
Interest 8.663,962 9,154,299
Totals $130,524,193 $102,053,401
New York Money Market.
The New York circular of Henry Clews Bays:
"We cannot be certain that anything now
remains to our credit of the large balance I
arising from our extraordinary surplus of ex
ports over Imports; on the contrary, there are
Indications that the return of our securities
has about liquidated that balance, and we
have for some time been closely verging upon
the possibility of an outflow of gold to Eu- j
rope.
"While these external possibilities confront ■
ns. the condition of the home money market
la not assuring. The extraordinary revival of
business has caused a corresponding expan
sion of bank loans and has at the same tim&
Increased the demand for currency in the
retail circulation. With a banking system
that indirectly compels the banks to augment
their stocks of lawful money In proportion
as they extend their loans, we are brought
face to face with an acute scarcity in tlie
circulating medium. The universal employ
ment of the working classes at rising rates of
wages, the Increased holdings of cash among
country retailer?, and the rapid rise In the
prices of goods have conjointly produced a i
necessity for an expansion of the volume of
money; and this need makes Itself felt at ,
the moment when the banks of the Interior
are drawing their deposits from the metro- ;
politan banks In order to facilitate the mar
keting of large crops of cotton and cereals. !
■Unfortunately, we have no effective resource
for Increasing the amount of the money cir- j
culation in order to- satisfy these necessities;
and the result appears In a reduction of the
cash reserves of the New York banks to close j
upon the *«!ead line 1 at a point about mid- j
way, In the usual fall efflux of money to the
agricultural sections.
"This is not a promising situation. Un
expectedly, we are brought to a condition of
things In which the national prosperity threat
ens to be seriously crippled through the legal
restraints upon our banks and by the in
elasticity of our currency arrangements. Had
our laws relating to note circulation been
such as to admit 0$ an expansion of bank is
sues proportioned to the wants of the crop •
movement, there need have been none of the
draining of the lawful money reserves of the
metropolitan banks which is now In process;
and th» compulsory contraction of loans, and
the stringency in money and the exhaustion
of the reserves would have been easily avoid
able. At Its coming session Congress may
find reason enough in the present situation
for far more thorough measures of currency
and banking reform than appear to be enter
tained by members claiming to be leaders in
financial reconstruction.
"What, however, most concerns Wall street
at the moment is not so much that we are
confronting a theoretically faulty system of
finance as that we stand face to face with
a delicate and difficult financial situation.
Two millions of surplus reserve and 8 to 9
per cent for call loans at the middle of Sep
tember are ugly and disquieting facts.- The
situation cornea so near to a deadlock that
there must be some yielding somewhere in
order to avert very unwelcome conditions. It
would be Indulging a frail hope to expect ef
fectual relief from Importations of gold. The
situation of the foreign exchanges hardly sug
gests such a probability. A fall in the prices
of securities, or cotton, or cereals might no
etimulate exports as to bring exchange to the
gold importing point: but who would desire to
nee gold procured at such a cost? and relief
could not come from such a source until It
•was too late to be of much service. Nor
Is It possible for the Secretary of the Treasury
to afford any help to the situation beyond
prepaying some $5,600,000 of Interest due of
the first of October; which, though a rela
tively small palliative, would be a valuable
aid under the circumstances. Much, however,
may be hoped from the resourceful expedients
of the banks, which were never stronger o.r
more effectively administered than to-day. Th«
fledgling corporations which, pending the re
cent extreme ease in money, obtained a cer
tain recognition among lenders, must expect
to take care of themselves; and the relief from
that resource to borrowers more entitled to
consideration may prove to be quite lmport
"The situation calls for caution, but does
not warrant alarm."
Wehther Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperature were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka E4lSan' Diego «8
Fresno 100 Sacramento 96
Los Angeles 82 1 Independence 92
Red Bluff 96 Yuma 106
Ban Luis Oblspo 82
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 50; mean, 56.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure continues over the
northern half of the Pacific Slojie. accom
panied by generally fair, cool weather. The
temperature' has fallen slowly over Nevada.
Arizona and the greater portion of California.
In the great valleys the temperatures con
tinue above the normal and the conditions
have been favorable for raisin making. Rain
1b falling at Neah. Dense fog prevails over the
northern half of the coast of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours,
ending midnight September 22. 1893:
For Northern California— Fair Friday, light
southerly, changing to northerly in the in
terior; westerly winds on the coast,, with fog.
For Southern California— Fair Friday; »outh
•weeterly winds, changing to northwesterly.
For. Nevada— Cloudy, cooler Friday.
For Utah— Cloudy, cooler Friday.
For Arizona— Friday. -»..«_
For San Francisco and violnitr-y%lr W.-. t
lay, with heavy fog in the morning: light
.Mitherly, changing to fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIK.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
I NTTW YORK, Sept. 31— The tone of the
trading In stocks was much quieter to-day
i than for some time past. No such pressure
of forced liquidation was observable as yes
terday and several preceding days. As a re
sult there was a very general and substantial
recovery In prices. There was a large demand
from the extensive outstanding short Interest
and probably this constituted a principal ele
ment in the recovery, but there was also a
very good absorption of some of the railroad
stocks, which had the appearance of coming
from large Interests who were satisfied to take
on stocks at the present level. Brooklyn Tran
sit continued to comprise a large proportion
of the dealings and the cessation of pres
sure against It and other members of Its
group had an Important Influence In the re
covery in prices. A revised Interpretation of
New York's new franchise bill, which would
beat less heavily on corporations than had
been expected, found general acceptance among
speculators. The enormous selling for some
time past of Brooklyn Transit gave color to
some current rumors that the control of the
property has changed to new and strong hands.
Those two influences were effective in reliev
ing the local traction stocks from the fierce
attacks to which they have been subjected
for many days past, and removed from the
situation the most potent element of depres
sion. The bears made some effort to contest
the advance and they found vulnerable spots
in People's Gas, Sugar, Tobacco and Tennes
see Coal. But their success in affecting the
general market was very moderate and their
efforts to cover in the very stocks which they
had attacked helped on the late advance. In
the railroad list aggressive buying first devel
oped In Southern Pacific, but an excellent de
mand spread to other points In the list, not
ably the grangers, which are all up from 1
to VJk on the day. There were notable move
ments in Pullman, which rose 8 7 and Ana
conda, which jumped *H points in the late
market on the declaration of a dividend. Chi
cago, Indianapolis and Louisville stocks gained ,
2% and 2% ' respectively. The Chicago Great
■Western stocks showed rather sensational de
clines, but later rose above yesterday's level,
except for debentures, which are off 4 points.
London was a seller In the early dealings
owing to anxiety over to-morrow's meeting
of the British Cabinet, and thus aided the
bears In the early part of the day. A favor
able effect was exercised by the reported pur
chase In London of $500,000 of gold in the open
market for shipment to New York. No trace
could be found of the destination of this
shipment, and foreign exchange houses main
tained that gold could not yet be imported at
a profit. Sterling exchange dropped a frac
tion nearer the gold Import point, but Is still
•well over one cent above that level. The
call loan rate in New York dropped late in
the day, after the day's demand for money
had been practically all met. But the con
dition of the local money market was not
materially changed. A drop In New York ex
change In Chicago indicated renewed pressure
from that source for funds. Saturday's bank
statement is now expected to show the New
York banks In a somewhat stronger position.
The bond market was firm In tone. Total
sales, par value. $1,256,000. .
United States Ss and old 4s registered de
clined H and the old 4s coupon % In the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares • • C1 ° s lnK
Sold. Stock— Bid
'2.600 Atchison 20%
26,350 Atchison prefd 63H
300 Baltimore & Ohio 51
Canadian Pacific .' 92
...i... Canada Southern 82^4
1.000 Central Pacific M
1540 Chesapeake & Ohio 274
3 950 Chicago Great Western 14%
24 170 Chicago Burlington & Quincy ISO 1 *
2,775 Chicago Ind & Louisville 12
300 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 42
800 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 90
600 Chicago & Northwestern 167
1,760 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 113
200 C C C & St Louis 65
3 OSS Colorado Southern 4'/i
Colorado Southern ls£ prefd 43 l ,2
Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
500 Delaware & Hudson 123' 2
5,110 Delaware Lack & Western 189%
COO Denver A Rio Grande 21%
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75' i
400 Erie 13V
300 Erie Ist prefd 37' i
965 Great Northern prefd 162V4
300 Hocking Coal 18
180 Hocking Valley 33
555 Illinois Central 113%
100 lowa Central 13
100 lowa Central prefd ofi',4
300 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 7 1 ,
Lake Erie & Western 17
Lake Erie & Western prefd 78
Lake Shore 202
8,435 Louisville & Nashville 79%
30.300 Manhattan L 10SJ-*
7.465 Metropolitan Street Railway 196%
1.270 Mexican Central 14T4
Minneapolis & St Louts 71%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
3,500 Missouri Pacific 15%
225 Mobile & Ohio 44£
Missouri Kansas* & Texa5...*......... 12' i
4 200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 39%
3,200 New Jersey Central 119%
6 015 New York Central 135%
4.630 Norfolk & Western 24%
1.020 Norfolk & Western prefd 694
8.310 Northern Pacific 53><«
3,415 Northern Pacific prefd '. 744
1,230 Ontario & Western 25%
110 Or?gon Railway & Nay 45
200 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 77
1,510 Pennsylvania 131!4
400 Reading .....: 2H±
8,600 Reading Ist prefd 69%
400 Reading 2d prefd 33%
Kio Grande Western 37Vi
Rio Grande Western prefd 8.1
1,950 St Louis & San Fran 11%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 3GV4
620 St Louis Southwestern , 1414
1,700 St Louis Southwestern prefd 34',i
23,125 St Paul 127%
St Paul prefd 17S>*
EH Paul & Omaha IIS
57,P"0 Southern Pacific 3714
410 Southern Railway • 11%
2,920 Southern Railway prefd 52%
500 Texas & Pacific 1914
6,950 Union Pacific ;. . 44%
4,515 Union Pacific prefd 77%
Wabash 7U
1.000 Wabash prefd 21%
2,610 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12
1.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd........ 29%
1.020 Wisconsin Central 16%
P C C & St Louis 745.4
Express Companies—
Adiuns .' 115
American 147
, United State* ;,o
100 Wells-Fargo 131
Miscellaneous—
400 American Cotton Oil 4314
American. Cotton Oil prefd S3
370 American Malting 15%
ISO American Malting prefd :.... 65%
710 American Smelting & Refng....... 35%
850 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. ssii
American Spirits .:... 6
American Spirits prefd 30%
SOO American Ste«»l Hoop 41%
400. American Steel Hoop prefd ....86
5 275 American Steel & Wire 61%
1,720 American Steel & Wire prefd 96V4
120 American Tin Plate 39
200 American Tin Plate prefd 85%
64 180 American Tobacco 12:i>4
100 American Tobauco prsXd 145
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
12 210 Anaconda Mining: Co 66%
206.875 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 87%
6,470 Colorado Fuel & Iron 68%
6,060 Continental Tobacco 42%
2 110 Continental Tobacco prefd 92%
17.973 Federal Steel 53%
4.955 Federal Steel prefd.' . .... 78*4
General Klectric 120%
520 Glucose Sugar 60%
1,450 Glucose Sugar prefd 105
1,812 International Paper 28%,
International Paper prefd 74%
I,aelede Gas 65
National Biscuit 46,
- Biscuit prefd.......... '. 95
100 National Lead V '. 29%
National I/cad prefd HOVi
200 National Steel 51%
350 National Steel prefd.... 95V*
New York Air Brake ....162
215 North American 12%
400 Pacific Coast 46%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82.
- Coast 2d prefd . 63
1.856 Pacific Mail ..: : 39%
22.372 People's Gas 110
300 Pressed Steel Car 55% |
690 Pressed Steel Car prefd ...M 89%
2,344 Pullman Palace Car .........172
200 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
84,125 Sugar 144%
ISO Sugar prefd 117
8.300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 119
8,175 United States Leather 12%
1.200 United States Leather prefd.. 75%
1,010 United States Rubber 47Vi
United States Rubber prefd 114
477 Western Union 88
8,050 Republic Iron & Steel 27%
710 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 72%
707,700 Shares sold. ■-;•'-.-
CLOSING STOCKS.
U S 2s rep 100% L & Nash unl 4s. 99%
Do 3s rag 108% M X & T 2ds 69%
Do coup ........10S% Do 4s 93
Do new 4s reg..130 N T Cent lsts 110 I
Do coup 130 N J Cent gen 55..119i4 I
Do old 4s reg 111 No Carolina 65... 130 !
Do coup ........113 Do 4s 104%
Do 5s reg 111% No Pacific 15t5. ..113 !
Do coup 111% Do 3s 66 ]
I Dlst Colum 3.655. .117 Do 4s 103% !
Ala class A 109 NY C 4 St L 45. 107%
Do class B 109 Norf & W con 4s. 94% !
Do class C 103 Do gen. 6s 135 |
Do currency ...IOC Ore Nay lsts 115 i
Atchlson Ken .102% Do 4s 102 |
Do adj 4s IOC* Ore Short Line 65. 127 :
: Can So 2ds 109% i Do con 6s 113%
l Ches & Ohio 4%s 95% Reading gen 45.... 86%
Do 6s 118 Vi R G W lsts 97%
Chi & Nw con 73.145 St L& I M con 65. 112%
Do S F deb 55.. Ft L & S F gen 65. 124% '
i Chi Term 4s 95% St Paul con 173 V*
D & R G lets 106% St P C & P 15t5. .121
Do 4s 99% Do 5s 121
j E Term. Va & Ga So Railway 5s ....108% j
lets 103% S Rope & Twine 6s 53% j
: Erie gen 4s 71 Term new set 35.. 95
:F W & D C lsts.. 80 Tex & Pacific lsts. lls
Gen Elec 5s 116 Do 2ds 66
G H & S A 65... .108 i Union Pacific 45.. 104% i
Do 2ds 108 Wabash lsts 115% j
' H & T Css 110% I Do 2ds 100% I
Do con 6s 11l West Shore 4s. ...112%
: lowa Cent 15t5.... 116 I Wls Cent lsts 75%
X C P & G lsts.. 70 iVa centuries ...... 86%
jLa new con 4s 106 i Do deferred .... 5
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar Ontario « 75
i Crown Point 19 Ophir 100
i Con Cal & Va.... 160 Plymouth 08 |
i Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 00
i Gould & Curry 2". Do prefd 7 s') |
Hale & Norcross. 26 1 Sierra Nevada 70
; Homestake 65 00 (Standard 3 00 J
Iron Silver 54 Union Con 33
j Mexican 45iYellow Jacket .... 27
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
j Money— Do prefd 113%
' Call loans 4 06 Westing Elec 41
--i Time loans 4%'g0% Do prefd 68
I Stocks— Wls Cent 16%
A. T&St Fe 20% Bonds—
: Do prefd 63 Atchison 4s  100
Amer Sugar 144 Mining Shares —
Do prefd 117 ' Adventure 7
Bell Telephone 360 Allouez Mining Co 6%
Boston & Albany. .262 Atlantic 30
! Boston & Maine. ..IPS Boston & Mont... .340 j
Ed Elec 111 205 ißutte & 805t0n.... 63 j
Fitchburg prefd... l2l Calumet & Hecla.7Bo |
1 Gen Electric 120 Centennial 33% ;
Do prefd 141 Franklin 17% i
I Federal Steel 53% llumboldt 2 I
Do prefd 78 Psceola 84
Mexican Cent .... 14% Parrot 47
Michigan Tel 98% Qulncy 153
Old Colony 206 )'anta Fe Copper.. 12%
. Old Dominion 32 Tamarack 220
i Rubber 47 Wlnona 9 j
Union Pac 44% (Wolverines 41
Union I.and 5% Utah 37% ,
West End 93Vi:
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21. — Money on call, easier,
! at 207 per cent: prime mercantile paper, 3%@ ■■
6% per cent; sterling exchange, heavy, with |
: actual " business in bankers' bills at $4 854«? I
4 85% for demand and at $4 Sl%Si4 82 for sixty
days; posted rates, 54 83f14 53% and M 86%@ I
4*7; commercial bills, 14 8164 81%: silver' cer- I
! tificates, > ; ■ -ii r,r«' 2 c, pales 5000; bar silver. '
58 9-16 c; Mexican dollars. 47V,e: Government ■
i bonds, weak; State bonds, inactive; railroad !
I bonds, firmer.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— T0-day's state- i
ment of the condition of the treasury shows: ;
i Available cash balance. $2^,743,033; gold re- j
serve, J255.588.207.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram:
The markets here were still hesitating to
day, waiting for the Orange Free State de
! cision and to-morrow's Cabinet council. They ;
were Idle and dull, but consols were steady. |
| Americans were neglected, the dealers play- j
ing with them. They were steady, however, !
•with a firm close on New Tors Durchases of 1
Louisville and Nashville, Northern Pacific,
Central and Southern Pacific. Tintos, 46%.
Anacondas were under 11 on the contradiction
of an amalgamated copper dividend.
Money was more lendable. The bank did !
nothing, avoiding paper for a longer period
than sixty drjys. Silver was flat, America ;
! wiling, closing weak.. The Bank of Bengal '
has raised Its discount rate from 6 to 6 per ;
i cent.
CLOSING.
■ LONDON. Sept. —Canadian Pacific, 96%; j
Erie, 13%; Union Pacific preferred, 78%; St. |
! Paul common, 130%; Northern Pacific pre- |
ferred, 76%; Atchisnn, 21%; Anaconda, 10%.
Money. 1% per cent; Bar Silver, %d lower at 27d I
per ounce.
« «» I
I I
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
«— — »
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts. '
23,586 barrels; exports, 14,253 barrels; sales, 10,
--; 000 packages; active and steadier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 92,395 bushels; exports,
i 223.646 bushels; sales, 5,815,000 futures; 448,000
j export; spot. firm. No. ■■ 2 red, 75% ct. o. b.
' afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79% cf.
j o. b. afloat to arrive, new; No. 1 hard, Duluth,
! 82% cto arrive; No. 2 red, 73% c elevator. Op
j tions opened steady at %c advance on coy
' ering, with cables favorable, some foreign buy
! ing and broader public speculation became
very excited, advancing 2c net at Chicago and
I. ■ net at New York on covering, following
announcement of the failure of Barrett, Far
i nuin & Co., reported to have been short 6,000.
--000 to 8,000,000 bushels of wheat, reacted par
! tially later, but generally firm undertone |
! throughout the session, closed firm, %TO( i e
i net advance. Sales included: No. 2 red May,
; 79%<&:80 l-16c, closed 19 l 2 ' c; September. 75%074e,
closed 73 r >iiC; December, 76 7-16®77V4c, closed
7«4c.
1H IPS -Dull.
IIII'ES Kirm.
WOOL— Strong. Domestic fleece, 20@25c;
pulled Texas. 17c. . : « ■
METALS — declining tendency of tin quo
' tations was checked to-day and a substntlal
; rally scored- on reappearance of buyers and
meager offerings. Spelter, on the other hand.
was weak and lower under heavy selling- pres
sure. The other departments . showed little
life and no feature. The foreign and domes
tic news no more than met expectations, if
anything favoring sellers. At the close the
Metal Exchange called: - ...
■PIG IRON— Warrants, nominal at $17.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at $1S 50.
TlN— Quiet, but firmer, with $32 bid.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 67% bid and $4 «i%
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 40
and for copper $18 50.
SPELTER— and lower, with $6 40 bid
and $5 50 asked.
COFFEE— Options opened barely steady and
closely barely steady, unchanged to .=> points
lower. Sales, 31,750 hags, • including: October,
$4 15; November. $4 20f<M 25; December, $4 45; I
January, $4 50<&4 55; February. $4 60; . March,
$4 65; May. $4 SO; June, $4 SO: July, $4 85; Au
gust, $4 90. Snot coffee — Rio, dull and easy.
No. 7 invoice, 6 7-16 c; No. 7 jobbing, 6 16-lSc.
Mild, quiet. Cordova, 6%@U%c. .. ' .
SUGAR— Raw, Irregular. Refined, Irregular.
BUTTER— RecelptB. 5419' packages; steady.
Western creamery, 18@23c; June creamery,
18'4Ti22c; factory, lS@l6c. :
EGGS— Receipts. 5613 packages. Steady.
Western ungraded at mark,' 13@17c. '
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. California dried
fruits, steady. .
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7V4c;
prime wire tray. 7%®80; choice. B%@9c; fancy,
SfMHe.
.. PRUNES-3%@S%e. • - ' -' -_
APRICOTS— RoyaI, Moorparlt.- 14®
16c. ... ' .. -, . ■ v V.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%®9c, new. '_. ,■/ ■
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— Partly on account of
misunderstanding in regard to the Northwest
receipts and partly on the advance at Liver
pool, wheat opened strong and at a substantial
advance, December %c higher at 71%tf?71'sc
and September %c. higher at 72c. Duluth re
ceipts were placed at but 145 cars, and the to
tal at both Northwest points at 556 cars, which
induced considerable covering by shorts, the
falling off being totally unexpected. Minne
apolis figures were in error, however, and the
total was corrected to 884 cars, against 878 last
week and 931 a year ago. This amount was
heavy enough to induce some selling by the
early buyers and prices sagged for a time, De
cember declining to 71 cents. About an hour
after the opening the market, which in the
meantime had been gradually rising on heavy
buying by Barrett & Farnum, who were said
to be heavily short, was startled by the an
nouncement of their failure, atid in an Instant
the pit was In an uproar. It was reported the
suspended firm was short at least 5,000 k OOO
bushels, although heavy buying for their ac
count was done early In the session, and this
fact caused the December price to jump from
about 71'^c, to which point it had previously
advanced, to 73 cents, and then to 73% c, in an
exceedingly short time. For some time the
market ran wild. The price changed with great
rapidity under an enormous amount of trad
ing, December dropping to 72<4c, back to 72% c,
then to 72c, and up again' to 72% c. It was
estimated that about 3,000,000 busheVs were
bought for the account of the distressed firm
in about ten minutes. The skyward opening
brought all clanses of shorts into the market.
The flurry over the failure gradually subsided
and December settled back to 71 7 /»c. During the
latter part of the sesston wheat was almost at
a standstill and prices kept within an extreme
ly narrow range. During the bulge in Decem
ber September had advanced tr> 73% con a very
s-mall amount of business. Offers to sell about
25.000 bushels September later brought no bids
and the prices was forced down to 70%e. but it
later recovered to and closed at 72c. Decem
ber held firm at about 71T*c and closed at that
price.
Corn was slightly affected by the excitement
Incidental to the failure, and fair advances re
sult inp during the morning. The Interest of the
suspended firm was small In corn, however, and
later prices settled back. December closed a
shade higher, but September lost V*c.
Oats were also somewhat affected by the
wheat flurry and prices ruled higher all day,
December closing \»c up.
Provisions were about steady all day. with
little trading either way. The market started
firm. It weakened a little later on sales at
tributed to Barrett & Farnum, but later ral
lied and closed steady. The cash demand for
meats continued good. At the close January
pork was a shade lower and lard and ribs 2%c
higher each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 72 73% 70% 72
December 71% i 73 ; 71% 71%
May 74% 75% 74% 74%
Corn No. 2 —
September 34 v; 34% 33% 34
December 29% 29% 29% 29%
May 30% 30% 30 30%
Oats No. 2— ,"
September 22% 22% 22% 22%
December 22"-, 22V* . 21% 22%
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
•less Pork, per barrel —
October 8 02% 8 07% 795 8 02%
December 8 15 8 20 8 10 8 15
January 965 9 67% 9 57% 9 62%
Lard, per 100 pounds—
October SSO 6 32% 5 27% 5 32%
December 5 40 5 40 5 35 5 40
January 550 6 .'2% 6 47% 5 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October "20 520 5 07% 515
January 6 02% 605 500 505
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 70c; No. 3 Spring
Wheat. 69@72c; No. 2 Red, 72c; No. 2 Corn,
33%533%c: No. 2 Oats, 22%^23c; No. 2 White,
24%g25Uc; No. 3 White, 24324% c; No. 2 Rye,
56^ic: No. 2 Barley, 35%@46c; No. l Flaxseed,
$112: Prime Timothy Beed. $2 25; Mess Pork,
per barrel. J7 40®S 05; Lard, per 100 pounds,
$5 17%!35 30; Short Clear Sides (loose), $S "'•■<
6 30; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 6@6%c;
Short Clear Sides (boxed). $5 5505 65; Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 22.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28.000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 137.000 8,00")
Corn, bushels 755.000 374.000
Oats, bushels $46,000 402,000
Rye, bushels 13.000 ..:....
Barley, bushels 94,000 74,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. IMj22c: dairy. 13
<[flSc. Cheese, steady; 10%(gll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, I:.'--- ■  .-,-"< - *.r' < '. -
— : •
Foreign Futures.
$ »
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 69% 6 11% .6 1%
Closing 5 9% 6 11% 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. , Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 15 20 10
Closing 19 20 20 25
Flour-
Opening 25 30 26 60
Closinz 25 50 26 75
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Malagas, V.M
9oc single crates. Peaches— George's Late. 80®
*f>r; I^evi Cling, 65Ccf$l 10: fcalway, 80®90c.
Pears— Bartletts, Jl 20<g2 65 boxes. 70cig$l 10
half boxes.
Porter Rros.' Company sales: Pears—Bart
letts. 7ac'is2 SO box and 75e{?$l 10 half box:
Be< kl-s. SI half boxes; Olout Morceau, $2 6.".
box. Peaches— Salways. 65c£$l 10 box; Clings.
65@80c; George's l-nt'. 8O085o; Lev! Cllnß. 85c<i
$1 06; Picquptn-s. Sic; Smock. SOc. Grapes-
Tokays SOcQtf 30 half crates: Muscats. 4r,cS7>
$1 35; mixed, ?scSsl: Malvolse. Ssc half crate.
Fourteen cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Porter Rros.' Company
sales California fruit to-day: Pears— Hart -
letts. $1 50@2 8S box: Estoer Buerres, $1 WS
1 86 box an,! fi.V half box. Peaches— Salways.
:• ajl 15 box- October's Late. SOc; Levl Clings.
75c®$l 15 box; George's Late. 65@5.".c box.
Grapes— Cornk'hons. $1 45 hair crate; assorted,
$1 05; Tokays. 860011 20; Muscat, 40(g75c. Fif
teen cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction as
follows: Grapes— Emperor, tingle crates, Jl 20.
]'• ,-hi-s— Georges Late, boxes. $1 05f(fl 40, aver
ac.' Jl 16; I>evi Cling, Jl'rfl 20, average $1 10:
Salway, O®l fe, average $116. Unfavorable
weather: two cars sold to-day.
BOST< )N Sept. 21.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, slncle crates, O. r >c@Jl 35, aver
age $1 OS. Peaches— Salway. boxes, 90e<g$l 4",
average 9Sc. Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 10*9)
260 average $1 95. Prunes— Hungarian, single
crates, $2 25; Silver. Jl 15©l 25, average $1 23.
M< i.VTRKAL, Sept. 21. -The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: Peaches— Salway, boxes, $1 oo@l 20,
average $1 12.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 11,851
bales. France was less conservative and oper
ated freely In merinos, but the home trade se
cured the bulk of this grade. Prices hardened
all around, fcoured locks and pieces especially
bringing full figures. Crossbreds commanded
great attention, and the finest qualities were
heM at rates higher than the opening. Ger
many competed with the home trade for suit
able* pircels. Coarse wool sold quickly and
advanced in to 15 per cent above the July
average. Yorkshire was a strong buyer.
France secured moderate lines and Ainerlca
about 100 bags. Sllpes sold well at 7>^ per
cent advance and short coarse wools at barely
5 Cape of Good Hope and Natal was in
small supply and when offered brought out
strong competition. Most of the offerings con
sisted of scoured, and the price rose 10 to 15
per cent.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— A moderate run of cat
tle to-day was offset by a light demand, and
with the exception of choice beeves prices were
not very firm. Good to choice cattle, $5 70(3)
6 90: commoner gra%s, $4 25@5 65; bulls, cows
and heifers. $1 50@5 60: Texas steers, $3@4 20;
rangers. $3 25#r, 20; calves, %&<&s.
Trade In hogs was rather dull and prices
were largely 2v£igi6c lower. Heavy hogs, $4 10@
4 65; mixed lots, $4 30^4 75; light, »4 35@4 70;
pigs. $3 75(JT4 60: culls. $J@4.
Bheep and lambs were in poor demand and
prices suffered a decline of about 10c all
around. Western range sheep, $4#4 40; good
ewes, $S7s(g>3 85: rams. $2 25^3 25: native lambs,
$4@6 16; Western range flocks. $4 30® 6 35.
Receipts— Cattle, 9500; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
14.000. .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 2L— Consols, 104%; silver,
27d; French rentes, lOOf 77c; wheat cargoes off
coast, sellers at an advance of 3@6d: cargoes on
passage, less offering; English country mar
kets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 2L— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California. 6a %d@6s Id: wheat In
Paris, steady; weather In England, weak.
- COTTON— 3 19-32 d. - •
.; • • : :■ CLOSING.
; WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red winter steady. 5s
9&d; No. 1. California, 6s 3%dr spot No.- : -1
northern: /spring: steady, 6s l%d. Futures-
Steady; September, os 5%d; December, 5b ll%d;
March, 6s l"i&.
CORN— Spot American mixed new firm. 3s
6%d; da old firm, 3s 6«4d. Futures— Steady;
September. 3s 6%d; October, 3s 6d; November,
3s fid.
'.'[',;. Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. 21.— Clearings, $236,599;
balances. 192,213.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
- , .... ■. vXVmVjUo*
PORTLAND, Sept. 21.— Receipts of wheat are
i increasing slightly, but are still small enough
! to make the market very uninteresting, espe
cially as a portion of the wheat now coming to
hand is In consignment. - Walla Walla Is
quoted at 59@60; Valley, 60@61c; Bluestem, 61®
62c. -■; ,■ ■•- ■ . ■
Foreign wheat shipments from -Portland for
the week ending- to-day were 640,705 bushels.
•' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. • Wheat Is Inactive. A
total of thirty-seven cars received to-day, the
first from Walla Walla shows 50 per cent No
1 grade. Club, 58c; Bluestem,. 60<g61c.
.! J : '■ — • | .
+-. — — — — — ' — ~ ■ — : _ — ♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
„ — 4
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — . $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — YlVt
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican , Dollars » 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Wheat and : Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market was decidedly better
yesterday and quotations moved up a fraction,
with a fair demand for shipment. Futures did
not follow suit, owing to the Irregularity at
Chicago. ;'. l :-'}";-'= : =* ".;■■>"-.
I Chicago opened firmer under better foreign
, advices. The market was active, but the de
, mand was chiefly to fill shorts and holders
I sold freely. A reaction was expected, but the
; market held up better than anticipated. Re
i ceipts at all four of 'the winter wheat markets
1 were only 115,000 bushels. - Speculation in
creased, but the failure of Barrett & Farnum
caused much excitement and the market fell
, back again. •V^ ■ •; ;
Snot Shipping, $1 02%@l 05; milling,
; $1 0.%@l 10..
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
10.000 ctls. $1 00%. May— 2ooo, ;i 15%; 4000,
$1 15*.
Second session — No tales.
Regular morning session — May 8000 ctls,
$1 16<4. December— Booo, $1 09%.
! Afternoon . session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 09>£. May— Jl UVi.
BARLEY— Futures are rising:, but the soot
market is still well supplied and dull. There
are more sales under than over SOc.
Feed, 72-u,igS2%c; Brewing, B"V4@9oc; Cheva
lier, Jl@l 12% per ctl. :,-'
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— December—
! ctls M%e. ' May— 2ooo, &6' 2 c; 2000, 86% c; 2000,
86% c; £000. 86» 4 c.
I Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— A choice lot of white sold at $1 20,
though the figure is rather extreme. The
market continues dull. White. Jl 0501 17%;
Red. $1 00@l 12%; Black. 90@971ic per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White
and mixed. $1 02^1 05 per ctl.
RYE— IOO96c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
.
I FLOUR— California family extras, $3 WftZ 75,
I -lpual terms: bakers' extra?, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J3 40<ft3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 25i§3 for su
. rerifine.
MIL.LPTUFFS — Prices in packs are as fol
■ lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
'< Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7:.; Rye
i Mral, 12 ."0; Rice Flour, $7; Oornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, U 60494 "':
'■ Oat Greats f* "■'•; Hominy. $3 _ .<<i3 50; Huok
wheat Flour, $464 25; Crackpd Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, l\ TO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oat 3 (barrels), $fi 56<&6 stß; in sacks, }6 354(6 75,
Penrl Pfirley, $5; Split Peas, H 50; Green Peas,
$: per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
! Receipts of Hay continue to fall off. but the
, market shows no Improvement. Rolled Barley
has a downward tendency.
BRAN— SIS 60ii17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50<g19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley. $17 60018 per
' ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028; Jobbing,
128 50(529; Cocoanut Cake, S2Clg'2l: Conyneal.
$23 50*524 60: Cracked Corn. J24@25: Mixed Feed,
$ i r, j i *l ; 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 Bo©B 50 for common to good
and |Sol 2". for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6®
; 8 50 Oat, $6®7 50; Barley, $3@7; Island Barley.
$695 50; Alfalfa. $3 50 T/ 7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 $00*.
| STRAW— 3O<g3Sc per hale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers report a very dull market for Beans
at unchanged quotations.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 6o@l 75: Small White,
$2 10®2 15; Large White, $1 60(ffl 75; Pinks.
' $' lo<&2 25; Reds. »4; Blackeye, $3®3 25; But
ters, nominal: Limas. $4 05® 4 15; Pea, $2 10®
2 15: Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustnrd. 2H<Mc; Yellow Mus
tard, 3*;*>4c; Flax. $1 90®2 10; Canary Seed,
2\<3'3c per lb for California and 3V»c for East
ern; Alfalfa, nominal* Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4®
4V»c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. U 25@1 50; Green. $1 65
| @2 per ctl. ■
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
; The only thing new is a slight advance In
Onions. Potatoes of all kinds continue weak.
The supply of Vegetables is as large as ever.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60>lj6ric; Early Rose,
■ 40@55c; Burbanks. 40@S0c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, 75c<g$l 35, lat
ter fieure (or best Merced.
; ONIONS— 7Sig9Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50@
'"'VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2®2Hc per lb;
String Beans, 2c; Lima Beans, 2c; Cabbage.
f.o<3 We- River Tomatoes. tfOCSC: Alameda To
matoes. 20® 40c: -Egg Plant, 2.".f?35c; Green Okra,
30®50c per box; Dried Okra, 12'ic per lb: Gar
lic 25 3c: Green Peppers, 255135 c for Chill and
25&35 C ncr box for Bell; Carrots, 30®40c per
I sack- Bay Cucumbers, 25® 35c: Pickles. $175
per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2: Summer
: Squash 20@30c; Marrowfat Squash, $6®S per,
ton- Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack; $I@l 25 per
crate for Alameda and 73@S5c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The scarcity In Game continue!.
Turkeys are still higher, and Ducks and
Geese are firm. Otherwise the Poultry market
1 is unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16®17c for Gob
! biers and 16® 17c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
j 19@20c; Geese, per pair, lsl 50@l 75; Goslings,
I $1 75®2- Ducks, $3 5004 for old and $4®6 for
I young; Hens. »3 50®5; young Roosters. $4@5;
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 60; Broilers, $3
©3 50 for. large. $2 50®3 for small; Pigeons,
Isl 2501 50 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 for
Squabs. K?iV; r < '■"- *
- GAME— Doves, $1 per dozen: Grouse, $8:
Sage Hens, : Mountain Quail. $3 50; Hare.
$125; Rabbits, $1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs, y,
: The ruling price for fancy Butter Is 25c,
• though some . specials are s bringing 26c. The
' market I has apparently touched bottom.
Cheese is quiet and in free supply.
Eastern Eggs are bringing more money.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26<s, with some
' specials at 26c; seconds, 23024 c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22',*@23c; good to choice, 21©
1 22c; store, nominal. ;:::
Pickled roll, 20®21c: .firkin, 19®21c; cream
' cry tub. 21®22c per lb.
' . CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10
®10% c; Young America, ll@HHc; Eastern,
14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 21© 1 for store and 27®30c
- per dozen for ranch ; Eastern, 2?»4®25e for se
lected, 21ij?22c for No. 1 And l"@2oc for seconds. 1
[ Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
| Grapes of all kinds are steady and Wine
Grapes rule firm. ,
Melons maintain the advance already noted.
Tree fruits are undisturbed,
i Lemons and Limes continue scarce and firm.
' ■* Cranberries are green and hard to sell
'< DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
. Apples. 35®60 per box for common and 75c
@$l for good to choice, •v^'
BERRlES— Blackberries. $3@4 per chest •
1 Strawberries, $7®B per chest for small and
' $1 50®4 for large berries; Raspberries, $3@4 ncr
chest: Huckleberries, CiglOc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. $S per bbl. ,• ; sconsm
, Grapes. 35®40c per box for v Sweetwater ■ 25®
40c for Black. 35®60c for Muscat,- 23®50'c for
j Tokay, 75c for Seedless, 50@G0c for Cornlchon
. and.3s@4oc for Isabellas: crates sell 10<Slit>
higher: Wine Grapes,. $iO®24 per. ton. .
Watermelons, $5®20 per id).
Cantaloupes. 50c(g$l 25 per crate; Nutmeir« -i
25@65c per box. meKß> j
Pears. Bartlett, 73e@$l 25 per box: Winter
Pears, 50c®$l per box. •
Figs, 40@75c per box for double layers of
black and 35@50c for white.
Peaches, 25®85c per box. „-.♦•
Plums and Prunes, 35@75c per box and crate.
Quinces. 40(6 60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Lemons, »2#3 for com
man and $3 8004 50 for good to choice ; . Mexican
Limes. $7 50<§8; California Limes, $1; Bananas,
$1 50@2 E0 per bunch; Pineapples, $I®2 oO per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The trade reports a growing demand for
all kinds of fruit, including Prunes, which
have been the dullest thing on the list for a
long time. Sales are larger and prices are
firm all along the line. The recovery in
Peaches is maintained.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. In
sacks, 5%c for 40-50' s, 4^c for 50-60" 3%@4c for
60-70' s. 3@3>,ic for 70-80" s, 3@3V(,c for 80-90's and
2%'g3c for 90-100's; Apricots, l»@llc for Royals,
144r15c for Moorparks and 12Cul-'Uc for Blen
heims: Peaches. if/He for Standards. 5<56e
for choice and 6Vs@Tc for fancy: peeled Peaches,
10(fTllc: Evaporated Apples, 6«8' 2 c; Sun-dried.
4@sc per 1b; Nectarines, 7'^®Bc per lb for
red and S@9c for white: Pears. s@7c for quar
ters and 7%'2'9c for halves; Black Figs. 3c;
White Figs. fi-ffGUjc: Plums, 5%@6c for dark and
7<S7Vic for bleached. ■
RAISINS— 3-v,c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown 5%c for four crown. Efl«%C for Seedless
Sultanas. fi-fflOc for bleached Thompson s Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes.
2 NUTS— Walnuts. s@Sc for hardshell. 10©12 c
for softshell: Chile Walnuts, ll@12c: Almonds.
10«4®ll>/4o for paper shell. B@9c for soft anil
4©6 c for hard shell:. Peanuts. f^/Se^c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts.BHs)9c; Filberts, ll@
ll%c: Pecans. m<SSc: CocoanuU. J4 50@5. •
HONEY— Comb. ll^c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7U@7»4c:
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5Hc per
lb
BEESWAX— ">26e per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S^c per lb for
heavy, aigS'-fec for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13'4c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12 50; Family. Jl4; extra Prime Pork. $12 50;
extra clear, $16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked
Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at X*i<(ts\c per lb fcr
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure,
7V4c; 10-lb tins. S^c; 5-lb tins, S^c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6 7 /i@7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10<ftl0'4c; medium, 9ijT94e; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c: Stags, 6c: Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlinrs, 20#30c each; short
Wool, 33®60c each; medium, 70090 c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, Bait, $2@2 25 for
large and $1 25igl 50 for small; Colts, 26@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^i'J?ric per lb; No.
2, 4i64Vic; refined, ; grease, 2@2V4c
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17'flSc;
Eastern Oregon. 12(g14c for choice and 9<&ll>6c
for fair to good.
Fall Cllr>— San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 7@«c: San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain, "H®9c; Northern free, 9®llc; do, de
fective. 7'il?loc per Ib.
HOPS— Quoted at ll@l3o per lb asked.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are weak at the decline already noted,
and the packers expect to buy still cheaper
later on, as offerings are fully up to the de
mand. The other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Sc per lb for Steers and 6ft@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MI'TTON — Wethers. 7'^Bc; Ewai, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. Sfff^Hc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, r.'^ifroHc for small. 5%c for
medium and 5V4c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, SV-c; dressed Hogs. 7@SV4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags are lower and the. season
Ib about over. Calcutta Grain Bags, 6V4@7c;
Wool Bags, 2G@2Sc; Fruit Bags, 5V4c, s><s,c and
6c for the three grades of white and 76*740 fur
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, IS; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 50 'n bulk and $10 75
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has reduced Its prices ■ and now quotes,
terms net cash, In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered,
6%0; Candy Granulated. ">c; Dry Granulated,,
4V- Confectioners' A, 4T»c; California A, — ;
Magnolia A, 4^c; Extra C. 4Hc: Golden C. 4Kc:
barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, He more;
boxes, \i, c more; 50-lb bags, He more. No order |
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c: boxes, s" c per lb.
QUICKSILVER— Has again advanced to $46
per flask for local use. ' . ■
CEMENT— The spot stock Is practically ex
hausted, but there are . large supplies on the
way from Europe.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sks 11, 331 Straw, tons 24
Wheat, ctls 8,120 Hops, bags 200
Barley, rtls 56. i»T5 Wool „ bags 164
Oats ctls 2.5T5 Pelts, bdls 252
Corn. East, etls.. 600 Hides, Xo 631
Butter, ctls 16S Powder, cases.... 50
Cheese, ctls 221 Lime, bbls :>1
j Tallow, ctls 2S2Eggs. doz 8.460
! Beans, sks 2.V Raisins, bxs 1,600
j Potatoes, sks 3,273. Quicksilver, risks 50
• Onions, sks 596 leather, rolls 7*
! Bran, sks 240 Wine, gals 9,650
Middlings, sks... 355 Sugar, bbls 2.4.-.0
I Hay, tons S36' Sugar, sks 955
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 820! Oats, ctla 480
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull on the morning session.
The sugar stocks were firmer and Makaweli
sold up to (49 12»J.
On the afternoon session Giant Powder ad- i
vanced to $74 62%.
Mining stocks were weak and generally lower '
j than on the -preceding day.
i The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30 '.
1 this morning the water was 84 feet 2 inches '
| below the 1950 level station. No. 2 elevator lias
been running continuously." '.:■.•-.
The Belcher Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 15c per share, delinquent Oc- i
tober 25.
! The Overman assessment of 6c per share will '
: be delinquent In the company's office to-day.
Dividends of quicksilver companies have ]
j been declared as follows: New Idria. 10c and
20c extra: Xapa, 10c and 20c extra: Boston, 10c;
Aetna. 10c and 5c extra. All are payable Oc
tober 2. That on Boston is the first declared
on the stock. The dividends are an increase
of 5c on Aetna and 10c on Na»a and New
Idrla.
The Central Light and Power Company paid
a dividend of 5c per share Wednesday.
The California .Powder Company paid a
dividend of II per share Wednesday.
! The letter from the Justice mine for the
week says: During the past week our work
at the mine has been confined principally to
raising and repairing the collar of the main
shaft. These surface repairs were finished on'
; September IS and work resumed in the mine
on September 19.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept. 21-2 p. m
Bid. Ask. J, M . .
is quar coup.. ll2* - j Mutual El Co. 15V iku
4s quar reg.... - - O G Lft H. 49 in
(h quar new... — 131% Pao Gas Imp' _ .2
Ss quar coup..lOSV£lo9 i Pac L Co «iii il
Miscellaneous— S F G & c"" «i? tru.
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 - San Fran ail ™*
C C Wat 65... 1071,4109 Stockton Gas" 12 %
lid L & P 65. .130 — Insurance—" ~
F& Cl Ky C 5.114 — Flrem's Fund 22S
Geary-st U ss. — 96 Bunk Stocks- ~
H C * 8 5%5. 1071,4 - Anglo-Cat 6S
LA Ry 85....108>,4— Bank of Ca1"283 <>«
L A LCo 65.. 98 - Cal SD &T _ ,?
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nationl" — sir
Do gntd 5sN - 100 Lon P& A 12SU
Market-st 65. ..126 V, — Mer Exchange — T«
Do Ist M 68.114% — Nev Nat Bk IS2UI«S
NCN G R 75.112 - Saving Banks *
NR of Cal 65.114 - Ger S & L lfiKO
N R of Cal ss. - 116K Hum S 4 L 1050 «
NPC nit iis,iOfiV4 - , Mut Parßk < 52,,
NPC R R 55'.106H -.: S F Say U 500 B? 4
N Cal Rlt ss.Hl - Say & L So" - JS U
OCL ft H Rs.lOS - Sec Say Bk' I ,™
Oak Trans 65.11 l 112 Union T Col4oo iLn
Om CRy 68...123 130 Street UaUroaV
pA c o R y S:J2 _ ornl " •••?""-
SF & S JV55.116 — l-owaer—
SRy of Cal 65.1t)8V4 — California 1^ 165
RPOf A 65..:. - 113 X Dvnamlti «' 16 °"
SP C « a (1905).ll0tf - Giant Con Co" «« wv
P V C.CsaSOfi). — 114^ Vigorit iS. iJf
S P C 65<1912). — 122 I SUBap-.* % 2%
£PCis eg 65.102V4 - • Hana PCo 14.V v
SPBr 6s — 125V4 Haw C Asp« Int
S V Wat 65.... 113% -S Hutch SP Co 4$ ™-
S V Wat 45.... 104 10414 Kilauca SCo V * $V*
S V W4s(3dm)lolVilo2 Makawelf SC " 49 4L
I Stktn Gaa 6 V - - Onomea S C 39 1*
: ■ Water Stocks— Paauhau S Co 27« ts
Contra Costa.. 74 76 MiscellanroSsi % "
s a r n G d a8 c o ct lc -- tevv*: •»•
Cent L & P... l\L 6V4 ac C Rnr rk' '*«,.
Equit G L CO. &5* P C r t'a?nt Co! ~S*-*
Morning Session.
Board— , - . - . .
235 HutchlnsonS PC0...... ' 29 75
*2«00 Los Angeles Railway 5a 'ins -I
80 Makawell Sugar C 0..:.. ■'■•"49 uft
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTfI, Auctioneer.
TO-DAY (FRIDAY) Sept. 22, 1899
Elegant stock chinaware, glass, tin and gran-
ite ware, notions, lamp chimneys, etc., at
2 p. m., at 414 McAllister st. Dealers in-
vited.
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 6s ....11l 50
IB Onomea Sugar Co 38 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 37 25
65 Spring Valley Water 101 76
$SCOO Spring Valley 4s (second mortgage). lo4 25
$100 United States 3s 108 00
Street— ' ■ I J
-25 Paauhau S P Co 37 00
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 11l DO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
75 Alaska ■ Packers' Association 117 87Vi
1 Bank of California 253 :.fl
100 Equitable Gas ' * •
25 Giant Powder Con 74 U
25 Giant Powder Ccn 'i»'!j
25 Giant Powder Con...'. 74 oO
25 Giant Powder Con ■■ 74 •_:',
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co % 50
70 Hutchinson S P Co 29 87',i
$9000 Los Angeles Hallway Bs 108 25
25 Maka\v..li Sugar Co i 49 25
I 1 ''! Makaweli Sui-ar Co 49 12 l i
$1000 Market St Ky first con 5s 115 00
10 Oceanic S S Co SS 75
175 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00
160 Paauhau S P Co ! •'•"•"■■
16000 S 1" .*.• S J V bonds 116 2a
f-iCOO Spring Valley 4s» (second mortgage' 124
$3000 Spring Valley 6s 114 00
Street —
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (second mtge)...104 12- :
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Giant Powder Con «3 75
SO Equitable Gas .' 4 6.-,
20 Oakland Gas <3 2o
30 Paauhau Sugar Co Si 00
20 Spring Valley Water ;-*2Hi^
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (second mortgage). lo4 2o
100 Vlgorit Powder I 62^
Afternoon Session.
Board — ..
25 Hutchinson S P Co 30 00
50 Market Street Railway 62 oO
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 oO
150 Makaweli Sugar Co «»
20 Spring Valley Water 101 i a
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 4SI 100 Hale & Norcrs. M
200 Bullion .... 05! 900 Potosl 52
100 Caledonia 62 100 Savage 30
700 Chollar 42 150 Sierra Nevada. 75
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ........ 29 200 Gould & Curry. 27
100 Bullion 06 100 Ophlr . .... ....1 10
100 Caledonia 60 j 50 Sierra Nevada. 
800 Chollar 42 i
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 05 100 Con Cal & V.I 72<4
700 Belcher 31 ' 900 Overman 18
400 Belcher 29 300 Overman 15
200 Belcher 2S 900 Savage 2$
100 Best & Belcher. 47 000 Sierra Nevada. 7..
eOOO Bullion 05 150 Standard 3 25
200 Caledonia 67 100 Union Con 42
500 Chollar 42, 20) Union Con 43
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 47 500 Con Imperial... 02
100 Best & Belcher. 4« 600 Overman 17
50 Caledonia 57 200 Potosl 52
500 Chollar 43 800 Potosi 63
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 800 Savage 30
600 Con Imperial... 01 200 Union Con 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, September 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 07 Justice 08 09
Alta 04 01 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 13 11 LadjF Wash 01 02
Tielcher ........ 27 28 Mexican 46 47
! Best & Belcher 46 47 Occidental 23 25
Bullion 05 <"' >phlr 110 11.1
Caledonia 80 82 Overman 16 l*
Chollar 42 43|Potosi "3 55
Challenge Con. 3; S-Ji?avage 29 31
Confidence 70 75 ; Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 -eg Belcher — 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02! Sierra Nevada. 77 78
Crown Point... 20 22 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Standard 300 —
; Eureka Con — 50 Byndicate — 07
Exchequer 02 01 St Louis 07 —
Gould & Curry. 26 28 Union Con 42 43
1 Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 Utah 12 14
! j u a — 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. 27 23
Notice to Mariners.
SAX PEDRO CALIFORNIA.
From Information received from Captain
James J. Meyler. Corps of Engineers, United
States army, the following: notice is given In
regard to the maintenance by the contractors
of temporary lights on the breakwater now
building at San Pedro, Cal.
(1) A fixed white light, shown every night
from sunset to sunrise, is placed on the west
end of the breakwater. Point Fermin light
house bears S 58 deg. W, distant 4500 feet.
(2) A fixed red light, shown every night, from
sunset to sunrise, is placed on the outer end
of the breakwater and is now S 72 (leg. E. from
the white light, distant 1500 feet. Both lights
are on the axis of the breakwater, and all ves
sels are cautioned from passing between them.
S \NTA BARBARA CHANNEL — CALI
-. i FORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that on September 12,
IS9H, a whistling buoy, painted black and white
perpendicular stripes and marked with the let
ters "St. B" In white, was established In 114
feet of water off Santa Barbara, Cal., In the
following bearings, viz.: Santa Barbara light
house. W V 4 N, distant 1 15-16 miles; SE cor
ner shed on" P C S S Co.'s wharf, N by W %
W. distant 1 15-16 miles. .
SAX LUIS OBISPO BAT— CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that a small wooden
buoy, painted black, was established Septem
ber 17, 1599. to mark a barge load of rock acci
dentally dumped In San Luis Obispo Bay, Cal.
There is 10 feet of water on the rocks, with
IT to 20 feet all around. The 10-foot spot la
about 250 feet from high-water mark on Whaler
Island and Is XE *£ X from center of Whaler
Island. The buoy is on the following bearings,
viz : San Luis Obispo lighthouse. WSW \
W, distant % of a mile: SE corner of P C S 8
Co.'s wharf, N by "W % W, distant nearly 4 a
mile.
As soon as practicable- -a horizontal striped
spar buoy will be placed to mark this pile of
rocks.
POINT j3UCHOX— CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that the whistling
buoy off Point Buchon, CaL, is now in good
working order.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
■ U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse District.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Seotember. 1899. •
-_
6*. Mo Tn. We Tn Fr. Sa. Mooa'« Phases.
en. Mo To. We Th Fr.jSa. Mooa'< Phases.
1 J /_\ K»w Moon,
1 I /_\ NawMooo.
| L. : W Sept. 4.
i — __ _- -i _L __ _!_ k >"rst Qua-ter.
_________________ -m»«t Quaker.
! 10 11 13 13 14 15 18 •* Sept" 12'
1 z z z z z z zl©_i^r
ZZZZZZZ§__!_^___,
| 124 25 26 27 28 29 80 I,*- Law Quarter'
: , ' 1 I K< Sect. 6.
1 .—I ' ■ -
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 21, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. * at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N'.. In charge.
♦ «
Sun, Moon and Tide.
«1■ ; »
" .-'■; '; -"' a -.•.'-. ■■■ ' '-'- ■■': •-■ --"■.'■ i
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NQJ-E—^The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the sara at both places.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 22.
Sun rises £••?*
Sun sets 6 -*?
Moon rises • 7: . P- "\
- Time! ITimel I Time I |Time|
» . I : Ft. I — -! Ft. 1 1 Ft. I 1 "■
J? . |H" W) |l W| H W |L.W|
2TT.. 1.241 "To 6:40 1.9 1:01 "To 7M°!-^'J
23 '.. 2:22 4.6 7:23 '2.4 1:43 5.S 8:39 0.0
24*... 3-:i0', 4.2 8:10/2.8 2:29 5.6 9:40 «■]
25 ... '4:« 4.1 0:101 3.1 3:24 5.3 10:46 0.3
26 ... 6-05 4.11 10:23 3.2 4:26 5.0 11:dO 0.4
27... 7:15 4.2 11:471 3.1 5:39 4.7 .-•••;
L W . H W, L W H . m
28 ... 0:50 0.5 8:06 4.6 1:03 3.0 »:-0. 4.8
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and ihe t=uccesslve tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time Th»
second time column gives the second tine or
the day. the third time rolumn the third tide
and the la«t or rUht hand column gives tns
!ast tide of the day, except when there are Dut
Continued on Page 13.or Tilt I \
\\ BAY CITIES
ALAMEDA WILL
WELCOME HOME
HER SOLDIERS
Citizens Make Elabo
rate Preparations.
TO ENTERTAIN SEVENTY-FIVE
OPEN AIR EXERCISES TO BE
FOLLOWED BY A BANQUET.
Spacious Grounds of Captain Thomp
son Will Be Thrown Open to
the Boys on Saturday
Evening.
A LAMBDA, Sept. 21.— Elaborate prepar
being mad< by the citizens of
Alameda for the reception to be tendered
lay evening to the returned Manila
volunteers, residents of Alameda as well
■ impany < ;. N ■ ; C
who volunteered and w< red to
Vancouver and were retained there until
mustered out. Seventy-five soldier guests
will be entertained.
The programme as arranged Includes
ilr exercises in the beautiful and
spacious grounds of Captain R. R.
Thompson, on High street, to be followed
' at Armory Hall. At 7::i'l
p. m. Company (}. acting as escort to th<_-
Manila volunti ip&nied by the
band and citizens who desire to fall In,
will march from Armor:.- Hall to the
Thompson grounds. These grounds, which
: an entire block, extending
ly from High street to the bay, will
illiantly illuminated with arc and In
lights, the city auth<
i '■ :.ated the cost of wiring and of
.
the grounds include sHee
an address by I
ea A. Sumner, a song, and "The
_:• d Banner." by Miss Charlotte
< '. X Followed by biograph and
:. views of stirring war scenes,
we ■.••• ■■
■ rival and docking of
irt Sherman and the parade of
regiment up Market street.
: lisplay of fireworks
nds.
uiy G will escort the Man
ila boys • Armory Hall. Those who de
• . . mds will
as by the band and .t
jraph and -
ews. The seating capacity of
:. ■ : • i 350, and only
umber of re being die
Ity Librarian ( 'narles
L. Weller will officiate as toastmaster,
.. ■ • ■ lasts will be responded
n ■ 11-known I •• ns. Music
will ■ I by Haug's orchestra.
I ir the reception are
trgi •■.••■ com
trom the various
:■;•■: is. * '. L. X ib
is chairman, A. M k secretary,
W. H Hii chman treasuTer of the
il commit detail work l.«
• tion of an executive com
■ ompos4 d of the
Lmedans: Braln-
J. H. Kno" I
.; i ■ Hi- es Jr. . A. C. Bates,
Miss a. Bremer, H. P.
W. P. Dillon. Mrs. I". H. Fisher.
tne« w er, \V. B. Htnch
p A Kearney. A. Mock. F. A.
■ ird, «'. L. Ri binson. C. H. Smith.
Schui [. X Starkweather,
Dr W K. Scott, James Tait. M. Glas
Garroted on the Squan
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— An aged team
ster named Nichol. in the employ of Y\
T horn, reported to the police to
night that ho was garrou-d and robbe,
InTJefferson Square last Saturday night
Viohol was so had'.y beaten that he 11a
been confined to his house since Jeffer
son Park is the square where the ladle
of the Oakland Club re anxious to es
tabUsh a children's ■ ►ground.
ANNUAL REUNION OF
CHRISTIAN WORKERS
V M C A. MANAGERS ENTER
TAIN PROMINENT GUESTS.
Elaborate Banquet Given Last Even
ing at the Occidental Hotel—Ad
dresses by Well Known
Speakers.
The board of management of the Ban
Francisco and Oakland Young Men's
Christian Association; the State commit
tee of California and a few invited guests
enjoyed »n elaborate dinner last evening
•it the Occidental Hotel. The occasion
was the annual reunion of the gentlemen
through whose energy and untiring effort*
]l X much of the success of the \oung
Men™ Christian Association in this State.
In many respects the event was a mem
onbto ,„;,. Those who responded to the
toasts discussed th. pood work thai had
been'done by the association and Bug
h'-U plans whereby Its benefits mignt
be extended. As »on as the gentlemen
niid their guests took their places around
the feVtal board Rev. H. H. Bell implored
the divine blessing on the men who were
devoting so much of their time to Chris
tian work and the elevation of young
inV-n Holla V. Watt; vice president of the
Sin ' Francisco association and chairman
of the evening, delivered a few Introduc
tory remarks arid offered a welcome to
the Quests. The following toasts were re
sponded to by the gentlwnen named:
••Young Men and Their Place in the
Future of Our Cities." Hon. R. W.
Snow. Mayor of Oakland: "The Edu
cation of Young Men. Dr. David
»'tarr Jordan ot the Stanford l '•■■ • r
slty: "The Duty of xo ins Men in a
Laree City."* Mayor James D. Pht-la.i;
•Our Intel-national Convention.' ' D.
Edward Collins; president of iho Oak
land associations "Our Army Work,"
\\ M Parsons; State secretary Of Cal
ifornia- "The Yoimg Men's ChrisUon
Association a Factor In the Religious ,
Life of the I'ount? Men of Our City 1 ;
Rev J N. Heard: "Our Wight School
for Men," A. A. Mncurda. educational
director of the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association; "The
Young Men Who Succeed." Irving M.
Scott; "Our Association/ H. J. Mc-
Coy.
Among those who attended the banquet
were the following: _ ,
n v Watt Governor .1. E. Rickards of
Monti • Hon. Jarnei D. I' 1",1", 1 " 1 !' Hon. "' ' ■'";'
\v snow. Dr. David Starr Jordan. Irving M.
srntt Hey- H. H 4 Bell. D.r>., General W. It.
Bhafter captain K. A. White. A. P. Black,
T H Sly" George H. <-olllni>. Rev. I- J. Gar
" . Ju'lKe B P. Sawyer. O. W. Dickie.
Thoira" « ,>„.,.. Oeor«e V. Steed. A. A.
M.r^rda E B. Kely. M.D., J. A. Percy. O.
\ Mattern Oeoree A. Mullln.-O. B. Perkins.
A. aln " uuon. William Balnaree, LouUi Titus,
h'b Hale William Letts Oliver. I. C. Crook.
n r Wrlcht E. E. KentneW. D. A. Hulm.
Wannre Bradford. A. P . Oartlner. C S.
wriiht W C. Myseli. John Kresan. J. J.
PfWter C R. BlBhop; Alien Pollok, S. F. Buf
-I^l H J McCoy. C. A. May.lwell. P. Ed
i<ir«i. "•...■ »< B Chamberlain. Grove I.
:' 1 DrTd- Erwin nrlnokerhofT. Lj«t« O.
n.irno'p George Roeth, H. R. Jones. Judne J.
v ffnvrn O S Orrick. Geor*e U. M. Gray.
i . h o'ChappeJ. N. H Jacks. C. B. Pom»
r,v %v B R Dille. -D.D., A. B. Nye. RoV.
r TT Hobart c W. Cnrtnany. W. M. Par-
Bonl ," N ' Beard. P.P.. Edward Coleman.
Old Merchant Drops Dead
M Harris who formerly conducted a
„- store on Pacifle street in thii
dropped dead. presumably of heart
trouble, at the residence of J. Abrahams
WOULD HAVE
SCRATCHED OUT
JANE'S EYES
Bitterness in Hodge-
Nxholi Suit
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Sept. 21.
It la likely that the $50,000 breach of
promise damage suit of Jane Hodge
against John Nicholl, the ag'Xl capital
ist, will go to the jury some time to-mor
row. The taking of testimony was con
cluded early this afternoon, and after
a recess Attorney Emll Xusbaumer of
counsel for the plaintiff began his argu
ment before the jury. He made .in elo
quent and forceful plea, picturing by
words the cruel manner in which the aged
"Duke of Richmond" had lacerated the
affections of his client by breaking the
engagement of marriage. When the at
torney reached that phase of the case
which treated of Mr. Nlclioll's feebleness
he gracefully warned the many women
who had thronged the courtroom that his
closing words of the day might not be
pleasing to them, and so they retired to
the corridors. To-morrow Mr. Xusbaumer
will close his argument, when Attorneys
Mhoon and McKee will argue for the de
fense. Colonel Foote will probably make
the closing argument.
During this morning's session Miss Ma
de Xicholl. daughter of defendant, was
recalled by the prosecution to take the
stand to tell how she came to write let
ters for her father to Miss Hodge. She
said that her father suggested she write
them from his dictation. She admitted
that before mailing these spicy epistles
they had been submitted to Attorney Ma
jor Mhoon, who had suggested a few
changes. She st .ed too that the first
mention she had ever made to her father
about having learned of the engagement
was on the first Monday in December.
Miss Hessie Xlcholl, another daughter
of the defendant was next called. She
too told what had taken place at Jane
Hodges home at the time the latter an
nounced the engagement to heL. "I asked
Jane when she was coming over to our
house." said Miss Hessie, "and then she
asked if Mazie had not told me of the
engagement, and 1 said 'yes.' Jane said:
"I hear you girls are mad at me.' 'Why?'
1 asked." She said: 'Because I am going
to marry your father— didn't he tell you?
I said: "'No, he did not. You know, Jane.
v;e could never get along together. Do
you expect to com? Into our home?' She
said: 'Yes, I suppose so; but you know
your father would never turn you girls
but.' I said: 'I don't see why father
wants to get married," and she said: 'You
know how ardent he is.' I said:
'Jane, you know he is an old man and is
not responsible for what he does.' She
said: ■He knew what he was doing when
he hugged and kissed me the way he did.'
I said: 'We girls are very much averse
to putting anybody In our dear mother's
place,' and she said: 'I d"n't blame you;
if I were in your place I would kick like
a steer.' "  ,
Witness then went on to tell about the
ride with her sister and Jane, during
which "everything was declared oft." Her
testimony here was quite similar to that
of Mazie' Nlcholl's given yesterday. She
too had kept tab on all talks had with
Jilne Hodge. ' ' . ■'_.
Mrs Wilson, a married daughter of the
defendant, was called. She was present
at i].. little episode at the home of Mrs.
X L Boyd, when the latter had told her
of the engagement. Mrs. Wilson testified
that Mr- Boyd on that occasion had said:
"It is shameful. It's a disgrace. How
did you keep from scratching Jane's eyes
out?" Had 1 been In your place 1 would
The deposition of Miss Hodge, taken
some time ago before a notary, was next
read by Attorney Mboon, who thereafter
recalled Miss Hodge in rebuttal of the
testimony of Mazie and Hessie. She tes
tified that she had "never said to them
that her engagement with Mr. Nicholl
was conditional on their decision.
Died While Seeking Fortune.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— Hugh R. Alton
o-day applied for letters of administra
tion on the estate of his son, Frederick
W (Uton. who died Intestate at Hogatla
A BIBLICAL TEXT NOT
JUSTIFIED BY EVENTS
Oakt a\D SeDt TL— Fred A Poor. Secretary of the State of Maine As
sociatlon; Is perhaps justly Incensed that a bank of his native State
should ruthlessly repudiate a $5 bill of Its own issue of September 1. 1837,
which he recently sent there for collection.
The bill In Question was brought to light some time ago from among the
effects of a widowed lady who had passed to the great beyond. It was in per
fect condition, and though the Hank of Maine that bad tesued it sixty-two
veara ago had surrendered its charter under the State, the institution under
ihe same name is now doing business as a national bank. This fact to
gether with the superstitious hopefulness created by th*- fact that the bill had
been found In the old departed souls Bible-right In the midst of the Book
of Job and directly under it the verse which reads, "For T know that my
redeemer liveth." had induced those Int. rested In the estate to send the note
back to its birthplace for redemption. Their chagrin and Bad disappointment
can he surmised when in dxw course the following reply came back: In all
probability the bill is not genuine. We stopped redeeming genuine ones twen
ty-flve years since."
at 442 Fulton street about 5 o'clock laat
evening. Deceased was ." years of age
an>l had business connections and reia
tivea in Portland, Spdkane and Astoria.
He was a widower and retired fr<>m a< I
business In Han Francisco about ten years ■
ago He bad r ntly been making nis ■,
home at tht place where he died.
MULES WILL BE USED.
Superintendent Lynch Writes to :
Mayor Phelan Concerning
the Bush-Street Road.
Mayor Phelan has received a let
ter from H. H. Lynch, superinten
dent of construction of the Market-
Btre«t Railway Company, in reply tn a
previous oomtmraication addressed by
the Mayor to the company asking as
to whether or not the company intend- j
ed constructing a railway on Bush
street between Montgomery and Kear
ny and denying the existence of any
franchise which would give them such
a right. , ,
The letter is self-explanatory and is
as follows:
September 19, 1899.
Hon. James D. Phelan. Mayor of the
City and County "f Ban Francisco—pear
Bir 1 am in receipt of your letter of the \
IStri inst . address, d to rru- as superintend
ent of construction of the Market-street
Hallway Company, in which you say:
"I am informed that you intend to con
' struct an electric railway on Bush street,
Let wren Kearny and Montgomery, for
which you have no pole privilege nor
franchise. Pleajse advise me If I am cor
rectly informed."
The Market -street Railway Company i
i> the successor by consolidation ol the
central Railroad Company, is the owner
1 .i franchise to construct and operate
by means of bosses or mules a line ..r
Ktree.l railroad upon Bush street between I
the points named. The road authorised
by said franchise was entin ly constructed I
and put in operation within the time re- ;
Quired by law. and no forfeiture of the!
same or of any part thereof has !>een tie
clared by any court. Such interruption
Of th»' use of said road ns has . ccurred j
has been merely temporary, without in
tention-of abandonment by the Market- ]
street Railway Company. The tracks,
upon Hush street, between Kearny and ;
S-insome which have now been entirely j
reconstructed of a gauge corresponding
with other lines of its system, will, in the
! absence of permission from the proper
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
SOCIETY BIDS FAREWELL
TO TWO OF ITS FAVORITES
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— T0-morrow
(Friday) evening two of society's
young musical favorites will give
a concert at the Unitarian Church
that will be somewhat in the na
ture of a farewell reception to them.
Miss Grace > ar: 11, who has made a
pood reputation around the bay by her
contralto solo Binglng, especially at
Pt. Francis 3e Sales and in leading
kakat. Alaska, while with the McKenzle
pr< specttng party from Alarm da. Ihe
t« consists of a lot in Alameda. a
promissory ndte for $100 by M. and v.
G. McKenzie, 13000 on deposit In the AJa
mer 1 a Savings Bank, besides UOO worth of
other personal property. The help are
itioner and his wife, and several broth
ers df decedent.
NEVADA ANXIOUS TO
COPE WITH BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Sept 21.— The prospects
are good for an intercollegate football
match this year between the University
of California and the State University of
Nevada, it will not be a game between
the Berkeley freshmen and thq Nevada
varsity team, as in previous years Til.
Nevadans, with a crack player from the
University of Pennsylvania to coach
them, are anxious to face Berkeley's big
team It has not been settled yet whether
the Berkeley men go to Nevada, cr
whether the players from the Sagebrush
State expeel to come to the university
town More lik.-ly the latter will be the
case as the University of California
team can hardly take the time for a trip
out of rhe State before the next Thanks
eiving game.
Manager Saxton of the Nevadans was
at college yesterday making arraokements
with Football Manager Irwin .1. Minna.
The dat« set is for either the second \\ e<i
- v or the second Saturday in No
vember.
His Jaw Badly Broken.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.- -W. »i. I-ehan. a
painter aged 30 years, was treated at the
Receiving Hospital to-day for a badly
;,! ten lower jaw. On the right side was
•i simple fracture, but that on the left
Bide was compound. He appeared to be
under the Influence of liquor. He was
unable to explain by word of mouth or
pen how be bad sustained his injuries,
but from motions he made it was gath
ered that he had been struck by some one
municipal authorities of San Franrisco
\n operate the same by electricity, be op
erated by horses an<l mulps, as authorized
by thf oxisiiiiK franchise. It is not the
i)r«-s( nt Intention of tho Market-street
Railway Company to equip th<> road in
fiuestioh with poles and wires. Yours
truly. H. H. LYNCH.
Superintendent of Construction Market
str«-»-t Railway <'<>mi>nny.
PRISON SALARIES REDUCED
Folsom Directors Give Employes a
Painful Surprise.
The Board of State Prison Directors
paid a quiet visit to Folsom Prison last
Wednesday and held a brief session, par
tikiriK somewhat of thf> nature of a sur
prise party. Without any previous warn
ing to Hiiy of the Interested parties, the
heads of four guards fell into the political
basket ami the salaries of even.- officer at
the. prison, except those of Warden Anil
ami Clerk Brainerd Smith, were reduced
in sums ranging from ir> to $25.
This action of the board came as a great
surprise to everybody connected with the
priibn, the affair being transacted so sud
denly that not only was nobody present
in anticipation of any excitement, but the
inivs of what bad actually taken place
was not made public until yesterday. The
step was taken by the board for two rea
sons — because of the diminution in the ap
propriation made by the Legjslature for
l-'ulsoin Prison at ftp late session and the
fact thai practical lj nothing has been
done for some time in the way of rock
crushlng.
The appropriation for Folsom Prison
tr&a reduced J-'iOO per month, and by the
scientific knifework "f the board, wh;it
would have caused a deficit each month
lias bees completely offset. Each of the
four guards discharged drew a salary of
$.~,'i a month, the aggregate amount saved
by their discharge being $200. The reduc
tion in salaries mci ts the rest of the re
duction in the appropriation. The dis
charge of the guards leaves forty-one men
at the prison, exclusive of officers.
Clerk Brdlnerd Smith was re-elected to
serve for another four years. Bi.s salary
and t hat of the Warden were not reduced
because they arc constitutional. The
Warden's brother suffered a cut of $10 in
the salary he receives for the position of
farnu-r. The bigg<st cut was In the
amount to be pai>. the master mechanic,
who operates the electric plant, his salary
being slashed from $IS"> to $].V).
— , ■ ♦ ■
Japan's detective force is the best or
ganized one in the world.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
synagogues In Oakland and San Fran
cisco, will make her last appearance
before her Oakland friends before her
departure for the East, where she goes
to further perfect herself In her chosen
profession.
Miss Hilda Newman, another oak
land girl, who hac won laurels as a
piano player, has received an engage
ment with the celebrated New York
with a chair and had been thrown down
a night of stairs.
Runaway Girls Apprehended.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21. Florence Mar- |
i|\: s. :i :.rd Anna Hnnna. both aged about
16 years two truants from their homes
in West Oakland, and whom the police
autboritles'haVe been looking for the past
several days, have been finally anpre- ;
hi .l«.i and to-day languish In the City
Prirson. They will be detained for sev
eral days at the least, when. In the opin- j
ion of ' Chief Hodgkins, the two truants
will r.o doubt be pleased to return to their ;
homes, though they complain the re-
Btraints there have been too great of
late.
I . .. —•— — i — ; .
• Battled With a Footpad.
OAKLAND. Sept. _i. Frank Maloney,
a m at the Ruedy Hotel, reported to
the policß to-day that early yesterday
morning he was beaten by a footpad on
Peralta street, near Twenty-rfxth. He
states that he was walking along leis
urely, when suddenly he was ordered to
Btop and throw up his hands by a tall
man. who immediately seized hold on his
watchchaln. Maloney, after a short bat
tle, made his escape. The police do not
Dlace much credence in bis story.
An Aged Couple Wed.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21— Kdwnrd R. Per- \
Tin. a resident of Alnmeda. aged 70 years. I
determined to end his days of single
blessedness, and called at the County
Clerk's office to-day and secured a mar
riage license to make Sarah Johnson,
aged >!4 years, his bride. The marriage i
ceremony, it is understood, was per- j
formed unostentatiously at the bride's I
home in San LeandrO to-night.
Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
marvel of beautiful illustrations
— its half-tone work being es-
pecially fine.
BISHOP MORELAND ON
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
DELIVERS A LECTURE IN ST.
JOHNS GUILD HALL.
Occasion Is the Quarterly Social of
the Parishioners of the
Church.
Rt. Rev. William H. Moreland. Bishop
of Sacramento, delivered an Interesting
lecture nn t'liristinn Science at the
quarterly Lecture of the parishioners at
St. John's church in the Guild Hall, Fif
teenth Street and Julian avenue, last
Digbt.
Rev. Dr. Spaldlng. rector of St. John's,
preside!! and introduced the lecturer with
a few remarks.
Bishop Morelnnri prefaced his lecture
with the statement that the acknow
ledged sincerity of Christian Scientists is
no reason why they should be encouraged
nr followed, declaring that the Turk Is
sincere when slitting the throat of the
Armenian, the atheisi sincere In denying
God and the <'hlnaman sincere In
Worshiping hip joss. He dwelt at length
upon the good and true elements which
enter into their belief and showed how
they were originally derived from the old
Christian faith. He discoursed upon the
varied forms of mental healing which
have been practiced in all ages and at
tributed them to a form of 'suggestive
therapeutics which Bdenee recognizes
and the regular school of medicine prac
tices. He emphasized the evils which fol
low in the train of Christian Science.
naming fis such Insanity, denial of God,
rejection "f Christ and of the Bible as
God's word, eftieminacy of character and
cruelty to the suffering. He Btated that
the real question at slake is persistently
obscured by the followers of this new
cult. It in not whether some people are
now living who might have died but tor
Christian Science. It is whether there
are people now in their graves who might
be alive to-day had it not been for this
delusion. Tho point is not that it is
wr^np to admit mental healing to the
bedside of a patient, but whether it i*
right to refuse all other treatment and
to let patient me rather than adtnlt a
physician. The last is Christian Science,
falsely so called, and it is madness and
folly.
The Bishop quoted a "Prayer for a
Dyspeptic' taken from a text hook on
mind cure issued by the president of tho
"New York School of Primitive and Prac
tical Christian Science." Dr. Hazzard.
who states that his school is free from
eccentricity and fanaticism, to show the
absurdity of the teachings of Christian
Scientist's.
No Cash for Repairs.
Supervisor Holland, chairman nf the
Building Committee, announced yesterday
that his fund was just $;!Jl7 fiu shy ana
would be until the Ist of January. I'u
fler last year's schedule the Butldiftgfl
Committee was allowed $20,0(H) per ahnutn,
or 15000 per quarter, for repairs and BUp
pllea f-.r tbe city's public buildings. Ope
rating "ii that baall since July 1, Super
visor Holland sp.nt his |5000 and $129 75
OV6T and he has bills on hand to the
amount of $3057 S4. When the Supervis
ors fixed the tax levy they cut his al
lowance down to $2500 per quarter, and
now there is not. and will not be, a dollar
left in the fund to buy anything with.
Ladies' Trio, which is one of the lea>.
ing musical organizations in the Em
pire City. To-morrow evening Miss
Newman will play before her friends
for the last time. Some time ago she
studied in Vienna under L<-s-
Chetisky, and since her return to the
i'*ist she has been much in demand.
Giulo Minetti will appear at the
farewell concert of these two young
ladii s, and a programme of rare ex
cel!.nee has been arranged.
QUEER WAY TO INDUCE
A MAN TO LOVE HER
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Thomas B. Free- '
man. who was horsewhipped last night i
by hi.s ex-wife, says lie lives In fear of
belnp killofl by the woman. For three
years the troubles of the Freemans have
been aired in the courts.
"There is no accounting for v hat she
i may do. for shea a wildly excitable
woman," said Freeman to-day. "I do not
believe she cares a bit about alimony.
That is all a lawyer's pretext. She wants
me to take her back, and is taking a
pn tTy way to make me do it She has
been hounding me In the courts for
years, having bad eleven different
iawyers in turn, and I have beat them
j all, without any lawyer at all, be
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF London, England (established 1782), on
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1898, and
for the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aB
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
.Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company...' $2,224,157 &0
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .„„„„-»
Cash in Company's Office .■ ".960 jO
Cath in Banks • 31^,67^81
Interest due and accrued on all  „„ '
Stccks and Loans 24,610 00
Cash in hands of United States
Trustees .......V... 3SO - 107 d 3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
l| cn 164,568 14
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued .............
Due from other Companies for Ke-
int>urance on losses already paid..
Total Assets / ..$3.120.075 OS
LIABILITIES. ~~
Lossee adjusted and unpaid I 24.104 00
Losses in process of Adjustment . or mm
ii^^reElTted'.' including' expenses:'.'. Xofli •• t o 00
Lo^cs resisted. Including expenses... 24.456 00
Gross premiums on -Five Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,600,701 02;
reinsurance 60 per cent.............. 750.300 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning, more than one year. $1,1.3.-
-265 64- reinsurance pro rata........... 686,088 88
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risk*. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent.. •;•••• ;
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ — • ; reinsurance 50
AlTotber demands' against the Com-
pany '• • 1Z1.89Z "
Total Liabilities ..$1.745,145 53
INCOME. '
Net Cash actually received for Fire „
premiums ....f1.W2.438 88
Net Cash actually received for Ma- .
rine premiums VT"j 'i
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Reived Bfor'8 for' YntereVt ' and ' dividends
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and from -r-
all other sources ... . • •• 7i,400 38
Received for pioflt on sale of securl- _ ■■
*\oa ••• •••••••• 3, 49" ft."
Received" from all other sources 3.363 19
Total Income .....$2.075.700 50
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $259,742 73. losses of prevl-
ous years) »1,«z,71l »J
Net amount paid I for Marine Losses
(Including J— ; • losses of
previous years)
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5..... ...;....
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage V,""'*^" 428 ' 898 78
Paid for Salaries. Fees • and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 135.134 17
Paid for State. National and local _ ,
taxes »..,...-.•..'- tJZ.ni'O iB
All other' payments and expenditures. 210.091 09
Total Expenditures .......... $2. 027. 431 St
• Fire.
Losses Incurred during fhe year......51.188.518 99
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ;; a/;'
} % r ar te . n .. d . Ur ! ng .... th $355,433,306 $3,003.947 23
Net amount of Risks
• ear red .... during .. the <05.281.252 3.M5.24S 54 ■
Net amount In force ' 289,855.424 2.673.966 66
December 31, 1898 289.855^,424 _J^i. 966 Ws_ I
E B. CLARK. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 28th
day of . Jan GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. S—
BV\ X\v9\ \S\ X \ I if I OFTHt
cause the right is on my side.
Bbc has had cat-o"-nine-tails up her
sleeve for two years, always carrying it ;
when she goes out, watching for a chance |
to use It. She has threatened my life, \
too, and 1 have been urged by my friends j
who know these things to put her under |
bonds to keep the peace, but I would
rather stand everything than take any
steps against her. I have stood about
everything.
"I allowed her to obtain a divorce from
me although we were never married,
just in order to protect her god name,
and especially that of her children by a
marriage that occurred long before 1
became acquainted with her. I was will
ing to accept the disgrace in order to
protect her, but I have not received
much thanks for it. I never men
tioned this fact until T was asked by
Judge Greene if we were ever married.
Then, the truth came out so suddenly
that the woman was not prepared to
kill me in the courtroom, as she had
sworn to me that she would do. She
happened to be without a gun.
"She is some fifteen years older than
I am, and frightfully Jealous. Why, she
shot the man to whom she was really
married, the father of her two children,
— \V. P. Barnes— in a San Fnuu-isco
theater a number of years ago. rt l i ■•
shot him in the face, hut did not kill
him. I do not know that it is safe to
have her go at large, but then, her aim
is not good, and, still. I would do nothing
to iniure her. and only desire tieaee."
LUCKY ALAMEDANS.
Lionel C. Sherwood Tells of Their
Success in Alaska.
AI.AMKDA. Sept. 2L— Lionel C. Sher
wood, a member of the Leonard party,
arrived from Alaska on the steamer
Bertha. He came direct from Cape Nome,
where his brother Clarence is now lo
cated. Mr. Sherwood expects to return
there next spring. He says the reports
from the beach mines have not been ex
aggerated. Men have made from $30 to
floi) per day, but the pay streak has been
pretty well worked out. and at the time
he left there no pay dirt had been found
on other portions of the beach.
Mr. Sherwood advises people not to go
to tin- northern gold fields unless they
have had previous experience there or
know just what they are going to do
when they get there. He reports a num
ber <>f Alamedans as doing well at Cape
Nome. J. C. Muther of Alameda had
erected a two-story business block nnd
was doing a large general merchandise
business. Dr. J. G. Humphreys, in con
nection with the dentist profession, is
practicing medicine and running a drug
store. Clarence Sherwood, who is inter
est.d with his brother Lionel in a num
bei of mining claims, is making $15 an
evening playing the violin. The other
membars of the Leonard party were all
doing well when Mr. Sherwood left for
Alameda.
Impostor Posed as a Soldier.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Clarence Rodg
ra wearing a soldier's uniform, was ar
rested this afternoon and charged with
being a begging impostor. Rodgers was
m Broadway soliciting subscriptions for
the Red Cross Society. He is a plausible
;alker and was securing many small do
nations. Although in uniform Rfldgers
lias no claim whatever to be considered
i. soldier. He was arrested after trying
to bunko the secretary of the Y. M. C. A.
Thieves Desecrate Graves.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— The authorities
it Mountain View Cemetery have re
:elved numerous complaints of lute thut
uSH.s and other articles placed on graves
have been stolen by unknown parties.
The Constables have been notified of the
desecrations, and efforts are ;ww being
made to identify the guilty parties.
STATEMENT
— of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS !
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31^ day of December,
A D 3S9S. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State nf California, pursuant to the provisions
at Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, j
condensed as per blank furnished by. the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $K>o.ooo 00
ASSETS.
Real Estnte owned by Company $ 359.159 23 '
1. a;> n K< nds a:i.l Mortgages 1,080,560 Ti6 !
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 824.027 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 67,700 00 [
Cash In Company's Office 8.684 84
Cash in Banks 177,799 45 ,
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,037 30
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Aid Mortgages 16,807 06 i
PreVilums in due Course of Collec-
tu.n 115,683 92
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks |
Rent! due and accrued 7,918 21
Ground Rents, well secured 21.320 00'
Total Assets .$2,710,727 67
LIABILITIES.
Los Fes adjusted nnd unpaid $ 47.895 96
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 100,999 24
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 2.81S 06 ;
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or loss, $900,&3S 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent 475,469 47
Gruss premiums un Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $909,-
-247 99; reinsurance pro rata 494,79159
Gros« premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ 1 reinsurance 50 per
Amount reclatmable by the insured
on perpetual nre insurance policies 566,667 35
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 17,352 58
Total Liabilities *ii™si 99 * 25
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1,226,144 49
Depot-It premiums on perpetual
Risks •■•••• • 16,731 6S i
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ;•■••■.■:-• 61,574 85
Receivd for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 44.643 60;
Received for Rnnt3 18.569 94 1
Received frum all other sources 2,665 01
Total Income .$1.370.329 60
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) $ "81,877 00 1
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including deposit premiums re-
turned 17,522 4<»
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00 |
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 244,028 4« ;
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 48,356 00
Paid for State National and local
taxee '■ • ••• 43,757 27
All other payments and expendi-
tures 171.085 25
Total Expenditures $1,346,626 47
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $811.443 gt
Risk* and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $139,088,171 $1,694.496 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during thf
year 130.651,130 1.668,512 04
Net amount in force
December 31. 1595.... 1fi7.886.360 1.860.156 94
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. President.
RICHARD MARIS. Secretary.
Subscribed to and sworn to before me, this
6th day of February, 1599.
HENRY F. REARDON. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
BLOW FROM A
FOOL BULL MAY
CAUSE DEATH
Little Eddie Dunn's
Life Despaired.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 21.
As a result of three serious mishaps —
one of which may yet terminate in deatli
—at the baseball game between the Welch
& O'Brtena of this city and the Clear
Bros, of Berkeley, played last Sunday on
the filled-lB West Oakland marsh at the
fool of Cypress street, between P^ight
eenth and Nineteenth, a petition is being
circulated urging tbat the grounds, if tho
same are to be used for baseball sport,
I be inclosed in a suitable fence.
The game last Sunday, it appears, wa3
; noted for its fouls. One boy whose nami
was not ascertained sustained a broken
leg; Andrew Perry, a bricklayer, aged 22
years and residing at 1953 Magnolia street,
! sustained a bruken jaw, and lastly and.
i most seriously Eddie Dunn, the seven
year-old son of Patrick Francis Dunn,
residing at Nineteenth and Durant streets,
was Struck near the left eye so violently
that his life .-yen to-day is In jeopardy.
Little Eddie Dunn is under the cara of
two physicians, Drs. Kerrigan. His con
dition is such that it baa b seu deemed
, inadvisable to remove him to his own
parents 1 home from the residence of his
aunt, Mrs. Mathew Mason. 1416 Sixteenth
j street, where he had been spending a
week >n a visit.
The bali struck the child noar the left
• temple, causing an ugly lacerated wound.
1 -which required five Pitches, and so seri
ously Impairing the left eye that he may
yet 'not only lose its sight but the eye
i.all as well.
Twice to-day, while the suffering child
was seated in the sun to regain Its
i strength, he fainted away, and his con
dition is such that it is feared he may
die. He requires constant watching, and
' his weak condition is principally due to
i the gnat l<>^s of blood h.- suffered. The
child appeared almost delirious over the
game, and after emerging from a two
hours' operation under chloroform asked
j in his childish way. "Who won?"
Til. 1 i t 1 1 . fellow is a particularly bright
child and had been attending Father Mc-
Nally's parochial school in West Oakland.
EASTMAN LEFT LARGE
ESTATE, BUT NO WILL
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— A petition for
letters of administration on the estate
: of Moses H. Eastman, former president
of the Oakland Paving Company, who
dle'l in Oakland last Monday, was tiled
by ElizH A. E;iritman, the widow, to-day.
N.. will has been found and the estate
I is valued at $800,000, consisting of notes,
i bonds, srocka and mortgages, $145,000;
cash in b^nk. $35 .Of*', and real estate. $20,
--000. The heirs of deceased are the sur
viving widow, Frank O. Eastman, a
i brothf-r. aged fio years, residing here; and
a Bister, Laura E. Abbott, aged 60 years,
residing at Los Anpeles.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day nf December, A. D. 1898. and for the
year ending on that Jay, as made to the In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed a* per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Lonns on Bonds and Mortgages $71,500 09
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 391,313 73
Amcunt of Loans sr-cured by pledge of
Bonds, St< cks and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 826 97
Cash in Banks ■ 77,863 25
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 15,886 23
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5,915 18
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 124,212 70
Certificate of deposit In hands of
United States Trustees 26,000 00
Cash in hands of United State* Trus-
tees a.SOOOl)
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets .$715.818 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3.75130
Losses In. process of Adjustment or In ,
Suspense 27.<W5 06
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 2,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $302,347 97; re-insur-
ance" 50 per cent 151,173 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $235. 852 41; re-In-
surance pro rata 141,699 81
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ -;
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $— ; re-insurance 50
per cent
Total Liabilities - .$328,082 H
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $472,076 3a
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums •
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ••»•"•.••■ 3.680 00
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 17,354 S4
Received for Rents
Total Income .$493.139 99
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $35,999 24, losses of previous
years) $305,699 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
■(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 156,188 18
Paid for Salaries. Ferr and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 38,63171
Paid for btate. National and local
taxes 9,94150
All other payments and expenditures.. 27,652 14
Total Expenditures $538.114 47
Losses Incurred during the year, fire.. .$296,222 99
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year. • - ■ $52,709,606 $691,707 87
Net amount of Risks
exclred during the
year 46,548.959 710,695 51
Net amount In force!
December 31. IR9B j 48.71P.311 53R.210 38
ADOLPH LOEB.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February^ jm ±
Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL AGENT FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
225 SANSOME STREET, -
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
lU'?INE?S OFFICK of Th« San FTanoisco i
,m« r it Market and Tliitl streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In Ihe year.
nHAN'-K OFFICES— 6» Montgomery street.
open until fi:3o o'clock.
lyes rtr««t: • ;^n until H:3O o'clock.
■ • McAllister street; open until 5:30 o'clock.
rkln Ft- eet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
, : Btreel pen until U o'clock.
2C",; Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 o'eloi k
106 p:iev»>:!th street; open «nti! 9 o'clock.
,!er:c:a street: open until 9 o'clock.
N'nrthwe«t oomer of Twenty-seoond and Ken
tui ky streets; open -.intil 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA BUF.NA Lodge of Perfection *¥f*
No. 1 — Meeting THIS -FRIDAY) f\
EVENING at S o'clock. D 9 -/&.
GEORGE J. IIOBE, Secretary. «MdO
accountants:
t. X BALI VHP. 4 l Cal. Ft., designs, audits A i
eiU'jstv norountK '<*' -■■ri>.-i-a' l ■n« -V nrm«: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICF. free: divorce '.aw a specialty, private; ;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
rI,\RA FOLTZ attorney at law. Crocker
bldg.: tel. BU^k 71; practices in all courts.
L. S. LARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
J. R. PARKER, &16 Market at. room 67; advice j
free; charge Irrw; business pushed. -
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
'VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage raid. •
BATH CABIXKTS-IHKRMAL.
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door; I
call and see It; descriptive booklet free. W. '
S. BROWN general agent. 426 Ellis st.
; — |
BOARD AND ROOMS.
H?i?EL^F^Tß^lO^sNT^Strlctly first-class: 1714
Market st. S. V . Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single I
or en suite: board and room. $1 per day up; !
euite? without board. $1 per day: single rooms, I
SOo; special rates by month, also to tourists.
GENTLEMAN can find room and board In pri- !
vate family at 232 Halght st. : fine location;
Halght st. cars pass door: terms moderate.
ELLIS, 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board: bath; telephone; gas; piano.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: rpeclal rates to gents.
VAN NESS aye., 940 — Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
CHEAPEST and best in America — Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $ 1 per year.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
£ I
CHILDREN boarded at 4652 Eighteenth st : best ,
of care and home: from three years up. '
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged, i
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third. :
================= I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
- —— I
A— S.'SO— CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $15; daily receipts $1S: best loca-
tion in Mlssiun. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market
A— S6O'>— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors:
chuicest location; rent $35; daily receipts $26;
meal* not less than -sc; bargain. R. O. i
WILKE. 906 Market St. !
A— s*X); ELEGANTLY fixed up and first-class
paying saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
t:0: lease; disagreement of partners cause
of sale. K. G. ilk.:. 906 Market st.
$3750 — Market st. corner saloon, close to Chroni- j
cle, well stocked, paying tiptop; lease; owner i
must go to Mexico. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo— DAIRY, produce and delicacy store j
in very best location and doing a good pay- !
ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Call R. G. WILKE, 90*
Market st. j
A— s2soo— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes i
st; rent $35; l-establ. and good paying
place no credit; all cash custom. Inquire R.
• i WILKE, S-V6 Market st.
A— sl2so— CORNER saloon with i rooms; rent I
$6u; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole- j
tale houses and Iron foundries; place clearing ■
above lii-i per month; lease; a splendid offer. ,
P Q. WILKE. 906 Market st
A_S4SOO_THE leading restaurant and oyster I
parlor on Market st. ; open day and night; no
better paying place In this city; lease. R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point, rent 540, a good-paying store; estab-
lished years: full value in sight; all cash
trade. Call R. O. WILKE. 90S Market st.
$:i.O— BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
living rooms: cheap rent owner owns build- i
ing; wil! give lease. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
X— S7SO— CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candies, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Market; clean::g $125 monthly; retiring from
business. M LESS, 765 Market st.
$20 f 0 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call builjing: clearing $300 monthly; proof
furnished: sickness. M. LESS, 786 Market.
■■ RESTAURANT: good for man and wife;
investigation allowed; $250 will buy a fine va-
riety and bakery: sickness cause for selling;
good location. Good country hotel, also coun-
try gen. store for sale. EITEL, 1008% Market
$430— BRANCH baker}', candy, stationery, school
supplies, opposite school of 900 children; doing
business $.0 day; milk alone pays rent; 4 liv-
ing rms.. bath; rent $16. Jones &. Co.. 885 Mkt '
A— SCSO— LAUNDRY route, clean FlOO a month:
tgood horse and wagon. KREDO & CO.. 22',
Geary st.
$400— GOOD chance for oysterman; an estab-
lished oyster business for sale McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 V. Market st.
SHOE shop in country: fine location; at a bar-
gain this day. COWING & CO., 995 Market
ALFA Co., Mr. Market st, will exchange or
sell your properly or business quickly.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon;
tide entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
a good business. C 32 Market st, room 6.
$1000— Al SALOON; nicely fitted up: centrally i
located. Inquire Convention, 423 Bush st.
GRUB stake for gold mining In Mexico; for-
tnne for both. Address Box 1243, Call.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location: good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
I"OR sale — Cheap; bakery, notions, cigar stand.
Apply 1704 Howard st.
FINE paying laundry route; bargain if sold
this Binnth. Box 1244, Call.
$175— BARHER shop; trade $32 per week; sick-
ness cause. Box 1426, Call.
DRUG store for sale; price $1000; In town of i
IOW Inhabitants, with 1000 more In Immediate
vicinity; only 1 other drug store In the place;
In Northern California; on railroad; in farm-
Ing, lumbering, dairying and fishing district.
For ii_rticiilnrs address GUIS, box 21C9, Call.
PAYING saloon In wholesale district; must ■
sell; going East. WICIIMAN, LUTGEN &
CO.; 318 Clay st.
WOOD and coal yard on account of sickness:
10S2 Howard st ; a bargain. Apply to J. A.
LENNON. 315 Clay st.
NEAT restaurant near Seventh and Market
sts.: good paying business; light expense;
Call or address 3 Sixth nt.. or apply Call.
GIRL, first-class cock, would like place to do
general housework; references. 1143 Mission. !
FOR sale cheap— Wood, coal, hay, grain and
feed business. NE. cor. Valley and Dolores. j
FOR saie On account of sickness. half-Interest
In coal yard. 1511 Dupont St.
FOR sale — A good paying boarding-house and
saloon. Inquire at this office.
FOR Bale— Engraver*' well established busi-
ness in a good town; brightest prospects. Ad-
dress box 2158, Gall office.
FOR SALE— Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below; i
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front it. Price low.
NOTION Bazaar for sale: toys, stationery, fan-
cy goods; hair price. Room 127, 1236 Market.
A, WHITE & CO., 9?7 Market St.— Do you want
a quick sale? List your bargains with us.
$115— BRANCH bakery for sale; 2 living rooms.
80S* Filbert st.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926
Washington Ft.
yon , nest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Ktarny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full;
nortn of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call of lice.
FOR «;nJe — Good paying! inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 sages, s«nt to any address In the
United Stntes or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats: In excellent condition; also one
bay gelding home; weight M pounds; sun-
able for buggy; good traveler, Round, kind,
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE. San Rafael, or 320 Bansome
st., room 15.
WAGON wanted for light delivery, with or
without top, at Dye Works, 142 Eddy st.
FINE business buggy cheap. 16 Bond st.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW. 1621 Markt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
ALL kinds of wapons. buprtrles, carts, harness,
etc., cheap EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
CARPET IIEATIX; AM) ( I.KAMSG.
WHKN you become d*sjfUHted with poor work
send to SPAULI 'I NG'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353 3"i7 Tehama St.; tel. S 40.
OTI Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr. . 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st ; phone South 14G.
J. MoQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
461 Stevenson St.; tel. South_22S: lowest rates
ADVANCE Carpet Craning Co., 4«2 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3J4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c pr-r yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTQN'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel Jessi-- 944
.1 E MITCHELL, Carpet Cleaning Co.. 2-10 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. M;^-<: • ~*
CONKLrN*S Carpet-beating Works. J33 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 128. ___
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds xnd
Compound Paste; a household bless' ng: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) > ; IKII L Ai-IS.M.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sea>d !
letters read; 10c: business rea ngs, $1 84 6th. j
ATTEND Mrs. Dunhams circle of truth, 2 and
i p. m., 14 McAllister, room "5; adi
cTsTEERS. medium; 112% Oak St.; circles
Tues.. S p. m.; Th., 2 p m — »]
c. v MILLER'S materin!:zi!ic trumpet seance,
S p. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best indium ami card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st . near Mission.
MMi:. HANSON, canl I palmist;
past, present, future; 2. r "\ 14S Sixth Bi . r
Pr76fT~OEE-^ Rea. lines Jl. l'>:« Market Bt.; test
circles Thurs.. Frl . B i- m . 2 . 627 Hush st.
MRP. J. J. WHITNKV. trance test medium,
life reader, .medical clairvoyant. 2"2 Stockton.
PROFESSi >r" ZKI: \ rtune teller
In the city. MS Third st . UjWtairs.
GYPSY life reader; Bat -uaranterd;
25c; reading by mail II ■ S-v.-nth si
SPIRIT test, business medium: Bit. 50c. $1: cir-
cle Tues.. Thurs.. Sat »• \ '•■ 510 Valencia.
MME UNGE. queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th ar.l Bth: f« tisfactiol
YOUR future told by cards, 26c; daily. 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.; Sun. 7 t : 105 Larkin.
MRB.C. J.MEYER. 336 M ly ex-
cept ay«.,i Bat. ;»&Bp.m I .-■ -' - ttlnga dally.
MME SYBILLE. future hus-
bnn.Vs plctur-. 2:. ■ ■ ■ - 914 «vFarr»H st.
COLLECTION ol I H ES.
GEORGeTv. KELLY B barge un-
less successful. P.ooni 3: :*27 M.xrk>-t *t
COTTAGES TO LET.
5^S3« IVY aye.: three sunny rooms, basement,
yard; betweent Lagunr. anri Octavla rts
DENTISTS.
A— DR T S HIGGINS' dental j.ariors, T-27
Market St.. ever Cafe /inkan.l Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the ute of. electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- j
plied to the gum!; the best and must artistic j
dental work at reasonable prices; pure g I 1
fillings from $1 up; oth*r nilinßs from : .
badly decayed te^th carefully treated and !
Mile.; or or owned without pain; plates that tit '
from $4 50 up; fle.^h colored plates from J3 50
up; teeth without plates a specially; open
evenings and Bundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol. on application to the guir.s. ren
the pain- see our flesh colored platea, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted I
years; crown and bridge Work; t*eth with- j
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns. J3 B0; plates. |
full set $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago J.ental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTP.' .-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, j
$3 r.O up- plates, extractions free, J4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. V . Manager,
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, M O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly (■>• bis won-
derful secret method; crowns, t2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. IS; received >> first
prizes; no students; guarantee. l 12 years,
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity- guarantee l fl years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. !<!*7 Market «t
DB L'T'LUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work ami fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; pus glvei
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, '■<:!< U r. 6th.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IMI Polk t»t.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 26 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter tor any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookk-eptng, electricity. mechanical and
architectural drawing, German. Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. <"n!l or sond for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
ATRE8 1 Business College. 723 Market st. short-
band, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rate's; life scholarship, $60, catalogue.
X— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. SOJ Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; |
Ellis system, sunny rooms; low rates: day. i
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt. j
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mtn- I
lag, mech. survey, assay, archl. ;day and even.;
eet. 18«4 VAN DER NAILLEN. 333 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, Braphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. S'MQ Sixteenth Bt.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 9M
Adeline st.. Oakland.
LAW Schools. 527 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.: French. Spanish,
$J mo. 630 O. G. aye.. r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons, 7&c. fiO Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lnesw College. SO5 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. »
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese.- 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Blac!; 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Apency; all kinds
help OEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st : tei. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT Eastern girl wishes situation to
do cooking or general housework; f> years'
reference from her last place. Pleas* call at
741 Tehama St., bet. Eighth an<l Ninth.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman to
do general housework In American family;
good cook; city or Oakland. Call 343 Minna
X. ; wages $15.
SITUATION wanted by first-class laundress
in first-class families: about 3 days a week;
good references. H. R., 140 Minna St.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as good
cook and downstairs work; city references.
Box 1242, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation for gen-
eral housework; good cook or relish. Call
16;-0 Post st.
WANTED— Situation as first-class laundress In
private family: best reference. 562 Natoma st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to do gen-
eral housework. 1 Columbia square.
WOMAN wishes work by day washing or
housecleanlng. 866 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by re3p*ctable woman as
nurse; good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1899.
EMPLOYMENT — FEMALE.
COMPETENT middle-aged widow, with-
out any Incumbrances, wishes a position as
housekeeper for widower or bachelor, in city
or country, for a good home. Address MKB.
H. HURT. 256 Eighth st. '
WANTED— PIace as stenographer; understands
mime, graphing; wages $15 per month. Box
2291, Call. ' .
WANTED— By a young lady, position as cash-
ier in store or saleslady in bakery: experi-
enced and best of references. Box 2289, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission st.. room 1.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
I subscriptions has been established at iwt> va-
lencla st. ___^________,
* EMPLOYMENT WANTED M ALE^
I AN Italian, recently arrived and with best
references, desires employment as sculptor
Is proficient, in drawing, modeling and all
sorts of ornamental work, cornices, etc ,
Ids silver medal Academy of Genoa, Italy.
Address L. F. LASTRETO. 318 Front st.
SITUATION wanted by young man with some
i experience in barber trade. Inquire 45S Na-
toma st., near Sixth. _— _
CHRISTIAN man wants situation: steady
work the object. Address P. SORENSEN. 550
Mission St. .
GOOD cake baker wishes position. M 8 Grove st.
YOUNG man "wishes position as coachman.
Address box 2299. .Call. ..
SITUATION wanted by an experienced mill-
wright on quartz or flouring mills; first class
In quartz mining; city or country. Box 1-29.
Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions in gentleman's
ramilv as butler and chambermaid; good ret-
erences. A. W. S.. 219 Seventh st.
RMAN first-class gardener, wishes situa-
tion in a private place; city or country; good
references. Address box 1223. Call office.
YOUNG man desires a position with a private
family: willing to do anything: is handy with
horses ; city preferred. Box 1431. all office.
BRIGHT young man, age 20, living at home.
would like a situation of some kind. Address
J. M. X . 270 Lexington aye.
BARBER, throe years' experience, wants posi-
tion; city or country. Box 1246, Call office.
YOUNG man wants light work In private fam-
ily. Box 1223, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation,
Oakland preferred: best of references. Ad-
dress box 5424. Call office, Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leticlast __________________________________
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071 Market st.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
FINE double flat, 8 rooms and bath; yard Tind
garden; reduced rent. 658 Hayes st.
FLAT of * nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento st.,
near Jones.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent 512 1718 Leavenworth st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
NEAR City Hall— 3 sunny modern flats. 5 and
6 rooms and bath each. 26 Grove st, 25 and
27 Birch.
WASHINGTON aye., ISU. off Ninth, near Mis-
sion- 4 rooms and bath.
$j_I_INNA. 1025— Flat of four sunny rooms; all
conveniences.
439 FOURTH St.; 8 room sunny flat; In good
order: reasonable rent to good tenant.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1306-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
SUNNY lower flat 3 rooms and bath; furnished:
$14. 2110 Baker St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined. 25c to DOc; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.
FOR sale — Furniture; parlor and two bedroom
sets; almost new; cheap. Inquire 104 Mission.
FOR BALE — A 12-room house; all rented; $350.
Apply 253 Stevenson st.
4 ROOMS lurni»hed In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Kine Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets. furniture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan toques. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny: top floor.
HE.LP WANTED — AGENTS.
WANTED — Lady canvassers on soaps which
sell on their merit; experience not necessary
to make good wages. Apply at factory. 3006
Mission st. ■
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— for country, family, see lady
in city; girls for housework for Hollister,
$20; Alrfmeda, $25; Santa Rosa, $25; Colusa.
$20; Merced, 2 in family, $25; Berkeley, $25;
. Mill Valley, no wash, $20 and $25; Fresno.
$25; Los Gatos. $25; San Rafael, $25; Antloch.
3 In family, $20; Novato, $25. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED German second girl, Martn County,
$25; German second girl and care for 9-year-
old child, $25: Protestant second girl, $20;
nurse, $20, and many others. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Suttt-r st.
WANTED — Two waitresses for country hotel,
$25; 7 waitresses for country hotel. $20 and
fare advanced; waitress, country restaurant,
$25; 6 waitresses, city, $6 and $7 a week;
waitress and chamber work, winter resort,
$20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
WANTED — Cook and helper for hospital, $40:
cook for boarding house In city. $36; Ger-
man cook, no wash, for family, $35; 2 cooks.
German style, $30 and $45: girls for general
housework, In city, $20 and $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED — 2 laundresses for institution, $23
I and $30; also 2 servants to clean paint, etc.,
for same place. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 girls for housework for Ameri-
can family, in Oakland, no wash, $20 and
$25; call early. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Institution. $25, good place; house-
keeper $20, see party here; woman to cook
for 4 men, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Rutter.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking In
bakery and coffee parlor, with experience
only, $25 a month and room. Call in fore-
noon at 127 Fifth st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework;
wages $20. Apply at 1314 Masonic aye., bet.
Waller and Frederick. *
WANTED— Experienced printed and blankbook
sewers at McINTYRE'S Bindery, 422 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— Experienced Infant's nurse; refer-
ences. Call morning at NW. cor. of Broderick
Bt. and Golden Gate aye.
HELP for 5 or £ hours dally; sleep out; $10
month. Apply at 941 A Golden Gate aye.,
Saturdays only. ".'*;■?:
STRONG, competent German girl for general
housework and understanding cooking. Call
at 317 Larkln st.
STRONG woman understanding washing and
Ironing; Monday and Tuesday, half days.
Call at 317 Larkln st. ,
YOUNG girl or elderly lady; help with chil-
dren and housework; $10 a month. ilS'/i
Clementina st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
moderate wages. 2930 Octavla st, corner
Greenwich.
WANTED— GirI experienced In stamping sta-
tionery. Apply 141 Fremont st.
GIRL to take care of children: wages $10 per
month. Inquire IPS Fourth st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work. Call at 1420 Sutter st, bet. 9 and 12.
GIRL to assist In housework; no washing or
cooking; $10 month. 1308 Buchanan st.
WANTED— HeIp girl at ladies' tailor. 436
Geary st.
GIRL for Bakersfleld for cooking and general
housework. Call forenoon, 1810 Bush st.
WANTED— An Improver on skirts and an ap-
prentice to learn dressmaking. 1281 O'Farrell.
GIRL to assist in general housework; small
family. Call, before 12 o'clock, 623 Oetavia.
GIRL" for housework and assist with ■ children.
220& Waller at.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
cTrT HANSEN~& cb......FHONE «&£__ jfi
Waitresses for Stockton, Gait. Bakersneld.
$20. fare here; Bakersfleld. arm work, $»,
fare here; 3 waitresses, Hanford. fare ad-
vanced, see party here at » o'clock; cnamoer-
mald to wait city. $20: waitress, city: cnam-
bermaid to wait " $20. Mountain Mew; wa t-
ress. South San Francisco. $20-126; 4 wait-
resses, restaurant, city. $5 and $6 week.
FAMILY' ORDERS ..............
Governess $25; cooks, nurses, general »" U!^-
work girls, city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED-^slrl of 15 to assist with light house-
work and baby. 129 Olive aye.
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher. 5H Kearny St.,
room 16. .
WANTED— A young girl to work In restaurant.
3 Howard st., near East.
OPERATORS wanted to work in factory on
ladies' and children's wear. 723 Market St.,
room J5.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' capes;
good pay. MEYER 8R05., 7 and 9 Battery st.
WOMAN to do housework; wages $20. Twenty-
eighth and Alabama sts.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 324 Fremont St..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
I operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on coats, pants and vests; best
wages in the city. 541 Market st.
WANTED— First-class hairdresser and mani-
cure; $10 per week: steady position. Address
box 704. Call office, Oakland.
GOOD pants finisher; permanent; first-class
pay. 724V4 Market it., ro, .m 27.
GIRL for general housework in German fam-
ily: no washing. 439 Minna st.
50 GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36^ Fremont st.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HftLP WANTED — MALE.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARE
20 laborers for track work, $1 75 a day. board
$4 5" a week; ship to-morrow. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
10 STONEMASONS $3 50; 15 helpers. $2; for
railroad work; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
2 CARPENTERS, $3 a day; cabinet maker.
$2 50 a day; harness maker, ranch. $40 and
found: 2 miners, $2 50 a day; 2 miners, $2 a
day and board; 2 bollermakors, $3 75 a day;
2 stonemasons, $4 a day; socker sewer. $2
and found ; 2 hoe downs. $1 75 and found ;
2n laborers. $2 a day; 2 buggy washers, $50
and $30 and found; harness cleaner, $30 and
found; 6 almond pickers, $1 and found; S
apple pickers $1 and found; 6 almond pick-
ers $1 25 and found; boy for a grocery,
$1S to $20. C R. HANSEN £- CO.. 1M Geary.
FARE A I 'VAN' •__ SAWMILL WORK
ciosscutters. $30; barkers. $30; snipers, $35:
Jackscrewers. $35: swampers. $26; see boss
here. C. R HANSEN * CO.. I'M Geary st.
CHEF, $100; second cook, Honolulu. $60. fare
paid;' cook, small club. $60; baker and pas-
try cook, country hotel. $45; second cook, $40;
dishwashers $25; 2 waiters, same country
hotel $25; 5 bellboys. $10 and $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARKEEPER $50 and board; porter, with
references, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO. V 104
Geary st.
WANTED Woodsman and wife. $55: engineer
nnd tool sharpener for mine. $2 50 day; Ger-
man or Scandinavian man about place, $30;
woodchoppers, 85c, redwood; laborers and
teamsters for city and country. $1 75 to $2
day; 3 laborers for factory, $2 day ; woods-
men for Oregon and California at good
wages; farmers. !2^ and $26; milker; ma-
chinist $2 50 clay; errand boy. and many
Othen. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento St.
WANTED Second cook, country hotel. J3o; 2
cooks an'l wives, $60;' boarding-house c.iok.
$40 an.l helpers. $2"; porter and bus driver
for country-. $25: assistant baker. $5 week and
found: restaurant second cook, $14 week;
boarding-house cooks, $30 and $35; cook for
men. $35; restaurant and hotel waiters. $30
nnd $40: boy for oyster house, $5 week;
kitchen man for laborers, and others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Porter and wife; waiters, country
hotel, $45, see boss here. J. F. CKOSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Engineer and tool sharpener for
mine $65 to $75; furnace man for mine, $65.
W. D. EWER & co.. no Clay Bt.
WANTED— 2 winery hands, no experience re-
quired, good long Job. $30 and board: 20 men
to pick grapes. $26 and board; man to milk 3
cows, make a little butter and do chores on
gentleman's place near city. $22 60 to $25 and
board: farmer and wife near city. $4'i anl
found. 50 H dsmen, g"od wages and fare ad-
vanced; ranch boy, t\f~: 4" farm hands for
different ranches, $26 and $30; 10 coal miners
for Utah, fare paid and good wages, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city, $35
and found; road teamster, 4 horses. $30 and
found and steady job, references required
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St
WANTED— 3 harvest hands to help around
thrashing machine. $1 50 per day and board.
W. D. EWER & co.. 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 Stockton Rt— Night
cock, coffee parlor. $9 a week: second cook.
$40; 2 lunch waiters; waiter. $35: 2 dishwash-
ers. $-0; porter and -drive bus, country hotel,
$20; gardener. $25; butler, $-15.
PORTER, $25; .lish washer. $20; waiters, $25.
HOTEL GA23ETTB, 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED- Sober and reliable German to drive
bakery wagonj good wages: only one who
has driven a bakery wagon in this town be-
fore and has good recommendations need ap-
ply. Box H95, Call office.
OFFICE boy; prompt; reliable; references. Fri-
day and Saturday. 12-1:30. H. K. STARK-
WEATHER. 310 California st.
COMPETENT solicitors on custom shirts. Sar-
torial Shirt Co. Apply bet. 10 and 12 a. m.,
IS Montgomery st.
YOUNG man with some experience In elec-
trician and locksmith's shop. Address box
1427, Call office.
$65 PER month can he made by steady man;
permanent place: light work: n^ust have
small capital. 1032 Market st., room 4.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 3112
Twenty-fourth St.. bet. Howard and Folsom.
BARRER wanted. Call about 10 a. m. at 3
Sixth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; $4 50
guaranteed, ios Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Corner
Golden Gate aye. and Hyde st. ; good wages.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 504 Va-
lencia Bt.
PAYING 5c barber shop at a bargain If sold
at once. 340*4 Third st.
WANTED A barber, Saturday and Sunday.
556 Fourth st.
COAT ami. pants mnker for country. Apply
REISS BROS.. 24 Si.tter st.
WANTED- Bench hands. Apply superintendent
THOMAS DAY CO.. 725 Mission St.
GOOD tailor wanted: steady Job all the year
around. 115-117 Plielan building.
WANTED— Good general tailor; steady Job;
$2 50 |.n- day. W. H. WALKER. Bakersfleld.
WANTED Strong boy to learn trade. Apply
141 Fremont st.
MEN wanted at 839 Brvant ft.
good dishwasher. 608-810 Seventh st.
TWO good painters for stage work. Apply 2801
Twenty-fourth st.
BOY with some experience in the grocery busi-
ness. 633 Larkln st.
WANTED- Jeweler: first-class wages: steady
position. Baldwin Jewelry Co.. 546 Market st.
CARPENTER wanted at 233 Harriet st.
GOOD waiter. 100 Second st.
ELDERLY man as bedmaker at M Second st.
WANTED— Good cook: good wages. 1830
Halght st.. Park Hotel.
BOYS for picture framing; one to learn and
one with experience. JONES, 547 Mission st.
PRESSER at the American Clothing Renova-
tory and Dye Works. 142 Eddy st.
WANTED— A man for nursery work and job
gardening. Call at 500 Haight st.
WANTED— Busnelman. Apply BROWN BROS.,
121-123 Sftnsome St.
WAITER wanted at 607 Clay St.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor^
— neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond; wages $2 per day. Apply to JAMES
A. McMAHON, 210 Spear st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READyT^TTpHONE MAIN 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
harness makers, .stone and concrete masons
upholsterers slate splitters
wood turners mill bench hands
cabinetmakers sash door makers
blockmakers setters sawmills
machinists on corrugated rolls coopers
wages above jobs. $5, $4. $3 50, $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
IN SAN FRANCISCO '■■
164 laborers and teamsters. $2 50. $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
STABLEMEnTT ~~~ OTHER HELP
14 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc.. city and country. $50, $40,
$30. $25 and found; also help for Utah, Ore-
gon, Washington. Hawaiian Islands, Ari-
zona, British Columbia. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
FRUIT PICKERS
GRAPE PICKERS
566 MEN AND BOYS
....FARES $125, OFFICE FEE $1 ONLY....
....ANYBODY WILL SUIT: YOU WILL....
SO to 90 days' work, $30 per mo. and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
$3 50 DAY— COAL MINERS— S3 50
TO SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH
FARE PAID: BOSS AT OUR OFFICE:
COME SEE HIM. MURRAST & READY. 634-
-636 Clay Ft.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 3S SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
197 MEN FOR 50 different Jobs
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
..WAGES, $26 to $40 per month and found..
ALSO LUMBER PILERS. crosscut sawyers,
tree fellers, bark peelers. Jack screwers.
woodsmen and millmen of every descrip-
tion, $80, $75, $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found:
woodchopi.ers, tiemakers, shingle and bolt
makers, picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
to every R. R. In California but one
drillers, hammersmen. teamsters, laborers,
stone masons, etc., from $3 50 day; board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to Is Coast R. R.)- MUR-
RAY - READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
25 carpenter. S hours, free fare, 16 miles from
San Francisco, it months' job $3 day
18 carpenters, city and country job —$3 day
MURRAY & READY. 684-636 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES
4 SILVER MINKS
?3 OTHER MINES
25 miners $2 50 day
IS4 laborers (no experience wanted), $57 per
month. Including board and lodging
25 laborers, fare $1 50, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine:
$34 and found
27 laborers, large mine $63
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOILER-MAKERS TmaCHINISTS
BLACKSMITHS
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day
6 machinists, city and country Jobs $3 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers.. s6o. $50, $35 and found
MiRRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP
6 farmers and wives.. 2 waiters and waitresses
2 milkers and wives
2 chambermaids and porters
6 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
Wife to cook for men, man as choreman on
< ranch; $60, $55. $50, $45. $40, $35. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6K 'lay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
22 cooks %>Z $55 $50. $45 $40, $35. $30 and found
19 waiters..' $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
38 dishwashers $30. $25, $20. $15 and found
4 first 5 second. 6 third hand bakers, also 5
boys to learn. $45. $40, $35, $30, $25. $20. $15
and found, come and see us; 15 porters, bed-
makers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen,
janitors $30, $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laun-
drymen $35, $30, $25 and found
5 oooki" and wives. MURRAY & READY', 634-
-636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGER GETS GOOD HELP
25 laborers inn experience), fare 50c $60
12 laborers, fare $150 $6'>
15 teamsters, fare 75c $2 25 day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2. $1 75 day:
3 milk wagon drivers, city, $35. $25 and found;
young man for a grocery store, city
" $20 and found
6 railroad section hands, fare 50c $60
MRURAY & READY, 634-636 Pay st.
j A-CHOREMEN AND BOYS
'■ 33 choremen and boys for farms, stores,
j shops learn 23 trade?, work In factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc.. $40. $30. $25, $20,
$15 $10« and found; by the day
MURRAY * READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SEE BOSS AT oUR OFFICE TO-DAY
For a large sawmill, fare PAID
60 experienced woodsmen BIG WAGES
SB experienced millmen BIG WAGES
60 laborers (no experience wanted!, $26 to $40
and found; beautiful climate in California.
WE PAY MURRAY _ READY.
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 BAKERS and confectioners; cook and wife,
$90- wheelwright, country shop; cook and
wife. $60. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
clay st.
A HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
hoe downs, cleaner tenders, forkers. 4 labor-
ers to work around thrasher, sack sewers,
straw bucks, derrick forkers, fireman, $4. $3,
$2 50, $2. $1 75, $1 50 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady jobs
$35, $30, $26 and found
9 milkers $30. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
i FRUIT and grape pickers, Sonoma, Napa,
Santa Clara and other counties. $30 and
found; help for private families, $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
FARE PAID OREGON FARE PAID
25 men to work for a sawmill company.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK $50; dishwasher. $20; same country ho-
tel. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
BARBER wanted; young man; a good work-
man: wages $6 50 and board. Address F. J.
S., 1754 1 * Seventh st.. West Oakland, CM.
BOYS wanted at CALIFORNIA BARREL
FACTORY, Potrero, city.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St., third floor, room 4.
BOY about 16 to work In liquor store. Apply
after 10 o'clock at 400 Halght st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages. FRANCES. 7% Sutter st.
TW< i tailors to work on coats; good wages.
135 Natoma M.
THIRD hand o n bread; $3<i a month; board and
room. 2SOS Twenty-fourth st.
BOY wanted to make himself generally useful
about store; ref required. fll4 Market, upstairs.
THREE energetic men or women: steady
work; good wages. 472 M; 13th St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Sign painter; young man; steady
work all the year around. 79 Third St.
WANTED First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages. FRANCES. 706 Sutter St.
WANTED— Man to carry out bread a few
hours in the morning. Call at Pioneer bak-
ery, cor. Clay and Mason Kts.
WANTED— At once, man to do lead glazing
and hand metallic sash work. LOS AN-
GELES ART GLASS CO., Los Angeles, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks: only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
[ lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed, call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, «35 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wage*
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S, camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
WANTED — Boy after school to learn a trade.
100$ Mission st.
WANTED-— Boys to learn tailoring; also tail-
ors. 131 Montgomery st.. room 5.
; BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fillmore st.
STEADY position for good engraver. Apply
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market St.
COMPOSITOR wanted. Call at Hayes Valley
Printing nnd Stationery Co., 310 Hayes st.,
near Franklin.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Mar-
ket st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
BARBERS— Paying 3 chair shop; $90; on ac-
count of sickness. 203 Montgomery aye.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal-
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
FIRST-CLAPS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
TRY our 15c meals: beet In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN und women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 13SV4 Eighth st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 230
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1612 Polk st. ■_ °
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Klcho" House, S63Vi Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been .established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons^ buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
NO. . 1 fresh Holstein and Jersey cow; third
calf; fine milker; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Gulden Gate ay.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
60-ROOM ....: •
CORNER HOUSE
;.... CLEARS $200
ONLY $1600
24 -ROOM CORNER HOUSE
CLEARS $250. EASY PAYMENTS......
30 rooms, corner: rent $55 $750
15 rooms on Turk, near Market 560
. 4S rooms on Market st.; rent $75 I.SO*
4<!-room hotel in Oakland 2,600
80- room house; clears $300 2.MJO
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner: apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor "* ll
32 rooms; 2 fronts: clears $250 2,200
50 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3. T00
7-room flat, $150; S-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $6<X> 6,500
36 rooms on Market st. clears $200 1.450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St., new cash buyer dally.
$700— SNAP: 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. s
I $300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms: all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, '3 Eddy.
$325—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FINE bargain. 17 rooms; vicinity Sixth and
Market; clearing $75 monthly: best bargains
in lodglnghouses in city. HEALY, 917 Market.
LODGING houses to suit, at honest prices;
money to loan buyers. Call PACIFIC COAST
EXCHANGE, 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
1800 WILL buy a corner house of 32 rooms; all
full. EITEL. 1008% Market St.
TO rent— 9-room lodging-house, with private
entrance in rear; newly painted, papered;
313' 2 O'Farrell St., nr. Mason. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— buy 30 to 45 fur. houses; central;
cheap for cash; no acent. Box 1345. Call.
BEALE. 343. near Santa Fe Terminal— Large
house 50 rooms; good renting location. j
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny j
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir- |
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SIXTH, 121— Newly renovated house, 11 rooms, ,
all light and airy; low rent to good, perma-
nent tenant. SOL GETZ & BRO., room A,
Crocker building. v ■•
SIS 4 ROOMS and bath, gas range, gas mantle. j
113 Olive aye., near Polk and O'Farrell sts.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed ;
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. I
10 Montgomery St.
$16— EIGHT rooms, yard; fine view. Lombard
St.. near Hyde.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— St. Bernard dog. answers to name of
Nero. Return to CHARLES NEWMAN,
Richelieu Cafe, and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's gold brooch: wishbone with 3 j
enameled "flowers. Return to 3451 Seventeenth I
St.; reward. j
FOUND— The discharge of Jrrtin N. Loomes
from the Civil War; owner can have same by
addressing box 2294. Call.
LOST— Sept 19, small rock parrot. W. H.
GAVIN. 3'j Tay, off Clay, nr. Mason; reward.
LOST— Leather purse with 3 pockets, contain-
! ing gold and silver coin and Masonic and ;
' quartz pins. Finder may keep money If pins
are returned to E. C. HARE. Masonic Tern-
pie, or 1139 Fifth aye.. South San Francisco, j
LOST— Sept. IS, a light brown Irish setter with
one tooth missing out of lower jaw. Return (
to 1370 Eddy st. : receive reward.
LOST-rPurse, on Folsom St.. near Tenth, con-
taining money. Return to 1401 Folsom St..
Mahoney's drug store; reward.
LOST— About August 15, a gold I. O. G. T.
badge; reward of $1 50 will be paid for return
of game to Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call. !
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. I
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San
Francisco: all diseases cu.-td exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
DR GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly of
401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St.; now
at 118 Eddy, one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st.; bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to a.
MRS DR. WYETH, ladies' physician: consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1228
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to » p. m.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 • Mason St.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
RICH placer mines; paying; man with $500;
good chance. Address box 1239, Call.
CAPE NOME mines: big chance for right man.
Address box 1232. Call. j
MINES AND MINING.
I W F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills bldg., S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
COPPER mine partly developed; accessible:
runs 10 per cent; price $15,000; gold quartz
mine in Oregon, 18-inch vein. $50 ore; price
$5000: purchaser may deal with owner direct.
W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & v \,PMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
I BARS, back »a. ., mirrors, showcases, coun- |
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of- |
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102$ Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR sale cheap, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
with current regulator and attachments for
lady or gent. 34 Sixth st., room 3.
A NEAT solitaire diamond stud for $9, worth
$20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOUR horsepower gasoline engine for sale
cheap. NEWELL BROS., 117 First st:
BULL terrier pup, 8 months; finest pedigree.
J. W. THRASHER, of Palace Hotel Laundry.
SIX h.p. gasoline engine; also 15 h.p. portable
boiler & engine. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
A— ST. BERNARD (at the stud); Diablo II;
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast; prize
winner; fee $20. X., 22 1 ,, Geary, room 29.
OLD building for sale. Inquire N. MEYER
311 Battery st. .-,;. :;;.-,,;
BARBER'S outfit: chair, etc.; complete; cheap;
also clock 100 years old. 1107 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes', j
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults etc. The I
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., B. F.. Cal" i
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand: carriage engines. .DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission St.. near Ninth.
GOOD Caligraph typewriter. $25; get particu-
lars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery st.
4 H. P. GASOLINE , engine carburettor, muf-
fler, tank, batteries, etc. WHITE. 516 Mission.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearn> st.. near Pine
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants, $2 75; line suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
2 DENTAL chairs; must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors, inc., 850 Market st. :
open evenings and Sundays. 9 to 2.
WANTED -To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
PLUMBER wants to buy kit of tools. Apply
box 2300, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand surrey or light car-
riage, in good condition. Box 1218, this office.
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up-
right pianos. Room 12, Flood building.
: OLT"> frold. gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as ion,- as you de-
■ Eire; avoid red tape and publicity ; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
I Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market sL
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOOKAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount of %Vz per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances 'on diamonds and j-w-
-elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an-i
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth_
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notPS
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 532. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaeed and you need
more money see H MURPHY, 63 Market st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for it
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an I
$s 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larges' house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 OFarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
I Erard $75 00
Cornish 186 00
Smith & Barnes 130 00
1 Steck, 1 Chickering, 1 Weber.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Fan-ell St.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento 6t.. agent fjr
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A FINE new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAI'VAIP 1 . 76S Market st.
|76— ROSEWOOD piano, fine tune, on $5 install-
ments. 111." Post St.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket st.. if you want the best.
A FINE Arlon piano, J9O. THE J. DEWING
CO.. second flu. .r Flood building.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
SPLENDID Steinway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Ro.,m 10. Flood building.
GREAT sale of 'Ideal Guitars" this w^ek at
Mauvais'. 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Homung Bros." pianos. 2K, McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30**
Post st.
WANTED — 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gßns. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; n"w styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'I.LER. maker, rernlrer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
SIXTH. 232— Fine store for millinery or any
business; best block on street.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard St.. large
store and large concrete basement.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Desirable office.-. $12 50 to $20.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to S p. m.; reading by mall.
PERSO.VALS.
ANNIE TOOHEY, having Uft my bed and
board, I will not be responsible for any debts
that she may contract hereafter. Dated,
Tuesday, Sept. 12. 1599. JEREMIAH TOO-
HEY, 7(15 Dolores st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75: pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed,
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
WANTED— Name and address of persons owing
mortgage* to Pacific States Building and.
Loan Association, who have paid in an stock
fir 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG.
632 Market st., S. F., room 23.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld, S3S Market st.
LEDEHKHS Qnlntonlca Hair Tonic; used by
all leading people; makes hair beautiful; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 128 Stockton st.
THE best is what you want. At Lederer's
Halrdresslng Parlors they always suit you;
25c: good switches, $1; fine, $2 50; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, oc pkg. L-derer, 123 Stktn.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no vny: book for stamp. 6 Kddy st.
A-L.M'IES" tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St.
OUR leather is carved in Mexico: beautiful
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. I Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
itARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A — Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 2<K O'Farr"ll bet Powell &■ Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021 1 >! Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
$6000— CHEAP business corner, with or without
buildings. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgmy.
COTTAGE; near cars; warm belt; 6 room*;
$2200. "WILLARD." bag 2295, Call.
WANTED— Joint ownership of small grain
ranch; will furnish cash. Box 1425. Call.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$5300 — EA. V terms; new park residence. 9 sunny
rooms, finished basement, substantial and up
to date, fine location, large lot; Carl st.. be-
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddv-st.
line pass the door; Haight-st. cars transfer
to same at Masonic aye. J. STIERLKN,
builder and owner, on premises.
NEW HOMES
Five, fi. 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON, Builder.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GL'N.N, 410 Montgomery »UREAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE. i
A FEW CHAHMERS ~~ '
AT A M SPECK & OO.'S
In the Examiner building
$175.000-Market st.; 7 years' lease; rents
$10.00u per annum net; grand improvements.
$Ho.<>oO-«-stt)ry stone, brick and Iron building;
rents $io.i.KW pet annum; guaranteed lease- 8
•ase.
■
$r.f\.v>rv_s_ tory new rressM brick; 5 years'
guaranteed lease; rents $7000.
1.'5.000— 4-story brick; vicinity of Tlvoll; pays
5 per cent net; always rented.
S2s.Co<>-Grand investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market; lot 33x137; old Improvements;
cent S Per ■"■*■ net; if Improved will pay 10 Per, :
, '^'^ Jo ? e , 8 ft - : ~-?oot front comer with 3
tri ;, stages; fair improvements.
, V . '^ Geary St., near Mason; store and
lodging nous*. ■- :
JlB.ooo— First st.; 37-foot front: 2 fronts; near
Hussion. . . ...'-.:
$10,r.C«>— New flats; very fine: rents $S5.
"•'.•';" % ~ N " inth st-.'nenr Mission; - ness
JSoOO— Stocktcn st.; rent J7O: lease 10 years.
$,A»_<- a lifornla st. ; 3 flats; rent» $45
|4iSo— Turk -t. : 2 flats and stable; reduced!
iTTn JC-ViO; large lot. . :
$2000—2 fiats: r»nta $18.
$...0~C07.y new cottage; large lot, used for 1
Chickens and vegetables.
Oth?r bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO . 667
Market st.
POINT RICHMOND townsite to sell; 24 acres-
lots to lease. O. \V. HAIGHT. 401 California. !
NEW 6-m.-m h"use: Greenwich St.; near 2 car
lines. THE MCCARTHY CO., «4« Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
inscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
l»nc!» *t.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale j
tzm: WORTH *7000~ ; * :
Lot 100x200. corner. San Leandro road and |
Rose St.. in Fitchburc; new buildlnc, con- I
tafnincl store, saloon. 7 rooms, all improve- j
m->nts.- in perfect order; fine garden: stable !
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant j
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Arrly on promises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car parses |
d-ior; also branch office Call. Oakland.
FOR sale or to lease, small ranch In Redwood
City foothills. Apply 4?4 Carolina st.. Potrero.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
NICE improved residence in Berkeley, beauti-
fully laid out grounds, for small Improved
farm In tiay counties; must have go> d water :
facilities. German-American. 34 Kearny st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
. .
1
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list ;
free. Pacific Room-renting Co., 42S Kearny.
BRYANT, 1101 — Two or three furnished front
rooms; complete for housekeeping: cheap.
EDDY, 331—4 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; sunny; key at 333 Eddy st.
ELLIS. 51S — Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms ground floor: reasonable. :
ELLIS. 51S— 2 housekeeping rooms newly fur-
nished: ground floor.
FIFTH. 34S— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping ; cheap.
FOLSOM. 523— Parlor floor; 3 large rooms; well '
furnished for housekeeping; complete; single
or en suite. - ■
FULTON, 116, hear Van Ness aye. I
front rooms for housekeepinj at. reasonable j
rates. ;
FULTON, 218—2 furnished fiats, 2 and 3 rooms;
runntng water; coal and gas rang*.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 105^— Three large sunny .
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping; ;
private family; free telephone.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished comolete for housekeeping; large 1
yard: rent J13. 1
IVANHOE, 1005 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, cl^an.
sunny: fur. hkpg. suites <3 to 5 r.); $15 up;ref.
KHARNY. I<M-Front suite, unfurnished $10;
three rooms, $15.
LARKIN. 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MAIN. 311— Sunny furnished housekeeping
bachelor rooms; $4 to $S month.
OAK. 130^-3 furrJshed housekeeping rooms to
let; r.o small children.
O 'TA VIA. 14^3. cor. Geary— Sunny front room.
mantel, folding bed. kltche'n. gas stove, $12.
SACRAMENTO, i:>l4— Large nad small rooms;
nicely furnished; clean, sunny; excellent lo-
cation; private house; gentlemen or light
housekeeping^
SEVENTH. 17S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; {
housekeeping: large yard: running water.
BUTTER; 2(s2l^— Furnished parlor, bedroom. I
dining-room, kftchen, bath; no children: lady I
v.lll board for rent. ■
THIRD. 316— Housekeeping rooms, $1 50 to »2 50; j
also others.
VAN NESS. IC2l— Finely furnished sunny j
suites for housekeeping: also single rooms, :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at 100? Va- j
lencla st. '-■ '•£; I
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth — Rooms,
25c to ?1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping; pen all night. |
A BRANCH office for Call ......... and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service: elevator;
bath; room* 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING. |
AT New Grand. 24S 3.1—2:0 lst-class sunny nns .
floe to $1 day; 9"c to $4 wk. ; all housekeeping.
T "2 Second st., double rooms for week. $1 50
to $3: single. $1 to $i 50; day, 25c to 60c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1304 V —Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 12<>« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. mis. & offices.
KDDY 123 (United States Hutel.)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up: elevator day and night.
EXCELSIOR House, 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— New
mar.gt.; sunny front bay- wind. rms. ;trans'nt-
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER. ;
GEARY. 556— Elegant suite parlors, suitable for
•ientlst or physician; other rms.; piano; phone.
GEARY. 736. near Leavenworth— Two neatly
furnished rooms. $4 and $5 monthly: bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
ani Mission sts.— Sunny room*, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
II MGHT 108— Sunny furnished front room;
gas, bath or grate; 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE, 172. between Second and Third, i
near Harrison— Pleasant # Bunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable. " j
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 823— Furnished rooms from $1 p»r
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD.' 1130' i— Newly furnished rooms;
reasonable; light housekeeping privileges.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny rultes; running
water: reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1511 A —Bay-window front room,
su 11 ny side, nicely furnished: 1 ot 2 gents.
HUGHES HOUSE, 211 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night: $150 to $3 per week.
LEAVENWORTH. 517— Single sunny furnished j
room for a gentleman; $5 per month.
M \RKET I*2o <Las Pa I mas )— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
MASON. 511— Large sunny front room; gas;
also single: private family.
MISSION 92514 — Handsomely furnished newly
papered 'sunny 1 bay-window front room.
NINtTI 20 near Market— Front bay-window
suite; 'housekeeping or npt;.gaa, water: til.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and ;
offices; elevator; electric. lights: day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Coemos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
ROYAL HouwT 12« Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles
parlor: room*, per night. 3.".c to SI 50: week, $2
to $8: month. $S to HO: elevator on office,
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
irVENTH. '262— Xtcftly furnished rooms; sunny
all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Arartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
iTOP hunting furnished rooms: get list free.
Pacific Ro'jai Renting Co.. 426 Kearny It
THE Heath, 312~Eddy st.-First-class rooms
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences. |
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house j
for good people. H. HUGHES. Proprietor. .
THE Piedmont UI9A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay-
window rooms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week lip ' |
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week; |
also single rooms for men.
TURK~I36— Handsomely furnished modern al- j
cove room; overlooking Jefferson Square; sun ;
all day. ' ' - ' ■• '■ . :
ROOMS A TED.
WANTED- r^arge plainly furnished room with
light •.-►■ping privileges: within 8 blocks
of Seventh and Market ets. Box 2287, Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, .sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WS" Ome'tery " Association— The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
September 25. ISM. at 2 p. m. at the office of
the association. Point Lobes aye.. far the
election of Trustees, etc. By order of the
Trustees. GEORGE T. BOHEN. Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS, »95 Market St., office 2—
. New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION ;
CO.. 415 .Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEBA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent— A well-furnished house, of 7 rooms; ;
917 Chestnut St., bet. Pan Jose and Clinton
ayes. : short distance from Chestnut-st. sta-
tion; apply mornings.
TO let— New house. 7 rooms and bath; rent
$15 .10. 2103 Clement aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth. ,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange In beautiful Berkeley. ! whole !
blocks of perfectly level land, about 2400 front
feet: street work all done and only ! block
from railroad station; no mortgage; value ;
$13,000; will exchange for business property
in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
NEAR the University: 2 houses, well rented;
lot 150x135: street work done: cash value $6C00;
mortgage $3<t". will take ranch for equity.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
A VERY handsome residence, near the Uni-
versity: now rented for $30 monthly; will ex-
change equity (about $4000) for residence
property in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Adjoining P. O-. Berkeley.
2-STORY house; 7 rooms and bath; 2 bay.
windows; hot and cold water; wooden man- !
tels: stationary tubs; brick foundation: 3.
blocks from railway station, schools, church 1
and electric-cars; price $1150: only $150 cash, j
balance $14 monthly: lot 40x100; this prop- \
erty Is cheap at $2000; take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS; office open Sundays and even-
lnzs.
MODERN cottage, almost ne.w; 3 large rooms,
bath and pantry: bay-windows; S-foot base-
ment, all floored; stationary wa.«htrays; hot J
and cold water: lot 40x127: price $500: only j
$100 cash, balance $12 monthly; 3 blocks from
school, railroad station, churches, stores and :
electric-cars: chance of a lifetime to get a j
good' home cheap. Take Berkeley train, get i
off at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS: office open Sundays and evenings. I
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2300— 5250 TO $500 cash. to monthly: elegant
new 2-story, colonial style; 6 rooms; porcelain
bath; modern plumblne; street work com- !
plete: Adeline station: choice, convenient lo-
cation; the last one of 11 new homes sold in
a few weeks: quick sales Fp p ak for the value
and location: s?e it at nnee; keys at office.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462
Eighth St., Oakland.
$320*— 5750 CASH; a snap: • minutes' walk to
narrow-gauge; new house: choice location.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND HOI'SKS TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; barn; B!
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove: rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you' from H. Scheilhaas. the
furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 97 fsoc per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon- ;
day. October 2 ISS9. Transfer books will close |
on Tuesday, September 26. 1899 at 3 o'clock
p. m . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for tools, materials, scientific In-
struments, books and office furniture for the
United States refrigerating and ice-making !
plant, Manila. P. I.— Office of the officer in
charge, room 507, Pullman building, Chicago, :
111.. September 7, ISSO. Sealed proposals in !
triplicate for furnishing and delivering above
articles In specified quantities will be re- ;
ceived here until 3 o'clock p. m., September ,
2?. 899. Bidders will quote prices for dcliv- j
cry at place of manufacture at Chicago, 111.,
and at San Francisco. Cal. For information
and lists of material to be furnished apply
at the office of the Depot Quartermaster. San
Francisco. Cal. Envelope* containing pro-
posal* should be marked "Proposals "Tools
and Materials for U. S. Refrigerating and Ice-
making Plant. Manila, P. 1.." addressed to i
MAJOR LEON S. ROUDIEZ, Q. M.. U. 3. [
V., and should be mailed in San Francisco j
not later than Saturday evening. September :
.- ■««
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Chas. F. Stenz and Margaret B. Oberleiter. 41-39
Frank H. Crane and Helena U. Harmon.. 24-25
Charles L. Myers and Edna I. Williams.. 36-19 ;
Charles Roedlger and Barbara Knorr 64-34 |
John Pratt and Annie Smith 44-31
Thomas Hines and Kate Lambert 21-15 ;
Wllhelm Russ! and Rosa Wettsteln 28-24
Thos. H. Barnes and Christine T. Larsen.. 27-22 •
Soren B. Qroth and Frederikke Borkholm. .43-23
BIRTHS— MARRiAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BORN.
BERNSTEIN— In this city, September 16, 1«99,
to the wife of Louis Bernstein, a daughter.
SMITH— In Vlsalla, to the wife of William O.
Smith 'nee Belz). a daughter. rv
MARRIED.
LUDWIG— DRAY— In this city. September 20,
I*B9. by the Rev. F. Bonn. John Ludwlg and
Amy Dray, both of San Francisco. |
died! *
Buckley, Ellen Little, John T.
Brarens. Mabel 1. Ide, Frederick
Cochrune, Joseph J. LaWßon, Charles S. :
Cohen, William Monre, Catherine
Cohn. Jenny Peacock. A:n «
Chesney, Teresa Peyber, Henry
Carroll. Miss Mary Schnoor. Annie
Dugpan. Theresa " Tlaffay, EHsa
Eiben, Dorathea A. Thompson, George
Flanigan. William J. Welsgerber. Theresa j
Harris, Max Weise, Richard
Koch, Anita T. B. ' Walsh, James
BUCKLEY— In this city. September 20. 1599.
Ellon, beloved wife Of thr late Timothy Buck-
ley, and eister of Mrs. Timothy O'Keefe and
Cornelius Donovan, a native of New Market, ,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years.
(T7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, fn.nn the resides of
her sister. Mrs. O'Keefe. IS3I Mission street,
thence to St. Charles Church, where a re-, j
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
. HtNßY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to' Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
■ Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
.N. F. Dethlefsen. . . Chas. H. Jacob.
CB4SH JACOB CO: £"«£ -m,
. Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers. 31S Mason street, bet. Geary and
O' Farrell streets. Telephone Main "213.
McAVOV dfc CO.. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market rt.. - between Bth and 9th. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
' ' Telephone South 247. I
* niraiM— ' n^aam '1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1599.
BRARENS— In this city. September 20. 1899. j
Mabel dearly beloved daughter of Anna and
the late Henry Brarens. and sister of Hattie."
Harry. Ella ami Arthur Brareps. a native of
>. San Francisco, aged 5 years and 6 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the. residence of ;
her mother. 3701 Seventeenth street, near j
Church. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COCHRANE— In this city, September 20, 1599,
Joseph J.. beloved husband of Gussle Coch- j
rar.e i nee Begley), and only brother of Robert
B. Cochrane.
CThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COHEN— Alameda. September 21. 1599. Wil-
liam Cohen, beloved father of Israel S. . Ben-
jamin, Aaron and M. H. Cohen. Mrs. B.
Bernard, Mrs. I. Levison, Mrs. Ralph Levy
and Rose Cones, a native of England, aged 78 .
years.
C?*Notlce of funeral hereafter.
COHN— In Napa, September 20, ISS9. Jenny, be-
loved wife of Gabriel Cohn. and mother of .
Mrs, M. Arendt and Pearl. Lillian. Max. Ga- :
briel. Charles, Seth, Julius 'and Arthur Cohn, ;
aged 55 years.
G?*lnterment private.
CHESNEY— In this city. September 20. 1599,
Teresa, dearly beloved wife of Andrew Ches-
ney mother of Raymond Chesney, daughter
of M. J. and the late Mary Farrell." and sis-
ter of Emma A. Farrell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years " months and "0
days. ;«?
("-?■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2576 Foleom street, thence to St. Peter's
Church. Alabama street, where a reQUiem '
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9. o'clock.
CARROLL— In this city. September 20, 1599,
Miss Mary B. Carroll; sister of Mrs. A. G.
1 Cosgnff. a native of Mallow, County Cork,
Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late residence.
2UI Webster street.* thence to St. Dominic's :
Church for service?. Interment Mount Cal- ■
vary Cemetery-
DUGGAX- In this city, September 1?. 1599.
Theresa, beloved wife of Jamee B. Duggan, |
mother of Joseph B. Duggan, and sister of j
the late Dr. W. E. Reardon, a native of ;
Dublin. Ireland, aged 57 years.
IQTFrlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, MB O'Farrell street, thence to St. !
Mary's Cathedral. Van .Ness avenue, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose- of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EIBEN— In 'his city, September 20, I^9, Dora-
thea A., dearly beloved ■ wife of Henry J.
Eiben and mother of Henry Jr.. Caroline and
Theodore Elben. a native of Helde. Holstein,
German] aged 53 years 10 months and S days. j
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 655 McAllister street, between Frank-
lin aria Gough. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme- j
tery,
FLA.NIGAN— In this city. September 20, 1898,
William J. Flanigan, member of Company A.
teentfa Minnesota Volunteer Regiment. 1
eldest and beloved son of the late William I . >
and Mar-. Flanlgan. and brother of Thomas j
1' Flanigan, Mrs. Charles Buros, Miss Belle 1
Flanigan. Mrs. Newton Depuy, Char H.
Fianlgin Mrs William ?>idel and Robert
and the late Frank J. Flantgan. a native or
Kentucky, aged > years and 3 months.
Z~? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite to attend the funeral this day j
(Friday 1 at 2 p. m., from the parlors of H. |
F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between 1
Seventh and Eighth. Interment private at
National Cemetery, Presidio.
HARRIS- this city. September 21. 1889. Max j
Harris, a native of Poland, aged 66 years.
KOCH— In this city. September 11. 1*99. Anita j
T H. beloved wife of iKnaclus Koch, mother 1
of Robert Koch, and beloved daughter of Mr. j
and Mr.-. William Telfer, a. native of ban j
Francisco, aged -6 years.
D-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LITTLE— In this city. September 20. 1539. John j
T. son of Etta and the late George D. Little
brother of George D. Ltttle. and grandson of
the late John T. Little, a native of San Fran-
cisco, agsd 23 years.
E7Frier.d3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew ft English. 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter- (
'ment Masonic Cemetery.
LOHEIDE— In this city.. September 20, IS3J,
Fredertck W.. dearly beloved husband of Isa-
bella. Loheide. and father of Mrs. R. Jentzsch
and Max H. Loheide, a native of Winden.
Westphalia, Germany, aged 66 years 3 months j
and 6 days. A member of Vereln Elntracht.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this lay
(Friday) at ! o'clock, from his late residence,
743 O'Fa'rrell street, between Hyde and Lar-
kin. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
L\WSON-In this city, September M, 1599, j
Charles S beloved husband of Jane A. Law- ]
son. a'native of Sweden, aged M years and 2 ,
months.
Friend." and acquaintances and comrade* .
of James A. Garfleld P->st No. 34 and com-
rades of the G. A. R., also members of kin-
dred associations, are respectfully Invited to :
attend the funeral from Os>rl Post rooms, ;
.114 O'Farrell street. Sunday. September 24, 1
at l:3 n o'clock. Interment National Cemetery, )
Presidio.
MOORE-In Oakland. September 19, 1599. Cath-
erine Moore, aunt of John. Martin. David.
Mich and Ellen Flynn. a native of County
Rcscon-.mon. Ireland, aged 50 years.
[CTRemalns nt the parlors of J. C. O Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
PEVOCK— In this city, September 21. 1599,
Vmoa beloved husband of Alzura Peacock,
and father of Lev! D. Peacock, a native of
Wayne County, Ind., aged 69 years and 6
months.
PEYSER— In this city. September 21, 1599, at
his residence, 321 Clementina street. Henry. !
beloved husband of Bertha Peyser, and |
father of Mrs. Pauline Jacobs and Eva Pey-
ser, a native of Krotochin, Prussia, aged 69 !
years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHNOOR— ln' this city. September 20, 1899, An- ,
nic, beloved wife of Christian H. Schnoor.
and eister of Mrs. P. Kaney, Mrs. Delia 1
Kaney and Patrick McDonough. a native of
Clifton. County Galway, Ireland, aged 47
years.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late residence. ;
4W - .twell street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TIAFFAT— In this city. September 20, 1533.
Elisa TialTay, beloved mother of Leopold
■ Weinant, a native of France, aged 52 years.
Z. T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlore of j
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
THOMPSON— In this city, September 21, 1599,
George, beloved husband of Carrie V. Thomp-
son, a native of Scotland.
WEISGERBER— In this city, September 21.
1599. Theresa Ann. beloved wife of William ;
\> a - prb^r. a native of San Rafael,- Cal., ,
aged 32 years 2 months and 23 days.:
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
der.ee SlO Webster street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
WEISE— In this city. September 21. 1539, Rich- '
ard Weise, a native of Germany, aged 42
years.
WALSH— In this city, September 20, 1839,
James, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Walsh, and father of John and Richard
Walsh, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
C?*Friendß and acquaintances are respect- ;
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day '■
(Friday), at % 3d o'clock, from the parlors of \
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth :
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. •>?;:■:■-••.:.■-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G W Pierce, Davis L Rochat. Stockton
W S i;r»en. Coluaa F A Twombly. Cal
Miss O Green. Cnlusa W F Johnston, L Ang
M J Wlttlinger & w, J R Hall. Los Ang
Napa W E Hoffman. L Ang
I> I'ampbell, Los Ang C «"• uickson * w. Cal
W W Hall, .-'acto W Wileoz. Pasadena
G E Johnson, Alameda Mrs Webber. N T
W E Thomas, S cruz X L PParrot,t t, S Diego ;
M 0 Hlbish i w. cal M Biggs Jr. Oroville I
W H Murphy, NY S Dwyer Sacto
F M Singer. Chgo E H Webster. Cal
A Ekman, Oroville Dr E W Wells. Cal
X <■ Btatnford, > al L E Hysello. S Jose
D W Burchard. S Jos» Mrs E C Ivlns Cal
A A Miliere. L' S A Mrs L Harlan. Sacto '
A P Hayn<\ U 8 V W J Wiley Cal
J Roy, Cal W T Knox, Sacto
(; X Thompson, fa! G A Gutir.an. Cal
J T Frances. St Louis E E M'<"u!!ough, Cal
J M Juhnson. Cal H Harris.
Mrt-- W S Mapes & eh, H Leiahd & w, Cal
;<2 : I' S Inf J Flanigan, Reno
Mrs J H Culver & dau. Mrs H R Taylor. Cal '
32d 13 S In/ Miss Ingalls. Alameda
P A Raker. NT C J George, Log Ang
L G'i«len, Dawson C J Teogle, Johannes-
If C 'In'tUh Anvil burg
J S \\ hite. Anvil M Franklin, N V
W F l'ft<»rs. n. Bad 1 E D Andrews, Mont
M Kielsburg. Alaska
PALACE HOTEL.
J W Knox, Merced ,T B Bradley A w. 111 \
Mf»ff>i Langnn, lowa R J Eurd»tte Se w. Cat
A I) McL.-..-.d * w, O J S Enright &. w, Cal
M>^ E M Leod, Ohio T J Field &w. Monter |
J R Patton, L# Ang B Johnson Aw. CS A
R A Bray & w. Oakld D Patenaude. Mvnt
H 11 I'.t'-her. Livermr C H Morrison. 11l
C H Lymberg. NT T Flint. San Juan
T L Mullin. USA W Thompson Uuttc
A C Williams & w. Cal Mrs J Ough. Sacto
C Gordon. Lewlston Miss M Andrews Cal
Couut Hooka, D C a H McKay, Los Ang
M C Snyder. Chicago W J Ladd, Boston
U 7.< bleln i w. Ls Aii? J R Hall & w, Ohio
Miss X Zobteln, L Ang O J Low, Ind
E P-burn. Cal W Ellis. Marysvllie
J R Dearth, Bakersfld W E Lovdal, 3acto
C N Thonian. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
E P McPh Homey. Cal Nebraska
H A All»n. Stockton J Niggle, Sacto
A Sars'.n. Alaska J OVonnel!. Vallejo
A Johnson. Alaska W Martinet. Vallejo j
G Bryant, Marysville L Erna. Stockton
W C Wiley. Cal J vt'elienkrtter. Reno
H J Reimer. Cuba F Stuart. Lob Ang
J I, Clifton. Sacto F M<-<tnwan. Ohio
W B Wilht'len. Mo W J Maxwell. Fr«sno
F E Rus**;i * w. Cal p Thorsen, Chicago
T McLaujjhlin & w.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William M. Lacey to Samuel B. Caldwell,
lot 1113. Gift Map 3; $1".
J'+.i N Kenney to G. B. Flnocchlo, lot on
W corner of Eighteenth avenue and G Btreet.
SW 200 N\V 459.60, NE 200, SE 456.10. block
143 Hunter Tract South San Francisco: also
lot on SW line of Nineteenth avenue. 13^.74
SE of H street, STE 1T4.26. SW 100. NW -v
NW to point NE C' 3.52, block 3i>l. same; aiso
lot on SW line of Eighteenth avenue. 73 Sf:
of H street, SE 75.0*. 3W MO, NW J6, NE
200 block 362. same; also all Interest in blocks
362' and 391. Hunter Tract; $10.
Sadie Jordan to John «'. H. Jordan. lot on 3
line of Pacific street, 16:34 W of Montgomery
avenue W 35:9 by S 137:6: also lot on W line
of Kearr.y street, 127:6 N of Jackson, N 74. NW
■ ! \V 16 34 S 137:6, E 69:2; also lot on NW
corner of Green and Dupont streets. W 29:4> ?
by N ;7 5- also lot on N line of Broadway. '.<3
E" "f Taylor, E 22:6. N 62:6. E 24:6, N 62:6. W
'4 6 S 23 6 E 2, S 3i>; also lot on N line of
Broadway-. *> E of Taylor. E 3 by N 39; gift.
Hlbemia Savings and Loan Society to Hugh
McCrun:. lot on S line of Hardie place. 40 E
of Kearny. E 3" by S 59; $20,. M0.
F»-ank R<:>c<?atagliata to Mary Roccataghata.
lot on E line of Fifth avenne. 400 S of Point
- aver.uo. S 25 by E 120; gift.
James Walsh to Arthur J. Ahem, lot on SE
corner of Tenth avenue and B street, E 32:* by
S 100- $10.
Will or William E. and Mary E. Grant to
Henrietta Allen fwlfe of W. W Jr.), lot on
NW corner of Tenth avenue and L street, N
100 by W 32:6; $10.
Raymond A. and Winifred A. Perry to Con
nor and Perry Trust and Investment Company,
lots 30, 32 and 33, block 25, Lakeview Tract;
' Adolph U. Stremmel to same, lot 32, block 25,
"^Charles W. and Ella I. Bmvth and Wade G.
M es to Ernest Carlisle Read, lot on SW
' corner of Halloway and Plym-'Uth avenues,
W 25 by P 100 lot 34. block S. Lakeview; $10.
: Jacob and Lina Heyman to tt'ilemina Man
! ders (wife of H-r • t 7i Qitt Map 2; $10.
Same to Annie Siliiso iwite of Joseph), lot
: 523. Gift Map 3; $10
Sa»e to Mary Silligo (wife of Ambrose), lot
525. same; $10.
William L Whelan to Thomas Clarke, prop
erty in 11«6 d 100. made by Adolph Sutro to
James Long, May 1. ISSS. lots 44 and 45. block
B fronting on S line of Merrltt street, between
Hattie and Rose Map of Park Lane Tract, be
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth streets; $5.
Rosa Ph'Sllp* and Philip and Samuel Go^lins
kv t Minna Gosllnsky. all interest In estate of
Ellas Gi -linsky as to real property. San Fran
! Cisco Probate; $— .
Alameda County.
Elenor and John W. Hope to Thomas M. and
Anita Earl lot on SE corner of Jean street and
iry line of Sunr.y Slope Tract. N lttt.74,
\V 196 ?4 to beginning, beinir
■ I and a portion of lot 18, block B, Sunny
Tra<n. Oakland; $10.
■ Catßefiae H and Ann;- T. Ath^arn to Jesse
' M and Mir-- McOuire, lot on E line of Center
' street 43 S of Twelfth. S Go by E 104, being
portions of lots 15 and 16, map of Center-street
H me lots, 1 -;ikland: 1800.
' .--phlne and Adam Levasler tn John A.
Lcvusler lot on S line of West Sixteenth street,
140 W of Campbell. W U r.y S 12T>. being lot
; 11, block 72SA. < >aJtlar.i M
E. J. Flar.igan to City of Oakland, lot ' - FTS9"
on map showing lands to be taken for opening
of ("ommerce ctreet fr-m East Twelfth to East
' Twentj -second. East Oakland (quitclaim deed);
'\
Ethel Beaver to Mary D. Hickey. lot on M
line of Purant avenue, 400 E of Dana street,
■ E So by N 13". being lot 21. block A, Beaver
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Louisa O'Toole to Isaac Flagg, lot on SW
rnei f Ell ■ street and Shattuck avenue.
by W 135, being lot 1 ar.d N 40 feet of
- block 13. Berkeley Villa Association
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary E. and John G. Letbert to Mary E
r on N line of Hlake street, 4't6 62
W of Shattuck avenue. W 50 by N 12:165. being
a portion of plat 68, Rancho V and D Peralta,
Berkeley: $£00.
Frank and Elise C. J. Fuemstahl to Home
stead Loan Association of Berkeley, lot on E
line of Eighth street. 100 N of Bancroft way.
N 1M:I by E 130. being lots 19 and 20, bl<x-k
118. tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley: $10.
; Ann M. Bnyder to Byron Q. Snyder, lots 21,
' 22 and 23 and N half <">f lot a on map of cor
rected map of subdivision of Snyder Homeatead
' Tract. B-rk>»lf>y; gift.
Joseph C. and Cora A. I-awless to Mary v
Ahrens. lot <m N line of Oakland avenue, 134.32
■ Peralta. E 154.52, N 50, W 132.40. s • ■
! beginning, being !->t« 101 and 202, R<-'se Tract.
I being; a subdivision of lot 12, Peralta Tract,
klra Township; $.".•'
W. J. Chiprhase. Emily J. Fairw»ather ar.d
Fanny L. Matheson to John M . Eliza D. and
riarn E ("■hit>''hase and Lu<-y B. Gray, lot on
S line of EniMnal avnue, 300 E of Willow
. E s(i by S 140 being lot 12. block H,
lands adjacent to Ennnal, Alameda: tv>.
C"har:^s O. R^hhar :r. R:>-hard B. Morrison
and George ■' ucecutors estate of Jona
than L White) to William ' irmond, lot on W
:' Second avenue, :•;■!> S of Santa «'lara
avenue, S 46:2 by W 141:6. block 222, Alameda;
Mary F. Tray tn W. A Hershlser. beginning
at NE comer of lands of IMavilla. on W side of
MaJn street. W 100, N "• . E 100, ? 68 to begin
ning, belnt; portion of Plot 44, Itancho El Valle
de Sin Jose, Murray Township: $!>'.
Christine L. Mason to Charles L. Colvin, lot
I on E line of Filbert street, 306 ti of Tenth. S 3o
I by E 125. Oakland; $10.
Margaret Donovan to William J. Donovan,
: lot 10. blo<-k SI, Oakland: gift.
Margaret A. Donovan (widow) to Margaret A.
Donovan (daughter), lot 11, block 51, Oakland:
' gift.
Margaret A. Donovan to John B. Donovan,
lot 12, block 5L Oakland; gift.
Alfred ajid Elvina Wood to John P. Clark.
! lot on NE line of Perry street. 69 SW from
common corner lota t and 7. on Terry street,
NE 30. SW 8:6, thence 216 to NE corner of
Perry street to a point S feet NW from point of
hpglnnlng. SE to beninnine. ti»!ne purr, n <-,f
let 6. block T, Revised Map Oakland Height?,
Oakland: $10.
.Tame? A. and Ceiia M. Johnson to Henry
S.-h-Mlhaas. lot on N line of Thlrty-fnurth or
Brown street. 107 W of Linden. W K. N X
>.:■ 8 7: 10 to beginning, being lot IS block
I 653. Glaecork Tract. Oakland: lift
1 J. Armstrong and L. C. Mayhew to Grace G.
Richards, beginning at a point 493 S from SE
corner of Vine and Spring streets and 140 E
from E line of Spring street, E 160. N 12, W 140,
S 42 to beginning, being portidh of lot 13,
block 3. Berkeley View Homestead Association.
! Berkeley; ilo.
E!»na L. Feraita tn Edelfrida C. de ArgueMo,
all interest tn following: s*. To acres, being Plot
?9 n n Map of lands In partition in suit of Wil
liam P. Toler ft al. vs. Jose C. Peralta (ad
; mlnistrator) et al.. Brooklyn Township; also
re», being known as Division Ni 5, Cas
- irvey; also any other property in Alameda
ity, Brooklyn Township: gift
Henry and Jcani" I>. Easi. George P. and
Elizabeth Haley 01 Holy and Emily K. Latham
'< (by J. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to Lunri
Raffeto. lot on N corner of Twenty-fifth ave
i nu» and East Twenty-third street. N 52.34. W
7J -'■ I NE line of East Twenty-thini -
. SE ti> beginning, being portion of lot 8, block
C, I-uham Terrace, Brooklyn Township: $1500.
i J..hn H an.] Celina D. Spring Vi Manuel da
' Tambra. lot 2. block S3, Town of Decoto, Wash
( ington Township; $125.
<'n-~ar Gaspar to Eva A. Ga?pnr, lot on ■»>
! line of Henry street. 145:3'- N of Fifth str»<>t.
N X by E 125, being lot 32, block 435. Oakland:
A. <". and Anna Anderson to Sophie Frau
! neder (wife of L.), lot on Seine of Jon
; SSO W of Telegraph avenue, W 30 by S 10.
; being a portion of lots 14 and IS, Corrected Map
of Jones Tract, Oakland: $10.
Ernest A. and Ellz.-ibeth D. Heron to John
I C. Walling, lot 19. block E. Linda Vista Ter
! race, map 2. Oakland; DO.
1 Joseph ar.d Rarlara Mason to Frederick H
' Clark. Ir.t on E line of Mark street, 120 N of
Kearney avenue. N 40 by E 135, being the S
40 feet of lot 7, block 1, Kearney Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
I H. A. and Christine S. Pleitner to Hans Roh
-1 weder, let 4 on map of subdivision of lot 46,
I Bray Tract. Bntoklyn Tawnship: HO,
Herman Whirlcw Oxecutor estate of Joseph
E. Nutting) to same, undivided one-half in
terest in lots 27 m M, block 606, Scotchler
Tract, Oakland; $3<K>.
Builders' Contracts.
J. P. and E. TroulUet (owners) with Hugh V.
McDonald (contractor), architects Oliver
Everett and G. A. Berger — Brick and carpenter
work, mantels, illuminating grates, roofing,
patent, chimneys, bell-hanging, wiring, glaz
ing, plastering, cementing and tiling for a
1-story frame building with brick basement on
E line ot Polk street. 102:s>< 4 6 of Washington,
E 137 :fi by S 25. W. A. IS: $7175.
James and Katie Smith .(owners) with Mal
lory & Bweneon (contractors), architect Charles
J. I. Devlin— Carpentry, joinery, mil! and iron
work, tinning, stairs, hardware, electrical
work and glazing for two 2-story and basement
frame buildings "n SW corner of Guerrero and
Borland- streets, W 100 by S 50, M. B 79: MSB.
Same owners with Hhanr & Grundy (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing and gas
flttlng for same on same; $15«0.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
tiven are in addition to the soundings on tho
t'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given U subtracted from
the depth given by th* charts. The plane or
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
# — — *
I Steamer Movements.
1
.1 «
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.: |. From. i Due.
■
Willamette [Seattle :.,.... Sep. 22
Willamette Seattle [Sep. 22
Weeott I Humboldt.... Sep. 22
Mariposa Sydney Sep. 23
State of Cal Portlapd Sep. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena T..., Sep. 22
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 23
San Mateo — .. Nanaimo. .......;. Sep. 23
North Fork...*.. Humboldt........;........ Sep. „
Orizaba ...... Newport Sep. 23
Prosreso 'Seattle '...:..'..... Sep »3
Washtenaw- ....Tacoma Sep. 23
A. Blanchard...!Coos Ray ...• ..;.. Sep. 23
Pomona IHumboldt , Sep. 24 j
R. Ad"am50n....|Nana1m0............-----lffP- 7*
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 24
; Aberdeen ...... Portland = e P- £?
| Luelia ...ITillamook. !5 e P- f
' Crescent City... Crescent City... Sep. »
Santa' Rosa San Diego |«P ; 2
Mackinaw Tacoma.. g e^- f;
Coos. Bay Newport l-fP- -;
Columbia Portland | e P- £'
Curacao Mexico .£">'• "
Corona San Diego ••— ••• f e P-
Queen [Victoria & Puget Sound S^p. -i
America Mam. China and Japan l^eP- *'
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j pier-
Ruth '., JCoos Bay Sep. 22. 8 pm Pier 2
Carm'shr .. China* Japan.Sep. 23, 10 am S\V i
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 23. 19 am Per 9
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 23. 2 pm Per 13
Corona San Diego..... .Sep. 23, 11 am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 24. 10 am Pier 13
Samoa Humboldt .Sep. 24. 10. am Pier I
A. BlanohrdjCoos Bay }Sep. 2o. J pm Per «
Point Arena Point Arena.. [Sep: 2c,. *P™E" ,1
State Cal... Portland Sep. 25. 10 am Pier -i
Orizaba ....Newport Sep. 2. 9 am Per 11
Pomona .... Humboldt.. Sep. M, 2 pm Per »
Luella .:.... Tillamook Sep. 26, ......'tier i
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 26. 9 am Pier -
Santa Rosa. San Diego..... Sep. 27. 11 am Pier 11
Aberdeen ..Portland. Sep. 88, ••"^teMM'
Colon Panama.' Sep. 28. 12 m PMSS
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 28. 19 am; Pier 9
Coptic -. China & Japan Pep. 29. 1 pm PMbSj
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 29. » am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 30. 10 am Pier .4
Shipping Intelligence.
i_ : -*
ARRIVED.
•■. •' Thursday. Seotember 21-
Stmr Samoa.- Jahnsen. 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Empire 53 hours from Coos Bay. I
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 4S hours frm Port
, L S S tnfr n^'rona. Hall. €3 hours from San Diego
"sLT Brunswick. Andresen. 45 hour* from
Newport South, via San Pedro 38 hours, T ,
" Stmr Gipsy, Inland, 24 hours frm Moss Land
"ftmr Ruth. Lundqulst, —hours from — -.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse. Salvesen. IS da>s fm
C Shr P ' k Jab£' Howes. Clapp. 126 days to New
Turk, via Baltimore US -lava.
Schr Gem. Nelson. 5 days from Coos Bay
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel. 7 days from TIII- |
aI Sehr' Ocean Spray. Nyman. 24 hour* from |
IV ,;hr n Nca{f Low, Low. 5 hours from Point |
: R Schr' V M Baxter, Marshall, 8 days from New j
' AVhatcom. CLEAREP .
Thursday. September 21.
: Nor stmr Titania. Egenes, Nanaimo; John
R Stmr Pomona,' Shea. Eureka; Goodall, Per
; * Br bark o Ventura. Ahrens, Antwerp; Qirvin &
Eyre " SAILED. .
' -.;-. " Thursday, September 21.
. Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow. Ban Pedro. ■
Stmr Tacoma. bixon, Manila via Honolulu
Stmr Geo W Elder, Parsons, Manila via
Honolulu. '
' Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
l Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
| Stmr Brunswick-. Andresen, Astoria, etc.
Nor stmr Titania. Egenek, Nanalmo.
Fr bark Lamoriclere, Creques. Mistlet.
Setir Mary C Madsen. Fort R-*s.
Schr dyinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing.
Schr Salvator. Asmussen. Port Blakeley.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 21. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug 5—14 N 27 W, Br .-hip Falls of Afton. fm
Antwerp for San Francisco.
Sept 17— 50 NI W. Br ship Lynten. from New- \
I castle. England, for San Francisco. ;
. Per tug Rescue— Sept 21, off the Heads, ship
Llewellyn J Morse, from Chignlk Bay for San
FranClßC °- MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Sept 20— The Ft bark President
Thiers from San Francisco December 22. I*3B.
for Liverpool, has been posted in Lloyd p s as
mIBB ' nfr - DOMESTIC PORTS.
' PORT TOWN6END— SaiIed Sept 20— ship
i F&irport, for San Francisco.
i SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Sept 20-Stmr
'■■ Newburg, from Redondo.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 21— Bark Northern
Light, from Roche Harbor.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 21— Br ship The
: Hahncmanti, for Queanstown; bktn Addenda,
for Mollendo.
COOS BAT— Sept 21-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS ' LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 21— Schr i
I Barbara Hemeter, hence Sept 20.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 21— Stmr :
; Whitesboro. for Ban Francisco.
J PORT GAMBLE— Balled Sept 21— Schr Amer
! ican Girt, for San Francisco.
i SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 21— Str Alcatraz;
stmr San Pedro, from Santa Barbara.; etmr
i Rival, from Ueal. • «i"^'-'Vi" '.ii.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept 21— Schr Bertha.
Dolbeer, from Eureka; bark Pactolus, from
Philadelphia. ; ■'■■; ';■'' ~-' : - "■_"••
EUREKA- Arrived Sept 21— Stmr South
Coast, hence Sept 19; schr Ecllpae, hence Sept 4.
. Bailed Sept 21— Schr Occidental, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena, for Pan Pedro.
• EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Passed out Capes Sept Br
ship Glooscap. from Norfolk for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Sept 20— bark
Adderley. from Vancouver. . . r- :-;-■'.
i CARDlFF— Arrived Sept 20— Br ship James
Kerr. from Tacoma.
CVXHAVEN— Sept 17— ship Glen
alron, from' Hamburg for Puget Sound.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Sept 7— Etmr Flint
shire, for Oregon.. • . . . •
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Sept 15— stmr
! Port Stephens, for Seattle.
NANAlMO— Arrived Sept Bark Theobald,
! from Victoria.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 20— Bktn William
Carson, from Port Btakeley.
SANTA ROSALIA— To sail Sept 25— Bf ship
Crown of England.
GUAYMAS— To sail about Sept 25— Haw schr
Honolulu.
Arrived Sept 14— Schr Maria W Tuft, from
Fart. Bras*: to sail Sept 23. Arrived Sept 17—
Stmr Curacao.
.MANILA— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Senator, far
San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept Stmr Bremen,
for Bremen via Southampton; stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, for Hamburg via Cherbourg and South
ampton. •
NEW YORK— Arrived . Sept 21— Stmr Olden
burg, from Bremen.
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr State of i
: Nebraska, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Co- i
i lumbia, from New York via Cherbourg for :
Hamburg.
! QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Der
byshire, from Boston for Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Pennland, from Liver
pool for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Sept 21— Stmr Rhyn
■ land. from Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM— SiIIed Sept 21— Stmr Amster
| dam, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Kaiser
Wllh»lm 11. from Bremen. -■'■'---'
OCEAN TRAVEL.
-
@IBMII1!i 5 - ? - Mariposa sails
lll&llia! vla Honolulu and
rE**"""* Auckland for Sydney
kg — — -,_ Wednesday. October
Tan^L'^ 4. at 10 p. m.
isfpam^mnj The S. S. Australia
CyJCOIIIJIIIU sall!1 for Honolulu
(o(l)©3lCcP Wednesday, October
I Favorite Line Round the' World, via Hawaii,
j Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez;
England, etc.; J6lO first class.
i. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Ants.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0ff1cc.327 Market St
AMERICAN LINE.
KBW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARII
■ Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
I St. Paul Sept. 2' St. Paul Oct. IS
! New York Oct. 4 New Tor* Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 11 St. Louis Nov. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
i i From New York* Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
! Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland ....Oct. IS
i Friesland .... Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. 25
Southwark .Oct. 11 Nordland Nov. 1
■ .*; EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Davvson City. :
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, , calling at
: Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
' connecting at Hongkong with steamers for ;
j India, etc. No cargo received on board' on day '
of sailing. « . ■?
AMKRICA-MARU Friday. October 6
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of."cc,
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMFAONIE GSNSRALE TRAN'SATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <££££
i from Pier 42. North River, foot of ->^S*->
'■ Morton st. LA TOURAINE. Sept. 30; .LA
NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA CHAMPAGNE, Oct.
'■ 14; LA GAPCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA BRETAGNE.
Oct.' 2S. First-class ■to Havre, 160 and up- ;
ward: 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction
;en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI- & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco.
f ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
———OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of the:
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of- December,
A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that day,
as made. to the Insurance Commissioner o£ the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. "
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash {500,000 00
ASSETS. — -
Real Estate owned "by Company J322.5T1 37
Loans on Bonds and Mortagages.... 2,034,193 17
Cash Market Value of all Stock* and ' '
Bonds owned by Company -2,363,11125
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of . Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 161.550 00
Cash in Company's Office 11.366 S3
Cash in Banks 153,007 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,154 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and —ortgages 65.672 85
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 851.403 26
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 2,633 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
' Insurance on losses already paid... . 10,073 74
Total Assets ..16.43a.563 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $129,555 79
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 123,816 21
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 36.410 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,792,988 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent 894,494 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
ning more than one year. $3,034,-
-l£o 09: reinsurance pro rata L 129,06* 17
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-,
Insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Tim«
Risks, S ; reinsurance 50 per
cent '.
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fir* insurance poli-
cies i 1,949,312 72
\U other demands against the Com-
pany 801,271 31
Total Liabilities ..*4.5«5.ai7 59
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 12,522,175 32
Perpetual deposits received 51.704 83
Received for interest on Bonds and • '
Mortgages 130.300
Received tor interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources.... 135.0*1 42
Received for Rents 8,637 94
Received from all other sources 17.743 33
Total Income ..t2.563.62S M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $212,756 88, losses of pre-
vious years) »1, 533. 541 25
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including I , losses of pre-
vious years') •
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 552,583 14
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 284,193 73
Pa:. l for State. National and local
taxes 81.003 04
All other payments and expenditures 150.637 16
Total Expenditures .J2.811.96!) 32
Fire.
Losses incurred •'Tiring the r - $1,591.997 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .1
written during the
year J296,683,6_ $3,353.894 04
Net amount of Risks -. -, , j,,
expired during the
year 311.862.977 3.i9C.257 89
Net amount In force
December 31. 1M5.... 355.2C8.055 3.532.1 M S4
______________
E. C. IRVIN. Prt-sid'nt.
BENJ. F. HERKNES3. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of January. 1 5.
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT,
JNO. D. RICHARDS,
~ Manager S. F. Department,
219 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL, -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
%^ Steamers leave Broadway
gg|fc^_ wharf. San Francisco.
fS»~3B»a. For Alaskan ports. M a. m.,
SW^pSßs^ September IS, 23. 2*, October
' S&ioSvKa 3 - Chang* at Seattle.
BS&sSkQ Ma Fcr Victtria, Vancouver
Jiafißfe2«£3Lail < B - '->■ I "'" rt T.Ttvnse^*- Se-
/ ait!*", Tacoma. Everett. Ann-
' cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., September
IS, 23. 28, October 3, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
(i. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry- „ .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 16. 21. 26, October 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucoa, Port Harford (San .Luis Obispn),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., September it. 21, 2". 29, Oc-
tober S. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Retlondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Seotember 15, 19, 23. 27, October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayrrias (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of aniline. ;-..-•
TICKKT OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (PaUce Hotel). .1
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acts..
~y->p; 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST BT_J»_nCRS TO
:p o t l a. IST d
From Spear-street WTiarf at 10 a. m.
CADE £12 First Clam Including Bert*
I Ant $8 Second Clas't and Meala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5, 15, 25: Oct. 5, 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20, 30; Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Awit.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Surprint
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
NAVY-YARD AND YALIEJoT
Steamer "Montlcello."
' MON.. Tu?s., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:16, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 5:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. -- --street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via &mu_* Parry
Commencing September 1, 1593.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DATS— 7:OO, •Sm »:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. *6:(*}, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on .Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^OO. '9:00. '10:00, 11:00, 11-30
a. m. : 1:00, «1:45, *2:30. »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m.'does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40, 7:53, 8:40. *10:20
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15. *3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m
■ EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 6:40 and 10:16 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, : '8:00. : »8:45. -•10:45. 11:45
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20. '3:30. ,*5:13. ■ »6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (*)■ run to San Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. • 6:50. 7:65, 8:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:5. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m. " ■-.' >' ■■'
THROUGH TRAINS.'
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:0o a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
RAILROAD THAVZL.
•OCTHKIIH PACIFIC COSirA 2TT.
(PACIFIC SVSTBM.)
train* lentc »n«l »!•<• due to urrlTe at
HA> llt,4«:iM». "
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
i_avjs —' ; From August 2. 1859. — arkivi
7:OOa Benlcfa, Sul3un and Sacramento. . . . B:-13p
?:OUa MarysTilla, Orotlileacd Bedding ria
Woodland 2 : i'" JP
7:00 a Elmira, VacaTilie and Kumscy 8:50p
7:8« a Martinez, Saa lUraon, Valleja Napa,
Cali3tcga _d Sac _ Rosa « : J» ?
81OO a Atlantic Express, Ojdeu and Kast.. »i*J4
•j3»a San Jose,' LiTermorc Stockton.
love Sacramento, FucemJe,
MarysTille. CUeo, lSeii Bluff *:IHr
8:80* •Milton, Oakdala and Sonera *:13p
8:30 a Yosemite Valley »i» Oakdale and
Cannes? *•]?*
O:OO* HaTwards, Niles and Way Stations. 11:43 a
»:OOa. Martinez, Trr-cy. Latbrop, Stockton,
. Merced and Fresno... Hslsr
i 0:O»a Fresno, l>akeislicl<l .Santa Barbara,
Lea Angeles. Doming, El Paso,
■ • • New Orleans and East «ri3r
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ~:4.jp
11:OOa Hajwards. Niles and Way Stations. *««»
I2:OOm Kilcs, Liverniore. Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. VLialia,
•i- -■»■■■ Pcrterrllle 4ilßf
■1:641f Sacramento Itivoi Steamers «»:OOp
a.OOp Haywards. Nil-* and Way Stations. 5:43»
4:OWp II art Inez, Kan It— con, Vallejo.
Napa, O«lls*ofa, Sauta Rosa 8il9«
4:ttor Benida, Vacavitlfl, Kacratiientot
Woodland, Knight* Lan'Ung.
MarysvUla. Oroville 10:4»a
4iBof Ni:eB, Ban Jose and Stockton .i : l2 p
4:30P YofcmiU^ Sleeping Car for E*7_ ond 12:13»
OiOOplha OwL Tracy. Fretno, 3_ ;ert-
fieldrSaneus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. ,S : 1« A
QiSOf Stockton. Merced. Frerno 1»:13P
»i3Op Martioe*. Tracy. Mendota. Fresno.
-. MoiaTo ami 1.04 Anselr: 8:43 a
fiiBOr Santa lo Route. Atlautla Express
forMoJa»eoud Kast 6:43*
9:00r Chicago-San Special. Ogden
aDd ICast 8:»«»
••••Or Haywarda, Kiles acd San Jose 7»4» A
•«iOOi- Vallejo 18:18*
|7:00r Tallejo. Port Cost* and Way 8t»- ' *•
* tions- ;»i33»
8:03p Orecoo l^xpregs.Haeramento, Marj»-
Tiile, IleilJitig. Portland, Fuget
Hound and l-:a.«t 8»13a,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow tiaag.^).
I (Foot of Market Street.) . -
l fliUi Santa Cn_ Excursion (or Santa
Cn_ and Principal Way Station* J8«05»
otl3A Newark, Centem!le,SanJose.Feltoo,
BonlderCrfr_.BantaOr_andWay
Stations . . 8»3«*
*>«13f Mewark. Centerraie, 6an Joae, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cr_ and rriaclpal Way
Stations •I»j»wa
4U>r Ban Jose, Olenwood and Way Sta- , • •
tions. «:20a
M>l*PTelton. Santa Cms and Way Sta-
tlons /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS fRUCISCQ— root of Mirkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M.. M. tl:OQ *2:CO |3:CO
•I:C3 t5:03 *6:C3p.u.
FFtBOiIUID— arßrt,ad»»».— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
tI2:C3 »i:O3 t3:3o_ *3:co t<:CO «B:CCr._.
COAST DIVISION (BroaJ Gauge), r
• ' • tThlrd and Townscnd Sta.)
•CjlOa Ocean Vie*, South San Franwco.. *6:30f
' *7:0«.\ San Jom and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays ouly) »8:OOa
, 17:80 x Sunday Excursion fcr SanU Cruz,
Paciflo GroTo and Principal Way
Rtations 18:33»
•j«Oa Elan Jose. Tres Finn*, K*nta Cruz,
I'aciUo Grove. Pas o Uubles. San
* Luis OliUpo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Way Rations 4il«F
l»i 111* San Joaa and Way Stations «:33a
|I>3Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations 1:80*
*2t43r San Mateo, lieJr-001, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. Ban Jose.
HoUister. Sauta Cm Balica*.
Monterey ami I'acltlo GroTe »IO:3*»A
•»:30r Han Jo«e. Santa Cniz, Pacific Grata .
and Principal Way Stations *7:30p
•4:18p San Jo*eaud Principal Way BtaUoni 0:43
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way SUtions "SiM 4
5:30p Sanjosa and Principal Way Stations *0:OOa
(i:'.(Ot> San Josoaud Way 8 a! am 5::; op
til -.43? San .Tt a.-.ul Way Sutlons }~:HOp
A for Morning P (or Af ternoou.
• Sunday ctxeepted. t Sunday only. 1 Saturday only.
fcS.iturday and Sunday. /Sunday anil Monday.
—
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY..CO.
LESSE3
UK FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:3SJ
: Z:io. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra tri?
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
' and 11:30 p. m.
•UN DAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30»
! 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. '
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:50. 9:2*. 11:10 a, m. ; 12:43,
; 1:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
i 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. . ..'.
SUNDAYS— S:W. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. -
; Between San Francisco and Schuetaea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave " I '►"- Arrive
: Bar. Francisco. In Effect ! Pan Francisco, ,
: — — 1 April 16. *•
; Wetk Sun- l»i>9. Sun- Week
'< - Cays. days. Destination. days. Day a.
• •»
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an»
1.30 pel, 9:30 am, Petaluma. | 6:05 pni,lu:2o a.i»
; i:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Kijga. 7:35 pal 6:20 pa*
Fulton,
7:Mam Windsor. 10:26 asa
Ilealdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville.
1:10 pm 8:00 am Glaverdal*. T:33 pm 8:20 pia
T:3O am Hopland and , 19:25 ana
S:SO pm 8:00 am Uk!_i. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 am 10:25 am
j 18:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
: 1:30 pmf j 6:20 pra
•■" ! ■ ■ — . { -
t:3O am! 8:00 am: Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
i ! and I i
1:10 pm 5:00 pa Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 4.0:40 am 10:23 an»
1:30 pm 5:00 pm; '•: : - I 7:30 pm| 6:20 pej
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservtlle for Skai??a
Springs; at Clovardaie for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring's, Highland Springs.
KeleeyvtUe, Carl-bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
Sort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prings. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
j totter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville.
Boonevllle, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
j Kavarro, Whttesboro,- Albion. Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brags.
■vTostport. Usal. Willitts. Laytonville, Cum«
raing's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Oisen's. Dyer;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. -
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointa
' beyond San Rafael at half rates.
; Ticket Office?. 630 Market St., Chronicle bld»,
H. C. WHITIKG, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
i THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
n THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE . AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT a:3O P. 11.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY _R.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
j DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
»
; SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 623
. MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 111S Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara st-
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23, 1839. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed, j Passen-
ger Sunday - Stations. Sunday ger.
i Dairy. ;Exc - rtd ExCptdj Dally.
7-20 am 10:30 am Stockton ! 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
I 9-10 am 2:05 pn Merced 12:40 pmj 4:13 pm
: 10-40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
! 11-35 am 7:45 pm Hanfcrd 7:45 am 1:45 pm
I • : 25 pm 12 30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
lllssam 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am| .l:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pni 1 Tui - s:aO am| 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
' Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
\ San Francisco. _
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
( Leave ban Francisco, via. Kausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 2S, 1833.
WEEK DAYS. 3:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
1 Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Return'ng Same Even-
Ing, arriving -in San Francisco at 11:20
I SUNDAYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:48. 2:30
and 4 j>. m.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st.
1314
DODGE IS PREPARING
TO DO THE BABY ACT
The Holiest of All Assessors Is
Up Against the Real Figures.
Mas Cost the Taxpayers Almost Seven Hundred
Thousand Dollars More Than His
Predecessor.
~ SSESSOR WASHINGTON DODGE,
S\ realizing that figures do not lie, la
r^j trying the next best thing. He la
i endeavoring to got behind the re
turns. His first effort was made
yesterday, after reading the article
in Tho Call In which his stuffed assess
ment rrtll was riddled with facts and fig
urea until it was the sorriest looking lot
of shreds and patches that ever came out
of an Assessor's office. As has been his
■wont, he lapsed into figures; and, as has
been his luck, th© figures are against him.
In a letter to th© editor of this paper ha
states:
It la further stated In the article In yes
terday's (meaning Thursday's) Issue that
the assessment roll for this year 1b not i
materially Increased, after deducting those
sums represent ing property on which the
collection or taxes Is doubtful. This la an j
error.
Over $25,000,000 remains on
the roll In excess of last year's
roll, on -which it is certain that
taxes WILL BE COLLECTED.
80, according to Dodge's own statement,
made In his own defense, the excess over
act year's roll, which he only claims now
■ more than $25.0Q0j000, is not represented ,
by taxes collected In th© treasury. At
east, ho confidently at that— -taxes
in this $25,000,000 WILL BE collected.
Notice that WILL BE
Now. if ho has not collected on this •
(25,000,000 excess, he has done no better, :
except on poll tax, taken mostly from the
poor, for the reason that they greatly
exceed the well-to-do, than his prede
cessor.
If that Is not an outright confession on ;
the part of "Juggler" Dodge that his roll |
was stuffed, what Is it? Nam© It, and
. ou can nave it. . _
Another dip into Dodge's letter of- de
fense doe* Dot help him any. -It shows
that he is not as clever with the type
writer as some people thought h» was
with chalk on a blackboard before they
:ricd him in office. In another paragraph
he says:
The large amount of personal property,
which apparently remains delinquent on
the tax rolls at this time. Is the dlreot
result of my attempt to assess that class
of proj.erty, which has heretofore always
rsraped taxation. The law holds me per
ponally liable for my failure to collect these
taxess, no matter how strenuously I should
••mJeaivor to do bo. I have made the at
tempt to collect taxes on this class of
property, such as bank stock and fran«
chisfs. with the full knowledge of my per.
Bosial liability under the- law should I fall
in my attempt to make this class of prop
erty contribute toward ring Its share
of the ex;*nses of this municipality.
Remember, Assessor Dodge is now do-
Ing his celebrated Juggling act. Keep i
your eyes on the ores, for he has whis- !
kers to deceive you. He continues that
"of the $9,utiO.u(Hi of property which is de
linquent $7.^0,137 Is composed of national
bank stock."
RpmcnibtT also that the nine millions
tie speaks of are the millions for whioh
he is responsible' to the city in the sum
of $122,98204, fur which demand has been
made upon him. Watch him close now,
for h"'* trying to fool you. He adds:
"Then la also delinquent, and forming a
part of the whole delinquency of $9,000,
--iOO, the sum of $1.200.<XK) for franchises as
sessed to the Oakland and Contra Costa
Water companies."
That's the way he explains the state
of affairs shown up yesterday In The
Call. The explanation is as near right
as is the assumption that he is holler,
l.arrlng the poll tax, than his predeces
sors.
1. I.ik at the figures furnished less than
a week ago by Dodge himself and see
how the?- fit his statements that he has
attempted to collect taxes on bank stocks
and franchises, and that these stocks and
franchises will total just the nine mil
lions, the taxes for which he If Bhy at
rhe city treasury. In his BUDtXlernent to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; By warm shampoos with Ccticitra Soap,
followed by lii^it dressings with Cuticura,
' purest of emollient 6kin cures. This treat-
■ mont will clear tue scalp and hair of
crusts, scalaa. and dandruff, allay itching,
soothe irritation, h:)til eruptions, stimulate
the hair follicles, and supply the roots with
nourishment and energy, thus producing
a. clean, wholesome scalp, with luxuriant,
lustrous hair. .
Hair Came Out Freely.
'• I had the typhoid over af tar which my hair
came out f roely. My mother suggested that I
use Ctticuha remedies. I did bo, meeting
•with untold sucooee. Myhairgrowln thicker
than .at first, cor use of Cuticoha Soap and
CtmcriiA (ointment). H. J. PATTERSON,
1206 W St.. y. Washington, D. C.
Bad Scalp Humor Curod.
I had a tail ecalp humor, and thought I
■would pro frantic with itching. I lost oonsid-
erable of my hair (of which I had an abun-
dance, and was very proud). I tried several
remedies but they r.U proved a failure. I
tried Cuticcha Soap, found immediate relief,
and the Itching la all gone.
Mrs. M..J CDAN . 24 1 llalliOay St., Jersey City.
Bad Dandruff Curod.
Dandruff made my hair f all out so bad I got
discouraged. I robbed Cdticuka (ointment)
well into the scalp tvri'-c a week, and sham-
pooed with warm -water and a good lather of
Cuticora Soap onco a week. .Mj hair is
growing: out thick once more, anil free from
dandruff. Miss ADA JAYES, Chelsea. Mass.
Bold throu«tH»ittl'« worM Hotter D awdCCobp.,
Tropn., ll'-' . " How ".n Ylvrr i.imirian; II«!r," free.
PftVF \'n" P £'^ ! *! " anJ %"-:' 1 -," Ri^ b .\ ntl ° 8
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Uneurveycd.
F. A. HYDE,
415 Montgomery St., ««n FrancUco
i his annual report. in trying to shew th
i Supervisors what a clever fellow he wa
he turned In a little table. In which wa
set down as taxed against quasi publl
corporations, for bonds and franchise!
(19,507,869. How can he squeeze that Int
i that untaxed nine millions, taking to
| granted his own latest statement tha
! J7.350.137 of that Is bank stock assess
I mem? li Is for the doctor to explai:
! when the District Attorney brings sul
against him for that $122,982 04 ho Is ah,
at the treasury.
In another portion of his letter Dodg
flies in the face of the Auditor's figured
Ho says that, notwithstanding the- lac
that the average yearly delinquency tin
der Slebo was $6400 and his (Dodge's) de
linquenoy this year Is 5122.952 04. "1
•will be seen that the oustomary delin
quency has been reduced this year to i
minimum amount." He probably arrive*
at the minimum In the same manner ii
which ho arrived at the maximum in hii
dummy roll, which under the law he mus
go Into court and confess i 6 illegal o:
void — in other words, stuffed for electloi
purposes— before he can be released fron
responsibility for collection of taxes un
der It. That he Is preparing to do thli
another paragraph of his letter shows, Hi
cays:
As the law compels the District Attorney
to yearly bring a suit against the Assessor
for all amounts remaining uncollected, I
presume that, following precedent, such a.
suit will be brought against me, In fact,
the District Attorney Informed me a month
ago that he would bo oompelled to follow
the plain reading of the law in this regard.
Why such a law should incumber our stat
ute books, which practically tends to pun
ish a man for his zeal in endeavoring to
list all property subject to taxation, should
he fall to collect thereon. I could
never understand. These suite have, how
ever been commenced yearly against my
predecessors In the pant, but on th« show-
Ing of the Assessor that he had used dua
diligence In his efforts to collect this un
secured personal property taxes have com
to naught.
It can be seen readily from a compari
son of the figures in Dr. Podge's letter of
defense that he evades the Issue raised
by the figures $122, 04. Not once in 11
does ha mention them, nor in any of his
reports. With him It Is "claim every
thing 1 and concede nothing." It's "I did
this, never "I did not do that" It Is the
familiar trick of the politician. Dr. Dodge
is forever crying, "1 nave reduced the
taxes on real estate." Let him prove it
if ha can. He does not refer once to the
fact that under his admirable dummy
assessment the taxpayers of the city of
San Francisco have paid Into the State
over seven hundred thousand dollars more
than they did last year. The figures speak
for themselves.
Siebe's roll for IS9S was $352,344,061,
State's share of taxation $1,719,439.
Dodge's "dummy" assessment for 1599
$405,111,615. State's Bhare of taxes $2,471,208.
Increase in States share, Dodge over
Siebe, $751,709.
In other words, the taxpayers of San
Francisco will be called upon to pay the
State more than $700,000 tor one year of
Dodge with all his delinquency. ' Would
you say the luxury was expensive? Think
It over.
MAIL ROBBER CAUGHT
BY INSPECTOR FLINT
HAD ESCAPED FROM THE AL
BUQUERQUE JAIL.
Made a Specialty of Burglarizing
Postoffiees and Attended to
Country Orders.
Postal Inspectors Mur.ro and F?rwln were
notified yesterday of the capture by In
spector Flint at Los Angreles of E. G. Col
lier, alias Charles K. HiUl, mail robber
and jail breaker.
Collier burglariously entered the Las
Vegas (N. Mex.) postoffice on June 4 of
this year and plundered the cashbox, be
sides taking the contents of several regis
tered letters and packages. Four days
late>r"ho repeated the crime In the post
office at Bel en, N. Mex., but was arrest^-d
a few days after and was confined in the
Jail at Albuquerque, On June 24 Collier
escaped from Jail and disappeared.
The discovery was made afterward that
the fugitive was headed West and he was
traced to San Francisco. On September 4
Inspectors Munro and Erwin of this city
received a dispatch from the Sheriff of
Albuquerque requesting them to keep a
lookout for Collior, as it was believed
that he was in this city awaiting a letter
and a remittance from a friend In New
Mexico. The inspector found that on Sep
tember 51 Collier had sent a boy to the
general delivery window for a letter for
his alias, "Charles E. Hall." while he
hlms»-lf remained on the sidewalk.
Inspectors Munro and Erwin traced the
fugitive to Los Angeles and a watch was
kept for him In that city. Yesterday he
resorted to the familiar trick of Bending
a boy to the general delivery window f<>r
his mail and he was at once plaxed under
arrest by Postal Inspector Flint.
The fellow is known as a desperate char
ai'tt-r. but he mado no resistance and was
locked up in the Los Angek-p Jail, where
he will be kept until removed to Albu
querque for trial.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Christy Ann McCollam and
George Hageman Filed.
Th will of Christy Ann McCollam, who
died September 11, has been filed for pro
bate. Decedent's estate exceeds $10,000 In
value. Following are the bequests: T«
Christy Ann McCollam, Mrs. Mary Eliza
beth Tasheira, Mrs. Jennie Hamilton Hun
yon and Mrs. Jennie Tyler Watt, her
daughters, the entire estate, share and
share alike, after the expenses of litiga
tion have been paid. George Tasheira of
Sausallto, decedent's son-in-law, is named
as executor, to serve without bonds.
The will of George Hagemao, who died
on th» Bth inst., leaving an estate valued
at $10,000, was also filed yesterday. The
entire estate Is devised to Emily J. F.
Hageman.
_■ » ■
MRS. LORING IS MISSING.
Application for the Appointment of
a Guardian Has Been Made.
Application was made yesterday for th<
appointment of a guardian for the estate
of Emma K. Loring, who left this citj
in July, 1897, ostensibly to visit New Yori
for business purposes, but from whom ne
word has bften received since November
l!^. The long absence and silence of Mrs
Loring has led her business manager
Robert O. Oakley, to believe that she ii
either mentally deranged, continuously jl
or dead. He asks that the court appoin
Emma M. Attenborough, the missinj
woman's daughter and sole heir, he:
guardian. Mrs. Attenborough, however
requests that the Oermanla Trust Com
pany bo appointed guardian of her moth
er's estate, which is valued at $20,000.
INTERNAL REVENUE REMOVAL.
Thomas Chandler, a Deputy Collec
tor, Experiences the Pleasure
of Rotation in Office.
The name of Thomas Ohadlor wa
dropped from the roll of the Internal Rev
nue office yesterday, the Collector usin (
the discretion reposed in him by the l'res
ident's proclamation. Mr. Chandler wa
a deputy In the office for many years am
pr-rfornied his duties honestly" and in
duFtriously. But, rotation in office ro
tatee, and Mr. Chandler takes his mcdl
cine with good grace.
. ♦ .
Massage — D. Sullivan, 215 Kearny streel
Hours. 4 to 5. •
THK RAN TVAS CISCO CALL, FKIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1899.
PRIMARY SCHOOL CHILDREN
AT THE MECHANICS' FAIR
TWO THOt'SAXr* pupils from the
Stanford, Btarr Kins 1 , Whlttler
and Winflold Scott primary
schools, with forty-five of their
teachers, were guests yesterday at the
Mechanics' Fair. They came in hun
dreds from all directions, many of
them hardly taking time to lunch bo
eag^r were they for a ramble in the
fairyland within the big Pavilion.
Long before 1 o'clock they were every
where, voicing their approbation of
the wonderful show by the various ex
hibitors.
The Filipinos and the "Injuns" came
Jn. of course, for the greater share of
the attention of the youngsters. Ap
preciating the fact that such would bo
the case, the management had put in
extra attractions at both buildings.
White Chief Patrick Whiskers Healy,
the honorary bookworm of the To-ki-a
Indians, was in charge of affairs at
the reservation of the Bffendocino
Aborigines, and he had arranged that
they should furnish something novel
as well as instructive. The three men
of the village were set to work mak
HAD TO STRIKE
FOR MEAT AND
FRESH BREAD
Nurses at French
Hospital Hungry.
— ♦ —
GIZZARD STEW FOR DINNER
— ♦
SUPERINTENDENT APPROVES OF
BURNED RICK
«
The nurses out at the French Hospital
•are hungry. On }londay they openly re
volted at dinner table and summoned
Superintendent Gardet to hear their just
grievances and inspect their meal of giz
zard stew and burned rice. The result of
this incipient strike was for from satis
factory, and the table of the famished at
tendants knew no meat course until yes
terday, when each nurse plate was graced
by a solitary thin chop.
None of the other departments at the
hospital find aught to complain of in their
allotted rations. The patients' table and
the internes' table are excellent, and as
for the table where Superintendent Gar
det stays his famishing spirits, that is
above reproach.
The nurses are at a loss to understand
why they alone should suffer. ' If It is an
economy proposition, they argue, It Is a
poor policy to expect good services from
hungry attendants. If it is • a sanitary
1 proposition,- they- declare they find no
i trace of it In the entire scope of materla
me/dica. Besides their limited food supply,
the French Hospital nurses find other
things to carp at. They are allowed but
i one hour for recreation, and that hour
, must be spent within the narrow confines
of their Individual apartments. They
are not permitted to go on the lawn and
' must not sit upon the benches. Above all
' things merriment is considered a serious
offense, and a nurse who laughs is re
; ported to the august superintendent.
"The whole trouble is, said a sweet
! faced, white-capped nurse yesterday,
"that the hospital committee consists for
the most part of narrow-minded men.
I Most of them -are saloon-keepers and
| laundrymen, and know absolutely nothing
I about a hospital. They deem to consider
I nurses a class apart, who are supposed to
I work at a very low salary and guaranteed
! to eat no more than a sparrow. Now we
have healthy California apetites, but
they do not seem to bo able to realize the
j fact."
"It's this way," chimed in another
' nurse, merry and plump. (She has been
; only two months in the hospital.) "The
committee mistakes quantity for quality.
i Every day there is an immense dish of
stew put upon our table, soupmeat
' warmed over with cabbage. There is
plenty of It, but it is not the kind of food
a nurse needs. Then there is another dish
: they are very fond of giving us here— a
i sort of ragout of brains and calf's head
1 and pig's feet. It may be very good. None
of us girls have had the courage to taste
! It." • ;
"There is no trouble in remembering
| our daily menu," said another of the
I twenty-eight underfed nurses. "It is the
! same every day. Soup l call it dish
water— soupmeat and cabbage stew and
I that horrible brain and head and plgsfeet
! mess. As for dessert, I have never known
( such a thing. Never a bit of fresh fruit,
I unless it is a few apples or peaches or
I pears bought for the patients but too
i green for their delicate palates."
About four months ago the nurses also
indulged in a strike, with one beneficial
result. The committee substituted fresh
bread for the stale crust that constituted
the regular breakfast ration. There was
also a demand made for more butter, but
without success. The allowance of butter
still remains the same— four tiny flat
squares for a table that provides for four
teen nurses.
Legallet and Gardet, according to the
ing Indian monoy. Chief Jeff Dick,
whose picture in oil, done by Grace
Hudson, adorns the art gallery, went
to work on the larger denominations,
while Chief Jim, who is also the medi
cine man of the Yo-Kl-as, and Cap
tain Johnny Pinto O'Doherty, who is a
sure enough Indian for all of the sur
name, took the job of getting out the
subsidiary coin.
During the entire afternoon. In spite
of the many counter attractions, the
coiners of Indian money held large
audiences spellbound. Jeff Dick's work
was done on a large flat stone, on
which he rubbed pieces of pinkish.
rock into cylindrical shapes. One of
these pieces, I>-fs than two inches long,
with a diameter of about three-quar
ters of an Inch, through which a hole
had been bored lengthwise by the use
nf a primitive drill, wan valued at $10,
coin of smaller denominations being
graded accordingly. By actual count
Jeff Dick made something like t*ft in
Yo-Kl-a money during the afternoon.
The less valuable coins were made
from clam shell, ground and polished
nurses, are the mc*t cordially detested of
all thf committeemen, and Berge*. Char
trey, Pabrlque and Reiss are declared by
the young women to have exerted theni
selvea In their favor and to be "very de
cent fellows."
Gardet. on the day the nurse* rose In
Indignation and summoned him to view
and taste the gizzard stew, approved of
thf dish and the burned rice accompani
ment, and declared that of all things he
had a decided taste for the rag-out of
! gizzard. As to Its staying and nourishing
I qualities he refused to commit himself.
There are twenty-eight nurses at the
French Hospital, all In the training school.
Mrs. Klnney Is In charge as head nurse
and Is generally admired as a nurse, a
trainer and a companion. The nurses
serve two yf-ars at the hospital. During
the first eight months they receive a sal
ary of $S a month. $12 for the second eight
months and $18 for the conclud
ing eight months. Of this schedule four >
montliß' salaries are deducted for special i
training and probationship, and according j
to the spirit of economy which rules the <
committee, these four months' deduction
come from the last term's payments.
A POPULAR EXCURSION.
A VISIT TO THE RUSSIAN RIVER
AND TJKIAH VALLEYS WITH
IN REACH OF ALL.
Every Passenger Guaranteed a Com
fortable Seat and Abundant
Time to Visit Favorite
Resorts.
The most delightful time of the year
to visit the country surrounding San
Francisco is during the month of Sep
tember. For few years in the past has
the country been, more delightful than
the present month. The California
Northwestern Railway, recognizing
this, is offering for the benefit of the j
public an excursion to Uklah on Sun
day, September 24. Special trains will
carry the passengers through Marln,
Santa Rosa, Russian River and Uklah
valleys.
The comparatively cool summer
which -we have had has delayed the
ripening of the grapes, so that thou
sands of acres of vines laden with
grapes can be seen from the car win
dows. The Russian River, always pic
turesque, will be skirted for nearly five
miles.
Every ticket sold will guarantee a
seat. The best cars the company has,
including the new ones lately pur
chased, will be used on this occasion.
The time of departure from Tiburon
ferry, San Francisco, will be 8:30 a. m.,
Sunday, September 24. The special
train will run through from Tiburon
without stops, and also on the return
leave TTkiah at 6 p. m. This will give
the passengers nearly five hours in
Ukiah to visit Vichy Springs, ranch
erms, asylum, fish hatchery of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway, and nu
merous other points of interest. The
fare for the round trip will be only
$2; children $1.
■ » ■
J(al£zfyidz£no
Is the- easiest tonic In the . world to take and
the most beneficial and lasting; In ltd results.
The .Anheuser-Busch Brewing Asa'n prepares
it. hence Its merit.
■ m «
In the Divorce Court.
Agnes C. Replton has been granted a
divorce from Robert J. Replton on the
ground of desertion. Leopold H. Greene
i has been gi anted a divorce from Grace
i Ivy Greene on the ground of desertion,
i Jennie A. I-.ee secured a decree of divorce
j from Erlck A. Lee on the ground of will
ful neglect. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Helen May Church against Joseph
M. Church, for desertion; Grace Clark
against Elmer Clark, for desertion; Eliz-
I abeth Johnston against Robert Johnston,
for failure to provide; A. E. Hulbert
against Anna Hulbert. for desertion; Ed
ward J. Rlley against Catherine Agnes
1 Riley, for cruelty.
by Pinto O'Doherty and drilled by
Chief Jim. These pieces of money
were shaped like small pearl buttons
and pass current twenty for a dollar.
Over at the Filipino village the
school children watched the latest ad
ditions to the white man's burden per
form considerably more work than
they have been accustomed to do in a
like given time on their native heath.
The water buffalo and the Filipino
chickens were sources of childish won
der. Upstairs the circus was crowded
and the youngsters were more than de
lighted.
All the afternoon the side shows
were crowded and everything in the
■way of frt'e samples, from coffee on
the half-shell to electric shocks, wa.s
partaken of by the primary young
sters. They filled up on popcorn and
Icecream, they listened to the band
and they went into ecstacies on the
fishes. They thoroughly enjoyed the
( ik-walk provided for their amuse
ment and had an all-round enjoyable
time. No happier crowd has ever been
within the four walls of the Pavilion
and none for which the displays had
such powers of attraction.
MUTINEERS IN
IRONS ON THE
JABEZ HOWES
The Mate Assaulted
by Four Sailors.
IT WAS A TROUBLOUS VOYAGE
THE LIGHTSHIP IS BADLY
NEEDED ON THE BAR.
The American ship Jabez Howes arrived
in port from Baltimore yesterday with
four of the crew in irons and the police
flag flying in the main rigging. The offi
cers and jntn have been at outs ever since
the ship left the East, and in consequence
there are charges and counter-charges.
The men say that as soon as they are
paid off they will have Captain Clapp and
Mate Rodgers arrested for "beating and
wounding on the high seas." The mate
retorts by saying that the men are a lot
of "green" hands and know more about
"back" talk than they do about reefing.
Several times they nearly mutinied and
last Tuesday they would have done so
had he not placed the ringleaders in irons,
The Jabez Howes made a good run here
from Baltimore and Captain Clapp was
very much pleased in consequence. The
vessel lias been sold to W. K. Mighell and
others of this city, and as booh as her
cargo of coal is discharged she will go
Into the coasting trade. On Tuesday last
the Jabez Howes was off the lightship,
but owing to the thick fog the captain
decided to stand off shore again. At 4
p m. the ship was off the North Faral
fones and then the trouble began. Male
Kodgera gave an order and Kmil Dorst,
one of the crew, refused to obey it. The
order was repeated and Durst made a
rush at the mate. A mix-up ensued and
Sam I'eeples, James Kelly and Hern Litz
went to Dorst's assistance. For a few
moments it looked as though there was
going to be a mutiny, but Captain Clapp
and the other officers, armed with pistols,
soon quelled the disturbance, and Dorst,
Peeples, Kelly and LJtz were placed in
As soon as the vessel came to an anchor
Sergeant Sieve Bunner and Officer W.
Ferguson of the Harbor police went
aboard and brought tho sailors ashore,
To-day they will be handed over to the
United States Marsha.l and will be charged
with mutiny.
There is great indignation among ship
ping men over the fact that the lightship
has been brought into port for repairs.
Captain Clapp of the Jabez Howes says
that had she been on her station he could
have made port yesterday. After making
the lißlitship ho stood out to sea on ac
count of the fog, and while he was off the
North Farallones the lightship slipped
her cable and came into port. Next day
Captain Clapp started to sail in and tried
to pick up the lightship again and failed.
Naturally he thought he had miscalcu
lated atid tried all day to make out his
position. Yesterday he learned the facts
of the case and came in.
September and October are the two
worst months in the yeur for fog and
shipping men say it is a shame to bring
the lightship in for three weeks at this
time. Captains of coasters can neither
pick up Point Reyes nor the Farallones
nine times out of ten during this kind of
weather, and in consequence when they
have run up their distance they keep a
bright lookout for the lightship, and when
they find her set their course for San
Francisco with all confidence. Now they
have no lightship to guide them, the sub
stitute being a can buoy on which is
painted "Lightship mooring." It was
suggested yesterday that during the prev
alence of the fog and while the lightship
is being repaired the tender Madrone be
anchored out there to guide ships into
P< Tho French bark President Thiers has
Hale's^ I
3000 short lengths
one of our $4.00 hats. 1 i||||K
fg\\ English sailor ■■ ■ ■ ■ ■
f v in black and , .
1 v 3! /C-vj white, a sim- ginghams
V pie, styllah hat W^h (TOOdS
l.ln fur felt; the Wd>ll
'■A 1 design is new; . flannelettes
•T go\t breast ef- . ,
fir feet stylish hat . sheetings
M in fur felt; the WaSO gOOUb
5 Aesien ls new: flannelettes
fT go\t brep.st ef-
fect on rim, sheetings
finished with _ , , , 1 : _, -
coll of black muslins
" velvet, pleated peFCaleS
„_ crepe rosettes 'toweling
on hair, price.. tOWeling
t v&99r r » 4 - » table damask
*£ h e STSU, T g e S *%. "S2SS white goods
and browns predominate, see window <=>
display. towels ana
▼ *-~ : " napkins
3 apPOn Specials remnants from all over the
blue and brown checked gingham domestic department on sale to-
SS h 4 n wtd P e r ; On for n fSS l^ma- day. big reductions from piece
teriai costs 15c each prices. extra values every-
nurses 1 white lawn aprons, large [ h ear ,
size 38 inches long, 42 inches wide, wnere. come cany.
5-inch hem a.t bottom, shoulder . .
straps trimmed with wide lawn neW tPimmingS
rnffl p 35c each ' - .^ ■
children : s"aprons-3 pretty styles, I just in. a spangled chiffon applique
of good quaHty lawn, round or | effect band trimming, in 1-mch wide
square yoke; lawn ruffle over shoul- , only oOc yard
der: trimmed narrow lace 12 flanndettCS
embroidery insertion; ages 3 to 12 flanneiCttCS
ears sOc each 100 pieces odd flannelettes, the
. • heavy, fleecy kind, in checks and
nOtlOnS stripes; not a full line of colorings,
ladies' side hose supporters, of and we want to close them out; the
fancy frilled elastic, button clasps; regular price is 10c a yard, but we
in blue, pink, orange, cardinal and make it be yard
black 1O« pair , , j
the "Lenox" corset steel, a cloth- \yiPe POOOS
covered, 5-hook steel, in black only sham holderB>ir>( .
"full 'round'pompadour combs, shell wire bowl sieve 5c
color and amber; extra good article wire potato masher 5c
or • 20c! wire soap dish ac
. *. 4 ; 4.
Manila Music. iS^^^^^ /m -r\^<fb^*st
Soldier's Dfe»m 25c /&/ JbS/^S^-.^' ' -^ that rlrm»<i
Sweetheart, in Brown M ' I^OOOnTiim^^^ inaiClOSes
and Blue 25c r.<M«-»>- at S(x
Beside the P«ig River 25c every day
Camp Dewey March. ..3sc 935 937 939, 941, 948, 945, 947
Filipino March 25c * . ■ .
Eighth Army C0rp..... 35c Market Street.
• A
been posted at I.loyds as missing. She
left here on December 22 for Liverpool
with a cargo of lumber In charge of Cap
tain Obalski. She carried a crew of twen
ty-seven men all told. As high as % per
cent was offered to reinsure vessel ana
cargo a couple of months ago.
Captain Rae of the Springbum and Cap
tain Snodden of thd Dynomene have sent
a very nice acknowledgment of the set of
resolutions passed about them by Alcatraz
Parlor, X. S. G. W. The gallant captains
marched in the Native Sons" parade at
Santa Cruz and one carried the American
and the other the bear flag. They write
to the parlor stating that the resolutions
have been framed and will serve to make,
Alcatraz Parlor known In every quarter
of the globe to which the Springburn and
Dynomene may salL
The transportation companies say that
nil who desire to leave Cape Nome before
winter sets in will have no difficulty in
doing so. Enough steamers are there or
on their way there to carry 3000 people,
and that would only leave 500 miners In
the\ gold fields. The Portland, Bertha.
Ilomor, Aloha and Albion are all on their
way to Anvil City from this port, and the
Cleveland, Roanoke. Z,akme. Elihu Thom
son and several others from the Sound.
All who want to leave will have no dim
culty. therefore. In getting transportation. :
THE GRAND JURY GETS
READY FOR REAL WORK
APPOINTS COMMITTEES AND
ADJOURNS.
Charges Against Gedge and Conlon
Will Be Taken Up Thursday-
Afternoon.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon, but did nothing more than to com
plete its organization by the appointment
of its working committees. Investiga
tion of the charges made against School
Directors Gedge and Oonlon was post
poned until the next meeting, which will
occur on Thursday of next week.
The committees appointed were as fol
lows:
Assessor. Auditor and Treasurer-J. P. Mc-
Murray (chairman). J. T. Sullivan and W. J.
Bryan.
Board of Education and Schools— J. F. Wul
zen (chairman), J. J. Ryan and J. P. Mc-
Murray.
Coroner, Morgue and Public Pound-P. Drey
demi (chairman), J. C. Wolf and B. Kahn
Courts (Superior, Justices 1 and Police)— B.
Kahn (chairman), W. Wright and J. O'l^ary.
County Clerk and Justtc-es 1 Clerks-J. C. V.o.t
(chairman). W. B. Gape and A. Ullenfeld.
Corporations, Water. Gas and Gas Inpprctor-
G. F. Gray (chairman). J. P. McMurray and
j ('. Wolf.
District Attorney, City and County Attorney
and 'state Offlcerß-J. T. Pulllvan (chairman),
p. preydemi and J. F. Wulzen.
Dives and Social Rvils--^. Wright (chalr
shal-A. Lllienffld (chairman), R. M. Hotallng
al GambMiiK 6^)luin Dens and Lotteries— J.
O-lSary .chairman). B. Kahn and W. S. Gage
Health Department. Almshous^, Hospital nnd
City I'livsktnn -W. A. Frederick (chairman),
j b'Lt-ary and W. Wright.
Mayor City Hall and Board of Supervisors—
W J. Bryan (chairman), W. A. Frederick and
j T. Sullivan.
Public Library and Magdalen Asylum— J. J.
Ryan (chairman). W. J. Bryan and P. Drey
d€ police Department, Police Patrol and City
Prison— W. J. Ruddlck (chairman), G. F. Gray
and R. M. Hotallng.
Recorder, Election Commissioner and Public
Administrator— A. Jacobs (chairman), W. J.
Ituddick and G. F. Gray.
Sheriff and County Jail— R. M. Hotallng
(chairman). J. F. W'ulzen and A. Jacobs.
Superintendent of Streets, County Surveyor
and Golden Gate Park-W. S. Gage (chairman),
J. F. Kennedy and W. A. Frederick.
Tax Collector and License Collector— J. F.
Kennedy (chairman), A. Llllenfeld and J. J.
Ryan.
MARRIAGE WAS DISCOVERED.
Louis Sauriau and Miss Fanny Clark
Wedded Quietly.
Louis Sauriau, a salesman In the "White
House, was married Saturday night to
Miss Fanny Clark at the home of Miss
Clark's sister. On Sunday Mrs. Sauriau
left for Chico, where she was to remain
for some little time until Louis Sauriau
had the courage to acknowledge to his
friends that he had taken the serious step
into the realms of matrimony.
Both the bride and groom are well
known in San Francisco, and their friends
have been awaiting this matrimonial ad
venture for some time. In order to avoid
the raillery of their friends the young
couple were married very quietly Satur
day night. The news leaked out and yes
terday Mr. Sauriau was busy receiving
congratulations from his very many
friends.
» ♦ . ■
POS TAGE ON SUN DAY CALL
I SUNDA V CALL wrapped ready | \
ft for mailing — postage 2 c to all \)\\
» points in United States, Canada ||
8 and Mexico, and 4c to all for- !Jj
s> eign points.
MAIN'S BIG CIRCUS
WILL PARADE TO-NIGHT
i A Brilliantly Illuminated Pageant to
Pass Through the Streets of
This City.
The shrill scream of the calliope and
the blare of brass instruments will fill the
; air to-night and notify the residents of
j this city that the circus has come to town.
j "Walter L. Main's splendid aggregation of
! athletes of both sexes, trick animals and
i mammoth menagerie will parade through
i the principal streets for the edification of
the youngsters and their parents.
There is no doubt that the spectacle will
be a brilliant one. The participants -will
be attired in their gaudy costumes and the
horses will be covered with their costly
trappings. Many of the cages containing
ferocious beasts will be open to the gaze
of those along the line of march. The
down and his little mule will form an
amusing feature of the procession and
many special features are promised by the
management.
The brilliantly illuminated pageant wll!
leave the show grounds at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets promptly at 7 o'clock, and
wend its way along Sixteenth street to
Valencia, thence to Market, down that
thoroughfare to Montgomery, along that
street to Washington, thence to Kearny,
to Post, up that street to Stockton, down
Stockton to Market, thence to Fifth,
down that thoroughfare to Folsom and out
the boulevard to Sixteenth and Folsom.
The initial performance will be given to
morrow afternoon, beginning at 8 o'clock.
It will continue for nine days, saving a per
formance at 2 o'clock in the afternoon and
one in the evening.
■ ♦ ■
Ochoa Adjudged Guilty.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 21.— Francisco
Ochoa, who foully murdered Maria Ber
rar on the morning of May 23, was found
jfuilty to-day of murder in the first de
gree without recommendation. The jury
was out three hours.
■ m • ■
For a run to Vichy Springs take the
Ukiah excursion Sunday, September 24.
Round trip to Uklah $2. Leave Tiburon
ferry at S:3O a. m. *
! GET A |
STYLISH SUIT|
' The suits we make are |
all stylish and up-to-date. :
A nice suit costs you no *K$L :
more than a poor one; lnnF ■
In fact, we make the best •LuSf •
5 suits in the city, and for •£4i !
: 25 per cent less than oth- Bk "
j ALL-WOOL $|£y5O l|liHB»B§l' 1
j ALL-WOOL $«SO |^H \
\ PA^TS - "T" — QGfj&KSs&ri !
SLs^^- JHH'i
IUO-lli: Market /' Isf IM" " 5
St.. San Francisco. / I*o |h . !
201-20.-{ Montgomery / ■[1 5
St. San Francisco. / 1 '
1011 Washington St.. ' _JrPiT *f J •
I 143 South Spring St.. 5
• Los Angeles. •
Steins
or Beer Mugs.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
"When You See Prices*
Great American Importing; Tea Co.
Stores where,
xoo Stores*
r - R.L. Walsh,
/aß^«&^*i4»J^ .m * GEARY ST. bet
[WuS&^ttiirfS^ Hyde and Larkin "
P§? ~^^^o^^f Painless Extraction..
[[>, „ „ JTiaK Crowns ...'.".'".'".'*2.(M»
fi T«J=J^-**^ Flesh-colored Plates.
XAUUaA-r
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 16
years' experience. •
lA/. X. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATIOBNBT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bid*.
Telephone Brown HI. '-
Residence. 821 California at., below PowelL
San Francisco.