— i
GIVEN AWAY...
With each cash WANT ADVERTISEMENT or-
dered in NEXT SUNDAYS CALL a MAGNIFI-
CENT PORTRAIT OF ADVIRAL DEWEY,
printed in ten colors, S'ze Hx2l inches,
ready for framing.
VOLUME LXXXVI->"O. 41.
LIVES LOST IN A TRAIN WRECK DUE TO
GROSS CARELESSNESS
TWO KILLED;
THIRTEEN
INJURED
Crowded Special Runs Into
a Construction Train
at Newman.
SLEEPER TELESCOPED
Passengers on the Way to the Edu
cational Convention Viotims
of the Disaster.
Special r>iapatrh to Th« Call.
There seems to be even less
than the usual excuse for the dis
astrous tram wreck on the South- i
crn Pacific on Monday morning.
A special, carrying delegates io
the meeting of the National Edu
cational Association, sent out by i
the Burlington rjad, but having i
the right of way, crashed into a
freight train on the main line at a
regular station — a train which by
all the rules of railroading, and
apparently by its orders, should
.have been safe on a siding ten
m.les away. This was a gross
blunder, in giving or in receiving
orders.
Worse even than this, in making
up the special the Southern Pacific
opera: ing department violated the
oldest rule of railroading by put
ting a light tourist sleeper next
to the engine without the custom- j
ary protection of a baggage car
to shield the sleeper in case of
just such an accident as this.
When the collision came, death to
some of those in the sleeper was
inevitable. The tender of the
locomotive, with the force of the
whole momentum of the moving
tram, was driven back through the
tourist car. It is little short of
marvelous that there were no
more latahties.
"I TEWMAN*, July 10.— Two women
\ passengers were killed and thir-
N* teen others were injured in a
papstn^r? were killed and thir
teen others were injured in a
* collision at 2:33 o'clock this
morning on tho Southern Pa
cific main track within 300 yards
of the railway station at this point.
A special, made up of an engine and
• : eight tourist coaehep, carrying dele
gates to the National Educatioi Con
vantion at Los Angeles, running at
forty miles an hour, struck the rear end
of a combination train, which had
•ibeen brought to a standstill at the a
r'ter tank. The express shed through
1a baggage and day coach on the train
ahead, smashing these to splinters, and
Betting the wreck on fire. The same
impact telescoped the tender into the
first sleeper of the special, bringing it
up with a jerk that threw every occu
pant out who had not been jammed in
a berth by the crashing of the timbers.
Twenty-two passengers were sound
\ asleep in the telescoped car, and twen-
I of these miraculously escaped twen
ty of th-:?e miraculously escaped with
HOW THE TOURIST CAR WAS TELESCOPED
Kroai a Photograph Taken for The Call on the Scene.
The San Francisco Call.
THE TRAINS IN THE CRASH OF DEATH.
their lives and a few injuries. Two of ]
them, Mrs. Thomas and Miss Harris, ;
who were in the end berth next to the
tender, were killed outright. Mrs.
Thomas' neck was broken, and Miss
Harris, who faint*-! from the shock,
was asphyxiated from th-- smoke which
; up in volumes from the burning
v\ reck.
Suddenly roused out of their sleep,
thf lights all extinguished and water
pouring in on them from holes in the
tender, the surviving passengers, some
of them pinned sei urely in their berths,
in a frightful state of panic. The
tirst thought of many was tliKi they
plunged through a bridge and
rapidly sinking into the wal
an unknown river. They screamed for
help, until the few that found their
senses struck matches and lit up the
wreck. Then i ound 1 hai they
had stopp •; and ■ ' immedi
and all regained their full
s and set 1" work to extricate
themselves and render what assistance
th«y could to others.
By this time the wreck, surrounded
by the passengers of the other coaches,
who had merely been badly shaken up,
i roaring furnace. The splinters
and twisted iron of the two coaches on
the combination train were blazing
fiercely. The flames were licking up
the woodwork in the engine and mo
mentarily threatening to fasten on the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
telescoped Bleeper, in which it was sup-;
posed any number of killed were piled
up.
The illumination in the sky brought
out tht- volunteer Fire Department of :
Newman and the men battled bravely,
assisted by the train hands and fully j
recovered passengers, against the on- j
cominy flames.
A new alarm was added by the dis- '
covery that a tank car on a sidetrack >
within a few feet of the blazing wreck
was full of oil and would probably ex
plode at any minute.
The scantily clad passengers who .
had been rescued or made their way j
out of the telescoped Bleeper were so
terrified at the possibility of such an I
occurrence that they scampered, hat l
]>-hk. coatless and barefooted, many of
them, as far away as they could pet :
from Their ill luck.
A call of the mil >>f the occupants <>f
I the car made at this time showed that
half a dozen were not accounted for,
and the rescuers went to work to pet
them out. fully convinced that four or
five dead bodies would be found. Faint
cries from the sleeper gave indications
that one or two of the missing might
be saved.
Axes were used on the top of the
sleeper nearest the tender and the
searchers came upon Miss White,
daughter of Mrs. Lena Thomas, and
Miss May Oliver, both of whom were
wedged in between the tender and the f
roof of their car. Th< y were extricated j
without much difficulty. Miss Edna
Thomas was cut nut of another berth
with a saw.
In lower 13 and 14 the rescuers r-ame
upon the bodies of Mrs. Thomas and j
Miss Harris, a young teacher, dead.
but not held by any of the crushed
timbers. They were taken out and sent |
tip the undertaking parlors of .Charles
Schank. An examination of Mrs. '
Thomas showed that her neck had been
broken by the end of the tender being
forced Into the berth. Miss Harris, it
is believed, died of fright or by smoke :
asphyxiation. Her face was lacerated j
but not seriously. She was 30 years of
age and Mrs. Thomas about .". The in
jured people were taken to the Russ
House, where they were cared for by
the railroad's surgeons; T>r. Armistead
and I" - . I >owle and Stratton.
While all 6f the unfortunates com- j
plained of various pains and aches. the
physicians state they could not find any
very serious Injuries, bruises, ]•■■
tions and sprains being the majority of
the ailments.
It was daylight before the flames
were extinguished and not till they had
devoured two cars and all the wood
work on the engine.
Of the accident but one story is told
here. The special was coming up the
valley at the rate of forty miles an
hour. Opposite the station on the main
track stood the combination freight
train, its engine at the water tank.
Only six minutes had elapsed since it
had stopped. The station signal light
showed the white, which means "clear
track." The engineer <>f the special
gave the customary two long and two
short blasts of the whistle, and seeing
the white light kept right on. Sudden
ly he epied the stationary train, the air
brakes were applied, the lever was re
versed, but the speed was so great that
nothing could stop the special and a
crash followed.
The special's engine ploughed half
way through the freight train's last car
and the force behind lifted the engine
and hurled it over on its side.
Engineer R. B. Allen and Fireman
W. P. Creigh at this moment jumped
from their stations and wore uninjured.
T'le condition of the station lights is
en using mm h comment. Several of
those who were out at the time of Wi*
collision state that when the freight '
train pulled in it was given the white j
light on the main track to indicate that
everything was clear on these rails.
When the special's whistle for sig
nals was heard a glance In the direc
tion of the station showed that the !
white light for an open and clear track |
still shone brightly, and Watchman J.
H. Madden remarked:
"'I knew that those two trains were j
going to get mixed up and somebody
get hurt."
Station Master Edgar Hartwell was
questioned as to the condition of these
signal lights, but ho declined to discuss
the accident or any of Its feature*. He
' said:
"The station signals were out correct,
and if there is any blame it lies with
those In charge of the trains. My re
port will be made to my superiors and
to no one else."
He declined to even state whether or j
not the red light should have been dis
played with a freight train on the main
track and a through special due at any
moment.
If the story told by Ben Livingston, j
a plumber, and Frank Homer, be true, I
some one disobeyed or failed to under
stand orders. Both reached the wreck
soon after the crash, and near the over
turned engine one found a paper, the
order to the engineer of the excursion
train. In substance it was an instruc
tion for him to pass the freight train
at Inpomar, eight or nine miles ahead,
the freight train being instructed to.go
upon a siding so as to let the special
pass. The same order, so the men say,
mentioned other trains to be passed
during the night and where they would
turn out t" let the excursion train
go by.
Railroad men subsequently got hold
of the engineer's orders.
One of the most remarkable escapes
from death among the many was that
of Calvin Bullock, the porter. He
I went to the front platform for a
breath of fresh air and was obliged to
grasp the railing when the air brakes
were put on. The shock of the first
impact threw " < porter clear off the
cars and high into the air. He landed
all in a heap just outside of the danger
line and sustained only a few sprains
and bruises.
The Coroner came from Modesto and
had the bodies of the victims viewed by
a jury. The inquest will be held on
Moi day at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
The Injured left for San Francisco.
THRILLING STORES
TOLD BY SURVIVORS
A wake red Suddenly, They Thought
The r Tram Had Fa/ en
Through a Br dge.
Nineteen of the survivors of the South
ern Pacific smash-up at Newman. Stan-
County, arrived in the city last
night at 8;45 o'clock in care of an agent
of the company. Drs. Lame and Armsiead
of Newman accompanied them. They were
taken to the Grand Hotel, and for an
hour, while they were being registered,
the hotel office was crowded with them
Belvea and their belongings.
It did not take the knowledge that tho
part} had been wrecked to make it plain
that" its members had been through a
terrible experience. Not one of them that
did not look tired and worn out, the ladies
particularly showing the effects of their
thrilling night experience. None of them
were badly Injured, but all were more
or less bruised and suffered from
shock. One or two of the ladies were
swathed In bandages and all were cov
ered with the marks of travel. Several
I ladies, who bad lost part of their cloth
CIV EN AWAY...
With each cash WANT ADVERTISEMENT or-
dered in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL a MAGNIFI-
CENT PORTRAIT OF ADMIRAL DEWEY.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
j ing in the smash-up, had been kindly sup
■ plied with coats by the more fortunate.
male members of the party and they cut
j a rather rakish appearance in the gar
ments of masculinity, which, in s<
cases, were too large for their wearers.
j The baggage, of which there was a largo
quantity laid out on the office
; bore plenty of testimony to the force of
the collision and the flood of water that
had been poured in- upon the still Bleeping
passengers after the coming together of
the trains.
The survivors, with Mr.«. Thomas and
Miss Harris, who were killed, and Mrs.
F. A. Abbott, who remained behind, made
i up the twenty-two occupants of the Orst
[ car of the special, which was telescop< d
!by the force of the collision. Their
! names an : Edwin M. Luckey, Miss Par
! pellf. Miss Calvert, Mips Annie English,
Miss Edna English, Mrs. Adams, Miss
May Oliver, Miss Florence Jessup, Miss
Sadie Jessup, Miss Rosenberg, St. Louis,
Mo.; Mrs. Morehouse, Battle Creek, Mich:
E*orter C. Atwood, Katherine E. Atwood,
Sarah E. Evans, Philadelphia: Julia O.
L. Morse, Winthrop, Mass.; Maria Wa
dell, Cora C. Harlow, Boston, Mass; Miss
Wehmiller. St. Louis; Miss White, New
j York; Mrs. Abbott, Richard A. Bolt, Miss
i Sallie Smith. St. Louis; Miss Sadie Shnf
i ter. Miss Bertha Baker. Hampton, Iowa;
Miss Ida Bartlemay, Buffington, Ind.
The injured among this party, none of
them seriously, are: Miss Edna English,
| who has a bad gash on her forehead; Miss
Oliver, Mrs. Morehouse, Miss White.
daughter of Mrs. Thomas, and Robert B.
Mills, a banker of Lake Preston. S. P.,
' who joined the 111 fated special at Salt
Lake City. All of them told the same
story of the wreck, that threw them out
j or jammed them In their berths, extin-
I guished the lights in the cars and flooded
| the floors with water from the tender.
; They were al! occupants of berths on the
first car of the nine that made up the
special. Which had not the usual baggage
car buffer between it and the engine. The
officials of the Southern Pacific Company
profess to believe that the absence of this
baggage car made no difference as to the
results of the wreck, but they will have a
hard time convincing the passengers of
' that fact. They believe firmly, and it
: seems to stand to reason, that had there
' been a baggage car between the first
j coach and the engine Mrs. Thomas and
Miss Harris would not have been killed.
Mrs. Thomas occupied the berth num
bered lower 14 on the first coach. In up
per 14 was her daughter. Miss White. In
lower 13, just opposite, were Miss Addie
Harris and Miss Oliver. The berth above
them was unoccupied. These berths were
' in the front end of the car, next to the
locomotive tender, and how any of the
occupants escaped with their lives is little
| short of a miracle. The neck of Mrs.
Thomas was broken and her death must
have been instantaneous. Miss Harris'
i body when taken out ''f the wreck showed
i no wounds, and it was supposed for, a
! time in the excitement that she had died
of the shock. The other occupants of the
car are positive now that she was asphyx
iated from the smoke that rolled into the
J car from the burning coaches and engine
j ahead. Her features were badly distorted
and it is certain that she must have died
an awful and a lingering death.
The escape of Miss "White and Miss
Oliver is nothing short of wonderful and
cannot be accounted for. As it was. Miss
White was unable to extricate herself
when help arrived and the lights were lit,
and It was necessary to use axes to set
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE DEAD.
MRS. LENA THOMAS, Se-
neca Falls, N. Y.
MISS ADDIE HARRIS,
principal of the Madison
School, St. Louis, Mo.
THE INJURED (none of
them seriously) are :
MISS MAY OLIVER, 2232 Vir-
ginia avenue. St. Louis, Mo.,
back and ankle sprained.
MISS EDNA ENGLISH. 5285
Washington avenue, St. Louis,
head cut.
MRS. CLARA MOREHOUSE,
211 I'pton avenue, Battle Creek,
Mich., badly bruised.
ROBERT B. MILLS, Lake
Preston, South Dakota, head
slightly bruised.
MISS ELIZABETH WHITE,
Seneca Falls, slightly bruised.
MISS SALLJE R. SMITH,
3594 West Pine street, St. Louis,
bruises.
MISS GERTRUDE ROSE-
BERG, 1119 Rutger street, St.
Louis, suffering- from shock.
MTSS LUELLA A. WEIT-
MILLER, 383 Kosciusko street.
St. Louis, shock.
EDWIN D. LUCKEY, 1332
Union ' boulevard, St. Louis,
bruised and hands cut.
MISS F. W. MORSE. Phila-
delphia, slightly bruised.
CALVIN BULLOCK, car por-
ter, St. Louis, bruises.
S. E. ATTWOOD. Phila-
delphia, slightly cut.
MRS. WORDWELL, suffering
from shock.
her ~>ut. Beyond the awful shock and the
effect of the knowledge that her mother
was among the killed, Miss White was
none the worse for the few brtiises she
had sustained. Miss Oliver, who was
thrown out of her berth, got a badly
sprained a.nkl<\ Mips Edna English was
cut in the forehead.
All stories of the survivors agree that,
after the first confusion following the
crash and the extinguishing of the lights,
there was. not the slightest panic in the
coach. The men behaved like heroes and
th<-> ladies were self-possessed and helpful.
They ;Ui got into what clothing they could
find In the darkness, intensified by the
striking of matches, and sloshed around
in the water and out on the earth as
quickly as possible, the blaze from the
fiercely burning cars of the freight train
showing them the awfulness of the death
they had s<> narrowly and, for most of
them, so cheaply escaped.
The passengers of the wrecked sleeper,
who imagined a moment before that they
had crashed through a bridge and were
about to be drowned in the waters of a
river, received a second shock hefore they
hardly had time to feel themselves on the
solid earth. The Fire Department of
Newman, with the help of the. oc
cupants of the other coaches of the spe
cial, was busily engaged in stopping the
progress of the flames in the wreck, when
the alarm was passed around that an
"il tank on a fiatcar on another track
within a few feet of the burning locomo
tive was full of coal oil and was likely
to explode at any moment. With one ae
e.ird the scantily clad passengers ran na
far as they could to some place where
iheir lives would be sate, if only for a
moment till they could catch their
breath. Agents and physicians of the
railroad arrived on the scene in a short
time and soon were busy caring for the
passengers until the wrecking train
should arrive. The survivors of the
wrecked coach were taken to the Russ
House at Newman, where physicians
made a hasty examination of their inju
ries, while others assisted the firemen to
cut out from the wreckage the bodies of.
Mrs. Thomas and Miss Harris.
When the wrecking train arrived from
Oakland, another train was made up for
the city and the passengers were given
the option of coming here and being sent
to Los Angeles or going on the eight un
injured cars of the ill-fated special. All
MISS ELIZABETH WHITE.
The young 1 school teacher whn was
cut out of the upper berth in
the tourist sleeper. T"wo women
in the berth below her were
killed.2
GRAND DUKE GEORGE
OF RUSSIA IS DEAD
GRAND DUKE MICHAEL.
The Czar's Brother, Who Is Heir Apparent to the Throne of Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, July It).- The Grand Duke George, brother of the Czar. !s
The heir-apparent died al the imperial palace in the Caucasus,
where he had r his health. An official dispatch from Ab
that the Grand Duke died of a violent
and sudden hemorrhage of the throat.
The Grand Duke Georgi I ■ ■■- born April 17. 1871. He had been in ill
health for a numl -■ from consumption.
LONDON, July lit. —The Czar's brother. Grand Duke Michael of Russia, now
heir-apparent, is in London. He accompanied the Prince of Wales to the volun
teer review on the Horse Guards' parade on Saturday.
It is understood the Czar will shortly issue a ukase ordaining that in the
event of a minor - to the throne his brother. Grand Duke Michael, is
to act a.= Regent.
:he living occupants of the Bret car. with
the ( xception of Mr- Abb tt, «
elded to go to Los Angeh s at
Boarded the second special and were
whirled In this direction. At Tracy
- : another wreck and sir
C the victssit ud< s of rail
road travel on t! - I ': i Pacific.
It is the intention of the company to
forward to-day to Los Angeles such of
•he members of the party as wif
mend the convention. A few others, who i
-nY.- had enough • x;.' ri< nc< to last them
i lifetime, have expressed a desire to re
turn at once v> their horn
At the Southern Pacific offices In this
;ity information of the wreck was mea
per. In the absence of reports, it was
stated that somebody must have blun- I
lered, the impression being thai the engi
t' the special v The fact
:hat he jumped just before the crash dis
this.
Miss Elizabeth White was in the same]
section wilt; h< r mother, who was killed, i
In discussing her horrible experience Miss
White, who is ■ upset by the
:ragic death of her mother, said:
••'ihe number of our section was four-;
teen. 1 remember but littie of the un
tortun rence, as the shock dazed
me considerably. 1 was instantly sur
rounded by the falling debris and was
unable to move. The next I knew they '
were sawing the roof, which had fallen,
in orci.-r to get me out. They pried away
woodwork and after a time l
teemed ages, but which was not over
fifteen minutes, I was assisted oui of the
;ar. 1 must have been the last one out,
as I cculd not find any of my friends
around until 1 was taken to the Kud.?
(louse.
"My watch stopped at exactly thirtv
?ight minutes past 32, so the crash evi
dently came at that moment. The roof
fell in all around mo. but strange to re
late 1 was practically uninjured. My
poor mother, who was beneath me, was
- ■ fortunate, for she died from con
cussion of the brain, they say, though I
believe the shock must have killed her.
"It so. Ms a pity that th< re was no bagr-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A more pitiful sight than a mother and
her child, both captives and shackled in a
dungeon, could not well be imagined.
There are thousands of .mothers and their
babes who lie shackled by disease in the
dungeon of death.
Without knowing it. or having the faint-
est comprehension of it, the fault lies with
the mother. Too many women enter upon
the responsibilities of wifchood and moth-
erhood while suffering from weakness and
disease of the delicate and important or-
gans that make wifehood and motherhood
possible. A woman who suffers in this v,\iy
cannot be a capable wife and a competent
mother. Before entering upon the duties
and responsibilities of these positions, she
slr.ould see to it that her health, both gen-
eral and local, is thoroughly restored. Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription is the best
of all medicines for this purpose. It acts
directly on the sensitive organs concerned,
making them strong, healthy and vigorous.
It promotes regularity of the functions,
allays irritation and inflammation, heals
ulceration, checks unnatural and exhaust-
ing drains and soothes pain. It tones and
builds up the shattered nerves. It ttirns
the dangers and pains of maternity into
safety and ease. It is a medicine that is
intended for this one purpose only and is
good for no other. Dealers sell it and no
honest dealer will suggest a substitute.
"'Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription did me so
much good that to-day I am well again and
stronger than I have "been for years." writes
Mrs. Alex. Lockie. of Wise. Isabella Co. Mich.
"I have a baby one year old and as fat and
heaithv as one could wish to see. I took two
bottk-s of 'Favorite Prescription.' J keen Dr.
Inerce's Pleasant Pellet! in the house all the
uoe. My family take uo other kind oJ pills."
Lr 1 ■ • w. en the tender and our car,
as the results of the collision might have
— terrihlo.
"I will leave for our home in Sen?ca
Falls, N. V.. to-day, and will take my
mother's body, which is now being era
i i-i Newman, back with ni". It ia
a sad ending of what promised to :■ ■ an
able trip.'"
Miss May Oliver, who lay by the ride
of Miss Harris, who was killed, sustained
Injuries to her back and a sprained ankle.
She was in the most dangerous part and
sh.- regards her escape as miraculous.
"The first knowledge I had of the acci
dent." said Miss Oliver, "was when I ;viia
awakened from a deep sleep by a f<
crashing as of tr< c : I Ing In the forest.
I immediately discovered that the lower
part of my body was pinioned down by
the heavy debris which had fallen. 1 must
have been thrown several feet back, for
the tender took possession of the front
part of the car and Miss Harris and Mrs.
Thomas w.ere killed because they wore
caught on the spot in their sleeping posi
tion. I commenced to call for the porrer,
saying: 'Help me, 1 am .lying.'
"He rushed to me and said:
" '1 will, God bless you.'
"In the meanwhile 1 had released one of
my feet. By tnat time everything ap
peared to be ablaze and the water which
poured in from the tanks was four inches
high at one end. I did not realize thai
my foot was hurt, and after the porter
releas.-d mt- 1 walked out of the back end
of the car. 1 was one nf the first |
out of the car. I think. Miss Harris who
was with mn. was not thrown oui of the
berth, but was killed where she lay. There
was nobody in the upper berth, which was
not made up.
"I will rest here for a day or two and
WITHIN THE WRECKED CAR.
The lii.-iurnni herewith shows the position of the occupants of the
wrecked tourist sleeper in their berths, with reference to the engine
drawing the nnecinl teachers' train i
ENGINE AND TENDER.
I'pper
I pper—
VNOCt IPIED.
Lower —
MISS WHITE.
13 — Sections — 14
Lower—
MISS OLIVER.
MRS. LENA THOMAS.
MISS HARRIS.
I PPer —
E. LI C KEY.
I'pper—
R. BOLT.
11 — Sections — 12
MISSES JESSIP.
Lower
Lower—
MISS WEITMILLER.
MISSES ENGLISH.
MISS ROSENBERG.
Vpper —
Upper —
MRS. ABBOTT.
0 — Section* — 10
MISS SMITH.
Lower—
Lower—
MISS PARCEL!,.
MISS (U,VF,RT.
Upper —
I pper —
<;. \V. HUGHES.
MISS BREWAX.
7 — Sections — 8
MISS REGAN.
Lower—
Loner—
?._.■;■
MRS. AM) MISS ADAMS.
MRS. MOREHOISE.
Ipper —
Upper—
1\O((ITIED.
MISS nARTELMY.
Lower—
5— Sections — 0
Lower—
MISS SHAFFER.
BARDEE MILLS.
MISS BARKER.
Ipper —
MISS EVANS.
Upper —
MISS HARLOW.
Ijorrer—
3 — Sections— 4
Lower—
MRS. WARDH'ELL.
MISS MORRIS.
Ipper —
Vpper —
I>O(ft;PIED.
■:-•
L. P. WALDRIOGE.
Lower
1 — Sections — 2
Lower —
P. C. ATWOOD.
miss wa;
MRS. P. C. ATWOOD.
; .. ... • ■•- ....
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
DUKE ABRUZZI
AT ARCHANGEL
Ready for the Start to
Polar Regions.
Special Cable to The C^ll and fip New Fork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1839, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ARCHANGEL, Russia, July 10.—Un
wonted animation prevails in Archangel I
on account of the simultaneous presence |
of two Princes— Grand Puke Vladimir and
the Duke of Abruzzi. Grand Duke Vladi
mir, accompanied by General Vasmount
and Captain Bilaeff, has just opened at
Ekaterininsk a now port, to which great
Importance is attached, for maintaining
the fleet and mobilizable during winter. j
It is also of great commercial importance
as a depot for the hide trade with Siberia.
It is situated at the extreme north of the i
Russian possessions, where by a strange j
freak of nature the gulf stream keeps the i
water open during the winter, while the j
more southern ports remain closed by ice. j
Grand Duke Vladimir arrived at £>
o'clock in the morning on the steamer
Nicholas 1. -and had a magnificent recep
tion. The weather was fine. On the Qua!
Duvina were all the high officials—Engle
hart. the Governor: Prince Gortschakoff,
Vice Governor; Hoevelaken, Mayor; Kril-
Itschevsky, Hilde, Marquis de Beauvo'?',
Comte de Gregueil and the whole of the
consular body, besides a great assemblage.
of -people, including mayors from the ut
termost ends of the province, which is
larger than France and England together.
There were maneuvers in the country
outside of town. The garrison was re
viewed by the Grand Duke, who com-'
manded with a most martial air. Th» j
troops had meals served to them in camp. i
The other Prince, the Duke of Abruzzi, '
attended service this morning at the
Catholic church to Implore divine protec- i
tion on his expedition to the pole. .The |
Norwegian crew and Italian Alpine i
guides, mostly manly looking figures, |
were present, and created much interest
before facing their rough campaign in j
the polar solitude.". The congregation in
cluded Count Oldofredei and M. Rignon,
who were sent specially to Archangel by ,
the Queen of Italy, and Colonel Nasallt
Rocca. . ■•: . ■
The Duke's ship, the Stella Polare, of
the type of the Norwegian three-master. ',
Is painted brown, and will be ready to ;
sail to-morrow. She carries provisions for ] .
several years and is loaded with cases of ;
cod. fur garments of Eskimo pattern, ; ,
material for balloons, which are intended > i
to lighten the burden of transport, and '
many sleighs.
There are besides 140 Siberian dogs. ; !
which live exclusively on fish. They have ;
been chosen from the best breeding ken- ;
nels in the government of Tobolsk, and
cost OOuO rubles.
One mouse gray dog, which was pre- ■
sented by Dr. Nansen and was born on
board the Fram, is looked upon as a mas- '
cot. The Prince expects to land a part of I
his provisions in three weeks' time at |
Cape Flora, and then to reconnoiter |
northwest to Franz Josef Land, which
has not yet been explored. He hopes to
meet the" "Wellman expedition, which has
been on the Ice without ship for more
than a year, and he will perhaps try to
reach the pole.
The arrangement of the Prince's cabin
is practical. There is no porthole, and on
account of the small space everything is
devoted to science. A contract was made j
in Paris while the Duke was in Rome, !
two years ago, for the manufacture of ;
special instruments of precision in Paris. •
London and Vienna. The Prince himself
has made preparations for ascending the j
highest point in Alaska. Each sleigh will
have two chronometers, in order to. be j
able always to keep the same sidereal po- j
sition during the winter in spite of the
drifting ice. and to Insure a final meeting.
Groups of people gathered round the
Ship, Which was dressed with flags, and
even here at the customary advance post
of those starting on polar expeditions !
there was much excitement at the bold !
attempt and courageous self-abnegation «
of this charming son of the house of i
Savoy. ' I
!
will attend the convention. Miss Rosen
berg, whose limb was slightly Injured, and
Miss Weitmlller, who was not hurt, will
return to their homes, a< the shock has
well nigh prostrated them."
Edwin D. Luckey, who was on the in
side of upper eleven with Richard Bolt,
became momentarily unconscious after
hearing the crash, but recovered imme
diately.
"I was held down by the falling tim
bers," he said last night, "but 1 pot loos<
after a little effort and found that my
hand was hurt. As .soon as 1 was tree I
set about to help four or five of the ladles
In the car. With Mr. Bolt's help I grot out
the Misses English in lower 12 and the
two Jessup girls in upper 12. Tt took quite
a -while to extricate Miss Edna English,
who was cut across the head. She was
held (i'jwn by the framework of the berth
and we tried to break the wrought-iron
chain which holds it up. The engineer
handed me a saw, with which I severed
the chain. There was no panic and in
twenty minutes the car was emptied of its
passengers."
Mr. Luckey is principal of the Elleard
MONACO REFUSES TO
FIGHT COSTELLANE
The PriQce Declares That Aqqo
Gould's Husband Is a Bogus
Count.
NEW YORK, July 10— A Journal rable from Paris says: The Prince
of Monaco has declined to fight a duel with Count Bonl de Oastellane on
account of the Dreyfus case. In his reply to Castellane's challenge, the
Prince of Monaco openly gives as his reason for the declination the fact
that Castellane Is beneath his station. He says that he has reason to
believe that Castellane has assumed the title of Count when he is not
entitled to it. Monaco says that under the circumstances the challenge
from Castellane is an Impertinence, and is not entitled to notice.
The challenge grew out of the active sympathy for Dreyfus and Mm**.
Dreyfus on the part of the Prince of Monaco, which greatly incensed
Castellane. After Monaco had writfpn Mme. Dreyfus and invited her
husband to visit his palace, the royalist husband of Anna Gould openly
insulted the Prince.
The Sleeks one of the leading Dreyfus organs, has taken the matter
up, and is conducting a severe personal campaign against the Count,
whom it accuses of being a bogus count. It has announced its intention
of soon publishing a biography of Jay Gould, the father of the Countess.
ROYALISTS MIXED UP
IN THE DREYFUS CASE.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS. July 10.— M. Andre Buffet, a representative of the Due d'Or
leans' political bureau, was interviewed by the Figaro in regard to the report
which the prefect of police presented to the Government on the Orleanist
party, and which La Gazette de France, the Royalist organ, published yes
terday. The report says the League of ' Patriots and Anti-Semite League
were in communication with the Duke of Orleans, who, it is said, sent 5000
francs to M. Deroulede, and other large sums to Jules Guerin. Altogether
the Royalist party is said to have spent 300,000 francs in organizing the at
tempt at a coup d'etat at the military barracks. M. Buffet says: "The best
thing we could do in reply to recent reports of the plot was to show up
what our adversaries are. We therefore published the principal document of
the prosecution with which we were threatened— a report of the prefect of
police — and now let them prosecute us."
In regard to the truth or otherwise of the report, M. Buffet refused to
reply to many statements made. However, he declared them inexact; for
instance, those regarding money alleged to have been given to MM. De
roulede and Guerin. M. Buffet further denied that he was the representa
tive in France of the Due d'Orleans. M. de Haussonville was the repre
sentative of the Oomte de Paris. He resigned on 'the death of that Prince,
and since then the Due d'Orleans desired no further representatives.
M. Buffet is the representative of his political bureau. His royal high
ness wishes to have supreme control of his party and employs various per
sons according to their aptitude.
As to the authenticity of the report on that point there is no doubt. La
Gazette de France obtained it by perfectly legal mean?. It formed part of
the dossier in the recent persecution of the Jeunesse Royaliste. As to the
society, "Sapher Royal," M. Buffet declared that until he road its name in
M. Blanc's report he had never heard the name. As for the "Alouette Gau
loise." it is a Royalist group at La Villette, and as to the existence of
which no mystery was ever made. "Gamelle" is probably a Royalist meet
ing held at Durand's restaurant under the name of Poule au Pot. Another
Vrror in the report is regarding M. de Plas, the administrator of the Ga
zette de France. Everybody knows M. Janicot is the sole proprietor and di
rector of that journal. Everybody knows, too, that the Due d'Andiffret-
Pasquier gave his resignation to the Comte de Paris long before M. Du
fenille, who gave his to the Due d'Orleans.
"You can think what you like." added M. Buffet. "It would really be a
pity to reply to the ensemble of the report and then prosecute us, and we
will reply. For the moment I know nothing."
It is rumored that as a result of the revelation of the Inhuman cruelty
practiced upon Dreyfus while on Devils Island, M. le Bon, the Minister who
was responsible for the orders sent to M. Deniel, while in charge of the
penal settlement where Dreyfus was confined, will be proceeded against,
the Government not confining its action to yesterday's dismissal of M. De
niel. M. Bertillon, the handwriting expert who testified before the <'ourt of
Cassation that Dreyfus was the author of the bordereau, still remains at the
head of the anthroi.ometric department of the Prefecture or Police, but has
boen deprived of his official duties.
Baron Baulny, another of the aristocratic promoters of the demonstra
tion against President Loubet at Auteuil, has been pardoned. It is under
stood that M. Loubet also desired to pardon Baron Christiana, who made
the assault upon him, but the Cabinet decided that this was quite out of the
question.
ville School, the largest institution in St.
Louis, Mo. He had charge of the division
which met with the accident. The mem
bers had spent two weeks in the Rocky
Mountains t ><•{".> re coming here. He- will
1- aye for Los Angeles to-day to attend the
■ onvention.
The Southern Pacific Company got Its
claim agents on the ground as soon as it
di.l its physicians and they were soon
busy among the dazed passengers of the
telescoped coach compounding damages.
Thi y aucceedi <1 in several instances in ar
rlving at settlements with the passengers
f. >r clothing, baggage and valuables lost
or destroyed in the wreck.
INTENSE EXCITEMENT
AMONG WE DELEGATES
Teachers at Lrs Anje/es Anxous
About Friends on the
' Wrecked Tram.
LOS ANGELES, July 10.— When the
news was received to-day that a wreck
had occurred on the Southern Pacific, and
that Bfcveral teachers have been killed and
wounded, there was intense excitement
amon? the visiting delegates. Many had
friends on the train, and they besieged
the general headquarters of the National
Educational Association for particulars
of the wreck and the names of the dead
and injured.
Report* at first were grossly exagger
ated jss to the extent of the accident, and
when it was learned that the fatalities
were L'mited the excitement subsided, but
the news, nevertheless, cast a gloom over
the visitors. Ther^ were many expresions
of lndigration at such an aparently inex
cusable accident, and it seems probable,
that action may be taken by the National
Association or the board of directors of
that body.
Secretary Irvin Shepard. when asked
about the matter to-night, said: "The
board or directors of the National Edu
cational Association meets to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock. The directors may
then take some step in the matter, but I
am lot now prepared to say what, and
would dislike to make any statement in
anticipation of their possible action."
Dr. C. L. Howard of the Columbia
School, St. Louis, spoke this evening in
eulogistic terms of Miss Addie Harris,
one of the ladies killed in the collision at
N<wman this morning. The deceased was
about 30 yeara of age and was second as
sistant at the Madison School, St. Louis.
Edwin D. Luckey, who was one of i.ie
Injured, was the principal of the Ellerds
ville School, St. Louis, and was in charge
of the party.
LAST LETTERS SENT
BY COUNTESS HASSALL
Tell a Pitiful Story of a Proud
Woman's Struggle to Obtain
a Living.
STOCKTON, July 10.— The last letters
written by Lillian (Countess) Hassall, the
aristocratic English woman who shot her
friend. Mr?. Will Ilickman. and herself
on May 1, disclose a life filled with sad
romance. Mrs. Hassall was seen to mail
some letters a few hours before the trag
edy. Until to-day all efforts on the part
of those interested to locate the recipients
failed. One of these letters went to Mips
Edith Cox. who received it in Oakland nt
2 o'clock the following day. It was this
young woman to whom she left the rem
nants of her once magnificent wardrobe.
Across the first page of the letter is
written. "Silence if golden." The writer
reminds her friend that she had promised
to let her know if anything unusual took
place, and says:
"I am determined to end this wretched
struggle for existence."
It recites her disappointment at some
length. Portions of the letter were with
held, but the recipient's comments there
on are sufficient to Justify the presump
tion that Mrs. Hassall wrote the letters
I just before the tragedy, and consequently
it follows that when the two women went
I to their room both had determined to end
their lives.
Miss Cox has a series of letters telling
j of a proud woman's struggle- with hunger
j and privation. On February 2 "the Count
ess" thanked her for the loan of |3. and
i toid how she had been selling her silver
ware to buy food. March 15 she declared,
"Thank God, I have work at last. Only
$3 a week, but enough to buy food."
The letters indicate that Mrs. Hassall's
character was altogether different from
j that pictured at th* time of the double
murder.
REVIEWING THE CASE
OF CAPTAIN CARTER
Mr. McKinley Said to Have Asked
the Attorney General for an
Early Report.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The Sun's special
from Washington says: The case of
Captain O. M. Carter of the Engineer
Corps of the army, convicted by court
martial of irregularities in his accounts,
probably will be finally decided within a
few weeks. The papers are in the hands
of Attorney General Griggs, who has been
reviewing the case by direction of the
President. The Attorney General has
given much time to the findings of the
court and the evidence submitted. He
has personally examined every phase of
the case. To give him complete data all
the acounts of Captain Carter were sent
to the Department of Justice.
Briefs have been filed both for and
against Captain Carter, but to give him
self a complete understanding of the case
Attorney General Griggs has had an ex
pert bank examiner go over all of Captain
Carter's accounts and make a report. He
has consumed much time, as the papers
till two boxes about five feet high and
four feet square. Attorney General Griggs
has nearly completed his review, however,
and is now engaged in summing up state
ments of counsel and the reply of Colonel
Barr.
The World's Washington special says:
It is said to-night that President McKin
ley has at last shown a disposition to take
action in the case of Captain Carter, con
victed by court-martial of embezzling
$1,R00.000 of Government funds while su
perintending harbor work in Georgia.
President McKinley instructed Attorney
General Griggs to hasten his review of the
case and report not later than the last of
this week, that the President may an
nounce by that time his final determina
tion. The Attorney General to-day had
a Government bank official from New
York here giving a comparison of Captain
Carter's private bank account with his
official account.
Governor Roosevelt's recent visit to the
White House is considered by some to be
the chief cause of the President's deci
sion to take up the case in earnest. It is
said that th*» Governor told the President
frankly that his dilatoriness was bitterly
resented by the people
The lowa Will Return.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 10.— The battle
ship lowa will be floated from the dry
dock at Port Orchard to-morrow evening
between T:?.o and S o'clock. The event will
be celebrated by an excursion from this
city. There will be no formal exercises.
The lowa will consume four days in coal
ing. After spending a few days longer
on the Sound she will go to San Fran
cisco.
Belgrade Under Martial Law.
BELORADF., Servia. July 10.— Martial
law has been d^clar^d throughout the
Department of Belgrade, including the
city, owing to dicoveries during the course
of the inquiry into the recent attempt
upon the life of formor King Milan.
Plague at Alexandria.
ALEXANDRIA, July 10.— Three oases j
of plague were reported here yesterday. •;
The inhabitants are discontented with the
sanitary precautions. They have threat- :
ened trouble, and yesterday roughly han
dled two doctors.
■ ♦ »
Giren away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches, \
ready for framing. J
OFFICERS FOR
VOLUNTEER ARMY
Appointments Made by
the President.
. 4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— Presl
\ den has made the following appoint-
M merits in the volunteer army, the for
i mer service of each officer following the
I name:
• To be major— Frank A. Cook, for
; merly lieutenant colonel First Rhode
, Island Volunteers.
', To be captains — James B. Adams,
1 first lieutenant Fourteenth U. S. V. In
j fantry; Alvin A. Barker, major First
Rhode Island Volunteers; John Bord
man, captain First Massachusetts
Heavy Artillery; Frank y. Crenshaw,
first lieutenant Third U. S. V. Infantry;
Eastman Curry, sergeant major
Twenty-second Infantry; Jacob H.
Culver, captain Second U. S. V. Cav
alry; Lander Cravens, first lieutenant
Third Missouri Volunteers; Claude S.
Fries, captain Fourth New Jersey Vol
unteers; Paul C. Galleher, captain First
Kentucky Volunteers; John H. Gold
man, captain Sixth Missouri Volun
: teers; Charles D. Gaither, captain
Ninth U. S. V. Infantry; Samuel R.
Lang-worthy, captain Seventh Califor
! nia Volunteers; John Van Ness Phillipp,
lieutenant Fourth U. S. V. Infantry:
Charles E. Reese, captain One Hundred
and Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers;
Frank N. Rumbold, captain Battery A,
Missouri Artillery; William Tutherly,
major First New Hampshire Volun
teers; H. T. Thompson, lieutenant Sec
ond South Carolina Volunteers; Reuben
Whipple, major Second Massachusetts
Volunteer Infantry. • .
To be first lieutenants— Robert F. Ar
nold, captain Third Tennessee Volun
teers; Harry D. Blaslan, captain Sev
enth Ohio Infantry; Kent Browning,
! Fourth United States Volunteer In
i fantry; Thomas C. Bradley, First Unit
; ed States Volunteer Cavalry; Walter P.
Corbett, first lieutenant, First Georgia
i Volunteers; Robert T. Ciawford, ser- I
geant, Company E, Forty-ninth lowa
Volunteers; William Murray Connell,
; first lieutenant Twelfth New York Vol- !
unteers; Steward M. Decker, captain j
Fourteenth Minnesota Volunteers; F.
j E. Edwards, second lieutenant Sixth
j Massachusetts; James D. Fauntleroy,
I captain Third United States Engineers;
i Edwin S. Hartshorn. Twelfth New
{ York Volunteers; James C. Hixon, cap
tain Fifth United States Infantry; H.
M. Morrow, lieutenant Third Nebraska:
William M. Meek, first lieutenant Third
; Tennessee; William S. Mapes, major
j Second Nebraska Volunteer Infantry;
Edward O'Flaherty, sergeant Company
D, Sixteenth Infantry; George B. Rod
ney, second lieutenant First Delaware
Volunteers; William P. Screws, second
lieutenant Third Alabama Volunteers;
Thomas H. Underwood, captain Fifth
United States Volunteer Infantry.
To be second lieutenants — K.
Armstrong, second lieutenant Second |
Alabama Volunteers; Walter O. Bow- j
j man, private One Hundred and Sixtieth
: Indiana Volunteers; Arthur G. Duncan,
private First United States Volunt-er
Cavalry; George M. Holley, second lieu
tenant Third United States Volunteer
Engineers; H. K. Love, corporal First
United States Volunteer Cavalry; M. B.
Mabson, first lieutenant volunteers:
Philip. Mowrey, sergeant Company E.
, Sixth Cavalry: J. Oliver, first sergeant j
j Troop F, Sixth Cavalry; Robert Dewey j
; Russell, second lieutenant Twelfth New j
York Volunteers; Wilford Twymann, j
second lieutenant First Kentucky Vol- \
unteers; George A. Vernon, Company ■
C, Third Nebraska Volunteers: Charles j
H. Wilson, captain Second Nebraska
Infantry; H. Carl Young, Tenth Penn
sylvania.
The Quartermaster's Department
will not engage any more troop
ships at present for the Pacific service, !
as it is' believed there will be enough j
ships available to take all the regi
ments and recruits to take all the regi- j
ready to go or will be ready during the j
next month. Preparations are being j
made, however, to have sufficient troop
ships on hand to carry the new regi
ments to the Philippines as soon as
they are prepared.
Major Long, chief commissary at
San Francisco, has been instructed to
keep in view any vessels available for
transportation service that can be pro
cured about the last of August, the ear
liest day believed possible to have any
of the new organizations in shape to
sail.
A GRAND REMEDY FOR ALL WEAKNESS
Is More Valuable Than a Dozen Doctors When You Are
Troubled With Pains or Weakness. j
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
This grand belt has cured four thousand people in Colorado during the past five
years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism. Lame Back and Kidney
Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Nervous Debility after all else falls.
IT WILL CURE YOU.
Stop drugging if it does not help you, and the money that you would pay a doctor
in one month will buy this famous Belt. It is worth its weight in gold, for It saturates
the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new manhood.
SEND FOR FREE BOOK.
It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point out a
means by which you can become strong. It is sent, sealed, free to any address, or can
be -had on application at the office. • .-:-■•;,"-:■'•;._.
Don't put It off. Act to-day in a matter which concern? th» happiness not only of
yourself, but of your family and friends, of your future. You should not delay. Call
or address V.'-Va; -■/=." .-'.,
TV TUT A TIB" T 1 1 • "02 Market St., cor. Ke»n»7. 8. F. ;
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, i^tJSuT Bprins and Second
Office Hours-S a.m. to S:3O p.m.: Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
MAKE PERFECT MEM ,
SBO WOT DESPAIR ! Do nt Suf- i
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of \rrvouii l>eblllty
absolutely cured by PEKKECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in- :
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by ,
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart v ijror and potency to every func- :
tion. Brace up the system. (ilve >tfß^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of A^fT\youncorold.
One 50c box renews vital energy, NIIJ6 boxes at
$2. 50 a complete ant euro YJjJttP or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest >«**' pocket, bold j
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrice by THE PERFECTO CO., Carton Bids., Chicago, HI.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two (tores). Grant Drag Co.. to
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. •,-■ . i
VIEW THE FERTILE
SONOMA VALLEY
Santa Rosa Visited by
Agriculturists.
Special Dispatch to Thf Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 10.— Tlie delegates
of the Association of American Agricul
tural C - and Experiment Stations,
ISO strong, b.-Knn their olli'.-wil inspection
of California to-day. The mcml I •
association left San Francisco at 7:30
o'clock in the morning and went to Tlbu
rom where they hoarded the special train
tendered th^m by Presideni A. W. Foster
of the Ca fornia Northwestern Railway
Company. A 1 Tiburon th- delegates were
met by K. X. Ryan, the general passenger
agent of the road, who bad the train in
charge.
M. K. Jaffa of the University of Califor
nia; Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
Italian-American Bank; 11. H Taylor,
manager of the Mills building; Professor
Emory K. Smith of Stanford University
and E. F. Adams of San Francisco were
the members of the committe< of arrange
ments who accompanied the
Mayor Phelan had expe< ted to go but at
the" last moment was prevented, as was
Professor E. J. Wlckson of the University
of California. Professors I>. T. Fowler,
c. W. Woodworth, W. }'■■ Ristag and R.
H, Loughridge of the University of Cali
fornia went along and helped to entertain
the delegates by pointing out the many
places of interest. Al San Rafael a stop
was man.' and Presideni Foster, B. W.
Runyon, Paris Commissioner; Baron J H..
yon Schr «sder and Alexander yon Schroe
der joined the party. \\ . D. Reynolds,
president of the Merchants Association
( »f Santa Rosa, met the delegates at libu
"santa Rosa was reached at 9:30 o'clock.
H,r<> the members of the association
found amp].- arrangements triads for their
entertainment by the committees of the
Merchants' Association. 'I he directors of
the association who had the arrangements
in charge were: M. J. Btnling, N. J-
Donovan. L. W. Burris, W R. Canthers,
\V II Leo. C. I). Johnson. T. P. Iveegan,
P. A- Brush and Charles F. Roher. About
130 carriages, provided by the citizens of
Santa Rosa and the adjoining county,
were in waiting at the depot. The dele
gates separated into different parties and
for two hours were driven to the many
points of int. rest about the town. The
Grosse olive orchards and Rincon Heights
were visited. From the latter the visitors
were afforded an excellent view of the
Santa Rosa and Rincon valleys. The
Fountain Grove vineyards were inspected
and many enjoyed the beauties of the
famous Walnut avenue drive.
To the members of the section on bot
any and horticulture the private experi
mental grounds of Luther Burbank, the
California wizard of horticulture, who has
a world-wide reputation, proved of the
greatest interest. After the drive the
delegates were taken to the Christian
church, where a sumptuous luncheon was
served The ladies in charge were: Mrs.
D N. Carithers. Mrs. B. Hendrickson.
Mrs P Coldin, Mrs. A. (l. Burntette and
Mrs E. H. Light, who were assisted by
a number of charming young girls. There
was one unanimous sentiment expressed
by the delegates, and it is best told in the
concise words of Charles S. Murkland,
president of the New Hampshire College,
who said:
"We have read and heard of California,
hut we are only beginning to know her
limitless resources. Here are the future
homes of thousands when the State's
great and varied wealth is known. Who
is to blame that the true resources of
California have not been told as they
should be? This inspection is the begin
ning of the advertisement that will mean
millions to the State, for we have seen for
ourselves."
UKIAH VISITED.
Excursionists Banqueted on Their Re
turn to San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL., July 10.— After Iraviner
Santa Rosa the Agricultural College ex
cursionists journeyed to Uklah, where
they inspected the fish hatcheries of the
Northwestern Railway. Asti was reached
at 3:30 o'clock. There the members of the
association remained for nearly two hours
inspecting thewineryand distillery of the
Italian-Swiss Agricultural Colony. Presi
dent P. C. Rossi and Andrea Sbarboro di
the honors with lavish hospitality. One
hundred and fifty quarts of champagne
were opened in honor of the delegates.
Later the beautiful and hospitable villa
of Mr. Sbarboro was visited.
The banquet tendered ihe association at
the Hotel Rafael on the return from
Vkiah was the climax of the day. Covers
were laid for over :'■»" persons. A. "\v.
Foster was the toastmaster. The judiciary
of the State was represented by Judge \V.
W. Morrow.
Judge Morrow was the first speaker. He
welcomed the delegates and outlined the
many benefits that the State would reap
from their inspection. J. E. Stubbs. pres
ident of the association, upon the part of
the members of the association, thanked
the people of California for the distin
guished iourto:-y that has been shown
them here. H. P. Armsby of Pennsylva
nia. Andrea Sbarboro, 11. W. Wiley of
Washington, D. »'.. and E. W. Runyon
were among the othere speakers.
■ wTm^¥|'^^WATERS ARE
NOW SLOWLY
RECEDING
But Great Destitution Yet
Exists Along the Brazos
Bottoms.
DANGER IF DISEASE
Deoaying Bodies of Drowned Cat
tie and Horses Likely to Cause
a Pestilence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN. Tex., July 10.— Order Is now
beginning to be restored out of chaos In
The upper part of the flooded district of J
the State. The unprecedented volume of_
water in the Brazos River is emptying
into the gulf at a rapid rate, and along
the upper course of the stream the de- ■
vastated thousands of acres of agricul
tural lands are coming to the surface, its [
benighted appearance plainly showing- the
awful havoc that has been wrought by :
the long period of inundation. The cot
ton and corn crops are utterly ruined, and |
Those who predicted that the flood would
not Kill the plants are proved to be false
prophets.
Unless swelled by additional rains the
Prazos will be back In its banks by the j
end of this week. Th,e receding of the |
flood along the upper course of the
Btream has brought to light the fact that i
the loss of livesctock was much greater :
than has yet been estimated. On water- ■
ak: . ground :u-e strewn thousands of j
dead bcdies of cattle and horses. The I
stench arising from these dead animals j
and drying vegetation is unbearable in, ;
Bom localities, and it is feared it will
be the cause of much sickness. The situ- ;
ation i:. Hearne, Robinson County, Is i
much worse than indicated in the earlier .
advices from that locality. ;
Governor Savers received a telegram j
this morning from the Mayor of Hearne, :
located in the heart df the stricken dis- |
trict, urging that $5000 be Immediately
cent to him to be expended in the relief
of the suffering of that county. As $2000 j
had already been sent to the destitute j
people of that county the Governor was j
unable to comply with the appeal for j
further aid. The negroes of Robinson and <
counties of that section where the flood
subsided nnd that their little homes were i
completely devastated by the flood, and in |
many Instances the tour of the val- i
lev has: been so changed by the raging
waters as to completely obliterate planta
tion boundaries and sites of former resi- .
dences and plantation buildings. Many ot
the negroes refuse to return to the bot
toms. They are afraid another flood will
come t'.nd sweep them to destruction.
Governor Sayers to-day completed his
work of organizing the State into dis- i
tricts of from six to eight counties each j
for the purpose of securing systematic
co-operation In the work of raising sup- j
piles for the aid of the sufferers. A re- :
ceivlng and distributing agent for each
district was appointed, it is expected that ;
this method will result in fully 200 car- i
loads of food supplies and clothing being
raispd and shipped 10 the destitute people
wihin the next three days. Each county
in the State is expected to contribute not
le;-.s than one car of necessities. The rail
roads are hauime the supplies free of
freigm charges.
1 ne work of rescuing waterbound peo- I
I>!e in Fort Bend and Brazorta counties
■was carried on on an extensive scale to- j
day. Several hundred boats, including a \
number of Government craft, sent from
Galveston and Velasco; plied the turbu- I
lent waters all day, and several hundred
negro families and a few whites were j
taken from ireetops and little knolls of
high ground and conveyed to regions
where they were provided with food and
shelter.
Among the larger cash contributions re
ceived oy Governor Sayers to-day to be
expended in behalf of the refugees was
JKn.lO from the Western manager of the
Waters Spice Oil Company of St. Louis.
Relief commit tees have been organized In
nearly every city and town in the State,
and wonderful generosity is being shown
by the people in contributing money, food,
supplies and clothing for t lie needy. A
proprietary me licine company of St. Louis
wired the Governor to-day asking if help
•was nee,'...: from persons outside of Texas
for the sufferer.-:. The Governor replied
that all such contributions would be ac
ceptable. Among the telegrams received
by the Governor to-day regarding the
situation in the flooded regions was the
following from John P. Bell, county
Judge of Austin County:
"There are 1200 flood sufferers in this
county north of Mill Creek, 1000 south of
Mill Creek, including Wards Bend, and
3.'W at Wallis. The people of ■ llvllle have
cared for those north of Mill Creek up to
Saturday without aid from any other
source. Sealey and San Kilipi have re
ceived from you $500 and 1600 rations.
Wallis received 1000 rations. Bellville,
with her 1200 people, has received no aid
vet, but bought $500 worth of meat and
bacon, expecting to pay for it out of the
$1000 to be received from you. Wallis will
be in need of food again to-morrow."
The Governor received the following
telegram from Lewis R. Bryan and others
of Velasco, at the mouth of the Brazos,
in Brazoria:
"The water has reached its highest
point, and Vela&>to is all right and able
to take care of such of her people as may
Meed assistance. The channel is deep and
we wish your aid In getting Government
engineers to let the contract for work
on the jetties at the very earliest moment,
as it serves the trustees the double pur
pose of saving much dredging, and will
also give work to many people and have -i
good moral effect on the people of this
and adjoining coui.ties by helping to re- j
vive and steady their hopes and spirits in
this time of destruction and demoraliza
tion."
S. Tallffero, chairman of the Houston
relief committee, wired Governor Savers I
as follows:
"Please wire the Mayors of towns
named below, asking the immediate do
nation of cotton seed for replenishing In
flooded districts. Must be immediate to
be successful: Brenham, Austin. Hous
ton Waco, San Antonio, Temple, Bellton,
Bryan Corsicana, Waxahachle, Dallas,
Hiflsboro, Brownwood Palestine, Groves
ton, Groesbeck. Ennis, Wortham, Sher
man, Paris, irkana, Denison, Flatonia,
Luling, Hallettsville and Weimar. In ad
dition to cotton seed the flood sufferers
need black-eyed peas and sorghum seed
and Kaffir or other quick maturing corn
to plant as soon as the flood recedes."
The Governor complied with the request.
W. E. Hunnlcutt wired the Governor th.it
the flood sufferers of Falls County are
being cared for by the local aid commit
tee. Colonel Ike Btanifer of Sherman
•wired that he had organized all the towns
in Grayson County and the work of gath
ering contributions has commenced. Swift
,v Co. of Kansas City wired that they will
contribute 5000 pounds of bacon for the
sufferers. The half -famished refugees at
Bunnyside, in Waller County, were partly
relieved of their hunger to-. lay. A tele
gram was received from R. K. Hanna of
Hempstead stating that a consignment cf
food supplies was sent from that place to
Sunnysfde to-day and that there are about
COO needy people there.
State Health Officer "W. F. Blunt has
gone to the flooded region to investigate
th* health and sanitary conditions.
In response to an inquiry as to whether
outside assistance is needed for the des
titute people Governor Sayers replied this
evening:
' "Texas is not asking help, but will
greatly appreciate any assistance ren
dered." _,  .
The distress in the Brazos Valley if very
prrpat, indeed. The average length of the
flood Is 300 miles, and Is fully ten miles
wide, sweeping everything before It A
telegram was received from J. W. Fel.cer
tind several other citizens of Courtney,
Grimes County; stating that help Is
needed to feed 500 people there.
Oiren away with each cath want adrf
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, *
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewy,
printed in ten colon, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
Beautiful City of the
Angels in Gay
Attire.
PLEASURE AND
WORK COMBINED
BY EDUCATORS
Outing Jaunts F j U tfoe iQtervals
Between Sessions of the
Council.
LOS AXOET.ES, July 10.— The full
force of the honor of being a
convention city was felt to-day
by the citizens of Los Angeles.
There are now upward of 9000
teachers and their friends added to the
population, the influx of to-day being
estimated at 1500. At a late hour to
night the committee on reception and
hotels received bulletins that to-mor
row eighteen trains would arrive and
on Wednesday as many more would
unload their burdens of kodak-laden
and badge-bespangled schoolma'ams.
The wisdom of those persons that
insisted upon making extensive ar
rangements for accommodating a
large crowd of National Educational
Association delegates and visitors was
tested to-day. The facilities, great as
they were last week supposed to be,
did not exceed the actual need. The
general headquarters was packed
with people during the morning hours.
The departments for stamping tickets,
enrolling members and assigning
rooms were rushed with business and
some difficulty was experienced in
keeping the crowd moving. The large
exposition room was thronged and but
a small proportion of the crowd could
get at th*> big registry book. The of
ficers of the National Educational As
sociation were gratified over the con
firmation of the prediction they had
made.
However great the crush, the ar
rangements are so complete that not a
murmur of discontent has been heard.
The limit of rooms has not been
reached, as there is an emergency list
of 1000 rooms, provided by leading citi
zens, that so far has not been called
Into requisition.
The delegates to-day had their first
experience with true Californian hospi
tality. The entertainment committee
set apart to-day as Los Angeles day.
The parlors of a leading hotel had been
thrown into one and been profusely
decorated with a wealth at bloom and
potted palms. Forty local women
teachers acted as hostesses and
dispensed a rare punch, thai combined
the aroma of a dozen varieties of
fruits.
At 8 o'clock this evening, as one in-
MISS ESTELLE REEL.
stantaneous flash, over 10,000 incandes- |
cent and 500 arc lights twinkled wel
come to the multitudes that lined the
principal streets. And thes were in ad
dition to the ordinary city lights and
the efforts of the merchants, who have
in very many instances lighted up their
premises with lights in variegated i
colors. The park, upon which the pa- I
vilion faces, and wherein the general j
sessions of the convention will be held,
was made as bright as day. and a band
entertained the throng that filled every j
avenue.
The orange orchard at Tropico will
be thrown 'open to the delegates to
morrow. This orchard has been en
gaged for the pleasure the teachers may
enjoy in personally picking the fruit
and observing citrus growth and cul
ture. Another object lesson is provided
in a trip made to-night, and to be re
peated to-morrow night, to Mount
Lowe, above the clouds, over the rail
road recently purchased by Valentine
Peyton of Danville, 111. The great
searchlight scanned the valley and the
party of delegates was photographed in
its rays. Professor Swift, at the obser
vatory, lectured upon Saturn and her i
rings, and. with the aid of the tele
scope, afforded sn opportunity for the ;
study of astronomy.
The meetings of the National Council ;
of Education were continued to-day. !
The first morning session was taken i
up by the report of the special commit- j
tee of the department of superinten- ;
dence on school hygiene. The report i
was made by Hon. W. H. Harris,
United States Commissioner of Educa- i
tion, Washington, D. C. A discussion
followed the reading of the report, with j
the result that a committee was ap
pointed to present to the board of di
rectors a request from the superinten- j
dents of the different departments ask
ing that the former recommend an ap
propriation of $1200, to be used as pre
miums for prize essays on "School Hy- j
giene," and for the purpose of defray
ing the expenses of further investiga
tion along the line of proper school- i
room ventilation. The committee ap- \
pointed Is as follows: Professor A. R. j
Taylor of Emporia, Kans., the presi
dent of the National Council; Dr. Har
ris of Washington, D. C. ; Dr. George P. •
Brown of Illinois; Dr. King of lowa, j
and Dr. Aaron of Colorado.
A lengthy and comprehensive paper
was read by Professor Charles JECeyes, I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL!L, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
MEETING OF TEACHERS
principal of the High School at Holy
oke, Mass., on the differentiation of the
American school. Havi t indicated
what differentiation has obtained in !
practice, and hinted at the Justification
for each type of school Professor Keyes
proceeded to draw a few warrantable
conclusions. Said he:
The existence of so many courses is due
to the conviction that there Is no warrant |
for the assumption that either the same \
order or some combination of studies is i
the best means to the highest self-realiza- i
tinn for all pupils. Judged by the com- I
pleteness with which they help those who j
receive their training to make the most of
themselves, these courses may be said
to Btand on nearly or quite equal foot
ing. As preparation for life's work, the
course of a good Latin school, that of an
English high school or that of a scientific I
school seem equally efficient and equally
deficient. The power one gets from his- j
tory and science another gleans from clas- ]
si( s and mathematics, and so on. The
failure that one makes of Latin another |
makes of mathematics, and still a third
of history. The reasonable deduction is j
not simply election of courses but election
of subjects.
Must not the ideal high school cease to
nr< scribe any but the essential tool of
ss? If Its business is to give the pu
pil four years of opportunity "to make the
it" i of himself." in a high sense of the
expression, must it not content itself with
Insisting that he shall do four full years
of thorough work, comprising continuous i
effort along some line, and such additional |
subjects as he under wise counsel shall
ele< I V
The report of the committee on State
Normal schools presented by Professor
Z. X. Snyder, preßident of the State
Normal School at Greeley, Colo., dealt
with the function of the normal school
in relation to the faculty; those pre
paring to teach, the child, the social
mind or society and the subjects to be i
studied. Valuable statistics were em- !
bodied in the report, the data on the!
several subjects dealt with represent- ]
Ing the labor of all the members of the j
committee. In concluding Professor
Snyder said:
'J he preparation of teachers for the ele
ry schools has everywhere been re
garded "as the special function of the State
Normal Schools, although where the
means were at hand very excellent work
• een lone In the preparation of teach- :
e-rs for high schools and academies. Some
have made provision for a general
system of normal schools: others have;
centered their efforts upon one large insti
tution. The latter plan has made it easier j
•A a satisfactory standard of admls- j
sion, but from the nature of the case it
has faihil to BUpply teachers in sufficient
numbers for ;ill the rural schools. The
States with v system of normal schools
have thus far not succeeded in furnishing
:m edequate supply of teachers trained
at normal schools. Now York has pone
farthest in the direction of requiring can
didates to avail themselves of profession
al training.
Professor L. D. Harvey, State Super
intendent of Public Instruction, Madi
son, Wis., read a pap*r on the subject,
"Do We Need a University Trust?" in
which he summed up the problems of
fering for solution:
1. How to secure to the people of the
respective States the highest grade of in
structional work possible in the regular
collegiate courses, and at the same time
t<> convince the people generally that this
is the lirst duty of the university.
2. To organize those deportments of grad
uate work fnr which there is the greatest
demand, not from the professors', but
from graduates from the collegiate
< ourses, to the extent to which the funds
available will warrant, after provision is
made for carrying on the undergraduate
work at the highest degree of efficiency.
3. To limit tiie number of lines of grad
uate work offered so as to make it possi
ble to offer facilities for doing whatever
work is attempted as well as It can be
done anywhere without increasing the de
mands for appropriations so as to weaken
the support of the people through their
I representatives in the Legislature.
At the evening session. Dr. E. C.
i Hewitt, Bloomington, 111., read an mi
i teresting paper on "Psychology for the
] Teacher," basing his remarks on re
i cent articles in the Atlantic Monthly
I and the educational review by Profes
| sor Hugo Munsterberg of Cambridge.
\ A paper was read by Dr. Nicholas
Murray Butler, Columbia University,
! New York, on the "Educational Pro
gress of the Year."
There will be one more session of the
National Council to-morrow morning,
and at 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
National Educational Association con
! vention proper will open. When the
i "work of the convention begins to-mor-
I row it will be carried on in specialized
i form, each department having its own
: meeting place and an. opportunity be
j ing thus afforded for the teachers to
attend to the department work in
which they have special interest, and
i also participate in various forms of
| recreation provided.
Three hundred and sixty-eight vessels
I were in collision last year.
AT LOCAL COMMITTEE HEADQUARTERS.
Frank Wiggins busily at work providing for the welfare of Los Angeles' thousands of guests.
THEIR MISSION
THE UPLIFTING
OF THE INDIAN
Second Annual Institute of the
Teachers Who Labor for
Poor Lo.
LOS ANGELES, July 10.— second I
annual convention of the Indian j
Teachers' Institute, that to-day met
in session in this city, marks a new
epoch in the Indian service and from it
will date a radical departure from former
custom, In the holding of yearly gather-
Ings of those who art: consecrating their
lives and ambitions to the upbuilding of
the Indian race.
These Indian Teachers' Institutes are
the outgrowth of the energy and execu
tive force of Miss Estelle Reel, the hrst
woman to hold the office of National Su
perintendent of Indian Schools. In dis
charging the duties of her office Dy in
specting the Indian schools in Kansas,
Oklahoma, Arizona, New Mexico. Wash
ington. Oregon and California during l v ;»7.
Miss Reel became familiar with the needs
of the Indian and as a sequence endeav
ored to bring about a broadening of the
minds that directed the educational
branch of the Indian service. Having this
in mind. Miss Heel recommended that an
institute for Indian teachers be held
where, emulating the practice of the
teachers of colleges and normal and pub
lic schools, these Government teachers
could meet, become personally acquaint
ed, exchange ideas and offer suggestions
that would prove beneficial in their voca
tion. The convention last year was held
in Colorado Springs, Col., and demon
strated the wisdom of establishing thes^
institutes.
To further aid the teachers in the In
dian service Miss Reel suggested to the
department that the institute for IS»'J bd
held in Los Angeles at the time of the
National Educational Association conven
tion. The central idea that governed this
impulse was embodied in Miss Reel a
language: "We believe that every teacher
can learn, and 1 think that when the
teachers who come from every section of j
the United States meet In session it will
be possible for the teachers employed In
the Indian service to be able to study
method, by hearing eminent scholars dis
cuss pedagogic questions. The Influence
is for the better, and our teachers will be
made stronger and become Imbued with
a higher conception of their calling.
Hence the Indian Teachers' Institute will
this year become, during the daily ser
vices Of the National Educational Asso
ciation, a part of that natioual body for
instruction, advancement and improve
ment."
The second annual session of the In
dian Teachers' Institute was this morn-
Ing called to order at 10 o'clock by Miss
Reel, who introduced the Hon. Thomas J.
Kirk, State Superintendent of Public In
struction. Professor Kirk delivered an
address of welcome on behalf of the
State. Hon. Fred Eaton, Mayor of Los
Angeles, welcomed the teachers on behalf
of the municipality, while Dr. George W.
White, president of the University
of Southern California; Dr. E. T.
Pierce, principal of the Normal School,
and Professor J. Forhoy, Superintend
ent of the public schools of Los An
geles, welcomed the delegates on behalf
of the school Interests of the city, county
and State, the welcoming addresses con
cluding with, an address by Dr. Irvin
Shepard, general secretary of the Na
tional Educational Association, who wel
comed them on behalf of the teachers of
the nation, and bade them a hearty wel
come to the National Educational Asso
ciation convention. ■:■■■> -• -.
The responses were made in a happy
vein, and when Hon. A. C. Tanner. As
sistant Commissioner of Indian Affairs of
Washington, D. C. replied, he did so on j
behalf of the Government, and expressed •
gratification that the teachers in the di
rect employ of the nation should be wel
comed to the Golden State with a hos
pitality that was characteristic, distinc
tive and pronounced.
Major R. H. Pratt. Superintendent of
the Carlisle (Pa.) Indian School, spoke in
behalf of the Eastern schools, and S. M.
McCowan in behalf of the Western In
dian schools.
The musical programme reflected great |
credit upon Miss Gertrude Carpenter, su- i
perintendent of music of the San Francis
co public schools, who had it in charge.
The band from the Indian school at Per
ris, and also the girls' mandolin club from
the. same school, won credit for the sev
eral selections rendered. Several of the
boys have recently been selected to form
part of the band the Government pur
poses sending to the Paris Exposition. .
The convention closed with the after
noon review until Monday, July 17, when
the work will be resumed.
The programme for the institute Is as
follows:
Music— Directress, Miss Estelle Carpenter,
i San Francisco, Cal.
Number and form work— Flora E. Har
vey Phoenix Industrial School, Arizona.
Kindergarten— Miss Lizzie ■M. Lampson, Po-
Juaque, Santa Fe. New Mexico.
Language and literature— Miss M. J. Sher
man, Hampton Normal and Agricultural
SchooL Virginia. ',i : -■!.'''
Drawing — Miss Frances E. Ransom, New
York Training School, New York.
Writing— Miss Georgia McMannis, supervisor
of writing, Colorado Springs, Colo.
History and geography— Mrs. . .Jesse W.
Cook, Carlisle Indian School. Pennsylvania.
Afternoon . session, at 2 o'clock, opened with
music:
Round table discussions: Superintendent's
section— Chairman, S. M. McCowan, superin
tendent Indian School, Phoenix, Ariz. ,
Matron's section— Chairman, Mrs. Fannie D.
I Hall, Perrls Indian School. California. .
1 Sloyd. manual and industrial sections—Chair
i man, William J. Oliver, Albuquerque Indian
School, New Mexico.
Physicians' conference— Dr. C. C.
Wa-inright, San Jacinto, Cal.
Classes ! in cooking will be conducted by-
Mrs. Emily L. Johnson, Haskell Institute,
Lawrancn, Kane. . J
Classes in sewing and neeJlework will be
conducted by— Mrs. Bertha Canfield, Phoenix,
Ariz.
Tailoring and dressmaking systems will be
demonstrated.
Lessons In nursing will be conducted by—
-Mrs. 1". C. H. Paul of the lilinuis Training
Scl 1 f'>r Nurses. Victor, <'al.; Mrs. Annie M.
fciayre, Zia Pueblo, Jemes P. 0.. New Mexico.
MISS ESTELLE REEL.
Woman Educator Who May Become
Wyoming's Governor.
Miss Etetelle Reel of Wyoming, who wa3
appointed Supe rintendent of Indian Schools
by President McKlnley, has a personality
and a career well calculated to give joy
to the man- or woman who is hopeful for
the future of the gentler sex. Miss Reel
is the kind of woman voter and woman
reformer to which the equal suffragist of
either sex delights to point. Pretty, gen
tle, educated, broad-minded, progressive,
she is possessed of a healthy egotism that
stands up for its own rights, while it is
never forgotful of the rights of others.
The new Indian School Superintendent is
first of all amply able to fill this Impor
tant government post.
It must be remembered that woman suf
frage is no bizarre idea in the upland
country of Wyoming, where the breezes
blow fresh and the men are more honest
than they are in the Eastern cities and at
low elevations. In Wyoming a woman is
regarded as capable of being as sensible,
as wise :m<l as learned as a man. The
idea of woman's equality may be said to
be organic there. That is why Miss Reel
is si widely admired and why she has so
much Influence.
That fact, too, explains why the people
Of Wyoming have seriously considered
Miss Keel for their Governor. Two years
ago she had a grand boom for the nomin
ation for Governor of Wyoming. That is
t" say, her friends then laid plans for her
nomination during the approaching fall.
Ir 1896 Miss Reel was ineligible for the
position of Governor of Wyoming. The
Governor must be at leasi 30, and at that
tim.- Miss Heel was only L'P. Sh>' has now
the age qualification and her friend.s be
lieve she has all the other qualifications
as well. But Miss Reel herself takes a
sensible view of the mutter. She disclaims
the ability to manage the affairs of a
State as well as the best man that Wyom
ing can find. She says that she does not
desire to be Governor. According to her.
the women of Wyoming (who poll half the
vote of the State, by the way) will be
satisfied with one of the six State offices
fi «r some time to come. This Is the office
of State Superintendent of Public In
struction.
Miss Reel prepared herself for the pro
f. ~sicn of an educator in the schools of
Chicago, St. Louis and Boston. She did
no little work in that line in Chicago be
fore coming West to grow up with the
country. She began her career in Chey
enne »k a teacher In one of the public
schools there, and her talent brought her
rapidly to the top. She was promoted
first to be the Superintendent of Instru •
tion for Laraxnie County — the most im
portant under-position of its kind in the
State. For foui years she filled that posi
tion admirably. Then she was made Stata
Superintendent, and now she is given the
highly Important post of Superintendent
of Indian Schools.
In her capacity as Superintendent of fr>
stri:eti< n f«>r Wyoming Miss Reel has hell
the r.x tiflßciO position of secretary of tne
Ht.tti> Board Of Charities. The duties of
th ; s board ait to conserve the State chir
[tnble and penal institutions. She has also
served ex-ofßcic as secretary of the State
Land Board, which has charge of the
grants of land made to the State by Con
gress. Miss Reel has been very active :n
the matter of this land, and has fathere'l
several plans for its utilization. As sem
inary and register of the board she har
distributed several hundreds of thousinds
of dollars, received ns rent from public
lands, among the charitable and educa
tional ins-Miutlons of the State. When she
became register the office was paying into
the State treasury about $100 per Veek;
In the course of a year or two she had
brought the returns up to $1000 per week.
OBDONTUNDER!
Painless Extraction, ■wSjsljßsfalJiiPfy
Sfflß^w@^|^^P Filling and Treat- W%fttSjg^
1^ ment of Teeth.
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity-
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have' been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file In our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protected
against these fakers. For the purpose of introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to Induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR 90
DAYS, commencing June 17.
EXTRACTION 25c: CROWNS, H2.00 to SIO.OO:
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c: PLATES. *3.00 to 512.50:
FILLINGS, 25c: REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK. $3.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L.WALSH, 8155 GEARY ST., Bet. Hyde and Larkin.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. HP^
Friends of the Indian
Gather in His
Bebalf.
Judging by her past work Miss Reel will
accomplish much good in her new and
trying Jield.
Such has been the public life of the
new Indian School Superintendent. It is
a certainty that these Institutions will
profit by contact with her active mind
find her large sense of duty. She will
shake things about wherever she goes,
and if there Is anything wrong with the
Indian schools she will seek out the cause
and never rest until the evil shall have
been remedied.
Miss Reel believes the Tndians capable
of great development. The Government
is doing great things for them in the 500
scl Is s«-t apart for their use. Of tlr>
E 100 Indians in th^ United States oO.oO.)
are of school age. What is needed most
is manual training, nn>l it is needed in
every grade of the schools. Miss Reel is
now introducing this feature of work. In
talking of Indian schools Miss Reel said:
••The Carlisle school In Pennsylvania and
the Haskell school in Kansas are the best
known Indian institutions. Their grad
uates make good m<-n and women, and
they do not return to the blanket after
being graduated, as has been said. There
may be a few sucb cases, but statistics
show that 78 per cent of the graduates
make good use of their knowledge."
APPORTIONMENT OF
STATE SCHOOL MONEYS
Schedule as Announced by Superin
tendent of Public In
struction Kirk.
SACRAMENTO, July 10.— State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction Kirk has
made the following apportionment of the
State school moneys to the several coun
ties:
Total number of census children between 5
and 17 years of age entitled to receive school
money 347,624; amount per child, $2 97; amount
apportioned, $1,032,443 28; amount unapportioned,
$3310 £9- .
o° &
3 2 =
3 - g
; si
»
||
O "
3
I
Alameda
Alpine ...'...
Amador
Butte
Calaveras
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del Norte
Xl Dorado
Fret- no
i Glenn !
'< Ilumboldt
i Inyo
| Kern
1 Kings
I Lake
I-as^en
Los Anf?ele3
Madera
Marin !
Mariposa
Mendoclno '. :
Merced
Modoc
Mono
Monterey
Napa
Nevada •
Orange
Placer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento
San Benito
San Bernardino
San Diego
San Francisco
San Joaquin
Pan Luis* Obispo
San Mateo
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara
Santa Cruz
Shasta
Sierra
Sisklyou
Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tehama
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
Yolo
Yuba
29,556
S9
2.948
4.269
2,858
2,143
4,003
583
2.272
7,769
1.328
6.654
999
3.319
2.429
1,598
1,156
42,043
1.462
2.592
1,134
4,948
2,041
1.465
362
5,646
8,549
4,131
5,429
3,422
1,002
4.710
8,683
2,136
6,528
8,504
76.236
7.520
5,885
3.111
4,994
14.452
5,431
4,120
831
3.498
4.726
9.107
2,313
1.259
2,738
771
5,471
2.144
4.082
3.389
2,026
$57,751 32
26 33
8.766 56
12.67S 93
8.488 26
6,364 71
11,888 91
1,731 51
6.747 84
23.073 93
3,944 16
19,762 38
2.967 03
9.837 43
7.214 13
4.746 06
3.433 32
124.867 71
4.342 14
8.559 24
3.367 98
14,695 56
6,061 77
4.351 05
1.075 14
16.471 62
10.540 53
12,269 07
16.124 13
10.163 34
2,975 94
13.958 70
25.758 51
6.343 92
19,888 16
25.256 88
126.420 92
22,334 40
15,993 45
9,239 67
14,832 18
43.011 54
l«, 130 07
12,236 40
2.468 07
10 389 06
14.036 22
27.047 79
6.569 61
3,828 33
8.131 86
2.289 87
J6.24S 87
•6,387 68
12,123 54
10.065 33
6,017 22
Totals
347.624
$1,032,443 2S
DUMDUM BULLETS FOE, BOERS.
Are Being Supplied to English
Troops in South Africa.
LONDON, July 10.— The T'nder Secre
tary of State for the War Office, George
Wyndham, replying to a question of Mi
chael Davitt. Irish Nationalist, in the
House "t" Commons to-day, acknowledged
that hullets similar to the dumdum bul
lets which were condemned at The Hague
peace conference, were being supplied to
the British troops in South Africa. The
statement was greeted with loud Irish
cries of "Shame!"
TREMENDOUS
DEMAND FOR
MUNYON'SINBALER.
NEARLY A MILLION SOLD !
Over 50,000 en the Pacific Coast— Con-
sumptives hires it because it <>ivss almost
immediate relief— -atarrh sufferers do-
clare that It cures them In a few days—
Cough and colds healed almost Imme-
diately.
t>g|jp&a CURES
i§*'^G rft CATARRH,
~jßsb#3&^ Colds, Coughs,
Q&WiMp Hay Fever,
I2il&iJraifc Bronchitis,
t*Wrt&SM&\ Asthma and all
Zf \^y^f\ Diseases of
ffi/Z/\\) the Throat and
At all druggists' or mailed to any ad-
dress. Price $i, with everything com-
plete.
It reaches the sore spots.
It heals the raw spots.
It goes to the seat of the disease.
It penetrates obscure places where drugs
taken in the stomach cannot reach.
It acts as a balm and tonic to the whole
system.
Write Prof. Munyon. 1505 Arch »t.. Philadel-
phia, for free -medical advice on any disease.
f^^^J^J^ A N b t a
V\ &00&>«£r ™* TUMORS CURED
J ) oW^i^^t^ No KNIFE or PAIN
r^^^li^^^^^ a^ No Pay unt "
fe#^s^^4v3J3 woman's breast Is
yam'S When ihe cancer
*,p armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hava Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
$10 Invested
Has Often Made
$1000
In OH.
""■■- • *'■}•-
THE CALIFORNIA FIELDS ARE
rivaling those of the world as fortune
makers for the lucky investors.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Company,
323 PARROTT BUILDING.
Has a perfect title to 2160 acres of fully
tested oil-bearing lands In this wonderful
belt.
5000 shares of the Treasury stock will be
offered for a few days at
$3 PER SHARE.
This stock will certainly advance quickly.
GET IN ON THE GROUND FLOOR.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
' At Auction!
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY ...JULY 11,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East Bide (No. 2939 to 2343H) Mission at.. 85
feet north of Twenty-sixth st. ; lot 65x115 feat: 2
stores and flats above on Mission st. and house
on Lilac aye.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. INVESTMENT.
South side (No. 1115) Golden Gate aye., 192:8
feet east of Webster St.; lot 27:6x137:6 feet; 2
flats of 5 and 4 rooms and cottage of S rooms.
FOLSOM-ST. LOTS.
East aide Folsom'st., 25 feet north of Thir-
teenth; lot 50x80; 2 elegant lots almost In th»
center of the city.
MISSION HOME.
West side (No. 2652) Harrison at., 235 feet
south of Twenty-second; lot 25x122:6 feet; well-
built house, 7 rooms, bath and stable.
ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE.
Southeast corner (No. 32-45) of Bartlett . and
Twenty-first st*>. ; elegant modern residence of
9 rooms and bath.
COZY MODERN HOME.
•West «ide (No. 20) Diamond St.. ' 198:2 feet
south of Seventeenth; lot 24:10x125 feet; modern
2-story house of 6 rooms and, bath.
MISSION COTTAGE.
North Bide (BSS) Richland aye., 775 feet ea«t
of South aye.; lot 25x100 feet; cozy cottage of 5
rooms.
J4TH-ST. BUILDING LOTS. ..
North side Twenty-fourth St.. 280 feet west of
Castro; 4CX.114 each: 2 large nice building lots in
nice residence district-
SUNNY CORNER.
Northeast corner Army and Dolores st«. ; nice
lot ready for building; 25x76 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 62S Market st.
g^^DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
|p«BjHg3§ Five hundred reward for any
O™» • aiß jfi] case we cannot cure. This secret
J3^ U remedy stops all losses In 24
KB WK hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
|yl|S. WTni tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
WSH KSH Gleet. Fits Strictures, Lost
«S_3BE Manhood and all wasting effects
Wniir "-ran of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
i STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073 Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
NOTICE.
| Assessment Book of Real and Per-
. sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OP
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, City Hall building, second door, July
4. 1899. • •
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
San Francisco, for the year 1899. has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Cleric of the
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
i books end statements, and will be open for ex-
! amination In this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
j 4 o'clock p. m.. and that said Board of Super-
I visors met to examine the Assessment Book
' and equalize the assessment of property therein.
i on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 3, 1899. at 2
o'clock, and will thereafter continue in session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them Is disposed of, but not
later than the 17th day of July, 1599.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given, that in accordance
with sections 1897. 1899 and 3654 of the Political
i Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
i livered, over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
t WnDr -Gffl-'SLOQ' Year
34
SAVERS' CRUSADE
AGAINST TRUSTS
Many Letters of Ap
proval Received.
LEE FAVORS CONFERENCE
SOUTH DAKOTA'S EXECUTIVE IS
AGAINST COMBINATIONS.
Attorneys General of Several States
Also Approve of the Meeting
to Be Held in St. Louis
Next September.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 10.— The interest in
the proposed anti-trust conference of the
rnora and Attorneys General of the
several States, to be held in St. Louis,
mber 20, is growing. Govern' r Sav
ers to-day recei\ r from Governor
Andrew E. Lee of South Dakota stating
that h^ will attend the conference, if it
is possible for him to absent himself from
H•■ says:
"1 believe the. movement Is an excellent
one, for It will take the united effort of
at lea-st a majority of the States, if we
..1 in counteracting the
evil of the gigantic combinations that are
being form are being constantly
multiplied. It is our duty to try, by
every honorable means possible, to subju
gate these monopolies. If their absolute
rol cannot be accomplished by legis
lation, in my opinion the only remaining
remedy is Government ownership of
transportation and other industries that
are i manipulai V B -?'"
tallsts directly against th t - interest of the
es."
Attorney General Smith has received
letters Indorsing the proposed conf
.. it to bi accom]
by it from the Attorneys General of
nrl, Arkansas, Kansas, Indiana and
-
rney General David M. Campbell of
Colorado wi
"If there is any one thing that these
Western States at this time arc more In
'l In than any other it is to .
tect the rights and i : the ; -
rainst the ■ ment of thi
sumed rights of trusts and monopolies.
I am heartily in favor o
ment of a national anti-trust organiza
tion, making it a clus.- organization and
ling Its branches to every city, i:iT'>
md every town In every
In this Unii m, so i ompletely bi
together that the class of our
comm . who live more fn>m their
■■! their capital, as to abso
very ccnr< a trust
or monopoly which exists for th< purpose
of pr< the people. I do not share
in the belief that the primary object of
rmation of trusts is for the purpose
of reducing the cost of production, hut I
am 'irmly of the belief that the underly
principle in the establishment of
trusts is to compel the people, by its
da and dictates, to lie trembling at
its feet until they deUver up their prop
■ heir liberty inch
h untii a few trusts or combinations
will own the property of the people, con
trol the politics of tne Government and
mete citizen only such drops of
liberty as will quench hi? thirst a?: :
Isfy him for the time being. I believe the
safest plan to pursue Is that of a national
organization."
SWEETHEARTS YEARS AGO.
Wedding Follows a Meeting After a
Long Separation.
WOODLAND, July V\— Charles Wesley
Alexander of Williams and Mrs. Emily
Atkinson of Berkeley were ciuletly mar
ried here on Sunday evening.
The union was the happy culmination of
an interesting romance. Alexander re
arrived from the East and engaged
in fanning near Williams. Years ago,
■when Mrs. Atkinson was also a r<-
of the East, she and Alexander wen
ixts. Relatlv* - • .
such ■ • • -lions to their mar
riage that they finally drifted apart.
A'.'.. nt a week ago Mrs. Atkinson left her
home ( .n East Berkeley and went to Wil
liams to visit with relatives. There sh^
ni.-t Alexander, the old flame was rekin
dled and they decided to be married at
once and without consulting anybody.
They came to Woodland, obtained a li
cense and the marriage was solemnized.
BOULDER MINE SUSPENDS.
Idleness Rendered Necessary by the ;
Lack of Water.
PLACERVILLB, July 10.— Between for
ty ami fifty ini-r were laid off at the |
Boulder mine on Webbi r Creek yesterday.
The suspension was caused by inability ;
to obtain water to operate the thirty
stamp mill at the mine. The water supply
on the Gold Hill branch of the El Dorado
i i'nr the next three
months by the farmers and horticulturists
in that vicinity. The mine is the property
of Welman Bros.
A ten-stamp mill is being erected at the .
Cambrian mine, Gold Hill district. This;
property v. is purchased about one year 1
ag'i by Colorado capitalists, who hay
since done a great deal of development
v/ork on the property.
DEATH IN FLAMES.
Shocking Fate of Mrs. M. D. Majors j
of Davisville.
WOODLAND, July 10.— A shocking acci
• ■! in Davisville to-day, result- !
ing in the death of Mrs. M. D. Majors.
if an old resident. Mr. Majors was
not at home at the time. Mrs. Majors
was washing and In some way her cloth-!
LUght fiii'. She ran into the yard
c h^lp arrived nearly all her ,
clothing was burned. Her body in many '
literally rooked. Sho lingered
In great agony until 4 o'clork this after
noon, when death relieved her. Only two
children were with the unfortunate wo
man at the tim and both of tho^e are \
helpless with Bpinal disease.
No Fair at Woodland.
WOODLAND. July in.— The directors of i
grlcultural society have about de- i
elded to hold no fair this season. During
the delay in organizing the district and in
the appointment of directors the dates
given to Woodland were as- i
signed to Onklanu. The intention is to
use .'ill the appropriation mafi" for both
years in 1900 and to make the fair the best
over held in any district in the .Sacra
mento Valley.
Wheat Destroyed by Fire.
WOODLAND. July 10.— A grain field fire ;
near Cacheville en Sunday evening de
stroyed twenty-two acres of finp wheat
belonging to C. B. St. Louis. Fortunately
there was no wind .it the time, otherwise
the loss would have been very serious.
The fire is supposed to have started from
a i igar or cigarette stump thrown by '
sumo careless smoker.
Death of Samuel Kay.
MARYSVTI.i.K, July 10.— Samuel Kay, -a
pioneer resident of this county, died at his
home in Mooney Flat to-day of Brlghfs
disease. He was a member of the Odd
Fellows' lodge of this city, under the aus
pices of which society he will be buried.
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
COEUR D'ALENE
OFFICERS OUSTED
Decision Against Sheriff [
and Commissioners.
JUDGE STEWART'S RULING
HOLDS THAT THE CHARGES
HAVE BEEN PROVED.
; Close Guard Kept Upon the Jurors
Now Trying the Case of Paul
Corcoran on a Charge of
Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 10.— Judge Stew- j
I art this morning- rendered his opinion In ;
' the actions brought by the Attorney- Gen- ;
■ eral for the removal of the County Com- ;
: nilssioners and Sheriff. He held that the i
charges had been proved to his sausfac
tion, and ordered their removal from of
fice. There were a number of charges
against the Commissioners, the chief
anmng: which was that of approving the
official bond of the Sheriff and that of the
Tax Collector in a sum less than that pro
vided by law. A few of the sureties on '
these bonds did not appear upon the as
sessment roll, and some had allowed their '
; taxes to become delinquent. In each case ;
legally qualified sureties were upon the
loads for more than the amount required
by law, but the court held that the suro
tlea must qualify In double the amount.
required, and that therefore the Commis-
B had not performed their duty in
accepting the bonds. There were several
other charges but they were of a trivial .
nature.
Judge Stewart rendered a lengthy opin
lon, i ov< ring eighteen pages of type-writ
ten matter. In the case against the Sheriff
. the charge was failure to prevent the. riot
' uf April 29 and refusing to Identify par
ticipants therein. The Sheriff has main
tained that he was unable to recognise
any one in the mob, but the court thought
otherwise and ordered his removal from
otnee for failure to perform his duty.
The Commissioners have been allowed
the, llbertj of the town for several days,
but the Sheriff has been confined in the
Wallace jail, and is still kept there. An
appeal will be taken to the Supreme- Court
of the State.
Governor Steunenberg has been here for
several days and will at once appoint
Commissioners to till the places declared
vacant by the court. The Commissioners,
under the Idaho law, will appoint a Sher- :
Iff.
The trial of Paul Corcoran began in
earnest this afttrnoon. Acting Prosecut
ing Attorney Forney made his opening
statement to the jury before luncl
outlined the ca- State. He stated •
| that the prosecution would prove a con- |
Bpiracy on the part of the members of '
the union, acting as such organisation, .
to destroy the Bunker Hill mill and i\r { .\—
out of the country all non-union men em
: ployed by the • •■ that in pur
e of this conspiracy puna and masks
were placed In the vi lon halls In Burke,
Gem and Mullan; that on the morning
of the "lUh the union miners at Burke
repaired to their hall, where they armed
and masked and marched to the depot,
where they captured the train which took
them to Wardner; that they were met
at Gem and Wallace by delegations from
i the other unions and at Wardner by
. members of that union. Forney premised ■
' to show that the defendant was a raov
ing spirit in this conspiracy, and that he
! was one of the men who shot at Chi
for whose murder he 1b now being tried.
In the afternoon but two witnesses
wore examined, one of whom. Sheriff
, Young, refused a number of times to i
: testify on the ground that he was In the
custody of the military authorities and
I did no"t know what charge might be
1 placed against him, and that his answer
might incriminate him. He only answ< .-■ d
questions on being ordered so to do by
the court.
The other witness. Thomas Ames,
prover rather favorable to the defense,
stifled that he was a member of the
■ Wardner Miners' Union, and that h<
be< n told by certain members >>f the
union to keep away from the train on ;
the day of the riot because he cou
■ : account of a muti
lated hand.
On cross-examination he said that the
Instructions of the officers of the union
! were never to destroy property or molest
i any one and that he knew nothing of any
contemplated riot, and did not believe
■ any member of the Wardner union knew
i of'it. Witness did not go to the scene
i of the disturbance and had no personal
I knowledge. He also testified that he had
been discharged by the Bunker Hill Com
' pany because he was a union miner.
Bedfl have been placed in a hall adjoin
ing the courtroom for the jury, who are
i not allowed to receive papers or letters |
i or speak to any one without permission j
from the court. The trial cannot be
finished short of ten days.
TO TEACH AT STANFORD.
Introduction of Two New Courses of
Study.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 10.—
'Die following two announcements in re
gard to courses that will be given at
Stanford University next year were made
from the office of the president to-day:
Rev. Charles R. Brown of the First Con
gregational Church of Oakland will give
a course of lectures on "The Ethics of
Christ" at 1:30 p. m. each Monday after
noon during the second semester of the
year Dr. Brown was recently offered
the chair of personal ethics at Stanford
by President David Starr Jordan, but his
Oakland congregation finally persuaded
him to remain with it. This course on
"The Ethics of Christ" will afford a fine
opportunity, however, for the Stanford
students to become acquainted with Dr.
Brown.
Professor Henry Harrison Haynes. in
structor In Semitic languages in the
Divinity School at San Mateo, will give a
course "in Hebrew at the university three
days a week throughout the year. Mr.
Haynea has taken the degrees of master
of arts and bachelor of sacred theology
and was this year made a doctor of
philosophy by Harvard University. His
principal study at Harvard was Semitic
philology and his doctor's dissertation
was entitled "The Sabaean Inscription
Glaser 554."
INJECTED INTO THE BRAIN.
Anti-Toxin Serum Used to Save a
Patient's Life.
NEW YORK. July 10.— Anti-toxin serum
was injected into a man's brain at Pas
sai . N. J.. at the general hospital late
this afternoon to save his life. The pa
tient, who was attacked by tetanus, Is
Joseph A. Grotsky, a lawyer and Justice
of the Peace of I'a.ssaic. He was injured
on July 4 while shooting off blank cart
ridges. One of the charges entered the
palm of his left hand, inflicting severe
wounds. Blood-poisoning developed on
Saturday and lockjaw set in early on
Monday morning. The doctors hope to
sav<> his life. The first patient to be in
oculated with scrum in this country was
operated on in the general hospital at
Passaic a year ago and recovered. He
was A. M. Hemion.
Love Pleads Not Guilty.
MARYSVILLE, July 10.— The arraign
ment of H. H. Love, the Palermo mer
chant, charged by the District Attorney
of this county with having presented false
and fraudulent claims to the Board Of Su
pervisors for exporting the books and ac
counts of county officers under the direc
tion of the Grand Jury, took place in the
Superior Court to-day. After Judge Davis
had denied a motion to qr.ash the infor
mation and overruled a demurrer inter
posed on general grounds, Love entered a
plea of not guilty. The case was set for
trial on Monday, September 18.
Marysville Resident Dying.
MARYSVILLE. July 10.— Word has been
received from San Francsico that N.
Schneider of this city is lying at the point
of death at his temporary abode in the
metropolis. His friends are prepared for
the worst. Hlb ailment ia heart disease.
THE SAX FRAIS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899
FRANKLY ADMITS
A GRAVE ERROR
Captain Watkinsand the
Wreck of the Paris.
MISTAKE IN CALCULATION
MENTIONS LONG SEA SERVICE
IN HIS REPORT.
The United States Local Inspectors
at New York Refuse to Accept
the Excuse and Suspend
Him for Two Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The report of
Captain Watkins of the stranding of the
American steamship Paris was made pub
lic to-day by the local Board of Steam
boat Inspectors. Captain Watkins makes
no attempt to evade responsibility for th.c
accident, but on the contrary says frank
ly that the stranding of the. ship. was the
result of an unaccountable error on his
part. The accident, he says, was not
due to any want of thought or anxiety
about his vessel, but resulted from a mis
take he made in calculating the position
of the ship.
The local inspectors have suspended
Captain Watkins' license as master of
ocean steamers for two years.
Captain Watkins Is still in charge of the
Paris and is acting in the interests of
the underwriters, to whom the ship was
turned over by the American line offi
cials.
Captain Watkins' report was made un
der oath. After reciting the incidents at
tending the striking of the vessel, the
rescue of the passengers and crew, the
saving of the valuable cargo and the sub
sequent efforts to tloat the steamship, the
captain says:
"I regret to say that the casualty was
owing to an unaccountable error on my
It is about 131 miles from Cape La
Hogue to the Lizard, and the run be
tween these points I calculated occupied
urs and forty-five minutes. Unfort
unately, I reckoned the time on this basis,
for coming up with the Lizard from 7:35 '
a. in., when abeam of the Casquets. in
stead of from 7::: S. when abeam of Cape
La I. gue, and the vessel was thus, really
eighteen miles ahead of the position I
■'■ting upon. In additi"n. the thick
A "'844
<sflr ' ' -—^Wa>wsHKM?W» - ijjM
PALE. WEAK. NERVOUS, OR EMACI-
ATED? If so, you are anaemic— you may ■
cc Into decline. Anaemia is often a forerunner ,
of consumption. HUDYAN will cure you.
Know for yourself your condition: Headaches
Fie. 1. sunken eyes and dark circles under eyes
Fig. 2. emaciation and paleness Fig. 3. coated
tongue Fin. 4. palpitation of heart Fig. I. dis- !
ordered digestion Fig 6, torpid liver Fig. 7, !
weakness of extremities Fig. 8-S; all these j
symptoms Indicate anaemia.
"HUDYAN reaches Fig. 1, because it relieves
the congestion or anaemia of brain.
Fig. 2 and' 3, because HUDYAN makes rich,
red blood, which in turn gives muscle and a
glow of health.
Fie. 4, because HUDYAN corrects the diges- i
tive functions.
Fig. 5, because HUDYAN tranqulllzes the
nerves that govern action of heart.
Fig. 6. because HUDYAN strengthens and
stimulates to perfect action the little glands
that furnish the digestive juices.
Fig. 7. because HUDYAN stimulates the liver 1
gently.
Fig. 8, because HUDYAN establishes a per-
fect circulation of blood that Is rich in nutri-
tive elements.
HUDYAN Is for
"♦ "■">■ men and women. If
I MEN AND you observe any of
I \A/OMf-"N * he above symptoms,
1 ADVISED then take » ! "VAX. ■
FREE for « i:dyan will
I Call or Write. i "hI'DYAN Is for sale
-f "♦" by druggists — 80c a
package, or six packages for 12 50. _ m _ A ,.,
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors About
Your Case Free of Charge. Call or Write.
I m%.%. JORDAN'S great?
, V!S!T DR JORDAN'S GREATi
'MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A Ch 10SlUABKTET-t6'..6*Ji*7tli,S.r.Cal. A ■
T qT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
, , _~M Wof4d WaskocSMS or *ny c..mrarte ( l i I
9 jK3iMB s P c:1 ' c »"' ton the Est. 36 the oldesl 0
I 1 JkS Ml bpcualist on the CoMt. hit. 36 yeart 9
A fl§?f I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
X ■ (CoRIS Conciliation free and strirtly private. \ .
l\ bxSWtl TrMiniem personally m by letter. Ail i
\B It °\ 8 Positive Cure ill every case undertaken. T j
Am II tl& Write for Boole. PHILOSOPHY of A
Q I I \yi m4rria<;i:, mailed fkue. (AT
1 I II valuable boole for mm) A
f UK JORDAN A ♦'«».. 1051 Market St., K. F. ¥
000000000000000000
%*!•.? PALACE "-"-Pi
%GRAND mmkM-%
JL SAN F«fl/VC/SCO. q
" Connected by a coverp'l passageway. "*
® 1400 Room?— 900 w: h 3ath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICKS: O
O European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward ©
rt American Plan.7S.OO per day and upward rt
W Correspondence Solicited. V
O JOHN 0. EIKEFATBIOS. Manager. O
000 000000000000 090
DR. ABORN,
EYE, EAR, CATARRH, ASTHMA AND LUNG
SPECIALIST.
OV3H THIRTY YEARS' PRACTICE.
His Inhalation, Building Up and Vitalizing
Treatment Give Instant Relief and Cure when
ordinary methods fail. Aborn's Essay on the
Curability of Consumption, with evidences of
some extraordinary cures, can be had upon
application.
OFFICE and RESIDENCE, 554 SUTTER
STREET, bet. \ Powell and Mason, San Fran-
cisco. HOURS— 9:3O to 12 and 2 to 4.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invlgorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits. .
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market street; S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR. CROSSIYIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Stricture*
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. \
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
. — •
Wrist's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to our*
BICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Btomacb. Pim-
ples and purify th* blood.
weather over the land had obscured the
Lizard lights. I attribute the stranding
j to the above cause and take upon myself
the full responsibility for it."
Captain Watkins makes a statement of
his sea si rvice since 1851, during which
; time he has crossed the Atlantic nearly
j SUO times, and of his record as navigating
I officer of the Paris (cruiser Yale) during
, the war with Spain, and continues:
"I have thought it right to place these
j particulars before you in the hope that
you will take into consideration a long
and responsible seafaring career, during
which I believe I have throughout held
the perfect confidence of my employers.
The accident was not due to any want of
thought or anxiety about my vessel or her
j safety, but arose purely from the mistake
I I made in making my calculations above
1 described."
The report of the Vnited States Local
Inspectors, Messrs. Barrett and Petrie,
says: "We have carefully read the report
! made by Captain Watkins, in which Cap
i tain Watkins takes the entire responsibil
! ity of the disaster upon himself in making
; a mistake in the time when he passed the
1 Casquets and thereby overrunning dis-
I tance. We find that the report Is very
I meager in details, inasmuch as he merely
states that he made a mistake, taking his
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR, i
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- '
surpasped; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS ;
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and \
Danclr.g Hall in Lake County, together with j
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses :
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives; i
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet. j
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco '
via Hopland, $S: via Callatcga, $3.
H-.tr-l and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week. ,
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or «
S. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated- pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIG.
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal., or see |
L. l>. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
a iC £Hl | jL.lCiv S b
iiNc^ White !
BM^mm Dome
T3 PLAINLY SEEN FROM THE SCN M
,-• parlor or HOTEL VENDOME, i» the D
coeat Jocks toward Mount E&mUlon orer M
ike t>ro*(}' eipin»6 of i alley and foothills B .
cor<r«(l with frajt, flowers and Cowing H
grain. YEN DOME is the j>:e&so,-e-»eeke»/ Q
come. 13&T6 you BeeaL-'.ck?  H
! GEO. P. B.NELL. HgT.. San Jose. P
SKAGGS'HDTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4H HOURS
from San Francisco and but 0 miles' stag- ,
Ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best ;
natural bath in State; swimming and boating: i
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph dally mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30
a m. or 3:20 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a.
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
..../ETNA SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over,
Till jEtna did their hopes fullfll,
And there they lived in clover.
Apply W L. MITCHELL, Manager, Aetna
Springs. Napa County, or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' bldg., S. F. ; telephone Mint 1835.
_ , — — -j
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dre«s J. B. PEAKE3, Proprietor,
I. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
is located In the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric light?, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL t AM-
pie accommodations In Hotel; also in new
cottages, just completed.
MRS. f\. T. /VIOOR*^.
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND RUS-
slan River, 2>- miles from Guerneyllle.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms. %i per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guernevllle. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, Cal.)
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a first-class summer and winter
resort. For particulars apply to the manager. j
Round trip only $2 60 on narrow-gauge route.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT; ELECTRIC CARS
I to beach. MRS. A. POPE. Santa Cruz. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING, HUNTING, BATHING;
fresh milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms. $7. .E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale,
Cal. Free carriage. •
departure from Cape Lra Hogue at 7:38,
when he was actually abreast of the Cas
nuets at that time, a distance of about
sixteen and one-half miles. This of course
would put him sixteen and one-half miles
ahead of his reckoning, but would not ac
count for his In ing set into the northward
of his course seven miles, allowing his in
tention to pass the Lizard at a distance of
three miles. As Captain "\Vatkins does
not make any mention of making allow
ance for tide, we are of the opinion he had
not taken that matter into consideration,
whereas, when he approached the English
coast he must have encountered the flood
tide on his port bow, setting him toward
the land. In addition to this he makes no
mention of having used his lead and he
only discovered it was thick over the land
when the ship was ashore.
"Giving all due consideration to these
matters, we are of the opinion that Cap
tain "Watkins has not acted with the ne
cessary care and attention requisite in the
navigation of his vessel which a master
should have used and we therefore sus
pend his license as master for ocean
steamers for a period of two years."
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— A postofflce
|i Paso Robles
i; (Pass of the Oaks).
1 The curative mineral and
! mud baths of Paso Robles
[ have gained a world-wide
i| reputation.
j' Hotel Paso Robles is one
i| of the handsomest on the
!' coast.
1 Every modern conveni-
! ence. Pullman car to
\ the door. i 1
!| Write for book that tells I
j about the mud baths and j>
i| what they cure. Write ij
ji for rates. !'
, {
( ' Otto E. Kcnrer, Prop., City Office, i
i 1 Paso Robles, Cal. 638 Market st. i,
s-\j~KJ~ i Lj~yJ~> AAT-fVL f~i_r~i-«'"Lj-">-j'~ i — r^_r~i_r"<_»~i_i~i_r~i_r**— T'uf"'
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAM f INC RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS, SHASTA SPRINGS,
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office, 618 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
1% ■ I 1! fl IA A HOT SPRINGS. — This
Vft It H INT I I beautiful summer and
rlf fit! H I 11 1 1 winter resort, now
I IB ail V.V owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of hi? guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in th» Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip, $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT, M.D., Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. S3B Sutter st., S. F.
YRON HOT SPRINGS I
Contra Costa County, Cal.
These Hot Mineral Baths are th«
only known cure for Rheumatism. ,
Take the 9 a.m. or 5:30 p.m. train*,
foot of Market street.
LOMBARD&CO,, Agents,
Room 30. 22'j Geary St.. S. F. -;:■■■>
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved —
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
ing. Trains leave Third and Townsend sts., S.
F.. at 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS,
THREE MILES FROM URIAH, MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. C. REDEMEYER & CO., Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Snmm«r.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, In the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
C k\i\ CD in Most beautiful spot In Lake
tAnLJUAi; County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all else i
failed, especially In stomach, • liver, kidney and ;
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN,
Carlsbad. Lake County.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing; artificial lake for boating and swim-
ming; long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets. $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood.
Cal. . -j ■'-'•':■■ ■-'+>
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. 8. F.. for
particulars. -
was to-day established at Tejon. Kern
County, and James V. Rosemyre ap
pointed postmaster. Edward B. Partridge
was to-day appointed postmaster at aen
ton. Mono County, vice T. Claussen. re
moved. .
Pensions : Calif ornia— Original— Daniel
Frazer. Hanford, 16; Robert H. Elliott.
Soldiers 1 Home, Los Angeles. $8; Merntt
W Eimore, Santa Rosa, $H; George Hill,
■\lameda, $8; Joseph Sopher, San Fran
cisco $6: John W. Miller, Ferndale. $S:
Alexander Stevens, Eneinitas, $S. In
crease—William D. Ewer, Los Gatos, $8
to $io Robert "W. Benaw, Georgetown,
18 to $12 Original widows, etc.— Mary EL
Sheppard, San Francisco, g; Mary Cam
eron San Francisco, $8; Mary Paulson,
San Francisco, $?. Mexican "\\ ar widow—
Friederike Weniger. Vallejo, $S.
Washington— Original— Henry H. Llnd
sev, Spokane. $12: Solomon Leighton,
Bard 56; Edward D. Elliott. Port An
geles! $S. Original widow's. etc.-Catha
rine L. Neiman, Tacoma. $8; Theodore K.
Hall, Medical Lake, $20.
Power Plant to Be Moved.
MARYSVII/LK. July 10.-Two hundred
men are expected to arrive from San
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
8% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 j
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS. Agents. 681 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
For your summer outing. ,
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Th. Plae« for HDPU A D < nL a TT t F( I O T"
RESTand ORCHARD™^.
HEALTH _ SPRINGS -2SBS.
k -' X "•»■»•* V»k-» th« C. P.RR
Plain Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Addreti Orchard Spring! , Chicago Park, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur. Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$» to |12 a week. Round trip, $3 7.".. Stage
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE *
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GMTOS.
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING; HAND-
some furniture; 60 outside rooms; every
modern convenience; electric bells and lighting;
perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
sample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs; baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. $11 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished 5-room cottages; good boat-
Ing, fishing and hunting; finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases In America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel, 1021 V. Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
6AMUF.L SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY,
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
County, 20 miles east of St. Helens. The water
is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery: mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
t 'HS.n A ,I J Sg
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY-A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience,
In and out doer sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
ißeswlck, Slsklyou County. Cal.)
FINEST FISHING and HEALTH resort
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. 0. .
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT $»'*{ . §£&
and Pine Forests, Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healthful spot. Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties of fruit. Terms. $7 per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER, Napa P. O.
THE HOYA retreat g™S? Ir *? A
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. Gilroy,
Cal. ■
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
ON N. P. C. R. R., THE PLACE TO GO
for summer; board or camp cottages; Sun-
day excursions, $1. For ! circulars address H.
G. MARTIN, Camp Taylor, Cal. ' . .
Francisco to-morrow to work at making
leading to the m w site of the Tuba
ri,-, trie I'ower Company a lisrht and pow
«Tr olant at Dobbins ranch, forty milf.-i
' ' here On account of trouble experi
enced with flumes and ditches in the foot
hilN la«t winter the company is forced to
move its plant to a higher point in the
mountains and must have rood roads
tn?oS*h the hills to accomplish that end.
Because of the heat many men have quit
work.
Wed at Maiysville.
MARYSVILLE. July 10--I«"*c A Cun
ningham of Seattle and Miss May Albert
of Brownsville, this county, were married
at the home of the bride's cousin, Mrs.
r W Emerson, in this city last night
Rev CJ Chase of the Methodist church
Ued-the nuptial knot and the couple have
gone to Brownsville to reside.
Given away with each cash want at/rtr
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten cohrs. size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK, 808-
-ton or Intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH. NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic Una
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER, NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER, BERKSHIRE!
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the Interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabaah. The Wabash is
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
ducks. White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because it is the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for illus-
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and
Sea" R. C. CLINK.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabnsh R. R.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, bSftty.
Up In ths mountains near the lakes,
and In the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train yia Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP $0.50
J. Martens, prop. city office, 416 Pine st.
ISM I SB ERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACFI
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBBRO
REPORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return for $Z5 cash, by Yosemite and Ray-
mond Carriage Line. Limited. Address A. li.
VAN CAMPEN, Raymond. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor.
HOTEL BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES. LAKEPORT, CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion, Sox
♦0; fronts lake 200 ft.; line bowling alley an.i
shuffleboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; children's playground; good table; no Chi-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES MOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 £0. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Lake.
County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
SONOMA VALLEY. TWO HOURS FROM;
S. F., via Tiburon ferry. Warm mineral
swimming and tub baths. Water, gas, electrlo
bells. Rates $10 to $12 per week. $2 per day.
Address Aqua Caliente Springs. Aqua Callente,
Sonoma County, Cal. _li_HV
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT!
none better in Lake Co.; gas indoors and}
out. H. WAMBOLD.
MONTE VISTA,
IN THE SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
Now open. Come to the country for the sum,
mer. Low rates. Send for or call at Th»
Traveler office for Illustrated circulars. THOS.
E. MORGAN, Proprietor, Monte Vista. Dutch
Flat, Placer. County, Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Rescrts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
BOG/\ HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON"
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; puro
mountain air; free boating on lake: prices rea-
sonable, $S to $10 per week: special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
1 VfI^FIVIITF San Francisco to Chl-
: ■ V/01-.ITII 1 «-• nese by railway
; Thence by Lumsden & Co. coaches 60 mile*
, to Yosemtte Valley. Round trip $32. Single)
I fare, in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
i INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery st.San Francisco.
! FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT gSf'SSSS
i Ins spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; train
! to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630. Market.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
M RS. S. SMITH, Calistoga. Napa Co., Cal.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on %
! fruit farm 2 miles from Calistosra and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH, Calistoga, Napa Co.. Cal.
MAN2ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to fpend vacation address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen, Sonoma County, Cal.
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board.
MRS. 1.. 8., Sausallto. Cal.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting th 3
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
I mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
j for a week or longer by prepaying for sam)
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier
15 Cents....."! .'."..per Week
15 Cents pci . Week
68 Cent 5.............. .....per Month
I POSTAGE PREPAID.THE BLANKET
TICKET WILL
BE DISCARDED
Republicans Do Not
Stand for It.
BOSSES READY TO RECEDE
COUNTY COMMITTEE DOES NOT
INSIST ON ITS ADOPTION.
Deleprates Directly Representing the j
People of Each Assembly Dis
trict May Be Chosen for
the Convention.
The Election Commissioners may not
■*•! to set aside The Kelly and
Crimmins blanket scheme as an illegal ;
proposition, as it is understood that I
representatives of the Republican
bounty Committee will appear before
I to-morrow and request an
rtionment by Assembly districts. '■
It must now be clear to the promoters
blanket dodge that the'Kepub- '
a .if the city ■will not stand for it.
ting of the committee last i
Thursday evening there has been op
inity for the expression of public!
Nt on the proposal. Lawyers
i i aspects of the !
blanket m I generally reached I
:h» conclusion that the primary law:
i be strained by the recognition;
h n.
The idle talk that T». M. Burns is '
posed by the Re
publii v Committee is simply a
ly and Crimmins to use
the universal unpopularity of Burns to
further their own schemes. Burns is
.;. to the I :nd must do as
Th.' railroad managers ;
I enough to observe that the
I ■ to resist measures ■
which they openly advocate, hence they |
ntly resort to the adroit method
of outwardly supporting ft proposition
■:> r to accomplish its defeat. Burns
was not t Sacra ento by the
support of Herrin, but the hand
of the corporation was forced before
the session began, and the fact could
ncealed from the people that
Mexican was the choice of the
If Burns is now
: to a blanket ticket, as
i and Crimmins aver, the reason
. won is that he is secretly in j
athy with the scheme. Whether
t it. the influence of the
>!• xican in municipal matters is so llt
it it <uts no figure. With the as- <
■■■ Herrin he can run Gage, but
Is the sum and substance of his I
-
There will be a meeting to-day of the |
il committee of the Central Com-,;
the City Republican League.
This is the organization of which Henry
sident. The membership
of this club already embraces many j
[tizens, and the books are open j
at hea in the Grand Hotel for '.
of additional names. The i
Citizens' Republican <"iub is also dis- i
p aying energy and enrolling members.
The way Is oj en for each committee to !
organize in the Assembly districts and
re the voters the names of
st men of the city as delegates to
he municipal nominating convention
of the Republican party.
As it seems settled that the blanket
ticket containing 306 names will not K.
luced at the polls, the Republican;
rs will have the opportunity of
nteen delegates in each
bly district. The voter will
know the men on the ticket. Xo doubt
in the make-up of the ticket the claims
h precinct will be considered. If
the regular organization, known as the
n County Committee, will .
join independent organizations in sug
iegates to the convention
reputable and clean citizens an import
ant advance will be made in the direc
tion of municipal reform.
The fact demonstrated at Sacramento
during- the session of the Legislature
-, backed by the Gover
the railroad, cannot run the,
Republican party, will add materially
to th- 3 strength of the Republican
in the approaching contest for
good government. The San Francisco
„ and little, including Kelly,
Crimmins and B'lrns, together with the
md Sacramento bosses, were
■ <i :n the hardest battle ever
fought by the people of California
against the allied forces of corruption '
and bossism. In the battle for munici- ;
eform Republicans <>f San Fran
will no doubt encounter the op
position of monopolies, b..?ses and
Rogues. The vast patronage un
a charter will bring to the
hronic offli c seekers and profes
but the right kind of a
blican municipal convention will
before ti 3 of Pan Fran- j
I '-.• ■ tnposed of well-known ■
ns of character and capability. !
T'nd»r the primary law. interpreted as
its framers designed, the way is clear
f r the people to el< ct delegates to the
I g convention. It is refresh- :
that rh" Republican
■ty Committee realizes that it is I
• . iret into line. Phil Crimmins
license to run a saloon, but not
to run the Republican party.
CONSIDERATION
POSTPONED
Attorney Archibald Barnard of the
Tfr-pubHcan County Central Committee
appeared last evening before the Elec
tion Commission and, speaking for the
committee, nested that considera
tion of its petition for a blanket
ticket be deferred until such ti ...ft as the
entire commission could be present. T.
J. Peridergast, also of the committee.
agreed in this with Mr. Barnard, and
after some little discussion the com
mission consented to postpone it to 11
o'clock to-morrow morning.
In making his lues.t Mr. Barnard
said: "It is the desire of the Central
Committee, for which 1 speak, that
consideration of its petition be deferred
until all of the members of the com
mission are present, but at the same
time we do not want to wait longer
than Wednesday, and i would ask that
that day be set."
Commissioners Lane, Wells and
Sheehan, who were the only members
on hand, consulted a moment, and Lane
announced that Mayor Phelan would
not return from his vacation until Sat
urday, but that- he would set Wednes
day as the day.
"I want to ask Mr. Lane if he is still
of the opinion that our plan is not fea
sible; he so expressed himself to me
the other day," broke in Pendergast.
"I am certainly of the same opinion,"
retorted Lane. "I don't think your
scheme is feasible, and don't think it
will go.".
The commission then took up the se
lection of election officers, and a discus
sion, which gave every promise of be-
Ing heated, was staved off un
til to-morrow.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct trota tbe oc«aa. >
G. O P. TO BOSSES : "None of Your Blanket Ticket for Me."
JEFFRIES WELCOMED HOME.
ENGLAND'S IDEA OF SHAMROCK.
LOS ANGELES
WELCOMES THE
NEW CHAMPION
Jeffries in His Old
Home.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AXGELES. July 10.— It has been
a long time since Los Angeles sports
have had an opportunity to welcome a
champion, and to say that they did not
do it to the highest degree of perfection
to-day would be a misstatement of
facts. James J. Jeffrie?, the champion
heavy-weight of the world, is again in
the city that for eighteen years he has
called "home." The champion arrived
at 2 o'clock, forty minutes later than
was expected. Thousands assisted in
the welcome, and the big, bashful
champion bowed right and left as he
was whirled through the crowded thor
oughfares from the Arcade depot to the
Hollenbeck Hotel.
As the champion stepped from the
rear of the train President John Brink
of the Los Angeles Athletic Club and
Tom Darmody entwined his neck with
a huge wreath of flowers, composed of
the national colors. The blue flowers
were "bachelor buttons," and the red
and white flowers were roses and car
nations. The train that bore the young
boilermaker was filled with teachers,
and the presence of thousand:- uf per
sons that surged around the depot
caused a murmur of comment, but
when the instructors heard the cheers
for Jeffries a college yell and a Vassar
<-ull were mingled with the huzza of the
sports of the older school. Jeffries was
received as a hero. He was escorted up
town in a buggy that was preceded by
the Seventh Regiment band and fol
lowed by a dozen tally-hos. As soon as
he could escape from the crowd, short
ly after 3 o'clock, "Jim," with only one
thought in his. mind, hurried to his
East Los Angeles home to greet the
woman that is more to him than any
thing else in this world — his mother.
"Brother Jack" accompanied "Jim,"
and the meeting between the sons and
the mother was sweetly pathetic.
To-night Jeffries was serenaded and
later driven to the Burbank Theater,
where the champion boxed four rounds,
ar.d then with his brother, '"Jack" Jef
fries," gave an illustration of the tenth
and eleventh rounds of his battle with
Robert Fitzsimmons, including the
knockout blow.
Three ten-round m goes at cntrn
weights were a part' of the evening's
programme They were between Ben
Trimble and Tim Ryan, Mike Thornton
and "Gypsy Kid." and Young Fitzsim
mons and Clarence McKee. Jeffries
rf .f,, rf . r .ri the contests. The crowd filled
the house from pit to flnmc
Jeffries says he is anxious to meet
Sharkey.
"I will fight him before th*> club of
fering the biggest purse, but I much
D.r< f< r to fight on the roast. I am here
for a rest, and I shall take it with my
people in the little home on the Arroyo
Seco."
WHITMAN BEATS LARNED.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Before a brll- j
liant gathering: "Mac" Whitman, the
Harvard slant, defeated w. A. Lamed in j
the challenge round of the Middle States \
lawn tennis championship tournament ;
on the courts of the Orange Tennis Club
this afternoon. The Harvard player used
deep balls to hold Larn^d back from the
net, and, when his opponent rushed to ;
the barrier, showed his ability to pasa
him. Whitman constantly changed from
fast to slow and used a ehort, chop
stroke, which made his veteran ad
versary appear at a disadvantage, as he
almost always knocked them Into the net.
The score follows:
Championship singles — Challenge round: ;
M. D. Whitman (holder) beat W. A. :
I>arne<l (challenger), 6 — l, 4 — o, 6—4, 6 — 2.
! ■ ♦ .
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Cal!, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten co/ore, size 14x21 inches, .
ready for framing. J
THE SA!N FKAJN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
SPORT
CREW WILL BE
PENSIONED IF
SHAMROCK WINS
One Pound a Week
for Life.
Special Cable to Th? Call and tn* N>w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1S0&, by James Gor- j
d'.n Bennett.
SOUTHAMPTON. July 10.— Rumor
has it that Sir Thomas Lipton has
promised each of the crew one pound a
week for life if the Shamrock wins.
The sailmakers have to-day been busy ;
on board the Shamrock making many
j trifling alterations to the canvas which
Saturday's spin showed to be neces
i sary.
People are talking and writing a
great deal about the coming trial of
the Shamrock with the Britannia. Now.
let me tell you on the best authority
that Mr. Fife is' not going to allow
these trials to give any indication of
what the Shamrock is capable of doing.
People will know as little after these
i p. '-called trials as before. Independently
j of the care that Mr. Fife will take to
i ward this end, there Is the facfthat the
i Shamrock, as she Is now, is a different
boat from what she will be when she
sails at New York. Now her inside is
stiff' nt-d with steel girders. These will
not be removed until she gets ready
for her races in New York. This change
i will entirely alter her conditions at sta
bility.
The cleverest yachtsmen here — those
closely connected with the Shamrock —
express themselves with the utmost
skepticism regarding the trials between
the Columbia and Defender, holding
that such trials cannot possibly have
been held with the object of making
any real race between the boats. If it
were so, they maintain, it is lack of pol
icy, but they conclude that the trials
have been for negative purposes, such
as those that will be made here in a
few days; in fact, rather as "a blind,"
Anyhow, the next time the Shamrock
&,<■:<' out we shall at least have the
pleasure of making the acquaintance of
her jack-yard, topsail, flying jib, bal
loon foresail and spinnaker, which up
to the present have remained on the
hulk of a schooner lying alongside of
the Sh mrock, upon which her crew
lives. With these set we shall be able
to judge a little better whether she is
as stiff as she appeared on Saturday.
The schooner opon which the crew
lives lies on the port side "of the Sham- -
rock. No one sleeps on board the
yacht, although there is a constant
watch throughout the night. There is
no accommodation aboard the racer.
Here, as well as in New York, the
hands will live away from the cutter.
Here they are dwelling very comfort
ably on ;ir, <>M hulk. In New York they
will be on a sort of house boat, where
they will live without shore liberty un
til the races are over. This all the men
understood, and although they have
not signed their indentures yet, they will
do so, including the conditions named.
most willingly, such is their enthu
siasm.
A nattier crow it would be difficult to
find. All are bright, alert young fel
low?, with mastheadsmen among thorn,
nimble as cats, picked so that they
stay at the masthead throughout an
entire race.
Race for Noted Harness Horses.
DI'BTQT'E. lowa. July 10.— A proposi
tion was made to-day by the Nutwood
Driving Club to the owner? of Frank Bo
gash, Joe Patchen, Directly. Searchlight,
Star Pointer. Anaconda and John R. Gen
try for a race herp on August 31 for 110,
--0- no entrance fee; all to enter; to beat
2:03.
Columbia-Defender Races.
NEW YORK. July 10.— Oliver Iselln said
to-day the Columbia and Defender would
have their next meeting on July 20. From
that time they shall race until one of the
boats shall have won three races. The
course will be off Newport.
■ ♦ ■
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
•Crtdlt. M. aofbsclUW, 324 V«rt ' rt. . ...
MOTOR CYCLE CRAZE GROWING.
BASEBALL IN THE EAST.
MOTOR-PACE
FEVER ATTACKS
BICYCLE MEN
Many Want to Follow
Machines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 10. — Cycle racing
men have been attacked by the motor !
pace fever. Just at present its
ravages are confined to. professional
riders, but later it promises to grip <.y
--cle race patrons in even more virulent j
form. Its sudden outbreak is coincident '
with the sudden coining of Miller and;
Linton with their Parisian naphtha
tandems, and of August Cabaillat, the
most expert steersman of motor cycles
in France.
With a suddenness that proves the
force of the fever a score of American ,
professional riders, who have made rep- ;
Utations in other distances, have an- i
nounced their candidacy for the mid- •
die-distance paced honors. As many
more riders of scarcely less repute have
as promptly offered their services on !
the motor machines that have already
been negotiated for the promoters
caught with the infection have hurri
edly altered their programmes of the
immediate future,- and one concern, the
Atlantic Athletic Association, an
nounced to-day that a big motor record
race will contribute to the feature at
each of its meets at Manhattan Beach
during the remainder of the season.
A factor in the races will be Linton
and his crack French tandems. His ma
chines differ from those of American
make, and Linton claims that they are
faster. His crew has had experience
in navigating motor cycles, whereas the
American crews will enter the lists
comparatively raw. Cabaillat, the
steersman, is referred to as "The Devil
<>n Wheels" on the tracks of his own ;
country. He will take his machine ]
through to port in a crowd that scarce- j
ly another rider would attempt. He
holds a certificate from the French
authorities attesting his capability t.>
drive racing cars of fifteen-horse power
over the roads of that republic.
With Cabaillat rides Dudley Marks,
whose knowledge of mechanics makes
him a safe engineer. Marks, occupying
a rear seat, is able to coach Linton be
hind him. Cabaillat and Marks assert
that they can drive tandems at the
rate of thirty-six miles an hour. If
Linton is able to follow them at that
,rate he will beat the world's record for
distance, held by Elkes, by nearly two
miles.
Ltnton's tandems differ slightly from
the motor machine brought over from
France by Henri Fournier. The cogs
in that of the latter are replaced by
chains in Linton's machines. Like
Fournier's tandem, Linton's motor cy
cles have two horsepower capacity.
Miller's tandem is exactly the same
as those owned by the Welshman. Both
Miller and Linton were greatly exer- j
cised because they were forced to pay i
a duty of 45 per cent on their motors
when they landed In New York. They
had expected to bring them in on the
same ground as theatrical effects.
TOSSES AWAY THE DECISION.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Matty Matthews
i of Brooklyn defeated Otto Zc-iloff of Chi
cago in the ninth round of a vicious right
at the Coney Island Sporting Club to
i night. Matthews was by far the cleverer
1 and used both hands relentlessly on his
j opponent's anatomy. In the ninth Zeiloff
: staggered helplessly and Matthews
dropped his hands as he said to George
i Edwards, the referee:
"I don't want to hit him any more."
Edwards took the hint and stopped the
bout right there by orderfng the men to
i their corners and declaring Matthews the
■ winner.
Frank Patterson of Brooklyn and Solly
: Smith of Los Angeles fought a twenty
five round draw at 122 pounds. The men
fought savagely, but were strong at the
finish. Patterson was frequently cau
tioned for hitting low and was disquali
! fled in the twenty-third round for repeat-
Ing the offense. Smith begged the referee
to lot the bout go on and so lost, a favor
-1 able doclelon. The attendance was 6000.
MYSTERY OF A
PHYSICIAN'S
SUDDEN DEATH
Dr. Schlarbaum Dies
in a Lodging-House.
USED A FICTITIOUS NAME
DEADLY POISONS FOUND IN
THE ROOM HE OCCUPIED.
Deceased Had Been Suffering From
Asthma for Many Years, Which
May Have Ended His
Life.
Dr. John Christian Benedictine Schlar
baum, a physician prominent in lodge
| circles of this city and Oakland, was
'■ found dead in a lodging-house at 119 Third
street yesterday afternoon. There Is somo
doubt as to the cause of his death, ami
the Coroner has ordered an investigation.
The presence of deadly poisons In the
room would Indicate suicide, but the. fact
I that the man had been suffering from
asthma for many years strengthens the ,
belief that he succumbed to the disease.
On Sunday evening Dr. Schlarbaum
registered under a fictitious name at the
hotel and apked for a room in the upper
portion of the building.- He said that he
had been suffering from asthma and was
in a very bad condition. He went to bed.
but did not appear next day. and at 3
o'clock his room was entered by the clerk,
who found him sitting in a chair, dear!.
i From all appearances he had been vomit-
I Ing and had been In a distressed condition.
When the t'oroner arrived he found a
bottle of cyanide of potassium and one of
muriatic acid concealed in a bureau
drawer in the room. They were about the
only property belonging to the deceased
■ which could ho found. Investigation
i proved that instead of being J. B. (illes.
| as whs on the register, the body was that
of Dr. Schlarbaum. This was ascertained
J. C. B. SCHLARBAUM.
from the name on a number of lodge
receipts found in his pockets and from
the initials on his shirt front.
Among the other papers were several
prescriptions for morphine tablets filled
at a local pharmacy. Inquiry at the drug
store corroborated the statement that
the doctor had been suffering some time
from asthma.
Dr. Schlarbaum graduated from the Cal
ifornia Medical College in this city on
December 12, 1888. He practiced medicine
for some years and had an office m the
Nevada block. Recently he abandoned
his profession on account of his health and
took up mining. A few days ago he re
turned from San Jose, having been to the
Interior portions of the State on prospect
ing trips. The presence of the poisons in
the room can be accounted for by the fact
that both are used in certain milling pro
cesses.
The doctor became a member of Live
Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and A. M., in ISS7.
■He was also a member of Rio Grande
Chapter No. 4, Royal Arch Masons, of
Albuquerque. N. M., and Pilgrim Com
mandery, Knights Templar, of the same
place. He was a member of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows and also of the
National Eclectic Medical Association of
Forest. Ohio. He was about 55 years of.
age and leaves no known relatives.
« ♦ ■
VN "TRACKS.
Sadduccee Adds Another to His Long
String of Victories.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Results at Brighton
Beach:
Selling, five furlongs— Rose Clark won. Mid
wood second. Dun Blanc third. Time, 1:02.
One and one-eighth miles — Decanter won.
Knight of the Garter second. Central Trust
third. Time. 1:53.
Selling, one mile — Skyscraper won, Fast
Black second, Maritl third. Tlm», 1:42 1-5.
Six furlongs— Sadduccee won, Stuart second,
Bis? Gun third. Time, 1:14 2-5.
Selling seven furlongs— Flax. Spinner won,
Zanene 'second. High Jinks, third. Time.
1:28.
Steeplechase, full course— Kins: T won, Per
m« second. Trillion third. Time, 1:5934.
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— Weather pleasant and
track good. Results:
Handicap, two-year-olds, five and one-half
• furlongs— Miss Mac Day won. Maud Wallace
second. Arthur Behan third. Time. 1:09.
Seven furlong -Verify won. Richard J sec
ond, Fireside third. Time. I:2S.
Selling one mile and twenty yards— Ransom
won, Gaston second. Annie Oldfleld third. Time,
1:44 Vi
Handicap, six furlongs— lmp. Mint Sauce
won. Our Gertie second, W. Overton third.
Selling, six furlongs— lmp. King Gold won,
Barriso second. Chiffon third. Time. 1:15.
Selling mile and twenty yards— Livadla won.
Sir Rolla second,. Eitholln third. Time, 1:44',.
BUFFALO. X. V.. July 10.— The usual first
race good thing was pulled off to-day, when
Marie beat Ocie Brooks, the favorite, by a.
head. Marie was as good as 10 to 1 in the
Slx^furlongs— Marie won, Ocle Brooks sec
ond. B. G. Fox third. Time. 1:17%.
Four and a hair furlongs— Statira won. In
surrection second, John Yerkes third. Time,
Seven furlongs -Full Dress won. Mischief
maker second. Colonel Cluke third. Time,
I "31
'Five furlongs— Sidney Lucas won. Larkspur
second. Tickfull third. Time, 1:05.
One mile— Hold On won, Sir Christopher sec
ond. The Gardener third. Time. 1:44%.
Five and a half furlongs, heavyweight handi
cap, owners and jockeys to ride— Ball Ister won.
HI Lee second. The Tory third. Time, 1:13.
CHICAGO July 10.— Weather at Hawthorne
clear; track" good. Results: •
Five furlongs, two-year-olds — Lady Elite
won Azua second. Marito third. Time, l:02!i.
One mile, selling— Her Favor won, Del Paso
II second Amelia FOQSO third. Time. 1:42.
Seven furlongs— Benneville won. Ten by sec
ond. Boney Boy third. Time. 1:26%.
Steeplechase, short course— Jack Hayes won,
Chenler second. Gypcelver third. Time. 3:1714.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Deerins won,
Bon Jour second. Marcato third. Time. 1:54.
One mil", selling— Brigade won. Nutter sec
ond Colonel Tades third. Time, 1:42%.
— » ■
BROOKLYN SHUT OUT
BY THE PHILLIES
Quakers Make Sixteen Hits and Ten
Buns Off McJames' De
livery.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ■ Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn . ...4S 23 .676 Plttsburg ...35 34 .507
Boston 44 26 .629 Cincinnati ..34 35 .493
Chicago 41 28 .612 New Y0rk... 30 39 .435
Philadelphia 41 27 .603 Louisville ...27 41 .375
St Louis 41 29 .£S<5 Washington 24 48 .333
Baltimore ...38 29 - .567 Cleveland ...12 &5 .179
NEW YORK, July 10.— The Phillies wound up
their series with Brooklyn to-day by playing
championship ball and shutting: out the Su
perbas with ease. It was the first victory of
the season for the visitors on the local grounds,
the series standing eight to six in favor of
Brooklyn. Piatt was a puzzle at all times,
while McJames was hit at will. McFarland"s
all-around playing was the feature. Attend
ance, 2700. Score: •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia i 10 IS 4
Brooklyn -... - 0 • I
THE EMPORIUM. j
y *
i irQR Tuesda y Only %
ft ■ *
{ The big store is holding a series of One-Day Special £
* Sales. Until further notice, a new advertise- *
* ment will appear every morning, in which «
5 the list of specials tor the day will be given. 'The items %
♦ will consist of seasonable staple merchandise which we J
ft can in every way guarantee* and the prices will be unusu- *
% ally attractive. These very special offerings are for to- %
• day only: J
% 12' a Ginghams and Special Sale of %
» Cheviots for B' c. Garden Hose. «
ft A choice !ine of Cheviot Shirtings and I We bought •of a S
5 Zaphyr Ginghams-inateriate that w.,1 && bannfaciurer at a ♦
a make durable and stylish wash ures?es, ■, tl . „_. ]qw - cc a
ft shirt waist?; • boys' or . men's working /fWn 2000 feet of Gar- *
ft shirts, children .school dresses or morn- (J/J den Hose, made to *
ft ing wrappew—standard goods that were \//\ J/~/ order for another X
* never least nan 12* c per yard OJfj firm, which failed J
» -Tuesday 0n1y... CP^Cr ,^£^^/ 1" before th ' goodg J
ft " ,^a& / j were delivered. It <'
* Empire Oval rtfl ,- is the extra qua'- *
I Frames tor 53c. S&L-A p i'^J^^i^ I
? On Tuesday only''//'/ — I L^ ;T_, ')er oot« re<^ or <*
*> /;/%%^— \ we offer 150 nar" V " ~l^/^ii*-^ ' ; black. cur/ in <*
* /^^"^^V row K^Pi 1" 6 Mold-. -/v^Q^=?*~~"^^^\'engi-hs to su 'fc *
* wfft V^ irq Ova 1 Frames, '^^ a==~r7-^==s;i^purchaser— special
ft jiff/ /^N \\ siza Bxlo inches, to-day, while quantity lasts, /g% ♦
* ■// [iJ^M 111 wit^ easel back* per f00t.... # 2** ♦
ft If rllJr Ik and P etty oval - «
ft II Ij^^v )/)\ ca')'net size mats *
♦ \\ W^ /iA": hefri 8 are i Dress Goods at *
* \\ //J^rT either gold, green, __ __ __ . V
ft \V_v^# black or seal Half PrSCCc ♦
? N<^li^ brown, and are at A dean. up of two iines of ror, i ar J
* present mi large summer fabrics at 23c the yard. The «
* demand—the special price SSZfft, special price is for Tuesday only. 3
•^ for to-day only ****** 38.inch Fancy Salting, in proper v
* . weights and correct summer colorings — ♦*
* NeW I¥IUSiC — regularly 48c and 50c yard—on Tuesday. *'
* TO-Day, 3O Copy* " "42-inch Checks'—biackand" white, blue J
300 copies new music —no back num- and white, green and white, brown and
ft be!B—all new. bright, catchy selections, white —stylish and durable, tho best of
ft just issued —we sell them regularly at materials for children's school dresses —
* 35c each —special to-day only at Qc regularly 50c yard— on Tuesday 23c "*
£ Only one each of sorns of these *
ft —come early. , __ __ _ _ . <
♦ Jelly Tumblers, *
{ Playing Cards __^_ Covered, 2
I and Poker Chips, !gfg^| 25 c dozen. j
ft On Special Sale tO-day Otliy. -*=-**=— Tin-covered Jelly Turn- J
*> Apollo Playing Cards—glazai back, biersfancy design bot-
* linen finish —Tuesday only, 2 packs for... Toms—can be used for 4*
* 23c table when j»!ly is gone <#
a Celluloid PoKer Chips, 1-', inches diam- 1 r rCQyii\ —just 100 dozen of this «
a eter—box of 100—to-day on'y 28c ffrTrrf^y line l^ft—on special sale *
I 4Oc Cife^/ates ! Tuesday, per dozen.2£o I
♦ 4Oc Cake Plates ' J
J on Sale for 19c. GroceHes-Utssiors I
* Decorated China VirOCGrB&SS t?^f»ur» £
* ~s~~*?*^ cake Plates, Special Tuesday. *
* jC^Jji aS-'hSS. *^s"*^ »«• tor to-day only. |
? |jTV%!i*^/»C V and pink, stipple Fine Japan Rice—on Tuesday 12 *
ft / " ° k^l gold edge and lbs for 50C J
* I^SV"-} fc A -V) flower decora- Canary Seed—regulany 5c lb — *
* \ ' ' ' st—^. V i tons, 10 inches on Tuesday 8 lbs for 250 1
* \^,;:C£vl^W^ in diameter. Champion Bourbon — lull
* <s'^*J^ regularly 40c quarts—regularly $I—to-day1 —to-day 82c «j
* each —on Tues-l Angelica —a choice, sweet wine-- <$>
£ day lOc'reguiariy $l.:0 gal on—to-day.-.;51.0Q «
6 —■- _ " ' v
£ P Oolden ftuEe ftazaar.
I California's Largest —America's Grandest Store. %
Batteries— and McFarland; McJames
and Smith. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— Senators won
to-day's game by hard hitting and fast field
ing. Mercer was wild at times, but Baltimore
could not score after obtaining three passes to
first Slagel's fielding was of a sensational
character. Attendance, 2021. Score:
Clubs- R- H- E.
Washington J « J
Baltimore _* ' -
Batteries— Mercer and Kittredge; Kltson and
Cresham. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
PITTSRURG, July 10.— Pittsburgh lost
because they could not hit when hits were
needed. In the fifth inning Smith was injured
and Phillips was pent to right field, Hawley
going on the rubber. The hits off Hoffer were
made when hits made runs. Attendance, 3000.
Score:
Clubs- B- H. B.
PKtsburg •' « jj ;
Cincinnati •/••, ♦ > "
Batteries— and Schriver; Phillips, Haw
ley and Wood. Umpire — Latham.
BOSTON. July 10.— The Champions took both
games from the New Yorks to-day, the first
I by brilliant fielding and the second through
great batting by Tenney. The second game
was vastly exciting, as the visitors tied the
score in the seventh and it took two extra in
nings to decide the contest. Hamilton's two
bagger and a terrific drive by Tenney settled
matters. Attendance, 5500. Score, first game:
Clubs— K. H. E.
Boston 3 6 1
New York 0 7 2
Batteries — Lewis and Bergen; Seymour and
Grady. Umpires— Emslie and Smith.
Second game:
Clubs— R- H. EL
Boston 5 i« i
New York - 5 ° 1
Batteries— Nichols and Clarke; Garrick and
Grady. Umpires— Emslie and Smith.
CHOYNSKI TO FIGHT.
Matched for a Go With "Mexican
Pete" at Denver.
DENVER. July 10.— Joe Ohoynski and '
"Mexican Pete" Everett of Cripple Creek !
to-night signed ,'irtk'les with Manager
Floto to fight before the Colorado Ath
letlc Association on August 4 for $500 a
side and the gate receipts. Billy Rotch
furd signed to-night for a fight with Har
ry Forbes August 7 before the Fort Dear
born Club at Chicago.
ON KENWOOD COURTS.
Results of the Second Day's Play in
the Tennis Singles.
CHICAGO, July 10.— The second day of
the Western championship tennis tourna
ment at the Krnwood courts was ideal in
every respect. Play continued until dark
A BELT WITH MERIT!
(i ■ $|k That's the kind of a Belt you want
I \ •\MS If you expect it to cure you. When you
p .J^Ci Si?*"*! buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none at
h<4 *fsi*r Irpwi all. Go where BELTS ARE MADE—
rj^ X ' A*j£l to • a firm of established reputation,
\^ -^^^S^iw whose word and promises amount, to
\ v*"*^^lf something, and then you will be able to
'Cliit. >1V S^'T'tffiif §\ ' get what you want and at a fair price,
! l ii<WiA \ ■'s^^vi too - There is no humbug about Dr.
: '^&^ vh//^^^ Pierces Electric Belt. Any one who
llflWmMlMs has ever tried U knows that. It does
(AmN^^^Pßßß^^^Vi not fall to pieces in a few weeks as
V\\\» V^^^VwHSßSKsfifiu' others- do. It is warranted to be as
V^^Wty^^^MßßßPff represented. Buy no Belt till you see
V W\v :^f -^SHBlf> -DR. PIERCED."-
Wl Call at office or send 2c in stamps for
x \^s^ v >< Sr^ our "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
THE EMPORIUM.
ness put a stop to the sport To-day's
play in the singles resulted:
Hackett beat West, 6- I, 8 2; Ha^k^tt b-*at
Bru.-'r. 6—l 8—1; H. McQuiston beat McConnell,
7—5, 6—4: Brooks beat Suesey. fi--2. fi— 2; Norria
hea r Rnachf. 6—4. 7— r >: Myers boat Peters.
6_4 B_i ; Oldberg beat Vernon. I—6. 6—2. 6— .1;
Carter beat Oldberg, 4—6. 6—3, 6—o; C. B. N> 1
beat Street, 6—2, 6—4; Neeley beat Mundy.
" 7 9—2, 6—o; 8. Neel beat Gottlieb. B— 2. 6—3;
Ashcroft beat Marshall. 9—7, 6—o; Manee beat
Wilbrennan, 6—2, 6- fl : Bond beat Mag»p, 6—2.
7—5; Spencer beat Binßhain. 6— S. fi— 2; Wardner
lipat Condee. 6—l. 6—l; Strasberer beat Black
weller. 6—4. '•—". 6—l; Moulding l^at H. Belden
by default; Seabury beat Moulding. 6-2. 7—5;
Allen beat Snow, 6—4, 6—4; Allen beat Brand,
6—l, G— o.
BANTAM-WEIGHTS MATCHED.
Palmer and McGovern Will Battle for
the Championship.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Pedlar Palmer,
the bantam-weight champion of England,
and Terry McGovern, believed to be tha
best bantam in this country, have been
matched for the championship of the
world. Dr. A. P. Ordway, representing
Palmer, and Sam E. Harris, the manager
of McGovern, met in this city to-day and
signed articles calling for a twenty-five
round brut at 116 pounds, for the cham
pionship of the world, the men to meet
before the club offering the largest purse.
The fight is to be decided the latter part
of August. The winner will take 75 per
cent and the loser 25 per cent of the
purse.
The directors of the Westchester Club
agreed to give 50 per cent of the gross re
ceipts, with a guarantee of 110.000, a per
centage of the receipts in excess of $20,
--000, and to each boxer 15 per cent of the
receipts from any pictures that may be
taken.
Plaviner for Whist Trophies.
CHICAGO, July 10.— The tournament of
the American Whist League opened to
day at the Auditorium Hotel. Many of
the foremost whist players in the United
States were present. The first play was
for the Brooklyn trophy. The contestants
represented the New England Whist As
sociation, the New York State Whist As
sociation, the Atlantic Whist Association,
the Chicago Whist Club and the North
western Whist Association.
Falls Down a Mine Shaft.
JAMESTOWN. July 10.— William Snail
fell from the skip at the Jumper mine
this morning and was instantly killed.
The skip ascended to the 200-foot level,
where Snail, with several others, left it.
Instead of getting off on the ripht side.
Snail stepped off to the left on a beam
of the compartment shaft and fell to the
400-foot level. He leaves a widow and
children at Jamul. San Diego County. He
was about 53 years old.
56
: ■ (
■
TUESDAY JULY ii, 1899 I
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
. Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
r.DITORSAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Finale Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mi.ll. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including: S-inday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday Call). 6 months 3.O<>
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65«5
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00 .
A.! postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Eampie copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE t
PERRY LUKENS dR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; j
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Aetor Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. ;
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 387 Hayes street, ooen until :
30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock;
--;?4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, cpen until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
I and Lady Algy."
he Barber of Seville."
urn — Vaude\
Shamua O'Brien."
■ :ar-"' 'arr.nl*>.' 1
Carmen."
Free Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon
Olympia— Corner Mason and EIHb streets— Specialties.
Interstate I'ar.orama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tie of Manila Bay
Swimming Ra.?e=, etc.
Panics' Pavilion— Cake Walkers. Saturday, July 15.
AUCTION SALES.
By Ige & Co. — This day, at 12 o'rlock, Real
■
THE BUBONIC BCfIRD OF HEALTH-
WITH the abortive attempt to create a scare by
a report of the appearance of the bubonic j
igue in this city, the Board of Health ap
reward the followers and to serve the pur- ;
- of Dan Burns and the Southern Pacific Com- ,
n it? career and gave the public an illustra
:' the tactics on which it relies for success.
The board cannot be accused of a lack of energy nor
of a lack of audacity. Scarcely was it in office when it
:. looking around for a chance to serve its mas
ters and to gain prestige for itself. It did not wait
l«.r an opportunity to come. It made one out of what
was virtually nothing. It did not restrain itself in
moderation in exploiting of the manufactured op
portunity, but set about starting a panic with the au
dacity of men who have no scruples and are reckless
hat may be the consequences to others so long
mething be gained for themselves.
. Dr. Barbat, who serves Dan Burns as family phy
sician and as representative on the Board of Health,
a brother who has a laboratory and who is ser
viceable to the board as a '"bacteriologist." The will
ing germ-hunter examined the bodies of two Japan
ese aho were drowned in trying to swim ashore from
the Nippon Maru and declared he found evidence that
they were infected with the bubonic plague — the most
dreadful pestilence of the pestilential Orient. Thus it
was made to appear that the plague had reached San
Francisco, and the board got ready to profit by the
which was expected to follow.
Two advantages were to be gained from the panic.
In tl ice a great and valuable service was to
xhv I'acihc Mail Steamship Company
iuring a rival line. If the public could be per
ed that the competing line of steamships brought,
[ence to the city, Huntington would have on the
n something like the monopoly he abuses on
That far the service was rendered to the rail
road bosses, and no doubt the bosses appreciated it at
its true worth.
The second service was to Dan Burns himself. Had
the board and its bacteriologist succeeded in causing
a general alarm, it could with more pretension ask |
from the Supervisors a large appropriation, ostensibly:
for the purification and the protection of the health of'
the city, but really to make places for the idle and;
worthless members of the Burns push. Thus the .
board would have increased its prestige in the city
and augmented the strength of the Burns ring.
The attempt to create a scare was abortive, but it
none the less succeeded in doing the city considerable
harm. In the East the character of the Board of
Health is not understood, nor are its purposes com
prehended. Therefore the story of the bubonic plague ',
in this city has been widely published there and ex
aggerated. Many a tourist who might have come to
San Francisco has been turned away by this false
rumor started for the purpose of making business for
the Pacific Mail and doing politics for Dan Burns.
Thus the first effect of the operations of the board has
been to injure the whole community to an extent
which it is not possible at this time to estimate.
From the way the board has begun it is easy to
foresee how it will continue. The welfare of the com
munity is to count as nothing. The main object is to
devise a means of forcing the Supervisors to increase
the appropriations for the board. Fortunately, the
first move was so gross a blunder that the people can
readily perceive the nature of the trap that was pre
pared. Hereafter the public will be wary. It will take
something more than a report from the bacteriologist
Barbat to start a scare or induce the Supervisors to
intrust more public money for the pay of the Burns
push.
Oom Paul is said to be fencing diplomatically with
British statesmen to gain time until the rainy season
sets in and military operations in the Transvaal will be
doubly dangerous for British troops. Oom Paul must
be reading the reports of General Otis from the Phil
ippines.
Mrs. Yda Addis Storke of Santa Barbara must
think that Attorney Jackson has four or five lives.
Prussic acid, chloroform and two pistols certainly
ought to silence an ordinary lawyer forever.
Senator Gorman's friends claim that his health is
poor. It is not half so poor as his chances for the
Presidential nomination.
MR. BARRETT, DIPLOMAT.
DURING Mr. Cleveland's last term everybody
was surprised by his discovery of Mr. John
Barrett, and his appointment of that person
as Minister to Siam. Mr. Barrett's experience in
diplomacy consisted of inexperience in journalism,
which honorable profession he had failed to adorn as
a reporter for a paper in Oregon. He moved on the
land of the white elephant, and longed for great
things. Our British brethren have been for years
carefully cultivating the spirit of imperialism in all
American Consuls and Ministers in Asia. Colonel
Denby was carefully coached in that line by the Brit
ish Minister in Peking. He had not been there long
until he sent up a loud and bitter complaint about the
quarters furnished him to live in. The British Min
ister had a compound all to himself, and servants in
livery and raiment that tied honors with the yellow
jacket and peacock feather of old Li Hung Chang.
Colonel Denby stayed in Peking twelve years and saw
the British Minister lord it over the Celestials until j
he longed to represent an empire and take np the
white man's burden of kicking some poor devil
smaller than himself. The same influences were '<
around Diplomat Barrett at Bangkok. The English
newspaper there received him with a flourish of head- j
lines and immediately acquired an American circula- j
tion, for he sent marked copies to everybody in the
country of whom he had ever heard. The Bangkok
Times and Barrett were like organ and organist. He
settled ah American's claim against Chulalongkorn
for killing an elephant and burning a woodpile. The
Times hailed it as a diplomatic triumph that would
have roused the envy of Hastings and Clive and that
had made all Asia tremble with fear while not thrilled
with admiration. To Mr. Barrett the Philippine war
was an opportunity. Having been taught by his Brit
ish tutors in Siam that the people of Asia are not to
be treated as human beings, he was a tool filed and
fitted to the British need of some one to keep the
English imperial policy in countenance. He has re
turned to his own, his native land, like Denby, to mi
i struct the mere American taxpayer, who only fur
j nishes the money and merely sends his sons to be
j killed or rot alive under a vertical sun, in his duty to
! violate the constitution in order that Barretts and
I Denbys may have whole compounds and liveries and
!do diplomacy in Asia up to the British standard. He
j has been, and probably still is, raising his voice in the
j Eastern States in favor of imperialism and in convey
i ance of gross misinformation about the Philippines.
j His representation of the beauties of a tropical cli
i mate and its adaptation to our race is the result either
;of great ignorance or unbridled mendacity. Races
j are found planted by nature where the physical condi
tions are adapted to them. Our race was placed in
j the temperate zone, and the tropical races were
I planted in the torrid zone. When Mr. Barrett can
i point to any estimable number of temperate zone peo
! pie born in the third generation in the tropics, he may
'' relieve himself of a suspicion of being either a fool or
I a falsifier.
But it is when he discusses the politics of imperial
ism that Barrett shines with all the brilliancy of a '
mud nimbus. He declares that we must keep the
Philippines because we bought them from Spain, and
must hold them, no matter what may be the objection
of the people. In discussing alternatives he says:
"We cannot honorably sell the Philippines, for we will
be bartering away 8,000,000 natives, unless they them
selves favor said sale."'
That illuminates the Barrett intellect. We may make
war on Spain because she governed people against
their consent. We bought the Philippines without
consent of the natives, and are making devastating
war on them to establish our government over them
without their consent. Yet, cries Barrett, "it will be
dishonorable to sell them without their consent." Is
it more dishonorable to sell than to buy people with
out their consent? Mr. Barrett has at last furnished
an imperial standard of honor. It is honorable to buy
an unwilling people, to make destructive war upon
them and to answer their cry for mercy with the de
mand for unconditional surrender, to call them rebels
because they resist being sold to us, but it would be
dishonorable to sell them to another buyer unless they
are willing!
Long may Barrett's diplomatic tongue wag as an
imperialist tocsin!
THE MAYOR AND_THE: PLEDGE.
\ VIGOROUS and persistent efforts are now being
made to induce the Supervisors to increase the
appropriation set apart for the Fire Department
in the estimates for the coming year recently reported
by the Finance Committee. Protests against any re
duction in the effective force of the department come
from all quarters, and it is not to be denied that in
many respects the arguments of the protesters are
well founded. If, however, the estimate for the Fire
Department be increased there must be a correspond
ing deduction made from the appropriation of some
other branch of the municipal administration, or the
dollar limit pledge must be broken.
To obtain counsel and advice as to the best means
of providing adequately within the dollar limit for the
needs of all departments of the city government, the
Supervisors have referred the estimates to the Mer
chants' Association for consideration. The judgment
of that association will undoubtedly be valuable. The
members of it are men who have long taken an active
interest in municipal affairs and are strenuous sup
porters of progress with economy. They desire to see
an efficient administration of the city, a liberal policy
of improvements in streets, sewers, parks and other
public works, and they also desire the maintenance of
that dollar limit pledge to which most of them are
bound by their public declarations as clearly as are
the Supervisors by their campaign promises.
The Merchants' Association, however, is, after all,
an unofficial body. It has not been charged by the
responsibilities of office to make a thorough and com
prehensive study of the relation of municipal finances
to the work of administration. The counsel it will
give will doubtless be excellent, but it cannot be final.
The Supervisors, after receiving the report from the
association, should hold it for the consideration of the
Mayor. That officer, as chief executive of the city, is
charged with the duty of investigating all such mat
ters, and his advice ought by all means to be sought
and obtained by the Supervisors before they fix the
estimates and the appropriations for the year.
The expediency of consultation with the Mayor is
exceptionally strong in this case by reason of the fact
that Mr. Phelan is not only Mayor of the city, but is
and has been ever since he entered office the most
conspicuous advocate in public life of the dollar
limit. He has repeatedly asserted that a revenue de
rived from a tax rate of $i on the $100 on the basis of
an assessed valuation of taxable property of $350,000.
--ooa, would be amply sufficient for all the needs of the
municipality. He has insisted that it would provide
not only for the maintenance in unimpaired vigor of
all departments of the government, but for such im
provements as the progress of the city demands.
It was because of public confidence in these asser
tions made by Mr. Phelan after two years in office
that he was re-elected Mayor in an election in which
his party suffered overwhelming defeat. To him,
THE SAX FRAy CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
therefore, does a considerable body of the people look
for counsel in the problem now confronting the mu
nicipality. The Supervisors should obtain his aid in
shaping the estimates. He should not be deprived of
any of the glory of a successful solving of the com
plication, nor should he be permitted to shirk any of
the responsibility should evil result from reductions in
the appropriations asked for by the heads of depart
ments.
As for the Supervisors themselves, their duty is
clear. They were elected upon a pledge to limit the
tax rate to one dollar on the hundred. Let them keep
that pledge in letter and in spirit, and the public will ,
have no right to condemn them. •
THE COMING YfJCHT RfICE.
REPORTS concerning the trials made by the Co
lumbia and the Shamrock give reason for be
lieving the coming yacht race will be the best
ever sailed. Both the challengers and the defenders
seem well satisfied with their boats, and apparently
' : have good reason for their satisfaction.
The Columbia not only made a successful run in her
trial trip, but since then has been matched with the
De;'tnder, that held the cup against the Valkyrie, and
| has shown herself to be a fleeter and a better yacht in
| everj respect than that famous and victorious craft.
The last contest between the two was in some re
bpects unfortunate, inasmuch as both yachts sailed the
wtcng course, but the error did not in any way pre
vent a fair test of the comparative merits of the two.
The race was sailed over a twenty-six mile course,
: and in covering that distance the Columbia outsailed
the Defender by three minutes and thirteen seconds.
Granting the Defender a time allowance of two mm:
-: utes, the Columbia will still have the victory by more
than a minute. From the results of the trial experts
draw the conclusion that since the Columbia wins
over a twenty-six mile course by that much time in
her present condition, she can, when properly tuned
iup by next September, beat 'the Defender over a
thirty mile course by as much as five minutes, which
is all that is required of her.
While the Columbia is thus satisfying to the expec
tations of Americans, the Shamrock has given hardly
less satisfaction to British yachtsmen. She has not
yet been tested in a race against a fleet yacht of the
first class, but her trial trip has been remarkably suc
cessful. One of the experts who watched her is re
ported to have said: '"We have a flyer. We have a
yacht much better than anything before known here.
Ii the Americans beat us they will have to work hard
for it. They are not going to have a run away
triumph."
From all reports it appears the Shamrock, much
more than the Columbia, is a novelty in the way of
yacht construction. In this contest the Americans
! are the conservatives and the Irish challenger is the
! radical innovator. It is said there is scarcely a bit of
wood about her. Her entire hull is of thin metal.
The mainmast is of hollow steel and all the rigging is
of wire. No expense has been spared in fitting her.
Her sails are not made of common canvas, but of cloth
woven from the finest sea island cotton, and represent
the best work of men who claim to be the foremost ;
sailma"kers in the world.
For all that she has been constructed in a British |
shipyard, the Shamrock will be essentially an Irish
yacht, as her owner designed her to be. Her crew
is Irish, and in the recent trial trip their work elicited
no little praise by reason of its swiftness, its efficiency
and the clock-like regularity with which every portion
of it was performed.
All that yacht builders can do to make the great '
race a satisfactory contest between the two foremost
racing and sponing people in the world has been done. ;
The rest remains for the yachtsmen and their crews.
The irritation caused by the Dunraven outbreak over
the last race has passed away from both sides, and the j
public can look forward to a contest of friendly rivalry
in skill and seamanship.
DOMESTIC SERVICE IN BOSTON.
• "ROM a time so remote that the memory of man
runneth not to the contrary there has been a
sound of lamentation in the United States over
the problems of domestic service, and the burden of
the wailing has been that American girls, through a
false pride, object to such service and refuse to per- 1
form it. Now, however, there comes from the East
a story of a nature so contrary to the old one it has
all the interest of a genuine surprise party.
In a recent number of the Independent Mrs. Eliza
beth Stuart Phelps Ward, who lives in the vicinity
of Boston, asserts that in "the present chaotic condi
tion of American society many a woman in domestic
service may be as well born and as well educated as
her employer. Hundreds of women are ready to en
ter kitchens and serve in dining-rooms who would not
have considered such a step possible fifteen years
ago."
In proof of her assertion Mrs. Ward cites her own
experience and says: "Some time since I advertised
for a woman to do the housework of my family and
received eighty applications, of which not more than
two or three were from professional servants. Dress- j
makers, clerks, saleswomen, widows, nurses, stenog- j
raphers, respectable American women by the score, :
were ready to ask admission to a home where they
would be well treated, and perform its roughest du
ties. The widow of a physician, a well-bred lady, her
self accustomed in her past life to her own servants, j
applied to a suburban household for permission to j
carry on its domestic work. The same day brought a !
similar request from a teacher educated in three of our
leading institutions — one a college."
This story is proof of much more than of the point
it was cited to prove. It is an evidence not only of
the breaking down of former prejudice against domes
tic service, but also of the increasing severity of the*
struggle for existence in the older States. When an i
educated teacher, a graduate of three of the leading !
institutions of New England, and manifestly indus- ;
trious and willing to work, has to seek and almost
beg for employment as a servant, it is evident condi
tions have changed since the days when even the
poorest American girl scorned to be a servant and
would hardly consent to be a "help."
Mrs. Ward's statement is a surprise indeed, and the
surprise is not a pleasant one. It changes the aspect
of the servant girl problem, however, in an important
respect. Since college-bred girls have taken to
service for a living, it is clearly the duty of the em
ploying class to meet them half way and make the
living worth having.
John J. Valentine, the Wells-Fargo president, may
be sorry some day that he did not give a pass to Rev.
V. Marshall Law. He may have to sue some other
spiritual director some day for a pass on his last
journey.
Devils Isle seems to have been appropriately
named. His Satanic Majesty appears to have sta
tioned a few of his deputies there to make life inter
esting for Dreyfus.
Bill Bryan is casting about for a running mate. If
i hii expansion ideas undergo no change, he may yet
, select Aguinaldo.
CAPTAIN E. H.
PLUMMER GETS
A PROMOTION
Made a Lieutenant
Colonel.
JOINS THE THIRTY -FIFTH
GENERAL SCHWAN ARRIVES EN
' ROUTE TO MANILA.
Lieutenant Colonel Maus Assumes
His Duties as Inspector General
of the Department of the
Pacific.
Captain Edward H. Plummer, senior aid
1 to Major General Shaft er, was agreeably
surprised yesterday to receive a telegTam
from Assistant Adjutant General Carter
| informing him that he had been commis
sioned lieutenant colonel of the Thirty
fifth Infantry Volunteers. Captain Plum-
I mer's promotion la well deserved and
comes without solicitation on his part, !
although it is said the appointment was I
recommended by General Shatter. As
: Colonel Kobbe of the Third Artillery, who
, has been ■ appointed to command the i
Thirty-fifth, is now at Manila, the or- j
ganization of the regiment will probably i
be left entirely with the lieutenant colonel.
The regiment will he organized at Van
couver barracks and will be recruited en
! tirely from the Pacific Coast.
Captain Plummer is a native of Mary
land and is regarded as one of the most
efficient officers of the regular army. He i
entered "West Point July 1, IST3, as a cadet \
J from Maryland. On his graduation on j
June 15, IST", he was appointed a second
lieutenant in the Tenth United States j
Infantry. On November 29, 1894, he was j
promoted to the first lieutenancy in the !
same regiment. He was commissioned a
captain in the Tenth on April 26, 1888. At
the outbreak of the war with Spain he
was assigned to the Fifth Army Corps
under General Shafter. During the cam
paign around Santiago he was quarter
master at General Shafter's headquarters.
The proficiency with which he performed j
his duty as quartemaster attracted the !
most favorable comment from his superior i
officers and ultimately obtained for him
the position of senior aid upon the staff
of General Shafter. When General Shafter j
returned from Cuba Captain Plummer ac- i
companied him, and since that time he
has been the general's principal assistant. !
Lieutenant Colonel M. P. Maus has ar- i
rived and assumed his duties as inspector
general of this department, relieving |
Major Edward Field. Major Robert H.
Noble has been attending to the duties |
of the position since Major Field's illness. |
General Schwan, who has been ordered ;
to Manila and expects to sail on the City I
of Para, is in the city and is being enter
tained by Major Noble. General Schwan
commanded a division of General Miles'
army at the invasion of Porto Rico, and
since the war has been acting as assist
ant adjutant general.
Captain Joseph B. Bachelor and Captain
Crane of the Twenty-fourth Infantry re
ported for duty at the Presidio yesterday.
Surgeon Major Mosely says there is a I
noticeable improvement in the class of re- i
cruits being received at the Presidio since i
the Government made the rule holding j
all recruiting and medical officers respon
sible for accepting recruits who have sub- ■
sequently been rejected. The latest batch !
to be discharged as unsuited for the I
service are: John Hair. Samuel Hayward, j
John Ragan, James M. Grant, Francis
M. Johnson. Fred Harlan, Charles E. Me
Keehan, George Oddy, Harry Miller, |
Charles W. Erickson, John Haslett, Alfred
A. Isen. Charles Hudson. Edward R. Con
ley, John W. Gibson. Albert P. King and
Frank D. Devendorff.
Orders have been issued directing Cap
tain George A. Detchmendy of the Twen
ty-second Infantry to close the recruiting
office at Sacramento, of which he has
been in charge.
Governor Geer and staff of Oregon, who
are en route to this city to welcome the
TVebfoot volunteers from Manila, will ar
rive this morning.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Garrison Turner, an attorney of Mo
desto, is registered at the Grand.
Surveyor General M. J. Wright of Sac- '
ramento is a gut st at the Grand.
Dr. F. It. Arndt of San Diego is one of
yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard have re
turned to the city. They are at the Pal- ,
ace.
H. S. Greenlenf. M. D.. a physician of i
the army, is at the Palace en route to
Manila. '
\Y. J. Shattuck. a large fruit grower of
Hanford, is one of the late arrivals at the '
Palace.
Dr. T. H. Hall of the Napa State Hos- '
rital for the Insane is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
Captain D. J. Hart of the signal corps 13
registered at the Occidental from "Wash
n, D. C.
Alden Anderson, a wealthy fruit grower
and Speaker of the Assembly, is a guest
at the Grand.
W. M. Sims, one of the leading lawyers
of Sacramento, is at the Palace on a short
visit to the city.
T. W. H. Shanahan, a well-known poli
tician of Anderson, is among last night's
arrivals at the v^rand.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Harkinson of An
tioch have taken a residence for the sum
mer at 834 Grove street.
11. p. Goodman, son of the well-known
banker of Napa. is one of those who yes
terday registered at the Palace.
A. J. Richardson, one of Auburn's most
prominent citizens, is at the California
on a short pleasure trip to the city.
Captain J. M. Sigworth, U. S. A., and
E. C Mitchell, U. S. N., are two Un!t?d
States officers who are staying at the
Occidental.
E. C. Deutcher, a wealthy mining man
of Virginia City, is a guest at the Palace.
a? :ir>i also Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Mix of
New York.
J. \Y. Barbour. P. Mcßae and D. R.
Cameron are three well-known fruit
growers of Hanford who are registered
at the Lick.
Nineteen of the teachers who were on
the special that was wrecked at Newman
returned to the city last evening and went
to the Grand.
Mrs. W. S. I>ake, Miss Georgie Spieker,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Spieker and Miss Bir
die Dray of Sacramento left yesterday for
Alaska on a pleasure trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON ;
WASHINGTON. July 10.— H. C. Turner
of Los Angeles is at the Shoreham. W.
TV. Belvin of San Francisco is at the
Raleigh.
Ex-Collector Wslburn's Bonds.
Judge J. H. Beatty of the United States
District Court of Idaho called the calen
dar in the United States Circuit Court in
this city this morning. Judge Morrow
having gone on a vacation.
The suits brought by the Government
against ex-Collector Oscar M. Welborn'a
bondsmen to recover $42,00"), alleged to
have been embezzled by Cashier Norton,
were set for trial for July 31.
Suspected Pickpockets.
"Kid" Young. Frank Maguire, George i
Reed and Ben Zimmerman, who were ar- j
rested Sunday while working the crowds
on the Tiburon boats by Detectives Ellis
and Shaw, appeared in Judge Conlan's j
court yesterday to answer a charge of va
grancy. At the request of the prosecu-l
tion the cases were continued till Friday.
Young is a notorious pickpocket and >la
guire is branching out in that direction.
DISCUSSED TEMPEBANCE.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson Sharply Crit
icizes Supporters of Saloons.
In a discussion on "Temperance" by
the members of the Methodist Episcopal
Ministers' Union yesterday morning Rev.
; F. D. Bovard of Santa Rosa f*nd Rev.
! John A. B. Wilson of this city delivered
! forcible arguments on the subject. The
I former criticized the, attempt of Henry J.
Crocker to form a wine trust, which, he
! contended, would injure the cause of ter
n perance in his section. Dr. Wilson criti-
c ized the administration and condemned
| the canteen system. In part he said:
I have no controversy with my brethren on
the question of temperance. We all believe In
the prohibition of the liquor traffic upon prin
ciple. Our difference is upon the met.- 01
applying these principles. I take the position
that it is a great politic*! question as well
as a moral one. and it must have a great ■
political party in back of it. and no part> can
take it up because Issues make parlies, noi
parties make issues. ' , ..
The exeat issue of tariff has divided the
whole country into two hostile camps for years,
and yet the difference between the two bills _Oj
the various parties would not pay the drink mil
of the nation for two months. Twelve hundred
and fifty million dollars goes over the counters
of saloons every year for the debauchery of our
people. Nine-tenths of the crime is due to this
cause and 150.000 men are slain every year
through its evil effects. There is a hue and
cry and a national investigation because 01 |
the unsanitary camps in which 6000 of our sol
dier boys have died horrible deaths, but no j
investigation as to the ruin, dishonor de
bauchery and the final slaughter of the LAOtO
men through the drink question. And no man
In . politics .lares to fay one word in criticism
of the infamous traffic, from the- President of
the United States to the town Constable, fof i
the reason that the liquor men cast their votes
in "blocks" for the men who favor them in :
legislation and administration.
The diplomacy of the administration requires
that Protestant missionaries should not go to ■
Manila for their work, but has admitted 400
saloons to be opened in the city limits for the
debauchery of our soldier boys, who, respond
ing to their country's call, go out there in i
patriotic fervor, and who will come back to ua
ruined, not by the bullets of the Filipinos,
but by the sajoons supported by the adminis- ;
tration for their destruction.
Rev. 'Franklin Rhoda read a paper be
fore the Presbyterian Ministers' Union
entitled "Are We Limiting the Holy One
of Israel?" It proved a learned discourse.
A general discussion followed the reading
of the paper, in which Rev. Messrs. Bur
nett, Landon. Herriott. Clark. Reynolds, i
Fraser and Hunter participated.
Rev. G. B. Hatch addressed the Congre- :
gational ministers on John G. Whittier.
It was an interesting talk on the great j
poet's life and works.
. ♦ ■ ■
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches, j
ready for framing.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PAINT— G. P.. City. Such paint as you
desire can be procured from any dealer
in paints.
PRATT'S ORATION-F.. City. Leon
idas E. Pratt delivered the Fourth of July
oration in San Frarcisco in l^Tl.
THE ALTA CALIFORNIA— F.. City.
The files of the Alta California were se
cured for the Frre Public Library in this
city, and are there now.
QUEEN VICTORIA— G. S., Fort Bragg.
Cal. By the birth of a child recently to
Princess Heinrich Rf-uss. Queen Victoria
became a great-great-grandmother.
SAN FRANCISCO TO HOXOLULT'-A.
C. R., City. The distance from San Fran
cisco to Honolulu is laid down in the track
chart as 2100 miles. The ships of the Pa
cific Mail line which stop at the last
named port on the way to China make ihe
distance 2085 miles.
"A GOLD QUARTER"— D. E. X., Plac
erville. Cal. There is no premium on what
is known as a "gold quarter." The United
States never coined gold quarters. Such
are tokens that were manufactured by
jewelers in the early days of California,
There are a great many in San Francisco,
where they are offered at 25 cents each.
TO PORT ORCHARD— S. J., San Jose,
Cal. The Mary F, Perley leaves Seattle
daily, except Sunday, at 9:30 a. m. and 4
p. m.; Sunday at 7 p. m., for Port Orch
ard. The A. R. Robinson leaves Seattle
daily for the same point at 8:30 a. m.
There is no steamer between Tacoma and
Port Orchard.
HOLLANDISH PAPERS— G. V. C,
City. The following is a list of the Tlol
landish papers published in the United
States: De Heidenwereld. at Oranpe City.
lowa, monthly; Een Stem dcs Yolks. at
Grand Rapids, Mich., weekly; De Grond
wet, at Holland. Mich., weekly; De Volks
lera, at De Pere. Wis., weekly; De Gids,
same place, monthly.
9— 9—9—9— 9—&— 9—9—9—9—9— O— O— »— »—»—«—^— C?— «»— w»— v~
• _^^______ WWTOn^., _^~™ „ .^___ _
t ' - - • • " . ;
i i-
'
• THE MAN OF THE HOUR. ?
I Q
T A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF '
? ADMIRAL DEWEY i
o IN TEN COLORS ©
' I (Size 14x21 inches) 9
j 1 WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE CALL [ 1
il— _ — It
3 To every one Inserting and paying d
9 for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in o
• NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ;
w
* THIS PORTRAIT Is in nosense a chea P chromo - but an example of ©
© — — — — — the highest style of illuminated printing in the I
I I famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing- \
\ T room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else- ©
| © where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of HE CALL, where sample •
i • copies may .be seen. I
BOARD OF HEALTH
WANTS MORE CASH
' WILL APPEAL TO TEE BOARD OB
SUPERVISORS.
Row With the Federal Authorities
Still Goes Merrily
On.
Leon Dennery. secretary of the Board ol
Health, will make common ca use with
the Fire Department to-night and appear
i before the Finance Committee of the
Board of- Supervisors to urge upon that
body the necessity of an expansion of the
tax apportionment for the expenses of the
Health Department.
When the old Board of Supervisors fixed
the amount that the Board of Health was
I to receive it was not known that so many
! of Dan Burns' henchmen were to be un
foaded upon it. and all the figuring of
which Dennery _ls capable has failed to
make it go round. Consequently Mr Burns
has decided that the taxpayers will have
to put up the difference, and that hi 3
political debts may be paid Dennery will
to-night appeal to the Supervisors.
Dr. Barbara microbes are still giving
rise to some rather warm correspondence
between the municipal and the Federal
Health officers. Dr. Kinyoun of the Ma
rine Hospital service last week ad
! dressed a letter to the board in which he
severely criticized the findings of Dr.
Barbat in the case of the two dead Jap
anese from the Nippon Maru. Dr. Barbat
declared that he bad discovered and made
successful cultures of 'the true germ of
the dread bubonic plague from saliva
taken from the glands of the two Japan
ese Dr. Kinyoun ridiculed the statement
and criticized the methods by which Dr.
Barbat arrived at his conclusion, les
terday the board addressed a communica
tion to him, in which Dr. Barbat meth
ods were defended and his conclusions up-
After copious quotations from treatises
on the true plague germ, the letter reads
follows: that It was a well-known
; state that it was a well-known
fact to this board that there was a welt
equipped laboratory at the Federal Quar
antine Station. We have, been unable to
discover any communication from you to
that effect, and the Federal Quarantine
Officer has never yet been . sufflcientij
courteous to this board to m\ite it to
examine the facilities of Angel Isiand
••With regard to the ability to determine
the exact nature of any germ, we beg to
Inform you that we are fully competent
to undertake any work of this kind which
may come before us. . OT ,-, a thit
"knowing from past experience that
any report coming from this board was
willfully distorted and the facts withhe.d
from the Surveyor General of the Marine
Hospital service, we instructed our bac
teriologist to send you a slide of bubonic
plague bacilli, which was authentic, and
see whether you were really able to dis
tinguish them. Your published letter in
dicates that you are as liable to err as
Is our bacteriologist, and we feel that we
were justified in taking the stand we did
in order to properly protect the city of
San Francisco from any possibility or an
epidemic of bubonic plague.'
SUICIDE BY GAS.
Aged Charles Davis, Drunk and De
spondent, Ended His Days.
Charles Davi?. day clerk at the Model
lodging-house. 7::7 Mission street, com
mitted suicide some time last Sunday by
asDhyxiating himself with illuminating
ea* "He hall been drinking to excess dur
ing'the past week and was very despond
el The body was found in the disinfecting
room. Davis had locked the door on h;m
md had taken off the tip of the gas
. . in order to allow the fluid to es
cape the more quickly. r , ,
The dead man was a native of England
a::d u7 ;■ - ir> "M.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). jlO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main iO4^.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mary McKibben has sued her husband,
James McKibben, for a diTorce, alleging
cruelty as a cause of action. Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been filed by Burt Petrone against Daisy
Petrone, Charles H. Douglass against
Sarah Douglass and Louis \\ amberg
against Anna Wainberg.
Cn July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rate of $76. Occasion— annual meet-lna ot
the Epworth League. Get full particular! at
the Santa Fe rrn-*> t» Va-k»: street.
Angostura Bitters, prepared by I>r. J. G. B.
Siegert for his private use, has become famous
as the best appetizing 1 tor.lc.ASK SUPERVISORS TO
BREAK THEIR PLEDGE
improvement Clubs Petition for
Greater Appropriations.
Fire Department Threatens to Take Outside Engine
Companies Out of Commission if the Demand
for More Money Is Refused.
THE Finance Committee of the
•' Supervisors will meet to
ll :i to all protests that
| may be ma.l** by municipal depart
ments to the provisional estimates
that have been made to ;-"vern all ot
nditures until the tax levy is
- : tember. Many
ts are Insisting that
nduct their offices with
for their ut^e. They
g to cripple their depart- !
force the Supervisors to ,
• :_■ to make an assess- j
every $100 in a total as
ent 'if $350,000,000. The board is
ts determination to honor the |
i i 1 !^ members are willing to
• from any one who cares
: thinks that the Super
-1 onor with
of the city and county
who is in
ted in th< tt 3 ii vited to be
ent at 7:30 o'clock to-night t<> <>n
mmittee with
ons.
The preliminary battle was fought
moon, when representa
- <it" the improvement clubs of the
outlying districts and officials of the
1 Department appeared before the
►r.tire board to make two demands, one
[or an extraordinary additional appro
priation of $9500 for the Fire Depart
■ for ihe month of July and the
for a general increase for the
entire year for the same purpose. If
this were not done the Fire Department
Dfficials threatened to take out of com
mission engine companies in Richmond
n Ashbury Heights. Fire Com
hen threatened to do this
rrow. There was a long debate
in the matter, which was finally re
ferred for discussion to the Finance
Committee.
The fi--st petitioner to be heard was
George W. Fletcher, representing the
I : I.obos Improvement Club. He
urged the Supervisors to break their
pledge and provide for the petitioned
.ncrease. No condemnation would fol
low such action, he insisted, as it
would be taken in the public interest.
He then presented the following reso
lution, which he hoped would be intro
duced and adopted by the board:
Whereas, It appears that under the es
timates made by this board that the
efficiency of the Fire Department will be
with and that the Auditor and
■ : will l»e debarred from auditing :
.■Tie: demands on behalf of the Fire
maintain the apparatus
: as at present
fore, be ii
Resolved, That this board hereby adds
iiiatr-s made: by resolution No.
■ iurth series) the sum of nine thou
sand five hund] dollars for the
: paying the demands of era-
I are companies now
Ized for the month of July, 1899.
lived Th;.t further action will be
I r the Mayor's return
o that suit
STATEMENT OF AUDITOR WELLS TO THE SUPtRVISORS.
Demal . .......... (of 1898-9) audited on general fund to June 30. 1899. I89.M4 25
mding April 1. l*y&. of 1898-9 »]; .
.,J miner ending June 30, 1899 __'*••■■
m m
raid year ending June 30. 1S99 • S5C.461 80
$69.:>24 26
Demands In Auditor's office not audited .$38,504 00
Demands In office of Board of Supervisors not audited. as per statement _^_
«•"""
Appropriated per resolution of Board of Supervisors:
*■■
1 1H. i ( Ji JUMiLC .........••••«« ...... AArt (V)
BSr^^r":r;unnVfb^nVe:::::::::::::::::..-:-"v::::::: I7.7SO OP-jlg/RiO 00^-$330,978 9,
j
' $300. 25
...neral fund.. ***■! -^ 1* .,-=,« 74
• statement below), special fee fund 2S..QJ ah-t-.^.-i a
Deficiency general fund and special fee fund $22,110 51
SPECIAL FEE FUND.
Demands outstanding April 1. 1899 (of 1S98-9) g.«J g
Deraands audited quarter ending June SO, 1898 aia ■»-
$29, 1W 93
mda paid quarter ending June 30, 1899... 27 304 18
Demands paid quarter ending Juno 30, 1899... n.av* *»
_
Demands outstanding June SO, 1899 (of 1898-9) — - -rlq 75
Demands not audited ______
$H.312 18
Cash on hand Jun» 30. 1899 •■•*•* .•..».... *».«» 76
Deduct demands outstanding "■y'' 1 1?
eurrlu, carried to general fund above , $23,709 58
STREET LIGHT FUND.
• ;.q audited quarter ending June SO, 1S9D (none outstanding April 1, 1S99) $15?, 069 HZ
■- paid q larter ending June >', 1899 13o.Si8 20
$22,251 63
r«Fh on hand June 30. 1*99 SJ.6JZ »l
Surplus June 30, 1833 $63,26138
STREET DEPARTMENT FUND.
Demands outstanding April I. 1899 (of 18SS-9) $3,316 99
Demands audited Quarter ending June 30, 189a I3o,la7 17
$138,474 16
Demands paid year ending June 30. 1899 131. 30
nda outstanding audited to June 30, 1889 — $6,9S4 86
• r's office not audited $33,109 93
Btion No. 3013 3.300 00
Board ot Supervlaora, as per C. Williams' state-
31.170 79
- of Superintendent of Streets, as per C. Williams' state-
992 00
ation!!!! 19.584 67- $«S.3O7 89
Cash on hand $95,2!'2 .7
Ca-h on band 50.322 27
Deficiency June 30, 1899 S»4.4(59 98
Undpr decision of the Supreme Court. H9.5M 87, In suit against the city by the City Street
Improvement Company, has been '• ■!'•' in favor of the city. Is included in foregoing.
DISINTERMENT FUND.
. • l. 1899 $?00 r,n
.. ending June 3u, 1899 400 0<)
S6vu 00
Demanda paid ear er.ding June 30, 1839 6^' M
Cash in treasury $1,668 61
l>etiuct Juna salaries . 200 00
Surplus June 80, 3S9? — $1,4CS 63
PARK IMPROVEMENT FUND.
DomandB outstanding April 1. 1899 (of 1S3S-9) J16.706 "1
Demands audited year ending June 30, 1833 ; "1.721 20
' 127 71
Demands paid year c-r.ding June 30, 1S39 66,822 53
Demanda ntitstandinic June 30, 1899 $^2.W>5 IS
n hand 85,487 88
Surplus June 80, 1899 $2,832 20
SUMMARY, JUNE 30, 1899.
„ Surplus. Deficiency.
General fund and special fee fund $22,110 51
Street light fund $63,261
Street Department fund 44,989 98
Djslnterment fund 1 468 63
Park improvement fund 2,832 20
_. . . _ $67,562 21 $67,080 49
t~* let ur*jici*^ncy June 30, 1S99 •■•••••••••■•••••«••••••«■■••»•*••••••■•••••■ 67,080 49
Net surplus June 30, 1899 $481 72
t i 6a «Si* s w! lne ' 1S99 ntral an( l apeclal fee fund to the amount of $156,340 15. allowed la
July, ISM. Fiscal year UM-19M. ... • — *— - , .
able provision be made fur the main
tenance of said department.
Resolved, That the attention of the
Auditor and Treasurer be and is hereby
called to the provisions of this resolution.
C. STADER,
President Federation of Improvement !
Clubs.
CARTER HOUSTON.
C. D. SAL.FIECD,
President Panhandle Improvt-mentClub.
H. E. GRIFFITHS,
Ocean View and Ingloside Club.
THOMAS R. CARBW,
1533 TTaller street.
WALTER D. BURKS.
L. A. REA.
North Beach Club.
F. J. MEYERS.
Holly Park Club.
M. F. TAYLOR,
Ocear: View Improvement Club.
GUSTAVB SCHNEE,
Sunnyside Improvement Club.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER.
Point Iyobos Improvement Club.
E. L. WAGNER,
Golden Gate Valley Improvement Club.
Gustave Sehnee was then piven a j
hearing, and after speaking briefly sub
mltted the following 1 petition:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 10. 1899.
To the Honorable the Board of Super
visors, City— Gentlemen: The annexed
preamble and resolution were unanimous
ly passed by the citizens ami taxpayers
of the city ami county of San Francisco
in meeting assemoled this day In D part
ment 6 of the Superior Court, and we sub
mit the same to your honorable body tor
' favorable consideration, and that the
• same be acted up'-n at once.
GUSTAVE SCHNEE. chairman.
11. E. GRIFFITH, Secretary.
C. D SALFIELD, President Panhandle
and Ashbury Heights Improvement Club. :
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Point 1. 5
Improvement Club.
M. F. TAYLOR. President Ocean View
Improvement Club.
WILLIAM WRIGHT. Golden Gate Val
ley Club. '
j E. OWENS. Richmond District <. lub.
WALTER D. BURKE, St. Nicholas
Laundry.
C. STADER, Federation of Improve
ment Clubs.
Wher.-n>-. <>n acnunt of an Insufficiency
in the appropriation for the Fire D<
ment it has been threatening to disband a
1 number of fire companies and engine
houses in this city; therefore be it
Resolved. That we view with the great
est alarm the proposition to disband any
of the engine nouses and fire companies
in this city and we sini •r< ly ;
against any action of the Board of S
visors which will impair in the least the
present efficiency of the Fire Department
of this city, and we dtrnand that sufficient
appropriation be made for the mainten-
I ance of said departnu-nt and that no tire
; companies in this city and county be dis
banded. GUSTAVE SCHNEE,
Chairman of Citizens Meeting.
H. E. GRIFFITHS,
Secretary of Citizens' Meeting.
When this petition had been read
Supervisor Perrault said that he wished
to know if the speakers favored the ',
dollar limit. The board had been
pledged to this limit and he could not
see how reductions were to be made
and the pledge honored. The Mer
chants' Association had pvomised to
submit estimates an.! Supervisor Per
rault wanted to see them. He urged
that the whole matter be referred to
the Finance Committee. Supervisor
Uckmann placed this recommendation
in a formal motion. Before a vote was
taken Fire Commissioner Bohen and
Chief Sullivan protested, hut the mo
tion was adopted and the Finance j
THE SAN FBA:N CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
Committee will listen to the discussion
to-night.
ROUTINE WORK.
Petitions and Objections Keep
the Supervisors Busy.
The Board of Supervisors met in regu
lar session yesterday afternoon. The May
or was absent and Supervisor Collins oc
cupied the chair. Regular routine busi
ness gave way to the reading of petitions
from many districts against the curtail
ment of the appropriation for the Fire De
partment. After this question was disposed
of the regular procedure was taken up.
The North End property owners, fearful
that the $1 tax limit will be rescinded, ad
dressed the following letter to the board:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors-
Gentlemen: As taxpayers and voters of the
city, we hear with dismay the fact that
the proposed tax rate shall be $1.07. We
have reason to believe the members of your
honorable body will carry out and live up
to the solemn pledges you took when elect
ed to your offices. There is absolutely no
good reason why the tax rate should not
be 94 cents, as stated by the Assessor;
certainly not more than $1. Useless offi
cials, clerks who do nothing, large, fat con
tractors and rake-offs can be dispensed
with easily and without loss. Every on*
of the taS -eating officials should be re
stricted to what an ordinary business man
can easily run his business— fair amount
without provision for a lot of parasites
who eat out the substance of the munici
pal treasury.
The so-called St. Mary's Square scheme,
panhandle scheme and similar schemes for
filching the taxpayers should be abandon
ed and the schemers compelled to foot the
bills. The taxpayers should not be com
pelled to pay a lot of real estate agents
j who find themselves with a lot of unsal
able or unrentable property outrageous
prices for their holdings in order to in
. crease our tax-paying burdens by estab
lishing useless squares or panhandles. We
have enough squares, and Golden Gate Fork
end the Presidio afford all the recreation
ground and are even then only Infrequently
utilized, though we pay hundreds of thou
sands of dollars to maintain them. We
earnestly hope the board will strictly ad
here to the dollar limit without going bo
yond It for any special purpose whit-iver.
Let the tax rate be $1 or less for ill pur
poses, which, with the extraordinary State
rate, about (estimated) 58 cents, will be
sufficiently burdensome.
North End Property Owners' Association,
J. WILLIAMS. Secretary.
A petition "raying for the creation of a
free employment bureau to be maintained
by the city and county was referred to
the License and Ordinance Committee. It
was signed by several hundred of the
leading business houses of the city.
The Board of Appraisers appointed to
find out just how much the panhandle
scheme will cost submitted to the board
an estimate of the coin it will need during
the year to come and a request that it be
provided for in the tax levy. The sum re
quired is 115,000, of which 112,810 is to be
used "for salaries of members of board
and attaches," and another 51000 for "ad
ditional clerical assistance and incidental
expenses." The petition was referred to
the Finance Committee.
Supervisor E. 1.. Perrault introduced a
resolution that all supplies hereafter fur
nished any municipal department should
;be awarded by contract. The resolution
■ was killed.
I The surplus of $33,000 from the street
liKhtinsc fund was turnr-rt into the general
fund and the Treasurer ordered to make
the transfer.
A resolution was adopted which requires
an appropriation of $2i),ih'hj in the next tax
levy to pay the expenses incurred by the
Board of Engineers in the preparation of
plans and estimates for sewers and drain
afre.
The reception committee which was ap
pointed to prepare a welcome for the
First California presented its report, but
the matter was laid over a week.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Edward H. Goetz, for permission to main
tain advertising signs not to exceed eight feet ]
in height on top of the building on the south
east corner of Sutter and Powell streets ; Charles
Harris, for permission to construct a frame and
galvanized iron second story in the rear of the
brick building at 625 and 027 Front street:
Philip Hinltle. for the passage of an order re
quiring owners of sidewalk elevators to use
, Borne reliable means of saving life and pre
venting accident; Henry Rowe. for permission
to extend steps of premises on west side of
Cole street, twenty-five feet north of Frederick,
out upon the sidewalk for a distance of two
feet; Pacific Paving Company, on behalf of
property owners, for permission to pave with
bituminous rock Linden avenue, between Bu
chanan and Webster streets; Flinn & Treacy.
for permission, 0:1 behalf of property owners,
to construct an eight-inch ironstone pipe sewer
In York street, between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth; Catharine MaKulre. for a quit
claim deed from the city to a lot on the south
west corner of Twenty- fifth street and Hoff
man avenue,- also a lot in the College Home
stead and other property; John Rapp & Son. for
permission to construct a platform to cover a
portion of the sidewalk on Division street at
the southeast corner of Kansas; Lawrence &
Walsh, for permission to maintain a barber
pole in front of premises at 15 Powell street ;
property owners, for a reduction of the width
of the sidewalks on East avenue, between
Holly Park and Andover avenue, from thirteen
to ten feet; Albert Meyer, for permission to
grade, macadamize, etc., roadway and side
walks of the westerly half of Eighteenth ave
nue between H and I streets, the southerly
half of H street and the northerly half of I
street, between Eighteenth anil Nineteenth
avenues, and one-fourth of the crossings of
Eighteenth avenue and I street. Eighteenth ave
nue and H street. Nineteenth avenue and I
street and Nineteenth avenue -and H (street; G.
F Gray, for permission to construct 69 9-12
lineal feet of sidewalk on east side of Wlnthrop
Street, 68 9-12 feet north of Lombard street,
and place post across the pnme at each end;
George Healing, for the repair of the sewer in
Sacramento street, between Locust and Spruce;
property owners, requesting Board of Super
visor* to include in next tax levy $160,000 for the
1 purchase of land and the final completion of the
Hall of Justice, according to the estimates of
the architects.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following" protests were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Property owners, against the paving of the
crossing of Chestnut and Leavenworth streets;
M. J. Newmark, against the construction of a
sewer in the crossing of Chapultepeo street and
Virginia avenue; Elizabeth G. Buckley, guard
ian against the laying of artificial stone side
walks onO'Farrell streets, between Laguna and
Octavia; estate of Egbert Judson, against the
laying of artificial stone sidewalks on Page
street, between Fillmore and Steiner.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were re
ceived and referred to the proper com
mittees: .
■ Merchants' Association, In regard to practice
of teamsters in driving along bituminus paved
streets with wheels on one side of their vehicles
on the car tracks and those on the other side
on the bitumen; John H. Sievers, accepting the
offer to compromise his claim against the city
for $3000; Market Street Railway Company, re
porting that all its electric cars are now equip
• ped with Douglas fenders.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Resolutions were adopted ordering the
performance of street work as follows: i
Burrltt street, from Bush to southerly termin- i
ation of Burrltt, 10-inch ironstone pipe sewer
.to ponnest with, sewer In. £"££ ■Jreat 1 with,
storm water inlet at southerly end of Burritt
DECLARATIONS OF INTENTION,
Resolutions declaring Intention to order
street work were adopted as follows:
Granite curbs on . Shrader street, between
Waller and Frederick, where not already laid,
roadway to be paved with bitumen; granite
curbs on Washington street, between Laurel
and Locust, roadway to be paved with bitu
men; artificial stone sidewalks on east side of
Fillmore street, between Halght and Waller;
artificial stone sidewalks on south side of
Halght street, between Fillmore and Steiner;
plank sidewalks on west side of Fifth avenue,
between Clement and California south: granite
curbs and bitumen pavement on Twenty-ninth
street, between Sanchez and Noe.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recom
mended that street work be ordered as
follows: " •'
Redwood curbs on Ninth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street, road
way to be i graded and remacadamlied; paving
with bitumen of the crossing of Union and
Franklin streets; cesspool, culvert granite curbs
and artificial stone sidewalk on northwesterly
corner of Bay street and Montgomery avenue,
roadway of crossing to be paved with basalt
blocks; granite curbs or. liuehanan street, be
tween Union and Filbert; artificial stone side
walks on Monroe street, between Bush and
ne * STREET "WORK ACCEPTED.
Resolutions were adopted accepting the
following street work:
Army street between San Jose avenue and
Guerrero street, bitumen;- Laurel street be
tween Washington and Jackson, basalt and
bitumen; Alabama Street between Twenty
third and Twenty-fourth, bitumen.
TIME EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
Extensions of time on street work con
tracts were granted as follows:
Warren & Malley, ninety days, macadam
izing Stelr.er street between Chestnut and
Francisco: same, ninety days, macadamizing
Pierce street between Chestnut and Francisco.
HAPPY QUARANTINE VICTIMS.
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
The following contracts for street work
were awarded:
San Francisco Paving Company, granite
curbs anil paving of roadway on Filbert street
•between Baker and Broderick. at 2i« ; 3 cents a
square foot for paving and 99 cents a lineal
foot for laying granite curbs:. Peter McHugh,
remaeadamlzlnK roadway and sidewalks at
crossing of Twentieth avenue and Chestnut
street at 6 cents a square foot for macadam
izing sidewalk; W. C. Bead, paving crossing
of Clay and Lyon streets with bitumen' at M
cents a square foot.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Permission to perform the following
street work by private contract was
granted:
Masonic avenue between Oak and Pago
streets, curbs and paving with bitumen. Pan
Francisco Paving Company ; Linden avenue
between Buchanan and Webster streets, bitu
men pavement and granite curbs. Pacific Pav
ing Company.
ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recom
mended the full acceptance of street
work as follows: '-.;
Thirteenth street from Church to Sanchez,
bitumen, private contract, San Francisco Pav
ing Company; Sixteenth street crossing of
Church, bitumen, private contract, City Street
Improvement Company; Baker street from
Jackson street to Pacific avenue, basalt, pri
vate contract, Flinn & Treacy.
TIME EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recom
mended that extensions of time on street
contracts be granted as follows:
Flinn & Treacy, sixty days on contract to
pave Central avenue crossing Haight street;
same, sixty days on contract to construct a
sewer in the Intersection of Joost, Circular and
San Jose avenues and Diamond street.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
The Superintendent of the Almshouse
was ordered to grade and macadamize
Dewey boulevard through the Almshouse
tract.
The City and County Attorney was
asked for his opinion as to the proper
action to be taken by the board fixing
the official grade of Sanchez and Twenty
first streets. -,.■ :•
The City Engineer was directed to re
port to the board proper grades for dis
trict bounded by H street. Twenty-fifth
avenue, X street and Twenty-eighth ave
nue at a contingent cost of $risr>; also the
district bounded by H and X streets and
Twenty-second and Twenty-fifth avenues
at a contingent cost of $455; also to fur
nish ur? board with a survey of all streets
in Spring Valley Homestead and a de
scription of the property of R. C. de
Boom said to have been appropriated by
the city and also an estimate of the value
of said property; also description of land
to be acquired for opening street for
drainage purposes at a contingent cost of
$470.
The Superintendent of Streets was di
rected to recommend such street im
provements in the Ingleside district as
to enable the Ocean View Fire. Engine
Company to respond promptly to fire
alarms. ;
Yesterday's Bankrupt.
TV. H. Graves, Berkeley, $239 15; no aa-
BAGGAGE OF
NIPPON MARU
IS RELEASED
Customs Authorities
Do Good Work.
ACTION TAKEN ONE DAY AHEAD
QUARANTINED PASSENGERS TO
BE RELEASED TO-DAY.
All Express Themselves as Highly
Plenscd With Their Courteous
Treatment— A Baby Girl
Born in Quarantine.
United States Surveyor of the Port
Chauncey M. St.. John took a force of Cus
tom-house inspectors, examiners, apprais
ers and laborers to the quarantine station
on Angel Island yesterday afternoon and
released the baggage of the passengers of
the Nippon Maru. who have been unwill
ing sojourners there for the past two
weeks. Early this morning the quaran
tine will be lifted by the Federal authori
ties and the grateful prisoners will be al
lowed to leave a spot whi'h will always
have rather unpleasant recollections for
them.
It was entirely owing to the courtesy of
the Custom-house officers that the bag
gage was examined to-day, and the work
was done expeditiously. But two hours
were consumed in handling a mass of
packages which covered the wharf, and
many were the encomiums passed upon th«
officers for the creditable way in which
they performed their duties. Inspectors
of Immigration H. H. Scheil and A. de la
Torre were on hand, but had little to do.
The brunt of their labors will come to-
I day. when the steerage passengers are
released.
The people who have been sequestered
in the interest of public health were pro
fuse in their expressions of thanks to the
steamship company and to Dr. Klnyoun,
Federal quarantine officer, for their earn
est efforts to make their enforced stay on
the island as pleasant as possible under
the circumstances. The days have passed I
agreeably enough, and the courtesy of the
Custom-house authorities in passing the
baggage one day ahead was deeply ap
preciated by all concerned.
An event which served to add interest to
the isolation was the birth of a little girl
two days ago. The mother, Mrs. May
■Jackson Hill, was attended by Dr. Kin
youn and Mrs. 1 >r. Annie Walter Fearn,
one of the passengers. ;ind a medical mis
sionary. The mother is the wife of a
royal engineer in her Majesty's service in
the Orient. Considerable entertainment
was afforded in the naming of the baby, i
A request was made thai she be named
"Quarantina Angelina." but the mother;
compromised on Margaret Frances.
George Newhall and Thomas D. McKay,
Oriental passenger agent of a dozen lines,
were jubilant at their unexpected release,
and expressed themselves as highly
pleased at everything except the fact that ;
they were obliged to sleep In one room,
where there were thirteen iron beds, and :
they rather thought that the cubic air
law had been violated.
STRUCK WITH AN IRON BAR.
Hung Dung Chow, a Chinese Mer
chant. Attacked by Two High
binders.
Hung Purer Chow, a Chinese merchant
at 60S Jackson Btreet, swore to a com
plaint In Judge Mogan'a court yesterday
for 'he arrest of Lee Wee Too and an
other highbinder on the charge of as-
Bault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness has been in
terested in a civil suit for damages
against a Stockton boat, and yesterday
morning the two highbinders called at
his and demanded indemnity from
him. . When he refusc-i one of them
struck him on the head with an iron
bar, which he had concealed under his
blouse, knocking him Benseless. He had a
lump on hl.= head ns hiK ;>s a man's fist.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
Mrs. Lung's Denial.
Mrs. Elizabeth Lung filed answer yes
terday to the complaint of her husband,
l>r. George A. Lung, surgeon of tho
cruiser Philadelphia, who seeks a divorce
on the grounds of Intemperance and
cruelty, in which she enters general denial
to the many allegations of the complaint.
She denii s that she has been guilty of in
tempeianee: that she treated her husb Li d
cruelly: that she was ever incapacitated
and unable to perform h<'r duties, ami
that she caused her husband great mental
suffering. She asks that a decree of di
vorce be denied her husband and that she
l <■> given Judgment for suitable alimony,
together with counsel fees and costs.
For Fire Protection.
At the mass meeting which was held In
the chambers of Department 6 of the Su
perior Court yesterday afternoon to take
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
200 PIECES ENGLISH OUTING FLANNEL, best
quality, medium and dark coloring's,
stripes and plaids,
Price ?2 cents per yard.
30 PIECES BLACK AND COLORED STORM SERGE,
in two different wales, 46 inches wide,
warranted all wool, a positive bargain,
Price 60 cents per yard,
U\j Murphy Building-, M
Market and Jones Streets.
action on the reduction of the Fire De
partment it was de-idrd to hold another
meeting at the came place at 7 o'clock
this evening, at which time an effort will
be made to devise ways and means to
keep the department intact. It is expect
ed that all who are interested In the mat
ter will attend.
To Be Installed.
The officers of Stanford Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West, will be in- |
stalled in Shasta Hall this evenin? by
District Deputy <»ranrl President Henry
F. Porr.au. After the ceremony of In
stallation there will he the semi-annual
banquet commencing' at lo o'clock.
There will be a public installation this
evening of the officers of Unity l^odge of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen in
Laurel Hall of the Shiels building, after ,
which there will be an entertainment and
dancing.
The officers of Pioneer I>odpe of the
Friends of the Forest will be installed
this evening and the event will be fol
lowed by a banquet in the banquet hail of
the Foresters' building.
To-morrow nit, r ht the officers of Rincon
Parlor. Native Sons of the Golden West,
will be installed in public in Shasta Hall.
Native Sons' building. Refreshments will
be served after the ceremony.
Benefit for Flood Sufferers.
There will be a concert by the Twenty
fourth Infantry band at the B;arr Kin?
A. M. K. Zion Church, on Stockton street. '
between Sacramento and day. this,
evening at 8 o'clock. The proceeds of th>>
concert will be sent to the flood sufferers
in Texas.
A Senseless Joker.
During the past week some silly per
i son has been telephoning: to the Receiving
i Hospital for the ambulance to £•> to dlf
! ferent parts of the city. While the ambu
! lance has been away on these fool errands
in some Instances calls were received for
! urgrent casen. and the patrol wagon had
to be sent. The police have been notified
I and the telephone company has I •••• □
I asked to keep tab on all calls for the am
: bulance, with the object of tracing the
I Joker.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QUEER METHODS.
A SAN FRANCISCO MEDICAL IN-
STITUTION WHICH IS CRE-
ATING NO SMALL
AMOUNT OF TALK.
Interest Aroused Throughout the
State and City.
The well-known specialists. Dr. Mey-
ers & Co., 731 Market street, are creat-
ing a great deal of excitement in medi-
cal circles. They are the only physi-
cians in America who will wait for
their fee until their patients are cured.
Other doctors and electric belt venders
who are trying to 'mitate Dr. Meyers
& Co.'s methods of curing men of
weakness and disease, but who dare
not imitate their terms, are greatly
agitated. On the other hand, the sev-
eral hundred men who are now treat-
ing with Dr. Meyers & Co., and the
thousands who have been cured by
these able specialists, are smiling with
satisfaction.
The universal success attained by
Dr. Meyers & Co. is due not only to
their ability and long experience, but
also to the thorough equipment of their
large institution. The staff is composed
of physicians of the highest standing,
specialists who are recognized as au-
thority on all subjects pertaining to
diseases and weakness of men.
Dr. Meyers & Co. restore victims of
nervous debility to perfect manhood
and cure all private diseases quickly
and permanently. They cure diseases
of the kidney, bladder, spine, liver and
stomach, also piles, varicocele. rupture,
stricture, contagious blood poison, etc.
Home cures a specialty. Call or write
for terms, symptom blanks, advice and
•Private Counselor for Men," all free.
Dr. Meyers & Co., 731 Market street,'
San Francisco. Elevator entrance.
Hours, 8 to 5 daily, 7 to 8 evenings, 9 to
11 Sundays. Xo charge for consulta-
tion. Prices reasonable.
AMUSEMJEJMTS.
AND OPPRA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.). Lessee.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Magnificent Revival in English of Bizat's
Charming Opera,
"CARMEN !"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR." Reserved. 35c and 50c.
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved, 13e.
GALLERY, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 2.V . Family Circle 13c
■ :'■'■ .':: ■.. ■- -, Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
N'fXT WEEK "OLIVETTE "
ON SALE FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
6 Admission 81.00 Coupon
Ticket Transferable,
FOR THE
International Cakewalk Carnival
and Fair.
MECHANICS' PAVILION. JULY 15 to 22.
At the Following Leading; Stores and Places of
Business:
The Emporium; Hale Bros. & Co.: M. A.
Gunst & Co., Market st. ; Cineograph Parlors;
Dan P. Carter; The Z*>no Mauvals Music Co.;
and other stores.
These $1 tickets will be withdrawn from sale
July 15.
REGULAR ADMISSION. 25c.
Liberal proportion of carnival receipts given
to the "California Soldier Boys' Fund." - - '
AMUSEMENTS.
3RD PRODUCTION OF THE SEASON!
COMPLETE ARTISTIC TRIUMPH!
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
•*AENRyAIILLER :
A Sff (Ml COMPANY-
First Time In This Country Outside of N. T.
SElat I LORD AND
™Is£r I LADY ALGY
mi. ■ ■ m'\wmm A BRILLIANT COMEDY
By R. C. Carton, Author of "Liberty Hall."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander. Manager.
GOOD-QY TO-NIGHT !
Farewell Performances of the
LAMRARDI GRAND ITALIAN OPERA CO.
By Special Request, Rossini's Beautiful Comic
Opera,
"TH'! Klßhlit OF SEVILLE."
All of the srreat principals in to-night's cast.
Popular prices.
- V :V-1V THURSDAY NIGHT,
,'V-^ " 4 JULY 13.
•VtllSsP^ *• Mr- Frawlev Presents
," JT m ' MiSS BLANCHE BATES
■ '$&' AND COMPANY
\tiL, %'' <In the Late Augustln,
vE~» *$> v / Daly's Most Success-
* v* j? » ful Comed y>
**». tjF •' 'TFELASI WORD."
*" =«>■'»••" STRICTLY POPULAR
•* v PRICES.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
Of the Eminent Barytone,
MB. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
In the Romantic Comic Opera,
" SH AMUS__O'BRIEN."
NEXT THURSDAY EVENING,
The Spectacular Extravaganza,
BLUE BEARD!
(In Summer Attire)
THE LATEST CRAZES.
SEE "THE WHIRLWIND DANCERS"
Direct _|rom Paris.
Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
POPULAR PKlCfcte...Ssc and 000
Our Telephone— Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Alexander Dumas" play of Intense emotion,
CAMILLE !
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS CAMILLE.
PRICES..., 15c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
NEXT— NEW MAGDALENE.
FALL OF THE BASTILE!
• French National
Celebration ....
FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899
ALL DAY !
ALL NIGHT!
AT THE CHUTES!
LITERARY EXERCISES, CONCERT, GAMES.
PYROTECHNICAL SHAM NAVAL
BATTLE ON LAKE.
FIREWORKS. GRAND BALL.
ADMISSION 25 cents. CHILDREN 10 cents.
GROUNDS OPEN AT 10 A. M.
ALL NIGHT ELECTRIC CARS.
MISS MINNIE PALMER
(The Original My Sweetheart.)
In the Dainty One-Act Play, "ROSE
POMPOM."
Assisted by FRANCIS JERRARD. Late of Th«
Haymarket Theater, London;
GEORGE WILSON, Premier Monologulst.
THE RIXFORDS, Acrobatic Wonders.
MII.LIAN AND SHIELDS, Comedians.
HAVES AND LYTTON, MORIE. THE FAR-
RELLS, GARDNER BROS.
Reserved Seats. 2:.c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
iIT 71 ~~-~~
i> d L v? Those who were ther9
n say the Panorama is a
A~\TT correct representation.
<Lr£ Lectures by Prof W.
-i_ G. ROLLINS after-
/Vl *-» »■» i B «-» noons and evenings.
XTlclllllcl Market st., nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c
Bay! Children. 25c.
hIJTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. ■■-;>
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M. J
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M
ADMISSION, We. CHILDREN. 5o
Bathing, including admission, 25c; Chil- '
dren, 20c.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address. la la*
.United States, postpaid, lor fl per year.
78
CO M M E RCIAL WORLD
BUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull and unchanged.
Barley and Oats firmer.
Corn and V-: ■ dull.
Heavier receipts of Hay.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans firm and Seeds dull.
Potatoes firm azaln.
Vegetables In t'ood supply.
Butter firmer and Eggs higher.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Peaches and Plum? doing better.
Oranges cleaning up.
Dried Apples I'.wer and Apricots higher.
Another advance in llama.
Bacon and Lard firm.
Hogs again advanced.*
Grain Bags stiff.
MEXICAN SPECIE IMPORTS.
Receipts of specie from Mexico at this port,
principally by rail, for the first half of the
year compare as follows: im im
Silver dollars $1,133,471 W%HI
Silver bullion 802,792 450.290
Gold bullion SB?817 439.4^
To ta! J1.826.050 $1,095,668
GOVERNMENT MONET HERE.
Julius .Tr.cohs.. Assistant Treasurer of th«
Unite. i States at Snn Francisco, reports cash
en hand June 3') as follows:
Untied States notes $4 ?--; - n.
Treasury notes of IS9O Kj.485 00
Go^'c-rt!""^'""::::::::::::: :::::: »£z»«
Silver certificates :::::::: •.»:! 22
Gold coin 9.325.169 Sa
Standard silver dollars 26.23 : 4 ., 22
Subsidiary silver coin "Hx? 2?
Minor coin 13.035 01
Total $36,597,970 S6
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
In the month of June, 1539, were as follows:
Standard silver dollars •••■ "so'bTO
Total .:...SSIB.OTO
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 10, 1599, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were j
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eur.ka, 60; Fresno. 102; Los Angeles. S4; Red
Piuff. ??.: San Luis Obispo, 82; San Diego. 63;
Sacramento, :>>: Independence, 92; rurna. 9S.
Pan Francisco data -Maximum temperature.
TO; minimum. .".0; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
T hf pressure has fallen slowly over Northern j
, California and Oregon. It has risen over 1 tah |
and Arizona. An ar-n of low pressure la mak
ing its way northward along the .sierras and
may cause showers In Southern California
Tuesday morning. . „ „
The tercperatcre has fallen decidedly over i
Vtah and Northern Arizona. Thunderstorms,
•with moderate rain, have occurred in Arizona
'The following mnximum wind velocities are
reported: Salt Lak» City. SO miles per hour
from the south: Cedar City, 32 southeast, anl
El Paso. 26 northeast. .»...;
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 11. 1599:
i Northern Californla-^Cloudy Tuesday; fresh j
northwest -wind changing to southwest.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday: prob- .
ably showers in the pastern portion; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada- Cloudy Tuesday, with showers in the
southern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday, with showers; prob
ably thunderstorms. .
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday: showers in the
mountains. „
San Francisco and vicinity-Cloudy Tuesday:
brisk westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW y<"-i:k stock market.
NEW YORK July 10. — The continued tight
ness in the money market precipitated liquida
tion of the speculative accounts to-day wh!di
resulted in losses in value ranging from $1 to $3
a share in all the principal active stocks traded
In. Heavy selling: for London account marked
the opening en the Exchange, and as the day
progressed the successive calling of loans re
sulted in the raising of the loan, rate to 7 per
cent. This rate forced many speculators on the
loiig side to close out. There were important
points of weakness besides in one or two prom
inent stocks, of which the boars were quick to
take advantange. and which was a patent influ
ence in the tendency to decline. Most conspicu
ous of these was People's Gas. which opened
at 117. against 120 V on the last sale Saturday.
There were heavy offerings of this stock, but,
determined support worked a quick rally of
I\. Afterward it fell below the opening price
and closed with a net lass of nearly 3 points.
The motive of the selling was the reported
plan cf a rival company to organize a com
peting service upon the expiration of the pres
ent agreement. The demands made upon the
Metropolitan Street Railway Company on be
' half of its employes and the danger of a
costly str.ke caused the stock of that com
pany to drop ?A S at one lime. The dealings in
it v.ere not heavy and the tone was feverish
throughout, the last sale showing a net loss
or 2 1 -. All the local traction stocks were af
fectea sympathetically, Manhattan losing 3
points and Br.vkiyn Transit over 2 on the day.
Sugar was a.so notably weak, the selling being
credited to realizing by speculative holders.
The combined wt-aknes.s of these influential
eto< ks was sufficient to cause a demoralized i
feeling throughout the group of industrials. In
the railroad I.st the weakness was more re- j
Ftricted to the stocks which have beei re- I
centiy (>U£hed up by speculative manipulation, i
Pennsylvania. New York Central. Atchison j
preferred, Burlington. Reading first preferred !
and other stocks equally prominent in the
.speculative world were at one time 2 points or
more below Saturday's price.
The grangers generally, the coalers and the !
trunk lines declined from 1 to 2 point? Trie !
Southern and Southwestern stocks as a rule |
Ehowed resistance to the decline and their net I
losses are for the most part srcall fractions, j
The steel stocks also were a little affected by [
the prevailing weakness. The break in prices •
was due to the miscalculation of operators as j
to the period of relief expected in the money \
market. The d>?lay in this matter seems to be j
due to uneasiness causd in foreign centers by ;
the situation in the Transvaal. France was
an eager bidder for gold in the London market
to-day and the rate of discount in London was
marked up a fraction, although'ca'l money was !
easier thcrv. Thf- cnll loan rate went to 7 per i
cent in New York, but the only effect on the |
sterling ex.hange market was a fall of a frac- !
tlon In the rate for long standing. The pres- j
sure on London was from Parir. and was re- !
fleeted here in sales estimated as high as 50,- |
C*Ki shares. The shrinkage in values, coming on I
the lew level of the New Yor* bank reserve,
necessitated the calling of loar.s.. which in
many cases It was found difficult to replace
with other accommodations. The market i
showed very feeble rallying power and closed
very slightly above the lowest. In the early
dealings there was a large demand for he
Southwest seconds, which gained \. all of i
which was subsequently lost. Bonds generally i
were w»ak Tntal sales, par value. $2.7.J7,0X>.
United States 3s registered advanced H and the
old 4s registered declined % in the bid I pice.
The total sale of stook to-day amounted to
r44.6?2 shares, inch. dim:: American .Steel. 9300;
Amfrican Sugar. 30.200; Atch:son, 30,700; Atchi
son preferred. C4,SiX>: Brooklyn Rapid Transit.
46.500; Burlington. SOX!: Federal. Steel, 6S00;
Federal St^el preferred. 3335; Louisville and '
Nashville. fvSfiO: Manhattan. 35.500; Northern
Pacific. 7100; People's Gas. 10,900: Heading first
&Paul !
38.100; Southern pr»ferred, 6900; Union Pacific, :
9600; Union Pncific preferred. 3500; American
Tobacco. 4S00; Anacnda. 6000: i 1 more and j
Ohio preferred. SO0O; Central Pacific, 3i">00:
Chcsan"ak? and Ohio. 11. ,M*»: Chicago Great
"Western. 10,800: Colorado Fuel and Iron. 3SO0;
Continental Tobacco. 771 V); ■■:■•■ litai 9700;
Missouri Pacific, 13,000; New York Centra 10,
--600; Northwest, 3f*o: Northwest preferred. 4OCC
Ontario and Western. 5000; Pennsylvania. IS, ■
S r -0: St. Louis preferred. 34'V>: Southern Pacific,
COOO; Tennessee C.-.ul and Iron. 13.900.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchis^n 19 -i St 1' & Ora 104
Do prefd fio' t Do prpfd 175
P-altimoie & Ohio. 45 Am Smelting &R. 3:>4
Canada Pacific 9S Do prefd '. S2
•Canada Southern.; 33 So Railway ll^s
Central Pacific SI 4 Do prefd.- bo'% j
'•lies * Ohio 27-., Texas & Pacific . 2tT54
Chi 4- Alton 150 Union Pacific 42^ i
Chi B & Q 134^i Do prefd 76 .
Chi & E 111 73 Nor & W prefd 69*;
Do prefd 122 Vi VV abash 74
Ch! G W 14 Do prefd 21»»
Chi Ind & L ■; W * I- E mew).... 8?»
Po prefd..' 4 1 Do £d prefd ... 24 U
Chi A- x IV J'i Express Companies-
Do prefd 19S Adams Ex 11l
CC C & St L 57 American Ex 137
Do prefd 96 United States (8
Del & Hudson ,1214 Wells Fargo 126
T"-\ L & W 1684 Miscellaneous-
Den a R!o G.. .. 20 7 • A Cot Oil 354
Do prefd. ex-div. 74S Do prefd 92
Erie (new) 13't Am Spirits 6»4 !
Do Ist prefd 36*+ "o prerd 29
Ft Wayne I*2 Am Tobacco 9«
C.I Nor" prefd. .. 159' i Do prefd 142
Glurose 67i t Cor.s Gas 18© Vi j
Illinois Central.... 114* i Com Cable Co 17S
Lake Erie & W.... 16*4 Col F & Iron 444 ,
Do rrefd 73 . Do prefd 101
Lake Shore 201) Gen Electric 118^4
Loufs & Nash 71 Haw Com Co 110
Manhattan L 11^4 Federal Steel 67*
Met -■ Ry :.:■. Do prefd SO
Michigan Central. .lll Intl Paper 414
Minn .v St L 74 I Do prefd » .
Do M prefd 90 : < JLaclede Gas 634
.Mo Pacific 45 Lead SMI
Mobile & Ohio .. 3*Ui Do prefd --- 112 ,
Mo X & T 12 Brooklyn R T 114%
'Do prefd... MUNat Lin Oil I |
N 3 Central 117 Pacific Mali 47 j
N V Central 137 People's Gas 11. :
N T C & St L m; Pullman Pal 1594- I
Do Ist prefd « Silver Certificates. 60 j
rwj 2d prefd 31 'Standard X & T... 744 i
. — ■ . . . ■ - . ■
I Nor West 201, Sugar 1"" : *
No Amer Co 11 Do prefd 116 I
No Pacific 4&V4 T C & Iron 87%
1 Do prefd 76 r ' , U 8 Leather a\
I Ontario & \V 26 Do prefd 63- A
Or R& •■ prefd .73 US Rubber ■•■• 51 i ;
I Pacific Coast S8 i Do prefi 117'-i >
Do Ist prefd M We stern Union.. ?9t»
Do 2d prefd 55 A:;: S & W C 0.... 54H j
1 Pitlsburg 1-! I 1 >■• prefd »SV-»
i Reading 20% Cont Tobacco 39% I
Do Ist prefd 60% Do prefd 80 I
I R i; w 33 I National Steel 5»»»
Do prefd 73 Do prefd 4. : si
Rock Inland 176<4 Colo Southern 5
,Bt l,ouis & S F.... lOVi Do Ist prefd 43
Dn prefd 70 i Do 2-1 prrtfd ... i:
I Do 2d prefd 37 lAnaconda 84%
Ft Louis & S \V... "<<_. }I"<p S!<-ei 59
i Do prefd 33't Do prefd 1$
St Paul 13>> Am Tin 36
Do prefd 174 I Do prefd &5
Bo Pacific 31 l .i
(SING BONDS.
G 8 Zi res 101 M K. & T 2d«< 67i»
Do 3c reg I'JS-% Do 4s JJJfc
Do 3? coup 109 N V Cent Bti .113 Vi ,
Do new 4.-= rep 13i)Vi N* J Cent gen f.5..121
Do new 4s coup.\l3o No Carolina 6«.. 127
Do old 4s reg 112^ Do 4s 102
Do old 4s coup.T.ll2V*'No Pacific '■-«•< 113
Do 5s ret; 112', | Do 3a 67
Do Cs coup. . : ■:• •' Do 4a 1 '-''a
! Dlßt Of C 3.655... .119 N V C ■.-•!. 4s...K>7'*
Alabama class A..l*S |Nor & W con 45... Vo
Do class B ...-10S i Do gen >'-■ ■• «a
Do class C 98 Oregon Nay Ists. . 112
Do Currency 98 ! Do '- '°- a » •
Atrlils.m gen 4s;TT.IO2VJ Oregon S L 6s 1.1 i :
Do adj 4a m\ Do con 5s UV*
; Canada Bo 2ds . 11l Reading son 4a $<**
! Ches & Ohio 4' s s... 971, Rio G\V lets 110 ,
I, 5s .119 St I- &I M con . : s.li2' 2 |
Clil & X W con 75. 144*4 St I. ft S F gen 65. 134 ;
Do s F deb T. 5...122- St Paul con 163
Chicago Term 45... 99% St PC* P 15t5.. .121*4 .
Den & Rio G 15t5. .106 Do 5s 121^ :
I»n 4« inOH So Railway 55... \Wt ;
: B T V & G lstafr.lo.Vii Stnnd R « T 65... S5"»
Krlc Ren la .:\ Trim new set 35... 97't _
FW& D C lsts... S0& Tex & Par lsts.vy.l4 ;
Gen Electric 5a. ...11? Do 2ds 63%
G H & S A ** 113 Tnlon Pacific 45.T.106*i
Do 2. is .... 108 Wabash Ists 116 1 * ]
H & T C 5s 113 Do 2ds 112% ;
Do con 6s 110 West Shore 4s 115
lowa Cent '-rs U3 Wis Cent lsts 71
X'■}- & G Ists.... '""I-, Va Centuries £4 j
1* new con 4s 107 Do Deferred ■>** ]
L & N unified 45.. •'•< Colo Southern 45.. S.)\
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar 25 Ontario "50 '.
Crown Point 2r. Ophir : 100 ,
I Con i 'hi & v :00 1 mouth M ;
i Deadwood ■ 60 Quicksilver 213 ■
Gould v Curry 40 Do prefd S o'_> •
! Hale ... xorcross S3 Sierra Nevada 6a |
I Homestake 60 00 Standard - I j
i Iron Silver 50 Union Con an ;
I Mexican 55 Yellow Jacket 30 •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ,
Money— Union Land S
Call loans 3??4 West End 95
; Time loans 3'<T4H Do prefd 114 J
Stocks— Westlnghouse E1... 4.< I S |
! Atch Top ft -•'■•■. Bonds— !
Do prefd 60U At<-hison 4s I'M I'
American Sugar. . .l.V.'j ; Mining Shares-
Do prpfd US Adventure ?'i
1 Hell Telephone 341 AUouez Mln Co — «
Boston & Albany. .2s7 lAtlantic 30 i
Boston Elevated .T.lOsvi' Boston <Sr M int.. .361 1
Boston & Maine." 192*4 Butte & 805t0n.... 7S
Chi T!ur .v Q 134" 8 C :l met & Hecla..Si»
El Elec 111 200 Centennial 3l'i
FU'.'hbarß prefd. ...717 [Franklin 20 ,
Gen Electric US Humholdt 2 T i {
Federal Steel ." a * Oyceola f>'\4a
Do prefd SO Parrott ?2
Mexican Central... 14 Qulncy l fi o
Mlchlcan Tel 98% Santa Fe Copper."." U'i |
Old Colony 2"3 Tamarack - M '
Old Dominion 38 "■ ■ na 14
Rubber r.;ii.' Wolverine 45%
L'rion Pacific 42"-» I"tnh ■ ■ 43
NEW YORK MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 10.- -Money on rail, firmer, ,
at s(i]7 per cent: last loan 5H P<"r cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 3"a4 per cent. -•■ -c ex
change, easy, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S7f4 S7 : « for demand, and at $4 '-4* :
'Si <i\ for sixty days;* posted rates. $4 SSHS
4 SfiH and $4 1^: commercial bills. *4 S3Vcl§
4 ?4: silver certificates, 60!3«lc; bar silver. 60% c;
Mexican .'ollaxs. ■' Itc.1 t c. Government b'>nds in
active: State bonds Inactive; railroad bonds
firm.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash baJance. J279.551.105; gold reserve.
$245,035,140.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 10,-^-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays :
The markets here were dull and nervous to
day, fearing trouble in the TransvaaJ. The ,
Boers' Her of the franchise is obviously In
adequate to the Imperial Government, but It l
is declared satisfactory to the. Cape Premier.
: This suggests the possibility of serious trouble >
with the Cape. Money also was dearer and
consols went down U. Americans were weak
throughout the day. Th" New York bank j
statement was not liked, and it is fearfd a
worse situation is coming. The market hung '
under parity until the afternoon, hen Ni w |
York absorbed a little stock and then sent
lower prices. The close was heavy at the
worst. Only Atch! son and Chesapeake and • ■
Ohio showed any strenrth. Tintos, 46V*; Ana
condas, liv. 1
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, "' "', Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 79 1 *; Union Pacific preferred, 79: Atchl
son. 20i,; Grand Trunk. '"■»: Anaconda. IIS:
bar silver, quiet, 27 a 4 'l per ounce; money, 2
per cent. ; ;
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day at the following: prices:
PHILADELPHIA; July If.. — Bartlett Pears,
average $3 £.5; Peach ims, $1 45@1 76, average j
$1 63; Nectarines, average $1 90; Burbank
Plums. 95c@$l 75. average $1 26; Republican
Cherries. £"K"ssl 53, average $1 20; Royal Arns,
?'Xtisl 50, average $1 16; Crawford - 'caches, iv
erage $1 25; St. Johns, average 51 20; Royal Ap- .
ric<.ts $1 35fil 63, average 51 40; Tragedy I
Prunes, fcocgjl 30, average $1 15; Hale's Early, '
75cff$l 05, average 92c. Eight cars sold to- •
day:
CHICAGO. July Tragedy Prunes. 9.3o<g>
$1 3u. average $1 I'j: Bartlett Pears, average ,
12 87: Burbank ims, $I@l 15, average $1 in;
St. John Peaches, average $1 25: imperial
Peaches. average $1 15; Kelsey Plums. 92c.
Ten cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 10.- Wickson Plums $2 05
(§2 S3, average $2 65; Eureka Plums, $2 3352 60.
average $2 44; Early Crawford Peaches ".ic^i
$1 70. average SI 42; Bartlett Pears, $3 15^4 45,
average S3 29; half boxes, 31 60® 2 15. average
$1 72; Washington Plums, SI 05@l 30, average
Jl 23; Burbank. 56c@$l c.5. average $1 22; Ger
man Prunes, 95c@$l 50, average $1 45; Decker
Peaches, average S2 30; Foster Peaches, av
erage $1 55; Imperial Peaches, $1 Id^l 55, aver
age $1 IS; St. Johns. S3c: Hale's Early. 50c@
Jl", rage 85c; Tragedy Prunes. SSC&7SI 55. av
erage $1 14: Peach Plums, Ssc©s3 15; California
Red Plums. 95c«ijl 65. average $1 16; Royal Ap
ricots .7-. Twenty-five cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, July 10.— Eureka Plums. $2 2052 60. ;
average $2 55: California Red, Plums, $1 10-tj
] 75 average $1 50: Early Crawford Peaches. I
60cS$l 35 average 96c; Washington Plums. 60c I
fl«rio average Ssc: St. John Peaches, S3c;
Tragedy Prunes, 80c@|l 30, average Si 03;
Slmoni, 76c; Decker Peaches, Si. Fifteen cars I
sold to-day.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND MERCHANDISE. :
NEW YORK. July 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34,843 bbls. ; exports, 8177 bbls. Dull and fairly
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 239,625 bushels; exports,
60.852 bushels. Spot No. 2 red, 79\c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80% cf. o. b.
: afloat to arrive: No. 1 hard Duluth, 84^0 f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; Xo. 2 red, 77 7 ic elevator.
Options opened easy on favorable crop prospects
; and thereafter ruled steady and very dull. A
' smaller visible supply increase than expected
j and natural uncertainty about the crop reports
kept snort interests evened up. Export demand j
was fair. Near the close prices eased oft under
realizing and were finally easy at He decline
from Saturday's curb close. July. 7S '5 1 78 s l e,
closed "S^sc; September, 78 -iT-V". closed 7SV*c;
December, 79}jc.
HOPS— Steady. »
HIDES— Steady.
METALS— feature of the day In the local
I market for metals was a stiffening of copper,
lead and spelter, influenced by favorable ad
vices from the west and abroad. Tin suffered
a slight reaction under a ■withdrawal of buy- !
1 ers and a willingness of producers to accept old |
offering rates. At the close the exchange
called:
; I RON— Warrants quiet and nominal at i
$13 50.
LAKE COPPER— with $18 25 bid and
$18 30 asked.
TlN— Easier, with J2B bid and J2S 26 asked. (
LEAD— with S4 55 bid and $4 60 ask
ed. The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and ■
for copper »■• 25.
SPELTER— Firm, with S6 bid and $6 25 asked.
— Options closed dull, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales 7000 bags, Including: Aug
ust. $4 70: September. $4 SO: October, J4 So; De
cember. J3 25: June, $5 &1.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio. dull; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,142 packages. Quiet,
steady; Western creamery, la^lSr-c; factory,
12"al4iic
Receipts, 12,934 packages. Irregular;
Western. U^lSWic.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits rteady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. e^fTc:
prime wire tray, S'gS : choice, SVB*?ic; fan
cy. 9@s^c.
PRUNES— 3%fSHc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Moorpark, I4@lßc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 10@llc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 10.— September Wheat opened •
easy. Ho under Saturday's closing price, at j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11. 1899,
! 72%©73 c ranged from 72%072T&C to T3Sc and ,
closed at 73c bid. The unusual anxiety over |
the approaching Government crop report was
| evident at the beginning and put a damper on
trade The seaboard reported a continued
export demand, putting the engagements for .
to-day at 40. The market showed consider
able weakness during the early trading, and
the lowest prices of the day were recorded
In the first hour. Besides the apprehension of
i a bearish Government report, the market was
! depressed by lower English and Continental
! cables and by favorable weather throughout
■ the Wheat belt. The constantly ncreas m !
world's visible supply was not at all encour- ,
I aging to prospective buyers. The increase last
week was 422 000 bushels. The world's shlp
! ment amounted to 7.663.000 bushels. After tne
I market touched T2%@7Bc a better feelins mani
fested itself. Shorts bought moderately and a
Blow advance took place, the price rallying to
73»ic before the demand ■ eased. The shorts .
apparently had a good deal of confidence in
their position, and support from that source
was more or less prominent on every decline.
The market ruled very dull during the after- ,
noon and gradually declined to 73c. It was
b-inglng that price at the close
Corn was dull and weak all day in sympathy
with Wheat. September closed J*®^. L° we J- . ;
• oats were Influenced entirely by heat and i
Corn. September closed ■-•.■,■ lower.
Provisions were slow, but firm. Hot re
ceipts were heavy, but outside support was
good and selling by shorts restricted. Prices
kept within a narrow range, slightly higher
than Saturday. At the close September Pork
was 5 cents higher. Lard unchanged and Ribs
• :>;her.
" The leading futures ranged as follows:
"■"Vrtiolps— (pen. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3 -.:. 71* 12 _ , 71 %
juiv n% a ng «*
«.:p: 73 53 38 ?«;
ber 4^* • ■'■" •* - *
_ Corn No. 2- 33% 53% 33 i^
Se,' bev::::::::: Si 33% 33-> 33% ,
December 834 .33% 32 , 3-'> (
Ju'ly 18 N °:. - 23H Bg 23% 23-H
Se^ember ......... gjt S X 85
Me,, Pork. p»r byre! - ? 674 565 8 67^ •
September 875 8 871, 875 «so
Lard, per 100 pounds— g g £
juiv 525 525 6 22^ 6 22%
September":: 5 37^ 540 5.35 535
October 6 42', 5 424 s*o 140
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September"::::::::: b*»" in* »"«u si*" ■
October - 124 618 d 12'^ 5 124^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, j
quiet No 2 spring wheat, 71©73 c; No. 3 spring
wheat. 70U.ig"72c; No. 2 red, 72up73%c;Np.2corn. \
33%@34i*c;eNo. 2 oats. 24V4®25c; No. 2 white.
27' 2 c No 3 white, ■..■■. No. 2 rye. 69c;
Xo 1 llaxseed. 98c: prime timothy seed, $2 45; ■
mess p~>rk per barrel, $8 65@S 70; lard, per 100 |
pounds 5o 25(T5 . •■_, short ribs sides (loose).
S4 S6©3 10 dry salted shoulders (boxed). $5 2..<3
5 SO:" short clear sides (boxed). (62 ■''■ SO;
whisky distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
Jl 20^^ |
Receipts. Shipments. !
Flour, barrels 10.563 26.2 M
Wheat, bushels .; 13.t.0>i0 ;2M?2 !
Corn bushels 544. 509 734.953 |
Oats' bushels 3E5.G00 266.973 j
Rye, bushels 1.400 ..... . I
Barley, bushels ;.*.<, 4. 350 1.600 |
BOn the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter I
market was weak; creameries. 134@18c; dairies, ;
11®15%C. Cheese, steady, Sfi>'-..c. Eggs, 12^c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 8-S 5 11
Closing 5 v i 511 6 0% I
PARIS FUTURES.
wheat- July. S «pt-:2^S
? :;-;;.v:.v.::::::::::::::
-:::::::::::::.■ US »n|
CHICAGO LIVESTOCK MARKET.
.
CHICAGO. July in.— Receipts of rattle were
large to-day, and after last week's tight mar
ket buyers were prepared to take hold freely. j
Prices were strong to 10c higher. Beef steers j
sold on a basis of J4 70 M 75 for the common |
droves up to $o SO'Sj J5 for the more choice. |
The demand for hogs was good to-day, and
despite th» large receipts, the market was
cleaned up. Light brought $3 95@4 07V 2 : mixed
lots so!.! for J3 90@4 07'—: heavy. J3 M'cH 07>^:
culls and rough lots. »2@3 75; pigs. %?■ 50@4 05 ;
Buyers of sheep were rather exacting and
discriminated against common lots of sheep j
and lambs despite the good demand. Spring
lambs sold at ?:< 7?<iTS 95 for Inferior to prime;
sheep went at 55(35 40 for good to prime down
to $2fj3 25 for culls. Yearlings were Irregu
lariv lower at $4 oOfJS.
Receipts-Cattle, 500; hogs. 46,000; sheep,
17. (HO.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 10.— Consols, 106 11-16; silver.
27 \d: French rentes. ]01f 20c; wheat cargoes
off coast; buyers Indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, quieter, hardly any demand; En
glish country markets quiet; imports of wheat
into the United Kingdom. 407.000: do flour.
337 800; wheat and flour on passage to the
United Kingdom. 2,860,000; do to Continent, I
1 47n 000
'Liverpool; July 10.— wheat— ;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, steady; j
French country markets quiet.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures quiet. July. 5s 8V&d: Pep. j
tember 5s lid; December, 6s \i.
CORN -Futures steady. July, 3« 4 nd; Sep
tember, 3s s*sd; October, ."s fid.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. July 10.— There was th» usual full
attendance of buyers at to-day's wool auction
rales. A large selection of good cross bred
maintained the high level received at this
series. A few parcels were taken for Ameri
can account.
Th» American purchases so far number about
10 000 bales. Other qualities of wool showed |
less animation, with medium stock selling the
lowest and frequently withdrawn. The num
ber of bales offered to-day aggregated 14.310.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. July 10.— The statement of th«
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on!
Saturday. July 8, 1889, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange is as follows: Wheat.
34 106 000 bushels. increase 34.000 bushels; corn.
12:963 000 bushels, decrease 295.000 bushels: rye.
722 000 bushels, increase 5000 bushels; barley.
977,'C00 bushels, increase 79.000 bushels.
SILVER SHIPMENT.
NEW YORK. July 10.— The steamship Lahn,
sailing for Bremen to-morrow, will take out .
150,000 ounces of. silver.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111.. July 10.— Butter, steady; offer
ings, 374 tubs: sales, 11 tubs, at ISc. •
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
■
PORTLAND, July Clearings, $442,618;
balances, J55.668.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 10.— There was so little
doing In wheat to-day that local exporters
hardly deemed it worth while to shade prices,
although It was difficult to get open quotations
above ~s s c for Walla Walla, while valley whs
neglected at about 59Vsc; bluestem, nominally
fiUj62C - WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 10.— The week opened without '
showing any gain In the wheat situation. Prices
remain at the closing figures of. last week. ,
Club, 58c; bluestem, lie.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — • $4 55?4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables ' — 4 88V4
New York Exchange, sight — VA
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Mexican Dollars — 60@504
Fine Silver, par ounce — — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — week opened dull and heavy
at Chicago, owing to foreign advices and fine
weather. The demand "was light and the dis
position was to BelL The world's shipments for
the week were 7,600,000 bushels. The prospects
were for a rather dull market pending the Gov
ernment report. Still, the shorts were cover
ing and Saturday's orders for export were re
peated at an advance of 3d.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 08%©l 10; milling.
$1 12U.(gl 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls. $1 17%;,
25.0C0, $1 17%. ■ .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 17%.
Afternoon Session — December — 30,000 - ctls,
» 17%; 24.000, $1 17»; 22,000. Jl 174.
BARLEY— Two more ships have been taken
for Europe and the demand on this account is
good. Feed is firm and the market is in good
shape all around.
Feed. new. 96£97Hc; Brewing. $1 02<-i'<?l 07* i:
old Brewing, 110601 10; Chevalier, $1 12VtSl 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— '99, new
—10,000 ctls, 90}ic; December— 2ooo. 92% c; 2000,
92 »•*<•.
Second Session — Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls, s»\4c;
2000 ?9 a ic; 2000, 903gc: December— 2ooo. 92% c;
2060' 92V»c; 2000. 92«4c; 4000, 93c; 4000. ft2',c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
92V; 20>70 9" .ic; 4000, 92Hc; Seller '99, new—
4000. '•'-.. 4000. S9"ic.
Afternoon Session — Seller '99, new— lo,ooo ctls,
90c: 4000, &9%c; 6000, S9 T »C.
OATS— The continued scarcity of spot stock
keeps the market firm and new red has again
advanced. Dealers expect lower prices, how
ever, with Increased receipts of the new crop.
Quoted at $1 1001 2.". for new red and $1 3.VSI 50
for old.
OORX— Small round Yellow. $1 30@l 35; East
ern large Yellow. $1 10'cf! 1214: White, $1 I 1"!?'
1 IB; mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White,
Jl 174 31 22i. 2 .
RYE— 97H0@»l KM per ctl for old. New is
nominal at 90@92 1
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, {3 4ifi3 55; Oregon
and Washington. 53 40©3 50 per bbl for extra, \
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 23©3 for superfine. |
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, t3 16 per 100 lbs. Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye i
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, ?4 75; Hominy, $3 25"43 50; Buck
wheat Flour. M't«4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 f>s®6 95; In sacks, $6 360 C 75;
Pearl Barley, Jo; Split Peas, $.4 50; Green I'eaa, ,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The week started off with receipts of 556 tons
of Hay. There was a better demand from the j
small dealers, but the large receipts gave the
market an easier tor,.-. Prices stood the same.
Feedstuffs were unchanged.
BRAN— sl6ti'lG 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 .'■•»••• : 0 per ton.
FEEDSTTJFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, Ji'7'®2B; Jobbing,
J2S 5u3j29; Cocoanut Cake, $2i ij-i. Cornmeai.
J23 50(»j24 60; Cracked Corn, 524'a25; Mixed Feed,
il5&lf; Cottonseed Meal, |24©26 l>er ton.
HAY— Wheat, JBljH 50 for good and $10
for choice; Wheat aril Oat, JS® 1 !*; Oat, $7 50&S;
Barley, J6®7; Alfalfa, $6@7 per ton.
STRAW— 2O®4Oc per bale. •
BEANS AND SEEDS. j
Beans are firm at the advanced p"-Ice«i of last I
week, with a good demand. See la continue ;
dull.
BEANS— $1 9032; Small White. j. ,
2 10; Large White, $1 60@l 73; Pinks. $2#2 10;
Reds J4^4 25; Blackeye, $4 10; Butters, nom
inal; ' Limas, $3 90®4; Pea, $2 10@2 35; Red Kid
neys, ?2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow :
Mustard, 2^i@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
4 c per lb; Alfalfa. . j»^c. Rape, 3^3^,<:,
Hemp, 4%@4^4c; Timothy, 4* I (S?s',ic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 253(1 50; Green, $1 50
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, onions and VEGETABLES.
Potatoes were firm and some sales were made
at a slight advance. There was no change in
Onions.
Vegetables stood about the same, th« market
being well supplied and quiet.
POTATOES Peerless, $1 80@2 in boxes and
$1 60@l SO in sacks; Early Rose, $1 75fj SO;
Burbanks, Jl Ss<&2 10 in boxes and 60©l -.", in
sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, Isfi3f>c per sack for red and
TSSrSOc per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES Asparagus, 750@J1 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75@2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb,
25@65c per box;' Green Peas, 2^c per tt); String
Beans, 2@4c; Cabbage, 50c; Tomatoes, 25@50c
per box; Rivera, $1 - 91 50; Stockton, - — . Egg
Plant. 6©loc per Ib; Green Okra, Jl(@l 25 per
box; Garlic, -'•;■■: Green Peppers, 75<j'if$l 25 for
Chile and Jl 25<S1 50 per box for Bell; Carrots,
30®40c per sack; Sacramento ami Marysville
Cucumbers, 1u^250 per box; Bay Cucumbers,
SO'aeSc; Summer Squash. 4CK3?.Oc for Bay; Green
Corn. 75c?i$l per sack for Vacaville and $1 25'g:
1 50 per crate for Bay
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern came In and sales were
made at 12@12>£c for Turkeys, J4@s 50 for i
Ducks, JS^ for Hens and $.V?? 550 for old
Roosters. Another car is announced for to- !
day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l3c for Gob
blers and ll@l3c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
Jl@l 25: Goslings, $I^l 25; Ducks, 13.5094 for
old and J4@s for young; Hens, hVah 50;
young Roosters. , : -' ; ." 50: old Roosters. $54/5 23;
Fryers, $4.f}5; Broilers, $4 tor large, $31/.> 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 -. '.''. 50 per dozen for old and .
Jl 50ij2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter rules firm, with moderate stocks, arid
some dealers report pales over the quotations. '.
Eggs have moved up another notch and ranch
are cleaning up. There are plenty of Eastern
here in storage, however. There ii no change
in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 20c; seconds.
19c. 1
"Dairy— Fancy, 17@18c; good to choice, 169
I6V4C; store, 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild new, sue; old, .^Sc;
Young America. SVitji'c: Eastern. 131?13e.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@17c for store and 191?
21c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 16&16V2C for
No. 1 and 14g15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and J3O for clings: Apri
cots. J35(&50 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears. J40@50 per ton.
Green and Yellow Plums. S2O@2S per ton.
Peaches and Plums did better under a good !
shipping demand for the North, and Tragedy ,
Prunes, which could not be sold for 50c last ;
week, were wanted at 73c per crate, but were
hard to find. Wrapped Bartlett Pears for ship
ping were also firmer. Apricots in crates ad
vanced.
A carload of Watermelons from Fresno was
held at 16c apiece. Other melons were steady. j
Arrivals of Grapes continue light.
Oranges are cleaning up and are reduced to J
Valencia^ and Seedlings.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples 35c4J$l per large box; Crabapples, 40
,>•■■ per small and 73c'ajl per large box.
' BERRIES Blackberries, $2 50®3 50 per chest; 1
Strawberries, J3*is per chest for small and $2
©3 for large berries; Raspberries. $I£s per
chest: Logan berries. $5&6 per chest.
Cantaloupes, $1 25 per box and $3 5005 per
crate; Nutmegs, .m per bos and IS 50S}3 per
Grapes, black and white, $I^l 23 per crate.
Currants, J4;j« per chest.
Cherries. Soc@sl per box for all kinds.
Green Pears, 50c@$l per box, according to
size; Bartletts, $I@l 50 per box.
Xectarines, 60@75c per box for white and
for red.
Figs 25®50c for single and Boc@*l per box
for double layers of black and 26 f g3sc for white.
Apricots, 4'VyPOc per box.
Peaches. 15g50c per box and 30@35c per bas
ket; Craw fords, 50'075c per box and 33 50c per
basket. . „_„
Plums, 15@35c per box; Prunes. 40@.0c per
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. SOcWJI 50; Va- ■
lencias. SI'S 3: Lemons. SI'S! 50 for common and
$2tiS for- good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4;
California Limes, 25@50c per small box; Ba
nanas. $1 5002 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl@
2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS. .
Evaporated Apples are weaker, as expected,
but Apricots are quoted %c higher. Otherwise
there is nothing new.
DRIED FRUITS— 6%c for 40-60's. 5c
.for 50-60's. 4c for 60-70's. 2' L 2'UZ\c for 70-80* B,
2**!B3Uc for SO-90's, 2'- 3 i ic for 90-100' and
IQ2\ for 100-110's: Plums, nominal, l^c for
unpitted and A-■ !<■■■ for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Apricots. 9i 2 ir '
lO'-io; Peaches, 7@3c; Evaporated Apples. 9<§
9^c.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, :»»4C for four-crown, 4U@6c for Seedless
Sultanas B%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2 s i'?3c
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts, F.^^c ;
for hardshell, IP'S lie for aoftshell; Chile Wai- 1
nuts 11912 c; Almonds, B@9c tor hardshell, 12^
13c for softshell, M ■ '■■' for paper-shell; Pea- I
nuts. 6S7c for Eastern and 4Vi'B"sc for Cali
fornia: Coeoanuts, $4 6095.
HONEY— Comb, lie for bright and 1(V for
light amber; water white extracted, 6 3 i'37'4c;
light amber extracted, 6U@6Vjc; dark, s@siic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per IT).
PROVISIONS.
Hams continue stiff and are still higher.
Lard is very firm. Bacon is higher In the East,
but has not advanced here, as the local
commission merchants are content to get
their profits on the former basis. Most of the
cured meats are coming from the East now, |
as the output of California has been materially 1
cut down by last year's drought.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, So per lb for heavy, :
SH<g9c for light medium. 10Vs@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12V4©13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12^i 1 S > 13c; Califor- i
nia Hams. 12@12V&c; Mesa Beef. Sl3 per bbl; i
extra Mess Beef, ?14; Family Beef, $13@15 50;
extra Prime Pork. $13 50: extra clear, $16 50; i
mess, *15®15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per rb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6Vi@sHc per It) for I
compound and 6V437c for pure: half barrels,
pure, THe: 10- IT> tins. 7% ©Be: 5-tb tins, SlffS^ic. ;
COTTOLEXE— Tierces. 6»i<36%c; packages, ;
less than 300 tbe. 1-lb nails, 60 In a case, 9^c;
3-rb pails, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-rb palls. 12 in a ■
case SVic; 10- Ib pails. 6in a case, &%c; 50- |
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7", c: wooden buckets. 20 '
lbs net, SHe; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7»ic.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lCifilOVjc; medium, 9^i3'/4c: light, 9c:
Cowhides, »c; Stags, 6c; Salted -yip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands, j
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c; •
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@25c each: short 1
Wool. Ss®sOc each; medium. 60@75c; long Wool. :
90c@Jl 25 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 50 for j
large and Jl for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4S4Vsc per lb; No.
2, leSfcc; refined. ; grease. 2c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Sputhern, 7 months, h@llc: Foothill and North
ern free. ll@14c; Foothill and Northern defect- .'
ive. 9@llc; Nevada, ll@14c; San Joaquin Foot- i
bill free, 10<@12c; do defective, S@9c: Humboldt |
and Mendoclno, 16@17Uc: Eastern Oregon, 12:9 i
14c for choice and 9®HHc for fair to good.
HOPS— IBSS crop. 13@17>*c per lb. |
. SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue in light receipt and the pack
ers are forced to pay another advance, whether
they like It 'or not. The other descriptions re
main unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
— T^C'JSVtc per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— IOSS lie per lb.
MUTTON— Wether*, 6H@7c: Ewes, 60 per lb.
AMU- Spring, 7>,4@Sc per lb.
PORK- Live Hogs, 5%c for small, 6%@6c for
medium and ."."--c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, s'^c; dressed Hogg, 7@BV4c.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags,
26928 c: Ban Quentln Bags. $4 93.
Wellington, ** per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southtleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, J6;
Bryant, ?6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $*; Cumberland, IS 60 in" bulk and $950
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
Gunnel, $S 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, *7 60; Coke, 912 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100- tb bags:
Cubes, A I 'rushed and Fine Crushed, a^ic;
Powdered, a\c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulfited. L c: Confectioners' A, 5V4c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A. 4 8 c; Extra C, 454 c;
Golden C, »c, barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels,
'io more; boxes. He more, 50-lb. bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, July 10.
Flour, qr sks 10,290 Hay, tons $56
Wheat, etls 43.776 Straw, tons 5
Barley, .-Us 8, 830 Wool, bags 614
Corn, ctls, Bast. $00 Su'crar, 1.1. 1,000
Corn, rtls 30 Eggs, dos 11.430
Rye. ctls 895 Wine, gals 15.000
Butter, ctla 147 Leather, rolls 94
Cheese, ctls 42 I. imp. bbls 182
Tallow, ctla 247 Powder car 1
Potatoes, ska 3,371 Pelts, lulls 160
Onions, «ks 382 Hides, no 390
Shorts, 5k5....... 405 Lumber, feet 20,000
Bran, sks 2.770 Quicksilver, flkß. 12
Middlings, sks../ 702
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 6,030 Middlings, sks... 1?2
Oats, ctls 280 Wool, bales 493
Potatoes, skx 17 Wheat, ctls 1,40")
I .ran, pk« . 50 1 )
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles Ft. and Jessie W. Stone to Hlppolite
Dutard, lot on SW corner "'lay and Buchanan
Ft reels, W 107:1 by 33:6; $10.
I Una, William D. and Hugo D. Xewhouse to
Pacific Telephone ami Telegraph Company, un
divided five-sixths of lit on 3 line Page street,
106:3 E of Scott, X 26 by S 137:6; $1400.
Arthur A: >Jewhouse to same, undivided one
sixth of saint: $750.
Peter and Margaret Burns to Richard F.
Morgan; lot on N line Clinton Park (Qulnn),
116 E of Guerrero street, E 25 by N SO; $10.
Richard F. and Euphemia C. Mogan to Mar
garet Burns, same; $10.
Estate nf Katharine Mnier (by John 2. Se
bastian, administrator) to Henry Bauer, lot
on X line of Duncan street, 270 W of Sanchez.
W 2."> by N 114; $350.
John and Annie Brougham to Isabella A.
Mahonev (formerly Brougham), and Margaret
L., John J. and Evelyn G. Brougham, lot on
N line of Green street, 137 6 W of Montgomery,
\v IS by N 57:6; Rift.
Mary M. Wempe to William Wempe, lot on
N E line of Seventh street, 80 NW of. Folsom,
N\V 25 by NX SO; $10.
Builders' contracts.
John G. and Agnes M. Agar, trustees (own
ers) with J. O'Shea (contractor). architect
Frank Van Trees Excavations, grading, bulk
heading and pumping: for a 5-story brick build-
Ing on W line Mason .... N of Turk.
N 75 by W 105. Graded to level of basement
floor, $s<X>: trenches excavated, Bpac« behind
walls refilled and street pavement repaired,
$190; 36 days after work is completed 12?.*: total
$1326. Bunds $400. G. W. Elder and W. W.
Ondar sureties; limit 20 working days; for
feit $!'■> per day: plans and specifications filed.
Eugene P. Murphy (owner) with Pacific
Rolling Mills (contractor), architects Shea &
Shea— Constructional steel and cast iron work
for a 5-story and basement brick and
steel building on NW corner Califor
nia and Kearny streets, X 35 by W
50:6. Installments as work progresses on
the first and fifteenth day of each month,
commencing July 15, 1899, equal to 75 per cent
of work done and material furnished; balance
35 days after completion. $1525; total $7300.
Bonds" $2000. Pacific. Surety Company surety;
limit 90 working- days from May 23, 1599; for
feit $25 per day: plans and specifications filed.
Same owner with Martin Fennell Jr. (con
tractor), architects same — Brick, stone, and
terra cotta work. Including terra eotta fire
proofing: around steel work and cementing: for
same on same. Payments on same commenc
ing July 1. 1899; balance 35 days after comp
letion, ' $S0O; total, $3150. Bonds, $SOO. Fidel
ity and Deposit Co. of Maryland, surety; limit.
30 working days after June 15, 1899; forfeit,
$25 per day; plans and specifications filed.
Same owner with Daniel Powers (contrac
tor), architects same— Carpenter and mill
work, rough hardware, composition roof, etc.,
for same on same. Payments on some com
mencing August 1. 1599: balance on "same, $1713:
total, $6550. Bonds, $1715. James Mulcahy and
James Young, sureties; limit 75 working days'
after June 1. 1899; forfeit, $25 per day; plans
and specifications filed.
Same owner with Sbep*rd Bros, (contractors). I
architects same— Plumbing. sewering, gasfit
ting and marble work for fixtures for same on !
same Rough plumbing in $1148; completed and |
accepted $1149: 35 days after $766: total $3063. \
Bonds $775. Pacific Surety Company surety;
limit 60 working days after June 1. 1899; for- I
feit $25 per day; plans and specifications
filed.
Same owners with Western Expanded Metal
and Fireproofing Company (contractors), archi
tects same— Flreproofing for floors and roof,
steel partitions, metal lath and furring f.»r
same on same. Pavements Fame as second
contract, commencing August 1, l^f''. l ; balance
same $i 125; total $4500. Bonds $1125. Pacific
Surety Company surety: limit 50 working days
after steel frame is in place; forfeit $23 per
day; plans and specifications filed.
Same owner with California Marble Co.
(contractors), architects same— Marble steps
ar.d risers, marble floor tiling and wainscot- I
in? for same on same. Entire marble work
completed and e^cepted, Sir.ST : 35 days after. 1
$813; total. $2050. Bonds, $520, Fidelity and
Deposit Co of Maryland, surety; limit 90'
working days after June 1. 18»; forfeit, $25 j
per day: plans and specifications filed.
Same owner with W. 1... Ilolman (contrac
tor) architects Complete electric pas
senger elevator for same on same. Payments
same as second contract, commencing Oc- [
tober 15 1899; balance on same. $493: total, :
ji;,nn Bonds, $500. J. W. Riess and J. H. ;
Wolf, sureties: limit. 90 working days from ,
July 1. 1*99; forfeit, $25 per day; plans and
rpecificatlons filed.
Same owner with San Francisco Cornice Co.
(contractors). architects same— Galvanized
iron, iron, copper and tin work for same on :
same. Payments on same to commence Sep- j
tembei 1. 1899; balance on same. $560; total. !
13225. Bonds, $560, B. Katchlnski and Emil i
Woenne. sureties: limit 75 working days after
June 1, 1899; forfeit, $25 per day: plans and
specifications filed
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
th» only noteworthy changes were an advance
in Oceanic to J s '.' 50 and a decline in Giant Pw
('..■:■ to $74.
In the afternoon Oceanic advanced to $30 and
Giant declined to $71.
Mining stocks were lower, under Flack trad-
Ins. The telegram from the pump said: "Ele
vator No. 1 has been working continuously and
the water has been going down steadily for the
last thirty hours. The water Is now IP. 1 feet
below the 1750-foot level station and Is stand
ing two feet deep on the floor of the 1950-foot
level station."
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay
the usual monthly dividend of 75 cents to
morrow.
The Grass Valley Exploration Company has
declared a dividend of 25 cents per share, pay
able July 20.
The first dividend of the Onomea Sugar Plan
tation Company of 30 cents per share was paid
yesterday.
The Paauhau Plantation Company paid Its
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents yester
day.
The following; companies had cash on hand
July 1: Alta. $126?. with $1000 due the bank
and the balance of an assessment being col
lected; Andes, $34"6: Alpha Con.. $1313; Bel
cher. $1588; Best & Belcher *;>:<. with an as
sessment being collected; Caledonia, $1073, with
the mine expenses for June unpaid: Bullion,
$3722. with June bills at the mine unpaid: Con
fidence, $4704, with June expenses at the mine
unpaid; Chollar, $2307: Con. New York.
$271; Consolidated California and Vir
ginia, $28,881, with June expenses at
the mine largely paid and amount un
paid not known: Crown Point, $ s o4s, with June
expenses at the mine unpaid; Exchequer,
$575; Gould & Curry. $3S$3, with assessment
being collected: Hale & Norcross, $6021, with
bills payable of $1755; Julia Con., $1081; Jus
tice. $3.'), with statement of indebtedness at the
mine not yet received and no returns yet ob
tained from shipment of concentrates: Mexi
can. $7767; Ophir. $2555; i Overman, $1342, with
mine expenses for June unpaid; Potosi, $5594,
: with bills payable of $200": Savage, $2354; Srg
'. regated Belcher. $2399; Sierra Nevada. $371*:
> Scorpion, $13; Syndicate, $1677; Standard Con..
$59.155, with mine expenses for June unpaid
and bullion returns for that month not receiv
ed: Union Con.. $4245. and Utah Con., $1009.
The official report from the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia mine for the past week
reads as follows: "The Comstock Pumping
Association has been engaged In the following
work at the C. and C. shaft during the pa.st
week; 1400 level— west drift has been ex
tended IS feet; total. 67S feet. The face is in
soft porphyry witlj seams of clay and occa
sional spots of quartz. The clay walls that
we have yet passed through are crushing the
timbers so that we had to relieve them during
the past week. We have to run 35 feet to
make connection with crosscut No. 2 from the
Con. Virginia shaft. 1650 level— Necessary re
pairs are being made on this level. 1750 level—
Th« stopes have been extended one set south
and one set west, and in doing so we have ex
tracted 66 tons of ore of a gold value of $18
per ton. From the second floor we axe follow-
Ing: the clay wail to the southwest with a drift.
This clay "wall having shown spots of ore, we
will, as soon as possible, cut through it .and
see what Is beyond. On the sill floor at the
north end of the ttopes we ran a crosscut.
23 feet east; face in porphyry and quartz assay
ing Jo per ton. We have stopped this crosscut
and we are now sinking a winze on a hang-
Ing wall clay in this east crosscut. The winze
is now down rive feet in quartz, with streaks
of clay and porphyry and some ore. 1960 level—
The station on this level and 30 feet of the
south drift has been cleaned up, the face of
the later being in caved rock. We cannot tell
the condition of the drift beyond the cave.
We found It necessary to put In a small pump
to drain the seepage water out of this level,
said water being held back by the slime. Since
reaching the station we had occasion to make
but. two short runs with the pump, and for
the last twenty-four hours we have not run ,
the pump at all. We may, however, find a lit
tle water in the drift as we go south. All work
In the mine was suspended between the morn-
Ings of the 4th and sth. The machinery on the I
surface and underground is In good order and :
working nicely/
In the Ophir mine no underground work has \
been done the past week through the Ophir |
shaft. Central tunnel— The joint Mexican east \
crosscut was extended 26 feet; total length, 46 j
feet: face in porphyry. At this point the east
crosscut will be stopped until the Joint west
crosscut has been driven to the footwall of the
vein. The joint west crosscut will be started j
this forenoon, Sutro tunnel connection—
Sutro tunnel direct connection was extended
22 feet: total, 228 feet: face in hard han-ing
wall rock. The formation in this drift for 14
. feet west of the vein, mentioned in last week's :
report, is clay and soft porphyry- The ground
will have to be retimbered. We are putting
in a switch and air pipe connections so that •
the vein may be prospected north . and south ;
as soon as the main west drift has been fid
vanced far enough not to interfere with the j
work. Work has been continued In the south- j
west drift and the drift extended 7 feet: total
length, 54 feet: face in quartz containing spots |
of ore. This vein, while improving as we fol
low it. is still irregular in form.
In the ('hollar and Potosl mines th» Joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the week .
32 feet: total length. 273 feet: face in city, ;
porphyry and boulders of quartz. On the tun- i
nel level they have one man on repairs. The I
Joint Bullion-Potosi west crosscut has been i
advanced 12 feet: total length. 240 feet: face I
in clay and porphyry. Sutro tunnel level — ]
The Zadig drift has been advanced 10 feet I
during the week: total length. S4S feet; face j
In very hard porphyry.
In the Hale & Norcrnss mine "ie H *■ V
tunnel has been cleaned out and retimbered
during the week 48 feet, making- t"tal dis
tance put In good condition 544 feet. Work
ing through heavy ground nt t*>r :>••-- 7 " tS~"*.
No work was done in the tunnel on the day
or night of July 4.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Best <£• Belcher Mining Company the
old directors were re-elected, consisting of
George R. Wells, C H. Fish. H. Zadig. Wil
liam Barman and A. S. Wollberg. George R.
Wells was elected president. Charles H. Fish |
vice-president. M. Jaffe secretary and P. Ker
vln superintendent.
The Associated Stock Brokers of the Pan ;
Francisco Stock ami Exchange Board at their j
annual meeting yesterday elected the fo. owing
directors for the ensuing year: George T. |
Marye Jr.. A. W. Foster, A. F. Coffin. W. Ed
ward* and A. B. Ruggles. These had been the ;
old directors excepting A. B. Ruggles. who
was elected in place of H. L. Van Wyck.
MONDAY, July 10. 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! • ■-- I.Ack.
Bends— Equit G L Co. 5 5% !
Is quar coup.. — 11294 Mutual El Co. 15% 15%
«- «uar i>>... — Oakland Gas.. 47 48 .!
4s quar new.. — — IPao lias Imp.. — <*
3s quar coup.. 109 Pas I. Co — **
Miscellaneous- - 6 FG & E.... 70 70%
Cal-st Cab fi5.113% — ban ran 3% —
C C Wat 5s — 111% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
EXiiP 65.... 130% — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.116V.i11S Flrem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 100 I Hank Stocks—
I H <"■".«• p shs.lo7V. - 'Anglo-Cal .... 63 65%
! Ii A Ry 5s — 107% Bank of CaI..2SS —
L A LCo 65.. 93 — Lai SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — i First Natlonl.22o —
Do gntd 5?.. — 103 Lon P & A. ...129% —
Market-st to.. 126% — |Mer Exchange — 18
in. ist M bf~ - 116*iiN*ev Nat 8k...1*0 —
N CN G B 75. 109 — I Savin** Hank- -
N Ry Cal S».. — 114 ; Ger S & 1... 1600 —
;N*R of Cal 63. — 114 hum S & L.llrau 1140
NPc R R fix. — — Mutual Say.... 35 —
N P C R R ss. — 105% S F Say U.... —
N ral R X --.111 - S&L So — 86% j
; Oak Transt 6s. — — Security SB..— 300
! Dak Transi 65.107 — Union T C 0... — 1465
On C Ky (is 127 IS" I Street Railroads—
iP& Cl Ry 65.104 10714 California 116 —
P & O 6s 115 — i^ a 7' ci —
' Powell-st 65. ..US 122% | Market-st .... 61 —
Sac El Ry r .s. — — .Oatc SL& H. — —
SF& VP * 11* 1 ! — Presidio — 18
SF & S JV55.113% — . Powder- ... -
i bierruK I'M ■-,=.. . ...5-j - California. .... — 165
ISP of A 65...110V41H ; E Dynamite... — 9o
P C 6s(lS»05).ll2 112%, Giant Con Co. 71 ,I>4
IB P C 65(19"6). — — iVigorit 3 »*
p PC. 65(1912>.118 122", Sugar— 1
c; Pclsce 5s 10S Hana P C 0.... li% I<t* i
I P Br6« 124*4 - Haw C&S C. 99%102 j
S V Wat 65.. .116% - Hutch S P Co. 33»i - |
3 V Wat 4s. .104 104»i Kilauea 8 Co. — 31
S VWls(com). - 101% £ n " m ,f a S a C °- ln«. IT
1 t-tktn oas '102% - Paauhau SP. 40-% 41
Water Stocks- 1 Miscellaneous-
I Contra Costa. 73% 73% Al Pac A55n..113%114
Martn Cn .=><• — |Uer Ld WtU.-att —
Spring Vaiiey.lol%lo2 3&£ Asi^.. Ik -
' r^ as and Klectnc- | Oceanic S Co. S9»i 90 ;
Central G Co" - - | Pac C. Bor C.IM 135 |
Cent L, & P... « 7 |har Paint Co.. <% —
Morning Session.
Board — , „ 
1 10 Alaska Packers 1 Association 113 50
100 Contra Costa Water .3 60
50 Giant Powder Con >* 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co » 60
250 Hutchinson S P Co 33 62%
10 Mutual Electric Light 1» 00
JIOOO Nevada Co N G R R bonds .110 00
75 Oceanic S SCo S3 60 j
20;. Paauhau S P Co «> <?
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 00 •
53005 3 V 4 per cent bonds 104 00
Street— • „ i
40 Hana Plantation Co 1' (0
BO Hutebipson SP Co 33 50 ,
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds — 124 .a |
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 1 <3 2»
23 Giant Powder Con 73 00
10 Giant Powder Con 71 75
4.'. Giant Powder Con 71 25
25 Giant Powder Con <1 00
100 Giant Powder Con, 9 30 71 00
: 100 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
185 Hutchlmwn S P Co 33 87%
20 MarKet fctreet Railway 6100 J
140 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
$12 000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent 107 25
50 Oceanic - .- Co *9 50
25 Oceanic S S Co, b 2 90*5
160 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 75
ISO S X Gas & Electric Co 70 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 62%
. 37 S V Water 102 00
$1000 8 V 6 per cent bonds 116 25
Street—
20 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
108 Equitable Gas 5 00
60 Equitable Gas. 5 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 12%
10 Hutchinson S P Co 33 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 33 62% i
10 Hutchinson SP Co 33 75 ]
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 12% j
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 75 j
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE i
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
20 Contra Costa Water 73 00 i
SO Equitable Gas 5 12%
10 Giant Powder 75 00
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board
60 Equitable Gas .' SCO :
30 Hawaiian Sugar & Commercial 99 75
20 Oceanic SS Co 89 50 i
Street—
10 Contra Costa Water 73 25
MINING STOCKS. •
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 32 500 Ophir 106 1
600 B«?st & Belcher 54 1 100 Overman 16
I 200 Caledonia 72 100 Overman 15 ;
400 Chollar 26: 600 Potosl 46
500 Con Cal & V...2 06 100 Savage 27
100 Con Cal & V...2 00 500 Sierra Nevada. 63 1
500 Gould & Curry. 31 400 Union Con 40
300 Mexican 57 200 Union Con 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 17, 100 Gould & Curry. 41
I 200 Belcher - 31] 200 Mexican 58
I 100 Best & Belcher 55. 100 Potosi 44
100 Con Cal & V...2 05, ZOO Savage 26!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock I
Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
1500 Alta 09 480 Hale & Norers. 36
200 Andes 19 200 Justice 10
400 Andes IS 600 Mexican 67
. 200 Best & Belcher M 600 Qphlr 110
400 Best & Belcher 54 300 Ophir 1 07%
80 Caledonia 56 200 Potosl 43
200 Chollar- XI 400 Potosl 48
200 Chollar 28 j 900 Potosl 46 i
200 Chollar 26 400 Potosl ;... 45 I
. 750 Con Cal & V...2 10 450 Savage 25
400 Con Cal & V.2 07-% 1 1400 Sierra Nevada. 65
200 Con Cal <* V...2 OS 200 Sierra Nevada. 63
300 Con Cal & V.2 02% 200 Sierra Nevada. 62 :
500 Gould & Curry. 41 300 Union Con ... 42 r
! 200 Gould & curry. 33 200 Union Con 39
200 Hale & Norcrs. 37 300 Yellow Jacket.. 36
. Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & V...2 05 200 Mexican 57 j
100 Con Cal & V.2 07% 200 Overman 14
100 Con Cal & V. 200 Potosl 44 1
s 30 2 05 200 Savage 26'
100 Con Cal & V. 300 Seg Belcher.... 07
b SO 2 07% 200 Sierra. Nevada. 63
2500 Con Imperial.'.. 01 200 Yellow Jacket.. 37 i
200 Crown Point... 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, July 10— 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 05 Justice 09 10 i
Alta 09 11 Kentuck OS 03 !
Andes 17 18 Lady Wash.... 01 02 j
Belcher 30 32 Mexican 57 ||
Best & Belcher 54 56 Occidental S , m
Bullion 07 09 Ophir w 15
Caledonia '1 -Overman " \
Chollar - 2S Potosi <J «
.Challenge Con. — 34 Savage »
Confidence — 86 Scorpion ? M
Con Cal & V...2 05 110 Se Belcher .... 0, 09
Con Imperial... 01 — Sierra Nevada. 62 63
Crown Point... 26 27 Silver Hill 01 03
Eureka C0n.... - 40 Syndicate -- i?
Con New York. — "4 Standard -2 **
Exchequer - 04 St Louis - jj
Gould & Curry. 39 40 Union Con S3 «
Hale & Norcrs. 37 * Utah ........... — "
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. -*2_^
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
Vnlted State* Coast and Geodetic Suney-
T!me«. and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to «n
Francisco Pay. Published by ..fflcial au
th.irity of the Superintendent.
NOTB— The high and low waters occur at
the city fmnt (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort rani.
! the height of tide is the seme at both places.
TUESDAY, JULY 11-
Sun rises ill*
Sun n^;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::^^Vm.
Moon sets • 923 p " m "
? l Tlme Ft K!lm I 7'"'! Ft I— Ft.
~ „ w L ' v W H W L W
iP-l^mi mw sis -fcii i : ;« 2I
5 "■ ?-wl li 8-35 0 9 3:30 6.2 9MI 2.0
t! - |:|5 \i\ 111 li 4:05 5.3| IOUO 1.6
!5 - lit h\ 9:30 1.8 4:42 B^ 11:40 1.1
1 ..." 5:5» 3-4! 10:3S 2.4 5:25 5.5 .....; ■■■
7 ... L oS i.Ti H i MS i.j h «s m
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hind column nn.l the 1 successive tides M tr.»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. TJie
second time column gives the second tide or
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column give* the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are- additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of trip lower low waters.
.STEAMERS T' > ARRIVE.
PtesmT.
! Tartar [Vancouver 'July 11
South Coast....' Humboldt July 11
\loha 'Point Arena 'July 11
: Prosreso {Seattle July 11
Washtenaw .... iTacoma July 11
Luella (Yaquina Bay July 11
Czarina Fuget Sound July 11
■ Slam JNanalmo July 11
i Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
i Bristol Departure Bay July 11
| Corona 'Pan Dlefro July 1)
I Pomona Humboltlt July 11
' Mackinaw Tacoma...: July 11
i Runol Grays Harbor July 11
i Newburg 'Grays Harbor (July 13
! Portland (St. Michael July 13
Bonlta Newport July 13
State California Portland July 14
Point Arena 'Point Arena July 14
Weeott IHumboldt.. 'July 14
Homer St. Michael July 15
i Santa Rosa Pan Dieiro July 15
! America Maru.JChlna and Japan July 16
'• Coqullle River.. [Grays Harbor July IS
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound July 19
Cleveland IPueret Sound July IS
North Fork IHumboldt July IS
Arcata 'Coos Bay (July 1*
Wellington Departure Bay July 16
A. Blanehard...!Coos Bay July I*s
Cora Bay Newport July 17
Crescent City.. 'Crescent City July 1.
Fulton 'Portland July 18
Columbia ...... Portland - ...'July 19
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Pails. j Pier.
Aloha Point Arena.. July 11. 3pm'Pler 2
Coos Bay .. ■Newport luly 11. 9 am Pier 11
Arrata [Coob Bay July 11. 10 am Pier 13
Mariposa ..|Sjrdney July 12. 16 fm Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland July 12, 10 am Pier 24
Luella ! Oreßon Ports. July 12. S pm Pier 2
Pomona . ... Humboldt Uuly 13. 2pm Pier 9
Corona San I>iep.. July 13. 11 am Pier 11
Coptic China £-.Tap<in July 14. 1 pm PMSS
I'matilla. ../Vic A Pet Pd. July 15, 10 am P!e r 9
Bonita Newport July IS, 9 am : P|er 11
Weeott Humboldt 'July 15. 2 pm Pier 13
Portland ... Pt. Michael... July 1?. 2 pm
State of Cal Portland July 17. lft am Pier 24
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. July IT. 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San D:»e:o 'July 17, 1! am Pier 11
San Juan.. Panama July IS. 12 m PMPS
Ftoamer.
Destination. '
Pails.
TIME RALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. T". S. N-. Mer
chants' Exchange, Pan Francisco. Cal.,
July 10. 1599.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at n^on of the 120 th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, I". S. N.. In charge
SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 10.
Ptmr Aloha. Jorpenson, 11 hours from Point
! Arena.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup. 52 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Proereso, Monroe, 84 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr South Coast, Strem, 26 hours from Eu
[ reka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlsen. 44 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr West port, Peterson, 52 hours from Pan
Pedro.
Haw bark" Santiago, Engalls. 30 days from
Hilo.
CLEARED.
Monday. July 10.
Stmr Conemaueh, Roberts. Manila. via
Honolulu: U S Government.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hell, San Pedro? Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Afon Alaw, Thomas, Queenstown;
Epplnger & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July 10.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gase, Victoria- and Port
Town3end.
Stmr Point Arena. Her.sen, Mendocino, etc.
Ptmr Alcazar, Gunderson, .
Stmr Navarro, Higrgins, .
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel. Tillamook Bay. In
tow stmr Navarro.
Beta Berwick, Ostlin, Coqullle River.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson. .
SPOKEN.
May 24. lat 2 X. 23 W— FV bark Bourbakl.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CHARTERS.
The Eliza Miller loads mdse for Honolulu and
Fanning Island.
The Kenil worth and Ross-shlre load wheat or
barley for Europe, 32s 6d.
COLLISION.
ANTWERP. July 10— Ger stmr Abelsbersr.
proceeding up Scheldt River, collided with Br
ship Osborn. the latter at anchor, and was
damaged forward.
DISASTER.
The Echr Dauntless, 10 tons. Captain Strahan.
with 20 barrels of salt salmon, bound from
Rogue P lver to Port Orford. total loss at sea;
captain saved; one man lost about June 20.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west: velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed July 9— Stmr City of To
peka. for Dyea.
Arrived July S— Ptmr City of Puebla. hence
July 5: Br ship Puritan, from Esquimau
NUSHAGAK— Arrived May 2S— Bktn Gard
iner City, hence May 1.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July Schr Re
peat, hence Jun 23; bark Aureola, hence June
"'GREENWOOD — Arrived July 10 — stmr
Whitcsboro. hence July S.
FORT BRAGG— July 10— Stmr Noyo,
for Pan Francisco.
POINT ARENA — Arrived July 10— Stmr
Whltesboro, hence July 8.
VENTURA — Arrived July Stmr Geortre
Looml?. hence July 9.
Sailed July 10— Stmr George Loomls, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 10— Chil ship
Star of Bengal, hence June 22.
[VERSENS LANDING— SaiIed July i<y_Schr
Reliance, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 10— Stmr Pomona. for
San Francisco; bktn Monitor, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived July »— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence July 6.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— Arrived July Schr J M
Weatherwax. from New Westminster
SYDNEY— Arrived Drior July 10— Stmr Ala
m<"ia, hence June 15.
AUCKLAND- Balled July 10-Br stmr Moana.
for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI-Sailed about July S— Br ■hip
Muskoko. for Portland. " ;-:,,;
July 7-Emile Galline. for
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 7— Br bark
Port Patrick, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed July 7— Br ship Fannie
Kerr. from Antwerp. July S— Br ship Wasdale
for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July S-Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
CALLAO— Arrived July 7— Br bark Ancvra,
from Port Blakeley.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER?.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 10— Stmr Van
couver, from Montreal.
SYDNEY— Arrived previously July 10— Stmr
Alameda. from San Francisco. " '"""
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously July 10—
Stmr Doric, from Pan Francisco - ■
AUCKLAND— SaiIed July 10-Stmr Moana
for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr Tauri.
from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTOX-Arrlved July 10-Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York, for
Bremen.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr Frie«
l&nd, from Antwerp.
1 ■ . ' .-.,.",MRS. STORKE
SENTENCED
FOR LIBEL
To Be Imprisoned One Year
in the Santa Barbara
County Jail.
HER MIMING WAY
Yda Addis, the Once Brilliant
Writer, Believed to Be Now
Verging on Insanity.
Special Dispatch to Th» Cull.
SANTA BARBARA, July 10.— Yda Addis
Ptorke, the once brilliant writer of stories,
chiefly relating to Mexican life. Is expect
ed to become a raving maniac at any mo
ment. She appeared in the Superior Court
this morning: to receive sentence on a
charge of writ and mailing libelous
letters to R. F. Winchester, and for which
a jury found her guilty. A large crowd
assembled to see how she would boar up
Tinder the prolonged strain. She came in,
being conducted by Sheriff Stewart, very
slowly, and plainly showed the effects of
the struggle she had on Saturday night
with Attorney Grant Jackson in an at
tempt to murder him. She was quite
lame and several times had to ask for
assistance.
When court was called Senator John J.
Boyce, her attorney, arose and said
that he had prepared a bill of exceptions
and a motion for a new trial, which he
would submit without argument. These,
he said, he had prepared with the aid of
his client, the defendant. Immediately
upon submitting the bill of exceptions and
motion for a new trial Boyce s&id.tha*
the action of the defendant since ihe tfjarf
had been such that as far as he vas per
serially concerned he would have nothing
further to do with the case, but that
hereafter Attorney Carrier, his associate,
would conduct the case. Carrier was ap
pointed to defend Mrs. Storke by the
court, while Boyce entered the case volun
tarily at a later date. Boyce conducted
the case himself, Carrier not being heard
at all. Senator Boyce'a decision came as
a surprise to the defendant, who al
though she has abused him on the street
for the result of her trial, hardly expected
him to desert her.
After a short conversation with Attor
ney Carrier, Mrs. Storke began: "If it
please the court, I will remain seated, as ]
1 am suffering too much pain to stand.
She went on with a. long argument In
well chosen words, principally to the ef
fect that she had secured further testi
mony which would prove beyond a doubt j
that F. N. Guiterrez was the author of
the libelous letters, and that in order to
corroborate this several reputable citizens,
although hosiilo to her, would swear to
affidavits implicating the said Guiterrez.
Senator Bovce arose at this time and
said that he 'was the only attorney that
had been consulted since the trial, and
that no such affidavits had been placed
in his hands.
Mrs. Storke said that she had informed
Boyce that she would swear to such affi
davits.
Judge Oster listened attentively to her,
and at the close stated he believed the
verdict a correct one, and thai the pen
alty for such offense to be utterly inade
quate. He then sentenced her to the full
jjeualty— one year In the County Jail.
Tho woman simply said: "I have vio
lated no law." She was then taken to
jail, and there began abusive talk about
her former attorney.
This afternoon Mrs. Storke was taken
to the Police Court for arraignment, un
df-r the charge of an attempt to murder
Grant Jackson. She appeared even
weaker than she had in the afternoon.
Judge Wheaton asked her to give her true
name, and she replied: Yda Addis
ritorke-Jackson. There may be sonic
doubt to the Jackson; but that will Lo :..;
issue in this case."
She contends that a contract "marriage
exists between her and Grant Jackson,
and that she visited his room yesterday
morning not with intent to murder and
commit ar^uult upon him, but as a right |
as his wifo.
Mrs=. Storke's examination will take
place Thursday, and she was required to I
give $suoo bail.
Two six-ehooters, a large bottle of
chloroform contained in a bottle stamped
"fiotica del Aguila Chihuahua Emillo
Tafon," a small bottle containing pruH.sic j
acid; a knife and some cord were taken to
the scene of the attempted murder by
her. Jt is believed by many that it was
her intention, to chloroform Jackson,
which she partially succeeded in doing,
and then mutilate him. After this she
undoubtedly intended to destroy her life
on the spot. This theory is borne out by
the fact ttiat everything necessary for I
carrying these things into execution were j
present; and also because she hovered
about the house all night long waiting for
an opportunity to enter, which she did at
daylight. She admitted to Jackson that |
she had been near the house all night,
stating that .she saw him enter rather
late, light the gas, read some time and
then retire.
Late this afternoon Mrs. Storke ap
peared to have become completely col
lapsed, but her physicians were sum
mon.- . in time to lend aid. It is believed
that the woman i.s about to become a rav
ing maniac. SI ■ will allow any one to
interview her, and talks freely about her
case. !
GRAPE-NUTS.
©-©—©-©—© — ©-©-© — ©-©-©
1
• Food Cure. I
• ' ?]
© T
© NATURE'S !
• WAY.
• 7
• , I
• See Diet List Below, ?
o ©
0-©--©-©-© — © — ©—®-©—©—®
HEALTH REGAINED VIA FOOD
A man may try all sorts of drugs to
help him get well, but after all the
"food cure" is the method intended by
Natur«.
Any one can prove the efficacy of the
food cure by making use of the follow-
ing breakfast each morning for fifteen
or twenty days:
A dish containing not more than four'
heaping teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts,
enough good, rich cream to go with
them, some raw or cooked fruit, not
more than two slices of entire wheat
bread, and not more than one cup of j
I'osturn Food Coffee, to be supped, not
drank hurriedly. Let this suffice for
the breakfast.
Let one meal in the day consist of an
abundance of good meat, potato and
one other vegetable.
This method will quickly prove the
value of the selection of the right kind
of food to rebuild the body and replace
the lost tinnue which Is destroyed every
day and must be made up, or disease of
some sort enters in. This is an age of
specialists, and the above suggestions
are given by a specialist In food values.
dietetics and hygiene. Price, 16 cents
per package.
INSISTS HE STOLE
CARRANZA LETTER
! George Bell Adheres to
His Story.
GIVES THE LIE TO WILKIE
! FURTHER DETAILS TO SUPPORT |
HIS CLAIM.
; Reiterates the Charge That the Mis- ;
sivs of the Spanish Agent
Was Changed and Dis
torted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NBTW FORK, July 10.— A special to the
Herald from Montreal says: George A.
■ Bell, who made a sworn statement that j
rranza letter and that it
was changed and distorted in Washing
ton, reiterates his story to-day in spite
| of the deniaJ of Chief Wilkie and Major ,
i .. Bittinger, the United States Con
re, who said it was stolen by Ralph
Redfern of the i i Ited States Becret ser
vice. He says the statement that Red-'
stole the letter is untrue and adds:
•'l 5t...'.. that letter in the way 1 have
i detailed. That is my statement once and ,
' for all. I gave the circumstances of how
it v. as don< oath. Perjury is a
us crime. If I have committed per
jury 1 am not running away from It. I
: am surprised to see thai Chief Wilkie
denies having ever met me. 11« find I
than once before the Carranza
letter was thought of. And as to the
envelope that Wilkie shows, there is no j
'. proof at all that the Carranza letter was j
contained therein. Any report might have '
', been sent him from an agent in that en- j
velope.
"Hi iys the letter was obtained by his !
. May 27. Everybody interested
better than that. Lieutenant Car
za Bwore he had the letter in his
I at breakfast on the morning of
Saturday, May 'J\ and only put it on the ,
bureau afterward. I repeat that the let
ter was in my possession at the St. I.ar.i
--i bert until 7:15 ■ <v night. May 28,
! when j boarded the train for New Sfork.
■ The letter could not possibly have
I reached Washington on Saturday night
and Wilkii bal very night he
i showed It to Secrei ■• Gag and Assist
ant Secretory Vanderlip. It was a phy
sical impossibility."
11. C. St. Pierre, Q. C, a prominent
criminal lawyer litre, who was legal ad- ,
vlser to Messrs. Carranza and Dubosc
during their trouble in Montreal, said to- j
day:
"1 would not be at all surprised if it
1 was BeU who stole the letter from Car- '
ranza. The portrait of him published in
the papers rfectly with the de- ',
scription given by Lieutenant Carranza. J
When the letter was published in Wash
.. eight days after it was stolen.!
rranza immediately pro-
I that it wrus altered. He gave me ,
■ the details, of which I took note. Now '
: i find teratJona in the letter of
Carranza denounced by Bell are exactly:
I by < Jarranza."
Mr. St. PJei Stella Meedon, *
a servant in Carranza's house, told me
that the man who took the letter ha.d a i
habit of twitching h . and Bell :
declare liberately untied his neck
r to give him an excuse to go
to the glass and arrange it. He stole the
aa !)•• pasßed the table where it lay.
1 believe Bell's story of how the letter
was stolen complet<
A Washington special to the Herald
says when Wilkie and Quesada were
■ shown the full story in the Montreal
Star both pronounced it false and libel- j
ous.
A Kansas City special quotes Deputy
Burns of the se< • ac saying that
Bell had nothing to do with the
which was stolen by a rt-gular attache ■
:he secret service.
STEAMER PORTIA WRECKED
FLYNN ISLAND
)y the Sea Is Smooth and
Passengers and Crew Are Safely
Landed.
HALIFAX. N. 8., July io.— The steamer
. from New York for Halifax, was
wrecked during a dense fog early this
g on Flynn Island, off B imbro, a
point teen miles to the eastward
of Halifax. The " and crew, 115
nil told landed on the island In the ship's
nil are comfortably housed
there No loss of lif^ is reported. A
as all th< people 1 '■■ ly landed
Captain Farrell started for the main land
with a boat's crev and reached Samliro :
■ -night, whence he sent the news
to Halifax by telephone. :
Fortunatelj the weather was moderate
and the sea running was no* high, else
iho tending of those on board could not
without great
pi : haps loss of life.
The steamer is already full of water and
a total wreck. The disaster occurred
shortly before 7 p. m. The passengers, of
whom there nty-flve, were nearly
The steamer had a large car
go for and St. Johns, N. F. The |
place where she struck is known as Iflßi
Fish shoal, and is one and a half miles
f the light on Sambro Island.
SECRET MARRIAGE OF
MISS ISABELL FOX
Granddaughter of Senator Stewart
Weds a Nevada School
Principal.
CARSON, New, July 10.— f'arson society
lurprteed announce
ment of the marriage of Theodore R. Ho
fer Jr. to Miss [sabell Stewart Fox. Miss
Fox ia a granddaughter of Senator Stew
art and i 1 -' spending the summer in this
city. Mr. Hofer Is the principal of the
Gardnerville public schools. The marriage
. having i■ • n p rformed last
Saturday by Father Gartland. it became
known through the bride telling a young
lady friend. Mlsa Fox is a society fa
vorite, and is well known in Washing
ton.
FIGHT OVER A WOMAN.
; Shooting Affray at a Resort Near San
Quentin.
SAX QUENTIN, Ji:ly 10.— The Jealousy
I existing between John George, a Greek
r Hie Point House, and
I Hermann Bterlowe, quarantine watchman
: on tl ' ;i woman who ha.s
been ■""• time at the Point
Housi empt to commit mur
der and ai age at o late hour
(Talr is enshouded in
ry and a number of conflicting tales
.gi went before Jus
tice ftodden ai Ban Rafael and gwor« to
ia warrant charging Sterlowe with having
; attempted to take his life and with
i threats to >-..r:iiait murd< ''•
A week ago Sterlowe attempted to enter
(ieorK'-'s house at night, and the latter
tried ai the time to obtain a warrant for
Sterlowe's arrest, but failed, i.aat night
cries of "Help!" and "Murder!" closely
following three revolver shots, caused
half 'he village to flock to the Bcene.
c claims he- shot at the quarantine
officer because the latter tried to break
lute- the hotel and threatened to use a pi«
--: tn ] displayed In his: !. Bterlowe Is un
der arrest
To Welcome the Brooklyn.
I Krrx-i-U Table tn .Tho Call aivi the New Tnrk
Copyrighted, 189J, by James Gor
,l, ii Bepnett.
nRTSSEI.S, July 10.— Great prepara
tions are being made at Antwerp to we -
1 ,,,/, the Pnited Statea cruiser Brooklyn,
The KinK of Belguira wiil probably visit
fha vessel and take part in the /estivi
ti.s in honor of the American sailors.
Giren away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors. $ize 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HUSBANDS AND
WIVES MUST
BE PATIENT
Secret Trips to Reno
Are Delayed.
ARE LONGING FOR DIVORCES;
i
Unless Relief Be Speedily Given It Is
Feared That Some of the
Quarreling Couples May
Reunite.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 10.
While three-Quarters of the bench of
Alameda County Is rusticating and cool
ing off in some of the shady nooks of
the State many unhappy couples are |
forced to remain in the sweltering heat j
Of Oakland because there is no Judge on !
hand to attend to their petty domestic j
uuarrels.
Each day some unhappy husbands or i
wives linger around the courthouse in
the hope of obtaining the joyful informa- !
tion that the law has made them free i
from their hated partners, but Jud^e ■
Hall, having far more serious iaw busi
on hand, and being the only Judge :
i in attendance, has concluded that divorces j
ran wait until other matters are d:s- '
posed of.
Judge Ogden will pass on these family ;
1 quarrels when he returns, but as he only I
THE MORGUE CAUSES TROUBLE.
left for his vacation to-day, and as he is
entitled to a month, there is little bops
for thee« Impatient husbands ana wives
who are forced to remain married against
their will and without their consent.
One of the most impatient of thia un
happy crowd is Mrs. Ida Strong, who
gave her testimony some weeks ago ana
who is now longing for a few strokes
from some Judge's pen to complete the
record. Her husband is in Just as much
of a hurry. Although there is a law for
bidding divorced couples to marry again
within a year in California, there are
all facilities for breaking the Intent 01 tnis
law at Reno or Carson.
Mrs. DeKay is another very anxious
woman who would like her decree, bne
has been married several years and her
husband baa played a matrimonial hide
and seek game. He contracted a naDlt ol
leaving her when he saw prospects of a
good income in the mines and of return
ing to share her income when he could
not do better. For the past two years he
has neglected to supply his little wife
with necessaries and she has tired of his
game. She brought suit for divorce two
months ago and everything Is in readiness
for the Judge's signature. Mrs. DeKuy
is anxious to have the matter concluded
as speedily as possible, for it is about
time, judging by the past, for her huh
band to return and spend a few months
as a star boarder and guest in the lodg
ing house which she is now running as a
means of support for herself and family.
There are several other divorce cases
waiting to be signed, and in one there If a
strong; probability that If it be not done
speedily the husband and wife will have
settled their differences and will be anxr
ious to have their case stricken off th«»
calendar. '- ,
Walter Wright commenced suit to-oay
through his attorney. Darwin O. De Golia,
for a divorce from Chloe J. Wright on the
ground of desertion.
NOT DEAD AS REPORTED.
John H. Widman Lives Through
a Successful Operation on His
Head.
The report of the death of John H.
Widman in Honolulu as a result of a
operation, as published in a morning pa
per, is refuted by his sister who is in
receipt of a letter from him. in which he
states that the operation was highly suc
cessful and that he owes his recovery to
the excellent services of Dr. Skobayasht.
According to the letter. Mr. Widman is.
now a patient in the Japanese Hospital
of Honolulu and receiving the best of
"while a lad at school Mr. Widman
collided with another boy and received a
bump on the head, which caused him no
end of trouble and expense. He was af
flicted with epileptic fits periodically and j
medical treatment could do little to re- .
lieve him. At the age of 31 he decided
to have another operation performed and
he placed himself in the hands of the
Japanese physician. The operation was
successful and he no longer complains of
the epileptic attacks. Mr. Widman Is
well known to the residents of this city.
He Is a singer of ability and has ap
peared at entertainments given by fra
ternal organizations. He Is a member of
Borromean Council No. 129 Y. M. 1., and
other organizations. Friends will be glad
to learn of hi» being in the land of the
living. ■<■'■■
CHURCH AND
ROETH HEAR
A DEAL OF LAW
Astute Mr. Allen Is
Very Wary.
MORGUE NOW IN POLITICS
County Officials Hold a Session for
the Purpose of Playing Their
Old Game, "Pass the
Buck."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 10.
Now it is the Morgue. Last week ft
was a flagpole. There Is always some
grave issue in local politics.
This morning Supervisor Roeth was to
have received In op< n session of the board
.-.. positive Statement fnrni District At
torney Allen regarding the establishment
of a County Morgue. Mr. Roeth has been
working a great deal In his mind on pub
lic morgues and recently he brought the
mutter up officially. He believes that one
half of the evils of the politics surround
ing the County Coroner will be banished
forever if there be a public morgue. The
District Attorney was ordered last week
to look up the law regarding the Coro
ner, the Morgue and its location. He did
so very fully and thoroughly and now
the Supervisors are just as wise aa they
wt-r.- a week ago regarding the point at
issue, although they are elaborately sup
plied With the law bearing on the sub
ject.
Mr. Allen, scenting the political element
In the agitation, refused to be enticed
into anybody's parlor, and, In the jargon
of the street, he determined to abide by
the letter of the Supervisors' request and
to remain on the fence as regards any
political Interpretation that might be de
rived from the statutes.
In his opinion he told the board that
they had a right to designate where the
office of Coroner shall be located, but the
law .says nothing regarding the location
of the Morgue. Sections and subdivisions
of statutes were quoted at great length
and the Supervisors were informed thai
there is a county official called the Coro
ner- that he must have his office at the
county seat: that the Supervisors must
erect -such public buildings as are neces
sary for the purposes of the county prov
ernment; that the law provides no office
hours for the Coroner, and that he must
summon not less than nine nor more than
fifteen iurors, etc., all of which the Su
pervisors have known since the days of
their political childhood.
Quoting from the wise derisions of the
Supreme Court, the District Attorney
read something about San Joaquin vs.
Budd, in which the august body says that,
it Is the duty of Supervisors to erect and
furnish a Courthouse and to provide ne
cessary offices for county officers, and to
designate the rooms they shall occupy.
Mr. Roeth listened patiently to the re
port but could not get. any satisfaction
from' it. He asked the District Attorney
the blunt question, "Has the board power
to determine the locality of the Morgue?"
"Gentlemen," said Mr. Allen, with his
softest smile, "I have given you the law
regarding your duties. It le not for me to
instruct you what to do."
"Have we the right to provide a pub
lic Morgue?" asked Roeth.
"1 have given yon the. law on the sub
ject " said Mr. Allen, with another smile,
"and I cannot presume to take to myself
your powers of judgment."
* Supervisor Will Church came to Rocth's
assistance and said the board had a right
to get just such an opinion as it desired
from the District Attorney, to which Mr.
Mitchell quickly replied that Mr. Allen
was there to quote the law, and that if
some members of the board wanted him
to sit ac a Supervisor they could elect him
to that office.
Deputy Constable Missing.
OAKLAND, July 10.— Deputy Constable
Roy Torres of East Oakland has been
mining for the past severul weeks and
is Hupposed to have departed for pas
turt-s new. He was wanted in Justice
Larue's court to-day on a charge of bat
tery preferred by \V. L. Gommo. Con
stabie White, who had appointed him,
however, declared that he lost sight of
his deputy for several weeks, and a sub
pena issued failed to bring Torres Into
court. Torres had also sworn to charges
of resisting an officer against A. and W.
Clommo. They appeared in court, but ow
ing to Torres' non-appearance the cases
were dropped.
Judge Gaddis' Vacation.
WOODLAND. July 10.— Judge Oaddis
adjourned court this afternoon for the
summer vacation. On Tuesday morning
he will take his departure for Los An
geles, to be absent a month.
BROKEN RECORD
THAT BETOKENS
BETTER TIMES
Activity in Oakland
Real Estate.
NATURAL GROWTH, NO BOOM
Fees of Becorder's Office for One Day
Beach Over One Hundred Dol
lars — Unprecedented in
County's History.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 10.
The County Recorder's office has broken
Its record. Not only was last month the
! busiest since January, 1895. but on last
Saturday there were more deeds, re
leases of mortgages and other papers filed
i than on any previous day in the county's
: history. The total fees for the day
' summed up $101 50. Exclusive of about
i ten or twelve gift deeds and deeds of
' trust, mortgages and reconveyances, the
following named tiled deeds of actual
bona fide sales:
G. H. Merrill to Ellen J. Baker, John
P. Beckett to John W. McKenzie, Ed
! Salz to James McKeown, Theodore Wag
! ner to Anna Gilbert, John Peterson to
Bernard Peterson, Charles J. Reuter to
j Phebe Leach, Central Pacific Railroad
Company to L. D. Inskeep, C. J. Fat to
Nellie S. Allen, James T. Moran to the
Roman Catholic Church, Mary E. Dewing
to W. J. O'Neill, Jessie E. Awppon to
Laura B. Bird, Homer A. Craight to J.
' Josephine Shoo, Henry Z. Jones to
Charles T. Carson, J. B. Draper to Emma
Levy, Mary C. Ironside to A. H. Doig, A.
L Stone to James B. Aver?. L. H. Dresco
to W J- Baker. J. E. Capwell to Edward
Metzger, Nettie F. Pickett to R. A Pick
ett H A. Pickett to E. D. Macdonal*,
Joseph Ullrich to Emma Weymann, Rich
ard W. Garrell to Jogepb H. Thompson,
Simon Keegan to Charles J. Selby, S. C.
Bigelow to Charles Itoeth, estate of
Philip Bo^finr to William C. Giles. Wil
liam C. GfllM to M. Marks.
A large majority of all papers relate to
the great improvement that is gradually
taking place in North Oakland and other
parts of the territory recently annexed.
There is nothing in the nature of a
' "boom" about this steady progress, but
It Is a healthy development of a large
i area that has been held back for lack of
the facilities that are only to be ob
tained by a large municipality.
"Most of the property* that changed
hands in the deeds filed Saturday," said
Recorder Grimm's chief deputy, Robert
Leckie, to-day, "is in the district between
Grove street, San Pablo avenue, Tele
graph avenue and Piedmont. It is all
•ice property. Last month was the
highest for the number of deeds and
papers recorded since January, 1895. That
alone Is most wonderful, in view of the
fact thf.t the months of May, June and
July are supposed to be the most quiet
in "the year. The total receipts in our
office for June reached $19$n, while the
total fees for last Saturday was $101 dO.
This month will prove a stunner, 1 verily
believe.
"1 can hardly account for it. There has
been no boom. It is a kind of natural
growth and healthy increase in the real
estate market.
"It seems there has been a great deal
of picking up of cheap properties as well —
where people have been compelled to sell
fur various causes. Rut. withal, present
indications are most gratifying. Oh, Cali
fornia is the greatest changing place in
the world." continued Chief Deputy
Leckie, as he grinned gleefully over the
day's record.
GRACIE FRATES
FATALLY BURNED
OAKLAND. July 10.— Oracle Frates, 4
years of age, was fatally burned this
evening at her homo In San Leandro. The
little girl was playing on the front step
and had taken advantage of an opportu
nity to go Into the house and procure
some matchup. A few minutes later Grade
was In flamed. Her elder brother, who
was playing with her, tore the clothes off
her and" was himself badly burned.
The girl's screams attracted the mother,
who was in the rear of the house, and she
rushed to her assistance and helped ex
tinguish the flames. The child was fear
fully burned and flesh was falling from
many portions of her body. Dr. Tormey
was summoned and did everything possi
ble for the little sufferer, but he pro
nounced her Injuries fatal.
■ m ■
A Yonkers, N. V., man dislocated his
shoulder by sneezing.
KISSING BUG SCARE
REACHES ALAMEDA
ALAMEDA. July 10.— John McCulley is laid up at his home, 1437 Cottage
street, suffering from fright. He believes that he was attacked by a
kissing bug Saturday night, and in his desperate fight to defend him
self from the poisonous bite of the famous insect he became exhausted
and loHt consciousness. When he regained his senses he was in the arms
of Policeman Ed Hadley, who was wondering what the trouble was with his
fellow officer.
The attack occurred at Morton-street station, where McCulley was wait-
Ing for a narrow-gauge train. McCulley says the bug was not quite as large
rs a blackbird and yet too big to be an Alameda mosqfUo. It flew into the
station nnd made straight for his face. All the kissing oug stories that have
appeared recently flaphed through the officer's mind, and visions of instant
death presented themselves to McCulley in rapid succession. His hands flew
about his head like a windmill In his efforts to ward off the bite of i.c bug,
and when he thought the kisser was about to get in an uppercut under his
guard he gave a yell and fell unconscious on the station floor.
Officer Hadley was attracted by the noise, and thought murder was being
committed. When McCulley regained consciousness the two policemen made
a search for the bug, but were unable to find it. McCulley insists that the
thing was black and unlike any insect he had ever seen before. He is not a
drinking man. He was so overcome by fright that he had to be taken to
hie home, and it may be several days before he Is able to resume hi» duties.
CLAIMS A PART
OF SAN RAFAEL
Duncan McNee's Suit to
Be Prosecuted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 10.— Nearly a year |
| ago i)uncan McNee of San Francisco filed j
: suit in the Superior Court of Marin Coun- J
j ty to obtain possession of valuable prop- j
I erty comprising about an eighth of the i
town site of San Rafael. As time wore j
j on and no summons was served on any of |
I the numerous defendants In the case Mc
! Xee's suit came to be regarded as a gl- j
■ pantlc "game of bluff," and so little was j
thought of It that even those most vitally j
Interested ceased to give it further atten- j
tlon, believing that if the plaintiff made !
any further move It would be simply to j
see if the suit could not be compromised, j
While in this frame of mind the defend- |
ants, one and all. were suddenly thrown j
I Into a state of surprise and consternation j
| to-day by the long delayed summons be- j
i ing served by an agent of plaintiff's at- I
i torney, W. W. Mclntosh. This evidence ]
| of a desire to push the suit to an issue |
I has convinced the interested parties that j
; McNee think* he stands a reasonable ■
chance of winning his case in the courts, j
! and while they are of the opinion that j
their titles are clear there is a good deal ,
of speculation as to whether or not Me- ;
Nee may play a hidden card.
The property concerned in the suit nea ;
: along the line" of the narrow gauge rail- j
way south of B street, and includes the i
i stations of the San Francisco and North
Pacific and the North Pacific Coast Rail
way companif-f and the plant of the San
Rafael (ias Company. McNee claims to ,
i have inherited this valuable property from .
his grandfather, who is alleged to have
held it under the terms of an old Spanish
Among the other defendants, there be- ,
ing fifty in all. are the following: A. F. j
i Hotallng. Beihool Trustee William F. Ma
gee Aaron Shaver, C. O. Jensen, Joseph !
Hoxie and John and Catherine Mangin.
As Aaron Sharer is deceased his widow.
Margaret, probably will be drawn into the j
suit.
WICKERSHAM WILL CONTEST.
Action Begun by the Disinherited
Son of the Late Banker.
SANTA ROSA, July 10.-Frank P.
Wickersham of Fresno, son of the late
banker, J. G. Wickersham, thin morning
commenced a contest of his father'B will
in the Superior Court. The estate was
valued at over $1,000,000. Under the. pro
visions of the will Frank Wickersham
was left only $5.
In the contest it is alleged that the de
cedent at the time and date of mak.ng
of the pretended will was incapable and
incompetent; that the pretended will is
not thf will of the late millionaire.
It is charged that Lizzie C. Wickersham
and Fred A. Wickersham, eon and daugh
ter of the deceased and brother and sis
ter of the contestant, exercised undue in
fluence over the decedent and persuaded
him to deprive contestant of said estate,
save the sum of $5.
Henry Miller Jr. to Wed.
GIL.ROY. July If).— The public announce
ment of the betrothal of Henry Miller
Jr., son of the cattle king, and Miss Sarah
Onyon, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
W. T. Onyon of this city, has been made.
Mrs J. I.erov NicKel of Menlo Park en
tertained a half hundred of her Gilroy
lady friends at her beautiful summer cnt
tage at Mount Madonna on Saturday
afternoon in honor of Miss Onyon. It
was a brilliant nffair in every way. Ml.«s
Onyon is one of Gllroy's most intelligent
young ladies and has been teaching scnool
"in Camadero District for a decade. The
wedding, it is understood, will take place
in August.
Anxious to Enlist.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, July 10.— Prominent Ameri
cans here will ask President McKinley's
permission to enlist at least one battalion
of soldiers for duty in the Philippines.
Drowned in the Mokelumne.
JACKSON, July 10.— C. Sullivan, 30
years of agre. was drowned in Mokelumne
River near Middle Bar this morning. lie
went swimming with a companion. It 1b
supposed he was attacked by cramps. His
companion did his utmost to save him,
but without avail.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R H Davis, Oakland ;J McKlnne, Sange^
L I* Fleishman, Stockt R J Vanschle. Auburn
Dr O L Barton. Mlnn'J R Matthews Uklah
\V H CafYett. Auburn [C W Rogers, Lb Ang
T A Graham. San Jose W T Brush, Cal
\V C Smith, Sacto L McGulre. Pinole
C P Bailey, Sacto A McCullough, Pinole
T W Schmallng, lone G J Well, N V
D A Hare i'ul iG Turner, Modesto
G B Ingram, Kepwlck M J Wright, gacto
T Muri'nv, Cal 'A C Pratt. Carson
T Cavarallo, San Jose R H Endlcott. Stocktn
C D Cavallaro. S Jose J A Black, Chicago
\ D Frore. Pan J^se M Swank. Cal
C A McKenzle, Cal Miss I Swank. Cal
G G Bvroes, Sta Cruz Miss Perrlngton, Va
H Toda Oakland Mins B Swank. Cal
\V p Johnson, L Gatus J N Gillette & w, Cal
M 11 Miirtln, Ogden A T Ormaby & w, Colo
Mips M H»weU, l.'tah C W Baker. Denver
Mi6s L Shaw, t'tah Miss L H Baber, Cal
X G Lines* N V H B Brewlngton. Minn
H A Walsh. Cleveland C C Caples. Cal
Miss Graham, Ind L H Young, Cal
Mhss Kelley. Ind F H Powen. Chicago
I, S Russell, Term A H < halraerß, Cal
W Kvans NY CM Ritter. Chico
a H Goldstein 1 i^* L Levlncon, Portlnd
I C Franks Cal W D Wheelwright. Or
L B lleiiilrlcks. Pnrtld P M Toplitz. N V
C B Ford Sn Andreas E Boesch, Cal
\ W Lewhtn«nn. Term F L Rates & w, Cal
\fri W B Falrchild.cal F C Liston & w. Minn
mU J FalrcMM, Cal H Gihson, Cal
J M White Stockton T W II Shanahan, Cat
A Anderson. Suisun J D Wadsworth. Cal
A F Smith. Cal E Elder, Woodland
PALACE HOTEL.
F Hackmever, (luatla iA 8 Rutherford, city
H A Ward. NY \3 H Wise, l'lttsburg
C S Cappenburger, NY Mrs H P Pontag.Sßaf
W A Zum. N V MIM E Sontag. S Raf
Mrs Land Syracuse Miss A Davis. S Raf
E C Mix NY HI Goodman. Napa
Mrs E C Mix. N V W M Haney. Tacoma
A L Kennedy, Phlla Mrs Harvey. Tacoma
U r (irefnllef. USA Mrs Wakefleld, Engld
T F Herlihy, N V Miss L Gullle, Englnd
Mrs J A Phillips, Ia W J Shattuck. Han*l
C R Bell, Los Ang R Becker. Sacto
Miss M Bell, Los Ang Mrs Becker. Sacto
R S Brown S Rafael J C Salter. Baltimore
Mrs R 8 Brown. S Raf Mrs D McLean, Mpls
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A E Loomis & w, Ariz A D Miller, Perm
J Stewart. Neb J F Miller, Perm
F Kern Fresno T"> D Miller, Perm
J J Cross. Stockton W E Dickinson. Perm
J C Freeman. Suisun' S David. San Jose
C F Howl! Cal |T J Newman, I'klah
G E Anderson, Cal IE W Young &w, N V
F Estrada. Petaiuma Mrs L L W inters. Colo
Miss Smith. Cal , C O Johnson. Denver
.1 3 Wesling, Perm I
Sergeant McCann Stabbed.
- Sergeant William McCann of the Third
Artillery got into a dispute with a large
number of soldiers at California and Du-
no.it streets late last night and was
stabbed in the back, arm, lei? and head.
He was picked up by a policeman and
removed to the Harbor Hospital. The
wounds are not serious. The assailants
ran way immediately after the cutting,
and up to an early hour this morning had
not been arrested.
Curious Custom.
In China it is the custom for guests at din-
ners to run around between the courses. This
Is supposed to keep the diner's digestion in,
good condition, but the nervous, hustling
American needs something else, and there la
nothing better than Hostetter's Stomach Bit-,
ters. If a man or woman is suffering with,
constipation, indigestion or any stomach
trouble, it's their fault if they don't get well.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will cure them.
See that a private Revenue Stamp covers the
n»fk of the bottle.
/^^k Gibbon's Dispensary.
/L*,o*Jfk ft 2s KEAR3TV ST. Established
mS*l ln 1884 for the treatment of Private
§, Diseases, Manhood. Debility or
1 Oiis KEABSY ST Established
H In ISC4 for the treatment •■! I'rivatO
■f Mseiuses. Lost Man hood. Debility of
HKJLMgj&'STJ* disease wearing on bodyand mlr.dacd
■ Skin Disposes. rnt» doctor cures when
aHraßssfl£j tllhers * Try him Charges low,
J?*BbeS5SsSS ('nrriguaranlvrA. Oa.ll orwrltou
Mr. J. *•"- WlHBn!«, Box I'j37.s*ui. Francisca
OCEAN TBAVKL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Jli^ Steamers leave Broadway
)H&-_^^ wharf. San Francisco:
■ StiKSA^Sfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i • HBotl^ July 5. 10 15. 20 - 2.'.. 30. August
, ' y£ EaS^S^ *■ r hance nt Seattle.
; s^s^^ > «43 F" or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 i i^^SSgaLl C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
Taconia Everett. Anar-ortea
and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m. July 5, 10, 15. 20. 25,
1 30 August 4. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's Ptearners
■ for Alaska and G. N. Ry. . at Tacoma to N. 1 .
i Ky. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), t p. m.. July 3.
; 8, 18. IS, 23. 2S, "August 2. and every fifth day
thereafter. _.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port llarford (San Luis Obl«po>,
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem»,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 8. 7. IT. 15. 19. 23. 2.. 31.
August 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Kan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (Pan Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo» Angeles). 11 a.
m., July 1, 6. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 29. August i.
; and every fourth day thereafter.
i For Ensenada. Magdaiena Bay, San JoFe del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Snnta Rosalia
i and Guaymns (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of eacH
; month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang«»
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
! and hour* of galling.
TICKKT OTFK'K —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts .
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
nrT«\T'-!l FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Pp»ar--treet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *12 First Cia*< Incladlns Bert^#
IAnC S3 Second Cla«M and Meals.
Columbia sails June ZZ; July 2, 12, 22.
State of California tails June 17. S7; July 1,
37 L 17.
Short lie* to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all polnta East.
H. C. WARD, General Agent.
<S0 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.,
Superintendent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
' can Trading and Transportation Cornparrjrß
! steamer Rolnoke for ST. MICHAELS OOLO-
! YIN BAT CAPE NOME and all points on th«
| YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
i TICKET OFFICE, 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL, GOLOVIN BAT. CAPS
NOME, DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
Th» New Steamers
BERTHA and PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
•Oth of July for above points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on tn«
! For freight", passage and further Information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
810 Sansome st., San Francisco. Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul July 19 St. Paul August 1«
New York.... 2! New York .... August 23
St. Louis August 9 1 St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE. .
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland July 19] Westernland ...Aug. 9
Xdrla July 26 1 Kensington ....Aug. 18
Southwark ..August 2!Noordland Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery ft., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. foe
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
'of sailing. , -iV -
' NIPPON MARU Saturday. July 3
AMERICA MARU Saturday, July M
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
®smflßmV4l s. S. Marlposa sails)
illlllE via Honolulu and
• **•"■" Auckland for Sydney
sa Wednesday. July 12.
QftfarnCnin^J The p. m. Australia
NfwnUvhinc' The S. S. Australia
G)!MIIDIII r ' c - • galls for Honolulu
(5P16312£}~" Wednesday, July !«,
.^^ vOiilEKHtfcr at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
Eneland etc. : $610 first class. M4Mont«o T?Z
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St freight Office. 327 Market St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
1 NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBUr.O.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG..
I Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
-1 AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HFR7-OG A CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
US Montgomery St., San Francisco.
; COXPABNIB GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQCE.
! DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS,
i Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. •<7JJ»-"ii!
j from Pier 42. North River, foot of ' ' "■■ "■ •
i Morton at. LA NORMANDIE. July 15; LA
BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GASCOGNK. July 29;
LA TOURAINE. August 5; LA CHAMPAGNE.
Au-ust 12 First-class to Havre. $65 and upward.
E t>er cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre. MS. 10 per cent reduction on
I round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
' UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZt
A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery
I aye.. San Francisco.
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
dßlly. returning from Stockton at « D. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamer*
leav« Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
*■" i-sagfogEf&v. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SOS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON.. Tuca.. Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m., 1:16. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Trl-
dara, 1 p. m. and 1:80: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
p m. Landing and offlc*. Mission street Dock,
i Pier No. I Telephone Main 1608.
j fARB... , «... WO. ::
910
SA\ FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEINESS OFFICE of the San FrancliW
Csll, corner of Market and Third streets, open
•Until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6I7 Montsrnmery treet.
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
R7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
<M 5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
K'4l Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
V- : ■'. P o'clock.
IM Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-Second and Ken
tucky FTre-etp; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
OVLTFORN*IA~Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. a
will meet THIS (TUESDAY 1 EVEN- «l
ING July 11. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. XJC
degree. By order of the H. P. /"V '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE L^>dge No. 80, F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TLES- AV^
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. D 2. }LJ\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. / ySr >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 186, F. and A. M., __
321 Eddy st., will meet THIS (TUEB-,Jj\^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 1 D. jKJT
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
•ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and a. m. _»
' F. C. Degree THIS (TUESDAY) __f\_
KING at 7:20 o'clock. 7%.X
A S. HUBBARD. Sec. *____*
OFFICERS and members of Ivy Chapter \jg
No. 27, O. E. S.. are requested to at- _*£&_,
, tend the funeral of our late sister. MA-nJ
TILDA J. LEX.AND, WEDNESDAY, ?
July 12. at 2:30 p. m.. at Golden Gate Hall.
129 Sutter st. By order
LYDIA A. STEELE, Worthy Matron.
T'XITY Encampment No. 26. I. O. O. F. •_ yn
Public Installation TO-NIGHT at S*^ 1
o'clock sharp- _r\.
JOHN MULLIN. C. P. <r V
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. ,*3««%/_>
F.— lnstallation THIS (.TUES- 4|gp\~3Si:
DAY) EVENING. l^^S^S="
JOHN DEAS, Noble Grand, -■Wjllvs-
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
GRAND CHANCELLOR H. R. Jjt
■ ARNDT will officially visit the XV»
lodges of San Francisco on • MON- <S&»
DAY EVENING NEXT, at 909 Mar- "*KSsJiJ
ket Etreet (Crystal Hall), and on TUESDAY i
EVENING will visit Roma Lodge No. 147.
and Jefferson Lodge No. 179. at Sl4 Ph. •'.!'...•
street. AH members of the order are cordi-
ally Invite I to attend.
H. SCHAFFNER, G. K. of R. & S.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing; of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joa*juin Valley Railway Company
■will be held at the office of the company, No. <
$21 Market St., San Francisco. Cal., on ]
TUESDAY, the 18th day of July. 1599. at th«
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a f
Board of Direct' to serve for the ensuing I
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
; ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant !
-, Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
■ girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1, 1899, to July 1. 1899:
Anita Lindner, 3 yrs.; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs
7 mo». ; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs. ; Annie A. Klang,
9 yrs. 11 mos. . Macarthe G. Klang, S yr». ; .
' Hazel Maguire. 7 yrs ; Emma L. I >-»d;n»,\ 0 ;
yrs. 4 mcs.; Myrtle Oeding. 2 yrs. 9 mos.; '
Kmily Seymour, 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Maggie Green,
. 34 yrs.; Stanley E. Williamson, 9 yrs.: Wil- ;
Ham Lindner, 4 yrs.; Victor Beck, 3 yrs. ;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos.: Harold M.
Ko?9 3 yrs.; Jan C. Cook. 4 yrs.: William !
M Hale, 12 yrs.; Bert S. Hale. 9 yrs. 7 rnos.
MARIA KIP Orphanage, 520 Lake st., S. F.,
hereby gives notice that the following or- j
phans and half orphan girls have been re-
ceived In the orphanage from April 1 to June
SO. 1»59: Lavina Chapman, 6 years; Alice
. Sweet, S years; Ellen Kempner, 1 year S i
"months; Ethel Hooper, 6 years: Nell Rose ;
Hindeman, 11 years 4 months: Eliza Buck I
11 years 3 months; Florence Irvine, 4 years; j
Irene Irvine, 8 years. |
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up; J
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St. [
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; I
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: te!. "3". |
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— and Loan So- j
ciety, 101 Montgomery st.. comer of Sutter. |
The board of directors declared a dividend j
for th» half year ending June SO. 1599, at the j
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredth?
<E H) per cert per annum on term deposits I
and three and twenty hundredth? (3.20) peri
cent per annum en ordinary deposits, free of j
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday. !
July 1, 1899. Dividends not called for are :
added to and bear the same rate of dlvi- j
dend es the principal from and after July 1,
1559. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 pnwull. r.r. Puttor: -..■ Black 1:^1.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FemaIe.
FIRST-CLASS Prenrh girl desires situation as
lady's maid or second girl; best ref-irenc-.-s.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. I
.GERMAN girl fr.«m the East wishes position
as c<>ok or second girl; references. MISS
CULI • 225 Sutler st
rSCHOOLTEACIIEH from the country wishes
place as companion or governess in private
family in city or a resort en roast; wages no |
' object. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1j» Geary at. >
A GERMAN ho'ise girl with 4 years' refer-
ences: good cook. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter
A SWEDISH green girl, strong and willing,
wishes phice to assist; $11 MRS. NORTON,
Jl3 ! •
GIRL wants rlat^e taking care children; good
seamstress; reforence. 530 Turk st.
COMPETENT and trustworthy girl desires po-
sition as cook in private family where a sec-
ond zirl is kept; ran furnish good refs. , $23
per mo. Ad. V. W. C. A., 125:1 O'Farrell st.
. WOMAN wishes to do housework in the city
■or country; will work lor email wages. 527
Howard st.
>VOMAN with a child wants a place to work;
• city or country. Call at 90 South Park.
GERMAN girl wishes position In bakery;
' wages no object. Box 4542, Call office.
[WANTED By a capable, refined woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Box
4840. Call office. j
.WANTED — Respectable American woman with
child ;") years old wishes situation as working I
• housekeeper or general houeework in sma.ll
- family: good plain cook: references; country
preferred; wages, $12 to $15. Address MRS
••■ BUR! Si i Rafael, Cal.
•GOOD washer wishes flannels, towels or plain
washing of any kind. Apply 179 Minna st.,
■ nr. Third.
.YOUNG Swedish girl wants a position a? gen-
eral housework; waxes $20; please call at 127
I'felfer street, Off Stockton, bet. Chestnut j
and Francisco.
HEFINED lady, good cook, wishes position as
housekeeper, traveling companion or camp
■ cook. Call Golden West Hotel, Ellis St.,
room 66, bet. 10 a. m. and 3 p. m.
MIDDLE-AGED person, capable and expert-
Kcnced, desires position in a good family for
light housework an i sewing or care of large
children; Bpeaka German; years of best ref-
erences; wages moderate; country preferred.
Box 4872, Call.
RESPECTABLE young girl lately from the
East with best references, wishes a position
as ladies' maid or second girl; wages $25 or
$20. Call or address 864 Isom st.
TOUNG lady wishes a situation as chamber-
maid- has been working at chamberworh for
10 years in this city. Please call or address i
737 Howard St., room 68.
YOUNG lady with ability wishes position in
office; experienced cashier: good references, j
Address box 4883, Call office^
"WANTED— Situation by Protestant woman, to j
do general housework; good plain cook and j
• washer. Call at 206 Fifth st. Q
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook and housekeeper. 136
Fifth St., near Howard.
REFINED woman desires situation In nice
family; neat housekeeper, cook or seamstress;
country' preferred. Address M. C, 10V4 Eighth.
COMPETENT dressmaker will work very rea-
sonable. 1004 Market St.. second floor.
- SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
60 cooking and some housework; country
' only. 34S Third Et.
AUTHORS MSS. and legal work carefully and i
accurately typewrlten by experienced busi-
" ness woman. Address 357 Jersey St.. near
Castro.
WIDOW with a boy 8 years old desires a
housekeeper's position in a widower fam- j
ily will take entire charge; best references.
Address MRS. A. P.. 812 Laguna st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and ironing
or housework. 1013 De Haro st.
EXPERIENCED North German nurse seeks
■position in an American family to take care of
grown children; age 30; best city reference.
Address E. C. S?9 Pine st.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard at., near Fill more; call 2 days.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
kef 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: *1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ___. ;:;..
EMPLOYMENT — Female.
WOMAN wants situation; housekeeper; city or
country; or take charge hotel. Box 4866, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houaeclean-
ing. washing or ironing; bandy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Mule.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 8211, 115 Stockton St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 1 * O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
GERMAN and wife want work on a private
place or take charge of a place; can give
gocO reference. H. J., St. George Hotel. 812
Kearny st.
WANTED— A position in wholesale house by
an honest, sober and industrious young man,
not afraid of work. Box 4820, Call Office.
MARRIED man who le willing to work wants
a position by the year as foreman on a fnr-n
or ranch; is capable of taking charge; refer-
ences given. Address GEO. E. RICE, Rio
Vista, Cal.
AN honest young man of good character wishes
to learn the hardware business; beet of ref-
erences furnished. Box 4519, Call.
POSITION ac collector; 10 years' experience;
reference and bonds. Address Collector, box
4823. Call.
BOY. IS, wants to learn dining-room work;
wages no object. Address box 4824. Call.
BAKER on cakes and bread wishes position;
experienced. Address £017 Bush St.
BARBER wants position in a first-class shop:
hours 12 till closing time. Address box 4517,
Call Office.
LADY and gentleman, both experlencedtrav-
eling salesmen, wish to carry side lines. Box
4816, Call Office.
WANTED — Window or house cleaning or other
work; have 8 hours every day to spare; city
reference. ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St., tele-
phone East 963.
PAINTER and paper hanger, first-class work-
man, with complete outfit, wants employ-
ment: day or Job: country preferred. C. A.,
3337 Eighteenth st.
FRANCO-SWISS cook wants employment;
moderate wages. Address Franco-Swiss, 725
Sansome st.
WANTED— position as working foreman in cir-
cular sawmill; Al reference. Box 4873, CalL
I WANTED— Position ac night watchman by
married man, agsd 48: references. A. WEIN-
GENT. 916 Howard Et.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, host-
ler or to do general work around place; city
or country; references. Box 4551. Call office.
POSITION wanted in Turkish bath sanitarium
or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing- to stand
examination. Address box 487». Call.
HELP WANTED — Female.
GERMAN cook, $SS. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
' A SECOND cook and waitress: $20 each; hotel,
A!ameda; see party here Monday morning.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week each; 10 waitresses and oh_mb.?rmalds.
city and country hotels, $20 and $25 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Belvedere. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to $16.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at. .
j C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. .PHONE GRANT ISS.
Waitresses. Southern California, $20; 2 wait-
resses. Santa Cruz. $20; 2 waitresses. Pacific
Grove, $20; waitresses, resorts near city, $20:
2 waitresses, springs, $20; waitresses for 20
' rent commercial houses. $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, country. $20, see party here,
fare paid; fancy ironers. $10 to $12 a week.
across the bay; fancy Ironers, Redding. $25 to
i $35 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Cook who understands German cooking, $25,
for small family; houseglrl, 2 in family, $20:
legirl, 2 in family, $18: second girl and
Btamstross, $20; second girl, $20, and many
. competent girls for cooking and housework,
1 city and country, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook for Lake Tahoe; $30 to $35 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HOUSEGIRL for cooking and housework for
small family at Cap! tola for the summer; $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear;. I
WOMAN to clean vegetables and wait on
help's halls; $2.".: springs; free fare both
ways. C. U. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl for care of
children- must be handy with needle; $30.
C. R. HA/iTBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN with a child to cook on ranch; $1".;
see party here. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 626 Clay St.
IRISH Catholice woman to cook in a small
institution near city; $20. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK. $30; second girl. $20: nur«egirl, $15;
housegirl, two in family, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 813 Putter st.
COOK, Oakland, $30, Fee party here 1 o'clock;
housegirl. Oakland. $25; Los Gatos, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN to cook for ten men, $25; wo-
man for Napa, $20; young girl to issist
with light second work. $10; waitress, $?t;
housegirl. Sausallto. $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A large number of waitresses for
resorts, hotels and restaurants fit ?o!ng
wages; also nurses, second girls, coks. ••'.c. ,
Of all nationalities. See J. F. CROS2S.TT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WE want girls for general housework, wait-
ing, nursegirls, second girls, laundresses,
cook for sanitarium. New Employment Of-
fice. 751 Market st. Phone black 3911.
TAILORESS on custom coats and make button-
holes; good wages. 140 Rusa st.
WANTED— Young girl to mind children; sleep
home; small wages. 1217 Webster st.
WANTED— girl for light housework;
must sleep at home. 720% Ivy aye.
WANTED— Neat girl to help in dining-room.
619 Sacramento st.
GERMAN girl for light housework and care
of children. 394 Hayes st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting;
city references. Apply 2211 Washington st.
to-day, between 10:30 and 11:30. and 2 and 3.
WANTED — First-class cook: must understand
German cooking; city references. Apply 2211
Washington St.. bet. 10:30 and 11:30 and 2 and
3 to-day.
WANTED— Good starch ironer*; $35 to $40
month. Box 4822, Call.
WANTED— A woman to do cooking and gen-
eral housework; wages $15 to $18; references
wanted. 2304 California St.
LADY for office and outdoor work; state age
I and wages. "Importer," box 4841, Call.
WANTED— woman to assist In
light housework. 2930 Octavia St.. corner
Greenwich.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis m., room 52.
WANTED— An old lady to take care of chil-
dren; good home; waives $5 mo. 1916 Stockton.
YOUNG German girl to assist In general house-
work and bakery. 3116 Sixteenth Bt., near
Valencia.
GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work; small family: references. 594 Fulton st.
RELIABLE girl for general housework, with
reference; must be good plain cook; willing to
go short distance from city for 3 months; $25.
2201 Broderick St., corner Washington.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom pants. 1039 Howard St.; steady work.
WANTED— A young girl to assist waiting at
table. 6SO Fourth St.
WANTED — A first-class pants finisher;
especially good buttonhole maker. 469'^
Minna st.
WOMAN or girl for housework; no washing;
small wages. 826 Webster St., Oakland.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing. 636 Baker st., near McAllister.
YOUNG lady barber wanted. 859 A Howard st.,
near Sixth.
APPLY • immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan st., b«twoen Third and
• Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
I =
WANTED — German girl or woman for general
housework In small family; no wash; easy
place and rood home. Call, after 8 a. m.,
105 Grove St. ;
WANTED— First-class talloress on custom
pants; steady work; good pay. 411V4 Kearny
Bt., top floor.
YOUNG girl for light housework; :mall family.
2504 Clay st.
GOOD reliable woman for general housework
and cooking. Call, bet. 1 and 3. 925 O'Farrell.
NEAT girl for general housework. Call at 2935
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Experienced girls to work la flg_f'
*tt© factory. Apply. 650 Laguna »v " V-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
HELP WANTED — Female.
OPERATORS^oiT waists and wrappers; good
Pay? steady work. NEW BAUER BROS., 18
First st. '
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 22' i Fremont st.; apply to Mr. Davis.
RELIABLE girl to help with housework; care
of children; good home; moderate wages, lit
Shrader Et.
HELP WANTED
NO MONEY WANTED. WE WILL PAY FARE
for everybody wanting to go to work for the
' IS great sawmills and wood syndicates; '5
men wanted for different positions, no ex-
perience required; you will suit; come and
see us; different work; different wages, from
$&0 $7.") $CO, $50, $40 $30 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FREE FREE .... FREE
To every railroad in California for drillers,
laborers, teamsters, etc., from $3 day. MLH-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
3 carpenters for a sawmill camp...... 53 day
3 carpenters for a ranch; We fare.. s.o2 and fd
3 carpenters Government work
Carpenters; city jobs $2 50 and $3 day
...HARNESS-MAKERS. BLACKSMITHS....
Harness-maker for a camp.... s2 day and fa
19 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers Tor
all classes of jobs; $2 60, $2 day. $50, $46, »35
and found.
Machinist, country 3 foremen, laborers
BUTCHERS • -•
7 butchers; different jobs; $80, $25 and found.
...FARMS!. .DAIRIES. ..FRUIT PICKING...
154 farm, orchard and vineyard hands lor an
parts of California S*V"*'\l
$35, $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
20 fruit pickers, Santa Clara C0unty............
$20 and found
29 mlikers, different J0b5.... 530, $25 and found
3 butter-makers, good, steady j0b....... .
....$3O and found
.\\\\\\\\7.'.CHbßEMEN and 80Y5............
26 choremen and boys for farms, etc, $30, $J>,
$25, $20, $15, $10 and found
:......... .HARVEST . .HAY FIELDS
129 men for above work \V.VV
$2 60. $2, $1 60 and $1 25 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TO MINES 12 MINES GOOD MINES
25 miners, different mines $2 50 day
IS4 laborers (no experience required), anybody
will suit, $60, $60, $40. $30 and found, $2 and
$2 40 day, steady jobs year round; also stable-
Men for etcei 'bridge and structural work
Men for 6teel bridge and structural work
Men and boys for factories and stores, city
iOhS . .' 'WORK 'in' SAN FRANCISCO, '
teamsters; laborers; help for manufacturing
company; driver milk wagon; also laborers,
board yourselves home, $2 and $1 75 day,
J26 and found •
134 laborers for all parts of CaJa.. $60
14 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 30, $60;
furnacemen engineers shoemakers
GOVERNMENT WORK
at once. 16 laborers. Government work;
SS4 men also wanted for places not adver-
tised, In California, Oregon, "Washington,
Arizona, from $5 to $2 day.
MURRAY &■ READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOK ETC BAKERS
42 cooks for different Jobs for all parts of
California, $50. $45. $40, $35, $30. $25 and found;
porters pantrymen laundry men
14 waiters, different jobs, $30, $25, $20 and
found; 27 dishwashers, etc., $25, $20, $15 and
found; 16 bakers, Ist, 2d. 3d hands, also as- J
sistants and boys to learn, $40, $35, $30, $25, |
$20, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
NO OFFICE FEE.
B0 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 to $2 50 ocr day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cooks and dishwasher for
small summer resort. $100; broiler. $30: second I
cook, $50; fry cook, $40; restaurant butcher,
$50; hotel butcher. $35; dishwasher, summer
resort. $25; night scrubber, $20; potwasher, ■
$20; for same springs; dishwashers, vegetable
men, potwashers and kitchen hands, $20 to
$25; head waiter, $30; waiter, $25, same coun- i
try hotel; waiter, boarding house, country, I
$30; restaurant confectioner. $60; butcher, $50;
restaurant cook, $75; steward and head I
v.alter, $45; dishwasher, mining camp, $30: i
night scrubber, springs, $20 and found; baker, ;
$35 and found; porter, $30 and found; barber
for a springs, $15 and found and what he
can make.
LAUNDRY HELP
Washer, $35, and 2 Ironers. $35. for Lake Ta-
hoe, free fare; marker and distributor, $30;
polisher, $30; polisher and starcher. $30;
ironer, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
6 COLORED waiters; different country hotels,
$25 and fare advanced. C. R. HANSUN a
CO.. 104 Geary st. j
6 CARPENTERS, country, $2 50 to $3 a day;
20 laborers, near city, $1 7". a day. board $4 50
a week: blacksmith, country, $2 a day and j
found; 10 farmers, different ranches, $20. $26, ;
$1 25 a day and $35 per month; gardener,
country, $30; milkers, choremen and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NO OFFICE FEE
FARE ADVANCED
WANTED
40 laboring men, no experience, for a con-
struction company. $2 a day: board $4 a week; 1
3 months' job; ship Wednesday; call and en- !
gage daily before then
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED — 12 laborers for mine, $2 nnd free'
.fare, go to-night; 5 miners, $2 50 day and $2
day and board: machinist for mine, $2 50 day;
10 teamsters, $2 day: boy lor store, $4 week;
laborers for cltyi $2 day: i> farmers, $1 26 day;
blacksmith's helper, $1 50 day; blacksmith, $2
day and board and $2 60 day; assistant nurs-
eryman, milker and care for hogs, .$25; driver ,
for milk wagon, $25 to $30, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.
WANTED — Boy to learn baking, $15 and found;
cook, small hotel, $80; boarding-house cook,
$30; bookkeeper, country, $30; waiter, coun- i
try hotel, $25; 2 waiters for resorts, $20 and
$25; night waiter, $9 week; elevator boy; hotel ;
butcher, $3.1; dishwashers and others. J. F. j
1 'SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— 2 men run reapers on ranch near
city; 3 furnacemen for quicksilver mine. $2 25
pel day; 10 men to make ties, posts and cut ;
wood, at good wages, tools, provisions and .
fare advanced, i*«e party here: 10 ranch :
teamsters and haying hands, $1 25 and $1 50 |
per day and board; 4 laborers for mine In j
Napa County. $2 per day; 10 milkers for good
steady jobs, $30: 2 setters for brickyard, $35;
laborers, $30, and others. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Coachman, $80; gardener, $30; chore-
man, $15; 3 cooks, small resorts. $30 and $40; I
2 colored waiters. $30; 2 hotel waiters. $25;
kitchenhand, hotel, $20; 3 dishwashers, $15 to
$30; potwasher, $20; ironers, washers and ap-
prentices for laundries, City and country; la- j
borers; errand boy, for store, $4 a week; bar-
keeper, $25 and found, etc., at ANDRE'S. 316
Stockton st.
KITCHEN man $20, dishwasher $20; waiter $25,
country hotels: waiter, springs, $25; bellboy,
city, $15. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery
Ft., room 12.
WE want to-day waiters, night cook, dishwash-
ers, teamsters, shovelers. drlllmen, shingle
sawyer, man and wife for sanitarium. New
Employment Office, 761 Market st. Phcne
black 3911.
BAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504, 506 Davis st.
BOY wanted. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 513
Montgomery st.
WANTED— A chief yeoman (clerk) for the flag-
ship Philadelphia; pay $60 a month and
board; none but expert typewriters need ap-
ply; bring references. U. S. Flagship Phila-
delphia, Navy-yard. Mare Island.
WANTED for the band of the Philadelphia,
four clarionet players, one snare drummer,
one bass drummer, one alto player. Apply
on board Philadelphia, Navy-yard, Mare
Island.
PENSIONS and claims against U. S. See
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building.
San Francisco.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.; free shaving in students' department.
WANTED— Bright boy for jewelry store; 9 a.
m., at 846 Market Bt.
PRESSMAN (cylinder) wanted for occasional
work. Address OCCASIONAL, Box 4821, Call.
FOUR good fraternal solicitors wanted at room
63, Flood building. Apply 12 to Ip. m.
WANTED— A first-class barber; single; with
good references; $35 per month and found.
Address C. WALSTAB, Wadsworth, New
PRESSER at the California Clothing Renova-
tory, 116 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. Call at M.
ROTHSCHILD'S. 354 Post st.
BARBER wanted; steady. U. C. Barber-shop,
I'trlteley, Cal.
COOK wanted; call Tuesday, 625 Davis st.
MRS. D. DOWD. -.
FIRST-CLASS porter wanted for barber shop
and bathrooms; $10 per week. 238 O'Farrell.
BARBER wanted; steady. 628 Clay St.; call at
8 o'clock.
PLUMBER and helper wanted. J. B. BUT-
TERWORTH, 1809 Polk Bt.
LUNCH waiter. Northeast corner of Howard
and Beale ats. '. ■
COOK and also dishwasher wanted at Oakland
Cafe, 5 East st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; none other need
apply. 1405 Polk st.
3 GOOD barbers wanted; steady positions. 797
Mission st. ■ -
WANTED— A young man who und.ex_U_idjß .
ranch, vosk*, .228 Pact Bt, roam i»- J _ J __ i __ y
HELP WANTED Male.
WANTED— Boy to drive a milk wagon. Apply
at 915 Hampshire st., bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— waiter for country hotel. In-
quire at 692 Grove St., forenoon.
APPRENTICE wanted at 391 Fifth st. at 7 a.
m. sharp.
WANTED— A good bodmaker; wages $15. 126
Fourth st. '--'•:;.
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk; must be strong
and know how to handle horses; references
required; also boy as assistant bookkeeper.
Call at 1532 Kentucky st.
BARBER shop in lively country town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— at 284 East st.
WANTED— cook, at 126 Seventh st.
FOR sale— Good 1-chalr barber shop; 3 living
rooms; cheap. 31 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
GOOD salesman wanted to sell a line of dry
goods, retail and country trade; fine side line;
big commission. CHESTNUT, PENN &
STREET. Manufacturers, 209-11-13 lonic St.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
j WANTED— Steady active man for a genuine
. business; can make fine wages; small capital
I required. Room 2, 917 Market st.
J TO go this week — pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from EOc to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d 6ts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
! SHOEMAKER wanted; steady work; good pay.
I S. J. GRAY, 115 80. Second St.. San Jose.
FOR sale— A first-class barber shop doing a
fine business in a city of 4000 population In
California; price less than cost of fixtures;
part cash or will sell on terms to suit buyer.
Address box 4868. Call office.
A SOLICITOR that has some knowledge of
mines. Apply room 23, Columbian building,
916 Market st.
BARBER wanted to reopen an old-established
j shop; fine opportunity. Box 4861, Call office.
j GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
I EOc. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
TEN ladies. 10 gentlemen canvassers for New
Life Stomach Tonic; grand inducement for
well-dressed conversationalists. 2 to 3 p. m.,
41 Hardy st.
I EXPERIENCED dishwasher at once. 315
I Grant aye.
1 MAN with some experience to drive laundry
wagon. Box 3024, Call office, Oakland.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
* Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
i ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day,
I week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
! duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work it
Sunof. .
WANTED — One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truekee.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Bonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 2Jc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — 15 men to find clean, central, cheap
rail, 25c. 50c night; hkpg., $1 25 up. SS 3d et.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 60 week. EJcho House, 863*4 Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter at. 1
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free i
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
AGENTS WANTED.
MURAT HALSTEAD'S Ufa of Admiral Dewey I
has arrived; agents wanted. THE J. DEW- j
ING CO., Flood building. j
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room 63.
Flood building Sunday, 3:30 to 4:30; Mon-
day. 12 to 1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PAINTERS' falls, ladders, etc., wanted. Ad-
dress 30SB Natoma st.
WANTED — To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand; must be fine. j
Box 1656. Call office.
" DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract- i
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and moat
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50i :
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years: crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, . r ' f X'; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. $3;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOS Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bld ., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; receiver 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 963 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st^
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EDUCATIONAL,
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, ■ typing, languages, English; 24
teachers: day and evening; catalogue free.
H I.D' S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post Bt.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening clauses. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S.F.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day A eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 938 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
flay & night: terms low. -1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing; j
day & night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. I
HOME In a French family with French and
musical instruction. 1910 Steiner st.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet. English and German, BOc lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons. $5 mo. ; top flat. 814, Hayes st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years" experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S. Bus-
Iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
ACCOUNTANTS.
£ K. B ALLARSri^rCarTt^r^eslf^ar audit»"&
-BAJusts accounts for cwyorationi * firms, ref, (
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $500: SALOONrabourso~feerfrom CaTTbuild-
Ing; rent $50;. doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
$400; SALOON, with S living rooms; estab-
lished many years and doing a rushing busi-
ness; located between packing and wholesale
houses. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s6so; MILLINERY store on Valencia st., do-
ing a splendid business: first-class cash cus-
tom; fine living rooms; rent $30; proprietress
to leave the city. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A $300— FLORIST'S store and green house in
Oakland; established 12 years; on main street;
well stocked; splendid paying business. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon; open
day and night; opposite Oakland ferries; es-
tablished years and doing a rushing business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— sSoO; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
In largest market In Oakland: rent $65; estab-
lished many years and splendid paying;
sickness of owner only causa of sale. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
BtE.; first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
cf sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
$S5O; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
flrst-claee paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket at.
$250— LAUNDRY route with good horse and
wagon; other business cause of Bale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
$110— CIGAR store; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
$250— PARTNER wanted In saloon requiring the
attention of 2 men; part cash If desired. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st.
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
Partner wanted for liquor store. Corner hotel,
Western Addition; bar trade alon« $20 daily.
HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
A LIST of fine paying grocery stores, branch
bakeries, restaurants, coffee parlors, merchan-
dise stores, city and country hotels, lodging
houses, sold and ex. EITEL. 1008% Market st.
SALOON on coiner near Market; centrally lo-
cated; must sell. COWING & CO., 995 Markt.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $25 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
CANDY store; fine location; doing good
business; parties going to Europe and will
make sacrifice. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
PAYING corner saloon; prominent location on
one of the principal streets; must sell; $500.
Call early. Pacific Coast Exchange, room 2,
1007% Market St., near 6th.
DRUG store In business center of Oak-
land; Invoice $3800; satisfactory reason. Ad-
dress DRUGS, care of Redington & Co.
OLD-ESTABLISHED fruit store doing fine
business for sale reasonable. Apply Call Of-
fice.
SALOON; business part of city: proprietor has
other business to attend to. 615 Washington.
GROCERY and bar; well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 320 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4891, Call.
FOR sale — Old established carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
1813 Unoln st.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 753% Market st.
BARGAIN— SaIoon, If sold to-day; fixtures
worth twice the money asked: part cash, bal-
ance $10 per month; make offer. 124 Fourth.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea, crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14
years: no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
foods business In thrifty condition: 50 miles
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. Box 4865, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
$750 — WELL doing commercial lunch and bar;
connected with restaurant; best location;
particulars In cigar store, 995 Market nr. 6th.
MILK route for sale; 22 cans per day; wagon
and 2 horses. Call branch office, 108 Eleventh.
$15— STORE, with use of fixtures: good for
dressmaker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
SALOON and 6-roorti lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account
• of sickness; cheap rent; 2 living rooms. 609 !
Seventh st.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; teL Main 1836.
SALOON with good business in good location.
Inquire 729 Montgomery St., room 9.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wieland
Brewery, Second and Folsom sts.
FOR SALE— With 5 years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San i
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. C A SWELL & CO/8., 415 Sacramento st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices, 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 60c, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor et., parlors 3-5.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance, 8 p. m. ; 2."c. 409 Leavenworth St.
JOHN SLATER— Private sittings 10 to 4. Resi-
dence, ISO 9 Stockton st., near Greenwich.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
! Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Clingman, from
New York: scientific palmistry, astrologlst;
readings. 50c and $1. 513 Tenth St., Oakland.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARD reading; ladles, 10c; gentlemen, 25c.
1113% Howard st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction gum-.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c ; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin st., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news Tor 6 cents — Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing-. $1 per Tear.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones: classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
YOUR fate is In your hand; children half price.
MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market St., room 29.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
LOST AND FOUND.
JAPANESE pug dog; white, spotted black;
hangs tongue to left side: answers to
"Patsy." Return 154 Russ; receive reward.
LOST— Saturday evening, bet. Green, Vallejo,
Stockton and Mason sts., purse, money, pa-
pers. Send puree and papers. A. HANNA,
1600 Mason st.
$25 REWARD for the return of diamond brace-
let. 718 Treat aye.
LOST — letters M. C. ; on New Montgom-
ery; containing Jewelry and money. Finder
will receive reward by returning to MRS. D.
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth. Oakland.
$20 REWARD for return of violin lost on Lar-
kin st. on June 28. Return to grocery corner
Jones and Turk sts.; no questions asked.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ANDRO JOHNSON or JANE JOHN-
SON, No. 137-452. The fluder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Certificate of Deposit No. 62,635 of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
dated 2d June, 1899. for $250, In favor of C.
F. Houghton. Payment of same has been
stopped and all persons are warned against
negotiating such certificate; reward. Box
4914. Call office.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYM.PUB,
,Agent. Of flea and. .factory, 21 Bpeai? c V
PERSONALS.
WANTED —To know the whereabouts of
FRANK EMMET LEY DEN, born in Nor-
wich, Chenanßo Co., N. V. ; worked at one
time for E. J. Baldwin. Address R. J. LEY-
DEN, 29 Court St., Norwich, Chenango Co..
N. Y. '
I AM not responsible foi \ any bill that my
wife, MRS. G. BADER, may contract after
this date. G. BADER.
LEDERER'S Quintonica makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp: 35c bot. ;
Foamo shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
THERE is only one LEDERER: his artistic,
up-to-date hairdressing costs only 25c; Leder-
er's Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.; switches. $1
up; longest hair roils, 30c. 123 Stockton st.
LIFE Insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
WHIST and poker club now organizing for
ladies and gentlemen; references exchanged.
Box 4SS2. Call.
$1 50—1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House, 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
LADIES— Big cut in prices; $6 Ypsilantl union
suits, $3; equestrian tights. 25c. OBER'S, 34
- Geary st. '___
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye. ;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
. ■
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin.sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A — Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
told; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Fclsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI, 313 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
387 GEARY St.— Dresses made, $5 up: dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter j
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and i
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A MAGNIFICENT 1550 piano, used short time, !
Is offered this week at a nominal figure; high j
grade. Room 12, Flood building.
I A BARGAIN — Stein way upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next to Hibernia
Bank.
BARGAIN— Schweehten upright;
grand tone; cheap for cash. 203^ Gough st.
OUR specialty Is renting pianos, organs. $1.
SCOTT, CURTAZ. 560 Hayes St.
AT $127; Stelnway upright left by party goinij
East. Is 6 Ellis st.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS — Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
R. A DANIELS is now With BYRON
MAUZTT. 30S to 312 Post st.
I A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. • ' -
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
j KNARE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
! SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per ypar.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11."! Market.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
JUST arrived — large horses and car-
load medium size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FOR sale A good young horse at 414 Natoma
street.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
I and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Market.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist, 605 Golden Gate.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Weekly Call.
If! pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
NEWFOUNDLAND, St. Bernard and Gordon
setters, also Scotch, fox, skye bull and bull
terrier pups, at 236 Montgomery aye., near
Broadway.
NEARLY new baby buggy cheap. Apply Tues-
day and Wednesday 1363 Webster St., corner
O'Farrell.
BARS, counters, showcases, sh' :ng, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 10b3 Mission at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1028 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
A 10-BORE genuine Parker Bros. B. L. shot-
gun for $20; cost originally $55. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
DAYTON computing scale revolving platform;
60-gallon oil tank. 801 Turk st.
MAN Victor bicycle in good condition for sale
for $15. 131 Buchanan st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; almost new; oak
finish; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer: 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
. selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant: 2d hand; complete: pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SAFES — All sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
blz»s: half original st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ATTORNEYS AT Law! ~~~
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James"©] MaT
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
. moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market st. tel. South 215. .
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
f ■——■——————■ — . —a
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, exchanged, rented: re.
: jpalrln*. at lowest rates % SOS Fourth 14 ,
REAL ESTATE CITY For Sal sl_^.
$3750-$6OO CASH, balance monthly; large cor-
ner on Dolores St.; new residence of . room*
and bath; cost owner $4500; must be sold.
$4750— 5500 CASH, balance monthly: reasonable
* interest- can have option of paying any sum
above amount agreed <»pon, as this Is not a
building and loan proposition . new residence
of 8 modern rooms and bath, electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat throughout: large lot.
grand view. Apply 232 Liberty St., near
Dolores. >.■ '" ■ . ■
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery -nt.
Valencia-st. lots; any size; $13j per front
foot: fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st.. corner San Jose aye, with
I^econd m and S 'silver sts; corner, with improve-
ment?, $6700. _
$600 CASH, balance on time: new corner 4-
rooms bay-window house, stable. 14<S9 i»noi-
well st. _ I
$1700— NEW house: brick foundation; 9 room«
and bath. SPECK, 667 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
REAL. — COUNTRY For Sale
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. 3. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. P. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st. .
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— unlncumbered
apricot orchard in the famous early fruit Den.
I>._ miles from Vacaville; trees Just in bearing
and all on Myrobolan root; splendid oppor-
tunity to secure profitable property at very
low figure, as owners are non-residents ana
desirous of concentrating their interests; price
$7500; one-tnird cash, balance on easy terms,
or will exchange for acceptable city property.
For full particulars address HORACfc. blfc.v-
ENS, Vacaville, Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
1 LOT wanted^The best lot that about $100 will
buy; in San Francisco or around bay. but
not over 45 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address box 4567, Call office. _^
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V. per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, nn. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell si.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third St.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL, 44. Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50 000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y»ar.
MONEY WANTED.
j WANTED $300— Will pay V,i per cent per
month interest; good security. Address Box
B. Call Branch office. 357 Hayes st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak. sore, inflamed, itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mail 50c. German Optical Institute, 1071% Mar-
ket. S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt. In every state.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12. 2to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used: cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— great progress in medical sci-
e nce for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $3: restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from -whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free; call or write. 1023 1 4 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well '
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home: no Instruments; consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $5. MRS AL-
LEN. 228 Van Ness aye. '
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure* $2 50-
-expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late'
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Call
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason st —
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
In trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
ELECTRO massage for sexual debility ner-
vousness and rheumatism. DR. A F KENT-
NISS. US Eddy st., will tend to your case.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st.; tel. Green 5!
' DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl«
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United States." postpaid, for $1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CA^^F TS ., cleaned> 3c per yard - H - L - JONES
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 150 l!
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st -
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor *
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleanlne Co
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 2.8; lowest rates!
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard- laid at v.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tell Jessie 944
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74
.8. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tei. Mint 346
t S^ b 3{! n * Works - m aoldw »HOUSES TO LET.
FOLSOM/, S7O-Houb<B ol 10 rooms: upper^ P«f «:
rent $20! UMBSEN & CO. 1 ." U Montgomery -at.
jToT r S^l^tTnr"n^l^7wUh7The <%£>■**
list you get from BALDWIN & huw_j._.
10 Montgomery st. I
HOUSED of, 8! rooms; ibath: newly papered and
painted; rent $30. 717 Lagunajt.
-
SILVER. 30—6 sunny rooms: <!__ , ,
SILVER, 30-3 large room's In) rear; B *6.
VERY fine hou=e in perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-flrsl st.. near Guerrero: '^"?|:
rent very reasonable; see It. E. G. DENNIS-
TON, 3464 Twenty-first ft. , .
VERY ttleasant house.*, ln perfect condition: 33SS
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero; ! rooms.'; rent
very reasonable; see It.
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
18-ROOM house on Fourth st, on $275; 8
rooms, new furniture, only $100 cash, balance
$5 per month. $200: IS rooms, near The Call
office JSOO- 15-room house on Howard st. $600
SS-roo— i; new; cost $4500 -...JISOO
J4 rooms on Geary st - — *&
2<3 rooms: corner house 860
14 rooms on 'arrell 5t..... _... 350
12 room house; large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only -■• 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
S4-rocm house: clears $300 — 1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp sth.
SI-ROOM- fine location; offer wanted: don't
fall to see this bargain. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
12 ROOMS; Post St.; $150 cash $375
IS rooms; $2".0 cash; Interest IU, per cent.. 650
2S rooms; cheap rent; only 500
MO.NKY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
A— l2-ROOM bouse: north of Market St.; rent
$40; clearing $50 per month. K. G. WIX.KIE.
SP6 Market st.
$550 — LODGING house: 16 rooms; departure
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
FAMILY boarding house; steady boarders ; __14
rooms, all occupied; bargain. Box A. C. 71,
Call office.
FOR sale — Nice sunny bouse, 9 rooms, fnr sale
cheap: south Market. Call for 1 week 73»
Natoma at. ; rent $20.
NEATLY furnished house, 10 rooms; reason-
able; owner going away; Pine St., near Pow-
ell. Box 1536. Call office. •
POLK, 15— For sale, cheap, furniture 17 rooms;
must be sold this week. ________«.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1717, near Steiner— Six rooms, bath and
stable; $18. ,
TO rent— Cottage. 3 rooms; rent $11. 1105 Leav-
enworth St.. near California.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 9 Priest Bt., oft
Washington, between Jones and Leavenworth. ,
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED fiat of three rooms to let; rent
$12. 370 Brannan at.
FLATS TO LET.
AT NW. corner Putter and Scott: rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated if seen: six rooms; glazes
porch; $25; water free; please Investigate.
BOWIE aye., 6— A flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family.
CORNER flat; sun In every room; 7 rooms and
bath nicely finished; 1406 Ellis et. Apply
MADISON _ BURKE.
FEW steps from City Hall; sunny top flat. I
rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; good order. : 1615
Clay st.
FLAT of 6. rooms and bath; rent $16. 39 Clara
street.
FRANKLIN, 711. near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
7-room flat and bath.
FULTON. 146— Go-)d lower flat. 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
HARRISON. 7(4, near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; $16.
HAVES. 333—4 rooms and bath; large yard;
rent $15; water free.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to gctod tenant. 1
MINNA. 436 — Large sunny furnished room, with
cookst'ove, $6; also sunny front room.
NEW flat, 5 ] ms, bath? yard, cellar and
stable; rent $18. 3S Sharon fit., between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth, Church and Sanchez.
NEW gunny flat of 4 rooms. 1522 Geary st.;
rent $20; references.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe Bts. :
lovely funny room flat; modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
OCTWIA 509—5 rooms and bath; water free;
rent $20.'
SCOTT, 2i;36, corner Sacramento — Elegant 7-
room'flat; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 454. corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheep. Apply -between 1 and 3.
SEYMOUR aye., is. oft Golden Gate, near
Scott— Handsome new sunny flat; C rooms
and bath; $25; in beautiful order.
THIRTEENTH, 425— Sunny upper ai-.d r.:lddle
flat; modern improvements.
TO LET— I-room flat. 2607% Sutter st. ; rent
low.
TWENTY-THIRD) 4073, near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat; modern; rent $15: water free.
4 ROOMS and bath: large cellar; large flower
garflen. 1213 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
C \STRO 429, rear— 2 private sunny unfurnish-
ed; large yard; stable optional; cheap.
EDDY. 917—2 nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; low rent to quiet, permanent
tenant; private residence; no children.
ELLIS 039, cornnr Larkln— Buy-window al-
cove, kitchen, _as stuve; also single bay-
wiri.Jow.
ELLIS. Front, sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; all newly furn-
ished; also unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH 309 New house, nicely furnished, bay-
window rooms, with kitchen complete, house-
keeping: also suite of 3 connecting rooms.
KILLMORE, 2208, near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath: nice yard and water.
. — — — ■ — —
GEARY, 6i.'2— 2 large sunny rooms, newly reno-
vated; nicely furnished for hkpg; ground floor.
GEARY, 731, rear— Five unfurnished sunny
rooms; yard.
GEARY 1917— Furnished and unfurnished flats;
4 roon.s, 2 baths, 2 toilets. - cellars; gas;
every convenience.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly fur.. 2 front,
with clones; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— 2 large sunny well fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
Btove; free telephone.
HARRISON. 415— Nicely furnished flat of 3
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 625—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. with sunny yard.
HOWARD, 628, bet. First and Second—
furnlfchc-d BUnny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD,' 719V4, nr. Third— frnshed rms.;
hot, cold, wat.; bath; private family; $9 mo.
HOWARD, 722— Large sunny front room fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $8.
JONES, 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$16; also double an.l tingle rooms, cheap.
LARKIN. Sunny furnished bedroom and
kitchen, yard. $9; single sunny furnished. $4.
MARKET 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed. $12; 3 unfurnished, $6.
MINNA. 111 -, near Second Furnished house-
keeping room, $1 25 per week.
MISSION. 663 Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping; cheap.
NATOMA, 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$& a month.
POWELL, 911, near Sacramento — 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $11: from 12 to 8.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California, between-
Stockton nd Powell— Large room and kitchen;
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; prl. Per.
6OUTH PARK. 159— Double and single rms..
for hkpg; front and sunny; frnsh. or unfrnsh.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
connecting housekpg rooms; complete; cheap.
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TWENTY- THIRD, 31618— 2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with bath and stationary
waahtubs.
WASHINGTON, 2907 — Upper floor. 3 large
rooms and bath; rent $16.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant I
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-cltss
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath; roome, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms., '
tfc to II day; &0c to. ft wk; also housekeeping .
■ -■ - ■■■ ■..■■■ . ■ - .: • ■ .■■-
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Tnfurn. I
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny i
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reap.; transient. |
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. _ offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 424, bet. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite; 4 or 5 gents; bath.
ERIE. 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Three convenient furnished housekeeping
rooms; garden.
FERN WELL. 34 Kearny. 47 Post— Sunny bath- ;
room suite; also single rooms; transient.
FIFTH, Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOURTH. 12SV4. nr. Mission— management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front nr.s. j
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable turn. j
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER. j
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu- i
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month, j
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and j
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator. |
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 £0 to $0 per week.
HAVES, 114—2 nice unfurnished rooms to let;
cheap. i
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Putter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths. •
HOWARD. 646. near 3d— New house. 30 rms. ; [
newly frn?hd: single, double; gas; $5 upward. i
HOWARD. 953V4 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms from ?1 per week up; excellent front
rooms. • | !
IVAKHOH. 1002 Polk. cor.Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up: ref. I
LOMBARD, 1021, nr. Hyde— B Rooms; yard; j
line view; $16. j
?_ARKET, 783% — Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week. j
j MINNA, E7IB-- Nice sunny rooms; rent $5 to $5
per month.
I MINNA, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay- ,
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. ''..',4. nr. Third— a Sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished ; $10 and $6 per month.
NATOMA, 252%. near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms; water and yard; rent $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 331— Well-furnished front rooms;
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
POWELL, 15, bet. Market and Ellis— Prettily
furn. rms.; single and en suite; new mangt.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
f/antly furnished single rooms; sunny.
F.OYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room?- per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths.
! SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R, HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. nr. Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single: gas, bath; also hkpg.
VAN NESS aye., 926— Furnished room for gen-
tleman; gas, bath, hot and cold water.
! YALE- 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnl'shed suites, $5 up; single, $1 50 up.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up: Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS, 1001 Sutter— New. beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r.. reas.: board optional.
LAS PALM AS, IS2O Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4: private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, 742— Large front room; running
water; home cooking: also single rms.. $20 up.
POST, 744— R00m and board; use of parlor and
piano: $36 and up.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
ROOMS with or without board at 232 Haight
Ft., near Buchanan; one. $20; two, $o5; grand
view; Haight St. cars pass door.
SUTTER. 112S — Lovely runny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady wishes room and board In pri-
vate family; reasonable; state price. Box
4SIS. Call.
DOAKDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like Infant or small child; good
home. M., Station D, Oakland.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board; good
home; piano; reasonable. 306 Bartlett st.
NEAT, refined young woman desires children
to board: best of references. Apply 531 Castro.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st : popular prices.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor St.
— 455 Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
$35— 559 Mission St., near Flftn. I
$20— Montgomery avenue,
$22 50—836 Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First St.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison ft., corner Langton.
$20— STORE NW. cor. Post and Baker sts..
with fixtures; complete for a grocery: 3 rooms
In the roar; a fine concrete cellar: water free.
——————
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 725 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office a.nd residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., July 8, 1899— Sealed proposals, in tri-
plicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a m.. August 8, 1899. and then opened, for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts in this department for
fiscal year ending June SO, 1900. Information
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts.
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at . " and addressed to undersigned. J. W.
JACOBS. C. Q. M.
•UNITED STATES Engineer's Office. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal.. July 8.
1839 Sealed proposals for dredging In Alvlso
Harbor, Cal., will be received here until 12
o'clock, noon. August 10, 1599. Information
furnished on application. W. H. HEI'ER,
Major. Engineers. __^^___^_^_
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS $50 upward; the loveliest spot on earth;
$2 50 cash $1 50 monthly; can let you have
one or more pieces 60x256 for $190; $10 cash
and $6 monthly: tropical Frultvale. adjoining
East Oakland; if you wish elevation, rolling
or level valley land, you can be suited here:
no cold winds nor fog here; superb soil: grand
view; about one mile nearer the local trains
than Walter Morosco of the Grand Opera
House, San Francisco, and lying in the level
valley not far from a fine school and near
a 90-foot boulevard and electric cars. Call
or send for circular*, 455 Seventh St., Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free. H. 2).
JONES. Owner. »
FRUIT , , .
660 acres of fine farming and grazing land,
5 miles from the City Hall of Oakland, ly-
ing between Oakland and San Leandro near
San Leandro Electric Road. Land all roll-
ing. Commands fine view, suitable for sub-
urban homes in subdivisions.
For further particulars inquire of
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth Btreet.
Oakland.
MONEY to loan on houses; will sell two nice
little cottages: installments; for amt. loaned
on them. J. D. BENNETT, 902 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 payee. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALES.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY FIRMSHKI) BOUSES.
FOR RENT— A nicely furnished house of 11
rooms, bath, etc.; rent $65; situated In upper
Dwlght way. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley station. , . . h
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
I^VOBTXST^SOTicE^TO HOMESEEKERS'.
These five houses on our list must be sold at
' a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1—11450 for a $2250 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 516.'0 for a $2500 horn*: 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. -$3000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home: 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
| avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements. •'
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market St.. S. F.. Kay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
JISO0 — Foreclosure; 3-story. 8 rooms and bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand-st. station; cost $8500.
$2200 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
| 52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
I cash. $20 per month.
; — New cottage. 6 rooms and bath: lot 42x
I 207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.: half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
i Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
I Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
i H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
A1.A.V1.0 ROOMS AND IIUAKU.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
; grounds; private MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Mh.
I =____==_____=__=-==-====-^^
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
i Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
j John Cunningham an 1 Mary Slone 29-24
Jeremiah Coughlan and Ellen Murphy 53-32
George W. Whlnery and Aileen Llghtner.. 32-23
i Jean J. F. Lagler and Josephine Lagler... 27-27
James F. Wilson and Louise B. Barnes... 26-19
: Har.s Heisel and Petrlne A. Huss 29-25
'■■ Edgar J. McCprmlck and Freida Meyer 28-28
Miguel Orradre and Marianne Etcheberry. 32-30
I William T. Heller and Minnie Dunn 44-41
'■ Bailey K. Leash and Grace T. Lewis 34-26
Charles A. Hottlnger and Nellie O'Donnell.26-21
~BIgTHS— MARRIAGES— JEATEST"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
' mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
. i in at either of the publication offices and be
i Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
i sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
' ' ALMY— In San Rafael, July 7, 3899. to the wife
; of Thomas B. Almy, a. daughter.
i DUANE— In this city, July 6. 1539, to the wife
of Timothy Duane. a daughter.
. IRWIN— In San Rafael, July 3, 1899. to the
wife of John Irwln, a daughter.
] MAGNIN— In this city, July 6, 1599. to the
wife of Joseph Magnln, a son.
RANSOME— In Gwinninie, Calaveras County,
I July 4. 189*. to the wife of E. Ernest Ran-
some, a son. '■ " •-•
MARRIED.
' DELAPLAINE— In Oakland. June 5.
■ j 1S!)9, by the Rev. Father McSweeney, Louis i
j Springer Delaplaine of Wheeling, West Vir-
' gin la, and Margaret E. Cronin of San Fran-
! circo.
' | ANDIFFRF.D— In Oakland. June 21.
ISB9, Sidney W. Floto and Emelie V. An-
dlffred.
NEWMAN— MARTIN— In this city. July 4. 1599.
by the Rev. F. V. Jones, George H. Newman
and Ina May Martin.
DIED.
Adams, Emily R. Kerrison, George E.
Bonneau de Lapot- Leland, Matilda J.
terle. Charles J. F. Litchfield, George F.
Brown, Josephine B. McQuade, Frank
Connelly, Francis Marshall. Mary F.
Cowie. John O'Byrne. Dr. John M.
Edmonds, Mary E. Olsen. Capt. Harry
, Flood, Rev. James Osterman, Llta H.
Foley, Mary Peterson, Carl L. >
Graham. Walter A. Rutherford, Elmo D.
I Grlnnell. John J. Sister Mary Xavler
Hammond, Emily L. Stewart, Charles
Hampton, Gertrude Williams, Mary J.
Kennedy, Mary A.
ADAMS— In this city. July 9. 1899, Emily R ,
: ' wife of A. P. Adams, mother of Miss M. E.
i Adams. Mrs. C. Llnd, Mrs. G. E. Kniepe. O.
B. and C. L. Adams, a native of St. John.
N. B.
. i C?" Funeral services will be held this day
t (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at her late residence,
1450 Masonic avenue, near Frederick street.
Interment private.
; BONNEAU DE LAPOTTERIE— In MelrOse,
July 9, 1899, Charles J. F. Bonneau de La-
terie, beloved father of Mrs. J. Romtr, a
! } native of Dusseldorf, Germany, aged 85 years.
BROWN— In this city, July 9, 1599, Josephine
■ 8., beloved wife of Joseph Brown, and
mother of M. J., E. J. and Nellie Brown,
Mrs. J. J. Doyle and Mrs. S. L. Braver-
man, a native of Ireland, aged CO years.
E-7"Frifcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 45 Shotwell street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'a Church, corner Eight-
eenth and Shotwell streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be held for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i CONNELLY— In this city, July 10, 1599, Fran-
cis, beloved husband of Rebecca Connelly,
end father of Joseph, John, J. B. and Jeffer-
son Connelly. Mrs. Sadie Knapp and Mrs.
W. L. Wedekind, a native of Ireland, aged
I 82 years and 12 days.
| COWIE— In this city, July 9, 1899. at the home
! of his son-in-law, Mr. E. G. Denniston, 3454
Twenty-first street, John Cowle, beloved hus-
band of Elizabeth Cowle and father of Wal-
lace M. Cowie, Mrs. E. G. Denniston and Mrs.
: J. D. Jessuji, a native of Scotland, aged 79
years 3 months and 29 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'oclock, from above address.
Interment private.
I EDMONDS— In this city, July 9, 1899, Mary
Elizabeth, widow of Marcus A. Edmonds,
and beloved mother of Annie C., Harry W.
M. and Frank W. Edmonds, a native of
Madison, Me.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
i residence, 913 Bush street. Interment private.
FLOOD— A solemn month's mind mass will be
! celebrated in Sacred Heart Church, to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, for the late
pastor, Rev. James Flood. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
• FOLEY— this city, July 9, IS?9. at her resi-
dence. 725' i Natoma street, Mary, beloved
wife of Patrick Foley, and mother of James
; P. and Katie Foley and Mrs. Frank Staples,
and a native of County Fermanagh, Ireland.
; Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at $:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 725 V» Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
: ■ rep -.-■ of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city. July 10. 1599, Walter
Albert, beloved husband of Marlon Graham,
[ a native of London, England, aged 49 years
'. 2 months and 11 days.
■ GRINNELL— In this city, July 8, ISM, John
Jay, beloved husband of Martha B. Grinnoll,
■ : and father of George Jay Grinnell, a resl-
i i dent of Red Bluff, Cal., a native of Lafay-
j ette, Ind., aged 44 years 6 months and v days.
ir_TFrlends and acquaintances and neigh-
bors of Woodcraft and members of the I. O.
O. V. are respectfully Invited to attend the
; funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock.
from I. O. O. F. Hall. Seventh and Market
wtiects. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 3:20 o'clock train from Third and Town-
l send streets. Remains at parlors of A. W.
Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
! I HAMMOND— In this city, entered into rest.
! I July 9, 1599, Emily Louise, dearly beloved
' j daughter of John and Mary Hammond, a na-
I tive of Boston. Mass.
, i cc~Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 9:45 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church,
corner Van Ness avenue and Clay street. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HAMPTON— In the City and County Hospital,
July 11, 1899, Gertrude Hampton, a native of
Mexico, aged 60 years.
' KENNEDY— In this city, July 10, 1899, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Paul Kennedy,- and be-
loved sister of Catharine Barucci of British
Columbia, a native of Victoria,. B. C, aged
3S years and C months. (Victoria, B. C, pa-
i pers please copy.)
; (T'T'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KERRISON— In this city. July 9, 1899, at his
i father's residence, 37 Vlcksburg street, George
E beloved son of Edmund P. Kerrison, a
native of California, aged 22 years and 4
I months.
tt_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LELAND— In Oakland, July 9, 1899, Matilda J.,
beloved wife of Captain H. D. Leland.
I mother of George F. Sampson and sister of
Albert F. and R. Frank Hadley, a native of
Maine, aged 64 years 1 month and 20 days.
(rjrFrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Ivy Chapter. O. E. S., are respect-
full}' invitod to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11:40 o'clock, from the
family residence, 2SO Ninth street, between
Alice and Harrison. Eastern Star services
at Golden Gate Commandery Hall, 629 Batter
street, at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. San Francisco. -J -\ ;:
LITCHFIELD— At Highland Springs, Cal., July
10 1899. George F.. beloved son of Joseph M.
and F. Lizzie Litchfle.ld. a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years and 10 months.
tr_T Funeral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
i dence, 1020 Page street. Interment private.
i McQUADE— In the City and County Hospital,
July 11, 1899. Frank McQuade, a native of
Ireland, aged 36 years.
MARSHALL— In this city. July 9. 1899, Mary |
F beloved wife of William A. Marshall,
and mother of Edward L. and Ethel L. Mar-
shall, a native of San Francisco, aged 43
years and 5 months.
tf7Frffnds and acquaintances are respect-
: t '
h_NRY _. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln ►ich'jol.
_ y«i«jp_eaa South SO* : ';;': / Y-*
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
. I". Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment private.
O'BYRNE— In Ocean View, July 10. ISM, T>r.
John Mortimer O'Byrne, beloved husband of
Kate O'Byrne, a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aired .'!& years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 310 Plymouth street, thence to Bt.
Michael's Church, Broad street, where a j.-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 •■
Interment Holy Cross Cemet'-ry.
OLSEN —At Larsen Bay, Alaska. Captain
Harry E. Olsen. late master "f Ikip Bt.
Nicholas, beloved husband of Louise Olsen.
and father of Mabel, Pearl and Liu's <~>lsen.
a native of Frederickstadt, Norway, aged 3*
years 4 months and "7 days.
(T7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
OSTERMAN- In this city, July 1", I<W, Lita
Hortense. beloved daughter of William and
Adele Osterman. sister of Bert OstermaJi,
an.l grandchild of Mr. and Mrs. A. Morris, a
native of San Jose, Cal., aged 4 years and
24 days.
[r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of Mr. A. Morris. 907 Ellis street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, San
Mateo County. ■ by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Tcwnsend streets.
PETERSON— In this city. July 9. IW9, Carl L.
Peterson, a native of Norway, aged 42 year=.
[T>rFriend3 and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
cf H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via electric funeral far from Eighth and
Harrison streets at 9:30 o'clock.
RCTHERFORD— In Puisun, Cal., July 9, 1593.
Elmo !>.. beloved son 'if David R. and Mnrian
Rutherford of Berkeley. Cal.. a native of
Suisun. Cal., aged 6 years 3 months and 7
days.
(T?Fri<»n.ls and acquaintances are respect-
ful I v Invited to attend the funeral this clay
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John's
• 'hurch. Fifteenth and Valencia streets. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BISTER MARY XAVIER— In Benicla. July 10,
1899, Sister Mary Xavier (known as Annie
Maria McCabe), beloved daughter of Edward
and Catherine McCabe. and sister of Peter
Ross, Andrew Francis, Edwarrl I>ennis. Eu-
gene, John. Lizzie, Alexander ami Alice Ag-
n.'s McCabe, a native of California, aged 34
years 10 months and 16 days.
E?"Friends hnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Cather-
ine's Convent. Benicia.
STEWART— In this city. July 10, 1599, Charles,
beloved husband of Margaret Louisa Stewart,
a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 6$ years.
(Ba< ramento r;'-I v ei"s please copy.)
jyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from his late residence. 2503 Gough
Interment strictly private.
WILLIAMS— In this city. July 9. 1599. Mary J..
belovf-d wife of John H. Williams, a native
of New Tork City, aged G3 years.
BTJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
esday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence, II 35 Noe street, near Twenty-fourth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric funeral car from Thirtieth street and San
Jose avenue.
RAILWAY COMMISSION.
Blackstock, Edson and Laumeister
Are Soon to Go to the Denver
Conference.
The Railroad Commission met yester
day. The matters considered were the re
plies received from the Valley road, the
California and Northwestern and the
The Transport Tartar, Chartered From the Canadian Pacific Railroad.
Santa Fe to communications that the
commission had previously addressed to
these roads, inquiring why they had not
adopted the new grain schedule that is
now in operation on the Southern Pacific.
As the replies showed that the old rates
in the district of the Valley road and
south of Tehachapi, the country tapped
by the Santa Fe, had not been changed
and as the California and Northwestern
is not a grain-carrying road and therefore
not affected by the new rate the replies
were merely read and placed on record,
as they called fur no action by the board.
A .communication from some meat com
panles acroM the bay, complaining of
transportation charges made by the
Southern Pacific, was answered by refer
rins the companies making the complaint
to the Southern Pacific, as the pattern
complained of did not come under the
jurisdiction of the commission.
In th.> early part of next month Com
missioners Blackstork, Kdson and Lau
meister will go East as far as Denver
to attend the annual convention of Rail
road Commissioners that is to be held
there While at the convention they will
endeavor to have next year's meeting held
in thi3 city.
MAGNOLIA'S ANNIVERSARY.
A Lodge of Workmen Has an Install
ation and Banquet.
Magnolia Lodge, A. O. U. W., celebrated
the anniversary of Its Institution last
night and there was an unusually large
attendance of members. It was also in
stallation night and the following were
obligated for the current term by Dis
trict Deputy J. A. Cunnlnghan. assisted
by Past Masters A. W. Tuggy, J. Mi
chaels, C. Brind and D. D. Kidd: J. Bow
man, past master workman; W. P. Ja
coby, master workman; George P. Wet
more, foreman; Simon Cohen, overseer;
(' T Spencor, recorder; H. Stern, finan
cier 8. Kragen, receiver; J. Powers, in
side' watchman; J. A. Alexander, outside
watchman; M. H. Mohrdick, trustee.
Aft»»r the installation there was an ad
journment to a restaurant on O'Farrell
street, where the membership and in
vited guests parto,,k of an excellent sup
per in celebration of the anniversary.
Among the guests were Past Supreme
Master "Workman W. A. Jordan. Past
Grand Master Bahrs, Grand Recorder
Frank S. Poland and Grand Receiver Sam
Booth Pa.st Master Bowman was master
of ceremonies and after the supper he
called on Messrs. Jordan, Poland, Booth.
Cunningham. Tuggy and others to re
spond to toasts, and each did his best to
make the evening an enjoyable one. The
affair was got up by Past Masters M.
II Muhrdick, S. Isaacs, J. A. Cunning
ham H. Stein and C. T. Spencer, who
were the committee on entertainment.
Jewish Democracy.
Ex-Congressmarr Janus G. Mafrulre last
evening addressed tho Monday night
lodges of the Independent Order of B'ne
B'rlth In joint session in Cosmopolitan
Hall in the B. B. building. These lodges
are: Columbia. Unity, Cremleux and
Montefiore. There was present a good
attendance of the membership of each.
The subject of his address was "Jewish
Democracy." _^
_■ m ■
Given away with each cath want adver
tisement ordered .in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten colors,' size 14x21 inches,
jMndx (ST. tf awing.
GOVERNOR OF
OREGON WILL
ARRIVE TO-DAY
Comes to Welcome
Oregon's Soldiers.
TRANSPORT TARTAR ARRIVES
UNDER CHARTER FROM THE
CANADIAN PACIFIC.
Two Men Who Went Egg Poaching
Have Been on the North Far
allon Rocks for Nearly
Six Weeks.
The steamer Tartar, chartered by the
Government from the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, arrived in port late Saturday
night. She will be fitted out for a trans
port at the Government wharf and will
sail for Manila about the 20th inst. with
a regiment of regulars.
The Tartar was formerly on the run
between Southampton. England, and the
("ape of Good Hope, but when the Klon
dike boom was at its height the Canadian
Pacific people bought her for the Van
couver-Stickeen route. "When the bottom
fell out of the boom the railroad was left
with the steamer on their hands and noth
ing for her to do. She was then put upon
the Vancouver - Yokohama - Hongkong
route as an extra boat in the Empress
line, and made a number" of trips. When
the news was made public that I'ncle
Sam was very much in need of transports
to carry regulars to Manila and volun
teers home the Canadian Pacific sent an
agent to San Francisco, and aftor some
dickering succeeded in chartering the
Tartar to the Government. She was at
once sent to Nanaimo, B. C, to coal and
came down here in three days.
The Government will dispatch two
transports this weok. The Connemaugh
will get away this afternoon or to-morrow
with a lot of supplies for the army and a
deckload of cavalry horses. She will be
hurried back, as mounts for the cavalry
are urgently needed In the Philippines.
The City of Para will get away next
Thursday. Nearly all her freight is now
aboard, and Thursday morning the sol
diers assigned to her will go aboard. The
coffee season is now nearly over, so the
Mail Company can spare the vessel and in
consequence she will probably remain in
the Government service until all the vol
unteers have been brought home.
The Government officials and the people
generally have been looking for the trans
ports Ohio and Newport since Friday last.
The two steamers have the Second Ore
gon boys aboard, and the crowds who
want to welcome the soldiers have been
making the lives of the people in the Chief
Wharfinger's office miserable. About
every rive minutes the telephone bell rings
and when Chief Wharfinger Henderson
or Assistant Chief Wharfinger Dryden an
swers it the question almost invariably is,
"Have the transports with the Oregon
soldiers aboard been sighted yet?"
The chances are that both the Ohio and
Newport put into Nagasaki for coal, and
as The Call said before it will in conse
quence be to-morrow before they get in.
On their last voyage from Manila via
Nagasaki to San Francisco the Ohio was
twenty-eight and the Newport twenty
mi days making the run. To-morrow
both vcchcls will be twenty-eight days
out from Manila and until then they will
not be fully due. Of course if they did
not stop at Nagasaki they may pop in
at any moment From now on.
The Governor of Oregon does not ex
pect them before to-day. He will arrive
from Portland this morning and will ta-Ke
up his quarters at the Occidental Hotel.
Major Wilson, who recruited the regiment
In Oregon, is also here and he will go out
to meet the transports on the tug Gov
ernor lrwin with the Governor of Oregon,
Governor Gage and Mayor Phelan.
Everybody will know when the trans
ports are sighted, as the siren on tho
Eureka Planing Mills will blow for live
minutes without stopping. Again, when
the steamers are passing in through the
heads, the siren will take up her refrain
and will keep It up until the transports
have come to an anchor. The party on
the Governor lrwin ■will then board tha
vessel that carries the headquarters of |
the regiment and welcome the boys back
In the names of Oregon and California.
The colliers Washtenaw and Progreso
had an interesting race down the coast. j
They left Puget Sound together and there |
was never more than a mile between them •
all the way down until the lightship was |
reached, when the Washtenaw made a j
spurt and beat the Progreso into port by !
about four miles. The Washtenaw came
from Tacoma and the Progreso from ;
Seattle. . , j
Wheat and barley are on the move and
in consequence several vessels have se- <
cured good charters. The Cypromene was ;
taken yesterday at 35s to load barley and
the Kenilworth and Ross-shire at 32s t:d .
to load wheat for England. The Hecla !
has been chartered' to load lumber on
Puget Sound for Australia.
H. Wood, an old man who keeps a cloth
ing store at 609 Clay street, was found al- !
most dead in bed from gas asphyxiation !
yesterday morning. He was hurried to
the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Thomp- ;
son worked over him for quite a while :
and finally brought him back to life ;
again. The old man's sons pay it was
an attempt at sufcide, but the police seem
to think it was an accident. There have
been three deaths in the family of late !
and the old man has been very despond- j
ent. He was removed to the Lane Hos
pital during the afternoon.
About six weeks ago two men went out
to the North Farallon rocks (about eight
miles from the Farallon light) to poach :
sea fowl eggs. They landed on the rock
all right, but although two attempts have
since been made to take them off both j
have failed on account of the very rough •
weather. The men had enough provisions
to last them for some time and the eggs
would keep them from starving, but the
question is how could they exist without
water? Their supply must have given out
long ago and the chances are that they j
may have perished from thirst.
No one seems to know their names. I
They were both Telegraph Hill boy» and. I
went out on the sloop Clara, Last week
the boat manned by Bob Spear and -Jack
Healy went out to the rock, but could
not get near enough to even hail the men.
It came on to blow and the men had to
run back to port. Another expedition
started out last night, and it is thought
that if th* men are still alive they will
be taken off and cared for.
PREPARING FOR APPEAL.
Pro Forma Judgment Sustaining the
Charter Entered by Judge
Seawell.
A pro forma judgment in favor of the
defendants in the action brought by Mar
tin Fragley against the Board of Election
Commissioners to test the validity of the ;
new charter was entered by Judge Sea- j
well yesterday morning. The judgmnt
waa entered upon an agreed statement of j
facts in order that a decision of the s>u- >
preme Court upon the issues involved ]
m Were b w« .ome e argument preceding the ''
entering of judgment an the facts whteb
were to be included in the bill of excep
tions to the judgment, but finally it v-a*
agreed to enter all the facts which will
hereafter be found by the court *or the
purpose of the appeal. During tho heai
ing yesterday Deputy Registrar Rickarl
was put upon the stand to prove the U
uw)n which the proclamation for the
charter and the election of the Instru
ment were held. This over the agreement
stated was reached, and as soon as the
facts have been found the case will De
carried to the Supreme Court for de
cision.
Favors the Fire Department.
The Mission Business Men's Associa- ,
tion at a meeting held last night at Turn
Vereln Hall on Eighteenth street adopted
the following resolution regarding the
dollar limit and the Fire Department:
"Resolved, That the Mission Business j
Men's Association at a meeting held on
July 10, while appreciating the action of
the Supervisors in their desire to live up
to the ple-dge of keeping the taxes down ;
to the dollar limit, yet this association
deprecates what it terms a false economy ■
Of restricting the utility of the F'reDe
partment by shaving the appropriation to
*uch an extent as would cause with
drawal of several companies now in tlis
service; therefore be it
"Resolved, That we appeal to the 5U- i
pervlsora to make such an appropriation
as will permit the retention of all the
companies now In the department. rn<s
dissolution of any of the companies would ;
In the opinion of this association leave
the outside districts without ampl» pro- |
tection against fire and be the meeans of
subjecting property owners to double in- j
Burance rates."
The Grand Chancellor.
H H. Arn<lt. grand chancellor of the j
Knights of Pythias, paid an official visit ;
last night to all the local lodges except
Roma and Jefferson lodges, which he will ,
visit to-morrow night. The lodges: Cali
fornia No. 1, Laurel No. 4 Metropolitan
No 24, Damon No. 2, Myrtle No. X,
South San Francisco No. 45. Ivy No. t-
Sequoia No. 188, Mars No. 202 Iyanhoe
No 5. Alemania No. 8. Harmonie_ No. 13.
Syracuse No. 58. Bay City No. 11 i, t-nity
No 61, Golden Gate No. 3, Eureka No. 4,
Goiden City No. 63 and Fairmount No.
10S, filled the largest hall In Pythian
Castle on Market street,- and when the
highest officer of the order, accompanied
by other grand officers, put in an ap
pearance he and they were received with
the honors due their station. At the
meeting: there was a presentation of thr
condition of the several lodge!* and then
a number of interesting: addresses by tho
visiting officials for the good of the order.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE j
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5.30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
j OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
I NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
CommenclnK Anril 23, 1899.
! FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
; WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
I •1:45. 3:20. 4:00, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "B:OO. '9:00, •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. : 1:00. '1:45. *2:30. *4:00.*5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a- m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
i 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, *6:40.'7:55, 8:40, *10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
° and Saturdays, nt 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00, •8:00, »9:45. »10:45. 11:45
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, '3:30. »5:15, »6:00, 7:00, 10:15
■p. m. '■'",:■ - --V '
: Trains market (•) run to San Quentin.
i FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:45. 6:50. 7:55. 8:56. 10:35
a. in.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaj-s
! and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
■ 1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 6:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
' 7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way eta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays except cd)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way rta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1599.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
• day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Sam* Even-
Ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
i SUNDAYS. 8. J. 19 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
I -THGS COOK. & SON* Asia.. (21 Market it. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEAOAOHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill,. Small Dose.
Small Price*
RAILROAD TRAVEL. •
NOIITIIIvKX PACIFIC lOJIP4JIT.
(pacific SVSIKM.)
Trains !*>»»«» i»it«l »■•«■ »!««» lo nrrl»e »•
MAX FBtA.\t:i.««< «».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LBavh — Frosc June 25, 1893. — army*
7:OOa Benicia, Suisuu sud Sacramento — 3:45*
7:OUa Marysrlllo. OroilUeMiil Redding via
"Woodland 5 ! 1?
7:00 a Elroira. Vacaville and Itiiuiser »:-lor
7:UUa Martinez. San Itiimon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calißtcga and Santa ROM flil.Tp
B>OOa Atlantic KiprpFS, (>gdeu and Bm*.. O:1!»A
tiiaOASaii .lose, LiTertnore, .Stockton,
lone, Hacrotnento, riaoervUle,
MarysTillc. Chic.i. Uoil Illult 4:1»P
»i3oa *Milton, Oakdale and Socora 4:15p
*:30a Voscmite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese f :I ? F
0:OOa Haynrards,' Nilra and Way Station*. 1 •:*<»*
B:«Oa Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced a Fresno I*:l3p
0:O«a Fresno, llal;craU«l<l, Santa lUrlmm,
Lob Argeles, LVming, Xl r»so.
New Orleans and East 6:13f
IO:OOa Vall< Jo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7: t^f
1 1 :OOa Hayvrards, Niles and Way Stations. l*r
l'<i:OOx Niles, Lirermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota, lianford. Visalia,
rorttTTlUe 4il»»
•l:OOi» Sacramento RtT«r Steamers *«iOOp
8:00r Hayivardii. Niks and Way Stations. »:4."»»
4sll«r Martinez, San lUinon. Vail jo.
i Nun*, C'alistoga. Santa Itosa O«l»*
4:<Mc)p Benicia, Vaoavlllo, .Saericicii^iitcv
Woodland. Knights Liiiidiuf.
MarysvlUe. Orovillp . «0:4(»»
4tS«p Nilen, San Jom aud .Stockton ....... 7:15*
4:30p Yobemite Sleeping Car for Ilaymotid 12:15f
SiOOpXho Owl. Tracy, fttmaa, Bakurs-
! . fluid. Saugus for Santo Barbara.
. Los Angdes. »="v
' 9:30r Stockto'-i. Merced, Fresno 12:13*
SiUOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fn-sno.
Mnjave and l.os Angeles »«4!J»
OiSUp Hnnta l'o Koute. Atliuillo Kxpress
forMnjave and Kast 0:43»
•■•Op Cfaioaso-Sau FranciscoSpeciftl,<>fideii
and Hast ». BI F
• :OOp Haywards. Nile* and San Josa 7:45*
•6:»0p Vaflejo 18:1»»
?:00i/ Oregon KjHNNMa.Haeramattko, Marys-
vii!-. i:...1,11np. I'ortlaiKl. I'ugrt
Bound and Kaat 7:4!»A
fStOOp Vallejo. Port Costa ana Way Bta-
• _J tlons tlO:^Or
COAST VISION (NarroiT thMfp).
(Foot of Market Street.) __
}7<4Sa Santa Cruz Excursion fur Santa
Cruz and Principal Wsy Stations J8«O3»
■:I3ANewark,C'Piit<rviil,',S»u.)...^, Ft! ton.
Boulder Crtek.SaataOruz and Way
Stations 5.30»
*2il3p Newark, Centervllie, San Joso, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and I'rinclpal Way
• Stations MO:»O»
4:15p San Jose. Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:80*
Mi 15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way iSta-
tiops /9-.20*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
j fram SIN FailiCiaO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
i *7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 •2:03 13:00
I •4:00 t5:00 ♦C:O3r.M.
| rr»aO4lUllD— fool or Bror.dway.— "o:oo 8:00 10:O0a.M.
tl2:00 «l:00 t2:00 '3:C3 tt:CO -B:OQr.U.
COAST DIVISION (Rroa<lfl»ug«).
(Third and Townscnd Sts.)
•BilOa Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. *6:30p
•7:OOa Kan Joso and Wny Stations (New
Alinad>-ii Wednesdays only) «S:OO*
}7:80 a Sunday I'xcursiou for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Principal Way
BUtions t»:33»
•>••« San .lose. Trca rinos. Santa Cruz.
Pacilic Orove. I'aso Roblea, .San
Luis Olilspo, Surf, Lompoc ami
Principal Way Stations 4:IOp
lOiIOa Sau.logB»iid Way Stations «:;«a
. 11i3Oa San Jtiso and Way .Stations l>3op
■ai43pSan Mateo, Kednood, Meulo Park,
PiiTo Alto. Santa Clara.. Bail .line,
Hollister, .Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and I'aelßa Grove «10:36*
•ti3Op San Joku. Santa Cruz, Padfle Gro»e
and Principal Way SUUuiia # 7:30p
•4:15p San Josoand Principal Way .Stations 1>: I-V\
•3:00p San Josoand Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
s:3opSan.To3ean«lPrincipßl Way Stations "9:00*
«:itOp San Joso ami V.'ny Htafious 5:. X»p
I t11;4.»p Bau Jose an.! Way Stations t7iaop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday etcepreit. t Sunday only. t Satnn lay only.
fc&atuxday »ml Sucdkv /tilUaday aiid iloudaj
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
i LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.. ,
WEEK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 15:33,:
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trii>
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:6*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:3*.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, »:20, 11:10 a.. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05.
j 6:25 p. m.
; Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
game schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
■ Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
! ■ 1 April 16. L, -.
Week Sun- 1599. I P- n- Week
Days. ) days. Destination. J jays. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am; S:4O am,
I 8:30 pm 9:34 am Petaluma, | 6:05 pm 10:25 am
i 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. j 7:33 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:33 tun Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdbburgr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
| 1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
1 T:2O am ' Hop land and 10:25 an
| 2:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah,. 7:85 pm 6:20 pnx
! 7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
; 1:30 pm 6:20 pm
| 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O ara
and
; 1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:03 pm 6:20 pra
! 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. .10:40 am -10: an
1 8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:88 pm 6:20 pru
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
: Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
' for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for £k&j?gs
: Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
, land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
i Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Laks-
| port and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
j Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
! Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
: Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle,
' Booneville, Fhllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr*» Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
1 Westport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
! minute. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
| Scotia and Eureka. /
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at/
i reduced rates. /
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
; beyond San Rafael at half rates. I
Ticket Offices, C5O Market St., Chronicle bldi :
! H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN'/ /
t General Manager. Gen. Pass. Asef j
| THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQf
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. /
| From Jan. 2&, 1899, trains will run as foil!
j South-bound. North-bouj
Pacsen- I Mixed. Mixed. PaW
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday a
. Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd D|
7:20 am 10:30 am. Stockton 3:43 pm 6:j
1:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm if
i 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 ami 2*
11:38 am 7:45 pm Han.' rd 7:45 am If
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:00 am 111
11:5» am 6:23 pm. Vlsalla 6:40 am It
! 12:15 pm 6:53 pm| Tulare 6:50 am! »
" Stopping at Intermediate points aa reqJ
For particulars of stage and other conri
| Inquire at Traffic Manager* Office, SHI
1 tHrtet, ** 9 Francisco -I
1112
SKIPPED WITH
THE MONEY OF
HIS PARTNERS
J. E. Kennedy Carries
Away Bags of Gold.
FIVE THOUSAND DOLLAR HAUL
M. C. WELLS AND T. F. MABDI
GAN ABE THE SUFFERERS.
Collected Money on Contracts, Cashed
Checks and Fooled His Partners
Generally While They
Trusted Him.
J. K. Kennedy of the firm of Kennedy, i
gan & Wells, contra. -tors and
ut of town on Saturday i
. g laat with $5000 >>!" the firm's funds, j
■ en rpute I
Kin' ft came easy to him. He
: and outside man of the
..-.•■ banking oper
of the business as well as eollect
due on contracts. The
. . .! ;• \\ , y With him '
t payment of a grading con- ;
on Dr. MacLean'a fifty vara lot, |
Broadway and Devisadero. !
weeks ago Kennedy collected a
check from Dr. Mac Lean tor $1250. He
liately and deposited JSOO
Bank of California, the banking 1
bouse which attends to the business of th« i
firm, lie had tho power I draw
or act in any way for the firm wi!
the signatures of the other two partners. ,
uf this deposit he held out $350. On Friday, i
June 30 K< ollected $6w on con
tracts, deposited It in the firm bank and
on the following day drew it out of bank. ;
His biggest haul and tho oiic which lias
wrecked the business of bis partners w;ia
the appropriation of $3000 which he cul
lee ted ltLsi Saturday. This was another
from Dr. Ma.cL.onn. which was im
mediately cashed. Altogether Kennedy
has taken unto himself at least *•■■") of
. to the partnership.
The. partners say that the misappropri
ation was easy ■■■ they trusted im
plidtly in the I i I Kennedy. He
■was D«rmltted to draw or cash checks,
sign or'dera or drafts and handled exclu
sively aJI collections. The firm of Ken
nedy, Maddigan & Wells will in all prob
ability be discontinued. The aggregate
- "i, while the entire
plant is worth at least $1000 less. Maddi
gan said last night that he would not I
carry on the business now, although the
creditoi I firm wished him to do so.
Kennedy o .yes Muddigou a personal debt:
Of J".". 1 -"-'.
Tl c escape) was made fn broad dny and
Kenni I the part of an express
man, on Safiurday afternoon he hired -in
express wagon from the Mascot stables, :
I cs In it and drove the rig \
to the ferry. iHe employed a messenger
boy to return \the wagon. According to i
Maddigan the firm is not the only sufferer :
by the sudden disappearance of his part
i er. The butcrfer, baker, coal man and ;
even the Ice man aro walling his depart- ;
ure Kenn< dy ti ojk his family, a wife and
children, with him.
MANNING'S FATAL, WORK.
Lamp Thrower Causes the Death of i
Mrs. Mary Kennedy.
Mr?. Mary Kennedy, who was injured
!•>" a lamp thrown by young Cornelius j
Manning on the evening of the Fourth of
. a her lmni.-. 733 Hayes street,
shortly after 6 o'clock last evening from
ITects of a severe burning.
of the Fourth Mrs. Ken
: mpanied by her husband and
visited Mrs. Manning at her
home on the corner of Jones and Green
wich stre< is. The evening's pleasure was
■ pted by the appearance of young
Manning, who came home with a friend
■ ■ . : ■ ■ They had been in the [
but a short time whjen they quar
to maintain p< n re- I
I Mrs. Manning
spoke some word of slight reproof to her
son, calling his to the disgrace
ful manner In which h.j had treated his
a fierce im- |
after which S~- seized a small!
lamp "■ Igniting
■.mi. 'ins of little Maude Kennedy, a,
: ■ unfortui in, and se
• ■ atisfied with
the t - devilish work, he
grabb( d ai p which he hurled at j
ither.
Mrs. Kennedy, anticipating his move
ment. Bprang forward to save the woman.
She w.is struck by the lamp and became
which were extin
guished I ■ h< :■ I usbar.d. Manning, seeing
a rought, took to his
I early on the j
morning of July 5. He has (since been de
tained bj ' awaiting the outcome
of Mrs. Kennedy's injuries. Last night
v. as reported he was
formally charged with murder. He re
f::s<ii to talk, but appeared very nervous
t: . ted.
Boysen's Death.
i from natural causes
■wris lay by a Coroner's
jury in the • ise of A. C. A. Boysen, the
grocer wh denly on July 7 In his
store ' of Twenty-ninth and
Sanch . -
11. P. Umbsen, real estate agent, told
how . ited guardian of
J3oys< ' : 'i become de
: able to ■
■• before the death of
• •;, Mr. Umbsen had been furnished
with a polii ' c B lysen to the
insanity ward of the City Receiving Hos
wait examination as to his
Fanitv Alcoholism was the remote cause
of death.
McFarland Is Charg-ed.
Frank McFarland, who has been de
tained in ' i Prison since his at
tack upon Lewis Kirschbaum ;it the
P, rar . .• Jail, wsis yesterday
: . ■ har* ' assault to mur-
His bond? were fixed at $2000.
Kirschbau life was despaired of
f.jr some time, is now out of danger, but
hysicians at the German Hospital
my thai h< will not be able to appear
In court to testify for two or throe week;
CWoaware
If it's
Up-to-Date Chinaware
you want —
Try
Qreat American Importisc Tea Go's
Have 100 Stores —
Xliat'B Wlix
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES
£61 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth st. 70S Larkin St
2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Dcvisadero St.
14H Ninth St. 521 Montgomery ay.
355 Hayes St. 218 Third st.
2732 24th St- 3285 Mission St.
'-•008 Fillmore St. 506 Kearny St.
52 Market Street Headquarters.
OAKLAND STORES:
los3WnshinstonSt. 1185 23d Aye.
1289 Broadway. 616 K. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
6 AN KAFAEL— B St.. near fourth.
CHILD TELLS THE STORY
OF HER FATHER'S MURDER
jPreliminary Examina
tion of Mrs. Kopp in
Conlan's Court.
THE story of the killintr of Charles
Kopp by his wife, Mrs. I/miisa
Kopp. nn the IMh of Jupe was told
In detail yesterday afternoon in
* Judge Conlan's court. Mrs. Kopp, pale
I and haggard-looking, dressed in black
* and wrapped in the folds of a long
!•" sealskin sarque. sat beside her attor
i" ney, ex-Judge Robert Ferral. A hack
r Ing couph told the secret of her ill
C health and shrunken frame. Phe was
•• too overcome by prief to pay attention
!• to the testimony offered for and
|" against her, and it was not until Mrs.
* Bertha Monti took the stand that the
accused ceased her violent sobbing and
£ listened with dry eyes to the testimony
|« of the woman whom her liusband pre
- ferrpd and who is supposed to have
* tif-en the direct cause of thi> Kopp fam
, ily trouble?.
TYif> testimony of Amanda Kopp. the
* 13-year-old daughter of the murdered
man and the woman who t^ok his life,
was convincing, more from the manner
in which the child gave it than for the
mere matter it conveyed. Little Aman
da never hesitated for a word. She
h:\>\ her facts well in hand, and her
tone more than her words showed the
sympathy she had for her sick mother
and the contempt she felt for the mur
dered father. T-ike one weighted with
she dwelt upon the lark of re
snect her dead father showed her
tnother, and told how Kopp had trans
ferred his affections to Mrs. Bertha
M When the little witness referred to
"Mrs. Bertha Monti" her eyes flashed
and her quivering nostrils dilated: oth
erwise she was calm and collected dur
ing the recital. But little questioning
was necessary to bring out all the
child knew of the facts previous to and
concerning the killing. .„„,_„ nf
She told how. on the evening of
Time IS she. and her mother had gone
to I restaurant on Taylor street for
dinner, and how they had met there
her father in company with Mrs. iier-
went to the counter to
nay mamma went up to speaK to
Elm'," she said. "I did not hear what
WINTERS MUST HANG,
SUPREME COURT SAYS
GUILTY OF THE MURDER OF AN- i
DREWS AT BADEN.
His Hope Had Been xhat the Supe
rior Court Had Erred—Re
view of the Crime.
The Supreme Court has decided by the
close margin of four to three that Harry
Winters must hang for the murder of
Charles A. Andrews.
on November LT, 1897, C. H. Raymond
and Winters entered the Grand Hotel at
Baden, a village south of this city, with
burglarious intent, and were interrupted
in their work by Andrews, a boarder;
both robbers fired at Andrews; several I
shots took effect, and Andrews died with- j
in an hour. Raymond was arrested the
same night, was found guilty of man
slaughter, and was sentenced to impris
onment for life at Folsom. Winters wa3
arrested Borne time afterward; a Jury
I him guilty of murder in the Bret
degree, and he whs sentenced to he
hanged. The trial proved that it was
Winters' bullets that killed Andrews,
h-'iioo the lighter sentence of Raymond.
Winters was* taken to Folsom to be exe
cuted but his attorneys secured a wilt
robable cause from the Supreme
I Court, pending appeal, which stayed the
tJ The defendant claimed that the court
! erred in its instructions for the prosecu
tion, in that tb/jy were injurious to the de
fense and that the refusal ol the court
to admit an Instruction asked for by the
■ '.nit relative to th( law oi alibi, the
defense of Winters, was highly prejudi-
C1 justice Garoutte wrote the prevailing
opinion of the court, hoi, imp: that no error
had been committed by the court. Thi3
i was concurred in by Justices Harrison,
1 McFarland and Van Dyke. This decision
i upholds the lower court in refusing to
1 admit the instruction of the defendant rel-
I ative to his claim of alibi, in that the
word "reasonable" did not precede the
! word "doubt." Jii^i*''' Henshaw differed
I from this conclusion, maintaining that the
court erred in its refusal, and that the ab
sence of the word "reasonable" was rot
of so great moment as to exclude • the
I Instruction, in that the entire Instruc
tion should be construed together instead
of being segregated. In this opinion he
was upheld by Justice Templo and Chief
Justices Beattv.
In cases where the decision is as close
as this a petition for rehearing is always
filed and the defendant will ask for a re
opening. If no rehearing Is granted the
renal ttitur will go down to the lower court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1899.
she said, for T remained at the table.
"When we came out from dinner,
8h" continued, "papa was outside wait
ing for us. He walked home with us,
and when we came home mamma
begged him not to go with Mrs. Monti.
He laughed at mamma and told her he
loved Mrs. Monti and it was useless
for her to expect him to give her up.
Then I said to him: 'Papa, why do
you torment mamma so? She ls_ ill.
Why do you not console her? Then
he grabbed me by the throat, and after
a struggle I freed myself from him.
"After that mamma and he went into
the next room. I heard papa ask her
a card, and I saw her leave the
room to get it. I took up a book and
began to read, and the next thing l
knew was when I heard a pistol shot
and looked up. Papa was lying on the
floor and mamma had ,lust placed a
smoking hot pistol on the table.'
The child's testimony in part corrob
orated that of the arresting officers,
Collins and Shea, who took the woman
in charge after the murder.
Mrs Bertha Monti, in widow weeds,
mournfully jetty after a six months'
wearing, was the star witness oi the
afternoon Her testimony was mainly
noteworthy from the fact of her con
venient memory for forgetting things
In thirty days, and ten flays afterward
Winters' will be t:<ken from Folsom to
Redwood City and resentenced to deatr..
APPEAL TO WINEGROWERS.
i Paris Commissioners Issue an Inter
esting Circular Relative to Ex
hibits at Paris.
The Paris Commissioners are Just now
bendrog their energies to waking up the
winegrowers of the State to the oppor
tunity that is offered to gain a worldwide
reputation at the Paris Exposition. To
this end they have issued a circular an
nouncing that sufficient space nas been
allotted to have California wines exhib
ited as they have never been before. The
circular specifies every requirement of the
Commissioners.
The exhibit is to be of commercial wloes
and information Is required as to whether
or not the wine Is made from one grape
or blended; whether sold under the vine
' yard's name; of the roil In which the
grape was grown; of irrigation, sun ex
posure, annual productlpn, etc. Those
facts should be sent to W. H. alcNeil at
the Occidental Hotel. Photographic port
folios are to be made containing photo
, graphs illustrating California methods of
winemaking. •
The Commissioners have rented a ware
house on Mission near Now Montgomery
street and the work of gathering in the
i xhlblts will be rapidly pushed from now
on. _
Was Twice Battered.
"Walter llatton. who is employed at the
Union Imn Works and lives at f>OT Florida
str^t, ?W ore to two complaints hpfore
Judge Mogan yesterday, charging- battery
against Robert Lawprhlin. wlm is also em
ployed at the Union Iron Works, and
"John Doe." Sunday I-aughlin threw a
rock at him. which struck him on the
face broakinf* his nose, and two hours
later a man came up to him and black
ened his eyes. He cannot understand why
ho should have been treated in such a
manner.
Was Glad to Plead Guilty.
Charles Reeley, an ex-convict, was ar
rested on a warrant Sunday night by De
tectives Plnan and Reynolds, charging
him with obtaining money by false pre
tensea. He collected subscriptions for the
I adies' Home Journal, alleging that he
was an authorized agent. He appeared
In Judge Mogan's court yesterday and
told the Judge that he was ready and
anxious to plead guilty and the Judge
gave him the limit— six months In the
County Jail.
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp A Street, tamale Grotto; nightly. •
and her lark of understanding. The
witness found it difficult t" understand
what was meant by "improper rela
tior.s existing between man and
woman." and the phrase had to be ex
plained in detail to her. Even then th
question, "Were the relations existing
between you and Kopp Improper?"
brought forth the qualified response.
"If you ''insider going to the Cliff
House with a man improper. T suppose
they were: otherwise they were not."
Mrs. Monti denied that Kopp was in
love with her, and also that she knew
that Mrs. Kopp was jealous of her.
She told how Mrs. Kopp had railed
upon her, and although it was the first
call she had ever paid her she re
mained from 9 o'clock in the evening
until 1 in the morning reciting to her
her marital woes. She said:
"Mrs. Kopp's principal grievance
seemed to be that Kopp would not deed
back to her the property she had given
),,m previous to her departure for the
Bast. 'If he doesn't deed it back to
me,' she told me, "he will not live to
enjoy It.' "
Mrs. Monti's cross-examination
brought out the fact that during Mrs.
Kopp's absence in the East she (Mrs.
Monti) had rented apartments in the
Kopp residence, on Lewis street; that
Bhe and Kopp occupied adjoining
apartments and that they took their
meals together In the kitchen of the
residence.
"Just like man and wife?" questioned
Judge Ferral.
"No," said Mrs. Monti. "Mr. Kopp
did the cooking."
Fred Jacobson, a neighbor of the
Kopps. told of frequent quarrels in the
Kopp household, and how he had fre
quently seen Kopp and Mrs. Monti to
gether in the Kopp kitchen during Mrs.
Kopp's absence in the Kast.
Mrs. Johannab Le Contl. another
neighbor, testified that Mrs. Kopp had
told her she was anxious to get the
property back that she had deeded to
her husband before her departure for
the East, and that she feared he would
give ii to the Monti woman.
The ense will be continued thi«» morn
ing at 11 o'clock, when Mrs. Kopp will
take the stand In her own behalf.
CABRERA MAINTAINS
HIMSELF BY FORCE
GUATEMALAN DICTATOR BOTH
HATED AND FEARED.
An American Banker Exiled for Re
fusing 1 to Loan Money — Political
Prisoners Shot by Guards.
Mall advices from Guatemala confirm
the reports of an approaching crisis in
the Central American republic. That the
dissatisfaction will lead to a revolution
against the administration of President
Cabrera scorns hardly likely in view of
the fact that there is no money in the j
country to organize anything 1 approaching ;
a formidable insurrection. Uprisings In j
the cities are, however, expected, and
while they may not result In Cabrera's
downfall they will cause great loss to in
vested capital.
It is by no means unlikely that foreign
g-overnments. especially the Vnited States
and Germany and possibly Knglsuid, may
be called upon to interfere, if they have
not been requested to do so already.
f'abrera appears to be maintaining' him
self In office purely and simply by force.
Numerous tales of political- prisoners be
ing shot to death by their guards acting
under his orders are being circulated.
Among those said to have been murdered
in this manner by order of the dictator
are the following: Colonel Mateo Paz and
his brother Vincente, shot down while be
inp taken- to prison at Zacapa; Jose Ma
Übizo, assassinated by his guards on the
way to Chato: Don Hcrachio Trejo, in
San Marcos; Hoh Guadenrio Morales. In
! the Rancho Pan Augustin; Don Adrian
] Victoria, in Tecuhitan: Don Filadelfo
Pais, in Costa Cuca, and many others
whose names are unkown.
Five thousand refugees in Salvador and
as many more in Mexico and Honduras
are ready to take up arms against Ca
brera. The creat majority of the people !
of Guatemala detest him and would like
to see him deposed, but they also fear
him. The seriousness of the situation lies
in the fact that there is no money In the
country, and it is believed that a revo
lution, even if unsuccessful, would result
in hopeless national bankruptcy.
His Spite Costs Him Six Months.
James Johnson, who smashed two plate
glass windows in a store at 121 Montgom
ery avenue through spite because he had
been discharged by the company in which
the windows were insured, appeared for
sentence before Judge Conlan yesterday.
The Judge gave him six months in the
County Jail.
LORD AND LADY
ALGY THE HIT
OF THE SEASON
Henry Miller in a Con
genial Role.
SOCIETY WENT AND SMILED
FLORENCE ROBERTS' CAMILLE
AT THE ALCAZAR.
"Carmen" at the Grand, "Mignon" at
the California and Minnie Pal
mer at the Orpheum.
Notes.
Society reserved its best showing for
"Lord and Lady Algy" and turned out
liberally in numbers and brilliantly in
costume at the Columbia Theater last
evening. Society on this occasion seemed
to know intuitively a gocxi thing before
seeing it. for "Lord and Lady Algy" is
not only a good thing In the way of
modern comedy, bnt it is one of the best
of the good things in that line that have
coma to Sun Francisco.
As the piece was presented at the
Columbia last night it was elaborately
staged and superbly 'costumed, the gowns
of the ladies In the fancy dress ball in the
second act being a shimmering dream of
beautiful fabrics. These scenic elabora
tions were the. framework for clever dia
logue, and funny situations that arose
naturally and glided into place without
effort. The act comes to an almost pa
thetic climax, when, after I^ord Alger
non, tipsy and almost maudlin, is or
dered out of the house by Brabazon Tud
way, Lady Algernon places her arms
about him and lovingly escorts him from
the room, loyal enough and womanly
enough not to desert, her husband in his
disgrace. , .
There was the stillness of intense mter
est in the crowded house as the curtain
rolled down upon the tableau, and then
the audience forgot its dignified reserve
and applauded again and again.
Henry Miller has a role that fits him.
He acts it with a naturalness and repres
sion as delightful as novel. The tipsy
scene, the most trying and risky of all.
because one so easily overdone, was i
played just to the limit and not a hair
breadth beyond.
Margaret Anglln's portrayal of the
good-hearted and volatile Lady Algernon
was artistic. H.-r naturalness and spon
taneity were refreshing. C. I>eslie Aliens
1-traba'znn Tudway was a good make up
for a caricature of Senator Mark Hanna
and was played conscientiously— in spots,
and the ball room sen.- was not one of
the spots Th<-r<> he seemed to forget nis
earnestness and his Jealousy and wan
dered with long, stalky strides into the
land of burlesque. .
The comedy will live. It hns made the
hit of the season— and of a very good sea
son, too.
Alcazar.
■■To the health "f Camille." So say
the guests at table in the early scenes
and so say the theater-going public. May
the masterpiece of Dumas tils forever
nourish despite the philosophers who tell
us we must laugh to be happy. 'Tis tears
we ;«m to want, and In ■•Camille we
shed them in plenty. 'Tis said that
Dumas pere, reading the early acts, be
came irore and more fearful lest senti
ment should, in the end. wreck a great
play and when he found that death was
the chosen climax he gathered his son
triumphantly to his breast and called
I a true child of his father. A very
pie of broken hearts is the play, and
night, when Monsieur Duval was
,g his duty as he saw It and stealing
the sunshine from Camille s life, the
f . bird sang merrily In its cage on the
sta.ee as little birds do In the trees when
hearts in the world below are breaking.
H^re Miss Roberts does her great work.
The tenderness, the pathos, the infinite
sadness of. the scene work so upon the
Imotionc that even the stoutest heart
overheats and tears spring to eyes where
they have long been strangers. All of her
work l- beautiful, and in future when we
r P Jak Of our great CamUles, let us put
her name high upon the list. Of Mr
Whittlesey's Armand I cannot say too
much Lwas noi surprised at its strength
but I 'think the public was. In the fourth
act iiis work was greeted with a perfect
storm of applause and four curtain calls
showed him his artistic work had not
been in vain. It is unquestionabjy a sre^t
Xw< '.'tTe'd'i'f a piece of work in the third
• it sets us thinking. Is she not
capable of roles she has never been trust
ed with" 1 think she is. A dainty piece
f mosaic was tli.' Nannie of Miss
krmsby and Mr. Platfs Gaston was the
best thing we have seen him do. Mr.
Montaine's Monsieur Duval is not a good
niece of work. It savors too much in tone
of the minister, and becomes monotonous.
Miss Howe does very good work as Pru
bul dresses she part more outland
'than is necessary. It offends the
eye too much. The other roles were well
susl uned by the Alcazar Stock c.om
nany In conclusion, it may not be amiss
to say that when an audience sees lit to
laueh in a pathetic scene at a trifling
state accident we ar.e reminded that
Goethe in his wisdom, has said: There
is nothing in which people more betray
their character than in what they find to
laugh at " "Camille" will no doubt play
to crowded c h^us^s. oTTE THOMrsox
Grand Opera-House.
The production of "Carmen" at the
Grand Opera-house last night proved a
most agreeable surprise to the large audi
ence. If any doubts existed as to the ca
pability of the clever company to give a
creditable performance of the opera they
were quickly dispelled and the audience
showed their appreciation by liberal ap
nlause and curtain calls. Hattie Belle
Ladd in the title role scored a pronounced
Buccess She was the daredevil coquette
to the life and charmed her admirers.
Fdith Ma=on as Michaela shared the hon
ors with her and sang with her usual
facility and sweetness. Thomas H.
Persse's Don Jose wan one of his best
, fforts and he was in splendid voice.
Winifred Goff as Escamillo was effective
•md had to repeat the toreador song. Wil
li-im' Wolff and Arthur Wooley were the
two smugglers and Julie Cotte and P.ertha
Ricci the two gypsy friends of Carmen.
The ' orchestra deserves considerable
praise and the choruses were well ren
dered. .
PnlifnrTiia.
To-night the Lambardi Grand Italian
Opera Company will play "The Barber of
Seville." its farewell performance. T,ast
night "Mignon" was brilliantly rendered.
That San Francisco has neglected the
I.nrrbardi Company there is no doubt.
That it regretH it there is also no ques
tion It has been announced that the
company will be reorganized, however,
and under the management of S. 11.
Vriedlander manager of the California
Theater will return within a few weeks.
S'gnorina Snstegini appeared in the role
of B&ignon lasi evening, and seldom has
the part been sung more captivatingly.
H'gnor Travaglinl as Lothario was very
! leasing Sigr.orina Repetto ,ip Pelina,
Signorina I'berto as Federico and Signor
Kusco as Guglielmo were at their best
Orpheum.
An excellent programme is offered the
theater-goint; public by the Orpheum
i management this week. Miss Minnie
Palmer made a d. Tided hit with her clever
play. "Rose Pompom." In her rendition
of her varied part she displayed old-time
ability. As the nun Miss Palmer is a bit
i tno tragic, but when she discards the
vestments of her religious calling and as
| BUmes the part of Rose Pompom, the gay
soubrette, she is in her element, singing
! and dancing in true music hall style. The
i Rixfords do some wonderful head bal
i ancing. and disrobing while in that awk
ward position. George Wilson* mono
logue is extremely funny. His laughing
pong and jokes are extra good. Millian
and Shields, the "tragic comedians," do
a turn that is decidedly ridiculous. Hayes
and Lytton are still favorites In the farce,
■ " , " Hales.
Hales. '___~-~ — — — -~— ~^—~ ~^- ~- ~
I Underwear. jF&t^c^Gonn GGOS^^^ ▼ ♦" V
( 935-947 Market Street. /
Iolj i 0 ■ We ' re ciearin g stocks an after- <
H 'qra^y stocktaking consequence), and d
— "" — — we ' re clearing them rapidly. It J
means a saving to you — a substantial saving. }
It means, perhaps, a little "picking" over d
odds . and ends. But most of the lots are J
, fresh, clean goods— "good goods"— Hales }
goods — goods you need right now. C
' Ribbon clearing. /
Gros Grain Ribbon, in Nos. 8, 5 and 7. Miscellan- X
i ' J; lot in various shades, including black and cream. J
1 The last of one of the most popular lines we have S
Carried this season. You may find just the shade you <.
are looking for at .'ic a yard. "V
) 5000 yards of Ribbon— Think of it! Over three miles S
of ribbon A good heavy ribbon, too All silk and V
i a big assortment of colors. Satin and Gros Grain- }
»„ t_s<i yard No. 12— lOc yard f
■ gS; |ZV;c y ?ard ■ No. 16-12 1 -2c yard \
No . 9-8 1-^^^oe^,! 2 - 1 - d \
\ Domestics and wash goods, >
rinss Toweling— 3 miles of Glass Toweling. Check f
patterns lynches wide. An excellent quality, firm, V.
absorbent and durable, at Hale's, 5c a yard. 1
• Bed Sheets— 6oo big, 90x90-inch. bed sheets, and size £
for double beds, with the famous 2-inch "perfect >
> hem" Here's a chance for boarding house and hotel
keepers; 47c each. £
White Crochet Bed Spreads— 72xB4 inches 3-ply X
* yarn, Marseilles patterns, hemmed and ready for J
use These are our famous "Monterey* quilts; 4 ,>« S
> each. 1
2350 yards of Silk Striped Madras— These are man- %
> usurers' remnants, in desirable lengths for waists C
and dresses. A novelty of the -season. It is a ging- f
ham with a pretty little silk stripe in it. Theseus- C
> iajTy sell at 15c a yard. The remnants fur you to-day
at 7 i-2c a yard. i
> An outing skirt. >
Separate Crash Skirts-A neat little skirt with a >
\ wide hem, linen effect, thoroughly well made, perfect >
' hanging. A little beauty for outing. All sizes at £"
. Hale's, 4f>c each.
' Deep Cuts Throughout the Cloak Department— *
For instance, some $20 Tailor Suits are selling at V^
$15. f
\ The bazaar===three snaps, ?
Willow Clothes Baskets— For your summer wash- 3
ings. You will need one to-day, 7Oe each. r
) Brooms— A good broom for rough sweeping; not 1^
very fancy, but cheap enough to throw away, lOC
>each. . ■ C
' Granite Water Buckets— granite water
buckets, very strong, 40c each. J
"A Wise Guy" J. Morie. the original!
tmirl-t jujwlJ t the cakewalking Farreils !
and the musical Gardner brothers com
plete the bill.
Tivoli.
"Shamus O'Brien." the romantic comic
opera which has been holding the boards j
1 at the Tivoli for the past ten days, con- j
tinues to draw fairly well, notwith- (
standing counter attractions. -Shamus
O'Brien will be the bill to-night and to
morrow night., and will be succeeded on
Thursday" night by "Bluebeard, a laugh
producing burlesque hrimminir with fun
and all the latest Bongs. The grand opera ,
season at the Tivoli will open on August
1 and the management is preparing a
real treat for the music-lovers of this
Sty. Among the operas already ached- ;
uled for presentation are Aid a. La |
Bohemel" "Faust." "H Trovatore." |
••othello," "Lucia." "The Jewess 1 and,
"Manon Lescaut."
HOPPER'S DEBUT
IN LONDON
Makes a Success of the Opera
of "El Capitan"at the
Lyric.
LONDON, July 10.— At the Lyric Thea
ter this evening before a crowded audi- j
ence DeWolf Hopper made his London
debut in his comic opera "El Capitan." |
Though It was one of the hottest nights
of the season the attention given the per
formance was unflagging and the co:
diality and sincerity with which the com
pany and opera was received were un
rr'.stakable. Not only was the curtain
rung up repeatedly in response to en
cores, but Mr. Hopper's timely and
mode3t speech at the close was received
in a fashion that testified to personal
fa jo°s r eph 11. Choate, the United States
Embassador, and Mrs. choate occupied
a stage box and in the audience were
Misa Mary Temest, Miss Madge Leslie,
Miss Olga Nethersole, Miss Mary Shaw,
Mr and Mrs. Pinero, Mr. and Mrs. John
Drew Mrs. Clarence Collins. David Be
la«cr>, Hugh Morton. Gustay Corker,
George Edward. W. H. Post. Mark K law,
E B Jack G F. Hinton, Charles Klein,
l" \V Keller J. K. Hackett, Marcus
Meyer, Norman J. Norman and Thomas
Mrs Borgen's polo in the second act
was particularly admired. On the open
ing of the performance Mr. Hopper was
Krceted with scores of dispatches from
the Lambs' and Players 1 Club of New
York city and the leading American play
ers now in London.
An Infant Was Murdered.
Tn the case of the infant found dead in
the front garden of the house Xo. 1605
Oak street last Saturday, Autopsy Sur
geon Caglieri found that the child had
lived from ten to twelve hours after hirth
and had come to its death from exposure.
Coroner Hill h.'ld an inquest yesterday,
and the Jury returned a verdict that the
child came to Its death at the hands of
some party or parties unknown. The case
has been placed in the hands of the po
lice.
Minnie Adams' Trial.
The trial of Mrs. Minnie Adams,
charged with the murder of her infant
son John Richard Gray, is still under
way in Judge Lawlor's court. Yesterday
jurors, court and attaches left the court
room and visited the premises of the- al
leged murder. Aftr-r visiting the premises
the Jurors were dismissed, but wore in
structed to appear this morning that tno
bearing of t! •■ case might continue.
Mrs. Edmonds Had Heart Disease.
Dr. Cagrlieri, acting autopsy surgeon for
the Coroner, reported yesterday that Dr.
Mary E. Edmonds had come to her death
by valvular disease of the heart. ■ Mrs.
Edmonds lived alone at 913 Bush street
and received a fatal shock last Sunday
night by the ringing of the burglar alarm
In her house.
■ ♦ ■ .
Giren away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey.
printed in ten color*, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
NOPAiy^\HOPAIM
N^ISCOUNT/^
untmV^/so
AUG.I,99\/I^VSOHIY
20 per cent discount on all Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER fIND STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crowds $3.50. Plates $5. Filling 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
O^ ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
J>el!ghtfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated."
i and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON qUINNJ>ro rietor.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CH ARGOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
*%\S UCARAKTEE FOrit BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquor?.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
STRONG DRINK «■«»«■•» Ml*ery. Poverty
OInUND Jnlß\aii<! Death. Upon re<*Mut
it slo.oo -:e Ml! mail you four [4] boxes and poll-
lve written cn:<r:int<>« to cure or refund
ouriroiey. , Stn<" -~n^
GEOROB DARLBXNDER ft CO.. 8ol« ArtJL.
Zl« Kearny St.. Ban Fr»nci»oo.
WbbW Gall $1.00 DBrYear