VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 29.
FROM THE ATLANTIC TO THE PACIFIC
IN AN AUTOMOBILE.
THE MOST
NOVEL RACE
EVER KNOWN
A New Departure by The
Call and the New York
Herald.
UfIQUE ENTERPRISE
To Demonstrate Practicability of
Up-to-Date Vehicle, for Long-
Distance Travel.
j \J Mr. and Mrs. June 28.—
Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Davis will start from this
city in a motor carriage bound
for San Francisco on Saturday,
July i. ' .It will be the longest au
.tomobile run on record, and, be
sides requiring endurance, skill
and nerve, it. will be the test of
■an American-made self-propell
ing vehicle over the worst 01
Nothing to compare with the
trip has ever been attempted in
this country, where the sport
termed ■ "automobihsm is yet
in its infancy. In- Europe the
:"; longest run that has been made
■••was 621 miles, over roads equal
•to irk ways in American cities.
,To : p-y 'h •"»!"■« ocCaii 10-oeeair^Mr?
Davis, will travel about 3700
miles' He. will find some good
stretches of road in the East, and
some fair roads in the Middle
West; but he will have to follow
■ stage coach routes through the
Rocky Mountains and the cattle
trail used by the forty-niners
across the plains. He will have
rivers to«ford. and rocky ravines
to. traverse that may play the
mischief with his pneumatic
tin
I he progress of Mr. Davis and
his wife in their automobile will
be reported in the San Francisco
. Gall and the Herald from day to
.day and the nature of the road
across the country described.
If Mr. Davis succeeds in reaching
his destination according to pro
gramme he believes thai his trip
will demonstrate the possibilities
of long distance touring, even in
the absence of good roads, and
-should be a strong argument in
favor of the improvement of the
main highways of this country.
..Mrs. Davis will have the dis
■■•'.■••
tinction of being the first woman
to make a long tour in. a motor
carriage. Mr. Davis is an en
thusiast on the subject of auto
WOMEN FORBIDDEN TO DECORATE
GRAVES OF THE DEAD
JULY 11TH CANNOT BE CELEBRATED IN IDAHO
WALLACE. Idaho, June 28.—
For a number of years the
11th day of July has been set
apart by th>- miners of this
district as a <iay for decorat
ing the graves of the union cl. ;l <i. The
have always Included march
ing to the cemetery an<l b] 'Iks by
the local men of prominence. This year,
in view of the persecution practiced
on members of the Miners' Union, it
was not proposed to generally observe
the day. The wives and daughters of
•rimers had. however, intended to
place flowers on the grave?, as for
merly, but their intention becoming
known to Attorney General Sinclair,
the following proclamation was issued
to-day:
NOTICE.
"To an residents of the Coeur
d'Alenes: Whereas, the authorities
have teen reliably informed that a
The San Francisco Call.
mobiles. He recently purchased
what is described by the makers
a.s a "continental touring cart."
It has been built in Stamford,
( '<-nn.. by the National Motor
Company, specially for this trip
to San Francisco. Its parts are.
stronger than in the same types
of vehicle made for use on id
roads, and everything has been
dene to insure safety and com
fort on so long a journey. A
_.-"line motor concealed in a
box beneath the seat furnishes
the power, and sufficient fuel can
be carried to run 240. miles.
Mr. Davis expects to have no
number of residents of Phoshone Coun
ty propose to celebrate on July 11 cer
tain acts committed in violation of
law and order and to incite rioting and
resistance to the laws of the State and
the f'nited States, now, therefore, this
is to notify all persons that no
Buch celebration' within Shoshone
County will lie permitted. All persons
giving encouragement by holding meet
ings or giving assistance by contribu
tions or otherwise, and all persons tak
ing part or encouraging others to take
part in such celebration or permitting
others to take part in such celebration
over whom, by reason of relationship,
they exercise control, will be liable to
:trr>st and imprisonment. The peace
officers of the county are instructed to
deny the use of public highways for all
such disgraceful and unlawful exhibi
tions in commemoration of said crim
inal acts.
"BARTLETT SINCLAIR."
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
difficulty in replenishing" his sup
ply of gasoline in the cities and
more important towns through
which he may pass. The carriage
has three gears, giving three
different speeds of ten. twenty
five and thirty-five miles an
hour. It is said to able to climb
a 25 per cent grade at the rate of
five miles an hour. Mr. Davis
expects to maintain an average
speed of fifteen miles an hour for
the entire distance, doing better
in the East than west of the Mis
sissippi.
The start will be made from
the Herald building, in this city.
In the removal rase against County
Commissioners Simpson and Boyle this
morning, the defense filed an answer
denying that they knowingly or cor
ruptly performed any material acts
charged in the information, but alleged
that all their official acts as County
Commissioners were performed in the
best Interests of the people of Sho
shone County and without profit to
themselves. The State offered in evi
dence the record of the Commissioners,
showing the number of votes cast on a
proposition of the removal of the coun
ty seat from Murray to Wallace: also
a certificate of the result filed with the
County Recorder, and vouchers for al
lowances made Sheriff Young as com
missions on license collections.
The afternoon was spent by the State
in presenting evidence in the case.
Most of the time was spent examining
witnesses regarding the bonds of the
Sheriff, Assessor and Tax Collector.
and the finish will be at the San
Francisco Call building. In
choosing the route good roads
have been the firsi consideration.
and so little is known here of the
condition of the roads we^t of
Denver that Mr. Davis may
change his plans when he reaches
the Rockies. From this city he
will run up the Hudson Valley
to Albany, where his road turns
to the westward, following- the
course of the Mohawk River.
Passing through Utica, Syra
cuse and Rochester, the route
then leads around the south
shore of Lake Erie, through
RIOTERS IN STREETS OF BRUSSELS
CHARGED BY THE POLICE.
HURRYING GENDARMES FROM THE PROVINCES.
BRUSSELS, June 2S.— A disturb
ance occurred in the Chamber of
Deputies to-day when the order
of the day of the Right was
adopted, expressing confidence in
the president of the house against the
vote of Socialists. The announcement
of the vote was the signal for a general
uproar, all the Deputies rushing to the
center of the floor, where a free fight
took place. M. Guchtenacre, Catholic-
Labor member from Ghent, was badly
beaten by Socialists. A guard of sol
diers on duty finally cleared the gal
leries and the session was suspended.
The Minister of War. M. J. H. P. Van
den Peereboom, was the object of great
abuse by the Socialists, who blamed
him for originating the uproar.
BRUSSELS, June 29, 1 a. m.— At a
late hour demonstrators assembled in
the neighborhood of Parliament House,
the Government offices and the palace,
Cleveland and Toledo and across
Indiana to South Bend, and
thence to Chicago.
Leaving Chicago the route
will be across* the prairies to the
Mississippi River at Davenport,
and due west to Dcs Moines.
The ' Missouri River will be
crossed at Omaha, and the
course will be southwest through
Nebraska and on to Denver.
Mr. Davis expects to take the
pass near Boulder, Colo., and
work through the mountains,
going to the north of the (ireat
American Desert and turning
south after passing Palisade,
all of which were protected by the
police. The efforts of the latter and of
the civic guard to disperse the people
were fruitless. Finally a mounted body
of gendarmes repeatedly charged the
croud, greatly incensing the demon
strators, who hurled stones and other
missiles at the gendarmes, who there
upon discharged their revolvers. This
failed to scatter the crowd and the
gendarmes finally charged with fixed
bayonets and drawn swords. Two
gendarmes and several rioters were
wounded and many arrests were made.
Numerous windows and street lamps
were smashed and the scuffling con
tinued until after midnight, when. a
heavy fall of rain dispersed the demon
strators.
At the hour of filing this dispatch the
streets are still held by the police and
civil guards and detachments of the
gendarmes are arriving from the pro
vinces.
Nev. California will be ent
beyond Reno, and the ror
pass through Sacramci
According to the I niten j
States postal quide 5 the shortest
rail route from Xew York to San
Francisco is 3250 mile-. By
wagon road the distance is. at
: least 10 per cent greater. A cy
clometer attached to the auto
mobile will record the actual dis
tance traveled. It is the inten
tion of Mr. Davis to make an <
early morning start each day.
rest at midday. and run !
again in the late afternoon
and early evening. Accommoda
tions will b-e sought at hotel- and
road inns until the plains are
reached, and then Mr. and Mrs.
Davis will put up at ranches over
night. In the mountains a tent
may be used for camping out in
case it is found that roadhouses
arc lacking. (iood roads maps
of the League of American
Wheelmen will be consulted in
all States in which they have
been issued. Mr. Davis ha< had I
some experience on the plains. '•
but with all of his efforts to
gather information concerning
the roads, he admits that for a
long stretch in the Far West they
are an unknown quantity to him.
He is determined, however, to
get through to the coast in the
shortest possible running time,
and is confident of arrival there
early in August.
PACKING HOUSE STRIKES
CONSIDERED AT AN END
CHICAGO. June 28.— Wifh the exception
of the trouble at the Vilas & Robbing
plant, where about 500 men ami boys re
fused to work to-day, the epidemic of
strikes at the packing houses appears to
be at an end. In every plant notices have
been posted warning employes that any
one quitting work before the regular hour
would be discharged. The notices wco
the result of a conference held by the
packers on Tuesday and were effectual in
putting an end to the strikes.
Morris & Co. claim to be running aU
right, but despite the claims of th-- firm
thai it has replaced all its striking em
ployes, it has only been killing less than
half the usual number of hogs. The
strike center has jumped frcm the yards
to the plant of Vilas & Robbing at the
Halstead street bridge of the Chicag .
River. The killing gang and unskilled
laborprs went, out and operations j?er<
suspended. About 500 men and boys are
involved in the strike. They demand the
restoration of the 1593 scale.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
WILL TELL
THE WORLD
THE STORY
No Such Tale Will Ever
Have Been Written:-.;
by Man.
THE NEOfD OLD
Pictures Will Show the Change
From the Days of Forty- •.; ;.-!
Nine. ' : '•■'''; ;'•
FROM the Atlantic td- the
Pacific on an automohile'es^
pecially designed for.. the
trip! This is the enterprise.', the
San Francisco Call and the New
York Herald have in haml.to
the end that there may be demon
strated to the readers of these
papers the practicability of- la
distance trips in this strictly;'iv->
--to-date vehicle.
On Saturday. July i. Tb
Herald automobile *t*
the Herald, bui 1 =;i-' : ;
York City, for
across the CO 1 . .
the mosi . ■
;it..H\.<'<i t6 c \cuicle. . ; :".-..' ':■:■■
In the automobile started out
by The Call and Herald witt^iW
seated Mr. John D. Day'is.-, ;■ a--
writer of proved ability, and' his
accomplished wife. They; \\ ill
send by wire each flay, to jTj&g
Call and the Herald, a full' ac
count of their journey, the dis
tance covered, the incidents' -by
the way. the enthusiasm which
will Greet the adventurous, trav
elers. and which will grow and
grow until they feel the soft
breezes of the Pacific on. their
faces and come to a halt in. . front
of The Call building on Market
street.
Mrs. Davis, herself a brilliant
writer, will from time to time
furnish The Sunday Call with her
st<>ry of the trip as viewed from
the standpoint of a Wight
woman. Surely no woman has
ever had such an exciting ex
perience as that before Mrs.
Davis and her story will be
looked l< »r anxiously.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis will be
equipped to take photographs
by the way. and these will be
mailed in advance of the travelers
to The Call and will be used to
illustrate their stories, both in
The Call and in the Sunday edi
tion. In addition to this it has
been arranged that at the conclu
sion of the trip Mr. Davis will
write a series of stories, replet e
with detail and fully illustrated,
giving to the readers of The Sun-,
day Call a comparison of the trip \
across the continent in an autpV
mobile with the trip as the forty
niners made it in old day-.
Next Sunday's Call will con
j tain a full description of the auto
mobile that lias been built spe
cially for this, the most tsensa
tional long-distance race against
time ever made across the conti
nent. Automobiles in general
will be fully discussed, furnishing
a wealth of information on the
subject. V
Received Teachers' Certificates.
BUISUN, June 88.— The Board of Edu
cation of Solano County has just issued
teachers' certificates to the following
successful applicants, who passed exam
inations held here last week; Grammar
grade— Miss May Dunn, Miss Hester
Adamson, Miss Edna Purkitt, Miss Belie
McCoy and Mr. Aubrey Collier. Primary
grade— Miss Fannie Barkway. Uisa
Mamie Howard. Miss Lulu Howard, MtS3
Irma McCarty. Miss Grace Rusing and
Miss Grace Spaulding. There were nin*
teen applicants.2
SPEEDING ACROSS THE CONTINENT FOR.
ARRIVE
INCINNATI
RECEPTION COMMI UNOLE
TO TAKE CARE Oi' GUESTS.
The Day Was Given Up to Parades,
Serenades and Feasting — Suc
cessful Opening Con
certs.
Bpe la! T'iFpatrh to The Call.
) ; CINCINNATI, June 28.— Visitors to
the gnldt-n jubilee of the North Ameri
can Saengerbund continued to pour in
to-day by the thousands and there is
the. largest attendance that was ever
known "ii any occasion in this city.
To-morrow the newspaper men will
glvo a burlesque parade. To-day tht-re
were ail sorts of parades and serenades
the local societies and commit
tees' were being escorted from the de
a-nd about the city.
Immediately after th.> rehearsal to
morrow, the United German Societies
«.f Indianapolis will give their "fruhs
choppt-n" at the jubilee hall, assisted
by the Chicago (-i-rmania Maehnerich
<r. St. Louis Liedcrkranz, Milwaukee
Musikeverein, Detroit Harmonia, Day
tori Harmonia and Columbus Maenne
rioher. This promises \<> be one of the
most noted events outside of th.- regu
lar programme. All other State and
interstate organizations will hold simi
lar meetings during the week.
The attendance, both of members of
musical societies and of visitors, is
puch to-night as to surpass all esti
ma.tes. The reception committee to
night reports the attendance of 50,000
visitors. During the morning hours
th»- relays for escorts of the general re
ception-committee were able to tak<
care of the visitors as they arrived at
the depots, but later in the day the re
ception committee was unable to ten
der such receptions as had been ar
ranged for, but all were tendered ova
tions and an escort.
Refreshments were served to all the
Fingers at the Horticulture Hall on
their arrival, before escorting them to
their respective quarters. Breakfast
was continued during tne forenoon and
before noun over six thousand were
served with over four thousand pounds
of meat and sausages, 1500 loaves of
Crockery
If it's
Up-to=Date Crockery
you want
Try
Great American ImportinE Tea Go's
: .- Have 100 Stores
: .: That's Why ;
.. Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES:
861 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 7OsLarkinSt .
2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery ay.
855 Hayes St. 2 8 I hird «<t.
2732 24th St- 3285 -Mission St.
2008 I'illmore St. 506 Kearny St.
.. •' 52 Market Street Headquarters.
. OAKLAND STOKES: \ • •
Ios3\V sliinmonSt. 1185 23d Aye.
1237 liroadway. 6J6 E. TwelftJi St.
". •;.' :■'.:.■:■ 1510 Seventh St. '
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
j 1< Ai ALL-V St.. near Fourth.
bn ad and innumerable sandwiches and
frankfurters, also 350 kegs of beer and
other beverages. The tables were 200
feet long, but it was impossible to ac
commodate all present at them. This
si rvice was continued in the afternoon
and evening. It was not possible to
make any estimate at the noon lunch
and later in the day. Tt was also im
possible 1" continue with accuracy af
ter the morning hours to estimate on
'' arrivals from different cities, as i
on< hundred different musical so-;
>s arrived later in the day.
MUST BE PAID
REFRIGERATOR CARS
Assessor Berkey of Sacramento Coun
ty Starts a Crusade on Fruit-
Sliipping Companies.
SACRAMENTO, .Tune 2S.— Assessor
Berkey of this county has announced his
■ ■■rmination to assess tli» refrigerator
cars of the larg". fruit shipping compa
nies, which, it is claimed, have heretofore
; ed taxation. In accordance with this
design, the Assessor this afternoon caused
to appear before him C. B. Dewees, secre
j tary of the Continpntal Fruit Express.
: whom he subjected to a series of ques
tions relative to what numbers of re
frigerator cars of the company he repre
were located in this county on
March 1 last. Dewees said that the state
ment which he had previously rendered
the Assessor was correct, so far as he
knew. This statement made it appear
that the only property of the Continental
Fruit Express in Sa--rn.mento County on
March 1 last was as follows: Office furnl
; Hire, $7.'; safe and fixtures, $50: ice house
; $250; total, $875. He said he knew of no
way to o'etermine where the cars of his
company were on March 1. He said he did
not know whether or not his company
taxes in this State on its cars. He
; added that he did not know in what State
such taxes were paid, or whether they
were paid at all; that was outside his line
ol business.
After some further questioning, which
elicited no important information," the rep
resentative was excused. The agents of
! the other refrigerator car lines will be
called at different dates and similarly
questioned. Assessor Berkey said that no
matter what county of the State the cars
are located in he proposes to see that they
■do not escape taxation. He says that he
j has learned that most of the fruit-grow
ers express. cars were in Los Angeles on
March 1 and that he will notify the
Assessor of that county of that fact.
THE WEATHER KITE.
Alexander G. McAdie Congratulated
On His Experiments by Wash
ington Officials.
Alexander G. McAdie, chief of the local
Weather Bureau, received a congratula
tory message from Professor W.L. Moore,
chief of the Washington bureau, yester
day, on the result of his experiments with
kites to ascertain the temperature in up
per altitudes. From the weather station
op Mount Tamalpais, McAdie reached a
distance of nearly half a mile above sea
level. He found the temperature 30 de
grees warmer than in the city of San
I rancisco. At present he is perfecting
plans to continue his experiments.
Weather and crop reports were received
from Porto Rico by the local bureau yes
terday.
"Lightning and the Electricity of the
Air is the title of a recent work by
Alexander McAdie and Alfred J. Henry
Issued by the Department of Agriculture
and selling for 60 cents per copy. It con
tains valuable statistics on the effects of
lightning and its prevalence throughout
the United States. To-day the Weather
Bureau's monthly report will be issued
and will contain a table showing the rain
fail InjCalifornla for the past fifty years.
LITTLE BOYS WILD RIDE.
Thrown Thirty Feet Into a Creek,
But Escapes Injury.
MTLT. VAT. LEY, June 28.— When Frank
McCamlsh, a well known resident of this
place, drove into his yard yesterday he
thoughtlessly left his horse untied, not
noticing the presence of his 2-year-old
t."v. as soon as the father was out of
Bight the youngster climbed into the
and called to the horse, which
walked out of the gate. and. finding him
self uncontrolled, ran away. Tearing
down a steep hill at a high rate of speed",
tne horse overturned the buggy and threw
the child thirty feet Into h creek. The
buggy was smashed to pieces and the
animal badly cut and scratched before it
was caught, but the child miraculously
escaped serious injury and was merely
rendered unconscious by the force of his
terrible fall.
Picked Up a Shipwrecked Crew.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
- MONTEVIDEO. June 25.-The German
steamer. Modestia arrived at this port to
day from the Falkland Islands, carrying
with her the crew of the American ship
John R. Kelly, which was wrecked near
! Port William. Her captain and family
continued the voyage to San Francisco
aboard the.. American ship Cyrus
; Wakefleld, which suffered also by storm
1 The Wakefield's captain died near Capo
lUfrn, _. - J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29. 1899.
CONFINED IN A
MEXICAN JAIL ON
A MURDER CHARGE
H. C. Faulkner, an Engineer,
Formerly of Redwood City,
Being Persecuted.
REDWOOD CITY. June 28.— A sensa
tional letter has Just been received by J.
j V. Swift of this place from H. C. Faulk
; ncr, who is confined in Jail at Ixtlahuaca.
Mexico. Mr. Faulkner has been confined
since April 25 last in a cell Bxlo feet, along
j with eight' other prisoners, the latter of
i the lowest type. The charge against him
is murder, and grew out of a most
lamentable accident, which occurred at
the Nolan mine at El Oro, where he was
employed as engineer, for which he was
entirely blameless.
It appears that the superintendent of
the mine together with an employe were
j let down a shaft in the mine in a cage,
their object being to take the water level.
Before going down the engineer was given
instructions to stop on signal.
The cage was lowered and no signal
I given to stop. Finally Faulkner thought,
! from the indicator,' that the cage must
be near the water, and of his own accord
stopped it. He received no signal even
then, and as It was against the rules to
raise the cage without orders from be
j low, he sent a man down to investigate,
who reported that the top of. the cage
was under water. The men had been
drowned like rats in a trap.
The letter, which was dated the lPth
inst., was smuggled out of prison and 13
as follows:
Dear Friend: You will no doubt be surprised
to hear that I am down here, and more than
that, I am In jail and unjustly held by the
authorities for an accident which occurred on
the 25th of last April at the Nolan mine at
El Oro, where I was employed. The casualty
resulted in the death of two men, and al
though I am entirely blameless, I have been
thrown into, prison at this place and have
since if confined In a cell not larger than
Bxlo with eight prisoners of the lowest type
j Imaginable. There is no ventilation and the
j stench of the place is terrible. My friends
i have done all they could to secure a trial for
I me, but have not yet succeeded, and it Eeenis
; all I can do is to Walt in silence in this hor
; rible place, for God knows when I will get out.
: The lood given us is not tit tor a dog, and
I what makes it harder still is that my health
' is about ruined from Bleeping on the damp ,
y stone flQgr, Ji -_.vfi\ili! jyu^Uje strongest, njej;.
' so you can imagine the cruelty iff. these Mexi
cans, especially when they have an American
!in their power. If the authorities would only
investigate the charges made against me they
; would at once see that I was powerless to pre
i vent the accident, or to save the lives of the
'• men.
I will tell you briefly how the accident oc
curred, and every word of my statement can
i be proved by the most unimpeachable testimony
in the town of El Oro: I was running the
: hoisting engine at the Nolan mine, and on ♦he
i date mentioned the superintendent. Frank
Lloyd, stepped into the cage to descend, ac
: companied by a peon, to take the water level,
I giving me orders to lower -him until he sig
, naled me to stop. I let the cable out until
the cage had reached the 600-foot level and
' then slowed down to allow them to take the
bell rope. I still kept on paying out the cable,
expecting every moment to get the signal, but
no sign was given. The indicator showed that
! the cage had reached the end of the guides so
j I stopped and waited lor the signal, but re
! ceived none. I could not hoist the cage without
orders, so I Bent men down the main way of
the shaft to find out what was wrong, and
! when they returned they told me that the cage
was under water and both men were drowned.
My friends have appealed to the American
i Embassador at the City of Mexico, but he
| would do nothing for me. I have forwarded
i a statement to Secretary Hay at Washington
and hope he will Investigate the matter and
have my case investigated. I Intend to try
and make the Mexican Government pay for
their unjust and cruel treatment.
I write this letter principally to warn my
friends In Redwood who may think of com
ing to this country what they may expect
from such laws as exist here. I hope this
communication may reach you, yet I fear that
it never will. I have to depend upon the kind
ness of a prisoner who has the run of the
yard to address and mall it for me. I want
LEADS UP TO A
FORGERY CHARGE
Sensation Sprung in a
Petty Civil Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, June 28.— A sensation was
sprung in the trial of a petty civil case
before Judge Cunningham at Balls terry
to-day. It will result in a prosecution for
forgery of W. Ford Spencer, a prominrnt
farmer, or his wife, or both. Suit was
brought by Mrs. Spencer in the Jutftic-'j
Court of Shlnpletown Township against
Joseph and Antone Martin to prove i
debt of $178, including a note for $25. The
Martins are widely known and respectc-d
sheep men. During the trial to-day
Colonel C. A. Garter, ex-United States
District Attorney, as attorney for the de
fendants, demanded to see the promis
sory note, denying I,he existence of the
samp. To the amazement of the defence
a note for $25, payable to Mrs. Spencer
and signed with the name, of Joseph
Martin, was produced. Martin was
dumfounded and stoutly denied the au
thorship of the note.
Judge Cunningham stopped the trial
and announced hi.s Intention of taking
proofs on the authenticity of the promis
sory note. A continuance was taken in
the case until July 10, at which -time both
sides of the case will have handwriting
experts up from San Francisco to pass
on the- note. The Spencers are known
throughout the State. Mrs. Spencer was
a witness on the Yon Tiedeman forgery
case in San Francisco recently. Spencer
himself ia best known in this county by
the numerous times that his name adoiiifc
the dockets of the Justice's and Superior
courts. ____________
MRS. LETERBANDT WINS.
She Gets $4500 to xieal a Heart
Broken by Jean Sorg.
SAN JOSE. June 28.-Mrs. Bertha Lieb
brandt was given a verdict against Miner
Jean Sorg this afternoon for $4500 ' for
breach of promise ' of marriage. Thirty
thousand dollars were asked in the suit,
but the little bathhouse proprietress of
the Surf City evinced considerable pleas
ure when the verdict was read. The jury
was only out a couple of hours. A ten
days' stay was granted and the case will
undoubtedly go to the Supreme Court. •
The verdict hinged solely on the testi
i mony of Mrs. LelDbrandt and Sorg. The
plaintiff testified Sorg was an ardent
lover. lie came to her house before 7
o'clock, stayed all day and late in the
/. tvtiiiuij. He .proposed jnarriage and she
the American people to know how our citizens
are treated In a foreign country. Had I been
a British subject the, Conßul of that country
would have taken action lone ago and not
treated me as did Embassador Clayton. But
I think we have a Secretary at Washington
who will protect American citizens. I wish
you and all cither of my friends in Redwood
; would write me. I need encouragement while
I I am compelled to exiPt amid such horrible
; surroundings. Address your letters to El Oro,
Mexico, tor if you write me here the Judge
I will open the letters and I will never receive;
them. Yours truly, H. C. FAOL.KKER.
Ixtlahuaca, Mexico. -,'A '■' : , '--,■ •:*'••
I' S.— Address all letters to El Oro. State of
Mexico, via Tullenango, and my friends there
will send them to me. •;.;i" H. C. F.
In addition to his letter Mr. Faulkner
| sends a clipping from the Two Republics, :
| a newspaper published in Mexico, In
, which two friends undertake his defense.
It bad been stated by Mr. Faulkner's
■persecutors that the "indicator on the
engine showed him plainly that the cage
was from fifteen to twenty feet below the
water line," while the truth is. and it can
be established by unimpeachable testi
mony, that the top of the cage was sub
j merged in but six inches of water.
-Mr. Lloyd before starting down loosen
i ed the needle of the indicator on the en
; gine that the engineer might Ret it in the
proper place on the indicator when he
should receive signal to do so. Mr. Lloyd
! marked a spot on the indicator to which
I the engineer with perfect safety might
' lower him.
The engineer lowered him inch by inch,
waiting for Mr. Lloyd's signal. Befojy
reaching the spot on the indicator mark
; ed by Mr. Lloyd he stopped the c aKe cn _
tirely. . - ,«".,»
"When the night engineer Arrived he did
not immediately hoist the cage, as stated,
but they decided to send a man down the
ladder, which Is In a chamber parallel to
that in which the cage runs, to see if all
were well, as *- iC (Faulkner) had begun
to be anxious.
hen <> 1P report was brought to the
surface tr iat the occupants of the cage
were drowned the engineer did not try
to get &way, but in company with the
wat< I, man went down to the town, a dis
tance of about a mile, notified members
Of the company whom he thought should
i know of the matter, sent the watchman
; in search of the ■'!•.>; rAlth ritier and
himself' waited within fifty yards of the
jail until such authorities appeared. . .
In the clipping sent.it is said:
In none of the reports la the reason given
to the public why the engineer heeded not the
Blgnals of heard them not. Why? Because
there were never any given. It Is claimed
that the engine was* in good running order,
the boll rope and bell Intact. Verily, the en
gineer himself admits that this time the en
irked ;ill right, and as for the hell rope,
it certainly was intact, colled up and thrown on
one ••! the timbers of the mine, well out of
reach of the occupants bf the cage when near
the water line, or Home teno r fUteen feet, to
be mure Bpeclflc. Why was it there? Hecauße
on a previous trip it had become entangled in
Mr. Lloyd's legs and he himself had thrown the
end of it over one of the timbers, a fact the
engineer did not know till a week after the
accident, and which Mr. Lloyd deemed so un
important that apparently he forgot all about
It.
As for the engineer not using any Judgment.
this Is all twaddle. An engineer on a hoist
ing machine is not supposed to operate the
1 age on his Judgment. Should ho make a prac
tice of using Judgment instead of signals
mines would be the scenes of even more acci
dents than they are. His signals are his or
ders and he is ezpei ted to obey them as blindly
and implicitly as the soldier who receives nis
orders from his officer and obeys without ask
ing why. A primary law In such matters Is
that a cage shall never be lowered nor raised,
once it has been stopped, without the proper
signalftbeing given.
Mr. Faulkner is well known at thi?
placei where he resided before going to
Mexico. He was a very popular young
man and had many friends here. An ef
fort will be made by them to secure his
i< lea -'•.
accepted. The relations between them
frmn this time on were the same as hus
band and wife. Mrs. Leibbrandt was dis
posing of her household goods to marry
Borg, when Bhe learned of hia marriage
to another lady.
Borg denied all this. He said he never
proposed marriage, but on the other hand
Mrs. Leibbrandt repeatedly proposed to
him. and finally wanted to become his
housekeeper. He claimed she demanded
money, and when he refused she threat
ened the suit just decided.
SHASTA'S FINEST FRUIT
FARM WILL BE SOLD
Code Commissioner Skanahan to Lose
a Very Valuable Piece of
Property.
REDDING, Juno 28.— One of the finest
fruit farms In Sha?ta County, the famous
Shanahan ranch near Anderson, will be
sold under trustees' sale on August 8. The
Shanahan family, including Code Com
missioner T. W. H. Shanahan, mortgaged
the property in the early 'SO's to Dr. J O
Smith of '""ttonwood. The interest and
principal had reached the sum of $10 iXh)
on November 9, when Dr. Smith instituted
foreclosure proceedings in the Superior
( ourt. To prevent a sale under fore
closure, the Shanahan family executed v
, !i °. f trust - Dr. Smith assigned the
deM I Of trust to the Bank of Northern
California of this city in consideration of
a loan of $9000. Defaults were made in the
payments under the trust deed and the
trustees have advertised the sale of the
property on August 8
The property consists of 280 acres of the
Reading grant, and Is situated on the
west bank of the Sacramento' river. It
is a beautiful farm. The greater part of
the land is planted in fruit trees, which
are now in bearing
LOOKING AFTER GOLD MINES.
Ardent Silver Democrats to Soon
Start for the West.
NEW YORK. June ] - 2S._ James W
Oliver, sergeant-at-arms of the Demo
cratic National Committee, together with
Senator Jones of Nevada,- both ardent sil
ver men, will f tart for the West to look
after their interests in the gold mines
l h hn%T Ser Vtf? r Jon wIU stop at Seat?"
while Mr. Oliver will penetrate the Klon
dike region, whne a mine in which he is
part owner is located. Other prominent
silver men are interested in it also. Mr
Oliver believes the mine is exceedingly
valuable. .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. \ ■• • ARRIVED. ; ; :
Wednesday, July 28.
■ Stmr Newsboy, Ktlefsen, ,53 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Columbia, Green, ' 60 hours from Port
land, and from- Astoria' 40% hours. .
• ' /•. .- , SAILED.-- _ -.. . , ]
■ .- ■ Wednesday, July 28. '
AGUINALDO MAY
BE PLANNING AN
ATTACK ON MANILA
The Insurgent Leader Writes
for Information Concerning
the American Troops.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦.♦■♦■♦■*♦♦■*♦♦♦
♦ ♦
♦ WASHINGTON, June 2S.— So ♦
+ that Major General Otis may +
♦ have additional troops as rapid- ■♦•
+ ly as possible, Secretary Alger, +
-f after his conference with the >■
♦ President, gave instructions to ♦
+ Brigadier General Ludington, ♦
+ quartermaster general, to obtain -f
+ as many transports as possible ♦
+ on the Pacific Coast. General +
+ Ludington will endeavor to char- -♦■
♦ ter several new vessels. -f
♦ " ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
MANILA, June 28.— One of the most
prominent Filipinos in Manila received
a verbal message this morning direct
from Aguinaldo, who is at Tarlac. in
structing him to make as complete a
report as possible regarding both the
military and political situation in Ma
nila, Aguinaldo wants to obtain from
a Filipino source knowledge concerning
the strength of the American army, the
health of the troops, and what Otis'
intent;,, 7>s ,:;-e regarding the carrying
out of operations u^rillg U\e rainy sea
son.
.The Filipino to whom the message
was sent has been steadfastly friendly
to the Americans. He has been fre
quently requested to join Aguinaldo,
but always refused to do so.
The fact that the rebel leader has
sent such a request is capable of dou
ble interpretation. Possibly Aguinaldo
desires to know what his chances
would be in the event of his surrender,
or it. is possible that he wants to obtain
information as to ports opened by or
der of General Otis, through which he
might obtain provisions and other sup
i pließ for his army and at the same time
' ship the produce of tne country.
The request for the information,
coming as it does direct from Agui
naldo, settles the reports that have
been circulated to the effect that he
has been assassinated by the friends of
General Luna, in revenge for the kill
| ing of the latter by some of Aguinaldo's
j men, presumably by his order.
Under General Otis' instructions the
! gunboats engaged in blockading duty
• now allow vessels with regular clear
j ance papers to pass the blockade, but
; the issuing of an order to this effect
I was delayed, owing to the fact that the
j opening of ports would enable the in
surgents, who are in control of them, to
collect duties on articles imported.
There was great distress at several of
i the closed ports, owing to the lack if
! food, and business was at a complete
I standstill, owing to the merchants be
■ ing unable to obtain supplies.
These facts influenced General Otis
to issue the order, he considering that
I the situation is now sufficiently favor
j able to permit restricted business being
done at the ports. The order simply
permits the landing of food, and a clO3e
watch will be kept to prevent filibus
ters from landing arms, ammunition
and other supplies for rebels.
A severe typhoon is blowing arid this
is delaying the sailing of vessels which
■v^ant to take advantage of the opening
of the ports. The situation remains
comparatively quiet to the south and
east of Manila, where recent lighting
took place. A rebels' scouting party
to-day met a patrol of the Wyoming
regiment, and in seeking escape, fled
Into the arms of a battalion of the
Fourth Infantry. Two of the insur
gents were capturpd with their arms.
There is increasing activity among
j the Insurgents at San Fernando, and
i they apparently are anxious to resume
' hostilities. It is reported to-day that
j General Pio del Pilar, with 200 D men,
has joined the main body of the insur
gents there.
OTIS' FORCES TO BE
INCREASED AT ONCE
WASHINGTON, June 25.-President Mc-
EXEMPTS REFUSE TO
MARCH WITH CHINESE
Veteran Firemen of Stockton May
Not Participate in the Fourth
of July Parade.
STOCKTON, June 2S.— Discord has
broken out among the exempt firemen
over the action of the Fourth of July
committee in inviting__ local Chinese to
contribute, a feature to the parade. The
local exempts are comprised of influential
citizens, and on parade they are always
one of the best features in a local pro
cession. Ben F. Kohlberg, president of
the company, announces that sinre the
Chinese have been asked to join in the
celebration and are preparing to do so
he wili fall a meeting of the company
and do ail in his power to keep the oid
vets out of lire.
"It think a man whp will turn, out with
a Chinaman is a Chinaman himself," says
Mr Kohlberg. "A few years ago we
were trying to get rid of the Chinese, and
now we are asking them, to turn out la
our patriotic celebrations."
Numbers of other exempts express
themselves the same way. The Fourth of
July committee Is left in a bad fix. It
does not like to notify the Chinese 'that
they cannot parade after extending them
a pressing invitation and can hardly daie
to offend the exempts. Diplomacy is be
ing tried, but it is doubtful whether it
•will work in this Instance.
WANTS MONOPOLY OF TRADE.
Mountain Copper Company's System
of Forcing Its Currency Into
Circulation. •.
REDDING, ..June' -25.— 111-feeling has
been caused at Keswick by the action of
the Mountain Copper Company in issu
ing currency of its own. The copper com
pany. which operates great smelters, also
has a large-store at Keswick. When an
employe applies at the office for money
. before .payday; he js given funds in the
Ktnley has definitely decided to increase
the military forres in the Philippines to
at least 40.000 men. This decision was
reached at a conference tin's morning be
tween the President, Secretary Algfr and I
Adjutant General Oorbin. The details as
to the organization of additional regi- !
ments and appointment of officers are
matters for future consideration. The only :
order which the President has given on '
! the subject is that recruiting shall con
| tinue at all of the present recruiting sta
tions until further orders. The 65.000 quota
for regulars has already been exceeded, !
so that new recruits will have to be
charged to the provisional army of So.O'JO
! men.
Word was received from General Otis
to-day that he had a skeleton organiza
tion for two volunteer regiments in the
| Philippines, but he did not state the rium
: ber of men he required. He has been
asked for a statement of the exact num
ber that he will need to complete
these two regiments and till up the com
panies of the regular regiments under his
command. When he replies the depart
ment will decide as to the exact number
■ of additional volunteers to be enlisted.
■ The general idea now is that about IT. .<kmj
volunteers will be enlisted and a sufficient
number sent to t ha-. Philippines to increase
; General < >tis' force to 40,000 men. This will
alloy. ]iim a large margin over the mirn
tier he requested— 3o ,000— for invalids,
wounded and other non-combatants.
Recruits will be enlisted without \: r e".
for the next two weeks. By that time it
is expected that a sufficient number will
have been obtained to fill two volunteer
regiments being organized by Otis, and
fiye to seven additional regiments in this
j country. The selection of officers for ad
ditional regiments is an embarrassing fea
ture in connection with the organization
of new regiments. This, more than any
other thing, has delayed the decision as
to recruiting more men. Thousands of
applications for commissions are already
on file in the War and- they
continue to pour in in great number.
Realizing that he is likely to make more ;
enemies than friends by the appointments;
In- makes, the President would like to I
shift the responsibility upon other shoul- |
ders. if it were possible to do so.
Officers for two volunteer regiments '
will be appointed <>n the recommendation
of General Otis. In selecting officers for ,
I the regiments to be organized in this j
country, the President's intention is to !
be guided largely by efficiency reports on
those officers, regulars and volunteers,
who participated in the war in Cuba and
Porto Rico, but there is such great pres
sure in behalf of men who did not nave J
an opportunity to display their qualities
last year that the President will find it i
very difficult to confine his selections to
those who fought in the West Indies.
FILIPINOS ACTIVE IN
SOUTHERN ISLANDS
VICTORIA, B. C, June 28.— The steam
ers Tartar and Glenogle arrived to-day
from Hongkong, bringing an interesting
story from Hakodate, where the steamer
Hokoku Maru had just returned from the
Philippines. Her master. Captain Kawa
mura Sakichi, reported that in the south
ern islands the young Filipinos are con
structing fortifications against emergen
cies. Every port is garrisoned by a thou
sand or so volunteers, whoge weapons,
however, are very crude, only about 20 per
cent being armed with rifles (Reming
tons). They are, however, full of pa
triotism and state that they will not yield
to the Americans, though the whole cf
the islands are destroyed. The photo
graphs of Aguinaldo are to be seen on the
walls of all the huts in the camps, and
his influence is great.
The Hokoku Alaru was warmly wel
comed by the Filipinos, who considered
the Japanese to be of a kindred race and
hoped for assistance from them. The
officers in the camps entertained the
ship's officers and crew, and endeavored
to make arrangements for a supply of
arms and ammunition from Japan, for
which they said they were prepared to
pay a large sum of money. They further
stated that they could supply large quan
tities of hemp as a return cargo for
Japanese vessels visiting the islands. The
Hokoku is believed to have done a prob
able trade in Remingtons and ammuni
tion, but her master naturally denies the
charge, asserting that all he sold were
two revolvers and the cook's knives.
There was no question but that the in
surgents are well supplied with gold coin
| shape of aluminum checks in denomina
j tions of 10. 25 and 50 cents, good for mer
chandise at the company's store. Saloon
Keepers and others- are forced to accept
these checks or lose trade. The checks
can be redeemed only by purchasing at
the company's store. Business men of
Keswick are complaining and are trying
to devise some means to obviate the ne
cessity of accepting the aluminum checks
RANDSBURG ORPHEUM
MAY BE CLOSED UP
The Proprietor and Seven Female
Artists Are Under
Arrest.
RANDSBURG, June 28.-Louis Wood
ward, proprietor of the local Orpheum
Will be arrested to-night on a complaint
drawn under section 303. Penal Code.
Seven female artists were arrested under
section 306 of the same code. Heretofore
many attempts have been made to close
up this theater. Nearly two years ago
the- camp was well divided on the subject.
The matter was brought up before the
Board of Supervisor?, but owing to a
resolution passed by the citizens" commit
tee that the theater was a drawing card
to the camp the matter was dropped.
Gus Tower, the deputy constable who
swore to the complaint, says the orders
came from Constable John W. Kelly, his
chief The Board of Supervisors have
visited the theater on two different occa
sions and expressed themselves well
pleased with the management of the
place.
Bound for Alaska.
SEATTLE, June 28.— A number of noted
people will leave on the big steamer
Queen to-morrow morning for Alaska
The distinguished passengers Include as
members of tho Joint High Commission
Congressmen Payne, Hull. Stetele Hfit'
wnle and Dalzell, accompanied by iheir
families. Among the many CalifornianK
are U, S. Grant Jr. and Xwnlly. tUllormanB _
GROWERS WANT
TO OWN THE CARS
Sense of the Placer^
County Convention.
ARGUMENTS ALL ONE WAY
NOTHING TO BE GAINED BY A
REDUCTION OF RATES.
Wells-Fargo Proposition Looked on
With Disfavor and a Private
Refrigerator Line Con
sidered Best.
facial Dispatch to The Call.
NEWCASTLE, June 28.— The fruit
growers met in Fraternal Hall at 3
i o'clock this afternoon. The attendance
was very small. C. H. Kellogg was ap
! pointed chairman and G. Geraldson see
, retary. W. R. Fountain suggested a
I rereading of the articles of incorpora
tion, stating that many growers were
: laboring under a false impression of the
sense of the Placer County association,
Bupposing that it did not favor an in
dependent car line. Mr. Fountain said:
"We wish it distinctly understood
that we do favor sucK a car line and
. will assist the State organization in
this regard. Although my proposition
was voted down in the State conven
tion I do not feel sore over it and am
■ willing to stand In on the majority re
port. Let me say, however, that if by
owning or leasing the refrigerator cars
every cent of th" refrigeration charges
were removed, the fruit growers would
secure one-tenth of one per cent
•>! it, but would exactly add to his
losses every dollar of the money he in
vested in the purchase or lease, main
tenance and operating expenses of the
1 refrigerator car line.
'Trace back and see if you can find
one instance wherein a reduction in
transportation charges brought the
growers any increase in their proceeds.
The trouble lies in having the other fel
low do your business. Fellow-growers,
do your own business and own a re
frigerator-car line and you will then be
the painer."
F. C. Miles referred to the actions of'
the State directors, and said that other
districts were prepared to follow Placer
and help the State association. After
considerable debate on what the future
actions would be, the proposition of
Wells, Fargo & Co. was mentioned by
J. F. Maden, but it was decided that
the proposition could not be properly
dealt with at present. An incorporation
was effected and W. R. Fountain, G. L.
Threlkel. C. H. Kellogg. C. L. Adams
and G. Geraldson were elected trustees.
Terrill Again Indicted.
SAX JOSE. June 2*.— The Grand Jury
returned another indictment against At
torney Samuel B. Terril! to-day fur em
bezzlement. It Is charged tHiit while ad
ministrator of the estate of Christopher
Fault, deceased. Terrill appropriated a
$400 promissory note to his own use. The
note was made by Margaret Sullivan.
Terrill sold it to ILonroe C. Park for $2<X).
Terrill is now in *ail awaiting trial on
Borne half dozen similar charges of em
bezzlement and forgery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"^tU*IPJ//'/r\ .Unless the
t%^^^^^> P ro Per precau-
'~t%V%r^^\7 / %r^ tions are taken,
"'S/W^yis^vD death win lurk
i^iJM/^i?^'^ ' — • in every home.
--" ®lpip&ir Itdogsthefoot-
M-^ s&S- r^i overwork and .
w 'CD fiB|H&i|M3KU TIC" oyerworry and
2Gr' 3? dent time to
'^3«R:^^^^ r^-J rest, eat and
a^BlrTi ==^ 9lee P- At first
gJj™~^ — iv^_ ~~~~~^F=£- but trilling ill
Rlflii 7^^-*-^ fee' e ? ec t 9 fr° m ms
"k^ i!ir"~~-^--- :^ a i indiscretion.
■^ — *" « ' ' I Then he . will
Buffer from headaches, loss of appetite, loss
of sleep, lassitude in the morning, drowsi- .
ness during the day and a general "out-of-
sorts" feeling. If these conditions are
neglected, almost any serious malady may
be the result. Frequently it is tone nervi
• ous disorder or dread ' consumption. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical i Discovery is th&
best medicine for hard-working men. It
gives edge to the appetite, makes digestion
and assimilation perfect, invigorates the
liver and purifies and enriches the blood.
It is the great blood maker and flesh-
builder. It cures oS per cent, of all cases
of chronic or lingering, bronchial, throat
and lung affections. .->
. All too frequently, death dogs the foot- '
steps of the wife, in the guise of weakness
and disease of the delicate and important
organs that bear the burdens of wifehood
and maternity. There is an unfailing cure
for : disorders of this nature. . It is Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. It acts di-
rectly on the sensitive organs concerned,
making them strong, healthy and vigorous
It fits for wifehood and motherhood:
They are. sold at all medicine stores.
During early childhood death lurks in -
every corner for these fragile innocents.
The mother can only protect her babes by
acquiring some practical medical knowl-
edge. Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser imparts this knowledge. For- a
paper covered copy send 21 one -cent
stamps to cover cost of mailing only, to
D . r , *■■ v - Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. Cloth
Jinding 31 stamps.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
dflTfthi DESPAIR! Do not Si™.
M&SB/SSSL f" Longer! The joys anil ambitions of
&3jr\SL life can be rrs-tored to you. Tin. very
mi -m JBBL w ,or«c .sot Nervoui Debility are
\3X .i!.-..n:u-iv cured by PEUJErro L
6FV 'A KLtTH. Give prompt relief to it i
»v so "" i Ila.1 la . falling memory and the waste
V*A*^fl^B anddralnof v ' tal rowers, incurred by
LJsS&fW '"Jiscretiona or excesses of ear'.y years -
.„ •-■■ Impart viproraiirt potency to every fund
tiosi. Brace up the system. Give >®v bloom to the •
cheeks and lustre to the eye« of /^TVo-ini- or old f
One Me box renews vital enemry.K>loJo boxes ■£'!
*2. 60 a complete guaranteed cure hMor money ret \
funded. Can be carried in vest Vjlf i) ,-lict Sn 1
• everywhere. or mailed in. plain wrapper on reeeint if I
Vrice by THE PKKFKtTO CO., t'irt«.. Hid?., Chicago lilf ■
to 80 by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin PharmacyTHE CALL AND THE NEW YORK HERALD
AUTOMOBILES TO
COLLECT MAILS
I his Proposition Now
Being Considered.
MAY REPLACE OLD WAGONS
MUCH TIME COULD BE SAVED
WITH NEW APPLIANCES.
Ceneral Greely Expects to Use the
Horseless Carriages in Im
portant Experiments in
Wireless Telegraphy.
Ppeeia I ■ The Call.
'i NEW YORK, June 2*.— Automobiles
jfiay by th- 1 PostnfTice Depart
■Xnerr mail In Washington. A
n to do so is now under con
. tfon by the department. It is be
use of electric carriages will
•he service, expedite
: mall and lessen the
irk. At present wagons
ployed to col
in the business Bection. As
received th< y are sorted
■ «i as many as can
■. destined for p< ints out
t f the city are carried to the depot,
when •' ■ d in the fust train,
ill- remainder b>ing taken to the <-.-n
--tral ■ from which point they
are distributed.
The automobile will. It is believed, be
• better Bervice and a special
type of wagon will be obtained for the
purpose. Th< can beNasilv
fed from th electric pla,nt at th«^
and a part of the energy
thus obtained can be utilized for light-
Ing purposes and for operating small
Mnes. The use of these
•he automobiles will re
i. in getting all out-of
town m ill ready for delivery at the sta
;, aye op. the first trains.
Grefly. ehi«f sig
- • o receive in August
the three automobiles which are *
D>- ■• for field work and to conduct ex
lenta in wireless telegraphy. Tw i
of :hf can 1 the third
They have been so constructed
accommodate , the wireless teleg
raphy apparatus, and their use will d<>
- expected, with the necessity
irting batteries In ordinary
• s which are used for the tele-
Hi • .iratus. The power employed
ye the automobiles may also be
for the operation of telegraph in-
The experiments will be
icted in the vicinity of Washing- !
ton. .
CHICAGO TO LICENSE
ALL AUTOMOBILES
CHICAGO, June 28.— Mayor Harrison
lay directed the law department to
ft ah ordinance requiring operators of
mobiles iirni all other vehicles pro
! through the public streets by elec
.>r other mechanical devices to be
It is Intended to subject the ap
:■ pllcenta to rigid examination and to bring
[■ thf operation of horseless carriages un-
A<'T the supervision of the city authori
ties. The proposed ordinance will be In
troduced next week, ;i n«i its immediate
■.■.ill be ad\
One-half of the land in the city of Bos
ton is unoccupied.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" t!i men
2-.-H ■ ¥$ 2.
jzj^ AIIU
Bho'uld study this diagram, for about one per-
son out of every five suffers from heart trouble,
functional or.nrcanlc, and nearly all such suf-
ferers are misled as to the true nature of the
• malady until destructive, changes have taken
piare. The early symptoms of HEART DIS-
EASE are very misleading, and the patient
usually suspects nervous trouble, stomach
trouble or some other disorder, when In reality
It is most serious heart disease that Is slowly
and surely approaching. This fatal error may
be avofded by ■ careful study of the following:
Early symptoms of heart disease are periodi-
cal headaches (Fig. 1), flushing of cheeks or
faoe upon slight exertion (Fig*. 2-3), fluttering
; of " heart—pa lpitation 4), weakness of
• limbs at times (Fig. 5-5). shortness of breath
upon- slight exertion, Irregular pulse, smother-
Ing spells, tendency to faint and pain in side.
■ It Is gratifying to know that a positive and
' pern,a-nent cure for heart disease has been
round. The remedy Is HUDTAN. 98*0
1 •..-.-■-•- - ' :.; .a. HUpTAN corrects
'•T "~ w _._, T all the above symp-
] MEN AND torn* for HUDYAN
• I WOMEN I strengthen* the heart
■ ADVISED I and rebuilds the brok-
I : '. FREE. en-down tissues. Men
• Call 'or Write. an<l women from all
I d " or _ vv l^ri > parts of the country
■♦ — " — ■ . have told how HUD-
YAN saved them from an early grave. HUD-
V AN- regulates the heart's action. HUDYAN
Elves tone to the heart muscle.
stomach and liver disorders often cause func-
tonal heart disease. HUDYAN promptly cures.
■A t ■ i > v \S cures are permanent.
™ HUDYAN i" or ! ' ale by druggists, We a
package,- or all packages for $2 50.
it vniir druirelst does not keep HIDTAN,
>~nd direct to ... HUDTAN REMEDY CO..
■7-nVr Stockton. Elite and Market streets, San
: J anclsco, <.:ii. '
'you- May Consult the Hudyan Doctors
/.bout Your Case Free of Charge. Call or
' ■frit*
COLUMBIA AGAIN
BEATS DEFENDER
Race From Brentons
Reef to New London.
SHOWS WINDWARD POINTS
ENTHUSIASTIC OVER EXHIBI
TION OF THE NEW BOAT.
The Weather Was Very Bad, but the
Columbia Floated Like a
Cork on Heavy
Seas.
Eueeial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW LONDON, June 2S.— ln a thir
ty-mile beat to windward to-day, the
new yacht Columbia heat th>' old cup
champion, Defender, eight minutes, be
sides giving her a two-minute handi
cap. Yachtsmen from New York and
hereabouts are jubilant, for the yacht's
Bterling qualitie must come out in a
race to windward. The race was from
Brentons Reef Lightship, off Newport,
to New London, a good thirty-eight
miles. The Defender was given a two
minute start. Thirty-two miles "f the
long stretch of water was a beat t"
windward, with bu< b a stiff breeze
blowing that neither yacht cared to
.any a working topsail, and it was in
this "kind ft' work that the Columbia
pained such a lons lead, averaging
nmn than a quarter of a minute faster
each mile than the Defender. Tha
water was very rough, but the new
boat rode very easily, and did not buffet
tlu- waves as much as the Defender.
A stifl breeze from the southwest kick
ed up quite a squall outside this morn
ing and put white crests on the waves
in tlu- inner harbor. The Defender
hoisted anchor shortly after 10 o'clock
and ran down the east passage under
her jib. Her mainsail was hoisted on
the way out and Captain Rhodes sawed
down as far as Castle Hill to get a look
at the weather outside and knocked
about the bay while awaiting the Co
lumbia.
The crew of the Columbia hauled
anchor at 11:15 o'clock, and she was
towed down as far as Castle Hill,
where the hawser was cast off and the
yacht beat out to sea under three lower
sails. The Defender was inside Bren
tons Reef lightship, loafing along under
a jib and mainsail waiting for her
rival. There was a pretty heavy sea,
and as the two yachts plunged along
clouds of spray were thrown into the
air from under their bows and fell
away to leeward. The weather was
rather threatening at the start and a
light rain compelled the crews of the
two yachts to don thir oilskins. The
showers were not heavy, but lasted
nearly all day. The Columbia ran up
to the Defender rapidly and continued
on the starboard tack until the light
ship was passed. The Columbia ' as at
that time 300 yards to the leeward of
the Defender and half her length
ahead. At 12 o'clock both boats tacked
around the lightship. They continued
along In this stretch for about five
minutes, the Columbia lufling up to
take a haul on the jib halyards. At
12 20 the Defender broke out her stuy
sall and the race was on, with the De
fender to the windward. At 12:30 both
ships tacked to port, heading toward
Point Judith and footing very fast. At
first the Defender gained a tritle, but
as they continued on this hitch the
Columbia crawled up slowly and but
f' r a shift of the wind more to the
south would have crossed the De
fender's bow on the next tack*.
ThTe shift in the wind helped the De
fender considerably and when at 1
o'clock th" Columbia tacked to star
board, about a mile off the Point Judith
whistling buoy, she could have almost
forced the Defender about, but the lat
ter tacked within a hundred feet of the
former under her lee bow. Captain
Barr could not stand having his wind
taken by the Defender long, so he
fetched about at 1:05 and stood up
along shore on the port tack. Then the
Columbia began to gain slowly on the
Defender and at the same time got
into the wind better. In twenty-five
minutes the new boat had worked
across the Defender's bow and was to
the windward of her. With plenty of
wind the Columbia and Defender held
down the shore on the port tack, the
former continuing to gain. Off Noyes
Point, at 2:20, the Columbia was over
half a mile ahead and steadily in
creased her lead and when she finally
came about off the end of Fishers Is
land, the distance between the two was
nearly a mile. At 3:2* the Columbia
took her final port hitch, this time
fetching well by Race Rock. The De
fender held on the starboard tack and
then turned in after the leader. The
boats proceeded up the harbor and
anchored.
PRINCE OF WALES
TO RACE SHAMROCK
LONDON*. June 29. — Tho Daily
Chronicle this morning announcpp that
the Prince of Wales has challenged Sir
Thomas Upton, the owner of the
Shamrock, and that a race will be ar
ranged for the third week of July In
the Solent.
SOUTHAMPTON, June 28.— At low
tide this evening the Shamrock was
apparently aground, with a list to port
of fifteen degre.s.
Will Open the Phoenix Mine.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. June 28.— The. Phoenix
Gold Mining Company has made arranpo-
I ments to begin work upon the Phoenix
! cold mine, located eighteen miles north of
i this city This mine was worked years
' ago and through poor management it was
1 not successful. The ore is of a low grade,
but the veins are large. The mine has not
t,.-.n developed to any depth, the work be
i ing confined to a tunnel, which is run on a
vein exposing a good body of ore. There
is a seventy-stamp mill on the property
and a small cyanide plant, which will be
used in the operation of the mine. Colo
nel William Christy of this city is presi
dent of the company which now controls
' the mine. . i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
FERRY FIGHT
AT SAN PEDRO
C. P. Huntington on the
Losing Side.
DEFEATED AT EVERY TURN
SUCCESS WOULD KILL OTHER
ENTERPRISES.
People. Backed by Judge Stephens,
Appear to Hold Winning Hand
in the Struggle That la
Going On.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AXOELES, June 28.— The con
tention between the Terminal Raihvay
and the Southern Pacific Railroad that
is being fought out at San Pedro, that
In its eTSect seeks to prevent the Hunt-
Ington interests from obtaining a ferry
franchise and a foothold on Terminal
Island, this morning received a new
impetus in the hearing before the
Board of Supervisors. The seaport
town of San Pedro entered the arena
ami jumped with bewildering sudden
ii.ss into the very thick of the Im
broglio and made an unexpected slash
at the Huntington corporation that
proved disastrous to the octopus.
Judge A. M. Stephens, on behalf of
the people of San Pedro, led the cru
sa>!e. In his statements before the.
Supervisors the Judge referred to the
ii gal Features of the case and cited the
law to show that in the event of the
ferry franchise being granted another
terry could not be operated within a
mile above or below, which he asserted
in considering the topographical feat
ures of San Pedro harbor amounted to
handing over to the Southern Pacific
Company an absolute monopoly. He
said further that San Pedro wished to
i | crate a ferry across the bay and is
about to begin proceedings to condemn
a landing place on Southern Pacific
property. The granting of the proposed
franchise would, lie nUd, Interfere with
this project.
"This ag.-," Judge Stephens said, "is
supposed to be fighting monopolies, not
fostering them. This franchise would
absolutely exclude any other ferry,
even a free one. Another could not be
granted unless the grantee owned the
landing places."
Opposing counsel regarded the grant
ing of this franchise a,s one of a public
character.
"I do not," replied Stephens. "I
should not consider It public unless it
were open to all the public all the time.
I think that a ferry operated for the
benefit of the passengers of one par
ticular railroad could not be considered
as public."
The efforts of the San Pedro people
availed and thf hearing was set over
until Friday. So far in these many
contests for this franchise the Hunting- j
ton effort has at every stage been de
feated.
FAVORED BY LOWNDES.
Maryland's Governor Will Attend the
Anti-Trust Conference.
AUSTIN. Tex., Juno 2S.— Governor J. D.
Savers to-day received a letter from Gov
ernor Lowndes of Maryland on the sub
ject of the proposed anti-trust conference
of Governors and Attorney Generals to be
held in St. Louis September 20. He says:
"I am impressed with the importance of
thp proposed conference for the purpose
of taking into consideration the effect
upon the business Interests of the country
fmm the formation of trusts and to de
vise, if possible, a line of legislation to
remedy the evils which It Is generally
conceded have resulted from such comb
inations. I hope to be present at the
conference with Attorney General Gai
ther."
WHY DREYFUS HAS NOT
YET BEEN LANDED.
Rennes, Where Dreyfus Will Be Tried.
LONDON, June 29.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily News says: An
official of. the Navy Department tells
me that the Sfax, which is bringing
Dreyfus back from Devils Island, has
been kept going to and fro like a phan
tom ship. It would never have done to
land DrevfUA until the Ministry was well
KRUGER INSISTS
ON ARBITRATION:
• Says It Is Essential to i
Any Settlement.
CONTINUES PLANS FOR WAR
HE IS BUYING PROVISIONS
AND NEEDED MATERIAL.
+
Orange Free State Makes Sugges
tions for a Compromise Be
tween the Transvaal and
Great Britain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 28.— The Johannesburg j
correspondent of the Standard says:
! "President Kruper. ft Is understood here,
j persists In his demand for arbitration as |
an essential condition of any settlement. !
In the meantime the Transvaal continues
buying provisions and war material, and !
it has arranged with the Netherlands
Hallway Company to have absolute con- i
trol of the railway lines in the Orange
: Free State in the event of war."
The Pall Mall Gazette says It has dis- ;
i covered in London two members of the :
I Clan-na-Gael In the T'nited States who '
| are en route to the Transvaal and trying
• to enlist money and men in support of ■
; the Boers.
PRETORIA, June 28.— The conference
between President Kruger and Fischer, a :
! memher of the executive council of the
! Orang>- Free Staff, who was the bearer
i of compromise suggestions from the Free j
, State in the matter of the disputes I>< -
tween the Transvaal and Great Britain,
'■ has been concluded. The general im- I
, pressjon is that Fischer's mission has
been successful. He afterward conferred
! with Conyngham Green, the British dip- ;
lomatlc agent here.
CAPE TOWN. June 2v— A meeting of
four thousand loyalists under the presi
dency of the Mayor of ("ape Town was
■ held here this evening and adopted with
the greatest enthusiasm resolutions sup
porting Sir Alfred Milner, Governor Gen- ;
era! of the colony, and British High Com- j
I mlssloner In South Africa. In his recent !
negotiations with President Kruger. and
thanking the Canadians and Australians
| for their offers of assistance. An immense
overflow meeting was also held.
Right Hon. Sfr John Gordon Snrisri?
former Prenil.M <-,f the colony, aadr*ao«d
: the meeting, declaring that unless Sir Al
! Fred Milner was absolutely supported
i there was danger that the Cape Colony
' would secede from the empire. He ri<>
! clared himself convinced that Great Brit
i am was solidly behind the Imperial Sec
! retary of State for the Colonies, Joseph
Chamberlain, whose recent speech before j
the Unionists of Birmingham. England.
dealing with the Transvaal problem, he
warmly commended.
JAMES DIER HAS FLED.
Disappearance of the Woodchopper
Suspected of Killing Lorraine.
SAN RAFAEL. June 2S.— James Dif>r.
who was recently arrested on suspicion
of murdering old "Pete-" Lorraine in Car
son Canyon, tlio "Blaok Hole of Marin,"
has managed to evade the vigilance of
Doputy Sheriff Charles Allen, and has
fled the country. Di^r was recently re
leased because the evidence against him
was nol strong enough to convict as long
as lAjrrafne's body remained undiscov
ered.
He was placed under the charge of
Deputy Sheriff Allen and permitted to re
sume his work on Laguitas Treek. John
Enos came to town to-day and Informed
hherlff Taylor that Dler had taken his
belongings and lied late last evening. This
;,ct i 1 Dier has convinced the authorities
more firmly than ev*r of the man's guilt,
and no effort will be spared to apprehend
and bring him back. The search for the
missing man's body will also be actively
resumed.
Reconstructing Yuba's Courthouse.
MARYSVIL.L.E, June 2S.— The work of
reconstructing the Yuba City Court
house, destroyed by fire two months ago,
rommenced In earnest this morning.
Contractors have most of the new lum
ber on the site, and by to-morrow will
have a large force of m<n at work.
ln office.
RENNES, June 25.-The official list of
the composition of the Dreyfus court
martial, which Is to assemble ln the Army
Service building for the re-trial of the
prisoner, is aq follows: President, Colo
nel Jouaust; Major Brongniast, artillery;
Major de Breoru arUUery; Major I'roliici.
CROKER'S FIGHT
AGAINST SHEEHAN
Office - Holders Have
Been Threatened.
PRIMARY LAW VIOLATED
DISTRICT ATTORNEY WILL BE
ASKED TO ACT.
If He Does Not Governor Roosevelt
May Be Requested to Remove
the Derelict Official
From Office.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 2S.— The fight be
-1 tween the Croker and Sheehan forces has
| become so bitter, it was learned yester
| day, that the legal machinery of the
| county may be invoked to see that both
' sides have fair play.
It is openly asserted by Mr. Sheehan's
friends that they are being threatened
i with removal from office unless they join
! in an effort to depose him as Tammany
■ leader in the Ninth Assembly District.
The same methods, it is added, are being
resorted to by Croker men in other dls
i trict*. where the fight is on.
Vnder the corrupt practices act, as it
1 now stands, it is a crime to attempt to
! dictate the action of a voter In a primary
election by using influence either for or
against t hat voter with those who control
the city departments. Mr. Shechan's
i friends declare that this is being done so
I openly, however, that they feel compelled
I to invoke the prosecuting power of the
j county to interfere.
If colonel Gardiner as District Attor
ney refuses or fails to prosecute the com
; plaints that will be made against Tam
i many officeholders and leader- it is :is
! Betted positively that Governor Roose
velt will be asked, to remove the District
Attorney for neglect of duty.
Friends of Mr. Sheehan are actively en
gaged in the work of obtaining docu
mentary evidence against Tammany lead
; ers and' office-holders. It is their purpose,
I learned yesterday, to prepare for the
Grand Jury's consideration affidavits of
many persons who declare they were or
dered to join in the fight against Mr.
Sheehan's friends under penalty of being
dismissed from public service if they fail
ed U> do so.
SHOT BY HIGHBINDERS.
SAN JOSE, June 28.— 1n a battle with
highbinders in Chinatown about midnight
Deputy Sheriff Bache was shot in the left
side and severely wounded.
Late last evening word came to the
' Sheriff's office that a party of highbinders
had enme down from San Francisco for
the purpose of killing Lee On Poon, the
president of the Sing tong. Sheriff Lang
ford with Deputies Anderson and Bache,
went to Chinatown and secreted them
selves ln Lee On Poon's house.
When the highbinders arrived they en
tered the house by means of an alley and
I when they caught sight of the officers and
Lee On Poon they opened nre. In an m
j stant the lights in the place went out and
' a fusillade followed in the darkness, the
■ highbinders finally dispersing. Rlood
; stains where they stood showed that some
I were wounded. One was seen to fall be
fore the lights went out. Later five rhi
nese were /arrested on suspicion. Tney
! are believed to be part of the gang that
: came from San Francisco.
Does Not Favor Hoarding Gold.
LONDON, June 2S.— Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, addressing the London merchants
and bankers to-nlßht. paid thac although
some alarm was expressed that the.
world's market for gold had passed from
Great Britain to the United States and
Russia, he did not acquiesce in the sug I
pestion that steps be taken to accumulate
and hoard gold in Great Britain.
Indictment of an Attorney.
SAN JOSE, June 28.— This afternoon the
Grand Jury found an indictment for em
bezzlement of funds of the Faull estate
against S. B. Terrill, an attorney. Four
other indictments for forgery and em
bezzlement had previously been returned,
and he is now in jail awaiting trial.
artillery; Major Merle, artillery; Captain
Parfait, artillery; Captain Beauvais, ar
tillery.
All the members of the court-martial
have passed through the Polytechnic
School.
Mme. Dreyfus arrived here to-day.
There was no demonstration on the part
vi the inhabitants.
WILL FULLY TEST
SARANELI'S SERUM
Louisiana Health Board
to Use It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Through the !
agency of the Herald experiments of
world-wide interest will be made in this
country with Dr. Giuseppe Saraneli's
serum for prevention and cure of yel
low fever — experiments the usefulness
of -which are doubly great from the
standpoint of the United States now i
that it is necesary to keep American
troops in islands where yellow fever
may be a greater menace than a hos- i
Mle army.
The Herald received some days ago j
a cable dispatch from Count Malherbe, ;
Russian Consul at Montevideo, who !
has acquired Saraneli's serum, and
offered to the Herald 300 or more bot- I
ties of it to be used in experiments in :
Louisiana with a view to having its
properties subjected to a test under
proper auspices, and in hope that the
great claims made for the serum might
be justified and great benefit conferred
upon the world at large.
Realizing the importance of the mat- ;
ter the Herald at once accepted Count
Malherbe's offer and communicated in j
turn with the Louisiana State Board
of Health.
Dr. Edmond Souchon. president of j
that board, it is said, will accept the
serum and use it when an opportunity i
affords. He does not believe, however, !
that yellow fever is a great menace i
this summer, and that if the fever
does break out there may be a diffi- I
culty in properly testing the serum's I
efficiency, since he regards it as a pre- |
ventive only. Nothing would be
proved in case the patient to whom it \
was administered escaped the scourge. !
In view of the importance of losing no
chance to enter upon experiments I
which might prove of priceless value, I
he says the board for which he speaks :
will undertake the work.
When Surgeon General Wyman of i
Washington was interviewed by a i
Herald reporter regarding the use of
the Saraneli discovery as a protection \
against and cure for yellow fever he !
expressed great interest. As to the effi- !
cacy of the serum he does not feel at
liberty to speak in advance of the Yel
low Fever Commission appointed by
the President, consisting of two bac- i
teriologists of the Marine Hospital ser- I
vice, who have just completed their i
work and are now preparing their re- j
ports.
Eights of Way Deeded.
MARYSVILLE, June 28. — James
O'Brien. S. M. Call. John Walsh. T. W.
Peckham, W. F. Foster and Gus Nie
mann have deeded rights of way to the
Yuba ElecuMc Power Company over their
fcothill lands.
Grand Jury Report Circulated.
MARYSVILLE, June 28.— One thousand
copies of the report of the Grand Jury
of Yuba County have been printed and
are being distributed throughout the
county at the expense of the Taxpayers"
League, a reform organization.
Cyrus Wakefield in Distress.
LONDON*. June 28.— The ship Cyrus
Wakefield, from New York for San Fran
cisco, put into Stanley Islands June 18,
slightly damaged, and it was reported
that Captain Henry, who had sailed in
her, was dead.
OBDONTUNDER! |
_• • i
ill If l W VTP f\
iP *' . meat of Teeth. 5^ •• g
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity. :'
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly <
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have giver, universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some- .
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no "
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been '
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate I
people on file in our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, bo you may be protected-
against these fakers. For the purpose of introducing our painless dentistry we i
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR '90
DAYS, commencing June 17; t
EXTRACTION. 250: CROWNS. 92.00 to $1O.OO; '
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, sOe; PLATES, 9.1.00 to 912.50; ' ■
FILLINGS, 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK, $3.00 per Tooth. i
DR. R. L. WALSH, 8152 GEARY ST., Bet. Hyde and Larkin. .
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ADVANCE
GUARD OF
TEACHERS
One Delegation From Colo
rado Has Arrived at
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June 2S.— The advance
guard of the thousands of teachers and
others interested in educational matters
who are coming to this city to attend the
Nation?! Educational Association's con
xni: -<1 ltj -na.. .
The delegation which arrived consisted
of 125 people, principally teachers of th^
schools of Colorado Springs and Pueblo,
Col. They comprise about half of th«
Colorado delegation. Professor H. S.
Phillips of the Logran School of Denver
was in charge of the delegation. Tho
train consisted of five Pullman tourist
coaches. One of the coaches was dropped
at Santa Fe. N. ML, for a side trip, and
will arrive here to-morrow.
Tho remainder of the Colorado delega
tion is expected to arrive here to-morrow
also by way of the Southern Pacific route,
cutting off at Sacramento and coming di
rectly here.
The train which arrived to-day was met
at San Bernardino by a delegation from
the Chamber of Commerce of this ctty
and arrangements completed for their en~
tertainment.
The trip was made without incident and
the members of the party enjoyed greatly
the ride over mountain and plain.
During the convention the city is to he
decorated in a lavish manner lnmuch the
same artistic and effective manner as "it
has been during the annual Fiesta de Lo;s
Angeles. .:'•
Delegations are to meet each incoming
train bearing delegates at the depots, and
distribute among: them fruits and flowers,
and accord them a hearty welcome.
The city h;ts been canvassed and. a
generous fund raised, which is placed in
the hands of the Chamber of Commerce
and a special National Educational: Asso
ciation Committee, for the entertainment
of the visitors during their stay here.
The Colorado delegation will open head
quarters at the Hotel Westminster. Pro
fessor Phillips, the Colorado State Direc
tor of the National Educational Associa
tion, will make a hard pull to have the
next convention held in Denver.
GOEBEL HELD UPPER
HAND TO THE LAST
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 28.— The Dem
ocratic State Convention adjourned to
night after nominating the following
ticket:
Governor, William Goebel of Kenton
County.
Lieutenant Governor. J. C. W. Beckham
of Nelson County.
Secretary of State, Breck Hill of Clay
County. '• •
Attorney General, Judge R. G. Breck
enridge of Boyle Counfy.
Auditor, Gus Coulter of Graves County.
Treasuier, Judge S. W. Haeger of Boyd
County.
Commissioner of Agriculture, I. B. Nail
of Louisville.
Commissioner of Public Instruction, H.
V. McChesney of Livingston County.
William Goebel dominated to-day's pro
ceedings, as he has those of every day
since the convention began.
Fire on Victoria Island.
STOCKTON, June 28.— Fire on Victoria
Island this morning destroyed a large
ham on the Woodward ranch, together
with about fifteen tons of hay and twenty
head of horses. The animals belonged to
Chinese who were farming the land.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
34
ALGER DIDN'T OWN
THE MATCH STOCK.
But He'd a Large Block as Se
curity, Which) Caused
a Lawsuit.
WASHINGTON, June 2S.— Secretary Aider's declaration that he
never owned a dollar of stock in the Diamond Match Company Is tech
nically correct, but that he was largely Interested in the company and
took an active part in its organizatfon is shown by the record of the
case of David M. Richardson against Christian H. Buhl and Russell
A. Alger, which was decided in thi* Michigan Supreme Court ten years
ago. Richardson brought suit to restrain Messrs. Buhl and Alger
from selling stock of the Diamond Match Company, held by them as se
curity. In the lower courts the defendants were directed to restore the
stock to Richardson and pay him a balance of $35,219 25. In the Su
preme Court the decree was reversed and the case dismissed. Chief Jus
tin- Sherwood, in announcing the decision of the court, recited a complete
history of the transactions which led up to the suit. He showed that In
1879 Richardson owned or controlled all the stock of the Richardson
Match Company, located in Detroit. Th<' plant had been idle for sixteen
months; The capital stock of the company was $75,000, divided into
3000 shares.
CHINESE TAKEN
AS HOSTAGES
German Officers Fear a
Breach of Faith.
Special Dtspetch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. June 28.— News was
brought by th. steamers Glenogle and
T rtar, which arrived from the orient
this morning., of a high-handed ruse per
petrated by the officers of the itlis at
Jlhchao to obtain hostages, so as to in
sure the settlement of the Stenz outrage
In that city.
The Chinese Government having guar
anteed th<> Germans in Bhang Tung from
further attacks, the Governor of Tsing
tao decided to recall his troops at Jih
ohao, whither they had been specially
Bent to obtain satisfaction for the attack
on St. nz and the punishment of the cul
prits concerned. Thi? not having been
done, ;:. was determined to take hostages
prior to the departure of the troops,
with this in view, Captain yon Falken
hayn, commanding the German detach
. asked the local mandarin to ar
g for him with the princi
pal literary- ami business men of the city.
This was accordingly done and the time
fixed for the meeting was the 25th of May,
at ll o'clock, un the morning of that day
rerman gunboat Itlis came over from
Tsingtao and anchored off the harbor of
Jlhchao and immediately all the baj
and Impediments of the troops were em
barked on tho gunboat, the men them
selves remaining on shore to await fur
ther developments.
When Captain yon Falkenhayn met the
Chinese, he asked them what they ln
tended to do about the Stem rase. As
itlsfactory answer could be obtained,
Captain yon Falkenhayn informed them
that he would tak-- five of their number
with him to Tsingtao as hostages. The
consternation which this declaration
l was very great ai 1 they with one
rd rose up against • man
darin, accusing him of being privy t" this
breach of faith; but apparently n
was more astonished at this result of the
conference than the mandarin himself.
H< .■ once begged of Captain yon Falk
enhayn to take him ti Tsingtao instead
of the live hostages, but waa promptly
refuse,!.
When at lasi the Chinese saw that the
• i'minn officer was in earnest. They sub
mitted with *ii. best trace they could and
went on board the Itlis • escort
'■f tiie troops. Jn the meantime the news
jot to the families of the five host
the former brougm money and
provisions for the latter to take with
them to Tsingtao. The [tils th. ;i weighed
anchor and Bteamed back to Tsingi
PUTTMAN ATTEMPTS
TO END HIS LIFE
Slayer of John Showers Cuts His
Throat With a Razor While
Awaiting Sentence.
SACRAMENTO, Jun< 28. George Putt
man, who murdered John Showers In Fol-
Bom Prison, while being shaved this
ni'irrilng, preparatory to being taken Into
court to hear the death sentence pro
nounced upon him. seiz-d the razor from
the man who was shaving him. sprung to
bis feei and waving it in the air com
man'ii'i him to stand back.
Puttman thon deliberately walked to a
mirror in the iail corridor and drew the
razor across his throat, cutting a fright
ful pash and laying the jugular v> in b.tr>.
Help was Immediately forthcoming, .md
Puttman was seized and forced into a
chair, li waa found by the doctors, who
were on the ground within a few minutes
after the occurrence, that the cut, while
very severe, bad not severed the jugular
vein and the condemned man would re
cover.
The matter of passing sentence upon
Puttman was continued until next Satur
day.
Marysville Friends Invited.
MAKYSVJI.LK. June 28.— The Marys
ville friends of Mrs. Jesse O. Goodwin,
now Mrs. Mary E. Wadsworth, have re
ed Invitations t'> attend the marringo
of that lady and Comte AJttert de Rolle
bot, which will be solemnized at Millie
Memorial Baptist Church, Lansingburgh,
N. V., to-morrow. The bride-elect is a
vocalist of no mean ability, tx-ir.K knu«vn
to the stage tts Hme. Marie Godinl.
Concerts for Marysville.
MARYSVTLLE. June »— The manapor
and secretary of the Marj'sviHa brass
li;ind are circulating a subscription list
iim.inK the business men and citizi na
generally to raise ;i fund that will Insure
weekly open air concerts during the sum
mer months.
Senior Class Hop.
MARYSYTI. !.K. June 2>.— The senior
class of the Marysville High School will
give a social hop in Hopktnn' Hall Fri
day evening In honor of the close of
school.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
if TRADE-MARK \
1 lAIN I
The FINEST GIN
Imported.
. , Especially Adapted for Family Use
. And Medicinal Purposes.
IN LARGE SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES.
■ ' . Annexed Trade ark Appears on
. Cap and is Blown in on Shoulder.
Bold by Oroocrß and J>a!»ra.
Beware of Fllled-TTp jßottles.
X
CHARLES MEIJ>TI!CICE * CO..
' lot* Asenta, 114 Sacramento Street, S. F.
READY FOR THE
EPWORTH LEAGUE
Lavish Preparations at
Santa Rosa.
Special Pispatrh to The Call.
BANTA ROSA. June 28.— A1l prr-para
tinns have bc-en completed fnr the recep
tion of the delegates who will arrive here
to-morrow night from all over the State
to attend the State convention of Kpworth
Leaguers of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South. Fully 500 visitors are ex
pected to be present and the work of pre
paring for their coming has kept a bevy
of young: people busy for several weeks.
The reception to be tendered the dele
prates to-morrow nigrht will be an elab
orate affair. Mayor James S. Sweet will
deliver the address of welcome on behalf
of tho city and the response will bo made
by Nathan Newby of Loa Angeles. Rev.
James Cope, president of the Ministerial
Union, will also deliver an address and
G. J. Reading will make a few remarks
on behalf of the City I'nion of Young
People's Societies. Hampton Mathews.
president of the Santa Rosa Epworth
League, will follow with a welcome from
the league Itself.
The sessions of tne convention will be
held in the mornings only, nnd at the
Fifth-street M. E. Church South, a large
and commodious structure. The mam
auditorium is now being decorated lav
ishly in white and gold, the regular league
colors. The first regular business session
will be held on Friday morning and the
convention will hold over Friday, Satur
day, Sunday and Monday. Monday after
noon the regular annual election of offi
cers will take place.
The City Union of Young People's So
cieties has undertaken the work of provid
ing for the entertainment of all regularly
qualined delegates. Many private fami
lies have volunteered to assist in tho
matter and the hotels have also done their
part. Several of the delegates have al
ready arrived. Among those who have
been especially aotlve in handling the
arrangements are: Miss Hattie Austin
State vice president; Miss Madge Jack
man Miss Minnie Livingston, Hampton
Mathews, Miss Maggie Parsons (; J
Reading, M's.-^ Alice Austin, Mr. and Mis.
Marvin T. Vaughan and, in fact, the en
tire » :ity I'nion.
Following is the completed programme
of the convention's work as mapped out
by the general committee:
Thursday evening, Juno 29— Public
reception to delegates; address of w-■!
--come, Mayor J. S. Sweet; music; ad
dress in behaif of the Ministerial
Union of Santa R"s ;l by the president;
address on behalf of City Union of
Young People's Societies. G. J. Read
ing; music; address on behalf of Santa
Rosa Epworth League, Hampton
Mathews: music; response, Nathan
Newby, State president; social hour.
Friday morning— Song service, Mrs.
M. T. Vaughan; communion; rolkall;
appointment of committees. After
n—Song service, Minnie McKnight;
papers; ••China," Young J. J. Ailen,
1'.1J.; "Korea, 1 (music by Chinese
students), Mrs. J. P. Campbell;
''Mexico/* Rev. D. P. Watkins; "Home
Mission Work," Mrs. R. K. Hargrove;
"Brazil," (music, Japanese, by YV. A.
Davis and wife). Rev. H. C. Tucker;
"Cuba," Rev. G. N. McDonnell; ad
dress "Japan," W. A. Davis. Even
ing-Song service, Louella Williams;
sermon, Rev. Claude M. Davenport.
Saturday morning— Song service—
\ irga lia?ham; department round
tabk-s; devotional, conducted by Min
nie McKnight. Outline: 1. How shall
we attract the young people? 2. How
may we improve our meetings? 3.
Ja;l and hospital mot-tings. 4. Dis
semination of missionary information.
6. The missionary assessment. . .Lead
ers: Madge Jackman, Mrs. Belle Lee
Sollie Barrett, Rev. will Acton, Rev.
W . P. Andrews, Rev. J. E. Squires,
Nathan Newby, S. H. Dismukes, Mer
cie A. Tucker, Samuel W. Brown.
Charity and help, conducted by Mrss
Hattie Austin. Outline: 1. Helping
the poor of the church. 2. The
Stranger within our gates. 3. The good
s.unaritan. 4. The beneuts that accrue
to the league, which engage in
charity and help work. Leaders:
Minnie Livingston. Mac Laughlln Mrs.
Z. J. Ncfcdham, Mrs. W. W. Brunk.
Literary, conducted by Horace N.
Caldwell. Outline: 1. Circulation of
league literature. 2. Purchase of tha
reading course. 3. Study of the read
ing course. 4. Study of tho authorized
readings. 5. Time, place and manner
of holding literary meetings. 6. The
league social from the literary meet
ing or combined with it. 7. Literary
work outside the authorized work. 8.
Relation of this department to the
nth< r departments, ft. Results to be
obtained from this work to the chap
ter, to the individual. readers: .
Midge Jackman. Lulu Sheiton, Grace
M. Williams, E. W. Lindsay, E. W.
Jeerson, Sallie Barrett. Junior
league, conducted by Eleanor M. Y'ear
gin. General topics: 1. How to man
age a Junior league. 2. The constitu
tion. 3. The duties of a superin
tendent. 4. Relation of Junior league
to senior. B. Book and other aids
recommended. Department of wor
ship—l. How to secure good
sfnging. 2. How to secure good
attendance. 3. How to interest'
small children. 4. How to teach
small children to pray. 5. How to
teach children to talk. 6. The use of
topic cards. Department of practice -
1. What can the children do in this de
partment? 2. How to raise the mis
sionary fund. Department of enter
tainment. Saturday afternoon— Song
service, Loueila Williams; reports
from round tables; devotional, Minnie.
McKnight; charity and heln, Hnttle
Austin; literary. Horace N. Caldwell;
Junior league, Mrs. Mary M. Davis;
discussion. Evening— Music; invoca
tion. Rev. P. T. Ramsey; "Investment
of Influence a Critical Study," Ethel
Pooge; vocal solo. Alice Bumbaugh:
"Influence of Books," Mercle A. Tuck
er; piano solo, Mrs. J. P. Berry; "The
Relation of a Book to Its Reader."
Madge Adams; vocal solo, Adelaide
Rutledge; recitation, Mrs. Louis
Meyer; vocal solp, Mrs. W. S. Gill;
"Literature an Uplift." C. L. Story;
chorus, "Recessional," (Kipling), Da
Koven.
Sunday morning— Sunday school,
9:45; sermon, 11. Rev. H. W. Knicker
bocker. Afternoon— Mass meeting of
Juniors, 3:30. Evening— Senior League
and love feast. 6:30. led by Rev. Will
Acton: sermon. 8, Rev. T. F. Betts.
Monday morningr— Snng service; re
ports from officers and committees.
Afternoon— Song service; election of
officer?. Evening— Address, Rev. L. A.
Green; unfiroken circle; benediction.
Candidates for Goddess.
WOODLAND. June 2S.— The leading can
didates for Goddess of Liberty are Miss
Agnes Breen, Miss Kate Bpntloy, Mlsa
Eva Canwell and Mtss Allah Jacobs. They
are all closely bunched.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
FIRE AT VERDE
COPPER WORKS
Thousands of Tons of
Coke Are Burning.
BUSINESS IS SUSPENDED
EVERYBODY TURNED OUT TO
FIGHT THE FLAMES.
Power-House and Machinery Are
Safe, but the Smelter Will Close
Down Indefinitely Owing
to Loss of Fuel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JEROME, Ariz., June 28.— The fire In
; the Tinted Verde Copper Company's
works is still burning fiercely to-night.
I It is now confined to the large stores of
I coke, amounting to over a thousand tons.
i The company's mine and other works
have been shut down all day, every avail
able man fighting the fire to stay furthrr
progress and keep it under control. On©
en<l of the trestle in the railroad com
pany's yards caught fire and was par
tially destroyed before it could b>? ex
• tinguished. Several freight cars and con
tents were also destroyed before they
could be moved. A gang is now hard at
work endeavoring to save the railroad
depot and other buildings to the west
i of it.
The reverheratory building is continu
j ally catching fire, but by dint of hard
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY CO.,
: Lessee of San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway Company.
! THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.
Special Rates
FOR THE
Fourth of July.
On Sunday, Monday and Tuesday,
July 2, 3 and 4.
Round trlD tickets will be sold from San
Francisco to all points north of San Rafael at
the rate of
ONE SINGLE FARE,
AS FOLLOWS
Petaluma $1 00 Lytton %2 40
Santa Rosa 1 Geyserville 2 55
j Sebastopol 1 SO Cloverdale 3 00
| Guernevllle 2 50 Uopland 3 80
; Windsor 1 9.'. fklah 4 50
Healdsburg  2 2:. Sonoma 1 00
Glen Ellen II 20
RETURN LIMIT WEDNESDAY, July 6, 1599.
, On FRIDAY, June 30. and SATURDAY, July 1,
Round trip tickets will bo sold from San
Fiancisco to all points north of
San Rafael
AT THE FOLLOWING REDUCED RATES:
I'etaluma JloOiLytton $3 00
Santa Rosa 2 25|Geyservllle 3 85 \
Sebastopol 2 70 Cloverdale 4 50 !
Guerneville 3 75 Sonoma l 50 |
Windsor 2 95 Glen Ellen 1 SO |
j Healdsbun? 3 40iHopland 5 00
I Ukiah $5 00
RETURN LIMIT WEDNESDAY. July 5. 1599.
1 For further information apply at ticket office,
650 Market street, Chronicle buildinpr, or Tibu-
ron ferry, foot •of Market street. General
! office, Mutual Life building. 222 Sansome street.
H. c. WHITING, General Manager.
! K. A. RTAN, Gen'] Passenger Agent.
KNIiJ-INBGD.
103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
A Buy From Headquarters.
M BATHING
1 Alpaca and QUITO
mm Knitted. OUI I 0
op/ Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc.
£&$ »C ' We knit to order
mV a UNDERWEAR
*8p ffik>«j>* In Silk, Wool and Linen
&^3;!a* Mesh.
Bend for Illustrated Catalogue, Free.
Hotel Empire
' BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature ha»
lust been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
D RATES MODERATE.
American European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated."
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great!
OF ANATOMY)
A Ch 1051KABMIST.t8t.6±*7th,6.r.Csl. i
\ Or The L* r e st An»tomic»l Museum in the \
A -.^jfe-. World. Weaknesses or any contricted M
T jsjjjrS[3 disrate po»i«l»«*ly f-uredby the oldest T
© I 5 SI Kpecialiit on the Co»tu Est. 36 year*. Q
A jf*y OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
X y^S5^S Connultation free and strictly private \
Q X YSvW' B TrrStment personally or by letter. A m
\R If MR fotitnt Cure ln every case undertaken. T
Am I 111 < "i-ff-ii .k.rßii.osoi-uVori
W' II 11 1 " M * l * lllA<illi: ' MAILED FREB. |Af
\ fl IX valuable bonk for nirn) \
V »K. JORDAN A V.0., 1051 Market St., S. F. f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, , Invigorator and Ncr- i
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. • Sells on Its own Merits.
NABKR, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
223 Market street, S. ■ F.— (Send for Circular.)
gSlgpK- HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
MM** MH Five hundred reward for any
U■■ - "Th case we cannot cure. This secret
m_ — ,Ja remedy stops all losses In 24
JS§3 I^Jffl hour*, cures Emissions, Impo-
TuVi Chut tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
fAay \it*A Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
|pB3 BMByj Manhood and all wasting effect*
C— — — -— .'' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. tl bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure case. Address HALL'S MEDICAX. IN-
eTITUTBL 865 Broadway, Oakland. CrJ. Also
for sal* at 1073 Vi Market st. S. F. Ail prlvatt
i (H»fiiet aulckiy cured. Bend tor tn% book. :
work it is as rapidly extinguished. It is
budly damaged, but will probably be
saved from total destruction. The power
house and machinery are still safe, but
should a high- wind' arise nothing could
prevent a most disastrous conflagration,
:ls there is little or no water obtainable.
The furniture, books and papers which
were removed from the general oiHee
building last night are being put back
to-night. So far no casualties have been
reported. Business was practically sus
pended to-day. The fire In the coke chute
may not be extinguished for many days.
It will have to burn itself out, as it is
burning from underneath. Owing to tht
loss of coke and other damage the com
pany's smelter will close down indefi
nitely.
There have been more disastrous fires
here, but this is the first that has seriously
nffccte.d the copper company or delayed
work. The loss so far will probably not
Whea requested, the Resorts mantloned in this column will send you circulars, piving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
Fir.all game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths In variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Frp--lsco
via Kopl:-.d. $8; via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
F. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal., or see
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL,
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
Pleasure-Seekers
Seek Vendome.
Hotel Vendome — starting point for
many beautiful drives to interesting
points in Santa Clara County. A
garden of fruir, flowers and trees.
Mount Hamilton visitors make com-
plete • arrangements- for a look at
Lick Observatory. Competent driv-
ers and serviceable rigs at Vendome
Stables.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager,
San Jose, Gal.
Re™
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP. I
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT. .
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information, illusrated folders,
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market st. (Grand
lottsplgs
Sonoma County: only 4*4 hours from San
Francisco and but * miles' staging; waters
noted for meClclnal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer 1 room, telephone, telegraph, dally
i mall and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
15 60. Take Tiburon ferry at T:10 a. m. or 1:10
p. m. Terms. $2 a day er $1! a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four year*.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thi* delightful watering place Is located la
the mld*t of th« Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and eol4
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine «tone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
ticket* at Eouthern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottages. Just,
completed.
MRS. J\. T.MOORE,
BELVi::>EKB.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood.' Santa Cruz County. Cal.)
This fine resort Is from now on open as a
first-class summer and winter resort. For par- j
ticulars apply to the manager. Round trip
only $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND ;
return for $25 cash, by Yosemite and Ray-
mond Carriage Line Limited. Address A. B. j
VAN CAMPEN. Raymond. Cal. I
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT £^"§£4;
and Pine Forests, Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healthful spot. Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties "' fruit. Terms, $7 per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa P. O.
fc-lOT EL, • BENVENUE
And cottages, Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 800 ft. ;
fine bowling alley and ahuffleboard: swimming, i
boating elegant yacht free; children* play- i
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. 4
A. M. SCALES. Proprietor*. ,
THE BOYA RETREAT from QllroyT Spring
water. Hunting." Magnificent location. Good
cheer and. home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dreES MRS. PORTER T. PEAEODY, Gllroy,
Cal. '
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; ■• fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale, Cal. Free
carriage.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. HO
CHARGE OF ANT KIND. . . j
exceed $10,000, which is said to be fully
covered by insurance. Many rumors are
afloat that the entire mine is on fire and
will be a total loss. Anxious inquiries
are being received from many places.
Good Prospects for Crops.
WOODLAND, June 28. — A Knights
Landing special says that fields on the
Sutter side, in which the fy-st crop of
beans, corn and potatoes were destroyed
by the flood waters, have been replanted,
and the outlook for big crops is very
premising. The apple and peach crop
along the river will be very large.
Mrs. Brown Weds.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Mrs. Alice Scott
Brown of San Francisco and Dr. Reginald
Knight Smith of Newburg, Ala., were
: Pass the 4th
: At Paso Robles.
\ You can spend the 4th out of
' ; town for less cost than to stay
\ at home.
1 / Half Fare — First-class ticket,
• v S. F. to Paso Robes and re-
i| turn, $6.20 ; other points pro
Ji rata. Hotel rates reduced to
ij $2 a day. Tickets good + .o go
J' Saturday, Sunday, Monday and
; » Tuesday, returning Wednesday
> or Thursday. Trains leave Third
:( | and Townsen i sts. 9 a.m.; re- j>
(J turning arrive 4:10 p. m. Seat 'J
Ji in Pullman Buffet Car 75c, ,
; / Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office, i[
i[ Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st. !i
Niagara Falls Line.
If you are going to New York, Boston or In-
| termediate points, ask your agent to route you
i via the famous WABASH, NIAGARA FALLS
SHORT LINE, the finest scenic line east of the
Rockies.
j Beautiful DETROIT RIVER. NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEY,
WEST x POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of th» HUDSON RIVHU. BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the Interesting and beautiful sights seen by
i the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash is
| the favorite route of the tourist to the Adlron-
: (lack?. White Mountains and New England sea-
! side resorts, because it is the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for illus-
trated ' and descriptive tours, "Lake and
Sea." R. C. CLINK.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R.,
M-M Los Angeles, Cal.
niniiAn hot SPRING 3. — This
MIB fa? At I \ I I beautiful summer and
■ H Bin I till wln t" resort. now
I lIIIIIIW owned and managed by
! DR. J. PEKRAULT. who aa resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
I 150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
! Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free iron)
i fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
I plunge and "tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: gran.l scenery; lovely
walk* and drives. Special rate* to families oo-
eupylng entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Train* dally
from Third and Townsend' st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven mile* by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip, JB. For further
Information address J. PERRAUI/T. M.D., Pa-
l-also Spring*, or city office, 338 Sutter St.. S. F.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to UKIAH,
thence by easy staging through Blue
Lake Pass. The most picturesque
health resort in California. Round trip
$9.50. Rates— oo, $14 a week.
J. Martens, prop.; city office; 416 Pine st.
££ TIM A \Rv Southern Pacific
iL. \ riM I to 6t * He|ena >
■■■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ I thence over easy
__■%■*■ > road in private
VDDIIUPV I rift-no Btnfte. All
Af KEIIIIA ! in the round-trip
Ul lllllUU 7 ticket for $7.
Apply W. G. MITCHELL. Manager, Aetna
Springs, Napa Co., or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' buiiulng, S. F., telephone, Mint 1535.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILEB FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
i champagne baths. Only place in the world of
, this class of waters having continuous flow of
I natural warm water direct from springs to
i bath tubs, Lv vtly grounds, fishing and hunting.
; Crystal Sprit, :>. Accommodations and table
I fir*t-clas*. 3. -v. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spat to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
j table. Clean beds and careful attention to
, patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
] Truckee, in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it
is clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure
air and pure water. Address MRS. H. M.
! CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
i VALLEY; .now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross .Valley, Marin County, Cal.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT; electric car* to
beach. . MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cruz, Cal.
CIDI CD in- Most beautiful spot in Laks
V>.-U\LJD.4U County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cure* when all else
i failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McQOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottacea; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circular* address U. U. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor. Cal.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rate*
via the "Valley Road" route. : For full par-
| ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Trafflo Dept.,
1 821 Market Bt., Ban Francisco.
i . i
married at noon to-day in "The Little
Church Around the Corner' by Rev Dr.
Houghton. The service was marked by
simplicity. Mrs. Brown is the daughter
of Irving M. Scott, builder of the Oregon
and Dr. Smith is the son of Captain J. W.
C. Smith, who led the Sixteenth Alabama
in the charge of Picketts brigade at
Gettysburg. The newly wedded couple
left this afternoon for Newburg.
WHEELMEN ARE A POWER.
They Dictate the Hours of Street -
Sprinkling at Stockton.
STOCKTON*. June 28.— That wheelmen
are becoming a power to be reckoned with
is evident when they dictate the -hours
streets shall be sprinkled. Tiny have
made decided objection to the practice of
sprinkling streets early in the evening, as
they say it interferes with the evening
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
IH Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina'B won-
' derful attractions. World's records for rod and
; reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
i Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
I The Hotels Metropole and island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
•Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on O. W. THOMP-
SON. Agent, 621 Market St.. San Francisco.
-♦-O-»-O-*C «-C-«~O-»-O ■♦■ O-*O-*O ♦O-»-O-*-O-«-
V ♦
I Take advantage ♦
0 Of the Round-Trip £
♦ Tickets to ♦
6 o
I Hotel del Coronado. ?
j. • o
o Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel; ♦
? if longer, $2.50 a day. °
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st, ?
0 San Francisco. o
♦ ♦
■♦- O -♦ O -♦- O -c- O ■♦■ O -♦- O -♦- O ♦ O -♦■ C ♦■ O ■♦-O -♦• O *-
ti>. piacs for aI? r» v a r> to In th « roOT -
REST and OKCHARD^v^'-
HEALTH SPRINGS £BS&.
i^x xmi vw thoO . P .R .R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water.
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate In California.
, Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad, j
IS6 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet. \
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park. Cal.
«^f™" *  BYRON HOT SPRIINGS
-.«>;ir r riiK ONLY KNOWN
'>- |Ctj ■ cure 'or Rheumatism.
•~.Vr/* ; Business men go Satur-
•*'.Vs£4««.-'- day 5:3() p. m. and art- •
-^ x« ; V in their office 8:45. a. m. '
t' *&Bt •' Monday. Address A. i
■**J s 55 a .S.*" 1 BETTENS, Mgr. Byron !
'■&s,%&?' Hot Springs, Cal.. or j
\*"?T^ LOMBARD & CO., City
,',:y Agency, room 30, 22 V>
Geary St., S. F. ,
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs, Scda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, Bhuffleboard, croquet and other ;
games. Accommodations first-class; table good; j
{9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage !
meets morning trains nnd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENREN, Mark West Springs. Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln st. .
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
Just opened: new building; handsome furni-
ture; 60 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
; commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
! guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
' unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room
' LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S '
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen.
■ Eonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
i (-room cottages; - good boating, tishing and
j hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
' water for all diseases In America; camping
! ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
i C. C. O'Donnell, 1021% Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS. S
J. R. Morris. Prop,, Napa County, Cal. Bnr»
; core for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located In Napa County, 20 mile*
I cast of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains ltu own natural gu.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. ' The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County. Cal.)
' Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
BON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRING^
i TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND i
p. m. • stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; . furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland.. Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $11). DR. W. K. PRa-
THER. Adam Spring.
BOCrt. HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms
pure mountain air: free bo tine on lake-
prices reasonable, . $8 to $10 per week; special
! rates for families. W. J. McDON Man
ager.
YOSFMITF San Francisco to Chl-
-1 VOLITII 1 Li nese by railway
Thence by Lumsden & Co.' coaches 60 miles
to Tosemlte Valley. Round trip .$32. Single
fare. In either direction, $16. J. M HUTCH-
] INGS, Agent. 13 Montgomery st., San Francisco
spins, and the objectors are so numerou^
and influential that Superintendent o~
Streets Belbenstein will call off the carts
and do the dust-laying earlier in the day.
Since the warm weather set in the
cyclists virtually have possession of the
streets after nightfall, and the police seer^
powerless to enforce the ordinance rt^^ /
quiring them to keep off the sidewalks. W
Good Crops in Solano.
SUISUN, June 2S. — Harvesting opera-.
In the Montezuma Hill began this.
week. The best wheat \vi.. average about'
fourteen sacks to the acre, which is con^:
sidered a good average crop. Some barli y
■ h:i; \■st •t! yields over twenty'
sacks to the acre. Grain crops generally
throughout Solano County are turning out
exceptionally good. In the plains district?
easi of Suisun crops arc- the best in years.
There is a large amount of good hay in
this section.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal eamplns: spots all alon* the main
line, Sonoma and GuernevMe branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
j (lessee San Francisco . and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from th« rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco. fBnJR
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
; vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guernevllle
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted ,
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man la
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental,
Guerneville. in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, la
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guernevllle, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will >c
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D. .<
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at j
Guerneville, representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge ,
will show prospective campers the various j
locations.
To and from ell these points double)
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office, 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building ,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN;
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.) . ■
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraißo Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated — new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The/
Baths refitted and — competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beimtlfled. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
Itave Third and Townsend sts.. S. F., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gllroy Hot Springs; Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
BANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort: cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Ca!.
■ PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stag* line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and •
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County,' or •
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par- .
ticulars. r "■■:••
.BLUE LAKES HOTEL r. '
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner. ■ th one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 50. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah: thence by
stage. Address J. WIL' ON. . Bertha. L ak ,
County. Cal. • . •
MONTE VISTA,
In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now open.
Come to the country for the summer. Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN
Proprietor, Monte Vista. Dutch Flat, Placer
County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Eonoma Valley, two hours from S. P.', via Tlb-
uron f«rry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
112 pet week. }2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
enta Spring*. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co., Cal.
n r p r e - TOCALOMA. **{»«
BERTRAND First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; ' fishing; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley etc. JOSEPH F. BER- „
TRAND,. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 58 Third st. Sin Francisco. -
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— most delightful •umme*
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from Saa
Francisco. Table under vertonal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor. -
/VIENDENHfILL SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea
stage connects with train at Livermore at 2-15
p. m. ; fare from San Francisco, $2 25; rates
$7 50 to $12 50 per week; half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR
FRANK PITT, Proprietor. Livermore, Cal.
LAUREL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment: none better
In Lake Co. gab Indoors and out.
| H. WAMBOLD.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co., Cal. • -•'
MANZAMTA Station, near Mill Valley — 3 or 4 -
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa. ■
...DO NOT...
Be Without . .
"THE CALL"
During- Your Vacation. '■:__
■ Subscribers to "The Call" visiting the,
country, seaside or. springs during the Sum-
mer months can haye "The Call" sent to them "
for week or longer by prepaying forsam-%
at the Business Office or by order through
career. ' .. •
1 ...TERMS... . -t
15 Cents pen Week
65 Cents per. Month
' v POSTAGE PREPAID. . »FIVE LONG
SHOTS TAKE
DOWN PURSES
Day of Surprises at
St. Louis Races.
SEN SEN, AT 200 TO 1, WINS
LIVADIA SAVES TALENT FROM
. A WATERLOO.
At Sheepshead Bay Byron McClelland
Throws His Rider and Is Killed
by Running Into the -'"
Fence. -»*^*
Special Dispatch to The Pall.
: -. ST. LOUIS. June 2«.— The winning of
.. Livadia in the opening event at the Fair
'Grounds to-day saved the talent from a
veritable Ware;!,... Five long shots took
down purses, and on one of them. Sen
Sen. as high as 2M to 1 was chalked up
by the bookies. Track fast. Results:
Selling, one milp— Livadia won, Sanßamon
. second. Velore third. Time. I:44'^.
Two-year-old fillies, five furlong!*— Sen Sen
won, ' Sano»lia tectind. Rose Canm third.
Six' furlongs-Ned. Wirkes won. Be True
neco.nd. Harry Floyd third. Time. l:l4*i.
Handicap, six and a half furlonss— App!°
Ja^k won. Found second, Kensington third.
■
One mile— Jimp won. Streamer second. I 'like
nf Ba-i-n third. Time. 1:441;.
Selling, • ope mile — Bwrbee won. Annie Old
field second. Can I See 'Km third. Time, 1:44.
NEW YORK. June 2S.— ThP racing at
Sheepshead Hay • -day was spiritless.
In the only stake on the card, the Tidal,
for thiet-year-'-'ldp. ,I.«»tharli> was the fa
vo.rite.- although Half Time md Filon
dOr wire heavily backed. The start was
jTiimpt and good ami Fjlon dOr and Half
Time went out (.. make the running.
TheyTset a hot pace to the stretch, where
Holf:,Time swerved as they turned and
Filon dOr went on and won as he
In" the fifth race Byron ' McClelland
threw his rider at th( lower turn, made
th< circuit of tho track md then ran Into
the fen>e and drove the rail through his
body; killing himself almost instantly. Re
sults: / ■
Five and a half- furlongs— [nldor won. Cap
tain Sipshee second, laze third. Time. 1:12.
One mile— Grey Jacijues won. Great Neck
Fe.^ond. Andronicus third. Time, 1 44%.
Futurity durse — Sadduccee won. Gulden sec
ond. Montanic third.'. Time. 1:12.
■Tidal, ont- mile— Filon dOr won Lothario
pecond. Half Time third. Time, 1:41 1-5.
. ?elHnp. on" and an -•!--' mll^s— 9atyrift
won. Estaca- second, Miss Patron third. Time,
'"Tie and a sixteenth miles Intrusive won.
Pnuble liummy second. Formero third. Time,
< 'HI"" 1 AGO. June .2S.— Weather at Har
..lerii showery; track fair. Results:
• •
Flvo furlonßs. soiling— Franc;!. won, Talma
' '-.peconJ. Lomond tl:ird. Time, I : «>4 Vi .
<"me and » shlf»mh miles— Semper Ead"m
. won. . Fred Bar second. Chisel third. Time,
Six furloncs— N'ewsgratherer won. Grazlella
.second. Pauline .1 th4rd. Time. 1:1414.
One 1 mile and seventy yards— Hugh Penny
won. Kk-bart Fecon.J. Amelia, Fonso third
Time. J:4fii a .
■Four and a half furlonps— Nullah won. In
]ook so.-ond. Honeyw.od thjrd. Time. :56.
Six fnrloncs. s-.-llins:— Meddler won. Moroni
;.. second. Abe Furst third. Time, 1:14
COLONELS DEFEATED
BY THE QUAKERS
But the Pitchers of Each Nine Did
Gilt-Edged Work at
Louisville.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
}?— W. L. Pet ! Clubs- W. L.. Pet
!yn 45 1$ .737 New York . .so 31 401
n 3« 21 644 Cincinnati ..CS SO 4*2
.Philadelphia 36 22 .«20;PHtFburi? ...27 31 4<w
• Chicago S<> 24 .6<v> Louisville 21 40 344
F.aitinK.re ..33 25 .568 Washington 18 44 290
Ft. Louis 35 27 .:M Cleveland ...10 45 !179
■=VTT.T,K. Jun<» Both pitchers pitched
glit-edeed hall to-day. Praser having a shad.'
th« best nf it. Not a Quaker reached the third
base, until th» eighth inning, when Thomas led
off with a two-bagger, which was followed by
. two . singles an.l a"- two-bagger, netting the
.visitors ree run? and the same. Auend
-5^.'11... R H. E i
1. ■:--■■ . . j 7 ]
Philadelphia' " ? 2
lotteries— Dowlins and Powers; Fraser and
Mi'Farland. Umpires— Lynch and Connoily
. . ' •"
.•PITTSBURG. June 2*.— Lepypr took pity on
■•the perbae in the eighth and presented them
■ $'Kh three hits and -one run. Hughes was easy
f.nr t-hp hranoleam, hut miserable support help
ed- .-materially in ruiining up the score against
him.' T'ahlfn had ton rhuch talk and was re
tired. ,tn ttie eighth.' ■■••:.,• • 1500. Score:
-.^CJuba r. if X
.;• Pirtpv.iirsr !a' ii 0
&rrx?Myn ;:.... :.;..:: . 1.5 5
■ i Rattv>riP!!-^l>pvpr. and Bohrtver: Hughes and
■ Oritn. I'mplres— O'Jiny and' McCJarr.
CINCINNATI, June 25.-Thp Senator* nut
bnrtPd' and Juitflpidpd the Reds to-day, but
■ their poor work on the bases prevented them
from winning. Siv of the visitors were caugm
at the plate . !Mercer (rave a base on halls and
•. was : hit. for two doubles, a slncle and » trinle
In' the fifth, whicli Save the. locals their lead
. Attendance; IS2S. Score: , •
Clubs f .' R. h E
Cincinnati .'........., 6 S 2
ytTAshtngton' ....-..'..... . . 5 14 0
' Battpries^-Phiriipst, Rreitenstein and Peltz:
• H*reei and Hutler. T'mpires— swart wood and
-.Warner. ' 4^E3FSr®
ST. liO'UIS, June 2?.— Thp Perfectoi? could not
tc.uch- McGirtnlty to.-day and drew nine gooee
eggF.-. Attendance. -23'X).. Score:
' Clubs-*. '• . R. H. E
Bt Louis .- 0 6 ' 1"
Baltimore :.; •'■ 10 1
. Batteries— Sudhoff.- Wilson and O'Connor;
Mc.Olnnlty .and Rob!i I,'mpires— Gaffney
and Manassau. •
Harry Peppers Exonerated
CHICAGO. Juno 28.— A Coroner's Jury
to-day exonerated Harry Peppers, the an
tagonist of "Dutch" Neal, the prize
flphter who died on Saturday In St. Luke's
•Hospital. It was shown that NeaJ died
from hemorrhage of the brain and not
from the effects of blows received. Neal's
true name was Frank Neiwald. He had
relatives In Minneapolis.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the iat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
All sorts of Gtoresseil it, especially druggists;
A*: sorts of Deople use it.
YALE EXPECTED
TO CAPTURE THE
VARSITY RACE
Harvard Men Also in
Good Form.
ALL READY FOR THE CONTEST
ARRAIfGEMENTS MADE FOR
VIEWING THE STRUGGLE.
Defender and Columbia and Auxiliary
Cruiser Prairie in the Stream,
While Trains Will Line
the Shore.
lal Dispatch to The '"all.
NEW LONDON, Conn.. June 28.—Sin
gular as it may seem, there appears to
h< p< rf< el unanimity ol fe< ling at the
Yale and Harvard headquarti rs to-night
• the possible outcome of the three
races which the rolhiii crewa will row
to-morrow. Both agree thai Yale, 'mt
ring a< ■ id. tits, lias a better chance In the
varsity race that will he rowed for
f"ur miles down the Thames just before
sundown.
It is also admitted by b"th that the Yale
freshmen crew will not have th»' same rui
vantage over Harvard In the race of two
miles up the river in the forenoon, while,
as for the four-oared race between the
varsity substitutes over a two-mile
• ■ins. after the freshmen race. Harvard
has certainly the prefer* n< «
The facilities for vlew(*ig the races are
far better than ever before. Instead of
bservation trai'i on the right bank of
the river there will be long trains on
either Lank.
The police arrangements this year are
also Improved, through the kind offices of
the Treasury Department, and there will
be but little crowding of boats at the
finish near the bridge, a disagreeabli :'• -
ture in bygone years.
That there will b< a great fleet of boats
tn witness the contest is assured, for al
ready to-night a •i.'7.<-n ..i nv>n- steam
yachts have taken up positions above the
bridge, while the auxiliary cruiser
Prairie, which steamed Into the harbor,
1". .ins mr: lesticallv.
As an added attraction in sight of the
finish hnf ar<- the two fasteßi :■
afloat In any waters, the Columbia arid
the Defender. They came sailing grand
ly into the harbor this afternoon after a
Bye hours' race from Newport.
To-nignt the odds on Yale— thai 'were 5
to 2 yesterday— dropped to 5 to 3 and 5 to
4. It appears t<< be a eenernl sentiment
among the spurtinK fraternity thai the
Harvard crew has a dash that may win
in spite of the lnnp experience and steady
traitilnK of the eipht from Taie.
The freshmen races will start at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning. The course
is two miles up stream with the finish at
the two-mile varsity mark "ff the navy
yard.
Immediately after the finish of the
freshmen race th<- substitutes of tw i
varsity crews will pull a four-oared race,
tinuing up stream from the navy yard
and finishing off the Harvard quarters
at the starting line of the varsity race.
Barring delays, these two races will ht
finished by noon. The third race wili
■ opposite the Harvard quarters and
rews will pull f mr miles down the
river, finishing just above the bridge, in
th< midst ..f a team yachts
and excursion steamers.
RACING AT NEWMARKET.
Tod Sloan Wins Two of the Four
Events.
LONDON. June 28. — At the second day's
rrxhie at Newmarket to-<lay the Puk' • f
Devonshire's three-year-old bay filly
Vara won the Soaham plate, -"•> Bover-
T,-.rd William Beresford's Meta 11.
ridden by Tod Sloan, was unplaced. Sev
enteen horses ran the last flv< I
of the Banbury mil". The betting was 10
to 1 against Meta 11.
An all-aged plate was won by the S<~>n
<in <'"!!. ridden by .1 Reiff. the American
lightweight jockey. Queen's Wake was
second and Earl King, with Lester Heiff.
brother of the winning jockey, in the
saddl< . finished third. Sloan on Boy of
Egremond, whs unplaced in a tield of ten
horses. The hetti:;t,- was 6 to 1 against
Boy of Egromoi: d
Sloan finished first on Bourne Bridge in
the Plantation stakes. Alvescott was sec
ond and I.n Carolina filly third. Seven
teen horses ran. The betting was 7 to 2
against Bourne Bridge.
Jolly T;ir, ridden by Sloan, won the
high weight handicap. Bridegroom was
nd ar.d Orecana was third. Eight
horses ran. The betting was 11 lo S
Bt Jolly Tar.
RIVAL BASEBALL
LEAGUE PROMISED
There Will Be Competition Next Year
at St. Louis, Chicago, New
York and Philadelphia.
.ST. INCUTS. June 2s.— The Post-Dispatch
to-day printed this: A well known hasp-
I ball man of St. Louis said this morning: i
I "A story comes from Chicago to the ef- j
] feet that a new association on th* lines I
of the American Association is to be
formed, the National League folks being; '
.in with the play. As a matter of fact,
the Chicago story is the first bluff pent
out by the National League to head off a
movement that has been on foot for some
■ time, and which means that the National
i League is to have a competitor in all its
leading cities. The National Iveague to
' day la a house divided against itself.
Freedman hates Brush, and Brush hates
Freedman, and Boden and Rogers have a I
; thorough contempt for Hart and the Rob- ]
insons, and the feeling is reciprocated by
; the latter trio.
"There is planning and scheming on all I
Fides, and out of i? next year will come a I
rival association to the present National
; league. This, in fact, will be the last j
year that any set of men will have a j
mortgage on the national game, and there j
i will be rival clubs, in every city in the i
j National League where the patronage will j
I warrant anything of the kind. Four cities j
certain to have competition next year are
St. Louis, Chicago, New York and Phila
delphia. |
I "The new association will have nothing
in common with the National League syn
dicate, and Its motto will be, 'Down with
; syndicate baseball and death to the slav
ish reserve rule.' In St. Louis the men •
back of the new association have already
secured grounds thirty-four blocks nearer
the center of the city than those now oc- i
cupied by the present St. Louis club."
FITZSIMMONS WILLING
TO FIGHT KID M'COY
But the Middle-Weight Champion Is
Not Beady to Divide the
Purse.
NEW York. June 28.— "1f McCoy is at
all reasonable in his demands, Fitzpim
mona will light him for tho middle-weight
championship of the world." Bald Martin
Julian, manager of thy; middle-weight
champion, when asked to-day if Fits
would consent to meet McCoy in thf» rinp.
It was evident from Juiian'-s remark that
Fitz had mad* up his mind to fight again
and that McCoy would be given th-
chance h<» has so long waited for. But
Fitzsimmons will not consent to give Mc-
Coy 50 per cent, win or lom -. as the "Kid"
received in th p battle with a certain
heavy-weight pugilist. Th«- middle-weight
champion will allow for a liberal lohi r's
end to the purse, but it will bo a long way
from being half the amount of the purse, j
Julian said he had bt-en informed that
Ben Benton. McCoy's manager, who is
now on his way from Denver to see him.
would insist upon 50 per cent of the purs
going to the "Kid." whether he won or
lost. "If such is Benton's ultimatum." j
said Julian, "he had bettor save his car- !
fare and remain in Denver."
Baseball at Colusa.
COM'SA, Juno 2S.— The Hfc-seman hall
ninp of Oakland will cross hats with the
Colusas here Sunday, July 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29 % 1899.
SPEEDY DOGS
DRAWN FOR THE
HOLIDAY SPORT
Big Stake at Union
Coursing Park.
THOUSAND DOLLARS OFFERED
— *- -
A BRACE OF LOS ANGELES DOGS
AGAINST THE LOCALS.
A Reserve Stake, the Card for Inde
pendence Day, Attracts a Large
Entry of Representative
Dogs.
The sport at Union Coursing Park for
the Independence . day holidays will be
provided by two stakes— one of sixty-four
dogs, to he run on Saturday and Sunday,
and a reserve stake with forty-eight en
tries for Tuesday, the Fourth. Purses to
the value of $960 will be competed for in
the open stake, being apportioned as fol
lows: To the winner, $150; runner up. $110;
next two. $75 each; next four, $45 each;
next eight." $20 each, and next sixteen. $10
each. The dog beaten in the first round
by the ultimate winner receives $20. The
dog beaten by the runner up $10. and by
the dogs running third and fourth $10
each. •
The stake for Tuesday will be drawn at
the park on Saturday afternoon. It Is
limited to forty-eight does and is already
filled to overflowing. It Is limited to dogs
which have run three times since Janu
ary 1. and have not won as good as third
prize in an open or reserve stake. This
lets in many excellent performers which
have been unfortunate In being drawn
against the fast dogs. The draw for the
open stake resulted as follows:
Open Ptake, 64 -Handy & Smith's Lady
Hugo vs. smith * Drayden's Little Fairy;
Lowe &- Thompson's Ft. Aran vs. F. A. Me-
Comb's Flush, Handy & Smith's Magic vs.
M lo Kennels' Rock Island Boy; It. Athtd^e.'s
Charming May vs. .1. Dean's Minimi; .1. .1 Rd
mond's Morning Glory vs. Handy & Smith's
Twin City Girl; ChPlla * GafTney's Golden Rus
sett vs. Russell, Allen * Wilson's Lady Emma;
Grorire Lahnsen'a Fireball vs. D. J. Healey's
Maori Land: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Rosle
flair vs. Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend; Aeneid
Kennels' Pretender vs. J. .1. Keenan's Royal
Buck; H. A. Deckelman's I^awrenre vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Rocket: Milo Kennels' Irma vs.
Murphy '& Toland's Pleasant Girl; E. M. Kel
logg's Kid McCoy vs. H. F. Anderson' Craw
ford Braes; Pasha Kennels' MetKlltc vs. Daily
& Silheln's Shylock Boy: T. Butler's Susie vs.
George Whitney's Theron; Russell, Alton &
Wilson's Master ("lntr v«. Dennis & Porter's
The Devil; Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin vs.
Milo Kennels' Victor King; Andrew Johnson's
Mountain Beauty vs. M. I^ondon's Shark«>y:
I,.\\" X- Thompson's Prince Hal vs. Bartel
Brothers' Mac's Melody; J. Byrne's Eleven
Spot vs. J. Maher's Soubrette: J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman vs. Pasha Kennels' Emjn Pasha;
Murphy & Toland's Palmetto vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Patria; D. .T. Healey's Rusty Gold
vs. Kay & Tram's Cross Patch; P. T. Rellly's
Warship vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget: J. .1. War
n>n'i> Sweet Lips vs. F. Moran'a False Flat
terer: O'Neill & Hanrahan's Promise Me vs.
K. M. Kellojrg's Hummer; Hurly & ley's
O. K. Capitol vs. J. O" Shea' Young America;
S. J. Healey's Lady Clare vs. F. a. McComb'a
Royal Flush: Smith & Drayden's Mountain
Belle vs. Handy & Smith's Sylvanus; M. Lon
don's Leonldas vs. P. Brophy*s Rpnlcia Boy;
Handy <*. Smith's Ben Bolt vs. William Kram
er's Jesse Moore; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs vs. FUncon Kennels' Ski: Rlncon Kennels'
Hard Liner v«. Handy * Smith's Tenana.
MARTIMAS WINS THE
CANADIAN DERBY
Draws a Big Crowd at the Opening
Day of the Fort Erie
Meeting.
BT*FFAI,O, June "JS.— The Canadian
Derby, which was the feature of the open-
Ing of the Highand Park Jockey Club
meeting at Port Erie this afternoon, was
an easy jaunt for William Hendries' colt
Martlmas. Four thousand j>e<-^ple saw the
Futurity winner assume the lead at the
fall of the Hag- and gradually draw away
from his company during the Journey of
a mile and a half. Passaic shot his boh
at the three-quarters and Hold On cmUd
never g<t within striking distance of the
winner. The books held Martimas at 2
to 5. an exceedingly liberal figure in the
company, all hut Passaic and Hold <>n
haying scratched to Mr. Hendries' colt.
Results:
Selling, five and a half furlong? — Occie
Brooks won, Wace second. Windward third.
Time. 1:03.
Selling, two-year-olds, five furlonps—Water
wick won. J. Lucille second, Lamp Globe third.
Time. I:O3Vs. .
Selling, one mile— Amberßlints won. Colonel
Cluke second. Guilder third. Time. 1:43.
Canadian Derby, one mile and a half— Marti
mas. 114 (Mason), 2 to 5, won: Hold On, 114
(H Lewis), 3 to 1 and 2 to ">. second; Passalc,
114 (T. Walker), 8 to 1. third. Time, 2:37.
Selling, six furlongs— Rideau won. Duke of
Mlddleburg second. Full Dress third. Time,
1:14H-
Selling, five and a half furlongs— Ninety Cents
won I>unbarton second, Percita third. Time,
1:10.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
1M Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ccean.
LITTLE BROWNIES
WILL ENTERTAIN
PALMER COX'S beautiful oper- I
ctta. "The Brownies in Fairy- I
land," which was bo eminently I
successful when produced here I
' not long since, is to he- repeat I
at the California Theater during the I
present week, and the sale of seats a!- I
ready assures the management of its I
popularity. The Initial performance I
will "be presented this afternoon. There I
will be two hundred bright children on I
the stage, and of that number thirty I
of the cleverest youngsters of this city I
and surrounding towns are included.
M?.r.a&er Fr'ed'arder believes he has I
a second "Dockstadter" in Martin I
Krelir.K, a lad of 12. The little fellow I
Is fitted even now to take a position of I
prominence in any of the leading mm- I
strel aggregations new appearing be- I
fore the public. He has a splendid I
voice, the mannerisms of a "darky" I
and the ginger so necessary to the I
part. Another star in the stellar as- ■
gregation la Bmil Hoelle, aged 10,. wh0 I
possesses an angelic tenor voice. I
While singing at the rehearsal yester- I
day a number of- -leading soloists of I
the Lombard! Opera Company were on I
the stage and went into raptures over I
the youngster. ■
Among the young maidens of the ■
company is Lillian Rhodes, who has I
seen eighteen summers. As a buck and I
wing dancer her equal has not been I
seen- on the vaudeville stage. Coupled I
to her abilities in that line she has a ■
fine voice, a . graceful form and a I
bright countenance. it Is understood I
this little professional will shortly be- I
gin a prolonged engagement at one of ■
the leading vaudeville houses of this I
city. A sweeter little Miss than. I
Gladys Weller. aged 5. Is hard to find. I
This precocious child sings "The Girl I
From Gay Pares" with all the vim of ■
a Parisiennc. ;
A feature of the performance will be I
a cake walk, in which Arnold Grazer, I
Alma Wuthridge. Hazel Callahan and I
Gladys Weller will take part. Mr. ■
Fricdlander has such confidence in the B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^BBBBBBBBBBBBBsfI
abilities of these four in that line that he is willing to stake them against
any of the professionals who are to be entered In the cake-walk carnival to
be held in this city shortly. He says it Is his intention to enter the little
ones, and he confidently believes they will be awarded first prize.
The various parts of the operetta are in competent hands and an excellent
production is assured. At a rehearsal held yesterday the little ones went
through their various parts without a break. . r j/
REINSMEN TO
PACE FOR A
CHALLENGE CUP
Under Auspices of Qo'der\ Qate
Park DrVirxg Association.
JjHE FJV^K q. O'KANE T^OPjiY-
THE handpomn silver trophy pre
sented to Golden Gate Park Driving
Association by Frank <;. O'Kane
will be competed for on July 4 at
California Jockey ("liih track fr>r
the first time, it must he won twice by a
rr.emher of the driving association before
becoming his property. Originally there
was a large entry, bui horses have heen
withdrawn from time to time, leaving- the
best five of the original entries to face the
starter. These are: R. F. Gallagher's
Admiral Dewey, J. C. Ohlandt's Harvey
B. w. C. Hamilton's Prince Howard, J.
G. Chesley's Bobby P and Dr. George W.
Leek's Dentina. The illustration Is from
a photograph by Bushnell.
LOS ANGELES PEOPLE
TO WELCOME JEFFRIES
Preparing- a Big Celebration for the
Home-Coming of the Cham
pion Pugilist.
LOS ANGELES. June 2S.— The Jeffries
family is in Rood humor to-day. as word !
has been received from the champion
pugilist that on or about July 13 he will
step Into Los Angeles to enjoy a -quiet
rest for a week under the parental roof
on the Arroyo Seco. This information
also is to the effect that Jeffries will
leave Kansas City to-night and that he
may airive in San Francisco July 6. after
giving boxing exhibitions en rout-? in
Denver and Salt Lake City. . The sport- I
ing fraternity here, under the leadership
of John Brink, is preparing a reception
for the champion at the athletic club.
It has not been decided on what date I
he will give a sparring exhibition, but ad- i
mirers of the champion to-night Insist
that the largest hall in the city must
be secured to accommodate the crowd.
The character of the reception at the club
will be informal, permitting every one
to clasp the hand that gave the antipo
dean his quietus.
While the mother of Jeffries is modestly
proud of her bis: hoy, she recognises that !
in taking on-Steark-eyj during October and
In Jim's sailing for Europe late in July
the lad has entered the prize ring
to stay, and that he will make fighting |
his business. The greatest regret that ;
the Jeffries mention is that they cannot j
see Jim until a late date in his new role
In the drama. "The Rough Riders," that j
is being written for the champion.
Star Fistic Combination.
WHEELING, VV. Va., June 2S.— Oscar j
Gardner has received n letter from Hilly
Delaney. ''h.impion Jim Jeffries' trainer,
frnm California, asking if he would con-:
senl til join a star fistic combination
which will do a tour of the country after
September. Tommy Ryan, the welter
weight, was to be one of the party and
was to divide the honors with Gardner in
meeting all comers in their classes alone:
the road. Jeffries and Ed Dunkhorst, his:
sparring partner, were to complete the
aggregation. Gardner wrote to Delaney i
his willingness to X" with the party.
Tommy Ryan and Kid McCoy.
SYRACUSE, N. V.. June 28.— Tommy
Ryan to-day expressed his willingness
to right Kid McCoy, but said he -would
not accept the offer from Denver If some
ntnor club should offer a. larger purse
than the Colorado Athletic Club. Ryan
said he would post a forfeit with Lou
Houseman of Chicago which McCoy could
cover if he wished. Of McCoy's willing
ne:-s to fight Ryan professed to be skep
tical, however.
DCCKSTADTERS RIVAL
MARTIN KRELING.
OAKLAND TEAM
IS SHATTERED
BY DISSENSION
Need of Disciplinary
Measures.
FORD SIGNED FOR FIRST BASE
DONLIN'S PLACE WITH SANTA
CRUZ TAKEN BY RUSSELL.
San Jose to Play the Locals
Here This Week— Why John
son Is Out of the
Game.
Santa Cruz ha? taken another firm hol.i
on first place, with San Francisco well
up. Watsonville and San Jose are on al
most, even term«, while Sacramento has
crawled out of the hole, leaving Oakland
to carry the target. The club percentages
are as follows:
_™_
Dissension among the members, with a.
propensity to ply their steam hammers
upcn each other's heads, together with
an all too lenient management, has
landed the Oakland team at the bottom
HENRY KRUG, San Francisco's
Crack Shortstop.
of the list. The claim is raised that the
element of "bard luck" hns had much to
do with this deplorable Btate of affairs.
That is rankest nonsense. At the b.-g,ii
ning of the season there was not a more ;
promising team in the league than Ew
ing's hunch, but he has ruined it by too )
much leniency. A few words of praise
for good work has swilled some of the I
men so that they have got it into their
heads that all they have to do is to wa'k
out on the diamond and pose. They want
to get away from that impression with i
OUt delay. Then an element of discord ,
has been Injected, which, if not promptly
suppressed, will disrupt the team com
pletely and work irreparable injury to the
game. Manager Ewing is aware of thu
soiine of this discord and he should weed
it out without a moment's delay. It does
not comprise the best players, and even
if it did it would be better to get rid or j
them than to let them continue to have
full swing. Ewing is away just now and
the process of partially reorganizing tho I
team has been left to Ed Johnson anrl
Fred Lange. For a starter, they have ro- :
leased Russell and McGuire, two moves
that could not be worse. Russell was Im
mediately snapped up by Tuttle, who will
find him a worthy successor to Donlin.
Russell is lazy (the ball player never
lived who was not), and as long a:' h"
could escape practice he did so. Tnste.ul
of adopting disciplinary measures. Ewing
fooled along, with him until it was im
possible to get anything out of him, and
then let him go. Tuttle will have Rus
sell up with the best of them within two
weeks.
After Sunday's game McGuire was re
leased and Ford, who caught for the Ath
letics last year, has been signed In his
place. Ford is a good little player, but ;
there were enough midgets in the team
without him. What ought to have been
done was to place Hardie at first and send
McGuire into the field, for a time at least.
McGuire is a terrific batter ordinarily, and '
It was not to be expected that he could
get into the game after two years' ah- ,
sence and hit it out at the start. Hardie
could play the initial position second to!
none, but naturally he is not considered
when it is remembered that it is toward
him the hammers are aimed. If Ford
doesn'l fill the bill. Dunlcavy will be ;
brought into first. Efforts are being made
to find another pitcher, which looks as
though Shea would continue to be over
look- d . an Russell was as well. Mean
while Moskimmi continues on his own
Bweel way. not a word of reprimand hav
ing been administered to him for his de
liberate shirking a week ago. He de
served to be fined a month's salary.
Mike Donlin started East on Tuesday
night to join the St. Louis team. His
California admirers are anxiously await
ing the outcome of his debut in the big
league.
Pete Sweeney is anxious to get hack
I Bicycle Bargains for Women
X COLUMBIA BEVEL-GEAR
JflH CUHLESS MODEL 51.
f^^K New Price $60.
h Itl WvV\\ No chain to soil or tear the skirt. Always ready to ride. Always
,^gftW** Vt at the point of highest efficiency. The safest, cleanest and most
l^nlj \^ durable bicylce. '
J Columbia Model 46
vk-^ New Price $42.50.
A ladles' chain wheel of the highest grade, sold all last year tor $75.
We hare but a limited number of these models and the stock is
*" " . , I rapidly diminishing. . .
Pope Manufacturing Co. 3 " P S ° A S N T F S R T S CO
Up-Town City Agency, I. P. ALLEN, Proprietor, 1970 Page Street, near Stanyan.
into the game. Pete says he is in good |
condition now, and he thinks he can play j
as good ball as over he did.
Andrews has finally rounded into form,
and San Jose now hap a pair of twirlers
who will make the best batters look fool- .
ish. In the last two games he has pitched. !
with Santa Cruz and San Francisco as |
opponents. Andrews' work was simply
marvelous.
Oakland will go to Santa Cruz this week, |
and a large party of excursionists will
accompany the team. The railroad has ]
made special rates, tickets being good
until the sth. Ed Johnson has charge of
the excursion.
The new Watsonville management is '
' casting about for new material. The ,
j te;im as now constituted is playing a ]
. great fielding game, but is weak at the
bat. and it is the intention to get two :
or three good stickers for the team.
Cal Swing was doubtless surprised to :
j learn by an evening paper that Borland
was still a member of the Oakland team.
Cal was under the impression that he re-
I leased Borland six weeks ago.
A game of ball will be played at Rec
reation Park next Sunday morning, com
mencing at 10:30 o'clock, for the benefit !
! of Joe Keating, the old-time second base- ■
man, who is gradually losing his eyesight.
The contesting teams will he the Olympia
Baseball Club, managed by J. C. Nealon,
; and the following old-time favorites of
the California diamond: "Pop" Swett,
I catcher and third base; Charles Sweeney, i
pit' her: "McGinty" Carroll, catcher:
I Stackers Hanley, second base; Jack
J Ryan, first base; Jack Donahue, short-
I stop: "Buck" Gagus. right field; Frank
Ramee. left fir-Id: Fred Carroll, center
I field; McKee, extra. Peter Busch of St.
Louis, son of the big brewer, will urn
pir>- the game.
A four-nnmd boxing contest between
Joe Kenneuy and Soldier Walker will also
j take place.
■ Johnson, the ex-Oakland first baseman. :
; will not he able to play ball for Beyeral
months at least. About two months ago
Johnson injured hiirself while lifting, hut
i thought he would soon be all right. A
week ago. however, his physician ordered
him t'> give up all hard work and stop
playing Ball, and it was upon this advice
1 that he gave up his position on the team.
The Western League has collapsed and '
: local managers ought to have no difficulty i
whati ver in securing all the material they
require.
San Jose will play Harris' team here
this week, and with its pitchers in condi
; tion and the others recovering their bat
ting i-y<-> will make it interesting for the i
; locals, lberg will pitch two Of the games
here, as Fitzpatrick will be saved for the
Fourth of July game at Sacramento.
Wonder if there is not some fear that
"Indian" Dalrymple will send the firemen
into the air as he did Moskiman a few
weeks ;igo. Fitz is apt to lose his feet
at tini'-s.
Leake is doing some nice batting now
adays, and is covering short in good style
for the Prune Pickers.
Santa < 'n iz '-ranks arc disconsolate
| over the loss of Donlin ami censure Tut
tle for letting him go. Tuttle did entirely
! right in soiling I>onlin. for he got much
more for him than hi* would at the end of
th>" season.
The Senators have pot down to business
at last and the first of September will
find thorn up among: the leaders. Unfor
! tunately their new first baseman. O'Con
nor, will not join the team for a month.
How is it that Oakland has given
HutohiTiHon the overlook? Kripps would
not pay him what he wanted, hut KwinK
is willing to pay a fair salary and surely
"Rip Ed " would be better at first than
Ford.
If the tales told about Balsz are truo.
Louie is no spendthrift. During the Lob
sters' last visit to Sacramento. Balsz.
kHiber. Jack O'Connel! and another
, dropped into an emporium for a drink.
Iso the latest story goes. The party called
'• for a round and sat down to a table, to
enjoy it. The firs! was on O'Connell.
After a time Balsz walked over to the
bar. bought a drink for himself and then
returned to his seat. Kleiber n>'xt or-
I dered a round and after that was disposed
!of Louie treated himself again. After the
! third party ha 1 paid for the drinks, Balsz
left the place.
Oakland and San Jose will play here on
the afternoon of the Fourth.
HARD HITTING BOXERS
IN AMATEUR BOUTS
The San Francisco Athletic Club's
Regular Monthly Exhibition
Gives Promise of Usual
Exciting Sport.
The absence of the bookmakers and
other followers of the turf is noticeable
in the decreased attendance at the big
boxing meetings these summer months, i
This does not apply to the exhibition of
the San Francisco Athletic Club, as i
nvmth in and month out the number of
spectators is limited only by the capacity j
of th gymnasium on Sixth street.
The programme for to-night is miule up
! of five eight-round bouts, each pair of
1 boxers being especially selected in order ;
|to prepare against nny misfits. Alex ;
I Greggains is the official referee. He has
incorporated in the Queensberry rules !
Hume ideas of his own which seem to
lpring out all the combativeness of the
boxers.
The men matched for to-night are: Kid j
Johnson and Jack McMahon, 12T> pounds; I
Ben Lewis and W. Ingham. 145 pounds; '
Jack Dean and Ed Toy. 133 pounds; Tom \
; Monihan and Joe Kane, 150 pounds, and ]
George Dodson and James Crawford. As
■ it is the exception to have an uninter
, esting bout, this fine bunch of boxers
: should show excellent sport. Being In the :
embryo state, they have no reputations
as fighters to lose, and will mix matters
In a hearty manner.
WACHENDORF A DRUG FIEND.
Erratic Doctor May Have Caused
Kehlenbeck's Death Un
intentionally.
It appears that Dr. C. C. .1. \Vach«»n- i
dorf. who is suspected of causing tthe
death of John Kehlenbeck. is a monoma
niac on the subject of drugs. According
to Dr. I-atta. former superintendent nf •
the* San Joaquin Hospital at Stockton,
Wacht-ndorf while an inmate of that in
stitution was always trying to induce his
fellow patients to use morphine and co- i
came.
Dr. Latta also says Wachendorf was in !
the habit of taking from half a pound to I
a pound of ether at a time, inhaling it !
until he fell asleep. Wachendorf said h^ (
acquired the drug habit in experimenting |
on himself.
On BeveraJ occasions it (a said thp pr
ratii- physician has bppn found In the
back room of a saloon stupefied by some
drug, generally ether. Whether Kfhlen- •
beck was a victim of Wachendorfs ah- j
normal desire to experiment with drugs
on others or whether he was deliberately .
murdered for a few hundred dollars time '
alone will tell.
Seven Pines Circle.
Sevpn Pinps Circle No. 3. LadiPs nf the
r,rand Army, will relobratp its thirteenth
anniversary tn-mnrrnw night by a hall.
to be piven in thr main hall of the Native
Sons' building-
Advances made nn furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVEZTISEMENTS. : i
DBvA • •• *
Diseases
No matter how lon£ stand-
ing or nature of the ail-
ment, scientifically treated
and cured by the old re-
liable and long established
specialist ■
DR. SWEANY,
Offices, 737 Market Street.
WHERE THE SICK AND AFFLICT-
ed can receive treatment in the. fu-
ture, as they have in the past, from the
ablest and most successful specialist -of
the age. Some doctors fail because of
treating the wrong disease; others from
not knowing the right treatment. .
NO MISTAKES h a n r d e NO FAILURES
In seeking treatment the following quali-
fications should be taken into considera-
tion: Ability, experience, skill and an es-
tablished reputation for • ■ ■' '. .
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany.
and are necessary for the successful
and satisfactory treatment of any dis-
ease. . Hr£Bi
WEAK, NERVOUS MEN.
Lost vigor and vitality: weak ■ and
shrunken organs; shattered nervous sys-
tem caused by overwork, excesses arid-
self-abuse, resulting in weakness of body
and brain, night emissions, losses in the
urine, dizziness, failing memory, lack of
confidence and ambition, pains in . th«
back, loins and kidneys, and other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting- one fox'T>usl-
ness or pleasure. My special system of
i treatment will cure YOTT. restore your
1 pnysical and sexual health and make you
i once more a man among men—no matter.
! who or what has failed. • ".-'■■ ■
L' 13 Tl IDT Cured by his new method
r\U. HJI\L without; U e f knife of de-
tention from work— a painless, sure. -and
permanent cure. -.-■'..■
VAPIfOfFI F Hydrocele, swelling
Y/\I\IL.U"LILL. and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success, • •:
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON,
Syphilis and all diseases* of . the blood
promptly and thoroughly cured and every
trace of the poison eradicated from the
', system forever. . •
: SPECIAL DISEASES, BS^-iSS;
etc., which, if neglected or improperly
treated. break down the system and
i^ius.' kidney disease, etc., permanently
cured. • : . •;
r| rPTDiriTY Static. Galvanic and
LLLt I I\IV/I I I . Kara. lie E 1 c c tricity
' scientifically used and applied in all its
i modern forms in conjunction^ with special
medical treatment in all cases where it
can be of benefit. ■ -. '. •
DISEASES OF WOMEN A SPECIALTY.
{ take special pride in the success which
has attended my efforts in the treatment
'of the diseases of women. Permanent
and satisfactory cures in ailments pro-
duced by abnormal or unnatural condi-
tions of "the female: Inflammation: hys-
teria, pain in back and loins, neuralgia,
dullness of vision, smarting and itching
parts, bearing down and other complaints
; which often result in great prostration
and nervousness. - . • - •■'•-.'■••••
■ HOME TREAf MENT..^; f r st ho vu m c ;
■ treatment known to .medical -profes-
I sion. Thousands who were unable, to. call-
at office have been cured at home • by my
i special treatment. Write .if cannot
call. ■•-■'•:' . - .
Cares Guaranteed in Every Otse Accepted.- ■•
F I SWEANY M D 737 Market St.,
r. L. OJlCftlil, m, U., an Francisco.
Office hours, oa. m. to- 5; p. m. and.' 6:3o
to Sp. m. Sundays from -10- a. m": to 2
p. m. '-.:'"' '■:'"■■"•'= ' "'- : '
+O-+O+O+- o-*o-»-o -♦■ o-*o-*o-«-o-»-a-*o-«>
+ • ■ ' -'. V. .'". ■'■ ■'♦
O UJjJIUWIMI.I Ml !■■■■■
b . . • o
1 I I Natural Mineral Water ■?
+ O> . known for centuries and *
O fife« imported O
♦ A^^i ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ MJSa&i& or Disordered Stomach ♦
♦ iffiMMKra an * Indigestion °
9 B-5— 5555S Its value has been testl- o
O ffiaS^'fJ"^? fled to by. thousands:.. ♦
A I VICHY • j So-called Vichy in Sy- ?
t-'^CTlir* phons . ?
♦ SS®ll IS NOT VICHY; ♦
4 '^3P^ Get the Genuine. ?
RRfflSffiH Your physician It. ♦
raflKHpH[ wlll recommend It. ♦
O j[gH|[jgJ|^ A VIQNISR, D i6tr:bntiag Agsct °
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
FOR THE
PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections Is now open at th«
' office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City
! Hall, McAllister-street entrance. Registration
for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
be held on 'August 8. 18&9) WILL CEASE JULY
i 22. 1899, and for the Municipal Election (to b*
I held on November 7. 1899) will continue; to and
Including October 12. 1899, when all registra-
t ion will ceaee. All -qualified electors who
; were registered at the last General • Election.
' or who have registered since that time, AND
j WHO WILL. HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
i WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION
PRECINCTS, shall be entitled to vote at said
elections without other or additional registra-
tion. ALL OTHER PERSONS claiming to be
entitled to vote at any of the aforesaid elec-
tions must be registered upon the Register of
the City and County as an elector of and
within the election precinct wherein he claims
to be entitled to vote. Office open from! 9 a. m.
to 6 p. m. .
By order of the Board of Election ; Comrali-
fioner' • . •-.•.....
J. STEPPACHER. Registrar of " Voters. •
00000000000
»*»■ PALACE '■"■!'%
%CRAND^mLs%
*? SAN FRANCISCO: i _
** Connected by a covered -passageway. **
O 1400 Room*— 9oo wi h Both Attached. O
i O. Ail Under On* Management. Q
0 NOTE TES PRICES : .< ' O
0 Europes.nFlan.Bl.oo per day ajid upward Q
A American Plan. sS.OO per day And upward A
! O Correspondence Solicited. '• . ' ' *J
'■ 0 JOHN 0. KIBEFATBICK. K»nag«r. 9
000000000000000000
i WeeKly Call $1.00 BBrYear
56
..-.■" ' ■ ■ . - ■ ' -.-■.
--• ;;-;.";-;;': •■■ ■ ;■. *^=^^ -. ■ __
AY ;}..:..:.:.'.....:: JUKE 29, 1899
. ';•'•■ '■•':'-■■■'■ • ' ' ■ ■ ' : -■• ■ .
:-:f :: JOHN :D ; SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
■v-.^drt^.AiliCcr' ;,:. c^-o^s to .v. S. LEAKE, ifawyr._ |r
PUBLICATION -'cFFrCE'.-.1.. Market and Third St*-. S. F
-. • . : '■■.'• ■ . T.eSephoS* Miln lid.
EDITOBIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steveniort Str«et
.■■.. ';'[■■':■■'■■■'•'."■■.' ■ Telephone tUIM IS'i
•^;-;PSLiI>; BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WKK.
..•"•' ; eioirte Cople*. 5 cot*.
:';•. '."■•.' ■•:.': T*nß« ty ITi.::. IrcJaJlnr Pc*t«r«:
■ r itt,T CALL <!he:n*lss SiTJiiy C*!l). cue y»aj- f6.00
PAILT CALL O.Ddvitnt S^r.fifcT Call). I inrth* 3.00
DAILT '.ALL ■--.:>« -Sunday Call). 1 month* 1 -SO
DAILT CALL— -■ 5".r.?:« Hor.ih. - ttsc
BUNI>AT CALL be- Tear 1 -°°
WEEKLY CALL Gee Ttar i- 00
.'■' All po*tiq«at«ta are «-:tir.ie<3 to r«c«!Te rub*rr!ptlot>«.
■/ Eairple ; pcj;:e» w.lll t* rcrward«<l wbea requw.td.
OAKLAND OFFICE... 906 Broadway
. : C. GEORGE KROGNEBS.
.Monster.. Foreign Advert! Marcjuette Building,
■l-f.-'-Jfs; Chicago.
• ■'•..■: ■•■■•... ' ' -
CHICAGO MEWS 6TA-NDB.
. c *errr.ia Hocm; P. O. Ne»» Co.; Great Northern Hottl;
Prraipat KiUse; A'uditcrt-.um Hotel.
: . : : .NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS dR 29 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Wald^rf-Aif-r ' Ilotel; A. Bnfnn. SI Ucioa E<ja*re;
Mumy liIU'.H&WL: . W&ies*K?Wtt
.'•-.; ■ ■.-. ■ |
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Wellington Hotel
•:" V - ; : ;C...C-.CA«LTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 MoiHSOmcry street, corner Clay.
cpen-iiritf! 9:30 b'.clorcK- 357 Hayes street, own 'until
9:30 o'clock'. 559 : V'"-'?' l lister street, cpan uotll 9:30
■ o'clocif. "615 LorKlri ; stfeet, : open urjtll 9:30 o'clock
:94lMlss;ior»; street, open until 10 o'clock- ££91 Market
•. ■■';sr-er; Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock;- 2513
•! . 'ff.',is'.prr- •street. ©p«n until 9 c'cioc«: '06 Eleventh
'tt-fee't.-:!ap*erv tiijill- .9 e'clocl<. NW. corner Twenty
■. .'i'itbn'd and Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.
';!'?.■■;•;' ■■.••,.'; AMUSEMENTS.
■ '■•. "■ Cci;C-n;b'.a-i-.''T> r s. ASvemure ol Laly Ursula."
■
. . ;. -A-'caaa't— "-Frederick -tbe G-reat."
.. ' ■
; "L-'--"ChX«*«; v Z*x>" : siad Fre« Theater— VaudertHe every after aueu
;ii»'a"--«vfeatae.' '' •'
o!.7tt;J;u— Cr.rr.ftr . Ma*on zsA ElMs street*— s peel a! :!»s.
■ : int?rttat'« T"ar.6r.a.zz.a. Co.. Market str«*% near Eighth —
tle. °jt- Manila Bay..
• P.itr.o .Batri^-rSw'fc-ninz. P.acfs. etc.
■■■■. — ; — = — — z
ANOTHER FIGHT FOR THE RIGHT.
D. . .......
■ Beard & Sons, mer
■
te requiring 1
■ .
• . t and to give l
. ■ - revei I I, as re-
I • : •
the ex ton the.l rking cot
ng the j
■
r theii I the righu
■
rclig ■ perhaps, but cer-
It is- to be noted the dispatches quote Mr. Beard
zs faying his. firm objected a. year ago to paying the
revenue tax which the express company then endeav
ored to and, the firm being large shippers,
the company consented to pay it. Thus it appears the
company ha-s been playing a sneak game on the pub
lic—letting on the big shippers who stood up for their
rights, but cinching thesmall shippers and those who
were too cowardly to fight. ■ •
in accord the
■mpudence to
the war taxes ,
press company sent a noti
ng ■ ; ■■■ plan whereby an entire
be received as one
trick to defraud and cheat the '
the public, and The Call
■I • f he time. The public, there
- ■ rise in learning froi th< state
a game of hypocrisy as well
jj can the tax
:•:'•-■•
■ ns I : " •' n ing clear
■ . *.?,?•'«•!! as the .greed of I ress com
. a universal demand on the
the* merchants of California for their rights.
•iy to pay |
and • • rtions an now in the courts, and
thus far are in favor of the people. In
• . - the court of final
Ited, the company continues its extor
- with; unabated vigor. Thousand? of dollars arc
••public to enrich, the tax-shirker-.
by. trickery of a kind similar to that
c .Call thousands of other dollars are
v the Government.
The issue is once more presented to the public in
■ ,•■■l-111 i •
a plain and unmistakable way. and it remains to be
seen how ;• many firms or individuals will have the
courage to stand up for their rights. The frauds and
extortions practiced nnder the mask of an ostentatious
p:etywi!lbe successful only so long as the people are
filling to submit to them. Let a few more resolute
rfien act as Thompson Beard & Sons have done and
the Wells-Fargo Company of robbers will begin to
pay their taxes.. •
Tiyere is one locality on this round globe where the
• Street Railway Company doe- not want a
franchise. It is Seoul, in Korea. The other day
company tried to operate fenderle?- car-.
uit severalchildren were killed. In retaliation
'ens destroyed ten cars and killed several em
•he road.
At the recent creation of Cardinals at Rome an in
teresting ceremony of opening and then closing the
mouths of the new princes of the church was per
formed. Somebody with a sense of the eternal fitness
of things ought to introduce the custom in the
h Charriber of Deputies.
It is td be hoped the New York, woman who killed
because she found it "too hot to live" took
the precaution to. provide herself with insurance
I fire risks in the next world.
..nnounoement. has been made in New York
that a great spirit trust has been formed. It is ex
• :*. will dictate severe terms to practicing
Just imagine .what a noise there would have been
if the tinplate makers had struck — noth
f a pa.n-demonium!
. .And now the newly formed milk tru?t is claiming
protection on the ground that it is an infant industry.
SAN FRANCISCO POLITICS.
HE new charter gives extraordinary power* to
"""I 'the Mayor of San Francisco. He will abso-
T" control f the School, Fire He Police de-
Intely control the S Fire 2nd Police de
: p.irtments. He can dictate from the selection oi
j school books, their use or exclusion, down to the pur
\ chase of fire hose and the assignment of beats to
• roundsmen. . This city is naturally Republican. On
i a straight patty division we undoubtedly have a ma
■ iority. When a Republican candidate is of undoubted
I character and popularity he is usually reinforced by a
i large independent vote. When the whole Republi
! can ticket offers a decided preference to those who
i seek the best men to administer public affairs, it gets
! independent aid and succeeds.
The ' tor; of San Francisco proves that a man's
! politics and party connections do not afreet his char
■ acter and standing. A man is not honest because he
is a Republican, or Democrat, or Populist. The
bosses have habitually nominated bad tickets and have
a«ked votes for them by proudly biting the party
I label. Mayor Phelan has personally selected a School
i Board and Supervisors, rounded them up and
i branded them with his crest and coat ■■ ; arms, in al
dition to their party tap, and they proved the worst
....... has had out of a long line of bad ones.
The Republican party can win San Francisco, but it
must do it by nominating men who re something
more than Republicans. When their party skin is
scratched, ...... be found ber.eath it.
[ : The Call has stood by the Republican party in good
j report and ill, nd will be found abiding by Re; . -
! lican principles and to the front when and where they
; arc to be battled for. But The Call will not support
j a ticket in this city because it is called a Republican
' ticket. The men upon it must in their high character
| • resent the great principles which they profess. II
i they do the party will win. If they do not. The Call
| will render the best sen-ice which can be given the
party, by defeating them. The Republican party is
stronger to-d because The Call ha; smitten, and
spared not, the tncKsters, ringstei and rascals who
seek to use the party as a train robber uses dynamite.
We propose thai its gain in character and in popu
lar confidence, by reason of its resistance to the cor
rupt forces which are always thin every, party seek
ing its control, shall not be lost by any retreat from
the position we have taken. If an honest Republican
ticket cannot be elected in this city none shall be.
We have no favorites to urge, no candidates to ad
vance for nomination. We only ask of those who will
■ direct affairs that they make a ticket that is above
\ suspicion. If they do this the party will come to its
i own in San Francisco. If they do not, the hungry
and dry Democracy will do some high looting, fcr
which the Republican party will be primarily respon
sib'e by us fa re to nominate good men. As lor us,
iif rascals must be elected they must be from the
; - - .
HAWAIIAN '-GOOD GOVERNMENT."
AFK :ans in Hawaii are asking them
■ . _ ment" m« v
■ • ' {sessions. Two white laborers, bound
tract with a penal clause to labor on the
Honomu plantation, found tl subjected to
treatment as made negr - ■ in this country
• g and ran away. ■ -as our s
used to depart by the underground railroad. They
were pursued, hunted down, and by a district magis
- ■ • ■ until they would return to bondage.
They demanded a trial by jury, their right under the
constitution of the United States, and were refused,
and, when they appealed to the Hawaiian Supreme
; .una! anirrr.ed the court below and de
prived them of constitutional shelter by holding their
tary servitude legal, and they must either rot
in jail or go back to bondage. Remember that these
bondmen are white men. lured to the Paradise of the
Pacific to find it a hell.
The constitution of the United States say?:
"Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exis:
within the United States or any place subject to their
jurisdiction."
By joint resolution of Congress Hawaii was an
nexed to the United States and made subject to their
jurisdiction nearly a year ago. The laws of the
United States forbid contract labor and the constitu
tion forbids involuntary servitude.
Since Hawaii became subject to our jurisdiction
about 30,000 Asiatic coolies have been imported to the
islands under contract, and some white laborers lured
there have been constrained to accept contract bond
age with the coolies. When Senator Morgan was
! iked by the native Hawaiians what they would get
for merging their sovereignty in the United States
and coming under our jurisdiction, he replied that
they would get '"good government.''
It appears, then, that good government in our dis
tant possessions consists in denying the right of trial
by jury and the enforcement of involuntary servitude!
Is it possible that the American spirit which was
roused by the return of negroes to bondage has so
completely died out that we ail consent to the return
of fugitive white men to slavery? When the militia
</. Massachusetts -,vcs called out to execute the writ
of the courts of that commonwealth and return the
negro, Anthony Burns, to slavery. Wendell Phillips,
addressing a great audience in Faneuil Hail, said:
"At the head of every judicial writ issued by a court
, in this State runs the legend, 'God bless the commou
vvealtfa of Massachusetts.' But if these writs are to be
1 used to return human beings to slavery, let the legend
be changed to read, 'God damn the commonwealth of
. Massachusetts." "
That climax roused the nation like a tocsin, and
; the current of feeling arose until, under the leadership
j of Lincoln, slavery was swept away and the constitu
: tien of the republic was made to canonize against in
voluntary servitude in any place under its jurisdiction.
The Call persistently warned the people of this
country of the results of Hawaiian annexation. When
■ President Dole said that after annexation "a way
would be found to get satisfactory labor for the plan
tations," we foresaw just what is happening now and
warned our readers of it. Unhappily, the most im
portant guarantees of the constitution, trial by jury
and prohibition of involuntary servitude, are abro
gated in the good government we have established
; there. An election being ordered for members of the
I local Legislature, the men who conspired for annexa
tion, being in fear of the reaction which appeared
among those who love liberty, induced President Mc-
Kinley to forbid such election. So we have another
I American constitutional right denied to Hawaii.
; Could any Asiatic despot do more? When one re
j fleets that there is no war in Hawaii, no resistance to
: authority, but, on the other hand, a patient subjection
i to annexation, there is absence of any legal reason
j for denial of jury trial and refusal of the habeas cor
! pus and destruction of personal rights. In the ab
l^scncc oi any emergency, in the presence of profound
TIIE SAX FTiAXCISCO CALL, THtKSDAY. JUNE 29. 1899.
peace, rhat rei : :. - then :'.' the erection of a more
than Russian autocracy, under th-: ••.risdictiofl of the
- h ..•• I States in Hawaii?
. 3omedmes i y and sorr.etirr.es
feionsly, about the inf.uence upon the Cubans and
the Filipinos of anti-imperialistic sentiment in the
■ " I States. We ask respectfully of the imperialists
:3n of "good government " in Hawaii has
I ' r.ce upon other peoples to whom we are of
' " " - - rnment under the same r>r:.- I S
A DAY AFTER THE FAIR
THE iixaminer, as is usual with that redoubtab'.:
:ate of "an internal policy/ 1 in the matt
- : the military excesses in the neighborhood of
tdner Idaho, is a "day after the fair."' In its
I :iay and Tuesday it devotes its fr
fa^re to the subject, which, in every conceivable a;- •
the amplest details, of fact, has been
- ; explained and is fully comprehended by
: the United States.
The attack upon property at Wardner by a number ]
of disaffected miners, supposed to be connected with j
the Miners* Union, occurred on April 29, 1899. . On j
May 3 The Call expressed the opinion that the law \
should be vindicated and the. guilty rioters punished j
on the ground that, in the United States, there is but;
one law for rich and poor alike. On May 14, under ■
the head of Military Imperialism," The Call, adher- ]
ing to its uniform position in favor of equality before .
the law. expressed the popular indignation bee. i
'under the pretext of suppressing riotous demonstra
tions, the Federal and the State constitutions." within
the r district around Wardner. in the county of Sho- j
shone, Idaho, had been "substantially trodden under
foot nd a practical illustration of imperialism fur
nished within the limits of an autonomous State.'' It
further brought to the notice of the authorities the
provisions of the Federal constitution relating to the 1
writ of habeas corpus, and, while relieving the Wash- |
ington ..... from ar.v possible complicity in
the intolerable despotism that had been temporarily
estabiished in Idaho, demanded its interference, to j
the greatest practicable extent, in order that the u?ual I
conditions mieht be re-established and the - rem
acy of the ordinary law of the State restored.
In these references The Call has no desire to vaunt
itself.' It simply performed its duty to the public, not
only in the expression of opinion but in supplying
the' news, not a single item of which of any mate
riality, in spite of the censorship of press dispatches,
has failed to reach it; columns.
There is also reason to believe that the administra
tion u a? performed its constitutional obligations, thai
I the military situation has been gradually ameliorated
and. that even the State authorities have been made
to comprehend that there are limits they must not
pas;.
After all this work has been done and these re
sults achieved through an independent and enterpris
ing press, voicing the true sentiments of American
! citizenship, the fossilized Examiner has discovered
! that there are a few questions to be settled in the
neighborhood of Wardner .-. I has twice devoted its
first page to a rehash of facts which every one has
I known for weeks. Indeed it is now probable that the
, redress of the grievances of various sorts that have
been so glaring in Idaho for nearly two months has
become part of the "internal policy of the organ of
Bourbonized fusion that has recently discovered the
illegitimacy of the political abortion it produced last
year. The ordinary reporters of the press having
completely gleaned the Idaho field and now simply
. fun -shine the fresh news of each day. a "commis
sioner" ha« been dispatched who has succeeded, after
much labor, in verifying the historical records con
tained in the columns of The Call, and, it may be
added, a large part of them original and exclusive.
Examiner, i
had any. is about gone. Its relation to the world of
rapidly accumulating news seems to be also in pr
of dissolution.
OUR HOME-COMING VOLUNTEERS.
SENATOR PERKINS' dispatch to the Presi
dent requesting information as to the
when the First California Regiment would em- :
j bark to return home has not brought forth any deft
nite information on the subject. Adjutant General ;
Corbin, replying for the President at the instance of ,
j the Secretary of War. does no more than direct the j
■ attention of the Senator to that portion of a recently
published cable from General Otis in which it is
' stated: "Nebraska. Pennsylvania and Utah now I
'taking transports, and Sixth Infantry sent to Negros
to relieve California."
From this information it appears the work of re
' lieving the volunteers is going forward about as rap
idly as can be effected under the circumstances. The
California regiment, however, instead of being first.
or among the first, to be relieved, is to be one of the .
hlast The Oregon volunteers are already on their way ;
; home, those of Nebraska. Pennsylvania and Utah
were embarking at the time Otis sent his cable, but '
the Californians were still at Negros waiting for the
Sixth Infantry to relieve them.
While the delay in the home-coming of our vol
tecrs is not according to our hopes, it is still one :
; which the people of the State will bear with the loy- ,
: alty of patriotism. It was a high compliment to the
Californians that they were intrusted with a separate
duty in distant islands far removed from the main
, command. They won that honor by distinguished
service and discipline, and the State, has reason to be i
■ proud of it. That separate command, however, de
| lays them at the front while others come home. High
. duties impose high responsibilities, and honors, like '
; everything else, must be balanced in the scale of com- j
: pensations.
It is now assured, however, that in a time compara
tively short our toys will be sailing home. Then will ;
! come an occasion for San Francisco to make a gala |
i day and invite all Californians to come to town and |
help in the grand reception of the home-coming he- j
j roes. That day is now not distant. Once relieved at
! Negros the volunteers may embark immediately for j
j home, and it is. therefore, none too early to begin j
■ preparations for making their welcome a festival of !
more than ordinary brilliance and enthusiasm.
Professor Gayley says apologetically that the Uni- i
verity of California is suffering from growing pains. \
'. Is it possible that the learned gentleman would wish
' to see the institution in the agonies of the rheumatism ;
i of old age?
So far friends of the British royal family have been •
able to keep from the poet laureate the knowledge \
that her Majesty ha? entered on the sixty-third year \
,of her reign. They fear it might provoke him to in- |
flict the public with one of his poems.
The other day a Columbus centenarian was di
vorced and was then almost kidnaped. He probably
thinks that he escaped two phases of the same fate on '■
the same day.
It is stated as a fact not to be doubted that there are
fortunes in oil in California. None of the painters
hereabouts seem to have found them.
SUGGEST OF OF NAP AS MAYOR
FOR THE DEWEY MONUMENT
MAYOR I. A. FULLER OF NAPA.
IF anybody thinks that Napa win lag behind her sister cities of
Si ■ 'n aiding the I - •:■ • eminent let him, or her, read
the . oylng lettei ft Mayor I- A. Fuller:
NAPA. June 28.
To the Editor of The Call — Sir: In erecting a monument to
Admiral Dewey and the American navy, the people of Califor
nia have adopted the most worthy means of perpetuating his
memory. When a man reaches the pinnacle of fame it is natural
that his countrymen should seek some such means of honoring
him. It is my hope that this tribute to the great sea captain
•will surpass that erected by the English people to Lord Nelson,
both in proportions of architecture and elaborate design, as the
battle of Manila Bay surpasses the battle of Trafalgar.
Other States may follow the footsteps of California, hut I
want to see our own State outstrip all the others, and I would
suggest that every county in the State not only subscribe to
the fund, but also contribute a block of its most durable mate
rial to be used in the construction of this tribute of our appre
ciation of the matchless courage of this man. whose incentive
was fealty to his flag, whose hope of reward was the approval
of his conscience and of his countrymen.
I. A. FULLER. Mayor.
LAST OF THE
FOURTH SAILS
FOB MANILA
Presidio Changing Its
Garrison.
Another installment of troops went j
from the Presidio yesterday on their way
to the Philippines. The headquarters,
band and Troops B and M .of the Fourth j
Cavalry and Companies E and H of the ■
Twenty-fourth Infantry made up the de- :
tachment. The whole was under com- j
mand of Major Morton of the Fourth :
Cavalry. Companies E and H are new
arrivals at the post, but the two cavalry
troops had been there for a lons time. :
As a consequence when they started lor
the McDowell, in which they were taken j
to the Valencia, there were scenes very
similar to those which made the going
away of the First Infantry such «i
memorable event.
All departments at the Presidio are
bending their energies toward preparing
for the reception of troops, both coming
from and going to the Philippines. The
last of the Fourth Cavalry has gone. and
it will not be long before the Twenty
fourth Infantry will A>e away, but
there is no diminution in the num
ber of men quartered at the post. j
They are arriving by hundreds, and
the "parade ground is filled with drill
ing recruits every morning and after
noon. Tents are new being erected to re- i
ceive the Oregon Volunteers when ifcey
come, but if space is needed before tnat
time the tents will be used for recruits. It
is expected that the permanent canps
will be able to accommodate ten or twelve ;
thousand men when they have all been
finished.
Colonel Freeman, commanding the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, was expected to
sail for Manila on the Pennsylvania; then
he was changed to the Valencia, and
now it looks as if he would have
two or three weeks more here. It is
probable that he will remain as long
as there is any of his regiment left and
that he will go out with the last of it.
In the meantime who his successor as
commander of the post will be is a mat
ter of conjecture.
It seems to be the intention of the Gov
ernment to make of the Presidio a cav
alry or an artillery post, as it was before
the" war. Two troops of the Sixth. Cay- '
airy came in last Monday and more are
expected, while the Third Artillery, the
old garrison regiment, seems to be drift- .
ing back again. Light Battery C is al- !
ready there, and there/ is a detachment
of Battery B at Yosemite and another at
Alcatraz. The detachment at Yosemit?
will be relieved by Troop F of the Sixth
Cavalry within a short time.
Lieutenant Thomas F. Slavens has been
ordered to duty as quartermaster and
commissary on the freighter Weyfield,
which will take down the horses for the
cavalry men » going on the Valencia. A
non-commissioned officer and ten troopers
from each troop have been ! detailed to
care for the horses.
Company X of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry is reported from Assinaboine as;
having started for the Presidio. It will :
probably arrive to-day.
Colonel Cool'.dge has been changed from
the Valencia " and will go out on the
Pennsylvania • . • 'v=i>-'v" :
Lieutenant Lincoln Kilbourne, a sun-in
law of Colonel Evan Miles, who was for
merly in command of the pott, reported '
for duty at the Presidio yesterday. He
has been assigned to the casual detach
ment. • . '•- ' *
Dr. Cutter has ber-n ordered to duty at
Alcatraz to relieve Dr. -Dudley, who has
been ordered to duty at the general hos
pital. V .
Admiral Kautz. Lieutenant Miller, .flag
lieutenant, and Ensign Sellers, flat; sec
retary, and Captain White, commanding
the Philadelphia, made an official visit.
to General. Shatter yesterday morning.
Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Jocelyn. Twen
ty-fifth- Infantry, - has been - appointed
mustering-out officer at San Francisco for
the. volunteers returning from the Philip-!
pines. He will be assisted by Captain
Charles L. Beckurts. Sixteenth Infantry:
First Lieutenant Thomas W. D?rran,
Twentieth Infantry; First Lieutenant E.
G. Ovenshine. Sixteenth .Infantry; Cap
tain Edwin R. Chrisman. Twentieth In
fantry: First Lieutenant John Robertson,
Sixth Infantry, and First Lieutenant
.Clarence N. Purdy, Sixth. Infantry. . , ,
WARDEN AGUIRRE
BUMPS INTO THE
PRISON BOARD
A Clash Over Certain
Appointments.
From the common talk indulged in by
politicians,- it would seem, that Martin G.
Aguirre, the new Warden of San Qui
Prison, Intends trying things all
his own way as regards the matter of
appointments and conduct of the prison
generally. If what is said by several who
are in a position to know whereof they
sirak is to be relied upon. Aguirre has
already clashed with the Board of State
Prison Directors and will r.c: :' :
take his seat as Warden until July L'
The inception of the trouble between the
board and the new Warden, it is said, is
due wjiolly to an attempt on the part of
Aguirre, acting as the agent of Dan
Burns, to place ex-Supervisor Ed Smith
in the position of commissary at the
prison. This was the original intention,
but when Aguirre made known his desire
to make Smith commissary be m< I
decided opposition. The Directors voiced
their unanimous sentiment thai for vari
ous reasons Smith was
office and should never receive UK
dorsement.
Finding that argument and other de
vices were unable to gain his end. Aguirre
finally declared that he would appoint
Smith whether the board liked it or
But when he thus laid down his hand in
perfect confidence Aguirre found that ht
had been euchred. He was not politician
enough to cope with the veteran board
and was soon made to realize ::. Wli
a moment's hesitation he was informed
that as Warden he had a right to appoint
whomever he might wish, but that the
board controlled the salary of the posi
tion, and if Smith was appointed would
reduce it to $25 a month. Staggered at
this reply, Aguirre came to this city and
held a consultation with his political" mas
ters, the result of which was that it was
finally admitted the board held the whip
hand and must bo respected. So Smith
was not appointed.
But Aguirre felt so angry and chagrin
ed over his defeat that he immediately
laid plans to be revenged. He did not
have to nurse his wrath long, for a short
time afterward the board requested
Aguirre to retain Captain J. F. Biriem as
captain of the guard, and Indorsed him
as perhaps the most efficient officer at
San Quentin. Aguirre sweetly acquh -
but winked the other eye, at the same
time leading the board to believe that
Thomas Wilkinson should remain as com
missary. In fact, it is stated that the Di
rectora felt so positive of the retention of
these two men that President Fitzgerald
sent Wilkinson a telegram no later than
last Tuesday telling him to be at his ease
— everything had been fixed nicely.
On the same day Aguirre introduced ex-
Chief of Police Russell of San Diego to
Biriem as his successor and notified Wil
kinson that on the first of the month
Thomas Foley. the father of Gage's pri
vate secretary, would be made commis
sary. To complete his pleasant work the
wiseacres say. Deputy Sheriff McCiure of
Los Angelt-s was appointed turnkey to
succeed J. C. Jamieson. and Deputy Sher
iff Barnhill of the same place front gate
keeper to succeed Fred Woods. Captain
of the Yard Edgar, generally admitted to
be the most unpopular official at San
Quentin. has been retained for the sime
reason, but it is believed that even for the
purpose of revenge Aguirre cannot afford
to keep Edgar long.
The feeling is represented to be so keen
that the board will not let a long time
elapse before it will endeavor to make the
Warden realize that it is a large factor In
prison affairs and must be respected.
The Parry Murder Case.
"When the case of Mrs. May Parry,
charged with the murder of her husband,
was called in Judge Graham's court yes
terday morning. Attorney George S
Knight put Dr. S. F. Long on the stand*
•who testified that Mrs. Parry was con
fined to her bed. suffering from nervous
prostration, and was unable to appear in
court. On that showing the Judge con
tinued the case till'Ausrust 8, as tie takes
his vacation in about a week.
THE ORPHEUM
AND SOME OF
ITS VARIETY
The most' re:narkaW<? ihi-Eg.' lnV ist*ri'T- .: ■'.
j .-■--• and fcocs* farfiish«r,g'-:*s harye y.
ever seen forms the background vfsrr.aL, .
{ sketch entitled *'A Forgroueji ;• CoJpbir&y ' '
j tion." presented this Tsreek ' et ' lih*[:6r r :
i pheura by Francesca Redding &n-i : Gariio.n .:
j Macy. Truly. --.-■•■ ai).^ ■-
i we- regret the presence of the lather- -.and ..
thither talking Sr-res ihat- .wmeti-ines. • ..
prevent our tearing the colors.-: *Yen;: . :
though they scream at us withaprirsar,-
insolence loud enough to make the -welkin
ring. At eight hours' distance theecho^. ...
of them till remain. They are. 3 bkj. ■:■
and we let them again Into oc- vtelc-a- :
when they knock, much as the grand.
I n«her did to the palace curing thft French ..
] Revolution, "not finding it convenient to
! refuse." The room cannot b* said to.J>ear.
} Its cbronology with it. for Mr. and Mr 3
■ Xewed evidently consider it ridiculous
frugality to cor.2ne thecaseJv.eii to' any .:.•
one period— Err.pSre. Colonial or Re.iai.s
sance—when they may have al? three and .:
«everal others unclassified. -Vo wonder,
they lose' collar butt and « safe ; com-.
binations ar.d porfiona of their rashes.
J Who could live In such company above
1 beins agitated? It would nonii?h tne SghJr. ■
inp temper of lambs. Th*y wjjl so'oC lose- \;
their minds entirely and then those tufted
"Blue Grotto of 'Italy" *a!!s will .2nd. ;
their use. Go and see that room for a
j lesson in not what to do. Let us cat! the
- style pure Ljuis-Ameriean and pass on to =
i legitimate criticism. "Oraspins an.Op>- ' =
• portunilv" js a well worked out sketchy.
[cleverly handled by Will Cressy -and.
I Blanche Dayr.e. Mr. Cressy is such a.A
I lifelike old hayseed that even the. ;rr. r>*«- '1
I grown joke of a smashed-in hat. is -aec ; »^.ti.. '
j able at his hands. He i? one: of the few 1 ,
i entertainers who can faoid th* 's-tHmp-^OT:- •'■
j and length without makin.g a.olearing. ..
i Melville and Stetson, are toesf.in :• }h*;r
\ dialect impersonations, the copy of Isvila-
I Mann being especially good. The musical ;.'
; tale of the numerous KeJlys' found reEj-on-.' ■•■
J sive echo in all our minds, and-'.f be.. stn\f»- ■• .
ment voiced in their "Let up oh: the cotiS."
songs" refrain we heartily applaud.. J-r
--the coon epidemic ha,s more th£n earned .:
the right to yawn and die. Mn the face- ■'
lot this" remark how can we say • with -iinV'
punity that the cakewalk qf BUly and.
Willie Farrell is the most rhythmical and
graceful a San Francisco audience, has
seen? We won't: we'll say It with a pen.
The Pasqualis and SigTior Abram.oS won
their laurels last year and have returned
aeain to wear them with dignity. So lor.g
as their voices last they may count on our
audiences and our encores. Tfce-: four
O'Learys hav-e a novel Turkish harum'-*
--' scar entrance and do some of the: most
reckless of tumbling. If they don't break
: their necks before the end of the week
: they will probably find a place higher on
; theprosrramme and continue to. toss each
! other about at the option of the rfianage
• ment. The bill, as things in summer are
ap: to be. is a litttle limp, but. or. the
- whole, good. ■ ■ '.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON. /
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
TV. H. Reynolds. U. S. N.. Is- at the Pal
ace.
Dr. C. P. Ball of Peusacpla is a.^cnast
at the California. K9E ' : '•' '•
J. W. Robinson of Philadelphia is a
guest at the California. ■•.'.-••.
Captain E. F. Wilcox. U. S.A., is at
the Palace -with his wife. •
L. R. Fields, a merchant of Portland,
Or., is a guest at the Lick.
C. F. Snow, U. S. N.. is one of yester
day's naval arrivals at the Occidental.
Francisco Sahagan of Chihuahua. M c i.,
is one of the late arrivals at the Occi
dental.
J. Ifilchers. a traveler from Bremen,
Germany, is one of those staying at the
Occidental.
E. C. Allen, editor and proprietor of the
Klondike Xugget, is registered at the Pal
ace from Dawson.
Dr. "W. T. , Barry of Castroville and
John M. Streenins of Santa Rosa ax*
registered at the Grand,
C. D. Wright, an attorney of San Jose,
and "W. P. Lynch, the Assessor of Oro
ville, are both guests at the Lick.
G. W. Luce, assistant general passen
ger agent of the Southern Pacific at LO3
Angeles, returned to that city last night.
John Cowan. E. J. Brown. F. S. Knapp.
Harry : Knox and John R. TVilcox are a
party of naval men who are registered at
the Occidental. ffW
F. A. Wadleigh of the Denver and-RIJ
Grande Railway is among last evening's
arrivals at the Palace. He is registered
from Salt Lake' City. .• '.. " '
Ede Rainier, a vineyard 6f.Sang>er, .
is staying at the Grand, as is W. W. Txir
ney, a lawyer of Campbell, and Dr. Beb
jimen Robinscn of Bodie. ' ;"■' ...'•/
Mr. and- Mrs. G. Hammond, a young.
couple on their honeymoon, arrived' : on.
last night's overland ahd registered at the
Lick as residents of this city. ■ . •
James Durkee, a mining mar. of Jo
hannesburg. Sout:h Africa; is at the/Pal
ace, where he' arrived yesterday. . He re
ports that a great feeling of uneasiness
existed in the Transvaal when he left
over two months ago. and that "war be-'
tween the Boers and English is looked
upon almost a* a certainty. ' .:
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Vanderlip left yesterday morning for a
trip through the different quarries of th«
State. He. goes in order to. thoroughly
.post himself concerning- the q-ualities of
our rock. in order to. the more intelli
gently perform his mission in -regard to
the contracts for' the new possoffice build
ing. - • ■ .•■ • .-' :•-• '' ; ■;'. '
Mark Thai!, the popular manager of the .
Alcazar Theater. leaves for v -.v Tori to
night, to be absent "three . week?. Mr.
Thall's trip is entirely'- a business one..
During his stay in the Empire City he
: will secure new people for the fall season
at the-O'Farrell-street playhouse and also
negotiate for a repertoire of new plays.
Mr. Thail's intention is to get the best
people possible and to secure the very
latest and best plays the Eastern market
I affords.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
ne^v york. Jane ->.— r>. a. Hu'.se of
San Frar.cisco is at the Normar.i.e. H.
K. Mademan of Sar. Fran >i . Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Richaris : Miss Charlotte
Richards^r. . Mast : . Richardson of
Oakland, and Willis Jackson ol San Fran
cisco .;:
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 28.— W. C. Tamr.s
t San Fran - t the Si James;
of San Francisco is
irds.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
PORT ORCHARD— S. J.. San Jose Ca!
In an air line Seattle is distant eighteen
miles from Port Orchard, and Tacoma is
fifteen miles.
PREMIUM COINS— E., Fairfield
Cal. There is no premium offered or. a
half dollar of IS2S. a three-cent piece of
1552 nor on a five-franc piece of 1545. •-.
Fourth of July decorations, .flag?, plc
etc. wholesale and retaJ
tities to suit. Sanborn, Vatt.ft'Co. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's,*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's!. s.lo'Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main I<M2. •
■ m ■ . ' •
Yesterday's Insolvents
Archie Ben Allen of Oakland. $317;. as^.. .
! sets, insurance policy for $I*V. Alexander
I Cohen of Oakkv. - •- S2S.- . -.
■♦ . • .. ;l
; On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe rcute *ill s»:l :
tickets to' Indianapolis and return- at thfe'very -
; low rate of $76. Occasion— annual rMetins-of. j
. the Ep worth League. Get full particulars;; at;'
the Santa F« office. 62S Market .street. • ; •■; «
■ ■ ♦ ■ > • . -...
, Dr. Siejert's Angostura _ Bttter?->-acino\*l
j edged the world over as the "greatest iac»3
k regulator of tfce stomach asi bowel*. . . ■ •WIFE KILLS HUSBAND
IN DAUGHTER'S SIGHT
Mrs. Kopp Sends a Bullet Into the
Brain of the Man Who
Scorned Her Love.
After Making Sure That He Was With Another Woman,
She Taxed Him With Infidelity and He
Laughed in Her Face.
CHARLES KOPP, a retired res
taurant keeper, was shot and
killed last night by his wife", Mrs
Louise Kopp, in the presence of
their 14-year-old daughter. The shoot-
Ing took place in the parlor of the fam
ily residence, 18 Lewis place, off Tay
lor street, between Post and Putter.
Leaving the body where it fell, blood
oozing from the death wound over the
left eye, mother and daughter left the
house, locking the door on their dead.
They visited the house of near relatives
in the Mission, informed them of the
tragedy and returned to their own
home, where Mrs. Kopp surrendered
■herself to the police.
"I did it," she exclaimed, dry eyed,
"because I wanted him for myself."
That short sentence told the whole
story. Kopp loved another than his
wife.. Jealousy seized the neglected
;cyo man./ already tottering to the grave
with consumption. She taxed him
with 1. .- infidelity, and he boastingly
ridmatted^t.- because she wanted
him for. herself, she shot him dead.
Mrs. Kopp accuses a Mrs. P.. Monti.
who resides at 40S Geary street, of
h ivjru: If.] away from her the affec
tions of her husband. She first be
- .imp aware, of Mrs. Monti's existence
a .month ;. ago; When herself and
daughter returned from a visit to the
East at that time she says she found
Mrs. Monti, who is the widow of a flor
ist, installed, in her apartments on
Lewis place; .. ■■■ :'. : -^ 'v '
The woman vacated at once and Mrs.
Kopp did not- sec. her again until last
• ,srht. She was certain, however, that
h>r husband was ■■ meeting the woman,
and he so toM-hini; Kopp, she says.
nilmitted it and boasted that he loved
Mrs. Monti, who;: he said, was possessed
<<f n £;r'-;it V]p.aj;:Wf / money.
"I have often read in the papers."
said MA. Kopp last night after she had
Charles Kara, the Murdered Man
t'Pen s- .ir.-h'^.i; in t.hf. City Prison, "of
women killings thoir, husbands. I never
use' them- 'f-.r .'it, hut I had not ;
I th.-n:as T have been since." ]
F< iHowi ng her V husband'B ■ admission ;
that h<- preferri'l th- company of an-!
••ther, Mrs. K'.i.]. .vptTi- k. • 1 a more;
■ t ihari formerly. Last
: ii, r ht she determined to end it all. She!
y-ft hf-r home shortly after 6 < 'clock,
taking with her her daughter, satisfied
ihat KV.pp \va<= v. ith Mrs. Monti. The
wife and daughter visited s<
taurants before their search was re
warded at p&e on Geary street, where ;
they paw Kopp and Mrs. Monti to- '
aether. . ■"'■'■"■■■' i
Mrs. Kopp vent back to hor home I
with her daughter to await the return
of her husband. He came In about 8:30 !
k, the three meeting in the parlor, j
There, in the presence of the. 14
--■ id girl, the woman asked the hus
band to oast off the other woman.
I'll not be with you long," she cried,
aying with consumption, and I !
think I deserve some show of affection I
from you after twenty years of mar- |
.ife."
Kopp laughed at her. said he loved
the oth^r and -would continue to love
her.
"And then I shot him," said Mrs.
Kopp.
Although the shot was fired in a
■iy populated neJghborlv..d, tio- j
seemed to have heard it and •
;.' iihfr Mrs. Kopp nor her daughter :
saw fit just then to inform thorn. They j
Ined in the house only a few mo- !
menta shedding a few tears for the j
and then left, locking the door be- j
hind them. They walked quickly to the i
of E. Robins, a restaurant keep- j
er, at -;.':; Fourth street, who resides at i
114 Freeland Btreet. Mrs. Robins is a
sister to Mrs. Kopp.
Aft' ■;• Robins and his wife bad heard
the story of the tragedy he advised j
Mrs. Kopp to surrender herself. She
ted on returning to her home, so
Kobins and his wife accompanied her ;
and her daughter to the scene of the j
Iragedy. They entered and found
everything as she had described it. J
Robins then went to the door and j
i police whistle, to which Officer
ge Collins and Sergeant Shea re- ;
sponded, to whom. Mrs. Kopp surren
dered herself. She was taken to the
City Prison after the body of her hus
band had been sent to the Morgue Her
. :panied her there before
going fur the night to the- home., of her
)iunt and uncle.- 1 .".-'-'! -;'O ; • '• '• '
After Mrs. Kopp had been searched
and booked oh the charge of murder
she placed in the. woman's depart
ment inchafge-of- the matron. She was
h.eart-brok.ehibut far beyond. the aid of
tears!. She" Is thin and' flat chested, her
l>ale bio Tide hair hanging lank on her
hrad an( .she -looks twenty years older
than the forty-four she claims. ' Her
appearance boars out the story of nes
le< ■ Bhe tells.
Mrs. Kopp said she had b^pn mar
rled to Kopp, who was 57, twenty years
ago. Thoir only child is Amanda, who
saw the marital bonds rut by tho
mother's bullet. Mrs. Kopp was the
third wife and had considerable money
when she became his bride. This
money increased, and four months ago
the wife, who felt that she soon
would die and wanted to see a brother
in Indianapolis, made a will leaving
her property to husband and daughter.
Taking the girl with her Mrs. Kopp
went East. On h< r return she ousted
-Mrs. Monti and was treated with the
Mrs. Louisa Kopp, the S ! ayer.
nepWt that drove her to kill her hus
band.
"I wanted him for myself." she said,
as she turned to go to her bed in the
prison.
The daughter, who was the only other
eyewitness to the tragedy, refused t..
talk.
WELBURN'S TRIAL ENDS.
Jury Fails to Agree and Is Locked Up
for the Night.
The trial of Osca M. Welburn, charged
with embezzlement, was completed in tho
I'nited States court yesterday afternoon
and given to the Jury. At 10 oltlock last
Light the jury bad not reached a verdict
and was locked' up for the night.
In t!i- forenoon Frank H. CJould. made
a very forcible and pathetic address to
the .wry on behalf of the ex-Collector,
and alluded to his desire to live down the
- rrors pi the past and to the fact that he
had donned the uniform oi his country
and had offered his life in the defense of
the Hag.- - " • .
In the afternoon United States Attor
nej Coombs made a telling and carefully
trgument, . lasting three hours.
it waa marked by temperance ol .••■
'sense of justice. It was clean cut,
>. and devoid of abuse or claptrap
just such an -argument as a good lawyer
with ;m eye to his future fame would
mak»-. it left no imint untouched and
was • favorably • commented upon by ths
large crowd of spectators. ■
Judge Clo Haven's charge- occupied
three-quarters. Of an hour in the delivery
1 was clear ajid easily understood, and
was thoroughly impartial.
Mahoney Made Sergeant.
The Police Commissioners- last night
promoted Policeman P. A. Afahoney or
the Harbor station to the rank of <?er
g»'ant, to take the place of George Bald
win, who has joined the army. Mahone
has been connected with the" department
August. 1878, and is held in high
esteem by the superior <",ffW-rs
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy dir.-ct from majors Cali
fornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
MRS. C. B. TRESCOTT, Ko°wn on tfoe Stage as "Virginia
Drew," and the Wife of a Millionaire-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
FEARS HER FATHER
MAY MURDER HER
Catherine Whittle, a handsome
brunette CO years of ape, swore to a
complaind in Judge Graham's court
yesterday charging her. father, James
Whittle, a. longshoreman, with mak
ing threats against her life. Miss
Whittle explained that she was en
gaged to be married to William H.
Goodwin, a clerk in H. S. Crocker &
Co.'s, and for that reason her father
had determined to kill her and her
fiance. She had been advised by
friends to have her father arrested,
and as she was afraid he would carry
out this threat she had followed their
advice.
"We had been living with Mrs.
Goodwin at 520 Howard street." she
said, "and abot§t st v.on months' ago
father deserted mother and I and
went on one 6f the transports to Ma
nila, having us destitute. He re
turned about two weeks ago and I
went to tho wharf io meet him. I told
him that mother had died during his
. , which had the effort of mak
ing him fee- sorry. He came to live
with us, but when he observed that I
w;ih going out with Mr. Goodwin, who
Is the son of our landlady, he got mad
f-. I.i 1 s i 1 1 1 1 1 ! < 1 never marry him.
'"Sunday last he knelt on the floor of
my room and appealed to God to jus
tify him in killing mo. He said ho
not .nly kill me but kill my
s\\ eet hta i •
"Monday evening Mr. Goodwin and I
wont t" th< theater and oti our way
Inline we were warned that my father
was waiting for us in tho doorway
with a loaded revolver intending to
MILLIONAIRE
TRESCOTT'S WIFE
IS ON THE STAGE
Made Her Debut at
the Alcazar.
— • —
HUSBAND KNOWS IT NOT
ART CALLED AND SHE LEFT A
HOME OF LUXURY.
Portland Society Leader Playing Un
der the Name of Virginia Drew
Scores Heavily as Queen in
"Frederick the Great."
Under the name of Virginia Drew and
unknown to her husband Mr?. Trescott.
wife of Charles B. Trescott, the milllon
' aire fish packer of Portland, Or., made
| Jier debut on Monday evening at the Al
; cazar.
Mrs. Trescott has been In the city for
the past six months, presumably for her
health, but in reality giving all her time
and attention to fitting herself for the
Stage. No one about the theater nor any
of the people the lady has met during her
stay here had any idea that the woman
j who was making so many sacrifices in
; art's name was the wife of a millionaire.
She made no use of her social position to
help hrr in her artistic career, preferring
to stand on her own merits.
On Monday evening a well-known Port
land gentleman in the audience recognized
Miss Virginia Drew as Mrs. Trescott, and
yesterday the escapade of the mlllion
. aire's wife was the sole theme of gossip
both in social and theatrical circles.
■\Vhon Mrs. Trescott was confronted
1 with thf» fact that her little romance was
known she frankly acknowledged that
rumor was correct and that she had left
I ease and luxury for art.
The new debutante, who has not created
I an unfavorable impression and who has
i shown unmistakable signs of considerable
kill us. Wo waited around till he had
been led away. Since then he has not
been at the house, and I am afraid
ho will kill us unless he is arrested
and sent to jail.
"We will get married, notwithstand
ing his threats, but it is annoying to
have him around with a loaded re
volver in his ham! to shoot us."
The warrant was issued and given
into the hand? of an officer, but up to
a late hour last night he had not been
able to find Whittle.
talent In the line shp has chosen, told in
tragic tone? how "art wooed and won"
her and how in the future she intended to
give her whole life to- the stage.
"Since 1 was 16," said Mrs. Treseott, "I
have felt the desire to go upon the stage.
It Is in my blood. My mother was a
Drew. Mr. TreßCOtt ami I were not con- j
genial. He does nothing but sleep and
Count his money. I long for an artistic \
atmosphere. I
"When I cime to town last winter," the
lady continued. "I decided to prepare my
self for the stage. I had been studying
for years to thai end, but lacked the tech
nical training. I went through a most
rigid course. I took up psychical re
search, theosophy, Christian Science and
hypnotism with the intention of learning
to establish an electrical current between
myself and my audience and thereby
draw them toward me.
"Mr. Trescotl made me an allowance — a I
very small one when considered In pro- j
portion to his vast wealth— but my studies
came high, and many times the taking of
a lesson has meant for me privation."
Mrs. Trescott explained that she had
not told her husband of her Intentions in
regard to a theatrical career, for she :
knew he would not approve of it and that
his disapproval would probably take the
inconvenient form of a failure to send !
remittances. "When I won fame, as I 1
feel 1 must, I intended to tell him." said ;
the would-be debutante. "He Is a sure- ;
thing man. and if he -saw I was a winner I
he would hank on me."
Mr.--. Trescott has the physique critics
are pleased to describe as that of a trag
edy queen. She pays she longs to play
Berntfardt roles ;ind that the glove and
boot that fit the divine Sarah are of the
size she herself wears.
"Emotional is my forte." said Mrs.
Trcsoott. "In that way I feel I can pive
vent to all the suffering I have endured
for years."
Mrs. Trescott is well known In Port
land, Or., and has for many years been
a recognized social leader there. She is
a Southern woman of excellent family
and was wedded to Trescott six years ago.
Her uncle. Ethan Allen, is one of the mil
lionaire merchants of Portland.
An appeal to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
was taken on the 21st inst. from the de
cision of Judge "Wallace relating to the
use of the word "Vichy."
The French Government, proprietor of
the Virhy Springs, has also commenced
a new suit against one of the principal
manufacturers of fictitious waters com
pounded in New York.
Proceedings have also been Instituted
and are heing energetically pressed
against a company which has made use of
the name "Vichy" in connection with the
water of an American spring.
In the Divorce Court.
Almarina Lassen was granted a divorce
yesterday from Carl A. E. Lassen on the
ground of willful desertion. Nettie Hndgii
has sued Fred Hodge fur a divorce, alleg
ing failure to provide as a cause of ac
tion.
®4^4®4-<s)4<3>®f®4^4-®4^®4-®4<g^><^<s>^
| CURED RHEUMATISM, j
H ■ : ■ " — ■ +
i gz\ Or. McLaughlin's Electric I
! \jsih*L%i»'& , Belt Again Proves Its !
im^-f^M Great Value. It Cures I
f fcrt^rr^ ■ |iss WllBn Everything !
I Hp^ss&smP • Else Fails. . I
I . f
Cti ' •?■(.' V PORT KENYON (Humboldt Coun- ®
X ! ; ty, Cal.), May 25, 1899.— Dr. M. A. X
fa Mcl.aughlin— Dear Sir:. From the ®
X first moment your Electric Belt clasped my waist I began to get well, and am X
X now entirely cured of sciatic rheumatism. I owe my strength and happiness (J\
■r; to your Belt, and hope others who suffer will open their eyes and see the V
♦ benefit it will be to them. Yours truly, HARRY PERRY. ▼
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT |
* This grand Belt has cured four thousand people In California during the ■♦■
<£> past five years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism Lame ®
4- Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Nervous X
(5) Debility after all else fails. .-... ®
$ IT WILL CURE YOU. I
4- 'if. Stop drugging if it does not fieJp you, and the money that you would pay -♦•
(j) a doctor in one month will buy this famous Belt. It Is worth its weight in ®
X gold, for It saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new X
0 manhood. ■ . ■ »"■■>.•' ®
4- . SEiID FSJIf "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." :\ %
® ■Itis a very valuable treatise on the restoration of . strength. It will point w
4- out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free to any "*"
® address, or can be had on application at the office. '. ®
♦• Don't put It off. Act to-day In a matter which concerns the happiness not +
® only of yourself, but of your family and friends, of your future. You should ®
1 not delay. Call or address ':-» ; \, 4.
® Z
T T\w M A M^%T miAiUli» 702 Market Bt., cor. K«aray. 8. T • ?
! Dr. lv. A. lYicLaugniin, i^vingeC :: fiprißg "* BtMai &
4- O ' Bti.. Loi Angeles. V
© Office Hours— B a.m. to g:SO p.m.; Sunday*. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ©
©♦®^^®^^>®f®t.^^t'®t®^t® :f ®t®*® 4 9^^®t®' f ®*®*®
THE DIRECTORS
HOLD ANOTHER
SECRET SESSION
Discussing the Text
books.
NOT MANY CHANGES MADE
HEAD WAS NOT CONSULTED ON
JANITORS.
He Made Complaint and an Interest
ing Report Was Referred
Back for Consid
eration.
The Board of Education hid its face
agrain last evening and discussed text
hooks behind closed doors. Textbooks
were what caused a good part of the
scandal in the administration of the last
board. The executive session was not
called without a protest from Director
Head, however, but the board preferred
secrecy and sought it in adjoining
room.
When the motion to discuss the text
books in committee of the whole was
made by Stow, Head grew suspicious and
demanded to know whether the conven
tion of the committee of the whole would
be secret. President Bergerot said he
could not guess at the intentions of the
board. Head declared the subject of text
books was a most important one, and one
in which every parent had an interest,
and he believed the matter should be dis
cussed in public. The motion to go into
committee of the whole prevailed, how
ever. Head was called to the chair, and
then Bergerot himself made the motion
to go into executive session.
Head got in another protect on the re
port of the committee on janitors. Head
is a member of the committee, and when
he found a report had been submitted he
got up and declared there had been no
meeting of the committee, for he had
never been notified. The names of Cole
and Kemp were signed to the report, but
Cole, the committee chairman, was forced
to admit that he had called no meeting,
and so the report was sent back to the
committee until it could be presented in
proper form. The report was as follows:
Your Committee on Janitors respectfully
recommends the following chßn*es: Mrs. Kate
Halnes. vice Mrs. J. M. Murphy, Bernal
School- Mrs. M. McClellan, vice Mrs. J. Hun
ter Cooper School; Mrs. Shields, vice Mrs. M.
Manning. Hancock School; Mrs. small, vice
Mr? it Hcaphy. Uincon School; Mrs. Bacon,
vice Mrs. M. Murphy, Hamilton School: F.
Jack-Ron, vice J. O'Farrell, Horace Mann
School.
The Finance Committee recommended
that all demands for June he allowed and
ordered paid, and that the 5 per cent de
ducted from January demands and sal
aries he also allowed. The recommenda
tions were adopted.
Leave of absence from July SI, 1899, to
August 18, 1899. was granted Miss Lillian
O'Nell of the Peabody School.
Miss Caroline M. Biason made appli
cation to be placed on the pension roll.
On recommendation of the Committee
on Buildings and Grounds, it was decided 1
t<> grant the use of the school lot on San |
Bruno avenue, near Twenty-fifth street,
to the City for Fire Department pur- i
poses
On recommendation of the Committee
on Salaries, the salary of Miss P. M. No
lan secretary of the City Board of Ex- ;
amination. was lixed at $37 50 a month I
from July 1, 1*99. The salary is the same
as heretofore.
The Committee on Judiciary recom- !
mended the granting of the petition of
Mrs M. E. Caldwoll to be placed on the :
retired list, with the understanding, how
ever, that the board would in no way be
responsible f»>r any money she might
claim under the annuity fund act.
The following were granted grammar
grade certificates on their diplomas of
graduation from the San Francisco Nor
mal School: Miss Joanna Zelinsky. Miss
Harriet V. Rooney and Miss Florence C.
Snnkey of the class of 1897, and Miss
Mabel A. Newman of the class of 1898.
The grammar grade certificates of Miss
Elizabeth Dennis. Miss Ellen R. Downey,
Mrs. George A. Mullln, Miss Alice J. Yin- I.
cent and Mrs. Josephine Wickstrom were '
renewed.
The following were recommended to the
State Board of Examination for life di
plomas: Mrs. C. B. Coons. Miss Hettie M.
Corlett, Miss Theresa E. Derham and Miss
Emma Elliott. *
One hundred graduates of the San Fran
cisco Normal School, class of 1899, were
granted grammar grade certificates.
A protest from Brown & Power
against the awarding of the ink and pa- j
per contract to Payot, I'pham & Co. was i
referred to the Committee on Supplies.
Bids for school books for the coming
year were received from Potter, Putnam
& Co.; D. C. Heath &. Co.: Educational
Publishing Company; American Book
Company; Prang Educational Company;
Silver. Burdett & Co.: Butler, Sheldon &
Co.; Maynard, Merrill & Co., and Ginn &
Co.
These bids' were taken up under the
head of new business and were considered
in executive session. The result was these
resolutions:
\\ hereas. There is almost unanimity of opin
ion among the teachers anil principals, and
also among the parents of pupils, against
changes in text hooks now In use In the de
partment; and wherea;-, the hooks now in use
are satisfactory. Therefore be it
Keeolved, That no change in the system oi \
music books, business forms, mental arithmetic, •,
bookkeeping literature now in use, with the '
exception of select American classics, be made
Resolved. That the following srhoolbooks ir. :
French be recommended to the Superintendent
for use In the cosmopolitan schools, and those
books only: "Keebel's Elementary French
'irammar," "Hotehkiss 1 Le Premier Livre de
Frftneaise." "Ouyan's Annce Preparatone de
Lecture."
That for the purpose of use as a text-hr>ok
in the Public Schno] Department copies of
'Page's Heart Culture" be distributed only to
the teachers of the department.
That the Prang system of drawing now in
use in the department be readopted; that the
Snaylor system of "vertical round handwrit
ing' copy books be adopted: ' V : i
That the successful bidders on .text-books pay
the cost Qf advertising as apportioned by the
secretary before the contract is signed.
In the executive meeting it was also
decided that Rose Lewis should.be trans
ferred from the evening unassigned list
to the day unassifmed list; also that the
salary of E. C. Kirkpa trick, principal
of the Business Evening School, for each
month from February, 1896, to February,
ISD9, should be allowed, and that the bid
of the Humboldt Lumber Company for
redwood should be accepted. Other lum
ber will be readvertlsed for.
Fell Down the Shaft
Si;lt was filed yesterday by Carrie E.
Muller agfainst Anais Hale and the San
Francisco District Telegraph Company
to recover {25,000 damages for personal in
juries. On January 31. 1898. the plaintiff
fell down the elevator shaft in the Su
preme Court building. 303 Larkin sttv"t,
the building being under the charge of the
defendants at the time, and sustained al
most fatal injuries, hence the suit.
KNOWLEDGE AND
BEAUTY WED
Miss Lida Barry and Prin
cipal Thompson United
at Martinez.
Miss Lida Barry, daughter of Barry |
Baldwin, who Is now in Manila, was mar- j
ric:d at Monterey yesterday to George
Thompson of College City. The ceremony |
was performed at the Episcopal church !
by Rpv. Hamilton Lee. After the marriage j
a wedding breakfast was served at the ,
residence of the grandparents of the
bride, Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Carothers, '
after which the couple left on the 6 j
o'clock train for this city. Whore the
newly wedded couple will spend their
honeymoon is not known, for they have
i kept their destination a pecret.
The bride is well known in local social !
i circles, while the gToom Is a young man \
', of high standing In College City, holding ;
i the position of principal of the High j
, School there.
The couple will take up their residence
lat College City. The sister and brother
j of the groom were present at the wedding,
tog-ether with other prominent society
people of this city and Oakland.
Confession of a Millionaire.
A millionaire confessed the seoret of his fuc
cesK in two wordF-hard work. He said he
put in thp best part of his life in gaining dol
lars and losing; health, and now he was put
ting In the other half in spending dolUrs to
get back health. Nothing equals Hoetfitt?r's
Stomach Bitters for restoring health to the
overtired body and brain. It gets at the start
ing point— the stomach— and overcomes ner
vousness, sleeplessness, dyspepsia and Indi
gestion.
Health is Wealth.
0 ■^^i^^^»^^^^^^^i^^»^ >^^ BBAi"f^^^
I DR. C. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS.
: Isaoldunder positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulnoss, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
■ dence, Nervousress, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
■ ful Errors, or Exce6sivo U'-o of Tobacco, Opium,
i or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, .$ 1 a
box; cix for 5; with written jr.narantee»to
; cure or refund, money. Sample pack*
age, containing five daye r treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only Bold to
each parson. At store or by mail.
jftS^&ESTRed Label Spccial^^^^
iwJTjffl® Extra Strength. Ilfj^ajH
Impotency, Lops o£WjW : '-<r W
tS^-Red Lost Manhood, %i itfJ,
For Impotoncy, Lo.-=a nfrnV'-rS
Power, Lost Manhood, /fiL
j^&ffh. Sterility or Barren ness i ]R, 'v**j
•^jK^vrabSl a box; cix for $5, wit^SiS^mfi
written cuaranteeifjfcwsiv,
rt* __ to cure in 30 days. At etore^* jt V
B&FOFEoi-bynail. AFTER
! GEORGE DAHLBENDER.& CO., Bole Airts.,
! IH Kearny St.. San Francisco.
London Smoke
Glasses
Eye protectors for the summer season. They
can be had in any style or shape, including
those with th" new clip— never slips, tilts or
wavers. Kodaks and photographic supplies.
DEVELOPING AND PRINTING.
Bausch & Lomb-7«>lss Stereo Field Glasses.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS K Hn nTAPH |C WPARAT us.
• HOTtM 1 scientific
642 Market St. instruments
IMOIBCWI.II-'> "•■■ I""'.
PURITY Use /*%
HEALTH Woodbury's jb>f
BEAUTY Facial Cream *§k~^
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURY'S
I Facial Soap and WOODBUftY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antiseptic, their cleansing and
purifying effect is unequaled. For sale every-
where.
W6M*3dStf k vrS^ v^Wj Hie JMr^^Ci
mfc™»» \[^ *B^^^^^TP'^^^^iniWnM^?^TliP*™MßM^^K
m *3 kI f^SH l?l *^ <*L *™^£a
H A H EM IsftSi K3 cfel Eb SSSB la
19 W ■ gw Wfj& fjij ra»»| Rj Kill Cfl
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
MARIO LAMBARDI, Manager.
LAMSARDI GRAND ITALIAN;
OPERA COMPANY!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"miGINOIN."
"With SOSTIGNI. REPETTO. ÜBERTO. RUS-
SO, BUGAMELLI and TRAVAGLINI.
Friday "BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Saturday Matinee "IL TROVATORE"
Saturday Night "MANON LESCAUT"
Sunday" .." ..."MIGNON" j
. PRICES— 60, $1 00, 00c and 25c.
Reserved seats on sale at the Alhambra Thea-
ter. Phone South 365. .-;.-;;.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
THE FLYING BANVARDS, ARMSTRONG !
and O'NEILL, and a Host of Novelties.
TO-NiGHT,
AMATEUR NIGHT,
CONCLUDING WITH AN ;: >:
AMATEUR
MAYPOLE /
DANCE!
PHONE FOR SEATS. STEINER ML •
SATURDAY— CHILU.kE>:!J DAY! >
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER ! =
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery in medical science,
fulfills every wish in promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
rheumatism and pain in the back. , II
corrects inability to .. hold; water and
; scalding pain in passing it, or. bad of-
! fects following use of liquor, wine or
j beer, and overcomes that unpleasani :
j necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during- the night. The mild and
' the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands tha
highest for its wonderful cures of tha
most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should
| have the best. Sold by druggist in fifty-
cent and one dollar sizes. You may
; have a sample bottle of this wonderful,
' new discovery and a bov»k that tells all
i about it. and its great cures, both sent I
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y. When
I writing mention that you read thisgen-
j erous offer in the San Francisco Daily
' Call. . ■"• -. '
I • -i
Q<^9 <^9<^9 <^99<iy9'<^Q 4^'9'^^
0 Good Pills LIVER 0
I G ,%!! STOMACH |
J for the BOWEL -|
II BEECH PILLS I
\ k to cent* and 25 cents f
i ■
! AMUSEMENTS. ■
GKAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
THIS EVENING,
Sir Julius Benedict's Beautiful Opera,
THE
LILY of KJLLARNEY.
OUR NEW PRICES-EVENING:.
| Orchestra. Reserved. sOc and »sc; Drew
Circle. Reserved; SSe; Family Circle; Re- ; ;
I served. 15c; Gallery. JOc. •" . '•'.'■'■ ■.
; MATINEE- SATURDAY — Best Reserved
' Seat In the. House, 25c; Family Circle, Re.
, served, 15c: Gallery. ' lOc.' ■, v. • ;..
; HOLIDAY MATINEE TUESDAY.;." JUCT 4. '
BRILLIANT SUCCESS..-.- ■ ■' '.'.
THIRD WEEK: OF- SEASON. '/■■■ .;•,•• .'
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS MR
HENRYMILLER
AND
A SPECIAL COMPANY
! In a Superb Production of Anthony Hope'i
Romantic Comedy.
"THE ADVENTURE OF
THE LADY URSULA;"
Next Week— lncluding Holiday Matinee. TUES-
: DAY. July 4 -Continuation of "THE ADVEN.
TURE OF THE LADY URSULA." :
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
j S. H. FRIEDLANDER..... -........;...: Manage!
"YES," They are here again..- •,'.•' •
Those wonderful little •-..- \ - ■ .
BROWNIE&;
200— OF THEM-200 . ,
Come to Present This- Afternoon; at 2:15,
"THE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
WITH VFW Specialties*. • Dances, : '.Marches,
IT 1111 hltt Ballets, Songs and many other.
'..':■"•: feature. • ' .■■.-•■ '". : ■•-..,.
NEXT .PERFORMANCES, , '■■='■ ;.,
FRIDAY NIGHT .; .:..June 30
SATURDAY MAT1NEE........ ..<..:.3u1v 1
SATURDAY N1GHT.:. .... ; .:.....•.. .-..•..;. Ju1y 1
Reserved Seats, 2oc, 50c, 75c. . -Now on. Sale. : .
NEXT SUNDAY. July 2. . • Everybody' : Fa-
vorite, L,. R. STOCKWELL; In Hoyfs Great-
est Comedy,. "A MIDNIGHT.' BELL:" • ; : ■■ \-
Prices, "of, BOc, 3.".c. '2.".c and i§c.: ■. Sale ol
Seats Opens This Morning.- . • .. -. •' •■;• . ■
THE PABQUALIS. \
Late of the Scalchi Concert Company. '■ .■■
■ Assisted •• by •" ' • -. -..••■ •]
SIG, ABRa'vIO^F,
In the Prison Scene From '"Faust." '•'
4-O'LEARYS-4:
• European Eccentric Comedians. ■
B'LLY-FARRELL-.> ILILIE ."
World's Champion Cake Walkers. . . .
MELVILLE AND STETSON, FRANCESCA
| REDDING, TACIANU. FRED NiBLO AND
: WILL M. CRESSY AND BLANCH .DAYNE.
Reserved seats, 25c: Balcony, 1,0 c; Opera
I Chairs and Box Seats, 60c. - ; '• . • • ■. -. ;
Matinees Wednesday. 'Saturday and Sunday.
I ALCAZAR™
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
LEWIS MORRISON,
Presenting Geo. Foster Plan's Historical
Comedy.
FREDERICK
The GREAT.
Next week— DOUBLE BILL.
; MATINEE TUESDAY ...JULY 4.
DON CAESAR DE BAZAN,
And the new curtain raiser.
ONLY THE MASTER SHALL BLAME.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
POSITIVELY TWO WEEKS ONLY.
THE SOCIETY EVENT.
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantic ODera,
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
AX UNEQUALED CAST! '_'=•",
_ ENLARGED CHORUS!'
,'•;■ • MAGNIFICENT: SCENERY!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
PRICES .....:,...25c and 50c
' Telephone: Bush -9. "
CONCE2.TS AND KESOSTS.
(■? £fe 4-4-1 £X tt'.'AWfl.'Jltl HIHBP—
UalllV GREAT REALISTIC
Q, WAR PANORAMA!
Of P 1 " 0 '- Wa - ROLLINS.
• 7"*.-" ■ ■ the eminent orator,
nm _.__•«_. - lectures half hourly.
iVlcinilcl Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission, . 50c.
Bay! cbndren - *»-.
vStTRO RAT?iS.
OPEN NIGHTS. • '
I OPEN DAILY FROM 7A. M. TO Hp. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. We: CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing/ including admission, 25c; Children 20c
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver -uncharted. •
Wheat quiet. -.Dafjey firm.
Oat* dV^rig better. Corn dull.
Rye 'bf ; : the. new- ■■!•■'!) offering.
Hay . 'dull and steady.
' Fced's"jtuJTs unchanged.
]'• iHtpca and Onions unchanged. ,
• Vegetables in free -supply.
Butter an.i Eggs dull and easy.
Fruit in fair .supply.
More ' Eastern Poultry in.
Dried Fruit' urictiariffedJ
Provisions as before.
Meat market quiet. ... = .
1 — :
CANNED FRbIT AND SALMON IN ENG
LAND.
The California fruit in London are stead
lly going Into consumption and prices con
tinue firm, saja the Grocers" Gazette. For
the ISK' jack runners have demanded increased
rate? Jurirg the week, and this has been fol
lowed-tiy Feme of the fanners refusing to sell
even at the highest rates obtainable. Th» rea
fin ?lv.>n is that the croji has been affected
by unfavorable weather an 1 la dropping: from
the trees. The c-ntinued bright weather has
Caused the consumptive demand for salmon to
&s«:j!n« more normal-, proportion's, and there
[ms aiPO been some few Inquiries , 'On the mar
ket In som.> cases a slight advance has been
fFtnbl-sht-il for; Alaska:, r Packers '.profess '.to be
aliTKi.-t infl«<en<Jeiv(*iOJ- this market as far as
the ISSS ;-ack is conc?nie,l, the demand from
other countries; the States and elsewhere, be
.... Inr Ftronc and sufficient to take all that can
•'■■ ■ be spared. : ."•'••. ... .'-;. "■ •..•.•■.■;
FIRST CHARTER FOR Isoo.
;';•': '. Tkn Portland Oregbnian says: . "The first
grain charter for the '•year 1900 was reported
ypstcrday. the German bark Seestern' being
token f..r Portland loading, nt Xs for Janu
nry. 1900. rHnrcllation, with th» option of BaJ
rnon at SJs fid." .-..'.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports nt this port during the first
f;v? months of the year were $1*. 320.570. against
H5.813,950 for the Rime time •:; 1898, the lea-ling
fourcea being a? follows: From Japan, 53,£59.
--!■-'; China. 53.196.500 V Great tain, . $798,800;
Hawaiian Island?.. 54.872.350; Central America,
J1.745.500; East Inli.s, $1,241,330.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Mertdhin— Pacific TlrmO
SAN FRANCISCO, June 28, 5 p. m.
Th» following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
.. Eureka, . 60: Red Bluff, 98; Sacramento. 94;
.•■■'■. Fresno. 104; San. Luis Qblgpo, 00; Independence,
. l"^; Los Anjreles,iSS;jsan Diego. 70: Yuma, 110.
... San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
: 6^: minimum. ■': mean. 61. •• .'•.■'.'.
'.WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. • .
..• Th" pressure has- fallen slowly over the
Rocky Mountain rog'ion and remained nearly
stationary on the Pacific elope.
The temperature h:is risen about Fix degrees
....■ln the. valleys of California. Maximum ter
n. peratures exceeding. ipO degrees are reported at
many places, hut Inasmuch ns ... been
.'(".■_■ rio heavy north winds little' if any damage to
growing croi.s 1» rei>orted.
. . Thunder, storms are reported at Baker City
■..- end KaliFpel.
There Usva vertical gradient of one degree
increase. -.In temi>erature for every 155 feet of
elevation. ' ; ' ' . . . ' . ;•.
..■.Conditions are favorable for continued warm
weather In the interior, with fog along the
■:...■ coast i . '. • : • .
• Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
■ hour.* ending--. midnight June 29, IS'JS:
. Northern California— Fair Thursday; con
. tinued warm weather in the Interior; light
northerly winds inland;' brisk westerly winds
■ with ttig: on \ the "coast.'
... . Southern California— Fair Thursday; . con
: ■■. tiniK-d warm weather; light northwesterly
...•; . ■ win<]s. ■ • • ,
'. • Ni-VadaWlniidy Thursday. .-■: '".'
•..•• :-Vtah— Cloudy; probably showers Thursday.
..".Arizona Cloudy Thursday, with showers in
".'■■ • the'- mountains. ; ---. ■
: . San Francisco", and' vicinity— Fair Thursday,
with fog in- the afternoon: fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 28.- An effort was made
i • monstral ■ngth in the
»1 ixket which was given by the outburst
gth which carried prices
; ■ Ing dealings
ly partial success. Manhat
•■• • Bnal '("■■■■■•''lnn of vs 1 -,,
I night's price, as Ni .v
- - ■il .. . •■■ .. iterday
■ on the p. neral hsi was
: that oi the New York Central move
l -: Bignlficant ;'•
■ . •■■. as the cessation
In New V >rk < '•■nirrtl ■ |
■ - mlng and it ;i I
Phi li md was .-. I
t fnr the time oi ;iik and the move-
The price was allowed t
- ■■ tors ol strength in
• which r'revented a break
■ there was obvious profit
' . ■ - advances
. ' The rally
■ ; •■■_:::■■. ~ I.: i, •
■ ■ tent !a<-;.->r iri 'a\..r of
■ • manifested I
L • lon market.
I a tendency tv dullnePH and
takings for
market were estii
. ward of various stocks.
tor Louisville and
nearly 2 points on- the
1 r OUS rumors were In clr
i hing Increase in the
ii ■ Ci r the n*e. Southern
strong in syn.;
ri buying w.is shown In
: r demand -■
ling tho likeilh
the present time. The.
■•• hi i had been entire!
•' in hand for a rise near the
■ -• • • ■ the strength
i ■ " by Sugal and American T<
to lift «nd di
and Feral ■ ral - 1
• rmness at th<
"■■■' t c nduced b> th<- final
I
I strong. Total sales, par
VttlUl
United States 3's coupon declined % in the
Md price.
The total Falfs of Stocks to-day were 562 14S ;
t-hari't, including: American Steel 8000;-Ameri
can Sugar, 39.500; Atchison preferred, 20 >«>
lirm.klyn Tr.tnsit, 35.4'iQ: Burlington. 25.700;
Continental 7400; Federal Steel jxon-
Louisville and Nashville. 30.500: Manhattan
164.500; Northern Pacific. sP>ift; People's Gas
WOO: Reading:. first preferred, SCOT; Rock Island"
35,540! St.? Paul. 1 2 100; Southern Railway, 3400
--(in preferred, 9900; American Tobacco, 64,00- c
and 0.1 13:300; Chicago Great Western 9400-
Metropolitan, 13,300; . Missouri, Kansas and i
Texas preferred, 300Q; Missouri Pacific 6500- I
New york Central, 20,f!00; North American 4200-
Northwestern.. 4000; Pacific Mail. 30 ■; Perm- I
Rj-Ivanla, 16,900°; Southern Pacific. 5200; Tennes- '
Fee Coal and Irrn. 6000; Texas and Pacific 4000;
Vntr.n Paeiße. 800; do preferred BOOO: Silver
Bullion Certificates, 15,000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
AtchiFon. WH'St Paul 129%
Do prefd '...."% Do prefd 173
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 Bt 1' ft Om. 105%
Canada Pa^ilic. ..•■&« . Do prefd '.170
.Canada Southern.. .154 Amn Smelting &■ R 3?
'"• Nt Pac ■. -j-\ Do prefd .. a m
Chrs &Ohio : 25% Bo Pacific 32ii
Chi & Alton ir,n go Railway .... ill*
c:hi B * Q, 13414 Do prefd ....i!" Bi%
Chi t E 111 78 Tex & Pac . y,\^ .
Do prefd 121" I'nion Pnc .. 4'>.'-i
'"hi G\V 11-. Do prefd .... ! 77%!
i 111 Ind & L << Xnr & v. prefd . 6->i|
Do prefd 41 Wabasfa 7%
(hi <fc N W 160% Do prefd ... »ii ;
C>o prefa l&fl .Wheel & L B ~:»4 !
<"•••< Ft I- ->, Do prefd ...[..'.i 23%
Do prefd .100% Express Companies-
Del « Hudson 122ft | Adams Ex .... -in ,
|>»l 1. <t W 171 American Ex .... ISS !
j)err & Rio G United States .... 4S
•Do pretd 77** Wells Fargo 128 I
Krie new 12 •* Miscellaneous -
Do l.«t prefd .... 35941 A Cot Oil 36*: 1
Ft Wayne is» j Do prefd '.2
<;t Nor pr*fd ..'..lf*U' Amn Spirits ... 6H I
Glucose efiife Do prefd 30v t |
Illinois Cent 14V4 Am Tobacco 91« I
L*k* Eri« & W.... 15 • Do prefd 140 '
l>o prefd 70 . Cons Gas 1*314 1
i.akr Shore ;o<! Tom Cable Co ... 179 !
Louin Sr Nash..... 70% Col :■ & Iron 45« I
Manhattan L Ils% Do prefd 107 .
Met St Ry 2:*-7' 2 Oen Electric 119%
Mich Cent ...m. Haw Coml r no
Minn & St ! 54% Fed Steel, exdiv... SS-V
r>o Ist: prefd ,-:-.-.- S3£ Do prefd 81%
Mo Pa. inc.. „>•* Intnl Paper . 42
M.iV.ilo £-. 0hi0.... 39. Vi Do preM 77 I
M ■ X & T r:\l Laclede Gas ...."' 52W i
Jo prefd .;.:..... ?A'^ Lead :.... 30 :
C i Centra ;••".• J.117H Do prefd 111%
is Centra] ..-.-. .-.noi a Broolyn R T . ivk
N V Chi :St L.,-1.1- .Nat Un 0i1...- 3
•JV) Ist pr»!'V .... fiS-. .Pacific Mail 477,4'
. Do .'•! prefd: . . -. ./31 V6 People's Gas ... 120U ■
Nor V.Yst : •'. Pullman Pal .... 159
".NdVAmei! ...... ll«i Silver Cert ... ; sou
•No: i' i( M;ic ■ 4i% Standard R & T.. 7-.
"V Do ;;%'(<l ..: 77% Sugar 15414 .
Ontario-* \V .26\i Do pre M... U7
:On R .&■ ."Cay. pfd. fi:t • T. C .<• Iron : 6iK I
: Vac. (.-oast : 354 1/ S Leather .. Vi
•':■ Do lst- prefd .... 82 j Do pr»fd ... <!^a ,
•'- TV, 2d.' prefd ' ....,54 T" S Rubber ... ' 53 1?
PittsbUrij ......,...i-r ; Do prefd 116U :
IJeadins ■.;... I'O^lWest Union gjjaZ
Do Ist pre/d • .... fil% Am S & W Co. S3»i •
■B G w ............ 33 I Do prefd 9H'
• . Do prefd' 7ft iCon Tobacco 3SV.
Bock Island ....... Do prefd 7914 .
!ft-L /i- 3 F...... Ki^iColo So r.u
•Ro prefl 70 ; Do Ist prefd .... 4)
•Ho 2d prefd .... 36% Do 2d prefd .... IS
Bt h ft B U'....,. 12"i Nat Steel 49
■ X". prefd ....:... 32^1 Do prefd .; SO
1 : OSINO bonds.
V S 2b re* 10i".i M X & T 4s 93%
. Po 3* •■ .-... 108% NIT Cent lsts 115%
■Do coup .: 108^ N.l Cent gen 55. .122 V.
V o new 4a Teg... .l2'JiiiNorth Carolina 68.127 "
Do o»ui) ' 123V61 Do la 104
U R old 4s re.?.. .. 112'; N P lets 113
Do coup I':. 1 !'-. Do- Ss 67' i :
D s 5s reg ...112V1 Do 4s 105%
Do coup ■ 112' i N V Chi. & St I, 45.1074
District 3.65s 119 Nor & \v con 45.... 95% |
Ala class A 110 | Do gen >is 134
Do D 110 Or Nay lsts 114
DoC '........10« • Do 4s 103
Do Currency ... 100 0 B Line 6s 132
Atch gen -Is l«S%i Do con 5s 115
Do ndjt Is . ... '■"„ Reading Gen 45.... Pl'ii
Canada So M5.... 11l R <: W lsts 101 V.
C & O 4&s. .. ;"■; SL & I M Con 55. 111*4
Do Da 119 n I. & S F Gen 65.120v4
C * X Con 7s 144 St V C* 171
Do deb Rs ..- 12H4 tit C& P lsts 124
Chicago Term 45. .102- " Do 5s 124
D & R G Ist? 108 So Ry r.s 112%
' Do 4s AOVi Standard R&T6a 8!
F. T Ya & Ga lsts •.■'.'., Term new nei 3s. 98V
Erie Gen 4s ::r v Tex & Pac 15t5.... 114% j
Ft W .<• D C lsts. Sliil Do 2dß 55
Gen Elec :.s 119 it; r 4s 10S
Q H & S A ...112 IWabash lsts 117' L .
Do Ms 110 D 2'ls 100%
H <?- TC 5S 112 West Shore 4s 117
Do con 6s 113 iWls Cent lsta 76VS
lowa Cent lsts li' l , Va Centuries Mi
X C P & G Ists.. 60 ! Do deferred B%
La new con 45.>..109 Colo So 4s v --'-
I. & N Uni 45.... 99Vil
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 25 Ophlr 105
Con Cal & Va 1 SO, Plymouth 10 '
Dead wood < Icksllver 190
Gould & Curry • 301 Do prefd 800
Hale Ik Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 72
ITomestake 60 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 57IUn1on Con 42
Mexican ... 53 Yellow Jacket 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
M one y_ I West End 95 I
Call loans 3<S>4 Westlngh Elec .... 494 i
•Time loans 3fc 44 Do prefd 65
Stocks— I Bonds— .v,
A T & St Fe IS\4 l At<'hlson 4s 101 j
Do prefd 57% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 1".44 Adventure Pi I
Ho prefd Allouez Mm Co 8
Bell Tel 848 "(Atlantic 36 j
Boston & Albany. 273'j Boston & M0nt."..335
Boston L 110 jßutte & Boston.. 75
Boston & Maine.. l9s Calumet & Hecla..7BO ■
Chi B & Q ..134^ Centennial 33 .
Ed Elec 111 200 Franklin IS |
Fitchburg prefd. ...ll6^ Humboldt 2U
Gen Electric 119 • Osceola 84%
Fed Steel 58% Parrott 51%
Mexican Cent 81% Quiney 150 ;
Mich Tel ; 99% Santa Fe Popper... 11%
Old Colony 2"3 Tamarack 200
Old Dominion 37"i "Winona 14
Rubber r.3*i Wolverines 4.".
I'nion Parlfle -(2 1 * Utah 42%
Union Land 8
HOLIDAY IN STOCK EXCHANGE MONDAY.
NEW YORK. June 2S.— The governors of the
New York Stock Exchange have decided to sus
pend business Monday, July 3. Their action
permits a holiday for members from Saturday
noon until Wednesday at 10 o'clock.
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 2S.— Money on call. : cZ\
per cent: last loan, 2% per cent; prime mercan
tile paper, 3@3?i per cent. Sterling exchange,
steady, with actual business In bankers' bills
J4 87%®4 87% for demand and $4 > ; n;t 85 a « for !
60- days: posted rates, $4 66@4 -: and 14 K®4 89; ;
commercial bills. $4 SSS4 85%; silver certificates, !
60Vi@62c; bar silver, 60% c; Mexican dollars. '
48% c; Government bonds, easier; State bonds, !
inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— To-day's state
ment of th" condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, 110,603; gold re-,
serve, $237,693,170.
LONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 2S. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: j
There was general dullness in the market here |
to-day, except in Americans, and business was j
meager. Politics were disregarded, but money
is hardening at the end of the half year. I
Americans were buoyant throughout on pro
fessional buying here and New York support.
The features were New York Central and
Louisville and Nashville. Tintos were 44; Ana
condas, lO 3 '*.
The markets here have a holiday on Saturday.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 100; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 79%; Union Pacific preferred. 70@70%;
Atchison, 10@10%; Grand Trunk, 8; Anaconda,
10^; bar silver, steady, 27 U-16d per ounc.
money, 2 per cent.
. NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,920; exports, 17,389 Market was quiet and
featureless, with a steady undertone.
WHEAT Receipts, 55,150 bushels. Spot, '
steady; No. 2 red, Bl%c, f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red, 79'~j r!<»vator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82% c
f. o. b. afloat to arriv... No. 1 hard Duluth,
85% c. o. b. afloat to arrive Options opened
firmer on strength at Liverpool, rains In North
west and small spring wheat receipts. They
subsequently weakened under realizing, but fin
ally recovered on buying Inspired by a good
foreign demand for July, widening considerably
the premium over September, closed firm at ■■-,
@%c net advance. July, 79* 4 ©Bu%c, closed, ,
So%c; September, 79' •/7 1 .' 7 ,.-. closed .■.•',. De- ■
cember, 80 13-16Ca?l^sC, closed fel'ic.
HOPS Quiet
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL Firm.
The local nif-tal market continues in a nar- j
row rut both as regards business and the scope
of the price changes. Buyers and sellers alike
manifested pronounced indifference during the
day, this apathy being attributable partly to
purposeless advices from primary points and
foreign markets. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIGIRON— Warrants, dull and entirely nomi
nal at $13 50 •-. :
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $18 bid
and $18 50 asked.
TIN- Quiet, with $26 bid and $26 15 asked.
LEAD Very quiet, with $i 45 bid and J4 50
asked. The broker's price for lead is 54 25, and
for • per, $18 25<5 $1S 50. ' .
SPELTER— DuII and nominal at $6 25.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
S -points lower. Sales, 3250 bags, Including June
$4 65; September, $4 85 October, $4 90; I>cem
. ber. $S-30(fi>6 35. Spot Coffee— Rio. dull and nom
inal; mild, quiet and featureless.
SUGAR Raw, weak and lower; molasses
sugar, 3 1.*.-16 c; refined, quiet at decline; No.
10. 4%c; No. n, 4%c; Np. 12. 45- 16c; No. 13,
4 3-sc; No. 14, 4 ; 4 ; confectioners' A, 5%i
BUTTER- Receipts. 11,100 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 15%@18%c; factory, 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8130 packages; firm; West
ern, 14%@>15c; Southern, 9'<Jllc. .
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 2S.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 6%@7c;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, Ey-faS^ic*
fancy, 9s9V4c. ■-■■■■
PRUNES 3%98%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark, 14018 c.
PEACHES— 10@13c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 28.— Conditions at the open
ing In Wheat favored higher prices. Liver-
I pool showed a liberal response to yesterday's
! advance here, opening V'<-V; higher and main
tained most of its advance. Continental mar
kets were also higher. A decidedly bullish
feature was- the falling off in Northwest re
ceipts and influenced the market enough to !
keep prices >n the upgrade for about half an
hour alter the opening. Then the weakness
at St. Louts which wan thought to be due to !
expectations of larger receipts of new Wheat '
in the near future and weekly crop reports
started a moderate felling movement which
carried prices considerably below the opening
point and gave the old familiar appearance or
weakness to things in general. September
; opened at "i'^fi'^c. compared with yester
day's closing price of 74^c. It advanced to
74\'</74\i . then gradually slid off until Tl I*'1 *'
had been reached. At this point the market
took another turn and until within about half
an hour 'of the close, though extremely quiet.
1 was strong. . St. Louis' weakness was said to
be due entirely to local elevator difficulties'
and not to fear of heavy new Wheat receipts.
Crop advices from all sections of the spring
Wheat country told of damage from rust and
from wet weather followed by the heat of last
Sunday. The Illinois State report estimated ;
that 1 per cent of the crop was lost and the ;
condition of the rest only 38 per cent. Sep- !
temper advanced to 74V"""<\ when a realizing
movement set in which carried September to
. 74V. where It closed.
: Corn was dull and heavy. The market started
with Wheat, but liberal receipts, favorable
crop conditions and heavy estimated receipts
to-morrow started liquidation. September
closed %'s>-ic lower.
Cats were dull but firm. September closed
with a gain of %c. Crop damage reports and
foreign advices were the bullish features.
Provisions were strong. Hog prices were '<
higher and this with the strength of Wheat
and the good shipping demand kept prices firm
and a little higher. At the close September
Pork was 5©7«4c higher. Lard 5c higher and
Ribs 2V''>c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
\\ heat No. 2 —
July- " T i ■ 7.V-, 72' i 7*74 i
September 74\ 7:, 7414 74" i£
December 2- "* 76% 75% '**
July ' 34*8 54»4 3414 i? 4- I
September 34*;, 34-', 3m M 2 j
December 33 7 33 V* 33»» 'is-
Oats No. 2— v; •' •- ■".', '
July 25 25 24% 24';
September 2i% 22 21^ sit?
May 23% 23% .23\ 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel— '*
July... 8 22% 8 274 S 22.. g «-> t .
September 8 4." 8 47^ 840 * 845
Lard, per 100 pound? —
July 5 07% 510 505 5 0714'
September 5 20 5 25 5 20 5 •>•>•.'
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 4 72>, 2 4 77V4 4 724 475 i
September ..: 490 405 4 S7Vs 4 ■...'•..
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet: No. 3 spring wheat. 71<574c: No. i
2 red. 73%®75c; No. 2 corn. 34V^34^c; No 2
oats, 26y;<g26V4c: No. 3 white. 27H*j2'Jc; No ■> ;
rye, fi2<3G2^c: No. 2 barley. 34m? •' No' 1
flax seed. Si 02@l 03; prime timothy, seed, $2 35 j
®2 40; mesa pork, per barrel, $7 40if8 25; lard j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
i per 100 pounds, $505 10; short ribs sides (loose),
j $4 BO@4 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), S@SVJo;
short clear sides (boxed) J.s(go 10; : whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31,000 23.000
j Wheat, bushels 233,000 211.000
i Corn, bushels 876.000 465.000
Oats, bushels ..' 461 : 000 205,000
! Rye. bushels 4.0*0
Barley, bushels 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market 'was firm. Creameries, 13V4*?18c; Dai
ries, 11@15%c. Cheese, firm, 8%®8%a Eggs,
■!■!>; fresh, 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9l 5 5 6 6 m
Closing 5 SU 5 11% 6 1%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening IS 95 20 70
Closing 19 90 20 75
; Flour
] Opening 42 75 28 45
I Closing 42 75 23 45
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company poid California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following
prices;
CHICAGO, June 28.— Tragedy Prunes. $1 505?
1 75, average $1 60; Burbnnk Plums, average
$1 40; Mikado Plums. $1 15(Jil 25, average $1 19;
Simon] Prunes, average $1 30. Four cars Bold
to-day.
NEW YORK. June 2S.— Ogon Plums. $180®
4 26, average $2 14; Tragedy Prunes, $1 0">'i?l 50,
i average $1 33; St. John Peaches, $1 lO^Jl 75,
average SI 36; Hale's Early Peaches, 90c.(gl 35,
average $1 16; Alexander Peaches, $1 l(Vt?l 35,
average $1 29; Yellow Free Peaches, average
$1 45; Baurre Gilford Pears, half boxes, aver
-1 age $1 40: Burbank Plums. 90of?JSl 45, average
$1 15; Peach Plums, $1 10(&2 75. Simon!
Prunes. 50c(f?$l 35, average S7c; Royal
Apricots, 40c®$l 35. average $89; Mikado Plums,
05@75c, average 69c; Botan Plums, 55(gS0c, aver
age 75c; Peach Cots, average 95c. Ten cars
Bold to-day.
BOSTON, Juno 2S.— Tragedy Prunes, $1 or«g-
I 75, average $1 SO; Rurbank Plums, 90c@
$1 60, average SBc; Abundance Plums, 85c
igsl 60, average $1 20; St. John Peaches, 85c@
fl 60, average $1 S2; Alexander Peaches, sEc#
$1 65, average S7c: Brigg's Early May Peaches,
$1 05©l 50, average 51 30: B. Republican Cher
ries. 55® $1 CO, average $1 24; Royal Anns. 70c@
II 35, average $1 02; B. Tartarian, 78c: Slmond
Prunes, 90c@$l 30, average 91c Hale's Early
Peaches, 50@90c, average S9c; Clyman Plums.
80c@$l, average 92c; Royal Cots, 35@55, average
45c. Six cars sold to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June 28.— CATTLE— Receipts of
cattle to-day were unexpectedly heavy, but the
demand was brisk, and the better irrades of
steers moved off at steady prices. Commoner
grades were about 10c lower. Good to fancy
, cattle, $0 10@3 65, commoner grades selling at
$4 Go@s 05: feeding cattle. $3 50<g5; bulls, cow:;
| and heifers. $2i?rs 10, the latter price for choice
! heifers; Western fed steers sold at $4 7O'gs 50;
Texans, j-r«." 10. and calves, U(<i~ 50.
HOGS— Hogs were 5c higher. The market was
; rather weak late in the day. Light hogs, %" 63
CS3 !»0: mixed lots at $3 66@3 S5. and heavy at
J3 4.-.<7f:: 85; pips brought $3 30(g3 45, and culls
$1 50@3 50.
SHEEP— Tho better class of sheep and lambs
were in demand at steady prices. Conces
! slons were made on ordinary offerings. Sheep,
!$2 . .■".25 for ordinary to good; yearlings
! brought $5 50@6 25; clipped lambs, $4 75®6 65,
and spring lambs, $4 50®7 CO.
Receipts— Cattle, 21,000; hogs, 000; sheep,
15,000.
PORTLAND 1 BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June Clearings, $225,
--! 650; balances, $23,575.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., June 28.— wheat mar
[ ket was easier and not quotably lower. Walla
I Walla, 58@58%c; Valley, 59% c; Bluestem. 61c
1 Cleared— British bark Pegasus, for Queens
i town, with 136.924 bushels wheat; British ship
Glenesslln. for Algoa Bay, with 74, MS bushels
wheat and 7150 barrels flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Juno 28.— There was a rise of '..•
in to-day's market. Close: club, 58V4c; Rlue
stem. Ci ! i-.
T,ONr>ON AUCTION WOOL SAI>ES.
LXJXDON, June 2S.— There was h full at
tendance of buyers at the wool auction sales
to-day. Continental > perators were more active
and competed for merinos the home trade
spiritedly and establishing an advance of 7'_
per cent and occasionally exceedinp that figure.
tniar wools were In stronc demand, and
good S'nit li Australia rind \\v?i Australians
wen Bold principally to the trade at 7% to 10
per cent advance. Fine cros&breds sold readily
at the opening rr.ie.
FOREIGN MARKETB.
LONDON. June 28. Consols, 107 13-16; silver.
27 11-li'.d; French rentes. 101f J2 : -.c; wheat car
goes off coast, more Inquiry; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; English country mar
kets, part dl cheaper.
LIVERPOOL; June 28.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3d— 6s JV4d; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, firm. 5s
lid; No. 1 Northern Duluth. firm. 6s lVjd. Fu
tures, dull; July, 5s 9%d; September, 5s ll%d;
December. Be l*«d.
CORN American mixed spot new, firm, 3s
C d; do old. firm. 3s. .'.i 4 d. Futures, steady;
July. 3s 4'.?d; September, 3s 5%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S6?i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS*v;
Sterling Cables — 4 S9>,
New York Exchange, sight — 12'>
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 50050%
Fine Silver, per ounce — COI4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Chicago market opened firmer
on better foreign advices. The Northwestern
reports were less favorable for the crops, late
rains having done considerable damage. Tlio
Illinois State report placed the yield of that
State at 49 per cent. 51 per cent being aban
doned. Minneapolis wired sales of 40,000 bbls
Flour, of which two-thirds was for export.
Philadelphia reported Continental acceptances
Of Wheat at Is- advance. Liverpool reported
sales of twelve cargoes off coast since Monday.
Later on the feeling was easier, following a
decline at St. Louis. Foreigners were inclined
to cover and considerable July wheat ap
peared.
The local situation was unchanged. ' .
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 OSVi'l 10; milling,
$1 12»v@l 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session o'clock— December—
10,ft00 •;.-. fl 1?%; MOO, $1 18%.
Second session— December— Booo ctls, $1 18%:
2000 $1 ISH.
Regular morning session— 22.ooo ctls, $1 1?^-
Afternoon session — December — fiOOO ctls
$1 18%.
BARLEY— market is firm, with a fair
demand and much lighter offerings.
Feed, new. 88%®9Z%«; Brewing. 95c; old
Brewing. Jl'QI 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— sales..
Regular morning session— No sales.
Afternoon session— seller '99. new— 4ooo etls
85% c; 4000, 86c; 8000, BC%c; 12.000, 85% c ■'. ■'
OATS— The feeling is better, as the market
Is bare. Quoted at $1 071^^,1 20 per ctl for new
and $1 2551 40 for old.
CORN— Offerings are ample for all needs and
the market is dull. Small round Yellow, $1 .Wi
1 38; Eastern large Yellow. $1 1001 124; White
$1103116; mixed, $110 per ctl;. California
White, $1 17V«1 —'*.
RYE!— New crop is" now being offered. 97i4c®
$1 per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTTJFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40fi3 50 per bbl for extra
$3 2663 40 for bakers' and $2 25©3 for superfine'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75- Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal $2 50- ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal $4 50(34 75"
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $:! '.'s(tf3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4W4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 i^gS 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There is a fair demand for • Hay at prac
tically unchanged ■ quotations. Receipts are .
light, but are expected to be heavy after the
Fourth-. * '-: '
The circular of Somers & Co. says: "We
have a very uninteresting market to report at
the present time, and we may reasonably ex
pect .but little to he done with hay for the
next week or ten days. Very little if any of
the new crop hay now being marketed has
been through the stack and much Is, there
fore, improperly cured. We are con
stantly hearing complaints from apparently
dry looking hay which proves to be oftentimes
sour and sometimes hot. Shippers of hay are
probably satisfied that theirs Is well cured he
fore marketing; same, but after being con
fined In a close car for a few days It com
mences to sweat in the bale. Consumers will
not buy this kind of hay to lay away; there
fore same has to be sold for Immediate con
sumption. Until we can be reasonably as
sured that everything marketed Is in good
shape and is fit to be stored away for winter's
use. we will have no well-established market
here. Much of the crop In the country Is now
In the stack, and the farmers are all busy har
vesting. When they are through . with • their
grain they will prepare to market their hay.
and we may then expect free shipments of
well-cured hay on the San Francisco market.
"Receipts are not very heavy for this time
of year, and yet they are ample for all de
mands. Alfalfa is scarce and in good demand.
There is scarcely enough being marketed for
a well-established price."
BRAN— $10 501*17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $19 50<??20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J27@28; Jobbing,
?28 50®2»; Cocoanut Cake $20021; Cornmeal,
JZ3 .V'fj 24 50; Cracked Corn $24<f/25; Mixed Feed,
$15@16; Cottonseed Meal. $24686 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. JRJi3 50 for good and $10
for choice: Wheat and Oat $B©9; Oat, $7©B 50;
Barley, $6©7; Alfalfa. J6(fi 7 per ton.
STRAW— 20<540c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
No further change to report In this market.
BEANS-Bayos, Jl 60!g-l 70; Small White, J2®
2 15; Large White. $1 50@l 65; Pinks, $1 65@
1 85; Reds, $3 40; Blackeye, $4 10©4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas $3 90(54; Pea, $1 90@2 25; Red
Kidneys, $2 25 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2%(g3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2?ic per Ib; Alfalfa, 9@9%c; Rape, SOSHe;
.Hemp. 4y4(Ti4%c: Timothy, 43. 4 fjsl4c. . m
DRIED PEAS— $1 25'Sl 50; Green, $1 60
<g2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are both slightly off.
c.reen Okra has appear'!, selling at 35c per
Ib.
The vegetable market continues well sup
plied. Tomatoes are more plentiful. Other
wise there is little new J ■'""
lOTA TOES — Peerless. $1 65®1 75: Early
Rose, $1 60@l 75; Burbanks, $175(02 per ctl on
the wharf.
ONIONS--New, 20f/35c per sack for red and
70@85c per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60c@Jl per box
for No. 2, $1 25@1 50 for No. 1 and $175 for
fancy: Rhubarb, 25@75c per box: Green Peas,
I%@2ViO per Ib: String Beans, lH@3c for Green.
3 r ciM*. for Refugee and 2H@'3V&c for Golden Wax;
Horse Beans. 50c per sack; Cabbage. 60c;
Tomatoes, 60ofS'$l per box, a large box of
Rivers sold at $3; Egg Plant, fifjSc per Ib;
Garlic, 2ri73c; Green Peppers. s@lsc; Chili
Peppers, 25c; Carrots, SO^Oc per sack;
Sacramento and Marysville Cucumbers, 25ig6oc
per box; Bay Cucumbers, JIS-1 50; Summer
Squash, 25c for Vacaville and 50®75c for Bay;
Green Corn, 75c!gSl 25 per sack for Vacaville
and l7^@2oc per dozen for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is dull and not materially
changed. Another car of Eastern sold at 12@
He for Turkeys. $3 50@4 50 for Ducks, }1 25 for
Geese, $6<g7 for Hens, $6 for old Roosters and
$4 for Broilers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11<&13c for Gob
blers and ll@l3c for Hens; Geese, per pair, |
Jiff 1 25; Go&lings, $I@l 26; Ducks, J4@s 50 for j
old and J4<§s 50 for young: Hens, $4 50@5 50; I
young Roosters, J6 50; old Roosters, $: ./ i
6 50: Fryers, $4@5; Broilers, $3'g3 50 for large, !
J2(!{2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen j
for Old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The situation remans unchanged. Eggs con
tinue excessively dull and 18c Is now about
the top. Butter Is also quiet and plentiful,
and the dealers are forced to pack to keep I
down the surplus.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18'gl9c: sec- j
onds, 17(J7 17 1 /4 c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17c; good to choice, 16<g
IGV . store, 14@15c per Ib.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8c; old, 7V4c;
Young America, 9@loc; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14@16c for store and 17@
lv.- per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@16%C
for No. 1 and 14(§15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices: ;
Peaches. J2O for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $27 50@50 per ton, according to size, ',
quality and district: Bartlett Pears, $40@50 per"
ton; Green and Yellow Plums, $20 per ton.
Peaches continue weak. Supplies are not i
very heavy, but the demand is slow at the j
moment. Apricots are also easy, and some I
white 'Cots are selling down to $27 50 per ton.
No sales of yellow "Cots below $35 have yet
been reported. Choice Apples are firm. Plums
continue in light supply. The tendency in
Berries is toward lower prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35c@$l per large box; Crabapples,
C.IV per box. 1 -
BERRIES Blackberries. J3«4 per chest;
Strawberries, $5@7 per chest for small and $2 50
Si 3 for largo berries; Raspberries, J4(?f6 per
chest: Logan berries, $"■.■•■ per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, per crate.
Currants, $4^;.'. per chest.
Cherries. 60(j?90c per box for all kinds.
Green Pears, 4 &$] per box, according to
size, and 40@50c per basket; Bartletts, Jl@l 50
per box.
Figs. 35(iT5Oc for single and <isc»fTsi per -box for
double layers of black and 35@50c for white.
Apricots, 3CXJj7Sc per box and 35@45c per has
ket for Royals.
Peaches, 25(?J65c pel box and 20^40c per bas
ket.
Plums. 25050 c per box; Prunes. 60(f?75c per
crnte; Peach Plums. per crate.
Cherry Plums, -."..• per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50iR3 50
per box: Seedlings, Jl@l 50: Mediterranean
Sweets, Jl B@l 75; Lemons, Jl»sJl 50 for common
and $2@2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
}4; California Limes, 25@50c per small box:
Bananas, $1 50©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $l@
2 50 per dozen. • ... '
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50's, 5c
for 50-60' 4c for 60-70's. 3V4@3%c for 70-SO's.
294@3Vi0 for 80-90's. 2%@2%c for 90-ioo - s and
L"-i 2Uc for 100-110' s; Plums, nominal, l'^c for
unpltted and 4%@6c for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots. July
delivery, 9@9&C per Ib; Peaches, July delivery,
6't. / rj7'-; Evaporated Apples, Be.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4\c for three
crown, o'ic tor four-crown, 4',i!??6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3'^c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for I^ondon layers: Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
Chestnuts. 7c per Ib; Walnuts, sigSc
for hardshell, 10®llc for softshell; Almonds. 8(g
--9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14©lSc for
paper-shell: Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and 4^'i;
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50®6
HONEY— Comb. ll®l2c for bright and 10@lle
for light amber; water white extracted, 6\iit
7c; light amber extracted, 6V4@6Hc; dark, 's^l
51^:- per Ib.
BEESWAX— 26®27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
BV4@9c for light medium, K'VMic for light. 12c
for extra light and 12V 2 'al3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 12@12i£c; Califor
nia Hams, ll'i!sl2c: Mess Beef. $13 per bb ,.
extra Mess Beef, $14: Family Beef, $15^15 so
extra Prime Pork, $12 50: .extra clear, ~sl6 50 :
mess. JIB© 15 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at r.V"'.V per lb for
compound and 6Vi ! | 37c for pure; half barrels
pure, 7' 4 c; 10-lb tins. 7%®Bc; .*.-lb tins, B(SB'4c '
COTTOLENE Tierces, 6}4'06%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case, ftw-'
3-lb pails. 20 In a case. B%c; 5-Ib palls, 12 in a
case, SV4c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S%c- 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, 7T»c wooden buckets 20
lbs net. B%c: fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7%0; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7*ic.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium. 9@9%c; light, 9c-
Cowhides, 3c; Stags, tic: Salted Kip, C ; Calf'
10c; dry Hides, pound, 16'ic; culls and brands'
14c: dry Kip and Veal, lfic; dry Calf 17c'-
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@35c each; short
Wool, 35<g50c each; 'medium. 60@75c; Ion? Wool
90c<g$125 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2<h2 50 for
large and $1 for small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 4tf4«ic per 1b; No
2, B®3%c; refined, ; grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquln' and
Southern, 7 months, Siixllc; Foothill and North
ern free, 11® 14c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive, Mfile: Nevada, U<Hl4c; San Joaquln Foot
hill free. 10<S12c; do defective, g@9 C ; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 16f517 Eastern Oregon i2(rß
14c for choice and 9@11%c for fair to good "
HOPS-1898 crop, 13@17 ] per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, sVi's?s%e; Wool
Bags. 26!g28c; San Quentin Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton;- New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $:.; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, IS B0 In bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14-
Cannel, $X 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in tacks. .■ ;
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6}ic;
Powdered, 6-% c; Candy Granulated, , r .%c; Dry
Granulated, 5V4c: Confectioners' A, s}ic; Cali
fornia A, r»c; Magnolia A, 4 7 ic; Extra C, 4^c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-l€c more; half-barrels,
Vie more; boxes, %c more: 50-lb bags, ',se more.
No order taken lor less than '75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market is quiet all around and un
changed.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6>i4j7c
for Cows.
• VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6H#7e; Ewes, 6c per lb
LAMB-Spring, 7%<gSc per lb.
PORK— Hogs. SH@S%C for small. E%c
for medium and SQSHc for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, Be; dressed Hogs. 7@B&c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
■ For Wednesday, June 28.
Flour, qr sks .... 12.272 Middlings. sks .. 1 fits
Barley, ctls 2.000 i Wool, bales •>*.s
Malt, ctls 440! Hay, tons 333
Corn, ctls, East. 600' Wine, gals 41 '50
Cheese, ctls 193 Tallow, ctlß ' 6
Butter, ctl3 426 Sugar, bhls 350
Oats, sks 20. Felts, bdls ...... 4 ">fii
Beans, sks 923 Hides, No 'SOS
Rye, ctls 1,400 Eggs, doz - 18,360
Potatoes, sks 2,091 Quicksilver, flks. 64
Onions, Eks ..... 610 Leather, rolls ... 141
Bran, sks- *-80Q|: : ■.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quiet on the morning session
and fluctuations were few and narrow.
On the afternoon call Gas and Electric de
clined to $70 50, and Giant Powder advanced to
$73 25. ■ ' I. ,■:_.
Mining stocks, were weak and lower in the
morning, but recovered in the afternoon,
though the best prices were below those of the
preceding day. The telegram from the pump
said: "In the last 48 hours the water has been
lowered a total of 12 feet. During each stop of
one hour and ten minutes the water rose 7
feet. At 6:30 a. m. the water was down 160
feet below the 1750 level. The elevator is run
ning steadily."
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay the
usual 50c per share dividend on July 1.
The Boston & Colorado Smelting Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of Hi
per cent, payable July 1.
During the past sixty days the De Lamar
mine in Eastern Nevada has cleaned up $100,000.
; The Dexter mine nt Tuscarora, New, has
made another shipment of $4000 in bullion and
i auro-cyanides valued at $2000 to Salt Lake City.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared a
dividend of 3.54 per cent on term deposits and
3.20 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits,
the lowest ever paid. No more term deposits
will be received, as the . bank hereafter will
treat all deposits as ordinary.
The Hibernia Bank has declared a dividend
at the rate of 3 1-3 per cent per annum on all
deposits.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 2S— 2 p. m.
Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Bonds— | Eqult G L Co. 6 B«4
Is quar c0up.. 114 — I Mutual El Co. 14V1 14%
Is quar reg... — — j Oakland Gas.. — 43
4s quar new. .130 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 72
Js quar coup. .108 108% Pac LCo — 43
Miscellaneous— 6 F <> & E.... 70U 71
Cal-st Cab 65. 114 - fln Fran Jv, 2%
C C Wat 65.. ..11 l 113 Stockton Gas. 13 .—
fc. L. & P 68.... 130}* — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.116U11S Firem's Fund.22o —
Oeary-st X 6s. — 100 Bank Stocks—
HC * 8 5%5..107% - Anglo-Cal .... - 65%
L A Ry 55... .106 107 Bank of Ca1. .275 —
l. A L Co 65. 101% — Cal S D & T. — 91
Do entd 65. 101% — First Nationl.22o —
L A L Co si. — 103 |U>n P & A.... — 121
Market-st 65. .129 - Mer Exchange— II
Do Ist M 55.. — 117 Nev Nat Bk.. — —
N C N G R 78.10% — j Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 65.. - 117 Ger S & L...1630 —
NR of Cal 6a. — 114 Hum S & L.1u50 U*»
NPC R R 6s. - — Mutual Say. 3.1 —
N P C R R 53.105 10814 p F Say U....512% —
N Cal R R Bs.lll - | b & L So.. - ' 86%
Dak Gas ..11l — Security SB — 30«
Oak Transt e.s.lOS^lll . Union T Co. — 14«
Oni C Hv t0. 127 I*) Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 65.107%10» California ....111 -
P & O 6s- 117 - i;^arv SO -
Powell-st 65. ..118 122V4 Market-st .... 61% 62«,
Sac El Ry sa. — - |n k 8L& H - -
SF& N P 68. - 116% Presidio - II
PF&SJV 1144114*; ' powder—
! -ierraß Cal 65.)05% - .California .... — 170
j6P of A 65... 113 113 V i! Dynamite... SO -
S PC 6s i ISO.") — — 'Giant Con Co. 72% 73' i
IB P CSs(l9O5) 112 112% ViKorit 3 38
IB P C65((1906) — — j sugar—
S P C la eg 55. 105 107 luana P C 0.... 17% 17 7 4
>? P Br 6s — 124% Haw C&SC. 99 -
■.S V Wat 65. ..116 — Hutch S P Co. 32* 33^
! S V Wat 45...103T41f>4* l iKllauea 8 Co.— —
t> V Wis(com). — 101% Onomea s Co.. — 4014
stktn Gas 65. .102% - Paauhau SP. 39' /2 39%
Water Stocks— | Miscellaneous—
1 Contra Costa.. 71% 71% Al Pac A55n..112%113
Mann C» 00 - .Uer L<l Wks.2so —
; Spring Valley. 100 ft 101 |Mer Ex Assn. SO —
I Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 84% —
< Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 1% 2%
Central G Co.. — - jp ac C Bor Co.lßo —
I Cent L & P.. 6% 7 Far Faint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
55 Contra Costa Water 71 12%
25 Giant Powder Con 71 50
25 Giant Powder Con 71 75
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 39 75
10 Paauhau 8 P Co : 39 75
10 Paauhau S P Co " 31* $•>%
20 Ban Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 23'
$5000 S F& S .1 V bonds 114 . r .O
30 Spring Valley Water 100 75
i $1000 SVG per cent bonds 116 25
$2000 S_V 6 per cent bonds 116 00
Street—
100 liana Plantation Co 17 75
Afternoon Session.
B'lfird—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 112 87%
140 Contra Costa Water 71 50
10 Giant Powder Con 72 50
150 Giant Powder Con 72 75
60 Giant Powder Con 73 00
."" Giant Powder con '. 73 25
175 Market Street Hallway 62 00
ICO Paauhau S P Co, h 30 a... 3:175
40 Paauhau S P Co ¥.... 39 62%
275 San Francisco Gas * Electric Co 70 f,O
1 Spring Valley Water 100 75
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 2 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
45 Hutcbinaon s P Co 33 60
50 H ana Plantation Co ..:. 17 75
Afternoon Session.
Roard —
10 Spring Valley Water 100 75
2." San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 37%
20 liana Plantation Co 17 75
30 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 71 Ou
100 Equitable Gas 5 12%
■T. Giant Powder Con 70 75
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
20 Contra Costa Water 71 12%
10 Giant Powder Con 71 7,'>
40 Hutchinson s P Co 33 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 85 00
20 Market Street Railway J. 62 00
20 Spring Valley Water .: 100 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2flO Andes 17 1 100 Ophlr 110
400 Belcher 36 ICO Overman ... 17
300 Bpst & Belcher 52 i inn Overman 16 j
400 Bullion 09 100 Potosl 48 I
250 Caledonia 70 200 Potosi 47 1
1100 Con Cal & Va.l 85 600 Potosi 46 i
200 Con Cal & Va.l 90; 400 Savage 27
100 Crown Point .. 26 300 Sierra Nevada. 69
100 Crown Point .. 2."i 1 50 Sierra Nevada, 6S
400 Gould & Curry .il 200 Union Con 40
300 Hale & Norcrs 36 f.OO Union Con .... 39
200 Justice 15 T'tah 12
200 Justice 14 300 Yellow Jacket. Si?
700 Mexican sfi
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 19 100 Kentuck 05
300 Best & Belcher . r ,S , 400 Mexican 63
500 Bullion 10 600 Ophir 1 20
100 Caledonia 70 100 Ophlr 1 25
700 Con Cal & Va.2 20 200 Overman 17
650 Con Cal & Va.2 25 SOO Potosl 50
20tl Exchequer 03 200 Seg Belcher Of*
3nn Gould * Curry 33 100 Union Con .... 47
600 Hale & Norcrs 3S 300 Union Con 46
100 Justice 131
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
, 1500 Andes 17 1200 Gould & Curry 31
200 Belcher 37 1200 Justice 15
200 Best & Belcher 52 50 Justice 14
200 Best & Belcher 51 200 Mexican 55
600 Best & Belcher 54 300 Mexican 56
1200 Best & Belcher 65 300 Mexican .-,7
300 Best & Belch»n 56 400 Mexican 64
1500 Bullion 09 200 Ophir 105
150 Caledonia '.. 65 400 Ophir 07%
300 Chollar : 33 200 Ophlr 110
1100 Con Cal & V...1 90 600 Ophlr 1 12%
GOO Con Cal & V.I 12% 300 Potosi 43
600 Con Cal & V...1 95 400 Sierra Nevada. 70
460 Con Cal & V...2 00 450 Sierra Nevada. 71
300 Con Cal & V.I 97% 550 Sierra Nevada. 73
200 Confidence 100 150 Sierra Nevada. 72
300 Crown Point .. 27 500 Union Con 41
500 Gould & Curry 30 £00 Union Con 42
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha <*» 200 Confidence. 1 05
700 Andes ...i IS 200 Confidence 100
200 Belcher 40 300 Gould & Curry 33
200 Best & Belcher 57 700 Gould & Curry 34
1300 Best & Belcher 68 500 Gould & Curry 32
300 Best & Belcher 59 200 Hale & Norcrs 38
lino Best & Belcher 60 200 Mexican 63
800 Chollar 33 400 Mexican ,
400 Chollar 34 800 Mexican 65
100 Con Cal & V...2 0.". 500 Ophlr 1 15
100 Con Cal & V.2 07%- 200 Ophlr 1 20
400 Con Cal & V...2 10 200 Ophir 1 22..
300 Con Cal & V.2 12% 200 Potosi r-o'
800 Con Cal & V...2 15 400 Savage Jl
300 Con Cal & V.2 17U j ami Savage ;<■•
500 Con Cal & V...2 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 75
200 Con Car & V.2 22". 400 Yellow Jacket. 40
200 Con Cal & V...2 25 200 Yellow Jacket. 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Justice '. 12 14
Alta 09 11 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 18 20 Lady Wash .... 01 02 1
Belcher 37 39 Mexican 65 66 i
Best & Belcher 59 60 Occidental 26 29 I
Bullion 09 10 Ophlr .120125
Caledonia ...... 69 —Overman 17 1$
('hollar ...:..... 34 3." Potosi .......... 50 61
Challenge Con.. 32 —.Savage 30 32
Confidence Inol 05 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.2 20 230 Seg Belcher.... OS 09
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 76 77
Crown Point... — 30 Silver Hill .... 01 —
Eureka Con — 40 Syndicate ...... — . 05
Con New York. — 03 Standard ...... —2 40
Exchequer ..... 02 04 St Louis 10 16
Gould & Curry 33 34 Union Con 45 46
Hale & .Norcrs 38 40 Utah 14 15
Julia 02 —"Yellow Jacket. 41 42
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
■ Estate of Thomas A. Neate (by A. C, Freesp,
administrator) to Covinjjton Johnson, lot on SK
corner of Oak and Octavla streets, E 50 by s
SO: JS3OO.
Bruno Liebert (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Sax'lnßS and Loan Society,
lot on N line of Grove street, 82:6 W of Gouith
W 31 by N 68:9: J6791.
Estate of George F. Sharp (by John Hunt
executor) to Marshall and Sadie F. Falrfleld"
lot on NE corner pf Thirteenth and Stelner
streets, N MO, E 1!U:3, S 116:5. W 192; fID.SOO.
John Hunt to same, same; $10.
.T"Seph and Bertha Pudtle to C. W. Han<<en
and Alexander Haln, lot nn W line of Baker
street. 49:6 S of Page, W 100 by S 22: $10.
Estate Hannah Kelly (by HuKh Flynn ex
ecutor) to James Fltzslmmons, lot on E line
of Minna street, 156 S ot Fourteenth, S 2"> by
E 80; $1200.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
E. Ottens. lot on X line of Howard street, 9.",
8 of Twenty-second, B 86 by E 100; ?
James and Kathcrlne A. Herrmann to Mar
cus J. Netter, undivided half of the following:
Lot on E lino of Stockton street. GO S of Slitter,
S 4') by E B0; also 1..t on SW corn.-r of Green
and Webster streets, 8 187:8 by W 103:1%; Si'i" 1 ' 1
Potrem Nu.vo Land Company to Joseph B.
Coryell, lot on NW corner of Kansas and Ala
medii streets, N 360 by W 200; $10.
Joseph B. Coryell to Mountford S. Wilson,
lot on NW corner of Alameda and Kansas
street < N 2.V), W 100 N 110, W 100, S 360, h.
2U": $10.
Henry W and Annie Hook to Edwin Orrett.
lot on W line of lowa street, 75 N of Solano,
N 25 by \v too; $io.
Washburn Sk Moen Manufacturing Company
to American Steel and Wire Company of New
York (a corporation), lot bounded on the N
by Army street, E by Illinois. S by Marin and
W by Kentucky; $1000.
Olacomo and Laura Moscone to Antonio
Chiapeilone. lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 12-">
S of Lake street. S 25 by E 120; $1000.
Caroline T Phillips to Harry Lacey, lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avt-nu»\ 123 N of W street.
N 2". by X 12"; $10
Sarah ar.d Frank Kortick to Ella E. Curtln
(wife of I' A.) lot <. n NW line of Mission
street. 288:6K sw of Boswortb, SW 30 by NW
75: $10.
Emma Provensal iFlncrl?) to Marie Provensal
(widow), lots i.SI to <">S3, 585, 5*9. Gift Map 1:
also property in State of California: also all
Interest in estate of Jean Provensal; $100.
Alameda County.
George E. and Kmmeline L. Bates to Del
phina T. Byrone, lot 11, block 8, Herzog Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Same to same, undivided half interest in fol
lowing: Lots 7 to 12, lots 1 to G, blo^k B, lota
3, 4. 7. 8. 10. 11 and 12, block C, same; also
undivided half of lots 1 to 6. block A. lots 7
to 12. block B. lota 1, 2, 5, fi. 9 and 10, block
C, same. Berkeley: SI.
Alameda Building and Loan Association to
tame, same. Alameda; $1600.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
June 28, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
; '
SUN. MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortiy of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutep later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same it both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column (fives the second tide of
i the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right-hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
; three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
| given are additions to the soundings on the
| United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. June 28.
Stmr Genree LoomlS, Brldgett. 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich, 12 days from
Corinto, etc.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwinsr, 47 hours from Re
dondo.
Haw ship Fort George. Morse. 28 days from
Honolulu.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 21 days
from Hiln.
Haw hark Mauna Ala, Smith. 23 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn George C Perkins. Maas. 25 days from
Mahukcna.
Schr Mildred. Kindlen, 2S days from Ka
hului.
Schr John A. Nilsson. 3 days from Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. 20 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Volant, Morrison, 5 days from Coquille
River.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. lfi hours from Bowens
Land in™
Schr Olga, Ipsen. 25 days from Kahului.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 28.
Stmr Bonita, Nlrolson, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & CO.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall
Perkins A Co.
Bktn W H Dlmond, Nilson, Honolulu- J D
Spreckels; & Bros Co.
Schr Joseph Russ, Petersen, Santa Rosalia-
Felix Santallier.
Stmr Peru. Frlele. Panama, etc: P M S S Co
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 2S.
Stmr Peru, Friel«, Panama, etc
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. .
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. .
Stmr Valencia. Lane. Manila, via Honolulu
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City
Stmr Whiteboro, Johnson. — — .
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Cleone. HigEins, Caspar, with schr S
Danielson in tow.
Stmr Progreho. Monroe. Seattle.
Bark Oakland. Aokerman, Everett.
Brig J D Spreckels. Christensen, Mahukona
Schr S Danielson. Crangle, Siuslaw River in
tow stmr Cleone.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 28, W p m-Weather
hazy: wind west: velocity 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Balclutha loads lumber on the Sound tor
Sydney, fas.
SPOKEN.
May 21. lat 7 N long 20 W-Fr bark Europe,
from Swansea, for Baa Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. June 2S-Ship Cyrus Wakeneld.
from New York, for San Francisco, put back
to Falkland Islands June 18 with captain dead.
Has sustained slight damage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived June 27-Schr
Guide, hence June 16.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 2S— Bktn
Wm Carson, from Eureka; schr Sequoia, from
Port Tnwnsend.
NEAH RAY— Passed June 27— Stmr Walla
Walla, hrnce June 25, for Victoria. June 2S—
Stmr Mackinaw, from Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 28— Stmr Fulton for
San Francisco.
Arrived June 2S— Schr Novelty, hence June 17
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 2S— Stmr Novo'
hence June 27.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 28— Stmr Weeott. for
San Francisco; sehr Jessie Minor, for Hono
lulu; schr J G Wall, for San : Francisco. ■.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Juri«2S— Schr Bertha
Dollar,, Eureka.' •-" : • ■;.':■ "•.••' :-•:'
Sailed June 2S— Stmr L-ue.Ha. for — ■. .'■:■. ".
SAN DlEGO— Arrived June :2S-Stmr Alca- ■
zar. ■ • . •'• :■ -' : •">"/.: • :._•'
Sailed June 28— Schr American Girl, for Port
Gamble.- ■•'■■■'' ■> • . . . ■ '
BOWENg.' LANDING— June' 2S— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco. . .: . .' :
EASTERN PORTS, ■:;•■■■
PHILADELPHIA.— Arrived June 27-Ship
TiUie EStarbuck. .from HllQ. \..":'\ -'. ■ :
' FOREIGN PORTS. = .
ANTWERP— Arrived June -26— Br ship Ga!
sate, from Oregon; Ger ship Margretha from
Oregon; Hr ship Bala^ore, from Oregon. June
27— Br ship Walter. H Wilson,' from Tacoma
CARDIFF- Arrived June 26— Ger ship Schiff
bek, from Tacoma. • . .
COLON— Arrived June 26— Stmr Finance,, fm
New York.
FLUSHING— Arrived June 25— Ship Dirigi
from Tacoma: Br slip Sprinpbank. from Ta
coma. June 26— Ger ship Najade, from Oregr n
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 27— Br .-ship
Merioneth, for Antwerp .
MANCHESTER— June 26— Br si in
Miltonburn, hence Feb 2
HONGKONG— Sailed June 2S— Br stmr Em,
press of India, for Vancouver.
N ANA I Mo- Sailed June 27— Stmr :Mlrieola,;
for Port Los Angeles.
Arrived June 27— Bark Theobald, hence Ju-.*
14.
HAMBURG— Arrived June 28— Ger bark Ar
temis, from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. -Sailed June 2S-^-Br sh'u
Port Logan, for San Diego. .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEEN.STOWN — Arrived June 28 — Stmr
Pervia. from New York, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG— SaiIed June Stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
Arrived previously, June 2S— Stmr Gaelic, fm
San Francisco) etc; stmr Victoria, from Ta
coma, etc.
MURORAN Sailed June 28— Stmr Robert:
Adam.son, for Nanaimo. —
NEW YORK— Arrived June 28— Stmr Aura
nia, from Liverpool.
Sailed June 2S— stmr St Paul, frr South-:
ampton; stmr Majestic, for Liven stmr
Westernland, for Antwerp.
GLASGOW— Arrived June 28— Stmr Furnessa,
from New York.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived June 28— Stmr E.lam.
from New York.
CHRISTIAN LAN I)— Arrived June 2S-Ptm-
Norge, from New York, for Copenhagen and;
Stettin. :.'-:'.:
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 2S— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam,, arid pro
ceeded.
OCEAN TB.AVEI*
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO,
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
i Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS, GOLO
YIN-BAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through hills of lading given. : ■-. ■-. ; . . . ■ : .
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., • San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
J^j. Steamerß leave Broadway
'^rariifc wharf. San Francisco:
JlSSaat^. F o r Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
llVcßw^ June 15 ' x - 2S - 30; JulT s>
kK i^U^Ea chance at Seattle. ; . : '
' 1 mSn 91 For Victoria, Vancouver (B-
-! t flBKfljIBMl C), Port Townsend. Seattln.
; I'^^^BB^Bh Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
i 10 a. m., June 15. 20. 25. 30;
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter: change
i at Seattle to this company's steamers for
, Alaska and Q. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
■ Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ■ ' .:
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jnns.
i 18. 23, 28; July S, and every fifth day there-
after.
, For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
, Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 25. 29; July 3.
; j and every fourth day thereafter. -
I For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
■ Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
i m.. June 15. 19. 23. 27; July 1. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay, San Jose' del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Roealta
I and Guaymas <Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
i : month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
'. without previous notice steamers. . sailing dates
i 1 an *yr-rirm nf"«i>Otne
: TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKTNS A CO.. Gen. Art*..
10 Mnrk»t ft.. Ran Fr»nr!«ro.
THE 0. H. & N. CO,
rtyop \ti*' t pact cjjr^ATKrjc; to
PORTLAND
Prom Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *' 2 Firm Ola*'* Including Herth*
iMIIL $8 Second Clan* and Meal*. . -.
Columbia sails June 22; July 2. 12, 22. •.
State of California sails June 17. 21; July 7.
: 17. 27. •:■'-..
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.-
Helena and all point* In the Northwest. ■
Through tickets to all points East.' • .'.:.-
E. C. WARD. General Agent. ' ■ "•■
. .. ■■ .■■ ' ?30 Market street; ■ ;
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO,. . ' ■
-,?:.'' - : ~ ■ Superintendent: ,'_'-.
: : AMERICAN LINE. I: ■
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON,' PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.' ' • : '..••
From New York. Kv'v Wednesday, .10 a. m.
! St. Louis July TNew York- ...August .1 ■
| New York July 12 <=t. Louis .'...Augvst 5..
j St. Paul July in St. Paul. August M. .
RED STAR LINE. .
New York and Antwerp.; : '■■. -
From New York Every Wednesday;- 12 nnoii. .
j Kensington July "trtdria -. ..July'2B
Noordland July 12 Pouthwark ...August J
Frlesland July IS Westernland ....Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE. . .; :
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City. .:
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to ■ . • ■ -.-■ -
; INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its- agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
I C TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
i ' ncr First and Brannan streets, lpm foi
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, raiting at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. : '.:" ■
NIPPON MARr Wednesday. July 5
, AMERICA MART' .....Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fot
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PHMlMmntf P The S. S. Australia
dKfIRIE sails for Honolulu
f^nill* Monday. July 3. at 1
(^/\^\ P S Mariposa s^ils
v Sltf:inrcnin,-) via Honolulu and
GHCdllljllllJ 6 - 7 Auckland for Sydney
fsmFfflf?£l~ Wednesday. July 12.
VyillWUlCfep at ,o r- m-
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Frei9h|OWcc. 327 Market st -
COMPAOHIE GENERATE TRANBATLANTIQDB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, ,^JJg»
Sailing every "vor^Ri-r/U m. <££££
Mo^or^t L, 4 CH AMPAGN E. &* 8; LA
NORMANDIE Tuly July 29: LA TOURAINE,
August 1 First-class to Havre. |«5 and up-
Au*V£t 5 Firrt-olass to Havre. W5 and up-
ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45; 10 per cent reduction
on round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR
n VT r TF STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
\vav (llud-on buildinp). New York. J. F. TV-
CAZI &CO Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
ery aye.. San Francisco. .
"IIAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE. '••
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
' TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE-.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct. !
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-.
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. New York. . .
HERZOG & C 0.." Gen Agents Pacific Coast.;
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor Sansome. and ■.
118 Montgomery st. San Franrisro. ' '_•
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS,
THE STEAMER H. J. • CORCORAN.
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular ' steamer* .
leave Washington-street wharf at ■ p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday). •*■ _»,••_„, '.
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO. t *
Telephone Main 805. ■ ■ ' '■- -jiM
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. '/,
Steamer "Monticello." . .■ .*
MON. Tues . Wed. ThUT*. ana Sat. at 0:43 <
a. m.. S:l5. 8:J0 p. m.(ex. Thurs. night); *Ti- I
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., i I
p m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock, f
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. • : . •
, FARE ........ ,-i „....»..«.. «»^JOE LANKTREE JR,
SAVED BY HIS
SISTER'S NERVE
Severed the Arteries
of His Wrist.
AT..'- » -The life of Joe
14-year-old son of Mr.
B. I.anktree. wns saved
; • • '■" of mind and
Ittie Bister Susie, scarcely
The lad fell on a broken
g the flesh of his left wrist
I i vcring the principal
md veins. The boy's mother
■ the sight of the blood that
from '.!:«• frightful gash, but his
iter a.. - ■ •;.. to th asiou, and
• r brother was air .
. I '-.md his v.
and checked the flow and then hurried
away for assistance.
Dr. C. H. Lubbock., who was summoned,
says the little fellow would in all likeli
hood have bled to death before he arrived
had It not been for the skillful manner in
which his little tot of a sister bandaged
his wounds.
The accident happened about dusk, last
night. Joe and Susie Lanktree and a com
panion named Willie Horst were Rather-
Ijig- bottles In the back yard of the Lank
trei? premises,": 9l4' Pacific avenue, which
fhc-y Intended to seU in order to pet "fire
cracker money." Joe spied an unusually
large bottle, and in running to p<'t it
Mtiinbl'.-d ami fell into a pile of broken
glass. He struck with great force on his
V.-.fX wrist, the sharp edge of a piece of
£i-ass cutting the flesh down to the bone.
..The blood •spurted from the papniK
■jVuuiid. covering the injured lad and his
•Jltlle playmates. With rare presence, of
":Hilnd they hurried the boy, who was faint
.3'Kjnv the" shook, into the house. As soon
'us Mrs. Lanktree; v. ho was alone at the
tjme saw the three children covered with
blood and the red fluid spurting over the
furniture and wails from the wound in
her boy's wrist, she fell to the -floor In a
faint. * . /■_■■. . nafore
Little Miss Susie pulled off her pinafore
and tearingr it into strips began to ban
dare her brother's arm. She took several
pieces and twistea-.it tightly into the flesh
between^the wound and the elbow and
noon had the flow or blood checked, but
not until the injured lad was so weak that
lie was helpless.
• The little girl then summoned assistance
from the helghb'orstand sent for a doctor.
She did hot seenv to think that she had
done anything unusual. She said her
teacher had read to her one day about
twisting Something above a wound to stop
the tlow of- blood, and as soon as she saw
the gashes, in her brother's wrist she
thought of what her teacher had read to
L'r. Lubbock said that the lad bled pro
fusely and that the accident would un
questionably have had a rtous and '.prob
ably fatal termination had It not been for
the" masterly manner in which the little
girl dressed her brother's Injuries.
HOTEL GUESTS ROBBED
OF COSTLY DIAMONDS
THEIR TRUNKS BROKEN OPEN
AND GEMS STOLEN.
The Police on the Trail of a Former
Servant, Who Is Supposed to
Be in Chicago.
Tho police are r.n the trail of the daring :
■ ■ i: ' • lieu
'■ i • is said •
■ tis momentarily
. Mr.-. Felt and
rrivlng In
In the
ir trunk* were store,', the
I ...
to the
their return they found
. ■ ks. had been broken open
■
. imunlcafed with
I ! »man
• be t ij-i. i.
• .The 'detectives visited the hotel and
ait'T . a* --.'thorough investigation became
< ynvirieed- that <v 'servant named McElroy
was the!- ".culprit. Evidently fearing ar;
rest; .ho suddenly' left the- city, and was
■filially-. traced to Chicago.
• Several . days ajrp McElroy wrote to a
relative in Oakland, asking him to send
•tho' l>ox- which. h-ad contained the dia
mond's to 16 South Park, Chicago, his
jirf^ent address. -Thn letter was turned
over to the. police.- of Oakland, and subse
<ju^ntiy forwarded- to Chief Lees.
■ He at. once telegrar>he4 to- the police of '
Chicapo. ir.striietiHK them to keep a strict •
watch on McElroy. and endeavor to locate '
the- stolen- gems.
nan and "Wren have been
■ is.i two days, h ■
tre'er. Th<
■ m.« ry last night, but In
t they v.« : ■ ■ rack of the
• .- have him b
■
TIME TO HEAR FROM
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER
. : At the last ■ ting of the Board of Re
./iji-nts Benjamin Me Wheeler of Cornell
;-'Svas elected; president of the University
■>.:'of: California to Succeed Martin Kellogg.
...Regent .Arthur R< dgers intimated that
.;i)r. Wheeler would come to California
'.and accept the position if the Regents
> should:! be unanimous. In ■ requesting his
• -services.* The;. record of the meeting
fiiows that Dr. Wheeler was unanimously
: elected, but his acceptance Is not an
nounced. The first news of his election
•'•as given 'to him at Ithaca, .\". v., by a ■
GBAFE-NUTS.
♦ ♦ ♦ t t t ♦ f »-t~H-9
| A BUTTER)
I HINT. 1
+ (See Bslow.) +
: :
♦ Why Use Cream With Your ♦
t t\
I Grape = Nuts? ±
t • |
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦•*♦♦
AN OILY HABIT.
Th ' ! are people who become uncon-
sciously addicted to the butter habit;
that is to say, they like butter and
gradually eat a little more as the
months go by, until they find they have j
consumed, each meal, quite a quantity)
of fat. that they have not vitality
. . enough to properly digest
This indigested substance causes
• more or less catarrh of the stomach
■; and trouble with the bowels " lomacn
.:".. The remedy, of course, is to largely !
. i nt down the allowance of butter and
..for two or three nights sup nearly a
■quart of. very hot water Just before
. going to- bed. This washes out the
/.'stomach and. bowels and gives them
...renewed; vitality- Then the person
Bhould, for.-.a. few mornings at least
''.rely on good, rich cream, with Grape- i
.;. Nuts, for breakfast, letting out the but- '
.-•.ter altogether.' The -cream gives all the
■fat. needed. . ' ■ HH^' " •■
',] , Grape-Nuts and cream furnish an
.'.' ideal, portion of any breakfast. Price
•15 cents per package. . ..... .... j
Call correspondent. The eminent educa
tor was gratified when he was told of
his election, but he said nothing to indi
cate whether he would accept or decline.
i A definite answer by wire from Dr.
' Wheeler is dally exported. Last evening
a_ message came that he had pone to New
York to meet Mrs. Hearst on her return
, from Europe. It is supposed that he Is
1 withholding his reply until he has had an
. interview with Mrs. Hearst, whose gen
' erous support of the university has given
, the institution special prominence. Mrs.
Hearst, although a regent, did not desire
, to participate In the election of president
of the university. On the contrary, she
expressed a wish that the question might
settled during her absence. To ,x
--; Governor Budd and several of the regents
t she has spoken of plans for the extension
- of the university and of her readiness to
: contribute means from her own fortune to
advance the development. It may be as
isumed. therefore, that Dr. Wheeler de-
Sires to l>t- fully informed regarding the
measure of support which she has in view.
Her attitude toward the university will
probably Influence his course. •
The constitution of the State of Cali
fornia declares that the university shall
constitute a public trust, and that it shall
be entirelj Independent of all political or
sectarian Influence, and kept free there
: from In the appointments of its regents
1 and in the administration of its affairs.
The law of the State provides that an
annual tax of two cents on each $100 shall
be levied for the support of the uni
ty. The declaration of the constitu
tion should dispel all doubt as to the
permanency of the institution, and the
provision In the statute should give as
surance of its future financial support,
i These pledges of maintenance would al
lure an ordinary president, but I>r.
Wheeler la said to possess m.ire than or
j dinar>' accomplishments, and therefore
has a right to expect more than ordinary
Inducements.
Regi ■ • Rodgera may be able at the
meeting next Saturday to produce positive
assurance "f l>r. Wheeler's acceptance.
The salary was fixed at Jin.ivyi per annum,
so that the new preside nt may have Buffl
■ : ey to entertain his friends. In
East Dr. Wheeler is in demand as a
irer, ills salary at Cornell Is less
than (19,000, but his lecture receipts make
fference between his regular
tlon and thr> sum of $10,0*
annum. No reason exists why Dr. Wheel
bould not lecture In California and
gather In a f. w thousand dollars on the
Dr. Jordan occasionally giv< a a
breezy talk on the lecture platform, and if
ea not get paid for hi.-- discourse it
is because he lacks sagacity In the field •>(
nee. I >r. Wheeler ought to bi em ur
, aca to come, as good speak ■ ■
numerous In I 'alifornia. Tl ■ Hi Id la
: Lily Inviting since General Barnes
swears that he will never make another
, speech which does not begin with the
words, "May it please your Honor."
ANGELS RETIRE
AND
LAMBARDI REIGNS
Back to the Alhambra Go
the Italian Singers
Under Their Own Man
agement.
BY fISHTOI^ STEVENS
MOROSCO has rnme into hia
own and bo has T-ambardl.
The Lambarrlis are now
Lambardis Indeed, for the
good sipnor whose name they hear has
parted oompany with his Los Angeles
(translation: those angels) managers
and rented the Alhambra for a term of
days. Once again will these amiable
Italians pack up their clothes and
scenery and move int i the Eddy-street
theater. In the Alhambra to-night the
removal will be celebrated by a per
formance of "Mignon." So far the
Lambardi engagement has been a
hard-luck story, the result of wild man
agement. Good singers galore are in
the company. Such a bunch of princi
pals we never have heard outside of the
big organizations. Put the chorus is
bad, the orchestra worse, st.^.- man
agement still worse, and the leader
lacking in magnetism and authority.
We have been willing t<» applaud the
individual artist but not the ensemble.
The productions have been wanting in
distinction; they have i>>-.-n crude and
provincial. The company has needed a
manager, a weeder, a sorter, a chorus
master, a disciplinarian. Had the right
man with the right capital behind him
presented this company to San Fran
cisco there might have been another
story in the box-office. As it is, the
Lambardis have suffered pecuniary
disaster for which the town will be held
in blame by the musical enthusiasts.
The truth is there is too much opera
for San Francisco to support. Compe
tition in this line has not stimulated the
crowd, only bored It Walt a little while
and in the survival find the lit t ♦ - s t .
"Manon Lescaut" was the opera in
which the Lambardi company sang
farewell to the California last ni^ht.
A beautiful piece it is, Bcored in the
musical dialect of the day and full of
moving moments. In its class in
ferior only to the same composer's
"Boheme." How my colleagues fought
this opinion of mine when the two
were first produced here by Del Conte!
But time lias vouched the supremacy
of the "Boheme. '' "Manon" is ur
gently dramatic at times, Binashingly
orchestrated, but strenuous, too stren
uous on the whole, and too saccharine
in the last two acts. "Boheme" is a
masterpiece without an effort. But
why argue at this time of day?
"Manon" was very prettily sung and
very badly produced in the California
last night. The orchestra was better
than usual and still bad, the chorus
was the awful same. The principals
had the triumphs, which is all wrong
when Puccini writes the music and the
opera is the thing. Miss Sostegni was
almost thrilling in Manon; she missed
a lot of the part's caprice and humor
and she was anything but musical in
some of her top notes; but she gave
the character, a tremendously difficult
(.lit-, a fair Identity and easily merited
the shouts of approval that followed
her efforts in the passionate scenes.
Badaracco was exorbitantly good as
the Chevalier, much more successful
than AffOStinl of the Del Conte com
pany, for his voice was fresh and free
in the final scenes that always ex
hausted his predecessor in the part.
As the tenor role of "Boheme" belongs
to Agostini, so does this one in
"Manon" belong to Badaracco. The
rest of the cast was in no manner re
markable.
Want a Place on the Ticket.
The Social Ivabor party yesterday filed
with the Registrar of Elections a petition
for a place on the ticket at the coming
election.
The registration office will be open this
evening from 7:30 to 9:30. The Election
Commission will meet at B o"ciock to
night to examine citizens of the Twenty
eighth, Twenty-ninth and Thirty-fifth
districts as to their qualifications to serve
as election officers.
A Gun Parted Them.
' F. Calonge, 1005 Franklin street, and S.
Delote, who is employed in the Alameda
stock yards, have been friends for years.
About Six weeks ago Caloage loaned De
lote a gun valued at $200, as be was to
go hunting, and when Calonge asked for
l's return he could not get it. Yesterday
he swore" to a complaint in Judge Tread
well's court charging Dilute with felony
embezzlement. ■ -._•-.-•- - - ' -- —^_^
THE SAN FR AX CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
CHURCH BURNED
TO THE GROUND
AT HAYWARDS
Grass Fire Spreads to
the Building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, June 28.
The Methodist Church at Haywarda was
sacrificed this afternoon to the desire to
have a glorious Fourth. Haywards is
preparing a great celebration for next.
Tuesday, and this afternoon some young
fellows were busy burning sections of dry
grass in different parts of town; this is
being done as a precautionary measure
against possible dangers from fire during
the celebration.
One of the largest of the grass plats is
on B street, near the Methodist Church.
The trrass was set on fire, and it was
thought a careful watch was being kept
to prevent it reaching any of the adjoin
ing buildings. The insidious flames, how
ever, crept along the undergrowth and
soon reached the church and burned their
way through the walls. The fire was not
discovered in the church until it hud a
good start, and the wood being so dry the
progress of the flames was very rapid.
The Volunteer Fire Department re
sponded to the call, but could do noth
ing, as the church burst into flames on
all sides. A stiff breeze ad. led to the dif
ficulties of the firemen. Bom* 1 of the
church furniture was saved, but the
building Is a total wreck. It was valued
at 12000, and was built only a few years
ago.
The question is being discussed as to
whether the church has not a claim
against thus..- who started the grass lire.
It Is not known whether they were em
ployed by the celebration committee r
whether they were acting independently.
SNOW ABOUT READY
TO APPOINT MILLER
COUNCTLMEN TAKE A HAND IN
THE DEAL.
Police Commissioners Defer Action on
Many Matters Till the New
Fiscal Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
r*"iS Broadway, June 2-.
Tho Board of \\ orka will prohaMy re
appoint Mr. MiiK-r Superintendent of
Streets within a couple of weeks. The
Mayor ha? boon making some inquiries
into the conduct of the Street Department
and is apparently satisfied that Mr. Miller
is competent. All kinds of pressure has
!.. en broughi to bear on the Mayor to
force him to vote for Mr. Miller, and Mr
Snow has refused to be hurried. It now
looks as though the Mayor ia ready to
act.
At this morning's meeting Mr. Dow
moved that the Miller resolution be re
ferred back to the committee of the
whole, ami this was done. This means
that the Mayor is ready to reconsider his
former action on th»» plan to support
Miller. There was a caucus of Council
men last evening for the purpose of try-
Ing t<> induce the Mayor to vote for
Miller. It ended satisfactorily, though
with nothing definite on the part of the
r. He has state,) positively that he
not be a puppet In the hands of any
political clique, and he Is taking his own
time.
On motion of the Mayor S. H. Hare
was appointed to keep In condition the In
tersection ot Seventh and Market Btreets.
Several of the Improvement clubs have
advocated the keeping of men at certain
points for the purposi of attending to the
Btreets continually, and this la the
move in the establishment of
"c. nters."
When the members met as Police ami j
Fire Commissioners they carried out the
mmendationa discussed in committee
; ly. M. Hallahan was appointed an
extraman on No. 5 engine; the appoint
ment of Charles Hammerton as detective
is laid over; the rescinding of the ap-'
ment of the Chief of Police's clerk
is laid over; the resolution referring to
William Quigley of the detective for."
was laid over; the cases of John Rohan
and James Brannen will be discussed in
the committee of the whole; the recom
mendation of Chief Hall that extraman J.
B. Kramer l>e removed for neglect of duty
and that George Planer be appointed to
thi vacancy was also referred.
LETTER-CARRIERS TO PICNIC AT
SCHUETZEN PARK.
The sick fund of the Letter Carrier*'
Mutual Aid Association will without
doubt be materially increased as a result
of the £rand excursion and picnic to be
given under the auspices of the organiza
tion at California Schuetzen Park, San
Rafael, next Sunday.
The committees an working tireless;;- to
Insure the Buccesa of the affair, and it. is
expected that a large attendance will be
attracted, especially as over 300 gat< .
pimp and raffle prizes will be distributed. |
Prominent among these are a handsome
(•M.kn,f, r range ; s r i * i an order for a $30
portrait. A Cakewalk for valuable prizes
will tn' one of the interesting features,
The boats will leave Tiburon Ferry, foot
of Mark, t street, at ft:uu. 11:00, 1:30 ;im\
3:30 o'clock. Returning, the train will
leave the park at 6:30 p. m. Following are
I he committees in charge:
Committee of arrangements— H. M.
Locke, chairman: W. \V. O'Neill, secre
tary; Thomas Nixon, treasurer; <ieorge
W. Spiller, w. J. Pheian. K. D. Barton,
James E. Haedrlch, Joseph I. Hogan,
John F. O'Connor. Joseph McGill, H. B.
Beall, James C. 'Murphy, H. Schaeffer,
James H. Smith.
Floor manager— B. F. Ames Jr.; as
sistant floor manager— R. D. Barton.
Floor committee— L. Cameß, J. S. Sulil
van T. B. Mahoney, 11. F. l.»pan. S.
Banders, Robert H. Morse, J. E. Welch,
W. H. McNulty, Conrad Frieber, L. i.
Marks.
(James committee— T. C. McAuliffe,
chairman: R. M. Locke, F. E. Smith. A.
B, Goetz, M. Ott, Frank Tyrrell.
Shooting committee — L. E. Bowln, chair
man; J. E. O'Neill, W. F. Ducommon, F.
W. Fahrenholz.
Raffle committee— George W. Spiller.
Joseph I. Hogan. R. B. Beall. \V. J.
Pheian.
MAY HAVE BEEN POISONED.
Henri Portier Drank Milk and Died
Four Hours Later.
Henri Portier, a wine merchant, resid
ing at 617»/2 Valencia street, died about 5
O'clock yesterday afternoon and his body
v.is take;] to the Morgue, where an au
topsy will he performed to-day to ascer
tain the cause of death. Portier was taken i
ill about 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and Dr. Austin was called in to attend
him. He gave the patient some medicine,
but the latter expired four hours after
ward.
B< tore he died Portier said that he ne
liev< >i himself to have been poisoned by
milk which he drank shortly before he
was taken ill. His wife says that two j
weeks ago she also had been seized with !
a serious illness after drinking milk from
the same dairy.
Dr. Austin states that he can find no
trace of poison and ascribes heart disease
as the cause of death. The case will be
investigated to-morrow.
HOW TO STOP HEMORRHAGES.
Professor , Senn Explains the Best
'• •' Technical Methods.
The lecture-room of Cooper Medical Col
lege was filled last night with a select
gathering of ladies and gentlemen, mostly
interested in the medical profession, to
hear a lecture by Professor Nicholas Senn
of the Rush Medical College. Chicago, one
of the most eminent surgeons and path
ologlsts of the present day.
The subject was "Prophylactic Hemo
stasis." or in plain words, the best means
of stopping hemorrhages. The eminent ;
lecturer talked for over an hour and was j
listened to with the closest attention.
In Introducing his subject he said: "The
intelligent selection and employment of ap
propriate and efficient prophylactic meas
ures are as important and of as far-reach-
value in surgery- as tomedjclpe.'^and 1
he went on dividing it into different heads,
including elevation, elastic constriction,
the elastic constrictor and its application,
special localities for elastic constriction
as a prophylactic hemostatic, hip joint,
shoulder joint, head, manual compression
of the aorta, digital compression, prelim
inary ligation of arteries in their contin
uity, temporary ligation of arteries, per
cutaneous temporary ligation of arteries
and veins, galvano and thermo earner and
angiotripsy.
At the conclusion of the lecture a large
number of physicians were introduced to
the lecturer by Professor Lane, and the
hope was expressed that he would permit
them to see him operate before taking his
departure from the city.
HEROIC RESCUE OF
A BRAVE YOUNG WOMAN
BOLiINAS, June 2S.— That Miss Mary
Stephens, a handsome young lady who
Is spending the summer, here, did not lose
her life in the treacherous waters of Bo
llnas Bay yesterday was due solely to her
presence of mind. Her rescue from a
perilous position was barely effected, but
without the coolness she herself mani
fested no rescue could have been possi
ble.
Miss Stephens is a girl of splendid phy
sique, an excellent swimmer, and fre
quently while bathing goes a good dis
tanve out into the surf. Yesterday after
noon shf swam as far out as the channel
and floated with the current.
When she started to return she found
that she had made no allowance for. the
strong tide running, and battle as she
would, she was slowly swept out toward
the ocean. As her strength was fast fall
ing she ceased to struggle, and, turning
on lier back, floated along crying for help.
Her shouts w.re heard by Charles Cline.a
Mill Valley painter, who rushed into the
surf, but could not overtake the girl.
Walking back to the shore, Cline ran
along the beach to a point 2(JO yards ahead
of Mis- Stephens and swam out in time
to reach her as she was being swept
across the bar. After a struggle lasting
ten minutes the brave rescuer reached
shore with his almost unconscious burden,
and sank exhausted on the sand.
The heroic act was witnessed by a large
crowd, who cheered heartily when both
were safe.
COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON
AS A PHILANTHROPIST
NEW YORK, June 28.— Collis P. Hunt-
Ington has undertaken another philan
thropic enterprise in the South. Within
the last fortnight he has purchased in
Hanover County, Virginia, some little,
distance above Richmond, a tract of 135>)
acres, on which he will have erected the
first reformatory for negro children In
Virginia. Save for an institution at Bir
mingham. Ala., t he entire South is said
to be barren of such institutions, and the
thousands of a race that furnishes more
than its proportion of offenders to the
Jails and penitentiaries are being cor
rupted by the contact and influence of
hardened adult negro criminals of both
Bexes.
The land lies along the Pamunk^v
River and adjoins a pk>t of about W0
acres already owned by the reformatory
association. Huntington Is careful, how
ever, to retain the title to the land "un
til such time as the institution appears
to t>e on a correel basis."
AGRICULTURAL DIRECTORS.
SACRAMENTO, June 2S. — Governor
ilnt" t'j-iiny appointed thr> following dis
trii • agricultural directors:
No. 38, Stanislaus County— A. L. Cros
sey, .1. W. Davison, G. K. Stewart, V. E.
Bangs, C. 'I. Elliott, A. J,. Richards, W.
E. Kervin and T. C. Hocking.
No. 32, Orange County— E. .5.. -Wallace.
George W. Menter, E. H. Amerigo, Marc.'
Forster, I>. M. Baker, li. E. farter, John
Snover and .). E. Pleasants,
No. 31, Ventura County— J. A. Driffol.
No. 14. Santa Cruz — F. A. Heber, Dun
can McPherson, \V. S. Rodgers, R. C.
Kirby, Charles Spreckelson, Fred Barson,
J. W. Logan and D. M. Locke.
No. 40, yol6- A. M. Brltt, C. P. TUirns,
C. i:. Hoppen, W. S. Allen, J. Reith .Jr..
A. C. Stevens, Sam Montgomery and
Frank H. ( iwen.
No. 27. Shasta and Trinity— "William Val
mars, William S« hrater, M. T. Kite. IX
McCarthy, J. 11. Vanderholt. W. W. Fisk,
James Morris and William Howes.
No. 28, San Bernardino and Riverside —
J. W. Lord, ::. !\ Kingman, Seth -Mar
shall. C. 15. Webster, M. A. Murphy, Wil
liam [rving, W. A. Hoyt and E. J. Gil
bert.
X" 21, Fresno and Madera— X.. A. Blas
ingame, ,I'.i,n McMullen, John M. Criffln
J. <;. Roberts, W. H. Hodgkins and
« '■■ 01 ge ' '. Reding.
No. 16, San Luis Obispo — A. L. Thomas,
No. IT. Nevada — Henry Love.
No. 23, Contra Costa— Edward J. Ran
dall.
No. 35, Mariposa and Merced— N. S.
Stockton, John B. Obcese, \v. ■>. Moon
E. 11.l 1 . Washburn, E. M. Stoddard, J. P
Welleson, Charles Harris and H. A. W.
Forchiana.
No. 13, Xuba and Sutter— J. P. Oustatt,
J. M. C. Jasper, Fred Hauss, K. A.
Forbes, W. P. Harkey, D. I. Donohoe,
James Littlejohn and John C. White.
PRETTY STOCKTON WEDDING.
STOCKTON. June 28.— The Central M.
E. I'luiri'h was the scene at noon to-day
of the wedding of L. C. Dale and Miss
Grace Crowell. The ceremony was per
formed by R«'v. Dr. W. C. Evans, pastor
of the church, assisted by Rev. Robert
Treverrow, his assistant. The bride is
from Council Bluffs, lowa, and came here
a we< k ago, accompanied by her mother.
During the Intervening time she lias been
tin- guest of Dr. and Mrs. Evans.
Her family is well known In her native
city. L. C. Dale is the general secretary
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion, and during his three years' residence
in this city has not only mad.' himself,
but tlx- association, popular, Mr. Dale
is an all-round athlete, liberal in his ideas
and distinguished for practical Christian
work rather than sectarian endeavor.
Th< King's Daughters had decorated
the church for the occasion and the edi
fice was well filled with people when tho
bridal party entered. No Bpecial Invita
tions had been issued, and friends were
present in such numbers a* to attest the
general interest felt In the event. Mi
ami Mrs. Dale departed on the afternoon
train for a short bridal trip.
Home for Children.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children will give an entertainment in
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium this evening-. The
proceeds will go toward aiding the so
ciety in building a new home for'boya and
nirls. Among those who have kindly ten
dered their assistance are Mrs. H. Lewis
and Miss Bertha Wadham, who will sins.
Little Dody Scholz, in her clever special
ties; <;ra>'s mandolin, guitar and banjo
dub <">f fifty pieces; Miss Mary G. Ing-'ils,
a talented young elocutionist, and the
Stainley.-; in their popular specialties. The
sale of tickets has been large, and the
prospects for a good attendance are flat
tering.
Trueworthy Held for Murder.
George F. Trueworthy was yesterday
held by Judge Conlan to answer before
the Superior Court on the charge of mur
der in connection with the death of John
I.andsrnann at Greenwich and Lacuna
Streets. His bonds were fixed at $6000,
which virtually means that the Judge
was satisfied that Trueworthy was guilty
of manslaughter if anything. ' Frank
Bush, who was charged with being an ac
cessory, was discharged.
An Instrument of Torture
■ iiflffMnrm >w iim iH^^^ * s a Truss made on the plan as
j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Spbg^ shown, with a heavy steel or iron
r ias!l jF gßm. \ band, as you know if you have
/ n^P^^^y Hhk m been in the habit of wearing one.
i Ifjßr^ wff*wk<y Throw it away! Why will you
V JBj^May continue wearing such an instru-
4t&*£s^fl£iJ^gw mt-nt of torture, when we can fur-
j^.- r^^ur i;;n >'" a most efficient truss —
I '^ • ELASTlC— without any iron
•_._^-— hoops or steel springs about it,
and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and
DAT? As for CURES, DR. PIERCES Celebrated , MAGNETIC ELAS-
TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC
TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever invented. Electricity
is the only thing that' will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Pierces Truss
cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c in stamps for our "Book No. 1,"
or call at office. Address: - .:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY
620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
A NEW THEATER
TO BE ERECTED
FOR BELASCO
In the Heart of the
City.
Manager Belasco of the Alcazar Is to
have a new theater. He said last night
that he had signed an agreement with a
prominent business man for the erection
of a handsome building, up-to-date in
every particular, in which would be dedi
cated a grand temple of the drama.
"Last week," said Mr. Belasco, "I re
newed my lease on the Alcazar for three
years, beginning the first of August. At
its expiration I will go into a new theater,
which is to be erected for me. It will
be within a block of my present location.
I have inspected the site and looked over
the general plans. The theater will be
ready for occupancy the minute the Alca
zar lease expires. I have signed an agree
ment to that effect with a prominent busi
ness man of this city, whose name is a
sufficient guarantee that he means busi
ness. In addition to the theater the build
ing will contain a large number of lodge
rooms, and wtll be a handsome addition
to the architectural beauties of the city."
In speaking of the renewal of the lease
of the Alcazar, Mr. Belasco confirmed the
report that M. H. dc Young had doubled
the rental. In almost the same breath
he denied the equally nersistent rumor
that the hand of S. H. Frledlander of the
California Theater could be seen In the
Increase.
"If I thought that was so," he said;
"well, I will not say what I'd do. But
it isn't true."
The rumor was to the effect that Belasco
and Frledlander. who do not speak us
they jmss by, were collaborating well if
unwillingly in a new theatrical comedy
with the old title', "He Laughs Best That
Laughs Last." The first act was pre
sented to the public several weeks ago,
and made an instantaneous hit.- In it
Frledlander was discovered making his
exit P. D. Q., from the Alcazar. Belasco,
in a" towering rage, following, intent on
planting patent leather where it would
find the softest mark on the fugitive's
rear view. The prologue, unseen by the
audience, showed to the satisfaction of
Belasco that Frledlander had sought to
engage two youthful stars at that time
touring in the interior with the Belasco
& Thall company. A slap in the face,
according to all accounts, Is said to have
hastened Frledlander*s exit from the pain
fulness of the prologue Into the presence
of the public in the tirst act. The curtain
on that part of the comedy went down on
a rapidly lessening perspective of Fried
lander's coattailß as he outfooted the
portly Belasco.
A period of six weeks, filled by Fried
lander with a cram of Machiavelli, is sup-,
posed to have elapsed between the first
and second acts, in which M. H. de Young
a]. pears for the first time as a star come
dian. M. H. is discovered in his office,
softly cussing the Geary-street turntable,
when enters Friedlander, bearing a silver
platter, on which he makes an offer for
the Alcazar somewhat in excess of the
rental paid by Belasco.
"Hum," cou-ghed the director general,
eying it.
Exit Friedlander. chuckling. De Young.
solus, at the 'phone a minute later. "That
you, Fred? Yes? This is De Young.
I'll have to raise your rent. Got a dozen
offers for the theater. Yes. Just make it
double. Yes. 1 said a dozen. You know
me. You do. Well, that goes." Hangs up
the telephone, and scene changes to the
swearing-room in the Alcazar, where Bel
asco is making rasping noises with his
mouth as a curtain rolls up, hack, show
ing Friedlander in a blue light on a fence
smiling sardonically at his vanquished
enemy.
None of the principals, however, will
father this act. Belasco save he does not
believe it and Friedlander says he never
made an offer fur the Alcazar. The only
grain of truth, therefore, that seems to
be in the rumor lies in the fact that Bel
asco's rent has been doubled, and there's
no comedy in that, except tor De Young.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, June 2S.— The Postof
fice Department has discontinued the pos
tal service between Seattle and Dyea,
Alaska, by the steamer Laurada.
The Treasury Department lias received
a telegram from Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury Vanderllp, Baying that the
special commission appointed to visit the
quarries and investigate the granite and
marble proposed to be used in the con
si ruction of the Postoffice building a.t
San Francisco had arrived at the quar
ries and would report officially to the de
partment In a few days. It is not Known
By the officials in the Supervising Archi
tect'a offico whether the report will be
made by wire or mail.
Army orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary "of War, Private Rich
ard W. Morgan, Company L. Seventh
I'nited States Infantry, Benicia Barr.iek.-s,
Cal., will be discharged without honor
from the service of the United States by
the commanding officer of his station.
Private Christopher Judge, Company L,
Seventh United States Infantry, Benicia
Barracks, is transferred to the general
service. He will be sent to Jefferson Bar
racks, Mo.
The discharge from the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
of the general hospital at San Francisco
of Private Edmund C. Southwick, Com
pany C. First California Volunteers, un
der "general instructions from this office,
is hereby conflnned. The discharge from
the service by the commanding officer of
the general hospital of Sergeant Richard
K. < 'ook and Private "William E. Jackson,
Company B. First Tennessee Volunteer
Infantry, under general instructions from
this office, is also confirmed.
The telegraphic instructions directing
the discharge from the service of First
Class Private Sherman Rudrow, First
Company. United States Volunteer Signal
Corps, are hereby confirmed. The tele
graphic instructions of June 22 directing
the discharge from the service by their re
spective commanding officers of the fol
lowing enlisted men are .hereby con
firmd: Private "William T. Baldwin, Com
pany D; Rennie D. Young and Harry
H. Kline, Company X, first California
Volunteers; Private Charles J. Ferguson,
Company P. Second Oregon Volunteer In
fantry; Private Andrew B. Currier, Com
pany I First Nebraska Volunteers.
Private William F. Thorpe, Hospital
Corps, recruiting station, Dcs Moines,
lowa, will be sent to San Francisco. The
following transfers from the Twenty-fifth
I'nited States Infantry are made, to take
effect at once: Captain Walter S. Scott
from Company E to Company G; Captain
Frank H. Albright from Company G to
Company E. Captain Albright will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report in per
son to the commanding general. Depart
ment of California, for temporary duty.
Charles H. P. Foley, Fourth I'nited
States Cavalry, unassigned. now at the
Presidio, San Francisco. Is transferred to
the Hospital Corps as a private
Pensions have been granted as follows;
California' Original— John W. Francis.
Pico Heights, $6; Charles L, Libby, Co-
I vina, $G: Alexander B. Seybolt, San Diego,
j $10. Increase— Robert Finley. San Fran
cisco, ?S to $12; Juan Carr. Carninteria,
I *C to $S; Robert S. Henderson, Soldier;- 1
Home, Los Angeles, $6 to $8. Original
! widows, etc.— Lucretia Armstrong. Va-
Oregon: Increase — Delos Woodruff,
Ophir. $6 to $10; Fleming B. Martin, Baker
! City, $s to $10.
Washington: Original— Richard Graham.
Asotin. JS : . Restoration and increase—
Emisire Shahan, Satsop $4 to $17.
NATIONAL PROTEST
AGAINST MILITARY RULE
NEW YORK, June 2S.— That labor's
' protest against the arbitrary course
pursued by General Merriam during the
Coeur d'Alene strikes is to be a na
i tional one was made manifest to-day
when Henry White of the Central
! Labor Union received the following
j telegram from Chicago:
Will your people join the union men of \
the West In a national labor convention, !
to be held In Chicago. July 17. to protest ,
against the usurpation of power by the ;
military In Idaho?
EDWARD BOICE,
President Western Federation of Miners.
Mr. White will turn the communin- |
tion over to the Central I-abor Union
at the regular meeting Sunday after
noon at Clarendon Hall.
At a recent meeting of the union a
committee was appointed to draw up
charges against General Merriam and
present them to President McKinley.
CHARGES MADE AGAINST
PROFESSOR M'NAUGHTON
SAN JOSE, June 28.— The investigating ;
committee of the Normal School Alumni
Association has sent a letter to Professor
MiXaughton, the new principal of the ,
school, asking- him to appear before the !
committee Saturday morning at in o'clock
and explain certain charges that have
been anonymously made against him. The '
communication states that the committee
Is Investigating the matter and would lik«
to have' him meet with them.
Professor MeNaughton stated this even- ;
ing he had not yet deceived the letter,
but when he did he would consider the
request. He refused to state whether he i
would appear before the committee or not,
but denounced the charges as false and j
malicious. Dr. Brown, chairman of the
Normal School Trustees, said that no
charges had been preferred against Mc-
Naughton. and until the matter came \
properly before the Trustees no attention i
would be paid to the Investigation being
conducted by the Alumni Association.
OXNARD BUYS A LARGE
TRACT IN VENTURA
OXXARD, June 28.— Henry T. Oxnnr.l.
president of the American I>'<'! Sugar
Company, to-day confirmed the purcha -■■
of tli'- Patterson Ranch tract of 5000
acres of the most fertile land in this sec
tion of Ventura County. The price was
$600,000. This will make 12/100 acres m
land owned here by the company, and
renders it independent of farmers for
beet culture. The tract will not be oper
ated by the company, but leased to small
holders.
FAVOR THE SHORT TERM.
SUISUN, June 28.— The proposed change
in the course of study in the normal
schools of the State, changing the course
from four years to two years, is excit
iiiK the intf-rfst of educator? and the •sub
ject is ln-itig much discussed here and
there
The members of the Board of Educa
tion of Solano County were interviewed
by Thp Call representative regarding the
matter and found them unanimously in
favor ot the change. One member re
marked "that under the present system
the normal schools are the weakest- of
all the schools of hipher education in the
American school system." It was »ug
g-ested that the chancre would result in
great benefit to the high schools of the
St:ite, as under the two-year course none
but high school graduates could be ad
mitted to normal schools. This, natural
ly, will cause an increased attendance in
high schools and place them on a more
substantial basis tdan many have hereto
fore bt en.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EL CO.
LESSEE
SULiI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburoa Perry, Foot of Market 6«.
SAN VRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
UTOEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; UM,
8:80. 6:10, 4:80 p. m. Thursdays— trlf
at 11:80 a. m. Saturdays— trips at VM
and 11:89 p. m. ,
IX.ND AYS— »:Si). 11:00 a. Nx; 1:80, IS*.
1:00, 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— O:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:41.
1:40, 8:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:66 and 6:85 p. m.
iUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. UO* a. m.; 1:40, 8:40, IX*
4:25 p. m. 
Between San Francisco and ScnueUen Park
sam« schedule as above.
Leavt Arrivt
San Franclsook In Effect San FranolMa>
!.. . April Is, — — i
Week Bun- 169*. Bun- Weak
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
T am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:80 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pin 6:00 pm Santa K»»a. 1:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
t:»am. Windsor, 10 JS M
Bealdsburg,
Lytton.
Goyn&rvllle, "Vnl
140 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, T:SB pm 6:29 pm
1:30 am Hopland and 10:85 am
1:30 pm 8.-00 am Uklah. 7:86 pm 6:20 pm
t:80 am 10:25 am
8:06 am auernerrll)a> 7:85 pm
1:80 pm • 8:20 pa)
T:SO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 6:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
| I :S0 am 8:00 am Bebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
' 8:30 pm 5:00 pm 17:38 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at O«yservllle for Skates
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs*
Keleeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
■ BpringE. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
j Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pom<\
i Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lderley'a,
! Bucknell's. Bajihedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
I Boonevllle, Fhtlo. Christine. Soda Springs.
i Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg;
Westport, Usal, Wlllttts, Laytonv.llle, Cum*
Ring's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
i Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
i reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle M<s«.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass, A tout,
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street. '
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MMUTa* TAAIALHAItf OGBMC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via fausaiiio Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9-.30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 n. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 48.
, TUOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; yV-;..-.;
CARTIKS
/BmMBHJI a^fljy a B 8 «LG '
SICK HEADAOHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue .
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. : 4
Small Pill. Small Dose.
; Small Pricey ■
___________ _■_ m m _ _^ mm — >< '■
rvg^CANCER
\\ £& fflm^r No TUMORS CURED
WBBBHfcrS'SSS^'''- -^ ny lump in a
Hj^nN woman's breast is
cancer; they al-
ws\s poison the
W '- m #/ ' glands in armpit
VK- iwfS When vhe cancer
id armpit gets large cure is impossible.
1 Pace and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I. havg Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
_/^!k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
HPflfK_i iii 1*54 for the treatment "I Prlvato
tSk I J^.4HBr Dineas'-s, Lost Man hood. liability or
■WMbBsBR disease woartngon bmlyanrl mlnJ ami
i^^lH^H skin Diseases. doctor cureswhen
_|KB_jaßj others fall. Try him. Charges low
S!^_KS9Sa<'nrpiiB:unrnnl4>4><l. Ciillorvvrltf.
j Dr. J. V- «iIBBOSI, Box 2957,. Francisco ■
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
«oiTiirit.\ p.ttjlic i»'iri\T.
(PACIFIC SYSTEH.) ':• ':. •;:.. .
Trilm leave ami »r« tine < «> arrive at '
■ NAN KItANI'INCO. \- ••.••. = '■
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street) •: • .
| LEATB — Vmm Jl ie 25, 1399. — arkivb
7:00 a Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento...: -' 3:43p
7:0»\ Marjgville, Orotilleand Redding »i» .=
Woodland '. B:4!>p ..
":00a Elmlra, Vacarille and Ramsey...... »:15p..
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CaliBtoga and Santa Rosa .■ 6:15p
S>OOa Atlantic Kipress, Ugden and Kast.. 9:13 a ■
. SlitOA Han Jose, Livermore, Stockton, : :.'•■••.;•
lone, Kacranii'Uto, Placerrille, ':, :'.
Mnryavill.". Chico, ltedltliiff...... 4:I-Tp
S:80a •Milton, Oakdftle and Honor;* l.l^r
Bi3Oa Yosemite Valley Tia Oakdale and . -
Chinese 4:15f
9:00 a Haywards, Ni lf 8 and Way Stations. ll:l.">*.
9:»0a Martinez, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton, : : . .
Merced an 1 Frosno 12:13p
9iOoa Fresno, Bakcratielil. .Santa Barlmra, ■■ :'•• ■;
Los Angelea, IK-mtug, El Paso, :
New Orleans and East O:45»
1O:OOa Valli Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
1 1 :OOa Ilaywarde, Niles and Way Stations. 2: l*>p
1 2:0011 Nilrs, LlrermoTe, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalia,
Porterville 4 : 1 .1
•I:00p Sacramento River Steamers ">»:(M»p
8:00p Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 5:45p
4:»Oi> Martluoz, Han Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, CBllstoifft. Santa Rosa U:ls* .
4tOop Bcnicia, Vacavillo, Sacramento, '
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarygTille, Orovlllo IO:4.1a
4t3op Nile*. San Jose and Stockton ..;..:. 7:15p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond I!*:13f
3:O«pThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers- ".':
field, Bauaru3 for Santa Barbara, ..-'.•
Los Angeles 9:4.1*
5:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno ;• 12:13p
s>3op Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno, . :
Mojave and I.os Angel»» 8:45*
3i3op Santa Ye Route, Atl.autlo I2ipress : :
for Mojave nnd Bast .'....:... 6:45p
««OOp Chicago-SauFrandacoSpeclal.Ogileii
and Haul; :.;.',.. Bi43p
6:OOp Haywards, Niles and Han J05e...... 7:*3.v
i •O:OOi- Vallejo 12:13p ".
7:0 Op Oregon ICxpreBS,BacraineDto, Marys- .•
ville, Re<l<llng, roitlaixl, I'iiget.';. ■
Sound mid l'.BBt V •.;...'. 7:45 A
! }8:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way.: Stir
{ tiona .- ....■■.■■ O:«Op .
| : COAST DIVISION (Nnrroiv fiange).
| (Foot of Market Street.) ■■ : _^
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion • for Santa ' ''■ ■ '•.
Cruz and Principal Way Stations 18:Q3p
8:13 a Newark,Centerville,S»nJoBe,FeltQp, ■'■•
BonlderC're?lc,BantaOruzan.dWay :• ". • ■
5tati0n5.......:;.. ......■...■; ' 3«30p
•2il Bp Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New 1
Almaden, Felton, • Boulder Creek, •
Banta Cruz and Principal Way '. ■ •'"'
Stations .....V.......V.... »lO:3dA
««I3p San Jose, Glenwood and. Way Sta- ■ " : ' ■'
tions , ;.;...';.'..;,»- ' 9:20*
MilSp Felton, Sant* Cniz and Way Sta- .
' tions. : . . : . /. , ; ;■ . . ■■■■... / 9:20.4.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS raiHOISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8-)—
•7:18 0:00 11:00a.m. ■' -11:00 ■ ' '•3:03 t3:CO
•i:00 |S:CO •C:COr ; M. . '..:.- :■' •• • •
! fromOilliHD— root of Bro»dw»j.— "6:00 &00 10:00 a.m.
; n2:00 *l:00 t3:00 .; *3;QQ , ti-00 ■ *5:00l-.M.
COAST DIVISION ißroaildauge).
(Third arid Toungeml Stq.)
•6«1Oa Ocean Vies-, South ban Francisco.. ♦0:30p
•7«00a San Jose and Way Stations (New . ■
Almadcn Wednesdays only) «SsOOa
• {7:30 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cnii,
Pacific Grovo and Principal Way
Stations .■...■.....■;.:,. ?Bi33p
•iOAa San .lose, Tre» Plnos, Kimta Cr>i7., ■
Pacltle Grove. Paso Rubles, Sail - : -.-.
Luis OUispo. Surf/ LompoC and •
Principal Way Statloim 4:lOr
lOi4Oa SauJoseßiul Way Stations., C:33a
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations l:3Op
«2:43p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, SanU Clara. San .lose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas, ■' -
Monterey and Paclflo Grove.-,. ... *10:36 a
■Bi36p San Jose. SanU Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations *7i3op
•4:15p San Jose and Principal Wny Stations • 0:43 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "S:3.>a
0:3 Op San.Tose ami Principal Way Stations *9:OOa
6:30 San Jose and Way Stations S:3Op
f11:45p Ban Josenml Way Stations..... J7:3<>p
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon. '
• Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. ♦ Saturday only.
fcSiXurday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, lbJ9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAi.LEr
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a, m. ;
•1:15, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:0 6:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRi: For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. **:(«<, »10:00, 11:00. 11:J8
a. m. : 1:00. »1:45, *2:30. »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Raf 1 Sunday*.
t:SO p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qupntin. ■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40, 7:55, 8:40. 'lO:**
a. in.; 12:30, 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
■ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays, at 6:49 and 10:15 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, *9:45, *10:45, »11:45
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, »5:15, »6:00, 7:00, 15:15
p. m.
Trains marked (') nin to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43, C:5O. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m. 12:25, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. '■
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.{ 12:05,
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m. •: -
THROUGH TRAINS. \ ''■••.
7:00 a, m. week days — Cnzadero arid way sta'r.s.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 P. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Fill Jan. H. UW, train* will ran aa foUowwj
South-bound. North-bound.
i»a»»en- Mixed. - MlxsC . Passeo*
. gar. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger. «
: Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
f :t0 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 psa
1:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pn»
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 8:80 am 2:42 pra
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford T:45 am 1:45 pra
1:16 pm 12:30 am Bakers Held 3:00 am 11:00 an»
11:69 un 8:25 pm : Vlßalla «:40 am 1:22 pia
U:U pm 6:s3pmr Tulare 6:60 am 1:05 pra
•topplnr at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stare and other connections.
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 121 Marks*
sSsaC Ban Francisco. • ',• . .
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Yea?
910
GENERAL EAGAN REALIZES
A FORTUNE IN HAWAII
s He Sells Uncultivated
Land Bought for a
Song at $100
Per Acre.
THE Roderick Dhu brought up
a lively budget of news from
the Hawaiian Islands yester
day. There is a boom in sugar and
sugar lands there. Coffee planta
tions are being torn up and sugar
e.me planted. Land that was pur
chased from the Government for
$3 an acre is selling at from $80
to SI SO an acre. A railroad to
corrxicet the various sugar indus
tries is being built. Major Gen
eral Egan, who went to Hilo pre
pared to "haul his son over the
coals'' for selling the family cof
fee plantation, gave the young
man his paternal blessing in
stead. The son had sold the un
cultivated portion of the land,
which rost his father $3 an acre,
for SIOO an acre, and the family
still possesses the 200 acres un
der cultivation. There is no
eruption of the volcano, but there
was a cave in of the ''pit," and
for several days the people of
Hawaii had "great hopes." The
most valuable collection of bird
skins ever made in Hawaii came
up from Hilo on the Roderick
Dhu. The collection is practically
priceless. It is consigned to the
National Museum in Washington.
Several planters who sold their
holdings for fortunes came up on
the Roderick Dhu.
A fleet "t Hugar boats nrrivrd from
the islands yesterday. They all made
• -r 11 the clipper hark
k Dhu tnkiug twenty-one days
1 'apt a In Johnson
• fee] very downhearted, how
ever, as ).•• beal the rest of the fleet
lays t > a week. The
■ ■ " IM red Was twenty-eight
and • ■ oiga twenty-fiv<
Kahului, the ship For: George
twenty-six days from Honolulu, the
George < '. Perkins twenty
lays from Mahukona, the Ha
-1 r . M ; i , Ala twenty-three
Honolulu', and the schooner
days from Ka
hului.
"• rii k 1h : made the run
to HHo in nine
two hours, and Captain John
come home in twelve
.' the outside. His hopes went
• . ■ ■ • the Outset of the
The l ark was four da
ting " . -. and then
. ■• • lays to mah
From that time until the
■ was reached there was
■ '
re seventeen r-abin pass<»n
ijerlck Dhu, some of
wer ff.ee planters In Hawaii,
. ... .
have come to Ban
for a vacation. Ai
was E. Hitchcock ton of <;.
who was? Marshal of the
: -• (Turing the revolu
n ht- valued
. years ago. A few days
DODGE ADDS
TWO MILLIONS
TO THE ROLLS
Corporations to Pay
Franchise Tax.
Assessor Do<lge yesterday added over
two million to his list of taxable values |
and he performed this praiseworthy feat I
without turning, a although there is
liable to be a great deal of perspiring on :
the part of those who will be called upon
to pay the taxes on this big sum. Re- j
cently Assessor Dodge received notice ;
from the Assessors of Alameda and San j
Joaquln. counties that certain corporations |
doing business in those counties refuse j
to p.ay a franchise tax on the ground that ,
they were incorporated in San Francisco
and the tax could be levied only In this
county under the law.
The companies referred to are the re
cently consolidated water companies of
Oakland and the Stockton Gas Company.
These companies claim San Francisco as
their home, and while they have never ;
paid any franchise litre they manage to j
escape the tax in the counties where they |
«lo .business on this ground alone. The
Assessor of s.i Joaquin County recently
brought suit to compel the Stockton Gas
Company to pay a franchise tax, and the,
answer ot the defendant sets up that such
a tax can only be collected In the county
of San- Francisco. Mr. Dodge proposes to :
Bee that these taxes are paid.
The Spring Valley "Water Company will
also be called upon to- pay taxes on an
additional JIw.OOO. The fact was brought
to the attention of the Assessor yesterday
that the water- company had never been
a-s=rs<sed for the reservoir known as the
JJernal Heights reservoir, located near
Thirtieth street and the old Mission road.
The reservoir was promptly assessed at
the rate of $f>o,ooO valuation for two years,
last ear and this year.
Another matter of importance that has
been acted upon by the Assessor is the
wiping out "i all assessments on personal
property which is valued at less than $50. ■
Hlfl reason for doing this is that it costs
the city more to collect these taxes than
It receives Consequently, in all cases
lierenftrr where the personal property tax ;
amounts to less than 51 the tax will be '■
remitted, this being, regarded by the As
sessor as \ more economical than paying.
52 or $3 to ■-■■ -i the money into the treasury.
Fully 3000 families are benefited by this
action on the part of the ctly, and the
Assessor, and the city is none the loser,
as the 1120,000 which these poor people
have heretofore paid Into the treasury
is more than covered In. three separate
instances by the increase in the assess
ment of commercial firms— increases
which have in every instances been ac
i epted without a- murmur of protest. Dr.
Dodge Bays the. city really loses- money
by collecting taxes where the amount
falls below $4. as the cost is more than
the amount turned into the treasury.
A JAPANESE SWINDLER
Kokaku Mitsuse Wanted for Obtain
ing Money by False Pretenses.
The police an- searching for a Japanese
vvho has been making considerable money
by representing to Iris follow countrymen
on their arrival hero by Steamer that they
will be ported unless they put up all the
way from $20 to $50 for legal fees in get
ting the matter squared.-
It is not known how many victims have
been fleeced in this manner, but it is said
that the cumber is large. The matter
THE CLIPPER BARJi RODERICK DHU MAKING
PORT FROM HAWAII.
before the Roderick Phn sailed hn sold
the place to a syndicate for J ■
spot cash.
E. Bashaw Is anothpr coffee planter
■who gold his plantation to a sugar
concern and has come to California to
Hve.
"Everybody in Hawaii wa? selling
their land whrn wo left," said -Mr.
Hitchcock on board the Roderick
Dhu, yesterday. "Land that people
had purchased from the Government
at $3 an acre was bringing all the way
from S^'i to $l. r io an acre. General
Charles V. Eagan is down there and is
very well satisfied with the deal his
son made. He thought the young man
had Bold the entire plantation and he
came to Hilo prepared !■■ rep
the transaction. it did not take him
long to learn, however, that only the
uncultivated portion of the place had
been sold, and that at 41'*i an acre.
The LXi acres under cultivation is still
in the general's family, and he will
return to the United States in a few
days at peace with all the world, bar
ring General Miles.
"It is not so lojik ago that General
Eagan bought that land fur a son*;,
and now he has cleared a fortune
from it without any effort.
"Two new plantations have been
laid out near Hllo, and everything is
booming. A railroad through the Olaa
district Is in course of construc
tion. Its present terminus will be
within eight miles <if the volcano, but
It will eventually go right across the
came to the attention of the Japanese
Consul, and yesterday two complaints
were sworn to "in Judge Treadwell's court
for the arrest of the swindler, whose
name is Kokaku Mltsuse. The complaints
charge him with obtaining money by
false pretenses. ,
The complaining witnesses are Mume
taru Hamada and Huichi Hamamaru.
From the former he got Sl* and from the
lati.-r $24. They arrived by the steamer
I'matilla on April 12, and the defendant
immediately came on board and opened
negotiations with them.
MINNIE ADAMS' TRIAL.
Prosecution Introduces Very Tame
Testimony Against the Alleged
Murderess.
The evidence against Mrs. Minnie !
Adams, accused of the murder of her In- |
fant son, John Richard Gray, is now ,
purely circumstantial. Up to date not a I
bit of direct evidence has been produced j
against the accustyl and the prosecution
is apparently becoming desperate, as
every move In the trial is warmly con
tested.
Yesterday various witnesses were
placed upon 1 the stand, but their evidence
did little toward strengthening the theory
of the prosecution. J. J. FTannagan, t<
deputy employed in the Coroner's office,
testified to finding a piece of paper in
the out building at Mrs. Adams' honjQ
which bore the odor of carbolic acid. It
is claimed that the woman took the child
into the building and held it on her knee
while she poured the acid down its throat.
Mrs. Adams claims that the child had
found a bottle of carbolic acid in the
yard and had drank it.
Frank T. Green, chemist of the Board
of Health, testified that the carbolic add
from which the child met its death was
poison and gave considerable technical
testimony.
Detective Graham and Police Officers
Armstrong and J. P. Hurlihy also testi
lied. Hurlihy was called to Identify the
accused as' a woman who had purchased
carbolic acid in Loehr's drug stort at the
corner of Geary and Devisadero streets
the night preceding the murder. When
Hurllhy left the stand the case went over
until this morning.
DESERTERS DROWNED.
Japanese Sailors Lose Their Lives At
tempting to Escape From
Quarantine.
The bodies of two Japanese sailors wore
found on the t>each near Fort Point yes
terday foreno/m tied together with baling
rope. They each wore a life preserver
marked "Nippon Main," and were evi
dently members of the crew of th.it ves
sel, which Is detained in quarantine, and
had been drowned while attempting to
escape.
Coroner Hill, assisted by Drs. Zabala
and Lawlor, performed an autopsy at the
Morgue. No evidences of disease were
discovered except a slightly swollen condi
tion of the axillary glands cm one of the
bodies, and in order to prevent the possi
bility of the bubonic plague being Intro
duced into this port the bodies were im
mediately consumed at the Odd Fellows'
Crematory.
Only Durable Inks for Invoices.
H. A. Taylor, -assistant Becretary of the
■Treasury, has notified Port Collector
Jackson and all others in the United
States that .the Secretary of State has
be«n requested to instruct consular ofii
cers to refuse authentication to invoices
made in any Kind of ink except the most
durable.
Suit to Quiet "title.
Laura G. Delaney, S. W. Hoiladay and
others filed a suit in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against the city
and county of San Francisco to quiet title
to certain land in the vicinity of Wash
ington and Laguna streets.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia FJreworkiJ^o., 219 Front et, . •
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
island and connect Hllo and Kona.
"There has been no eruption of the
volcano. There Is plenty of smoke but
no fire. About two months ago
there was a caving In of the walls of
the pit, and there was considerable
excitement In consequence. Many
people thought there was going to be
an eruption, but they were dlsap
polnted. Th.it is probably what gave
rise to the story that the volcano was
active again.
"There is a great future for Ha
waii, but nobody seems to see any
thing .but sugar. Coffee is being rooted
up and sugar enne planted, but I
think the coffee trade will be flourish
ing when the sug;tr business is lan
guishing."
The rush of travel to the islands Is
on the increase. For the return trip
every Inch of cabin room on the
Roderick Dhu Is taken, and on the
Santiago, now daily expected, there
is only one spare berth left.
The Roderick Dhu brought up one
of the most valuable collections ->f
bird skins ever sent from the Islands.
It is consigned to the National
Museum at Washington and has taken
I 3SOI Henshaw nearly five years
to gather. Every bird that makes its
home in trTe Hawaiian group is repre
sented, and the collection is almost
priceless. It is packed with the
greatest care, and will go East by ex
press. It was watched as carefully
during the passage as it would havo
been had it been specie.
TRANSPORT VALENCIA
LEAVES FOR MANILA
THE CYRUS WAKEFIELD'S CAP
TAIN DIES AT SEA.
Navy Transport Solace Sails for the
Philippines Saturday With Men
for the Fleet.
The transport Valencia mailed for Ma
nila last night She was docked at Steu
art-streel wharf and there was no means
of keeping the soldiers on the vessel after
they had been put aboard. In consequence
a number of them made their escape to
the neighboring saloons and when the
transport sailed a dozen of them were left
behind. An attempt was made to stop the
vessel at Meiggs wharf, but it failed, so
the deserters will be sent to the Philip
pine" on the Pennsylvania to-morrow.
The navy transport Solace will sail for
Manila Saturday. She will carry forty
seven officers f"r the fleet in Manila Bay.
Lieutenant Cooper, with a draft of naval
apprentices, arrived from the Bast yes
terday. They also will go to Manila on
the Solace.
Captain F. T. Henry of the American
ship Cyrus Waketield is dead. A cable to
the Merchants' Kxchange states that the
\Yak< tield put into Port Stanley, Falkland
Islands, on June IS, with the captain's
body. The vessel was slightly damaged
in a storm, but whether Captain Henry
was killed during the gale or died from
natural causes is not known.
The deceased's family lives at 708 Golden
Gate avenue. Captain Henry was one of
the best known masters that came to this
port. He had been in the trade between
.New York and San Francisco for years
and was on his way here from the East
: when be died.
The red sta.k tug Redmond was towed
over from Oakland Creek yesterday. She
was taken over there to get a piece of
chain out of her wheel, but when she
was beached she filled with water and re
fused to float until she was pumped out.
The Redmond is now all right and will
be in commission again in a day or so.
The British ship Casswell is now over
due at Guayaquil from Newcastle, N. S.
\V.. and f>o per cent reinsurance is being
paid on her. She Is now out 131 days.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 10)7-1023 Mission.
WORTHY OF ASSISTANCE.
Sad Case of Margaret Finney, a Dis-
charged Insane Patient.
A woman named Margaret Finney, who
has been in the Napa Hospital for the In
sane for the last twelve years, was dis
( harped as sane on Friday, June 23. She
was put on the boat, and on arriving in
this city Immediately went to British
Consul General Pickersglll and made a
pitiful appeal for assistance.
It appears that the asylum authorities
had sent her away without making any
provision for her future. She did not have
a cent of money, was without relatives or
friends and her clothes were in rags.
Consul Pickersgill had her taken to the
office of the British Benevolent Society,
which took steps to have the unfortunate
woman taken care of. She is perfectly
rational now. The society paid for a
week's room and board at the house of
Mrs. Wright, corner of Folsom and Sixth
streets;,, and that will expire to-night. She
will be cared for, however, until she can
obtain a position.
I. P. Nieto, chairman of the board of
relief of the benevolent association, In dis
cussing the case yesterday, said:
"Miss Finney is a most deserving
woman, and I am sure that if some ladies'
aid society were to take her In hand
she would appreciate it and be in every
way worthy of it. She is a native of
Kdinburgh, 32 years of age, and was com
mitted to the asylum in 1887 while she
was in the employ of Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
She has never been violent, her dementia
being of a mild form. Our society will
not desert her in her trouble, but it seems
to me that it is a case for some ladies to
take up.
"I must say it is a shame that the asy
lum authorities should turn a poor woman
adrift without giving her some means to
get along for a short time, at least. Why,
convicts are given a suit of clothes and $5
when they are discharged from prison.
Dr. Mackenzie is out of town at present,
but I have no doubt that he would inter
est himself in the case if he were here."
ENTERTAINMENT TO AID
ST. BRENDAN'S CHURCH
SERIES OF BENEFITS BY ST. AN
THONY'S BOOTH.
Efforts to Lift Indebtedness of tho
Congregation — Parishioners to
Picnic at Shell Mound.
The first entertainment and social In
' aid of St. Brendan's fair was given by
! the members of St. Anthony's booth last
night at St. Brendan's Hall. -The proceeds
of the fair, which Is to be held next Sep
tember, will be devoted to paying off the
indebtedness incurred by the church and
the various booths will each present an
entertainment preparatory to the holding
of the fair.
Last night the hall was well filled with
an appreciative audience and an excel
lent programme was rendered by the
young people of the parish, aa follows:
Overture. Koesel's Orchestra; remarks, Rev.
I J. F. Nugent; solo, selected, Miss S. Hull;
i fancy dance, May Wholsky; comic song, J. B.
Jon6en; cake walk. Misses B. Stein and F.
Walsh; recitation, selected. William Walsh;
singing and talking comedian. William Fle
men; piano solo, selected. Miss M. Stein; paro
dies. Max Stelnle.
At the conclusion of the exercises danc
ing, under the management of L. B.
U'Brien, was enjoyed by a large number.
Father Nugent, pastor of St. Brendan's
Church, announced that the grand annual
I picnic and holiday excursion of the parish
' and school will take place at Shell Mound
I Park n».-xt Monday. The proceeds are to
' assist in paying street assessments of
; $1500. A fine band will acompany the ex
| cursionlsts on the 9 o'clock boat. A com
mittee of 100 active workers has the affair
i in hand and a f,"H>d time Is assured. There
i will be a $10 gate prize and over 100 ad
ditional gate and game awards.
Following are the members of the conu
mlttees:
J. Rafferty, P. Phelan, J. B. McNamara, J.
W. Fan-en, C. Lyons, C. P. Moore, J. Sheridan.
J. McGreggor, T. J. Burke, J. Sheehy, J. Pow
ers. J. Murphy. G. R. Richmond, T. Bailie. F.
O'Rourke. J. O'Connors, P. D. Burke. J. J.
lx>oney, T. Mulvey, J. M. Sullivan, P. Lan
ders, M. J. Gavan, William Hogan, B. J. Ho
gan. J. I^ary, P. Kellegher, James Sheehy, N.
Siggins, I. Doherty, J. Devlin, J. J. Donohue,
N. McGilloway, T. Kerrigan, J. Burke, L. F.
Brennan. M. Murphy. 11. Hardiman, Syl Tur
ner, J. Turner, P. Gately, L. O'Brien. E.
Rogers W. Madden. J. Cusick, J. Wulnn. T.
McSwiggan, B. M.-GuWgan. M. BlcGafflgan, T.
Wllkeraon, P. McGinn, F. Rellly, M. Moran,
D Buckley, H. Dover. P. Farrell, J. Coghlln,
J. Roche. T. Harrison, M. Sullivan. P. Fur
long. P. MacKassey, P. Maloney, T. Teeling,
J Driscoll, P Pergevln W. Fleming, T. H.
Vivian W. Maher, J. Curtln, T. Martin. J. Mc-
Queeney, E. M. Jackson, J. Butler, T. Kava
n;igh. (i. Scanlan, I. J. Ryan, J. McGoldrlck,
P. KeStranse, p. j. Kelly, M. Hanson, J.
Owens. J. Walsh. P. Gilmore, J. Manchester.
1 M. Kane D. Casey, J. t\ <;;irside.
| Floor Managers Daniel Sullivan, D. Buckley,
Captain James Power.
I'ommittee on (James— J. J. Donahue, J. J.
Looney X Rellly, John crmehlan.
Gatekeepers— P. Landers. N. McGilloway,
James Walsh, James McGoldrlck.
Clark Gets a Stay.
Joseph Clark, -who was convicted nf
killing Fireman Joseph P. Gross and son
tenced to imprisonment for life In San
Quentln, Becured a stay of execution yes
terday just, aa the Sheriff was about to
s'-mi him across the bay. When he
learned of the Sheriffs intention his at
torney applied to the Superior Court for
a stay bo that the papers in the appeal
mijjfht ho prepared, but the trial Jinl^'
was off on his vacation, and the Judge
imsidinK temporarily on the bench re
fused to interfere In the matter at all.
Application was made to the Supreme
Court for a stay of execution, which, al
though a little informal, was granted,
and Clark will not go to the State Prison
until the case has been finally decider]
by the hlffhcr court.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F R r.r»»t Amador ,'Alox Pick. B C
J MiuhoiiM. Sacto a E Baker, London
W F rarkf-r, Cal Lionel W Harris, )"ng
W H Stewart. Cal .1 M Silver, Willows
G A Stone, <"al |.T J Vosburgh, I. A
Miss DUlingham, Cal H H sherk, Pasadena
M C Sherman. Cal W M Lewis M D. L A
F C Taylor. Cal Q Goodell & W, Cal
R A Rogers, Cal J N Bessi, Klu^s City
R S Brown, Cal E H Loveland, Cal
S Waterman, Oregon W T Barry M L>, Cal
C Rosenthal. Cal .1 M Stelnlng, Cal
A P Troth, Cal IJ Johnston & w, Utah
H J Roof, Cal Mi^c p Johnston, Utah
N J S Jones. Cal iHelcne Hutchison, Vth
C H Heltman. Cal |C J Craddoch & w. Cal
A Fibush, Cal I* H Deming, Auburn
O F Witter, w *- f , Cal Miss A Bcribner, Cal
P A HakT, N T Miss N Bcribner, Cal
X dp Reymer, Piingor :Miss I Brown. Chlco
w w Turney, Cal Miss M Brown, Chlco
R T Reynolds ft W, Cul I>r & Mrs. Osborn, Cal
I>r J 'fulnan. Carson Miss s E Ellen, Cal
I>r IVnJ Robinson, <'ii! F T Horry. S P Co
IJ A Smith. Courtland Mrs Monbeagle& f, Cal
X H Powell. Chicago Miss A Bowun, Cal
<; \V Westlake, Oil Hiss N Howlln. Cal
Hector Mcßae. R C I.T Davis &w, Cal
r A LACE HOTEL.
R S Charles. Madera C W Tracey, Portland
Pr J. L. Berten, <nl J Dnrkee, S Africa
W C Af-serton. U S N W Wi-hner. fal
H L Collins. 0 S N Mrs W Wehner, Cal
n Teff:iny Jr. T S NH W HeISS, N V
A C Owen, t: S N Miss Grant, Pa
W Peyton, Santa Crur. Miss J Grant, Pa
c M Hunter, Cal H F c.rant, Pa
Capt Dundnirt Scotland Miss Sanford, Cal
p X I) MacUvan BeotjW II Reynolds, USA
w J M Rennie. Scotid T H Ki^k, La
X <; Waldron, Chicago C P ColliM. Pa
C J Huseman. Oakland L B Hamsh'd, Pft
Mrs C J H'isetnan. 'al 'W II !hi2kering Cnl
S N c.riftuh, Fresno ;II L Bcnambergr, Phil
W X Hailey. Las Ang W Cunningham, Mass
Max I»hr. San Antonio
NKW WESTERN lir>TKL.
C, Bond. P Jose A J Arnold. S Diego
H T Ricks, Manila H Wells, Minneapolis
Q Talllner, Fresno A Kimhall. Arizona
H II Puffing. Montana C R Neakes, Arizona
A M Traugh, Colfax O L Fuller. Arizona
W Thompson, St Louis: Miss S Turman, Ariz
J Powden & w. Nebr Miss T Turman, Arir.
\V J Williams. Nevada F Bedell & f, Arizona
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, oorner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery itreet.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 o'elock
-615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until » o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until t o'clock.
J626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
' MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. m
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) JS_,
EVENING, June 29. at 7:30 o'clock. tCjt
Third degree. By order of the Master, »V\
" FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ._J\.
EVENING, 7:3" o'clock. Mission M:i-lTlf
sonic Temple, 266S Mission st. M. M. f^T >
degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., : _ '
Masonic Temple— meeting THIS_^
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at .V'TCif
o'clock. Second degree. By order of ryF A
the W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m~
and A. M.. 1839 Flllmore St.— Third de- Jk
gree THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, VV
. at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the Mas- fV'
ter. . HARRY HAEHH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O.
F.. will initiate THIS EVE\-«*^»i
ING, June 29. 1599. "^s^^siT
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. ""W/llV*^
. . ■ Rec. Sec. Pro Tern.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' • Union Association
A special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock for the election of
officers. T. BENSON, President.
F. E. DURHAM. Recording Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4 : collections - made;
city or country., PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Err.p. Agency; all kinds
n htIp.GEO.AOKI, 30 Geary. «t. ; teL Grant M.^
DIVIDEND . NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Hlhernla Savings and I/inn
Soctef.y. cor Market, McAllister and Jones
Bts., San Francisco, June 23, 1899— At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held THIS DAY, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on all
deposits for the six months ending June 30.
1"?9. free from all taxes, and payable on and
after July 1, 1899.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Savings and' Loan So-
ciety, 101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutler.
The board of directors -declared a dividend
for the half year ending June 30, 1899, at the
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredth*
(3.64) per cent per annum on term deposit*
and three and twenty hundredth.s (3.20) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, tree of
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday,
July 1, 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of divi-
dend as the principal from and after July 1,
IM)9. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 94 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market Bt., on and after SAT-
URDAY, July 1. 1899.
Transfer books will close on TUESDAY,
June 27, ISB9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. _
DIVIDEND notice— The Continental Building
and Loan Association of California, 222 San-
some st.. has declared for the six months
ending June 30, 1899, a dividend of « per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary st.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends; 4 per cent
per annum on term and S 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1R99.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half
year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday.
July 1. 1899. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society. 626 California st— For the
half year ending June 30, 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable en
and after Saturday July 1, 1899.
CEO TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Pan Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 3f>lii of June,
1899. a dividend has been declared nt th» rate
per annum of four (4) per cent or. term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1. 1899.
T,rv\'FT,T. WHITE. Oi«nltr.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young Irish girl desires situation at
house worok; references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires situation; best
ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ■
FIRST-CLASS girl desires situation; under-
stands German ajid American cooking; best
ret".; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. _^_____
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AN Englishwoman; good cook and house-
worker; $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework; 5 years'
references; $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
YOUNG colored woman, first-class cook; best
of references; city or country. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
LADIES— have a few neat Scandinavian
servants for cooking and second work, with
best of references now applying for situa-
tions"; if you wish a good cook now Is the
time to seVure one. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day or week; is good washer and lroner or
would take care of invalid; best of reference
given. 162 Jessie St.
YOUNG girl wishes position at light house-
work and to assist with cooking; good plain
cook; wages $15. 209 Eddy St., room 16.
GOOD cook at.d tine laundress with girl 14
years old desires situation; city or country.
Box 4692, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook from the East
wishes situation in hotel or private family;
city or country. Call at 518 Powell st.
WORKING housekeeper, German, middle-aged
woman, good cook and neat, wishes position
In country- Box 4653. Call.
SWEDISH clrl wants cooking and general
housework; wages $25. Address 318 Thir-
teenth st., between Mission and Valencia.
COMPETENT girl wants housework; city or
country- Please call for 2 days at 206 Fifth.
WOMAN wishes sewing by the day at home.
138 A Fourth St., room 4.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day. 227
.Minna st.
NEAT Swedish woman wishes to do general
housework; good cook. 513 McAllister st.
WOMAN wishes clothing to mend at home.
US Sixth St.. room 4.
WANTED— By a- young woman, light house-
work or housekeeping; good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Address Box 4701, Call.
COMPETENT girl as nurse to invalid; under-
stands mental troubles; best reference and
hospital experience; from East. 2513'% Bush st.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes -a place on a
ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper. Ad-
dress 136 Fifth St., near Howard.
GERMAN woman wishes work by day; wash-
ing or house cleaning. 149 Fourth st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mend-
Ing to do at home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
WANTED — Work by the day; good references.
7C6 Larkln st.
NURSE to child over 4; Eastern hospital train-
Ing; thorough hygiene; good education. L.
D., 1269 O'Farrell St.
USEFUL companion to elderly sick or nervous
person. T. W., 1259 O'Farrell street.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
Ing. washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mlssidn st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and bnKeaire to and from ferry. •
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414"- O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424.
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, meat
and pastry, wishes position in private family,
boarding house or hotel; good reference;
satisfaction. CHARLEY WHITMAN. 906
Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist would
like a position; thoroughly understands
dynamo; strictly sober and reliable; furnish
best of references. Box 4532, Call.
WANTED— In small grocery, cigar
or fruit store for board and lodging or Its
equivalent; highest references. Address box
4654. Call.
RESPONSIBLE position by. capable and ener-
getic man or will travel; gilt-edge refer-
ences. Box 4693, Call.
BARBER— First class; steady; have worked
In top position; wish to work In first-class
downtown or short-hour shop; all such an-
swered: none others. Box 4702, Call office.
WANTED— Window or house cleaning or other
Email jobs: have seven hours to spare every
day. HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.,
telephone East 963. .
PRACTICAL gardener, understands ' his busi-
ness In all branches and good horseman,
wishes a situation. Box 4696, Call office.
GOOD tailor and bushelman wishes a situation;
best references. I. COHN, 846V4 Folsom st.
WATCHMAN or messenger: intelligent colored
man, 28 years of age, recently honorably dis-
charged from Twenty-fourth Infantry with
high rank, strictly temperate, desires posi-
tion as watchman or messenger; best of ref-
erences. Address J. M. D.. 2816 Baker st.
MAN wishes position as Janitor or porter;
speaks English, French and Spanish; first-
class references. Box 1 4523, Call office.
STRONG young man wishes a situation; will-
ing to do any kind of work; wages reason-
able. Box 4525, Call office.
POSITION in grocery store or butcher shop as
delivery • clerk by young man 17 years old.
2318 California st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, $15 and $12; second girl,
Gllroy, $15, see lady here; 2 waitresses, sani-
tarium, country, $20 each. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
NEAT girl; housework; city; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN.. 325 Sutter st.
COOK for railroad men: country; $20; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FOUR cooks, city and country, $25 each; 10
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
• $25 per month; 6 second girls, $25, $20 and $15;
a number 'of young girls to assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK for Eureka. $25 per month, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
WOMAN with a * child, : housework, $10 per
month, country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
TWO housework girls, : Belvedere, $25 each; a
mother and daughter as cook - and second
girl, boarding house, city. $30 and $35. MISS
CULLEN, 225 Suttee »U •  -* i
_»—— ; — e—rr— ?:::'.'. *-
HELP WANTED— Continued.
aR. HANBBN *co . I'Ho.nk '-KANT ISS
OFFICE OPEN UNTIL 9 P.. M......
60 waltresHos for Santa Cruz, Pacific ( jr f ' v n
spring*, water and moun tain resorts and
commercial: hotels, $20 to $25: » waitresses,
city, $20; 2 pantry girls, resorts. $20 and $26.
chambermaid. $15: extra waitresses for coun-
try for the Fourth, free fare. C. H. llA.ri-
BEN Si CO.. 104 Geary Ht. .
SIX fancy Ironers, city and country, $26 to
$40; mangier for Lake Tahoe,Jl» and found
and free fare both ways. C. R. HANHE-M a.
CO., 104 Geary st. '.
WOMAN cook, small boarding-house, country,
$25, see party here 10 a. m. ; woman cook,
resort. $25 C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary.
COOK, private family. Healdsburg, $25, see
party here; Scandinavian houseglrl, Boulder
Creek, $26; and many cooks and houseglrls,
city and country. $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary at. . ;
WANTED 2 waitresses for a sanitarium, see
boss early this morning at city, $20;
waitress for springs. ISO; waitresses for
hotels and restaurants. $20; second girl and
sewing, $25: waitress, $25, for private family;
German second girl, $20; 2 girls for cooking,
plain wash. Mountain View. $25; Gllroy. $25;
Oakland. $20; and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Oakland, $25; waitress, city, $25;
house girl, two In family.. $25; nurse girl, $1..;
ranch cook. $25; housekeeper, Arizona, $30;
waitress, country hotel, $20; young girl to
OKHIHt, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, $20, country hotel; bath woman
for springs. $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny Ht.
ANY lady having 2 or ! hours' spare time a
day can make $5 weekly working for us at
home: nothing to sell; send self-addressed
envelope for free sample. Manhattan Co.,
101 Beekman St., N. Y.
WANTED A woman for light housework; good
home and fair pay for right party; call be-
tween 11 a. m. and 4 p. m. 116. Taylor Bt.
WANTED-Glrl for plain writing 1 hour even-
Inn; $1 per week and free furnished room.
Addren box 4C87, Call office. •___
WANTED— Woman to take full charge of In-
fant 6 months old; state wages. Box 4681,
Cull.
WANTED— First-class finishers on pants. 411%
Kearny Ht., top floor.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. 739
Market at., In paint shot*.
GIRL lor light housework; no washing or
cooking. 112 Second st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply
3C27 Seventeenth St. .
BUTTONHOLE makers on custom vests. 339
Fifth at.
GIRL for general housework. 3105 Washington
street.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening. classes. 606 Leavenworth.
YOUNG German girl for general housework,
for country bakery; wages $16; fare paid.
Inquire 337 Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work; no washing; wages $15. Apply 219
Hayes st.
NEAT girl to assist with housework; German
preferred. 451 Guerrero st.
WANTED — Waitress for restaurant. 1300
Turk st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 636 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32^4 Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly, taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
TOMis~u^TO^M7jß^A^&~R^A^Y7rrrrrrr?Tr
* '.......Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
ALL YE THAT LABOR. .AND THEY WILL
GIVE YOU WORK
....BLACKSMITHS, BOILER MAKERS....
7 blacksmiths, horseshoer, machinists'
helpers, $3, $2 50, <$2 day, $50, $40 $30 and
'found; foreman boiler maker.
'.... CARPENTERS, BRICK MASONS
3 carpenters, railroad and sawmills work, $3
day; 2 brick masons for large mine, $4 day;
3 stone masons.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
26 2-horse teamsters $1 75 day
91 laborers $2, $175 day
3 laborers for factory $175 day
BIG WAGES
29 laborers, 10 hours' work, 50c fare $75
15 laborers, 8 hours' work, 50c fare $60
15 4-horse teamsters, fare $140 $60
ENGINEERS— STABLEMEN
Donkey engineer for sawmill company, So-
noma County; 5 stablemen, city and country,
$30, $25 and found and $40
TO FARMS AND DAIRIES
. 127 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $30,
$26 and $25 and found, for all parts of Cali-
fornia ■
27 milkers $30 and $25 and found
17 choremen for ranches, etc., $25, $20 and $10
and found
MARRIED
5 men and wives for ranches $35 and found
....HARVEST. HAY AND HAY BALERS....
127 harvest and haymen, $2 50, $2 and $1 50
day and found ...'.
6 hay balers $3 day and found
FIREMEN— BRICKYARD MEN
3 foremen for mines and ranches
$30 and found
27 laborers, no experience
$30 and found
MURRAY & READY,
C 34 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
..COME AND GO WHERE THE CROWD..
GOES GOES GOES
.TO THE GREAT SAWMILLS
Into beautiful Mendoclno County; cool, in-
vigorating climate; everybody's going
ARE YOU
To work as common laborer (you need no
experience), no money to pay your fare, we
pay fare for you ; wages to start.
$26 per month and found
If found to be a competent workman the
sawmill companies will advance you; remem-
ber there are a hundred different positions
in sawmills and woods which pay from $26 to
$90 per month and found
WE WANT 75 MEN
Spool tenders, loggers, tree fellers, logfltters,
crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, screw turn-
ers, head donkey men and woodchoppers; tie
makers; mill bench hands; wages $75, $SO, $65,
$50, $40. $30 and found.
: . MURRAY & READY,
— — 634 and 636 Clay st.
FRUIT pickers, etc For Commercial Bank.
26 men and strong boys, fare $1 25, $26 and
found; 5 fruit pickers, Santa Clara Co., fare
$1 15, $20 and found.
; MURRAY & READY,
— . 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE
to all the railroad In California for drillers,
laborers, hammersmen, teamsters, section
hands, $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
MINES MINES MINES
dally we are sending laborers, etc. (no experi-
ence required), to work In 12 different mines;
anybody will suit; that means you; R. R.
fare to these places from $1 35; wages, $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found per month, and $2 .40,
$2 10, $1 85 day. Come and see us.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTKL DEPT. !.... BAKERS
39 cooks for hotels, ranches,' camps, mines,
orchards, harvest crews, springs, etc., $50,
$45. $35, $30 and found
17 waiters " $30, $25 and found
27 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
6 porters bartender $20 and found
pantry and elevator boys 3 butchers
3 laundrymen, $35 and found: 5 waiter boys,
9 bakers, 6 assistants, $40, $30, $25, $20 and
found; 5 boys for city stores, etc
' $4 50 and $3 week
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NO OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE FREE FARE
...FOR THE COAST ROAD ...
SHIP EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
...; ;... WANTED ,
100 teamsters, laborers and tunnel men, wages
Cl 75 to $2 50 a day
.C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st :
2 MEN to hew roueh timber, $35 and found:
blacksmith for a sawmill, $40 and found;
. vaquero for a cattle ranch, $35 and found; 10
farmers, $1 25 and board; 3 farmers. $30 and
found; man to pick pears. $1 a day and found;
8 lumber pliers, $2 a day; 3 pliers, $30 and
• found, see boss here; 4 laborers for the woods.
$30 and board; 6 shovelers, $1 75 a day, board
where you like; 2 men to bore a tunnel, city,
$2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
5 COOKS, $40 and $35. for country boarding-
houses; night cook, 6 p. m. to 2 a. m., $7 a
week; dishwasher. ■ springs, $20; vegetable
man, springs, $20; 5 dishwashers, $25.
■ Runner for a hotel, $25 and found; bellboy,
$10. ■
Shaker out for a laundry. $25 and found and
free fare both ways; washer, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
25 COLORED waiters for different summer re-
sorts, Oregon and Washington; free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. •
VAQUERO for a cattle ranch, $35 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HANGER up for a summer resort laundry, $25
and found and free fare both ways. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '.
NO OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE
50 MEN WANTED
TO-DAY ONLY
SHIP EVERY DAY THIS WEEK
FOR VALLEY RAILROAD
Scraper holder, $2; Shovelers, .$1 75; '•
Teamsters, $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Amenta,
: ■'.r-V-F  104 Geary., st. .: : ;: 1 .;,'».
HELP WANTED-Contliined.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine.. $3 day 5 emails '
miners, power drills, $3 50 day! part' fa?" ad-' '
vanced; l quartz miners, $2 50 ,iay and^day : -
and board; IS laborers tor mine. $1 85 to $2^4o ''
Sir wo; rica $2 farmer. $30; drillers for tim '•'
" 1 work, $2 25 day; teamsters 4-hor«p
scraper*, $2 day; 2 tunnel men tor city ™$2.' •
day-blacksmith, $2 50 day; machinist $3 day- :
■ blacksmith's helper for mine, $1 50; creamery ;
butter-maker, $35; 3 milker*. J25 stableman
s?d We'W ÜBKy W S W = &5t farm*
Sptt a 7-f ' and many oth ers. J. F. CR6»
»*-TT_Ac CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAN ' ! ' XD ~ 8 restaurant and hotel cooks sin
and found; night waiter, $35; baker $40- dish- '
*A Bhe ™: kitchen man for camp, $20 to , l»
Smefe •>•*■. CROSETT* r e
r.'' l ' I ( T ri mi""nth n^ ■**'"**«*•* "to "i*JXe\randJ; ■
Machinist, country ' «.-!' — ' ' ■
12 milkers *r,- Ifr H ■'.'■;
Farmers * 2 i > and «°
Ranch teamsters'/ near 'cUy '"* an(l J?>2 '
Cook for country boarding house" $40"-" waiters
n r o d : a? cU 70 s r
COOK. $40, hotel, country, rood nln^« MTtia
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st P - MIS 3
GERMAN waiter for institution ncr month
country. MISS CULLEN. ■ ::: Sutter rt" :
MAN cook, country. $20 per jr.. th- see nartv
here. MIPS CULLEN. ?2S Sutter 'gt
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton cook fnr
workmen's boarding house, $50- also s ,' r
$30; cooks, city and country, $30 to ~*6<V wait
ers, city and country, $20 to $36 dishwashers"
potwashers; man for nursery, $15; etc. '
4 WAITERS. $25; 2 dishwashers, $20; vegetaMel
man, $25; 2 potwashers, $20; 2 gardeners til-
-4 colored waiters, $25; for country hotels anil
springs. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny s t.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works, Apply at the Btablea, Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on w\>rk at.
Sunol.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wagm
$1 75 and $2; board $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks; call or write for free illus-
trated catalogue. MOLER'S Barber College
635 Clay st.
SOLDIERS, sailors, or heirs desiring pensions,
travel pay, etc. see L. M. SHERWOOD, 612
sixth floor, Examiner building, San Francisco.
WANTED— man to work in city and one on
ranch in country. Apply at Girls" Directory,
Central aye. and Waller Bt.
WANTED— I 2 first-class musicians for the flag-
ship Philadelphia. Apply at Mare Island,
■ Vallejo.
— Experienced crockery packer; give
reference, experience and wages expected.
Box 4689, Call office.
WANTED— a steady man for perma-
nent place; will pay $15 per week with chance
of Increase; must have $60 cash; experience
not necessary. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— Men to get free shaving by stu-
dent at 1543 Market ft.; all come now.
WANTED— Porter for office; wages $15 per
month. Address X. V., box 4686, Call office. .
WANTED— barkeeper, $30, all found.
Box 4691, Call office.
TWO bench hands In planing mill, corner Mar-
ket and Dolores streets.
YOUNG man to wait on table, 108 Hayes st. •
EIGHT good solicitors wanted; room 63, Flood
building: $2 to $4 per day. Apply 12 to 1 p. m.
BOYS wanted at G. M. KUTZ CO., 103 Mis-
slon st.
BOY wanted that speaks German. J. HUSCH-
LER, 1336 Alabama st, between 25th and 26th.
GOOD tinners wanted. Apply at 17 Drumm
street. M^B
CLERK wanted at Alpha House, 6 Market st.
BRIGHT young man, able to furnish bonds, to
collect and solicit. 836 Valencia st.
COOK wanted at 625 Davis st. ; call Thursday.
BUTCHER; wages $6 week and board. Call
before noon, corner Waller and Stanyan sts.
GOOD barber wanted; steady employment.
Apply 2241 Mission st.
COOK at 623 Fourth st.
GOOD shoemakers for repairing. 961 Mission
street.
WANTED— first-class mill man to take
charge of planing mill in San Francisco; .
must be an energetic young man willing to
work himself; state wages and reference.
Address box 4699, Call Office.
PAINTERS— first-class painter to
paint and decorate cottage as first payment
on a lot. THE MCCARTHY CO.. Real Es-
tate and Home Builder, 646 Market st.
GERMAN speaking all around man for porter
work in wine house; wages $10 per week. Box
4694. Call office. .
WANTED— Distributors. EMPIRE LAUNDRY
CO., 755 Bryant street.
GOOD tailor on custom made coats.' 520 Kearny
«t., room 1, first floor.
WANTED— An outside salesman for teas and .
coffees. 203 Fourth st. ■ .
WANTED— Man to drive a milk wagon in city,
$35 and found; references required. 610 Clay. •
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes,', some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; ' new shoes, ..
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
. bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. .m.. to 9 p. .m.-.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st. .between Ist and 2d'sts. :
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $3
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. . California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal. -. ' .
WiLSON House, 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot. cold water; free
baths; electric lights; elevator ;2:c to $1 night.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day,
week or mo.; -'rites. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to peTianent roomers; reading room.
MEN wanted Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery St.
1 ■
BARBERS' Progressive ■ Union; free employ- .
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 • large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SOLDIERS, sailors or heirs desiring pensions,
travel pay. etc. see L. M. SHERWOOD, 612.
sixth floor, Examiner building, San Francisco.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 1 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED— men to find clean, central, cheap
rms., 25c. 50c night: hkpg.. $1 25 up. SS 3d st.
WANTED— Men can learn the barber trade lor
$5 at 1542 Market st. .
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 150 and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
ME.i and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S^ Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers an
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room, free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call 16 pages sent to any address in the
United Stater, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HOUSES WANTED.
PARTLY furnished house 10 or •15 rooms. ■
CHAM. 161 New Montgomery st. ■
~~ ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room; bath. If possible; not far
from center of city; private family; state
rates. Box 4686. Call. , .. • . . -
FURNISHED room; bath, if possible; not far
from center of city. Box 4655. Call. . =-
WANTED— 2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms, with
bath, for light housekeeping; must have mod-
ern Improvements. Address box 4502. Call. ■ '
' ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED. ■'..
WANTED— Board for a party of six at a farm,
house from 15 to 35 miles from city.. Address.
with terms, etc., C. . P. GIBBONS, 303 San-.'
some st. I . ■ • ■ ■'
XV ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
_._.. -,_ r ,_., ln _ _  •., L , _■_ . .
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams :
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst. ..
ROLLER top desk; second-hand; must be fine.
Box 1656. Call office. • ■ '"
SEWING MACHINES. T~
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; '■
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented: re»
r . MUrlaf at lowest rate*. jo» Fourtk at, ■.; ';_BUSINESS CHANCES.
X^W; FRUIT,-; produce and "poultry business
- ' ir; largest, market In Oakland: rent ?45; estab-
lished many years' ..-and ' splendid paying;
g sickness of : ownrf only cause of ea!e. R. G.
I WILKE. Market st. .
U A — ALL kind of- 'patents for s*»te: bring In your
thventlons.tj R. <V. WILKE. l-Oti Market St.
56^00— CORNER Rroc>ry .and bar; very best lo-
cation; fe.w blocks -north of Market and Jones
Ms., first-class cash icustont; horse and
-. wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
. of sale. Inquire. R.-G. WILKE. SOS Market.
A— J2OO;- IIESTAI'iIANT ':ind O.hophouse; rent
• $10; elds* to .Wells.-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. AVILKE.; SW Market si .
A--SS.'.O; COKNEK saloon i>» Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; Kvlrtg .l'ouins; rent low; lease; a
• "flrsticlass paying, --place; Jjntt better otter for
man nnl wife. < :.'.. I. G. WILKE. 906 Mar-
. ket st. /-. .'. ' ' .'.- ■
A^sl2oo: PAKiCTKV in lively country town;
" establish^ .\vursi- monthly sales $1000;- rent
' $25; h'orsf: .wagon.- living rooms; a good-pay-
ing busirie^ -Cair-R. G. WII.KK. 905 Market.
A— sl6oo:'- CORNER grocery and bar;' living
rmf.; one-half block -from Wleland's Brewery;
■ flatly;- receipts atiout $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 90S Market.
toOO^DELICACT and dairy store; gilt-edged
hUPlncgg.: MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
j7(»v.<? A LOON; bargain;-. other business cause
(if sale. MCLAUGHLIN & co., 777^ Market.
}I.',(H-HOTEL, furnished, n<>ar the city; good, lo-
\- cation;. Mclaughlin & co., tt:' 2 Marker
CIGAR store on Market; corner: bargain this
day. COWING &>CO., »96 Market sL
[DELICACY store; great sacrifice; cause of sale,
: sickness. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st
SNAP; French restaurant doing fine business,
with 22 rms.. all rented. BASILE. S73'^_Mkt.
WANTED— Cheap for ca^h. sto 10 fur, m. flat;
Market or Kearny; central Rasile. B?3%]Mkt:
15ARBEK shop at ".a ; . bargain J2SO
Paying roa.ihou:s°: must sell by July 1... liaO
/ Fine grocery and bar: value in sight — iOO
' call at room 2, -1007H Market st,. near Sixth.
\ $200— PARTNER , wanted In light business; $15
to $25 a week;. trial given: no experience re-
quired. Western- Investment Co.._9_Geary st^
4000 SHARKS -for sale; good California gold
mine, the whole- stock in the hand? oi a few
■■ shareholders: all prominent business men.
Address box,46SS.-. Cull office: ■■' '■' '
BLACKSMITHS, -attention— For .'sale or rent.
shop, stock and tools, house of 5 rooms., barn;
lot 27- feet front; Mission road. Address box
■nil. _
SOBER and trustworthy man with smallcapl-
tal to take full. Charge of saloon. ' £36 Va-
lencia Ft. .' .-•■ . |j ;
FOR sale— Fine grocery ao'l bar:. -Rood location.
Corner Poj=t an.l V>evisadern gts.-^gi
SALOON for sale; this i is a bargain. 12 Mason
.- str^L ;. - ' . . - -
I VARIETY store for " > Eighth st.
FOR sale— Cigar store; ■ cheap.. Call at 312
Third •
RESTAURANT for sale; niceiy fitted up; good
location. USA- El Us st.
$15— STORE and use of fixtures; room good
for small business or dressmaker. 3.".3 Fifth.
GROCERY store for sale; stock, fixtures.
horse and wagon of grocery at northwest
corner of Turk and Fillmore sts.; inventory
may be seen at premises ami " Curtin &
Beat's, ro.im 24.' third floor. Mills building:
Fir.mit sealed .bids : to D. A. Curtin, Mills
building, on or before Thursday; June 29. 10
a. m.. accompanied by certified check for l'
per cent of th<^ amount offered, returnable
only in case of rejection; the right, reserved
by the said IX A.- Curtin to reject any and
all bids: terms cash.
j3:,iX>— MILLINERY •' Vuslness, established for
over 25 years in second city on the coast.;
commands the rint-st trade; only first-class
.millinery store; location unexcelled; experi-
f-.r.ce.l help who have been with the business
for 10 years will remain.
The price asked -If about one-half of cost;
owner must seJl; going to Europe with' sick
daughter. Address or Apply immediately.
LAYMAN* REAL ESTATE CO..
440-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$3^ O- FAMILY liquor store; building, lease and
pood will for ... most prominent stand on
the water front; near the Government dock.
Folsora ft.; a good paying business for 2
men; no agents. Box 4530, Call office^ ___^
BARBER wanted to carry on established busi-
. ness; tenant leaving: rent $16; good oppor-
tunity; Grand aye.. South San Francisco, San
Mate". County. Address box 4529, Call office.
$1500— OR one-half interest In two butcher
shops: includes horses, wagons, booK ac-
counts, etc.; in good location: monthly re-
ceipts.sl2oo. AddreEß Box 4795. Call.
NEW and second-hand furniture store, doing
good business; only one in city; terms rea-
sonable. Address A. C. BOWLES, Vaca-
GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing fin .-claw
business; good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going; to leave. In-
quire Call office.
BUTCHER shop; newly fitted up in first-class
stylf; cheat) rent...- .N.W. corner Eddy and
Buchanan. 'sis. ■
FOR Fa'e — Branch " bakery, candy, notions; t
living rooms; owner retires; rent $14. KB%
. Filbert -. ' . ■ - - : -■•■...
' NO. 1 cigar store'; day trade. Apply 400 Mont-
• gomary sf.; otTer -wanted. . ■
GOOD country hotel -for sale. ■ Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., OaWanil; no agents. .
•" FOR sak-. fine grocery and bar: good location.
Corner Post and -JDevjsadero tts -
COFFKE and tea routes supplied (ron GEO.
■ W. I'ASWI'I.I : -.PF>j'S:. <1 r ' SKram-rt- st.
I.ODUING HOUSES FOR SALE.
■ $400— 10- ROOM cor. flat; Worth $1000; only.. $400
■ -30 rooms; new fur. $230' cash,' balance. $10.- 1000
12 rooms; on Howard st. .-.....'...■ 500
IS rooms; on Turk, Et.; 0n1y..., 650
IS rooms; ori Third st : 325
40 rooms; corner house; clears. $150 1600
-.; Country hoteland.bar; 30 rooms IROO
5-room flat, near Emporium ■ — 250
15-rocm us»; worth $600..: 250
H. C. !>E«":KP.. . .-
-1020 Market it., . 1-020 Market st.
$600— ROADHOirSE. near the city, fine busi-
ness. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
ROOMING -.us.- bargain, this day; leaving
■ city. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
Jl— 6s-ROOM lodging house; central: best In
#11. bargain. COWING & CO.. MS Market.
$500— BOARDING and lodging house. South
San Francisco; 14 rooms; fine furniture: 14
steady boarders; clearing $100 monthly; best
of reasons for selling. Apply HEALY & CO.,
917 Market Ft. • .
MUST SELL TO-DAY TO SATISFY MORT-
GAGE: 2S-ROOM HOUSE: CENTRAL.
WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
15350I $350— LODGING house. It rooms; bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & co., 777H Market.
li ROOMS; established 10 years; fullest Inves-
tigation. LARSEN, 318 Bush Ft.
TI;!RD, 233— Lodging house ct 11 rooms for
sa » cheap; call for one week.
LODGING house. 3S rooms, all furnished; price
IJOO. Apply 1324 Stockton st. .
TEH A MA, 154— Rooming house of 20 rooms;
light md sunny: In good condition: rent $35.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTI-.Y, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
KOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
DAVIB & CO., 1111 Market. Odd Fellows' bldg.
must vacate score; everything goe?.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms, $100. Apply 228 A
Dolores et. -' "
4 ROOMS furßis ed In oak for $4* 50. with No.
7 ranges King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE! WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, sells.
»xch, new & 2d-hand fur., enrpeta. »tove«.
OR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTO.SH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 2017-IOIS-1021-102J Mission St.,
. above Sixth.
SQUARE piano In first-claM condition for $35.
UNCLE HARRIS:. 15 Grant^ave.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred Jersey cow and calf;
. milk 6 gallons: 4150 Seventeenth st. ;
FOR sale — Fresh cow. Northeast corner
Twenty-second and Church sts.
I SMALL fireproof safes . arid National cash
register; cheap.- 42-Main et.
BOILERS, engines^ .lathes, planer, band saw,
wood plarier; 2d-hapd. J. BURKE, 139Beale.
SECOND-HAND cooking stove, No. 7 for *ale
cheap. -Inquire at 1606 Polk Ft.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1062 Mission st.
CAMERAS and , photo supplies— full line
selling at lees than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; hand; complete; pipe, engine, ■
boiler, ammonia . tank, White, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 SS: fine suits. $5 95. Misfit Cloth-
• Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, -cor. Commercial.
' A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Popu-
l lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny »t., near Pln«.
I SAFES— AII sizes. neW and second-hand. THE
\ HERMANN SAFE. CO.. 417 Sacramento st. ..
BA FES— Bargains In new, and second-hand, all '
«Izve; half original cost. 109-1U Market, S. F. I
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LADIES— A big cut in prices; $>> Ypsllantl
union suits, $3; equestrian tights, 25c. OBER'S.
34 Geary st.
' LEDERER'S Qulntonica, the only hair tonic
i that makes hair grow on bald spots, 35c bottle.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
FINE switches at less than half the price any-
where else this week at LEDERER' S; see his
great window display: halrdresslng, 25c only;
hair rolls,- 10c. 123 Stockton st.
MRS, DR. E. J. WILLIAMS removed to 32
Turk Bt,
$1 PER week for lady's suft, jacket or cave,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONE. , Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No 4 Sutler St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st . near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
' free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, notehaads ' or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A BLEY. -522 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1836.
T. BRILLIANT.' 388 $40 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.;
separate Ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tlon;gu'arantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Pine.ab.Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
nt wholesale figures.- KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der^
A— Ladies' or gem's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to or<*.er on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId cold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweipr. 24S O'Farrfll. bet. Powell & Mas.
DRESSMAKERS.
357 GEARY Bt.— Dresses made. $5 up: dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. .WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet. j
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free, i
JOHN SLATER, spiritual test medium;- hours
10 to 4. 1809 Stockton St., near Greenwich.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
AT Eberhardt's Hall: meeting SI".; 10c 3250
Twenty-second st., bet Mission and Valencia. I
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.; j
M n . &: 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st. j
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. I 'WVF.It. the distinguished clair- j
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who I
wish to know their future- should -consult this I
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter: Miss Dwyex graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and Is master '
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom !
you are Interested: satisfaction guaranteed by ■
mail, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 817 Mar-
ket st. _ ... ■ ■
MME. PORTER, wonderful ' Clairvoyant ' and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease: full life read- i
Ing; ladles, 50c; gents. $1; Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk. j
MRS.- MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and ;
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles '
i Sun.. Tues. and Friday eves.; We. 234^ Sixth. |
WONDERFUL success; time. Clingman, from j
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologlst; j
readings 500 and $1. 513 Tanth St.. Oakland. j
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future. 25c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
MME HAYS, card reader, removed from 207
Powell st. to 1 Fifth, room 1.
ARRIVED -Prof. Haley, medium; tells your life
from cradle to grave. 106 Taylor; parlors 3-5.
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction k-uar. : 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 1" p. m. - 326 Larkln St., room 6.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME.. AUGUST, 1150 .Mission st. :. clairvoyant...
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2".c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME MOREAU. the bent medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH magnetist and psychom-
etrlst. Parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- |
. band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. •
PAJLMIVi'Kir.
MME. NEERGARD, pupil of Count St. Ger- \
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours Ito 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1. ■
YOUR fate Is in your hand; scientific palmis- i
try. MME. GERMAINE. 906 Market St.. r. 30. ;
A— MME. BUSHNELL, .the famous palmist. 916
Bush st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors; 927
Market St.. fver Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas cr I
chloroform administered: the bp»t and most j
artistic work at reasonable price*. Pure gold j
filling, from $1: other fillings, from BOc; i
plates, from $4 E0; flesh colored plates, from
$6; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to lntroduc* our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown ■,
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
Ings. EOc; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
' AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth j
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, !
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- |
flee hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m.: Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GFORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex- !
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges. $4; |
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first ,
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
Crowns, $3; gold bridges, $." up: painless ex- .
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW j
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
■ VAN VROOM— Palnlesß extraction by electric-
ity: . guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 957 Market St.. " - '
I OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up': open ev'ps. 850 Market st:
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
TOT'NG. IMI Polk St. ■'
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King,, attorney at law,
sixth rtoor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
| etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
I MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moored their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. £25-855 Market st.; tel. South 216.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
I ADVICE free, no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. npp. Mason.
L P. CLARKE— Emma Bpreckela building. 927.
Market; consultation free: no f#es in advance.
HORSES.
i 46 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand: well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mend^nhall. suc-
cessors Kllllp ft Co.:. salesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BUY at sacrifice, prices left over . buggies,
I wagons and harness until Friday, il a. m.
1 20 McAllister st.
i — —^
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
' etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and homes. 1140 Folsom st.
MINING.
RESPONSIBLE party, controlling valuable
| gold placer mine, -wishes assistance of capital
to operate same, or will sell; full particu-
lars and ample opportunity to Inspect and
:■ prospect. . Address' box 4534, Call office.
' V- PHYSICIAN*. .
DR. C. C.O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1 1021V4 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th. J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
$12. HOUSE of 4 rooms, and one at $10 of 3
rooms; on Lawrence place, off Fremont St.,
1 •:\fen Harrison, and Bryant; grand view
ot bay; to a small family only.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get. from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MISSION. 2533, nr. 22d— 8 rooms, partly frnsh.l.
or unfrnshd. to suit tenant; modern built.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable: see it. -E. G. DENNISTON.
5454 Twenty-first st.
VERY pleasant house, in perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero; 7 rooms^ rent
very reasonable; see It.
*is S ROOMS; yard; fine view. 1021 Lombard
St.. near Hyde.
FUKNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
LARGE house with modern improvements,
nicely furnished, for 3 months at nominal
rent to careful family. Inquire at 17 New
Montgomery st.
NICELY, furnished house of 10 rooms on Pine
tt., near Powell; owner going East. Box
_4704, Call office.
FROM July l to November 1, 8 room house;
J cott St.: marine view. Box 4fi Q 7. '^all office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
STEVENSON, 417, nr. Fifth-Cottage of 5
rooms.
TO let- Eastlake cottage 6 rooms and bath.
Key 2917 Bush St.
BUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat. 6 rooms,
bath, cheap. 1878 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
a 4-ROOM fl.it. $13. 128 O'FarrelL cor.
Powell, upstairs.
4-ROOM ftiit; all modern Improvements; rent
reasonable. 1131 Green st.
EDDY. 314— Sunny upper flat. 9 rooms, bath,
basement, etc.; rent reasonable.
FELL. 492— Elegant sunny bay-window flat; 6
' rooms, bath, 2 kitchens; $25; water free.
FLAT of 5 rooms: stable for 6 horsea and large
wagon sheds; $1S; paint shop 24x80. A. M.
SPECK &.CO., 667 Market; key at 2303 Geary.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath. 71G
Natoma et., between Eighth and Ninth.
NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly frnshd; rent rea-
sonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35 Turk.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely eunny f.-room flat; modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
NEW Hat of 5 rooms; porcelain bath; station-
ary tub; son all day. 41S Lily aye., near Bu-
chanan st.
POST, 1657— Nice sunny modern flat in fine
order; E rooms and bath; $20.
SW. CORNER Onk an.l Lacuna Bts.— Upper and
lower 4-room flats; eloan; cheap rent.
THIRD, 4174—2 front suites; modern Improve-
ments; S rms.; hot. cold water; bath; sunny.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
r. in flat; modern; rent $16; water free.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each. 1421 Hayes st. and 25 Birch aye..
off Larkin, bet. Grove and Fulton.
V UPPER flat, 4 room*. 26'.-j Hitch St., n.. H r
Folsom.
3-ROOM flat, $10; near Third and Mission sts.
Apply 15 C.rnnt aye.
4 BUNNY rooms, yard. 17 Hampton place, off.
!' ••ill St., between Second and Third.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar: large flower
garden. 12ly Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
!i>. I.nWCH flnt. 5 rooms find bath; newly
painted. Apply 220 Thirteent'i. n»ar Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 464, near Thlrd-2 neatly frnshd.
hkpg. rms.; private; hot, cold wat.: fold. bed.
EDDY. 207— Complete furnished front hskpg.
rms.; coal st>\.-, gas. bath; house quiet.
EDDY, Sl7— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; no children.
ELLIS, IB Bunny front housekeeping rooms;
price reasonable; also single.
ELLIS, 504, nr. Loavenworth— 2 sunry rooms,
Ist Boor, for light hskpg; also front rm. for 1.
ELLIS. 839, cor. Larkin— Bay-window alcove
room nn-i kitchen; complete for housekeep-
ing; gas stove.
FILLMORE, 2205, nr. Clay— sls, five Bunny
rooms, bajth. nice yard and Vater.
FIRST, 3"". just above Folsom -Part of house;
three rooms; $S; in good order.
FOLSOM, BIS— Large front room and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; $10; adults.
FI'LTON, 21S. corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
flat. 4 rooms; gas range: bath; also others.
GEARY, 731 (rear)— Five unfurnished, sunny
rooms, lower flat, yard.
GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished
flat?; each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toiletSi 2 cel-
lars; gas; every convenience; $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly furn. sunny
rms., with closets; hot, cold wat.: gas range.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Front sunny rooms,
housekeeping, complete; bath; private family.
GROVTE, 421-2 very pleasant rooms; Btove;
water; sunny yard and garden; $9.
HARRISON. 415—3 nicely furnished rooms and
bath; reasonable.
HOWARD, ."2.",— Pleasant rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping, 1% and $S.
HOWARD. 62\ bet. First and Second-Nice
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HYDE. 129 — Furnished rooms; bay-window;
all conveniences; basement also.
JONES. 503—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$18; also double and single rooms, cheap.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, $12; 3 unfurnished, $fi.
MARTHA pi.. 2, off Geary nr. Taylor— 2 neatly
furnished rms; complete for hkp; stove; yard.
MISSION, 945 — Nice front room with kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; near Sixth.
MISSION, 112514, near Seventh— Suite furnished
rooms; good cook stove; $2 p<?r week.
OCTAVIA, 411. near Hayes— Single room:
large and sunny; light housekeeping; $4 75
per month.
POST, 6171s — 2 pleasant sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
POWELL. 944—3 desirable unfurnished rooms
in new corner flat; rent $12.
SEVENTH, 262—2 large sunny cor. suites for
hskjig; house surrounded by beautiful lawns.
SIXTH, *561— Three large sunny, unfurnished
rooms, cellar, yard; $8.
SOrTH PARK, 90 1! large sunny front house-
keeping rooms: parlor floor; very reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Large sunny front suite;
first floor; privilege of hskpg.: board optional.
SOUTH PARK, IS4, nr. 3d— 2 large nicely fur-
nished rms.; running water; complete hskpg.
STOCKTON, 611-613, near Pine— Splendid fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms; nice garden.
STOCKTON. 603 — Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle, double nnd housekeeping rooms; near
Powell and California st. cars.
SUTTER, 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
tint'le suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
TENTH, 136, near Mission— 2 sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; nice yard; also
single room.
TX'RK. R43— Large front room complete for
h .iiFekeeptng, $2 50 per week; others reason-
able. .
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard— 2 or 3
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath: laundry.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Furnished sunny flat: 3
rooms- and bath: complete for housekeeping;
only permanent and responsible parties.
2 OR 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms; no
Children. S. W. R.. r"n\l office. Alameda.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single: first- class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sti.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, BOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 326 Kearny— Sunny second parlor. With use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife; private family. Inquire shoe store.
AT New Grand. 246 Bd— 2oo lst-class sunny rms.,
20c to $1 day; SOc to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnlbhed sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— Changed hands; first-
class rooming house; elegan.t sunny outside
rooms: elevator; prices reasonable; transient
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER, Prop.
BUSH, 1124— Just the place for home comforts;
suite or single; bath; grounds: $10 up.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 303, corner Jones — 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms: dtmble beds; homelike.
EDDY, 473— Bright sunny clean' room, nicely
furnished, $5 per month.
FLOOD aye.. 142— Sunnyslde; four sunny
roums; furnished or unfurnished; $6.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
i GEARY. 736 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; one $4;
one $7; bath; gas. ■ ■ ■.>
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely turn, sunny
front rms.; hot, cold Wat.; private; reas.
! GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
I dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
; GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner SeventH and
j Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en 'suite and
j single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
I HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ■ , *~
! HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter. near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
[ door: elevator: free baths.
! HOWARD, 646, near 3d— New house. 30 rms. ;
I newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $5 upward.
HOWARD, 1210— Large sunny front room; suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; private . family.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk.cor.Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.),515 up; ref.
j IVY aye., Very pleasant 2- window room;
stove: upstairs: $5. •- ' ■•.... ...' :.- >:"■-:
' IVY aye.. 243. between Franklin and Gough sts.
i —Furnished front room for gentleman.
LARKIN. So4— Sunny single room, neatly fur-
nished, $4.___ • ■- ' ■ '
MARKET. 783V4 Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— furnished
I bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 252, near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms, with water and closet; rent $6.
O'FARKELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: Say. wk.. mo.
POWELL. 317, formerly Cosmos Club—
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
j ROYAL House. 126 ' Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladle»' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50:
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
i SIXTH, 19— Sunny furnished rooms. $.".. $6; also
front rm. suitable 1 or 2; $2 week; private.
SOPHIE terrace, 2, off Pine, near Stockton-
Sunny front room; fine view.
BUTTER, Unfurnished parlor floor of 3
pleasant sunny rooms; reasonable; suitable
for offices or housekeeping.
! TAYLOR, 117— Furnished rooms for $1 50 up per
j week; also housekeeping rooms. .
TAYLOR, ' 1532, nr. Jackson-st. cars— Large
] 'sunny bay-window suite; partly frnshd.; gas;
bath; bot, cold wat.; tel; suit, for 1 or 3 gent.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
' THIRD, 25, nr. Market— rooms in San
Francisco; while lights; extra good beds; chp.
YALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites, $5 up; single, $1 50 up. '■
■$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single furnished
room; closet; bath; private. 322 Fifth st.
I ROOMS AND BOARD.
| AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
i ATLAS—, 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully fur.
' sunny suites, single r., reaa.; board optional.
FINE light room; furnished or unfurnished; all
modern conveniences; board optional. 436
Fourteenth et. ...
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
I LAS PALMAS, 1&20 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
| rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
1 O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double. V). , ;H
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
— Restaurant, dining rm.; pen. for lunches.
! ROOM and board in private family. Address
# • A, L., Sausalito. .
j EUTTER, 1128 — Lovely sunny rooms with board;
I pretty garden: home cooking.
—^— —^— — —^—
CHILDREN UOARDED.
GOOD home for children. MME. BOURDA,
cor. Peabody and Sunnydale ayes., San Bruno
road, near Six-mile House; reasonable.
GERMAN lady would like to board 2 children;
room for parent also. 802 Geary st.
! CHILD to board; ray not so much object" as
company. IS37A Stockton st.
GOOD home for Infants; only $10 per month.
210 Lexington av»>., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
, WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1088 Market St.: popular nrle"«
STORES TO LET.
$30 — STORE 14x16; two rooms; basement 2Sx7O:
: hydraulic elevator; modern. Corner Turk and j
Dodge sts.: apply 431 Turk st. I
; TO let— Oyster stand; good location; rent I
cheap. 226 Third st. I
; SIXTH, 538— Store. 3 rooms; large yard; rear i
entrance; rent $10; water free.
STORE to lease First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
Ft?. MADISON ft BrTtKF 626 Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi- !
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
' in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter j
Ets., San Francisco, . and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. i.'.';";'< : .;'"'
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
£6. 28 and 30 O'Farrell Et.: pianos, organs and j
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Checkering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 70S.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st. |
iT a! DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to Sl2 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
fc'OHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
i BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister st. next Hibernla Bank. # .
KNABE pianos; new scale; new. styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL..
ENGINEERING School, , civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.'
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post Bt.
HOLMES . College of Oratory— Terni opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical, culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big, S. F.
I AY RES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, -etc.; life
scholarship, $50;. low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as* teacher*;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
I ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, rain-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est. 1864.. VAN HER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
• vate lessons, $5 mo; top flat, 514 Hayes st.
! MATHEMATICS, history. • English; coaching
specialty; during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
' LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years', experience: 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
j "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
Inesg College. 805 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
~~~ storage:. "
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,-
-722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. &H. H. g00d5.'735 Mkt.. TeL Black 311.
"~ J ■.- ■' : ' PROPOSALS. ' : ' • ' ;
uT"s.~ENGiNEER"offIce. Flood building. San
'. Francisco, Cal., June ■ 2S, . — Sealed prti-
- posals for building wing dams in Sfacramento
River, near Sacramento. Cal.". will be. re-
eel v,ed here .until 12 o'clock^ noon, August 8,":
"1899. Information furnished on : application. :
'. W. H. HEUER, Major Engineers. •- > " • J
CITY REAL ESTATK.
A SUBSTANTIAL INVESTMENT.
$13,850— Within 1 block of (ieary and Larkin
sts.; 3 fine houses, all rented; pays 7 per cent
net; lot 50 feet front.
PAYS OVER It PER CENT.
$SoOo— Rent $1150 per annum; fine investment
south of Market St.. within a short walk of
Mission and Third sts.; 3-Btdry* building, 3
stores and flats; lot 40x75.
A RESIDENCE OVERLOOKING THE PARK.
$6000 — Lyon st, near Oak; modern residence,
10 moms and hath; hot-air furnace, etc.
$4100 — Rent $57; Clementina St.. near Second;
brick building; also frame building; lot 50x75;
Lurpest kind of bargain.
18500-^Post st., near Polk; 2-story residence
of 10 rooms, bath, etc.; all in splendid repair;
lot 27:6x12u.
$2750— Great bargain; Twenty-fii^t Ft., within
a few feet of Valencia; good cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; could be changed into flats at small
expense; land alone worth the money; $2000
mortgage can remain.
$6500 — Ashbury st., near Fell; 2 handsome flats
within a stone's throw of the park; contain 6
and 7 rooms and all conveniences; rent $55; lot
55x106:3.
$*000— Offer wanted; splendid residence on Clay
Et., near Pierce; contains S rooms, basement,
etc., lot 25x100.
A PICK-UP.
$5150— Broderick st., near Sutter.; 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms ami bath; also stable; ex-
tra large let, 50x90; room for another building.
A MODERN RESIDENCE.
JR-.OO— Washington st., near Brodf-rtck; con-
tains S rooms and bath; lot 25x127:8; mortgage
of $2500 can remain.
$35iio- Rent • $48; Bryant st., near Second; 2
flats. 0 rooms and bath each; also rear house;
lot 25x90.
FLATS IN RICHMOND.
$2000— Eleventh aye., near Point Lobos; 2-story
bay-window house, 2 flats; rent $17; lot 25x120;
mortgage of $150") can remain.
$25u0— Leavenworth st., near Broadway; 2-
Story house of 7 rooms; rent $IS.
$21,000- A splendid investment; Golden Gate
aye., corner of prominent street; large lot, 40x
i<o; improvements consist of fluto and 2 stores;
rent $177 t>i.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$27,000 — Rents- $4750 per annum; a fine 3-story
brick building Qn Washington st., between Du-
pont and Stockton; 3 stores and lodging house
Above; all rented; mortgage of $14,000 can
stand.
$S"00— B,ryant et., between Ninth and Tenth; 2
flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent
$22 60; lot 2nx&s.
$24,UCO— Rent $2175 per annum; a fine invest-
ment on Eddy st.: a prominent corner, sub-
stantially improved; lot 62:6x100; mortgHge of
$000 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT
FINE CORNER INVESTMENT.
$9150— Prominent corner on Page St., 1 block
fmin the- park; modern flats; rented continu-
ously; large lot; an excellent buy. BALDWIN
& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP FLATS.~~
AT THE MISSION.
$3250— Rent $.143 per year; Clinton Park, near
Fourteenth and Guerrero sts.; bay-window
flats, h rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A GOOD BUSINESS LOT
VERY CHEAP.
$35<H>— West side Mission Ft., between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth; nlze 3U:9xll7:fi.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOMES IN
SUNSET DISTRICT.
$2400 — Easy terms; new modern cottage of 5
rooms and bath, within 1 block of the park; all
the latest conveniences; lot 25x100; street work
done.
$2600 — New bay-window cottage, containing 5
rooms and bath; lot 25x120; on Ninth aye.;
street work done; complete In every respect;
easy terms.
$2550 — I^arge corner lot, 65x120, with brand-
new cottage of 5 rooms; street wnrk done; all
modern conveniences; splendid view.
$450 each— Choice building lots on Ninth aye.,
near N st.: 25x120 each; easy terms.
To see above properties call at our branch
office, corner H st. and Ninth aye. Our agent
has key, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
i ■ Montgomery st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
MAYERLE'S eye v.-ter: a new discovery f..r
weak, .-re. Inflamed, itching, burning, pain-
ful and overstrained eyes; strengthens the
eye, brain and nerves; by mail 800 per trot-
tie. German Optical Institute, l"7l'i .Market
St., San Francisco. Genuine can lie had only
above add.; excl. territory to reliable agts.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who rre sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and j
confidential; home treatment, J5; no instru- I
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy
Bt., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by xppolntieeni
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time whTi others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; cur« relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; Belf-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market Bt. ;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation 'ree and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Mamet St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m. , Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' phypiclan, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. SlB Kearny Bt.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be uped at home; consultation
free; call or write. IQ23H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese h?rbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
civlce free: hour*. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
. ar. ' ' T.i S i) m.
ALL iti,.-. i -miplaints cured In 24 hours: well-
known, reliable, safe and pure; maternity
home: no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $3. MRS. AL-
LEN, 22S Van Ness aye.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take |
no other; *end tc stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
et. ; $1 p5O. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 551 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MERITO— Sure, safe preventive; married ladies
try It: price $1, sample box 25c; write for cir-
cular.Merlto Mfg.C0.,227 Leavenworth st..S.F.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215% Mason St.—
Private home In confinement: ladies' friend
In trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor, 43d
and Linden. Oakland: home In confinement;
children adopted out. Take Orove-st car.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. UK M«»»n st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
35 md 40 Eighth St., telephone South 250.
WHE.< You become disgusted with poor work
sepd to SPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister st., cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. S Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., SOS Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12<i.
LOST.
LOST— Black and white water spaniel: blind in
right eye. Return to FRED MEYER. NE
cornec Turk and, Fillmore sts.. and receive
reward. j
CITY REAL ESTATa }■$} ;.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS : FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150-1150 EACH.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOTS. SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$400 and upward— Graded lots, near the only
Golden Gate Park. They have no equal. $25
down and $10 monthly.
Branch office Ninth aye. and H st. Open
: Sundays. -
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$760 to $950 each— A few choice cottages with
• wells, near Misslon-st. electric car line; on In-
' stallments.
Ocean View lots; easy terms.
BOL GETS & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker Building.
- • <- . . - . ''
A- $7550; CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view front and rear cannot be ob-
structed; 10 large sunny rooms; conservatory
■ most expensively decorated , 7 heaters; all pos-
sible conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WIL-
FORD on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader
sts., from 11 to 3; McAllister or Hayes-et.
car.
TWO choice lots in Richmond; well located
•and very eheap;; only $375 each; easy install-
. ments to suit: quarterly payments; 25x120
each; on Twelfth aye.; elevated ground- close
to Clement; all street work done; lots graded;
both go together, making a fine residence
site. W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. (JUNN, 410 Montgomery.
20 ACRES OIL LAND, Fresno County, for $10;
get particulars. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate,
money loaned to and for you. Mills building;
phone 1196; "no stock In a company."
COL Writ* KUAIi KSIATiI.
FOR SALE— Bargain: delightful home In
beautiful, frostless Hollywood: healthiest,
most accessible suburb of Los Angeles; reach-'
ed in 30 minutes by electric cars from city
; center: 5 acres lull bearing lemon and navel
orange trees: fruit choicest quality, bringing
highest prices; new, modern 2-story colonial
house; open plumbing; hot and cold water;
range; fine bathroom: house wired for elec-
tricity; new barn and carriage house; shade
, trees, palms, flowers, etc./; abundance water
for irrigating; Income from fruit pays hand-
somely on investment; owner's business in
. San Francisco; Interests there; • woiMd con-
sider exchange for desirable San Francisco
or Oakland property. Address owner. W. B.
GLIDDEN. 120 Sutter St., San Francisco.-
NEW rich land hear city; small and lara>j
. tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres 'eft. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 addrc>3s THE
COTATI CO.. 802 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT. ginir and stock farms.
W. D HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery et.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate and
Loans. Mills building. __^
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6ii per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
• HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jew<\ry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried . people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third St.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. HILL, 14, Merchants' Exchange.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify; will call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg.. chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bl<sg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing. ■
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason St.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
office— 9os BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 DOWN and only $28 per month . will buy
a fine, large, new 2-story house of 8 rooms,
Just being finished; will be sold for less than
house could be contracted for to-day ;' price
$2100. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth St. \
MONEY to loan on houses; for sale, two nice
little cottages; Installment; for amt. loaned
on them. J. D. BENNETT, 909 Broadway.
$50 CASH. $3 50 monthly till paid for— New
three-room cottage and nice level lot; price
all told, $300; Allendale Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; sixty families located ■ within two
years; streets all graded, some macadamized:
city water; near a fine • three-story school
house, three car lines and a 90-foot boule-
vard; a few $75 lots and upward still left.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st. and
Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
ARE you looking for a lot or a cottage In
North Oakland, cheap for cash? You can
never buy It cheaper; save time; save rent;
save money by applying to R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, "North Oakland Real Estate
Headquarters," 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Paying millinery store. $5000.
Good-paying 'lodging house, $2000.
J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
24 ACRES: large house; fruit: near Hay-
■ward;;: fine home; clear; will exchange home
clear in city. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway.
NEW sunny cottage,* 6 rooms, modern in every
way, right in center of Oakland; might take
some trade and easy payments for balance.
A. J. SAMUEL & CO.. 46S Sth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ ■
ALAMK'M HP. AI. KSTATB. \
$1500— LOT 60x165: house 8 rooms and bath;
Versailles aye.; must be sold.
$1100— Lot .60x150. with modern cottage; San
Artonio ave'., near Chestnut.
$650— Lot 40x125; west side Walnut St.. near
bay shore. -
$600 — Lot on Pacific aye., near Grand st.
• $2700— Large 2-story house, 8 rooms: lot 50x
203; beautiful avenue. E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st.
Al. A V.i ,I»A ROOMS AND UUAHU.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FT'NKE, 1418 *th.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2250— modern 2- story cottage; large lot;
on electric car line; near broadgauge railway
station; for sale on easy terms. Apply 120
Sutter St.. room 80. 8. F. ■
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. . : :
ASSESSMENT Wlttram- Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place , of • busi-
ngs, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board- of Directors, held on the 2Sth day
of June, 1899, an assessment (No. •6) of one
(1) cent per share was levied upon the capi-
ta! stock of the corporation, payable Imme-
diately In United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the
above address. • • - • • w-;>— •>»-■•..-=-.;■_■..■,
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th day of July, 1899.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
' before, will be sold on the . 18th day of Au-
gust, 1899, to pay the delinquent assessment,
' together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG, Secretary, .
• - ■ ■ 327 Market st. ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
James F. Collins and Harriet L. Stevens... 27-25
Christian G. BUckle and Gertrude Davis 31-27
Alexander Anderson and Caroline Rodgers. so-46
Jajftes G. Flnlay and Eva M. J0ne'5........ 29-29
Frank A. Staples and Mamie A. Foley 32-24
H. Henry Zwlck and Chrlstiane Lobben 27-26
William N. Bolan and Mary J. Carrigan... 42-37
Fred A. Earle and Gertrude A. Chase...... 23-20
George S. Fredrlckson and Mamie M. Ryan. 26-25
Henry C. Wilcox and Mamie Lawrence 33-25
Isaiah Powers and Carrie N. We5t......... '.38-30
George Goodell and Minnie A. Paige ..,,. 41-27
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
§ . : /BORN.
LIVINGSTON— In this city." June 26,. 1809. to the
wife of S. Livingston, a son. ■
REILLY— In this -city, -June 22. 1899, to the
wife of James Reilly, a 'daughter.
WEYL— In this city, June 25, jg®, to the. wife
of Bernardo Weyl, a son. . . '. ' •
~~ DIED. . :
Barry, Eva C Langan. Patrick
Butterfleld. Mrs. N. Laws. Robert C.
Cantwell. Stephen A. Lundie. Nathaniel
Carlie. Mrs. Lillian . O'Leary. Mrs. M. '
Christ. William . Portler; Henry '
De Bacre. Constantly Quinn.Mrs. Ellen
Godfrey, Joseph V. ReiHjv Mary
Godsil. John 11. ' Skinner, Frances M.
Gosson, Charles Stahlecker. Adelia
Gresty, Albert Sullivan. John
Hanna, Sarah A. Sylvester. Daniel A.
Hayes, (da M. ■'■ . Taylor. Florence
Johnson-. Frederick Vranizan. Fred A.
Kelly, Michael F. Weatcott, Flora B.
BARRY— In this city. June 2S. 1593. Eva C,
beloved i daughter of Matthew and Mary
Barry, and slater of Edward J., .Walter. John
M., James W. and Annla Barry, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 10 months and IS
days. . ;.',.- ■•■■-.
- CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of tha parents. 1403 Railroad avenue, thence
to All Hallows' Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of nor Soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
IH'TTERFIKLP— In this city. June 27. 1899,
Mrs. Nellie ButternWd. mother of William,
George and Joseph Butterfleld; and Mrs. The-
odore Hoffman of Honolulu, H. 1., a native
of London. England, aged f>6 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from The funeral
parlors of Porter & While, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. , •
CANTWELL— In this city, June 27, 1899. Ste-
phen Andrew, son of Catherine and the late
Michael Cantwell. and brother of John D..
Thomas M., Katie E. and the late Edward.
James, Michael D. and Mary E. Cantwell, a
native of Felton. Santa -Cruz County, aged
"■■ years 6 months and 21 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late res-
idence, 662 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the reuose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 O'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . _ . •
CARLIE— In this city. June 27. 1599, Mrs. Lil-
lian A. CarUe, beloved mother of Edwin J.
Carlle, and daughter of Thomas and the late
Ellen Hlgglns, and sister of the late Frank
J. Higgins, a native of Columbia, Tuolumne
•County, Cal., aged 43 years and 6 months. A
member of La Estrella Parlor No. S9, N. D.
G. W.
CTFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Daugh-
ters' Home, 925 .O'Farrell street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of La Estrella Par-
lor No. S9, N. D. G. W.— You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late sister,
Mrs. L. A. Carlie. this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from N. D. G. W. Home, 925 O'Far-
rell street. By ordf-r of the president.
ALICE MAUNDER, Sec.
CHRIST— In Oakland, . June 28, 1599, William,
beloved son of Mrs. Catberina Christ, and
brother of Hermann, Otto and Katie Christ,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years and
2 months.
DE BAERE— In the City and Coonty Hospital,
June 28, 1599. Conatantln de Baere, a native
of Belgium, aged 56 years.
GODFREY— In Alameda, Joseph Vincent God-
frey, a native of Alameda, aged 8 years 8
months »nd 17 days. : .' , •
GODSIL— In this city, June 28. 1593, John
Henry, beloved son of Timothy and Margaret
Godsil, and brother of Thomas and Charles
Godsil, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years 6 months and 18 days.
K7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GOSSON— In this city, June 2S, 1599. Charles,
beloved son of Patrick and Mary A. Gosson.
and brother of Mrs. Dr. B. B. Lee and Mrs.
Michael Dunne, a native of Brooklyn, N. V.,
aged 27 years 1 month and 3 days. (Brook-
lyn, N. V., papers please copy.) .. .
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of Michael Dunne, 312 Duncan street, thence
to St. Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GRESTY— In this city. June 27, 1.199. Albert,
beloved and only son of William and Jan«
Gresty, a native of Bolton Le Moors, Lanca-
shire. England, aged 20 years 9 months and
11 days.
tt?Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric car
from -Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HANNA— this city, June 2S, 1899, Sarah; A.
Hanna, mother of Mrs. G. H. Hopps and G.
B. and Daniel N. Hanna, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 69 years and 12 days. •;' -
- [C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her - late, resi-
dence. 2614 Webster street, between .Valjejo
street and Broadway.- Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. . ...•■; ' : . • . ;•■''.
HAVES— In this city, June 26 1599, Ida M.,
beloved daughter of D. E. and Anna Hayes,
sister of Mrs. A. Brilland and Edward. Ag-
nes, Celia and the late. Lusia Hayes, and
niece of Sister Generbse.. a .native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years. •' • . '. ... ■■■.>: '
(CTFriendß and acquaintances-. .'are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral this day
(Thursday), at -9 o'clock; fronV the residence
of her parents, 1224 Buchanan street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
r?quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing- .at 9:30
o'clock. Interment -Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In the City and County. Hospital,
June 28, 1899, Frederick Johnson, a native of
: Finland, aged 27 years..'. - .' '.-
KELLY— In this. city;. June 27, 1839, Michael
Francis, beloved husband of Delia Kelly, and
• father of Edward, John. Frederick. Dennis.
"William, James, August and Grade Kelly
and Mrs. A. Stoffer, a native of Ireland, aged
47 years 3 months: and. 10 days. (Hartford,
■ Conn., papers please .'copy.) ;-..-■.
tETFriend:? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 407 Francisco street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where services will be held
• for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ~
LANGAN— In this city, June 27, 1599, Patrick
Langan, a native of -Ireland, aged 70 years.
LAWS— In this city, June 28, 1599, Robert Glas-
pil, beloved eon of Georee G. and Elizabeth
Laws; and grandson of Mrs. Rose Laws and
J. P. McKenna, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 10 days.
LUNDIE— In this city. June .24, 1899, Nathaniel,
husband of Mrs. M. Lundie,. and father of
Mrs. Lizzie Haslett and Hugh, John. James,
William, Joseph, Robert and the. • late Na-
thaniel Lundie, a native of • County Down,
Ireland, aged 60 years 8 months and- 28 days.
(CTlnterment private.: , : •" /..••' ;
O'LEARY— A month's mind requiem mass will
be said to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock, at
St. Mary's Cathedral, for the repose of : the
soul of the late Mrs-. Margaret O'Leary.
PORTIER— In this city, June 28, 1899, Henry.'
beloved husband of Mrs. C. Portier. a native
of France, aged 40 years and 10 months. (San
' Jose papers please copy.) : .• •
Remains at the parlors of J. S. Godeau,
305 - Montgomery avenue. '.'.'■'.•'
QUlNX— There will be an anniversary mass
for the ret>ose of the soul of | Mrs. Ellen
Qulnn at St. Mary's Cathedral, to-morrow
i Friday), at 8 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully Invited. ' ' -
REILLY— In this city. June 28, 1599, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Jeremiah Reilly, and
■ mother of John Reilly. Mrs. D. J. Murray,
Mrs. John Butler and Mrs. Charles Lometti,
a native of County Donegal, Ireland. . .
ITJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 84 Converse street, off Bryant, near
Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated, for
the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. • Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . '• ■: •
SKINNER— this city, June 28, 1899, Frances
Mary, beloved wife of John F. Skinner, and
loving mother of John and Ruth Skinner, a
native of New York City, aged 35 years.
STAHLECKER— In South San Francisco. June
' 28 1599, Adelia, dearly beloved and youngest
daughter of Henry and Gesine Stahlecker,
and sister of Henry and Katie Stahlecker, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 months and
• 27 days. \ ■ .
SULLIVAN— anniversary . requiem high
mass will be offered for the repose of the soul
■ of John Sullivan, husband of Mrs. : Abbie
Sullivan, 6478 Stevenson street. : to-morrow
{Friday), at 9 o'clock, In St. Joseph's
.Church. Friends are requested to attend.
SYLVESTER— this city, June 28, 1899. Daniel
• A. H., dearly beloved son of Frederick W.
and Carrie Sylvester, and brother of Lauretta
Sylvester, a native of San Francisco, aged
' 1 year 3 month's and 14 days. ' ■
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1717 Eighteenth avenue. South
San Francisco. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. • . '■ '. ' • ■
TAYLOR— In Oakland, June 28. 1899, Florence,
second daughter of Samuel J. and Florence
W. Taylor, a native of Oakland, aged 12
" years and 10 months.-
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
■ of the parents, Oakland . avenue. Linda Vista
Terrace, Oakland.- Interment private. •
VRA.NIZAN— In this city. June 28, 1899. Fred
A. Vranizan, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 9 months. and 23 days.
WESTCOTT— In Dinuba, Flora E. Westcott.
daughter of Nancy H. and Richard W. Kane,
and sister of William R. Kane, a native of
■ Boston, Mass., aged 37 years 4 months and
12 days. .- ' ' ' ■
i hfciSRY ; : J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.-'" '*
Telephone South 80.
1112
CITIZENS PLACED AT
THE RAILROADS MERCY
Using the Receiving Hospital to
Protect Crime.
Health Board Appoints Railroad Surgeons to
Emergency Stations in Obedience to the Com
mands of Herrin, Burns and Sabin.
nil. WALTER B. COFFEY has
vaccinated. He is urging
j his associates on the Board of
•i to follow his example
ii asure at least protect them
he thinks he has dune, from
the ■ which association with
■.: nei essarily carry.
The in has not yel been ac
:. however, but the members of
usly discussing the
■ giving Dennery a chemi
before h imes the duties
■M. c. The outrage which the
■ ii tppointments has perpe
i upon the city was the leading
5 . C .Us' ussion. There
.■an now be no question that the mem
:' the board have n>>t only paid a
dirty political obligation to Burns, but
They have played fast and loose with
md death I betray< d the
the city Into the clutches of
.
For the first time In many years the
ens are absolutely at the
v of the railroad. The machinery
Health Department has 1 n
: by the corporation. Railroad
on the board; they are in
the Receiving Hospital; they an
i 5 duty. They are
• t an aci ideni or crim
inal negligent f railroad employes
tion responsible
or limb. This eon
. of affairs is the result of a rare
fully planned arrange ment among Gov
..'•-, William F. Herrin, Dan
Burns and John I. Sabin.
In the selection of the Board of
. rests repn seined by
men \ver< fed. Burns had
his ; bligatlons W fill, not only
(Trafl retainers but to the railroad.
Herrin wished to surround the rail
road with political doctors easy of con
: ready In Imagination. If
accidents in th< rill happen and
railmad employes will be negligent the
; does not wish to pay for the
■ •■ : limb. There was,
therefi re, between Burns and Herrin
rnmunity of Interests. They could
pay a double debt with one stroke. Both
: i swine: the telephone
< uiipany Into line. It is a powerful
corporation, whose managers have con
i-lae!••• as those of the rail
road Herrin sought to bring
■ rations closer in an un
munion and John I. Sabin was
ly suggested as the medium.
The foundation for the creation of the
board had been laid. The personnel of
listingulshed bo.djy was an inci
consid ■ Two railroad
il'ici ;irst chosen. One whs
Dr. Walter B. Coffey, who is in the
railroad service, and as a servant does
as he is commanded t<~ do even t" the
limit ■•!' soiling: his mouth with the
■ ry. The other -a .■>..- I >r.
Hi dmond Payne, son-in-law <if Ji'im I.
Sabin, an oculist at the railroad h"s
pital in this city. Dr. Coffey and Dr.
Payi I by the railroad people
to attend I i victims. Th«- rall
■ yoi found cause to find
fault with either m the peculiar ser
vico he is expecteS to render. The third
physician was It. Barbat, the Mexi
can's private doctor. The fourth mem
ber ird, I>r. Keeney, is so es
illy a politics] doctor that he
her characterization.
But the delicate work required by th>'
railroad is not performed by the mem
bers of th- Board of Health. The daily
routine of accidents and police cases
do'ea not come und>-r their Immediate
supervision. Th'ir subordinates are re
sponsible in this Held, which is the ob
jective point of danger to -ine railroad.
The Board <■!' Health has tak^n every
■:::i..ii t'. have th>> field perfectly
■ ov< r< d. The Gity Physician is Dr.
James O'Connor, one "f the staff of
physicians "f tho railroad hospital.
The I f'iiv Physician is In-.
WtHiam Berrjr, who is also in the s^r
vioe of the railroad i p ■
lv the Receiving Bfospital nothinß has
left undoi ■■ t" place the public at
thf> n< ■•!• y 'it' the Southern Pacific ('om
pany, the Markei Street P.ailrnad Oom
panj and other street railroads. Dr. H.
E. Morrison, Assistant PoHce Surgenn.
Mountain climbing—
..hunting, cycling', . "tramping'*— any Vi
exercise that requires much physical \
endurance will prove less fatiguing \
and more beneficial to your health if
from me to time you eat a little of ■
GHIHARDELLI'S
"MONARCH": CHOCOLATE. : '■ \
Very sustaining, energy preserving, ' ;
nourishing ; delicious to the palate"; .'
very convenient. . At grocers'— in •'
10c packages— or. lib. 35c. • '.-
jblj Better
' has frequently consulted with Dr. Cof-
I fey in railroad damage cases and his
i testimony has been invariably in favor
of the corporation. Dr. W. H. Dorr, an
other assistan 1 police surgeon, is the
son of the surgeon employed by the
Smter Street Railroad Company. The
elder Dorr was to have been a member
of the board, but he did not care to
assume the duties and secured a posi
tion for his son.
Assistant Police Surgeon Cluness is
also a surgeon in the employ of th*-
Sinter Street Railroad Company. As
sistant Police Surgeon J. 1. Stephens is
related to Dr. Barbat and may be ex
; ted not to disgrace the relationship
by any indication of independence.
The people of the city may thus si ■
the terrible network of relationships
and corrupt combinations formed to
protect the railroad from the conse
quences of any of its acts. There have
been Instances in this, city where men
and women have been run down and it
seemed alftiosi maliciously maimed or
killed by the. operators of street cars.
Witnesses have sprung up on every
side, under the spur of a brib<
swear that the railroad was n<>t i><
blame.
It is TV! difficult to tell now what
the result will be when the Receiving
Hospital Is guarded by railroad doctors
appointed to perform a certain duty
and ready to obey Instructions. The
records of the hospital are at the com
mand of these doctors. A scratch of a
pen v, ill make out of a bleeding victim
of the railroad a drunken wayfarer,
mangled through his own negligence
and by no fault of railroad employes.
A field for corruption in affairs touch-
Ing life and death has been opened to
the railroad. The men that could make
Dennery their fellow may be expected
to be easy of conscience. They have
placed the people of the city at the
mercy of the railroad. The Receiving
Hospital has been made a railroad hos
pital. Men and women may be maimed
or killed in the streets und at the Re
ceiving Hospital is a serviceable guard
of doctors who are paid by the munici
pality to protect the criminal interests
of the Southern Pacific Company.
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
THOROUGHLY DISCUSSED
f. W. DOHRMANN ADDRESSES
THE SOCIALISTS.
Talks About the New Charter and Its
Benefits to the People of
the City.
President F. YV. Dohrmann of the Mer
chants' Association addressed Liberty
Branch, Socialist Labor party, it the
Turk-streeil Temple last night upon "Mu
nicipal Cuvfrnni'Mit." The speaker was
introduced bj Chairman C M. Bartleu.
Mr. Dohrmann took as the n.xt of hla
subject th< construction ril the new char
i. r in the practical relation that it will
bear to the welfare of the people, of tht
city. He spoke In a plain and practical
manner, giving his personal views of thj
i.. neflts and disadvantages that confront
people of any city as a reason of ih ■
charter under which y. municipal govern
ment is operated; He dwelt forcibly up
on tho fact that the charter of a city,
affecting as it does every municipal in
terest, is the vital thing for The peop
a city to ensider. He said thai self-gov
ernment has not been a predominating
feature in San Francisco for forty years.
The spoils system, lie declared; must I>>
abolished and the civil service, which i 3
embodied in the new charter, substituted,
Mr. Dohrmann then went Into a gen
eral discussion of the affairs of munici
pal government. Dr. J. S. Scott and A.
Sorensen were the critics.
TO THE PUBLIC:
As our namp has b^«n prominently
montionfd in connection with furnish
inp supplips to th« San Francisci) Fire
I)^partmf > nt and by one <>i the daily
papers in Buch language as to lead u<
the inference that we 'were in collusion
with the department in charging ex
orbitant prices and paying commis
sions, we desire to stat»- publicly that
our prices have been fair and reason
able, and that we have never offered
or paid, and neither has any member
of the department or other person in
either a public or private capacity ever
solicited or received directly or indi
rectly any commission, rebate or oth^r
consideration for any business or orders
plan ed with us.
DUNHAM, CARRIGAN & IIAYDEN
CO.
San Francisrn, June 28, 1599.
New Charter Club.
A largely attended meeting of tlio New
Charter Democratic. Club, Forty-fourth
Assembly district, was held in Washing
ton Square Hall last night with President
L. D. Baclgalupi in the chair. After the
transaction of routine business Charles
Swelgc-rt and H. Outstadt addressed the
meotiiiK. discussing the principles of tlio
new charter. The following committed
were appointed by the president:
Canvassiftg— Joseph M. Campodonieo,
Charles McCarthy. F. G. Demartint,
George Hatfteld, Frank Pellegrini,- A.
Bucca, A. Devoto, Frank Byrne, Qeorge
Kumphoff. M. J. Carr, Abe Glassman and
Richard Wheeler.
Finance Qeorge GianninT. Charles Le
-1 caii Joseph Lavin, Andrew Deiicgn and
! S. Vaccari.
'•ampaiKn--Wallfr Demartini, A. A.
1 Cavagnar.), \V. yon <i, r Leith, A. H.
i Bchimpf and Charles J. Weber.
The famous old JESSE MOORK- WHISKY : Is
recommended by thyslcl^ns for family and
medicinal- use because It is pure: . •
■ • ■ 1
End of the Gas Case.
; Judgment in favor of the San. Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, and against
Major Hooper of 'the Occidental' Hotel
was formally entered yesterday by Judge
Seawell in tho action brought "to te>n the
validity of the resolution lately, passt >i
by the Supervisors il.xinp the kh's rat- ai
$1 in. The entry of judgment is simply
i the lep;al end of a controversy which In
fact was ended last week when Judt^j
Seawell decided that the resolution could
not be introduced in evidence in support
of the defense. 'When the case was called
; yesterday Gavin Mi Nab, who represented
: the defendant, announced that the de
' fondant rested. The gas company's at
torneys then introduced the bill against
I Hooper and on It judgment waa entered
| a* stated.
Ladles' tailor-made suite, fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Roj^tuscbild, ZZi Post eu
I ' ■ --.--■■
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 1899.
BARBAT HOLDS
THE EDGE ON
THE OTHERS
Health Board Is All
Split Up.
RIVALCOLLEGES RESPONSIBLE
A PRETTY FIGHT TO OUST DR. G.
E. SUSSDORF.
Keeney, Coffey and Payne Ready to
Do It, but Burns' Family Physi
cian Has an Ax to
Grind.
As pretty a fight as one would wish to
see in a. lifetime is now being waged in
the now Board of Health. On the surface
it appears to be Dr. Barbat against his
colleague?-! >rs. Payne, Coffey and Kee
iuy. As a matter of fact, it is the united
faculties df the Cooper and University of
California medical colleges against the
College of Physicians and Surgeons. In
the preliminary sparring so far the "P.
and 5.," as the Fourteenth-street insti
tution is called, has had all the advan
tage. Latterly, however, its united op
ponents have developed wonderful recu
perative powers and the contest promises
to go the limit to a draw.
In such an eVent one man will be happy.
He is Dr. <;. E. Sussdorf, the present
superintendent of the City and County
Hospital. The longer the fight lasts the
i r he will hold office, and should it
end up with no decision he will continue
in his place. Three members of the Board
of Health have intimated their wish to
create a vacancy by disposing of him. the
intention being to appoint as his suc
cessor Pr. David E. Hodghead, who has
an office In the McNuti Hospital on Sut
ter street and 1b the candidate of I>r.
Wlnslow Anderson, dean of the faculty
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The fourth niemli. r of the board, Dr.
Barbat, Is perfectly willing to pet rid of
lorf. but refuses to budge in that
direction until he is absolutely certain
that !.■• candidate of the "P. and S." will
get the place.
Barbat announced himself to that ef
fect a week ago last night. At a secret
meeting of the board to oil the toboggan
• • doomed employes of the Health
Departmeni it was proposed to oust Suss
dorf. Keeney, Coffey and Payne voted in
the affirmative; Barbat in the negative,
stating that he knew it to be the purpose
of his colleagues to elect Hodghead. He
said he had nothing persanalh against
Hodgnead, merely opposing: him as the
candida!. of a college. Dr. Barbat's stand
d it. It takes four votes to create a
vacancy, and only three to elect Without
1: :ii at's vote the other three had nothing
to nil, and there they stand and are likely
nd until Dan Hums cracks the whip
and makes his family physician hunt his
hole.
Had Dr. Barbat been candid with his
CoHeagues h< would have told them that
he opposed Hodghead not because h<- was
the representative of a college but be
cause he was the representative of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons
which is largely Dr. Winslow Anderson.
Fie could have told them also maybe th"y
know ii that the mere mention of the
name of Dr. Anderson in the presence of
Barbat Is like flaunting a red ran In front
"J a bull, ii makes Harbat bellow.
This may be because, while Hart. at Is
physician to the family of Dan Burns Dr
Anderson enjoys the full confidence of the
Mexican and has been called In on extra
ordinary occasions. It may he. that the
jaundice of professional jealousy has col
ored the feelings of the family physician
to Buch an extent that they Influence hi?
action In the Board of Health. However
that may be, it remains of record that
Bafbat, who agreed with bis colleagues
in putting a clothespin on the no.s<-> of th«
Board of Health while the Hums off
scourings -were being passed into office,
does not agrei with them on the man to
be elected superintendent of the City and
County Hospital.
For the present Barbat Beetns to have
th^ whip hand: His colleagues have the
three votes necessary to elect Hodghead,
but not the four needful to oust Sussdorf.
The principal Interest th<> Cooper and
California college faculties have in the
fight is against further encroachment of
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
on what they have considered their par
ticular preserve. For that reason they
support Barbat in his opposition to Hodg
head. who rr presents the P. and fi.
They know that with Sussdorf out' of the
way. Dra Keeney, Coffey and Payne
would put In, If not Hodghead, some other
P. and S. candidate: The action of
ih^ three physicians at a meeting on tho
very night on which they first tried to
oust Sussdorf, Barbat showed that. Dr.
Payne introduced an Innocent looking res
olution to the effect that the College of
Physicians and Surgeons be allowed equal
privileges at the City and County Hospi
tal with the medical department of the
University of California and Cooper Med
ical College; also that it have the privi-
Lege of appointing one visiting physician
and one visiting Burgeon without pay;
and. further, to appointt an equal numbi r
Of graduates as internes.
The resolution was adopted with only
one dissenting vote (Barbat's)/ but the
fact that the triumph was not without op
position made it none the less bitter for
the opponents of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons, which had at lßst won Its
long fight and was finally on equal foot
ing wiih the others.
Wiih Sussdorf out and Hodghead in the
I", and S. would be cock of the walk, with
the . others nowhere. It remains to be
seen whether or not Barbat can hold the
fort.
The New Secretary to the Board of Health Responds
to the Toast, "How to Cleanse the Tenderloin."
Hales.
BOSierV. Hole's goods— good goods— worthy, wearable, satisfactory goods. I CtKn«^- Pt« l 117 • j
Hosiery. summer bnirr Waists.
C^ <g m -j-^C^a #"% <^l /n^#* ; ' 20 dozen assorted styles
If you are going for ar) 1 1 1 1 1 1 CI .' V and colors, all this season's
outing you'll, wear out ■ ■ ■ ,-., ; ;• . : styles and all good value at
lots of footwear. Better , x-^ -ft* I fe; to <h9 \a/ +<-
rta f g ood supply now •;- : Selling. t^Z Z \T^
Economical footcomfort. *^V*i***^« . ■ , : ' tHey |ast wj|| bs
CoZ&tSfbSnd ; . , : Lots of summer goods in tbe bouse ■• »BO each
seamless, double heel and that have got to go. .; DllCfc SklftS ;
toe, narrow ribbed, maco Stocktaking is a big, tedious job at > ; •15 dozen Separate Duck
cotton, sizes sto 9 2 . ....:. b?st The less odds and ends we have the Skirts, in white, blue and
• • 1^ 2 ° P air better— better for us and better for you. black, just the thing for your
•145 pairs Infants Fancy ' . ni* c i vacation or Sunday outing.
Cotton and Lisle Thread l OWellllg. Ulltlllg bllltS, : : They ; are the regular $1 kind,
Socks, in plaid and stripes More towe|s Qeeded nowa . Durable and wearable-late butto clean u £ * hey go at
We imported these to sell days than ever— warm days, j patterns that. are nearly sold •• • • •• • tSJC eaC "
fo "lean"" wifat i"c dusty -ads and outdoor ex- out-bargains wbi.e they last Vacation Handkerchiefs
,  • IK,, erCISe. bO|-T)e snaps here. 4 Great Snaps in Dress Goods for Vaca- ocn _, v-l . . ,
make the price . ..IOC . tion Suits, a £ grade of fancy granite, 38 2dQ dozen Children s Vacation
o^r • ', , c '50 dozen Damask Towels, all linen, inches w.de. in dark colors ; a 50c quality : Handkerchiefs, hemstitched, col-
-375 pairs Children S hancy . . ..:, L . . , , ( . in fancy cord, 38 inches wide a 50c quality ored borders. They are cheap
_ rii . . . , , colored borders, with long knotted tri.nge, o i f an cy DOD'in 38 inches Wide and a 50r ' l t , l l/j x i
Cotton Hose, in plaids and z hei AM , his week they l^'K,":*"" wide e "°"« h '<" h « »*» ■> -c.
Stripes, fine maCO Cotton, |„„ , ■ . ■ ._. . ___Z- dark colors. Your choice of the-entire lot of ent >'' ; cheapv enough to lose
double heel and toe, sizes sjg° a ' ■•" '° C eaCh 4 sl "" » 25i = ya nd ..,.,:..,......,. .21c each
to 9, regular value 50c. To Linen Rollf , Towels, all made up J^t«^^iStS»^ Ruffling"
clean them lip.!£oC paiP ready for use, 17 inches by 2?, yards long, ! saic stripes and chevron cords that sold at &*
' ln two lots, usually selling "at 40c and | $1-00. in light and dark colors a big assort- 200 yards Fancy Ruffling, silk
100 dozen Ladies Black co o _; , O r* _^i ; ment of shades and patterns, but only a few crepe and ribbon trimmed, in
Cotton Hose, in fine gauge 5 ° C 25 and 30c eaCh , yards of each. While they last.. 3sc yard black,: white and colors, 2 .0,3
Cotton Hose, in fine gauge btack, white and colors, 2 to 3
maco yarn, high spliced heel, ;• 500 yards Twilled Roller Toweling, Bedspreads. : . ™ h^ £* *f-£ v^
double Sole and toe, regular ,17 inches wide, good quality, the regu- 2 cases White Crochet Bedspreads, hem- } rom 25 to 50c D r yard Yo i
value 25c. Clean-up price L price 11, per yard. .On sale th. % .""» ? af 4"£ can easily find an economical use
lOC j week . ; .5C yard on sale f0r..... 63c each | for them at ..... 9c yard
BOTH ROBINSON
AND CHRETIEN
ARE EXPELLED
Hot Fight in Fourth of
July Committee.
Bodlam and babel arp as ?wppt har
mony compnrrd with a single, meeting:
f if the pxecutive committee of thp Fourth
of July commit top. That body gathered
hist nlßht In Its rooms at thp Grand Ho
tel and for fire hours indulged In a pas
sion for obstruction and dilatory tactics.
Thp real purpose of the session was. to
Investigate the charges brought, against
John M. Chretien and Colonel T. P. Rob
inson, accused by A. S. Baldwin with at
tempting to extort money;
George \V. Fletcher, chairman of the
committee, presided, and on Chretiens
own motion the committee waded right
into the midst of things, '.the rcKulaf or
der of business being: dispensed with.
■A motion was. made and carried giving
the 'hair the power -.to appoint a commit
tee 6£ seven to investigate all; charges
preferred against- Chretien, Robinson
et al. Chairman Fletcher had anticipated
this action and lie. promptly, named the,
followiiiK committee of Inquisition: '/.. I.
Dodge] A, «',. Plait. W". .1. I Icrrln, ■ Jnnies
If. (t'Hrieh. Leonard Stone, Percy L. Hen
derson and W. J. Jobson.
These Beven repaired to a closed-doors
session. With the trappings! of dignity
and austere' lmportance .the work of in
qulsitlon beg-an. ■'..'. . ■ • '
The first witness to be callpd was A. S.
Baldwin of the Glen Park Company,
whose letter acted as a reveille to Robin
son and the Bleeping committee — out of
session. Up told a plain, unvarnished and
unimpeachable tale, of how- Chretlejn had
come to him. saying that Robinson had
sent him for the $50 draw-down, which
was his due for work done in securing- the
fireworks show for Glen Park. <'hfeii-n
said, according to Haldwin, that if Robin
son was to get $.V). why he deserved ten
times as much. Thia statement took
Baldwin's breath away. He .saw th.athe
was up against one who dared and h3
begged a stay of proceedings for a day.
Baldwin told the Inquisitors-' that ■'Chretien
took alarm at this and sought subterfuge
hy requesting Baldwin, to Rive the $f>o in
form of a check payable to Robinson, If
he intended to give it at all. .
This Chretien said would cinch Robin
son and expose his vile and corrupt
methods. Witness said he Immediately
Hales.
wrote Robinson the letter which was pub
listu'i] yesterday.
Robinson turned it over to Fletcher.
With Chretien, these two called upon
Baldwin Tuesday night. The latter then
told his Btory to Fletcher In the presence
.of Robinson and Chretien. Robinson
claimed thai Chretien had repeatedly ap
proached him. adjuring a collection of $50
from Baldwin, but the colonel thought he.
referred to the subscription as moii'-y to
be paid in the general treasury of the
committee. Chretien's story was that
I Robinson goaded him on to get the rake
: down which was due him personally for
I work done.
"With those varying tales," Paid the
witness. "I could see no other outcome
than a mingling of fists. I told them that
the He had been passed and that there
was but one possible thing to do. I of
fered my parlor, sitting and dining rooms
as an upholstered ring, but they both sat
there, mute and Inactive. I then sug
gested the back yard or the street, neither
of which places seemed to suit their fan
cies. One was certainly lying."
.Colonel Rohiifson was called in and told
his story, ■which was to the effect that he
thought all along that the money which i
Chretien referred to was to go into the
Fourth of July fund. Chretien then testi- j
Bed and his version made- himself the |
emissary of Robinson to secure the $50, I
which he admitted was to be given for a .
personal end. This point he could not .
explain. : Cross examination and other
testimony added cumulative. facts to Bald
win's evidence. -;It' was ; also Intimated
that Chretien' had ' secured $1.0 from ■ a
.-saloonkeeper on ' 'Montgomery street, and
which he did not collect for the. com- j
mittee;..- . ': '• ■ ■•.•■-■-■•■■: ■ ■■.-. : \ ■• •'. .
- The next man. on the grill ■ was Fred •
.Raabe. - - The .charges . against- - him were
that .he solicited a bribe .of $20. to give
James A. Hlanchard, a- leader of a band.,
the .place, of • honor In. the. .procession,. .
Raabe denied this, and as Blanchard was
hot- there to prove his assertions the; mat- '
ter was laid over until to-day at -4 o'clock. -.
The inquisitorial .committee reported' :as :
follows: •..-.. ■"•.■' "'".'■'. : .'• ■' • ■
Tip the Chairman- ami Executive Committee— ;
■ Gentlemen: Your committee- appointed to In-,
vestigate charges of extortion made against
certain members of the .executive committee
find: ..:"■■ . :. - ■.'■-. '.■.■'■' -
■' First That- the charßes made against Fred
-Raabe. shall be continued until to-morrow un
.til 4 p. m. at the rooms of this committee.
■Second— That tho .testimony offered against
T. P. Robinson- is Insufficient to support the
charge of- extortion; ' • ■ '••
Third— That we find .the. charge of extortion
against J.M. Chretien to be true. ■■'■
•..;■;■: Z. U. DODGE.;
.' ! 'A. O: I'L.ATT. •
'• '• ' W. .1. HERRIX. ■ - , .. :
" ! JAP. H. O'BRIEN,
••••. LEONARD STONE, :
• . ■ PERCY 1.. HENDERSON,
W. O. JOBSON.
The upmar that ensued upon the ron
.cluslon of the reading of the report re
pembkd an anarchist riot,, and compara
tive quiet was restored only after th^
chairman had demolished his' mallet rap
pinp for order. . '
■ There had- been no stenogrraphlc report
of the investigating' c<immlttee's labors,
so the trial had to practically bo repeated
■before the executive committee. The first
two findings were disposed of. Raabe
Hales.
was exonerated and the Robinson clause
was adopted, but Chretien's case had to
be wholly retried. The witnesses were
again examined in toto. Fight as they
would, Chretien's followers could not
stem the tide, and Chretien's head came
off.
Then occurred a piece of fierce jugglery.
The report as prepared by the Investigat
ing committee was thrown aside and on a
motion by James O"Gara Colonel Robin
son's head fell into the basket.
Robinson was deposed as chairman of
the fireworks committee and Chretien as
vice president of the executive committee
and member of the fireworks committee.
Both were then expelled bodily from the
general Fourth of July Committee
GONE TO HER REST.
The Passing Away of Mrs. Lillian A. ;
Carlie, a Prominent Member of
the Native Daughters.
A wreath of beautiful flowers and along
streamer of purple ribbon hung: on the
: door of the Native Daughters' Home yes
terday, an emblem of sorrow for "the
; death of one of the prominent members of
; the order, of Native Daughters of the
I Golden West, Mrs.. Lillian. A. Carlle. The
. deceased, who was a sister, of the late
Frank J. Higgins. the first president of
the Grand. Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West; had . for a Jong time i
prior to her demise been a great sufferer ;
; from a disease, which she knew was in
curable, Despite her Illness, she was an
ardent worker;, for the advancement of
: the order, which, 1 next to her. only son,
: she loved with an ardor, that has seldom,
if .ever, been equaled by any one in that
.organization,. and so long as she was able <
to attend the meetings of La Estrella. j
Parlor, of which she was the founder, |
she, was present to assist in the upbuild- j
ing thereof. -A' few weeks ago she at- |
tended a social function given by ; her par- ;
lor and to an intimate friend she said.;. '
"This, ;i. feel, will be the last time that I
.will see my girLs enjoy themselves. I al
ways call them 'ray girls,' for I. am their
; t'rat'-rnal mother. I feel that I am soon
to go. and while I hate to leave my darl- |
ing son and : these lovable girls, . I am j
ready -when the summons comes. 1 " A few ;
days after that she became. so ill that she
was taken to the home, where at 5. .o'clock
on last Tuesday afternoon she -peacefully
passed away. \ .., ■: ■ ■ .; . .':' : .• '
Mrs. I'arlie was an unusually ' bright
'■ woman, highly educated; one of high ar- :
tistic taste, a fluent writer and possessed
of fine voice,' which she frequently' used 1
to charm the members of the parlors. She
■was a regular attendant at all the grand i
parlor sessions;' and. being well versed in
legislation rendered valuable assistance in
framing laws for the order. She was the
composer of one of; the odes now in use,
and for which she was awarded, a prize. ]
i But owing to her illness her absence at
the last held Grand Parlor.was noted, and
many were: the words of sympathy ex
pressed.- For several terms she was one
of the grand trustees of tho Grand Parlor. .
Shortly before her death she called to
• her. bed.slde some of the sisters in th.3
I order and gave them directions as to how
her funeral should be conducted, and her
wishes will be carried out under the
auspices of the members of La Estrella
Parlor. She was a native of Columbia,
Tuolumhe. County, and was In the forty
third year of her age. The funeral will
be held from the home at 2 o'clock this |
afternoon.
A GRAND EXCURSION.
To Lake Tahoe During the Holidays.
Another grand outing has just been
arranged for pleasure-seekers of the
bay rities by the. Southern Pacific
Company. On Friday, Saturday, Sun
day and Monday next, on train leaving
this city at 6 p. m., there will be Lake
Tahoe excursions, for which the ex
tremely low round-trip rate of Jll 30
has been made. A steamer trip around
charming Lake Tahoe and a chance to
visit any -of its delightful resorts is in
cluded. Tickets 1 will be good for return
on any regular train from Truckee up
to noon of Thursday, July 6, so that
ample time is given for a royal trip.
This is the very height of the Tahoe
season, and the- rate offered is unpreco
dentedly low. Tickets are now on sale,
either at the Hiy ticket office, 613 Mar
ket street, under the fJrand Hotel, -or at
the ferry depot. Don't lose a chance
like this. Remember the dates— Friday
to Monday next, inclusive, on 6 p. m.
train. . ■ .'
LINCOLN MONUMENT LEAGUE.
Ladies of the Lincoln and Garfield
Relief Corps Interested.
The executive 'committee of the 'Lincoln
Monument T.,eague held' a mcrti.ne: in the
office of Judge M. Cooney, Phelan ■b-uild-
Ing, lapt night, with. Charles Edelman in;
the rhair. Comrade Can reported., that
the visiting, committee had visited Lin
coln and Garfield Relief Corps, and. that
it had- been warmly rereived in both i.n
sta&ces, .and that committees, had. been
appointed to take definite action.. As
soon as the various- women organizations
have been appointed a joint meeting with
the executive committee of. the league
will be held. A number of speeches were,
made in favor of the panhandle exten
sion and the placing of the Lincoln monu
ment In it at some appropriate place.
Bag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & Street, tamale Grotto;- nightly. •
Hales.
3-Day Specials!
It's a pretty bad cook who can spoil
coffee made of our "Ideal" blend in
our "Ideal" coffee pot.
COFFEE, Ideal blend, 2 lbs 3oc
Regular price 35c per Ib.
TOMATOES, A cans. 25c
Code, Klf'-lt A- < '.o.' <= extra premium
Regular price 3 cans 25c.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, qt. bot .....50c
Fine ''Italian. Olive Oil, •
Regular price, We. . .'- . '■
YIN PASTEUR, bot 60c
Wine, of Coca and Kola nut,
.'■ '.recommended as a great
nervo tonic!
Regular price 51. ',■
BROMANGELON, pk£. lOj
'■ Make.-*, delicious Jelly in a jiffy.
. Raspberry, Strawberry, Lemon, • . . '
: Orange and Pineapple:. : '.' :
. Regular price }2V 3 c, " .!'
ROYAL MALT WHISKY, hot. 75c
■ . The/purest: brand known,', especially
: recommended .for medicinal purpose.
; Regular price $1. :
Mail »nd Telephone Orders Receive Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
• -Near Market. ' Corner Lombard. .
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 153.
BUY NOW—PAY LATER
THIS SET— IN OAK ONLY —
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
ODD
PIECES OF FURNITURE FILL, A
LARGE SPACE IN' OUR STORE.
PIECES NICE FOR PRESENTS —
SOUND, SUBSTANTIAL SENSIBLE.
SERVICEABLE OIFT: GOOD — ODD
PIECES FOR ODD PLACES. OUR
PRICES ARE LOWER THAN CASH
HOUSES. YOU BUY NOW— PAY
LATER.
THE J."NOONAN
. FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
fibove Slxtrj.
Phone Sooth I*. Open Evenings.
NO PAIN. NO PAIN.
9O PER cent^^,
W ' £>lJ DISCOUNT
' ■ff on Plates and Brid^ework 'EV
M Until isrlnßftftiiflF 30 n
■ August I KTj^^rvH Days ■
. : ■■■•■■ SEE OUR NEW ' =
FtESH=COLORED PLATES
THINNER fiND STRONGER
'". ' . • THAN RUBBER. ■
Crowijs $3.50.- Plates $5. Filling 50c.
... ALL WORK WARRANTED. - \
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, )
. 24 SIXTH ST., COR. STEVENSON. •. j