VOLUME LXXXYI-XO 103.
DREYFUS IS CONFIDENT OF
SOON GAINING HIS LIBERTY.
Views Vary as to the
Length of Time the
Reconvicted Officer Is
to Serve.
From All Sections of the Civil
ized Come Reports of
Protest Against the Injustice
of the Verdict.
RFNNES, Sept. 10.— Dreyfus has
borne the terrible shock with
marvelous fortitude, one might
almost say with unnatural
calm. Yesterday he seemed
stupefied when M. Labori communicat
ed to him the verdict, but has since ral
lied. He passed a quiet night and rose
when his orderly brought him water at
5 o'clock, this morning just as he did
g the trial when it was necessary.
Mme. Dreyfus and Ma.thieu Drey
fus, his brother, visited him during the
- of the afternoon. His brother
;uently left for Paris. The appli-
D to the Court of Revision was
taken to him at noon by M. Labori's as
t and he signed it.
To-day Dreyfus has spoken but llt
: hough he has seemed in better
spirits than might have been antici-
The meeting with his wife was
naturally very affecting, but both held
up as well as possible. He said to her:
"I am not uneasy regarding ray
- :f. as I shall soon be free, but I think
: and my poor children: they will
be branded as the children of a traitor."
He is convinced that the ten years'
•~ onment to which he is sentenced
•\:ped out by the five years of
- '"lusion he has undergone on
I Islai.d and he expects to be re
i by October 15, which will be five
■ . the date of his former con
nation. He is so sanguine that he
•r.ade an extraordinary request of
fT a novel to be read In the
•ime, explaining that his ml
and weighed down by :
tfl that he needs to divert his
•houghts and to try to get all the recol
last three months out ofj
H»- thinks that readins a
vtli affor sired ment i
• iig. The '
■ ■ ■ ■ '1 Press J
::ne. Dreyfus this after- |
ter her visit with h*-r husband
saw her father. M. Hadamard. who ;
ter was bearing up won-
Uy well, considering th^ circum-
B, but desired to remain undis- !
• -.lay in view of the emotional i
;he interview.
H. Hadamard said that Mme. Drey- ]
. :he family were hopeful and!
I forward to some favorable de
pments.
"The verdict," he added, "Is an infamy. ;
■ Lin Dreyfus is in poor health, as
one knows. He has been extremely
ill from the moment of his arrival in j
France and has been put on a special j
•■. His health has not improved
be nervous effect of yesterday's
.n blow is bound to react on his
r d condition. His suppression of
all outward emotion is due to his al
-• incredible force of will, but it does
• m ply that he is insensible to the
mental and physical torture he has un
dergone. On the contrary, the family
MME. DREYFUS, FAITHFUL WIFE OF THE PRISONER.
♦ ■ ~~
f At a special meeting of the Emanu-El Sisterhood held yesterday aft
♦ ernoon, the council directed the following cablegram to be sent to Mme.
4 Dreyftfc:
♦ v 1p Mme. Lucie Dreyfus. Rennes, France: The Emanu-El Sister
<*> hoo* ■ -. ltB own behalf 3^,3 the Jewish womanhood of San Francisco,
♦ lamelts with you. prays with you. and with you hopes for a final trl-
I umpAnt vindication. BELLA LILIENTHAL, President.
I AIRLINE ROTHSCHILD. Secretary. ..
The San Francisco Call.
' just now see his w^ak state of health
and abnormal impassivity, an ugly sign,
and fear for him more than they care to
express."
The town to-day has been perfectly
calm. There has not been a sign nor a
demonstration nor a cry for or against
Dreyfus. A number of people gathered
to s-^e Mme. Dreyfus visit the prison,
but they were quite respectful.
The troops and masses of gendarmes
who yesterday gave the center of Ren
nes the appearance of a military camp,
have completely vanished. There are
hardly any gendarmes in sight except
near the Dreyfus residence, where a
few are posted. Cavalry officers were
: seen frequenting the cafes this after
i noon, showing that the authorities no
longer fear any trouble here and are
allowing the officers to leave their bar
. racks.
So far as can be ascertained military
men are perfectly satisfied with the
verdict, which they interpret as safe
' guarding the honor of the army and at
! the same time doing an act of mercy to
: Dreyfus, who, they say. sufficiently ex
piated his crime in the awful existence
he passed on Devils Island. They point
out that even if he is sent to Fort Lorte.
it will be to receive henceforth the hu
mane treatment he ha? .-xwrienced
since his return to France.
One Ftrange fact is the extraordi
i nary defense of the opinion respecting
the exact effect of the judgment —
whether he can be degraded again
and whether the five years' solitary
confinement he has undergone will be
regarded as equivalent to the t*»n
years' detention to which he is now
sentenced, and whether he will be re
leased next month. This matter is
quite a^ide from the general impres
sion thai he will be pswloncd in .t
few days by President Loubet. who
will find some ground on which to ex
ercise clemency.
M. Demange thinks the five years
will count for nothing, and that Drey
fus, according to the law, will have to
suffer ten years' detention. Many
others, however, including several law
yers, hold a contrary opinion, and de
clare that he will be released in Oc
tober. This, as already cabled, is the
belief of Dreyfus himself.
The correspondent this* afternoon in
terrogated M. Coupers, the clerk of
! the court-martial, on this point. He
was most emphatic in declaring that
Dreyfus must serve ten years from the
i date of a fresh degradation, the court
-1 martial having considered the ca.se as
beginning when Dreyfus appeared be
fore them, disregarding altogether his
i previous sentence.
ML Coupers said: "I have no doubt
j whatever that according to the mili
tary code Dreyfus must undergo deg
radation again, as he was reinstated
as a captain in the army and he ap-
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
CAPTAIN DREYFUS' NEW PRISON.
The town and citadel of Corts, Island of Corsica, where it is reported the ex-prisoner of Devil's Island
will spend his newly allotted term of imprisonment.
The town of Corte is situated high up In the mountains, just north of the central part of the island
of Corsica, on the high road from Bastia, on the northeast coast, to Ajaccio, on the southwestern, and thirty
miles from either place. It stands on the banks of the river Tavignano, and near the foot of Mount
Rotondo, shown in the background of the picture, from whose summit, 5609 feet high, can be seen the shores of France
and Italy, from Toulon to Leghorn, as well as nearly all o:' Sardinia, to the south. Corte has a population of 5000
souls, and is the seat of the University of Paoli. It has one of the few daily newspapers on the island, and a statue of
Corsica's famous son, Pasquel Paoli, which stands on the o-ntral plaza of the same name. The citadel, with the at
tached fortifications of later date, which may be Dreyfus' new prison home, is shown on the rising ground in tha
back of the picture, a little to the right of the center.
peared before the court in uniform.
: That he will actually be put through
this cruel ordeal I think doubtful. If
it depended on me I know what I
should do. and the President of the re-
I public may think with me."
Colonel Jouaust also declared that
! Dreyfus must serve ten years, but
1 speaking with friends to-day, he ex
; pressed a conviction that there would
i not be a fresh degradation. This cer
emony requires breaking the prisoner's
sword and tearing off his epaulets.
But Dreyfus never had his sword re
stored to him, and he only wore un
dress uniform without epaulets, so
that it would be impossible to carry
out the regulations for degradation.
This is »'olonel Jouaust's vi«w.
Those who think Dreyfus will be
i released in October because the five
i years on Devils Island will wipe out
i the present sentence saw in the fart
that he was sentenced for exactly ten
i years a confirmation of their view, but
they are mistaken. He was sentenced
to ten years not because that happened
I to double his confinement on Devils
I Island, but because according to mili
] tary code the recording of two votes in
his favor fixes the term of detention at
j ten years. Had the verdict been unan
imous he must have been sentenced to
twenty years.
Those professing to have ascertained
i since the verdict the opinion of the
j judges, declare that the vote of five to
j two was not given by mutual agree
ment, but because the two judges vot
ed in his favor from a conviction of
his innocence.
The present procedure is the appli
j cation for revision, signed by Dreyfus
to-day. It will be sent to Paris. The
! clerk of the court-martial must send a
! complete dossier of the trial, includ
! ing all the documents submitted. A |
\ reporter will be appointed to examine j
:it minutely and ascertain whether
i there be any flaw in the proceedings. >
The result will be submitted to the j
Court of Revision, which will main- j
tain or annull the sentence.
An interesting fact developed to-day |
j is that the police had taken every pre- j
i caution to get Dreyfus safely out of ;
: Rennes in the event of acquittal, in
' which case it was unanimously agreed !
there would have been serious disor- ■
der and probably an attempt upon his ,
i iife. The police had arranged to con- !
■ duct him back to the military prison, j
i after the verdict, with the same pre- i
j cautions as during the trial. He was j
I to have been given civilian attire and j
j a false beard and then to have left the ,
' prison by the small door of th-- re- !
cruiting office leading to the Avenue !
(de la Gare. No one would have ex
: pected him to leave through that
building, which is attached to the mil
itary prison, and, thanks to the dis
guise, the police hoped he would reach
the station safely, where a special train
was waiting to rush him off before the
crowd could have heard of his leav
, ing.
PRESS OF THE WORLD
RINGS WITH EXECRATIONS
LONDON, Sept. 10.— With the excep
i tion of the Jesuit organ in Rome and
the anti-Semite papers, the press of
the whole world is ringing with exe
crations. Even the Russian press joins
in the chorus, although perhaps the
Jews are nowhere more hated than in
Russia. The judges are everywhere
described as criminals, and gloomy
j speculations are indulged in as to
what future is in store for France.
The German press is especially ln-
I dlgnant, the National Zeitung remark
i ing that "even the worst enemy of
j France could not have wjshed what
has happened."
Papers of all nationalities fall in
with the idea of boycotting the exhi
bition.
The Daily Chronicle. says that Mer
cier issues from the case one of the
' blackest scoundrels In history.
The Daily News remarks: "It is no
; longer Dreyfus, but France herself that
1 is on trial."
The Morning Post declares that "the
; mitigation of the sentence will be ln
j terpreted all over the world as cvi
i dence that the judges who condemned
MOODY PRAYS
FOR DREYFUS
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.—
Among Rev. Mr. Moody's con
gregation in Plymouth Church
this morning were several dele
gates from Great Britain to
the International Congregational
Council, which will meet on Sep
tember 19 in Boston. Mr. Moody
asked the prayers of the con
gregation for Dreyfus and his
family and said: "I pity the
mun- or nation thy* .wTlt^ iitfefw:
prejudice to come into their
hearts against God's chosen
people. "We owe a great deal to
the sons of Abraham. All the
blessings we enjoy come through
that line. If any of you have
prejudices against them I be
seech you to tear them out.
From the bottom of my heart
I pity the man who has a preju
dice against another because he
is a Jew."
* Mr. Moody then offered a fer
vent prayer for Dreyfus and his
family. He prayed for such a
manifestation as would show
that there is still a God meting
out justice. Mr. Moody after
ward preached upon the doc
trine of atonement, which he
declared was the one thing
taught "in the Bible from Gene
sis to Revelations.
i Dreyfus really believed him innocent."
The Daily Telegraph says: "This in
; famous judgment disgraces France,
i dishonors her army, insults the Kaiser
i and offends the best principles of hu
manity. There seems nothing left for
1 France but a revolution, and a war
will reduce her to the level of Spain."
The Standard says: "We are watch
ing by the sick bed of a great nation,
none knowing what new and deadly
form the malady may assume."
The Times observes: "We do not
hesitate to pronounce it the greatest
and most appalling prostitution of jus
tice the world has witnessed in mod
ern times. All the outrageous scan
dals which marked the course of the
trial pale into insignificance beside the
crowning scandal of the verdict."
The Daily Mail says: "Rennes is
France's moral Sedan."
The Dally Graphic says: "The
Rennes verdict will live forever as the
supreme effort of human wrong-head
edness."
INDIGNATION OF THE
REVISIONIST PRESS
PARIS, Sept. 10.— The revisionist
press comments upon the verdict with
deepest indignation, declaring that the
battle between the civil and military
courts will continue until the victory
rests with the Court of Cassation.
The Slecle has opened a subscription
to erect an expiatory monument in
front of the Palace of Justice at
Rennes to remind future generations
of this outrage of justice.
The Temps, referring to the rumor
that th« members of the court-martial
signed a recommendation to mercy,
but only as regards the degradation of
the military rank, says the mere men
tion of extenuating circumstances
proves that the judges had a doubt of
which the accused should have received
the benefit, and it urges the revision
ists to remember that, in order to de
mand justice from the country, it Is
necessary first of all to act with calm
ness.
The Gauloia says: "A great move
ment of Rennaissance will spring from
the Dreyfus case."
GREAT INDIGNATION
EXPRESSED IN LONDON
LONDON. Sept. 11.— It would be dif
ficult to describe adequately the indig
nation the verdict of the Dreyfus
court-martial has evoked everywhere
in England. The excitement In the
Jewish quarters of London is only
natural. Special prayers were offered
throughout Saturday In all the syna
gogues on behalf of Dreyfus, and as
soon as the verdict was known. Jews
i and Jewesses were seen at every street
i corner, expressing execration and
i many sobbing bitterly.
At the music halls, especially the
I Palace Theater, where cinematog-aph
pictures of the incidents and leading
actors of the Dreyfus affair were ex
-1 hibited, the news was received with
I groans and hisses. In the French
quarter of London there was much ex
citement, accompanied by street fight
ing. In almost all the places of pub
lice worship pulpit references were
made to the verdict.
Canon Scott-Holland at St. Paul's
Cathedral said: "A nation is on its
trial. France stands at the iudement
bar. All civilization is waiting to know
whether to-morrow's news may add
anything to qualify the naked cruelty
of a bare telegram, anything to relieve
the staggered consciences."
Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, the well
known Wesleyan divine, preached at St.
James Hall. He said: "Five unhappy
Judges have already taken their places
in the judgment of the human race be
side Judas. Pilate. Judge Jeffries and
other creatures. They have sentenced
thHr victim to a decade of imprison
ment, but they have decreed
themselves forever to the scorn, de
rision and execration of the human
race. Unless France shakes off this in
famy, she will be left without an ally
or friend."
Rev. Arthur Robins, chaplain in or
dinary to the Queen, preaching at Holy
Trinity. Windsor, said: "The civilized
world is aghast at this great crime of
five abject judgrs.'
DEMANGE WILL SUBMIT
SOME LEGAL QUESTIONS
PARIS, Sept. 10, 9 p. m.— The day
has been one of absolute quiet, with no
public excitement, even in the Rue de
Chabrol. There was a rainfall this
afternoon, and the streets were practi
j cally deserted.
Slight disturbances occurred yester
day at Marseilles and Belfort after the
verdict of the Dreyfus court-martial
was published. The demonstrators
stoned the residence of Jacques Drey
fus, brother of the condemned, at Bel
fort, breaking the windows and other
wise damaging the structure. Many
persons were arrested at both places.
The Premier, M. "Waldeck-Rousseau,
was visited this morning by most of
j his colleagues. The date of the next
i Cabinet Council has not yet been fixed.
| President Loubet will probably not re
turn from Ramboullet for several days.
To-morrow M. Demange will visit
M. Waldeck-Rousseau and submit
a number of legal questions
arising out of the trial. A
j semi-official note has been issued de
nying the assertion of the morning
papers that the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, M. Delcasse, transmitted to
I Colonel Jouaust, the president of the
court-martial, through M. Paleologue,
Friday, a statement by the Reichsan
zeiger repeating the disavowals of
Count yon Munster and Count yon
Buelow of German relations with Drey
! fus. TV note also denies that M. Del
| casse asked Germany to issue the
I statement. •
m
COURT-MARTIAL JUDGES
MAY PETITION LOUBET
NEW \ORK. Sept. 10.— A World
cable from Rennes says: A well
founded rumor is spreading that the
judges of the court-martial will them
selves sign a petition praying President
Loubet to pardon Dreyfus.
If this be true, this action and the in
explicable clause in the verdict citing
I "extenuating circumstances" clearly
I prove that five officers of the court con
victed Dreyfus while they were fully
convinced of his innocence.
It is almost ridiculous to repeat that
these five officers condemned Dreyfus
to exonerate the generals and to main
tain the prestige of the army. Accord-
Ing to the lights of these officers the
moral effect they desired has bee.n ac
complished by the conviction of Drey
fus. Now they will try to save him
from the ignominy and suffering that
the verdict entails.
VERDICT DESCRIBED AS
COWARDLY AND IMPOLITIC
BERLIN, Sept. 10.— The Dreyfus ver
dict causes a feeeling almost of stupe
flcation in Berlin. It has been hoped
that the statement of the Reich
sanzeiger, as emanating directly from
Emperor Wililara, would have ren
PRISON YAWNS FOR
DISHONEST DIRECTORS
Grand Jury Will Investigate
Gedge and Conlon.
Exposure of Their Crookedness Hurries Them
to Cover While Colleague Kemp Is Driven
to Drink— Williar's Peculiar Action,
ANEW Grand Jury will be im
paneled to-morrow by Judge
Daingerfield, and one of the first
matters that will be brought to
its attention will be the latest j
School Board scandal. The jury will j
have goud material upon which to
work, and, if the duty is faithfully
done, there will be vacancies in the
educational department of the city
; caused by some of the directors in
! voluntarily changing their places of
''■ residence from San Francisco to the
State prison.
According to the admissions of Dr.
H. E. Gedge, he was offered a bribe
to permit the changing of the specifi
cations upon which bids for school
I supplies were based to give a certain
firm a cinch on the contract at figures
that meant the looting of the school
I funds. The School Director made no
I secret of the fact in discussing the
i matter with his friends, that no bribe
was too small for him to grab on to,
and that he was not built on the lines
j of a man who would allow $2000 to slip
through his fingers while he was in the
possession of his proper senses. Direc
tor Gedge has made the statement
j that he had to pay $800 of the bribe
; money to his colleague, J. J. Conlon,
for agreeing to the steal. He also as
serts that Conlon did not refuse the
: money.
Gedge and Conlon, according to the
! former's admissions, took advantage of
their positiuns as members of the com
mittee on supplies to make the deal,
and fixed the whole matter up in se
| cret sessions, of which the third mem-
I ber, William A. Kemp, was either not
i informed or from which he was re-
I quested to stay away by Phil Crim
mins. Kemp was not in the division
of the bribe. The reason is that he did
not know that the twenties were fly
ing about him. If they had been golden
kissing bugs he would have escaped mi
i jury. But this is no fault of his. He
i says himself that he would have liked
i to have been considered in the transac
tion, and feels like being kicked for al
lowing himself to be bunkoed out of the
boodle.
The members of the "push" found lit
tle to console them yesterday morn
ing after reading The Call's expose of
their crookedness. Gedge, who, ac
cording to his own boast, appropriated
the lion's share of the bribe money, hid
j himself during the day. He was n<>t
j proud of the position into which his
I own tongue had forced him and did
[ not frequent the haunts that knew him
j well. Conlon his colleauge, also dis-
I played his modesty by keeping out of
sight.
Kemp, who was left out of the deal,
and was not even given a chance to take
; any bad money, was in evidence early
in the day. When he began to "smell
a mouse" a couple of months ago, he
undertook the gigantic contract of
; drowning his sorrow in liberal potions
of the "real old stuff." Although he
has stayed faithfully with the job. the
contract is by no means fulfilled, so he
resumed operations yesterday morning
as soon as he saw a copy of The Call.
His parade along cocktail row was a
noble effort, but when he counter
marched and broke away from the
stereotyped order of "a little straight,
please," the mixture disagreed with
him and he retired in disorder. But
his sorrow was drowned for the day.
His mind was in such a condition at
the finish that he actually thought that
Gedge and Conlon Wad divided.
Gedge's admissions at this late date
explain the peculiar methods that
were adopted by the School Board at
the time the supplies contracts were
under consideration last June, and
which created considerable comment j
at the time. The opening of the bids j
at the meeting of May 31 was sur- I
rounded by such an air of secrecy and
mystery that suspicion was at once
created that "something was doing."
sjo one was allowed to see the figures
of the bids in the open meeting. Su
perintendent Webster opened them, ex
plained that the necessary certified
check accompanied each, and, under
instructions, gave out no other infor
mation. The reporters were not al- j
1 lowed to inspect the bids.
At the suggestion of the Supplies
j Committee — Conlon, Gedge and Kernp —
the proposals were referred to them. j
They had possession of the documents !
for two weeks. It is not charged that j
they altered any of the figures to suit ;
the favored ones, but they certainly !
had the opportunity, and men who ac- I
cept bribes and boast about it might
have no compunction about a little '
thing like changing the figures in a
bid to the detriment of some honest
bidder. But this was not done, there i
being no necessity for such action, for i
the reason that the specifications had
already been tampered with so that i
no one but the bidder who was to pay I
the bribe could possibly win, and that
was all that Gedge cared about and
all that interested Conlnn.
Kemp, as has been stated, did not '
dered impossible the repetition of
what is described as "one of the
greatest judicial and political crimes
of any age."
It is universally agreed that the
second verdict is a grave political
blunder, a violation of the laws of
civilization, and an act of moral cow
ardice which the world will find it dif
ficult to pardon.
The German press unanimously de
scribes the verdict as cowardly and
impolitic, not to say criminal.
The Cologne Gazette says: "It is a
cowardly verdict, in the barbarous
spirit of the Middle Ages. By this
crime the judges have Imposed a line
o£ demarkation between France and
the rest of the world, which, although
it will not prevent diplomatic inter
course and stay the common exchange
of products, will, according to all the
notions of right, justice, honor, toler
ance and ethics which the civilized
world bears with it in the twentieth
century, form a barrier only to be re-
I moved by time and laborious effort.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
figure in this, much to his regret, but
he came in heavy at the finish, when
there was an opportunity for a little
grand stand play, and unwittingly
gave the first hint that there was a
scandal of some kind in the ink and
paper contracts.
The committee recommended that the
bid of Payot, Uph&m & Co. for that
class of goods be accepted. Their fig
ures on ink were 15 cents a gallon
higher than those of Brown & Potter,
and on paper 30 cents a ream higher
than the bid of the latter firm.
A man named H. R. Williar had been
called in by (Jedge and Conlon to ex
pert the samples of paper offered, and
he recommended the Golden Gate
brand handled by Payot, Upham &
Co., which was specifically mentioned
in the specifications. This was one of
the changes that barred many bidders.
It developed later that this man Williar
was the representative of the manufac
turers of the Golden Gate paper, which
was handled exclusively by Payot, Up
ham & Co., and it was nothing more
than natural that he, in the capacity
of expert for Gedge and Conlon, should
recommend it, to the exclusion of ail
other brands. These charges concern
ing Williar were set forth in a letter
from the Union Pulp and Paper Com
pany, which Kemp produced at one of
the board meetings he did attend.
Brown & Potter offered a paper made
by the Union Paper Company, from
whom they received figures before they
made their bid. They also offered
Penniwell's ink, a home production,
which previous contractors had substi
tuted for a higher-priced article, speci
fied in their agreement and for which
they were charging. Brown & Potter
offered it at 50 cents a gallon. Payot,
Upham & Co. were awarded the con
tract to furnish Stanford Ink at 65 cents
a gallon. Brown & Potter were anxious
to comply with the specification and
furnished figures on Golden Gate paper,
but Williar, the agent of the manufac
turers, refused to sell them any of it.
Members of the firm of Payot, Up
ham & Co. deny that they or any one
representing them bribed the Supplies
Committee of the Board of Education.
H. R. Williar, who posed as the com
mittee's expert, and whose employers
in the East profited by the award of
the contract to Payton, Upham & Co.,
could not be found yesterday or last
evening, and consequently could
neither deny or affirm any suspicion
that may exist that he is the man who
paid the $2000 to School Director Gedge.
The Call did everything possible
yesterday to give Gedge and Conlon
an opportunity to make whatever
statements or explanations they de
sired in connection with the case.
Neither of the men could be found;
none of their friends or relatives would
acknowledge that they knew their
whereabouts or when they would come
out of hiding. Inquiries at the Gedge
residence, 1162 Jackson street, elicited
the information that the School Di
rector had left home in the morning,
stating that he would not return dur
ing the day or night. No one in the
house knew when he would be back,
if at all. The father of Director Con
lon was seen last evening at the fam
ily residence, 1363 Eddy street. He said
that his son was not at home, and that
he did not know where he was or when
he would return.
HEAD EXPECTED IT.
One Director Not at All Surprised at
The Call's Expose.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 10.— Concerning
the charges made against School Director
Gedge in The Call of this morning 1 . School
Director Ed Head has to say the fol
lowing:
"What I and others in a position to
know have expected has come to pass,
as we forecasted Gedge's finish when his
raw work first came into evidence in con
nection with the Ginn contract for copy
books. That contract was considered in
an executive session of the board, and
Gedge's anxiety that it be awarded was
..lent that he was openly flouted by
different members. He buttonholed ev
ery member and nulled every wire he
could get hold of to win it out.
"I was one of the first sacrifices to the
necessity for such a tool as Gedge has
proved to be. He was given his nomina
tion by Crimmins and, Kelly, and it was
offered him by Ed Williams. Chief Clerk
of the Justices' Court, their City Hall
lieutenant. When I was chairman of the
Supplies Committee that combination ap
proached me on different propositions,
and found they cnuld do nothing with me.
They generally came at me through this
man Kemp. He made no direct proposi
tions, but grot at his point clearly enough
to find thee was nothing doing with me.
As a result of it I lost my job as chair
man of the Supplies Committee.
"I can make n*o direct charges against
Gedge; there are other members of the
board who intend to do that. The so
called 'club flush' neglects the business
end of things in their desire 'to improve
educational matters, but they are not
men who will overlook crookedness.
Gedge's work has been so raw that none
of us could help seeing it. and ConJon'e
has been <3n a par with it. but what the
basis of the settlement betvreen them is
I am not prepared to say. The School
Board has its evidence, and this expose
of The Call will doubtless bring It
out."
The other leading journals comment
npon the verdict in similar strains.
DREYFUS CANNOT
ACCEPT THE SWORD
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 10.— Mrs. Dav
id Reichborg of this city, who re
cently started a movement to raise
a fund among American Jews for the
purpose of presenting a■< handsome
sword to Captain Alfred Dreyfus, re
ceived a letter yesterday from Mme.
Dreyfus, in which she said that the
Captain could not accept a sword from
American people.
m
DEMONSTRATION OF
HAVRE SOCIALISTS
HAVRE, Sept. 10.— Th* socialist and
revoluntionary groups demonstrated
here this afternoon against th« ver
dict. The police dispersed large
crowds and made fifteen arresta.2
TOWN OF DYEA WILL
BE MOVED TO SKAGUAY
Best Buildings Will Be Placed on Scows
and Floated Across the Lynn
Canal,
0 VICTORIA, P.. C, Sep< 10 X Foreman of San Francisco and th" Q
$ citizens nf Bkaguay are about to undertake a big enterprise. Dyea is ±
to be taken up the whole town at the entrance t" the cnlikoot Pass— x
A »md moved across Lynn <\wial on SCOWS to Skaguay to augment the ft
♦ growing town at the head of Lynn Canal. The promoters have been ♦
9 working on the novel scheme for BOrne time. Mr. Foreman, who con-
1 cetved the scheme, he having made money in a similar venture in Cali- q
I fornia, has been working quietly at Dyea for some time, and has so- i
0 cured 820 buildings, large and sttialL A small army of men have been O
f employed for the work of transporting these to Bkaguay. X
9 The majority of the buildings will be taken across the bay on V
X scows Borne of the better class of structures, with good floors, will q
♦ be calked and floated across. The Olympic. BlelS and other big h<>- X
6 tels will be carried on a number of SCOWS bunched together. Mr. Q
1 Romo is buying lots nt Skaguay on which the buildings from Dyea ±
O win be placed. The work will commence at Skaguay on the arrival w
X of Romo from San Francisco. $
In many cases th»» land was also purchased Tvlth the buildings at X
O Dyea, and here farm produce win be raised. 6
A BIG RAILWAY
DEAL PLANNED
Transcontinental Line
May Result.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10. The Chronlple
nays: Tt Is f.'ild by prominent railroad
m^n that the Hnrrimar syndicate Is qui
etly working on ■ plan for a transconti
nental railroad nystam. This is to be
brought about by the extension of the Il
linois Central Railroad to Omaha, Tin
latter company lias Its line to the Mls
s uri River town about finished. It is
■aid that when t h ng link Is
completed the L r njon Pacific and Illinois
Centra] systems will be welded financially
and physically to form one line from Chi
cago to the north Pacific Toast.
when this is done ih< Harriman Byndl
wlll have the Baltimore and Ohio,
from Nei\ fork and Philadelphia to Chi
cago. From Omaha it will own the fnlon
I th( I '!• R m Hallway and Navl
n line. In addition to this it owns
the Illinois Central from Chicago to New
ns and the Chicago and Alton to St.
l,<>uip and Kansas City, and Is figuring on
the control of the Kansas City, Pittsburg
and Oulf from Kansas City to the chir
of M< •
Chicago will be the center of this great
system. From here it will have its own
lines to the Atlantic and Pacific oceana
and two routes from Chicago t.< the <;ulf
Of Mexico find n side line to Sioux City,
la Thf syndicate's system will also t>,
strongly allied with the Missouri Pacific
and the Missouri, Kansas and Texas, the
•■A' \irK'\ X t railroads in :he Southwest.
"With the purchase-of the Minneapolis and
Rt LolriS by the Illinois Central, which is
reported to be a near probability, the syn
dicate will also have a line to St. Paul
and Minneapolis.
METHODISTS PREPARE
FOR CHANGES OF PULPITS
Dr. Hutsinpiller of Ohio Will Prob
ably B? Assigned to the Central
Church.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept 10.— Now (hat
the balloting for delegates to the General
Conference Is over the members of the
California Conference have time to think
about the question of where they are to
live during the next twelve months. It
is stated that Dr. S. D. Hutsinpiller of
Ohio, one of th. strongest and best known
men In the Middle West, will be Riven
charge of the Central Church, San Fran
cluco. it Is now certain that Dr. Case,
■will be retained as presiding elder of the
San Francisco district and that Dr.
Board will remain at Grace Church. San
Francisco. Otherwise change of pastor
ates throughout the conference will be
general.
The exercises of to-day were or a very
solemn nature, beginning with the con
ference "love feast" at 9 o'clock and end
ing with the missionary exercises in the
evening. Sixteen young men took holy
orders at the hands of the Bishop, and
the greater portion of the afternoon was
devoted to memorial services of the late
Bishop Newman and that prominent tig
ure in California Methodism, Dr. F. F.
Tonsil
CUSTOMS OFFICERS
SEIZE SMUGGLED OPIUM
One Hundred and Twelve Half-Pound
Tins Recovered From the Bay
Off Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Sept. 2.— A chance rap
ture of 112 half-pound tins of opium was
mad*> yesterday by two customs guards
acting under instructions from District
Inspector w. h. Drummond. The opium
had been sunk In the ocean with a block
of wood attache. i to ,-i rope and string
By means of the floating piece of wood
the smugglers hoped to locate their prop
erty, but the guards saw the floal and
hauled up the opium and it is now in the
Gn\ prnni^nt warehouse
The ..plum was left behind by parties
on the <'hina. Who h
Inspector I>rummon,i thinks he knows
who the confederates are. i.ut they landed
no booty, and there |a no evidence sgainst
them that would warrant prosecution.
CHAPLAIN WHO SAYS
HE WOULD FIGHT AGAIN
Roy. James Mnille of the First Ne
braska Regiment. Is an Ardent
Expansionist.
LINCOLN, N.lt.. Sept 10. Chaplain
Jamr? Maille of the First Nebraska Reg
iment, who preached the sermon at the
formal opening of the state ( ; \ v
reunion this evening, tinned the initial
exercises Into a fceneral expansion love
feast. ■ haplaln Maille la a Populist hut
his sentiment waa that there should be
hut onf> opinion on the question of ex
pnnalon. and that tho policy of the ad
ministration in the Philippines is worthy
of undivided support. He declared the
wnr in [Alton a holy one, and said that
rather than see a backward step taken
he would return to the islands and tlnht
Other preachers spoke In the same strain'
and the soldiers applauded the .senti
ments.
Reunion at Visnlin
viSAT.IA. Sept. 10.— Pionters and Mexi
can war veterans of TuUire Count} held
their annual reunion in this city to-day
Forty-five men whose ajrea averaged r?
were in attendance. B. Mitchell delivered
th» welcoming address.
Pears'
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness !
Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
TO REPORT THE
BIG YACHT RACE
Wireless Telegraph on
the Grande Duchesse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The yacht
which sir Thomas Upton has brought to
this country for ilu- capture of the
Americas cup rode *Uy at its ancfa
within the horseshoe yesterday, the crew
Ing a day's rest, while Sir Thomas
put in the most of the day attending to
his correspondence. As an Indication of
thf extraordinary Interest thai is being
taken In the struggle tor the cup every
vessel available for excursion purposes
has been chartered, many of them bav
ins been engaged months ago.
.M"si pretentious ol anj that will carry
enthusiasts to the scene ol the contest is
tho Plant line steamship Grande Duch
eaae, :i superbly fitted vessel, which Is
to be operated by the Marine journal of
this city, In connection with the owners
of the vessel.
From the pilot house of this large ocean
going crafl i!h movements of the Colum
bia and Shamrock In all their races will
be reported for the Herald and The Call
i>> wireless telegraphy, the Marconi sys
tem being jaed.
These reports will be transmitted from
tii. Grande Duchesse to the cable ship
twenty miles or .-" away, and thence sent
throughout 1 1 ** • world without the loss
of a second of time. The mechanical part
of this Invention will be attached t<> the
foremast ol the Grande Duchesse .md the
operator will be so located that all who
desire to witness Its wet-kings may tio
so without the least discomfort.
Ihe Grande Duchesse is practically a
new vessel, having been launched less
than two years ago, and cannot be sur
passed In \h>' matter of stanchness,
equipment and comfort. She is of steel
throughout, has spacious deck room, sa
loons forward and aft, lounging rooms,
smoking rooms, a ladles' observation
room, and more than 150 staterooms with
a telephone In each, and the vessel is
electric lighted throughout.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10. — Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment, has been informed that Slgnor
Marconi will come to Washington to dis
cuss with him the proposed experiments
with wireless telegraphy to be conducted
by the American navy.
Slgnor Marconi will bring with him a
complete wireless telegraphy equipment,
which will be used In the proposed exper
iments. The inventor is expected to arrive
in the course of a few weeks.
As soon as Bignor Marconi and his In
struments are here Admiral Bradford will
recommend to the department that one of
the vessels of the navy be set aside for
experimental work. It is proposed to
place a receiver on the shore, and the
warship will communicate with It at vary
ing distances. By this means it Is believed
the system can be developed and the value
of It definitely determined.
If the experiments are a success it is
not unlikely that the navy will be
equipped with Instruments so that prompt
communication can be had between ves
sels or between vessels and the shore.
WILL SPEAK AT THE
TRUST CONFERENCE
Prominent Men Throughout the
United States Have Signified
Their Acceptance.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Among the accept
ances received at the headquarters of the
Civic Federation to-day to attend and
speak or read papers at the conference on
trusts and combinations to be held in this
. it\ s. Dtember u-\* are:
Senator William Lindsay of Kentucky;
ex-Senator Blair of New Hampshire; Gov
ernor Hazen S. Pingree of Michigan;
Frank W. Taussig, head of the political
economy department of; Harvard Uni
versity; E. E. Rogers, professor of polit
ical economy, of the University of Maine;
Henry White, secretary- of the United
Garment Workers of America. New York;
John B. Clark, professor of political econ
omy. Columbia University; John M. Stahl.
secretary of the Fanners' National Con
gress; Governor' George W. Atkinson of
West Virginia; Hon. T. S. Smith, Attorney
General of Texas; M. L. Lockwood. presi
dent of the American Anti-Trust League;
Professor John Graham Brooks of Har
vard University; Samuel Gompers, presi
dent of the American Federation or La
bor; M. Garland, . ex-president of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron and
Steel workers: Professor H. T. Newcomb
of the United States Agricultural Depart
ment; E. C. Jrvln. president National
Board of Underwriters. Philadelphia: B.
K. Dow, president Commercial Travelers'
National League, New York: Charles Fos
ter, ex-Governor of Ohio; J. R. Weaver,
professor of political science, Depau Uni
versity; Dr. 11. H. Swain of Dillon, Mont.,
whose subject will be "Trusts and a
Stable Currency."
Among others who will read papers are:
William Jennings Bryan. Nebraska; W.
Bourke Cochran, New York; William C.
P. Breekinridge. Kentucky; Governor
William K. Stanley, Kansas; Edward
Rosewater, editor of the Omaha Bee, Ne
braska; Attorney General C. B. Newman,
Montana: ex-Governor Lorenzo c. Rouse,
Nebraska; H. V. Johnson. Mayor of Den
ver; H. W. Seymour, publisher Chronicle,
Chicago; H. Alloway. financial editor New
York Times; ex-Governor D. K. Francis,
Missouri; C. J. Smith. Attorney General,
Nebraska; George F. Stone, secretary
Chicago Board 01 Trade; James Hamilton
Lewi;;. M. C. of the State of Washington.
Many of the Attorneys General and rep
resentative lawyers who will attend the
conference have recommended that the
last day will be devoted to the legal phase
of. the problem, the first days to be de
voted to the economic side.
.
BARK CARONDELET
DISABLED AT SEA
Puts Into Port Townsend With Her
Rigging Very Badly
Damaged.
PORT TOWNSEND. Sept. 10. — The
Identity of the disabled bark reported by
the steamship Warrimoo hns been estab
lished. She Is the Carondelet, Captain
Stetson. She arrived here to-day Dur
ing her voyage from San Francisco her
fore an>l main gallant masts were car
ried away In a storm. v
A race Is on between the barkentlne
Klikitat and the schooner Endeavor from
this port to Honolulu. The race, which is
thf result of a wager between the two
captains, began when the tugs cast the
vessels loose off Capo Flattery: '■■■''.•'■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER H, 1899.
LABORERS GAIN
A BIG POINT
Trouble of Planters in
Hawaii.
FORCED TO RELEASE MEN
GALICIANS WHO HAD VIOLATED
THEIR CONTRACTS.
Having Been Imprisoned, Publ'c
Opinion Grew So Strong That the
Employers Were Forced to
Free Them.
HONOLULU, Sept. 2.-This afternoon
will long l" ;i memorable cue in the an
nuls of Hawaii, not merely because it
curiously happen* to coincide with tlie
tixty-flrsi anniversary of the birth of ex-
Queeh Liliuolcalani, luu because the
pressure of public opinion has won a
grand victory in obtaining the release by
tbe Oafau Bugar Plantation Company of
the thirty-six Qallclan contract laborer*
Imprisoned In Oahu jail for violatinK
their contracts.
Jt will he remembered that in November
of last year 42 out of a hatch of Jim Cali
clans were arrested under the slavery
penal contract labor laws fur deserting
Contract service. They were fined and
Imprisoned until they were willing; to re
turn to that service. They declined to
return to work, preferring to work upon
the roads in the striped suits of me con
vict until, at 1 o'clock to-day, they were
released.
For some time past the cancellation of
the contracts and the release of the men
have been considered by the managers of
the Oahu plantation and the Planters'
Supply Association. Then the more virile,
if savage, attacks -of the Sunday Volcano
Increased popular Indignation, but when
The Call added Its Influence in attacking;
the nefarious system It was soon known
and felt that tne planters would have to
BUCCUmb and establish what Minister of
Interior King, president of the Hoard
of Immigration, deem* a very bad. dan
gerous and far-reaching precedent in the
release of these men.
The Government and Messrs. 11. Hack
feld & Co., agents of the Oahu planta
tion, have for some short time past been
in negotiation .f the term Is noi Inappro
priati for the release, but until last
evening the details could not bo arranged,
as the Government had no power to act
except under the terms of an absolute
request for their release by the parties in
terested In placing them in jail.
The directors of the Oahu plantation
met, and In view of the serious probable
effects upon plantln Interests In general,
Itea the uirectorate of the Ranters*
Association, who advised the action as
esslon to public opinion. The result
was a statement to the Government that
the Oahu Company would have no objec«
tlon to the release of the prisoners if
the Government Bhould see m to take
such a st.",v The Government notified
the plantation thai this communication
did not afford them sufficient basis upon
which to act. This morning Mr. E. Buhr,
managing director for H. Hackfeld &
Co., forwarded a letter containing an
unq lallfled request (or the release of the
men, and Attorney-General Cooper
promptly gave th< necessary Instructions
for their release
The plantation will be the loser of the
sums advanced to the men, amounting
to something over $6000. They are also
willing to give them work, but under con
tract. If the men are willing to work
they can obtain it with several contract
ors in road building, at which they are
now adepts; but If they prefer to loaf
the vagrancy laws will be enforced
against them.
There was a slight demonstration when
the men paraded the streets after their
release, and the supporters of Mr. Sewall
are endeavoring to make political capital
out of It as against the Dole faction.
Monday next, being Labor day. will be
duly observed here for the first time us
a seml-hollday.
EDITOR FRANCIS SAYS
DREYFUS MAY ESCAPE
BOSTON, Sept. 10.— M. Francis, one of
i the editors of the Paris Figaro, was in
Boston when the fact of Dreyfus' con
demnation and Bentence came in. When
asked what the general sentiment in
France was. he said:
"The thinking men all over France.
do matter how much they may have
thought him guilty, expected that on
'■ the grounds Of expediency he would
never he adjudged guilty. They thought
that the fear of a revolution would pre
vent such a finding by the court-mar
tial. I would not be surprised if at this
, minute Paria was in an uproar ami a
revolutionary mob sweeping through
I her streets. There may be one, two or
; throe generals killed. It would not sur
! prise me. Is this the end? It is only
the beginning, it is the end of the
DreyfUl case, as far as that goes. That
is to say, he can never again appeal
it and the Court of Cassation will have
no further jurisdiction over it. Hut it
is the beginning of all sorts of trouble.
; The case will become a matter of re
! ligion and a religious war. The Jew?
will spend their last cent to find out
the truth, and it may land on the gen
erals. The Jews do nut care who their
investigation strikes.
"What docs the sentence of ten years
■ in prison mean?" and he shrugged his
rhoulders. "That means a year. He
will be sent, probably, to a military
prison in Africa, and if he Is not killed
within a year, a way will be opened for
him to get away and safe into another
land."
"Will the Cabinet make any move
in the matter? What will the Cabinet
do if there Is a revolution?"
Sinip'y disappear; go away. We
j change our cabinets as you put on and
| take off a coat."
AFRAID TO SEND THE
EXHIBITS TO PARIS
BUDAPEST, Hungary, 10.— The
following semi-official statement has
been issued: ....
A move is on foot against sending ex
hibits to the Paris exposition in 1900. Many
Intending exhibitors have withdrawn their
notices of participation, on the 'ground
that the present state of things in France
renders it unsafe to send exhibits. Th,o
Cathedral Chaptre of Gran; capital of the
country of the Bane name on the Dan
ube, and the residence of the Catholic
primate of Hungary, have. canceled their
decision to send exhibits, giving as a rea
son its unwillingness. to endanger works
of art worth millions of francs.
PROPOSALS MADE TO
BOYCOTT EXPOSITION
ROME. Sept. 10.— Proposals h;iv<
been made to both Austria and Ttaly
to boycott the Paris Exposition as a
protest against the verdict at Ke-nnes.
Demonstrations In denunciation of
the verdict occurred to-day In sev
eral Italian cities. At Naples the dem
onstrators tried to attack the French
consulate, and the police were com
pelled to intervene.
Dr. Cyrus R. Teed Lectures
Dr. Cyrus K. Teed, of;Koresh .heiiven
fame, delivered a lecture at 102 O'Farrell
street last night on the "Origin ' and
Destiny of the Anglo-Saxon Race." lie
maintained that, by a process of racial
Infiltration, which has been in progress
for hui.'dreds of years, all civilization
would in time trace Its lineage back to
Abraham. At the conclusion of the
lecture be sought to prove his theory
that the earth Is the inner surface of a
hollow globe.
»♦ ■ •
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Takp Lnxatlvo Hromo Quinine Tablotn. All
drufiulsts refund the money It It falls to curt.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 2ic.
FIERCE BATTLE BETWEEN
SEA LION AND PANTHERS
Two Men Witness a Novel and Terrific
Struggle on the Reef at Hog
Island,
□ TOM ALES. Sept. 10 -A battle royal occurred on Hog Island yester- ■
f day between two large Panthers and a gigantic sea lion which the wit
% nesees declare to be the most terrific combat ever seen In their 1 Ueß A t
1 torn and bloody panther skin and a flipper of the sea Hon. " h * ch ™* I
I torn off during the struggle, bear evidence that the tale of the encoun- |
1 " Hog'slS Heated near the mouth. of Tomales Bay. and Its only %
* inhabitant Lewis Johnson, whose vocation is that of Merman and |
I chicken farmer. Yesterday Samuel Short a resident of this place paid *
<•• Johnson a visit with the intention of buying some chickens. The two J
* men were standing watching the antics of a number of sea lions on a *
t reef where their rookery is situated, when they became aware that S
% something unusual was going on. The sea lions began to bellow and |
* all dived into the water except one huge fellow, who stood his ground |
* and appeared to be watching something. In a moment the cau «f "'^ *
% alarm became manifest, when two large panters, which had swum from |
% the mainland, crawled upon the reef and made for the sea lion *
* They pounced upon the big fellow, and a struggle Immediately en- |
% sued that made the two human witnesses of the battle gaze with bated *
i breath. The fight progressed for nearly thirty minutes, during which the |
% edge of the reef was lined with crimson foam by the blood flowing from 2
J the three combatants. Finally one of the panthers succeeded in tearing *
t a flipper off the sea lion, when, with a horse bellow of anger the wounded *
* bull grasped one of the panthers by the. throat and dragged it into the *
% water The sea lion was about to drown the panther, and would have §
* succeeded if he had not become weakened from loss of blood. As he re- *
t leased his adversary Lewis, who had . previously been too fascinated to v
£ move ran to his house for a rifle and returned in time to kill one of the
% panthers as they made another attack upon the sea lion. The other *
* panther sprang into the water and swam for the mainland at the crack |
t of the gun, while the sea lion struggled out toward the ocean to die.
X Where the battle occurred a hole was torn in the soft mud broad *
* and deep enough in which to bury a horse. The flipper of the sea lion *
* and the panther skin are now in the possession of Lewis. The skin Is <&
§ badly torn about the head. Both men assert that twice the sea lion sue- ,|
* ceeded in striking a panther with his tail, knocking it ten feet away. *
*£l ■ __
* ■ „._... a.. ,• .. ,-\ *> -^ it *, w >5^ i/_ ysv it it y>.Jt^i«> it yi-.it y2-.it/*. A/.^C-. »t^viA^.Jtv*>Jt vA.JLA.ii 19
ADMIRAL DEWEY
HOMEWARD BOUND
Cruiser Oiympia Leaves
Gibraltar.
GIBRALTAR, Sept 10.— The United
States cruiser Olympia with Admiral
Dewey aboard sailed this afternoon for
New York.
(ALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.—
Admiral Dewey's <!• parture from Gibral
tar to-day is earlier than officials had ex
pected. Their latest information concern
ing the Olympia's Itinerary indicated that
she would not sail from Gibraltar much
before the middle of the present week,
but It is supposed the time of leaving the
British port lias been expedited In order
that the vessel may certainly arrive at
New York upon the date spt by the re
cepti vi committee and assented to by the
Admiral.
Admiral Dewey will decide for himself
what route he will follow in crossing the
Atlantic. No advices on this point have
been received by the department. It is
believed, however, that tne Olympia will
follow the great circle route, stopping at
the Azores for coal. Officials who know
the Admiral say New York should not
expect him before September 28, the date
b< ; aa thai anon which the Olympia
should arrive tßSre.
It is presumed that the Olympia will
spend a couple of days at the Azores and
loiter on her route, so as to use up the
eighteen daya remaining of the Admiral's
homeward voyage.
Rear Admiral Sampson with the North
Atlantic Squadron will sail from Phila
delphia this week for New York, where
he will e,,mi>l< to the arrangements for
Admiral Dewey's reception.
GENERAL MERCIER
BURNED IN EFFIGY
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— Indign.ftion
over the reconviction of Dreyfus mani
fested Itself to-day in many ways. Gen
eral Mercler was burned in effigy in
Eldridge street; there was a big pro
test meeting of Jews in the Thalia
Theater; many preachers referred' to
the trial in their sermons, and prepar
ations were made for an appeal to
Washington.
In the burning of the effigy there
wan no organized attempt to rouse the
public opinion. Several young men
made the effigy of straw, soaked with
kerosene. A mask with a big mus
tache and a cap completed the fig
ure. The effigy was fastened to two
upright, poles with wire. On the breast
were placards, reading : "General
Mercier," 'French Justice," and "Hon
est Witness."
■' The meeting nt the Thalia Theater
was impressive in its earnestness. The
house was crowded to the doors, al
though admission was charged. Sev
eral times the police had to clear the
lobby after the sale of tickets was
stopped.
Invitations were sent to-day to lead
ing citizens and clerarymen, irrespec
tive of race and. religion, to take part
in a great Dreyfus protest meeting,
which will be held this week in
Cooper 1 Union. : ' * _
NO ABATEMENT IN THE
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR
General Sir Kedyers Buller to Start
From England for Cape Town . .
r Next Saturday.
" LONDON* Sept. 11.— It is understood
that General Sir Redvers Buller will start,
for Gape Town- next Saturday. The In
dian authorities are chartering steamers
to transport troops to South Africa as
rapidly as possible.
Although the aspect of affairs is more
peaceable, the special dispatches from
Johannesburg report the greatest anxiety
there. Fifteen hundred people left town
on Saturday, and it is proposed t.i trans
fer the business of the Stock Exchange
to Cape Town. The Johannesburg Town
Council la appealing to the Government
for power to start relief work to meet the
exceptional distress.
A dispatch from Bloemfontein reports
the distribution of arms, and a tonnider
able* exodus to Cape Colony: According
to the correspondent, the Boers nro
massing on the frontier, and then- Is mo
abatement of, war preparations in the
Transvaal. '_ - ■
Ohio Society to Entertain.
The Ohio Society of California will give
an entertainment in tho Red. Ken's build
ing on to-morrow evening. Tin- fol
lowing programme has i *• ■• 1 1 arranged:
Opening remarks. Benjamin B. Haskell,
president; instrumental polo, Lullaby/
<• I' Chamberlain (English ballad hornr.
vocal 8010 Mis'- A&nes Hankin; American
smiisefnentfi WHUani H. Jordan; duet,
Missea Augustus and Dorita l-aclirniiii;
piano duet, J. P. Keown. Miss C. Belle
Ensign; vocal polo. Miss Agnes Rankin;
"The Big Buckeye," R^v. F. S. Brush;
piano solo. Miss Augustita Lachman; se
lections, Georgte Drum. Following are the
officers of the society; Benjamin B. Ilns
keii. president; Henry L. Tlokner. James
Malcom Qleaves, William H. Jordan, vice
presidents; l.ouis I. McCarty. secretary;
Norman U. Arter. financial pecre
taryj H. A. Mdings. treasurer; J.
W. Richards, (J. A. Scheer. Milton E. Ba
ker. K. J. Ki^ign. John A. Whiteside. ex
ecutive committee; Joseph A. Silverman,
Th. O.M.D. i.halrman). Edward L. Bald
win. H. H. Colby, entertainment commit
tee.
A MILLION FROM
THE KLONDIKE
Large Consignment of
Gold to Seattle.
Bpeclal Dispatch to Thp Call.
SEATTLE. Sept. 10.— A consignment of
$1,000,000 worth of Klondike gold for the
United States assay office here arrived
to-night on the steamer Cleveland from
St. Michael. The consignment comes
from the Canadian Bank of Commerce,
Siiim.onn. and the Bank of British North
America. $400,000.
The Cleveland had 100 passengers from
Dawson and Cape Nome.
LAST HONORS TO
PRIVATE DUNMORE
The funeral of Private John V. Dun
morc, Company B, First California Vol
unteers, who died at the hospital in Ca
vite on AuKust 14, IS9B, from wounds re
celved the day previous In the attack and
capture of Manila by the American forces,
was held yesterday from the Undertaking
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
In deference to the wishes of his mother
the funeral was private, the services be
ins: conducted by Rev. Peter . P. Brady.
pastor of St. John's parish. A largo dele
gation from Company B was present,
however, and six of the dead man's for
mer comrades acted as pallbearers. They
were P. D. McCarthy. Alfred K. H. Ap
thorpe, Sidney 1,. Helliwell. George Lar
ney, Patrick K. En Ron and Thomas C.
Healion, all of Company B. The inter
ment was in Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Private Dunmore was but 28 years old at
the time of his death and was detailed as
a color guard. He was shot through the
head by the treacherous Spaniards, just
outside the walls of old Manila, even
while the flap of truce was floating in the
breeze from the parapet. He was borne
to the rear by his comrades and every
thing possible done for him, but he died
the following day without having recov
ered consciousness.
Private John Hlnke of Company II and
Al Hammerson of Company B were killed
by the same treacherous volley that laid
poor Dunmore low.
TO BE BURIED IN THE
NATIONAL CEMETERY
The funerals of Captain Riehter and
Sergeant M. Justh of the First California
Regiment, two of the victims of the war,
will be held to-day. The bodies of the
two Boldiers are at the undertaking es
tablishment of Hnlstcd & Co.. and there
the iii si part of the ceremonies will be
held. A tiring srjund from Company A
of the Thirteenth Minnesota Regiment
will acompany the body of Justh. and
Company I of the same regiment will be
the tiring party and armed escort for the
body of Captain Richtcr. Company 1 of
the First California Regiment. Richter' s
old command. Will follow in the escort,
but ns the First Regiment has given up
its arms it cannot furnish either an arm
ed escort nor firing parties.
There will be twelve sergeants detailed
as pallbearers, six to each casket, and six
captains from the Firsl Regiment will be
the honorary pallbearers for Captain
Richter.
The interment will be In the National
Cemetery at the Rresidio.
ON AN IMPORTANT MISSION.
R. M. Damon. Minister of Finance In
the Hawaiian Cabinet, vafl among the
passengers on the Rio from Honolulu
yesterday. Information comes from the
islands that Mr. Damon is going to Italy
on a mission of great importance to the
prosperity of the Islands and one in
WhlCh the planters and other large prop
erty owners are especially Interested.
His object is to secure, if possible, a re
vision or modification of thei order re
cently made by the Ttalian Government
in relation to the emigration of the
peasantry of Northern Italy to the
Islands under labor contracts with trie
planters Mr Damon, when questioned
regarding the' foregoing, asserted that he
is not on his way to Italy and that he is
not taking an active interest in the immi
gration problem. •
Alatau T. Atkinson, special agent of
the Pension Bureau, also came up on the
Klo He is golnp to Washington to con
sult with Ex-Governor Merriam of Min
nesota, director of the twelfth census, in
rekara to the needs and methods of the
census in the islands. Mr. Damon and
Mr. Atkinson are both registered at the
Occidental.
Stabbed With a Pocket Knife.
Fred Roscher was stabbed last night
with a penknife at 312 Howard street by
John Cunnlnghnm. who resides on Minna
street, near Second. Both are boys and
vere in Play at the time the affair hap
pened. The"injured boy was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where his in
juries were treated by I>rs. McLaren ana
Robinson. At lir-U it was believed that
the cut was serious, hut it was found that
the knife ha/1 penetrated the back only a
sllKht distance. Roscher was removed to
his home and was resting easily last
night.
Farren Kicked His Wife.
James Farren, a laundryman residing
at 141 Erie street, was arrested last night
and charged at the Seventeenth station
with assault on his wife. He is charged
with having kicked her in the abdomen
causing internal hemorrhage. The woman
was brought to the Receiving Hospital h
a precarious condition. She is 2S years of
age and the mother or five children
Farren will not be released until the ex
tent of his wife's injuries Is known,
REPUBLICS FEAR
ANNEXATION
South America Greatly
Perturbed.
MEXICO ALSO ALARMED
« .
DISTRUSTFUL OF THE PROG
RESS OF AMERICA.
Newspapers of the Southern Coun
tries Warn the People Against
Absorption by the United
States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEXICO CITY, Sept. 10.— Private ad
vices received from Brazil show that the
Government* here has been greatly In
fluenced by the accounts regarding the
alleged secret understanding between the
Holiviun and the United States Govern
ments by which the latter power was to
take over the territory on the upper
Amazon claimed by Bolivia, a region rich
in rubber. It is alleged In Rio de Janeiro
that American naval officers have recon
noitered and roughly surveyed the re
gion and sent their secret reports to
Washington. It is first charged that Mr.
Bryan, United States Minister to Brazil,
was a party to the agreement with Bo
livia, but it is now said that the Bolivian
secret agent, named Uthoff, made the
agreement with the United States Consul
at Para. There is some doubt about this,
but such is the belief of the Brazilian
newspapers and people, and the Argen
tine press has begun, instigated by Euro
pean residents, to set up the cry that the
colossus of the north is moving south
ward and intends to control and ulti
mately annex all South America, and so
diligent has been the propaganda of this
story that the newspapers in Mexico of
the clerical stripe have taken it up edi
torially, predicting the absorption of all
this hemisphere by the greedy and land
hungry Americans, who are acquiring j
lands in Brazil and Peru, and who will
BOon be able to afford the Washington j
Government a pretext for attempting to i
overthrow the South American Govern
ments.
The Buenos Ayres Standard, controlled !
l# British subjects, asserts that Presi
dent Roea's visit to Brazil was to consult
with the President of that country with ;
a view to, mutual defense against the j
Yankees. There is no doubt that the
Spanish and European Governments gen
erally have given their organs in Latin-
America the hint to publish articles de
signed to embitter South and Central
America against the United States and j
Its people and break up the growing senti- \
ment in favor of Pan-Americanism, which !
l.s greatly dreaded by European commer- j
cial interests so strongly intrenched In
South America, where American inter- j
ests have few newspaper champions and j
defenders. It is shrewdly calculated that
by persistent newspaper attacks on the j
United States that the Americans can be
got into high disfavor, and that con
cessions will be refused them.
The journey of William McElroy Cur
tis, formerly of the Bureau of American |
Republics, to Peru and Bolivia is report
ed to be in the nature of a secret mission
for his Government. There is a profound- j
ly suspicious sentiment developing In
Latin-American circles regarding the de- I
signs of the United States, whose power j
is dreaded and whose administration is i
accused of cherishing imperialistic pro
jects on this continent. Ihe remarkable j
unanimity of the Mexican clerical sheets i
and the "South American journals of all
Classes in dealing with this matter makes ;
it clear that it is a prearranged cam- j
paign with a' view to exciting ill-will
against the Americans of the great repub- j
lie of North America.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To 'aer-THE s %
'■' r ■'#"•■, : :
i% NAME.V-
Gl]irdrdelii
3Ocfe a pouna
INVESTMENT OIL GO.,
Adjoining- the famous section 20. Coalinga Dis-
trict, T'- v "re big wells now producing about 4000
bbls dally; limited amount stock will be start-
ed; $3 share for developing purposes; parties
buying now will reap all advances:. For pros-
pectus write or phone JOE D. BIDDLE, Gen-
eral Agent. 20 Montgomery 54.. Burk's ticket
office, phone Black 3304: al»o A. HALEY, sec-
retary, office Ran Francisco Savings Union,
fifth floor, phone Main 757.
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q) i::iJii.EKT:T.tcvC'.is7ti.G.r.ci:, A
T t^r The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \'
I ' e*^3rSe?± w "»ld. \Veaknes«s or any contracted m
KS 2&& disease pe>ilivrljrmredhy the oldest W
m) JGSja| ipetialiitcn the Coast list. 36 year?. 0
A izMZ.h DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ I^cß^B < -'' < ullati ° free ant! strictly prWate \
Q X YSwH Trtitment rf""n»"y rr by letter. A d
Afi ll lift W,, tc Cure in every case undertaken. . i
BIT I HIP w ritefr>r Bnok.PRILONUrBYcr^
» J! I «*n«l*Gli, MAILED FREE. (AT
X (I y, valuable book for mm) V
f OK. JUKI* AX A «■«>.. 10.M Market St.. S. F. f
MPRXAIT S\ mt9rtt viTAu-ri
1 yjS.. vB ■. /f^ LOST VIGOR,
j&Sj&jh "* ■• AND MANHOOD
t&ST'* I Cures Impotcncv Night Emission: and wasting
MU3fl discuses, all effects of tclf-abust, or ezcc» «o?
.V« ; *S\ tndiicretioa A nenre'tonic and Mood-builder,
IV W Bring* the pink glow to («]« ti«i» and re*
tt. fc>«^ry stores the tire of vcuth. By moil 600 per
Wftjj^SJL bet, 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
sih3>3\ guarantee to cure or refund the money.
»«r»»a mcdlta, Cc, CHnten a Jackton $t«. Cljlca?}.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists, 8 Market, 6.F.
Dad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfe t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure or all disorders a! th? Stomach,
Liver, Bowel*, Kidneys, Hlad.ler. Female Ir-,
regularities, Kick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Plies and all derangements of th«
Internal Vlecera. »c a box. At Prurgift*.
1 or by mall. RAD WAT & CO.. New Tork.
.■■-■■■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOING UP!
$5 Per Share I
OUR
OIL
STOCK
THE TALK OF THE TOWN
FROM $3 TO $5 SINGE I
AUGUST I. |
A record heretofore unprecedented B
in the annals of industrial stocks. El
We are sure to reach par value, Eg
$lo per share, by January, and h
when we strike oil, which may be Eg
almost any day after October I, H
this stock will jump into the hun- II
dreds. H
ONLY A DAY OR TWO MORE,
All applications received now "l
will be filled at $4.50 per share. I
Price goes to $5.00 when the pres-
ent 1000 shares are taken up.
Prospectus free, giving |
"INSIDE INFORMATION." 1
Union Consolidated Oil and Trans- 1
portation Co., ;
322-323 Parrott Bldg., San Francisco. |
Oakland Office, 460 Tenth st. §
Open from Ba.m.to 8 p. m. daily. 1
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS9S, and for th»
year ending: on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 613
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash '
ASSETS. i
Real Estate owned by Company....,
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $627,082 SO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral '
Cash in company's office « 2,237 29
Cash in banks 61,737 83
Certificates of deposits in hands of
United States Trustees 16,432 70 ,
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and stocks 10.007 98
Premiums in due course of collection.. 74,013 43
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total assets $751.5«1 73
LIABILITIES. ■
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...$ 1.82S 58
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 50.421 03
Losses resisted. Including expenses — 6.512 50
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less. $377,919 99; rein-
surance 50 per cent 155.960 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
. more than one year, $212,339 43; re-
insurance pro rata 125,271 4t»
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ '.
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on.. Marine Time
Risks, $ ' ; reinsurance 50
per cent
Total liabilities ....$372.293 54
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for "re
premiums .....$049,..Z Oil
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums ■•
Received for Interest on Bonds ana
Mortgages ..'.....
Received for interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all *
other sources • ♦}'*« i-
Received from all other sources 21.305 4.. .
Total income ......$590.29571
' EXPENDITURES.
DrSd^^stoc-khoider*::::::::::::
XS I> S?V«»«« for commission ot^^^
brokerage salaries.' « l CeM " " and r 'other
charges for °f"cer 8 . clerks, .etc. .... 31,453 15
Pa!d for Sta.e. national and local *
AX other payments and expenditures. . <MB9 88
Total expenditures..... .sjtO.9o2_oB
' LOMM incurred during the year. f1r«..529.523_40
Risks an! Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of risks | /
, tlll ... llUrlnr .. t th". h " $65,608.66* $71».04577
I Net amount of risks
"^r 1 <lllrin *.. the 64.240,511 720.454 79
nt S l."ls 9 S°. r . C . e 80.716.12 a I 590.259 42
ADOLFII LOEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to befort mi th.i 26tti
day of Agkg^^QJg puouc.
MARK A. TOOTS. Nnaiy Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. , CIL.
i Y. CARDS DRIFFIELD, Maiager
H. DANKER, Assent Manager.OTIS' NEW CAMPAIGN
AGAINST FILIPINOS
Active Operations in the Field Will
Be Under the Supervision of
Law ton and Mac Arthur.
•ALL HEADQTARTERS, _WELr-
IN'OTON" HOTEL. WASHINGTON.
Sept. 10. — Considerable progress has
been made by Major General Otis upon
the plan of campaign he will inaugu
rate immediately upon the beginning of
the dry season.
To prevent similar preparations be
ing made by the insurgents, and per
haps as a forerunner to comprehensive
operations to occur when climatic con
ditions permit, an offensive movement
by the commands of Major Generals
V.a<-Arthur and Lawtnn will begin at
It hnd been expected that this
movement ' ould have begun last week,
but evidently either preparations have
not been completed or the elements
have prevented, for up to this time bo
far as the department has been ad
vised, nothing has been done. Officials
are In hourly expectation, however, of
-s showing that the columns un
der command of the officers named
b«grai a new campaign against
Aguinaldo's I roops.
General Otis proposes to divide the
army of 64,649 combatants, and moun
- and dynamite guns,
.vhich he will have in December, into
two divisions commanded by Generals
\rthur and Lawton respectively.
■ ill operate to the north
. I Manila v d the other to th» west and
south. Kaon division will operate in
two military provinces to be defined by
ral Otis, but there will be effec
prompt co-operation when it Is
It is expected that each
nander will have six brigades un
i.d command, the remainder of the
• s being employed to garrison
Manila and .>th»T seaport towns
igh which the insurgents are re
tit: supplies. General Lawton will
be required to make quick movements.
and it Is proposed to place the cavalry
1 is command.
The navy and marine corps will also
SUGAR BEET MAY BE
GROWN IN MARIN COUNTY
Successful Experiments Made by
Farmers in the Vicinity of
Tomales.
TOMALES. Sept. 10.— The success the
i farmers of this section "i" Marin County
have met with in the experimental cul
ture of sugar beets has been so pro
nounced that many have concluded to
cultivate the beets on a large scale, and
it is prophesied that within a short
period Marin County will number sugar
beets among Its most valuable products.
There are at least 10,000 acre? of land
along the line of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad especially adapted to sugar beet
culture, which to-day would bring hardly
fc'ij an acre as an investment, but if plant
ed in sugar eta would bring forth that
sum in rental. : **-:'' i*
J^ast week K. Y. Kaaf. outside superin
tendent of the California and Hawaiian
Sugar Refining Company, paid this place a
visit for the purpose of inspecting the
b<>et fields He visited the ranches of
Messrs. Partori. irbank. Bailey, Bas
s.-tt Hubbell; Wood worth and Nolan, and
pronounced the beets growing thereon in-
U nor to none he had ien in the course
of his lor.g experience in beet culture. In
his opinion the tonnage of the Melds he
Inspected would be about 22V4 to the acre.
He stated that the land at Point Reyes,
Millerton and Marshalla would grow beets
high in purity and rich in sugar. This
opinion irom an expert has made the
farmers Jubilant, and J. W. Keys, the
nio?t ardent advocate of the industry,
wl>o induced the farmers to make the ex
jio!im<-nt and himself Bet the example, is
i being congratulated on all sides.
In order to show the growers the best
way of cultivating the beets the company
represented by Mr. Raaf has decided to
rent three hundred acres of land near
this town and plant thorn in beets. Next
year it Is expected that fully a thousand
acres will be' under cultivation.
The narrow gauge railway officials
have done everything in their power to
foster the growing Industry and will give
a rate of ", ■ nts per ton to San Quentin,
with a probability of a reduction as the
t-nfflo Increases. From San Quentin the
beets! will be shipped to the factory at
Crockett on Largos. It is expected that
about ten carloads ■...•ill be shipped during
the present month.
The presideni of the beet company has
Informed Attorney Keys that if the farm
ers will guarantee to plant 8000 acres in
beets a factory will be erected here. This
amount of land can be easily procured
throughout the Valley Ford, Bloomfleld
and Two Rock valleys. ?
M'DONALD 'S FINANCES
ARE IN GOOD SHAPE
VICTORIA, Sept. 10.— According to Di^k
Lowe of Dawson, who. accompanied by
Mr <"*hißholm, Alec McDonald's brother
ln-iaw arrived here last night, big Alec
■aid's assignment was a mere bank
ing formality. McEtonald gave an assign
ment to the Bank of British North
America to protect an overdraft until th*
I y^N/ ><nu m*% fill, 7 V III* At* !
: l^itfM ludniy Tigon
♦ \Vftwii V-^W^L V— -S^^ifflf Thousands of middle-aged and old
& vW f**^7i^^^^~^tf/}PJM/3r men are suffering from want of
i W i-yj/'t ' / JdaV/L? strength and manly vigor, induced from
W'V ' y^^- S ,-''JB(mj%P'^ a variety of causes, such as fast living,
\Jii' r y >^$rilr early excesses and Indiscretions, over-
♦ Y\ ' '' ' yw''\\ff work, mental anxiety, brain fag, etc.,,
<$> \ I x v ' y >^/yr^>tv who might instantly regain full pos-
♦ V \,K> • -*»« /^^^, 7 / session of mental and physical powers
tl«ife DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
: ■ IPBPf ELECTRIC BELT.
I */^ \ Wonderful cures are roportefl daily
I / \ \Wrlfi \ and grateful friends send the. most in-
<f » \\ \\lf/ I \ tercsting accounts of how. under this
♦ \. lA Mu'fi 1 splendid system of self-treatment, their
\\\ \\\\'l ' I eyes begin to sparkle, their blood to
y\ ' \\ \il\ I bound through their veins and their
♦ II ! I * muscular and nervous systems regain
V all the elasticity of early youth.
t \ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW METHOD
?• fee BTWtem of adapting Electricity to special diseases. My famous Body
I Sin the world, is applied while the patient sleeps, and its soothing,
y • .j- Mthout any expense after first cost.
It \ ARE YOU SUFFERING?
■i> It so come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. I^et me show
I voA% S?Sle"fet B p^w^rful. my method is Let me show you the evidence
T of tte thousands cured and explain to you how simply it is done.
* tRBB BOOK.. Call or Send/or Book-FREE.
'f _. \ -.- . -mm- T 11* 702 Market St.. Mr. E«»ray, B. F.;
♦ Dr.\M. A. Mclaughlin, Bar*lok Bl.ck. oor. Spriij %mi Second
I Ul • 111. A. IflL»JuaUgHllll) 8U l«i Angles
be doing effective work. It Is under
stood to be the intention of the admin
tration to enforce a strict blockade of
Filipino ports. This action has been
considered upon th<? recommendation
of Rear Admiral Watson, who has
called attention to the amount of sup
plies which the Insurgents have been
receiving. No instructions have as yet
been sent to him to enforce a block
ade but his vessels are stationed at
various purls for the purpose of pre
venting any military supplies from
reaching Ag-uinaUio. The blockade
! which will be enforced will be munici
! pal in character, so as to prevent any
! foreign nation seizing upon the block
| ade if it were formally declared, as a
: protest for the recognition of the Fili-
I pinos as belligerents.
General Haywood, commandant or
the Marine Corps, said to-day that he
expects there will be more than TOO
men under Colonel Pope's command
within the next few months. There
have been consultations between Rear
Admiral Watson and General Otis re
specting operations to be conducted by
the marines, and it is understood that
they will bo given the province of
Cavite in which to operate. Cavite Is
the hotbed of the insurrection, and the
work of the marines will have to be
supplemented by the army, but the use
\>i ('"lonel Pope's command will enable
the concentration of practically the en
tire military force in subjugating
Aguinaldo.
It is apparent from the plan of cam
paign prepared by General Otis that
his duty will be more of a supervisory
j and supplying character than anything
: else. He will remain in Manila, send
ing supplies and troops to the front and
keeping the two divisions in the best
possible condition, but the military op
i erations themselves will be directed by
■ the division commanders. Of course
General Otis will be charged with the
responsibility, but it is evident that the
administration is quite satisfied to trust
the conduct of field operations to Gen
eralß Mac Arthur and Lawton.
clean-up, when he will have a large bal
ance to his credit.
Lowe says Mcl'onald himself will come
out shortly to consummate a big min
ing deal for which he is now arranging
the preliminaries. Mr. Chisholm came
(»a to escort his sister, Mrs. Alec Mc-
Donald, back to Dawson from Vancouver.
ENTIRE TRAIN GOES
THROUGH A BRIDGE
COLUMBIA, S. C. Sept. Two
hundred feet of trestle on the Columbia,
Newbery and Laurens Railroad over
Broad River, near this city, gave way
under a trainload of granite. Several cars
and an engine fell rtfty feet into the
water. The following were killed:
ENGINEER DlCx^ YVEATHERBY.
FIREMAN SILAS RENNICK.
STEWART MARTIN, a negro.
Unidentified man with head severed from
body. •'"•;-
William Bates, an extra fireman, went
down with the wreck, but was v dug out
from under tons of granite without a
scratch.
GREAT ASSEMBLAGE OF
VESSELS OF ALLL KINDS
BAULT STE. MARIE, Mich.. Sept. 10.-
Th>/ embargo on Lake Superior naviga
tion by the sinking of the steamer Doug
las Houghton in the Soo Passage last
Tuesday was lifted this afternoon. The
largest fleet ever accumulated on the
lakes, if not in America, began to move
soon after and one vast naval procession
headed down the lakes, while another
started on its way to Lake Superior. In
the two there were over 200 of the largest
craft under the American Hag, save the
few ocean liners.
DEATH OF A PIONEER
AT WATSONVILLE
WATSOXVILLE. Sept. 10.— Lucius San
born, a pioneer of Watsonville, died here
this morning at 10 o'clock. He was one
of the hf-Kt known citizens in this part
of thf State, coming to Watsonville in
Ifcs2 arid engaging in blacksmithingr. He
afterward formed a partnership with
Charleß Ford in the mercantile business.
At the time of his deatb he v.as one of
the firm of Vanderhurst, Sanborn & Co,
of Salinas.
Mr. Sanborn was born in Maine seventy
five years ago and came to California in
184 Si. He leaves a widow, one son and a
daughter, who is the wife of General
Backus.
Suicide at Sacramento.
SAfRAMENTO. Sept. 10.- Kupene C.
Rrown committed suicide this afternoon
during the absence of his wife- and daugh
ter by shooting himself in the temple.
Four days ago hrown, whn had been em
ployed in the shop at the railroad works,
drew his wages and o.uit. Bince then he
had been drinking heavily and the sup
position is that he was either unnerved
by drinking or was seized with v sudden
fit of remorse.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
NATIVES SPEND A QUIET
SUNDAY AT SANTA CRUZ
A Baseball Game in Which the Home Team Was Badly Beaten
the Chief Feature of Amusement for
the Day.
SOME SCENES AT SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 10.— The Na- I
tives have spent to-day in leav
ing town and looking forward to
to-morrow. Forty carloads of J
them have pulled out since mid- :
night last night, and more will leave j
before morning. San Jose, Oakland j
and Alameda were the deserters. San !
Francisco is still numerously here and
will stay until after the clambake and
water carnival to-morrow.
The guests were left largely to their !
own devices to-day, as the citizens |
have been resting from yesterday and i
making ready for to-morrow. The sole j
amusement offered by the city was a
ball game and a concert on the beach, j
Fully 5000 people divided themselves
between the two attractions. The
beach was crowded from early morn
ing, and the city band, stationed on
the veranda of the Neptune bath
house, ground out music and held the
audience throughout the day. On the
other side of the track Santa Cruz
wont up against Cal Ewing's Oakland
dudes in a baseball game, and Santa
Cruz is sorry it spoke.
The Athens crowd took everything
QUEEN OF THE SANTA CRUZ WATER CARNIVAL AND HER
MAIDS OF HONOR.
save the grounds. For once the rooters
were on the visitors' end of it. Oak
land turned out fully a thousand of
them, and their vociferous rooting, to
gether with a score of 19 to 3, did not
put the locals in a happy frame of
mind. The townspeople took their
drubbing good-naturedly, though, and
to-night the local team is out showing
the Dudes that the knowledge of base
ball they may lack is more than made
up in their proficiency in the art of for
getting a defeat.
The Daughters entertained all day.
From early in the morning until the
last train left the different parlors kept
dropping in to either say good-by or
announcing their intention of staying
over for the fetes to-morrow.
Ralph Miller, who la acting as clam
bake editor, was busy all day playing
the hose on the 50,000 his Japanese
divers gathered for him at Monterey
two days ago. To-morrow after the
fire has gone out these bivalves will be
as fresh and palatable as anything an
able-bodied native ever went up
against.
Precita Parlor of San Francisco got
at them to-day. The entire dele
gation was led. and the results will
have to be looked for at the other end
of the line, as the parlor's representa
tives took the train home as soon as
they had finished the feed.
The big: dam, which is just now work
ing overtime in making a big and beau
tiful lake of the San Ixtrenzo River,
broke down a night or so ago, and the
committee that has charge of the car
nival arrangements has been com
placently dumping several hundred dol
lars more into it in order that there
may be enough water to float the gor
geous barges that are being made
ready for to-morrow night's carnival.
There is now no possible chance of an
other disaster of that sort. The dam
has been mended so that it will stand
until the strain of the winter freshet
comes, and there is nearly enough
water in the lagunita to float the
lowa.
That particular stretch of the San
Lorenzo Resembles Market street on the
night of the illumination. Incandes
cent lights of every hue are strung
across it and hung in graceful festoons
along the banks. The barge which has
been prepared for Miss May Baldwin,
the Queen, and her maids of honor, is
an electrical marvel. Nearly a hun
dred boats have been decorated and
made ready for tl.e big water pageant,
and hundreds of dollars' worth of fire
works are ready to be touched off.
Reduced the Fine.
HONOLULU. Sept. 2.— J. H. West, the
man accused of tearing down a German
flag from the Orpheum Hotel, or of in
citing others to do so. on the Fourth of
July, was before Judge Stanley yester
day for mitigation of sentence. He was
lined $100 in trie Police Court. Judge Stan
ley thought $10 was about as much as the
"lark" was worth. Defendant paid the
amount and brought the matter to an
end.
Actor's Sudden Death.
KESWICK, Sept. 10.— Charles Thomp
son, an actor. 22 years old, dropped dead
this morning In the Monte Carlo Theater
building. Death whs caused by heart dis
ease. Thompson's home was in San Fran
cisco.
THREE MASKED MEN HOLD
UP AN EXPRESS TRAIN
Robbers Blow Open the Safe at an
Arizona Station and Take to
the Hills With Their Booty.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. 10. — The
Southern Pacific west-bound express
was held up at 12 o'clock last night
as the train stopped at Cochise, a small
station eleven miles west of Willcox.
There were three masked robbers in
the gang. Deputy United States Mar
shal J. P. Welles was a passenger on
the train, and he at o*nce telegraphed
to "Willcox and organized a posse,
which is now in pursuit of the rob
bers.
Mr. George Brown arrived in Phoe
nix this morning and told the story
of the hold-up. He said that it was
the cleanest robbery ever known by
the railroad men. As the train stopped
at Cochise, Messenger Adair, who was
the same messenger held up on the
Southern Pacific a few months ago
when he shot one of the robbers,
opened the door of the express car,
when one of the robbers shoved a six
shooter into his face and demanded
him to come out of the car. Another
robber held up the engineer and fire
man, and a third man took care of the
conductor of the train. It was all
done so quietly that the passengers
did not know what occasioned the de
lay at the station. The express car
was cut from the balance of the train
and the engineer was ordered to pull
the car down the track a mile and a
half. There the robbers placed two
sticks of dynamite upon the safe and
touched them off. The explosion burst
the safe to pieces and tore a hole in
the expreses car. After the bandits
had gathered up the money sacks they
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
JAMES BIDDLE EUSTIS
Services Will Be Held in Newport and
the Body Will Be Shipped to
Louisville.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Sept. 10.— The funeral
of James B. Eustis, former United States
Embassador to France, will take place
Monday evening from the home of the
deceased In Eustis avenue. A short
Episcopal service will be conducted by
Rev. Henry Morgan Stone, rector of the
Trinity Church, and then the body will
be taken by boat to New York and thence
to Louisville. Ky.. where it will be buried
beside the remains of Mrs. Eustis. The
body will be accompanied by James B.
Eustis Jr., a son, and William Eustis,
a nephew. Brief committal services will
be held at Louisville.
There were many callers at the Eustis
cottage to-day offering condolence and
leaving flor.il tributes.
Mr. Eustis' review of the Dreyfus case,
with which he had been occupied during
the summer, had been so far completed
that it needed only the concluding chap
ter, and that chapter would have been
finished in the reconviction of Dreyfus
Saturday. Mr. Eustis did not live to
write it.
If you wear "Yeargood"
c jjgl|L 5> clothes you will have the
ggFcpr' satisfaction of knowing that
J^_Jf your clothes are the latest
-*?*s£S^ make, that they are neat in
J^^^^M pattern and true in fit ; that
lillwii they are carefully made by
■MlllMf men who know how, * that
HMH they are correctly priced (your
li ;'liiEH'lPi moneys worth is all there),
' |U| |1 that you are protected fora,
i l^ year a^ ter our p urcnase
'I *• against anything that might
%|jj s^L^ cause dissatisfaction.
(& R JMSB Such a feeling of comfort-
J^|:-'* 3 able assurance will cost you
111 fill no more than if you were
111 fill buying uncertain clothing.
ill -111 y ou aye tne ' east * n "
lH liik clination to know about our
JI jj 13$^ "Yeargood" clothing we
iff would be pleased to show
j "1^ you what it is.
Consider our liberal guarantee :
Money returned if you want it; or
clothes kept in repair free for one year.
j Reefer Top Coats for Boys.
Ages 3 to 8 ; material, frieze and nig-
gerhead ; values, $4, $% and $6.^0; selling
price .for a short time,
$3.85.
With every purchase of 1.00 or more we
give free an Bxlo photograph of the returning
California Volunteers marching up Market
street. •:
(H) s;N.wo.QDilaifi) v :
\^X 7IBMARKET.ST. N^lO^ ■?  ;
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. .'-:
j told the engineer that he had better
j stay where hi was for at least twenty
i minutes, and the engineer says he saw
one of the robbers carry a sack of
money to his horse, and It is thought
( that a large sum was secured.
The robbers had horses waiting for
j them, and they rode off toward the
i Chirichaua Mountains, where Black
i Jack made his hiding place for many
j years. The posse got the trail of the
I robbers, and Deputy Marshal "Welles
!is familiar with the trails and the
| mountain country in Southern Arizona.
i The local agent of the Wells-Fargo
I Company does not know what sum the
robbers secured, but it Is believed to
be at least $10,000. The passengers
were not disturbed at all. They hardly
knew what was going on. The train
j was delayed but little over an hour.
After the robbers disappeared the en
i glneer ran back to the station, and the
' train at once pulled out west. The rob
i bers went about their work with per
! feet calm, and the engineer says that
he sat upon the track and chatted
; with one of the robbers as the other
i man was blowing up the safe in the
i express car. The robbers left several
sacks of silver, taking only the gold
and greenbacks.
Cochise is located on the plains be
j tween mountain ranges, and is the
j station where supplies for the Pierce
mine are left by the railroad. Several
hold-ups have occurred there before,
but the one last night was one of the
most successful ever known in the
Southwest.
YELLOW FEVER IS
SPREADING IN FLORIDA
One New Case Is Also Reported in
Mississippi and a Strict Quar
antine Is in Force.
KEY WEST, Sept. 10.— Twenty-three
new cases of yellow fever and two deaths
have been reported in the past twenty
four hours. The situation is very gloomy,
and large numbers of people are being
sent to the detention camp at Dry Tor
tugas.
JACKSON, Miss., Sept. 10.— One case of
yellow fever in JacKson was officially re
ported to the State Board of Health this
afternoon. The patient is D. P. Porter,
City Clerk. Dr. Murray of the Marine
Hospital Service, says that the case is
of a very malignant type. The patient is
not expected to live during the night. It
is expected many more Mississippi towns
will quarantine against Jackson during
the night.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— The Marine
Hospital Service here has an official dis
patch from Key West giving the total of
yellow fever cases reported up to date as
155, with ten deaths. The detention camp
at Dry Tortugas is now in operation, and
refugees are being received and cared for
there.
34
M0N DAY....... ■..:•:. SEPTEMBER 11, 1899
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor. !
Address All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
LBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
I DTTORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
-AII.Y CALL (Inohullncf Sunday Call), one year $0.00
JiAILY CALL, (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Plnsle Month ' *>•"><•
EfNDAY CALL One Year XJiO
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 - (M)
All postmaster* are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAiND OFFICE 903 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Ma'rquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKEN6 JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS* STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.:'.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria tel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE... Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
I
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;. 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
--o'clo- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh ;
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS,
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tlvolt— "Lohengrin."
Alcazar — "The Wages of Sin."
Grand Opera-house — "Fatinltza."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' ravllion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Ballad Concert, Tuesday evening, Sep-
tember 12. - ...
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This day, at 2:30 o'clock. Persian
»nd Turkish Rurf, at 117 Suiter street.
By Easton. EMrldse <fc Tuesday, September 12. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at C3B Market street.
THE COMMERCIAL SITUATION
SIGNS of the great prosperity now enjoyed by
the United State? continue to multiply. One
the latest is the bulletin of the New York
Bureau of Labor Statistics, which makes the best
showing of any document over issued by that depart
ment. It shows that the percentage of labor unem
ployed in that State is less than i per cent, and in
some trades none at all is reported. When the vast
tion of New York i- considered this is cer
tainly a wonderful exhibit.
There is a wide difference in prosperity based on
tion and that based »n a genuine demand for
manufacture.! products, and the litter condition is the
one prevailing to-day. As previously mentioned, the
purchasing demand of the country was never as active
as now. Nor is this demand for goods confined to
the Unit< d States. The export trade of the country
continue- extremely heavy, and our manufacturers
tending their trade in directions little dreamed
of a few year- ago. At that time nobody thought
that England and Germany would enter our markets
for locomotives and bridges, but they have, and are
so well satisfied with their initial purchases that they
have sent other orders. A> for our exports from
Ist, they were never livelier than to-day. It is
not a question of selling the goods to foreign coun
tries hut of finding vessels in which to send them
away. Every day large shipments to the Orient and
Pacific islands are declined by the different compa
nies and individual vessels for want of room to ac
commodate them.
The leading mercantile and financial authorities of
the East see nothing in sight to cause distrust, bat
all seem to take a rosy view of the situation. Some
of them are looking tor increased dividends on their
railway shares owing to the larger earnings of the
companies, though most of them have learned not
to count their chickens before they are hatched, es
pecially in Wall street. Meanwhile the great staples
of ih<' country continue to show an active and firm
■ ■ cry few days prices go up, one of the la
being in paper. As for metals, the advance
in pigiron, copper and tin since the current wave of
prosperity struck the country a year or more ago
from 50 to 100 per cent. Thus far the ad
vanced prices have not checked the demand in any
line, and, in fact, prices often appear to be a second
ary consideration, delivery alone being the impor
tant point in purchases. Conservative men, however,
know that sooner or later this tremendous buying of
merchandise all over the country must satisfy the de
mand, and when that happens there will be a reaction
of some kind. It is not in sight yet, however.
The local markets exhibit few striking features.
The great farm staples remain about as they were a
week ago, grains being quiet and fruit active and
firm. Wool and hops are quiet, but strong as to
quotations, while hides and leather are firm with ?
demand. The tendency in oils is upward, and
coal oil lias advanced during the past week. Pro
are slow, but steady in price. Lumber and
coal are in moderate supply and quick demand at firm
quotations.
Some localities report a better inquiry for real es
tate, though there is no activity anywhere. The
money market is in its normal condition, and sol
vent borrowers find no drf.lculty in securing funds <U
moderate rates of interest. There are no large fail
ures reported, and collections are fair in all quarters.
The net supply of gold in the United States Treasury
has risen to the highest point ever known, touching
$251,618,000 on Thursday of last week, the previous
! record having been $217,000.0000 in August.
In view of the re«urrection of the old gold
ver question by the political parties this is an
resting and instructive fact.
Major General Lawton says that the Filipinos are
much better than Indians. And the general is not
ignorant of the fact that the American definition of
:i t(ood Irraian is a dead one.
It appears now that the North Star is in reality
three stars. It speaks volumes for the sobriety of
nr.tronomers that this fact had not been suspected long
ago.
BRYAN ON HOGS AND MEN.
IN his rural speech at the State Fair in Sacramento
.Mr. Bryan said: "You turn a hog loose, and it it
is worth only a dollar or two somebody will see
in it value enough to justify caring for the hog, and
[yet all over this State you will find people drifting
from place to place and many seeming unconscious
lof thiir sufferings and indifferent to their welfare. I
want to suggest if you want to develop the re
sources of your State you had better give attention to
• i eople as well as to cattle and hogs.
Mr. Bryan entered the State a few days ago, tar
ried and spoke at Sacramento, went to Stockton and
spoke, went on to the Yo^emite and came back to
Wawona and spoke, came down to San Francisco
| and spoke and then went back to Sacramento to de- j
j liver an address at the State Fair. The whole ad
dress illustrated his lack of versatility, for it was an
intensely partisan harangue, to a mixed crowd on a
non-partisan occasion. Any other public man in the j
| Union would have dropped partisan politics in such j
j a presence, and spoken from the inspiration of what j
the labor and genius of man have wrought.
The only inspiration Mr. Bryan seems to have
j t?ken from it was an impulse to slander the State in j
i the remarks we have quoted. It was the best he
| had to say for California, and worse has never been !
j said of any State and its people. Standing upon the
! eminence to which his candidacy for the Presidency ,
' and his desire to run again put him. he informs the
' world, in an grammatical language, that in this State ,
1 stray hogs are fed and stray men left to starve! He i
I says that all over California men are drifting from j
! place to place and there is indifference to their suf- i
ferings, while hogs are cared for and fed.
In his view the State seems in need of develop- j
'. inent. and is suffering from paying too much atten- :
I tion to hogs and too little to men. Looking around
! him in the grounds of the State Fair and to the pa
vilion filled with the fruits of the vineyard, orchard
and field, and with the results of bur manufacturing
skill, he seems to have seen in it all no evidence of the ;
development of our resources. It did not occur to
him that all this was an expression of our civilization
and illustrated the remarkable progress of a State
that is only in its fiftieth year. His inverted vision
saw only a State filled with tramps and these starving :
while our people give food and care to stray hogs!
Now the people want to know where he found this
excess of human suffering "all over this State." and
I where he observed the callous indifference thereto. >
' How many people did he see "drilling" and "suffer
ing" and neglected while hogs were eating what be
longs to men? What evidence has he that we neg
lect men and give to hogs and cattle what belongs to
humanity? His speech is a falsehood and a slander.
It is not true that men are drifting and starving all j
over this State, or in any part of it. Mr. Bryan has
no vocation himself. He promotes no industry, hires
no men, pays no wages. He gets a living out of
politic-, by exploiting the ambitions and the greeds
of his fellow men who hope in his success to get the
gain of office and the pleasures of power. What
client has he had and what fee has he received as a
lawyer since 1806? What has he earned with his pen !
as a journalist in the last three years? What paid the
cost of his trip to this State and back? After slan
dering California in his Sacramento speech, he said:
"A few weeks ago I spent several days upon the lakes
in Michigan and Wisconsin, and I saw there the
summer homes lining the banks of those lakes, and
the thought that came to me was: How small a pro
portion of the people of this great land are able to
enjoy summer vacations. And the thought that pained
me the most was that the producers of the wealth of |
the nation have less time and money for summer va- '■
cations than any other class, and the thought came
to me. Is it a just Government?" Out of this jumble
of "thoughts" that "pained" the only conclusion is :
that a just Government would give everybody a sum
mer vacation! But what was Mr. Bryan doing on
the lakes? Is he a producer of wealth? If so nobody !
seems to have denied him about the longest vacation |
from labor that has been enjoyed by any man we :
know of. After a vacation "on the lakes a few weeks
ago" he has taken another here and visited the
Yosemite. The cost of it is not less than $500, if he 1
paid his way. He attacks our people and charges
them with feeding hogs and letting men starve all
over the State. They want to know how he gets the
money for a summer vacation that extends from the
Great Lakes to the Pacific Coast. When he comes
around and thinks thoughts that pain him. and sees
sights that make him sad. and tells the world that
Californians are indifferent to human suffering and let
men drift and starve while the hogs are fed and shel- j
tered. they want to know how Mr. Bryan gets the ,
money to travel around and criticize his fellow men .
who have summer homes in Wisconsin and raise hogs
and cattle in California? The man who sets himself
up as a censor of the humanity and charity of others
must show something more than demagogue pretense
and thoughts that pain him. What is he doing for i
humanity? How many that he saw drifting all over
this State did he relieve from his purse? What ex
ample of charity and humanity did he set to our "in
different" people? What tramp did he feed or :
clothe? Did he even find any hog besides himself
while he was in the State?
IMPORTED FRUIT IN THE ORIENT.
CONSUL A. B. JOHNSON in a report from
Amoy to the State Department gives some in
formation concerning the fruit trade in China
which it may be worth while for our fruit-packers and
shippers to study with some care. It appears from his
statement it is our own fault that European fruit
dealers are getting the bulk of a trade that ought to be
almost monopolized by the United States.
After pointing out that there is a large demand for
fruit in China and that the native crop has little or no
effect upon importation by reason of the comparative
\\orthlcssness of the fruit, the Consul says: "There
i e a steadily increasing demand among the natives for
foreign fruits, whether canned, dried or preserved.
The European population look to these imported
fruits almost exclusively to supply their tables,
l'nned pears, peaches and apricots come principally
from America, while preserved fruits, jams and dried
fruits still come largely from Europe. The reason is
apparent. The American manufacturer will not, or doe*
not, meet the conditions required. Since there are no
peaches or pears in Europe which can compete with
those from California, the Oriental merchant has no
choice: in other lines he is not =0 restricted. Prunes
and raisins are largely used. The dried fruit is put up
THE SAN riiA^sClSCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
lin bottles and sealed. In no other way can it be
shipped to the tropics without great loss, as the hu
midity of the climate or insects will soon render it un
salable. No fruits, biscuits, crackers or any other
i food product can be safely shipped to Central or
Southern China or the Philippine Islands without
Icing sealed in glass bottles or tinned. The English
( and Continental merchants and manufacturers under
stand this and put up their fruits accordingly. If
tinned, the tins are either painted or varnished to pre
j vent rust and consequent loss to the merchant."
The time has gone by when our fruit men could
afford to ignore foreign markets. We have now a
' surplus crop every year in many kinds of fruit, and in
recent years have shipped considerable quantities
even to the fruit-growing countries of Europe. We
must now meet the requirements of the foreign de
, mand, and particularly that of China. Europe gets the
I trade because her dealers pack the fruit in the way the
| Oriental market demands it. In all probability a good
deal of American fruit after being shipped to England
i* manufactured and packed for the Chinese trade and
j sold there at a profit. Why should we not earn that
1 profit ourselves?
A MATTER FOR INVESTIGATION.
rACTS published in The Call yesterday concern
ing allegations of bribery and corruption in con
nection with the school supply contracts render
official investigation imperative. The late Grand Jury
in its final report declared that while the members
were morally certain of corrupt practices on the part
of some of the members of the former Board of Edu
cation, the Grand Jury was unable to frame indict
ments against thorn because of a lack of legal evi
dence. Better luck may attend an effort to bring to
punishment the men involved in the present scandal.
The evidence of bribery in connection with the
supply contracts conies to The Call through the talk
of erne of the principal parties to the fraud. Dr. H.
E. Gedge. chairman of the committee on supplies, has
admitted to at least one reputable citizen that an agent
of a firm intending to bid for the contracts offered
Sjoco for permission to inspect and make alterations
in the specifications of the supplies called for; that the
offer was accepted; that the specifications were
altered so as to give advantage to the firm; that the
money Avas paid and divided, $800 going to Conlon,
another member of the committee who was a full
party to the fraud.
It appears that Director W. A. Kemp, the third
member of the committee, was not aware of the trick
that was played out under his eye-, having been in
duced to let the scheme go through by his friend
Phil Crimmins, and thus he receive 1 no share of the
spoils. That part of the story may or may not be
trtie, for when interviewed on the subject Mr. Kemp
could not remember why he stayt d away from the
meeting when the contracts were let, nor why he di.l
not persist in his' original demand that the contracts
Ik let to the lowest bidder.
While the part played by Kemp may be involved in
doubt, there is on the face of the evidence a clear case
against Gedge and Conlon, for, as we have said, it is
presented upon statements made by Gedge himself to
at least one reputable citizen. Conlon seems to have
agreed to the scheme when first proposed, but left it
to Gedge to arrange the details. That is the testimony
The Call has made public, and if a fearless and thor
oughgoing Grand Jury enters upon an investigation
of the subject there is every reason to believe that not
only moral evidence but legal evidence will be forth
coming sufficient to justify the indictment of the
guilty parties.
Official corruption is bad in any department of gov
ernment, but it is most offensive to the public when
it occurs among men intrusted with the management
of the public schools. There was a great disappoint
ment when the corrupt members of the former board
managed to escape indictment, and the indignation of
the people made itself manifest at the next election by
turning them out of office. That form of punishment,
however, is not sufficient. The desire of the commun
ity is for a Grand Jury that will act upon the uncondi
tional motto of Grant. "Let no guilty man escape.''
THE COMING YACHT RACE.
SIXCE Sir Thomas Lipton has been in this
country he has won the favor of the people and
strengthened the already well assured belief that
the coming yacht race will be free from anything in
the way of personal ill feeling. It is to be contested
in the spirit of true sportsmanship and there will be
nothing like the ugly Dtmrayen incident to mar the
enjoyment of the match, whatever the result may be.
An evidence of the friendly disposition of the chal
lenger is afforded by the frank way in which he com
mented upon the complaints made by some dissatis
fied Englishmen upon the alleged interference of
steamers and other craft with the yachts. "It makes
me mad," he said, "when I hear so much stress laid
on this excursion steamer trouble, just as if such
things were unknown outside of America. We have
precisely the same trouble in our races at home. I
know, of course, that this habit of excursion steamer
captains is a bad business, but I say unhesitatingly
that it never prevented any English boat from win
ning the America's cup."
Declarations of that kind have done much to make
Lipton popular. It is clear we have to deal with a
big-hearted man. who has come here to win the fa
mous trophy if he can, and not to quibble over little
things and lay the foundations for accusing us of un
fairness if he lose. Such a man is apt to hold as well
as to win the favor of Americans, and it is safe to
say his words will make our yachting authorities
mofe eager to prevent the interference of excursion
steamers with the race than would any amount of
formal protesting and complaining.
It is not possible to forbid excursion steamers
going out to the race, and when once out on the open
ocean it will not be easy to make them obey regula
tions. The passengers on the steamers will of course
desire to be as near the yachts as possible, and the
officers will try to oblige them. The steamers will
have to avoid one another and all the other pleasure
craft, and there is always danger of interference. It
is to be hoped, however, that extra precautions will
be taken to prevent any such occurrence. We can
beat the British in yacht racing fairly, and have no de
sire to take unfair advantage. Our new challenger
has come to us frankly and with a spirit of cordial
good will, and it is for us to meet him on that plane.
Dispatches declare that American troops in Ne
gros recently marched a thousand feet up an almost
perpendicular slope under heavy fire. Uncle Sam
ought to provide wings for his soldiers or suffer
the consequences of overstocking the variety theaters
with human flies.
A number of Quakers from Pasadena have estab
lished a colony in Alaska. Every time the ther
mometer takes a downward shoot their membership
shows increase.
The age of miracles is not yet over. Peru has
elected a new President and there isn't even the sug
gestion of a revolution.
VIGOROUS PROTEST AGAINST EXAMINER'S
DISGRACEFUL SLANDER OF LARKSPUR CAMPERS
Editor of The Pall— Dear Sir: The article upon the campers of Larkspur
appearing in Sunday's Examiner is one of the vilest and basest fabrications
that ever emanated from a human mind and the author one of the vilest curs
God ever, by accident or mistake, plact-d in the form of a man.
There is not one scintilla of truth in it from beginning to end, and if the
Examiner had taken the trouble t" investigate the truth of such an article
before publishing it instead of taking the word of the "resident on the hillside,"
who is a. stranger to truth, it never would have published it.
It is a vile stand* r upon some of the must respectable families in the State.
I »l«fy the author to point to one instance where a man or woman has been in
sulted on the highway, 'lay or night, early or late, unless he be the culprit.
The utterance that men and women went bathing together in the creek
without bathing suits is a rank falsehood, unless the author was a party to
the act.
I have camped in Baltimore Canyon for the last seven years, and have seen
no such actions as the "resident on the hillside" described, and that was before
he knew there was such a place: and while each year has found a few undesirable
people, there wore no more, and, in fact, fewer than you usually find in a town
"f the like number of people, for nearly all the campers are composed of fam
ilies and their children. There has been noise at times, and lots of It; but the
people who made it were respectable. As for "Camp Occidental." each and
every one of them are young men of high standing in this community, and whose
character is of the best; and while I never visited their camp I met them all and
found them all gentlemen.
The Examiner has attacked the name of good women before, but when it
stoops to falsehood and reviles hundreds of respectable men and women without
investigating the truth of the assertions it becomes a stench in the nostrils of
decency; and in this instance it becomes the mouthpiece of a miserable wretch
and a coward who stoops to falsehood and insults womanhood to satisfy a per
sonal grudge. Yours truly, ROBERT D. DUKE,
San Francisco, Sept. 10. 404 Claus Spreckels building.
MINERS' HOSPITALITY.
DEL NORTH TO DESERT.
MINING THE RIVERS.
WHY MINE-JUMPERS LOST.
The mining- interests of the whole State
I have thoroughly wakened to the im
portance of the coming annual mating
of the American Institute of Mining i
Engineers in San Francisco, beginning I
on the 25th InsL and lasting three days,
to be followed by two weeks of sight
seeing in the mining regions.
The special train leaving Chicago on
the j'Hli Inst. will bring o-ver 200 members
and ciult.- » party <>f friends and many
other Western members will swell the at
tendance. The party will Btop at a few
mining- centers along the northern route
and will be met near the State line on
the 22d inst. by the reception committee
of the California Miners' Association In a
Bpecial car. Th«- Institute has held many
important sessions attended by interest
ing excursions, but none "f Its annual
trips will hav< approached in extent,
variety of experience and royal hos
pitality the one of this year.
The California Miners' Association in
Sail Francisco and in the mining counties
is busy with reception plans, vice Presi
dent w. C. H:ilst"n. chairman of the
committee on arrangements, and Secre
tary E. 11. Benjamin are actively looking
after the details of the long programme
• ■ tofore published. The special lir.ance
committee, ol which A. A. Watkins is
chairman, easily raised $1700 in two days
recently and expect no trouble in get
ting the remaining thousands needed.
Throughout the State active members
<>i the association executive committee,
special local committees, local news
papers and boards of supervisors arc get
ting a hustle on. At Redding, where the
E. H. BENJAMIN.
: party stops for a day, M. E. Dittmar of
I the Redding Searchlight, Frank M.
Swasey of the Dally Five Press and
others of t >i« • local committee are arrang
ing a handsome reception, a Bpecial min
ing exhibit, etc., in which the Boards
Of Supervisors and citizens of Shasta,
Trinity and Slsklyou counties will join.
The day about Oroville and the Feather
: River dredges la being arranged by an ac
tive committi •■ of the Butte County
Miners' Assqciation, and the Oroville
Mercury wants a mining exhibit
The Placer Countj Miners' Association
li'M a special meeting on Thursday on
the matter. T. J. Nichols is chairman
of the special county committee appointed
and Mayor J. W. Morgan of the Auburn
committee. An alternative drive over the
Forest Hill Divide has been added to the
programme nere, which includes a
luncheon at Auburn and a visit to the
Polar Star hydraulic mine at Dutch Flat. !
In Placer, as in several other counties, a '
! special pamphlet on the county's mining I
I resources will be ready.
Nevada City has a 'committee of cmi
; nent citizens, of which Fred Zeitler is
chairman, and here, as at Grass Valley,
, every provision for an enjoyable and i
! profitable visit will be made.
The Amador County committee is com
posed of W. F. Detert, P. A. Buell. E. C.
Voorhies. J. F. Parks, F. F. Thomas and
John Ross Jr. The Supervisors last week
; adopted resolutions of invitation and wel-
I come and appropriated $300 to the enter
tainment fund.
The Tuohimne County Supervisor? have
| made an appropriation ana the County
; Miners' Association has made W. H. M< 1 -
Clintock chairman of the committee on |
entertainment. Other committees in the j
1 Mother Lode counties have been appolnt
j ed and will actively assist in making the
! extended visit to that great mining re
] gion appreciated. The Sacramento and '
i other boards of trade and other civic,
official and commercial bodies through
the State will join in the welcome.
It should not be forgotten that all this
I waking up ut homo and this getting and
keeping the. revived mining interests be- i
I fore Californians generally are not the '
| least of the benefits that will reward this
display of enterprise and hospitality.
The industry is booming literally "from
] Siskiyou to San Diego"— from Del Norte j
!to the desert. This is easiest realized by i
! the mining life reflected in the local j
papers of every mining county. To one j
familiar with the country press the con
trast between the present and. not only
four or five years ago, but with a year
ago, is very noticeable. The country
, paper is, of course, always loyal to its
own and an exponent of present richness j
! of resources and of future greatness in j
its county. Not long ago there was be- ;
ing declared in all, in various forms, "We '
have the mineral resources and when
capital comes, as it will some day, we'll ,
be great," but "mining news" seemed j
scarce and the papers gossiped mainly '
about the small doings of sleepy comniu- !
nities. Now in all the mining regions
news of mines bought and bonded, shafts
sinking, mills erected, promoters' skir
mishes, ore and bullion shipments and of
general prosperity take up several times
the space such topics did two or three
years ago.
Del Norte County just woke up last
spring. It is up there on a rugged coast
and never saw the cars. With no rail
rou.il its miniim revival was delayed. It
came with the copper boom, and hunting
and digging for copper is starting a more
lively hunt for gold.
"The mineral resources of the county
are as yet an unknown quantity," says
the Del Norte Record. "From its earliest
settlement mining has been carried on
In a small way for gold, with good profit
In many instances. That it could be made
more profitable by systematic mining
cannot be disputed. Copper mining was
also followed in the early history of the
county, and thousands of dollars were
spent and hundreds of men employed in
the Low Divide country, about ten miles
from the seacoast, back of Smith River
Valley. The high freight rates prevail
ing, coupled with the long distance which
the orea had to be taken for treatment,
caused this Industry to Hose up to with
in the present year. Nc/vv there are many
prospectors in the mountains developing j
leads, and one or two mines are shipping
ore to San Francisco for smelting pur
poses. Present indications are that the
copper interests of the county will be
one of the most remunerative within a
short time."
The T'nlon copper mine up there is tak
ing live tons a day from a ledge several
feet wide and the last shipment to Selby's
by steamer yielded 19 per cent copper.
Other copper mines are developed about
to the shipping point and important cop- |
per enterprises are likely to attend a j
sustained copper demand. A number of
gold properties are being developed nnd
prospecting Is lively.
Along and across the Klamath and the
Trinity to the eastward in Slskiyou and
Trinity and then in Shasta is the liveli
est, biggest, least developed and probably
the most promising mining region of the
State. Prospectors swarm over the thou
sands of square miler, of that great,
broken, wooded and mineralized territory.
Through this big region there are hun
dreda of mines recently discovered and
developed to a promise of value and even
richness by men without capital, pegging
away with a drill and often paying ex
p< nsi a with a spring-pull mortar or an
ai raster, or by small shipments of ore
to smelters. Notes of these small strikes
and developments fill local papers con
stantly.
But capital is rapidly going into this
invitiTig field where prospects are not,
as a rule, held so high as in well-devel
oped districts. Many investments on the
scale of a few thousands have been made
this- year in quartz, copper, hydraulic and
dredging propositions and som^ will
reach into the hundreds of thousands.
The next two years promises to see the
development of some very big operations '
in the Shasta County copper belt, where
Captain de Uiraar. the millionaire oper
ator, recently bought and began to fur
ther develop the Bully Hill group of cop
per claims and where the Afterthought
and other copper properties are undergo
ing active exploration by Eastern capi
talists. So great and rich bodies of cop
per have been developed by the Mountain
Copper Company in Iron Mountain, and
so promising are the indications that as
great or greater ore bodies exist along
that twenty-five mile copper belt, that
the outlook is promising for the erection
of more great smelters and the growth of
a mining camp that will be a second
Butte City. California seems about to
leap to high rank among the copper pro
ducing States.
All sorts of river dredging propositions
are floating about "between wind and
water." When the '49ers and '55ers and
the rest of them got through with the
lower courses of the golden rivers and
went away, the recent and ancient
beds of the streams which could
not be reached or profitably worked by
flummg, damming, etc., still kept
their £?old and then through long years
the hydraulic and other miners in the
mountains sent down millions of cubic
yards of tailings carrying gold that
riched further these river beds. Now
when long experiment has developed big
machines that will reach down forty feet
and in favorable ground, work 2500 cubic
yards a day for 3 cents a cubic yard, and
when the financial success of modern gold
dredges has been recently demonstrated
in California, men are turning to those
long abandoned present river bottoms and
to the river benches that plank them.
The Klamath. Trinity, Feather, Yuba,
American, Stanislaus and Tuolumne riv
ers are now either worked or about to be
and dredges are apt to rapidly multiply.
The Feather, near Oroville, and the
Yuba. near Marysvllle, are the chief cen
ters of dredging now and several dredges
are In operation with more building and
planned. The Continental Dredging Com
pany is building at Oroville one larger
than any yet in use there. Orders for
two new ones have just been given a San
Francisco firm. George Evans will build
one this winter. Next month all the
dredges about Oroville will substitute
electric for steam power.
The operation of these dredges which
simply stack their tailings behind them
as they proceed has inspired the Marys
ville Democrat to sound a warning that
recalls the old anti-debris opposition to
the hydraulic miners. The Democrat
thinks the dredges will work damage by
shoaling further the streams.
This dredging industry seems to be
bringing an interesting legal question to
the front. Long stretches of the bed of
the Feather are being located as placer
claims right in this populous region,
where all land along the bank is privately
owned. Tt is asserted on one hand that
an owner's rights on the bank of a
stream go to the middle of the
stream. On the other hand ownership is j
asserted to stop at the meander lines as |
declared by Government surveys. If a
stream is "navigable." is its bed, as j
asserted by Attorney A. H. Ricketts in
The Call recently, the property of the
State? If so Federal location laws do not
apply.
Southern Californa affords plenty of
mining news these days chiefly concern-
Ing oil and gold. The Randsburg Miner i
says: "Randsburg has again assumed its
old-time actlveness and people are now '
rolling In by the bus loads. Mine deal
ers and mine owners are numerous and
full of business. Money Is plenty and
easy and every one seems to be satisfied
that they are in Randsburg."
San Diego County has another new dis
covery. In Bear Valley argentiferous ga
lena assaying 14 per cent lead, 19 ounces
in silver and $3 In gold has been found.
There is great interest in the discovery-
Santa Barbara County is credited by
report with a subterranean "lake of
liquid asphaltum." near Carpenterla. It
was struck in drilling an oil well at 1250
feet, is "like soft mush" and has risen
160 feet In the pipe. At last accounts the
operators couldn't either get the stuff out
or keep on boring.
A new wharf for oil wells has been run J
Into the ocean 500 feet at Summerland and
oil struck in the first well at 260 ifei.
The Heald coal mine at Garloch, near
Randsburg. is being developed, and it is
said the owners have contracted to ae
liver several thousand tons. -nxr-vicY
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Niclausse water-tube boiler, which,
like the Belleville boiler, is a French in
vention, is installed in twenty-seven
war vessels of which sixteen are in the
French navy. Their collective horse
power is 302,100 and range in sets from
20,200 to 9000 horsepower.
The London Engineer of a recent date
has an editorial on battleships contend
ing in substance that a battleship may
have too great a speed. The opinion is
expressed that guns and armor are of
more value than speed. That in a swift
battleship the coal supply will run short
at a critical moment perhaps, and that
thus her superior speed may lead to the
ship's destruction in that way. As battle
ships go in squadrons, 15 knots of a
homogeneous company is better than
when composed of ships of varying
speeds, and 12 knots is really the highest
at which fleet evolutions have yet been
done.
The British battleship Ocean has passed
through a thirty-hour trial at sea
under three-fifth power. The boilers
carried a steam pressure, of 259 pounds,
giving 102 revolutions and developing
10,314 horsepower, which gave a speed of
16.2 knots. The coal consumption was
only 1.63 pounds against 2 to 2*4 pounds
in the Majestic class built six years ago.
Two formidable battleships are in
course of construction at Italian dock
yards, one named Reglna Margherita at
Ipezia, and another called Amivaglla
Benedetto Brin at Castellmara. They are
sister ships, 413 feet In length at water
line, 78 feet beam and displace 14,000 tons
on a draught of 27 feet. The horsepower
under natural draught is to be 14.000 and
18,000 under forced draught, calculated to
give a speed of 18 and 21 knots under
above respective conditions. The hull
armor consists of a 6-inch belt extending
from three feet below water to the main
deck and reaching to within 50 feet of the
stern. The bulkheads are 10 to 12 inches,
the iTun positions 6 inches and the pro
tection deck 3.2 to 1.5 Inches. The arma
ment consists of two 12-lnch guns, one
forward and another aft, placed in bar
bettes, ten 8-inch quick-firers placed In
pairs In five turrets, sixteen 12-poundera
and eight 3-pounders. The normal coal
supply is 1000 tons and the capacity is
2000 tons, calculated to give a steaming
radius of 5000 and 10,000 knots at the rate
of speed of 10 knots an hour.
The Coroner's jury in the case of the
accident to the British torpedo-boat
destroyer Bullfinch rendered a verdict on
August 17, after a session of nearly three
weeks. The disaster which resulted in the
scalding to death of nine men occurred
on July 21, and was caused by the break
ing of the piston rod of the port engine
high-pressure cylinder, the broken rod
smashing the cylinder head and thereby
filling the engine-room with scalding
steam. The jury came to the conclusion
! that the breakage was due to faulty
j design and an absence of uniform good
! quality of material. The most conclusive
evidence covering the first finding was
the testimony of an expert mechanical
engineer who stated that he had dis
covered a slight longitudinal flaw in one
! of the other piston rods very similar to
i and in the same place as in the broken
rod. The rods are made hollow, chiefly
to save weight, but the accident will
have a tendency to make the margin of
safety considerably greater, and the
Admiralty officials have already given as
surance to that effect.
An armored cruiser named Varese wa3
launched August 6 from the Orlando yard
at Leghorn. She is the third vessel of
that name recently built at that yard for
the Italian navy, the first two. however,
havinf been sold to Argentine. The
latest ship is an improvement upon those
previously built and is 36*5 feet in length,
59 feet lO'i beam and displaces 7492 tons
on a draught of 24 feet. The belt and gun
positions are of 6-inch Harveyized steel
and her battery is composed of one 10
--inch, two 8-inch, fourteen 6-Inch, ten 12
pounders and six 6-pounders. Her speed
under natural draught Is to be 19 knocs,
and the coal capacity is over 1000 tons.
The Spanish armored cruiser Cristobal
Colon, which led our ships a race of fifty
miles in the sea fight off Santiago on July
3 one year ago, was of the Verese type, a
class of shipr. which if properly handled
have proved to be the best yet produced
oi; a moderate displacement.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Colonel O. \^. Smith, U. S. A., is regis
tered at the Palace.
Frank A. Cressy. a Modesto banker, is
registered at the Lick. . i; r
■W. R. Spalding. a big lumberman of
Truckee, is at the Lick.
F. Karpe, a merchant of Singapore, Is'
registered at tne Occidental.
J. F. Morgan, a merchant of Honolulu,
Is registered at the Occidental.
United States Senator F. M. Cockrell of
Missouri is registered at the Palac*.
Captain "Terry of the battleship lowa Is
stopping at the Palace with his wife.
Attorney R. J. Bentley and wiie, of
Sacramento, are registered at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edsen . is
registered at the Occidental from Ga
zelle. '
A. L. Spring Jr. and L. O. Larimoor are
registered at the Grand from Cape Nome.
Alaska.
Lieutenant-Governor John T. Keen of
South Dakota arrived in the city yester
day, and is registered at tne Palace. ,
A. Baldwin of Omaha and J. J. Crowley
of New York arrived from the Klondike
yesterday and are registered at the Lick.
Colonel E. H. Plummer, Thirty-fifth
United States Volunteers, is registered at
the California from "Vancouver Barracks.
A delegation of prominent South Da
kotans arrived in the city : yesterday to
assist in welcoming home the volunteers
who enlisted from that State. They are:
"W. T. La Follette of Chamberlain; T. W.
Taubuan 'of Plankinton '< and M. H. Kelly
of Aberdeen. They are registered at the
Grand. >
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
■ ♦ ■
v Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men. by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Swallowed Carbolic Acid.
Cora Williams, a diminutive blonde,
living at the King House, Fourth and
Howard streets, swallowed a two-ounce
bottle of carbolic acid yesterday after
noon with suicidal intent. Jennie An
derson, another roomer, attempted t"
knock the bottle out of her hand,- but
was too late. She had both her hands
burned with the add for her good inten
tions. Miss v\ imams was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and Dr. McGettigan
did everything possible for her bit said
she could not live. The girl cam> from
Los Angeles recently and had beer drink
ing heavily.
« ♦ «
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used for fifty years by mill ons of
mothers for their children while Tanning with
perfect success. It soothes the child softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Core regu
lates the Bowels and is the best reriedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising froir. te.thlng or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
WlnsloWs Soothing -Syrup. He a bo tie.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now .nly $60 by
steamship,' Including fifteen days' loard at hr>
*«l: l° nKer stay. $2 50 per day ' Apily.at • New
Montgomery reet. Ban Francises ;GOLDEN OAK LEAVES
FOR CAPTAIN NOBLE
r* T^ISPATCHES from the East tell of the promotion of Captain Robert H. ■»
" I I Noble, who for a long time has been acting as aid on the personal staff S
*■ II of General Shafter. Captain Noble has been made major and assistant *■
*■ "^"^ adjutant general. ' *-
*• This is not the first time Captain Noble has worn the gold oak leaves. *■
*■ While he was with General Shatter during the Cuban campaign he was raised *-
*■ to a major of volunteers and was assigned to duty as assistant adjutant >♦■
*■ general, the post he has just been restored to. He was present at every action *■
» during the campaign against Santiago, and was recommended for a brevet *•
» lieutenant colonelcy for his service. He was one of the officers who negoti- *•
*■ ated the exchange of Lieutenant Hob=on. After his return from Cuba he was *-
«■ on duty at Montauk Point, and afterward was sent to New York to settle up *■
St- the records of the Fifth Army Corps. #■
* This work he finished last January, and he was then ordered West to this ♦
* department, and was appointed judg? advocate general. He was honorably *■
*■ mustered out of the volunteer service last March, and was again appointed *
»- to his old position on General Shafter's staff. *■
* Major Noble is well known in this city, as his duties as aid have brought *"
* him in contact with almost every public official or person of note who has *
* visited San Francisco. He is an accomplished linguist, and has traveled *"
*" over half the globe, and his position as aid has given him unusual opportunity *
* to utilize his talents as a diplomat. Major Noble is a graduate of West Point *
[ of the class of '84. He was appointed to the academy from Maryland, his *
* native State, in ISSO. His first assignment was to the First Regiment, with *
* which he did duty in Arizona for two years, during a good part of which *"
*■ time he was on scouting duty under General Lawton, then a captain in the *"
*■ Fourth Cavalry. In l?. y 6 he came to California and served here with his *"
*■ regiment until 1SS?: then he was made professor of military science and tac- *
*■ tics in St. John's College, at Annapolis. He returned to his regiment in Cali- -*■
*" fornla in 1594 and served as adjutant until 1557. when he was appointed to
* General Shafter's staff. Major Noble is also a lawyer, for he holds a de- y ~
* gree of Doctor of Laws from ;he University of Maryland. ♦
*" Just when Major Noble will be relieved from his present duty is uncer- 7-
*" tain. He is assistant adjutant general of volunteers, and may be assigned X
* to any department; but in all probability he will remain on this coast. s
* *
TIE QUESTION
OF MAJORSS TO
AFFECT DAKOTA
♦
■
■
•
■ ; Cap-
Uy to succeed - me is
Still ir
Boul - ''• : ■ - '
position In I ' majors
iding the
■
. In Manila tl
-
« 11 that the
•
til allow? •
_ out
rs are requiring from th
■ ■ • . . ■ . n -
';?•-- to grant •
In that case I ■ • that
nt will ha
another major to
v man from the rank- will be -
a chance ( I
one vacancy in the -
• that of H ' nanr in B corn
but BO far the luck} I
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
CURED BY
/SOAP ♦
The mos. effective skin purifying and
beautifying soap in the -world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and
nursery. It is the only preventive of pim-
ples, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin,
red, rough hands with shape lean nails, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and simple baby
blemishes. It is so because it strikes at
the cause of most complexional disfigura-
tions, viz., the Clogged, leritatkd,
Imxajud, Overworked, ok Sluggish
Fottß. __;
Mr face was covered with a pimply, nip-
turei, and itching akin. After using Ccti-
ccbu Boa* for sir weeks my skin made a
remarkable change, all the pimples went
away, my skin getting as soft as velvet.
B. CROME, 223 Mcl rose St., Chicago, 111.
I was troubled with pimples, especially on
the chl» and forehead. I tried several home
remedla , but as they proved to bo of no value,
I decider to use Ccticcra Soap, and in six
week! I ■■»• entirely rid of them.
HENRY V DAIILKE,
6111 80. Paulina St., Chicago, 111.
My tic* was covered with pimples and
blackheads. Some would be all red, and others
would It fuU of white matter. The black-
heads maid be all over my face. I spent
about tea dollars for soaps, medicines, etc.,
but they re vex did me any good. ItriedCcn-
ccra Soat, a.d it only took three cakes to
cure my fate. JOSEPH B. CT^MER,
\ 327 Court St., Elizabeth, N.J.
r.Tm".B^gn— ..Baton. "Bfi* iOCamPixafM, free.
BABY HUMORB Prtrmtad and Cor»d by (
BABY HUmORo CrciccaA B«a*.
1 ha? - • ■ ■
South Datart Regi
■
■
b. <>r
-
sub
*r n
• | ■
■
-
n this case.
:':. •r. j . and [1 to be
nn of
■'■■:• t g
•
•nan."
The latter char.. - • -. •
■ :s the
.•■-.:■■
-
■ ■ - ■
■•■ :U not cut mucl
• is believed by army
• - : r the crime of - g an I
r. uncomplimentary to a superior;
as one, by custom as well :
- ilations. The fact that, with or;
with' tion It has be- :
I to nip in the bu.l more than one
- military career.
has enm* home
inciea to be nlled, and al
• een taken to fill th<-m.
■ ond lieutenancy in
■ ■
X - rgeant major of the'
a, ana Arthur de Meuth,
I comns - •t. is booked for tru
comrr.issnry officer the new law all
The adjutant, E. D. Fa!k. will b~ i
from a first lieutenancy to a cap:
and • -r. W. H. Hart, will
ilmilarly r^
The camp routine of the Minnesota Reg
' iment has been outlined. It begins with
He at 7 and ends with taps at 10
-•• is not a great deal of :
for, for the Minnesota men
■ given liberty of everything ex
t: and that will not come
rit-n.
era and the band of the Min
nt will be at the ferry this
i he overland comes in to
Lind, who is expected to
r LJnd will bring the latest
the arrangements for taking
men. It haa been learned that
thing sa than a special
home State, f>
all kinds of a welcome wh^n the men ar
rive. A committee of reception was at
! the i rday telling tales of what
was to c me when the date of muster .
out hi
There will be a meeting of all commit
tees for reception of r'^rnia and
California Heavy Artillery to-night at 8
k at Armory Hall, to complete
plans to entertain the Thirteenth Minne- i
sota Regiment on V ■ September
13.
The first of the Minnesotans who have
been hastening across the country to
greet the volunteers n-r.urning from the
Philippines who hail from that State ar
rived in San Francisco yesterday and
registered at the Occidental Hotel The
delegation consisted of Jesse \ 'Iregg
Dr. R. SchefTman. Fred C. Scheffman and
Judge R F. Reese. These gentlemen
come as the representatives of the Com
mercial Club of St. Paul, of which organ
ization Mr. Gr>>gg is president. Dr
j Schf-ffman is a very prominent physician
I of that city and his son is almost as well
i known, while the fourth member of the
party. Judge Reese, is clerk of the Su
-1 preme Court of Minnesota and one of the
i State"s most brilliant orators. All ex
, pressed the keenest disappointment at
their failure to reach San Francisco
ahead of the transport Sh»-ridan.
"We came by the shortest route in
order to get here in time to welcome the '
boys when they arrived,'" said Judge
Reese yesterday, "and as we did not ex- I
pect they would reach here before the '
11th we thought we would be here in
ample time. However, we are here and
we propose to make their stay in' San i
Francisco as pleasant as possible and '
then take them home with us.
"The reception committee decided that
it needed J40.000 to bring the boys back
home in style and give them a fitting re- ;
ception. That amount was raised in ten i
days by the simple method of selling
badges through the State at $1 each "
Governor LJnd and staff will arrive in
the morning by way of Portland and the
entire party of Minnesotans will remain
in San Francisco until the regiment is
mustered out. The volunteers will be
taken back East in Pullman sleepers over
the Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific from Portland, going from Sar Fran- !
Cisco to that point over the tracks of the
Southern Pacific.
Lieutenant Governor John T. Kean of
South Dakota, accompanied by Railroad
Commissioner Lafollette, visited the
South Dakota Regiment yesterday. The
band was called out in their honor and
they were given a serenade at the head-
L quarters tent. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 1899.
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF THE FIRST
BAPTIST CHURCH
Anniversary Services
Begun.
LETTERS OF CONGRATULATION
•
AN AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA
FURNISHES MUSIC.
John F. Pope, a Member of th« First
Congregation, Takes Part in
the Very Interesting Exer
cises.
The fiftieth anniversary of the First
Baptist Church was commemorated yes
terday by special services. The stately
edifice on Eddy street was thronged with
a large congregation who sought to cele
brate fifty years of Christian work which
their church has just completed.
In the morning the regular choir, con
sisting- or" Misa Fanny L. Denny, Miss
Florence Nagel. Herbert Williams, D. B.
Crane and H. K. Mitchell (organist.!, as
sisted by M. B. Wallack on the "cello,
rendered many beautiful selections, the
tenor solo by Mr. \YiLiams being espe
cially fine.
Dr. S. H. Willey, a well-known Congre
gational minister, delivered the first ad
dress, speaking on "Dr. O. C Wheeler
and His Work." Dr. Wheeler was the
r of the First Baptist Church in 1849,
rst church in San Francisco, and Dr.
01 his personal friends.
The speaker referred in eloquent terms to
Dr. Wheeler. He told of their journey to
grther from New York, around by Panama
to California; how *.is friend founded the
first Baptist church in San Francisco
and w ret man to preach the gos
pel to the rous-h settlement of that tim^.
I. •■ •■•- ■ gratulatton were read
from three of the former pastors of the
church. Dr. Hulbert of the Chicago Di
vinity School, Dr. Kincaid of Honolulu
and Rrv. Mr. Boynton of Chicago.
iu><?e. who was I - acting
urch in I.SH7, gave an In
•:. the mci
- of his call to the pastorate by Dr.
Cheney, and recalling many reminiscences
of the old members of the congregation.
In the evening, after the reading of the
by Dr. Hess, the church or
chestra of twenty pieces, led by Charles
W. V - : tiered a beautiful offer-
W. B. Thompson, secretary of the
ly-school, then save a short history
of the Sunday-school from its organiza
tion on May 20, 1849. to the present day.
Professor A. A. Macurda. president of
the school, fallowed with a description of
the school that is to be. Mi?s Marion E.
Smith came next with the history of the
MEMBERS SINCE '49.
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Pope have been
members of the congregation of the First
Baptist Church since 1549. They were the
first accessions to the original member
ship of thirteen, and are active workers
in the church at the present day. Their
son, O. C. Pope, tills the position now
that his father rilled half a century ago,
that of clerk to the board of trustees.
Christian Endeavor society, and after her
address a letter from Dr. F. E. Clark, the
president of the United Christian En
deavor Society, was read.
Professor J. A. Wiles, president of the
State Christian Endeavor Society, deliv
ered an appropriate discourse on the sig
nificance of the society's work In the past
and its promise in the future. He was fol
lowed by Professor T. G. Brownson. D. D.,
of the California College, who made an
able and learned address on the subject
of "Making the Most of Yourself."
The annJvera • jervtcw will be con
tinued next Sunday. In the morning the
pastor. L'r. E. A. woods, to whose untir
ing energy and zeal much of the present
prosperity of the church is due. will de
liver th'- anniversary sermon. In the
evening union services of all the Baptist
churches will be held at the church.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
SPIRITUALISM AND
OCCULTISM DISCUSSED
Dr. Allen Griffiths delivered an interest
ing lecture on "Spiritualism and Occult
ism" last night, at the meeting of the
Universal Brotherhood, in the hall of the
Academy of Sciences. A large audience
listened to his views on the subject. He
said in part:
Theosophy looks upon spiritualism
as it does upon everything else, from
the vantage ground of a universal
sweep of vision. It admits the fact of
genuine phenomena, the existence of
beings residing upon the superphysical
side of nature, and the possibility- of
communication being had with them
by men under certain conditions, but at
the same time warns against such
practices as productive of evil. It as
serts that man is composite in his
constitution, being composed broadly
speaking, of body, soul and spirit.
During life he exists in a physical
body and is usually dominated by de
sires and interests which at death per
ish because of their perishable na
ture; that during life his spiritual na
ture constantly strives to impress it
pelf upon the lower man and succeeds
in the ratio of his elevating thought
and action above merely earthly
affairs.
Thia is the voice of conscience. At
death, soul and spirit are separated
from the physical body which disin
tegrates and resolves back into Its
primal elements. The Karmic body,
an etherial counterpart of the physical
body, continues for a certain time
after death to exist upon the super
physicai plane: the astral is just
one remove from its former resi
dence in the physical body on earth.
This Karmic body is the residence of
the soul, composed of animal and
human qualities.
Immediately after death, with rare
exceptions, the spiritual entity, the
real man, ascends to the spiritual
realm The Karmic body, holding only
the lower animal, earthly and perish
able part of the former man. persists
for a time in the astral world, and it
is with this that ordinary mediums
communicate, not with the true spir
itual entity, as that has already risen
beyond reach of mediumistic inter
course.
The intelligence that animates the
Karmic body is but a reflection of the
real man and persists for a short time
only by virtue of previously imparted
momentum, which is soon exhausted
because severed from its source. This
reflected, low and waning intelligence
has no volition of its own, but when
galvanized into artificial life by a
medium from whom It absorbs
strength, may impart some portion of
its disappearing contents, but it does
not and cannot impart more.
REV. DR. LOCKE'S
FAREWELL ADDRESS
Rev. Dr. Locke preached his farewell
sermon to a large congregation last night.
Scores of those who wished to hear him
were turned away, unable to get within
the outer doors. The pastor spoke elo
quently, his voice at times breaking with
feeling. His B- rmon, in brief, was as fol
lows:
We live In deeds, not in years; In
thoughts, not breaths. We should
count time by heart throbs. He most
lives who thinks most, feels the
noblest, acts the best. I am not In
clined this evening so much to preach
to you as I am to emphasize some liv
ing" words. I give you the text which
I have just read as a motto for good
living.
The heart stands for man's moral
and spiritual nature. The real- issues
of life depend upon heart power and
heart achievement While we often
say the mind is the man. yet that
man is of pigmy nature whose mind
has not been d at the expense
of his heart. Be true to your friends.
Longfellow says h> breathed a song
into the air. and then writes:
The ?"ng from beginning to en.l
I found aealn in the hpart at a friend.
In closing Dr. Locke spoke tenderly nf
his affection for his people, and of a hop?
that .it some futur- time he might be
returned to labor in San Francisco.
Initial Sermon by Father McCourt.
Father J. >* McCourt, who has just ar
rived at Old St. Mary's Church in this
city, delivered his first sermon last night.
Father McCourt. who has been connect
ed with the Paulist Novitiate at Wash
ington for the past four years, comes to
this city with a reputation as an able
speaker, which he fully sustained in his
Initial sermon last night. His subject
was the Virein Mary, and his large audi
ence followed every word with attention.
In part be Bald:
All Christians love and honor the
holy name of Mary, because she had
a special share in the work of our re
demption, and this work was to co
operate freely and intelligently in body
and soul: to accept an office of the
highest dignity indeed, but one that
Involves great responsibility and sor
row. This office was greater than any
given to either man or angel.
She was associated in his work. She
stopped him at the age of 12 when he
said he must be about his Father's
work. She caused him to resume it at
the marriage feast in Cana, at GaH
lee, where he worked his first miracle
at her prayer. She was associated in
his passion. Simeon bound son and
mother in a common bond of suffering
and she followed him along the dolo
rous road that led to Calvary, and
etood beneath the cross. Why was
Mary there? What mother ever goes
to the execution of her son? Here
was some design of God. some mystery
of his love to be carried out.
Our Lord had been conceived and
born without detriment to her virgin
ity, without pain or labor. God lays
upon her the full law of maternity ,
that "in labor and sorrow she shall
bring forth children."
Unbinding of Lazarus.
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church preached to his con
gregation last night on "The Unbinding
of Lazarus." In part he said:
God never does directly what he can
do through others. Ht^ might have
furnished Noah with a complete ocean
steamer, but he did not. He let the
patriarch hammer away at the ark
through a century, but he did furnish
him with the length, the breadth and
the height, because there was no skill
In him to discover these.
"Roll ye away the stone," said Jesus
to his disciples; not because he could
not himself have done it. but he would
enlist their Bervice. "Loose him and
let him go." he said. He could him
self have unwound the bandages, but
that is not his way of doing things.
He is saving the world through ua.
His word to every one of his follow
ers is: "Lend a hand. Loose them
and let them go." The great eman
cipator speaks. Unbind the cerements!
This Is practical "Altruism."
DR. STEBBINS IS
HONORED BY HIS
CONGREGATION
Thirty-Fifth Year of
His Pastorate.
RECEIVES A FINE TESTIMONIAL
IT IS ACCOMPANIED BY A VERY
HANDSOME CHECK.
The Popular Divine Preaches the An
niversary Sermon, and Both
He and His Flock Are
Visibly Affected.
The Rev. Horatio Stebbins, D.D., cele
brated the thirty-fifth anniversary of his
pastorate of the First Unitarian Church
yesterday morning in the church edifice
on the corner of Geary and Franklin
streets. Dr. Stebbins presiued at the ser
vices and preached the anniversary ser
mon. This was the second time that he
had occupied the pulpit since his recent
illness, from which he has happily recov
ered. '
A feature of the occasion was the pre
sentation to Dr. Stebbins of a beautifully
engrossed testimonial, accompanied by a
check for $2000. The testimonial was
signed by over 300 members of the con
gregation, to which the distinguished prel
ate has endeared himself throughout the
many years of his ministration. Many of
the assemblage were visibly affected
when the recipient responded in a feel
ing manner. He also found it difficult to
control his own feelings, and there were
few dry eyes in the congregation.
The Rev. A. J. VVelis assisted at the
services, and in his prayer gave thanks
that the pastor of the First Church had
been spared to continue his influence
among the members of his flock.
In his sermon Dr. Stebbins referred to
the wondrous changes thai have occurred
during the past fifty years, and which
included some of the greatest achieve
ments of man on the earth.
"Few of you," he said, "remember the
origin of the First Unitarian Church,
nearly half a century ago. Forty-seven
years ago your committee requested me
to become your pastor. Of that commit
tee only one is prt-^ent. John Perry Jr.,
whose heart is as young as his years are
venerable. I did not accept the call
then, but twelve years later, when hearts
were weeping at the death of one whose
name will ever be revered, I became your
pastor to succeed him.
"I myseif would not clothe this day,
with so much importance, for it is as the
flash of candle light amid the splendors
of the sun. Suffice it to say, however,
that in the kindliness of your spirit you
would deign to honor it as you see fit.
This church has stood for the great prin
ciples of freedom and independence. It
shall ever be the guardian of Protestant
ism and republican liberty. Its prosper
ity has been steady going. Its pastor has
never— and I ask pardon for it—endeavor
ed to get up a sensation. Its friendships
have been lasting, and the" association of
itn members has b^en an influence for
good. Religion is the great sentiment of
human nature, and puts in action thfe
richest sources of human experiences."
Dr. Stebbins referred to the influence of
the good men who had passed to the
great beyond, and concluded by blessing
his congregation.
Moderator Frank J. Symmes then ad
dressed Dr. Stebbins. saying that those
under his charge had thought it proper
to present him with a testimonial of the
high regard they entertained for him and
as a slight expression of their love and
affection. The testimonial was then read
by Mrs. Isidore Burns, and. after Dr.
Stebbins had responded, he received the
congratulations of many of the congre
gation.
Jonah, the Prophet, Discussed.
Rev. William Rader discoursed on
"The Gospel of Jonah" before the congre
gation of the Third Congregational
Church last night, i.c explained who
Jonah was, dwelt on his disobedience and
told of his visit to Nineveh and the work
he accomplished there as an Evangelist.
In discussing the prophet the speaker
said, in part:
"We learn how foolish is diso
bedience. God crosses our path with
storms, our ships creak and strain in
the stress of contrary winds. Jonah
was not a good prophet, or, if he was,
he was not a high type of a man. He
was not great as was Elijah or Isaiah
or Moses. It was his duty to go to
Nineveh, as clearly as it was Dewey's
to enter the harbor of Manila, or the
Americans intrenched on Bunker Hill
to pull their musket triggers when
they saw the eyes of fhe redcoats.
"We learn that the end $f law is not
punishment, but to make people bet
ter. Punishment Is never an end with
God. Contrast this purpose with that
of tfie Dreyfus iudges. who have suc
ceeded in making the impression that
they endeavored to find grounds for
puninshment instead of vindication;
that they tried to excuse their ven
geance rather than to establish jus
tice."
Officers' Night at the Orpheum.
This will be officers' night at the Or
pheum. and as the guests of the citizens'
executive committee, 160 of the Idaho,
Minnesota and Dakota commissioned offi
cers will attend the performance. The
shoulder-strap veterans have been pro
vided with boxes by the management.
DEDICATION OF A
NEW SEPHER TORAH
CEREMONIES AT THE NEVAH
ZEDECK SYNAGOGUE.
Dr. Isidor Myers Delivers an Ad
dress — Congregation Inscribes
the First and Last
Verses.
The dedication of a new Sepher Torah,
or Book of the Law, took place yesterday
afternoon at the Congregation Nevah Ze
deck, on Mission street. The Torah,
which Is in the form of a parchment
scroll, was recently written by B. Gold
man, a scribe, in Europe, and broug-ht to
this city, where it was raffled and do
nated by the winner to the congregation.
The ceremonies of the dedication consist
ed of an address by Dr. Isidor Myers of
the Bush-street synagogue and selections
by the Hebrew Orphan Asylum band.
The first and last verses of the sacred
scroll had been left unfinished by the orig
inal scribe, and It became the duty of the
members of the congregation to fill In the
required letters of the verses, and this
privilege was acquired yesterday after
noon by purchase. M. Rapkin acted as
auctioneer, and succeeded in collecting
quite a sum. which will go to the benefit
of the congregation. After the inscription
of the verses had been completed the
Torah was deposited In the ark in which
reposes several other sacred scrolls.
In his address Dr. Myers said: "It is
in accordance with an ancient Jewish cus
tom that we are assembled here to finish
the inscribing of the Torah. The Torah
was given to all Israel, and its crown 13
greater than that of the priesthood or
royalty. Every Israelite can take tho
crown of the Torah and put It on his own
brow. It Is a sacred heritage handed
down from generation to generation. It
Is your best friend, and has at all times
been the safeguard of Israel." Dr. My
ers referred to the sentence of Dreyfus,
which he characterized aa the greatest
tragedy of the age.
"The fate of one man." he said, "de
cides your fate and the fate of every Jew
in the universe. It is the case of an indi
vidual unjustly condemned through the
hatred of the pagan spirit that is still
rampant in the world. France is not the
only country where bigotry condemns the
unfortunate to suffering. There are other
places equally as intolerant."
Dr. Myers concluded by exhorting his
hearers "ever to remain steadfast to their
Torah. which was an antidote for all the
evil passions to which man is heir.
DR. COYLE ON FRANCE
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— "France, in the
judgment of many, is trembling on the
verge of national collapse; and, from the
decision in the Dreyfus affair yesterday,
one is tempted to say that she deserves to
collapse."
The foregoing words were uttered to
day by Rev. Dr. Robert F. Coyle, pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church, in the
course of a sermon entitled "Waiting for
Christ."
Dr. Coyle has but recently returned
from a four months' tour through Eng
land, France and Europe generally, and
was briefly commenting in to-day s ser
mon on the present spasm of war that, he
said, seems to have seized almost every
nation. It was his first sermon since his
departure last May. and he was greeted
with an overwhelming attendance.
.•♦ ■ 1
May Be a Wreck — Looks Like a Hoax.
OAKLAND. S<?pt. 10.— A bottle of an
Oakland soda water company was picked
up on the beach near Shell Mound Park
th:.- evening containing a note reading:
"We are wrecked on a little Island.
Land is nowhere. We are all out of pro
visions. Dlease send aid at once." The
signature" is dimmed, but the capital let
ters "\V S. F. V." are quite distinct.
The bottle and its strange message were
turned over to Chief of Police Hodgkins,
wh" inclines to the belief that it may all
be a h< is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Barnard Thanks
MRS. PINKHAM FOR HEALTH-
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM XO. 13.9«]
'• Dear Friend — I feel it my duty to
express my gratitude and thanks to
you for what your medicine has done
I for me. I was very miserable and los-
i ing flesh very fast, had bladder trouble.
I fluttering pains about the heart and
; would get so dizzy and suffered with
painful menstruation. I was reading
in a paper about Lydia E. Pinkham"s
Vegetable Compound, so I wrote to you
and after taking two bottles I felt like a
: new person. Your Vegetable Compound
I has entirely cured ire and I cannot
' praise it enough." — Mrs. J. O. Barxabd,
Milltow>-, Washington- Co., Me.
An low* Woman's Convincing Statement.
"I tried three doctors, and the last
one said nothing but an operation
1 would help me. My trouble was pro-
fuse flowing: sometimes I would think
: I would flow to death. I was so weak
that the least work would tire me.
i Readies?- of so many being cured by
i ycur medicine, I made up my mind to
I write to you for advice, and I am so
, glad that I did. I took Lyd ; a E. Pink-
j ham's Vegetable Compound and Liver
■ Pills and followed your directions, and
am now well and strong. I shall recom-
mend your medicine to all, for it saved
my life." — Miss A. P., Box 21 Abbott,
lowa.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.
DR. MEYERS A CO. have the largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical Institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
Ni^^v ELECTRIC BELTS,
Prices from » 60 to
A* ' • *^^^ft }:s Largest maao-
K^N\ ' i N . * V, '_\CsJ : > rers In the Unl-
HHi nltllW^fe^LiMaJlJ ffW *.ed States. No Quacks
TS»eaHWaaI^ESKJI connected with this
0 (VV«n!r/>cL- •^Ji'\ establishment.
/rVSJa^er 'A N « s t a r or particular*
call or send 2c In
*jT*« t tamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Oppoalt* Palace Hotel. 3. F.
AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
'SEE THE SPINNING WHEEL AND THE
ANTIQUE NEW ENGLAND FIRE-PLACE.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY IN ACTION.
MORRO CASTLE IN MINIATURE.
TUESDAY NIGHT SOLDIERS' NIGHT
All Soldiers In Uniform Admitted Free on this
Occasion.
ALICE RAYMOND, the World's Famous
Cornet Soloist, plays every afternoon and
evening. • ■
DOUBLE SEASON TICKETS $5 00
. (To members half price.)
SINGLE ADMISSION 2» cents
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE, GRANT 33.
HEBENBAUM
9 222-224 SUTTER STREET. •
i SPECIAL REDUCTIONS f
• 0
• Monday—Tuesday — Wednesday I
! ' ©
0 Our "Special" Sales are com- I
| prised of "staple" goods known to •
0 everybody, and mean a "saving" L
| to the buyer. •
0 It pays you to examine prices and £
| quality.
0 We guarantee every article. •
• Port and Sherry 5 bots $1 a
1 "Crown" brand. Owing to the In- ik
9 crease In prices on all sweet wines w
i • this sale is apt to be the last "spe- I
0 cial" sale of this wine. Buy now. 0
f >l' -' Value 33c bottle. I
• W.fl.s!cßrayerbotsUs,gals4s9a
4* Made in I' 4 1?. The highest standard X
• of all Bourbon "Whiskies. Regular •
I $1 50 bottle; gallon $6. I
• Ginger Ale doz^n $1.35 •
0 "Schwepp's" imported.; also Club A
. Soda and Sarsaparilia. Regular JIB 7
X and $1 SO. I
• Wood Alcohol qt bt 35c, gal $1.25 •
a For burning only. Regular bottle A
! *sc; gallon $1 60. J
• Macaroni 12|c 1b •
: 0 Finest imported. Vermicelli and Spa- T'
I ghettl. Regular 13c. 0
• Pineapple 25c can <
' "Hawaiian"; finest flavor, sliced or a
# whole. Regular 30c. 1
1 Castile Soap 50c #
T "'Contis' " Italian, white, recognized 0
I the best the world over. Regular 60c 7
° Parisienne Soap bar We •
A Transparent Glycerine; softens the X
T skin. ' 9
a Acorn Coffee 25c pkg •
I (Eichel Kaffee.) Just received from I
0 Germany. Recommended by such tt
T medical authorities by such 0
high medical authorities as Hahne- j
mann. Paracelsus, Father Knelpp, X
• etc., for torpid liver, dyspepsia, etc •
T^m^^^ Household Scale a
' m. I-' — v -IB No more than 50 a: A
™ fc $ -«■ Guaranteed ac«u- V
V"- ■ 9m9 Ouara.r:teed accti- I
1 Bin^a^^S^. Weighs up to 24 I
' jJB/t, HI pounds.
0 Regularly j: 25. #
• D asters 19c and 15c •
| French. Two sizes for bric-a-brac |
0 Regularly 15c and 23c. 0
I TfniDC "CALLE DE ORO PERFEC- |
0 Will An TO." Clear Hava Key West. 0
i 25 in box. Being a little overstocked ,
I on this packing we offer a small I
0 quantity at 92 ."JO. Regular S3. m
, Write for September 52-page cat*- i
X logue. X
• Country orders solicited. w
♦-•-•-a • • a a a-a-a
AMUSEMENTS.
BACHELOR CLUB. WHITE AND HARRIS
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN
BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
ARNOLD GRAZIER AND LA PETITE
HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. 25c: balcony. 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GALA WEEK OF THE
GRANw OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT
"LOHENGRIN."
Presented With a Superb Cast, Enlarged
Orchestra and Chorus.
"Lohengrin" Repeated Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday Evenings.
SPECIAL* ANNOUNCEMENT.
First Production in the World at Popular
-x.-. -* Prices of Verdi's
"OTHELLO."
Tuesday. Thursday, Sunday Nights and
Saturday Matinee. V » -
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 cents
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS, BUSH 9.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Adgie and Her Lions
AND MOVING PICTURES.
Showing Scenes on the Firing Line in the
Philippines.
AN OPEN-AIR ATTRACTION!
HARMON AND SEABURY,
Champion High Divers of the World.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
THIS EVENING,
SPLENDID PRODUCTION cf Yon Suppe'B
famous comic opera.
"FATIITZA."
USUAL PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Best reserved seat at Saturday matinee, 25c
Branch ticket office. Emporium.
ALCAZAR 5555'
TO-NIGHT An^e E
THE STERLING DRAMA.
THE WAGES
OF SIM.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next— TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
CONCERTS AND AESOKTB.
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 A. M. TO II P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10 -JO P. M.
ADMISSION, 15c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 25; Children. Me.
56
COOOOOOOOOC
O
I Itiest
CLAIRS PROVES
THE GREATEST
OFGREYHOUNDS
Dogs of That Blood Win the First
Three Prizes in the Valuable
Produce Stake.
Tho California Produce stake, one of
the most valuable ever run for by Amcrl
i ;ui greyhounds; was won at Union Cours
ing ... lerday by what leaahmeh
rail familiarly the ' 'Intra." Four young
dogs, by St. ( 'lair-Russell's Nancy, were
entered for the stake by Russell, Allen
.>;• Wilson of Indiana- Three of Hum re
mained to th end. defeating the best the
kennels of California could contribute.
Recording Angel, the representative of
,1,,. Paaha Kennels; us the Idol of those
who followed the fortunes of the dogs
throughout ill- man) rounda of the stake.
She Is only ten months old, but little
more than half the age of the Clair -. and
yet she worked her triumphant way Into
fourth place- In tho third round she had
a : evero course; which took from her any
chance she might have had for the stake.
She was beaten In the next to the last
round by Daisy Clair. : he latter led up
u'h'd did* all th" work.
The longest course of the day was won
bv 1> Ersklne's Lavender. lie Aral had
„ n ■•undecided',' with it. 10. de B. L ipea
s' Anthony, each s.orliiK eleven point -
The next time '"it they ran for over three
minutes Lavender scoring fifty-four
points t" "' r opponent's slxfon. She was
then withdrawn from the stake. , , ■ i
F. A. McComb'a Bonnie Scotland died
a ~ . * . *.♦•♦« ♦ •♦«♦•
of exhaustion on the field. He ran an
"undecided with Young America and
was Bent back to the slips again. After
tho second hare was killed the <log fell on
tin- Held and died almost Immediately.
Conqueror won thi Open stake, with
Crawford Lad runner up. The sport was
high class throughout, the dogs being
well matched. Favorites won with un
failing regularity, only eight short-enders
raising H;iks. The proceedings were en
livened with music. The results follow:
California Produce Make— R. 12. de B. Lopec'i
Whitehead bout A. Johnson* Bald Eagle; J.
H. i, -..■.-, Reoonllnu Angel beat J. II
PerlfO'a Lady Davenport; Douglas F.r.«klne's
Lavender iwnt N. P. WhitlnO St. Anthony:
t'urtls \- Son's Cash bent J. H. Rosseter's
. Hlsky A tt-inpt ; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
l>;ilsy cinir best J. H. Roster's Royal Ann:
P. McCatM'a Sky Mine beat R. L. Taylor's
Torment; Curtis * Son's Beacon bent R. K.
Malcom'a Athena: D. J. Healey'a Ijidy < "l.iv«»
beat C. c. Qriawold'a Master Workman ; Rut
*pll, Allen & Wilton's Muter 'lair l>eat J.
11. Rosaeter'a Random Aim; D. J. Healeys
Maggie N boat Curtis A Sun's Narcissus;
Russell. Allen <t Wilson's Relle Clair beat
T. Barre'a Walt » Kit; D. J. Henley's Amarosa
I'i'iit 1". McCabe'a I'rnlß Boy; Curtis ...
\'u!i-:ui bout It. V:. !le B. U i sat Wanda: .V.
V. Whlllng'a Minneola beat J. 11. Terlßo's
H'lm: H. Crlnßle's Honor Bright n bye
Second r.Min.J — Revonlina: Anpel l>eat Whlte
haadi Ca»h a bye; Daisy Olalr beat Sky BIu«
Beacon Iw-at Uudy Clare; Master I'lnlr beat
Mamie N: Hell'> Clair boat Amarosn; Honor
Brlstit bent Vulcan; Mlnnoola a bye.
Third round— Recording \-;«r! beat Cash:
Daisy Clair bent Beacon: Master Clair in .it
Minneola; B< v l!e Clair beat Honor Bright.
Fourth rouml— RusuMl, Allen A Wilson's
Daisy Clnlr beat ReiY.r.llnn Anuel anil divided
r.rst, a#cond and third monoy, j«SO. with Mas
ter <"'.:<;r and Belle Clair.
Open stake: Flr«t round — O. J. Panarlo's
Ol,i Clory beat E, F. P&Mon'a Merry Maiden;
George Shannan'a Wnit a V".;!.- beat I*. J.
Mclnerney'a Tommy Rex: H. P. Anderson's
Crawford Lad beat Handy A Smith Jennie
Wilson: J. Cinnell's Lor Hoy b^*t H. K. An
drrson's Crawf.rd Braes: I*. J. RrUl'-'F Plow
Boy brat J. P. Thrift's Forget; T. J. Harring
ton's BMU Peep beat F. A. McComb'a Little
Jokor: Pasha Kennels' Km.n I'ayha beat .1.
Sheridan's •■:•■•; M. AbcrcromMe's
Victor KlnK beat Krm-st Adam?" St. Qtrtrudej
Vn.«ha Kennels' Mctnlllo beat R. i. Taylor's
Mose: J. •v ••£..:>.« Conqueror beat J. IVn
nls' October Woodcock: J. O'Shea's Tohdi
America beat Lowe & Tht nipron's l'rlnce Hal;
F A MoComb'n Bonnie Scotland beat Handy
A Smith's Ma«lc: P. J. Reilly's Warship »>eat
II a Deckelman'i Pet Klrby; J. P. Thrifts
Unit us heat J. Connall'a .Senorlta; Handy A
Smith's Pctnnlus beat A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty It. E. <le H. Lopez's Rochester beat
Kd Kvatts Hurricane. ZJ.^'l,
Second round— Wait a Little beat Old (.lrr\
Crawford Lad beat Lok Hoy: Plow Boy beat
Beau Peep: Kmln Pasha bmt Victor Klnp;
CoßQUeror' l*at Metallic; Tounsr America beat
Bonnie Scotland: Brutus b?at Warship; Pctron
ius beat Rtn'hester.
Third round Crawford Lad beat Walt a t.'t
t!e- Plow Boy beat Emln Pasha; Conqueror
l»at Young America: Brutus beat Petronlus.
Fourth round— Crawford Lad beat Plow
Boy; Conqueror beat Brutus.
Final— Conqueror b?nt Crawford Lad.
CONNEMARA WINS AGAIN.
A Good Day for Coursing at the
Ingleside Park.
Connemara won handily the champion
■ia*« j csttrday at the In^leside Court-
jCateat Zftecorcta 7/fade in the 3*telci of Sport
Ing Park. The non-winners' stake was
won by Silent Treasure. The attendance
at the park was large and the Sport good.
The results of the day were as follows:
Non-wlnnert' stake, first round— .l. O'Dowd's
Shootover be* l J. Jones' .Moonlight: .1. Moonry'H
Silent Treasure beat Kay >v Tntiu'H Eclipse; J.
Farley's Cash Day beat J. H. KounlnK'n Kerry
(low; J. Byrne* 1 Olympus beat J. Llnidshaw'a
ii •! Dell; W. 11. Lord's Revolver beat a. Van
den Hurßh'c American Rhklp; T. Logan's Mlps
Grizzle Deal T. C. Flynn's Hicks; I). Shannon's
PAfeguard beat 1". Brown" ■ Sweet Urtar; T.
Finning' ■ Babe Murphy beat Handy & Smith's
hndy Hiiro; George liurfelnd's Pastime bent I).
Fora* Anita; T. J. McHuch'i Maid of th«
Mill u.;it Locker ana Lyons' Moloch; J. I.
DHrlen'a Statesman b*at E. M. KelloKK'fl Lady
Ollmore; Handy & Smith's victor bent A. Oh
inrver'H Lord ttcattweaab ; .1. Keenan's Royal
Buck Deal A. UaMey's Hadiwist; P. M. (,'lark
son'a Black iiuv\k beat Terry Kerwla'i r^ndy
(.JariK'tt; W. c. Qtaason'a Border's Valentine
beat M. Qlynn'a Richmond Maid; ,1. Hymen'
ISlaVtn Spot bent .lames McCormnck'B While
Tip: Low* A Thompson's Flora McDonald beat
\V. ii. Jones' Prince Jerome; Handy £■ Smith' i
Free and Easy beat Cortaery \- Hore'H i>"ugia«;
Murphy & Tolatld's Tea ROM bent D, Ford's
Bnnlta; \V. H. Jones' Lady Marlon beat Moran
ft O'Ncll'a Irene It; M. Ulchalek' Olenroy beat
]•. Helllys Expense: M. B. Kavanaa-h> Hwed
|gh bent Curtis .'-■ Son's Commodore; A. Oh
meyei <• Oc-identnl i«>nt J. Quane's Marlftta;
11. a. Deckelman'a Prince George beat W. C.
U!n.«"'n'F Terronlte.
Second round Silent Trensure bent Shoot
nver; i ,-'i Day bent Olympus: Revolver beat
Ml«s Orlule: Safeguard beat Babe Murphy;
Maid of the Hill beat Pastime; Bt«te»man ran
n bye; m«ck Hawk bent Roj-ai Duck; Eleven-
Spot boat Border's Valentine: Flora MoPonaJd
bent Fp>e and l'ncy; Tea Hose beat I-<i<ly Ma
rlnn; Olenroy beat Bwedlnh; Prince Qenrpe ljeat
Occidental.
Third round Rllent Trensure beat Cnsh Day;
Revolver boat Safeguard; Btatenman bent Maid
nf the Hill; Eleven B]>ol beat Hiiu-K Hawk; Tea
Rom l^at Flora McDonald; Olenroy bent
Prime Georse.
Fourth round Pllent Treasure i>eat Revolver;
Statesman bent Eleven Spot; Olonroy beat Tea
Hore.
Fifth round-Silent Treasure bent Statesman;
Glcnroy rnn n bye.
Final Silent Treasure beat Qlenroy.
Champion take, first r'iunil--.lnmes IVani's
',iiin.-i;nn beat H. A. Dtvkelmnn's Lawrence;
Handy & Smith's Twin City Qlrl beat T. .1
Cronln'a wild Traleo; Curtis & Bon'i Luxor
Lent Allen a Wilson's Lady ii' • del E. M.
Kellntrg-'i Kid McCoy beat T. J. Cronln's
rhornhlll.
Second round— Ponnemarn beat Twin city
Ulrl: LUXOr beat KM McCoy.
Final— Conn^niHrn boat Luxor.
. « ■
YACHTSMEN CRUISE
Ap iioii<- of the yachts of the s.m Fran
cis.%. Club, except H. R. Slmpkins' IN
ir:ii. were entered for the Admission day
FAMILIAR FAGES SEEN AT COURSING MEETINGS.
The running of the Produoe stake at Union Coursing Park yesterday attract
ed many men who make It a point to see every important stake competed for on
this cast. They formed many pr.<ups during the day and discussed the work of
the wonderful <"!alrs and Recording Angel.
regatta Commodore Hill decided to
a cruise i" Napa, The sloops Thetis.
Juanita and we're Here and the yawl ;
Phyllis accompanied the flagship Cygnus.
A start was made from SausaJito last
Friday evening and Vallejo was made
that night. The "Phyllis did not proceed
nny further. The others made Napa be
tween l .nul 2 o'clock on Baturdaj after
noon. When the launch America and the j
auxiliary schooner outing, which had left
lito In the morning, Joined the fleet '
Early yesterday morning tho launch |
America towed the yachts to Vallejo, I
whence they sailed home, making a stay
"f an hour at Point Pinole. A strong j
l>r*-. 7.>< was encountered off Marln Island.
The stiff, squally winds of yesterday
d thi- schooner Aggie, which has
lying at the Lurllne's mooringi
Old Sausailto, to snap her cabh and drift
;,w:i> j';i^i the Farragut. Her keeper was
soon out after her. and dropping an
anchor stopped her before any dai
was done.
The sloop Will o' the Wisp, with George
T. s. White J. M. Punnett, P. A. Crump
and C. Alexander, sailed to McNeara
landing on Saturday, returning to Snusa
llto 1" W, Hopkins' steam
yacht El Prlmero went Into commission
last Tuesday and ts lylnK >o the north of
the Bausaiito ferry slip.
There will be a meeting to-day of the
regatta committees of the Ban Francisco
ami Corinthian Yacht clubs to discuss
the challenge recently Issued for the I'er
petuaJ Challenge cup and decide on a
date for the race between the challenger
and d< fender. The race nuist take |
according to the deed of jxift. not later
than s< ptember 30;
JOE PATCHEN SOLD FOR
TWENTY THOUSAND
Famous Racehorse Changes Hands.
His Present Owner Being
Senator McCarthy.
JOHNSTOWN, Pa.. Sept. 10- H. ,Y.
Haw* of this city has sold t.ie famous
racer, Joe Patchen. to Senator McCarthy
of Ooshen. N. Y. Hawes paid about $20,
--000 for Patchen a few weeks ago in Cleve
land, Ohio. It is understood the price
paid by Senator McCarthy, whose check
arrive.l to-day, was i;: excess of what
Hawes paid. Mr. n.<wes says that Sena
tor McCarthy will put Patchen on his
stock farm, near Qoshen. This may mean
Patchen's retirement from the racetrack.
■ m «
Stmday's Hnudbnll at Ryan's
The play was above the average at PhJl
Ryan's handball court. SSB Howard
st'reot. yesterday afternoon. The games
won and lost were as follows:
E. Antron and J. Sharp defeated H. Mc-
Nevln and O. -■■•■ Score: 21 — 19. 21—
1?— SI.
P. Tully and E. Van Wynen defeated - Tom
Cronln and R. 1 ' Inn. Score: 11—19, IS— II,
Sl— lo.
Single-handed (tame— Ken Clements asaln
demonstrated his ability to defeat W. Ha«*<>ii
three straight Ramos. Score: II— IS. 21—19,
Si— 4.
O. McDonald and H. Racoullat defeated I.
Cnrralne. anil T. Talo. Score: SI— S. »-:i,
Sl— l2.
J. Clifford (late of Australia) and M. J.
Mack defeated 11. O'Reilly and T. Cllne. Score:
51-15. S— ;j. £I—ll.
W. H. Sieberst and W. H. Kedlan defeated
D. J. Shwhan and E. MeDonough. Score:
81—16, 12-21. SI-IT.
J Condon and K. Antron de'»atM R«n
Clements and G. Collins. Score: 11—10, IT—
21— IS.
Single-handed frame— A. Whlterr.an. the bny
champion of 11 y>ar*. has defeated Bob RepU.
Bus«n« White, T. B«rr««, and yesterday he b««t
Fred Smith, all boys of his own ny. which
make* him champion Of the boy«. # Score: Sl— 4,
2i-i9, s:-n.
M. J. Ktlfallon and R. Linehan defeated J.
Rlordnn and J. Whit*. Sere: II— 1«, 17 — Si.
:i-». - . . .. . . . •:.■ . ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
SENATORS WON A
VICTORY IN THE
ELEVENTH INNING
Locals Play in Hard Luck and Lose
Two Games to the Sacra
mento Aggregation.
Sacramento 3, San Francisco 2.
Eleven innings.
Uncle Henry Harris, manager of the
San Francisco*, is do longer a believer In
■igna. When his aggregation of players
defeated the Capital City representatives
Saturday last he grew happy In the belief
that the hoodoo hanging over his team
had vanished. This fond Illusion was
dispelled yesterday afternoon when the
Sacramentos left the Recreation grounds
with another victory In their keeping, and
now your Uncle Is around town hunting
lucky charms.
Both teams struggled for eleven Innings
tor supremacy, During that period five
1 thousand enthusiasts howled and stamped [
for their favorite team. Victory hung in
the balance after the ninth inning. In the.
eleventh the weight of one run settled the
game.
The meeting of the leaders in the race
for the pennant was expected to prove ox
citing but the "fans" had not counted on
the contest going more than nine innings.
AS Inning followed Inning the excitement
grew intense and when Sacramento scored
the winning run the noise was Incessant.
it would have been greater In volume had
the home team won, as they had a larger
following In the grounds.
The game started off auspiciously for
Pan Francisco. HrockhotT and Hildcr
brandt, the tlrst men up, scored In quick
succession, but try as It would the local
team could not land another tally. Sac
ramento gained one in the third, tied th^
score in the seventh and then there was
a battle royal.
In the eighth Sacramento would have
added a tally but for n brilliant catch
made by Dr. Pyno. There were two men
out and Dennis was on the third cushion. ■
"Truck" Bagan, one of the heaviest but
ter.s in the team, was up and after wait-
Ing for one of Iberg's shoots, lifted the
sphere over second. Pyne saw It coming
and putting on a spurt got under the ball
and the' Frisco followers breathed easier.
In the ninth Sacramento made three
hits and had three men on bases, but good
. fielding prolonged the agony. Neither
team did anything in the tenth.
When Frisco went to the bat in the
i eleventh Swindells led oft with a single
i past third, Rlley made a Herculean effort
, to lose the ball, but struck out: Pyne flew ;
' out and Iberg, as usual, followed Rlley's
example. Stanley reached first for ; Sac
ramento because Sullivan dropped a dif
ficult ball thrown by Rroeknoff. Doyle
forced him at second a moment later, ,
Bbanahan singled to center and Stultz •
flew to Krug. With two out and two men
on bases; hard-hitting Sheehan drove one '
to right and Doyle beat the ball home,
ending the game.
Sacramento had no trouble locating
[berg's curves. They lined out ten hits
and as many more that were landed by
the excellent fielding- of the local nine.
Sullivan's work at first was of high order
Bheehan distinguished himself at third
as did also Rlley. Following is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BroekhofF. • a. « 5 1 1 2 3 9 j'
Hllderbrandt. r. f...» 1 0 l 1 0 0 .
Knic. lb 5 0 114 3 0
[ Sullivan, lb 4 0 0 0 15 0 1
I Courtney, 1. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Swindell*, c . > 0 10 2 11
: Rtley. 3b 5 0 0 0 2 10
Pyne. c. t 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
• Ibrr*. p 4 0 0 0 0 S 0
Totals SS 2 4 4 32 17 ~4
' SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. nil. SB. PO. A. E
Mrlviuithlln. 1. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
: Harvey, c. f 5 0 0 0 10 0 !
Kacrnn, s. s 5 0 1 0 1 6 1 !
Stanley, c 5 0 0 0 5 10 j
Doyle, p 5 2 I 1 0 6 0
Shannhnn. lb 4 0 2 0 1* 0 1
Stultz, 2b 5 0 0 0 6 8 1
Sheehnn. Sb 5 13 0 16 1
Derate, r. f .4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Totals 42 3 10 1 S3 19 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
'. Snn Francisco 2 000000000 0 2
Base hits l 001000100 I—4
, Sacramento 0 010 001000 1—
Base bits 1 021000130 I— lo
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— lb<>rs. Two-base hits—
McLa-ughlln. Sacrifice. hits— lber*. "Shanahan,
KcCaufhlln. Hllderbrnndt. First base on errors
; —San Francisco 3. Sacramento 3. First base on
: called balls— San Francisco 3.' Left on bases—
Baa Frnnclsco 10. Sacramento 9. Struck out—
By ore 3. by Doyle 4. Hit by pitcher— Sulli
van, nouble plays— Eajr&n to Stulti to Shana
hnn: Rlley to Sullivan. Time of grame— 2 hours.
Umpire — Jack 0"Connell. Official Scorer— J. w
St.ij>leton.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 10. San Francisco 4.
"Fireman" Fitz's spirit was subdued by
the Senators yesterday morning at Oak
land. His shoots, which have so long
! puzzled the Capital City team, were
: solved before the game was half over,
, and the way they hammered the sphere
around the lot gave Fitipatrick a tired
feeling and caused Uncle Henry to put
crape on his hat. Eighteen swats were
made in half that number of innings by
the visitors, and the local team had a
merry time chasing three-baggers, two
i baggers and singles, many of which were
i converted into tallies.
The San Francisco?" husky t wirier was
decidedly not in it at any stage of the
game. Ho lacked his usual speed, was
erratic, and had no control of the ball.
In his effort to put the sphere over the
plate he slackened up in his work, and
jas a result was touched up hard and
t often. It was rather a sad performance
on his part, made doubly so by reason of
the fact that the men behind him backed
him in fine Style. . ...
The local aggregation were in - nigh
fettle In the early part of the game, as
they had a slight lead, but when the
fourth inning arrived, with its six tallies
for the Senators their hopes dwindled
perceptibly. Shanahan led off in that in
ning with a home-run crack over the lett
field fence. Stultz was Riven a base on
balls, but was forced out at second by
Sheehan's bunt. Dennle followed with a
scratch hit, and Mclaughlin made the two
out. It wan then that auburn-haired
Harvey swung his bat and landed the ball
far out in the center garden for a triple,
scoring his team mates and creating all
kinds of enthusiasm. "Fit*" became even
more demoralized, "and pitched balls that
waltzed up to the plate as big as life. I
There were cries for Xberg, but he was not j
! Bent to the rescue. ■ Sacramento con
i tinued the good work until six runs
I were recorded, when Uncle .Henry
shifted the other foot and the side I
was retired. Try as they would, the |
San Franciscos could only decrease
the lead with a lone tally, gained in the
sixth by Krug. He readied ilrst on a
slow bunt, took third on Sullivan's two
| bag-ger and scored on Courtney's sacri- j
fice.
Credit is due Swindells for his heroic
work behind the bat. Twice he received
"fingers" that brought blood, but he
stayed with the trouble. Harvey deserves
j the credit of the victory, a? he pitched a
splendid game. Stanley came to the bat
five times, had two strikes on four differ
ent times, and in each instance rapped out
a hit. Following is the score:
SAN' FRANCISCO.
AH. r. Mil. sb. po. A. B.
Brockhoff, s. s 4 110 4 6 2
i Hllderhrandt. rf .... 3 0 10 0 10
! KruK. 2b 4 10 0 6 8 0
Sullivan, ib 4 0 10 8 10 |
Courtney, If 4 12 0 3 0 0
: Swindells, c 4 0 C 0 110
Rlley, Sb 4 12 0 0 10
l'vne. cf 10 10 10 0
Fltspatrlck, p 4 0 0 0 l 3 0
Total 85 4 8 0 24 II 2
SACRAMENTO.
AH. R. i:n. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. If ...... 6 ! 3 1 0 0 0
Harvey, p. 5 1112 3 1
Eauan. t s 4 12 0 13 1
Stanley c 5 2 4 0 5 2 i
Doyle, cf 5 12 0 3 0 0
Hhnnahan. lb 4 2 I 0 9 10
Stultz. 21. 4 0 0 0 5 I 0
Sheehan, 3b 5 0 2 0 14 1 I
Deonle, rf I 12 0 0 0 0
Total* 4. 1 ? 10 18 2 *t 15 4
•Pyn« out for not touching third.
RUNS AM' HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 12 0001000—4
Base hits 2 20012100— 8 1
Sacramento 0ni60300 '—10
Base hits 2 0 16 2 3 2 1 •— IS
SUMMARY.
Run? responsible for— '^ltrputrlrk 9. Harvey
2. Home run Bhanahan Three-base hit—Har
vey. Two-base Bulllvan, Kncan. Doyle
<2). First base on errirs— San Frnnelsco 3.
Sacramento 2. First has- on called ball*— Ban
Francisco I, Sacrament" 3. Left on bases—
San Francisco 5. Sacrar 12. Struck out—
By Harvey 5. Time of run.- Two hours.
Umpire— Jack O'Connell Official scorer— J. w.
StaDleton.
Oakland Wi.is Easily
SANTA i'U\y., Sepl 10 Am uninterest- :
Inp game of baseball v as played here this
afternoon between the Oakland and Bants
Cruz teams. The visitors batted Andrews
OUt of ths box. Ho retired to right field
in the ilfth Inning, after ten runs had
been made. The scon
SANTA CRUZ
AB. R. DII. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. !b 5 0 0 0 3 5 2
Deverenux. p. A 3b. 4 0 10 0 0 1
Dalrymple, 1. f. &Sb I l 0 2 2 1 1
, Strleb. lb 4 2 0 0 9 0 0
Drennan. c. f 3 0 1 3 1 ft 0
, nark. 2b I 0 0 0 4 0 0
Morrow, c 8 0 0 0 3 0.1
Babbitt, s. ■ 4 0 1 P 2 R 1 1
Andrews, p. &r.f. 3 0 0 2 0 2 «
Totals 32 3 3 7 24 13 12
OAKLAND.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchlnoon, lb 6 2 3 0 4 If 0 i
Hammond, c I 4 2 S 10 1 0
Hardle. r f k . 5 3 2 10 0 0
, Franks. 2b..* 6 2 2 ft 3 2 l
! Dunleavy. c. 1 6 2 4 18 ft 0 j
Lange. 3r> 5 1 1 1 *-3 0 0 I
Schmeer. ■. 8 6 2 2 ft 2 0 1
, Moskiman. I. * I 2 1 ft 0 ft 0
Borcher», p 5 13 0 0 2 0
Bteffanl, Sb 0 0 0 0 i 0 0
Totals :<0 19 20 3 27 6 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0—
Bnse hits 1 10100000—3
Oakland 1 3 0 3 4 12 5 '-19
Base hits 2 112 3 13 I *-20
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Oakland 4. Two-base hits—
1 Hutchlnson, Franks, Schm<-M-. First base on
errors— Bants Cruz 1. Oakland 10. First base on
called balls-Santa Cruz 3 .Oakland 4. Loft on
base*— Santa Cruz 7. Oakland 10. Struck out—
By Andrews 1, by Borcnen s>. Hit by pitcher—
Drennan, Clark, Hardie. Double plays—Wil
-1 liams to Strleb: Williams to Babbitt to Strleb.
Inning! pitched By Andrew! 5. hits 7. runs 6;
by Devereaux, hits 13. runs 13. Time of game—
I "hours 10 minutes. Umpire— Official
Scorer— H. Flel»U
Complained of Unfairness.
OAKI.ANIV Sept. 10.— An excellent
gramo of baseball was played on the
Walsh & O'Brien baseball grounds this
aft« moon between the Ucesmans and the
Walsh & O'Hriens. The Heesmans left
the field in the ninth inning on account of
an alleged unfair decision by the um
pire The score stood at 9 to 9 when the
game ended. _
National Guardsmen Shoot.
ATiAMEDA. Srpt. 10.— The members of
Company O, N. G. C, held their regular
monthly shoot at the company's range at
Hi(?h street to-day. The following were
the pcores rrmde: lieutenant Wethen S3,
Lieutenant Mrl'onnell 40. Sergeant Horn
41 Sergeant Pordner --• Corporal Wesseil
», Corpora] Hinds 37. Corporal Perkins
SG Musician W, ssel 27. Privates Follrath
80, Keane 3,?. Prichard 36. Corporal Har
vey 28 Privates Anderson U, Relnhoel 2S.
Parker 15. Doyle 20. Blake 26. Morton 15,
Martinez 23. Lomax SS.
CINCINNATI WINS TWICE
In the First Game Defeats Cleveland
and Later Louisville.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. I* Pet
Brooklyn ....S4 37 .694 Plttsburg ....64 61 .512
Philadelphia 78 -IT .624 Chicago 65 62 .512
Il (4 !ton 74 4* .606; Louisville ...56 67 .453
Baltimore ...71 49 .592 (New Y0rk. ...52 72 .419
Cincinnati ...72 53 .576 WRPhlnßlon .42 79 .347
St. i/ouis ...TO M .655iClevelana ...19 112 .140
CINCINNATI, Sept. 10.— The Reds won both
games to-day. The first was called In the sev
enth to allow Cleveland to catch a train.
Louisville should have been shut out in the
second jrarr.e. Crawford, the new flelder, made
a splendid Impression. Attendance 7100. Score:
First (came—
aub»- R- H. E.
Cincinnati 1" D 1
Cleveland , 2 5 2
Batteries— Frlske and Pelt*; Colllflower and
McAllister. Umpire— Latham.
Second ftame —
Clubs- R- H. E.
Cincinnati 8 16 5
Louisville 7 IX 1
Batteries- Ha and Wood; Cunningham
and Zlmmer. Umpire — Latham.
_
BOXING CARNIVALS TO
BE HELD IN SIOUX CITY
Some of the Men Matched Are George
Kerwin. '"The Mystery." and
Jimmy Barry.
SIOUX CITY. lowa, Sept. 10.— This will
be a week of fun and frolic in Sioux City.
In addition to the carnival parades there
will be the best race meeting held In
Western lowa this year and two boxing
carnivals. Tommy White has completed
arrangements for his fistic carnival. The
card la as follows:
September George Kerwin. 'The
Mystery." and Pat Malloy.
September Jimmy Barry, 105-pound
bantam champion, and "Stg" Hart.
September 15— "Australian Billy" Mur
phy and Larry Gleason.
A rival organisation announces the fol
lowing fistic card:
September 14— Fred O'Neill and Bud
White. ■ ■ • " " •
September 15— Dick Green and George
Noler.
Entries for the race meet are pood and
some fast time is promised as the Wood
lawn Park track is very fast. The star
event on the card is the race between
Patchen and Gentry on Thursday for a
$3000 purse. . . - -
NAUMAN LEADS
ALL GUNMEN
AT THE TRAPS
Misses But Two Clay Disks at
the Big Shoot of Empire
Gun Club at Alameda.
A large attendance of gunmen and
spectators marked the closing day of the
Empire Gun Club's shoot at Alameda
Point. This practically brings to an end
a long and suceeßsful season for the trap
; shooters of this district. There were two
open events on the card In addition to
the .merchandise slioot. A special race at '
fifteen birds was added. Naufnan again !
carried off th*> honors, breaking sixty
: eight out of the Beventy day disks at ;
' which he shot. In the first event at
fifteen birds he divided with F. Feudner, !
! the complete scores being:
i La. Motte, 13; Freeman, v : Hnhson 11; r
12; KiiKlphiudt. 13; "Chestnut," 14; Fpuilner I.V
Nauman, 15; Webb, 14; Schultt, 13; Dr. Marker,
13; F. Feutincr. 15; Bekeart, 14; .Fusuins, 14;
M Lean, 4; Hyde, 11; Murdock, IS; Rohwer,
12; Jtnss. 14.
La Motte, Kaker, Webb and Schultz
divided iirst money, each breaking twenty
Straight. The scores were:
Bnglehardt,' lfi; Bekeart. 15; Justlns, 19; Mc-
Lean, 12; l.a Motte, 20; "Chestnut." 18; Hyde
t 18; Baker, : ; ": Murdock, 14; Freeman, 14; Hob
son, 1C; Bhleids, i- ; ; O. Feudner, 19; Nauman,
1H; Webb, M; Bchultl 20; Barker, 17; F
Feudner, 19; linns. 17; Klevesahl, 18; Fisher,
16; Rohwer, 17; Durst, IS.
The special event at fifteen birds was
won by Nauman with a clean score. The ,
complete score follows:
Hyde, B; Justtns, 9; Guyett, 9; La Motte, IS;
Bruns, 11; Barney, 14; Feudner 14; Nauman,
15; Webb, 13; Schultz, 14; Kark.-r, 11; F Feud
ner, IS; Ron, H; Durst, 9; Dr. Freeman, 8;
Debenham, IS; Bekeart, 12; Baker, S; Alden, 7;
Haver, 7; EngleharcU, 10; Olsen, 9; Klevesabl,
;, Mason, 12.
Hixty men faced the traps in the iner-
I chandise. The individual scores were:
Murdock. 18; Freeman, 13; Debenham, lfi;
Hule, 11; liobson, IS: KnKlehardt, 14: O. Keucl
:.m, 18; Nauman, IB; Webb, 17; Sohuitz, 2»;
Dr Marker, 19; F. Feudner 16; Forster 17;
sin. -Ms. 12; li.'ss. K. Frask, 16; Klevesahl,
1«; Fl»h.>r, 15; La Motte, IS; Lewis, 5; Walker,
11; "Chestnut," 15; Bekeart, IS; Justlns, 17;
Hyde, 16; Price, 13; Kiuney, 16: Bruns, 14;
Ireland, 16; Kerrlsun. 13; Baker, lh; G. W.
Freeman, 12; Durst, im; Andrus, 11; Parent, 13;
Jones, 12; Rohwer, 11: Mitchell, 10; I>..nnelly,
12; Wilson, 9; Hauor, 14: Seltler, 13; Frahm, 15;
Oere, 12; Bwales, 14; Judah, 11; Jellerson, 12;
Guyett, 3; Javete Jr., 10; Williams, 12; Alden,
7: Cornwall, 7; Thorn, U; Craig, U; Scott, lj;
Schlndel, 10; I'rfer, 4; Sweeney, 16; Grub!'. 12;
K.I lllsen. 15.
VISITING CRICKETERS WIN.
Santa Cruz Team Defeats Pacific
Eleven by a Good Margin.
The Santa Cruz eleven won another
game yesterday against a local cricket
team. On Saturday they defeated the
Alameda Club by 27 runs, and yesterday
they scored a victory over the Pacifies
by 50 runs. - »
George Theobald, captain of the Pa
cifies, won the toss from J. F. Coope,
j skipper of the visiting eleven, and sent
the Santa Cruz men to the wickets. Jen
kins and Sheath were quickly dis
missed, but Ritchie and Coope made a
good stand, Ritchie contributing 1 36 and
Coope 30. E. H. Hilton added 22 runs.
The Innings closed for 125 runs. Seven
Pacific bowlers were tried, the most suc
cessful being Slmmonds, who took 6
wickets for 40, and Casldy, who captured
I for 32.
None of the Pacific team made any
! serious resistance to the Santa Cruz
; bowling. Myers, G. Theobald and Musson
being the only men who scored double fig
ures. Sheath took 5 wickets for 23
runs, and Bowley captured 4 for 16. The
innings closed for 76 runs, giving the
, game to the visitors by a margin of 50.
The full scores follow:
SANTA CRUZ COUNTRY CLUB.
A Jenkins, b. Blmmondl 3
i A O. Sheath, c. Wilding, b. Slmmonde 1
; D. B. Bowley, b. Simmonds 14
F K. Ritchie, c. and b. Casldy 36
i.l F. Coop*, c Angus, b. Musson 30
! H M Le Fleming, to. Simmon.!? 1
! E F. Hilton, b. Casidy 22
E. 11. Day. c. Slmmonds, b. Casldy 0
J.. Crooks, b. Blmmond! *. 8
W. A. Fortescue, not out 0
p. D. Gellatly, b. Bbnmonda 0
Byes, 7; leg bye. 1; no ball, 1; wides, 2 11
Total '-' ;
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 2. two
' for 7 three for 28. four for 70, five for 71. six
for 113, seven for 114. eight for 126. nine for 126.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler- B. R. M. W.
Casidy 114 32 5 3
Simmonds 131 40 5 6
Coles *8 *•> 3 < ..
Myers 30 13
1 J. J. Theobald 6 4 ....
McDonald IS 8 1 ••
Musson 12 - .. 1
Myers delivered 1 no ball; J. J. Theobald
bowled 1 wide; Musson bowled 1 Wide.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J. Myers] b. Sheath 14
C. Slmmonds, c. and b. Bowley 5
H. C. Casldy, c. Hilton, b. Bowley .'. 8
C. r. Coles, b. Bowley 1
J. J. Theobald, b. Sheath 1
(3. Theobald, c. and b. Le Fleming 13
B F. Musson, b. Bowley 11
; W. A. McDonald, c. Bowley, b. Sheath 3
A. W. Wilding, not out »
W. G. BetWOOd, b. Sheath 2
W. Angus, c. Day, b. Sheath 0
| Byes, 2; leg byes, 2; wides, S 12
Totals " 6
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 9, two
for 22, three for 25, four for 26. five for 35, six
for 65, seven for 65, eight for 69, nine for 7J.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— R. H. st W.
Bowley 113 16 9 4
Jenkins 30 IS .. -•
Sheath 72 23 1 5
Hilton 6 5..
! Le Fleming 6 2 ....
Jenkins bowled 3 wides: Hilton bowled 3
widea, and Le Fleming bowled 2 wldes.
PEDLAR PALMER TO FIGHT
M'GOVERN IN NEW YORK
English Champion Is to Go Against
a Man Who Has an Excellent
Ring Record.
NEW YORK, Sept 10.— Terry McGovern
: of Brooklyn and Pedlar Palmer of Eng
land are to meet to-morrow for a 00,000
purse in a twenty-live round bout at 116
pounds before the Westcheater Athletic
Cub. and the fight has attracted unusual
Inter* si
McGovern and Palmer, the Bportamen
Bay, are two very evenly matched fight
ers, and as each has trained hard there
should be a battle from start to finish.
B«uh are clever, game and clean cut.
They have scores of victories to their
credit, are pugilists of the widest popu
larity in their respective countries and
consequently the interest will be at the
fever point.
A number of Englishmen have come
i from the other Bide to back Palmer In
the right and Korea of them already in
America will Journey from distant points
tot Uie same purpose. The preponder
ance of money here i? naturally in the
i hands of the Americans and almost t" a
: man they have picked McGovern to win.
Consequently he is a favorite in the bet
ting.
The only time the Americans ever saw
Palmer In the rinir was on January 30.
ISM when he fought George Dixon a six
-1 round draw in Madison Square Garden.
| Then he made a most favorable impres
■ si>»n. On the other side he has whipped
i such men as Billy Plimmer. Billy Rotch
ford. Erne Stanton. Dave Sullivan. Dave
i Wallace and Billy Murphy.
Whenever Terry McGovern steps into
j the ring it is a case of fight from the be
ginning of the first round until a decision
is reached. He Is aggressive, a hard hit
ter and a good taker of punishment.
i Among those he has defeated are: John
! nie Richie. Sammy Kelly. Billy Barry,
Caspar Leon. Patsy Haley. Joe Ben
and Oeorgc Hun
To Study the Plague.
OPORTQ. Sept. If m case >v
bubonic plague was officially reported \ < s
terday. IT. Irving, an American physi
'■ cian. arrived here to-day to study the
! epidemic
000000000000
c o
KNIGHTS OF THE
RIFLE SHINE AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
Large Number of Marksmen Cross
the Bay and Participate in Two
Very Exciting Events.
The knights of the rifle had their in
ning at Schuetzen Park yesterday, and
I the great annual prize shoot of the San
I Francisco Grutli Shooting Section for the
I year 1899 is relegated to the historical
! page. Until September of next year,
| John Utgchlg will wear a victor's laurels,
i and A. yon Wyll will shine as the morn
! ing and the evening star among the
marksmen on account of taking the first
' prize in two events. Concurrent with the
(.Jrutli annual shoot the monthly medal
contest and bullseye shoot of the- Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club occurred, in which
i. E, Mason again upheld his reputation
as one of the crackajacks.
The weather was most propitious and
all the marksmen who made Marin
County thHr pilgrimage were amply re
warded for their Journey in wim*
the "big guns" of both clubs on their met-
Ue, with nothing to Interfere with the
day's sport. All the winners in the
Grutli contest were paid in cash, the ag
i gregate being several hundred dullais.
The scores In detail of all the events fol
low:
Orutli nrr.ual prize shoot, honorary target—
•1 Utschlg, 69; I. Hauser, 6S; A. Gehret, 67; R.
i Hauser, 66; A /on Wyll. 64; A. Monotti, 59; T.
Slmmen, 67; A. Studex, 68: P, Baumgartner, 67;
T. Appenzeller, 66; Captain Kiinis. tfi; L>- C.
Babln, 56; K. Merket, 57; A. Rahwyfcr, 53; F.
Butter, 55; diaries Gut. 64: J. Straub, 53.
Qrultll annual prise shoot, bullneye target—
A. \"n \V\il. Hi si prize ; C. J. Waklen, second;
A. Studer, third; K. Hauser, fourth: A. Gehret.
Bfth; !(. Langer, Blxtb; M. Sporry, seventh;
P. Sinter, elphih; J. Jones, ninth; Captain
Kui-.is, tenth; J. Aerlna, eleventh; L. Huuser,
twelfth; a. (iysir., thirteenth.
Grutli annual prise shoot, most bulls-yes—A .
yon Wyll, 25; C. J. Walden. :>3; A. rituder, 13;
J. Appenzeller, 11.
California Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot— P. t:. It&aon, 129; J. I'tscliig, 144;
Captain F. Attinger. 266; A. Jungblut, 633, R.
Stettin. BS6; A. Strecker, 943; U Reubold, 977;
W. Ehrenpfort, 116rt; Q. Kerßohmlller, 1790;
Charles Sageborn, 1552; F. \\\ Helknap. *>M ; F.
Schumann; U81; •'. M. Henderson, 4*'; L. C
Babln, 816; F. Kulils. MM; J. Junw. t,7'.<. C, J.
Walden, 91\>; O. Bremer. 137i5; J. i\ Waller,
1."."; A. Hampel 1595; M. Urubold, 313; C.
F. Wiiltham. Ml; H. Knge, 502: J. F. Peck.
1506; ,T. L. DtKhig, 881; w. Nolden, 2:\>\ C.
Meyer. 127o; A. Hruess. 1324; G. Ghent, :.!4.
California Schuetzpn Club, medal Shoot- First
champion class, John UUchlg, zzi: a. Btrecker,
113; si nd champion class, John L. L'tschig,
214, 209; F. a. Kuhls, HB, 2"2 : F. E. Mason
218, 222; H. Enge, 200, 198; William Ehrenpfort,
153 Mi; lirst iihps O. Bremer, 211, 190; second
A. Jungblut, \<>>. l-'.ri. A. <;.hi>-i, 1
C, .1 Walden, 201; J. Jones. IM. ISO: C. F.
Waltham, lsO, IH4 ; A. Bruess, ltiS, 173; third
class, A. Hampel, 211, 17»; J. C. Waller, 208,
!7^; C. Sagehorn, i>-7. HS: R. Langer, is 3, 175-
F. C. Hagerup, 175, 142; M. Reubold, 174, 159.
SHOOT AT SHELLMOUND.
D. Salfield Carries Off the Medal
Offered by Captain Siebe.
At the monthly medal shooting con
tests of the different German clubs yes
terday at Shell Mound Park there was a
large attendance. It was an Ideal day
for target shooting. No fog or haze In
tercepted the marksmen. As a result
some of the best scores of the year were
made.
The final shoot for the medal given by
Captain Siebe was carried off by D. Sal-
Held of the Norddeutcher Verein. The
captain announced that he would put up
another medal to be awarded to the
marksman making the best bullseye rec
ord for the ensuing year. Following are
the day's scores:.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln — Champion
class— F. Schuster. 429. First class— R. Stet
tin. 406. Second class — August 379.
Third class— Lemcke, 3'J5. Fourth class —
William Goetze. 393. Best first shot— R. Stet
tin, 24. Best last August Jungblut, 23.
Deutscher Krelger Vereln— First champion
class— C. Weggenmann, 405. Second champion
• class— G. Hetzel, on., First class— O. Dam
mer, 376. Second class— Sllverzahm. 325.
Third class— Louis Louberscher. 335. First best
shot— C. Weggenmann. 23. Last bast shot—
O. Hammer. 24. Most centers— Hetzel.
Bullseye -First place, P. Kaiser; second place.
'X. Silverzahm; third place, John Bender;
j fourth place, C. Meyer; fifth place, Louis
Louberscher.
Germania Schuetzen Club— First champion
class — F. P. Schuster, 437. Second champion
class— N. Ahrens, 406. First class— X. Stelling.
i 31*3. Second class- contested. Best first
i shot— J. F. Bridges, 24. Best last shot— Dr.
Rodgers. 23. Bushnell medal scores — D. M ■
| Laughlin, 222: D. B. Faktor, 210. Competi
i tion for cash prizes— F. P. Schuster, 74; D. B.
! Faktor. 74; Dr. Rodgers, 72; N. Ahrens. 71.
Ncrddeutscher Vereln— Bullseye contest-
First, August Hohmann 92; second, O. Lemcke
276; third. John Gefjen 355; fourth. F. P.
Schuster 420; fifth. C. F. Rust 474; sixth, G.
Schulz S10; seventh. Captain J. Thode S3S;
! eighth, F. Koch 1155: ninth. D. Salfleld 1178;
I tenth, Captain Siebe 11S1.
Independent Rifles— Captain L. Schneider, 37;
i Lieutenant E. Moenlng, B; Sergeant H. Fred
erickson, 22; C. Iverson, 2S; H. Mlesner. 14;
I H Gaetgen Jr.. 9: G. Kellenberger, 36; H.
I Felix. 27; F. Wild. 17; H. Marzoff. 29; H. Kuhl
ker, 32; D. Heffern. 2S; F. Brinkmann, 34:
' H. Feyge, 28; Dr. Melerdterks, 3S; Sergeant
P. Schonlg. 40.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club— Medal
score: Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 219; P. W. Mc
laughlin 216: H. Stetting, 129; J. F. Rudgas.
201 ;"F. W. Belknap. 193—190; C. M. Hender
son, 205—194; J. E. Gorman, 21S; K. S. Moore,
1•' Pistol score: J. E. Gorman, 94—91; Dr.
Rodgers, 87; C. M. Henderson, 79; J. F. Bud
gas. 74; E. Moore, 71—69: C Roberts, 73—53;
I C Roberts 73— 6:»: M. Tompklns, 71—65; D.
McLaughlln. 80. Fifty record shot: J. E.
Gorman, 465 out of 465. Record score: J. M.
Tompkins, S5— S6; C. Roberts. SI— SO.
SACRAMENTO RACES.
List of Horses That Have Been
Entered for To-Day's Events.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— The features
of . the card to-morrow # will be the Cali
fornia Annual stake for two-year-olds at
six furlongs and the 2:30 class trot. The
entries are .if follows:
First race— Trotting; mile heats: three In
five.
Direct Heir, ' Tla Juana.
Elevator. ; r>r. Frasse's Sister.
Lee Boy, i
Second Trotting: e:3O class; mile heats;
i three in five.
Psycbe, ; Bank,
Dos Mlnutos. Diana,
Schlam. The.-en.
Ricnardson. ; Tip Timeres.
El Moro, i Kentucky Baron,
Quilllcence, ; Tko Briar,
Juan Chlco, Tickets,
Lottie, Altena.
Uncle James, Princess.
Third race— Running: California Annual
stake: two-year-old?: six furlongs.
3ft The Scot ...11«[ 42 R&mboulla in
37 Amador : 118 SO Bathes US
42 San Tomas 1131 42 Sunello 11<
10 Mv Qrvmt 1101 42 Britt lij
Fourth race— Running: three-year-olds and
upward; purse; six furlong?.
3« Monrovia . 1071 S Ponfro no
13 Castellane 110! » Alturas M 4
34 Black Orphan ... Hi 24 Correct I^4
40 Col. Dan 110 : M Switaer HO
26 Miss Dividend... 107 ! 40 Tantba m
26 McKarlane 110!
Fifth race— Running; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling; one mile and a sixteenth.
43 Twinkle TwMc.lM S3 Fcrtls SI
17 Rapido 106 13 Grady 100
31 Ace "..KM .. Mlstletcn 110
Sixth race— Three-year-olds and. upward
purse: six furlongs.
:.-> Chihuahua HOi IS Yule 10'
S3 Jack MtcCabe.. » M Mafoda . *11(
$9 Petal 101 ■ 41 Libertine .. "n.
IS February ...;... .107 ; 41 Jennie Olbb 10;
55 Roadwarnier — 110; 40 Nonchalance ....Hi
The clever filly Midtty was purcha^et
by John Humphrey on Saturday fron
John Mackey, the bookmaker pavim
$1500 for the promising maiden.
1 . ♦ .
Shut Out by Quarantine
MERIDIAN, Miss., Sept. 10.— Meridian
j to-nlßht quarantined against all places
I infected with yellow fever. This -will pre
vent the United States Circuit Court con
vening in this city to-morrow. Judc*
Nil. and Marshal Collins who are at
Jackson to-day, telegraphed the local au
thorities for jtennlssion to enter th city
but Mayor Dial refused and instructed*
the officers not to permit an 1 " one from an
i Infected point to entar Meridian.
THE CAPE NOME
DIGGINGS ARE
SHOWING RICHES
Miners Flocking to
That Region.
DAWSON HOLDS ITS OWN
MUCH TROUBLE ON THE YUKON
OVER PROPERTY RIGHTS.
The Homer Arrives From St. Michael,
Bringing Many Passengers and
News From the Geld Fields
of Alaska.
Save for a few small coasting vessels
i the only arrivals of yesterday were
; the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
steamer city of Rio de Janeiro, Captain
: Ward, from the Orient, and the Alaska
Transportation Company's steamer Ho
i mer, Captain Higgins, from St. Michael,
Cape Nome and Dutch Harbor.
The Rio came in very light as to pas
i sengers, bringing only twenty-one in the
cabin and about three times that num-
I ber in the steerage. She left Hongkong on
! August 12 ' and Yokohama on the 23d,
touching at Honolulu on her way across.
Her officers report a pleasant, uneventful
\ trip, with good weather.
The Homer arrived with about 150 pas
sengers from Cape Nome, St. Michael and
I Unalaska. Most of them were employes
I of the transportation company who were
returning to the city after having finished
their summer's work at the company s
different stations. Few of them were
miners or prospectors, and those few
brought down but little treasure to speak
! Of. .
Among the passengers was Captain M.
A. Healy, formerly in command of the
revenue cutter Bear, who has been spend
, ing the last few months at the different
I mining camps of Cape Nome and the ru
j kon as the guest of H. Liebea & Co. Cap
tain Healy speaks very favorably of the
prospects at both the old diggings in the
vicinity of Dawson and the newer ones at
Cape Nome.  „ . ,
"I am not a mining man myself, said
' the captain, "but, to judge from the way
the prospectors are Hocking to Nome ana
'• the enthusiasm that is evinced by those
I Who do know what good mining property
I is, I should predict that the new camps
'■ will turn out remarkably well. By that I
! mean that they should prove fully as rich
! as those of Dawson and Forty-mile, it
: they do not surpass them. ' .
"The mines up the Yukon are also doing
well and fully holding up the reputation
they have acquired for richness. The best
i proof of this Is the way in which capital
is steadily flowing into the country. The
i American Transportation and Trading
Company the Alaska Transportation
Company, the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, the North American Transportation
and Trading Company— in fact, all the big
concerns and a number of smaller ones,
are bringing in great loads of merchandise
; and building as fast as they can get new
i structures up. This is the best possible
I evidence of the prosperity of a place. If
there Is no money in a country the big
mercantile concerns soon let it alone.
"One thing which is a source of great
, annoyance on the Yukon is the legal en
! tanglement in which nearly every one is
mixed up. I mean the litigation arising
1 from clouded titles to mining claims and
! real estate. Almost every person who is
at all interested in any sort of property
i has his right to it disputed by anywhere
i from one to half a dozen others, and the
! result is a great deal of trouble and end
: less legal confusion. However, in time
this will be all straightened out.
"On our way down we met the revenue
! cutter Corwin. which is now on her way
I up the Koskoquin River to investigate th?
reported murder of some miners by the
Indians in that part of the country. I
i did not learn the names of the men.
The physicians at the Harbor Hospital
had an easy time of It yesterday. Only
one case was reported, and that was the
' case of Joe Egan. an employe at Jv. w.
Montague & Co.'s, 309 Market street. He
put his hand in a stamp and then pressed
the lever to see what it would do. The
' machine crushed the index finger of his
i right hand so badly that an amputation at
the second joint was necessary.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE ■■ —
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OF
Germany, or. the HM cay of December, A.
D. UN. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital stock, paid up In
Cash 1750, 09
ASSETS.
i Real Estate owned by Company $540. II
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.211,081 33
1 Cash Market Value of all Stocks _n<J
Bond? owned by Company 1.136.459 IS
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 75.750 »
Cash in Company's Office 14.383 S3
Cash In Banks 225.554 79
Interest due and accrued en all
I Stocks and Loans ».S7« S«
Premiums In Am Course of Collec-
| tion - 252,514 »
Due from other companies for rein-
| surance . 607.«7 $4
Total Assets J5.1C5.451 0
LIABILITY
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspen** ■• 53?.5J9 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one Tear or less. J :
reinsurance 60 per cent 1.535,53S 71
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
nlnc more than one year, j — ;
reinsurance pro rat a 274. 77
Cash dividends remaining unpaid — 1.900 00
All other demands ajrainst the Com-
, pany ■• il6.»l? 75
Total Liabilities . $2.C31.543 OS
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums •• J*.S:S.I2S 71
Received for interct' on Bonds and
Mortgages A... 47, M IS
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Leans and from.
! all other sources Sf.TSS M
1 Received from all other roes 6S.SSS IS
' Total Income ....'. $4.C23,55C «
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses Oa-
i clndins SSNUSO SS, losses of pre- -
vlous j-ears) $2.5M.ff" •*
Dividends to Stockholders SU.3W *
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 70,774 1*
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... JH?« SS
Paid for State. National and local
I taxes 7S.IS SS
All other payments and exi>ea(H- i
tures lc*.**^*
Total &rp« > n<3!ture« &.:;« :5S £
Losses incnrr»vl during th» rrar fire sis!"*?*
KMIL F. rmcß Vice Prcs>«r.t-
RUDOLF BERNDT, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before :se t»* «U>
day of April, 1894.
HENRY M. DIEDERICH, C- S. Crf»^ »t
Mapdeburfc.
GUTTE & FRAI\k,
MANAGERS.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMiNT.
303 CALIFORNIA
I BAN FRANCISCO; CAJkHay wards, Oakland
ALMOST CAUSED
AN ATTACK OF
HEART FAILURE
Carnegie's Gift Was
So Sudden.
OAKLAND FEELS STRANGE
B. FAY MILLS MAY AGAIN SEE
HIS TABERNACLE.
.. Fa:es a Dilemma From
Which ft Can Be Extricated Only
by Rare Diplomacy — Rocks
.•? Offing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Sept. 10.
The little letter from the obscure Scot
tish castle containing- about 100 words
and promising; a generous sum to Oak
land fjr a free library has taken the city
surprise. This Is quite excusable. It is
a strange experience for Oaklanders to
receive anything- from wealthy men.
E.r.ce Its birth In 1>52, when Horace Car
pentler and his associates laid the
foundation for drawing from the city of
the future its last drop of llfeblood. Oak
land has received few gifts. The late
Anthony Chabct gave the city and ob
eevratory as an adjunct to Its edu
cational department. The late Dr. Mer
rttt presented a clock to til City Hall;
Dr. Pardee has given a valuable lens to
the observatory- Most of those who are
Indebted to the city for all they lay claim
to have considered that their duty was
performed If they gave the city a black
eye. Consequently, when a little note
wa.3 received from Andrew Carnegie, ho
probably never was in Oakland in his
life and never was seen by more than one
Oaklander. it Is not surprising that the
city should feel as if something unusual,
almost uncanny, had happened. Up to
cats no one seems to have mistrusted the
sincerity of the Lord of Homestead,
which would not have been the case had
Mr. Carr.egie been a sraduate of the
Oakland political school. His example
should be productive of similar efforts.
Mr. Carnegie, so far as known, never
made a dollar out of Oakland. There are
men timing- to be millionaires parading
her stieets. who while they may never
have "made" a dollar out ot Oakland by
the sweat of their brains or their brows,
have in some manner or other, derived
vast fortunes from her and her people.
To these men is referred the I■: of Mr.
Carr.egie. with the suggestion that It be
taken under advisement.
At Twelfth and Webster streets is a
large tabernacle. Many years ago It was
erected in response to a request that a
fitting building- be prepared to receive
Rev. B. Fay Mills, an evangelist credited
with a record of starting thousands of
halting and undecided young Christians
in the straight and narrow path. The
building was filled each morning, after
noon and far into the night with a crowd
numbering from 3000 to 3000. Several
times during the stay of the evangelist
all '.he local churches were close'i so
that every member of their congregations
might derive tne fullest possible benefit
from the words of Mr. Mills. Daily this
evangelist gathered round him the
honored and practical men who filled
the p.-istorates of the local churches. In j
a marji'r aira-ost dictatorial Rev. B. Fay j
Mills wouM Impart to the pastors his 1
ideas or. conducting a revival: There i
must fc» a certain amount of mechanical !
work done, doors must be opened and
closed only at a certain time; ushers must
perform their duties in just such a man
ner; in no event must anything be done
to disturb th» utterance of B. Fay Mills
during a meeting. Mr. Mills also declared
it necessary for the success of his
evangelicai revivals, that he must, with
his musical leader, absolutely control the
singing-. In short. Mr. Mills caused it to
be bruited abroad that he had studied the
practice ax-d science of expeditious!}- and
thoroughly exploiting the pure gospel of
the Saviour, of the atonement and of
salvation through the biood spilled on
Calvary, and that any interference with
3:is plans would be fatal to the best
results.
R*\: B. Fay Mills also succeeded In
doing what no other man has ever done
ir. Ookiand; he inaugurated a "mid-week
eabbath," and every merchant who did
r.ot close his doors for a large portion of
this special day, was almost adjudged to
he a heretic cr worse. The experiment
-.vas declared to be a great success, and so
It was from the standpoint of Rev. B.
Fay Mills. When the evangelist closed
his labors in Oakland, he laid the founda
tion of a system of visitation and In
spection that should be developed after
his departure so that the fruits of his
labors might not decay. For years after
The great Mills' revival was the great
toptc'of discussion in religious circles.
Now an effort is being made to bring
again Rev. B. Fay Mills to Oakland. Some
time ago Mr. Mills became convinced
that the great fundamental principles of
the trine with which he enthused Oak
land and many other cities years ago Is
all wrong. After much deliberate thought
he pronounced to the world that the real
religion of humanity and of reason Is
that of thp Unitarian church. In the
ardor of his new faith he became a min
ister of Unitarianism. To-day the prom
inent Unitarian Church of Oakland ac
cepted the resignation of Its paston and
several members expressed the desire
that Rev. B. Fay Mills could be induced
to me to the church for a few months
1". order that his intellectual force might
infuse new life and ambition Into the
congregation. Should Mr. Mills ever come
to Oakland on such a mission I would
like to be able. In the clearest of lan
guage, to express the thought that must
run through his mind as he gazed upon
thf old tabernacle, thought of the mid
week Sabbath, of his many eloquent dis
courses to the youth and aged of the bay
cities and of the effect his presence on
this his second mission must have on
the minds of tboee Influenced by him
under such ostentatious conditions yean
ago. It would be a rare study in theology,
tuch as seldom comes within -reach of a
suudent. Doubtless many of Mr. Mills'
tormer converts arc now praying that
the wool may be pulled from bis ..-yes and
that Satan may not be permit fd to blind
him for more ihitn "a Uttl« swtson." The
tabernacle, if Mr. Mais" relipious views
l>e new correct. la simply a monument to
hla pa.it errors.
It la very evident that there Is no rule
by which the value of property either
real or personal can be determined In this
• ounty. During the past month it has
teen recorded that a mortgage :- ; no cri
ttrion of worth, a deed Is often merely
a ruse, appraisement is generally biased,
assessment is a whim, and even the sell
ing price is often subjected to such Jug
glery that a man of experience will pay j
no attention to it. It la even on record!
that a merchant's oath regarding the i
valut of his personal property may often j
be i: exct-ss of what it 13 worth, and j
therefore the amount of taxes any one
shall ; ay depends entirely on bis ability \
to sck -me. Such la the natural deduc- i
tion fr m the sworn testimony given r«-- j
gardlr.g the assessment rolls of Alameda
t'ounty. The man who can obliterate such
a chaoti situation with a reasonable and
just syst -m is the man most needed.
Probabir there is no other city on earth
wher'! a man could assert that he had
been offer d a large turn of money to at
tempt to swindle the United States Gov- j
ernmert, ;^d where such an Incident I
would anerOy give rise to a smile. The
Eerlousrcss >f the situation does not ap
pear to nave appealed to anybody. Poli- .
ticiar.3 ircil'd. merchants took it a3 a :
matter loC course and the vast mass of
the peop.e who do not understand public
aSaira p.tsse«l it by as something with i
which th-$' had no concern. At Wash- j
Ing-ton this little Incident seems to have
had great '■weight. Wily Uncle Sam has !
not lived rr.'ore than a hundred and twenty i
years without acquiring much wisdom, ,
and it is site to say that when he se-J
»cv.i. a spec m uaKutid upon waicn to
erect a postoflice he will not pay very
much more for It than it Is worth. But
tne "worth" will depend of course upon
the opinion of these who are charged with
trie duty of advising the Government,
x.eoent developments in assessing 1 and
valuinsr property show that the differ
ence of opinions equally honest is as six
teen to one. ' *
How to raise more revenue tor the city
treasury than will be produced by source*
of income at present established Is the
grave question the City Council is now
facing. Much is expected of this Council.
Its platform is very progressive and the
character of its members is such- as to
preclude the idea that they are merely
an aggregation of seliiah politicians, with
no idea of carrying out their pledges.
They have already decided to carry out
one pledge by limiting the tax levy to a
dollar. This fidelity to their promise.
however, places them face to face with
another dilemma. With the present low
assessment the dollar limit will not give
them enough money to run the city along
the progressive lines to which they are
pledged. The only means by which money
can be raised is by placing a license tax
upon privileges or material at present
free. Any tax. of this nature must of
necessity be special In Its character and,
therefore, open to argument and opposi
tion. It will require all the diplomacy of
which this Council is capable to avoid the
apparently inevitable deficit. Tenants
will object to a tax on their business;
cyclists will object to a tax on their
wheels; others Will object to a tax on
their vehicles; and so on. wherever an ef
fort may be made to raise income.
Within the past three years tax-is have
been levied on outside firms doing busi
ness in this city, with the result that all
those taxed have avoided its payment by
opening a branch house in Oakland and
ostensibly doing business as local mer
chants. This Is nothing but an evasion in
many instances, but it is a legal evasion.
The adjustment of the inter-city trading
la a delicate matter, as it is directly- op
posed to the principle of free commerce
which is guaranteed between States by
the interstate commerce law. Oakland
merchants have frequently complained
bitterly that their travelers can do un
limited business without being taxed in
any State of the Union except California,
but that if they send a drummer to any
city in this State he is at once required
to do business at a great disadvantage,
while drummers from other States can
traverse the whole of California free of
all licenses. This is one view of the sit
uation. Cyclists will be told that if they
pay a small tax It will go into the street
fund and guarantee better streets, but
they will not be satisfied unless assured
that the owners of all other vehicles will
pay in proportion. There are many other
views of the matter demanding careful
consideration and no matter in what man
ner the solution is arrived at. it will meet
with a certain amount of unpopularity.
The meeting last Tuesday evening at
the City Hafl was a revelation. Some
thing went to pieces. Somebody's ship
was wrecked, while the lobby wondered.
A few weeks ago a little whispering was
being done as to whether the support of a
certain political element should go to Mr.
Mott or Mr. Rowe. tor some reason not
yet developed, the temporary favor of this
element was accorded Mr. Rowe. On
Tuesday evening Mr. Rowe was excited.
at times evidently forgetting that he was
in the president's chair, for otherwise he
would certainly have refrained from tak
ing part in a debate without leaving the
rostrum. Mr. M ■■ caught the fiery spirit
that was in the air and caused It to be
know- that he resented criticism and was
capable of act.: independently at any
leading strings or programme- Mr.
Meese, the most conservative man and
jne of the most practical in the Council.
for the r.rst time showed that something
had tired him and he proposed to shake
t off. Had the fiery Cuvelller been pres
•nt. It is probable that the meeting would
have suggested the Fourth of July that
succeeded the destruction of Cervera's
3*et. The least observant could see that
"something was doing." and for the next
vw weeks affairs at the City Hall will be
patched more keenly and analytically
han they have been since the old admin
istration "walked out. It would be idle to
rues-: at the origin of the new order of
>j D « It will have to unfold Itself.
STUART VV. BOOTH.
Services in Oakland Churches.
~.e«s of Arizona occupied the pulpit of the
First M.. E. Church both this morning
Rev Floyd J. Myr.ard. rector of St.
John's Episcopal Church, spoke this
morning on. the subject of "A New
Jreator." , ,
R°v J. D. Foster preached a sermon
■o-nlght at the Eishth-avenue Methodist
Church on "The Special Providences of
At the First Congregational Church
Rev Warren. Day of Los Angeles d:s
-our<=ed this morning on "Unburied Sor
■ows." To-night he spoke on "Law and
Providence."
Rev J. W. Watson occupied Rev. Mr.
Sill's pulpit at the Twenty-fourth avenue
Methodist Church to-day.
"God a Fire." was the subject of a
sermon delivered at the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church by the pastor. Rev. C.
SI Hill this evening. Rev. T. G. Brown
ion D D., president of the California
College, spoke this morning.
Rev W. P. Andrews, pastor of Asbury
Methodist Church, chose as his subjects
for the day sermons "Heaven ' and
"Hell "
At the First Baptist Church thl3 morn
ing Rev S W. Bevan of Washington
preached. To-night the pastor Rev. C.
H. Hobart. spoke on "The Lntrodden
"God and Infant California" was the
subject cf Rev. William N. M^serve's
sermon to-night at the First Free Bap
tist Church. _
Mr? Rev. de Condit spoke at the First
United Presbyterian Church to-night.
At St. Andrew's (Protestant Episcopal;
Church to-day Rev. Charles G. Adams,
priest in charge, apoke on "The Law of
Health ar.d Happiness" and "Victory.
Melrose Mission Chapel Dedicated
OAKLAND. Sept. 10.— The Melrose Mis
«ion Chapel, a mission of the Twenty
third avenue Baptist Church, was dedi
rated this afternoon. The chapel is
built on ground which was given to the
Bapists by the Southern Pacific Com
pany and Is located about a. mile east of
High street and the same distance east
it Fourteenth street. The dedicatory ex
ercises included a prayer by Rev. C. M.
Hill, pastor of the Tenth-avenue Church;
nlstory of the mission by W. C. Granlund,
who is to act as .superintendent of the
Sunday-school. A. L. Whitney gave an
nteresting report on behalf of the build
ing committee, followed by an address
'rom Rev. W. H. Latonrette. The sermon
wad deliver • by Rev. Robert Whitaker,
and the prayer of dedication was offered
by Rev. E. "R. Bennett, who will act as
aastor of the chapel.
Sunday-School Convention.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10. — The Sunday
!?( hoola *>i the North Oakland district will
hold a convention at Golden Gate on the
afternoon and evening of Thursday, Sep
tember 21. The district has nine Sunday
s< hools and six mission i-chools. C L.
Lombard la district president and Miss
Liliie Ross secretary. An extensive liter
ary and musical progiamme is being ar
ranged for the occasion. The afternoon
session will be held In the Presbyterian
church at Golden Gate: the evening ses
sion will take place In the Baptist church.
_. ♦ .
Electrician" Succeeds "'Octoroor
OAKLAND. Sept. 10.— After a very sue-
cessfui week at the Dewey Theater. The j
Octoroon" will be succeeded on the boards
by "The Electrician" to-morrow night.
Tin* new play teems with mechanical in
genuity and dwells largely upon phe
nomenal electric effects. In it comedy I
and pathos are neatly blended. Mr. j
O'Mailey and Mr. Mack of the Clay |
Clement company will, b* in the cast. !
■m ■ —
P. R. Cunningham's Funeral
OAKLAND. Sent. 10.— The funeral of
Parian R. Cunningham, superintendent
ct tv«- OiLKlantl plajiiiis mill, whu died
last Thursday, took place this afternoon
from Masonic Temple, this city, under
the auspices of Mission Lodg-e. K. and A.
M . of San Francisco, of which he was
a member. The Interment was at Moun
tain View Cemetery :
Well-to-Do Beggar Arrested.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— Flora Miller, a
German woman, aged 70 years, was ar
rested this afternoon by Officer Sherry
and booked at the City Prison for
vagrancy. She had teen begging and
when arrested her funds had already !
reached $L The woman owns a house I
and lot In Berkeley and resides on Third i
street, between day acd WashiAStcifc i
THE SAX FBA2sCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
/^lameda <?ou9ty Jfeu©- j
ST. COLUMBA'S MALL
OPEN FOR SERVICES
OAKLAND, Sept. l r '.— St. Columba'a Hall was opened for public worship to
ioes being conducted by Hey, H. J Whyt*. The parish In
N rth Oakland sad Berkeley has been rapidly growing for some years, and
it ■ - Ml several months ago by Archbishop Rfordan that Rev.
- - relief. The parish of St. Columba * I ar.d Father
iw engaged in rals-in? funds to build a church. This will take some
time, and the hall will be use<! tor worship till the ed
The hall has a seating capac:: t " .-.d a !arge gallery at the entrance end.
The style of architecture is Italian R--
BIG CROWDS AT THE PARK.
Nothwithstanding the Blustery
Weather People Were Out in
±orce.
Perhaps the people were hopeful yes
terday that the weather prophet would
fold away the cloud curtain that draped
the heavens that the Sabbath might savor
of a summer day. and they poured In
steady streams through the gates of the
park and blackened the beach for miles.
The Chutes and Sutro's Baths also enter
tained unusually large crowds, but
owing to the chill and blustery weather
few were expected. Although the crowds
were large they were nroportionately
orderly and not an accident was reported
from the various resorts during the day.
Regret at the death of "Beauty." the
magnificent exhibition horse, was ex-
Dressed by the many patrons of the
Chutes. The people never tired of ad
miring this handsome horse, with his silk
en mane and tall. The bin at the Chutes
yesterday was of usual excellence and
fn..l,ir -in artrminnal fenmr#» fn th*> narnro
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ,
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, am the 3:st day of December.
A. D. IS3S. and for the y»ar ending on that
day. as nude to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th*
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 OP
ASSETS.
R^al Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Ca?h Market Value of all Stock and
Boruls owned by Company $307,000 00
Amount of Leans secured by pledjr*
of Bonds. Stcelcs and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office
Caan in Banks 48.405 82
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks an;! Loans 4.208 33
Interest due and accrued on Bends
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 38.582 53
Bills receivable, not Matured, takan
for Fire and Marine Risks. In-
ternal Revenue Stamps 24 35
Rent 3 due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets $594,221 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8.24100
Losses in process of Adjustment or la
Suspense 24.235 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less, 8172.462 30;
reinsurance 50 per cent 88,231 45
Gros3 premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning more than one year. $43,413 77;
reinsurance pro rata . 29.842 53
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $8305 76; re-
insurance 100 per cent 8,305 7<
Gros3 premiums on Marine Time
Risks. : reinsurance M per
cent '
All other demands against the Com-
pany 13,273 23
Total liabilities $172.473 02
INCOME. — —
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $157.248 84
Net Ca?h actually received for
Marine premiums 8.834 98
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 23.112 43
Received for Rents
Total inccme ■ $138. 394 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) $134, 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losssa
(.including $ 1 losses of pre-
vious" years) 24,305 27
Dividend* to Stockholders 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 82.534 43
Fa!d for tries, Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 3.475 00
raid for State. National and local
t«x»s 6.573 10
All other payments and expenditures . 2,361 20
Total expendltur-s $2«0,553 S4
Fire. Marine.
Lrsses Incurred during
the year $141. 14 $21,804 27
Risk? and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Set amount of R!«ksj
written during the
y-sr 138,883.597 00 $344,312 13
!C#t amount of Risks!
expired during the
year " 4.835 00 441. 353 38
Net amount in force
December 31. 1338.... 21.655,109 00 i 215.88187
Ri^ks and Premiums. ,Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Set amount of Risky
written during the
year $327,117 00 $13,332 $8
Set' amount of Risks
expired during the .
year 923,79100 23,126 M
.let amount In force .
December 31. 1898....: 143,036 CO 8,305 78
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest.
R. BLEEKER RATHBONE, Secy.
•Subscribed and »worn to before me. this
!7th day of January. 1939.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
WINFICLD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
rEUEPHONE PfYAITH 9908
of a high diving act by Eastern experts
will api it on the programme.
Following are the results of the various
contests at Sutro's Baths:
Fifty-yard dash (juvenile)— C. Tyherson
first C Donovan second. __
Fifty-yard dash (novice)— F. Baker
first. P. Adler second.
One hundred-yan: dash (amateur)— W.
R. Hoy first, R. M Avoy second.
One hundred-yard tub race— F. Baker
first. H. Bacon second. G. Wells third.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving—
M. Misner first. O. Augustus second.
Under water swimming contest— C. Au
gustus first. F. Baker second.
Injured by a Car
\rrhie Barrett. 2.17 Golden Gate aye-
. street car
- xth and Market streets yest<
aing when a H light-street car came
i the left side.
f his left arm.
He ?. ■ R - Hospital.
It is a popular belief that a holly bush
planted near a dwelling protects the
house from tight]
STATEMENT
: OF THE
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the list day of December. A. D.
1 IS3S. and for the year ending on that day. as
• made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
i State of California, pursuant to the provisions
I of Sections 610 and 811 of the Political Code.
j condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
. missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount cf Capital Stock, paid up la
, Cash $300.000 CO
: ASSETS. ""
! Real Estate owned by Company
j Loans on Bends and Mortgages
I Cash Market Value of all Stocks
I and Bonds owned by Company $545,000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
I Cash In Company's Office
j Cash in Bank* 13,908 52
I Interest due and accrued on. all
I Stocks and Loans S, 104 17
I Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
I Premiums in due Course of Coilec-
i tlon 38.532 03
I Bills receivable, not Matured, taken *
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
Revenue Stamps 20 04
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total assets : $538,364 »3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,715 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 23.056 00
Losses resisted. including expenses. 4.330 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $134, 0»56 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 67,033 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mere than one year, $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata 24.05S 80
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 15,553 55
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ;"' reinsurance 50
per cent 17,738 41
All other demands against the
Company
Total liabilities ■■ $156.568 Sa
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fir»
premiums $187,394 87
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 8,834 97
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • '•
Received for interest and dividends
; on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
I all other sources 18,988 81
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 633 20
Total Income $133.655 85
1 !
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
; (Including $ . losses of pre-
-1 vious years) $189.557 07
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(including $ , losses of pre-
-1 vious years) 20.301 72
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 69,373 06
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 3,155 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 8.233 S8
All other payments and expenditures 2,343 28
Total expenditures $286,333 01
Losses Incurred during the year $182,773 87
I ■ — — . _ (
j Risks and Premiums. i Fire Risks. Premiums. :
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $34,370,133 00 $305,431 43
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ! 249,031 00 405.597 10 '
Net amount In force
December 31. 1538.... j 18.526.084 OOJ 168.697 58 !
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks.; Premiums. ■
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $864,384 00 $33,356 83
| Net amount of Rlsk3
1 expired during the
year --•• j 570. 909 00 66,247 13
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898.... ' 4». 839 00 1 15,559 55
I C CONVERSE. Prwt.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January. 1833.
GEO. O. RCQEH, Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
SANSOME ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO. :.,■■
TELEPHONE MAIN 9968
Berkeley, Fruitvale
HE PREFERRED
DEATH TO LIFE
IMPRISONMENT
Made Three Attempts
at Suicide.
AL MILLER'S HOPES GONE
TRIED HANGING FIBST, THEN
THE GAS BOTJTE.
Fact of Prior Convictions and Weight
o£ Evidence in the Kirkham
Burglary Were Too Much
for Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9°B Broadway. Sept. 10.
Albert Miller, who was arrested last
Wednesday on a charge of burglarizing
the Kirkham residence at Oak and
Eighth streets, made three determined ef
forts to commit suicide in his cell at the
City Prison this afternoon.
Shortly before 5 o'clock- one of the
trusties noted an unusually strong odor
of gas, and on investigating the various
cells and iron tanks finally discovered
Miller with the gas Jet in his mouth. The
Jet in Miller's cell is exceptionally low,
! and it was an easy matter for the pris
j oner to utilize the same with suicidal
I intent.
When found he was unconscious, and it
: was feared that he was beyond all hope.
Dr. H. M. Rucker, however, was prompt
ly summoned, and after working over the
would-be suicide fully an hour revived
him. It was discovered that Miller had
; previously attempted suicide by hang
! ing. He had torn his blanket into strips
i to make a rope, but it was not strong
i enough to stand the required strain.
Early this evening Miller made a third
attempt to end his life by the gas route,
but the trusty who had forestalled his
I previous effort had kept a closer watch
on him, and the gas in the cell was txien
completely turned off.
Miller has twice served time for bur
glary, although he Is but 22 years of
; age. Some years ago he served two years
at San Quentin, and at another time three
■ years, being released on August 13 last.
The fact of the prior convictions,
' coupled with the strong evidence against
him in the Kirkham burglary, together
with the prospect of serving a life sen
: tence, is supposed to have weighed so
heavily on the young ex-convict's mind
i that he concluded to put an end to his
i criminal career. He had told Officer
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. IN THE DOMINION OF
Canada, on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1898. and for the year ending on that da?,
as" made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State cf California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and «11 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $20.000 00
Cash Market Value at all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 1,243.140 15
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral —
Cash In Company's Office 183 33
Cash in Banks 151.299 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collection 2C2.558 03
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 47.30» 71
Rents due and accrued
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets 11. 684. 870 89
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $82,697 64
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 38. 325
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 14,049 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $353. 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 476,815 Oft 1
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than or. year, $638,082 33
reinsurance pro rata , $43,145 11
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $50,877 21:
reinsurance 100 percent  50,577 Jl
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $17,294 21; reinsurance 50 per
cent 8.648 10
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30.964 23
Total Liabilities 11.074,511 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,330,638 51
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 280,570 06
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Montgages 2.11633
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 46. '06 68
Received for Rents
Total Income ■ .$1.703.829 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ losses of pre-
vious years) $888,147 55
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
Including $ losses of pre-
vious years 246,598 SI
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or ■■ -— '
Brokerage SOS. 56
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 51.358 00-
Paid for State, National and local
taxe-* 45.461 M
All other payments and expenditures U6.552 86
Total Expenditure* ..51. 689. 905 32
Losses incurred during the year. fire... 5847,376 77
Losses Incurred during the year, ma-
rine 263.305 14
Risk? and Premiums. j Fire Risks. i Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksf
written during the:
year $162,181,141 $1,723.599 25
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year | -140,744.973 | L757.W9 SO
Net amount In force
December 31, 1833. .. 160.066.448 1.591.712 S3
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. j Premiums.
N«t amount of Risks/
written during the
year i $35,374,054 $306,57123
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year - 3*,913.977 ■ 317.524 01
Net amount In force!
December 31. 1898 1 4,128,465 ' 68.173 42
J. J. KENNY. Vice President.
C. C. FOSTER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1899.
W. B. RAYMOND, Notary Public
si ■ — — •
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
sjl.v FBJLSJCISCO. CXL.
Moore of the City Prison rtortiy after
his arrest. "It's all up with me. and I
will jigger myself." After he h-. 7 -
vtved to-day he complained bitterly that
the trusty. Dr. Rucker and Officer"Ham
merton had "interfered with his plans."
Republican Club Meeting
BERKELEY. Sept. 10.— The Berkeley
Republican Club will meet next Tues
day evening in Golden Sheaf Hall at S
clock. Congressman Victor H. Metcalf,
who was to have addressed the club, has
sent word that he cannot be present. He
has accepted an invitation to speak at the
club s regular meeting on the second
Tuesday in October. The committee ap
pointed to draft a constitution will pre
sent its final report, and it is thought
that it wi.. be adopted. To-morrow even
ing the executive committee of the club
will hold a meeting at S o'clock in D. J.
Tobin s office on Stanford place.
SNATCHED A WATCH
Nicholas Stafford, a Young Lithog
rapher, Booked on the Charge
of Grand Larceny.
Nicholas Stafford, a lithographer, IS
years of age, was arrested early-yesterday
morning by Policeman Beamer and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of
grand larceny.
The complaining witness is William
Phillips, a saloonkeeper at Fifth and Na
toma streets. He was going home be
tween 3 and 4 o'clock and in passing Mis
sion street he pulled out his watch to
see the time. Four men were standing
on the corner and one of them made a
grab for Phillips ' watch, breaking the
chain and securing the watch.
Beamer happened to be near and Phil
lips notified him. Beamer placed the four
men under arrest and took them to th£
Southern Station, accompanied by Phil
lips. There they were searched, but the
watch could not be found. As Phillips
identified Stafford as the one who grabbed
his watch he was booked on the charge
of grand larceny.
BURIAL OF TRUSSEATT.
Remains of a Well-Known Attorney
Laid in the Grave.
The funeral of P. C. Tr'jsseau. a well
known attorney, took place yesterday
afternoon from the Notre Da-r
toires Church to Mount Calvary i
tery.
The deceased had I I friends in
the French colony, as he was not nnly
an able lawyer, but was - - : ■■■; a
fenerous and lovable disposition that en
eared him to all who knew him. He was
•5S years of age and had been an invalid
for four years from an attack of par
alysis. He died at the City bj
Hospital last Wednesday, bein? cared for
by his devoted friend. Mrs. Os
He occupied the posit: • r A •
General for the French Gover-.rr.-r.t in
Tahiti in I*7o. and prior to that was at
tached to the staff of the unfortunate
Emperor Maximilian of Mexico. He came
to this city In 1573 and soon accumulated
a large practice.
"What is Miss Willoughby's personal
appearance?" "She looks as if she ought
to be named "Clarissa' and have a grey
hound tagging around with her. " — Chica
go Record.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO. CANADA. ON THE 3ISI
" day of December. A. D. MM, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
■ fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner: ■
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $10,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 938,072 73
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
: abie securities as collateral
Cash In Company's office
Cash in Banks 42,138 60
Interest due and accrued on ail
j Stocks and Loans 9,712 5!
Interest due and accrued en Bonds
: and Mortgages
i Premiums in due course of Collec-
: tion 205,088 77
Bills receivable, cot Matured, taken
i for Fire and Marine Risks 6.368 43
Total Assets..;. ..$1,271.431 11
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $80.302 05
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 57.389 S3
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 9,380 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
: ning one year or less, $635,753 34; re-
insurance 50 per cent 317,573 67
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, 1425. M.x 55;
reinsurance pro rata 223,004 7!
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $30,459 07;
reinsurance 100 per cent 30,459 07
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $5,765 77; reinsurance 50 per
cent .* 2.552 S3
All other demands against th« Com-
pany 60,764 04
' Total Liabilities T755.431 13
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $53.« 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 161,655 s',
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages -
Received for interest on Bonds.
Stocks, Loans and from all other
sources 41.775 04
Total Income ..$1.'>3.06S 32
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
| eluding $ losses of pre-
' vious years) $549, C 7
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
-1 vious years) 117,717 90
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 193.598 23
; Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
; charges for officers, clerks, etc 43,032 42
Paid for State. National and local
taxes . 3LS9& 8«
' All other payments and expendi-
tures 75.007 30
Total Expenditures $1,017,625 ¥■>
Losses incurred during the year 7. $676,575 56
Risks and Premiums. (Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! '
written during the! <
: year I $103,120,761 ! $1,123,963 S3
j Net amount of R!?k.«! !
I expired during the ;
. >»ar ' 94.527.736 L157.91S 70
Net amount in force '
December 31. IS3S j liM.7M.3f-, | 1.C61.1U S3
Mar. Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '
written during the ;
year ( $23,263,603 I $208,177 71
[ Net amount of Risks}
expired during the
, year I 23.303,302 213.535 21
Net am-nnt In fore*!
December 31. lSt>S | 1.57 C.131 : 36.224 S4
J. J. KENNY. Vice President.
P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. 1539. H. D GAMBLE,
Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS.
322 PINE STREET,
i
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
ffeeflyCt $1.00 Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
' OF THE
: CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
j ■
STJ3ST
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS3S. and for the
year endis? on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
f ornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and "ill of the Political Code, condensed as
<. per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash •
ASSETS. . '
i R»al Estate owned by Company.... J230.000 08
! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages IS3.SCO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company — 1,814. 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 472 51
Cash in Banks 170,952 Si
Interest due and accrued on all ___ '
Stocks and Loans 23.137 12
Interest due and accrued on Bond 3
and Mortgages l.Si» S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 274.564 13
Bills receivable, net Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks _;
: Rents due and accrued 1.+23 1.
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance en losse3 already paid..
Total assets ..C, 724. 971 67
LIABILITIES.
1 I>«!?es adjusted and unpaid J15,99« 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or _ _^
' In Su*'pens A lii.3a3oi
Los=es 'resisted, lncludin? expenses 10.400 M
Gross premluir.3 en Fire Risks run-
ning -■ year or less. $361,523 12; ,„ „ „
re-insurance 50 per cent 450.751 a 8
I Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
'■ air.- more than one year, 11.545.- _. _„ _
1 119 17: re-insurance pro rata 833,344 33
Gross" rremiurr.3 on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, * :
re-insurance 100 per cent.. .......
Gross Premiums on Marine T:m»
Risks, % ■ re-insurar.ee 50 per
Due? and" accrued for salaries, rent, ,,._,
j etc 1,315 67
All other demands against the Com-
M pany ■■ 56.au- zs
Total liabilities ..n. 643.334 98
INCOME.
; Net Cash actually received f or v
NeTcash "actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
■ Received for interest en Bonds and g w
; Re^eiW* tor' 'interest" and 'dl'videndi •»™
-rest and dividends
i in Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources - «'£» 5
■ Received for rents •• »-" 4 - 40
. i Total income ..n.673.263 43
EXPENDITURES.
' Vet amount raid for Fire Losses
(YncludiW IWS.4M 25 - !osaes of pre '_ |004i442 it
vlous years) *304,54- «
' Ye- amount paid for Marine Losses
(including J losses of pre-
vious years> ••••••••••
Dividends to Stockholders...-.
, Paid or allowed for Commission ot 34* 594 15
! Pald° for a 's e alaries. V Fees . and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 9«.044 19
Paid for State. National and local
' | Another 'payment's 'and ' expenditures l*ViO3 M
Total expenditures ..tt.506.010 94
| Losses incurred during the year 5351,3ia 99
■ Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks.! Premiums.
'''writ^Turtn^'he^ear mOELniIIUSUa 00
N pl4dTurins f t£%": UliJ 2.124,5U^
N^^r^ 0 " 6 . 06 ? 306.707.931 2,609,642 39
! J. J. GUILE. United States Manager.
subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th.
tor of January. 1539. p _ CQRHT]
Commtaaioner for California In New York.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
OFFICE - - - - 213-215 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Telephone Main 5968.
LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
Assistant General Agent.
. STATEMENT
■ — of THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
! OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
| INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
! OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 313T
day of December, A. D. 1338, and for the
■ I year ending on that day. as made to the In-
' i surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
I nia pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
I i and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a*
per blank furnished by the Commissioner;
CAPITAL.
' Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ■ ■ . $500,300 00
I ASSETS.
Caah Market Value of all Stocks and
I Bonds owned by Company $1,241,085 00
• Amount of Loans secured by pledge
! of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4.000 00
Cash in Banks - ■• 134.. 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. ■■■-■■■■■■ »• lf3 ° °°
" Premiums in due Course of Collec-
ll oa 138,339 00
i BIIU -»eetvable. not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 7.SIS 00
Stamps on hand 1.032 00
Total Asset* ■ .11.541.101 00
; LIABILITIES.
; Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ■•- ••• .-•■• ♦ =09>li0 °°
Grcsa premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. 1 : .-_»«
reinsurance 100 per cent 144,575 00
All other demands against the Com-
I pany •• 37,052 00
' i Total Liabilities •• K50.77? 00
INCOME. ~ ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
I rine premiums ••- ••--••• ■•• *>^ISS TO
F.««";iv<»d foe interest and dividends
• I on Bonds, Stocks. Leans and from
I all other sources 37,351 00
! Total Income - $555.736 00
EXPENDITURES.
! Net amount paid -■•--:- *«5.75S »
i Dividends to Stockholders aO.OOO 00
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other .„ „
I charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 40,54« 90
i Paid for State. National and local
; taxes -~ 8,396 13
I- All other payments and expend!-
, tures ZTI m
Total Expenditures C 18.735 00
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year $4H;.33l 00
| Risks and Premiums. [Mar. Risks. | Premiums. '
i Net amount of Risks'
£e °... d^ ...- th l txis* w«.*»«
... UMKM J463.M3M
Net amount of Risk3i \
ZT* 50.55fi.105! 472,9 a »'
I «,lß.mi 144,575 00,
J. WILLIAMSON, President.
! . JOHN OICK, Secretarx.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this M
I day of February. ISn. W. J. SULTS,
V. S. Vice ConsuL
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
I GENERAL AGENTS,
J. B. F. Davis & SON, MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALi.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968.
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until It o'clock every flight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SCO Hayefl street: open until 9:30 o clock.
C 33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 i^irkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1911 Mission Ktreet; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o clocK.
1096 Valencia Btreet: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICBS.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. .*_
K. T Golden Gate building;. fi2s Put- TSf*
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- _I
ING at s o'clock. The order of the W
Temple will be conferred. All fraters w
are courteously invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
BAN Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal ,_J\_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. '■FIT
R. A. degree. L_l__
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ■
M.— The officers and members of the -J\_
above named Kxipe are hereby notified Ttjr
to attend the funeral of our late / *
brother, AUGUST HENRY WAGNER, in
King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, on
MONDAY. September 11. 1599, at 1 o'clock
p. m. Master Masons and friends of the de-
ceased are invited. By order of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary-
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, itji
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. By order of the J__T
W. M. '»!
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
ICING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. and •
A. M.— First degree THIS (MONDAY) __\_
EVENING. Nt 7:30 o'clock. By order J__C
of the Master. '^r >
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the !
Dairymen's Union of California will be held '
at the office of the corporation, 124-126-12S :
Davis St., on MONDAY, September 11. 1839. ;
at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing
directors for the enduing year and the trans-
action of such other business a« may come !
before the meeting. S. H. CHEDA. Sec.
_»_-»----—-——-■ ———————
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma- |
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- |
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) ha.v« ,
moved their law offices to the Parrott build- j
ing. 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215. I
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
BO fee without success; collections. G. W. I
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn. I
CLARA FOLT7.'. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71: practices in all courts.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels building, 927 j
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St.. room 87; advio*
free: charge low: business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorney? -...-Law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market St.
ADVICE "free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at., opp Mason.
ACCOUXTAXTS.
6. X BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits *
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ret.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— nrst-claas; 1714
Market St., S. F. Cal. ; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single ;
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
suite* without board, $1 per day: single rooms.
Me; ppeclal rates by month, also to tourists. |
GEARY. 532— Lonfvorth; elegantly fur-
nished front suite, single rooms, excellent
board. .
EDDY. GoB— Nicely furnished rooms and board;
private; gas; bath; running water; hot, cold.
HOTEL WILMOT, 728 Sutter— Handsomely
furnished sunny suites, with private bath.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
VAN NESS. 944— Elegantly furnished rooms,
with excellent board; reasonable.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW lady with a nice home wants chil-
dren to board: mother's care. Box 209, Call
Office, Oakland.
WOULD like a nice child to board; a good
home. Call at 319 2d aye.. Richmond District.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board at 439 '
Minna st.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington aye.
BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 7C4 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SI2SO— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
: mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
bale houses an. l iron foundries; place clearing
above $150 per month, lease; a splendid offer.
R. O. WILKE, *"6 Market st.
A — s4so0 — THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market St.; open day and night; Bo
better paying place in this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE, 806 Market st.
$500 — CORNER salr.^n, with side entrance and
clv broom; runs $60; choicest locution; 1 block
from I'lieian building. R. G. WILKE, 906
ket st.
A— s2Soo; saloon; kept by present owner 11
years; few doors from Market St.; vicinity
Baldwin Hotel; lease; a first-class paying
place; no better offer for location or business
In the market. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— M;>o; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, in
first-class paying home bakery, delicacy and
lunch house; clos-e to Powell and Ellis sts.;
il"0 for each partner guaranteed. Particulars
R. G. WILKE • ■ Murket st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value in sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— S6OO— CORNER saloon In the heart of city;
near Market St.; old established; must be sold
account sickness, M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— S7S'">— BUTCHER shop; prosperous town of
State; 75 miles from city; more than value;
best-class trade; hotels, restaurants and pri-
vate : worth $1500; clearing $100 monthly. M.
LESS, 7« '■■
A— s7"."- • ORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
etc; store .-entral: north, nr.
Mnrk-t : clearing H2i monthly: retiring from
business. M. LESS, 76E Market st.
$201 BARBER shop; 8 chairs; 4 rooms; rent
$17 JO, must be sold; snap. LESS, 785 Market.
A— s7oo- BAKERY; fine loratl.n: handsome
(■tore; G sunny living rooms; 3 good horses,
wagon; baking 1-? barrels flour daily; owner
retiring. STENBERG CO., 26H Kenrny st.
a $n . .7.7777
Cigar Stand
fronting popular hotel of 700 r<K.:iiS. STEN-
HKPJ ; Kearny st.
0; laundry route, best in city; good for
nd wagon; will stand in-
vestigation. KREDO & CO., 22i* Geary Bt.
A— s3ooo; dray ing business: best in San Joaquin
Valley; average pi iflta $300 monthly; old age
crush • sale. KREDO .t CO., 22\ 2 Geary at.
A— sUo; delicacy and stationery store; $5 daily;
nic - KIIKI >O & CO., 2214 Geary.
$650— SALOON; best bargain In the city on ac-
count of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777'j Murket St.
$300 — WOOD and coal yard; departure cause of
sale. Mclaughlin a. <<>.. nru Market st.
J MANUFACTURING business; cash sales;
large profits. McLAUGHLIN &. CO., 777"*
Market st.
|400— RESTAURANT doing good business, full
investigation given, good for man a.nd wife,
same party ran it for h years; good country
hotel, 4u rooms
Corner grocery
$275. branch bakery and notion store. EITEL.
ir.es>-! Market at.
$300— OCEAN VTEW Addition saloon, snap; also
Inside saloons, for $200, $300, J4OC, $600, $600,
$800. SlOOO, etc 1 .; groceries from VW to $5000.
GERMAN AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
$700— SALOON— Best location city, near Market
St.; central; line business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
Al CIGAR Mle. Inquire at HOFF-
MAN CO.. 108 Turk st.
CASH (roOOT, daily receipts, $23; rent $15; sold
at a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once.
Address box 792, Call office, Oakland.
PHILADELPHIA House, opp. California Thea-
ter, 421 Bush st, cor. of Kearny— 4B rooms;
gas. water In every room; price $800.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
liusincfF, tools and stock; low rent. 92C Wash-
ington st.
LADY wants working partner with some cash
in good payiDg businoss; security for cash in-
vested. M., 62€<6 I St.. Sacramento.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap rent;
good chance for man and wife. 1841 Market.
$7uO— MILK route: 60 gallons per day; 3 horses,
buggy and wagon. 318 Langton st.
fcUTCHER shop; good location; cash business;
sell or rent account sickness. Box 2122. Call.
FOR SALE— Fruit and oyster stand; very
cheap. Inquire McCLAIN'S, 1576 Market st.
PARTNER in a blacksmlthlng and wagon-
making business. Aadress box 2127, Call.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
BARGAINS this week. HEALY, 917 Market
Saloon; 3 rooms; at half value $275
Grocery and bar; fine location; rooms 22)
I'.irtner in rest, business; clears $75 each. 2"0
Bakery, confec, cigars, etc.; country town 500
ReFtaurant clearing $100 month; vicinity Mar-
ket and city Hall; best of reasons for selling.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket st.; widely known and well advertised;
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business;
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. E. N., box 3203, Call office; no
.•ipents.
$750— AN old-established corner saloon; side en-
trance to tamale cafe; fair stock; good busi-
ness; engaged in other business cause of sale.
632 Market St.. room 6.
FOR SALE— S3OO; bakery, confectionery, notion,
coffee and ice cream parlors; rent $10: doing
S26' per mo. ; good reasons for selling. Address
J. A. WOODARD, Fruitvale aye., Fruitvale.
FKT'IT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason-
able; trial given. Address box 3225, Call.
COFFEE and tea routes m,>plied from GF.O.
W. C A SWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house; 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box IS4I, Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR pale — Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Aj>n!y Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ICO RETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys nn<l horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
LAST ar.d best, Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st. : phone South Ui.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4GB Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. :02 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
_ E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
*Bt. ; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 7V
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. $33 'Jolden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEAVING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Ppear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND St IHITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, n.ay be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send 6tamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1022H Market, nr. 6th. Always consult the beat.
MM 1 ?. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies, 50c; gents, |1; sittings. $1 50. 12* Turk
C STEERS, medium, 1124 Oak St.; circles
Tues. 8 p, m. ; Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; $25c; read-
lngs |1.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MRS. EHRHORN. clairvoyant and healing by
faith; meetings Tues. & Thur. cv. 226V4 Clara.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
GYPS? life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading; 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7tolo p. m. 105 Larkln.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth ft , near Mission.
MRS C. .T. MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat. :2&Sp.m.,loc&2nc;slttings daily.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. ;>; ladles. i>l4 O'F.ir^ell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 2W. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ALMOST new cottage of 4 rooms. 3272 Fol-
Rom st.: rent $10; key at 3:.0 Preclta aye.
SUNNY cottage, 5, 6 rooms: corner flat, 7 rms.;
bath, gas; cheap. 1876,15 th St., nr. Dolores.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; first-class condl-
ti-n. gas: W: large yard. 3<>24 Nineteenth !
COTTAGES-FIRXISHEI).
COTTAGE, 5 rooms; furnished complete for
housekeeping; piano: $15. 32 Dearborn St.,
rff Seventeenth, near Valencia.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 9*7
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
cr chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from Jl up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
lrotn J4 50 up' flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Fynol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plfttes, thinner
mid stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth palnlepsly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, H:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 yeans; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work: open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived fr~m New York
at McDowell Dressmnkinr School 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering — theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A~NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
an<3 Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRKS' ffuplneßS College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping. wrltlngEnß-
llsh, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, J6O; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters rh teachers;
Ellis system, sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1238 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil. eleotrfCSi, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864 VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 964
Adeline st., Oakland.
SINGING— J. R. OGILVIE, vocal studio. 1523
Scott St., near Post, for terms; daily.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons, 75c. S2O Golden Gate aye.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad. ; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. O. aye., r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night ; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bub-
» mess College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
J BOOKKEEPING. arithmetic.Rrammar. writing;
j day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlyplon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
' ORPHEVM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
; nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
: JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Gaary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED FEMALE.
■ FLHST^CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best reference; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter s^
FIRST-CLASS seamstress and chambermaid
' ilesires a situation; best reference; city or
1 country. MISS H. CULLINAN', 323 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; reference. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st. ; phone Main 651.
fTrST-CLASS chambermaid and^ waitress de-
sires a situation; city or country: reference.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st^
MIDDLE-AGED woman good cook and house-
uorker. $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN girl wishes situation at second work,
strong and willing. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
' SWEDISH houseglrl, good cook; best refer-
; ences. MRS. NORTON, 31S PutterjsT
COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
I FIRST-CLASS American cook desires sttua-
| tion; understands her business; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
j G( mi) American woman wants work by the
day; cleaning empty houses; also carpet
I cleaning and all kinds of work: fine worker;
$1 a day and care fare. 276 Jessie St., near
Fourth, first floor, room 1.
1 EXPERIENCED girl from New York wishes
| a situation as chambermaid and waitress; no
card*. Call 156 Clara st.. bet. Fourth and
Firth.
LADY would like a position as housekeeper
in widower's family. Call at 11 Taylor St.,
room 1.
WOMAN wishes situation as cook or general
housework, in country or city; best of refer-
ences. Apply 603 Minna st.
1 W<>MAN wishes situation as cook or genera!
housework, in country or city; best refer-
ence. Apply 155 Natoma st^
W( 'MAN wishes situation as cook or general
housework, in city or country; best reference.
Box 2035, Call office.
| GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework in Catholic family; wages $25. 7
Van Ness aye.
SWEDISH woman wishes to do general house-
work in small family; good cook: K°od refer-
ence. 235 Thirteenth St., near Howard.
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing; $1 Der day and carfare. Address
| Call Branch office. SOO Hayes st.
i AN old soldier's daughter wants position as
housekeeper. Address box VISA, c ;i l! office.
AN id lady for home and board and a little
money. 265 Shipley St.
' A YOUNG lady desires position for general of-
I floe work; bookkeeping, shorthand and type-
t writing; can give good references; small
I wages. Address box 2123, Call.
YOUNG lady going to Hawaii wishes position
as companion and maid; free fare for service.
Apply 100 Cook St., off Geary.
i MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow wishes a
situation as housekeeper in small family or
will take care of Invalid; call. MRS. WIL-
SON. 1532 Mason St.
DRESSMAKER; stylish fit guaranteed: even-
Ing dresses a specialty; $1 60 per day. Ad-
drpss box 2012. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants housework, washing
ami Ironing. 1651 Howard St.
' THOROUGH fitter on tailor suits wishes en-
gagements; terms, $1 50 per day. 402 Mason.
! A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
housekeeper where there are children; Ger-
nmn preferred; wages $14 per month. Apply
I 2312 Clay St.
j 2 EASTERN girls desire positions as cook and
second girl; best references; country pre-
ferred. Box 2249. Call office^
YOUNG woman will take curtains to wash at
home, or flannels. Address F., Call branch
office, 300 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH oftice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414"^ O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
\T!''X want. '. Man about 30; small
ranch or take charge of family home: good
milker, gardener, carpenter and painter. Box
I 2260, Call office.
LADIES' tailors— Cutter and fitter on ladles'
tailor Garments wants position. Box 2259,
j Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools; references. Box 2117, Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man; window,
housecleanlng or other work. HENRY AN-
DERSEN, 952 Bush St., tel. East 963.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $10
per week; city or country. Address box 2026,
■ Call office.
WANT situation; steward or manager In small
I house, with references; wide experience; good ,
reputation; great ability; sober and econom-
ical- capable to fill any vacancy In the house;
will go anywhere. GEO-. STALL, New York
Exchange, San Jose. •
j YOUNG Danish man wishes situation as coach-
man and gardener; can milk; handy with
tools; temperate habits: good references.
Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh St.. Oakland.
1 MAN and wife want work; man. first-class
I milker; wife, good cook. 4427 Mission road.
A GERMAN, 60 years, single, wishes to work
around house; understands the care of horses
and cows; is also handy with tools. Box
2243, Call.
TRAINED nurse and masseur desires evening
-engagements. Box 2120, Call office.
CHINESE first-class cooks and laundrymen
want situations; city or country. CHINESE
COOK, 623 Davis st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation In a
good family. Box 2024, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class coatmaker.
Address SIMON DALALIAN. Fresno. Cal.
WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with 15
years' experience In leading wineries of Cali-
fornia, wants like position; best references.
Address room 5, 337 East Fourth St., Los
Angeles. ■
YOUNG unmarried man wishes position as
clerk or barkeeper In hotel; years of experi-
ence; best of references; city or country.
Box 2110, Call office. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leria st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071V4 Market St., San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A 4-ROOM flat; 128 O'Farrell St., cor. Powell,
nr. the Orpheum; $12. Apply 16 Grant aye.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bo\h, yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
i FIFTEENTH, 2162— Nice modern sunny flat C
rooms, bath, basement; north of Market,
near car; rent reasonable; take Castro-st. car.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELU,
10 Montgomery st. , " .
JESSIE, 14'j4, bet. 13th and 14th— Upper flat, I
rooms, hall and cellar; no children.
. THIRD, — Latest Improved flats: Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms., one kitchen: new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
jo — 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished; N.
W. corner Post and Hyde sts. Inquire 805&
Geary st.
LOWER flat of 6 large rooms, with por-
celain bath. 643, Castro St., near Nineteenth.
; $9— UPPER flat, 4 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
st., near Seventeenth. . ■ . ■
UPPER flat of i rooms; large yard and stables.
2 Hay ward St., off Harrison.
1 2 NEW flats, sunny side view, 6 and 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, fine garden. 1014 . Thirteenth
St., near Scott. . •_  •
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Bruss«l carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting, 16c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. "••..', ■■;-
' FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale; no
agents. Call between 11 and 3, 7 Hyde st. 1
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpeta.furnlture.etc.; highest
price paid; postal. M. Silversteln, 1121 Market.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 869 Mission.
HELP WASTED s*__
RELlABLE~aKents~waiited. National Mutual
Maturity Co., room 209. Examiner building.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK, AiamedaTtfO. in family; must
have good reference. MISS H. CULUNAN,
323 Suttar st. -.. : > . ■.
TWO chambermaids and waitresses, San Ma-
teo, $20 each; second girl, sleep home, $18.
MISS CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St., phone Main
651. :j\ ' - -
YOUNG girl to assist housework, sleep home,
$12; French nurse girl, $20. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st. - '
CHAMBERMAID, city hotel, $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. ; -
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park. $25; Raymond,
$20, free fare; Alameda, $20; Oakland, $20;
Belvedere. $20; Ban Rafael, $25, and several
other towns; a number of housework girls,
city, $25, $20 and $15; 10 young girls to assist,
$10 to $15; 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country, $20 and $25; 4 second girls.
520 and $26 each. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323.
Sutter st. . ■:■■■
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
2 waitresses'* Dunsmulr, see party here, $20;
head waitress, $25, Bakersneld; 2 waitresses,
Bakersfleld. $20. fare here; waitress, Vallejo,
$20; waitress, Salinas, $20; waitress, Lathrop,
$20; waitress, Hanford, $20; waitress $26 city,
room out; 5 waitresses, city hotels, $20; 4
waitresses, city restaurant $5 to $6; chamber-
maid to wait, "Pescadero, $20; chambermaid to
wait, city, $20; laundress, hotel, city. $25;
! manglers. $20; cashier, restaurant, city, $6 a
1 week; cook, restaurant. Newman, $30; lunch
waitress, $cO. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
Protestant girl for cooking and downstairs
work; no windows to wash; small washing
for family of three.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10* Geary et.
40 GIRLS for general housework, city and coun-
try, $10 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
| Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German woman to wash
and iron; day work. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. .
NURSE. 1 child. 2 years old; $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child, 1% years old; $20; Santa Cruz.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Alameda, $20; San Rafael, $20;
Oakland, $25, 2 in family; Berkeley, $20; Palo
Alto, $25; Stockton, $25; Santa Clara, $20; 20
young girls, housework, $25 and $20: 10 young
girls to assist, $12 and $15, city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
COOK, $35; 2 cooks, German style. $30; nurse-
girl, $25; 2 nursegirls, $20 and $15; middle-
aged woman, $15, light work; waitress, $20;
chambermaid, $20; housekeeper, $15; ranch
cook, $20; 25 girls for the country: 10 young
girls to assist. $10 to $15; second girl, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 813 Butter St.
I WAITRESSES register^ free at HOTEL GA-
j ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.. room 12.
AN apprentice with experience on custom
coats; good pay while learning. CHICAGO
CLOCK CO., 1814 Market st
BY a littly— Young girl who can read and do
mending from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays
excepted. 1020 Van Ness aye.
NEAT young girl for Housework and cooking;
good wages; small washing; German or
Scandinavian prefd. 252) Vallejo. nr. Scott.
AN experienced chambermaid and waitress,
private boarding-house waeea $15. 619 Van
Ness aye.; call after 1'
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work. 1175 A
Market at.
WANTED— GirI for general housework: no
washing: (rood cook; 2 in family. Call at 418
Lombard st.. bet. 8 a. m. and 4 p. jn.
LADIES 1 clothes lroner. STANDARD LAUN-
DRY. 114 Hayes st.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. Inc., 541 Market St.
WANTED— Good girl, general housework and
cooking. 910 A Devisadero, near McAllister.
WANTED— A young, tidy girl for general
housework; email family. Apply 929 Sutter.
WANTED— GirI assist housework; wages $12
to $15. 1737 Sutter St.
I FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; also improved
apprentice; steady work. 6 Eddy at., room 91.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking. Room 72. 14
Grant aye.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 918 Sanchez
Ft., near Twenty-second.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking for Livermore. Apply 617 Steiner st.
WANTEP-A neat, capable girl for housework;
wages Ji.v 710 Hyde st.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom
made coats. 651 Folsom St., cor. Hawthorne.
FINISHERS on custom pants; also boy to learn
trade. 1039 Howard s>t.
GOOD reliable cook: also woman clerk for
delicatessen; experience. 224 Geary, room 29.
WANTKD— Girl for general housework; must
understand rooking. 1717 Geary st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to take care of
baby; good home. 619 Locust aye.. off Laguna.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work. 214 Seventh st.
GIRL for general housework ; sleep home. 3360
Seventeenth st., near Valencia.
FINISHERS and apprentlceg on coatß. 449
Minna st.
TAILORESS on fine coats; also an apprentice
paid while learning. 629 Post st.
! GIRL for housework; sleep home; wages $10.
[ 1628 Post st
} GIRL to assist in housework and care of baby.
771 Eddy st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD.. Branr.an
at., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED ranners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNKRIES CO..
LTD., Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 82H Fremont «t.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIB.
WANTED— FIrst-olass pants flnUhers on cus-
tom pants; steady work. 411 Vi Kearny St.;
top floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies" under-
skirts; a few apprentices. A. AARON. 579
Mission St.
WANTED— GirI to care for children; wages $10
to $12. 1532 O'Farrell st.
A GOOD girl for light housework; wages $10.
2777 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A Waitress at 619 Sacramento st. ;
no Sunday work.
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on cus-
tom coats. Bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 40 Ellis, r. M.
GIRL to learn pants making; paid while learn-
ing. 110 William St., off Geary, nr. Taylor.
»3 TO $6 a day made at home. Call at 472*4
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
GOOD finishers and operators on coats. 956
Washington st.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED hand sewers wanted. BUS-
BY'S GLOVE FACTORY, 207-209 Sacramento.
PANTS finishers and operators on coats; good
wages. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; steady work.
Call to-day 354 Geary st.
GOOD woman to do plain cooking in country,
$20. Apply 539 12th, near Harrison.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 6V4 Kearny
St., room 18.
S. F. dressmaking school; practical method:
also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
A BRANCH office- for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
BOXMAKERS: highest wages paid; apply Im-
mediately. California Canneries Co. Ltd., 425
Brannan st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZI.
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SERVICES of young man H hour a day In ex-
change for business education. Durham's
Business College, Supreme Court building.
TAILOR on custom coats; also apprentice,
paid while learning. 115,4 Harriett st.
FIRST-CLASS men to work In brickyard.
South San Francisco, San Mateo County.
GOOD coatm&ker to work inside. 2809 Green-
wich st.
DISHWASHER. Apply 448 Third rt.
LUNCH man, German preferred. 105J Market
street. (
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— 2 jobbing blacksmiths, $2 50 day and
board and $55; horse3hoer, country shop;
American farmers, steady job, $25 to $30; dai-
ryman and wife; woodsmen, $30 and $1 75 to
$3 day; coal miners, stablemen, carpenters,
teamsters, laborers of all kinds for both com-
pany and contract work, $1 75, $2 day and
$1 25 day and board; fruit pickers, hop pickers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Boarding-house cooks, $30 and $40;
hotel cook, country, $50; 2 oooks and wives,
country hotel, $55 and $65; night cook, $35; res-
taurant cooks, $40 and found and $10 week;
oysterman, $35; restaurant cook, French style,
$55; hotel and restaurant waiters, dishwash-
ers, Recond and third cooks and other hotel
and restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
MECHANICAL HELP
Harness-makers Upholsterer and clerk
Carriage painters Mill bench hands
Wood turners Coopers for winery
Setter for sawmill Band sawyer
Sash and door makers Cabinet makers
Wages for above are $4, $3 60, $3, $2 75 and
$2 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS
9 blacksmithß and horseshoers and helpers
for shops, dredgers etc $3 day $50, $40 and
$35 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
CARPENTERS ENGINEERS, ETC
12 carpenters, 20 miles from San Francisco, 8
hours' work, 9 months' job, free fare
$3 day and found
2 plain carpenters for a ranch, fare $150
$40 and found
2 carpenters, city job, 8 hours $2 50 day
3 carpenters for a manufacturing company,
fare 60c $3 day-
Night engineer, ranch, fare $1 50
$60 and found
Donkey engineer for woods, fare $2
$30 and found
Fireman for a mine $52
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TO THE~MINES...T
6 more miners, single hand
24 laborers (no experience), fare $1 25 $60
25 laborers (no experience), fare $2 50
$34 and found
20 laborers (no experience) $63
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MACHINISTS BOILER-MAKERS
2 boiler-makers, country, steady jobs
$3 75 day
2 machinists, country, steady Jobs $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
: AND SHIP MONDAY
To 38 sawmills and woods in California
183 men for different positions (no experience
requtri>d); wages $26, $30, $35, $40 and found;
SO different classes of work; you will suit.
We Pay MURRAY & READY,
Your Fares 634-636 Clay st.
TO THE FARMS AND DAIRIES '.
128 farm hands, steady jobs
$35. $30, $26 and found
5 plow teamsters, fare 25c $30 and found
10 milkers $30 and $25 and found
6 sheepherders, fare $150, steady job
$25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE
To every railroad in California (but one)
Stone masons, concrete masons, laborers,
teamsters, drillers, hammersmen, etc. ; wages
from $3 50 day, board and lodging $4 50 week.
(The one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad).
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
..HARVEST, FIELDS AND HAY BALING..
$3 FiO day.. l 9 strong men to bale hay.. s3 50 day
Derrick forkere, sack sewers,, hqpdowns,
cleaner tenders, fork driver, etc. $2 50, $2,
$1 50 day and found. MURRAY &. READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS— S3O and found
662 men and boys (no experience required) for
all parts of California; fares from 70c; office
fees, $1. 60 strong boys or men to cut beet
tops, $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED
Blacksmith and wife for a dredger, $70 and
found
S farmers and wives, $40
4 cooks and wives, $50
2 gardeners, $35 2 milkers and wives, $40
Bartender and wife, $40
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
36 choremen and boys for farms, shops, fac-
tories, manufacturing companies, loam 8
different trades, cash and errand boys, $30,
$26, $25, $20. $15, $10 and found and by the
week. GARDENERS. COACHMEN. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ERRAND boy; $S a week, for office ot, MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
34 two-horse teamsters, free fare $2 25 day
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $130 $60
35 laborers, fare 60c, manufacturing Co $60
38 laborers, fare 50c, no experience $60
25 drillers and hammersmen, free fare
$3 and $2 75 day
4 laborers, private, fare 20c $60
12 laborers to go north $63
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
STONEMASONS— STABLEMEN ........
14 stone and concrete masons, $3 50 day; 9
laborers, same Job. no experience, $60; slate
splitters, block makers; 7 stablemen, city and
country, $SO, $25 and found. $40. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
35 two-horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75 day, $40
and $26 and found
25 laborers $2 and $1 75 day, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND W00D5..........
Shingle Joggers, lathers, Jack screwers, shin-
gle Jointer, crosscut sawyers, tree fellers and
50 other jobs for mill and woods; wood chop-
pers, tlemakers, shingle bolt makers by the
hundreds — 973: tools and food found, fare paid
$2 sft, $2, $1 75, $1 cord ; 12c each ; $80, $75, $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BARTENDERS .... BAKERS .... LAUNDRY
2 bartenders, city $30 and found
5 lnundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
2 first hands 7 second, 6 third hand bakers
and boys to learn trade, $40, $35, $30, $25 $20
$15, $10 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT READ THESE
34 cooks $55, $50. $45. $35, $30, $25 and found
27 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
55 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $13 and found
3 pantrymen and 6 porters, 5 bell and elevator
boys, $30, $25. $20, $15, $10 and found
Broilers, second and third cooks, cooks and
wives. Above jobs are for hotels, restaurants,
saloons institutions, mines, camps, ranches,
etc. COME AND SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SECOND cook, $40; cook, $45; waiter. $30: 2
waiters, same hotel, $25; second cook, $50;
dishwaxher. $20 % HOTEL GAZETTE, 26
Montgomery st.
GOOD second cook wanted. UNITED STATES
HOTEL, 123 Eddy St.
STEADY man satisfied with $15 to $« per week
wanted for permanent place; light work;
must have $75 cash; experience not necessary.
1032 Market st.. room 4.
WANTED — Experienced grocery drummer; this
territory. Write R. T. ROYAL CO.. Louis-
ville, Ky:
BOY about 16 years of age to run errands and
make himself generally useful. 107 Sansome
Et., upstairs.
WANTED— Barkeeper. Corner Lombard and
Lyon sts.. Presidio.
BARBER wanted: steady; only first-class ap-
ply. 238 O'Farrell st.
COOK wanted. 629 Davis st.
WANTED— A tailor for repairing. 1042% How-
ard «t
QOOD tailors on custom coats; steady work. 106
Battery St., NE. corner Pino,
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 118 A Ellis st.
WANT a tailor for coats. 449 Minna »t.
PAINTERS wanted Monday morning; long Job.
463 Geary st.
WANTED— Shlnglers to contract shingling.
coursing park job at Ocean View.
EXTRA lunch waiter; used to coffee house
work. 612 Kearny st.
BOY wanted for grocery store; reference. 730
Bush St., corner Mason.
WANTED— A good and »ober waiter, man or
girl, at 8 Jackson et.
GOOD block butcher; $25 a month and found.
Apply 3318 Mission st.
TIN roofer. 642 Sacramento st.
GOOD coat maker on fine military work. 410
Kearny St., room 35.
TAILORS on custom coats; good pay; steady
employment. 236 Fourth st.
BOYS wanted. Apply at American District
Telegraph Company, 607 Market Bt.
GERMAN to do porter work; married pre-
ferred. Box 2255, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted at 17 Washington st.
ERRAND bqy for tailor shop. 339 Kearny st,
room 11.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 217 Fourth st.
NEAT boy, 15 or 16. for hat store. JANSEN &
THIELE. 104 Sixth st.
WANTED— Good boy to work around oyster-
house; $3 50 a week. 212 O'Farrell St.
DISHWASHER at 106 Second st; wages ?5 a
week and room.
8 GOOD house painters at 1926 Vallejo st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
( rooms; 25c per night; Uto $2 per week.
HELP WANTED MALE.
OFFICE open Monday 7 a. m. ; phone Grant
185. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
150 GRAPE PICKERS $1 and found
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County;
cheap fares
2 to 3 months' work. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen. at wages of
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure it from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
30 TEAMSTERS, $2 a day, board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, J2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75
a day Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st_
HARNESSMAKER, $1 25 a day and found; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & P., 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, $40 to $50 and found,
country hotel: washer, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geßry St.
WOOD worker, $2 60 a day; blacksmith, $2 50
a day; 2 men for Jr. Mon. hay press, 15c;
buggy washer. $25 and found; 14 almond pick-
ers $1 and found; 4 men for a salt works, il
a day: man about place, $30; plow hand.
$30 and found; cabinet maker, $2 50 a day;
2 carpenters, city, $2 50 a day; 5 box nailers,
piece work.
8 laborers for dry work on a reservoir, 52
a day. board $4 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ,
BUTCHER country shop, $40 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NIGHT clerk and tend bar, country hotel,
$20 and found, experienced young man. C.
R. HANSEN & CO._____ Gea_y_st.
EXPERIENCED hotel porter, curtains, car-
pets, furniture and baggage: references; $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
NEAT boy, about 15, for bellboy; no experi-
ence; $7 50 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ___
3 WAITERS. $9 a week; waiter, $10 a week;
waiter $40: 2 waiters, same country hotel,
$30: 2 waiters, same country hotel, $25, fare
advanced. __
Cook, $60 and found; cook, restaurant, $6o;
potwasher, hotel, $27 B0; vegetable cook,
hotel, $35; cook, country hotel, $10 a week:
silverman, $20: scrubber, hotel, city. $20;
country hotel, $20 and found.
Bellboy hotel city. $15; 2, $10 and found,
each. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STEADY WAITER In a restaurant. 1759V4
Mission st.
CANVASSER and collector; Industrial insur-
ance; salary. R. RALPH, 511 Mont-->mery.
PLUMBER wanted. J. B. BUTTER WORTH,
1809 Polk st.
THIRD hand or help«r In bakerey. 1529 Polk
street.
WANTED— A first-class cook at 29 Stockton st.
TO Tailors — Good eoatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop for sale cheap; fine
locations good prices; short hours. 503 Wash-
ington st.
COOK wanted at the Manhattan House. 825
Battery st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tohso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay St.
WANTED — Cook who can handle short orders,
prepare dinner and bake bread for country
lunch counter. Address box 2243, Call office.
WANTED — An able bicycle repair man; must
be unmarried and furnish rood references.
Address P. O. box 205. San Mateo.
FOR pensions, any claim against V. S., see
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building,
San Francisco.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiia.i Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 604-506 Davis at.
GOOD sober barber wanted for evenings, Sat-
urdays and Sundays. 529 Fourth st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
Ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 634 Pacific.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 6C2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush st., room 4, third floor.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, lac up. 923 Howard St.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San . Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138 ft Eighth st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINOi^E rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c • r night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863# Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market •♦ . below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BERBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie IS2.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 ooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11.
postage paid.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FAMILY horse, buggy, harness for sale cheap
for want of use. 303 Mission st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
H C DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
48 rooms on Market St.; rent $75 $1,800
48-room hotel in Oakland 2,600
SO-room house; clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2.200
60 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat; $150; 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600. ..7.... 6,500
86 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
21-ROOM house; rent, s4s; must sell. BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st.
$800— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$30f»— BARGAIN ; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market-
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$140—22 ROOMS; good location: all rented; rents
$30 per month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
LIST of lodging houses from 10 to 100 rooms
sold and exchanged; money loaned at IV4 Der
! cent. EITEL. 1008% . Market . st.
NEAT lodging house. 14 r. & b • nicely
fur.; paying well; N. Mrkt. Box 2032. Call.
$326— LODGING-HOUSE: 16 rooms; always fill-
ed; rent $45. Call 129 Third st.
HOUSES TO LET. '
FINE house. 6 rooms; bath, basemenP~and
good stable. 1109 Shotwell st.
2-STORY corner house of 6 rooms; bath, large
well lighted basement; marine view 2333
Leavenworth st., corner Chestnut. "
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
IK,* 0 get from BALDWIN & HOWELL
/ 10 Montgomery st. —--**.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts. ,„
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bean established at 1096 V*-
I&TICICL £*. ....
HYPNOTISM. -
P euT«. r ?« Uate .#K hyp !i? tlc » ch °°l-hoB P ital. 325
foment' with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND POUND.
LOST— Saturday, male fox terrier answer-lno-
name, of Gip; black spot on tail and black
and brown on shoulder arid head; brown ears
2922 Laguna at. near, Filbert! reward
ENGLISH setter doe. black, white and tan-
s^r^ve'^d!**: RetUr " tO 226 »"»&
SCOTCJT terrier dog; red spot on back • name
Don. Return to 3000 California st. "ss reward!
LOST— Short-coated St. Bernard. 191« Val-
ley st.; receive reward.
MEDICAL.
DIC' r W^N^r~WOo7~herb doctor; Chinese tea
and berb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay at., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. !i42 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 610
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market St.. between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS ALLEN, ladles' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. in.
E*_ WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason at.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mia-
slcn St.. above Sixth.
BARS counters showcases, shelving, mirrors.
_bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ONE 6 H. P. alternating motor, $6; 1 roll top
oak desk, large new, cost $70, for $45; 500
loaded shells, $; per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors,
860 Market st.
A RARE chance; Just forfeited, 2 14-karat gold
stemwinding American watches; price $28
each: originally cost $65; money back if not
as represented. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and pump, or take
a horse in trade. 1218 N st. South.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order;
complete. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
FOR sale — First-class sei-ond-hand cooperage;
35 oval oak casks, 6 10.000-gallon tanks, 20
ifiOO-gmUon tanks, 150 puncheons; steamed
spirit barrels, $1 SO up. A. PETZOLD, 27
Broadway.
SECOND-HAND billiard tablf in good order;
complete, 835 Folsom St., WM. BATEMAN.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tha
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.,Cal.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.; complete and
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suits. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks c changed,
repaired: furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson »t.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CASH paid for standard make upright pianos.
Address box 1340. this office.
WANTED — A double circular portable sawmill
and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address
Postofflce box 40, Qulncy, Plumas Co., Cal.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, 100 flrst-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE Klmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
-1 land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
• ANY amount of 6ft per cent on real estate, 3d
: and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
• AT reduced rates on estates in probate, rent«,
chattel mortgages, real estate, country prop-
erty. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 692 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— 5 years; gilt-edge security;
interest paid quarterly. Inquire 635 Sutter st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. :--!'.■;'
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -".■*"
GREAT gale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. Get prices at
once.
TWO fine walnut second-hand Decker & Son
Pianos They are bargains you should not
miss, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
STEINWAY upright; party must have money;
make offer. Room 12 Flood building.
A BEAUTIFUL Arion: $90 cash; call after-
noons. Room 12 Flood building.
W. G4 iiADGER, 4U Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A— UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous \
Hornung Bros. '. pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; n;w scale; new styles. KOH-
LER, & CHASE. 30 O'Fan-ell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'T.T.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Peslrable offices. $12 50 to $20. .-;-•--■ .-
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
. main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted— Man or woman to take
charge of kitchen: none but good cook need
apply. Box 2010. Call. ■
WANTED— SISO partner In chicken business;
fine chance; near city. Box 2023. Call, j.? ;
PERSONALS.
TO whom it may concern — I will not be re-
! sponsible for any debts contracted by my
wife, Mrs. Maria T. Boothe, after this date,
September 9, 1899. A. E. BOOTHE. - '
WOULD like to see the relatives of O. JACOBI-
SON, who died in Dawson, born in Gotten- ;
burg, Goteberg, Sweden, regarding his estate.
, ED. WIBURG. 1227 Pacific st, San Francisco,
Cal. zr ■ ■ ' -
. LEDERER'S Quintonica is the only hair tonlo
: that fills all requirements; clean, glossy hair
: results from its use; 35c bot. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is not only the leading hal'dresser.
but he restores gray hair to its orlgi^' color
: for $1 50 to $5; halrdressing 2:>c; switches, $1
■ up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ■
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton. »r. pro?"-
-i Eg way. There you can get most anything in tnai
line on easy payments; open evenlPK B -
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to* order at
, wl 'esale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome M.PERSONALS.
DRESSMAKING: party~dresses a specialty""
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable 116
Twelfth st •
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nacts for suits to order. $10 75; pants, 13 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tellorlng Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cat American and Foreign
Send tor Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
lie to $1 M per night; $1 60 to $8 per week;
free 'buf nnd baggage to &nd from the ferry.
WHAT have you to exchange for course in
. Spanish or singing? Bos 475, Ca'.l offlce.
Of leather Is carved In Mexico: beautiful
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
beautiful :soc, Mrs Butler, r. C5O, --'.T.n bldg.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor ha* : moved
from O'Farrell to 131 Eddy rt.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free.
Dry Mansfield & PcrterfieM. KN Mnrk«t St.
JAMES /. SORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to IC3 Sixth et.. !:ear Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: r.o> knl'ie; n<i injec-
ttcn; guarantd. Dr. Gordin.sl4 I'lne. ab. Krny.
A— Ladies' or tents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold: tcl. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1C23 -em st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Ma''-* St.. K. 7th and Bth.
WANTED—* ROW for manufacng. ■£). Nolte,
Jeweler. C 4? O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 j:.i?es. sent to any address ;n the
United Ft.Tte3 or Canada cm year for $1.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CORNER with or without bulldinsr: $5000 to
i*;.u\ •'■):■■ •■•■•• CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery.
PHYSICIANS AM> SURGEONS.
r.R. QRUVER, free treatment dally. 10
a. m. ar.d 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
L'R. C. C. O'DONXELL, cfftce and residence.
IO^H Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent.«-The Weekly Call.
IS -ages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
CHOICE PARK "LOTS
ON EASY TERMS.
THE BLOCK
Facing Golden Gate Park on H St., between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth avea., has Just
bee!i placed on sale in subdivisions. Already
a number of lots have. been suld. Have you
seen this bi-vck'.' Fifty of the best lota, every
one on grade with streets, which are officially
graded and macadamized. Plank sidewalks
and water mains laid all ready for building.
I'r'.ees ranging from $500 upward. Your own
terms. Interest on deferred payments only 6
per cer.t. As these lots face the park and Uie
new Nineteenth avenue boulevard, they will
eurely increase in value. Near the new music
stand anj all principal park attractions. Elec-
tric care pass the property. Take Ellis or
Haighl street cars. If you are wise you win
see them at once and secure your choice.
Branch office, corner of H st. and Ninth aye.
Open dally, Sundays included.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. |
10 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS corner on Point Loboe aye. at a
forced sale: 32:6x1'""?; only $I.V-); all of the
surrounding blocks graded and the lots now
being built upon: a fine chance to build up
a business: the only corner for sale In the
tract: easy terms; excellent location for store
and flats, and will pay well: a rare chance.
W. J. T NN, 410 Montgomery st.
ONLY $130<* for two lots on Twelfth aye., close
to Clement; ready for building: all street
work done: 25x120 each; rasy terms. W. J.
GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6. 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
•with all modern conveniences, fronting on
TVal>r. Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
tc $4C<O - terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
EON. Builder.
$32— WEBSTER, R2l. corner McAllister— sunny
corner rooms and I baths; a bargain. BHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE & C0..2C0 Montgomery st.
$20. .y.A_ BUSINESS property; good income; In-
'-. rrv iH't per month. Owner, box 2426. Call.
REAI ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$20.0i ■'/- VINEYARD; close to Napa City; 90
acres with wintry and all Improvements: this
wouid make one of the best resorts in Cali-
fornia. Mclaughlin A co.. '" . Market.
FINE level land, cleared, at Antelope, Sacra-
mento Co.: will lease for 5 years with privi-
lege of buying-, or will lease on easy terms.
McEWEN 8K0.5.. US Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postrald. for Si per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1610— Rooms for light housekeeping for
man and wife; private house; no other room-
ers. _!__
EIGHTH. 10U. near Market— Sunny furnished
bedroom and kitchen; reasonable.
ELLIS, S2*— Parlor suite: 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms'; hot and cold water; housekeeping.
FILLMORE, 2208. near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and watei\
FOLSOM, 525 — Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 week^
HARRISON, ■ Two sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; running water and use of
cook ttove; ient $3: private yard.
HOWARD, CC3H— Very large sunny room; two
■-men, or convenient for light housekeep-
ing : private. "
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
runny: far. h!ipg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up:ref.
LARKIN, 32ft— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete: gas range; bath.
mTn.N'A, 514— Two furnished rooms; complete
f.-.r housekeeping.
NINETEENTH. Three furnished rooms,
bet. Mission and Howard; $12. ____^___
O'FARRELL 125. corner Powell— Nice front
rocm. $5. Apply at IE Grant aye.
PINE 1427 — Or.c or two unfurnished rooms and
bath.
RINCON place, 2«, off Harrison, bet. First and
Second — View of bay; sunny room and kitchen
for lady or man and wife; no children.
SEVENTEENTH. 3733— Furnished or unfur-
nishfd rooms: very reasonable.
SHIPLEY. 259—4 rooms, $6; Natoma. 60, 2
rooms, $5. for hkpg.; no dogs, no children.
BUTTER, illl. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
THIRD. 316— Housekeeping rooms; suite and
single; $1 90 to $2 50.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; front; bath: gas.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms. Jl up.
TURK. ;.2!<— Sunny bedroom and kitchen: both.
13 per week; one room, $1 75.
TWELFTH, 40. nr. Market— Nicely furnished
front room, with use of kitchen. $6.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3278, near Valencia— s sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
WEBSTER. 616—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny cor-
ner frr.nt rooms: bay-window; suitable for
light housekeeping; no children.
WEBSTER. 711 r Large parlors and kitchen;
unfurnished; modern improvements; rent 115.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1058 Va-
1-ncia at
ROOMS TO L#T — Fnrn. anil Unfurn.
ABBOTSFORD (The*, cor. Broadway rind Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny.
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Koir.ellke house; modern service;, elevator:
bat:;; rocmi, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements and
EUbMriptiOSl has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia it.
A -BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
Uc to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per wee*, and
i.rjlit housekeeping; open ail night.
A NICELY furnished front sunny bay-window
rr-m with bath for gentleman; central. Box
ft 2250. Cal! office.
AT Now Grand 210 M— 2TO • • claai =ur.nyrms..
15c to ji (j a y; soc to $1 wk: also housekeeping.
BUJ'.NETT. 142<: MariceT (old No. USD— Fur- i
ru.-r.- 1 iirs ..-eijltrs. single: also unfurnished.
CARR'.T.TON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat»
aye.— Sunny corner; well Turn. rms. & offices.
EDDY. >23 (United ites .Motel)— neat
rooms, from (1 :m a week up.
EDDY, I:3— Furnished rooms, single and en
suite; a'-o for housekeeping; bath: gas.
ELLIS, Cl^— Large room for ! gentlemen; all
conveniences; . newly furnished: »S.
EXCELSIOR Hcu^.~l3~Turk. cor. Taylor-New
mangt.; gunny front Lay-wind, rms.: trans'nt.
FULTON, 2is. cor. Van Nes«— Neatly furnished
flat; 3 roomr; gas range, bath: also others.
GEARY. 403 <The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
roomn; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
BALDWIN Annex Lodgings (330 Market" at.)—
Central location: entirely new management:
c~ce suites and single rooKS at mod. prices, i
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny parlors, piano,
phone; other rooms; light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission *ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7S4Vj. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rms.; bath; homelike; $1 wk. up.
HAWTHORNE, 172, bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable. •
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. S2&— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1161 A— Bay-window room: 1 or 2
____n_et_or. ; with bath; board optional.
JESSIE. 47«. near Sixth— Nice furnished double
and jingle ___.
LARKIN, 621 — Newly and handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor suite; also desirable sin-
gle rooms.
MINNA, 571B— Nice sunny front room; $8 per
month.
MINNA, 667, cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
t window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. Single room; running water; to
a quiet person only; $5; no sign.
NAT' >: 207. near Third— Sunny front room
for gentleman. __
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up: also hskpg.
O'FARRELL. 314 A —Changed hands; newly fur-
i nished rooma; all conveniences; single or er.
; suite; transients solicited; 50c up; phone 1299.
I O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PERRY. 131—5 rooms to let: rent $12. Call 165
Ban Carlos five., bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth eta., Mission.
POWELL. Sl7 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
: POWELL. 5C9, above Sutter— Newly furnished
rooms, with or without board; home cooking
j exclusively.
i ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. Ssc to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S: month. $S to $30: elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat. ; baths.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished rooms; sun-
ny nil day: nice lawn; modern conveniences.
! SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— urnlshed and unfurnished.
i SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hlllsdale House— Ele-
| part furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
SUNNY elegantly furnished front parlor; cen-
tral location: gents preferred;' privileges;
I rent $30. Address box 2116, Call office.
j THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay.-
-j window rooms, double or single; rent low. *
' THE H»ath. 312 Eddy st. — First-class rooms
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
j modern: all conveniences.
THIRD. 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room for
man and wife; other rooms for gentlemen.
VALENCIA. 117— Two nicely furnished rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
pestage paH
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates 201 Fourth st.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
! BAD tenants eject: for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms "-IV tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CAI.A. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay .3.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
■ "^ — — — "^ — -^ — * — - J— ™ — *^—»
TO LEASE.
I FOR RENT— Fine place for a chicken ranch;
! over 7 acres; fine house, barn, chicken houses.
pigeon yard, large brooder house. Incubators,
garden, tine water, etc.; only 40 miles from
the city; close to nice town: rent cheap to
good tenant. Apply to THOMAS BROWN,
Sonoma. Cat
1 AUMEDA- ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. S and 9 rooms and bath each: first-class
neighborhood: near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
I gains; cheap lote for cash arid houses to let
I In ■.:' parts of Alameda.
j $2200— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month:
■ fine, nearly new cottage; In a good nelghbor-
f hood: near High School and station.
12500— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school: great bargain; worth
$3500; any terras: same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6; fine, new, modern <5-rocm
■ cottage; near High School and station; $500
: cash and $23 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125: cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete: near station; easy terms.
$1000— Let 33:4x103: with a fine modern cottage
, of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all done: near station and school; $100 cash,
! balance $20 per month.
$2850— 55""> cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton &t.
$3250 — $500 cash, $25 per month: less than
rent; lot ♦0x160; elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st.. near Morton-it, sta-
tion: best bargain in Alameda; elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye, and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
• . 1432 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale— Bargain; in Alameda, near Bay-st.
station; house of two flats and all modern
Improvements. For further particulars In-
quire at 231 Stevenson St., Pan Francisco.
ABOUT finished, modern, 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage, i rooms;
lots sf-xl50; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St.. Mastlck station, Alameda.
SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
150: good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. BCHULTE. 1812 Chapin.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per, year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and
cold water shower baths; steam heat, tele-
phone near station; breakfast If desired;
i every home comfort. 2101 Central aye.
i HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
1 grounds: private. MRS. DR. FTJNKE. Ulfh
BERKELEY ADTERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
n
$1700— HOUSE of " rooms and bath; lot 50x135;
on the gunny side of street; only 4 blocks I
from University grounds and 2 blocks from
railroad. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
ONLY 3-story house of 7 rooms; lot lf>Gx
j 125: near Piectric railroad: Just the place to
I raise chickens. JOS. J. MASON.
I Real Estate, adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
I 3 LOTS on high ground: short walk of univer- :
( sity: must be soli; also 3 modern houses build-
Ing: 2 minutes of main entrance to U. C. M.
L. WURT.S. 17th st. and Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9O« BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! $3iOO— A FURNISHED new Gothic Queen Anne
style house, 6 rooms and basement room and
attic;' everything the latest -s tyle and finish;
sec-Ing Is 'lievlng: call early; owner Is retir-
ing from housekeeping: property cheaD at '
t4',00. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. j
I OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR I \LE.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. .
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1 (25c per |
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Com- ;
pany will be payable at the office of the j
company, 227 Market street, on or after Frl- j
ay September 15th, IM)3. Transfer books |
wiil close on Friday. September Sth, IS9S, at
3 o clock p. m. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (35 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market at., 0:1 and
after Monday. September 11. 1893. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. " September a,
IS9$. at 2 o'clock p. m.
' E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 1899.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for new pattern boots— Depot
Quartermaster's office. 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, Cal., September 2. 1839.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
September 13, 1599, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing 5000 pairs of new
I ntt^rn boots, conforming to standard and
specifications, adopted August 23. 1599. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
1 riot and quality being equal (including In
the price of foreten production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
wil! be giv<>n to angles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on th"
rarlfic Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion requlrfl by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any of the proposals or ar.v part there-
of. Information anrl blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro-.
posals for now pattern Boots," and addressed
to Captain OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quar-
termaster. U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
UNITED States Engineer Office. Flood build-
ing, ban Frar.cltco. Cat., August 8, 1599—
Scaled proposals for dredging in Stockton and
Mormon channels. Cal.. will be received here
until 12 o'cl-ck noon September 12. 1599. In-
formation furnished on application. W. H.
HF.UER. Major Engineers.
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b? handed
in at either of the publication Offices and be
in^ r^ed with the name and residence of per-
luthorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CARSTENS— In this city. August 29, 1599. to the
wife .if !!■ tens a son.
CASHEN— In this city, September 9, 1399, to
wife ■ ! J !m T. Ca^hen. a son.
DAVISON— In this city. August 31. 1899, to the
wife of W. H. Davison. a daughter.
HELLMAN— In this city. September 10. 1599, to
the wife of I. W. Hollman Jr.. a son.
MILLER— In this city. September 3. 1599, to the
v.;f- ..f A. H. Miller, a daughter.
MABRIED.
LIGHT— HANLON— In this city. September 9.
ISM, i ■■• the Rev. Dr. Stebblna, Charles R.
Llpht and Kmma H. Hanlcn.
DIED.
Aborn, Dr. Edward S. Ju?th, Maurice
Bruns. Cl - King. Austin
Bachert. Abraham Lennon. Sister Mary
Iwin, I.y lla A. .!*• Panl •
Cassidy. Mary E. Mallett. Capt. John
Conradl, Elsa ?. O'Neill. Edward A.
Delany Mary O'Cohnell, Ethel
George R. O'Leary, Nellie
ry J. Richter. Capt. Reln-
I ! r-wln, Henry hold
Hutchinson, Chaa, E. Reddy, Michael "v> .
Hurley. Hannora Rafferty. Edward
Haley E!!.>n Schroeder, Capt. WII-
Hahn. Henry A. Ham H.
Hammers, Lillian W:igner. Augustus
Wallace, Elizabeth C.
IBORN— In this city. September S, 1599, Dr.
loved husband of Alberts
Aborn, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 60
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Monday, at 3 o'clock, from his late res:-
-."! Sutter fctreet. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BRUNS— In Byron. Contra Costa County. C H I.,
1899, 'Maup. dearly beloved and
Henry and Helene Bruns, and
brother of Bertha, Willie, Henry. Helene and
c,. ice Brun*. a native of Byron, aged 3
months.
BA'HERT— In this city. September 9, 1*99.
Abraham Bachert, a native of Germany, aged
6.*. years.
C?"Frifnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funTal services
utow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
crematory chapel, I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theo. Dierks. :• .-. Mls-
■ st.
BALDWIN— In this city. September 10, MM,
Lydla A. Baldwin, widow of EHhu F. Bald-
win, and beloved mother .if Mrs. Adella Pet-
tltplerre. 1 Evening papers please copy.)
[[_->- Funeral services will he held to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, at the residence of
Mrs. Adella Pettltpletre, 10214 Oak street. In-
terment private.
CASSIDT— In this city. September 1". 18M,
Miry X.. re!i< t of William Cassidy, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 6S years.
Cy Remains at the parlors of the Henry .1.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
CONRADI-In this city, September 10. 1599.
Elsa S beloved and only daughter of Emma
and the [ate William Conradl, a native of San
Francis . aged :'3 \.>.irs and 7 months.
DELANY- In this city. September 9. 1899,
Mary beloved relict of Patrick Delany. and
■ d m-ther of Mrs. M. McDonald and
Mrs E. ''ashman, a native Of Ireland.
(r/jr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, MM Buchanan street, thence to Sacred
H.--.rt Church, corner Fell and Flllmore
eta, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
ELLIOT- In this city. September 9. 1899, Gp.rre
}'. beloved husband of Stella M. Elliot, and
son of Mrs F P. and the late H. C. Elliot.
I a native of San Francisco, aged tt yean>. Suli
1 hief ranger Of Court Robin Hood No. 1, F.
of A.
FOLEY— In this rity, September 9, ISM, Henry
■ j beloved husband of Thau A. Foley, and
father of Waltpr J. Foley, a native of Phila-
delphia. Pa., aged 4." years.
E7 X"t lce of funeral hereafter.
GF.RWIN— At Point Richmond. Contra Costa
County, cal., September 6, 1899, Henry Ger-
wln. beloved nephew Of Mrs. M. A. Weh-
moller and cousin of Mrs. Lizzie Miller, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged V, years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of rheo. Dierks, r< " Mission street. In-
t<--rTient Masonic Cemetery.
HUTCHINBON— In this city. September 7. IW.
Charies E.. beloved husband of Margaret
Ruby Hutchinson. father of Marguerite R.
Hutchinpon, son of John Hutchinsnn. and
brother of John Hutchinson Jr.. a native of
San Francisco, aged 3.1 years
|CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
> M "nday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California T'ndertaklng company, 40..
I'., \v-»ii street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cenv ' •
HI'RLEY- An anniversary requiem high mfiss
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Hannora Hurley at Sacred Heart
Church, to-morrow 'Tuesday), at 10 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
HALEY- In this city, September 10, 1«99. E!l°n,
beloved wife of Richard Haley, mother of
Maty T.. Alice 15.. Hlchard F . Annie Loret-
t.. ('"cella. Genevleve. Madeline and Claire
Haley and the late Raymond Haley, and sis-
ter of John. Daniel and Bart Minehan and
Mrs. .1. Driscoll of Vallejo, a native of Ire-
land, aged 44 years.
HAHN— In this city, September 10, \K<9. Henry
, A., beloved son of Henry R. and the late An-
! nie R. Hahn, and brother of Anna Ha.hn, a
i native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
! 22 days. .
HAMMERS -In this city. September 10. 1599.
Lillian, youngest dfiuphtT of Albert and Hr»t-
t:> Hammers, and sister of Mrs. A. T. Brown,
Mr«- A. KlsettCh. Mrs. S N*p.-dioh and Fred.
Albert. Willie, Eddie a!i'l <;e,, r gi.> Hammers,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 10
months and 3 days.
JI'STH — Killed in action at Malate trenches.
August L IR9S, MauriC" .Tusth. beloved nephew
of Henry and Johanna Wehser, and cousin
of W. E. and G. Weh= n r and (}«>or(re Lazar. a
native of }*r":-r -irs. Austria, aged 2.', years.
£3' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite*! to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at l:W o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted &- Co., 94i5 Mission street. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
NtING — In this city. September 9. 1599. Austin.
! dearly beloved husband of Delia King, a na-
tive of Ireland.
$y Notice of funeral hereafter.
LENNON -At the Presentation Convent. Pow-
ell street. -September S, 1599, Sister Mary de
Pazssi Lennon.
E~7"A solerr.n requiem map." at the convent
this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crcms Cemetery.
MALLETT- In this city, September 10, 1899.
Captain John Holland Mallett, beloved hUH-
i band of Helen Tennent Mallett. and father
! of John Holland. Charles F. Mallett and Mrs.
j Florence M. Hinohman, deceased, a native of
Engiam. aged 77 yean.
EXNotice of funeral hereafter.
O'NEILL— In Manila. August 10, IS9?, Eiward. j
lis of the late Dennis J. and Mary A. |
0 N' lll and brother of Mrs. J. C. Young and I
h S., John C. Frank D., Thomas J. and I
Robert E. O'Neill, n native of Nevada City,
. ;iged 20 years and 27 days.
(r7"Frlc?ndi< and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
Iy\ Dday), at *■ :so o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street. !
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a !
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
f.r the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
I o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
1 BORROMEAN Council No. 12y. Y. M. L— Mem-
bers are hereby notified to assemble at the
undertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.,
j 767 Mission street, this day (Monday), at
I S:3O o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
I brother. Edward. A. O'Neill.
E. J. CoFFEV, Pros.
O'CONNELI/— In this city, September 10. 1«.93
Ethel. Infant daughter of John and Sarah
; O'Connell. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
I months and 24 days.
I O'I.EARY-In this city, September in, 1R99,
I Nellie, beloved daughter of Patrick and Julia
O'Leary. and Plster of Timothy. William
Bessie and Harry O'Leary, a native of Sari i
t HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St.. between CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1235 Market »t.. between fcth and 9th.
Telephone South 247. ,
■ .
Francisco, aged 20 years 2 months and Ii
days. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
CT Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 611 Tennessee street, i thence to
St Theresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
RICHTER— At Camp Dewey, P. 1., August 4.
1888 Captain Reinhold Richter of Company I.
First Regiment California. O. S. V. Infantry,
" beloved husband of Louise Rlchter, and father
of Emma. Reinhold, Louise and Marguerite
Richter. a native of Austria, aged 42 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 546 Mission street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery. Presidio.
REDDY— In the City and County Hospital. Sep-
tember 9. 1599. Michael W. Reddy, a native of
New York, aged 49 years.
RAFFERTY— In this city. September 10. 1899,
Edward, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Susan
Rafferty, anil brother, Of Minnie Rafferty. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2S years and ;
month?.
[C?* Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
parlors of James McMenomey & Son. 1057
Mission St., near Seventh.
SCHROEDER— At Nushagak. September 1, 1899.
I Captain William H. Schroeder. dearly beloved
husband of Caroline Schroeder, a native of
. Hanover, Germany, aged 45 years 8 months
and 7 days. j
(CTNotice Of funeral ■ hereafter.
WAGNER— In this city. September S, 1399, Au-
gustus H.. beloved husband of Rose Wagner,
' a native of Russia, aged 44 years and 11
months.
■ tC7"Frlends :ind -acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
F. arid A. M Interment" Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery- Remains at residence, northeast corner
' Nineteenth and Noe streets.
WALLACE— In Oakland, September 9. ISM,
Elizabeth C. beloved wife of Richard Wal-
lace, anl mother of May E. and J.H. Wai-"
" lace, aged 46 years and 3 months.
(C?"Frlends an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 940 Wood street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment St. Mar) 's
Cemetery, Oakland.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary L Stuart and Virginia H. Thibault to
Christian H. Westphal. lot on N line of Broad
way 37:<! W of Octavia. W 35 by N 100; $10.
Annie Walsh to Patrick Walsh, undivided
one-quarter of lot en N line of Bush street,
UO E 1 t Buchanan, X 27:5 by N 137:G; 11000.
Annie M. dl Vecchlo (formerly Kelly) and
George W and James H. Kelly to William C.
and Cath;i Kromberg. lot on W line of Scott
etreot. 62:6 S of Page. W 100 by S 25: $2500.
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaac
Anderson lot on E line of Fierce street, 191
S of Wailor S 25 by E Sl:3, lot 12, block 2,
Marion Tract (Hosi Ital li t>; $10.
jam?? Harrower to Mary A Harrower, lot on
NW corner of Nlnete- nth and Lapidge streets,
W 30 by N 100; gift.
Harry W. Rulison tc Winnie A. Rulison 'wife
of H. W), lot on S line of Hill street, So
E of Castro, E -" by S 101r<; also undivided
two-sevenths interest in lot on NE corner of
Tw.-nty-eighth and Pouglass streets, E 152:9
by N 114; $1 and gift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Bertha
■ Muraskl, lot on N line of Twentieth street,
: 25 E Of Hartford. E 25 by N M; $10.
3 sephine Btuxome to Joseph Bluxome. lot
on E line of Churoß street. 260 S of Twenty
third, N 121 by E 7: : also lot on NW line of
1 Valencia stre.-t. 305 N'E of Twenty-ninth. NE
3T NW 240 SW 33:4. SE 174:6: also It n
E 'line of Sanchez street, 230 N of Twenty
! third, N 32 by E 13! : $■"- M
Elizabeth A Heydehfeldt" to Oxen O. Hey
denfeldt. revocation I trust, parties agree to
terminate trust crea-*<i by deed dated August
, ...... : ,.).; record' I August 29,1899, in I*2'J
d 309; al*.. lot on N line of Jackson street, SO
I W of Drumm W M by N 120: also lot on SE
corner of Howard an 1 Eighth streets. NE 137:fi
by BE '. ■'■'■ •' also I I n SE corner of North
Point and Stockton streets, 8 137 :-i by E 275:
also lot on N line jf Post street. 110 W of
Lark'n W W:fl by N 120; also all interest in
of Solomon Heydenfeldt. No. 10.137; .
! James A nr.<s Margaret Bullard (br Frederick
H Peakin and F. A Leigh, trustees) to D. J.
i Buckley 1847 .1 2SI, I C U d MB, lot on E line
of Hyde street, W:! B of Oreenwieh, s 6s:.<
by E 137:« trustees leed; 11700.
Edith H. Bryant t ■ Solomon Getz. let on E
■ line of Twelfth avenue, 200 N of Clement street,
i N 25 by E 1* . H '-
John ar.d Ada M. Hinkel to Thomas C. Mc
■ Avoy lot on W lln- of Twenty-fifth avenue.
200 S of Clement B X by W U0: $10.
charle* and Elizal -th L. Justi to Carrie
; Ludemann (wife "f John), cubdivislons 1. :'
: and 3 of lot S. and subdivision 1 of lot 10,
i block 2SS Hunter Tra t; 110.
Builder's Contract.
J. P. • and E. Trolllet (owners) with* M. Levy
(contractor), architects Oliver Everett and G.
A Berger— Plumbing, sewering and gasfltting
for a building on E line of Polk street. 102:S 1 -i
S of Washington, E 137:6 by S 25; rough plumb-
Ing tested, #8i 33 1-3; completed and accepted,
$4*5 41 2-3; thirty-five days after. $291 25; total,
$1165.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J B Goerxon. Salinas A D Thomson. N V
' J X Hymert. Reno R J King. Hanford
i D C Mitchell, Moscow G W Richard. Carson
Island J C Slater. Honolulu
iW H Hart, St Paul Mrs G Mayfteld, Hon-
H L Hlggins. SS Sher- olulu
' !dan AJ. lies. S L Oblspo
C M Daley. Ist S D J ii Porter, Salinas
! J S Wilson. St Paul C B Simmons. Vlsalia
j G C Blßnd, Minn ; M SinsabSugh, L A
! C Hartmann. Minn F W I)lck.«on. S Rafael
S H Williams. Mayten A T .grazzini. Cal
J Healey, ivialuma P Tngrazzini, Cal
H S F;iul. N V rk J F Goodwin, S Maria
R S Paul, New fork C R Ingersoll &w, Cal
i Lt Patrigen. S D N OottM, Petaluma
i L H Rolit.in.s. Oakland J Canfleld. Oakland
Hi -hmoriT!. 31st In- G F Wheeler. Or
j fantry T J Kirk. Sacto
H S Johnson Nebr J Craig & d. Cal
! Dr J W Buwarthy, LA J C Bryan, Chicago
: E H Quimby. Kan <"'ity 1 Rummelsburg. Cal
! W T Toilette. S D R Cosner. Colusa
T W Tauburen. S D |J C Mogk, Colusa
M H Kelly, S D !T H Howard. Colusa
J A Shanks, Chicago :F Treekow, Crockett
Alice Clark, I/-!' Any H C Bates, Cal
1 M J Keeler. Chicago D J Healey &w, Cal
I J Steinhart & w, Cal T C Lord, S Rosa
H Weber. Berlin ? Bancroft, Merced
J Lasher & w, S Jose A Meyer. Modesto
J S Hebbron & w, Cal L Jaffe & w. Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
2 L Ament, Ohio >I Haubltiober. Germy
i" F Bradley, Stanford M Beckman. Germany
ft' W Bush, TJ S N : Mrs Richter, Germny
E H Klmbnll. Chl<-ag Miss B Bryan. L Ang
5 C Havens, Oakland c c T Inloes. N V
'. f A H Nickels, U S NjA B Browne. Wash
c Cobbledlnk. Oaklnd M Bchwederaky, N V
Mrs Cohbledlnk. OakdlC Dobblesteea, Stockn
H C MePlke, Oaklnd J W Allen. Kans
Mrs MePlke. Oakland Mrs N S Allen, Kans
i 0 M Smith. D S A iMrs Howard. Kans
1 C O Hisglns. Ohio jMlss Howard. Kans
E C Merwln. Ohio M Btorey, Boston
J J Dosley. N V Mrs M Storey, Boston
Dr W Hendryx. L Ang E B Voigtly. Pa
Mrs Dr Hendryx. L A Mr? X B Voigtly, Pa
T Wiener. N V J T Kean. S D
: J Moerleln. (^hlo E S Babcock. Comndo
J C Dusenberry. Ohio Gen Korff. Germany
S X Llndloy. Los Ang Gen Ri van tier, Germy
0 P Jenkins. Stanford Dr I'flueger, Germany
1 W Brooks. Arizona M Gerlacn, Germany
IL R Sargent. I* S N Mrs Zdndohle, Germy
H Bowie' I' S A N nijur. N V
1 R Yoe. London iMrs N Bljur, N V
M J Keeler, Chicago K'apt A Tate, London
A B Adams. Mexico W J Uusseil, N V
G B Daniels, Mexico Mrs Russell. N V
J S Hill. PR D Davis. Wash
R C Coilers. V S V T H Hulford. Ariz
J H Mat son. U S V W Sheels. Sacto
M Mayer. Germany Mrs Shep] s , Sacto
NKW WESTERN HOTEL .
G W Wright. R Diego E G Land. Vallejo
i J Wellnnkotter. "5 Jcse II C McKeam, Stkn
j V Castles. Seattle J 1 MeDerltt, Stkn
G Ashley. Gllroy G TiouplasF, 3 Jose
J J O'Connor. Vallejn : T W Shore. S Rosa
M C Strahan. Chicago J Green. Idaho
F J Kearney. Sacto W M Hoover, Stkn
T Greco. Callstoga J B Sllvey. Alvarado
L" Smiley. Idsih.i H Hopkins. Fresno
G Kaness, S Jose IF J O'Connor, Seattle
\ Drake. Vallejo i
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Tlmp.)
SAN FRAN''IS( 'O. Sept. 10, IW-.i p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eure.ka M fan Diego 68
Fresno 102 Sacramento 96
Los Angela M Independence 90
Red Bluff 1 2fi Yuma 1() 2
San Luis Oblspo 78!
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 52: mean, ST.
WEVTHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th* pressure has risen steadily over Califor
nia. Nevada and I'tah.
Very warm weather prevails over the greater
portion of the country west of the Rockies. In
the great valleys of California the temperatures
are from 10 to 17 degrees above the normal, and
the weather is favorable for drying fruits. In
the Fresno district continued warm weather
favorable for raisin drying will prevail. Max
imum temperatures exceeding 100 degrees are
reported from many stations in the interior.
Along the coast low fog prevails with tempera
tures below 60 degrees.
In rhe vicinity of San Francisco there is a
vertical thermal gradient of one degree rise
for every N feet nt elevation.
A maximum velocity of wind of 28 miles per
hour from th© north is reported from Fort
f 'Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 11. 1599:
For Northern California— Fair Monday; con
tinued warm weather in the Interior: fo* on
the coast with cooler weather and fresh west
ern- Wil.'l*.
For Southern California— Fair; continued j
warm Monday.
For Nevada— Fair; continued warm Monday.
For I'tah— Fair; continued warm Monday.
For Arizona— Fair: continued warm Monday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Mon
day with fog In the morning and In the after
noon; fresh to brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. \
HUNT HAS BEEN
WEAK IN THE
HEAD FOR YEARS
Met With an Accident
at Yakima.
HIS BRAIN WAS INJURED
THREATENED TO KILL HIS OWN
BROTHER LAST FRIDAY.
Robert Hunt, who shot and killed
i George Elliott in a saloon at Steuart and
Howard streets, Saturday night, and
wounded E. R. Knippenberg, continues to
emphasize the impression that he is men
tally unbalanced. He appeared to be
more rational yesterday, but when he got
excited, began to talk in the same crazy
way. He can give no other reason (or
his deliberate murder of Elliott other
than that his victim had a "buck" tooth.
Hunt was visited yesterday afternoon
by his brother Clement They conversed
together for more than an hour. All the
time the murderer was quiet and talked
rationally.
Clement Hunt, after leaving his brother, |
said that Robert had been irresponsible ;
for his actions .for the past four years, \
but none of the family imagined that he
would commit murder.
"Four years ago," said Clement Hunt,
"my brother, while in the employment of
Simpson, at Yakima, on Puget Sound, !
met with the accident which made him j
crazy. He was ask-ep one night in the j
store when it collapsel and it was a won
der that he was not killed outright. A
knob of one of the doors struck him on
the head, penetrating his skull and affect-
Ing his brain. Since then he has been
mentally unbalanced.
"Friday night I was packing his trunk
when all of a sudden he went to the bu
reau drawer and to by surprise brought i
out a revolver. He pointed it at me and
said he was going to kill me. I felt that I
he would carry out his threat and had j
the presence of mind to talk to him quiet- i
ly. telling him 1 was not prepared to die. |
My first impulse- was to spring upon him i
and take the revolver from him. but the j
chances were against me and 1 temporized
with him. After a while he put the re
volver in his pocket and I breathed freely.
1 was in hopes he would put it back in
i the bureau drawer and I would have
seized it.
"My brother shows the effects of the
falling of the house at Yakima on his
Bkull, as the wound is plainly visible, j
j Prior to that he was a bright, young man. j
having obtained a first-class education. |
1 He was also a fine player on the piano." !
The preliminary examination of Hunt j
! has been assigned to Judge Mogan's ,
; court and will be called this morning and
continued pending the result of the Coro
; ner"s inquest. It is probable that the
! Judge will send Hunt to the Insanity !
t Vmrnissioners for examination as t'> his
.■ty.
i The condition of Ernest R. Knippinberg
at a late hour last night was easy, con
-1 sidering the nature of the wound. He
' had no fever and very little pain. Dr.
: Kearney has strong hopes for his re
j covery. No attempt has been made to
j locate" the bullet. It is thought that it
• lodged against the spinal column. This,
in a measure, would account for tht 1
numbness which he felt in the left leg
at the time.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sur\-ey—
Times and Height? at High and Low
■\Vaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francleco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf > about
twenty-five minutes later than at -Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11.
Sun rises o:48
Sun sets 6:24
Moon sets 9:54 p. m.
N< 'TE— ln the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column givee the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition to the soundings on the
t'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height.
and then th'» number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Th» plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. September 10.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, 29 days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS days, via
Honolulu 7 days 15 minutes.
Stmr Homer, Hlggln*. l'> days from St Mich
ael, via Cape Nome 15 days, via Unalaska 10
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. 24 hours from Moss
Landing- and way ports. -
Stmr Thistle, Anderson, 14 days from Bristol
Bay.
> Sc'hr Mary C, Madsen, 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
SAILED.
Sunday, September 10.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Somoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Bark Germania. Pearson. Seattle.
Schr Repeat. Olsen, "Willapa Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
■ - MEMORANDUM.
Per Homer— Left in port at St Michael, stmr
Bertha; at Cape Nome, schr Hera and schr
Maweema; at Dutch Harbor. I* S stmr Grant.
V S Ftmr Corwin. Br gunboat Icarlus and stmr
Garonne. . Stmr Cleveland, from Seattle for St
Michael, passing ; in. _■ , .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Inward Sect 10— i
« . ~ -..-.■
Schr Okancgan, from Honolulu for Port Gam
ble.
Parsed in Sept 10— Ship Louis Walsh, hence
Augr 16 for Tacoma: bark Carondelet, hence Aug
23 for Port Gamble.
Sailed outward Sept Bktn Kllkitat, from
Port Ludlow for Honolulu; schr Endeavor, -from
Port Ludlow for Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 10— Bark Car
ondelet, hence Aug 23.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 10-Stmr Noyo,
hence Sept 9 •
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept 10— Stmr Sequoia.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Sunol,
from San Pedro. ;
PORT TOWN-SEND— Sept MM-Nor
stmr Aker, from Nagasaki.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept Stmr State of
I California, for Sari Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmrs Grace Dol
lar and Weeott, hence Sept S; stmr North Fork,
hence Sept 9.
I NEWPORT— Arrived Sept Schr Lille
bonne, from Eureka; stmr Alcatraz, from Eu
reka. i .
BRISTOL BAY— Sailed Aug 27— Ship Bohe
mia, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr La Gas
ccgne, from Havre; stmr Cyrimtc. from Liver
pool.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 26— Schr Bangor,
from Port Townsend; bktn Amelia, from Port
Blakeley. Haw bark Andrew Welch, hence
| Aug 3. 29— Aus stmr S!am, hence Auk 19. 30—
I Ship Charmer, from Nanalmo; stmr Australia,
hence Aug 23. 31— Stmr China, hence Aug 25;
Br stmr Warrimoo. from Sydney; schr W F
Wltzemann, from Port Townsend. Sept I— Bark
Louisiana, from Newcastle, NSW; bark Al
! Bert, hence Aup 19; Haw ship Helen Brewer,
i from New York. 2— Br stmr Carmarthenshire,,
; from Yokohama; stmr City of Rio de Janeiro,
' from Yokohama; schr Eric, from Port Blake
; ley. 3 — Yacht Norms, from Yokohama.
j Sailed Aug 26— Jap ptmr Nippon Mara, for
I San Francisco. Bark Harvester, for Na
! naimo. Schr Mary E Russ, for Grays Har
j bor; schr Aloha, for Ran Francisco. 30— Ship
Dashing Wave, for Tacoma; schr Robert R
Hind, for Port Townsend; Br stmr Warrimoo,
for Victoria. Sert I— Stmr China, for Yoko
j hama: schr Robert Lewers. for Port Townsend;
. H B M stmr Egeria, for Fanning Islands. 2—
I Br ?tmr Miowera, for Sydney.
! KAHULUl— Arrived Aug 23— Brig Geneva, fm
■ Newcastle. NSW.
Sailed Anf Ship Reaper, for San Fran
cisco. 26— Bktn Ruth, for San Francisco.
Cleared Aug 28— Schr Eliza. Miller for Fan-
I ning;; Island.
! HONOIPU— SaiIed Aug 22— Schr Chas R Wil
| son, for Grays Harbor.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Bar
barossa. from New York for Bremen.
HAVRE- Sept 10— Stmr Touraine, fm
1 QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 10— Stmr Luca-
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 10— Stmr Luca
nia. from Liverpool for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Mans
! dam, from Rotterdam.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
! WaeMand. from Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
>t^ Steamers leave Broadway
jE3l>i» wharf, San Francisco.
|§k2w?W_ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
S*»sQB^ September. 3, 8, 13, 18. 23. 23.
: M£ R^Knaffjl October 3, Chans* at Seattle.
E?S*Si£* 5»1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
tU UdKl C.). Port Tctt-neend. Seattle.
! '^^•{ES¥S3rt Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. September 3. 8. 13. 18,
23 28, October 3, and every fifth day thereafter; <
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. !
P Ry ■ at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
! tember 1. 6. 11. 1«. 21. 26. October 1. and every
i filth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon.
: Cavuco* Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
! Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueaeme,
; San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and ,
i Newport. 9 a. m.. September 1. 5, 9 13. 1.. 20. I
25. 29, October 3, and every fourth day there- >
i a For Pan Diego, stopping only flt Port Har-
'< ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Lop Angeles). 11 a.
m . September 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. October 1.
i and even- fourth day thereafter.
! For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
j and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
i month. "•' ,-
For further Information obtain fole>r.
The company reserves the right tr change
I without previous notice steamers, mlUng dates i
i ar<l h««r« of nalllncr.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
! street (Palace Hotel).
! GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. G>n. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE I. B. ft N. Co.
> DISPATCH FAST BTEJ3diSRB TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
r«DC 812 First Class Including Bert* j
IAnC $8 Second Clas i and Meals.
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA *atls
Sept. ;. 15, 25; Oct. 6. 15. 23
; COLUMBIA sails. .Sept. 'i I, ?0, 30; Oct. 10. 20, 30
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ,
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
I?EW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PASI3.
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. 2C St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerrj.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington..... Sept. 20! Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. 13
Frlesland Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
' For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
j YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
! connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
i of Eaillne.
! NIPPON MARL" Tuesday. September 12
| AMERICA MARU Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip . tickets at re<j; »4 rates. For
freight and passage apply at . .l.pany's office
421 Market st., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
f!9EPAIK9II9 The a S - Australia
iJ^aWjSHJL sails for Honolulu
l"»it"""""^ Wednesday. Septem-
S ■ _. —^ ber 20. at 2p. m.
G**f*l'mA s - S - Mariposa Bails
rNPiiniSniDw via Honolulu and
GntfllllJlllU Auckland for Sydney
(OfTlF)'3f?W — Wednesday, October
! Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
: England, etc.; $610 first class. \
! 1. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts.. 114 Montgomery
; Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office.327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERATE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . nf>
! Sailing Every Saturday at 10 a. m. 'Cj_Kt"\
! from Pier 42. North River, • foot of •- "■ "**■
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Sept. 16: LA
' BRETAGNE. Sept. 23: LA TOURAINE. 'Sept.
> 30: LA NORMANDIE. Oct. 7: LA CHAM-
-1 PAGNE, Oct. 14. First-class to Havre, $63 and
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
i Second-class to Havre. $13. 10 per cent reduc- '
j tlon on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
1 UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. Ff-
I GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
err" aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS, j
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs, and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
' days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
I p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
i Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE 600
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
Sari Francisco to Chicago.
IHE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IHE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT a:M P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERT DETAIL. SEP.VINO MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AHI> REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCIBCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN ISU.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SA.N JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street. .
, RAILROAD TRAVEL.
movxnr.ns PACIFIC coaiPAirK
(PACifio sv*rw«.>
Tralna ifntc :»n<i m <• Uno to nrrlve at'
. Ul ii;*Mi«o. 1
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — Fa<sn AcoustS. 1399. — amut»
7:OOa Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento . . . 6:43*
7>OOa Marysvillo, OrorlUeand UediMnc »Ia _ •""■ ■
Woodland s : i5 p
7:00 a Elinira, Vacavillo and Rumsey SioOf
Martinez, San Uamon. Vallejo, Nap*, •
Calistoga and Santa Rosa «:15f
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Halt.. 9r*34
•i:«Ua San .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, ' riaoerville,
JlarysTllle. ( hico. lteil Uluff 4il.iF
S:3oa •Milton, Oakdaleaad t-onora 4:15p
8:30* Yossmite Valley via Oakdaie and '
Chinese I }?'
9:00 Hay wards, Nilcs and Way Stations. I 1:43 a
0:00 a Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 1S«18F
8t««A Fresno. UakersUold Santa Unrliara,
Lea Angeles, • Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East : «t4o»
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
1 1 :00a Haywarcia, Niles and Way Stations. 2:13r
12:00 m Kiles, Livermore. Stockton, Sacra-
- mento, Mendota. Hanford, Viaalia,
Pcrterrille 4:18*
•l«00p Sacramento Hirer Stei\mcra •8:00p
StOOp Haywards, Nile« and Way Stations. OtlSr
' 4:»0p Martinez, Ban iUaioii, Vallejo,
Napa, Cal!«*ogs. Santa Hosa Bilßa
4ioor Bcnicia, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lan-ling,
Marrsrllle, Orotillft 10545 a.
• 4«SOpJJi:e3. Han Jc«oaua Stockton ....... 7:l»p
4:30p Yotiemito Sleepicg Car for Raymond 12:13p
OiOOpXhe Ori. Tracy. Freiaio, Bakcrs-
neld, Saucus (or Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. 9t«A
O:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno ISilSr
0330P Martinez, Tracy. Mendcta, Fresco,
Mojaro pud l.os Angelea Bi*3a
oiBOp Santa Fa lConte, Atlautio Express
for MoJaTe and Cast 6«43f
. •< oo r Chicago-San Francinco Special,
• and Hut BtSo*
6tO«p Hayward3, KilesardSan Jose 7i45a
•sioop Vallejo IBjlBf
|7:OOp "aUejo, Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tions.. J»:B3r
9:68p Oregon l''xrreM,HacratTieuto. Marys-
ville, Ktvl.liiifr. Portlaud, l'uget
Hoim.l mi.l Kaat gtlBA
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow fiaage). "
(Foot ol Market Street.) —
' J7i4Sa Santa Cruz Excursion (or Santa
Crux and Principal Wp.y BUtions JBr»3»
Newark,CenterTille,San Jose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa and Way
Stations 8«80F
ft«lBr Newark, Centerrille, Ban Jose, New .
Alznaden, Feiton, Ituulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and ' Principal Way
Stations •- •l««»«4
4tlSp San Jose, UleowooJ and Way Sta-
tions ; 0:20 a
Mi 1»P Feiton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /Bi2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrinSla fRISCISCO— Pest •' Mit!:et Sucet (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. a. tl:03 *2:93 t3:C9
•4:00 J5:00 »6:00p.u.
FrtmOllUSD— o( Brcidws;.— "C:oo 8.-00 10:001. H.
_ t»:C3 »l:03 t2:C3 »3:C3 tt:QO < S:C3p.m.
" COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). /
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
•6:1Oa Ocean View. South San t'rancifco.. •Oslo?
•7:00 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) • 8:00 a
27:30 a Sunday Excursion tct Santa Cruz,
Pnciflc Groro and Principal Way
■ Stations JBi33f
9:00 a San Jose, Troa Pinos, Kiuita Cruz,
Pacilio nrore. Paso Rubles. San
I.uls Obiapo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Rations 4:l«p
ItilOA San Jose ami Way Station) Oi33a
|li3oa San Jose and Way Stations li3of
*2:-l3pSau Matro, Uedwood, Menlo Park.
Polo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Holliater. SauU Cruz. Silicas.
Monterey and Pactlio Gr0ve....... »10:3* A
•3:»op San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations....... *7:30p
•l:15p San Joseaml Principal Way Stations . 0:43 a
•3:oopSan Jose and Principal Way Stations *B:Ma
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way .Stations »8:O0a
(ii3op San Jose aud Way Stations 8::i0p
»l •:-!•■>!• San Josoaml Way Stations t7»3op
A for Morning. 1* (or Afternoon.
•Sunday pxeeptetl 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only.
fcS.ituruay and Sunday. /Sunday anil Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35^
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. i Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at UH
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:30. 11:00 ». m.; 1:30, 3:39.
t:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUN DAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a, m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m. ■ ■ '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Bameschedule^^above^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Leave | Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
— — — April 16, 1
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Pays. days. Destination. days. Days.
- - ■ ■ — — — i
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:4*3 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:25 am
6:10 pm; 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa»
Fulton,
1:10 am Windsor. 10:36 ana
Heald&burg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale.. 7:35 pm 6:20 pnj
7:30 am j Hopland and ,1025 ana
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 am | 10:23 ana
18:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
(-.30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and |
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ■ 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
1:30 am 8 am! . Sebastopol. 19:40 am 10:23 am,
1:80 pm 5:00 pm ! 7:35 pm 6:20 pnx
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagrgs
Springs; at Cloverdalo for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prints. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville,
Boonevllle, Phtlo. Christine. Soda Springs;
Kavarro, Whltesboro, Albion. Little River.
Ore's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. WUlltts. Laytonvtile, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SatiMlit* Ferry.
Commencing September 1, KM.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •S:CO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•l:4 3:20. 4:00, 6:15, "8:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. •»: »l 0:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:«. '1:45. »2:30. »4:00. 5:30. 6.45 p. m.
11:00 a. m does not run to Pan Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:40. 7:.V». 8:40, '10:20
a. m.: 12:30, 2:!.". *3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
crd Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. "9:45. "10:43. *11:4.]
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, »5:15, *6:00, 7:00,. 10:lo
p m
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO S4N FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- I 50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?. Wednesdays
an.l Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:0o,
l-» 0 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:<V) a. m." week rmiilin and way sta ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8 - 00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
i From Jan. 28. 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
, Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ier.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 8:45 pmi 6:00 pin
1 1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm **re«no 9:30 am 3:42 pm
; 11.38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:4» am 1:4» pm
1 2:25 pm 11-.XO «m Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11.00 am
11:59 am 6:25 rm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm_ Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at TrafOo Department m Market it.
Ban FraocUco. __^
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
i^avt Sub Francisco, via aausaiilo Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 183».
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In Sao Francisco at 11:24
B S'NDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, t:U
and 4 p. m. ■■■■•
Fare S. P. to Summit and Return, II 4*.
" • THOS COOK A SON. Agta.. Cl Market »t.
Weekly Call, SI per Year
910
GAMBLERS STRIVE TO
BREAK DOWN PROTESTS
Seeking to Divide the Decent Citi=
zens of Colma.
Raiders Promise Positions After Incorporation to Those
Who Will Support Them— To Make of the
Village a Gambling Hell.
THE gamblers have not by any
means abandoned their purpose
to secure possession of Colma
through incorporation. The de
termined opposition of the peo
ple of the little town, aroused by the
timely expose of The Call, has forced
the blacklegs t.» call a temporary halt,
but they are still working and have
struck upon a new scheme to accom
plish their dishonest purpose. They in
tend now. if possible, to break down the
opposition of the leaders by promising
of them the positions of Trustees
under the Incorporation of the town.
This is an old trick, and is not likely
to succeed in t; c pn sent instance. The
lers have absolutely no reason to
} the incorporation of Colma as a
town of the fifth class except to secure
ih- rit;ht to mak such laws as they
please and to control the officers and
revenues of the little town. It is a fact
known all over San Mateo County that
there are not enough legitimate, bona
lents of Colma to conduct
the affairs of the town after incorpora
tion. It would be necessary to import
rs, and the people of (""olma know
thoroughly what the character of these
officers would be.
They would be the most pliant tools
of the gamblers, and even if Colma citi
zens were given representation the
gamblers would take care that no
power went with the representation.
The touts of Buckley, i-iarrison and
their allies are also claiming that the
proposed coursing park represents an
independent scheme in no way asso-
I with the plea of town incorpora
CASEY EXPLAINS
HOW HE FOOLED
PLUNGER HOWARD
Jumped Off the Ala-
meda's Rail.
the Australian crook
who is confined in the City Prison, has
admitted to tin- police thai be did not
accompany Millionaire Green as far as
Honolulu, as was lirst reported, but
jumped off the Bteam< r Alameda on
which they had taken passage, ami swam
to Bhore unknown to his intended vic
tim. Casey, Kelly and Murphy, "pals" of
Howard, alias Doyle, alias "The Aus
tralian plunger," were paid $6000 by the
much-want< '! Bwindler to murder Green,
whom he had robbed of a fortune. See-
Ing an opportunity to get rid of his vic
tim, who, in ti,. language of Casey, was
"becoming troublesome," Howard
trio to put him out
of the way.
After inducing Green to take passage i
on the Alameda fur the ostensible pur
lands in Aus
tralia which Howard claimed he owned,
the arch conspirator arranged with Casey.
Kelly anil Murphy to "knock him on the
' while the V< ssel was on the high
and throw his body overboard.
'. as go-between for his pals
and Howard, and after agreeing to carry
out the murderous scheme, was handed
Ich he demanded fur the
intended crime. After Green was seen
■ . and Howard went
i" a coffee .saloon on East street, where
the details of the plan to murder the
millionaire were, completed.
Kelly was paid the price he demanded
for silencing Green, and lie lost no time
in dividing the amount with his partner.
H' 'Ward stood on the wharf to see that
the men ('.id not leave the vessel, and as
it pull' d out in th<- stream he waved
a "fond' adieu to Green, who was on the
upper deck with c lasey.
When the vessel was some distance out
Casey, with his Bhare of the gold given
him by Howard, jumped overboard and
swam to shore. He was assisted in reach-
Ing the dock by a boatman, who saw him
gling in the water and went to the
Summoning a carriage Casey
ordered the driver to take him to his
room on Geary strei t near Larkln. As
the bouse h'- was met by his
landlady, who. noticing his condition,
proceeded to question him. Casey ex
plained to her that he had been out boat
ing witli two friends, and as the craft
was was compelled to swim to
.shore.
In the meantime Green missed the
r crook and failing to find him after
a long search concluded that he had ac
cidentally fallen overboard and was
drow :
Yesterday Detectives Gibson and Ellis
visit. -d id-' house on Geary street and
ly questioned the landlady. She
promptly recalled how Casey on the night
departure of the Alameda ha/1 re
turned home, looking as though he had
run afoul of a mud bath. His clothes
were dripping wet and when asked for
en explanation said that he had met with
a mishap on the bay and had a narrow
, :-,■:!!"■ from being drowned.
Kelly and MUrphy accompanied Green ''■
(GO.KS
V IN
THREE
MiNUTES
--_■■■ . .... i
1 1 0n
Hh^J '■■'■■■ - ."^.
tlon. This is as untrue as are the other
assertions of the gamblers. The cour
sing park is simply a blind to cover
i the creation of a gambling town, free
for all games of chance, Eastern races, j
sure-thing games and general vicious- !
I ness. After incorporation the decent i
people of Colma will be utterly at the
mercy of the raiders.
The scheme of the gabblers to divide j
opposition will not succeed even if |
i some of the leaders do fall by the way- j
I side. The entire county is aroused, and \
j the Supervisors have indicated their j
purpose to represent honestly the best !
interests of the county. It is extremely \
■ likely that the touts will attempt to j
hold another meeting at all hazards, as !
their failure of Saturday night has dis- !
credited their cause and has shown j
conclusively that they do not possess !
; the support of the people of the town.
The case of the raiders is a desperate I
| one. They must be near San Francisco i
i in order to ply their trade with success. !
j They want the petty thieves, small \
j gamblers and cheap riffraff of the big j
i city, and transportation is an element i '
of gTave concern to these people, i ,
Driven out of San Francisco, on the ■
j verge of expulsion from Sausalito, j '
barred from Oakland, the manipulators : \
must go to San Mateo. That they will ■
strive for another meeting and attempt i '
also to make the Supervisors prove j \
false to their constituents there can be i ,
!no question, but the issue is now ai '
I plain one. It is a struggle between de- j \
i cency and indecency, and the Super- j .
visors of s.m Mateo must decide on \ <
whose banner the victory will perch.
| on the trip, but made no attempt to in- i
jure him.
Thinking that Howard would realize
that he had been given the "double cross"
in case he showed himself, Casey travel
ed about the country for some t i m< . and
; finally returned to this city. He lost no
time in hunting up Howard, who was
anxiously waiting for some news from
the desperate trio. Casey told the j
"plunger" that he and his pals bad "si
lenced" Green while the Alameda was at
sea. He declared that they had enticed
him to the stern of the vessel and dur
ing an opportune moment struck him on
I the head and threw his body overboard.
Howard was BO elated with the "goud
news," as he expressed it, that he gave
Casey a bundle of greenbacks ami ad
vised him to get out of town. Casey, un
mindful of his advice, proceeded to g>-t
drunk, and was finally landed by the de- !
tectives.
yesterday Casey repeated to chief Lees
and Detective Gibson the Btory of how 1
he bad given Howard the "double cross."
He admitted thai he was aware tnat ;
Kelly was unuer arrest in New Mexico,
but was anxious to keep the fact away ;
from Lees and his men.
Both Casey and his attorney, George D. !
' Collins, confidently expect that Judge '
Murasky on next Tuesday will turn the
clever crook loose on the writ of habeas
corpus that has been sued out in his
behalf, in case he is released It Is the
intention of the police to rearrest him on
another charge the nature of which they
refuse to re \i al.
DR. M'QUEEN UPHOLDS
THE ADMINISTRATION
SAYS IT IS DOING ITS BEST IN
LUZON.
At Simpson Memorial Church last night
Rev. Dr. Peter Mac Queen of Boston, re
cently returned from an eight months'
visit to the Philippines, spoke upon his
; observations ;ir.<l experiences there. Dr.
Mac Queen went out as foreign editor of
the National Magazine of Boston.
Last night he said in part:
The war of the Tagala presents some of the
most thrilling ami unusual events of history.
When uur war with Spain began this beautl
lui archipelago was about as much known to
our people as are the canals ol Man. To-day
i they art- the cynosure of statesmen; and one "t
I the world questli I ihe greatest gyra
tions of history is also found in the attitude
! of, the American people upon the questions at
! Issue in the Spanish war. The war began with
'■ a public sentiment unanimous and unparalleled
jin its enthusiasm. Not one voles was heard
: against our righteous war with .Spain. To-day
it Is the sorrow of our country that high
minded men In all sections are greatly divided
and are forgetting themselves and calling one
another by the ungrateful titles of "tyrant"
and " 'traitor."
M' reover, when we started out we were we]
j corned by the people of l'orto Riro an.] Cuba
and the Philippines. To-day a Fallen folk in
the Jungles of Luzon and by the rivers of Pa
nay dispute us inch by inch, straining every
; nerve to be free from the governance of their
liberators. In spite of the fact that out of 75
or 100 fights they have not gained a point, they
ari- still defiant, dying across thf land with
their wives and children, burning their homes
and sanctuaries with their own hands. Killed
like sheep in the shambles, they stand at bay
In "a mood so defiant that the mightiest nation
I on earth cannot but dread the audacity of their
] despair. "
I hare been quoted in the papers of Xpw
, York and elsewhere as though I waa hostile
to the attitude of the President and the ad
ministration in their plans for the inlands
This Is not the case. I have no party affltll
atlons, and wish to study the w-üblem sim
ply as a patriot and a citizen.
The unfortunate Tagal war came on through
many causes— chiefly, I think, ber-ause v r
laws do not admit of a foreign policy which
allows the President, In the case of an emer
gency, to act before Congress has acted on
a national policy. No doubt the long delay
at Manila made friction unavoidable. Of
course we have not yet heard the whole of the
Filipino case: but there exists scarce possible
room to doubt that our men endured great
provocation and insult with magnanimity and
patience. I associated a great deal with the
Russian. German and French correspondents
an<J attaches and found them agreeing on
this point, although they were rather against
our actions later on.
There Is evidence everywhere that the ad
ministration Is doing all In its power to set
things right In the Philippines. Even the
orders of General Otis recalling Lawton In
the middle of the Paranaque fight— or rather I
bidding him to stop In the middle of the af
ternoon—was a humane order, sent for the
purpose of letting the women and children
• from the town. Incidentally and gal
lantly the men and soldiers accompanied th"m
and we found the city deserted save for a
few rats and dogs, which were not contra
band of war.
Notwithstanding much that can be said for
General Otis as a man honest and painstaking,
It Is still true that he Is thought to be Incom
petent to run the army anil also the civil Gov
ernment. The man is overworked and will
likely break down from the overstrain of at
tempting the Imnossible. Moreover, the fact
that the army wants a man with It on the
fighting zone, and that they have not the en
thusiasm for General Otis that they have for
men like Funston, Wheaton and Lawton, Is
good ground for the people to consider whether
they do not want a new general In Luzon. Law
ton Is the great military man of the Philip
pines, and Wheaton Is a noble fighter I al
ways went with those men. Whore they were
you were always sure to see bloodshed. The
army wants I^awton for commander. One man
has got to hare entire military control. Be
cause if you have three, they will cut one an
other up Instead of the Filipinos — one man will
start an expedition to-day, another next week
and so on. regardless of the movements of the
othor. A young man of great military and civil
ability was General Irving Hale of Colorado
He would have made a splendid Governor for
Manila. That city should be delivered from the
bondage of martial law. The native police are
better than ours in that they know the haunts
of crime, the languag* and the crooks of the
place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1899.
PINKERTON OPERATIVES SAY
FRANK LANDIS WAS MURDERED
THE Pinkerton National Detective
Agency, through its operatives in
this city, has just concluded a
thorough Investigation into the
death of Frank Landis, the young
merchant who was found dead on the
morning of August P in his store at
Lincoln, Placer County, with a bullet
in iiis body. The verdict of the in
vestigators 1s that Landis was mur
dered, probably by burglars sur
prised in liis store before they had
had time to secure any plunder.
Conditions existing at the time of
the discovery of the body led Im
mediately to the theory of murder,
hut it was not long before the sus
picion was advanced that young
Landis had taken his own life, after
having made elaborate preparations
to mislead the community into the be
lief that he had met with foul play.
A 3S-caliber bullet, similar to those
fitting his revolver, was found in his
body. The weapon, with one chamber
discharged, and Landis' hat were
found near the corpse. Another bul
let, claimed at the time to have been
fired from the young merchant's
weapon, was found imbedded In a
partition separating the rear of the.
."Uore from a stairway opening onto
Sixth street. A lamp in the office was
overturned.
The theory of those who believed
th.- young man had committed sui
cide was that he had overturned the
lamp, after unlocking the front and
rear doors of the store, to lead to
the belief that there had been a
struggle, that he had then fired one
shot from his revolver into the par
tition and, after throwing away the
shell and putting in another car
tridge, had turned the weapon against
hinis.-!f. In further support of this
theory, the Sheriff produced an
empty shell, similar to those in
Landis' revolver, which had been
found among a pile of boxes in the
rear of the store.
Despite this theory and the facts
so deftly woven around it, there were
many who believed that Landis was
murdered. They pointed to the fact
that there appeared to be an entire
absence of motive for Buicide, while,
on the contrary, there was every
reason why Landis should value life.
His business was in a prosperous con
dition; he was engaged to marry a
charming young lady and he was in
the enjoyment of excellent prospects.
The Coroner's jury did not feel'com
petent to settle the matter, returning
ANOTHER YOUNG
VICTIM OF THE
MERCILESS CAR
Lulu Sumner's Life
Crushed Out.
An accident occurred yesterday aftor
noon on the line of the Mission-street cars
through which another young life was
crushed out beneath the wheels.
i^out 5:45 in the afternoon car 1058 of
the Kearny-street line while on its down
! town trip knocked down and crushed Lulu
Sumner, the fifteen-year-old daughter of
Charles Sumner, a janitor .at the Mission
street carhouse of the Market-street Rail
road, residing at 24 West avenue. The ac
cident happened on Mission street, oppo
site Cortland avenue, about a block from
the carhouse. The unfortunate girl, who
was near-sighted and wore glasses, had
just stepped fron an outward-bound
Ingleslde car, and walked behind it to
cross the street to West avenue, when the
inward-bound car, well filled with passen
gers, came along. The girl crossed the
track, seemingly unmindful of the ap
proach of the car. She did not seem to
realize the danger, and walked almost di
rectly to the car, when it struck her and
knocked her down and rolled her about
100 feet before it could be stopped, there
being a heavy grade at that particular
place.
The body of the girl was carried into
Lyons' drug store, opposite, and Dr. W.
R. Bcroggs, who resides next door, was
summoned.
When the physician arrived the girl
was unconscious and in utter collapse.
He immediately applied restoratives and
tried to Induce artificial respiration, but
to no avail; the unfortunate girl died in
about an hour.
While the patient was being cared for
in the back room of the drug store a sad
scene was enacted in the front. The
father of the innocent victim was wait
ing impatiently the report from her bed
side, and when the news was told him
the unfortunate man broke down com
pletely. The blow comes doubly bard to
a verdict "that Lardis came to his
death from ;i gunsh it wound at the
hands of some part} unknown."
This verdict left the manner of
Landis' taking off an much "f an open
question as before. To s«-t 1 1«> it once
for .'ill it was decided to employ the
Pinkerton agency. Money for this
purpose was raised and Superintend
ent Vanmitta of this t-ity sent seve
ral of his mi-n to the scene. The
result of Hair Investigation was given
in a report mailed yesterday to
Lincoln.
First of all they looked for some
motive that might have led I^andis 10
committ suicide. They found none.
()n the contrary, they found every
thing that would go to show the
young merchant's desire to live.
Then tiif detectives looked into
Landis' movements on the night of
August S. They found that he had
closed his store between 9 and 9:15
O'clock. The i;imi> usually left burn
ing was lighted when B. Logan, a
friend of Landla' called there at 9:30
o'clock and found the door locked.
At that time Landis was at Helge-
Bon's saloon and remained there until
10:20 o'clock, going to the Hotel
Hurdge, where he gave Town Mar
shal, E. W. Kedding, a letter to mail.
This letter, afterwards seen by tne
Pinkerton agents, was an ordinary
business epistle to Landis' father re
questing that f-ertain articles of mer
chandise be forwarded.
I^andlK remained at the Burdge
Hotel until 10:40 o'clock in conversa
tion with H. Hanna, when he left,
going toward hi.s store. He was in
ordinary spirits, and passing John-
Hon's printing office, jocularly asked
the men inside if they never quit
work.
That is the last seen of Landis alive
by any one known to the investi
gators. It was then after 10:40
o'clock. At 10:81 o'clock, however,
they have absolute proof that the
Lamp in Landis' store, which was
lighted while he was at Helge-
Bon's was not burning. Constable
William Hughes fixes the time posi
tively, his attention having been
called to the absence of light as ho
was passing. Ben Silas, a tamale
peddler, says there was no light in
the store at 10:27, when he passed,
and J. D. Green testifies to the samu
condition.
The theory of the Pinkerton op
eratives is that burglars, having noted
Landis' departure, got into the store
a. few minutes later and extinguished
the light, and were making ready to
him, as it is only a month since he
buried his wife. He has four other chil
dren.
The motorman of the car, Frederick F.
Sherwood, was arrested by Officer Wil
liam P. Daltnn and brought to the Sev
enteenth-street station, where a charge of
manslaughter was placed opposite his
name. He was immediatelw released on
his own recognizance.
GERMAN LADIES' PICNIC.
The Benevolent Society Celebrates Its
Eleventh Anniversary at Shell
Mound Park.
Over 1000 members and friends of the
German Ladles' Benevolent Society went
to Shell Mound Park yesterday to cele
brate the eleventh annual picnic of the
organization. The arrangements were in
the hands of the following ladies: Mrs.
V. "Wrede. Mrs. Johansen. Mrs. Stein,
Mrs. Hummel and Mrs. Dornbludth. The
reception committee was composed of C.
Stein. Mr. Beenhorman, C. Paul, A. Top
ken and C. Wills. During the day young
and old enjoyed dancing to music ren
dered by Yon der Mehden's band. The
interest of the children was centered on
the booth just outside the entrance to the
pavilion, where everything from a sofa
pillow to a coffee pot was in evidence
and for sale. The ladies vied with each
other in their endeavor to please all who
attended, and the success of the affair
was due to their untiring efforts. The
proceeds of the picnic will be turned into
the funds of the Rev Cross Society, with
which the ladles have associated them
selves in many ways during the past
year.
PATRIOTIC SERVICES HELD.
Bey. Dr. Cherington Preaches a Ser
mon at the Plymouth Church.
The Junior Order of United American
Mechanics and Daughters of Liberty at
tended last evening's services at the
Plymouth Conprgational Church In a
body. The church was tastefully dec
orated for the occasion with American
flags. Promptly at 7:30 o'clock the
services began with an organ voluntary,
"America." A selected quartet sang sev
eral patriotic airs, which were followed
by a stirring sermon by the pastor of the
church the Rev. F. B. Cherington. D.D.
He took for his text part of the eleventh
verse of the eighth chapter of Deuter
onomy. "Therefore you shall keep all the
commandments which I command you
this day." Dr. Cherington said that In
looking through the congregation he
could see that most of the young people
were just on the threshold of lire; he
urged them to be good, brave, strong and
manly. The service was drawn to a close
by the whole congregation singing "The
Star-spangled Banner."
rob the place when Landis returned.
In support of this theory they were
told by Tony and Manuel Arrunda,
who pass.,] close to the store on Sixth
Btreet at 10:10 o'clock, that they heard
a noise from the inside as if a number
of boxes had fallen.
Any number of people heard the
two shots, which, from various state
ments, wore llrt-d with an interval of
eight or ten seconds between. Frank
Crane, Tom Anderson. C. Hislop, Will
Berry Qua Casino and Waiter Sagee
say they were tired at 10:46 o'clock.
Constable Hughes, M. Matzen, C. C.
Allen, a druggist, Mrs. Frith, O.
Stafford, Peter Anderson, Marshal E.
W. Redding, P. S. Davis, and A. C.
Fleming, the Southern Pacific agent,
say the shots were flred between 10:45
and 10:50 o'clock.
Some stress was laid by the sup
porters of the suicide theory on the
fact that L^ndis had taken three
drinks during the evening. They
claimed it was an unusual proceeding
on the part of the young merchant,
and pointed to it as a circumstance
that he had taken liquor to brace his
nerve for suicide. The detectives
have found any number of people
who say not only was it L.andis* cus
tom to take several drinks hefore
going to bed. but that that night in
particular he did not drink of his
own motion, having been invited on
each occasion. His return to the
store was also in line with his cus
tom, and the theory that he did so
and was killed by burglars also leads
to the additional supposition that the
man or men inside were unaware of
this habit of his and were surprised
at his return.
The theory of the Placer Sheriff
that the bullet found in the store
partition was from l^andis' revolver
is not borne out by the facts. The bul
let was brought to this city last week
by Deputy Sheriff Stevens and taken
by him to A. Browning, a gunsmith
ni fc2<> Kearny street, to whom he was
recommended by Chief of Police
Lees. The gunsmith examined the
bullet in his presence and that of a
Pinkerton operative, and decided
positively that it had not come from
LandiB 1 revolver.
Here the case rests. The detectives
■were employed to determine whether
or not murder had been committed.
The evidence they have unearthed
answers in the affirmative. They were
not employed to hunt down the mur
derer, whom they think was a
stranger at Lincoln. It remains to
be seen if he will ever be caught.
Sepd the SUNDAY CALL to \
your friends abroad — wrapped >
ready for mailing, 5c per copy. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONE WEEK Eg . 3"
FREE ' % §
Treatment and Medicine o^sk M
Catarrh, Deafness, 1 i§p
NOISES IN THE EARS « JJt
AND THROAT DISEASES -SfV/31
given to show the superior :^«S/ rS
merit of my new invention $§§§• jja •"
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; H^ imsfe
that gives many marvelous |X
cures and so easy a child i\. Jlsila-
can use it. In 1200 test cases §|
all CATARRHAL patients re- JSISHr^
lieved and SO per cent Deaf-
nfiss cured. Best of references IlllssiSiSS^:
and hundreds of indorsements. But the best is
to try it and be convinced while you can.
TREK FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
' Hours— 9-11 a, m.. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Always
Good Coffee
Big Presents
At
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STOKES.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HOUSEKEEPING
During the past week we have opened ud
large shipments of TABLE LINENS, TOW-
ELS, NAPKINS, TOWELING, BEDSPREADS,
BLANKETS, COMFORTERS and SHEETS, and
Quite a few special items.
9 cases Fine White CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
full size and extra weight. Price, $3.25
pair,
5 cases Extra Size WHITE ENGLISH MAR-
SEILLES BEDSPREADS, veru handsome
designs. Price, $2.50 each,
One case (300 dozen) GERMAN DAMASK NAP-
KINS, full 26 inches square, extra double
satin damask, Price, $3.50 dozen.
25 pieces Extra Qualitu BLEACHED SATIN
TABLE DAMASK, full width, in 9 differ-
ent designs. Price, $1.00 yard.
175 dozen Extra Size Full Bleached HEM-
STITCHED HUCK TOWELS, Yeru fine
quality, Pricej $3.50 dozen.
We will also have a special sale this week
of 700 pairs very handsome SAXONY and
FISH NET LACE CURTAINS, all new goods,
hoth White and Ecru, Prices, $2.00,
$3.00 and $4.00 per pair,
NOTE.- SHEETINGS and BLANKETS
less than present mill prices.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
St CO
Everard beer
car of Everard Canada malt lager in
pints and quarts just arrived
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter — creamery 40c
reg'ly here 50c square
Whiskey-c? b& Co 3 bot $2
O X Bourbon gal 3
reg'ly $1 and $4 sweet mash
mellow— pure
Coffee— Kona 2 lbs 45c
Direct from the finest coffee
district in the Sandwich islands
reg'ly 25c lb — visitors welcome
at our coffee roasting depart-
ment at Pine street store
Gelatine— cox's large pkgs 15c
reg'ly 20c dozen $1 65
Every house-keeper knows this brand
Cocoanut— 22|c
The standard for high quality
reg'ly 30c lb — desiccated
Bacon— 16c
Cured in New York — fresh
shipment just in— 18c lb
Kummel-Giika $1 05
Distillation of caraway
reg'ly $1 25 bottle
Glim drops— Loumey's 40c 2 lbs 75c
A delicious confection
7 flavors— reg'ly 50c lb
Dates-^rrf 12Jc
Good wholesome food— reg'ly 15c
Currant jelly— Jose I2£c
2 lb can— first-rate quality
reg'ly 20c can
! Mackerel— Undenvood 15c
Soused— also in mustard and
tomato sauce — 20c can
I Soap powder— 8 25c
Tooth powder— listerated 20c
An effective as well as pleasant
tooth — reg'ly 25c bottle
Tooth brush— good one 2 for 25c
Toilet SOap box of 3 cakes 12^C
Sweet cherry— reg'ly 15c box
Comb— hard rubber— 35c 25c
Many novelties in New York
English— French and German
biscuits
Peek, Frean & Co .. An ?
dinner biscuits 1D " ut
Gericke's salzstengel pkg 20c
.; A big illustrated catalogue of latest
quotations— for your address
432 Pine 115 Sutter aBoo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, lnvlgorator ana Ner-
vine. .
The .most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases of the Kid-
ney« and Bladder. Sells dh Its own Merita.
„. „ NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
. SZ3 Market «tr«et, a (Send lor Circular.)
■ '.'••■', '. '.■■■• ' '•' ' ' ■ . ■ - ■ ... -■ - • *
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
COLLECTION OF
TURKISH
FINE ANTIQUE
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
AUCTION!
"Without Limit or Reserve, at
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.'s.
POSITIVELY
LJ\ & X DAY!
THIS DAY, MONDAY, Sept. 11.
At 2:30 p. m.
Mr. Babayan will leave Tuesday. All goods
unclaimed on which deposits are paid will b*
resold to the highest bidder, and also the bal-
ance of the superb stock will be closed out.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
EYE-GLASSES
WITH THE NEW CLIP.
Photo Goods—Kodaks.
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS.
Oculists' prescription? filled. Quick repairing
factory on premises. Phone Main 10. -
OPTICIANs7 hOT .
642 Market St. »«rui«ht»
'nnaCR CKOrtiCit BuiiQini. __^___^____
000000000000000000
%m PALACE **■"§
2 GRAND hotels o
!: SAN FRANCISCO. q
V Connected by a cover. I passageway.
O 1400 Rooms-900 w: h Hath Attached. *»
,© All Under One Management. O
© NOTE THK PRICES: O
© European Plan. 8 1.00 per day and upward O
VI American Plan.?3.<H> per day and upward o
|O Correspondence Sopited. *»
© JOHN 0. KIBKPATRTCK, Manager. O
O O Q.QOOOOO O 0.0,0-0 O 00
fW FAVORITE V
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
■ ______^_— — — — — j
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2r»Hi;AB.\YST. Established
in IS.'i I lor the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mlndand
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
guaranteed. Calli>rwr!t«.
Dr. J. *'• UIBBON. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco-
X. HESS,
NOTARY POdLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldgr.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
San Francisco.
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods delivered to any part of tIM -city. .
I ;; .Phone, Jessie 1522,