VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 20.
GENERAL LAWTON
THE VICTIM OF
A FILIPINO BULLET
Almost at the Moment the American
Troops Rush Into San Mateo Their
Gallant Leader Is Shot Dead.
MANILA. midnight, Monday.— General Lawton was shot and instantly killed
. with the enemy at San Mateo.
left his wife and home in a pouring rain with a small guard to meet the troops in a
He remarked to his wife that when he got through here he would vol
• ■my would fight. His wife answered. "No, honey; you will
ome with me to t and raise oranges. You have done all you can for \uur
try.**
is now I in dead over boggy trails and across swollen rivers.
Tuesday he marched all day in a driving, furious rain and met the enemy at San Mateo.
idge was shot. Lawton dismounted to help carry him in a litter. Rending
' thclitt* M • ■ g. a bullet passed through Lawton's heart, killing him instantly.
The feeling i • 1 [quarters that no one can talk.
M*" v La • tnd vet thai it is possible her husband is dead. The fight
mates thirty wounded, several officers being among the killed and
WOUI"
MANILA, T>c 19.— i
eral Henry Lawton ha*
been shot and killed at
San Mateo. He vvas standing in
front of his troops, was shot in
the breast and died immediately.
General Law ton left here Mon
day night, having returned frcm
his northern operations Satur
day to. lead an expedition
through Mariquina Valley, which
has been an insurgent stronghold
throughout the war. The valley
has several times been invaded
but never held by the Americans.
General Gcronimo was supposed
to have there the last organized
force north of Manila, and Gen
eral Otis wished to garrison Ma
riquina. The night was one of
the worst of the season. A ter
rific rain had begun and is still
continuing.
Accompanied by his staff and
Troop I. Fourth Cavalry, Gen
eral Lawton set out at 9 o'clock
in advance of the main force,
consisting of the Eleventh Cav
alry and fine battalion each of the
Twentieth and Twenty-seventh
Infantry, which started from La
Loma ii midnight. With a small
escort he led the way through an
almost pathless country a dis
tance of fifteen miles over hills
and through cam-brake and deep
mud, the horses climbing the
rocks and sliding down the hill.
Before daybreak the command
had reached the head of the valley.
The San Francisco Call
San Mateo wa^ attacked at 8
o'clock, and a three hours' fight
led. This resulted in but few
casualties on the American side,
»m the death of < ieneral
Lawton, but the attack was dif
ficult because of the natural de
fences of the town.
General Lawton was walking
g the firing line within 300
yards of a small sharpshooter's
trench conspicuous in the big
white helmet he always wore and
a light yellow rain coat. He was
also easily distinguishable be
cause of his commanding stature.
The sharpshooters directed
several close shots, which clipped
the grass near by. His staff < •:'
called Genera] Lawton's at
tention to the danger he was in.
but he only laughed with his
usual contempt for bullets.
Suddenly he exclaimed, "I am
shot!" clapped his hands in a des
perate effort to stand erect and
fell into the arms of a staff officer.
( >rderlics rushed across the field
I >r surgeons, who dashed up im
mediately, but their efforts were
useless. The body was taken to
a clump of bushes and laid on a
stretcher, the familiar white hel
met covering the face of the dead
general.
Almost at this moment the
cheers of the American troops
rushing into San Mateo were
mingled with the rifle volleys.
After the fight s»% stalwart cav
alrymen forded the river to the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1890.
town, carrying the litter on their
shoulders, the staff preceding
with the colors, and a cavalry es
COrt following. The troops 'tiled
bareheaded through the building
where the body was laid, and
DENBY AND MILES PAY
TRIBUTE TO BRAVE LAWTON
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Dec. 13.— 1 have hoard with inexpressible sorrow of the death of General
j .T* on. I feel It more because, he was an Indianan, and I know how deeply
ndiana will grieve for her most distinguished son. He, was the bravest of
the brave. From the »g« of 19 he was a soldier. He rose from the ranks.
7 belonged to the Thirteenth Indiana Regiment, which covered itself with
glory during our own war. I knew him well in the Philippines. I vainly rea
soned with him as to his constant exposure in battle. He told me at that
time that he had hern in 165 fights. At Zapote Bridge he. did as he always
Old. He stood In the most exposed place that could be found. At one of the
bridges two Insurgent Runs were stationed on the other end of the bridge.
at a measured distance from Lawton of thirty-four yards. We had a gun
on our ond of the bridge. He stood there exposed to the fire of artillery and
of sharpshooters and of the infantry of the enemy. Wheaton stood be
side him. The Filipinos had ( .no to church the night before and had regis
tered an oath that no American should ever cross the bridge, which the Span
lards had n*ver boon able to do. Our men loaded their puns into a boat
and pushed it across th« river, swimming, and charged the enemy on the
flank and drove them from their trenches, and Lawton crossed the bridge.
This was only one example of the personal heroism which he displayed
every day. He was an ideal soldier, as careful and prudent of everybody
but himself as he was brave. His loss will be terrible to his family con
sisting of his wife and four children now In Manila. It Is the most de
plorable event that could have happened to our army.
• D. CHARLES HENRY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— 1n speaking to-night on the late General Law
ton. Major General Miles, commanding the army, said: "I have Just been
advised of the receipt of a dispatch from General Otis, announcing that
while driving the Insurgents near San Mateo. General Lawton wan instant
ly killed. His death is a great loss to the army and the country. He was a
very fine otllcer. He had a splendid record for courage and Judgment In
the civil war. He entered the service at the age of IS as a private soldier
and at the close of the war. when he was 22. he had the rank of lieutenant
colonel, and was a brevet colonel. During that conflict he participated in
many engagements and battles, displaying great bravery and frequently
distinguishing himself. Upon the conclusion of the war he entered the regu
lar army service and took part in several- Indian campaigns on the frontier.
I selected him for the command of one of the principal columns In pursuit
of Geronlmo. and he followed the Indians constantly for three months, cov
ering more than a thousand miles and did more to wear them down than
any one of the other commands. Ho was engaged In the severest part of
the tiring before Santiago, where he showed excellent, judgment and good
generalship,' and he has done the principal fighting in the Philippines. Ho
was a man of great energy, enterprising and fearless In action— a thorough
soldier. He was a very kind-hearted gentleman and noble: man. lie could
suffer injustices, but I never knew him to do an unjust act to any one."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.—
Admiral Dfwey, speaking of
the late General Lawton, said:
"I knew him and loved him.
He was the bravest of the
brave." It is interesting to
know in this connection the
high opinion held by Lawton
of Dewey. They were the
warmest personal friends, and
the great admiral had no more
ardent admirer than the great
general. In Manila public ad
mir.ition constantly coupled
their names and they were
beau id?als of the army and
navy fighting men.
many a tear fell from the eyes of
men who had long followed the
intrepid Lawton. The entire
command was stricken with grief
as though each man had suffered
a personal loss. Owing to the
condition of the country, which
is impassable so far as vehicles
are concerned, the remains could
not be brought to Manila to
day.
Mrs. Lawton and the children
are living in a Government resi
dence formerly occupied by a
Spanish general.
San Mateo lies between a high
mountain behind and a broad.
shallow stream in front, with
wide sandbars, which the insur
gent trenches and the buildings
command. The Americans were
compelled to ford the river under
(ire. It was while they were > ly
ing in the rice fields and volleying
across preparatory to passing the
stream that General Lawton was
shot. All except the officers were
behind cover. A staff officer was
wounded about the same time,
and one other officer and seven
men were wounded.
After three hours' shooting the
Filipinos were dispersed into the
mountains. Colonel Lockett
took command when General
Lawton fell.
MOURNING OVER THE
BRAVE jFfiotrtS LOSS
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— The War De
partment to-night received the following
official confirmation of the killing of Gen
eral Lawton near San Mateo. Luzon:
"MANILA. Dec. 19.-General Lawton.
while engaged In driving the Insurgents
from the San Mateo section of the coun
try northeast of Manila, was killed In
stantly at 9:30 yesterday morning. It Is
a great loss to us and his country.
"OTIS."
The President's first Intimation of th«
loss of General Lawton was given him by
the Associated Press. The dispatch was
sent to the White House while the Cabi
net meeting was In progress and was re
ceived with expressions of sorrow and re
gret. It was learned at th«« War Depart
ment that Instructions had been received
last night from the President to prepare
General Lawton's commission as a briga
dier general in the regular army to fill
one of the existing vacancies and the ad
jutant general's clerks Tver* at work on
the commission when the information of
General Lawton's death was conveyed to
the department.
General Lawton started from Manila
last night with cavalry under Captain
Ixjckrtt and the battalions of the Twen
tieth and Twenty-seventh Infantry under
Lieutenant Colonel Sargent for the pur
pose of capturing Snn Mateo. where Qer
onlmo was said to have 300 Insurgents.
FORT WAYNE, In*., Dec <;rief is
general and genlune In this city over the
announcement of General Henry Lawton's
death at Snn Mat.- General Lawton was
living in Fort Wayne with his parents,
and was a student at the outbreak of the
rebellion. He enlisted in the Ninth In
diana Volunteers, and later became lieu
tenant colonel of the Thirtieth Indiana ,
Continual on Second Pa«e.
WILL NOW MOBILIZE
THE TEN THOUSAND
MOUNTED INFANTRY
Force Asked by Buller to Be Quickly
Recruited From Volunteers and
Called the "Imperial Yeomanry."
LONDON, Dec jo. 4:45
a. m. — The Government
ha? at last consented to
mobilize a force which (icneral
Ruller is credited with having
demanded all along as essential
to success in South Africa,
namely. 10.000 mounted infan
try. This morning the War ( of
fice issued an order to the effect
that the Government had decided
to raise for South Africa a
mounted infantry force to be
called "Imperial Yeomanry/
and to he recruited from yeo
manry, volunteers and civilians
possessing the requisite qualifi
cations. Enlistment will he for
one year, or during the contin
uance of the war. The men must
he between jo and 35 years of
age and of equal physique to the
ordinary cavalry soldier. ( offi
cers and men are to provide their
own horses and t<» wear neutral
tint cloth shooting jackets, noi
necessarily uniform, felt hats,
breeches and gaiters. All must
be good riders and marksmen.
The same order invites every
volunteer regiment that is linked
with a regular battalion serving
at the front to supply a full com
pany, which will take the place of
the mounted infantry of the regi
ment.
These arrangements are ex
pected to result in a considerable
force. The enrolled strength of
the yeomanry forces, which
originated in the troublesome
period of the revolution, is now
10,433. Their services have never
before been called for in war.
The Lord Mayor of London,
Alfrcil Newton, is raising and
equipping a force of a thousand
volunteers among the city corps.
The large city firms are contrib
uting the necessary expenses.
i olonel Sir ("harlcs Howard
Vincent, commandant of the
Queen's Westminster Volun
teers, has also offered to raise a
regiment of a thousand picked
marksmen.
Rudvard Kipling addressed a
meeting at Kottingdean ' last
evening, called for the purpose
of forming a volunteer company.
The Queen has announced her
intention of entertaining at
Windsor Castle. December 26,
the wives and children of soldiers
serving in South Africa who re
side in that neighborhood. Tea
will be served, her Majesty prob
ably presiding in person, and a
Christmas tree, twenty-five feet
high, will hang with gifts.
The British second class
cruiser Isis will convey General
Lord Kitchener from Egypt to
the Cape. She has been ordered
to steam at sixteen knots.
Special reports regarding the
fighting at the Tugela River are
still filtering through, but all the
newspapers complain that these
are severely censored, and it is
still impossible to get any accu
rate idea of the battle. From the
latest accounts, however, it ap
pears that General Buller was in
personal command.
A correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press at Chievclcy (amp
says the Boers excuse themselves
for firing on the stretcher
bearers by asserting that two
squads of the Connaught
Rangers took cover under
civilian bearers of the Red
Cross, and that this act drew the
Boer fire, three being killed and
several wounded.
Much anxiety is caused by the
fact that the War Office has not
yet received a full list of the
casualties at Tugela River.
Jhe Standard hints editorially
Lieutenant General Sir Charles Warren, Commanding
the Fifth Division.
Genera] Warren? division la now arriving at Port Elizabeth. and will an
proach the Orange River by the Midland Railroad line via 'ir.i.ifY Relnet *nd
N'aauwpoort Junction to Norvals Pont. This wan the route Intended by th«
earlier p'.ana >•>( the campaign for General Blr F. C. Clery's division, until th«
necessities of the situation In Natal caused the latter 1 ? command to be sent on
to Durban. General Warren's advance will be a strong support to General
Gatacre. whose forces are now resting nearQueenstown. on the Eastern Rail
road, and v ill enable General French, who is awaiting him at Naauwpoort.
to assume the offensive. General Warren ha* had experience in South Afri
can warfare in the Kaffir campaign* of IS7S-79 and in the operation* In Be
chunaland in 1879-SO. and again in l<M-37. when he frustrated the efforts o*
the Hoers to occupy that country, though without any collision of arms. Ills
reputation as an organizer Is of the highest, and was much enhanced by Mi
service as chief commissioner of the metropolitan police force of I,ondon. He
was the originator of the plan of having his officers assimilate their dress to
that of the rank and file, so that they could not be distinguished and picked
off by the enemy. In view of all hi* experience and qualifications It has been
a matter of much surprise in military circles that he m not sent down In
charge of one of the first divisions that sailed for the Cape. He win have
the best of support in his brigade commanders. Generals Wood gat* and Coke,
and it is expected that matters will assume a better aspect for England when
be seta on the scene.
PARIS. Dec. 20.— The Her
ald's European edition pub
lishes the following: A Berlin
news agency here has reports
from Washington that the
American Government in
tends to invite the European
powers to propose mediation
to England.
tlii> morning that it Portugal
continues i<» allow supplies ol
war material and foreign volun
teers to reach the Transvaal
through Delagr>a Bay England
will have something to say in the
matter.
Statements arc published from
Roer sources in Brussels and
Berlin that President Kni^e.- i>
willing to conclude peace on the
basis of the status quo, but that
otherwise he will call upon the
Boers in Cape Colony to join in
proclaiming the independence of
the Cape territories of Great
Britain.
FIRST DETAILED STORY
OF BULLER'S DEFEAT
[Special Cable to th» New Tork Herald. Opy
rlirht. H99. by Jam.-* Gordon Bennett. He
publication of this dispatch I* prohibit**!.
All rlpbtii rettorved In the United State* and
Great Britain.!
LONDON, Dec. 20.— The Dally Tele
graph publishes this dispatch from Its
special correspondent:
Camp, three miles north of Ohleveley,
Friday, Dec. 15.— The action which was
fought to-day between the British forces
and the Boers was a very severely con
tested affair. The losses on both sides
were heavy.
General Duller, who commanded, wan
repeatedly under deadly fire. Surgeon
Major Hushes of his staff was killed,
while Lieutenant Hon. F. H. S. Roberts
was fatally wounded. Other officers had
narrow escapes, their horses being shot
under them.
The object of General Buller's advance
was to force a passage of the Tugela,
carry the Boers' intrenenments anil open
up the road to Ladynmith across the
ridges. General Hart brigade, compris
ing the First Battalion of the Connaught
Rangers, the First Battalion of the Royal
Innlskillen Fusllecrs. the First Battalion
of the Border Regiment and the First
Battalion of the Royal Dublin Fuslleers.
was sent to ford what is known as the
Bridle Drift, situated west of Dournkop
PBIC^NCrfVE CENTS.
Spruit. General Hlldyard's brigade, con
sisting of the Second Battalion of th*
Devonshire Regiment, the Second Bat
talion of the Queen's Royal West Surrey
Regiment, the Second Battalion of th*
West Yorkshire Regiment and the Sec
ond Battalion of the East Surrey Regi
ment, was dirtied to proceed to Colens.>
and erbai the river mar the iron bridge.
General Lyttelton's brigade, which wa«
composed of UM Second Battalion of
Oameronlans. the Third Itattallon of
King's Royal Rifle Corps, the First Bat
talion of the Durham Light Infantry and
the First. Battalion of the Rifle Brigade,
wan ordered to support either Htldyard
or Hart, as occasion might arise, whll>»
General Barton's union PnaUeen Brigade,
consisting of th.- Second Hattallnn of
the- Royal FiislWers. the Fir.«t Battalion
of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers, the Second
Battalion of the Royal Scots Fuxlleer*
and. the Second Battalion of th« Royal
Irish Puaileera. proceeded to the eaj«t of
the railway toward Mount Dangwlne to
protect the British flank and threaten
that of th*> enemy.
. The British cavalry and field guns w^r<»
stationed on either wing. The naval gun*
were posted In a central position on th*
west ' side of the railway, while Colonel
Long, with his artillery, went to the east
side of the railway on the right of th^
Infantry. General HIM- was sent
ahead, th* Queen's Royal and West Sur
reys on the right and the Devons on th*
left of his front, whllo General Hart
pushed on tho Innlsklllens. Connaught
Rangers and Dublin Fuslleers. On' front
extended for a distance of about six
miles.
The Boers had evidently fully extended
their line. Their extreme mobility gay«
them great advantage.
Guns were booming around Ladysmtth
when ours broke the silence round Cn
lenso by shelling the foothills north of th*
Tugela River and Fort Wylle. which
stands upon the ridge nearest th? brldg*.
With skill and labor the Boers had built
walls and forts and had dug successive
trenches on the road, commanding every
line of approach from Estcourt to Co
lenso. The country If bare and gently un
dulating, similar, Indeed, to our own. Our
troops, therefore, had to advance, M Tu
gela without any cover.
The battle commenced before < o'clock
In the morning, but the Boers made no
reply to the heavy cannonade which our
bluejackets directed upon them. Few of
the enemy were visible. They lay hidden
behind their hill works, but on our In
fantry and batteries and cavalry neannc
Colenso a sharp musketry fire was opened
on them by the Boon from houses on th<*
river bank, behind which many of tho
enemy had been concealed for hours.
It was twenty minutes after 6 when th«
Boers' battery opened tire on our Odd
artillery. i airy and infantry on the east
of the railway. Their cannon included a
Cruczot 50-poundcr. Krupps and Uotch
klss, the latter a machine gun. which,
while being discharged gives forth a vil
latnous and unnerving rat-tat-tat, a sort
of voluminous postman's knock. The en
emy's shells were soon splashing in all di
rections, but our Indomitable Infantry in
the face of the fusillade, which really was
ono continuous r«>ar of shot and •hell,
fought gallantly 00 and gained Colenso.
Colonel Long rushed la baltcrlc* la2
ANDREW J. RHOADS
ANSWERS DEATH'S CALL
Was a Prominent Factor in the
Business and Political History
of the State.
SACRAMENTO. Dec 19.— Andrew
Jackson Rhoads. better known tc
hundreds of friends as "Frank
Rhoadi«." has given up life's battle
The end came at 4 o'clock this raon!
In* at hie residence on M street after a
valiant m niggle.
Mr. Khoads' last illness commenced on
Thanksgiving day. since which time he
ha* not been nble to leave his home.
Rheumatism was the cause of th«
trouble, and he and his friends believed he
vould coon be moving about again, n.s
li<? was In apparent good health other-
A. J. Rhoads was born in Philadelphia
In August, IS.W. his parent** bring Andrew
IV and Kcbecca <Denby» Rhoads. His
xrother was a native of North Carolina
nnd h!s father of Mary'-'ind. He spent
Ms boyhood days in Philadelphia, receiv
ing his oiiucatlr.n In Its public schools.
In Js">o h<- came '<> Cniliornla. ; s. ..-.u; in
Pan Francisco In November. He came to
fcv-i crair.cn n> und was b,hio a.t the mine dlK
frlnjrn «t MM Dop. Nevada <.'ounty. The
occupation of mining he followed but a
Fhort time, presently returning to Sscra
incnto and engaging In th« draying bu«l
jioss. K< llowlnp this vocation for ten
years, he opened the old Sacramento The
nter *m Third street and conducted It for
v year. Subsequently he opened the re
port at Sis-ord and J struts, which be
«ame farjous as the ratherlng place of
|>oliadar.v and public men.
In the old volunteer tire department
days Mr. Rhoads ran with the "masheen"
otid perved for a number of rears as fore
nan of Confidence Engine No. 1. He was
THE LATE ANDREW J. RHOADS.
rrdcr to pet clou*' range, when suddenly
the Hocrj sprang up and opened a de
t tractive fir* with Mausers at a range of
«>nly CoO yards.
Gunners and horses were rapidly phot
down. With the utmost pluck our private
poldlrrj" took teams to recover the can
non, but the animals wen killed, and ten
field gun* were not recovered, despite the
heroic efforts of our fellows to eet them
back. It was here that Lieutenant Rob
ert* was hit.
. General Barton sent in some companies
of Scotch and Irish Fusileers to assist.
Meanwhile General Hart's brigade,
thelU*d by the enemy and pelted fenxn the
hilltops with Mauser bullets, and from the
trenches Ml the rivor banks, met with an
equally terrible opposl^on. But despite
the great losses which were sustained the
boys of the Irish brigade grandly went
aero* the river, though a few of them
were drowned in the passage, but they
found that position untenable, and were
ordered to retire. At noon our troops
withdrew to their former camp, the Boers
evincing no disposition to follow us up.
During tho action the enemy's reinforce
ments galloped up to occupy the trenches.
We are burying the dead to-day.
Countless arts of calm heroism were
performed during yesterday's battle.
Words cannot overstate the grand devo
tion shown by our troops. Private sol
diers marchod without flinching to wounds
and drath. The men's ■nil was splendid,
rven the wounded, while limping or being
carried from the field, being cheery and
buoyant. They declare, "L<s us have an
other try at that enemy," and that It will
be a crime If the war is not pursued more
vigorously now than ever.
AN APPEAL TO END
WAR BY ARBITRATION
NEW YORK. Dec 19.— Leonard Charles
Van N'oppca, member of the Universal
Netherlands Union, arrived In this city
to-day on the BtAtendam. with the ap
peal of the Union to the nations repre
pented at the peace conference at The
Hague, asking England to submit the
South African question to arbitration, and
»-nd the war In the Transvaal. Signatures
to the appeal are being obtained In Con
tinental countries, and tho appeal will
bo circulated in America.
"By England's threatening attitude,"
reads the appeal, "this war ha-« been
forced on th.- Boers, for England desired
this war. Shall civilization, of which tho
Occident Is i»o proud, endure the outrage
that a civilized nation Is forced by an
other nnd mightier one— only because It
rtands In the way of the latter— to choose
between submission and extermination?
All men of good will In the civilized world,
of every nation and party, must unite In
Pears'
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
a member of the Exempt Firemen ami
the corporation house bell tolled this
morning In Ills* memory.
In l*-":-7J Mr. Rhoads wiw sergeant-at
arnis of • the State Assembly. He was
married In this city lo Miss Tillle Tuill.
and his widow «uid one son. Frank
Rhoa^ls. survive him. Soon after Secre
tary of State Curvy took his offlee Mr.
Rhoads was appointed State keeper of
archives, and he filled that position up to
th<« time of his death.
Immediately prior to the appointment he
served a« Public Administrator, having
hr< n selected by the Hoard of Supervisors
to fi!l the term of W. H. Miller, left un
explred by the latter's death.
Rhoads for many years w.i« one of ihe
mort prominent figures In Republican pol
itics in this section of the State. He ab
solutely controlled local politics for many
years, and his generalship showed n ce"
ntus for carrjing elections, some of Irs
mot-t brilliant campaigns being those
prosecuted in the interest of Newton
Booth and Lelar.d Stanford. A few years
ago Rhoads had a falling out with the
tailroad people, nnd since that time And
his removal from his old stand at Second
and J streets his power had declined.
Other politicians' succeeded to his pos
sessions, but Rhoads will always be re
membered as one of the cleverest poli
ticians who ever controlled a county or
State convention in California.
The funeral will take place nt 2 o'clock
Thursday afternoon from the family resi
dence on M street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. The Fervioes will b« conducted
hy Rev. C. L. Miel. rector of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. !t will be under the
au«yleej» of the Exempt Firemen.
I a public expression of their convictions.
"From the England that is under the
influence of Rhodes and his gold they
must appeal to th«i England where the
spirit of Gladstone yet lives in reveren
tial memory; that England of brotherly
love; they must ask Judgment against the
England of the gold market. They must
ask for the application of the principles
of arbitration, to which also England,
j during the course of this century, ha« re
peatedly paid homage. They must try to
bring to fulfillment the expectations
raised by the Peace Conference."
Mr. Van Koppea Fays the feeling In
Holland and France Is strong against
England- He is working with several
committees and societies In America to
spread the appeal.
RAISING BRITISH RECRUITS.
ROCHBBTBB, N V . T>rc. I<>.-For the
■ :.t has born
hod In local papers asking "single.
young m« n wishing to see service with
ritlsh In South Africa." to communl
>uh N. B. Peverill in this .ity. Mr.
l'everlll said In an Interview to-day that
thirteen men whn want to see service
r at least wl.
willing to inter the army In «'nnnda. have
appUcatlOll for enlistment. Mr.
■ :i paid: "I am not enlisting men for
wk! purposes, There are no signed papers
I between rh< men who hand their
names In to me and myself. I am Pimply
inking men who want to go to Canada to
rvlce to hard their names to m* "
Late t llls afternoon I'nited States Com
missioner Stull caused PeverlU's axr<\ t.
Ho •was taken before Commissioner Btull
an«l admitted to bail. He will be clven a
hearing on Monday next.
LOYAL MOITNTED POLICE.
VANCOITEn, B. C. Dec 19. -A d»
tachment of Northwest mounted poiire
from <*a'.»rnry arrived here to-day. Thf-y
are dfta4l<-rl for service In the Yukon, re
lUving time-expired men.
They may. however, not go north, but
billet for Africa. On learning
. J of tho Northwest mounted police
to be Included In the tecond (
dlan contingent, they unanimously deemed
that they wanted to go, and sent a re
mmisKioner Herchmore at Re
glna, bogging th»> coveted privilege for
dttachment.
MEMORIAL SERVICE.
LONDON, Dec. 19.-A most Impressive
memorial service wag held In St. Paul's
la memory of the poldlers killed
.'h Africa, the Lord Mayor. A_ J.
Newton, .md the city officials attended in
their rob. s of office. Tho cathedral was
thronged, those present including the
I>uke of Cambridge and the Marquis of
Lansdowne, the Secretary of State for
War.
SYMPATHY OF THE QUEEN.
LONDON, Dec. 19-The Queen has sent
a Ktt.r |o (Jen«ral Lord Roberts, the
newly appointed commander In chief of
the British forces In South Africa, warm
ly sympathltlng with him on the death
of his gallant son and thanking him for
the great patriotism he haa displayed In
putting aside his terrible private grief In
to devote himself to the affairs of
the nation.
To Cure La Grippe In Two Days.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
<Jru»ritlFts refund the money If it falls to cure.
£. W. Grove' ■ signature Is on each box. Ko.
TITE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1899.
MR. AND MRS. GEORGE CROCKER'S
ENTERTAINMENT AT THEIR NEW HOME
NBW YORK. Pec. 13 -The first !ar*e
private entertainment given by Mr.
and Mrs. George Crocker In thi-ir
handsome new liou^^. corner of
Fifth ! Sixty-fourth street, wai
a muslcale which t'.ok place to-night and
whlcl I the very fash-
GENERAL LMOI VICTIM
OF 11 FILIPINO BULLET
Cnntlniif^l from Flrft Pace.
RopJmont. He was a member of Sinn P.
Bass Post. G. A. It., here, and a member
!n good standing of Harmony Lodge. I
O. O. F. Sion S. Bass Post had raised a
j fur.d of nearly $1000 to purchase ■ testl
j monial sword, which was to be presented
t<i General Lawton on his return from the
i Philippines.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec If -In speaking
of General Lawton. ex-Prosldcnt Harrison
said: "I had the highest appreciation of
General Lawtou as .1 soldier and a citi
sen, and his loss will be deeply felt by
Indiana. He was heroic, courageous and
we will miss him. It is distressing news,
coming when the trouble in the Philip
pines is so near an end. It Is too bad that
he did not live to come home. Killed while
j In front of his troops! Tins would not in
j <llc;ite thai he met death while In action,
but would Indicate treachery somewhere."
LOS ANGELES. Dec 19.— General Law
ton-wns well known here. Previous to the
Spanish-American war he was a lieuten
ant colonel in the regular establishment
and was Inspector general for th« Depart
ment of Arizona, with headquarters in
this city. He was a member of a local
G. A. R. post and of various social clubs
of this city. General Lawton married
Miss Craig of Redlands. San Bernardino
County, and had a large orange grove
near Redlands. General Lawton loft here
on the orders of the War Department to
Join General Shafter In Cuba,
BRAVE MAN'S UTTER
CONTEMPT FOR DANGER
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. Dec. 19.-General
Charles King, who commanded a brigade
in General Lawton'l division up to Juno
lust in the war against the Filipinos, was
much depressed on .'ring of tho death
; of his former commander. General King
paid a warm tribute to the dead general
! In tho following words:
■"lh<- <:• .r. :i of General Lawton Is a
1 calamity, yet one that I have been in
, dread of ever since ho took command of
: our division last March. In point of dash,
I energy and endurance ho waa our best.
His one fault lay In his utter contempt
for danger. We could not prevail upon
i htm to use 'cover* or shelter of any kind.
Ho w«s perpetually running Into every
I kind of danger, exposing himself to death
or capture when there was no need in it.
He wanted to see everything for himself
I and would stalk out in front of the lines,
the most prominent figure on tho Held.
I We loved him— we always have ever since
: old Civil War days, when he was the
i hatdest and most daring of all the band
i of young officers that won distinction un
der Crook. Miles and M«rntt. He was
Mackenzie's 'right bower* and his later
work in the Philippines was incompara
1 ble. An a friend and comrade he was an
lovable or ho was great and heroic as a
soldier."
LIFE OF THE GALLANT
GENERAL H. W. LAWTON
Henry W. Lawton wan bom In Manhat
tan, now a part of Toledo. Ohio. In 1843.
His mother was of the famous Oroote
family of Holland ajid his father was of
Knglish stock. An a boy young Lawton
went to school at Fort Wayne. He studied
law for a brief period at Harvard Uni
versity and practiced for a short time
after the civil wax.
"When the civil war broke, out and the
coll for volunteer* for three months came
Lawton, then a boy 18 years old. enlisted
In the Ninth Indiana Volunteers, April 16,
He served under General Morris In
West Virginia aa sergeant of Company K.
During the three months he took part In
the battles of Phlllppl. laurel Hill and
Patricks Ford. He was mustered out by
the expiration of service and Immediately
organized a company for the war. and In
September. 1861, he was mustered In ss
llrs-t lieutenant of Company A, Thirtieth
Indiana Volunteers, which regiment was
ordered to the Department of the Ohio,
under General Buell.
Lawton soon showed his military abil
ity, and on the very field of battle in front
of Corinth. May 17, 1562. he was promoted
to a captaincy. He commanded his com
pany In all the operations of General
BuelTs army and the Army of the Cum
berland until July, I*>fi4, when ho was as
signed to duty by General Grose, com
manding a brigade in tho Fourth Corps,
as Inspector on his staff. In this capacity
I-Awtnn served until November. 1W54, when
be waa relieved to take command of his
regiment, he having been promoted -to a
li.Mit.nant colonelcy when he was but 23
years of age. He was commissioned a
colonel February I, 1%.. bin was not mus
tered in under his commission, as his rtg-
Iment did not have the required strength
under the regulations. He waa brevetted
as colonel of volunteers March 13. l v
"gallant and meritorious service during
the war." This boy of 22 had been through
thirty-six battles and was a veteran of
the most terrible war of modern timr-s.
He had served continuously during the
1 whole period of the war, excepting the
few months wh«n he was detached as in
spector on the staff of General Gro.«e in
IM4. and he had taken part In every
march, campaign and skirmish In which
j It was engaged
[ Alter the war Colonel Lawton was com.
I. nal.le affairs of the season. Mr. and
Mrs t'r-.i'k.-r received .it the entrance to
the ballroom, which Is als.> the muslc-
They wei I by Mrs | .
II of s.-m Francisco, sister of Mrs
• r. and by the Misses Rutherford,
the daughters of th.- hostess. Mrs
Crocker wore a magnitieent gown of
Ned In the regular army, and In I^7l
■ ')..■ Fourth Cavalry in Texas. Oen
■i Xi nste v. ■■ i >:• n ( tii.it
mil Lawton served with nim
most trusted staff officer in all his
varied expeditions and Indian cam]
It was during his Indian wars th.it Law
t"!i pursued the Apache Indians for I 1I 1 "
mii.s over mesas and mi untalna "f Mex
ico, which resulted in their final capture
und deportation, and which was on.- of
the most extraordinary military achleve
■ ■!' modern times. In the campaicn
• 'i-romino. which resulted In Gli
capture Lawton ha. l to .-.ntend with
Itlea "t all kinds, operating as he
■ from his base of supplies and in
an unknown country devoid of trass and
y supplied with water, under a
burning sun, with the temperature fre
quently ]:■.., making marching s matter
of the greatest oardshlp and sufferins;. In
luntry he surprised the Indians r.
• iiy, and b> a i ■>! stant and unre
mitting pursuit compelled them to sur
render.
From i v< >s to ii s '> General Lawton was
In the inspector gen< ial's office at Wash
ington as Ii ral, with rank of
lieutenant colonel, l!. was recommi
by General Bi • and • ;•■:;> r.ti
to a command In the army of In
vasion which was taken to Cuba under
General Shatter.
H< •• rlgad er Kener.i! at Tam
]>H and given command of tf.. s >nd di
vision of the Fifth Army Corps. » »n tli-- 1
iv of July. 1896, General L
f.mpht the great little of his jife— the
famous engagement of El Caney. This
battle wt^rf lnfantr>- and
mounted cavalry attacked trenches, stone
and barbed- wire fences and a stone block
house defended r>> artillery. It was un
.l .i:l tedly the moat stubborn and bitter
tlpht In the Spanish-American war. Hera
1 awton and his men performed lin;
Its of bravery, and after a terrible
engag< ten hours drove the
• and best '>f the Spanish army
Into th. town and captured them, not one
BSCai ll • • r.il Vara del Hay, the
brave Spaniard who opnoped him, w.is
killed, with nit.st of his ..mcers.
At the close of the Spanish war General
I*awt"r. was mad.- commander of th-- De
partment ol Bantlagt), which command he
held from August to October. UM. He
wns then put In command of tho Beventh
Army Corps for a short period, and on
January Is. i^' I.1 '. sailed from this port on
the tlrait for Manila. Ever since he ar
rived in the Philippines General I^iwton
had been at the front; where the fighting
was fiercest there he was to be found.
LAWTON ALWAYS LED.
An Officer Who Never Told His Men
to Go On.
General LawtOO was one of the most
picturesque characters In tho array. Soon
after tho battle of El Caney. in July, IS**.
Where Law-ton's bravery and gallant lead
ership won f^r him now laurels, a friend,
EL S. Canfleld. wrote of him:
"Lawton reminds mo always of Scott's
Norman liaron. Front de Hoeuf. He has
better morals, of course, as well as a very
pretty taste In red wines and reed birds,
but he Is as bit as the giant slain by
Richard of the Lion Heart. Is as direct In
his methods, and In personal or general
combat every bit as savage. There Is
plenty of the primal man in him. "What
he thinks he says. He has a strong sense
of Justice, but his temper is terrific and he
is not gentle. 11.- requires of his subor
dinates the utmost endeavor, and gets it.
He asks no one to do work that he is not
competent and willing to do himself. Nat
urally a leader, ho goes Brat, and the
more difficult or desperate the undertak-
Ing the faster he goes. Upon the gray
granite slab which covers the molderlng
bones of a Confederate officer who sleeps
on the magnolla-petaled uplands of Loui
siana is an inscription: 'He never told his
men to go on.' That will do for Lawton
when he die*.
"He is Blx feet three Inches high. He
weighs 210 pounds, and nearly every ounce
of ft Is bone and blood and tendon and
muscle. He Is 65 years old and as springy
as a youth. His capacity to go without
food, drink or sleep Is seemingly unlim
ited. 'Macumazahn,' the Zulus called
Quatermaln— 'the one who has his eyes
open.' Macumazahn Lawton will keep
them open for a week at a stretch, when
necessary, and then walk, talk, eat, drink
or fight a zen men to a standstill. He
has lived a life of peril and hardship. His
only rule of hygiene Is a tub in the morn-
Ing. He has taken no sort of care of him
self, yet so splendidly was he endowed by
nature that there Is no perceptible weak
ening of his forces. Apparently he Is as
powerful and enduring as when I saw him
first. That was more than ten years ago.
He had completed one of the most re
markable feats of strength and persever
ance chronicled In the long annals of the
Anglo-Saxon race, but he was as fresh as
a rose In the morning.
"He stood In the Government reserva
tion at San Antonio surrounded by the
tawny savage band of Chirlcahua Apaches
whom he had hunted off their feet. Near
him, taciturn but of kindly visage, stood
young Chief Xaches, almost as tall as he.
In a tent close by lay Geronlmo, the medi
cine man. groaning from a surplusage of
fresh beef eaten raw. The squat figures
of the hereditary enemies of the whites
grouped about him came only to his
shoulder. He towered among them, stern,
powerful, dominant— an Incarnation of the
spirit of the white man, whose war drum
has beat around the world. Clad in a
faded, dirty fatigue Jacket, a greasy flan
nel shirt of gray, trousers so soiled that
the stripe down the leg was barely visible,
broken boots and a disreputable sombrero
that shaded the harsh features burned al
most to blackness, he was every Inch a
soldier and a man. To the other officers
at the post the Indians paid no sort of at
tention. To them General Stanley and his
staff were so many well-dressed lay fig
ures, standing about as part of a picture
done for their amusement, but the huge,
massive man with the stubble on his chin
had shown them that he was their supe
rior on hunting grounds that were theirs
by birthright, and they hung around his
lightest word.
"For the tenth tim« Gcronlmo's band
had Jumped the San Carlos reservation.
The spring grass .was two Inches high and
the Indian lust for blood was awoke. As
white panno velvet and lace embroidered
wi;!> .rti.'ts who
w.re beard were. Mi N la, M •"'am
■;. David Itlspham and Alexander
Petachnikofl Among the guests were
Mr and Mr-- Hermann Oelrlchs, Mr. and
Mrs Charles Oelrlchs, Miss Crocker, Mr
and Mr- Forest
usual, troops were startod upon a perilous
chase. For days they followed the trail
over a country that God Almighty made
In wrath. Farther and farther Into the
vast solitudes they tolled. Volcanic crests
reared about them. Lava tori- the leather
from their feet. They drank from spring*
that gushed thousands of feet above the
valleys. They wandered In canyons <o
deep and darK that through the narrow
ribbon of white far above them th© stars
were -en at midday. They lived upon
animals no wilder than the men they were
pursuing, and scarcely more wild" than
they. Now and then, from a forest of
pines far above- them, a shred of blue
smoke drifted on the furnace air, followed
by the shrill of the bullet's wild singing.
The horses long since had been left be
hind. The cavalrymen were on foot, with
Lawton nt their head, hi* teeth hard set
"We'll walk them down.' he told his ser
geant when the mountains were reached.
He was walking th»m .lown.
"Six weeks afterward an Indian, whose
bones seemed ready to start through his
skin, came to the camp and said that
Oeronimo was ready to surrender. I^aw
ton went alone to the lair of the starving
wolves and received their submission.
Cavernous eyes glared at him. Lips black
from thirst and hunger were drawn back
over discolored teeth. Skeleton fingers
pointed at him. From skeleton Jaws came
sounds of pleadings mixed with wrath.
The poison of bitter racial hatred was In
every glance. 'Even the rocks smelled
like mad Indian. ' he told me. with a
laugh, long afterward. He lounged among
thenr. their master by virtue of superior
courage and strength and hardihood, and
they followed him like sheep to food and
Imprisonment. That Is the story In out
line of the capture of Oeronlmo. physi
cian, wizard, conjurer, orator and mur
derer.
"The man of El Caney Is the man of the
Mogollons. and the man of the Mogollons
is the reincarnation of some shining, hel
meted giant warrior who fell upon the
sands of Palestine In the first crusade,
with the red blood welling over his corse
let and his two-handed battle-sword shiv
ered to the hilt. The race-type persists
unchanged In eye, In profile. In figure. It
Is the race which In all the centuries the
Valkyrs have wafted from the wardecks,
have hailed from the holm-gangs or hel
met-strewn moorlands— the white-skinned
race, which, drunk with the liquor of bat
tie, reeled around the dragon standard at
Benlac, which fought with Richard Oren
vllle. which broke the Old Guard at
Waterloo, which rode up the slope at Bal
aklava, which went down wit4i th« Cum
berland In Hampton Roads, which charged
with Plckett at Gettysburg— the race of
the trader, the financier, the statesman,
the Inventor, the colonizer, the creator,
but, before all. the fighter."
PLEADS INSANITY.
WOODLAND. Dec. 19— The trial of p.
F. Lederer. who slushed his wife with a
butcher knife and left her for dead, began
In the Superior Court to-day.
Arthur w. North, attorney f.>r defend
ant, i ntrrei a plea of insanity and moved
that the court do not proceed with the
trial until the mental condition «>f the de
fendant is determined. After hearing ar
gument and testimony the motion was
denied| The work of procuring a Jury
then proceeded.
Toilet Articles.
Our beautiful boxes of fine perfiinrM-v.
combs, brushes and mirrors in celluloid
and ebony with M< rllng sllv. r mountings
make elegant presents for a lady. San
born. Vail tk Co . Til Market itreet •
Bond Election at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Dec. 18— At a caucus of
the City Council this evening It was de
cided to call an election soon to' bond the
city for $400,000 for a City Hall, school
houses, a free market and other needed
Improvements.
Sloane's
Removal Sale.
During this sale we offer an unlimited assortment of reliable pieces
of furniture, Including Ladies' Dressing Tables, Chiffoniers, Sideboards,
Music Cabinets, Tabourettes and hundreds of dainty odd pieces, nota-
ble for style and quality, at most reasonable prices. For example-
Fancy or Saddle Seat Rockers W4.00 and upward
Fancy Gilt Parlor Chairs JM.ftO and upward
Desks in the newest designs and most popular woods
J^ft.OO and upward
Secretary Bookcases — the choicest selections
91(>.r»0 and upward
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
Portieres reduced from $0.00 to S4.KO per pair
Portieres reduced from 910.ft0 to 97. 00 per pair
Arabian Lace Curtains reduced from
JN.OO to #<{.«.% per pair
ft. sO to $.'1.8.% per pair
Nottingham Lace Curtain's reduced from
* I.2ft to m>c per pair
Nottingham Lace Curtains reduced from
$3.00 to 92.2 ft per pair
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
Regular price WV and $1.75 per yard—
During sale 4ftc and $1.05 per yard respectively.
ORIENTAL AND DOMESTIC RUGS.
A display of rarely beautiful designs. The richest and most
comprehensive assortment ever offered on this coast. Every rug
reduced In price.
Largest and best assorted stock on the coast of FURNITURE*
CARPETS. RUGS and DRAPERY MATERIALS to select from.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
641, 643. 645, 647 MARKET STREET.
ore/* evenings until chkistmab.
DIED WITH EVIDENCE
OF CRIME ON HIS BODY
Counterfeiting Tools Found on the
Person of George Brown, Who
Had Heart Failure,
WILLOWS. Dec. I?.— Coroner Franey was summoned to Houchln's ranch,
twelve miles east of here, to hold an inquest over the remains of George
Brown ■ well-known citizen of this county, and aged about a years. Brown
died suddenly this morning at I o'clock. The Jury found that death resulted
from heart failure due to rheumatism.
Considerable excitement was created by the finding on the person of the
deceased dies for molding counterfeit five-dollar pieces which showed v -i
dence of having been recently used. Gougers. which are also used by counter
feiters, wore found. No bogus coin was discovered. The reputation of the
deceased as an upright law-abiding cltlzon has never been questioned, hence
the surprise at finding the Implements upon his body.
TOLLS COLLECTED
FROM PASSENGERS
>
Outlaws at Work on a
Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mo . Dec. 19.—Passen
gers on the Missouri Pacific's Omaha and
Nebraska City passenger train which left
here at 9:15 to-night, were robbed by three
men who boarded the train In Kansas
City. Kan. They levied their enforced
contribution after the train started. hold-
Ing up the passengers In the Pullman
coach. The conductor was among the
persons robbed.
At N.arman, Kan. six miles out of
the city, the train slowed up for the sta
tion and the bandits dropped off and dis
appeared. The booty obtained was five
gold watches and about $1'» In money.
No shots were fired and no one was in
jured.
The telegraphic report made by the con
ductor to the Missouri Pacific officials
state* that of the three robbers two men
who wore masks stood the passengers up
at the muzzle of their pistols while the
third, who wore no disguise, collected
the booty.
BROOKES FAREWELL.
Announces to Cubans the Transfer of
Hi 9 Office to Wood.
HAVANA. Dec. 19.— General Brooke
will to-morrow Issue a proclamation to
the people of Cuba announcing the trans
fer to his successor. Major General Leon
ard Wood, of the duties of the office <>f
Military Governor. The proclamation will
review it length the former and present
conditions in Cobft, emphasizing the facts
that peace now reigns, that law and order
rule and that the military control In the
Island is purely advisory and supervisory.
ml Brooke concludes his address to
the Cubans with these words: "With the
f.-eling that the future la in your hands,
to make or to mar, and trusting that
wise counsels may prevail among you, I
say to you farewell."
General Wood in expected to-morrow
morning.
SHIRVING MAY BE LOST.
Party of Rescuers Sent Out From
Dawson to Find Him.
SEATTLE. Dec 19. -In August of IKW
Corporal Shlrvlng and two of the Yukon
mounted police were sent out from Daw
son to rescue such persons as might be
found In distress along the ill-fat
mondton trail. Th«-j were to look espec
ially for a party < i .^pectors under the
leadership of A. 1 «rTatt. It is belle\ -
M In Dawson that in. latter party long
since perished and Major Perry fears for
th.' safety of Shlrvlng and his m««n an!
wh. n the latest arrival left Dawson a
second party of rescuers was about to be
start. 'l out.
•i»>l Evans, who succeeded Colonel
St.-. le in command of the Yukon mounted
I ha- been recalled to Ottawa, to
t.ik-- charge <>f the second military dis
trict of Canada.
TO SHORTEN THU LrNTE.
Union Pacific Railway Will Tunnel
Through Piedmont Hill.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec. 19— At Union Pa
diflc headquarters to-day It was stated
that the report from Cheyenne relating to
contract* for $3,000,000 mad* by that com
pany had no relation to the tunnellnK of
Sherman Hill. The principal Item In the
contract Is the bull. ling of a cutoff around
Piedmont Hill. The cutoff Is to be forty
miles In leneth and will, In addition to
eliminating the Piedmont Hill, shorten the
lino about ten miles. In building it three
tunnels are necessary, the combined
lennth of which Is about a mile and a
half. The hill Is in the western part of
the State, and. next to the one at Sher
man, is the worst on the main line of the
Union ractflc.
STRIVING FOR STATEHOOD.
Arizona and New Mexico to Wage a
Strong Campaign-
WASHTNGTON. Dec. 19.— The Territor
ies of Arizona and New Mexico will make
a strong effort durlnß the present session
Of Congress to secure legislation admit
ting them to statehood.
Preliminary to an active campaign In
Congress, a Congressional party consist
ing of Senators Shoup of Idaho. Clark of
Wyoming. Representative Hull of lowa.
Assistant Secretary of War Melklejohn.
Commissioner of Land Ofnce Hermann
and a number of others will leave Wash
ington in a few days, for a tour of the prin
cipal cities In the two Territories. They
! will be escorted by the Governors of the
respective Territories, who have come tr»
Washington for the express purpose of
Inviting this Congressional contingent to
visit their localities and .to for them-
I k.-Ivos how well quail their citizens are.
! for statehood. (Tpon the return of the
i Congressional party. It la probable, meas
. ures will bo Introduced jn both houses
with this object In view.
With the Democrats predominating in
( both the Territories. It Is doubtful If th-
I present Republican Congrrss will enact
the legislation desired at thN session.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HEALTH HABIT.
Just as Easy to Form as Any Other.
We do not deliberately form our pet
habits, but they are unconsciously ac-
quired and grow as we grow, and by the
time we learn .they aro hurting us. wa
find them too strong to be easily broken.
Then, why not form a good habit, a
habit which will counteract the many bad
ones. In other words contract the un-
fashionable habit of being always well? •
The best health habit to get Into Is to
have and keep a vigorous stomach; If you
have a healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved coffee, smoke your favorita
brand of tobacco, with little or no harm:
the mischief begins when these things ara
forced upon the faithful stomach with-
out any assistance.
Form the habit of taking after meals
some harmless but efficient dlgestlvo
which will relieve the stomach of so much
extra work.
Nature furnishes us with such diges-
tives and when they are combined In
such a pleasant preparation as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, they give the over-
worked etomach Just the necessary as-
sistance to secure perfect digestion with-
out any of the harmful effects of cathar-
tics and similar drugs.
Th.> habit of taking Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals la as necessary to tha
weak stomach as food Itself, and indeed
to get the benefit from food eaten nothing
better and certainly nothing safer can be
used.
Many famlles consider Stuart's Tablet*
as essential In the house as knives and
forks.
They consist entirely of natural diges-
tive principles without the effect or char-
acteristics of drugs; they hare no ca-
thartic action, but simply go to work on
the food eaten and d!gest It.
Take Into account your bad habits and
the expense they entail and then Invest ' )
cents In a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tub-
lets and see If your digestion for the next
month Is not vastly Improved.
Ask the clerk In any drug store the
name of the most successful and popular
stomach remedy and he will aajr
"Stuart's."
Dr. Meyers & Co.
M«n only. Pay when well. No In-
curable case* taken, fidvlce and pri-
vate book free, office or mall. Rom«
cures. Letter* confidential- 731 Market
St.. S. F- TaKe elevator to third floor
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A 57.00 BOOK.
The Dook of the Century. Haadnomtly
Illustrated by thirty-two of the WorMs
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In sabwrtMng
to the Eugene. Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions aa low in $1 will ■-•.•.:•
duaor to this daintily artistic volume
"FItLD I LOVVI.KS
i. nth bound, •ill), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Dook contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and rnnut reprenenta-
Uve works and Is ready for delivery.
Hut for the noble contribution of th*
world's rreiitest artists this book rould r. -t
have been manufactured for less than •'
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene Field
and the Fund for the bulMtnx • '. a monu-
ment to th" memory of the beloved poet
Of childhood. Addrev*
ICQENB FIELD MOHCM IST SOCVE^IR TWO.
ISO Monroe St.. Chlj«_o.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postac*. enclose
10 -••
Mention this Journal * Adv. Is inserted as our
Contribution.
»
PChtakesseVs Ka«U*k Dtaae«4 Braa-. • ->
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_4C*v Or1«1--1 •■* Oily Gea.ta* _k
«-.x"sV > ••'«. *>••»• r-.u»u. (.•»!<■ «a /T\
L*\±>QsS -«i f-^-i la Ur4 vi (M. m.-.:u,t\?7
"W^^BJtxw.. «m <4 «li» kIM *Iktaa. T_k»
M tt^KJaaat^ve. «VV»« <»>i'iu i»l<i> ▼
[■) * rm jP*Mt ****** mi AiDrt(tt<-.«r_n! *•.
I C- JJf la n«-r« At t irtUmlan. urOawaUlj >« J
Vf9> 0 "Ilcll*/ IWr La4le«,''«MUrt^ k. relara
J^ JT kUU. !•.••• T«j«oe4^» r~rrZ~.
>^-— rCb CieitlMl Co.. MMLm* aar «
amnauaiuTa^iiti. PKILAIIA-. P*
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GUEAT UKtSTOUATIVK. INVIOORA-
tor an Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for th. Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kl>
neys and llladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NAIiER. AL.F9 A URINE. Agsnts.
ta Market street. 8. T.— (Bead tot ClrcuUr.l
J k < V^r>rW>rVW<r\A^^Ar\rV%AArWWW»
< UJpMtF LNJECTION.
I; A PERMANENT CURE
, i of the moat obMtlnate cases of Gonorrhoea
i ' and Gleet, rnaranteed In frota 3 to 6 • ,
i , days ;no etner treatment required. ! t
| i Sold by all dramrlets.
k/WWWWVW WVWWWVWWWW
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAU: I AND WASHINGTON STd.-nn
Modeled and renovated. KINO. WAiID 4
CO. European plan. Itooms. i- •• '■> ft M C*T
16 to %% week: » to IM.month. Kree baths; h**
and cold water every room: fire gratis in t»«n
room; elevator runs all night.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE JU foi-som st.WALL STREET BEARS
SCURRY TO COVER
New York Banks Stay the Panic
on 'Change by Unloosing
a Golden Stream.
NKW YORK. Dec. 19-Ther* was a com
ri°'<*. revolution of sentiment In Wall
street to-day, nnd the latter part of th«
KSKlnn of the Stork Exchange witnessed
Kotnethin^ HI;..- a i.ir.k- among: tho bears,
who were making frantic efforts to *e
run* Flock? to cover short contracts, and
bidding prices up on themselves. The
professional traders took the lons tide of
th<» ir.arkct and Lid up prices to take the
market away from the hears. Many oi>
•rators who had ruthlessly sacrificed their
holdings In the i)and<-monium of yester
day wore also eager buyers. In the hope
of retrieving losses. Besides these ele
ments there was a large contingent of
bargain-hunter*, made up of people with
ready money looking for investment, and
who buy outnght to hold.
Some such revulsion of feeling wap a
natural consequence of the violent decline
of yesterday, which overran Itself. The
Issue of the speculative conflict was by
no means certain until about midway of
the pension, and yesterday's tide" of disas
ter was not stemmed without titanic exer
tions on the part of the most powerful
financial interests in the country acting In
concert. Millions of dollars In money were
forthcoming for the extension of credits
to buyers of securities. The clearing
house bankt* supplemented their yester
day's contribution of 510.000.0D0 by another
<>f the Fame amount to be loaned at the
market rate. The announced determina
tion of the Secretary <<t the Treasury to
increase Government deposits In deposi
tory li.-inks pave promise of relief fr>>m
ti.e start and funds estimated at 17,000.003
became available from this .source before
the market closed.
I'r.d- r the Influence of this abundance
yesterday's parle rites for money were
«i no time aj>pr<-achrd. but the demnnd
jv»r loans made inroad? on the supply
with seemingly Insatiable appetite. Ttie
rat»« went 10 z:> per cent; but steadily de
clined from that jxiint under the offerings
.if successive millions until U was forced
down t.> •; j<r oent, and in the lat«» after
noon fell .<j 1)4, i>, 3 and at last to 2 rcr
nr.t.
■
■
■
■
■
The early hours of th<» trading witness
ed very heavy '.: ;::■:..:: ■:; In continuance
of yesterday's process of recuperation,
but there was no approach to th« panic
conditions of yesterday at any time. The
extensive and elaborate preparations
made to moot the crisis were evident at
the opening and prlc«* were opened at
large advances all through the list. The
result was helped by the higher quota
tions pent over fmm London, where the
htock exchange had a false rumor of s
jiartinl retrieval »>f General Buller of his
recent disaster. The high prlcea for
Americans In the London market were
doubtless due In part to manipulation or
<l'-r> - cabled from this side. In furtherance
of the general plan to sustain and pro
t»Tt thf» market. The opening advance
w.'is m«-t by an avalanche «>f liquidating
s-aW, wlilrh promptly drove down prices
Jn !«plte <>f the utmost efforts to sustain
them. Not a few Fto«*ks showed evl
<":• noes <if positive weakness and the first
two hours of trading were given up to
furious activity and Indescribable con
fUKton of n«»ntiment.
-
i
.
■
With the subsidence of th«» panic con
rtHlons a Mixr and quieter view devel
njvd. A Study of th»* facts In connection
vlth tlv* trii>t company which came to
prW $"r#terdmy nnd of th«» sr-curlti<-s with
Miil'h It vjt--" Involved showed them to
1»' unique mid not to bo tr.ken as Justify
ing tlte wholesale fear and distrust which
v.a« felt yesterday. »>"t only <>f nil trust
rompanten. l>ut all Industrial securities.
Nevertheless, there was abundance of
precaution and discrimination shown to
«iay against many of the industrials, and
especially In th« placing of loans. They
xnere not acceptable as collateral and
in' >!>♦*>• was not easily procured for the
purpose of supporting them In th«* market.
It was reported that the financial powers
concerting measures of relief were not al
tocether In agreement as to the length to
which It was deHre.l to go, some of them
holding the opinion thnt no real benefit
would accrue from sustaining some «>f the
Industrial aecuriUea. IJut the danger dls
rln*«d by yesterday's events on the whole
fabric «if value* carried the day in favor
«>f ih*» relief measures.
■
■
• l
The knowl.
■
Th»
■
HOW WOMEN
May Escape
' •' *"' C^
""■ df • •
2 l^.^.y HUDYAN
■ '■ a
v"*"i ' all
D rf ' j^-
<~ BB^Bk^a\ ' "
mm , '"-v hu i< v a n
XAwotmSM
MM J$
■
r " f
* ' r
!»• U-
B^flaßS^BsV '■" r «'T*'
1 - > V. W*^mrZmmm\ " '
jSM laaß\ *' '
fr '■^■r^^mm '
1 all
1 '. dl»-
9 a^^BB^ B^''"^^BSlBSSlBBjF tr< »», a r, <i
qulr-kly brlrißK
th» rr»Mi to pal«\ van turn. HUIjYAN allays '
r^rvr.t:* Irrttabtlity and Rives rtrrncth to
vnrn^n who «r^ «I<-Ilc«te.
HI'IiYAN cures nervous l.< ai'.a. ■) ■»■« (\),
funkrn «•)■»•• nnd .lark rlner urifW ryes (2).
l-nlf mnk^n rhfek* «3). pali'ltatlcn of li*art
(41, i ■ i ;■: ;•'•:■'• nnd •llnord<'t< > <1 dteestlon <si,
I ••nrral v > .i. ;.<•• ■ (C). :fil all othrr curapllca-
imns of female dlsordrrß.
HI'DVAX cum all chronic uttiine aJi(J ovar- i
ian troubles. n«r% - «iumr*», paJn In back, niiu- i
k«. .iracKtnc or brarJnr-d<»wn pains. IlL'l>-
VAN rnin-.itly cures mucous dlschaixe.
fib! lifiilV 4 V »> f 'ra foot druMrtnt. .-,%£
UCI iillM.'iA i;ackac««. v\x packages for
f? .'■*• If jour lirurrlrl <lr»« riot keep It, send ill- ;
iwt v. the lIITIiVAN ItKMKDTCO.eor. Stock.
lon. Hill* «n<l Market nts . fian Francisco. Cal. ,
CONFX'LT HCPVAN DOCK ■ ABOCT
TOflt <;ASE WtEE OF CnAHGE. CALL, OR <
WIUTE,
' ' where
not to
I i fur
■
Yesterday's unprecedented events on th«
Stock Exchange attracted lmmensa
throngs to the financial district this morn-
Jnp. The galleries were Inadequate to
meet the demands on them, and great
crowds of all sorts and conditions of meri
and women surrounded the approaches.
The strain upon the brokers and oper
ators was a severe one. and the. scramble
and turmoil upon the tloor of the tx
charge made scenes of inextricable con
fusion.
I mparlson of prices with those of
lay's close shows that the level Is
• 'aterlall> very aub
•.r.ile of yester
'■xtreme loss. The day's tuJ - .
ail the way from iwo to • -.
active stocks.
FAILURE OF LONDON
AND NORTHERN BANK
IS.— The failure of th*
I ' rtbern Hank ■:
-snail concern, was an-
H d a
attributing the' failure |
itlons re
Ij ;>eared In
the di
fully cover the liabilities
The failure of the bank and the rise of
the German rate of discount and interest,
the latter from 7 to 8 per cent, did not
appear to have any serious effect on the
market here. The general feeling on tne
street was that the conditions were btt
ter. This was not a little due to the un
presslon gained from private advices that
«n arrangement had been reached in New
York over night to support the market
and prevent a recurrence of yesterday's
panic.
It is hardly thought that the rise In
the German discount rate will cause a
corresponding increase of the English
bank rate.
The transactions on the Stock Exchange
were again unmarked by a serious amount
Of liquidation. There was a plethora of
offers to sell, but buyers were hard to
find. Consequently, many shares were
marked down, though not to such an
extent as yesterday. The lack of actual
transactions was generally due to the.
feeling that the larger houses will do
nothing until it is known wh-ther or not
the French bank rate will be raised. It
is believed in pome Quarters that, if this
occurs, the Hank of England will follow
suit with .1 resulting Increase in the grav
ity of the situation :ind further depreci
ation of values. At the close the Impres
sion prevailed that the Bank of France
would raise its rate, though It would not
be definitely known until to-morrow.
At the opening absolutely unfounded
rumors. hucii as a serious defeat of Gen
eral fiery, helped the depression In price,
though the Bank of J England freely dis
counted thirty-day bills at »'« per cent, and
apparently tnere was no particular press
ure In I,ombard street.
panic thi r.
■i larirt- liquidations.
■
. ■ . •
\in<-rl
itreet.
J fea
" lul closing
- • iiard
■
BANK OF GERMANY'S
BULLION DEPLETED
BERLIN Dec. 19 —The Releheanzingcr
publishes the following . ■ meat: At
the meeting of the central committee of
the Hank of Germany to-day. Herr Kock,
a director, discussing the ilnanrlal situa
tion, said the position of the bank had
never before been so strained at the same
period of the year and that the stock of
million had become seriously diminished,
being T>7."(»0,000 marks less than In IS'.ts.
After giving other flgurea showing the
difficulties of the situation, he said it had
been Impossible to avoid an increase in
the bank rate.
NATIONAL BANK OF
PORT JARVIS SUSPENDED
WASHINGTON. W<- 13.- Word has
the Comp
trolk • trrency th.it tl
■ > r York
Moore, N ■
rary receiver. Th» bank*«
howed r^
luded
■
COLUMBIAN IRON WORKS
IN A RECEIVER'S HANDS
Unable to Meet Obligations Aggre
gating Four Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
BALTIMORE. Pec. 13.— Judge Phclps in
the rity Circuit Court to-day, by consent,
appointed Harry AI Parr receiver for tho
Columbiiin Iron Works and Drydock Com
pany. Mr. Parr p;iv«- bonds for $100,000.
In the petition, which was filed by Parr.
It Is alleged that the company has sub
i jetted its«-lf to many obligations, now ;l< _
pregatlug hotwron $375,00) and $400,000. in
cluding about SITJ.OjO 111 1 promissory notes
hold by Baltimore hanks Indorsed indi
j vidti&lly by former Mayor William T.
! Malster, the. president of the company, by
Christian Do Vries. the president of the
Charles A. Vogeler Company, which as
signed yesterday, and by the petitioner.
Notes aßKrtpatlnc $75,000. Indorsed by the
three gentlemen named and by Charles M
i Swayne of IMilladolphia, it Is Batd. *aro
held by banking institutions in the Quaker
i City. Of these. not<s about 130.000 have
j already matured and others are about to
I fall due. The company has no available
! cash to meet Its obligations.
The company's answer says that It has
! a larpe claim against th«« Federal Govern
ment for work done by It In constructing
vessels, and If sufficient time be allowed
to finish the work under existing contracts
i and some method be devised by which it
may acquire the money necessary to com
plete its work it will be ablo to pay all
obligations. It therefore consented to a
t receiver.
M. MARCEL-HABERT
IS UNDER ARREST
I Seized When He Appeared as a Wit
1 ness Before the Chamber of
Deputies.
PARIS. Dec. 13— II Ifarcel-Habert,
member of the Chamber of Deputies for
Etamboolliet, who Is one of the defend
ants In the conspiracy trial now In prog
ress before the Henate now sitting as a
high court, made his llrst appearance be
fore that tribunal to-day. lie was Imme
diately placed under arrest and Impris
oned.
BERI-BEBI ON A BARK.
Three Deaths Occur Aboard the Alex
ander Lawrence.
LONDON. De«. —A dispatch has h^n
received Mating that th« Norwegian bark
Alexander Lawrence. Captain Dahl, from
Ship Island September 15> for Montevideo,
ha« arrived at her destination with, beri
beri on board, and that tho mate, a sea
man and a boy arc dead.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1899.
NO WOUNDS ON
LORRAINE'S BODY
Officers Certain That He
Was Murdered.
Spec! .-. Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, De 19— When Sheriff
Taylor. Deputy Sheriff Miller and Coroner
Eden reached Carson Canyon to-day thy
found the body of Peter Lorraine, the old
woodrhopper. who disappeared on May 1
lust, lying in a clearing on the hillside,
with one hand raised toward heaven, as
if mutely invoking vengeance from the
powerß above on the head of his assassin.
I There the body has lain for eight long
I months while searching parties have
j scoured the region in vain. Now that the
! link needed lias been found the man be
lieved to be tho murderer has dlsap-
I peared, and the authorities are forced to
admit that the chances of his apprehen
sion are indeed slight.
The discovery of the remains was made
by Pedro Sals, an Indian who went to
work for John Enos, the foreman of the
woodchoppers' camp, last Sunday. Yes
terday Sals was given the cabin formerly
occupied by Dler and "French Pete and
sent to work In the vicinity of where the
body wus found. He returned and In
| formed Enos of what he had seen, where
upon the foreman repaired to the scene
with two Swedes. Verifying the Indian'!
j tale. Enos returned to his house and
I shortly afterward went to San Geronimo
i and telegraphed Sheriff Taylor.
An examination of the body to-day
' failed to reveal any signs of violence ex
cept a hole In the hat, which might have
been made with a rifle or a club.
The failure to discover any signs of
how the man was killed shows nothing,
|as only the bones remained. Lorraine
< might have been cut in pieces or choked
I and the fact could not be shown. Coroner
Eden brought the remains to town and
took them to the Morgue. The Inquest
will be held to-morrow morning at 10
I o'clock.
rT Taylor brought Bye men here to
.'.'■ the Inquest to-morrow.
Thi > are I i .1 inn En< ■ and son,
Pedro Sals, Juan Pasqual and John John-
A dram. -urrcd at the
■ shortly ui't.-r Uk- remains were
: :tio. better
• eh Charley ." an old va m
at time tried to kill
with an ax. asked to see the body. His
: it w.is granted and hardly had he
ly when li" threw up his hands
and tragically exclaimed:
"Pete, you once tried i>> kill mo. but I
■ ■ all n«>w. I >l--r has <1< 'tie for you
all riuht, as i knew he would."
Turning to the officers Machlno cx
i plained that he knew Dler and Lorraine
I had frequently quarreled, and that once
I Dler went to San Francisco and bought a
revolver with the declared Intention of
"doing Pete up." The old man was de
tained as a witness.
The place where the body was found Is
j about 1000 yards from the group of cabins
I and 200 yards from Lorraine's cabin. It is
j only thirty- or forty feet from the sled
, road used In hauling wood out of the can
i yon. As Dier was ■ strong man and Lor
j ralne weighed only about 135 pounds, It
would have been an easy feat for the sus
pect to carry "French Pete" to the place,
! or more easily to have dragged him there.
As Lorraine disappeared In the month
lof May. when the weather was very
i warm. the officials deem it a surprising
: fact that the odor of the decomposing
: flesh did not betray the presence of the
] body. This fact and others have on
vinced th<-m that Dler may have actually
■ committed the crime, but that he was not
the only person that knew of it. In 1888,
when John Johnson, a cook, disappeared,
EnoF himself was summoned before the
Grand Jury to make explanation* regard-
Ing certain suspicious circumstances.
When I »i- r was in the County Jail he In
sinuated that Enos knew more about the
missing inar.'s whereabouts than anybody
else.
r has been unabl.i to
Every effort will be made to locate him.
as it i- believed that if he should be con
victed of the crime he might be able to
furnish the authorities with Information
concerning the previous tragedies which
have given the canyon the name of the
"Black Hole of Marln."
It is believed that Taylor and Eden now
have evidence tending to clear two of
these mysteries, which cannot be thorr
oughly elucidated without the knowledge
of facts Dier Is now supposed to have In
his possession. Knos lends color to this
theory by a persistent refusal to answer
all questions, saying that the Sheriff has
advised him to keep a still tongue.
YDA ADDIS UNDER
CLOSE SURVEILLANCE
Generally Believed That She Is the
Author of a Number of Libel
ous Letters.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 19.— Yda Ad
elis Storke, whose charge of attempting
to murder was dismissed several days ago
and who ii now serving a year's sentence
In the County jail, Is again being care
| fully watched by the jailer and the Sher
iff's office. For some time complaints
have been made to the Sheriff by per
sons who have received anonymous Ict
i ters, charging them with the filthiest
I things. Young girls have been accused
of Intimacy with men of questionable
character, while heads of families have
also received pretenses of warnings. Al
most every one who has received one of
thfse letters was In some way connected
directly or indirectly with the notorious
llbeloua letter case.
Mrs. Storke has been allowed to send
and receive letters at will and none have
been tampered with by the Sheriffs of
tice. She has also written letters to per
sons in this city. In which she accuses
; the jailer and Sheriff with gross and crlm
' Inal negligence, stating that the male and
| f finale prisoners have been allowed to re
• main In the same cell, and other offenses
These, reports reached the Sheriff's office
and a close watch lias been kepi on Mrs.
Storke for some time, and It was in this
way that the olllcers were convinced that
sho was again sending out llbelou let
ters.
DECKER ISLAND IS
AWARDED TO HANSEN
BUIBUN. Dec. 19.— The suit in ejectment
riled against Rom Hansen by Hugh Clns
sell was decided to-day by Judge Buck
les in favor of the defendant. The suit
Involved the possession of what Is known
as Decker Island In tho Sacramento
River.
The island has gradually been forming
' In the river since 1855. It is near the
west bauk. and the property on that side
is owned by Glassell, the plaintiff in the
case. Ho never took direct possession of
the Island, although he occasionally pas
tured some cattle on it and erected a few
wire fences. The island gradually in
creased In size until it finally reached
the western shore and became apparently
a portion of the plaintiff's property.
In is. the Island was surveyed and sold
to Hansen as swamp or overflowed land,
and for the last four or five rears he has
regularly employed men to improve it.
On April 10 ol this year Ghussell tiled an
ouster and the case was bitterly fought
In tho courts, with the result that the
decision was rendered in favor of the de
fendant. The Island now consists of about
seventy acres.
PLEA FOR CHINESE SAILORS.
Dewey Renews His Request That
They Be Admitted.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. If, — Admiral
Dewey has renewed his request that the
Chinese who served with him during the
battle of Manila may be given the- right
to enter the United States free of restric
tions. in his letter to Secretary Long,
which has been forwarded to Congress
without comment, Admiral Derwej says
that it Is doubtful If more than a dozen of
thes<» Chinese would care to avail them
selves of the privilege, adding: "But it
seems to me that It would be only com
mon justice to give it to thorn."
Calendars for 1900.
"California Voilets." "Golden Poppl«'s"
and "California Wild Flowers" are the
most popular calendars for ISM; price 50c
each." Catalogues and price l«s»t of all
kinds of calendars furnished on applica
tion. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st.
PROVING THAT ROBERTS
HAS A TRIO OF WIVES
Many Utah Witnesses Give Testi
mony Before the House Special
Committee,
WASHINGTON, Dec. '/' -A number of
from L'tafa appeared to-day be
the committee of the House of Rep
tlch is Investigating the
case of Polygamlflt Roberts. They includ
ed Mrs. Dr. Luella Miles, a pr;.
• f Halt Lake City; Mrs M•
• I. B. L. McDaniel and S. 1., i
Mr. R •
Wai present and conducted the ci
aminatlon.
.Mr.-. Dr. Miles was the first witness.
She gave her profession as that of a
physician at Salt Lake City and a member
of the Medical Society there. She gave
the details of a call she made at the house
of Mrs. Dr Maggie Bhlpp Huberts on
April 12, i>'j7. relative to some medical^
society affairs. Bhe addressed Mrs. Shlpp*
Roberts as "Dr. Shlpp." whereupon, the
witness saldt she waa interrupted, with the
remark:
•Doctor, you can call mo Dr. Roberts."
Mrs. Roberta went on to explain, the
witness said, that aha had been married
to Roberts for several years. She asked
that the medical society mail sent her In
future be add reaped, to "Dr. Huberts," sot
•'Dr. Shlpp."
Subsequently the witness called at the
house, and ;i:ter a time Roberts came In
and was introduced. She could not recall
whether there was a specific introduction
as husband or whether his entry was with
such familiarity aa to indicate a marital
status.
When Roberts cross-examined the wit
ness aha repeated ihe same story.
After the witness had stepped aside
Roberts submitted an objection to the ef
fect that thlß testimony related to lsl'7.
whereas the Committee had no Jurisdic
tion over him prior to bis becoming a
member of Congress.
"Then you contend," said Chairman
Taylor, "that the testimony should be
coniincd to polygamous practices subse
quent to Mai 1, VS&iT'
•'1 do," answered Roberts.
•■The objection will be noted," responded
the chairman,
Rev. S. K. Wishard was the next wit
ness, lie gave his business as that of
superintendent of the home missionary
work of the Presbyterian Synod, embrac
ing Utah. He knew Roberts and Mrs. Dr.
Roberts and related his nrst meeting with
the latter in September/ 1897. Tins oc
curred, be said, on the train at Mantl,
Utah. He "a:- in the car with Roberts
and spoke with him. A lady sat beside
him and he beckoned to her and then in
troduced her, saying:
"Mrs. Roberts, Mr. Wlshard."
On cross-examination Roberts brought
out \\ ishard opposition to. Mormonlsm
and then asked:
"Was Roberts drunk when he mado this
Introduction referred to?"
"Not that 1 know of."
"Was he insane?"
■•1 do not know
••What possible reason, then," ask' <l
I Roi crts ha.\ •■ had for put
ting htmsell In such .1 position with one
w bo
be COUld not explain
: repeated that the facts wen
Mi . Maria Mdtuugall testified that on
July 22, 1898, she was on a train and R
<rt< and Mrs. Lr. Roberta traveled on the
sane.
R r:s Introduci bis
companion as - m> wife.' " testified Mrs.
igall, "and repeatedly as 'Mrs. Rob
erts.' "
Kdward Mi Daniels, former manager of
the .- it Lake Ileruld. wa» examined at
considerable length, mainly on the politics
and convention alTalrs pertaining to Bob*
crts' nomination to Congress. In 1896,
while managing the Herald, he had .1 con
versation with Roberts, In the course of
which Roberts told him he had three fam
ilies. Subsequently, in 1898, the witness
said there was another conversation prior
to the nominating convention relative to
rumors against Roberts. Tin latter said
he thought this line of oppoMtion would
not prove effective, as be would court an
attack as to the plurality of wives.
On cross-examination McDanlels said he
hud ; posed the nomination of Roberts.
Roberts asked the witness:
. not X berta state at these conver
ts thai Celia Dibble Roberts lived
out •■! the Stat< "'
•| do nol recall it," answered the wit
■
"What Roberts did Bay," the witness
rontn. thai ht: was not guilty
crime '■' polygamy, as that crime
: h\ th-- Supreme Court in
ol plural wives, thus making a
dlstinctlcn f r >tn unlawful cohabitation."
I bia i etin tnent from the
Hem ..mis. be did not wish to
id Roberta while li\mg in polygamous
, ratal
r. the Gentile representative,
who conducted the direct examination,
submitted a copy of an editorial by Rob
erts in the New era relating to polygamy
and its Biblical stal
Roberts presented a formal obte.tion to
the testimony en general Lines already
. ■ i n took -i •
At th»- afterno d session T. J. Brandon,
lent of Centerville, Utah, where be
had been Postmaster and Probate Judge,
tentifled that he had known B. n. R
rjr years, also Louisa smith Roberta and
Cella Dibble Roberts, lie kneV the <'hu
dr«-n ol Louisa Smith Robert] — five or six
, in number. Cella Dibble Roberts also had
lUdren. If he remembered correctly.
He knew thai on the morninp of August
ii 1897, it was currently reported about
i • i.i. i \ llle thai B. ft. Rol
born to him by <v.iia Dibi.it>
Roberts. He had seen them frequently
. then. He als.. k.,\^ circumstantial
details of other children of Cella DlUble
Roberts, who. he Bald, u.>f" recognised In
the town as tin* children of B. H. Roberts
and called for the mal r i Blfa Roberta
and occasionally for B. il. Roberts while
the witness w aa P< ■( nuu
On cross-examination the witness said
he know nothing beyond general repute;
hail not been Introduced to Cells Roberts
'< and had never called at the house, He
said he had attended a town meeting and
made .i speech saying he would vote for
• Roberta. as he was the "whitest" man of
the two sides. He bad voluntarily sepa
rated himself from the Mormon faith.
On redirect examination Brandon told
of ■ funenU In the family of Cella Dib
ble Roberts. B. H. Roberts was present
at the funeral. Afterward he saw the
tombstone at the grave of this child,
which read:
"Lena, daughter of Celia and Brigham
H. Roberts."
In reply to Chairman Tayler Brandon
said Cella Dibble Roberta now occupied
the house formerly occupied by Louisa
Smith Roberts, who had moved into a
new house built by B. H. Roberts. i: H.
Roberts owned both buildings, according
to general repute. While Postmaster,
when one of tho Roberts children called
for mall for "father." lie delivered the
mail of B. H. Roberts.
Ray Brandon, son of the former witness
knew Roberts, Louisa Smith Roberts c••
lia Dibble Roberts and most, if not ail, of
the children. He said it wan generally re
ported that the twins were born to Celia
and B. H. Roberta, and he had seen them
and talked with them. lie had seen
Roberts about the Cella Roberta house
just •'»» husband and father would be
about, working around the house and
barn. a short time ago, the witness said
he was passing the Leila Roberts houso
when one of Roberts' nieces presented the
twins and said they were the twins of B
11. Roberts. He had seen Roberts with
his coat off around the Cella Dibble house.
He was personally acquainted with the
11-year-old boy of Celia Dibble Roberts
and had talked with him as to the birth
of the twins. The children of Louisa
Roberta called Celia Dibble Roberta
•aunt." The usual Custom when such re
lations existed was for thn children of one
wife to call the other wife "aunt."
On cross-examination Roberts- brought
out that the witness was absent at school
for considerable periods. Including the
rammer of last year, and his observations
did not cover those periods. He had no
personal knowledge of the marital rela
tions existing beyond common repuio
When Roberts asked If the witness was
not a gambler he answered In the nega
tive. The witness. in response to ques
tions, said he had been lined twice for
minor assaults.
Bchroeder stated that this closed the
evidence on hand, and would be all unless
the committee wished for further testl
mony. There I ijfntleni^n
who i .id" if the < omi
desired more direel testimony it could be
had only by summoning the women re
puted !■• i- the wives oi Roberts.
Chairman Tayler asked wuat
line he desired to follow. He said ! •
no witnesses, but >:•• had some document
,'idence he wished to present, and he
I it Would arrive to-morrow.
"Do you expeel to place ] >urself on the
itand aa a wlti I
member of the commit
"I do not." replied Rob< i
At the request of Representative Mi r
rls. Brandon Br, returned to the stand
;n\'i was aske i by Morria si to the no
repute nt Roberts and Cells and Ix>uis>t
"Tlj- ■ b a general repute." the
witness replied. "It Is that Cella Dlhtile
Robert- la !• cognised by the jntlre com
munity ta U 11. Roberts' sevond Wife.
Shr Is dt-alt with by the Mormon church
as hit- «furd wife."
"How about Louisa Roberts?"
•"She Is recognized as his first wife."
Brandon that the third reputed
wlft . Mai Bhipp Roberts, h.id
come thert- once to attend the funeral al
ready referred to.
The records of these marriages, the wit
-aJd, were In the Temple, whtrh was
the only <".f pository of plural mar- .
He said it was generally understo. -.
Roberts was In the employ of and patd
by tho church,
Tl la brought about quite a sharp *•%
cha::^ ■. ■ . the witness and Roberts.
"Do you not know." askod Rnhi-r's,
"that the Mormon church does not pay
ministering for It?"
"I know." replied Hr.indon. "that the
rank and ♦ile are not paid, but the higher
onea are paid."
"And is not B. H. Roberts in th
an.l aier*
"No, sir; you Rr<» considered as one of
thf Influential ones, and at the time you
i down It was stated thai
received 1100 per month from the en
••i >:<\ not Roberts d< ny it."
"I kn«>\v.' said th.' witness, "that thft
;■ siys h.- «f>ml= a part of the tithing
up th.-r. fCentervllle) to pay you."
"Do you not know that none of the tl'n
ln« is senl there?"
"I only know what the RisJ.op snys."
Ray Brandon w.-.s recalled to pi\
"t general repute alon^ t)ie same
lines as !,|s father. The <-ommltt
elded to ii^ar srguments in the case on
iry 4. in the meantime, durinK the
holiday recesi n snli-cimmlttee ronslstliiK'
of all those in the city will h»-.ar other
v.ho may come on from '
Their coming It Indefinite and no tim«. is
Jlx. ■! for tin- h>>arti!e.
GERMAN FLAG HOISTED
OVER APIA COURTHOUSE
With the Transfer of Sainoan Islands
Comes News of Strife Among
Natives.
APIA. Snmnn. Dp< . U (via Auckland.
The Qerman flap was hoisted
over the Courthouse to-dajr as an official
atlon of th«- annexation <<f 1
lands, bj agreement, u> Germany. Th.>
German Consul, on board the Cormoran,
was Interviewed \<y th.- Samoan chiefs.
They ln.formed the <'>uis:il that Ma.tn.it i
would be selected. Havinc declared their
government established, the Mataafaites
are driving the Malletoans out of the
villas. Trouble appears Imminent.
Earl of Tankerville Dead.
LONDON, Dee !».— The K.irl of Tankor
vllli> <<"harlfs li<-nnf»tt; Is .1. a«l. He was
»x>rn January It, I^lo.
/""^l^l Double
hi' >^s : i^f"£ :k grl
/wSlm^ot all=w ° o1
fmil^lM blueser £ e
ialfe^) suits $io.
l^*fitSHß^M^^l you if you have only a
j Tft» Mm ffii i rTr 3£r uv J y° u tf y° u have only a
RfflMr flixV^/ limiteL^ amount left
W^BS rls^/ a * ter bu >' in S Christmas
MS? iill It>s the suit for the
f , 111 jj||r^ man who buys a suit
fordable price. We are sure that there
is fifteen dollars' worth of goodness in it.
Our policy: your moneys worth or your money
returned.
Christmas Clothes for Boys.
We have suits for boys that will please them at prices that
will please the parents. Stock includes about every style in suits
and overcoats.
From now until Christmas we give fr;e with every suit or overcoat in our
children's department any of these toys: ball and bat, wagon, tool chest, popgun
or humming top.
All children visiting this department accompanied by parents will receive a
box of candy free.
Out-of-town orders filled. Write us for Illustrated Catalogue No. 2.
Sl.lH.WuOySbO.
718 Market Street.
LIVES LOST IN
TENEMENT FIRES
Seven Charred Bodies
Taken Out.
Special Dispatch to Th* fall.
NEW YORK, Dec 19. Two early morn-
Ing tenement-house tires In this city re
sulted in the ueath of nt least seven per
sons to-day. The greater loss of life re
sulted from a tire In the Mentor apart
ment house, nt the corner of Third avenue
and One Hundred and Second street,
where five persona were burned to death
and nearly a dozen more or less seriously
injured through burns or .suffocation by
smoke. The dead persons are:
PATRICK BARRETT. H year* of nice.
MKS. PATRICK BARRETT, T. years of
age.
JULIA BARRETT, thHr si
datiKht.-r.
RICHARD NICKERB4 N
mechanic, of Cincinnati.
An unknown woman, about ~> years old
The Injured are: Delia O*Conn» 2S;
Kate Farley, 25; Susan McAdee. £); Mary
Barrett. 9; Mamie Scary, Zi; Kate l'ar
rev, 26.
A few hours earlier a deadly ttre at
tacked the five-story tenement on Tenth
avenue, burning to death Mrs Martin
Fox and her child George, two years and
six months old. The charred remains of
both were found after the tire. Mr. Fox
is a hackman and was not at home.
The tire at One Hundred and Second
street and Third avenue la supposed to
have started In the cellar.
The building was occupied by a liquor
store on the first floor and on the upper
floors by families. When the tire was
discovered by ■ man named Ward the
flames were coming out of the hallway.
The man could not enter the hallway, but
he ran Into the street and threw stones
at the building. There was no tire escape
in the front of the building. Presently
Ward saw at the fourth floor window n
Woman hanging on the ledge, the tire al
ready having Invaded her rooms. She
proved to i*» Delia OVonnell. Her sister
was also Climbing out Of the window and
she had already been severely burned and
half suffocated by smoke
Both women were hanging from ■ the
window when a hook and ladder truck
came up. 'l be men at once put up scaling
and extern ladders and firemen
climbed up. At the fourth floor another
woman, Mi Susan McAdee. 00 years old.
was found partly burned and dazed by
pmoke. hanging out of a window. The
firemen tl^d a rope around Mis. McAdee
and let her safely down.
Three firemen caught the O'Connoll
women in their arms, not an Instant too
soon. Both were badly burned. By this
time many men and women were four.d
at the windows, having been driven out
of their rooms by the flame*.
A few of the people escaped by the roar,
where th •!■«• were tire-escapes.
Hook and ladder Captain Turpenny
scaled a ladder to the top floor, and
found little Mary Barrett holding on to
the window ledge, a sheet of flame had
.struck her In the eyes and burned them
out. Her father, mother and little sister
were burned to death. The doctors *<ay
she cannot live.
May Seaxy was found at on« of the
upper Boor windows crouching In a cor
ner, too suffocated by smoke and too
much burned to be able to help hrrselt.
The loss fin the building was $40,000.
The other (Ire, In Tenth avenue, near
Thirty-eighth street, started In the base
ment and drat floor hallway, and when it
was discovered It had such a headway
thfit It was Impossible to enter.
The families on the upper part of the
house fled to the roof, whence they easily
reached the street The flremen on going
through the house after the tire had been
subdued, found two bodies at the foot of
the stairs on the third floor. The peti
tions showed that the woman had been,
trying to carry her child up the stairs.
The damage to the building by the tire
was comparatively small. .
The son of the President of Switzer
land Is Charge d'Affaires of the Swiss Le
gation at Washington.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
How To Find Out
Fill a bottle nr common Rlnss with
your water and let It stand twenty-four
hours; a sediment or settling Indicates
an unhealthy condition of trY kidneys:
if it stains the linen It Is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass It or pain in the back Is also con-
vincing proof that th*» kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the gr»-at kidney remedy.
fulfills every wish In curing rheuma-
tism, pain in the back, kidney*, liver.
bladder uml every part of the urinary
passage. It torrents inability to hoM
water and scalding pain in passing It.
or bad effects following use- of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that un-
pleasant necessity of bHng compelled
to go often during th»* day and to get
up many tim^s during th*» night. Th«
mild and the extraordinary effect of
Swamp-Itoot Is soon realized. It stands
the highest for Its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. if you
need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists In fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery and a book that
tells more about It, both sent absolutely
free by mall. Address Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. Hlnghamton. N". Y. When wrltlnp
mention that you read this generous
offer In the San Francisco Dally Call.
f Beautiful
Holiday
Goods.
i We Invite you to make an \
inspection of our assortment
of desirable goods (or Holi-
day Presents.
The latest importations In
OBJETS DART
No more beautiful stock
was ever exhibited in this
city. For your convenience
1 we are open evenings.
S. & G. GUMP CO.,
113 GEARY ST.
I i
DONATION DAYS
—OF THE
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
December 21st, 22d and 23d.
DO NOT FORGET THE
SICK CHILDREN.
Donations of money. »rocerl«s. dothlnc
llr.en. fuel, drucs. etc.. WILL BE SENT FOlt
at any time <l*strnati»<l <-, r will be s;rat«fully
I received by the Donation Day Committee at
COUL.TKU BROS., S7 Butter »t.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSDRANCB COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON' Tirß
■^ 31st Jay of December. A. D. IS3B. and t^r
the yrar emltns; cm that day. as mad* to th«
Insurance Cummlsuloner of th« Stat* of Cali-
fornia. I'Uinuunt ti> the provisions of sections
(10 and •".M of the Political Code, condensed »*
l'-r blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Itonds nwned by Company IKC.K2 SO
Cash In Company's Office ... ...... sS3 3
I Cash In liank* . . 113.930 (1
Interest due and «■« ■ • m—l on all Stocks
apd I. .in- ... J.M« «7
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 76.713 J3
Total Assets .HO.IUT 53
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense JC3.112 SI
lynses resisted. Including expenses 3.2^0 00
I Groaa premiums on Fire Kl*k* run-
nlns: one year or less. i:«;.:.i; si. re-
insurance M> per cent 1U.231 43
Grosa premium* on Fire Kinks run-
nlns; more than one year. $37,419 53;
re-Insurance pro rata .. Si 515 ti
• Dos anil accrual for salaries, rent,
etc in t3
All other demund.4 against the com-
I'any SJ ... 17
Total Liabilities in 7.4:4 a
INCOME.
Net Cash actually rece|ve.l for Fire
premium* K41.J17 tt
Recelveii for Interest and dividends
on Honda. Stoi-ks. I<oans. and from
all other s •'!■— < 23. M0 17
Total Income 1371.571 •'*
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid fur Fire Losses (In-
cluding !::.«: >•?. losses of previous
>••<•■ itS;.*O Z2
Paid <>r alloweil for Commission or
Drokeraße 90.*0 (4
Paid for Salaries. Fee*, and other
charKes for officers, clerks, etc ISO N
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes i:.« 9 «*
All other payments and expenditures.. r..«:i 7t
Total Expendltur»a Liii.yyj <4
Fire
l/osses Incurred durlnt; the year 5174.514 '%
Risks and I*remtums. [ Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks'
written during thel
| year | *tf.;33.U3 H71.7M 17
| Net amount of Risks
I expired during the
year 45.C2.9:: 4M.IMK
Net amount In force
December XI. »M.... M.0.»71 17i.»3 Xi
SAML. R. WEEI>.
of Weed * Kennedy. Manager*.
Subscribed and awnrn lo before me. thl* t^th
day of January. 1599.
EDWIM F. COrtET.
Coaimtssloner for California.
SYZ & CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
301 California Street.
DDTTCUUC fOR BARBERS. BAK-
fjji II Oil EtiJ "■•• bootblacks, bath-
WIIWW«aMM i .,u<r*. bllltaril tables,
brewers, b-iokblnders. candy-makers, canncr*.
dyers flour mill*, foundries. Uundrlc*. pap«r«
hansers. renters, painters. «ho« fa«tort«s,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «to.
' BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramaat* St
34
SEMI-CENTENNIAL OF THE ESTABLISHMENT
OF STATE GOVERNMENT AT SAN JOSE
GARDEN CITY IS GARBED IN
ATTRACTIVE JUBILEE COLORS
READY TO RE-ENACT
SCENES OF LONG AGO
Visitors Pou ing Into San Jose, and All
Preparations Have Been Made for
the Grand Festal Show,
SAN JOSH. Dec. I!>.--The last ■ finish- j
Ins touches wero put to the ar- i
r.ingcmints for the <;old<*n Jubilee ;
to-day, and the g-n«»ral committee- j
Mayor Martin, chairman, and A. P. I
Murg<»tten. >fcr<-'tHr> — ar<> resting I
:.nd watting to see th»* results of their t
labor*. Rj-dwood branches line the
Btreeta and fifty arc lights have been
plain d upon the gn-at tower. Vellnir ann •
b!u* have b4».>n us^d in decorating, an.l I
thf s* colon commingling create n pretty •
Bfj>ect. Tlie dlM>lay of bright holiday '
ri»«">ds In the stores also lends enchant
ment.
WELCOME IS EXTENDED
TO £LL.
The Plcnrer Society and the Native
Sons and I "aught, rs will lc.*ugurate op«n
houpe to-morrow, and during the entire
celebration will c xt.nd the glad hand and
r«lre*hm<»ntp t.» all callers. The Mayor
■will also r.-c«-l\o at his office.
The court houso I.ms l*-«-n trunformod In- I
to one grand reception hall. The ladles" ]
r-'Cepiion committee, headed by Mrs II
J». Murphy: will be In charge hero. An
V.rchrFtra will be pr«'s.-nt and light re-
Jrcrhments will Ik- served.
David \V. Noyes of Lawrence, Mass..
and Homo thirty <ith. r mrmbors of the
Now I'.n^land Society of Pioneer*, have'
orrived for ih*» celebration. Many vi?i- j
tors are arriving fr«m .-.11 directions and !
Immense crowd* are expected from San
Francisco and othf-r bay clttos to-morrow
and Thursday, which will be th» prinn.
pal day.
JUBILEE PROGRAMME.
The pr.pTanim»» In brief Is as follows:
Wednesday forenoon— Reception of visi
tors and the planting of agigantlc Fequola
r>*nr the *U» of the first State Capitol.
This will be followed by exercises at tha
representation of the first State Capitol
building.
WediiesJay afternoon— A reproduction
of the mooting of the first legislature In
the Auditorium. Epoxhos by Mayor Mar
tin and Prominent visitors.
GENERAL JOHN BIDWELL, SURVIVING MEMBER OF FIRST STATE
SENATE. j
Wednesday evening— Musical and liter
ary entertainment at Auditorium, por
traying early Collfonilajl topics.
Thursday morning-Grand strict par
ado. This will Include Miss Alma Cutter.
representing California, and her maids of
honor, and iifty-sc-ven young ladies, rep
resenting the various counties of the
State. The States of the Union will be.
represented by characters on horseback.
In the evening th«re will be another
musical and literary programme In the
Auditorium and a grand ball at the court
house.
Friday will be glv^n over to early Call
fornian sports and games, and Saturday
there will »»o trips to the Lick Observa
tory and Stanford University.
WILL IMPERSONATE THE
COUNTIES.
Thf* following young ladles have be»n
selected to represent various counties
in tho celebration: Alameda.MlFs Browne;
Alplno, Miss Mabel King; Contra Costa,
Miss Carmollta Martinez; Kern. Mies
Charlotte Williams; Ix>s Angeles. Miss
I'carl Elaine Gleason; ModOC, Miss Le
nora Cummings; Mono, Miss Cordelia
Hayes;; Monterey, Miss Julia Lrf»ese;
Napn. Miss Emma Palmer: Placer, Mi«ss
Clara . Wortell; Sacramento, Miss John
ston; San Francisco. Miss Myra Burnett:
Fan Luis Ohlspo. Mm. Dl li Stamford;
Far.ta Cruz. Miss May Baldwin: Solano
Miss Fran'lsco Vallejo; Sonoma, Miss
Eleanor Harazthjr. -
CELEBRATE IN
ROYAL MANNER
Thus Urges Mayor Martin,
Who Says There Is Open
House for fill.
BAM JOSE. Dec. 19.— Mayor Martin has
Issued the following greeting to the peo
ple of California:
The citizens of San Jose, assisted by the
Pioneers. Mexican War Veterans- and
■43ers. are entering upon the cehbration
TIIE 9AN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. "1899.
REPRESENTATION OF FIRST STATE CAPITOL ERECTED IN CITY HALL PARK
SAN JOSE.
of ttu ■ ■ • nla! of the Inaugura-
I lyoua
'lit" c>m<' and j<'in us in
•> . In the Jift>
■ losins California ha
• iir. •■ Wai !>•■-
Uev< d i ;. t . i leading poalOon In
nlon, with ■ • rops. Her
• ti have seen abundant ;i:.>i are
: •.lining sev.-ral mill:
.ry ;,\i-x ; , ' . •.
.< period of ad tnent, much of whu-h
• to the proaTCMlva labil
ity of the men who founded 1 1; • ■ Brst St;it.^
twernment. At no time ha« our people
in peril from the many eauaet that
have «rlsin in other Statfs, ;md tho event
sl.uuld be in v measure one Of thuilKSKiv
ing.
It Is fitting that San Jose should cele
brate the inauguration of statehood. Hero
the first State Capitol u.;i.- erected and
our first lawmakers met That those pio
neers acted wisely is evidenced by the
general prosperity the State has enjoyed
during its fifty years of statehood. The
celebration will be historical to an ex
tent, and the gathering of the old pio
neers will make it an epoch long to be
remembered. It will probably be the last
reunion of these argonauts and the na
tive sons and daughters. The features
of the parade will recall many of the early
scenes in the young life of the State.
The hospitality of the citizens of San
Jose is extended to all. and nothing will
be spared to make your visit pleasant.
The pioneers and native sons and daugh
ters •will keep open boose and receive you
with a glad hand.
Let us celebrate the past fifty years in
a royal manner and then start to work to
make the future half-century eclipse the
past. California Is yet In her swaddling
clothes. During the past two years oppor
tunities have come which were totally
unexpected. Our trade has extended
across the seas to Hawaii and the Philip
pine Islands, and California Is to be the
gateway of an Immense Western trade.
In the name of the citizens of San Jose
I again Invite you to come and participate
in our golden jubilee. A tine programme
of entertainment has been prepared, and
our citizens, aided by their wives and
daughters, the finest in the land, will bid
you welcome.
The past fifty years have. Indeed, been
golden ones for California. Yours In Joy
•ua welcome. C. J. MARTIN.
Mayor of Ban Jose and Chairman of Jubi
lee Committee.
SKETCHES CF /WEN FIRST
SENT TO WASHINGTON.
SENATORS.
John Charles Fremont, who was a
Georgian, -when 30 years of age explored
the then unknown region between the
Rocky Mountains and the Pacific Ocean.
He was accompanied by thirty-nine men.
Fremont took part In the conquest of
California. 1546-47. and was United States
Senator from California, ISSO-51. In
ISS3 he organized an expedition to
complete a previous exploration of a
route to California. He was the Re
publican candidate for the Presidency
In is.'.*., Federal commander of the west
ern department In IS6I, commanded at
Cross Keys In 1562; was Governor of
Arizona. IS7S-S2. On August 31. ISM. he is
eued a proclamation declaring he would
emancipate the slaves of tboM in arms
against the United States, though '.his
act was condemned by Lincoln as pre
mature and the proclamation was with
drawn. General mont, who acquired
the name. "The Pathfinder," died at New
York. July 13. lift}.
William McKendree Gwln was born In
Sumner County, Term., October 9. ISOS, and
died in New York City September .'!. IMS.
He was appointed by President Jackson
United States Marshal for the District of
Mississippi In IKB. In is*) he was elected
to Congress as a Democrat and became an
adherent of John C. Calhoun. He arrived
In California June 4. IMS. Gwin took an
netlve part in favor of the formation of a
State government and was elected to the
convention that was held in Monterey In
September. 1549. In the ensuing December
be was elected .pnltedJStates Senator for
FIRST STATE OFFICE RS
OF CALIFORNIA.
Governor —
Peter H. Burnett.
Lieutenant Governor —
John McDougall.
Secretary of State —
William Van Voorhies.
Treasurer —
Richard Roman.
Controller —
J. S. Houston.
Attorney General —
E. J. C. Kewen.
Surveyor General-
Charles J. Whiting.
Clerk of Supreme Court —
E. H. Tharp.
State Printer-
Henry H. Robinson.
Superintendent of Schools-
John G. Marvin.
Chief Justice Supreme Court —
S. C. Hastings.
First Associate Justice —
Henry A. Lyons.
Second Associate Justice —
Nathaniel Bennett.
the long term, with General Fremont as
his colleague. On his return from Wash
ington In ISSI the Legislature tendered
him the thanks of the State for his ser
vices. He secured the establishment of
a Mint in California, the survey of the
Pacific Coast, a navy-yard and station,
with large appropriations, and carried
through the senate a bill providing for a
line of steamers from San Francisco to
the Orient.
CONGRESSMEN.
Edward Gilbort was a member of Colonel
Stevenson's New York Regiment. He was
elected as a Representative from Califor
nia In the Thirt> -• Congress aft a Dem
ocrat, serving from September 11. IKB, to
March 3. IS6I. afterward returning to Cali
fornia and practiced law and later found
ed and became managing editor of the
dally Alta California, thus being the pio
neer of the dally press of California. Cer
tain editorial criticisms on the actions. of
the Governor of the State provoked a re
tort from General James W. Denver, then
Secretary of State of California, and a
challenge followed. A duel with rifles re
sulted, and Gilbert fell mortally wounded.
George W. Wright was born at Concord.
Mass. He was roared on a farm, but later
engaged in mercantile pursuits in Bos
ton and subsequently was connected with
the Boston Courier. He removed to Cali
fornia in 1M1« and located in San Fran
cisco. He was elected to Congress as a
Democrat, serving from September 11. I*so.
to March 3. ISSI. r
MEETING OF STATE'S FIRST
LEGISLATURE.
The Pesslon of the first LagfsUttm com
menced at San Joso on December 15, 1549.
When It opened the town could not ac
commodate the largely Increased popula
tion *o suddenly thrown upon It. and com
plaint wbb made by the m.mbers that all
the rooms. Instead of being reserved for
their use, ha) been rented to speculators.
and either held at hiph prices or hired to
lobbyists The St its Bouse, in which the
Assembly Bet, Wai a larpe adobe struc
ture on the ea.st side of what was then
Market square. The bulldlnp was sixty
Met lons, forty feet wide, two stories
hiph and adorm-d with a piazza In
front. The upper story contained but
one room. with a stairway leading
thereto. This room was occupied by
the Assembly. The lower story was
di\ided Into four room*. The largest one,
forty by twenty, was afterward ntted up
as a Senate chamber. Until the Senate
moved Into the Btat© House the sittings
!of that body -re held in the house of
I Isaac Bran ham.
The constitution adopted at Monterey
provided that at an election November 13
of the same year there should be elected
a Governor. Lieutenant Governor, mem
bers of the Legislature and two members
of Congress. All the State officers except
i member* of the Legislature were to take
J office December 15 following, or as soon
I thereafter as practicable, and their term
| was fixed at two years. Peter 11. Burnett,
j the first Governor, was elected as an In-
I dependent Democrat on November 13, and
was duly inaugurated at San Jose De
cember .''•.
The convention also provided for the
election of a Lieutenant Governor, mem
bers of the Legislature and tWO Con
| grepsmen. The Lieutenant Governor was
j then us low ex-ofllclo president of the
• Senate. The Secretary of State was as
provided by the constitution, appointed by
the Governor, with the advice and con
sent of the Senate. The constitution
; further provided that the Legislature
should at the Jlrst session elect a Treas
urer, to hold office for the same term as
the Governor (two years); and that there-
I after the office should be filled by elec
tion by the people. The constitution made
the same provision as to the Controller
Attorney General and Surveyor General.
It also provided for a Supreme Court to
consist of a Chief Justice and two Asso
ciate Justice*. The first United States
Senators were elected by the Legislature
in Joint session at San Jose on December
20, 1S«. They were John C. Fremont and
William M. Gwin. The two Congressmen
elected by the people on November 13
1849. were George Wright and Edward
Gilbert.
ORIGINAL LAWMAKERS OF
THE STATE.
SENATE.
W. R. Bassham, San Jose; Nathaniel
Bennett, San Francisco; John Bidwell.
! Sacramento; David C. Brodcrick, San
Francisco; E. K. Chamberlain, Los
, Angeles; C. O. Crosby, Sacramento;
Pablo de la Gucrra, Santa Barbara;
, David F. Douglass, San Joaquin dis
trict; W. D. Fair, San Joaquin district;
; Thomas J. Green, Sacramento; Elcan
Heydenfcldt, San Francisco; A. W.
Howe, Los Angeles; B. S. Lippincott,
; San Joaquin; G. B. Post, San Fran
| cisco; H. E. Robinson, Sacramento;
Jonas Spcct, Sonoma; Nelson Taylor,
San Joaquin ;.M. G. Vallejo, Sonoma;
Thomas L. Vermeule, San Joaquin; S.
E. Woodworth. Monterey.
ASSEMBLY.
Joseph Aram, San Jose; D. P. Bald
win. San Joaquin; E. B. Bateman, San
Joaquin; John Biglcr, Sacramento;
j John S. Bradford, Sonoma; J. E.
Brackett, Sonoma: Flam Brown, San
j Jose: H. C. Cardwell, Sacramento; John
Cave. San Joaquin: S. J. Clark, San
Francisco; P. B. Cornwall, Sacramento:
! Benjamin Cory, San Jose; J. M. Covar
rubias, Santa Barbara; C. M. Creaner,
San Joaquin; A. P. Crittenden, Los
Angeles; W. G. Deal, Sacramento:
W. B. Dickensen, Sacramento; J.
S. Gray, Monterey; R. \V. Heath, San
Joaquin; Thomas J. Henley, Sacra
mento; J. T. Hughes, San Diego;
Montgomery Martin. Los Angeles; E.
IW. McKinstry, Sacramento; B. F.
I Moore. San Joaquin; James C. Moorc
head. San Joaquin; I. S. K. Ogier. San
I Joaquin: Alexander Patton, San Fran
i cisco; T. R. Per Lee. Monterey; J.
! Scott, Santa Barbara; W. M. Shepherd,
San Joaquin; J. F. Stephens. San
Joaquin; J. Stewart. San Joaquin:
L. Stowell, San Francisco; Henry A.
Tefft. San Luis Obispo; George B.
Tingley, Sacramento; J. W. Van Ben
ichoten, San Joaquin: William Van
Voorhies, San Francisco: Madison
Walthall. Sacramento; John H. Wat
son, San Francisco: Alfred Wheeler,
San Francisco; Thomas J. White. Sac
ramento; John F. Williams. Sacra
jncnto; O. S. Withcrbce, San Diego.
OPENING TO-DAY OF THE
COMMEMORATIVE FESTIVITIES
- .lxAim^4»A • * ♦♦♦'♦♦•♦ *♦*<•>
STATE HISTORY MADE
IN A MEMORABLE YEAR
Meeting of First Constitutional Convention
and Inauguration of First Governor
THE issnunr- of a prorlamatli n on
June 3. IMO, hy ilrigt
Bennett RUey, Urn military
ernor of California, rafoninmuilm
tIM "formatli >n of -i State « • >ri-1. -
tmion «r ■ plan lot a Territorial
Rovorr.m.-nt." « BrM ofßei
looking 10 the f-stal.lishm.-nt «t a Statt-
government In California. The convention
was made to consist of thirty-seven dele
gates, and met at Cotton Hall. in Mon
terey, on September 1. Only ten of the
thirty-seven delegates provided for in the
proclamation were found to be present
and an adjournment was taken for two
days. The convention, with all the dele
gates present, organized on September 4
by the election of Robert Semi as pres
ident and William G. Mai as secretary.*
A few Inquiries were made as to whether
any proposition for a Territorial govern
ment should be entertained, but as it was
apparent that a few delegates from the
extreme southern part of the country only
favored this form of government, the sub
ject was dropped and it was decided that
the convention should proceed to form a
State constitution. A committee was ap
pointed to report the plan of a State con
stitution for the action of the convention.
ADOPTION OF THE FIRST
CONSTITUTION.
On the day following Its appointment
the committee reported a declaration of
rights, constating of sixteen sections. As
soon as tho report was made the conven
tion resolved it If Into a committee of
the whole and discussed the report, sec
tion by section. On September 11 the
declaration, then consisting of. twenty -one
sections, was approved and reported back
to the convention. Then followed .days of
debate, terminating In the adoption of the
first constitution.
On September 26 the question of the lo
cation of the seat of State government
came up on the consideration of the re
port of the committee on miscellaneous
provisions of the constitution. That com
mittee reported the following:
u"T. h^ first J cession of the Legislature
shall be held in the Pueblo de San Joae
which place shall be the permanent seat
of government until removed by law
provided, however, that two-thirds of all
the members elected to each house of the
legislature shall concur In the passage of
such a law."
Henry Hallcck, then Secretary of State
MRS. B. D. MURPHY. CHAIRMAN OF jJbIUEiT RECEPTION
COMMITTEE.
in 1849.
» under General Rlley and a member of the
convention from Monterey, offered ihe
following as a substitute:
"The first fsslon of the Legislature un
der this constitution shall be held at Mon
terey, and the subsequent sessions at th*
permanent seat of government, whlrh
shall be the Pueblo de San Jose, unless
otherwise directed by a majority of nil
the members elected to each house of th*
Legislature."  .■ -
SflN JOSE CHOSEN FOR
SEAT OF GOVERNMENT.
A lengthy debate followed, the delegates
from Monterey representing that they
were willing that the seat of government
should be changed to San Jose after tho
adjournment of the first Legislature. A
delegate from San Francisco moved to
amend tho substitute by striking out th»»
word "Monterey" and Inserting "San
Francisco." This motion was lost, as was
also a motion to strike out all after "San
Jo«e" In th»» substitute. The substitute
was then rejected by a vote of fifteen to
twenty-three, and the section providing
for the first session of the Legislature i<t
be held at San Jose was adopted, becom
ing a part of the State constitution. Tho
vote on this was twenty-three to four
teen. San Jose thus became the tint
State capital.
THE PRESENT STfJTE SEfJL
ADOPTED.
A committee had been appointed to re
ceive propositions and designs for a State
seal, but only one. that which Is In use
to-day, was offered and adopted. Robert
S. Garnet was the designer.
The convention devoted considerable
tin.-- to the discussion of various othT
matter*, and rinding Its labors about
completed ordered a copy of tho consti
tution to be transmitted to General Htley,
with a request that he should forwnrd It
at the rarllest opportunity to the Presi
dent of the United States. Shortly after
ward the president of the convention an
nounced that he had received official no
tice from General RUey that a national
salute would be tired by his order on th.»
signing of the instrument. On Saturday.
October 13. the delegates, after signing an
address to the people, signed the enrollrl
constitution, when the guns outsid.* an
nounced the glad tidings, after which th
conventlon adjourned sine die.CHOKED AND
ROBBED OF HER
LITTLE SAVINGS
Then Miss F. Ander
son Took Poison.
HER ASSAILANTS AT LARGE
J HAYNES ANDR. McCORD ARE
WAJJTED BY THE POLICE.
Officers Joy and Wilson are vainly seek
ing for Robert McCord und John Haynes,
two habitues of the tenderloin. The mis
l.inaoftha law have been ordered by Cap
tain \\iltman I ling in^young xneiTat
k . hazzards, as they are accused of chok-
Jr.c and robbing a young woman named
Kannle Anderson, who lives In the Parker :
House, at 1122 Market street. Miss Ander
knn. or the is bettor known. Myrtle Hen
drrfon. Is the complaining witness. She
1* the young woman who, on Sunday
morning last, attempted suicide by Fwal
luwlng laudanum. Her rash act was the
<3ireet result of the robbery, and that Is
*hy the police are so anxious to appre
li«:>d the men who committed the crime.
Miss Anderson Mated last night that bhe
*«* alone, in her room on Sunday morn
ir.g when Hnynes and McCord forced their
way into htr present r and demanded
money to continue their debauch. She
i-.iM hhe dtvlined their requests and or
tlrred them from" her apartments. Both
men. became abusive and refused to retire,
and when Miss Anderson called for help
Haynes rushed forward and proceeded to
choke her. During her struggles for free
dom her pupc. containing $40. dropped
Horn her pocket. Haynes picked it up
njid handed it to McCord. who immedl
i»iHy left- Htr cries aroused the entire
lodging house, and when the people
rushed into the room Haynes brazenly In
formed them that h<* hi»<i Just paved Miss
Anderson from the clutches of a thief. He
then clipped out, huvtiiK his overcoat be
hind him.
Mips Anders*. n was so discouraged by
lirr ill-treatment that slie went to an ad-
Joining apartment ami swallowed tho con
tent* of a l>ottl<* of l&udonum. Her cries
cit pain brought assistance and she was
hurriedly pent to the Receiving Hospital
for treatment. Her escape from death
was a close one. a* the doctors it the hos
pital labored ovr r an hour before *h« was
placed out of danger. She gave her name
C 5 H«nrtor?on to Hospital Steward Davis.
Miss Henderson was conrtned to her
apartment? for three drays, suffering
creAly Irum ihc shock und tho poison.
H«r face was badly burned by the liquid
and hrr neck Mill • .us the Imprints of !
her assailant's finger*.
Miss Anderson intends prosecuting both i
ilayne* and Mc<\>r<l and will n^t be happy I
UT.tll she seoun « them a term In prison. 1
Both men are n>>w in hiding from the po- j
lice, but will be eventually captured.
Leather Goods
Pocket Books
Purses, Etc.
All sorts of leather goods for children, young
people, men and women.
Purchased in Paris by our special buyer — shipped
direct to us by way of Panama — little freight, little
profit — little prices.
Coin Purser Genuine alligator pocket book
Men's black Morocco leather and card case; two open apart-
coin pun.es- most convenient men ' s ' one c!oiC tor coin —
size, ball clasp, two apart- patent clasp 5©C
ments, steel frame riveted 25c Same as above, but better
Same in chamois skin 35c finssh 75 C
Larger size, same style. -- ' The best boo!; we have is
nnish, 65 cents and S OC mad c , of genuine allga'or
. , leather, elcgantlv finished; con-
Women, com purses, seal ujns , oar:ment , _ dif.
leather; nickeled steel trim- f crcnt sizes $5
minp?; ball clasp, two apart- J
ments; chamois finish inside; The ■« size and kind except
high as $1.25, low as 60: in seal leather £2.75
Men's pa'ent folding purse i\
madr trom light but s>'t ung Mo- - •
rocco. By pec tig T*£"^' r ?**V' ' ■>' 'i
this pursr closes itself and ' ■
kcrps money jecure; no metal 25c E^^|^ *i\\
Combination Letter L^^ * ' '■
and Bill Hook V _ :
Imi'a'ion ical leather bonk; fe^^S^^K^^^gy
ea inches long, four inches '
•nade right size to *'- v <" iHtt&BM^UB
imide coat pocket; rwc .apart- Children's Chatelaines
legit 1, one covered with flap ccx" , , , . ...
. ' In red, blue and genuine alii-
Alligator leather-same size, gator leather, wi'h brass and
wcU finished, two apartments 25c nickc] chains whh hook lo hang
Card Cases, Etc. to belt ioc
Men's Traveling Case
J^^^^^^^^^d Handsome case in soft, stout
I '^Hfa^ ■ .*- leather about seven inches
"*" '^v 1^^» ! * square; has patent clasp, nickel
\ j r- plated; contains two mibtary
fc^-J *v, ' ' v ,°\"*^r^ brushes, comb and mirror.
This is a useful present for a
_ •■-... . , , . man, as it always comes in
Women s card case ana pocket hand when travclin -
book. Plain black leather, : * P5
metal corners; large apartment Cigar Cases
for cards; patent clasp on coin They fit the coat pocket and
apartment 2 5 C , hold' from eight to ten cigars.
Imitation alligator pocket book . A large assortment in many
and card case; a double frame styles from $5 down to 50c
— one under each flap, con- Necessaries
raining two apartments, four INCCeSSanes
in all. Steel riveted frame, Vest pocket cases contains
patent clasp; for cards and small comb, mirror, button-
coin 75c hook, nail cleaner, $1.25 to 25c
Free delivery to railroad points \vi:h;n
100 miles on orders of $S-°° or up
lp| The Owl Drug Co ML
iThc Owl Drug Co la
M£~#L-^ 1 1 28 Market St., San Francisco ipSl^
J[jrM&3 Broadway & i oth St., Oakland M_MyMp
NATIVE HEMP TO
BE PLANTED ON
RYERS ISLAND
Three Hundred Acres
for a Start.
INDUSTRY THAT LOOKS WELL
OTHER PLANTATIONS LIKELY
TO BE MADE.
P. Ettlinger and J. H. Thomas of this
city are about to engage In the culture of
hemp on v large scale upon Ryers Island,
In Solano County, opposite Rio Vista.
A tract of 300 acres has been prepared for
seeding and Mr. Ettlinger is looking for
the necessary Hefd. Thin he will probably
procuro in Gridley, Uutte County, where
hemp has been grown for a number of
years. Mr. Ettlinger made tho facts
known yesterday and also talked about
tho prospect for cultivating California
hemp. Ho said that he had been in Grid
ley and had Men the hemp growing some
time ago. Ho had been informed that the
misers of hemp in Butto County were
rolling their product In the raw state to
Eastern people and that they were able
to sell all that they -.<!. This fact
made him of the opinion that the hemp
was of a good commercial quality. ills
first planting will be experimental, so far
as the commercial aspect of the case Is
concerned.
There was no question that hemp would
grow, he bald, in almost any part ol the
State where there Is bottom land. The
*otl at Gridley In of that sort. Such also,
is the soil at Ryers Island. Some hemp
ha* t»«:i grown by Mr. ESttllnger and the
product, having been exhibited, was de
clared to be equal to anything raised in
Rutte County. This additional fact has
led Mr. Ettlinger to think that the
chances of failure are very small.
One question was whether the. manufac
turers of California hemp could compete
in prico with those of the East. Accord
ing to advices the machinery to work up
the. fiber was not very complicated. Cali
fornia hemp had recently b«on made into
twine, bags, portieres and even a suit of
clothes. The last-named manufacture
was worn away out of the State by W. J
J. Cunningham of S,U~m. Ore., who ex
perimented with the Jute machinery at
an Quentin Prison to see what he could
do with the home-grown hemp and also
with home-grown flax. Mr. Cunningham's '
conclusion was. after experimenting, that
there was nothing the matter with either
California hemn or California flax. In
deed, he pronounced the hemp superior to
the hemp of Oregon, and mid that there
whs no better grown anywhere. Mr. Cun
ningham was an expert and what he had
said was mother reason for confidence.
Cunningham came down from Oregon at
the request of Mr. Heaney of Qiidley to
manage the hemp plantation on 11 "army's
ranch.
After the hemp crop had been harvested
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, , WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1899.
POLICE OFFICER DINAN
SEES A CHINESE GHOST
' f =^ ARLT yesterday morning Pa-
EARLY yesterday morning Pa
trolman \V. K. I>inan saw a
I f real, live ghost in Chinatown.
It was that of Gee Hop Sing; a
Chinese shrimp-picker. Perched on the
shoulders of Sup Gee. It was out in its
winding sheet for a last airing before
molting Its mortal casing. It was 2
o'clock Olid through the dark alleys of
Chinatown the wintry wind As whist
ling dolefully. Mournful clouds were
drifting over the face of the storm
ringed moon and the chill of the tomb
was in the air. The ghost of Gee Hop
Sing would not have been respectable
had It not shivered. It did, and so vio
lently that the policeman Immediately
came to the conclusion that animated
burglar tools were being paraded on
his beat.
Th»» ghost of Gee Hop first dawned
on the vision of Dtnan as that limb . f
the white man's law was exercising
himself on Washington street, near
Stockton. All was so still that even
Sergeant Thomas Samuel Duke might
have heard a hundred players draw-
Ing corks In' a certain Jackson-street
lottery. Not a soul was In sight.
Chinatown appeared to bo "hitting the
pillow."
Suddenly out from one of the low
doorways on Washington street Issued
the figure of a man staggering under a
burden. Dlnan became all eyes. Tip
toeing after, he made out through the
fog a shorted something astride, the
shoulders of the hurrying quarry.
The sheeted something was the
ghost of Gee Hop Sing, still clinging
to the consumption-wasted frame of
the shrimp-picker. The damps of death
were fast freezing it off the earth.
For day* the friends of Gee Hop ha.l
gathered around his bedside, shaking
their heads and going through panto
mime indicative of their belief that
their consumptive comrade was due to
cast his nets In the shrlmp-plcklng
grounds en the beautiful shore. They
kept vigil unerasing until the . fatal
hour arrived, when they dispatched a
messenger for Ah Goon, the under
taker of their tong.
It is ono of the superstitions of
Cunningham wished to ace what could be
done. He first applied to parties In Oak
land to give him a chance to experi
ment In manufacturing. He was not suc
cessful In enllstlnpr co-operation In Oak
land and ho then made application to the
State Board of Trade, asking that lnllu
enc© mlcht be exerted to have th* Juto
machinery at the San Quentln Prison put
to work on five bales of California h«»mp
and four bales of California flax. This
brought about the desired trial and about
one and one-half tons of raw material was
worked up.
Messrs. Ettllnr^r and Thomas will look
about for machinery. There Is some In
I this city that might possibly bo used.
! Mr. Ettllnger said that he had not yet
! seen It. He and his associates would plant
! In June. The crop will ripen In August.
The State annually imports about 800
tons of hemp twine. Fully 300 tons go Into
the Bewing of bags for California prod
ucts. California Is probably the. largest
consumer of twine of any State In the
Union. The railroad rates upon the raw
product, eoHtbound. and upon the twine
manufactured In the East, westbound,
may afford sufficient protection to make
the homo enterprise of manufacturing
California twine out of California hemp
profitable. The sane also applies to flax.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Traveling sots, valises, bags, pocket- I
"books, bill books and card cases are Die •
presents for either lady or gentleman.
Lettered In gold free of charge when
bought from Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. • 1
JAMES J. FLYNN IS
CALLED BY DEATH
BY PNI-UMOMA EARLY YESTKRD.W MORNING.
JAMES J. KI.YNN, ex-County Clork. ex-Assemblyman and a -well known
figure for twenty years past In local politics, died early yesterday morn
ing of pneumonia at the home of his parents at 3927 Twenty-fifth street.
Death came unexpectedly. Mr. Flynn was taken ill on Saturday night
last with a severe cold, which developed rapidly Into pneumonia, although
not of a serious type. On the night of his death he appeared to be resting
easily up to within a few minutes of his demise, when he began to sink rap-
Idly and pawed away without pain. All of the members of his family were at
his bedside.
Mr. Flynn began his political career In the late seventies. He was a stu
dent of Denis Kearney and rose rapidly In. popular favor. It was he who
saved Charles do Young from a possible lynching at the time of the Kalloch-
De Young troubles in this city. In ISSO he occupied the post of chief deputy
under Sheriff Desmond, and in ISS2 was elected to the Assembly, in which
body he served two. terms. In !M5 he was elected County Clerk by a large
majority over Louis N. Jacobs, and before the expiration of his term was be
lag prominently mentioned for Congress. At that time he was the protege of
James V. Coleman and other millionaires of the day and was very popular.
Since then he has acted as chief deputy under Assessor Nealon and as pur
chasing agent of the Board of Harbor Commissioners and has filled numer
ous other positions of trust with high credit to himself. ,
Mr. Flynn leaves one daughter, his parents and live married sisters. He
was a charter member of Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W.. and a member of the
Iroquois Club and the Order of Eagles. raKM
Chinatown that it Is bad luck to have
a death in a dwelling house. To ob
viate such visitations "Chambers of
Tranquillity" were added to the Mon
golian undertaking establishments. To
such "Chambers of Tranquillity" the
dying are borne to yield the ghost.
Following out the custom. Ah Goon
dispatched Sup Gee to bring the rapid
ly dying Gee Hop to his Chamber of
Tranquillity. Sup Gee, who is an ex
pressman, did not feel like hitching up
his horse at that hour of the morning,
and on tlndlng that the frame of Gee
Hop had wasted to skin and bone, re
solved to carry the dying man on h : 8
shoulders. He wrapped the body In a
sheet and was on his wav to An
Goon's Chamber of Tranquillity when
spied by Dlnan.
The policeman followed stealthily
after Sup Gee and his burden, tiptoe
ing down to Dupont street, out Dupont
to Pacific and around the corner 10
741 Pacific. where Ah Goon's shop Is
located. Entering almost "immediately
after his man. lie found Sup Gee and
the sleepy Ah Goon bending over the
body. Under the circumstajices Dlnan
had every reason to believe a foul
crime had been committed, and he
made an examination." which, while It
convinced him that Gee Hop was dead,
failed to reveal any marks of murder'
Concluding, nevertheless, that It was
a case worthy of deeper Inquiry, ha
arrested Sup Gee and Ah Goon, charg
ing the one with removing a corpHa
without a permit, the other with re
ceiving -he same without a ditto.
Before Police Judge Graham yester
day the Chinese complicated matters
by testifying that Gee Hop was not
a corpse when ho was removed and
that he breathed his last only after
DARING THIEF IS
CAPTURED BY POLICE
William Brooks Taken Into Custody
After Assaulting His
Pursuer.
William Brooks, a young thief well
known to the police, was arrested last
nlpht by Policeman Sam Roy-ton and
charged at the City Prison with petty
larceny and battery. The prisoner and an
accomplice made a daring attempt to rob
Michalltschke'B cigar store at 410 Market
street, but were frustrated by a bystander
named F. W. Walraven, who Jives at th©
Winchester House.
Brooks' accomplice entered the cigar
store and engaged the clerk In conversa
tion. Brooks then slipped in and grabbed
up a heavy tin of tobacco and ran up the
street. Walraven saw the action and pur
sued the thief, who. seeing himself pur
sued, waited for Walraven, and as the lat
ter attempted to grab him Brooks struck
him in th* face, knocking him to the side
walk. The thief was about to continue
his ilight when Royston grabbed him and
took him Into custody. The accomplice
escaped during the excitement.
George W. Carter Dead.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec 19.— Oorge W.
Carter. Marshal of Kern City, died to-day,
after a brief Illness. He was one of the
oldest engineers on the Southern Pacific
I system.
he had been received into Ah Ooon's
Chamber of Tranquillity. As that con
dition would have knoc ked the police
man's cases higher than ;i cocked hat,
the court asked him concerning: the
condition of Gee Hop when he exam
ined the body.
"He wat as dead as a mackerel.
your Honor," sai4 Dinan.
"That settles it." repllpd Judsre Gra
ham. -'I find the defendants guilty ;is
charged and will sentence them t< -
morrow."
And so another ghost was laid, pe
culiar only in this that, true to the
Chinese bjrstem of contrariness, :t
rode, whll" the Melican ghost can do
no better than walk.
PENNSYLVANIA
ALSO REQUIRES
STONE FOR DOCK
Support Will Assist
California.
LEAGUE ISLAND WAS A LESSON
The San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce and the San Francisco Board of
Trade will have strong allies in the East
to inlluence the Government to build stone
docks for naval use in preference to tim
ber docks. The people of Pennsylvania
strongly favor the construction of a stone
dock at League Island. The appropria
tion is for a timber dock. There win be
an attempt to have the law changed to
fit the necessity. The sume is true us con
cerns the dock at Mare Island. Senator
Perkins has already introduced a bill to
have a stone dock substituted for the pro
posed timber structure. The Pennsylva
nia's have had experience with a timber
dock and know whereof they speak. A
timber dock was constructed at League
Island in IBU. In eight years the repair*
on that structure have cost f7MKOL This
is at the rate of over |MM) per annum.
This object lesson has had its lull ef
lect. The Pennsylvania delegation in
Congress is unanimously in favor of *
stone dock, The newspapers of Pennsyl
vania are strongly advocating stone, At
tention has been called to i.i>- tact that
the drydccKs to be constructed at Boston
and at Portsmouth will be of masonry,
'i hero are aetalls concerning the timber
cocks at fseveial navy yarus that rein
' ■■■ the observations 01 the Pennsylva
nlam concerning the durability 01 wood,
borne of theiie are to bo touna in the re
port of Hoar Admiral Bndicott, chief of
uocks and wnarves, and some are derived
from other ofitcial sources.
Six stone docks in a period of 179 years
have cost J'.'iis ■«, for repairs, while seven
Umber docks In a period of thirty years
have absorbed the considerable sum of
$4£!,:!42 O*J. The average cost of a stone
docK for repairs per annum Is 537. The
cost of a timber dock's repairs is over
$12,000 per annum. Figures are furnished
In detail for Instruction and for verifica
tion as follows: The masonry dock at
Boston was built in 1833. It has cost
13821 IT in sixty-six years, an average an
nual cost of less than $.'iS. The masonry
dock at Norfolk was built in 1534 and has
cost for repairs in sixty-five years the
sum of $9SI '.'■.', or less than $14 per annum.
The masonry dock at the Brooklyn Navy
Yard was built in I>.M and has cost $1815
for repairs in forty-eight years, or less
than &iS per annum.
The timber docks have made a differ
ent showing. The first was built at Nor
folk in 1889 and has cost for repairs $53,
043 34, or over ISSN per annum. Then
come the two timber docks built at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard in 1890. Inside of
ten years they have cost $302,342 14. That
Is at the rate of more than $16,800 a year
for repairs.
The reasons set forth by the Chamber
of Commerce and the Board of Trade of
San Francisco for urging the California
Congressional delegation to work for th*
■tone docks are epitomized below, for
they present the general considerations In
the matter completely: "Concrete and
stone are superior to wood for strength,
durability, safety and cost of mainte
nance. Changed relations with the great
countries lying on the west coast of the
Pacific will make the Mare Island dock
one of the most Important in the United
States. The Pacific Coast of the United
States should have every facility with
which to encourage, protect and foster
trade. The docks, equipment and plant
provided for the construction and main
tenance of our navy should be of the most
enduring and substantial and complete
character, to be in accord with the com
mercial importance of this coast."
Chinese Concert.
A musical and literary entertainment
was given last night for the benefit of the
Gibson Rescue Home at 916 Washington
street. The programme consisted of many
numbers by the Chinese members of the
society, among which w^-re a piano solo
by Miss Locke Kirn. songs by the children
o*f the school, piano duet by Ah So and
Wong Ah Kam and selections by tho
quartet. Miss Marguerite Lake had
charge of the mission girls of the society.
Selling depot for Waterman fountain
and other gold pens. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
TEE EMPOEJTTM. I THE EMPORIUM.
■99 9. 9. 9.9.9 9 9. 9 9 9 .9. 9 9 9. 9 999 9 V r 999999**9999 '999999 V* * 9 V9VV I
i Extra Furniture Specials \
: For To-Day (Wednesday) Only. '•
I Useful Christmas Gifts, any one of these — lasting :
; remembrances of the giver that will be prized ]
; for years. \
• Cobbler-Seat Rockers— Golden oak. large and roomy, fancy spindle*. '
\ high back and arms, regularly $3.2s— special to-day only .". &2.06 •
' Ladles' Ml' OW Rockers Comfortable, ornamental, strong and durable. 1
; regularly $3.50- special to-day only $2.75 •
i Ladies' Dressing Table- Mahogany finish, piano polish, nicely carved, '.
I fitted with large bevel plate French mirror, regularly $14— special to-day •
t only $11.23 <
[ Gentleman's Homo Roll-Top Desk— With large oval French plate ■
I mirror .beveled', plenty of drawer room and convenient pigeon-hole arrange- ]
I ment, made of fine oak in the golden finish, regularly ?21.;» — special to-day '.
{ only : $13.25 i
1 Booh Case- Golden oak or mahogany finish, nicely carved and ornamented, 2 .
[ glass doors, adjustable shelves, roomy compartment on top. regularly $27.50 — «
It— — fipeetal to-day only $22.25 -'■
\ China OIOSOt Golden oak, bent glass front, adjustable shelves, French plate •
» mirror on top, regularly $2250— special to-day only $19. 00 ]
i Combination Book Case and Dos k— Mahogany or golden oak. •
I swelled front, several convenient shelves for ornaments, etc., plenty of desk and |
,* book room, regularly $45— special to-day only $39*25 1
P|E EMPORIIJU
Golden ffcule Baiaar. m
| CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST. STORE
EXCAVATED THE
CELLAR BUT THE
WILL WAS GONE
Lawyers and Heirs
Wield the Pick.
FENNELL ESTATE MYSTERY
♦ —
LETTERS OF ADMINISTRATION
HAVE BEEN GRANTED.
"While the candles flickered and dripped I
quarrymen wrenched the underpinning
from beneath the cottago of the late Mrs.
Winifred Finn. 11, 411 Fair Oaks street.
on Monday night in a vain search for a
last will and testament heirs allege she
left directing the disposition of her prop
erty. Monday afternoon A. Ruef, attor
ney for the J'ublli; Administrator, entered
Judge CoffejT*! court on business. Judge
Coftey was engaged in an attempt to ef
fect a compromise of the various claims
of relatives of Mrs. Fennell, who claim
that the decedent's husband, William
1- ••nil' 11, has made away with the will, but
on observing Mr. Ruef the- court said
that in his opinion It would bo a good idea
to appoint the Public Administrator spe
cial administrator of the estate during
tho pendency of the present litigation.
Mr. Ruef promptly accepted the offer and
conferred with counsel representing the
various claimants with the result that an
order as made appointing the Public ;
Administrator special administrator of
the estate, notwithstanding the surprise
of Judge Coffey, occasioned by the fact
that his "spark of humor had been quick
ly fanned to a living flame by Mr. Ruef."
Immediately following the completion of |
the order appointing the Public Adminis
trator, Mr. Ruef, after considering the
allegations made by Mrs. Elliott, a sister
of the deceased, that a will was in exist
ence, Invited all interested parties to ac
company him In an inspection of the
premises lately occupied by the deceased
for the purpose of discovering the will if
one existed. Emil Pohli. who represents
Mr. Pennell: Attorney Shelton, counsel
for Mrs. Elliott. Mr. Ruef and all of the
claimants met shortly after 5 o'clock Mon
day evening and proceeded to the Fen-
Dell residence. All of the attorneys, on
arriving at the premise?. Immediately be
gan the search, the curiosity of the ladles
in the crowd being thoroughly gratified
as they delved Into trunks, valises and
wardrobes.
As the will was not forthcoming Mr.
Elliott, husband of decedent's sister, who
claims that she was named as a devisee
in the missing will, insisted. that the base
ment of the house be searched for the
document. As the "basement" is about
three feet from ground to roof, candles
were procured, as well as picks, shove's
and dirt removers. Mr. Elliott and a
lrlend, whom he addressed as "Pat."
crawled under the basement, and. closely
followed by Mr. Ruef, began Investiga
tions. "Pat" finally convinced himself
that he had found the burial place of the
missing document, and after obtaining
Elliott's concurrence began to sink on the
prospect. An occasional fragment of pa
per added to the excitement of the inves
tigation, and every spur, dip and angle
was closely followed by the excavators.
After they had worked out this hole both '
wlelders of the pick discovered that they
were wringing with perspiration, and Mr.
Ruef discovered that he was the vlctlnr. of
a cramp, the result of long confinement
In the three-foot basement.
Mr. Ruff withdrew and Mr Pohll took
his place as guardsman. Elliott and "Pat"
had calculated by this lime that the will
was burled over in another corner. Both
wormed their way to said corner, again
opened excavations and. although the
house showed signs of collapsing for lack ,
of underpinning. they kept up their
work. After having laid out trenches of
sufficient magnitude to hold a division •■( !
the Boer army Elliott and "Pat" retired
from the basement and after a vigorous
consultation decided that the will was In
the woodshed. Consequently the con-
nts of the woodshed were carried to the
exterior, but investigation failed to pro
duce the document.
Then Mr. Elliott decided that as Mrs.
Fennell has many favorite flowers it wns
very likely that she had wrapped the doc
ument In oilcloth and deposited it at the- i
roots of some favorite. As it was 8 o'clock
at night by this time and the candles had \
dwindled low. Mr. Ruef refused to re
main longer and for the time the search
was called off. Yesterday morning, how
ever, an attache of the Public Adminis
trator's office visited the K«nn«»ii home
stead and with the assistance of counsel
plowed up the front yard and uprooted the
Bowers, but the will Is still missing. This
fact will be reported to me court a*. Ihe
next hearing. In the meantime, however,
the Public Administrator will labor be
neath the authority conferred by sp?«:i:il
letters of administration upon the estate
of tho <!>••. a-. and, as there Is nothing
left to excavate, excavations beneath th«
decedent's former home will doubtless be
abandoned and the will numbered among
the mysterious disappears
Will Play for Charity.
WOODLAND. Dec. 19.— One of the most
notable events on the holiday society cal
endar will occur on Wednesday evening.
A . number of society ladles will give a
drama for the benefit of the Christian
church. The cast will tv made up of
Mrs. Echo Meneze. Mimtm Ethel Clarke.
May Harlan-Brown. Mary Browning,
Jane Morris. Mary Shannon. Zora Brown-
Ing, Victorlne Browning. Laura Craig.
Velma Howard, Nellie Bullock. Bertha
Huston. Cora Porter, Abbie Eakle. Allta
Wntkins and Dolly Holloway.
The opera-house has been engaged, and
enough tickets have been sold to fill the
house.
Chapter Officers Elected.
The following named wor*> flirted Monday
night as the officers for the ensuing urn
for San Francisco Chapter No. 1 of th*
Royal Arrh Masons: Judgo J. M. Troutt
most eminent high priest: Charles W.
Taber. king: B. N. Rowley, scribe Ben
jamin Harris, treasurer, and H. G. Prln<e
secretary. The time for the Installation
some time next month, will be announced
later
LABOR OPPOSES A
WAR OF CONQUEST
Action of Committee on
Compers' Report.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
DETROIT. Per. l? -The significant f»a«
tors of thf> eighth day of the Federation
of Labor Convention waa a stand taken
this afternoon In regard to all wars of
conquest. The delet-.i- '-ntatlv© of
probably 1,.'j00,000 m< mbers of labor unions,
\of-.i unanimously m.it nuch war a,
"whether waged in Africa, the Phlllr
or • !*< wh< n. ' |ieallj> snflsnuir th.
tie* of the eotMi rho dec
laration closed wltti v r. it", ration of sen
timents previously adopted In another^
form, "that we are opposed to any »n
ndlnß army of the l'nlt»-ri
BtStei ■• rs and it I :
:.':»1 of th»
eration was dire. t. 1 ti> MM SJVSjffJ mean*
to carry out these Mt-ntiments.
This and other • | •'.■>j.% «fn
brought Up x of tho report
from the committee on 1
pcn 1 report Nearly all th»^ secttMs of
that document 9
that
trusts are to be considered a natural out
•f commercial competition, vliv
the only r» , n which
Ised labor can meet and
evils Is in v natural way. rt Sd
.isklng t<n
ing the ti -.ting th*t
they .-hall not have cntrol of •
in. Dial machinery of city and Stat
iment to this portion of the r
■I by the convention, a
the trades-unions and workingm>n g
ally to Btudy th.' development of tru.«ti
and monopolies with a View to n.tflonailz
lng them. Ah to President < Jumpers' ex
; >ns upon "our new : .3 an<l
militarism." the committee dfplorM "th^
ever-spreading encroachments belns mad*
upon civil and religious liberties." w>
regarded "us a step bai kw ir.l In tl
lutlon of freedom, which la frauich
great danger."
The committee stated that where tho
Porto Rjcans and Filipinos are. deprived of
their right of self-government freed. . m la
■.a danger. Lovers of p
Industrial liberty wer* urged to unite in
defense of such Inalienable rights Th^
~h In authority
concerning forcible .
for the alleg.d purp.
m.T.-ti.l irr
vnrAim ff>r subjugation of the Inhabit
I be convention adopted unanlmou
committee's resolution declaring against
The convention voted to raise the salary
of the pre.,i.ient fr,, m SUN t .. UVn) ..
the secretary from Jl.
Fraternal Elections.
San Francisco Council of the Order of
Americus last Monday elected th* follow
ing named as Its offlcere for the ensuing
term: I. Danzlger, president; J. Goodman
vice president; A. A. Russell, chaplain;
Dr. I. \\. Pratt, senior warden; A Mc-
Kenzie Junior warden: O. F. Hunt, guldn-
E. A. Smith, sentinel, Charles j! Ktnjr'
recording secretary; L. 11. Lord: flnanrl.ii
secretary; Dr. W. A. Atwood. treasurer-
N. Rose, V,. C. H.,- ii< and I. Danzlc^r
trustees. Dr. W. C. Hassler becomes tha
Junior past president.
Redwood Circle of the "Women of Wood
craft has elect...) the following named as
its officers for tho ensuing term: Viola
Danlell. past guardian neighbor; 1., a
Kaabe. guardian neighbor: M. Wilder, ad
viser: E. F. Blanpy. banker ( re-elected » ;
Jennie Clark, clerk (re-elected): A. X
Richardson, magician; E. C. Ahlstrom. In
ner sentinel; Thomas F. Hatton. outer
sentinel: E. a. Newman, musician: M
Wehr and E. I>. Johnson, managers.
STOP DRUGGING I
•** 4
If you have dru»f»;*»fl till you are sick of
dniKKlnK and It haa failed to brine bene-
fit, stop It. Try Electricity, which is a
natural cure. My system of electrical
treatment Is th»- outgrowth of twenty
years of study. It Is a success. The
Dr, MGLaughlin Method
Is recognized by physicians as the most
common-senso method of applying Elec-
tricity. You wear my Belt while you
sleep. You feel It curinp. but ft does not
disturb your rest.
Call and test It free, or send for my new
booklet describing the method.
Dr, M. A. McLaughlin
702 Market St.. cor.Kearny. 8. F.:
Durdlck Block, cor. Spring- and a»con 1
Bta., Los Anseles.
Office Hours— s a. m. to I.JO p. m. ;
Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLO I.i
DRUG STORES.
IA/. T. HESS,
* WOTABY POdLl'J A5O ATTOB.tET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Rocm lOli Claus Sprcckela Bide.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, HI California at., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
m mTi inn <U»ease« cured or a.
.! . , j j It' di»»aae« cur«d or no
U U IU L pay. No i.t«itioa
mil I 3I M I from »»ualn»as. Dlta.
■ Ill] 11111! MANSFIELD * FOR.
IllS I I W I »i— TERFIELD. «H Mar*
Vet at.. San Fraaciaco.
56
Sift? v&^jjj^ggU
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 20. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addresi All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
ri'IILICATIO.V OFFICE.' ..Market and Third. 5. F.
Trlrphonn Mala ISGS.
I.NITORIiI. ROOM* 217 to 221 Stevenaoa St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Mnjld Copies, ft (eats.
I>rnia b> Mall. Including I'oatacn
D4ILI ("AM, . inrlnrilng Sandn?). one jenr..?n.OO
DAII.V CALK < in. lii.iimk Sunday). «i month*.. 3.00 :
DAILY CALL. . lit. ludlnK >unda> i, 8 naontba. . 1..M»
DULY CALL — Hjr Single Month <Wo
M M>AV « ALL One Yenr I.CO
\\i:i:KLY CALL One Year 1.00
All p<i«im«Mrr« are authorised to receive
(oliirrlpllon*.
•ample cople« vtlll be forwarded when requeated
OAKLAND OFFICn 80S Broadway
C CnOUCF. KROGVCS9,
Manager I'oreluu Ad vertlitlntr. Marqaette Bulld
itiK, ( Itl.MKo.
SHW YOHIC « oil Ki:«PO\nE\Ti
C C CAM ION Herald Square
M w linn. DBPRESEXTATTTBi
PCnnv llliMs Jit m Trlbnne Ilnlldlncr
CHICAGO M:\VS stands i
-man linages IV O. Kern < o.i Great \ortk
rrn Hotel) Frruiunl Honi>ei Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK M\\ BTAKDSI
Waldorf- Hotel 1 A. Drentano, 31 Calon
I|MII| "*! «i i M Hill Hotel.
\VASHI\CTOV fD. C> OFK!Cn..\VelHnrton Hotel
J. K. ENGLISH. Corrrnpondent.
UnAXCH OFFICES — T. 27 Montcoraerr «treet. eor
ii«-r < la>. open until ot3o o'rlook. :;OO llhim
• trert. open nntll l>::to o'clock. «3l> McAlllater
• trert. open until :• ■:■■! o'clock. <i;r. l.arkln
• treet. open nntll »tr.O o'clock. |MI Ml<««lon
»it.-i. open until M o'clock. MSI Market
•trert. corner SlKrentb. open nntll 0 o'clock.
1090 Vnlcncln street, open nntll l» o'clock.
J|M| Eleventh street, open until t» o'clock.
>^V. corner T«rrtj.«rrniid and Kentnckr
fctreetn. npi-D nntll • o'clock.
AHUSF.MTNTS.
Orrhrttm— Varjfleri]!e.
CoI-jTntjla— "Rlrhara m.~
Oillfonjla— "Ttie Hott«t Cooa ta Dixie."
A:i.an.fcra— "lilark Pattl Troubadours."
Tivi :i-"Tar and Tartar."
Cr»n<3 Opera-hou»«>— "ir.t nedermaua."
*teaur-"Dr, Bin."
Chute*. Zea aiiil Tteater— Vau£evM» every afternoon and
i
OlrmrJa, corner Mn»r>n aad EJlls *tr*«t»— CpeclaJUea.
Cw.tral Tark— ftfrplechiu«« and Ccney Islaal.
«OBMr. liattle cf Manila Bay. Market rtre«t. near
Oak!ard V**rm "rack Race*.
AUCTION SALES.
Py?. VT nu!ter!>:*.-TV.f flay, at H o'clock. Groooriea aad
U<ju'.ni. at Tw«nty-flnrt i>r.d Trr»t aver.ue.
IJy Wm. G. l^avnK— Thursday erenisr. •-'Tr.^T TL at IMS
e'clock. Tfcorought.rM Vearllata. at Tfl Howard street.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATIES
1". that the reciprocity
al to California, will
v. itfa ill
■ jrmation we regard
• • • ■ . -.}-, to
Governments with
ardly
:'ornia
ne sort ol -
r.fter they have been put
te of these reciprocity
•f hone industries preferences
: ther home ta-
il the French reciprocity
■ •
■ E • -ulture of
c nothing, for
; Incer. There
fd to pay out
■ • !
c. I| the
• tension to
•C of finding a mar
• ret, the bounty is taken
ta and the
' ' any to
■■ went for it is thnt
imerce of the country.
BT the impulse
I the bounty should be a
■Id be vote-1 directly out
This is a Rood opportunity to ventilate the whole
reciprocity system. It is a dangerous modification of
protection, and approximates free trade so closely that
we are hardly al>!e to sec the difference. If it is wise
}?. lower the tariff fence in one place to increase
trade, who can argue against the greater increase that
would logically follow entire removal of the tariff
trocha?
nlifornia horticulture are seriously
■v that a great prin
!•' the Republican party can
into the air again, by pro
• Of that reciprocity must miti-
Fond ed ready-made, to any pr>
■ ho has the wit to take it up that
ed and in disorder.
Wr hnp c that our California representatives win
be satisfied with the pigeonholing of a
•1. but will chnllrnge it into the
;>icuous and indefensible
• rural industries are greatly darv
chill and fever they get on this
It !<• the malaria of all our business calcu
w whether all we have is to
imperiled every time our backs are
n is of value we want our share.
- rral.le we demand that every md
d that the experiment be not at our
■ )C revelations of the Probate Court in this city
in reference to the estates of deceased mil
* looking for a new
r I ' <■ me way of making a combination with
■
Three c :ctims maimed and hrnived
■ reasonably good record for
I the local street railroads. It in
I that some of t!;em employed a red cross
DC more we remind you it will be the proper
■nize home industries in pur
■
The Produce Exchange Trust Company of New
v has failed for eight million dollars. It could
not produce
A SPECULATORS 1 PfINIC.
SEVERAL months ago there was a mad rush to
buy the many trust stocks th* were listed in
Wall street.
Politicians were furiously denouncing the trusts,
while the speculative spirit of the people was tempt
ing them into existence by eagerly taking their
stocks. At that time The Call treated the multiplica
tion of trusts as a result of speculation rather than
i as a permanent change in the industrial methods of
the country- Admitting that the survival of some out
of the many trusts so suddenly created would follow,
still that would mean the permanence of such as had
genuine commercial utility. In that discussion of the
subject we said also that the general rush for trust
stocks, being speculative, was one of the conditions
which implied a money panic and a shrinkage of
speculative values which would affect those which
were non-speculative. This forecast was justified
when the market had to be relieved by the offer of
the treasury to redeem $25,000,000 in Government
bonds, and again by the failures and panic of Monday
in New York.
There is no denying that the spirit of speculative
gambling in this country has been cultivated by the
practice of applying to the Federal treasury for help.
Those who gamble for a living are more reckless
when they feel that the treasury can be depended upon
to sustain gambling values and to ease, the pains of
liquidation by pouring out money in emergencies.
This feeling was the basis of Black Friday, and has
been in every speculative panic experienced since the
fiscal policy of the country underwent the change of
1862.
Financiers have seen clearly that this process has
always entangled the public and private credit of the
country. To some the reasons for Federal relief have
seemed good, because actual values and speculative
valna are not discriminated between when a panic
comes on. Gambling has been ambushed behind le
gitimate business, which it can earn- down with it.
and the Government has rallied to save legitimate
business from destruction.
It is worth noting that the financial legislation
which passed the House on Monday is the begin
ning of the extrication of the public credit from its
I artnership with the private credit of the cour.try.
-oration c.-r. no longer resort to the
treasury for protection there will be le«s of it. When
the treasury can protect itself against depletion of its
pold reserve that reserve may be less in volume, and
such amount as is release ! mil enter into circulation
to serve the financial needs of the country. Without
s as the House bill provides every
speculative panic proceeds to tap the treasury: the
endless chain is put in motion; greenbacks flow int >
the treasury and gold flows out: and the greenbacks.
• 'lately reissued, immediately return, demanding
more gold, until to save the public credit bonds have
to be sold to pet more gold to supply the endless
drain. This amazing scheme is ended by the new
law. When gold is paid out for greenbacks they
stand canceled to all uses except reissue for gold
again. The speculator's permission to eat his cake
and keep it is ended. All men who know the de
sirability ol "g public from private credit will
hail the reform.
When this bill is the law panics may still come.
No financial system, no standard of value, has ever
ented them, and none ever will. Until the lottery
eculation is on such a basis that the holder ol
every ticket gets a prize larger than the ticket cost
these panics will occur, and that means they will rl
ua.vs :t hereafter the holders of blanks can
not demand that the Government cash them.
The ::ts of unsound money are already in
the field citing Mnvdiy's liquidation as an effect of
the Ho-.i<e bill. But these same prophets ceaselessly
law about the crime of 1873, and paint in rosy
• -he conditions that were upon the country be
■ I demonetizing nf silver. They forget
the panic ,_ j n proportion to
the volume of business then existing to be affi
-m. were as destructive aa the two panics that
have occurred since 1R73.
It may as well be made known that the sound
>• sentiment r >f the country pi «o co for
• :pli«hment nf c though
every speculative trust si n Wall street go
the barber-shopi for shaving-pr-.per and though the
I who shriek against trusts stand on the
en crying out against sound money measures as
the cause of the downfall of the trusts which they
have just denot:
•Ed States Senator Quay is authority for the
admission that he is willing to be denounced as
everything his enemies choose to call him, with one
exception. He still retains self-respect enough to
deny with vehemence that he is an associate of Dan
Burns.
OUR MUNICIPAL ISSUES
GRATIFYING indeed are the evidences of
ilar interest in the approaching bond elec
tions. Xo good citizen should permit the
rush of holiday business or pleasure to distract his
mind from these issues. The welfare of the city is
involved in them, and if the vote requisite to assure
progress and improvement be cast on election day we
can look forward to beginning a new year of mu
nicipal development unparalleled in our annals.
There have been many objections urged against
the various improvements proposed, but they have
not been of a kind to affect the opinions of men who
are desirous of making a larger, a better, a healthier
and a more beautiful San Francisco. They have ap
pealed mainly to those who do not distinguish be
tween economy and parsimony, or perceive that a
community which does not advance must retrograde.
To the progressive elements of our population the
objections have amounted to no more than the usual
Silurian protest against progress of any kind.
To the objections first made that the improvements
would cost too much ample refutation was given by
elaborate calculations showing that the cost would
be comparatively slight and would not materially in
rrr * c the burdens of taxation. To the second ob
jection that the grade of the extension of the pan
handle would require cuts so deep as to destroy the
value of property answer was made by expert demon
stration that an easy roadway can be provided with
out entailing either a deep cut or a heavy expense.
So it has been with all other objections. They have
been refuted one after another by facts and figures
of undoubted accuracy.
It would be indeed a sad blow to the city if the
opportunity for improvement now so promising were
lost either throwph the objections of unprogressive
people or through the indifference of the business
men and taxpayers generally. Other large cities are
expending, or have expended, vast sums of money in
providing parks for their people. If San Francisco
do not provide an adequate park system now she wiM
have to do so later on at an increased cost. Every
year of dehy will add to the amount of expenditure.
Prompt action in this respect is economy.
It is to be remembered that these improvements
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, in A KM HER *J(), 189».
made by the public will prompt to other improve
ments through the gifts of liberal millionaires. As
was well said by D. V. Kelly in a communication to
the Merchants* Association Review: "Vote for the park
bonds also because ail such expenditures educate and
encourage civic pride. Can any man say that Sharon
would have donated a playground, Crocker built a
conservatory. Huntington a Stow lake, Spreckels a
majestic music-stand and Sweeney an observatory, if
our citizens had not provided a Golden Gate Park
that suggested these public-spirited gifts? Would we
have a museum if we had no park?"
Such questions carry their answers with them. In
fact, every well-founded consideration of the matter
tends to the conclusion that the purposed park im
provement should be provided. It is as necessary as
the schools, the hospital or the sewers. Let every
voter of true citizenship bear the issue in mind and
work for the cause of progress and improvement.
The Call would suggest to the members of the Uni
vrrsity of California football team that in preparation
for their meeting with the Carlisle Indians they shaw
their heads. Their presence on the gridiron with the
chrysanthemum mops of hair now in fashion will be
nothing less than a flying in the face of Providence
and an invitation to the red men to take their scalps.
TELEPHONE COMPANIES OND ThjE
PUBLIC.
BY the passage of the resolutions imposing a
license tax upon nicke!-in-the-slot telcphon?
machines, and providing that the desired
switch shall be made for the patron before the nickel
can be demanded from him, the Superiors undoubt
edly surprised the telephone magnates. They have s<<
defied the public they had reached the conclu
sion that nothing would ever be attempted to limit
their extortions. They thought they could g;t the
resolutions postponed and put off until the present
Hoard of Supervisors went out of office. They sup
posed that by free wires to back yards or other such
means it would be possible to control a majority of
the Supervisors and have the resolutions either
shelved or defeated. Hence the passage of the resolu
tions was a surprise that pains them in their tenderest
sensibilities.
It is not improbable they will have another sur
prise when the Legislature meets. It is well known
through the clever manipulations of the astute
Mr. Pillsbury, attorney for the corporation, there was
sneaked into the new charter a provision which debars
the Board of Supervisors from regulating telephone
rates. Feeling secure in the advantage obtained by
that trick, the telephone managers have forgotten the
existence of the State Legislature, or have overlooked
the fact that it has power to regulate rates. When
r-.ext the Legislature meets its attention will be di
rected to the extortions of the company, and it is then
that another surprise will agitate the nerves of the
telephone managers, accustomed as they are to jar
ring of the "buzzers" they employ for the torment of
the public.
There is ample justification for a governmental re
duction of the telephone charges now imposed upon
the public. It is true that before the Supervisors, anj
generally when talking where the public can hear,
Secretary Eaton asserts the poverty of the telephone
corporations and complains that the wages of girls
are so high and the cost of wire so excessive there
are no profits in the business. The Call, however, has
information 'that this self-same Secretary Eaton not
long ago urged friends to purchase stock in the tele
phone company, and in the course of his urging
stated that to his knowledge the earnings of the tw I
companies average $250,000 a month, and that 40 per
cent of the sum is clear profit.
When Secretary Ka: >n talks of the small income of
the telephone compary he is talking buncombe, but
when he talked to the friend whom he wished to hav
invest in telephone stock he was talking business.
These and other fact= equally pertinent to the issue
can be shown to the satisfaction of the Legislature,
and in the end it will be found that while the com
pany has profited much by the adroit sen-ice of Mr.
Pfllsbnry in fixing the charter it has not completely
escaped from the supervision of law.
A local preacher has arrived at the conclusion that
man, considered from every point of view that may
be suggested by his necessities, has no need for hell.
That preacher must have heen studying the signs of
the times or reading the reports of the war in South
Africa.
SOME information of a nature sufficiently novel
to be interesting anj probably valuable has
been made pubiic by a suit recently brought
before the United States Circuit Court sitting in
Boston for the purpose of recovering $3710 for an
alleged breach of contract relative to the employment
by one of the theaters in that city of eight girls
technically described as "mascots."
The plaintiffs in the ca<e rue members of a firm in
London whose business v that of supplying chorus
girls to any theater that wishes them. In an account
given of the case by a special correspondent of the
New York Times it is stated the company collects
girls and trains them for the stage. They are taught
, dancing and singing, and as soon as they are con
sidered competent to perform the duties required of
them the company secures engagements for them, in
[ dividually or in groups, in theaters all over the world.
Hundreds of theaters are said to be thus supplied.
I The girls are in a state of virtual servitude, subject to
' the will of their masters, and compelled to go wher
ever they send them. When employment is obtained
for them a large percentage of their salaries goes to
the masters, and is paid directly to them by the per
! son who contracts for the girls' services. The ar
rangement is one sanctioned and protected by law,
and care is taken to accept only such pupils as are
: either by themselves or their guardians competent to
make contracts for the sale of their sen-ices.
Now that is as nice a trade as ever was, and it is
not easy to understand why there has not been a trust
or at least a stock company organized to handle it.
It would be a pleasing variation in the stock exchange
list to have quotations of chorus girls from fair to
middling in assorted lots. Such stocks would be al
ways lively and moving, with an upward tendency
generally, but of course a great slump when the frost
is on the stage and the angels cease to sing.
To the uninitiated the trade will appear very much
like a traffic in coolies, or at least as an importation of
contract labor, but then the uninitiated must not
trust to appearances where chorus girls are con
cerned. They come to us by contract, it is true, but
they come as artists to elevate and refine us. and not
as laborers to work us. All the same the suit of'
the London firm was dismissed from the United
States court on the ground of a lack of jurisdiction,
and there seems to be no appeal to a Police Court, so
the chances of the plaintiffs getting their money, pro
vided any be due them, b slight. All of which goes
to show it is not always safe to trust even to mascots
when dealing with Boston people.
THE CHORUS G!RL MARKET.
VICTORIA'S CHRISTMAS PRESENT.
This Is what the Queen's "little personal present" to her soldiers looks like.
Designs of boxes to contain the cakes of chocolate for Tommy at the front were
submitted to her M;. .■-;>. and flnaJly the one shown above was selected. It Is a
\ <-ry handsome tin, with rounds. l t<lgei and corners. Enameled In red. the box
bean on the lid an embossed medaJlion In gold of the Queen, with "South Africa—
to the right and the monogram of V. K. I. to the left. As the Dally Mail
has previously pointed out, W.OOu of these boxes are to be sent to the soldiers In
South Africa, and each box will contain half a pound of fine chocolate— London
Mall.
"BOBS."
[General Roberts, who has Just been
orderod to Africa to take the chief com
mand of the British forces against the
Boers, la said to be the Idol of the fight-
Ing soldiers of the empire. Their pet
name for him Is "Bobs. Ho won his
reputation in India and Rudyard Kipling
has set forth In the following character
istic verses what the soldiery there th;nk
of their plucky little leader, for General
Roberts Is one of the smallest men In the
army.]
There's a little red-faced man
Which I* nobs.
Rides the tallest 'one '« can—
Our Bobs.
If It bucks or kicks or rears,
'E can alt for twenty yours.
With a smile round both 'Is ears-
Can' t yer. Dobs?
Then 'ere's to Bobs Bahadur,
Little Bcbs. Bobs. Bobs I
T our pukka Kandahader—
Flßhtln' Bobs, Bobs" Uobst
"F.'* the ilood of Ag(?y Chel.
'E's the man that done us well.
An' we'll follow 'lm to "ell.
Won't we, Bobs?
If a Umber's slipped a trace,
'Ook on Dobs.
If a marker's lost Ms place.
Drees by Bobs.
For 'c's eyes all up 'Is coat.
An' a bugle In Ms throat.
An' you will not play the coat
Under Bobs.
'E*e little down on drink.
Chaplain Bobs:
But It keeus us outer Clink—
Don't It. Bube?
Bo we will not complain,
Tho' » water on the brain.
If > leads us straight a*aln —
Blue-light Bobs.
If you stood Mm on Ms 'cad.
Father Hobs,
You could spill a quart o' lead
Outer Bobe.
•E'b been at It thirty years.
An' amasKln' souveneers
In the way o' slugs an" spear*—
Ain't yer, Bobs?
What > don not know o' war,
Gen'ral Bobs,
Tou can arst th<s shop next door—
Can' they, Bobs?
Oh, 'c's little, but "c's wise;
"i:'s a terror for his size,
An' > does not advertise —
Do yer. Bobs?
Now they've made a bloomln' lord
Outer Bobs,
Which was but Ms fair reward—
Wern't it. Bobs?
An' 'ell wear a coronet
Where Ms "elmet used to set:
But we know you won't forget —
Will yer, Bobs?
Then 'era's to Bobs Bahadur,
Little Bobs. Bobs Bobs!
Pocket-Wellln'tnn an 'arder—
Fiichttn' Bobs. Bobs. Bobal
This ain't no bloomln' cde.
But you've "elped the soldier's load
An' for benefits bestowed.
Bless yer. Bobs'.
■m ■ '
AROUND TOE
CORRDDORS
Dr. J. D. Young of Stockton Is at the
Lick.
Pr. A. EL Sweeney of Fresno Is at the
Qnuad.
T. S. C. Lowe of Pasadena la at the
California.
\V. S. Duncan, a Detroit merchant, li at
tl\B Palace.
W. CL fork, a merchant of Portland, <■
at the Palace.
Judge N. K. Harris of Fresno Is stop
ping at the Lick.
Benjamin Latz, a merchant of Portland,
Is at the California.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, the Petaluma
banker. Is at the I-lrk.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. and wife are
stoi'iilng at the Palace.
J. A. Ames, a mining man of Milwaukee,
Is stopping at the Grand.
CoK.nel C. C. Iloyce. a fruit grower of
Chlco, If at the California.
EL IfatSttl and EL Mizata, merchants of
Toklo, are at the Occidental en route to
Japan.
8. I. Allord, a capitalist and large land
owner of Humboldt County, Is at the
Grand.
C. G. Lundblade of the firm of Roscoe
& Lundblade. leading merchants of Eu
reka. Is In town.
Captain G. E. French, who has seen ser
vir. In the Philippines, arrived yesterday
and Is at the Palace.
Curtain W. B. Homer, Major William
W. Mct'amman. H. A. Armstrong, C. H.
Noble and A. A. Augur, U. B. A., are
guests at the Occidental.
G. M. Whitney, the well-known Hono
lulu planter, arrived In this city yester
day and Is at the Occidental with his
wife and children.
Colonel V. D. Mlddleton. at one time
chief medical Inspector of the Pacific
Coast Department, arrived In the city yes
terday and Is staying at the Occidental.
Ma.ior Roudlez, quartermaster of the
United States volunteers, arrived In this
city Monday evening. He will leave for
Manila within a few weeks to superintend
Frederick Myrlck, a well-known and
popular retail dealer In liquors and hotel
man of Placervllle, Is In this city, and ex
pects to locate In business here In the
near future.
the construction of a mammcth refriger
ator, which will hold 5000 head of cattle.
100 tons of bacon, 100 tons of vegetables,
100 tons of butter and eggs, 7500 sheep and
600 gallons of distilled water.
Max H. Fischer, representing the
Staats-Zeltung, has arrived from N«w
York City and Is among the guests at the
Grand. Mr. Fischer expects to remain
some time In this city and before his le
tura East will tour the State.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— W. J. Bevan of
San FTancisco la at the Hoffman. N. B.
fcalley of El Dorado. CaJ.. Is at the Im
perial. O. A. White and Miss Cora White
of Sacramento are at the Gllsey. Dr. M.
w lYankl'n of San Francisco Is at the
Minot.
* Copies of The Call's great J
* Christmas Edition, wrapped *
* and ready for tnailmg, can *
* be obtained at all nnvs deal- J
J ers, or at The Call business *
* office. Please place your or- *
* dcr at once, as the supply *
* is limited. *
"HELLO, 00M PAUL!"
They Bay you're slow and old.
On m Paul!
You're uncivilized, we're told,
Oom Paul!
Tour whiskers are a sight.
And your features are a fright.
but when it comes to fight—
You"re
All
Right!
Oom Paul:
Your clothes they said were greasy,
Oom Paul!
And to lick you would be easy,
Oom Paul I
But we hear them boasting less
Now that they're In sore distress—
Ain't they In a pretty mess?
We
Guess
Yes!
Oom Paul!
Now. you do wear baggy pants.
_ Oom Paul'
You'd be awkward In a dance.
Oom Paul!
But you've made a gallant stand
To defend your native land—
Bo we're proud to shake >our hand.
You've
Got
Sand!
Oom Paul!
We understood at first,
' - Oom Paul!
Before the shells had burst.
_ Oom Paul!
That ere this your flag would drop
And your "Insurrection" stop-
But we've not yet seen you flop—
You're
On
Top!
Oom Paul!
Seems their empire Is In danger,
_. . , Oom Paul!
Since their dog got In your manger
__ „ Oom Paul!
Well, the brute has had Its day.
And for your success we pray.
Kick the cur from out your way,
You're "
O
Xl
Oom Paul!
LOITIS GOLDSTONE.
EAGLE, ALASKA,
RISES TO SPEAK
EAGLE, Alaska. Oct. 31. 1899.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The
Chamber of Commerce of Eagle cordially
Invites you to be present at a meeting
and dinner to be held December 20, 1899,
at 6 o'clock p. m.
v The object of the chamber Is. In gen
eral, the development of the mining, com
mercial, municipal and agricultural in
terests of this section of Ala.-.
The subjects to be considered at the
special meeting are as follows:
1. A survey of the mining laws applica
ble to Alaska. Including titles, assess
ment a and proof of work done In repre
senting claims.
2. The relation of th» several mining
districts to Eagle as a depot of supplies.
3. What effect the prices of supplies
have upon the development of the mining
Interests.
i. What means can b« devised to Induce
a more thorough prospecting of this sec
tion.
f.. The feasibility of summer and winter
trails from Eagle to Jack Wade Creek
and other parts of this district.
6. What advantage, If any. Is there in
thawing machines.
Abif speakers will be selected to discuss
the foregoing subjects. An early answer.
If possible signifying your acceptance. Is
desired. Sincerely yours.
J. F. IIOBBES,
President Eagle Chamber of Commerce.
EMILE QUARRE. Secretary.
CHRISTMAS EDITION POSTAGE
Postage on this issue of The Call
Is as follows: Domestic, 4c; for
eign, Be.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WASHINGTON NAVY YARD— A. 8..
Ctty. There Is a naval station at Wash
ington, D. C. Captain Alexander H. M>-
Cormtck la the commandant of the yard
and station. It was established In UN
and covers twenty-seven acres of ground
fronting on the Anacostia River, at the
foot of Eighth stroet. a mile southeast
from the Capitol. The yard Is no longer
used for the construction of vessels but
Is an Important depot for the manufacture
of ordnance stores.
THE NEW CHARTER—J. CVC. City.
Under the new charter all subordinate
employes In each department of the city
Government except chief clerks and ca»h
lers of heads of departments will owe
their positions to the direct or Indirect
Influence of the Mayor, as he has the u.o
polntlng of the Civil Service Commission
ers, who In turn will have the appoint
ment of the employes. He will appoint
the School Board, which will appoint the
teachers; the Fire r,,mml«lonerß. who
will appoint the members f the Fire De
partment, and the appointment of the
Police Commissioners, who will appoint
the members of the Police Department.
MUST BE A CJTIZEN-Citlze-nshtp
City. An tndlvidual who has declared his
Intention to become a citizen of the United
States cannot Becure a position In the city
government of San Francisco under the
new charter, for that Instrument says-
All <W>utles. clerks, assistants and other
employes of the city and county of San
Francisco must be citlaens of the United
States, and must, during their respective
terms of office or employment, actually
reside in the city and county, and must
have so resided for one year next pi
Ing their appointment." mere are no po
sitions. F. deral or municipal that can be
filled under civil service rules by one who
la not a citizen of the United States.
INTERNATIONAL, BIL.L.IARDS-A. M.
8.. Windsor. Cal. Toe International bil
liard match between Frank C. Ives of
Chicago and John Roberts of London vai
played at Humphrey's Hall, KnJghis
bridge, London. May 29 to June J. iSV3. It
was a compromise game of English bil
liards, 000 points In six nights, 6 by 12
English table. English billiard rules to
govern, except as to the size of povket
openings, which It was agreed ehr.uld
measure 1 * Inches across the opening at
the fall of the slate, lnatea.il of English
regulation 3S pockets; 2v;-lnch balls. In
stead of 1-16. English regulation. Push
and spot strokes barred. Jawing of ball
or anchored balls permitted. Score-
Ives. 6000- Roberts. 3521; best run by lye«
2539; by Roberts. ii 9. Ives got the balls'
wedged at the mouth of one of the
pockets and his long run became mo
notonous. -
A KNOT— State Ron**. Dullard's Bar.
Tuba County. Cal. A knot. In navigation.
Is an appliance for measurement of the
rate at which a vessel Is moving. Thus
used, a knot represents a m!l<\ The tog
line Is divided Into equal parts of rifty
feet length (practically only 47 42 fern h>
knots, 1. c.. pieces or string roy« through
the strands, .each of which parts bJ ,
phlrnl mile as a half a mtnu'
tn hour— that Ih as 1
Ing cust overboard, note Is carefullj
r.f hnw many krmta run out in I
minute. ar.«l It follows that the
•hrough the water at the sair
b. r of «<eographl< al ■
of a geogi
g neaj
I making n hour i
traveling at tn«
miles in that p- ne.
PRAISE FOR THE
CHRISTMAS CALL
L'ITALIA
Our esteemed contemporary The Call
ha* Issued Its Christmas edition, which Is
simply a masterpiece of modern Jourr.ai
lsm. a wonderful specimen of the printer"*.
art. either for abundance and variety of
reading matter or and especially for the
splendor of Its numerous illustrations,
which are far more than could be expect
ed from a dally paper.
Among the beautiful Illustrations «
note wl.h gratification and pride some
reproductions < .' masterpieces of the most
celebrated Italian painters, such as tho
Madonnas of RafaMlo. <»u!do R»»nl. Botti
celli and Bar*o Ferruto. The compkt*
edition of fifty-two pages costs o:il>
6 cents, and It Is Indeed an excellent ani
appropriate souvenir which our readers
could send to their folks In Italy.
We take pleasure li complimenting Th »
Call not only for th« magnificent Christ
mas edition bur also for the continuous
progress It Is making every day cither la
the extensive telegraphic service, which !i
equal to that of America's foremost pa
per, the New York Herald, or for abun
dance and variety of all kinds of Interest-
Ing news and current topics of Interest
to the reading public, so that The Call car.
be acknowledged as ranking among Us«
very first dally newspapers In the Unite.)
States.
. ♦ . m
SPLENDID EDITION
OF ThE CALL
Oakland Tribune.
The San Francisco Call has made won
ful strides In recent years In the illus
trative art; so much so. Indeed, that It li
without a superior In this particular I!--
In the country. Evidence of this fact ws*
adduced In the magnificent Christina*
number of fifty-two pages which was Is
sued Sunday last More perfect picture*
and portraits could not have been ■>•:;■■
and certainly have never been excelled in
newspaper work In the country. What 1*
true of the pictures In black and whits U
also true of the Illuminated pages, which
were numerous and filled with matter ap
propriate to the- season. As to tho de
scriptive matter, it may be said that t:
was selected with the most dlscriml
care and was of so varied and Interesting
a character that It must have been real
with avidity by the- thousands of people
Into whose hands the paper came.
Fine plum puddinr at Townsend's. •
■ ♦ «
Note 81 Fourth st. 6c barber and grocer.
best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40a *
Time to send your Eastern h
Townwnd'i California Glace Fruits
In flre-etc. wace •
No waiting a- Is; pier
hHp. Thousands of packages of CaJ:r
Glace Fruits and Candles packM ail
to hand out. «27 Market sti
Your name stamped In gold letter* fre*
of charge on all leather goods bough:
from Sanborn. Vail A < "o •
Special Information supplied dally »
business houses and public rn«?n by tfci
Press Clipping bureau (Allen -
gomery street. Telephone Ma:n KM
">rd«red to Vacate.
Will remove In January to 735 Mark*'
street, Olsen grocery, and move bfl
639 Market street. Falace
in February. Towr.tend Olaee Fr>.
< Andy Factory. >'>T. P-iluce Hot«l t. :
Damages for a Collision.
Alfred Johnson and 11. O. Oulllxon flle.l
a libel yesterday In the United States DL«.
trlct Court against the river steamer
Pride of the River to recover $CDO damages
alleged to have been Inflicted upon tho
«cow schooner Rival In a collision on th«
Sacramento River on October 2S of thu
year.
••Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for flftr rears by million* of
mother* for their children while Teething with
perfect mere**. It soothe* the child, soften*
th» rums, allar* pain, cures Win ! Colic, regu
lates th« Bowels and U th« best remedy for
Diarrhoea*, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sals by druggists In «Yerr
part of the world. I-> a ur» and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. Sc a bottle.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-rentlhuled Pullman tourH;
sleeping cars via Santa F« Haute. BzptrtaDCfd
excursion conductors accompany the«« excur
sions to look after the welfare of pajsencers.
To Chicago and Kan. City ereTy Sunday)
Wednesday and Friday. To Doston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Lou!«
every Sunday. To Ft. Paul every Sunday ax 1
Friday. Ticket office. 613 Market street.
HOTEL DEL. COKONADO— Take adrantag*
of th« round-trip tickets. Now only 144 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $3 CO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San FrancUco.
. ♦ .
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
Th« California Limited. Santa Ft Rout*.
Connecting train leave* I p. m.. Monday,
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train ami best track of any lice to t v *
East. Ticket office. CS Market it.
Annual Police Parade.
Chief I.»-- Issued an <■>'!■ .»■«•->•' -
afternoon that the annual parade of !!.•»
"finest" would be held Friday mornhif
next. starting at 10 o'clock. As this will
be the last parade under the auspice* of
the present Commissioners, an nrobablr
the present chief, unusual preparations
have been made to make It as Imposing
as possible.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scrofula and
Consumption
People tainted with scrof-
ula very often develop con-
sumption. Anemia, running
of the ear, scaly eruptions,
imperfect digestion, and
enlargement and breaking
down of the glands of the
neck, are some of the more
prominent of scrofula symp-
toms are forerunners of con-
sumption. These conditions
can be arrested, consumption
prevented and health re-
stored by the early use of
Scott's Emulsion
Your doctor will tell you so.
At all dntßUta ; toe. and f i 00.
SCOTT at EOWXE, Chemlita. New Y«rk.STOCKTONIAN TO TAKE
A SAN FRANCISCO BRIDE
cAI-TAIN McNOELE AND H'S Bit'lPi-'
A'fFUrlt „, «l i P Ur<%h UllS cvcnln » Captain Emory Lewis McNoble
iV ■ n c ? ' be Riarrif><l tl » Mlss Antoinette Mario Colby of thin city
', ;f; f «, t , rrftt wMI offlclatc - The bride in the daughter of Mrs. A. CoU
P.dl* r-\n,r. 1 "* Mwl - Miss Isabel Donovan trill be maid of honor. Miss
i. 1«-\«S .« -V? " i& l brldv> a " d MIM Latira Woodbiry of San Jo,* have been
and '^cV,, 1 TbC •• ddln S wl » «»e attended only by the relatives
ana .atroefiJate friends of th<- contracting parties.
•s SSfiSl H2S2! ls nn * rf lh " moM 'nfl'^ntlal citizens of Stockton. The bride
rVv" J7 I-w, * ly a " many She will wear white or
* vIV- v - ,k U ' \ a , n " la ' tr'mmpd with Valenciennes and Insertion. She will have
?? h rrv "' l V r:irg " bl^" Bonl^ anJ 2S " nrry brlJc r<:S!CS - The maid of honor will
»».rr> La France roses and the bridesmaids chrysanthemums
TEACHERS WANT
NAMING OF THE
NEW DIRECTORS
Object to Alumnae
Candidates.
PRACTICAL WOMEN DEMANDED
PERGEROT SAID TO HAVE QUIT
HIS FIUHT.
The teachers of the Srhool Department
ore taking no more k!ndly to the sugges
tions cf the ladles of the Collegiate Alum
na* than they did to the abortive effort of
I*. A. Bergcrot to line them up on his side
In hi* fight to win from Mayor Phelan an
fcr-pointmcnt on the Incoming School
Hoard Ten days ago the ladles of the
fclumnae udiroscd to Mayor IN lan a
communication In which they expressed
their desire that two of the four director
•■hlps of the mxx. board be given to
women, and for the two places they sug
gested Mr*. A. H. Morrison. Ph.D.". l.'ni
verklty of California, and Miss Caroline
«.'. Jackson. NurmuJ College of New York,
and B. S. Cornell. Both ladies are as
liighly educated as their Octrees would
.■:._■• a:;d both are immensely popular,
but the teachers *<i the o< partiiient con
tider that popularity and theoretical edu
cation are not the two greatest require
ments to b-- figured upoti in constructing
the chart < r l>n.u <l of Education. On the
contrary. t!;t-\ o« inard that some onebeap
p«iinttvl who tiuh run the whole educational
i ..'.:...■ from th»* substitute list to depart
mental hraJ. and who by reason of years
of practical experience in every deport
ment of the local echorl system is quali
fied to cater to the schools' greatest needs
with th«- greatest economy and facility.
At several little meetings which have
been held lately it has been pointed out
I hat neither of the ladles indorsed by the
Alumnae Association has ever had ex
perience In a primary school, except when
she wes receiving her own education. It
was argued that as teachers their work
had been In the higher branches and they
had never been brought In close touch
with the children arid their needs. As a
r«->uii the teachers have east about for
th^se among them who would •Ml the re
quirements to their ratisfaction and It Is
l'.kely that within the we»-k they will ad
dress a communication of their own to
the Mayor.
Among those who have been mentioned
frequently by th» teacher body are Mrs.
Lizzie K. Burke nnd Mrs. Mary Prag.
Mrs. Burke has had wide experience in
every ...;•;:•• :..-i! branch represented In
the local department and combines with
t-er ability as teacher a cool-headed fac
ulty for business, which hns brought her
Into prominence upon nearly every occa
sion when the salaries or general welfare
cf the teachers hay» been menaced. The
same may l>e said of Mrs. Prag. and be
cause- of their services l>oth ladles are in
high favor with their fellow teachers, and
It is g'-n« rally t-nld will be named by them
for the two places within the Mayor's (lib
posal.
It is said upon pood authority that Pres
ident Berg Tot ha* given up his spectacu-
Inr flght for « Job with the next board.
After sueecv-dirtg In making himself de
cidedly unpopular with the teachers he
triad* 'n bad brenk In throwing down the
solid seven after promising to stand In
with them on an end of the year clean
SEALSKINS M
Have Just
Advanced 80 %J|||i|
in London! J||i§^
( hr greatest advance p
ever known in th 9 J^^^^^lfbw
history of the fur w \\% IV
business.) ■•*
... 4  ... Intending purchasers
Notwithstanding this, should take advantage
we shall sell Sealskin of this opportunity; it
Garments at prices ma not last through
... , the season,
much below what
EVERY GARMENT
others are asking, ow- beautifully
FINISHED, FIT
ing to the fact that we and quality
\ GUARANTEED.
have an unusually large aKItD Fom BEAUTUnjLLr
stock on hand. illustrated catalog.
OFEN EVENINGS.
H. LIEBES & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED /
THE LARGEST FUR HOUSE IN THE WORLD,
Nos. 133. 135, 137 POST STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
up. anu nis cnances with the Mayor are
couMdered so slim that hi- Is no longer
figured on as a fnctor in the question.
Speculation regarding the Board of
Health hns been revived by the general
report that Dr. Thomas Shumate and Di
Pnul Cox would be called upon by the
Mayor to assist Drs. Williamson and
Bazet In that body. Both are well known
and their appointment would give gtnural
satisfaction both within the fraternity
and without.
The Incoming Supervisors are inclined to
turn over to the Mayor the formation and
appointment of their numerous eommlt
te<s. A caucus at which that question
wl!l be discussed will be held on the 281
inst.. and It Is likely that his Honor will
have the naming of everything save the
chairmanship of the Finance Committee
and the half dozen clerks allowed the
board by the charter. The report has been
circulated that John Russell will soon he
well enough to again take up his duties,
and If It proves true the new board will
tender him hi 3 old position as chief clerk.
If It does not. In all probability that posi
tion will fall to John Kyan. the present
claims clerk. Harry Farquharson Is mak
ing a hard (Urhi for the nlace. but the wls«
ores say he has not a dead man's chance.
The bond elections are at present taking
all of the time of the Mayor and the Elec
tion Commissioners, ar.d It Is not expected
that his Honor will announce any ap
pointments until after the "h of the
month.
Potrero Club for Progress.
A large nnd enthusiastic meeting of the
residents and property owners of the
westf m slope of Potrero Heights was held
at Reilly's Hall. Rhode Island street, last
night. J. Bardhun, prerldont of the club.
was In the chair. Th- comfortable little
hall was packed to the door by men who
take an active interest In the progress of
the city's growth, as also of their own
section. An example of this interest was
brought forth at the meeting when Attor
ney C. F. Kimball. speaking for the ex
ecutive committee, who waited on the
Market stre. t magnates of the railroad
company, reported that the railroad
authorities more than met the delegates
half-way by sending a gan»r of men to
Bet the conducting electric poles on the
street as r»MiU«stt*d by th« club represen
tatives. The same delegates had called on
Mayor Phelan. requesting his aid at such
time as the franchise comes before him
for his approval. To this he assured them
that he was In favor of the measure and
would support It.
For this kindness he received a vote of
thanks and a promise from the delegates
that the club would unconditionally sup
port the entire l>ond issue.
The Hub elected J. liuodt. A. V. Craig
and Frederick Kimball ns delegates to the
Mission Federation of Improvement Clubs.
Short and breezy sj^eches were made by
Attorney C. F. Kimball, President Bard
bun, Peter Stohlberg. Jacob Rumstsch
and others on the duties of every citizen
to vote for and work In the Interest of the
betterment of the city.
C. F. Kimball moved a vote of thanks
to The Call for Its progressive stand, and
It was given with a .•!■• • r
Useful Christmßs Presents
Beautifully Illuminated boxes filled with
good writing paper, tied with silk ribbons,
make useful and handsome Christmas
presents. For sale by Sanborn, Vail at
Co. 741 Market street. •
■ m ■
Golden Gate Lodee.
The following named were Installed last
night as th officers of Golden Gate
Lodge. F. and A. M.. for the current year:
Jamea H. Humphreys, worshipful mas
ter; Charlts A. YVegner. senior warden:
Alexander McCorinell. junior warden: Wil
liam S. Moses, treasurer; George J. Hobe,
secretary: S. A. Clarke, senior deacon;
Asa 11. Phelps. junior deacon; .' I£. S.
Kent, marshal; Arthur Burreil and R. H.
Crocker, stewards, and John d'Arcy, tyler.
The ceremony was witnessed by Grand
Master •ion Worshipful Master Witt
man of King Solomon's Lodge and other
visitors. After the lodge closed there was
n 1 n nnnM
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 18' W.
CANNOT AFFORD
TO PROCLAIM A
STATE OF COMA
No Sectional Feeling
Am Tg Improvers.
♦
ALL DECLARE FOR BONDS
SAMPLE BALLOTS ARE READY
TOR THE VOTEHS.
Kayor Phelan Expresses Confidence
That Voters Will Approve Every
One of the Proposed
Measures.
BOND MEETINGS TO-DAY.
Union Iron Works, at 12 m.
California Club. Y. M. C. A. build
ingr, 8:45 p. m.
Mission Turn Verein Hall, Eight
eenth and Valencia streets.
As the time approaches for the bond
elections the progressive element declares
that its fight !s won. and that all the
bonds will secure far more than the nec
essary two-thirds vote. The doubt that
mlßht have existed a few weeks ago In
resard to the panhandle extension ap
pears to have entirely vanished, and
Mayor Phelaa has stated that even the
organized strength of the opposition will
avail nothing on either December 27 or 29.
One of the surprises of the dosing days
of the campaign is the mark. -d enthusiasm
that is being shown In the extremities of
the city by the improvement clubs. At
North Beach and Bunnyslde. In the West
ern Addition and at the Potrero and South
San Francisco, in the Mission and In Noe
Valley, there is but one sentiment, and all
are working energetically to lay the foun
dntlon for a more progressive city.
The Democratic Central Club will hold
a special meeting to-night at Pythian
Hall for the discussion of the bond is
sues. Mayor Phelan will address the
members on the necessity of Improve
ments. Charles H. Holcomb, by maps and
diagrams, will show what the park exten
sion will look like when completed and
will speak on the necessity of a new sewer
system.
BUILDERS FAVOR PANHANDLE
The Exchange Adopts Resolutions
Indorsing Proposed Im
provements.
Resolutions favoring the panhandle ex
tension and the construction of a new
sewer system were adopted yesterday at
a meeting of the members of the Builders'
Exchange held at the headquarters, 4"
New Montgomery street. Mayor Phelan
was the only speaker. He was Introduced
by President S. H. Kent .if the Exchange,
who presided over the gathering. The
Mayor wns warmly received by the gen
tlemen representing the building trades of
the city. He said that the need of bonds
for a sewer system, new sehoolhou?es and
hospitals was admitted on all sides, but
that there was some opposition to the
panhandle extension. This he said came
from a body of men who were relics of
the pant, who came to this city originally
expecting to make their fortunes here and
then return to their homes In the Bast,
and who never favored Improvements that
would cost anything. The Mayor argued
that everything that In the least degree
benefited the city would naturally benefit
those engaged In the building trades
At the conclusion of the address Bupor
vlsor-elect L. J. Dwyer presented resolu
tions Indorsing the Improvements advo
cated by Mr. Phelan. The resolutions re
ceived the unanimous support of the
members of the Exchange and were
adopted with considerable enthusiasm.
Similar action was also taken by the
Builders' Association at a meeting held
at the headquarters on Bush street, which
was addressed by the Mayor and Jere
miah Mahoney.
THE LAW AND THE ELECTION
Registrar Issues Instructions to
Voters as to How to Cast
Their Ballots.
Instructions for the guidance of electors
In rn.stiriK their ballots at th.- bond elec
tions have been issued by the Registrar,
t. ther with sample ballots. There will
be two sots of the latter, one covering the
issue of bonds for sewer system, hospital
improvement and for the construction of
new schoolhouses, and the other apper
taining exclusively to the Panhandle pro
ject. The lhws governing the bond elec
tions are precisely th.» same as those
under which general elections an- held.
The ballots will be arranged as follows*
No. I— Referring to the Panhandle pro
ject—
Proposition to Issue the
bonds of the City and County
of Han Francisco to the
amount of four million five
hundred an.l fifty thousand
<$4,r^O,COQ) dollar* for the ac
quisition by !-aid municipal
ity of land (or public park
purpow*. extending the
Panhandle of CSolden Hate
1 Park eastward to Van Ness
avenue, connecting Golden
♦ late Park with th Presidio
Military Reservation, be
tween Thirteenth and Four
teenth avenues, and the Re
quisition by said municipal
ity of lands for public park
purj*>FC» la that portion of
the isald city and County
known as the "Mission."
No. 2— Referring to sewers, hospitals
and schools-
PrcDonltlon to Incur an
Indebtednens of the City and
County of San Francisco
to the amount of four mil
1 linn «lx hundred thousand
dollar* Ct4.M9,WO) for the
jmrj»c*e of acquiring, con
rtructliiK and completing a
•ewer eyrtem in and for said
City and County.
Proposition to Incur an In
debtedness of the city and
County of San Francisco to
th* amount of four hun
dred and seventy-five
2 thousand dollars 175,0X0.
for the purpose of nojulr
lne. constructing and com-
I'letlne a new City and
County Hospital In and for
M.ld City and County.
Proposition to Incur an In
debteilner* ■ f the City and
County «»f San Francisco to
the amount of one million
four hundred thoutand dol
lars <|1.4 j0.000). far the pur-
I ! I- <if ocqulrin". ccnstruct
lmratui i onipl»-t •• | teventcen
new rrhoolho .ses in and for
— -mM •Iny• 1 ny iii.l rwillj arnJ^
imiklnK extensive repairs and
alteration* to, in and about
rchoolhoUFeg now existing
Ih^r.ln
To vote for incurring the IniWltortn— ■
stamp a rro*s <X> in tht blank spar.- to
th<- right of th<» wnrrl "yes" opposlt.
proposition you assent to.
To vote nßßlr.st incurring the indent. ,i
n«ss. ptanip a crops (X) in the blank
• to the rißht of the word "no" on.
.;i<-h proposition you desire to re-
Unanimous for Panhandle Project.
Panhandle bonds will carry unanimous
ly out In the Richmond district If the
Point Ix)bos Improvement Club has it*
way about the matter. An enthusiastic
meeting of the club was held last evening
at Richmond Hall, during which the bond
project was discussed in all its phases
President George R. Fletcher said th.i»
there was but one side to the question!
and that was favorable to it. Memben. of
the club art- very much chagrined at the
action of the Richmond Improvement
Club, which has taken a stand against
the proposed Improvements. It teas
claimed that the organisation is a bogus
one and Is composed of but two members,
who are- neceders from the Point Lobo*
organization. A committee was appointed
, to draft a letter to the public repudiating
NOW ON THE SERIOUS
STAGE OF MATRIMONY
mISS ANNA M FIEDLER,
who as Edith Hall compelled
the admiration of Tlvoll
audiences for several sea
sons, yesterday became the bride of
Supervisor-elect William N. McCar
thy. No announcement had been
made of the approaching nuptials,
although the wedding has been
expected for many weeks. Both
bride and groom were anxious for th«j
quietest of ceremonies, and not until
a few days ago did they decide thai
the marriage should take place yes
terday.
Justice Kerrigan tie 1 the knot at
the McCarthy home on O'Farrell
street, and the only witness to the
ceremony besides the immediate rela
tives of the groom was his office
partner. Attorney S. 11. Regensburger,
the Rlchmoti'l <'lul> and explaining why
it does not represent the sentiment of the
district.
A Panhandle Object Lesson.
In an endeavor to interest th. people In
their parks and pleasure grounds, the cit
izens' committee of the Public Improve
ment Central Club has decided to give
open-air < oncertl at the f<.>ll«>winß places
next Sunday morning and afternoon:
South I'urk, Columbia Bquare, I'nlon
Square, Washington Square and at the
I • , ■^••ii Mission i>-'irk. <«uerrero. between
Eighteenth and Twentieth streets. In ad
dition there will be the regular concert at
iJaii- lark. Tli«-r»- will ba DO PUO
llc speaking at any of the concerts, t!ie
Idea being U Interest the people in tholr
parks an<i squares and Unprasi upon them
the desirability of acquiring th> property
-ary to bring the parks nearer to the
populace.
Mission Heartily Favors Parks.
Residents of the lOaalon give no Indica
tion Of the opposition that is said to exist
against the panhandle extension in their
locality. Under the auspices of the West
of Castro Street Improvement Club a
rousing meeting was held at Duveneck
Hall last night, and for over two hours
the audience showed its entire sympathy
with the practical speeches made In favor
of the Issuance of bonds fur needed public
Improvements. .
f. W. Qunlman. president of the club,
acted as chairman, and in a few words
expressed his conviction that on Wednes
day of Christmas week San Francisco
would decide that it must arouse and take
on a new lea! • of better life than it has
hitherto experienced.
Judge Cooney, In referring to the com
mendable work of the late Frank McOop
nln In helping to acquire Golden Gate
Park, paid that a monument to his mem
ory should be erected at the Van Ness en
trance to the new panhandle.
"There was live times the opposition to
the purchase of Golden Gate Park there
is to-day to the extension of the pan
handle." said he, "but we know how "veil
those early promoter! saw the necessities
of the day In which we are living, If you
think there Is no need to make this .it >■
more attractive, go to the ferries at the
close of business on any day of the week
and you will <»•<■ thousands of people leav
ing Ban Francisco and going to their
homes. And where an- their homes? In
Ban Rafael, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
and San llateo. ah these people should
live in San Francisco, where they derive
their Incomes, but they will not do so as
long as they can find better homesites in
the towns around the bay. These thou
sands of people are not of any benefit to
thia city. but are a decided detriment, for
they bring nothing here and they lake
much away. They would never take these
long, uncomfortable and expensive trips
morning and night if they would be as
well accommodated where they do their
business."
Judge Lemme made a strong argument
in favor of the park system, and said that
if the park bonds are defeated It may
mean the defeat of all the bonds. "This
measure Is not a local measure, but Is a
matter of concern to the whole city," said
he. "If citizens do their duty on Decem
ber 27 there will be a three-fourths rote
in favor of bonds, Instead of the neces
sary two-thirds."
Judge A. W. Thompson said lawyers
tried to get at the meat of ■ case and to
waste no time over points that are con
ceded. "Last Sunday." said he, "at I
public debate everybody conceded that
this Is a good time to issue bonds for
sewers, for schools and for a proper hos
pital. Yet there are some people woo
oppose bonds for parks These are the
men who are not anxious to show the
world that San Francisco has. entered
upon a new era of progress."
Major Ifcßenna said that a year ago,
when the bosses were In control, it would
have been "suicide to vote for bonds to
supply boodle for thieves. Now," be de
clared. "It Is not only safe, but a duty,
to vote for all the bonds."
Charles A. Swelgert also spoke In favor
of all the bonds.
Cheer Advocates of Bonds.
At Masonic Hall. South San Francisco,
C. H. Mills presided over I largely attend
ed meeting at which Mayor Phelan made
a rousing speech.
"There are opponents of the panhandle
extension," snld the Mayor, "who cry out
that the city should own public Institu
tions first, We have answered this objec
tion time and again and have shown that
we cannot have everything at once, but
must get them by degrees. There are
ptill many among us who evidently think
that we should continue in our municipal
Kip Van Winkle sleep, and who deprecate
any attempts that may be made to disturb
those deathly slumbers.
"This Is not a question of luxury, but a
question of necessity. We must have
parks, because parks are a very Impor
tant and necessary* element in modern
cities. If we want to be a modern city
we must prow and we must make our city
attractive. We have a big park, but where
is it? Is It easy of access? Certainly not.
It seems to me that it is an Insult to an
intelligent citizen to ask him. to vote for
bonds for the panhandle extension because
every intelligent citizen must surely be
convinced that it Is now a necessity. No
matter which way we view the matter,
the extension of the panhandle Is a bene
fit—lt will bring our beautiful park to the
people; It will Increase property values; It
will augment business and It will be a
signal to the whole world that San Fran
cisco is wide awake."
Speeches were also made by W. W.
Stowe, principal of Burnett Grammar
School, and P. M. Wellln. «"»"^
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filod by
Lillian F. Blankman against Armand E
lilankman. for desertion; Esther Irwin
against Washington Irwin, for failure to
provide; Lura M. Cowan against Benja
min Cowan, for cruelty, and Debora A
Blebeit against Lewis D. Slebert for
cruelty.
who had quietly procured th« mar
riage, license. Some months ago the
announcement was made of tho en
gagement, and at that time Minn
Fiedler concluded her stage career.
For some years she succeeded In
scoring a number of hits Ht the Tlvoll,
and her marked 'beauty aided largely
In her success. Her last engagement
was with the "Yon Yonson" com
pany at the California, and since
then she has been residing at the
Langham Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy left immedi
ately after the ceremony for Monte
rey, and will return In time for the
Supervisor-elect to be present at the
Inauguration of the now city govern
ment.
Preparing for Elections.
The Board of Election Commissioners
mot yesterday morning and awarded a
contract for the equipment of booths to
be list d at the bond elections to W. K.
McManus nt $3 44 per booth. The officers
who are to serve have already been ap
pointed and have qualified.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CREENBERC'S,
31 GRANT AVENUE,
Holiday Presents!
Handkerchiefs, Fans.
Parses, Apron?.
Feather Boas, Shaw's,
Fur Scarfs, Mufflers,
Gloves, Neckwear.
Alligator Bags, Shell Combs,
Silk Skirts, Elastic Belts,
Liberty Ruches, Umbrellas,
Silver Novel- Battenberg
ties, Tidies.
GLOVE ORDERS.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
—— ~~ ~ ——^——————^————— — — —
Good light makes good busi-
ness — by night as well as day.
The well-lighted store attracts
business— the dimly lighted store
drives it away.
Be up-to-date —
WHY,
Use a Welsbach Light!
The Genuine Gives Trade
Satisfaction. In WELSBACH
Sealed Box Bearing Mark
ALL DEALERS
Brware of OtuntrrfeU Mantle* and chrap
imi ation bran part*.
: -♦
< The luxury, comfort, convenience
1 cuisine and modcrat* chaxres tm,Ye
< clvec :t.t
PALACE and
GRAND
♦ ♦
♦ hotels a reputation that 1* known wh*r. 4
♦ ever the English UninJace Is spoken. I
j Connected by a covered passageway— I
i MOO rooms— 900 with baths.
( JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. I
♦■* «— — »•••»«»»»»•♦■»•♦«.«.«<.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO. E ; BB 7 E A T rr
FRANK HALL
Subduing 'Wallace." the Monster Lion.
MAJOR MITE MAJOR MITE
In His Great Imitation of Cornllle.
ELLA HCnT. Coastlnc the Chutes, and a
Great Show.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) EVEN'INO.
AMATEUR .INAFORL MINSTRELS.
Phone for Keats, Park 23.
LOAN EXHIBITION
OF PAINTINGS
By Celebrated Artlnts. Including Millet's Fa-
mous Picture
"THE MAiN WITH i'HE HOE."
ONLY ONE DAY MORE. -
From 9 a. m. till a p. in.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART.
'or. of California and Mason Street*.
Adml»»lon 25 cent*
A Brilliant Christmas Display
Limoges China. Imperial Crown Cfina,
Austrian China. Royal Bavarian China.
COME JUST TO LOOK
Great American Importing Tea Co*
CHINAWARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE.,
Bet. Sutter and Post Sts.
861 MARKET. 9pp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
Hales. | Hale'».
* . • *
Jt, 1M a veritable dreamland — dolls! r^£3f*k ii.
« j] : dolls! dolls! the variety Is great. "*** -tT-
J. A *-*- <.<. but the wonderfully low prices are >*f-?Afii^ij &•>
* -1 _. 1 I the main feature of this wonder- '•••pV^ft^ —
•§ II II I I ful exhibition; our dolls are per- /)W^*i *T
*Vl\/AX feet; we have no cripples; dolls jfi-' \J jj 5_
1 -m with broken noses, scarred cheeks i?&k*&&ii\ **
Jt iQTirl and scratched ears or fractured \<^-^- «*V^ • a"2»
~ XCLXi vL legs are not admitted here. "7fWi l l |l
* Ssv^giiri ' dressed dolls. ifl r-K. I
JSJf and arms, 8 Inches !iU-h. bisque heads, longhair, eyes A>!s; \*\t -2»
f onl > »3o that rpen and »hut. hand- ,[-l2»j?
V "Topsy a .! n'ly" somely dressed, hat. shoes CJQH \V»^£j * •
* dolls; a dressed rac doll that «"«1 stockings and everything MT*Cfc &L
is a novelty: a plcanlnny one complete; clothes can b« at V
* moment : and a white child «•— «*• •»« »-« *. ,c • /*
A the next; chanires clothes as ulten oft and rut on - M 1r
*; well 3Oc Inches high »--:.« m» 2
dolls *
«^ with' kid bodies, btsqne heads, eyes that open and shut. »h «■ and st<vklnrs th.nt m.
«£? come off: bisque hands. Jointed leu* and arms; llnht an dark hair, C Inches hlnh: **
•• a very fine doll, only >•.-."» j^
I games— games— games f
f .^.j^s^Ji crokinole boards
*' ■ - ' t --. ; f^-. y^Bßffjrwtl an lntcr tln « •"*' •klllfnl r^m<«:
"^ ■feCßlf J>" ' ."' s'-j' V / r >^^*^^V\*s/^5 P'^y^ for hour* by jr.unc arJ old vST
* ■, ■ ,'■'',' f'i * :■" .' ■ L ■ - ( alike; on the i«arrv prtn--l|.|.> am bll A.
"Z* *^^^ii>"-^o^^ ; 3?^^^Sv'%^Hf Hards and equally as tnt»-t*»tlnc to ;J
J^ iv^^^^'ti'^S^S^^^^^^ '' la> alMl 10011 on: nn>? '• ° l " n of «he»«
*; ' >," 'V ■ v'' I *."- .'.'>*••' '« boards left, while they last, onty ji
oty> •S^^S»T' : .. l f^S J r **''■-: 1^ itJM i»
t yacht race tiddledy Rg^j -^
A li /A'LX 'i//\ t*^" retains Its In- r i* 1 Hn .hi | »ii/ •*
•J? =«V»\\?S^7V\V^ia terest up to qulrln* Just V; l^ir YIJ NfY 5
& Iv tS^fr lh c nioment enough skill KftrTO^-_y> '■ ;■. , jv ty ' . .> -. —
V E^S£^ys£*z*£££!g "hen the win- V) nißk^ it /2y~-^^o^\^.^f\ tj"
"s* .^r^^"^ ; ''^S^^sr i -~*is rr " * BP " ttif * ex c ••" il|nfr 'y /J/ J v"£lj"/v^S> si )?■
V ocean; while f„ r rilftylni lb^^^X--Tp3S^sf V
4* they last 100 >n: . luc •• <J,
t^ fish nontl chcMsindin
•Si an old game In a new dress, only Re a new dellichtful rarr.e played by th« n»- —
~ .  tlves of India, only S3o TS"
•■ bT'ntcils 2
T* boards 25c naval war «Z>
4* anew Came of baseball g-^ibjt*^ ha, • -
9 . onl y IUC waters, only ,-»Oc
I V"JK&'aKSS handily 6 dozen toy truck. *
T* ... and very lntertstlns; a few at.. * useful two-wheel toy; while they Ust. £2L
». sOc onl >' l»c <ach
** commercial t^avelc" Hu »nut* perfumcrv *$?
J^ a Bnme that will tearh the youngster , dainty perfume for a Christmas ?• ft tn O_
Bomethlnß of business life, only lSc a pretty bottle, only !?T... .ftl)o
4+ Ynleaml Hni'var I Manila bloc it
,>. football game; a new large game, em- an lnter«*tln« and Instructive scroll ru«-
«sf bracing many of the fine points of chess He game of the country In whU-h fu« *3L
J. and checkers, .nly lE>e eral I>awton was killed ...sO©
•^ free lessons in embroidery every morning *£
jfc "the store r^UM-JF *ffl A "the satis
4* mother factory a
4+ •'•- • T^ ,fIL
T; 933-947 Market street.
4* 4^
5t **«f»«l****4»** ; i-*Ti4»4»*l-4»*4-* 4*4*4»^4*4i^
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATERS
THE HOTTEST THING EVER
ARE
" "THE HOTTEST C3ONS IN DIXIE."
And They Ar»» Do Ins; a « "treat Bjk Business.
REMEMBER THE TWO MATIN
SATURDAY and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS.
Forty Leading Colored Sinners. Comedians and
Specialty Artist*. Inrludlnir th» Fa-
mous "CLORINDY" r-HORUP.
SPECIAI-r-NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT, PEC. 24.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Presenting for the Flrnt Time In Pan Fran-
"cumbfrTand '6! »
A THRILLING PICTORIAL PLAY.
12 ENTIRE NEW SCENES.
EXTRA MATINEE MONDAY (CHRISTMAS
DAY).
SPECIAL.
Tuesday. Thursday and Friday Afternoons,
December 2Cth. 2*th and 2Mb, at 3:13
o'clock, the Only Appearances of the
Renowned Russian Pianist, ,
vladi.v^ pACHMAIN,
RESERVED BEATS II 80. 11.
On sale at Rherman. «liv A Co.'s Music Store.
gTEINWAY PIANO USED.
COLUMBIA A>
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
The Distinguished Actor,
mr FREDERICK WARDE
Together with MR. and MRS. CLARENCE M.
BRUNE aad an Excellent Company.
TO-NIOHT (Last Time) ... . "RICHARD III"
Thursday and Sunday Night*
"THE LION'S MOUTH"
Friday Night "ROMEO AND JULIET*
Sat Mat.. .."THE MERCHANT OF VENICE"
Saturday Night. "VIROINIUS"
Sunday "THE LION'S MOUTH"
SEAT SALE ! Beginning XMAS NIGHT,
fin-tic L'eblc * Co. prtion*. HALL
wP'llS C» " ? poworfal p!ty, tho
:-VV CHRISTIAN.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ONLY THREE TIMES MORE OP
TAR and TARTAR
Presented by a Oreat Cast and
FERRIS HART/V\AIN.
Last Time "TAR AND TARTAR" Friday cv».
OUR ANNUAL EXTRAVAGANZA! I
Gorceous Holiday Production of
"LITTLE 80-PEEP"
NEXTS TLRD\Y IVENING.
SEATS ARE NOW ON SALE a Week Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES— 25 and 50 cents.
Telephone. Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
ANOTHER OVATION TO —
ERiNEST HASTINGS,
The Funniest Comedy en Record.
"DR. BILL!"
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WCEK— Bcginntna with
Christmas Matinee,
CHIMMIE FADDEN.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rii. i. ES?I0 ; Krw York, E. FOUGEJU 4 CO.
SOLD fiT ALL MRMMMm
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. DEC. 10.
Parquet. >. any »•-•• Balcony, lOr: Chil-
dren. lCc. any rart.
LA SYBPHE,
The Most Sensatlonnl Dancer In th» World.
HARRIGAN,
The Funniest Jutr*.W of Them All.
MR. AM. MRS. MILTON ROTLE AND CO
In "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE"
OEOIKSE FULLER GOLDEN.
Fuller of Funny Stories Than Ever
Aluo r?r:F ITni1 Tni Rf'TLEDGE. MARIOX
and CLARA LLEWELLYN TUB AVFRTaI
HAMILTON HILL ajidjhe BIOGRAPII . *
Special Matinee Christmas Day.
TICKE NOW ON SALE
THE PEOPLE'S PLAT HOUSE
Eddy and Joa»i Bti. PHONE iOCTI 770.
: Our advitnre »«le proven concfu- ":
: »lve|y that the •Trouhadors" have- :
• won popular fa%-or. :
TWO WEEKS. ...
BUT ONE VERDICT.
The Oreot»»t Golorvd Js>»w nn Earth
BLACK PATH Troubadours
Everjthlns; New and Up-to-Dat*.
MAT". SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
XTRA MATIN KM \S
I'OPULAR PRICE*
Evening I3c. Be, Ctf, We and T^u
Matins i.v- ;.v. r.<? and We.
Next- #t FINNIGA.VS BALL."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE. MAIN 531
ONLY THIS WEEK
Strauss' Delightful Walti Opera,
DieFledermaus
(THE nAT.)
IN" ENOLISH
Received nightly with r -irs of .lighter and
enthusiastic applause.
A mural for «ally disposed married mea.
NEXT WEEK— "SINfIAD."
DAVID HENDERSONS VER3ION.
PRICES-Mc. Sic. Re. Isc. 10c.
Good reserved seat at Saturday mi!ln«*, Be.
Branch Ticket < Emporium.
OLYMPIA c'o o »°i2;6»
Th» only free \audevtlle show In th« city.
THE BILL OF A LIFETIME.
MOHRINO BROTHERS.
Tb« Modern Gladiators.
CAD WILSON,
The Klondike Queen and the Only Millionaire
Boubrette on th.- st.ic*>
HASTINGS AND HALL
And a Host of First-Class Vaudeville Star*.
A $10,030 bill and e&ittltiat. boilt of naj-
g(ta, btltifiog U CAD WILSON, cxa k> mi li
th« ihiw winJuw of M»ant« V»i DM, 811-
Bit llarkot BtrMt.
ADIUFSION FRFE AOVISROM FREE.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB 1900
Winter Meeting. December 13 to Dec. H. la-
elusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
F!ve 01 mere races each day.
Races »Urt at 1:11 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at II m. and
U:in. 1. 1:30. I. 2:*> and S p. in.. eonn»ctlnr
with trains stopping at the entranc* to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la.
die* and their escorts: no smokln*. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Han Pablo av*nj<*
electric cars at Seventh and Bmadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric car*
mn dlrrct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returnlnz-Tralns leave tht track at • 15 and
4:45 p m. and immediately after th* last r»c»
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
It. U. MILKOY, Secretary
78
ASSAULT ON NEW
FOREIGN POLICY
Stand to Be Made on
Bacon's Resolutions.
♦
TEXT OF THE DECLARATIONS
WAR WITH SPAIN NOT WAGED
FOB CONQUEST.
It Is Demanded That the Administra
tion Fulfill the Fledge It Made
Before the Opening of
Strife.
_»
Special Dispatch to The ill.
n. Dee,
i Of MM 1 *
i
■
Itlttt
;'. .1. -
•.lion
■
toward '
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1?-The. Joint
resolution* upon the Philippines Intro
<lurod in the Senate yesterday by Senator
Haron of Georgia were Known to a. num
l»r of Democratic Senators before being
jirosrnied to the Senate, and the lmpres
non R«th«>r<tl is that they will be the basis
of opposition in debates on the Philip
rinojs. The text of the resolutions!) which
were can-fully prepared by Senator Ba
con, is i>s follows:
-
Second— That In d>msnilirj and receiving
the ce**lon of the Philippine Island* it U not
the run*'** of the t:..vrrnn;.-x»t of the tnlt-U
h:atr* 10 nt-.-ure and matmaln i>ermanent
floniinlnn over tht» umf uy .. |.urt of the terri
tory of ih«> Tint**.! Mates, crt»r t» jwrmanently
Inrorj'Cirate the ir.hal.itnntu tlnreof n« citizen*
<» the United State*, .t t<> h"ld *aJd Inhabit
ant* an \ai-snln ( .r hulJ.i-ip .if this Government;
«n<J the fnltnl States hereby ,)\- :,r.;u any
Ji.tentlun to t^t-rribe ]T-rman<-nt nov.reisnty.
Jurixdirtlnn «r control over »ald Inlands.
Third— Tl:at th- fnlt.-«l States, havinc nr
ceptrd the ri-Mi. Ntn <>t the I'r.lliiij.tr.e*. or hav
lr.g by fnrce of atms <ivorthn>wn <>p|v»sttlon
t.. t!ie BUthoritv «.f th- I'nltrJ Mates tlier-ln
'I" '""ty ui-.d otoilfUlOß ml uik.ti the L'nite.J
ht*ten to re«i<re |i-a.- a.;id maintain urder
throuKhmit th- t-umv. to i nite.-t in said islunjfc
Ilm> . i:j.i\rjx-r.t .it life !(ti d i.topcrty ami the
1 i'r*"j!t <.f lawful avocatloai and tii continue
MJfh vrotPTtlori uritii the power and iluty to
rmlntain Kald y»rot«rtjon riliU have been trans
t«ti.-.i and inti-uytc'.) by the rnlt<--l States to
n Kovf:«ment of the people <f Mid Wand*
iif-etned raiaMi' and tii.rthy to exercise said
power anJ Uin'harKe said duty.
■ ■■
■
■
■
■
■
■
[
phall I
■
■
- ).fr ti
■
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
■ " :
■
■ . Waller N.
■
■
Stio
■'■'''■' • •■■;;■..
—
• will hold
■
■
I Stlt.-
Honrv IS. Oia:nl>«rlln has bfpn an
lMiintcJ substitute cirrl.r and Theodora
Hono.iu substitute clerk in the Frc.«no
postofflcCi
NOMINATIONS CONFIRMED.
■ ■• ■ • • • •
ConHUl»— A. J. Ilaehr of Nebraska at San
to*. Hrar.ll: \V. H. Uavtn of Ohio. Alrxandrctta
Turkr-y; I*. Iyx-ber of Ohio, at l-ninneidorf'
• J'-rniatiy; It. E. Jiun»fl<*l«l of Indiana, at Z»nl
».il;or; K. Watt* of IVnnaylvanla. at Klncfcton
Jnmalra; H. W. Harrta of Ohio, at Mann
lirlm, CJfrmany.
B. I*. Klnc»t>ury. to he Surveyor General of
CTasblncton.
Herri vcrH of Public MoiWT'— A. J. Apf^moa
nf <»rrßun. ct •M Ala«ka: K. M. Koote. at
RvaMtoß. Wyo.: J. P. Scott, at Perry. O. T.:
e». S<-rll,nrr. at Vlßalla, Cal.
JuMlrm of the Court of Prirat* I^and Claims
— J. H. HffA of lowa, W. F. Stone of CoJo
r»<1o. H. r. Slum or Kan«a*. W. W. Murray
df TVnnwuws. T. C. Teller of North Carolina.
O H. Kumrnrn of Or«*on. AH>r;. of Mcr
r»mn«l!«# In the DlKtrlct of Willamette. Oregon.
JtivJlan A«c«-nt»— Major G. W. H. Slouch. U.
R. A., rr^'r- for the Cheyenne and Arapahoe
mrency, Oklahoma; W. K. Ixruti Blackfoot
nifnry. Mnnuina: Ira. Hatch. Cheyenne Hlver
Rjrcnry. Fouth Dakota; 4. E. Edward*. Cruw
tpti-v, Montana; A. A. Armstrong. vit
Ajihrhe. Arizona.
roFt»a«er»: California— H. B. OainMi.
Crockeu; 11. H. Meyer*. Tub* City; A. L.
Paulnen, Weaverville.
Arlxona-P. U. Hudson. Clifton.
GROW IN DEFENSE
OF IMPERIALISM
Praises the Course of
the Administration.
TALKS OF "LOGICAL RESULTS"
DECLARES AMERICA MUST HOLD
TEE PHILIPPINES.
Conprt*ssman Bell of Colorado At
tncks the President for Declar
ing the Country Is Pros
perous.
: I
WASHINGTON. Do 19.— The House
was In session two hours to-day. largo
number of perfunctory resolutions for
printing; for committees, leave to sit dur
ing session, etc.. necessary to pet the
committees under way, were adopted and
the several portions of the President's
messaße distributed la accordance with
the usual custom. Speeches were made
by Grow, the venerable ex-Speal;er of the
House, in defense of the administration's
course In the' Philippines, and by Hell, a
Colorado Populist, criticizing the Presi
dent's utterance upon the prosperity of
the country. Scores of members left
for their homes this afternoon to spend
the holidays.
:■:•■• tO-d&y I.ontZ of
■
litigating the Robei I -
• ■
•■f the two i"i.
Payne then presented the resolution Jor
the distribution of the President's mps-
Bag« to ihe various committees having
jurisdiction. I*ayne said that Crow, the
venerablt; ex-Speaker of th.- House, Je
sired to address th«- House for forty
minutes upon the resolution, and it was
arranged that the Democrats should have
iin equal amount of time if they desired
it.
Grow read a carefully prepared ?T>eech
in defense of the polio' of retaining pos
session of the Philippines as a logical re
sult of the war with Spain and Dewey*s
victory In Manila. He said the people of
the District <>f Columbia would have just
us much right to rebel linst th»- author
ity of the lint. States as the people of
the Philippines. '.The copperheiuls" of
ISQ«CS were succeeded by the "anti-im
perialist" of to-day. Both sought to em
barrass the Government.
Bell of Colorado submitted son;
- In criticism ■•; the statemei
ibout the pros
country, i !••
• 1 that .i lar>;.' proportion ■
titioi:« and iti
■ of the numerous lndus
.l. h, he i aid had been
• .th wind ited.
bubbles has been pricked
and to-day the
Wall *•'
k.- briefly In op
r»n to <;r • |as| Kri
day rhiit '
m< Ml : i ' -Id."'
The n-solution was then adopted.
Mercer <>f Nebraska :uinounced the
death of the lnte Senator Hayward of
Nebraska, t«nd the House ut 2:05 p. m. ad
journed.
XEW GAME LAWS.
»D CITT, l■■ ■ The B art
f S::n Ifal ' • ' :•■ yes
' an ordinance
sh....tlnK of game upon
i>rivat>- premises without th>>
I also makitiß it a mi«
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
; vrißht. IW*. hy II H. Kzbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Tuesday. December 19. IS99.— Fiftieth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track heavy.
jos a. MURPHY Pmldiar Jud**. J } < raROUBON Ptarter.
jQi | - rfOOSS; lulling; maiden I Ids; POna, *350.
■ ' ] ; i " [Betting.
In<!ex. Horse. Weight. Si. \m. «-..m. Km. Btr. Fin. , Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
_______-___—. . ' ■ I. ■ -
i ■ ■ — :
s ??«&=£ i ;■ It 11 ... IS ' Sip s
:i: ih v **::::::::::::]■■:. ; :.: ;.: ... :.. n,, r>n m v
ni'VMUM^I 1-4 ... «= *2 ... 4'i Henry 15 «
.ntin- 105; W ... c: *2 ... 4>* Henry » »
--C FMkKihß 10S 2 ... 8 5 7 2 ... El oilman 6 19
4 C™ia ".?.......- 07 3 ... 6H 4h ... 6>* Thorpe 6-5 1
11 HJiarv I<* 1 ...11 2h ... 7 1 Fr.untleroy ... 12 20
«i r* rum 10v « ... M 5 1 ••• * Hennessy 12 30
~-l Tal™™ :"•.•.:/::... 1W ' ... 9« « ... >• g Stuart 30 40
Mv r'wM IK 12 ... 7»4 10 ... 11 Songer 5 1j
i» *m.v o?'the Hiii;:::io-.i ? ::. « « ... » i. pqwch —so 5?
Time— H 13: *« :27: ■*. I:O2 Vi. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Wlnr-er John" MeCafTerty's br. r." by Fordham-Old Mis?. __. - - .„,-«_
Winner rolled In. Pol Vista will do Vantlne will win shortly. Frank Kuhry. cut off.
made a good stretch run. /Corolla Is Of little account. Hilary "dorred 1 It.
.q. m en: wta furlontrs: lhr<>e-year-old|. and upward: purw, J3OO.
— — ~| " " I Betting.
Index. Horse. Ac- Weight. St. >im. V.m. %m. Str. Fin. ; Jockeys. Op. Cl.
476 lnverary 11. 4 104 6 7 7 7 41 11 Helnson 40 100
4,4 True Blue ; 115 " 8 1 11 1 M 11 2 2 Henry 3 4
S a <'. 107 1 14 5 : <1 ah 3 3 Thorpe •" '■ M
t^ IX-"cUL. J:: :: 110 2 •• 2U »h 2% 4 1 Ilulz 40 60
4T« Poripo 4 NT 4 &'4 4 1 CC 6 1 •• 1 T. Barm 12 M
47* Il.iirtiV,!,. ?. 11213 4^ 66 r. h 1«4 «2 Ppencer 6-2 7-2
4'^ KTlrando. 4 U3JS 2_«i 3 1 3i, 7 7 M Heriten 15 S»
Xim«^-Vi :i3«i ; »i. -.STH: '»• IJWHI ".. 1:30*4 Good start. Won eatlly. feecond and
third driving V."lnn«r. Simsrt Stabl«'i br. «.. by Im?. Invernea»-MIM Darebln.
True l»!u<» phouid have won. li.-nry. through payety, tossed the race off. Torslda ln-
terfoted with ihmueh stretch. Heartless quit.
Bchtller IK.
a (\(\ THIRD RACE Five furlongs; selllnß; maiden two-year-olds; purse. $KO.
I 1 I Bourn*.
Index. Horse. Weight. Bt. Vim. %m. %m. Ptr. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. «1.
424 Wilt Fay 10.1 4 ... I H 11 11 111 T. 8urn5...... 5 5
4Cfi Uppercruit I«U ... SI 2 1 in 2'i Henry 12 25
4W Artilleryman 10R I ... 62 5h Sh 3h Thorpe 5-2 9-2
4CC HI llv Moore 10S 3 ... 2 »i 3 1 4 1 4 1 K.Jones 7-2 6
400 <Jrazla 105 7 ... 4>* 6 3 6 3 6«4 K. Hop. 6 9
141 Caesar Young .....mi ... B2 4'i SI II niiilman 6-2 8-5
44S t'rohln 10! 8 ... 7 1 7 5 7 6 710 Rail « 12
23 I^izle Ijonir \K' 9 ... S * T 8' 8 Carter 12 40
473 FirHlßht II 101 >. Pulled up ... II Bergen.. .. 12 40
Time— \i. :13; »i. :37: H. 1:024. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, George
W. Miller* b. k.. l>y Free Knlght-Tlhadamantha.
With a good ride I'pi-x-rcruat should have scored. Artilleryman pocketed half the route.
Caesar Young sulked. Urchin ridden the overland.
ItNTBTH HA«*lC— i>ne mile; seWnf; thre*-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Wcirht. St. !im. l«m.l «m. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. . Cl.
... r.-irda. 4 109 3 11 21 11 lh 11^ Morse T 3
479 Hod Pirate, I 103 4 ( ■■, 4! 2>£ 2H 2 3 Devln 10 ]♦
4S« Hilly McCloKky, 6.. .112 6 c 54 4h 3h 36 Henry 12 40
(47'!) First Call. 4 107 2 32 34 31 «i 42 Thorpe: 1' ' 1
4JS Silver State, a 1» 1 : 4 6 I r. 12 530 T. Burns 15 11
459 F.I Estro. 3 101 5 2 1 ■.). S3 I I R. Uosn 5-2 13-5
Time— 'J. * :S1: »i. 1:16 V»: mile, 1:43. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner. J. J. Donovan's h m.. by Strathmore-Zuhlan.
Winner ix>unds the best. First Call ha« bad underpinning. Ki>tro stopped as If hit
with a brick.
I . __
ACkA ITKTII BACBV Seven fur)<>n«:»; all a«;es; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. - »im. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl!
(4:.l) Timf maker, 5 114 4 24 22 24 23 lnT. Bums "To 1
477 Deooy. 2 94 2 II 1 * 31 32 32 2 3 T.Walsh i 6 10
4.M Dr. Nembula. 3 10T.I 3 4 11 121h 310 Soncer 3-2 8-3
474 Sunello. r 86 1 3! ' _J 4 4 J. Martin. 6 12
Time—",;. :13>4: H. :37V»: H. ltfl'.i: Ti. l:2Sli. Good start. Won first three driving
Winner. J. F. Schorr's b Ii . by Imp. Kantakn-Nellle Stanley.
Decoy was best. Burns outrvde Walsh. Dr. Nembula Btopped. Eunello has lost his
speed.
. _
4Qsfc SIXTH RA<TC-Mlle and a sixteenth; selling; handicap; three-year-olds and up-
■ W» ward; puree. W'X).
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. lop*""*."
401 Osculation. 4 93 4 2 2 ? j 13 15 15 T. Wa15h...... 6-2 6-5
... Faunette. 6 107 5 7 I 42 32 23 Vlttltoe 5 4
SasSrgiis 'I [i 2 4 2 1 31 H Ptuart :5 in
44fi Stuttgart. 3 3 61 r. 1 6 1 « 1 4 2 Phelan .'.l.'.' I «
IS Mls^oak n 7' n - 4.. 10s 2 4h 43 * r. 1 SI S3 HenneUev ::: 6 5
a Se^fforjr^ i_jj_i? ?n? n r- v ii™ y i y i
S^*^%*s« &«SL ! 13-H. 1:224: mile. 1:43; 1 l-16m. 1:484. Poor start.
Yum y ' "'"■■* an<l thlr<l *W«» Winner. Alumeda Stables eh. m.. by Salvator-Yum
SitSeTgb^.^'S: J?" 1 " tOml> '- ""« QUU - Judß; Wofford BUlked -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1899.
Sports of the Day
BOXERS ARE READY TO
BATTLE FOR SUPREMACY
GEORGE BAKER of this city and
William Martin of Ia« Angeles
will appear before the Columbia
Athletic Club, at 28 Golden Gate
avenue, on Friday evening next und
settle the question of superiority
with the padded mitts. They are to
go ten rounds for a decision, and both
men re training hard for their bat
tle. At their last meeting:, before the
San Francisco Athletic Club, Baker
and Martin fought an eleven-round
draw. Th.- lively exhibition put up
by these men decided the Columbia
Club to match them for the main
event of its evening's entertainment.
Both men are clever and are consid-
red to be stiff punchers, and as each
has deposited $100 as a side bet there
will certainly be a warm time within
the padded arena when they renew
hostilities.
This tight Is not the only good one
•ior to shoi>t any kind of grame up
f.n ihe county roads and public highways.
a penalty not to exceed UN is imposed
for h \ lolatlon of the ordlns
This action was tnkon on account of the
nt complaints of property owners.
lally those of the north ■
• .- been greatly an
by San Franclsc. hum.rs. who
i habit of shooting promiscuously
upon t!-.< county highways and upon pri
rty bordering thereon, greatly
to the annoyance and sometimes cosi
v!.., r . tl •• owners of poultry and
barnyard ajilmals.
George Baker and W. Martin
to Renew Hostilities in
the Arena.
to ho seen that night. •Toby" Irwin
of the Observatory Club and Tom
Murphy of the Columbia Club have
been specially engaged to go eight
rounds at 123 pounds. They were
chosen by tne club managers to take
the place of the Ryan-Vickera tight,
and will undoubtedly put Up a good
exhibition.
Nearly as great Interest centers In
the bout between "Mike" McClure
and Dan Regan as in the main event.
McClure la looked upon as one of the
leading amateur welter-weights on
the coast, and Regan baa a reputa
tion of being a hard man to defeat.
The men will tight at us pounds.
Judging by their past performances
there will be a short and fast light.
The two other bouts to be Presented
m II'" tW r. en Charles Thurston and
m 2n l h0llns " at m pounds and
James Hlgglns and^Tosepfi Bell are to
go eight rounds at 132 pounds.
GUS RUHLIN
TOO STRONG
FOR CONROY
Akron Giant Given the Deci
sion Near the End of the
Seventh Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
H«hu on Ruhlln'a rfbi "nio^Tth k,i
•ir tV»,  i "r stopped the bout
near the . nd of the seventh round
LEASHMEN
WILL COURSE
ON HOLIDAYS
Attractive Qrds Offered by
Union Coursing Park and
by Inglesidc.
I^k^Tof.T", 1 ° f the Unlon Coursing
'X- f unusuaJ quality.
in li  i ... V.i ■V"r"". '"- »-'l bred «n-s
Hushle-Naiiv* iP 1110 . n " Challenffer, by
s.-,nk. v-.mjls"; . .. v k ,;;;■;;; -»'• ';••'"« >>> mr
disabled b? a broke n i C £ mp^l!, lon - hc \ ns
sis aS«r?? H&j%asss
Kw^VV' " ( s .° b " "Panted by
SKpLJj. 11 * 1 ' tnoUKh t0 -«»« in'aSy
Of*NeSSk D an Old cou "Ins man
a Roni -r. -J) \i be represented by Oriole
C Dnhnn «h r Mou i Ualn Dew sapling. M
his^anch In i, 8C « d a . WeII b^one from
Th.r- vii » San Joa u «n Valley. •
mere will be no <•<. ursine at Union Park
on Chrlßtmj.s day, but on New Year's day
a ti«"r» 5 , cham Plon stake is expected to
th s ueek'^ attend ?nce. The draws fo?
SSoTSaiSt!" wi " bt> ht ' 1(1 at I>ythlan
own Stoke IU n« h Si, card this week is ■■
p[on 1811 8 1a a k^w,,? n be C dd h SdTd n . 3 Tn^ dV^r
P ark C ° FoTnv^ 'v he . ld V" Su "«Jay \T the
p.irh. V 1 or New ar's day the card will
fecVeaf/oPdf Btake ' Umidd tO d°B"d °8" ov2
FALLS DURING A RACE.
Dr. Withrow Destroyed and Jockey-
Frost Injured.
- NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 19.-Good weath
er gave wav to a heavy fop this after
nn?v '.ium l . t orses ln the las t rarp were
The trurl ll U Shabl a ln th . c last slxtoenih.
i)r ay' I .™ iL M rood I)MlIv Welthoff and
star, th» ;ii UJU J? row fell soon after
' ar l" ; i third race - and. breaking a
leg. had to be destroyed. Frost, who rode
I I'™:I I '™: h " a rib broken in the fall. The
?.^r i H. rdS rr 11 a H nn ° Un 5. this afternoon that
i«« 1 , •rd and Traveler would be al
suTts? n only on a good track - Re "
nH e il!/I e< " ix f »-L>ony Welthoff won.
inceptive second. I*hrlde third. Time, 1:15 H.
Mx and a half furlong— Gold Or won. Profit
cm' Tom fll 'more third. Time. l:ttu.
hhk- one nille_-pr. Walmsley won. Little
B»>ly wcon.l. The Brvwtr third. Time. 1:43.
t^oL!, nK if 0n L mlle-Trimock won. MeOleary
second. Martha Fox thlr.l. Time. 1:42^.
Mile ' and twenty yardn-Ulllan Rex won.
I.^l\n Byrd second. St. Wood third. Time.
INVERARY
SCORED AT
GREAT ODDS
Ring Laid 150 to 1 About the
Outsider— Baldwin Stable
Suspended.
When Frank Van Ness was trainer of
the mighty Morello. the then greatest
racer of the day, he was one of the most
talked about men of the turf. Since the
decline and death of that great horse Van
Ness has experienced many ups and
downs. Yesterday be sent a horse called
Inverary 1 1 to the post at Oakland track,
and again became a muehly-gosslj.eri
about individual. Inverary, a full brother
to Scottish Chieftain, trained by him. was
■ starter In the second event, and Ih6
books laid as good as 130 to 1 againrt the
brown gelding. In a hard drive the d—
spised outsider, piloted by an ebony-hued
rider called Heinson. reached Mi.- wire a
length before True Blue. Torslda, favor
ite for the race, finished third. Several
cf the books had their sheets spoiled by
taking small wagers on the winner.
i he track was slow, and it proved a
disastrous day for favorite followers.
Timemak^r and Osculation being the only
Ones to land.
Corolla, from the Burns & Waterhousa
stable, was installed favorite for the first
event, a scramble for maiden two-yesir
olds. but failed to get a mark. Billy Ma
grane sent Tuthlll to the post, and the
colt won hands down from Del Vista, La
Amiga ran third.
The second edition of the issue for maid
ens of the two-year-old division saw
Caesar Young go into the starter's hanis
favorite. With Bullman on his back, lie
sulked from the start, never looking dan
gerous. In a bard drive Tommy Burns,
with the leg up on Will Fay, downed Up
percrust half a length. Artilleryman,
badly Interfered with during the tour, ran
a bang-up third.
Uarda, a mare with quite an Eastern
reputation, started for the first time in
the mile selling run. fourth on the card,
and at odds of 4 to 1 won handily trom
Red Pirate. Morse had the mount anl
made all the running. The favorite. First
Call, ran unplaced. El Estro, the stanch
ly backed second choice, after showing
prominently for half the distance, sudden
ly dropped out of It.
Through the superior Jockeyshlp of
Tommy Burns, Timemaker was enabled
to defeat Decoy a neck for the seven fur
long run. The Schorr horse had a pro
nounced call In the betting, and In a
punishing drive earned the verdict.
Decoy would have won could little T.
Walsh have given him mure assistance.
Dr. Nembula was a close third.
Backed from 5 to I to I to 5, Osculation
gathered In the last event almost without
effort. Faunette. from the stable of W.
J. Spiers, took second place from Ping by
three engths. .
Track Notes.
The run of 111 Kstro in th<- fourth event
was such a. peculiar one that the judges
suspended th<- Baldwin stable as well ns
Jockey Eddie Ross. The matter will be
thoroughly Investigated.
Dave Bachman whs one of the "fortu
ri.it.-s" who played [nverarjr.
Kr»il Peach took a lc>n(.'. hard fall out of
Xl Kstr,>.
Johnny Coleman nu*\ to bump Time
niak»>r ;ir'd Osculation, and had a long line
after each had turned up winner.
Henry, who rode True Blue, tossed the
away. This Roman-nosed young
man has suddenly become Of Kreat Im
portance to himself and th»> betting public
as well, and is contemplating the »*reotion
of a hat factory. If during the progress
of a race he would attend to the piloting
of his own horse and not endeavor to foul
every other starter within a furlong of
him he, would stand h much greater
chance of earning the Victoria cross.
After many trials and tribulations.
"Quill" Morse rode a winner In Uarda.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; BelltßC.
251 Jack McCabe ...107 Ml Racerj' 107
UB Comet 107! M Ann Pa«e 107
... Hamlet 10; <44S)\Vhtte Fern ....107
394 Srhank.-n in? 31S Croker 107
4<s Furla 101 ... Nora I •- 107
36S Santello ll' IM St. Apolllnurlß..lo7
... Synla 1071 394 Jingle Jing1e. ...107
od rao»— On« mile; three-year-olds and
upward : gelling
4<>7 Whaleba.k I]] 417 Anchored uj
(4i>;>Faversham 117 456 Vlnctora 112
364 Poorlands 120 490 Stuttgart 112
Third race-Six furlongs: three-year-olds and.
upward; •"-llln<.
422 ' Idler 109 414 Don Luis Ml
422 C H Harrison Jrl"4 Ml Yaruba 10»
444 Grady 107 461 O'Connor I'M
4<.i> Terrene 104 3.12 Major Coot 109
400 Campus 107 437 Silver Maid 104
42. Meadowlark ....104 I 4CI Mainstay 107
355 il.elle 104 1 426 Alaska 104
Fourth race— One mile and a quarter; three
year-olds and Upward; Helling.
(40S)Dr. Bernaya 102 4?« Coda 99
M Dare II ; 97 4SI Meadowthorpe 110
4MS Dr. Marks 102 MO Perxonne •■ 90
334 Glen Anne 94 44'< Stromo 89
456 Owyhee 96 453 Ulm 94
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
M* BalMa I"*-' 4SS Tom Cromwell.
476 Grand Sachem. .lo7/ 455 Skirmish 107
393 Recreation 107,'/ 401 Be Happy 107
422 February 101H 491 True Blue 109
407 Lust Girl 107/ 4:..; El Salado 107
4"4 Loving Cup 11l
Sixth race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; sell
ing.
474 The Lady 107 ... Cllssando 100
460 Ailenna 103 391 Choteau 96
404 Aborigine IS 404 IfiM Madeline ..103
(4P2)Mcnt Eagle . ..105 17! Prestome 103
Mi The Buffoon 107 . ... Tan.vbe ill
(404)Bamboulla 106 346 Klckumbob 9?
(244)Armlstlce llOi 464 hi,, Princess. 100
436 The Scot Hl|
Selections for To-Day.
First men — Croker. Jark McOabe. Santello.
BeeOßd race— Faversham, Anchored, Whale
l.a.k.
Third race— Meddler. Don Lulu, Aiacka.
Fourth race — Dr. Bemayii. Owyhee. Persnnne.
Fifth race— lrving- c\xp. Recreation, Ballsta.
Sixth race— Hindoo Princess, The tady. Harn
boulla.
■ ♦ ■
Chessmasters' Tournament.
VIENNA, Doc. W.-The second round of
! Are You a Man, j
I t
♦ wßbw[""' — Offfe '■ ': •••:•:•.••. V- I Or do you feel the effects of youthful *
& ■ '^ivSß^-^'W^^^-'^^^ ■ ""discretion? Does your back ach-? °
♦ •mIT^II -^SsJSSr- 4 '•"•''•' 1 : Are your limbs drawn with rheuma- °
I -•■V-iW^j^f^^^^-'Vv*'-? •• tlsm and pa ' n you so that you cannot ♦
♦ If^li J-iE -' slee P ? Are you suffering from Vari- °
•* '^ l^^S^^'^^ C " B %: 5? cele « Emissl . ons > or any of those ♦
i y^^^S a * Elfictric Belt i
I jßHSi^^^^^^r^ ''■ ~~ will cure you ' as jt has thousands of o
♦ JBf^^^^^^iiip^^ others whose case was no different ♦
pTS) 1 \TMl7'i ~ r from yours. My patent FELT elec- 4.
tfri/^^"" 1 ? 3'^ ill! ft troJe cover prrv?nts any Burning or 1
I ' 'r, i W ; BlistrriPc. Write for my book, j
f \\A\ -'' -fifty 1 "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," J
!f^ m- ■ I yglir'iV which is sent tree 10 any aJdress, •
J/l Jf ™ » or ca " anc * consult me free of T
■•> / \ \jlMa^^ charge. Office hours— 9 to 6; Sun- *
1 " 13 <ir days, 10 to 1.
I DR. T. A. SANDEN, 18 THIRD STREET, 5
I 119 V, South Spring Stmt. Los Angelai, Cil.; Rniitl BnUding, Pertlud, Or. V
the National ChessmasterV tournament
was played to-night, when the resuiti
were as followB: Brody downed Schwijrz.
Kirtle defeated Prock, Alapln and Poslel
adjourned their frame, much In favor or
Alapln. Albin and Schlecter adjourned
their game on even terms. V, olf and /Itik
drew and Marocsy and Marco adjourned
their game, much In favor of Marociy.
RUDIE FISCHBECK'S
COWARDLY ASSAULT
PUTS PROFESSOR TOPPING TO
SLEEP WITH A KICK.
Loses His Gracie, Blames His Victim,
and When the Opportunity Ar
rives Vents His Anger.
Rudle Fischbeck, who has long posed
as a master of the manly art. has demon
strated the fact that the 'credit of all
of the fights he ever won was due to the
assistance of his feet after a knock-down
from behind. Last night about 11 o'clock
Rudle worked himself Into a sweat over
the loss of his Grade, and in consequence
Professor A. J. Topping— he who wields
the mystic cards— whom Rudie blames for
Grade's loss, is wearing his right eye in
mourning.
At the hour named Professor Topping,
accompanied by Frank Murray, manager
of the Prawley company, entered the Cor
onado saloon, Ellis and Powell streeiß,
for the purpose of enjoying a talk and
trying to enjoy one of Rudie's drinks. As
the friends walked to the bar Rudle, who
was behind the board, addressed" Murray
and suld that he would not serve his com
panion. Plschbeck then walked from be
hind the bar and invited Topping Into a
side room, under the pretense that he
had Important business which he wished
to discuss.
As Topping stepped to the door. Rudle.
without warning, ripped In a right swing
over Topping's eye. knocking him down,
and as he hit the floor his assailant kicked
him over the right eye. Murray and sev
eral bystanders hurried into tho side
room, carried Topping, who was uncon
scious. Into an adjoining room and up
braided Rudie for his cowardice. Tupping
was soon In a condition to leave the Joint,
and he wits accompanied by friends to
his apartments. Topping vows that ho
will even the «core with lit.- assailant, but
he will hunt grounds other than those oc
cupied by Fischbeck, as he is distrustful
of the unsavory gang that haunts the
place after th* night has fallen and tho
police are weary.
SACRAMENTO-RIVER BRIDGE.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
Judgment of the lower court In the case
of the county of Sacramento against the
Southern Pacific Company and the Cali
fornia Pacific Railroad Company. The ac
tion was to recover $13,000 and 20 per cent
damages. The California Pacific Railroad
Company joined with the county in a
project -to build a bridge across the
Sacramento River, which was to be 'ised
by the railroad and the overhead road
way by the general public, the latter to
be maintained as a public highway. The
county agreed to aid the railroad com
pany by contributing $20,000. to be given
in two payments, the construction to bo
finished by December 31. 1595. It was also
stipulated that if the company fallea to
keep Its agreement it would refund the
money paid by the county. The Super
visors were advised by the District Attor
ney that the contract was valid and the
first payment of $15,000 was made. In Oc
tober, l *>>- the county, upon the cia'in
that It never entered Into .i valid con
tract with the defendants, brought action
to recover the money already paid ami _T»
per cent as penalty. This was ba.scd
upon the claim that the contract was
contrary to the statutes, which require
plans and specifications to be furnished.
The bridge was completed according to
agreement and has since been used as a
public roadway. In the lower court Judg
ment went to the plaintiff, but the Su
preme Court says: "In the face of the
finding of fact quoted we are at a loss to
see how this money in equity or good
conscience belongs to Sacramento
County." The county certainty obtained
the benefit of the money expended so tno
higher court holds, but if In the future
the railroad company falls to keep the
bridge In repair or closes the thorough
fare, then the county may come In tor
redress.
Lady Saloon -Keepers at Outs.
Mrs. Mary McArdle, naloon-k
Howard street, betwe.-n Sec,,n<l and Third,
was convicted In Judge Conlaa'f court
yesterday en a charge of disturbing the
peace. Policeman McN'amnra and others
testified that on Monday, when she was
arrested, she was particularly demonstra
tive Mrs McArdle In h.-r own del
testified that Mrs. Uranvlll.-. who has a
grocery and saloon near ht r place
smashed one of her windows and got
some hoodlums to make offensive remarks
at her through the hrok.-n window and
throw stuff at her. which mad»- h. r angry
about the time the officers came and ar"
i her. She was convicted and or
dered to appear f'.r sentence this morning
Artists' Outfits.
Pyroßraphy. oil color and water color
outllta put up in nice boxes for CbrtetHMl
!>r>-sorus. Skins, wood nnrl leather articles
[or iMirninir. Banborn, Vuii & Co ;ii
Mark-t itl ' •
Accused of Stealing Pigeons.
Salvadore Carrpacrne. a boy 17 years of
age. was book.d at the City Prison ye*.
terday by Detectives Dillon and Crockett
on two charges of petty larcen/ and -me
of burglary. He is accused of breaking
Into the pigeon-house of Dr. \V j Bryan
•I'M Laguna street, and stealing •/ number
of valuable pigeons. Fie Is accused also
of having stolen a wat.-h from tli
pocket of Lionel Thlbault, tin I'm.- stie.t
last Sunday. Numerous complaints have
recently been receJred by the police from
owners of pigeons of their birds bei-u
stolen, and Campagne li raspected of be
ing the thlff.
Picture Frames.
Old Dutch. Flemish. Kn^llsh and pray
oaks, mat pllts and bronzes, with mat
boards In colors to match. Any picture
can be appropriately and reasonably rlttr<i
in our frame department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
The "Whale" Captured.
Much to the Joy of the residents of the
Mission. Detectives Fitzgerald and Gra
ham of Captain Glllin's division have suc
ceeded in landing James Condrlon. alias
"Jimmy the Whale." in the County Jail
where he will stay for the ensuing -!«
months. To the residents of the Mission
the "Whale" has lon* been a sour.-.- ,{
considerable annoyance on account of his
thefts of chickens, harness and kltch"n
supplies. The "Whale" was before jj U d •
Moßan yesterday and was sent UP for
MINE FIRED BY
THE INSURGENTS
Attempt to Blow Up
American Troops.
SOIL WAS TOO POWDERY
MEN ESCAPED WITH A FEW
SLIGHT BRUISES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Nov. 21.— Belated m.ill re
ports have reached Manila of an expe
dition on the island of Cebu last month
by a small force of American soldiers of
the Sixth Infantry which was repulsed
by the insurgents mainly through the de
sertion of native allies upon whom th.j
Americans depended. Two of the Amer
icans were killed and two wounded, and
In the force of native police accompany
ing them one was killed and four wound
ed. No ofllcial report of the affair ha*
reached General Otis, consequently the
censor refused to permit the incident to
be cabled, but the correspondent of th*
Associated Press has obtained an ac
count from a thoroughly reliable source.
The Infantrymen killed were Daniel K.
Adams. Company A; Charles N. Cotty.
Company A.
Wounded— William Stowell. Company
A. through chest; Bert liutchlnson. Com
pany C, through hips. •
The American commander at head
quarters ml town of CcbU received In
formation that a force of IndurgentM
occupied the village of Maulbaul on tn«»
west coast of tho island, that they wcro
levying heavy taxes and taking food .uul
horses and that the villager* would 'jo
glad to have them driven away. Captain
Walker look a detachment of ten soldiers
i aboard the steam launch Powerful on tho
! 14th of October and proceeded along tho
coast, stopping at the towns of Naga and
Carcal, where ten men were added 10 iha
force from each garrison. At the latter
town a body of 16w native policemen, who
were friendly to tiie Amen wua
mustered Into the service by tneir c-i<
tain, Sunor Majla. These natives wtro
armed with spears and bo. 03 and had but
a few guns among them. On the evening
of the 16th the Powerful reached Maui
baul and her passengers were landed
with dimculty. The- insurgents had re
treated ;o the hills, so tho force camped
for the night. Early in the morning it
was on the march. The Company C de
tachment acted us advance guard and tno
natives brought up the rear. For threo
miles they advanced along a narrow road
with the >• ■■■ on one aide and high clIHa
on the other. Finally they were cr:n
pellcd to tnter a rocky pass and ?vero
lorced to "march two abreast. Just as
they entered the im.-s then: »a.< a groat
explosion almost in their faces and t'.iey
were covered by a shower of soft dirt.
The Insurgents had prepared a gun
powder mine to annihilate the party, but
the soil in the rocks wiu so powdery that
the Americana suffered no Injuries be
yond bruises. The explosion was fol
lowed by a brief but exciting experience.
Immediately after the report Filipinos
hidden in the cliffs opened tire. Two
i Americans and five natives fell at the first
volley, which cairn from very short range.
The commander of the police was hit In
the hand and a pair of field glasses which
he carried were shattered. Tho polica
were thrown in confusion ami after a mo»
ment's hesitation they fell back and be-
K. 'i to run. leaving the few Americana to
bear the attack. This tho men of th*»
Sixth did bravely. They retired In g<v>l
I order carrying their dead and wounded,
i and returning the insurgent tiro with such
I effect thai eighteen of tho enemy were
! killed. The party returned to Mnulbaul
and re-embarked fr.r Cebu. whero they
arrived the following day with their dead
1 and wounded.
The conduct of the native police found
rome excuse In th^lr very poor equipment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEr
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write
Fr"f trial packages of a most remark-
able reme.: |] wn .»
will write the Mr it. M..dt<~ a l r r.*titut>-.
They cured so many men who ha
tied for y< |
physical suff.-rlng of lo««t man:
the Institut" has decidi ,
free trial ;
is a fa 'mem. and all nun who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting froai youthful folly, pr»-r;. i
loss of strength and memory weak
v.irtci>ceif »>r emadati ■
cure themselves at fa
The nmedy rußarly grnt«fiii
effect of warmtli and .<=..■■
tc. th»> desired l" ition. giving sti
and development )u^t wb n
It cures all the ills and troubU
come from y.-ars of mlsiis.' of tf-
ural functions and has been an abi *
■ In i'.ll canes A «
State Mrdl.al Institute
building. Fort Wayne. li.
you d( --f their :
rnptly. Ph*
Institute is d.-siroi.
class of man who ar.- 'it.ible to
home to be treated, and \\ ■
sample will 'liable them I
M n to lip cured of %t
the proper rem< , Th*»
Institute make* nn r
who writes will l>e s.-nt s free «mp;«,
rarefuly sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need h *
embarrassment rs ar«
to write with. ■
i visit OR JORDAN'S orcat I
(HUSEUH OF ANATOMY
i Ck 10S1 KiIZX? ST. bit fAtTX S.f . CU. i
\ r^r The L*rr«l An»ioa».cal Mima la l!i« T
m jJiJL,^ Mtr.l v •*.■-- er «n* c-ntnetrd m
9 11*91 S(.«o*.iw ca itta Coau. hit j6>"*i»
6 tJSI?I OR. JMOAM-PBIVaTE DISEASES #
\ flGßvl taawltatioa ft»e and «e«'r>» p^ » v
A I nw ■ Tr. im«ni prnoaaliir n by l-ft*» A A
T I W<« ■ A*.»m CW*inn«nrcat«aad«ruaca. T
aIP/l HA Wm . hr IV U. pail.aMlPlVtt 1
* I B' ■*•"•' ■»*.«■:. "tiiip r«a». i.\¥
i J (I" valuable book (of mm) \
f DR. JORD4> * CO. 1051 Market BL. P. F. f
rf wgSS k k —^^s Bh *1 vfl
DrPIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
_BLOpp.LIVER.HJNGS.
IB IMB A STOPPtU FREE
■ 1 %■ Permanently Clt
' j OR. KLINE S BREAT
I I W NERVE RESTORER
N» »'»" afur ftrtt <t»T"a w,
| (?«»••.•'«. j»r«.a»l . ■ tir mall. tr«»:!.- >al
,  S-^ TKI UOTTI.K PUT. P.
la Fit pau«ats who »a? nnrw.it •• m tfeU**rr.
/"rr»w»i»«ni iVi. •«•«•,» l»a>fx'«ry r»lUf. lb» ».!.»»».
row IHsnr4~rt fj|i»r.«». ,«nuii, «i, Tlttt*' mm*
p. r.Mki-^ i .1
•■■"•■ • -i ML
Wbbllf Call $1.00 w YearTHERE IS STILL
SOME HOPE FOR
THE OLD COLUSA
Was the Vidette
Seen Off Bonilla.
~ ♦ " ■ ■
"3ACE OF MISSING BARK
■» NUERG'S CAT HAS
COME HOME AQAi
Ship Carpenters Strike on the Trans
port* Grant and Westminster.
Rostufeld'a Sons Purchase
the ElLhu Thomson.
There 5s a chance for the ovcrJue bark
«"olnsa \n nrp^ar. Monday she could not
: aw >. . n reinsurednt any rtjruro; yester
day there were plenty of people ready to
gamble 021 the vessel* chances. News
cams from Victoria, B. C. a few days ago
to UlO effect that on November 1& the Co
iusa had been close Inshore at lionJlla
I'olat. She s truck on the rocks, when her
stern cwur.g inshore, but a briczc tpr&ng
up and the bark finally got out to *ea
: gain loiter the Indians of Dodge Cove
:ei-ortcd that the fame vessel had gone
.-own with all hands a few hours later.
Vh«s description of the vessel tallied with
: :.o Colusa.
All doubts as to the vessel that was
< 3 lionilla I'oint on November Ih wore set
. - :i>t yesterday when Captiiin Dodu ar
rived here from tho lark \ ldette. now ut
Itcdondo.
While on tier way to Pugct Sound the
Yidttte was driven past Flatten', aoid on
November IS *vas earned by the current
Dearly on top of Uornilla Point. Luckily
i.'io anchors ht-ld and the i'..^.^< ; was soon
over. There was no wind ana a thick fog
l.ung over the water. A couple of *hota
were lirvd to auraei attention from the
t»horv. but hhortly uiterward the wind
I > gall to blow irom the land, to the ;ui
<.m>r» were got In. sail »>ct and tn« Videlie
t«'t >>vi to na again wllh'out accident. She
1 hen proifvdtd to i'ut«-i Sound, loaded
lumber and 1m now at it<<londo.
i
I
The luit thu: It was the Vldette that
was at lionilla Point on November IS and
pot the Colusa does not lessen the mys
tery as to tho fate of the latter vessel.
After getting on the reef at Kahului and
petting oft a (rain In a damaged condition
che Failed for Puget Sound in ballast.
This was sixty days ago, and the only
T.tne tho vt^sel has been heard from since
: t- r departure «a» thirty-two days ago,
vti. n *h« was off Mattery. Still there are
plenty of men ready to gamble that "the
old bark" will bhow up ail right.
"And the cat came hack," and little
Dorothy Dresser of P3O Po6t street is
happy. Dorothy Is the niece of Captain
Marden, late of the barkentlne Jane A.
F.-ilkenberg. She I.x the owner of a big
Mack rat named Budge, which is the joy
<•: his little mistress life, but was the
bane of the neighbors' existence. Dorothy
l.ad to pet rid of the cat, ko she sent it
to sra with her uncle. The FaJkenberg
vis wrecked and the crew was rescued by
the Fteamer Walla Walla. Budge was
taJi«n off with the crew, but would not go
c board the M earner. Instead he jumped
<>vei board and swam back to the wreck.
The hull of the old barkentine was picked
up by v. tug and towed into Victoria. B.
<*.. and, very emaciated but ••■•till In the
f.r.fi." Budge was found In possession.
Dorothy wrote to the captain of the tug.
asking for the rtturn of her pet, and she
.•ilso wrote Captain Hall of the Walla
Walla, a>kir.g him to bring the animal
down- On Monday the Walla Walla ar
rived with Hudge aboard, and Dorothy
Dresser Is now the happiest girl In San
Francisco. For "the cat came back."
The transport Sikh arrived from Manila
via Nagasaki, alter a heavy weather nas
i-age of thirty-two days. She palled three
«":ays before the Rio de Janeiro, and the
letter T^spel beat her into port. The Sikh
brought four passengers only and no
trciglit. She will be turned over to the
owners ngaln In a few days.
The oflicers of th«» Rio de JanHro pay
the transport Valencia had a terrible time
between Manila and Nagasaki. It took
il.r* Rio peven days to make tho run,- but
owing to the unusually heavy weather
the Valencia was sixteen .lays getting
iicro?*. No one was injured on the trans
port and she was to pail for San Francisco
from Nagasaki v. few days after the Rio
<!( parted.
There ami a Ftriko of ship-joiners
on th»* transport* Grant and Westmln-
Fter yesurady The contractor was
rushing the work. In order to have
Special Attractions
...F"OR...
THIS DAY!
COO LADIES' ROCK COLLARS, in all ehades; will be placed
on Bale at 15«
800 pairs LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, will be placed on
•ale at ~ OOc pair
-COO BOOKS, value for 25c; will be placed on sale at 10c
OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF FEATHER BOAS WILL BE
CLOSED OUT AT REDUCED PRICES.
I
LADIES' GOLF CAPES AT REDUCED PRICES.
FUR CAPES AND FUR COLLARETTES WILL BE OF-
FERED AT REDUCED PRICES.
LADIES' AND GENTS' UMBRELLAS WILL BE OF-
FERED AT REDUCED PRICES.
LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
trimmed with applique; value for 140; will be offered nt $30.
One Price to all— Goods marked in plain — Store
open until 10 o'clock.
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street,
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
BARK VIDETTE, THAT WAS MISTAKEN FOR THE OVERDUE COLUSA
the vessels ready for sea to-day. All the
union men that could be procured were at
work, but more hands were wanted to
expedite the job. So eight non-union men
were put to work. The union men refused
to wor'.i with them, and then i he contrac
tor pot Indignant and refused to discharge
the "scabs." Then the union men walked
out and the transports are hefng finished
lus quickly as possible with non-union
j men. Trouble w.-us feared between the
I striker? nnd "scabs." and Officers Dillon
, and Dower were sent down from the Har
, bor police station, but there was no need
lof their assistance. The trouble will
I probably be adjusted to-day
The steamer Klihu Thomson will prob
1 ably be flying the house flag of John R«s
! enfeld's Sons In a few days. Tho vessel
! was practically sold last Monday, but
I there whs some hitch over a small matter
i and it had not been straightened out yes
, t onlay. The Thomson will continue in the
eonl trade and Captain Whitney will in
all probability remain in command.
A lighter In tow of the gasoline launch
Jennie C struck the collier Progreso and
started one of her plates. It will cost the
owner of the launch considerable money
to repair the damages.
GETS A WIDOWS PORTION.
Mrs. Ella Fowler Compromises With
Her Late Husband's Heirs.
W. D. Farrcn and K. Groenondyke, ex
ecutors of the will of tho late D. D. Fow
ler, have obtained permission from Judge
Coffey to compromise the claim of Ella
Fowler, the widow of the decedent, who
was disinherited by him.
The compromise is to be formally effect
ed in accordance with an agreement
reached December 13. By Its provisions
Mrs. Fowler is to be paid $1400 in ca^h,
and then- will be assigned to her one
third of the 100,000 shares of tho capital
Ftock of the Castle Dome Mining Com
pany, a one-third Interest of the estate in
the "Aspen Consolidated Mining Company
of Kansas City and one-third of any other
properties that may hereafter be found
to belong to the estate.
F. D. Powler and Nellie Bennett, adult
heirs and devisee* of the deceased. D. D.
Fowler Jr. and !Azz\e Fowler, minor heirs
and Kate Fan-en, a devisee, all agree to
the terms of the compromise.
The Original Little Lnu'iNiann C«». of San
Francisco-Drawing December 16. 1899.
No. <■".;. 4 wins $TiO>. sold In Fan Francisco;
No. SJ.CM wln» Co>vt, »old In San Francisco;
No 711 wins $1900. F^ld in San Francisco; No.
It 4C; wins $Jon. *<Md tn Pin Francisco; Nos.
44 tC7 and S5 OC6 «arh win t2V>. fold in Sun
Francineo. Cal.; No«. BM, 12.US. 53.r«33. 66.3T*
and Sfi.S'l each win $100 sold In San Francisco,
Sacramento. Cal.. and Portland. Or.. •
Origrinal Guatemala Lottery.
The fallowing are the numbers of the
principal priSM drawn In the City of Gua
temala on the l«ih day of Dec
• (iri^inn! Ouatenala Lotten - :
P^rse-Snatcher Caught.
Shortly after midnight last night Officer
Morrissey and Special "Con" Kelljr_ar
rested Henry Johnson, a barkeeper, and
charged him at the central station with
robbery. Johnson followed Mrs. A. Mey
ers, who resides at 237 Natoma street, and
when fehe was near her home grabbed
her purse, which contained about 160. Her
ctlch brought assistance and the purse
j»natch«T was caught. He denied the theft,
but when searched at the prison the stolen
property was found on his person.
THE SAN FHAK CISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1899,
ANOTHER "JACK"
IN THE RANDS
OF THE POLICE
Bumps Into Passing
Women.
HE IS CAUGHT IN THE ACT
PATROLMAN WILSON TAKES
HIM INTO CUSTODY.
k tbe Bumper" Is the latest fri :ik
. Into the hands of the police. His
other Hany Ockey. ii
derloln, and hli pecu
liar niamfei-tati i-racy is bump
•jm-n who may happen. In his
■ i y.
Ockey was arrested Monday evening on
Turk street, near Market, by Officer Wil
son, who had had his eyes out for several
days for the "bumper." He caught him a
minute after Ockey had bumped Into one
lady passerby and just is he jostled an
other, The prisoner, who feigned drunk
enness the mom he saw the policeman,
was sent to the City Prison, where he was
booked for disturbing the peace.
Any number of respectable women have
complained lately to the police of similar
treatment in the same neighborhood in
which Ockey was arrested. The appear
ance of their assailant and his metnod of
attack tally with that of Ockey and the
pastime in which he was engaged when
arrested by Patrolman Wilson.
In the Policu Court yesterday morning-,
when the case of "Jack the Bumper" was
called, Ookey presented an uninviting ap
pearance. He Is a pop-eyed man, about
33 years old. undersized and slightly
stooped in the back, l i is head is thatched
with thin patches of hempen hair, he has
a wisp of a mustache and a heavy growth
of stubble. His clothing was faded and
shiny and his hands needed washing.
Olltcer Wilson related to Judge Graham
what .he had seen of the actions of the
defendant Just before he placed him under
arrest, swearing 1 positively that there
could have been no mistake In Ockey'a un
pleasant attentions toward the women.
The policeman was so busy taking: care of
: his prisoner, who Immediately feigned
drunkenness, that he could not overtake
and summon the frightened ladles as wit
nesses.
Ockey took the stand In his own defense.
He did not deny that he had done as the
policeman testified, but said that he did
not • • member It.
"Well." said hie Honor, "will you say
that vi> i didn't? It's your word against
B!< era."
"I don't know. Judge." he replied. "I
't know what I did."
' >.k' ;. could i ■ ■ • to his
and was unable to nhow that h<*.
bad any mean! ■>( (raining .' t livelihood.
■ urt found him guilty and ordered
him I i bis morn! itence.
The police are of the opinion that Ockey,
them, baa method In
They believe that his rude
addresses to women are moves In the line
k. t-plcklng rather than amatory
■.dvai
NEVILLS EXTORTION CASE.
Supreme Court Evidently Not Satis-
fied That Crime Was Committed.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
Judgments in the cases of Elsie Williams
and A. Azhdcrlan, who were convicted of
the crime of extorting: $2000 from W. A.
Nevllls, the millionaire mining man. It
will be remembered that Nevllls and the
Williams woman were extremely friendly
according: to the testimony at the tilaJ.
The two pnrted after a time and 6he be
came familiar with Azhdcrian. who vas
the foreman on one of the mining man's
Fresno farms. The relations between
Nevills and the woman wen renewed at
various times, and- on one occasion he
gave her KHift.
The prosecution claimed that NevJlls
parted with the money under fear, the de
fendants having ,-it. Ned to expose the
relationship between Nevllls and the
woman if he did not do so. Tho de
fendants were convicted of extortion and
appealed to the Supreme Court. In 'their
appeals they laid special stress upon
errors of the lower court In Its instruc
tions to the trial Jury.
On this point the higher court Bays that
the instruction!* given did not correctly
present the law of extortion. A slight
rear on the part of the prosecuting wit
ness was not sufficient. "The statute can
'< only mean that the unlawful use of roe
or fear must be the operating or control
ling cause which produces the consent.
If some other cause were the primary and
controlling one in inducing the consent,
then there would be no extortion." The
Justices of the Supreme Court, however,
seem to take a different view of the case
from that of the trial jury. They review
the testimony, which shows that the
LONG-LIVED PIANOS
WFRFR Are Standard Pianos
t?p#tt ' —the Weber is one. ;
iVl\JjJulj We have them in Baby Grands and Uprights—
And 5 other makes Cash or installments.
di a Kino " y° u buy a poor piano with a useless guarantee It
rIAINUo. Is not our fault.
C. F. MARTIN SHEET MUSIC l 3 OFF TO EVERYBODY.
mandolins 1 enn ' ne Stradivarins and Amati Violin.
nc j GREAT BARGAIN.
Clark Wise & Co.,
OPEN EVENINGS. Cor. Geary St. and Grant Aye..
same friendly relationship existed be
tween Nevllls and the Williams woman
aft««r he had parted with his $2000, and
that he freely and voluntarily gave her
$.»0 later on. The lower court erred in
admitting considerable .Immaterial evi
dence calculated to injure the defendants.
SERVICES WERE SIMPLE.
Little Ostentation Attended the Fun-
eral of the Late Robert
Duncan Milne.
Simple In tho extreme was the funeral
of the late Robert Duncan Milne, which
t<u.k place yesterday afternoon from the
rs of the California Indertaking
Company. Powell street There wt-r.- no
tributes about the l>i«r and there
u< l. no pallbearers t.> escort the remains
to th<ir tinal resting place. Many who
knew th< writer of verse
and short stories attended the funeral
services, but there were f«-w real mourn
d ten tears. Borne were there who
man in life, admired him and
were truly Krlen-M for his untimely end.
The funeral services w« rr t > conducted by
Rev it Eastman of tii<- Ftrsi Presby
terian Church. Th.- remains were to
lin the Ma n Cemetery in a plat
t'. longing to Mrs. Roberts.
' oroner Hill lnqtiired into the oau?e of
<loath yesterday and a verdict •
turned that It was purely accidental.
CAR EMPLOYES FILE
MONSTER PETITION
REQUEST SUPERVISORS NOT TO
RECOMMEND LOWER FARES.
Further Argument on the Proposed
Orders Results in Judiciary Com
mittee Postponing Action.
The Judiciary Committed of the Board
of Supervisors net yesterday afternoon
to consider the prute&ts of the str
inies and their employes against the
-••> of the proposed ordinances reduc
ing oar faros to seven and eight tickets
< cilia to worklngmen and school
children during certain hours of ihe day.
L. Whlumai., .1:1 employe of the San Ma
id, jr. .-. m. a a monster petition
signed by about WOO employes of the vi
iiiits In this city, requesting the
committee not tv recommend the orders
tor passage. The petition stated that it
was the opinion of the signers that their
wuges would be reduced it the lower rates
were put into effect.
Chairman Bylngton remarked that the
companies must be very despotic If they
were using the proposed orders us a loop
hole to lower wages, and turning to Sec
retary Clayton of the San Maieo road,
said:
"Is your line waiting to reduce wages If
orders an- passed t"
"1 am not prepared to say what my line
win do." answered the secretary, "but it
will certainly have to protect Itself In
I m- way. and 1 do not know what tho
directors will do."
*;. T. Smith, cashier of the Ban Mateo
road, as an illustration, said that the re
o lota of the road for one da] were Jl>i >».
'i'lif- road carried .'{s per cent of the total
number of ] - D the hours
wh< a tbo lowi-r fares are to operate,
amounting to about $itt. if the reduc
are carried it will occasion a loss
of Jlfi.mw during the working days In one
Last it 173,000 was i>aid to con
ductors and motormen and their wages
would have to be reduced to meul the
f revenue, or else 2t> per cent more
travel would be required to make up the
.
To a question of Chairman Byington
as to who had prepared the petition Con
ductor Whit-man stated that he and sev
• rai others bad secured the signatures.
Motorman Williams of the Pan Mateo
Usdalmed that he had been forced
to come and protest at the instigation of
his employers, but he had done so of his
own free will.
K. P. B. Troy argued that reduced car
fares would result in an exodus to the
suburbs and receipts would Increase. He
argued that because the Market Street
Railway Company did not appear to pro
test it was tacitly In favor of the reduc
tions. He thought that as that company
carried at lea I H per cent of tho travel-
Ing public the plea of bad Investment,
which the other lines had advanced,
should not hold.
After the discussion Supervisor Algel
tinger said that though be w.is in favor
Of the orders when Jirst introduced. h«
bad Changed his mind since It had been
clear to him that wages would be
i if faros were lowered. Super-
Visors Attrldge and Black, who were
present by invitation, oxprossod them
selves similarly. No action was taken,
however, as Supervisor Phelpa was ab
sent and S Vote would have resulted In
Byington for and AigtMtinger against th«
measure.
Albums and Toilet Cases.
Toilet cases with celluloid fittings, al
bums, work boxes and collar and cuff
boxes In great variety. Good values and
at all prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
•♦ ■ —
It Is useless to acquire knowledge un
less you have a little common sense with
which to season It.
BATEMANS MAY
HAVE TO LOSE
THE CONTRACT
Their Last Extension
Has Elapsed.
— ♦
ASK FOR FIFTY DAYS MORE
PUBLIC BUILDINGS COMMITTEE
TO TAKE ACTION.
Architects Notify the Supcrr'sor?
That the Contractors Have Vir
tually Abandoned the Hnll
of Justice.
A strong likelihood extsts that th© con
tract of Hat. man Bros. ■ on the Hall of
Justice building will be taken away from
them by the city. At the meeting of tne
Board of Supervisors held December 1
the contractors were granted an exten
sion, which expired yesterday, when a
communication was filed with the- Board
of Supervisors by the firm asking for a
further extension of fifty days. As the
Public Buildings Committee did not meet
yesterday no action was taken, and.' con
sequently, the extension has lapsed and
the contract stands forfeited to the city.
The committee will meet this afternoon
to consider the matter. .. _
Chairman "Holland has received a let
ter from Shea & Shea, the architects, in
which it is stated that the building had
been virtually abandoned by the contract
ors, and that then* -yet remained consid
erable work to be done. The communica
tion reads as follows:
Edward Holland, Chairman Building Com
mittee: In reply to your communication
relative to the amount of work performed
upon the Hall of Justice by Bat. man Broth
ers during the last three weeks, covering
Hit- two late extensions of time granted by
your body, we will state that nothing has
been done except the changing of three sets
of doors. The building, since the decision
of Mayor Phelan relative to the locking de
vice, has been virtually abandoned by the
contractors.
There Is a vast amount of work yet to b«
done under the original contract and final
■affluent as follow*: Plumbing, $500;
painting, $800; plastering, WOOd Batch, hard
ware, glass, etc., |S0O; gratings for cell cor
ridors, elevators, etc., $1500; locking devices
for cells, $5500.
This work will consume much time, In
proper execution and demands Immediate
attention at your hands If the costly fit
tings now being placed are to be preserved
from ruin. We therefore ask for instruc
tions and proper authority to act In this
very Important matter. Respectfully.
SHEA & SHEA.
The Mayor is also In receipt of a letter
from the representative of the Jlrm to
whom the contract for the locking device
for the building was to have been award
ed. It reads:
Mayor James D. Pheian— Dear Sir: Tour
favor of the 13th lnst. to hand. asking If
Bateman Brothers have .1- yet made any
arrangements with me for the locking de
vice for Hall of Justice. They have not
as yet b«*n to see me or made Inquiry of
any kind. I understand from parties with
whom they have talked on the subject that
they do not Intend to purchase any looking
device from the Pauly Jail Company, but
will try a substitute of some kind. Re
spectfully, JOHN T. LONG.
"When the last extension— among: tha
many others— granted to the Bate
mans, Mayor Phelan stated that it would
be the last, and Intimated that the con
tractors were acting In bad faith.
"It appears." said the Mayor, "that
the firm is endeavoring to make as much
out of the $10,000, which was set aside
to complete the building, as it possibly
can. I understand that the locking device
will bo furnished for $5000. and that Is
practically all that remains to be done.
The Batemaiis evidently desire to substi
tute an Inferior device, but they will
not be permitted to do so. One of my
first official acts was to sign this con
tract—nearly three years ago. The build
ing was to have been finished within the
year, and it is not done yet. It looks as
If the city will be obliged to take the
contract away from them."
AN ACTORS INGRATITUDE.
Samuel King Convicted of Stealing a
Pair of Shoes From William
Mohring.
For the next few months the rialto will
miss the attractive presence of Samuel
King, a vaudeville artist at the Chutrs,
will be relegated to-day to the se
clusion of the County Jail by Judge Con
lan.
King and William Mohring of 143 Taylor
street, an actor at the Olympia, used to
do the rialto together. About two weeks
ago King called upon Mohring and ask-d
him to do something for him. as ho w.is
starving. Mohring gave him a pair of
shoes, which he told him ho could "soak"
and spend the proceeds in getting a
square meal. King got 50 cents on the
shoes and obeyed Mohrings Instructions.
A few days later King again felt Ui*»
pangs of hunger, but instead of asking
Mohring to help him. he was ungrateful
enough to go to Mohiing's room and
steal- a pair of tan shoes valued at $4 s<t.
which he "soaked" for $1 50. King <1!d
not visit his usual haunts, and Mohring
did not come across him till Monday att
ernoon, wlun he saw him on the rerry
boat crossing from Oakland. Mohnng
waited till King got outside the ferry
building, and then be gTabbed hold of him
and held him until Policeman Ingham <»(>
pearod The officer heard Mohring's
story and placed King under arrest on a
charge of petty larceny.
King appeared before Judge Conlan yes
terday morning. After listening to M<hr
lng's evidence the Judge convicted King
and ordered him to appear for sentence
this morning.
■ ♦ «
LAMBERT'S TWO FAMILIES.
The Last Will of a Guatemalan
Divides His Estate Among Them.
Tho last will aii'l testament of Walter
I^ambert, at one time a wealthy merchant
In Guatemala, was Bled y.st.rday for pro
bate and the tad that the decease*! lived
a dual Uf«* Is made manifest by Its pro
visions. In the will Lambert let* forth
that, at the time the will was executed,
he had a wife. Dora Edith Klinor Lam
bert, residing In Guatemala, by whom he
had no children. After making this state
ment the testator weal "ii t.> relate that
he had two suns, Klison Garner and \\ t
t.r Cnrelll Lambert, aged 5 and 3 years,
who nr<- the children of Josephlni Marlnl,
whom he formally recognises as worthy
of mention In his testament.
Th 3 will provides that his estate shall
be. divided in equal shan s between his
wlf«, his children and their mother. In
addition to the above mentioned bequests
the deceased prays for the distribution
• ii his children and their mother,
Dora I>.. Baacombe Hodgson and Jose L.
Hodgson, relative! of his wife. His wife
Is not to inure in his insurance policy
an the testator states that he has set
aside another policy for $10,000 for his
i . i.. tit. It Is expected that William
F. Lambert, decedents brother, win in
stitute proceedings to break the will.
Fell Into the Bay.
As the ferry steamer Bay City was
leaving on her R:45 o'clock trip to Alameda.
yesterday afternoon a man known as
Oillf. employ, il as chief day cook on tho
st> ;ini«-r. iiia.l'- an attempt to Jump ashore
after the apron on th* wharf had been
hauled up. The man miscalculated the
distance and fell Into the bay. A line was
thrown him from the wharf and he was
hauled ashore, none the worau for his
ducking.
Joseph L. Soher's Will.
Tho will of Joseph Lewis Soher, who
diod December 13. was filed yesterday for
probate. Tho testator bequeaths $2.7) to
his aunt. Guadalupe Salcido: $1 each to
his brothers. Adolph and Emll Soher, and
the residue of the estate, which Is valued
at $3000, In equal shares to Caroline Iver
pen. Miriam Paturel and Louisa Hunt,
sisters, and Henry and Augustus A.
Soher, brothers.
■■ » ■
Great bargains. Closing out children's
books, games and dolls, cheap. Sanborn.
Vail it Co.. 741 Market at. •
THE CALL`S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS: PENMANSHIP.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour £a^n.
IV. THREE LESSONS IN PEN
MANSHIP.
11.
Much of the writing of the world «s poor
because people attempt to write a style
that Is too complicated. The result Is
poorness. Too many want fancy forms —
they need plain ones. It Is the old. old
■tory of wanting things we do not earn
by toll. Ix>ng loops and Intricate capitals
require Krent skill to make look well. No
one but professionals should attempt
them.
Plainness Is always In good taste. Oond
ness is always desirable. Writing Is no
exception to the rule. The forms giv»?n
f"r Imitation arc plain and simple. Study
them critically and th*n try then
how round and wide they are. Be patt--nt
with th'm at first, as they r.r.
to you and to your muscles. Practice »he
retrace circles freely and do not use the
fingers to axcta*,
Make the short small letters about half
the height of capitals. Study curve and
straight line, angle and turn, slant and
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1899, b y Seymour Eaton.
H. ARITHMETIC OF THE OFFICE.
Lesson No. 7 — English Money.
English invoices are in pounds, shillings
and pence. To change the values of Eng
lish currency to the values in dollars and
cents is an interesting arithmetical exer
cise. We must first understand clearly
the meaning of the par of exchange and
the variation in currency quotations.
The par of the currency of any two
countries means among merchants the
equivalency of a certain amount of the
currency of the on© in the currency of the
other, supposing the currencies of both
countries to be of the precise weight and
purity tlxcd by their respective mints.
Thus, according to the mint regulations of
Great Britain and Franco £1 sterling Is
equal to 25.2 francs, which Is said to be
the par between London and Paris. The
exchange between the two countries is
said to be at par when bills are bought or
sold at this rate. When £1 in London
buys more than 25.2 francs exchange is
said to bo in favor of London. The par
of exchange between Great Britain and
the United States Is 14 86 2-3; that is, £1
sterling is worth $4 St> 2-3. Exchange is
quoted daily in New York, Chicago and
other cities at 4.67 or 4.57&, or ■» v, etc..
for sight bills and at slightly towel rates
for sixty-day bills'. Theso axe the two
kind? of bills usually bought. The sixty
day bills are as good as cash when they
reach London, but they are cashed at a
discount from their face values if pre
sented before maturity. It is sufficient
for the student to understand in this con
nection (1) that the value of English
money expressed In dollars and cents may
vary/ from day to day, according to the
condition of the money market; (2) that
to pay an English Invoice we go to a
banker doing a foreign business and buy
a draft on London (called a bill of ex
change) and send it to our creditor; (3)
that this draft may be payable at sight
in London or it may be payable In sixty
days.
Find the value of £4 IBs 6d in dollars and
cents when the rate of exchange Is 4.555.
To solve this problem we must first re
duce ISs C*l to the decimal of a pound.
This is done by charging ISs 6d to pence
and dividing by 240, because there are 213
pence in a pound; ISs 6d=222d; that Is,
222-24Qths of a pound, which is equivalent
to .925 pounds.
Then £4 Us 6d=£4.925. and to reduce
this to dollars and cents we multiply 4.923
by the rate of exchange, which is given
as 4.&50. The work will be as follows:
4.925
i m
mm
m >
mm
19700
24.058625
The result is. therefore. $24 06. We can
save time In such solutions if we adopt
what Is known as the contracted method
of multiplying decimals:
4.525
MM
HIM
3.940
.394
.024
111 1 Hi
The student will notice that the decimal
4.855 is written backward; the 4 Is placed
under the third figure of the decimal of a
pound— .92s. We multiply by 4 for the
first product: by 8 for the second, but In
multiplying by 8 we omit all figures In the
multiplicand to the right— thus: 8 times 3
are 40. carry 4; I times 2 are 16 and 4 are
20; put down 0 and carry 2, and so on. We
simply go one place to the right in each
instance to find out what to carry.
The work of reducing pounds. shilling*
and .pence to equivalent values In dollars
and cents can be greatly shortened by th*
following rule for reducing shillings and
pence to the decimal of a pound.
Write one-half of the shilling* for the
, first figure of the decimal; multiply th«
spacing. Th» pen may bo raised In molt
ing P. n find K. }'■■■ sure you sco % th«
forms clearly before attempting .o rriiike
them.
The plate of O*l shows how these stmpta
forms may be modified In utmost endless
ways. In fart there i» no one way that
seems be3t suited to all You should se
lect or Invent the styles you like best md
then perfect them. Oood writing may
differ and yet be Rood.
Use common-sen** In writing as in
other things. A handwriting is a Ufa com
panion. It cannot be changed as readily
as the fashion and dress. Therefore adopt
a hand that is not based upon some local
or passing fad or fashion. Affectation Is
one of the things to avoid. Do not try to
appear Hater or freakish unless you are.
Do not affect the vertical unless you can
write it better than any other. Frills and
ruffles In dress are all right If well made
and worn with due discretion, so aro
grace line* and compound curves In writ-
Ing, but both demand more attention than
most people care to, or have the time and
patience to. take and use.
Much, however, as you may be Inclined
to writ© prettily. It will be well to bear
In mind two things: that writing at Its
simplest Is rather difficult, ami that writ-
Ing Is a useful rather than a fine art.
Both of these facts Indicate that plain -
ness Is doubly desirable. It is much bet
ter to master a legible style than to fail
to master an ornate one. Few people
have the patience or perseverance to
master a fancy style of writing. All ran
master a readable hand. Illegible writing
Is not unlike mumbling or lisping In
speech. Nor Is It unlike stuttering.
One of th#» first requisites to good writ-
Ing is good pens (neither very coarse nor
fine), good : 1 ink (black Is I
! table or <leak, not too high, and a
healthful position of the body. The han-1
should not be twisted, nor allowed to rest
heavily upon the side.
pence by 4 for the next two figures; If th»
last product la between 12 and 3* add one,
if between 36 and «>» add 2. if the •hill
ings are uneven add 6 to the second deci
mal figure.
Now let us apply this rule to our prob
lem. We have the following sum In Eng
lish money:
£4 Mj «d
»!>25
Divide the shilling,* by 2; this rives us
9. Multiply the pence by 4 and add 1 and
we have 2a. or the complete decimal. .925.
This is much easier than reducing to
pence and dividing by 240.
Take an example where there Is an un
even number of shillings:
£3 13s Td
=3.629
5
i m
The rule say to add sto the second fig
ure of the decimal when th» number of
shillings is uneven.
The student will now proceed to reduce
the following amounts in English money
to dollars and cents:
I— £2 Ms M; rate of exchange. 4.90.
2— £6 12s 4d; rate of ex-hang- 4.87.
3— £7 2s lOd; rate of exchange 4.M.
— £9 lSs 9d: rate of exchange 4.90.
s— £7 15s Cd: rate of exchange 4.573.
d— £24 3» 9d: rate of exchange 4.91.
7— £36 10s 7d; rate of exchange 4.5X3.
S— £3o 15s M: rate of pxchange 4.53.
9— £48 10s lOd; rate of exchange 4.91
10— £42 17s 7d; rate of exchange 4.90.
Hints and Answers.
Lesson No. 5— (V $12 37. <:• $32 22. (3)
$34 SS. <4) $43 70. (5) $37 90. (6) $113 78. (7)
$178 44. (8) $150 l <. (9) $233 S3. (10) $210 1 L
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Ponular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting ot
certificates.
Dropped Dead.
Ole Torson. a butcher, residing In Ala
meda. dropped dead last night at the
Oakland ferry. Deceased was accom
panied by his sister and was about to
board the 9 o'clock hear when he Ml to
the pavement and 'expired. Sume of th>»
employes of the railroad company carried
th. man to the Harbor Receiving Hospi
tal, where Dr. Morrison after an examin
ation pronounced life extinct. The Morgue
officials were notified and called at the
hospital for the remains, but at the re
quest of F. R. Danforth the relatives wero
allowed to take charge of the body, which
was removed to an undertaking establish
ment.
■ ♦ ■
New Improvement Club.
Articles of incorporation of the Fair
mount and Glen Park Improvement Com
pany were filed yesterday. The company
purposes Improving Fairmount and Cas
tro addition, open streets, to construct
water works, street car lines and lighting
plants. Th- capital stork t» $.TncO, of which
$350 have been subscribed. The directors
are: Frederick Gamier. Thomas Crouch.
J. P. Tuchey. Chris Stadcr. J. P. Heck,
G. Hansen and Ernest RtXCosUo.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower. Exchange unchanged. .
New York stocks show me recovery.
Local stocks continue zveak and shaky.
Wheat quieter at a decline. Barley also dull and weak.
Heavy receipts of Oats from Washington.
Corn and Rye in light demand.
Beans and Seeds dull at unchanged quotations.
Bran lower again. Middlings unchanged.
Hay still dull and depressed.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and unchanged.
Poultry continues plentiful and low.
Game in ample supply and steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fine Spitcenberg Apples scarce and firm.
Citrus Fruits in fair- demand and steady.
Pecans and Filberts advanced.
Dried Fruits and Raisins dull.
Nothing nczv in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Hides continue firm and in demand.
Coal firm at the revised prices.
Xc change in Oils.
Chatters.
Tt« Archer and Santlaxo 1->«<J rnerehandlss
for Honolulu; Courtney Ford. tr.erchandl«e for
BO'a.
The Okonocia loads lumber at Port Ludlow
for Honolulu: Plrat, lumber at Port Blukeley
for Prance: .'.■,:•;.>. lumber at Gra>-« Harbor
for Saata Rocalta.
Weather Report.
rir>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO. I>c. 19. 15.95—6 p. m.
The followins are the seasonal rainfalls to
<*.-•<• r.« compared with those cf the same date
last "..> r . and rainfalls In the la>t twenty
four hcurs:
I.ns? Thli Last
Statless 14 Hour*. Sea*on. 6ea*on.
Eureka 0.00 U.U 9.73
R#-d Hiuff 0.00 ».7S 5.52
Facramtnt O.tK) I.W I.*S
San Franciyeo 0.00 5.67 3.67
J>e*r:o 0.(i0 4.41 I.X
3ndei<>n<sence O.on l.Cf 0.61
Ban Lul* ObUro 0.00 S SO 1.31
Ism Anj;eU-« 0.00 J.S4 ©.90
Fan Weßo 0.«0 I.M l.C$
Yuma 0.00 O.M 1.32
San Francisco data: Maximum m;^r«.tur«,
t3; minimum. 44; mean. 4.5.
VEATHUR CONPITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area ef hlfh pressure overlies th* Rocky
Mountain rerion. T'nusually hiph prearures are
reported from I'tah. Wyoming and Idaho. Dur
ing the pa*t twenty-four hours there has been
a fall In pressure alone the Washington coast,
and tbrre are indications of the approach of a
t-torm on the North Pacific.
The temjx-rature han fallea slowly over the
rreater portion of the counto* west of the
Rocky Mountains.
frost
nia.
Th« following niaximum wind velocities are
r» ported: Yuma, 30 miles per hour from the
north.
Forecast tr.siSe at Fan Franci«co for thirty
hour* en<".lnp mldnlKht. December 20. 1*93:
Northern <^allforritß— Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy In the northwestern portion and prob
ably rain Wedne^p.lay nicht on the northern
coast: warmer Wednesday; licht northeasterly
chanjrinc to southeasterly winds; heavy frosts
Wednesday mornlnc.
Pouthern California— Fair Wednesday, with
t)*avy .... morning ; high easterly
wind*.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
ft ah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday, ■■■.-: cold
weather: heavy frosts In the central and south
*rn portion.
Ran Fran<"iiwv> and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
cloudy In th* afternoon and at night: light
northeanterly changing to southeasterly winds;
fro«t In the morning.
■ ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
'■'ork Stock Market.
NEW T^RK. De.r. I?.— The concerted me**
urea of the powerful financial Interests !n th*
country proved effective to-day in checking
the proßTcss toward t'»nle and collapse In The
•tork market. Bspportlac orders were dis
triSiuted nil thn'UKh the list at the opening
«n>l j)rlrr» wrre ndvanoo.l in an effort to re-
Unre confl<l«'n<-e. Rut liquidation continued in
a very heavy «-ale and drove prices lower
acaln after tlie upenlni;. The advance in tit*
lUnk of CJi rmany'n ofilrial discount rate frota
6 tr> 7 p»T cent and the hanlmlnK of the private
discount rate Jn l^jndon with reporta from that
renter of further encasement* of gold from
New York for shipment this week helped to
unsettle confidence. Prices ebbed and flowed
Jn-twren reaition and recovery many times I*
lore the flood <if liquidation had been finally
absorbed and the ;.;:.::•• broueht to a rtand
>•■.! The derision of the bnnka to use all
their retwmrcea to nor.jmmotlate the demand
f'>r l'i»r.s. the determination of the S«-<-r«"tary
ff the Trearury to largely lncrcn»e Gnvern
runt dpf><)hiti» with <ief.,i)<i!iiry lianks and the
course of tunds fr<>m doiaMttr centers toward
New York In vr^mw to th»* acut<» needs de-
>e*terdiiy. all tendfd to rc^s^uran'-e.
The Interval since yo«t«r<'my In lts«-lf helj«..i
to quiet • ••■....• xnd nK.iy local appivh^n
rions and c>n<<ltlons to-day at no time ap
j'rrmched a panic When the tide of the liqui
dation was **-.*n to he stemmed by the abund
ant resources afff.rded jtlo s set about m vio
lent recovery en d»-niand fmm the *hort !n
t»r<st and active blddlr.jr up by the traders
and lnsldrrs. Tb» «>|-.an> advance* lnvlt.-d
rr r >me realltlnc. Imt the und'ftone of the mar-
Vet omttnueil Mr»tiK tip to the clra*. which
van at t«'t rains ramcinc trotn 2 to 12 i«>inta
for the pttn<-:pal active etooke.
ImeiHtr.'-nt bu>lnc «>f Ifnil* uh« in evidence \
•nd Ihl* mat'krt i:en«-rally r<•^{>..!;lled to the J
ia'e mrtr.titi in Mucks, l>ut there uns a r.um
»*r of acute- d<*cllneii «hl< h served to make
the tone an a whole trn-irular. Total sale*.
l>ar value. $3.f30,000.
United Ptatfit "*. new «^ Id 4s and it ad
vanced M In the Md price.
NEW YOHK STOCK UST.
Fhares Closing
Brrtl. Stock- Bid.
11.=20 Atrhljion IS4
«O.3U> Atrliifun prefd Bfc
XllO naltlmrre fc Ohio 61\
WO Canadian l'ai.lnc S7
t,;t>7 Oanadi Snutl.ern 4?
».700 <Tieraptak«« & « »»ilo r>S,
i.tn Chicago Great Western 11 "»
4H.CWC t'hl<Tmo. Burlic>.t'jn A- Vulncy U*hi
, kOO Chliagu. In>l & Ix>'j|M'ill<» 14
410 fhli-*c<». Itid & UiulfvlMe :irffd.... 4;
SfiO Chicago Ac Kantern Illinois X
J. 250 Chic*«.i> &• Northwestern 1i.44
UTTiO ChiCftCai nock Island & Pacific J(w\
2.Z!A CCC i'H lxiuU i:\
2.<'00 CViHrado Southern I
i.*2J Colorado FouihMTi l«t prefd sl«'i
1.427 Cy.U«rado Southern 21 prefd !3'.s
f..nv» l>clau*re A Hudson 115
1 iui De!aT\ar»". .1 wanna * Wert<Tn.l*44
L2«ft Denver A Hm <;r«n l l«- 17
«.l*» Denver & Hio Qrande rrefj c" %
l"0 Krte 11
!..*(> Erie in » r*fd V»4
S «<Vi «;reat Northern prefd 1C1>»
4W) Uorklnc «^<Mil .... 4 13
I.MS IlfK-kITK Va'.ley ~)U,
1.»3> llllnolii Ontral 110
Jtnn i.-r.n <>ntral 114
SiO ln«a Ontral rrefd .. 4R
J w*> Karma" dtv. litti«».urj; & Gulf 7«%
.".'it l»-»ke Trie A Western IS
:^0 l^<l;e Krle A: Wertem frefd 7«'i
....... I^k«» hhore SOO
11.01* T/'iuli.vllle «• Nashville 77\i
3r..5«03 r ..S«O Mfeiihattati Elevated S^i
1.275 Metropolitan Street Hallway 161
J.CO Mexican retitral 9\
. Minneapolis & Pt I»u!s : r.&
100 Minneapolis &- Ft l»uls prefd . . M
n.C* Ml*»«.>uH Pacific » s i
ISO Mobile & Ohio X
\M> Mlf»oarl. Kan*a* & Trxas 10
I <'.'■ Mi«:-'.i:rl. Katiras A Texas prrfd.... 11 %
2.f]f> New -leroej- Central 111 1 -
I.r«ll» New Vnrk Certral 12ti4
4.271 Norfolk & Wertern 22
S.4(>r> Norfolk A Western prefd 6.".
12.47 J. NV»rth^rn Pacific M r i
ll.tai Nr-rthern IMclfle prefd 71
1,c:.0 Ontario *• Western HH
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Orernn Railway * Nay prefd "*
U,(ll Pcnayvlvacia U:-',i
4.N0 Reading 17
IS.Kh) Reading Ist prefd !.!.*."*" tfU
4.100 lt.;..::rc M prefd 24«,
Rio Grande Western .... 41
....... Rio Grande Western prefd M
2.CSO St Louis & San Fran f»,
••••••• Bt Louis & San Kran Ist prefd 6S
!.-«> Bt 1,-,uls & S«n Fran 2d prefd 2I«»i
1.200 St Louis. Southwestern ii
4.000 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 23U
12.SC> St Paul n6 r;
410 St Paul prefd " 16.V
LBM Ft Paul & Omaha 115
44,f«V> Southern Paolrto CU
U.i'7o Suuthern Railway " n
r.vfin Southern Railway prefd (1%
S.MS Texas A- Puclflc 43\
SIMS Union Pacific . 4-jt.
».8» Union Pacific prefd !... 71
I.MW Wal>a*h TH
4,660 Waha.«h prefd Jo
4.0(0 Wheeling 4- L E .".!" 'm,
2.«2.'> Wheeling & L E Id prefd 23* t
1.300 Wisconsin Central lfi
Kxpre«s companiM —
Adam* HO
American IJ7
United States 4}
• W-n.. Fare - j;j
Miscellaneous —
J.4?i» American Cotton Oil si
100 American Cotton Oil pr»M »i
WO American Malting 7
M 0 American Matting prefd jji,
I.WO American Smelting & Kefln 33
3.4C0 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 85
American Spirit* 4
American Spirit* prefd IT
3.1 M American Steel Hoop 7.71'
t.o<rt American Steel Hoop prefd '. 77
S.3CO American Steel & Wire 371.
4.100 American Steel A Wire prefd f«C
LWd American Tin Plate 28
1.r.'0 American Tin Plate prefd 74
56.3 ( 'i0 American Tobacco R7^
1H American Tobacco prefd iss
4.7>>0 Anaconda Mining Co 35
S^>ro Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74S
c,.o:a Colorado Fuel A Iron jsii
17.15S Continental Tot.p.cco IS
€.OT> Continental Tobacco prefd m
16.^0 Federal Steel 44!^
6>rs FeiWal Steel prefd 7354
1.000 General Electric 117
1.17S Glucose Sugar 3<;i,
100 Glucose Supar prefd 9;
5 "-'" -' International Paper .... is
V»> International Paper prefd CT.
LS6S Lnclcle n.-i* so
LCS-j National Plscult r>3»;
National Biscuit prefd 94
J.K'O Rational I,enrt ;i
4'^o National I^ead prefd 11.4
3,Pftt National Steel 531;
CM N;it!r,na.l St^el preM «.j
3. r .o New York Air Ilrake 12:
l.? 70 North American ixi;
KO Pariflc Coa*t 44
Pacific Cf>a*t Ist preM go
Pacific Coaet 3<l prefd tS
COSa I'acific Mail 37U
■ 35.44r. Pe».ple'n Ga* . K^j
I.3W> I»r«-*!«e>l Steel Car f.;i;
cm Pre*<ed Steel Cur preM n\i
1.4r/> Pullman F"alac<> Car no
1.03S Standard Rope &: Twine S»;
4C>,;fiO Susrar I*7*4
350 SuKar prefd ; HI
7.*:^ Tennessee Coal A Iron 79
ll.<**. Tn'.trd States I>»«th»r XJU
lI.SJO T*nlt*-«1 Statep leather prefd M '
S.ISO T'nltf-1 States Rabbar X3IL
T'.O Vnlte.l State* Rubber prefd jnnu
T^SO Western fnlon ". R7 "
S.ir.O Republic Iron A -••••••: 14,14
1.430 Rej.uMir Iron A Steel pr«>fd <•,-:
»• C C & St Louis 75 '
855.300 Share.. Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S U rejr I(>2 ] do 4* m
do 3s re* lOyi, N V C lsta 1124
<lo Sa coup 1094 V .T C ten Es 113
do ••« 4a re* 1": North Car 6s 117
do new 4* c0up. .1334 do «- 104
do old «• rcff.r.lUU Nor Pac lsts 110
dr» oM 4s coup. .1144 do 3a f»1«i
do 5s Tvg 11:4 do M 1014
do It coup n:VN'TCinLi
Dl»' of Col S CSe..m X& W con ta *S4
Alabama class A. .111 do gen Is ISS
do class II ill Or Ni lad ins
do class O mi do la 1004
Co Currency 100 OBL 6s 127 I
Atchison pen 4b SKT74 do con r.a 112
do adj 4> 7* Reading Gen 4s ... M>;
Can Bou 2nds 1074 ft O \V Ist ... 9.%4 ■
C& O 44» X -■!!..■. I M con 08.1074
do .".!> 114 do Ken Cs 1:4
C & N W con 75..140 1 i! ; 't I'aul consols 165
do S X IVb f.s..llfiU ?t I* C & i' 1«t5...11<>4"
Chicago Ter 4s H3\| do *.s IK
D& R G ists ioi\ls<>uthprn Ry :>a 107
do 4s 97 jS Hope & T fis RO
I" TV *■ flu I«te..lfi3 fenn new set 35.. 95
Krle <;.t,.-t»l 45.... OS ;.'.■• a r..- Ist*. .lll
V W I D C l?ts... CS do 2n<ls 54
Gen Kle«tric 5s 119 :.. ••: Pur 4- lOlti
GIIA->A 6s .. 110 Wabash lsts 112 "
•!•• 2n •« 101 do 2nd* 97',j
H ft T C h li:V» West Shore 4s 11l
do mn 6s 110 Win Cent lsta X*';
lowa out ims ... 107 Virginia Cent ... .X ,
X C P & G lsta... M do Deferred . 5
Louisiana n c 4«...107 Colo A- Pan 4s SI
I, A- X I'nl 4s .... *<!';i3o Par 4i 76?*
M X 4 t 2nds f.5 •
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12|Ontarlo 7 50
Crown Point 12jOphlr 70
Con ;<! * Va.. 1 <j, Plymouth 12
Iw>adwood 4S, Quicksilver 1 10
Gould & Curry 8! Do prefd 700
Hale. *• Norcross.. 32 Sierra Nevada M
Homestake 65 («> Standard 2 00
Iron Sliver aO Union Con 20
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket. 10
BOSTON" STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End »0
rill loans ''.JJT Wis Central ICY»
Time loans S?j* Dominion Ccal 44
Stocks— I I*i pr«M U7 : *
itch T & St Fe... lSUlAtchiMn 4s 95
Do pre'd .":"» Mining Shares—
American Sucar...l27> A • ' .lure 6
] I»o prerd 113 MV ue/. M, n C 0.... • ■
RHI Telephone .■M Atlantic 13
I Boston & Albany.. .■ Boston & Mont 26",
Boflnn Elovated... !<7 •'i!-.. i Ruston.... 4:
Hilton * Maine m ;»lumet 4- Hecla..7oK
CM II •■> ■: 1134 >ntennlal 17
IEI E!ec 111 20S franklin 32S
Gea l"l*>i-tric IK\ -lumbuldt 1
Do prefd is; >sret»la V
I Fe.lenil Steel 4t'-» »arrot 37
Do prrfd 734 . I 1J«
Mexican ntral. 94, -• 1 * Copper .'.
Mich •TVlej.hone K-04]ramarack 170
Old Dominion 2i>; .Vlnona 414
Rubber 3>'ij»Tolverlnes it
( ni.m Pacific 43V;"tah 24
Union t*j>d 24,!
)'ork Money Market.
KEW YORK. Pee. 15.— Money on call ranged
from 2 to SO per rent: last loan. 2 per cent:
ruling rate. 6 per MM Prime mercantile
liaj.er. &4&G per cent. Sterling exchange, easier
with actual buMness In bunkers' bills at
U RT'<W« fSP& tor demand an<l at $4 SI for sixty
day*. Posted •..• I) 82 and J4 SSH. Com
mercial bills'. S4 »" :4 M. Sliver certificates.
6>g£*V*r-. Bar silver. .'.S 1 .'" Mexican dollars)
47>~c. Government bond*, strong; State bonds'
Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Silver certificates closed at '.?'<?. '.9'
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. U.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury ahows: Avail
able carh balance, $230,719,798; cold reserve
5242.&10.C47.
Shipments of Silvtr.
NEW. TORK, Deo. XJ.— Th» eteacublp fouth-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1899.
Z?Ph'* f£ Uag tOT to-morrow, will take
out 449.000 ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW YOKJC. Dec. 19.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says-
The market here steadied at the opening, but
liquidation a «mi developed and continued heavy
throughout the day In all markets. The rumor
that a large firm of brokers was In trouble
sfi^'^-.u 80 ."" "^Prehension. Consols fell to
*S4. rallied to 9;.^ and closed at SS»».
American ttocks befmn well above the panlo
prices of yesterday. Steady realizations, Tiow
v.X" caused a general sagging, until when
j :\ew J ork °r«-ned at no advance above i.-i
.a™ price a sharp re.'apse occurred. There was
I a rally which In same cases carried prices In
the street after the close I points up. Spanish
«■ •**"•««: Tlnto ». CH; Anaconda?. 6 IMS;
I L L a '' B'v,»:8 'v, » : Bostons, «i; Avlnos. IV,.
Ik, Vi?£j? f England bought £94.000 In gold
£100.000 to Egypt. The outflow of old from
Germany caused the Bank of Berlin to raise
Vll t nn \. 6i? 7 prp ' r cent " Tne exchange
here thinks the Bank of England win follow
with an advance on Thursday
Money »m easy for the day. closing at a
low rate, at which It was unlendable. There
was a good demand for fixtures at 64 over the
settlement and the end of the year. Bills
were very firm and a small amount renewed
for the Bank of England to do a good busi
ness In them at the bank rate.
CLOSING.
LONDON Dec. 19. -Canadian Pacific. »8H;
tnion PacMe preferred. 72; Northern >aclflc
preferred. 73^: Atchlson. U%; Anaconda. *%.
Bar sliver quiet. 27 8-16 d per ounce
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. ».— FLOUR-Recelpta.
M.754 barrels; exports. ISM barrel*. Market
quiet and easy with buyers shut out by the
break in wht-at and prices little better than
nominal In consequence. Winter patents, 13 50
<gS 75; winter straits. S3 30<tT3 45.
WHEAT— Receipts. 104,155 bushels; spot
weak; No. 2 red. 754 cf. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 79"* c f. o. b. afloat, nominal:
NO 1 hard I>uluth. 81Hc f. o. b. float spot;
No. 2 red. 72\c elevator. Options opened weak
at \e decline in response to bearish and dis
appointing able*, reports of English victories
in South Africa and general unloading. The
latter continued all day. helped later by small
clearances and unsatisfactory export news
Closed easy at Vrjlc decline; March. 75Vi?
75*4 C closed at T*\e; May, 75<. 4 07."i 1 I c. cloned
at 75Hc; July. 75>..&75V\ closed at Tohc; De
cember. 72S*J?3' t c, closed at "C.c.
HOPS-Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
WO >L— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed steady and un
chanßed to "■ points net lower. Total sales. 7750
baps. Including: March. $5 MO6 «5: May, $631
6 OS; July. J« 10; August. JO •■;•■. 15; Septem
l*r. JC Ml Sjwt coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7
Invoice. 6\c: mil.l. steady.
St'GAR— Haw. firm; refined, quiet.
inrTTEß— Receipts. MiS package; steady;
We*tern creamery. :-i.T . June creamery. 22 i?
i ri »c; factory. 15H920&
EGGS— Receipts. 7C49 packages; firm; West
ern ungraded at nark. I«if2iu c ; Western, 219
He; loss off.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples were quiet and without
matt-rial change. Choice jcrades were held firm
owing to light supply, but country advices
weak.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
6Q6VtC
PHUNES— C»i^7c; choice. 7\fjS>«c; fancy.
S l iftSe.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— SU^gc
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 131315 c; Moorpark. 15ffl!e.
PEACHES— PeeIed. COSilc; unpeeled. ShQlOc.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19— Taken as a whole
there was very little stir In the local metal
market to-day. Pic Iron continued very weak
and spelter developed considerable softness, the
latter In sympathy with the Irregularity abroad
as well as to large offerings here. Other
metals were dull anil largely nominal. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PI« Iron warrants weak for futures; lake
I copper tlull and nominal at Jlfi ■■'■'. tin dull
anil nominal at $:4 70: lend firmer at !» 70 ' a
4 75: spelter easier at J4 COtfM 65. The brokers'
price for lead la U 45 and for copper SMI
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 19.— The Liverpool market
opened only a trifle up. decltnlnß later, and
! this was taken by local traders as an Indica
tion that the people most concerned look less
; seriously on the war and political situation
of England In Its effect on the. train market
1 than did most of the pit yesterday when a
! clamorous demand from all quarters sent the
I price up nearly 2 cents. The opening to-day
; was under puts. May , . down from yes
; terday"s close at 70!iQ7O*ic. Shorts and others
: who had loaded up the previous session were
j sellers and the market eased off early to Itot
I "04c holding steady for some time at the
decline. Bradstreet'a decrease In the world's
vlMt.le of 1.257.i»X» bushels encouraged •■me
buying. May lac to 704,-. This was lost
on profit-taking and May closed Ti&lc lower at
704«j70^ic.
1,. n'T cables and the decline In wheat were
weakening factors in the corn market to-day.
May closed HSHc down, at 32Vu3;*tc. Trade
was dull.
Oats were dull and a trifle lower with wheat.
. --- were dull and a trifle lower with wheat.
May closed Htt^«e lower, at 24^21', c.
Provisions ware weak the greater part of the
session. Influenced by the grain markets and
a literal supply of hojra and lower prices at
t,he yards, but closed fairly steady at the de
cline. May |>ork closed 124 c under yesterday.
at $10 Zt; May lard to down, at ft 55, and
May ribs 74c depressed, at (5 3?',.
The leading; futures ranged as follows:
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! December 66»i 66*4 66% 66Vi
May 70S 704 70 70 2
I July :■• . 70T» "0% 70S
Com No. 2—
PwemlKT M% 30*4 304 30»i
January 31 31 30*, loat
May 33», 334 32H 32*.
Oats No. 2—
P<^'ember 22% 22 21' ; 4 2-' 4
May 2414 =4U 24 24V»
MefF I'ork. »er bbl—
January 10 00 10 00 9 R714 10 00
May 10 25 10 JO 10 20' 1026
Lard, per 100 lbs
January 5 324 615 830 6 32Vi
May 555 5 874 6 5:4 5&5
Fhort Rib*, per 100 lbs—
January 525 6 274 520 6 »*4
May S4O 6 424 5, 35 6 374
Cash quotations were as follows: FlouT
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat, 64'3664c- Vo 2
Red. 6SQC9c; No. 2 Corn. .63ic; No 2 Oats
23©^3>ic; No. 2 White 25Sc. No. 3 White. SS
25% c: No. 2 Rye. 53c: No. 2 Barley, 3Sff44",i C -
Zt, 1 «'? n X ?f d - , $1 4S '*' sl ; Prime Timothy
Seed. 12 50; Mees Pork, per bbl. IS 70^10- Lard
per 100 lbs. J5 056-5 35: Short-rib Sides (loose)'
*5 10<S5 35: Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed) 6*40
64c: Short Clear Sides (boxed), J5 45»6 55 ■
Whisky, distillers* finished goods, basis hlirh
wines, per »al. J' 234.
Articles— , Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 44.000 20.006
\\heat. bushels 1f 6.000 »6 000
Corn, bushels ics.ooo miooo
atßt Lushels :5900 ° 156000
Rye. bushels 20.000 4 mo
, Barley, bushels 105.000 n|ooo
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery. 16J?25c* dalrv
V' 9 ¥ C Ch * >ese flrm: Ut4Olie. EgVa. nrm'
I fresh, 20c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
Openlnc .... S 11U 6m;
Closing BIOS 5 JOS
PARI6.
Wheat- ' Dee. Mar.-June.
Opening; 18 60 193;
Closing; 17 « m 30
Flour-
Opening: 24 10 25 25
Closing -4 25 2523
Available Grain Supply.
NEW. TOIIK. Dec. 19 -Special cable and tel
egraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicates
the following changes In available supplies last
week:
Wheat— States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, Increase. 603.000 bushels;
afloat for and In Europe, decrease, 1.800 000
bushels; total supply, decrease, 1,297' 000
bushels. » - - . '
Corn— United Etaten and Canada, east of the
Rooky Mountain*, Increase. 1.065,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrcas;. 147,000 bushels.
Among the more Important Increases reported
to Bradstreefs are those of 660,000 bushels at
Northwestern Interior elevators, 69.000 bushels
at Portland, Me., and 55,000 bushels at Win
"lpeg. The principal decreases are those of
X.MI l>u«h«ls at Chicago private elevatom.
due largely to a change fn>m private to public
house*. UO.aN husheU at I»uisAllle and 40.000
bushels at outside Manitoba storage points.
The aggregate stock of wh^at held at Port-
Or.. rm.l at Taeoma and battle. Wash.,
•il 6S,ihjo bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Dec. — The wool market Is com
paratively qul«t, but values show no weakness
In any line. The demand for Territory wools
Is yet rood and the market continues firm. The
scoured basis for good lines of fine medium Is
about SOecSr. while staple Roods call for «*}*
'.Oc. Fleece wools are quiet, but holders con
sider them good property and srll only at full
market price*. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine. ZZQZ*c; scoured. G>3«c:
staple, 6iS7oc. Utah and Wyoming fine me
dium and fine, 2<w>\.-. scoured. &sS<Jlc; staple, !
i-_»- Idaho fine mf-dinm and tine. UQflc;
scoured. 6!>a«lo; medium, 20@23c; scoured. ol«
64 c.
Australian, scoured basis. «=pot price*— Comb-
Ing, superfine. SSjfSOo; good, S6©B7c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. l?.-CATTI,n-Good to
choice native steers a shade stronger, others
about steady, including butchers' stock and
fanners: calves lower; feeders steady; good
to choice. J5 40©7: poor to medium. *4 25(g5 25;
mixed stockers. »3 50©3 80; selected feeders.
*4 2:.©4 75; good to choice cows, .%l i .< 50;
heifers, : ••»*:■•. canners. J2S2 90: bulls. J2 Co@
4 2. .; calves, J4®7 25: Texas beeves. J4 25©3.
HOGS— Averaged 5c lower and closed steady
at the decline: fair clearances; mixed and
butchers. $3 90®4 15; good to choice heavy, $4®
4 IS; rough. S3 90©4; light. {3 SO® 4 10; bulk of
sales. 14 0of?4 10.
SHEEP— Generally steady; native wethers.
S3 9024 «0: lambs. J4£s 60. Western wethers,
J4S4 50: Western lambs. )4 75©5 25.
i Receipts— Cattle, 4500; hogs, 41.000; sheep.
13.000. ___!___
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Dec. 19.— Clearings, 5231.8U; bal
ances. $79,012.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec 19 —All of the strenrth
apparent in Monday's wheat market faded away
azaJn to-day and left it as dull all around as
It has been any time this season. It is im
possible to get quotations of 52c for Walla
Walla <-,r valle* and many of the exporters
refuse to pay above Bio.
iijeldie. for Hongkong,
with 4i.^':s barrels ■■: Hour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOKA, Dec. 19 —The flrm ton* of whrat
(••t-rdny continues, though the exported
raise In quotations has not shown up. Club,
'i . Nuestem. 5Jc,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. I?.— Consols. 95%; silver,
27 S-16d: French rentes. 9?f 374 c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nominal, unchanged; cargoes on pes
llera at advance 3d to 6d; English coun
try' markets, firm
LIVERPOOL. I-e<- 19-Wheat. firm; wheat
In Pan?, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, tirm; weather In England,
milder.
I ■' 'TTON— Uplands. 4 9-32 d.
CLOSINO.
WHEAT— flpot—Na 2 red Western winter
dull. :.s 9Ud: No. 1 Northern spring, firm 6s
t\itures— Quiet; March ar.d May, Is l"'»d
1 ORN Bpot Am»Ti<an mixed, quiet, Ii
Futures- Quiet: December, nominal; January
if Cl. February. 3s 6d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 $24
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gsu
Sterling Cables _ 4 594
New York Exchange, sight — 12»i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — is'
Fine Silver, per ounce 59U
Mexican Dollars — 451 j
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Contlnue dull on the
■pot and nominal at from 35s to S6s 3d. Th«
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 3'».000. against 17,560 tons on the
MUM date last year; disengaged, 6000 tons,
against 23.G00; on the way to this port. 203,500
tons, against 152,750.
WHEAT-Futures declined There was no I
change in spot price.*. The market was dull.
Chicago was as tame yesterday a> It was
lively • ■... preceding day. Foreign advices de
pressed the market, and Liverpool was dull
The feeling was nervous and unsettled, but
there were more buyers than Fellers The
crowd sold freely. The scarcity of cars in
terfered with business. Speculation was tame
but there was a good shipping demand. The
majority of operator* were bearish and short
Spct^ Wheat-Shipping. 974@3S»ic: milling. $i |
CAM, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 000
ctls, fl 05V4.
Second ■lon— May— ctls. Jl 05%; 4000. I
$1 054-
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls
51 05*4 : 4QCO, $1 054. December, 1300—2000, $1 094
Afternoon Se*!>lon— May, 9000 ctls. $1 06' 2S OOu
11 054. December. 13O>-So<o. $1 (9%. ' '
BARLEY— The market continues to sag and
is very dull. There Is a good deal of dark !
feed offering, but bright lots are somewhat
scarce.
Feed. :: .7-V f or No. 1 and eoff7sc for off !
grades: Brewing and shipping grades So®S7>«c-
Chevalier, nominal. I
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 74 He
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls
74V4c; 2000. 7iV-
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 71% c; 1000,
73', c.
OATS— Heavy receipts of 14,980 ctls from
Washington made buyers shy yesterday but
at least 6000 ctls of this shipment were sold i
prior to arrival, and the balance came to mill- '
lers. so prices were not affected. The demand
continued slow.
White. {1 10S1 SO: Red. $1 C7'-i®i 20* Gray
$1 07401 174; Black. 974c<85l 074. '
CORN— The market continues dull and un
changed. Eastern White is quoted at $1 02H<?
1 05 per ctl. and Eastern yellow at SI 05{?l 15
RYE— |I#l «6 r"r itl. There is not much
demand at the moment. •*.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at 11 9002 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 «Vff3 75. ;
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50: Oregon
and WaaMnatoa, $3 4053 50 per bbl for extra.
S3 ■#■ 40 for bakcra' and $2 25*83 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are an fol- i
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 ■ par 10") lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye '
Meal. %2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, V SO-
Oat Groats, J» JO: Hominy, S3 84M 50; Buck
wheat Flour. Wai 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 75-
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. S3 50; Rolled
Oat» .(barrels). y.liT 25: In Backs, $5 75fj7 •
Pearl Barley. $;.; Split Pea*, $5; Green Peas '
$5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay ami Feedstuff s.
Bran has again declined Me per ton. Mid
dlings remain steady. Hay continue* very soft !
and dull at previous prices. »-•
BRAN— II 2 50&13 GO per ton,
MIDDLINGS per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S Rolled Barley, 16 60^17 60 '
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26^:7 Job- ■
bing, \: 501*2*; Cocoanut Cake. »;o' n 2l; Corn
meal. $5 6^24 50; Cracked Corn, 124925: Mlxe-1
Feed, SIG '■<::. Cottonseed Meal. S2S par ton. '
HAY— Wheat. $7 GO^jS M for common to good
and $?©<• 60 for choice; Wheat and Oat |7©»
Oat. $6 .'■•►'o' 5 . Barley. $5®6 60: Alfalfa, .$538 per ;
ton; Compressed. JTtflO per ton.
STRAW— 3S^ 50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
No more business Is expected In Beans until •
after the turn of the year.
BEANS— Bayos. S3 25@3 50: small White. $: 90 '
63: large White. $2 40<82 60; Pinks. $1 65©2 75;
Reds. UttCSSO; Blackere, HUMS; Butters I
; nominal; Lima. $4 &0«5; Pea, Wai 25; Red Kid- 1
neys, S3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. S@34c; Yellow
Mustard. 4Q44; Flax, 12 124: Canary. 84c per
: Ib for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa
700 c; Rape, 2>,©30; Hemp. 434>4c; Timothy'
464 He.
DRIED PEAS— Nllea. SI 60©l JO; Green, $1 75
62 25 per <tl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There were no receipts of vegetables from Los
Angeles, but fresh arrivals will be on the mar
ket today. Potatoes and Onions show little
change, the former being dull.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 90fi»5c; River Reds.
<0fl70r; Burbanks, 60®S0c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks, Sl®l 25; Oregon Burbanks. 40c4?5l 10-
Swe*t Potatoes, for River and SI 4<Vfli 50
for Merced.
ONIONS-75c<5Sl 25 r*r ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Pea*. .SS"<- per Ib- !
String Beans, • Cabbage. 40850 c: Los An- I
geles Tomatoes. SI 25: Egg Plant from Los An
**°l'*- : CucumNrs, ; Dried Okrm, 12U C
per lb: Garlic. &§64e: Green Peppers from Ix>a
Angreles. «§&c; Dried Pepper*, 8®10o; Cam**. I
30©40 c per sack: Los Angeles Summer Squash,
per box; Marrowfat Squash, $20 per ton;
Mushroom*, nominal. «.-..
Poultry and Game.
Heavy stocks of Eastern continue to depress
the Poultry market, and low prices still rule.
The only noteworthy change In Game Is In Can
vasback. which are selling higher.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13fil5c for Gob
blers and U©isc for Hens: Pressed Turkeys,
Hifl6c; Geese, per pair. $1 7592; Goslings, $1 75
62; Ducks, U:\ SO for old and J4 501i5 SO for
young; Hens. J304; Young Roosters, $3 6004;
Old Roosters. J3 : -m Fryer*. $3 50#4; Broilers,
J3 60©4.f0r large and JJ 25 for small. Pigeons.
$1 per dozen for old and J2®2 '<) for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. |] 50 M 75: Mallard. WQ2 50:
Canvaaback. J3S7; Sprig. J2«2 25: Teal, <! ! 0
: 1 76; Widgeon. $1 60; Small Duck. ti 25; l»ves.
75c per dozen: Hare, SI 50t?l 75: Rabbits. Si TV.
Gray Gees.\ j: 50; White, ?1 25 . 1 :0; Brant.
Jl 75©2 EC; Honkers. IS: English Snipe. J2 50 per
dozen; Jack Snipe. Jl ::.'u i 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The demand for Kpk* Is good and the feeling
is steady at unchanged quotations. Chevse
stands the same, Gutter In In moderate sup
ply and steady.
BUTT! EH
«'reaniery— Fancy creamery. 24c; seconds. 21 'o
230.
Dairy-Fancy. 21c; gcod to choice. 17!i&:0c;
common. 13'a!6c.
Kastern— l7'olsp for ladle Lacked.
CHKESK-Oholc- mild new. li.-c; old. HUe:
T'.uiik America, IVffilZc; Eastern, 154'eliic;
Western, ISVb#lsc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 22H'S2iC for store and Z^S
22'-jC i>er doien for ranch. Eastern Cold stor
age. I'.il- for firsts and lie for seconds;
fresh. 21523 c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Choice Spitzenberg Apples are very firm and
; will bring 12. Other Apples are plentiful at the
! old Drlces. Lady Apples are a failure this
year.
Prices for Oranges have not chanced for
some days. Stocks are ample for all needs.
Lemons and Limes are as previously quoted.
Fine Lemons are not plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s® 6sc per box for common, 75c3Jl
for good. $1 25@1 SO for choice and II 75Q2 for
fancy Spttzenbergs. I.*dy Apples are not In
market.
BERRIES— Strawberries. Jl F<^jJ for larse;
Cape Cod Cranberries. $7 DOQS 50; Coos Bay
Cranberries, $1 M per box.
Persimmons. '.'"Ti 3'<- per box.
Winter Pears. COcQJ2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 sof: 25
per box: Seedlings. Jl^l 50; Japanese Manda
rine. Jl 60®l 75; Pomelos. Jl 50ft 2 50; Lemons, $1
<31 60 for common and J2H4 for grvid to choice;
; Mexican Limes. J4f*4 50: California Limes. 25^
J 6"ic: Bananas. SI 50#3 per bunch; Pineapples,
13 lO?j-4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The only changes «re advances In Filberts
and Pecans. The whole market under this
head Is dull, as usual during the holiday sea-
DRIED FRLITS— Prunes.. in sacks. 44c for
40-50*8. Si. for 50-60' s, 3'ic for 60-70's. Sic
for 70-SO's. 3c for 80-90's aril CV for 90-lCO's.
Apricot*. lift 13c for Royals. 124#iec for Moor
parks and 12S 14e for Blenheims; Peaches, IT(
64c for Standards, 6ft*>S»c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches; 124'510c: Evaporated
Apples, ''u~,\c; Sun-dried, s<iis4c per lb; Nec
tarines, SVjW&c per It, for red IVars. 64^Sc fcr
quartern and SftlQc for halve*; Black Figs. 3<}
84c: White Flrs. i%r,c; Bleached Plums. SiS'.tc;
Unbleached Plums, 7'r7'-.- for pitted and 14c
for unnltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. Sc: standard. Sc; prime. 60: un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S4c; choice, 74c; standard. 64c,
prime, Se; unbleached Sultana?. sc; Seedless,
! ro-ib boxen. sc; ran loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown. 6>;c: (•crown, 7«: London Layers.
2-crown. SI 50 per box: 3-crown. SI 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12; Ottilia. $2 CO; Imperial. S3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. S'fMOc: Walnuts. 109 c
for standards and 9ClOc for softshell: Al
monds. U\bGllc for paper-shell, 9Qloc for soft
and 43'5c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5»iS6 s ic for
Eastern and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts,
74{JSc: Filberts. 12®12'ic; Pecans. ll#13c;
' ■ • muta, 54 M-25.
HONEY— Comb, 114fJ12c for bright and 104*?
lie for light amber: water white extracted, 74
otc; light amber extracted. 6*ii?7c; dark, 64c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24S::«o per lb.
Provisions.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
I Business Is quiet, as usual at this time of the
year.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9140 per lb for
heavy. 9V4c for light medium. 104<- for light.
124 for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. UOUHc; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, 5:2 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $: 50;
; extra clear, $17 50; Mess. $16 .'.». Smoked Beef,
14<?144c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
I compound and 7Uc for puro: half-barrels, pure
I Sc: 10-lb tins. &4c: 5-lb tins. Mic
COTTOLENE— 7V*@7?ic per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue dull at unchanged quotations.
Hides rule firm, with a good demand. Wool
continues strong.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about la under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 12c; medium, lie: light, 104 c; Cowhides,
lie; Stags, 74c; Salted Kip, 104 c; Calf, lie;
Dry Hides, sound. Is4fll9c: culls and brands.
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; I>ry Call 2>)c;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 2<>'(iV>c each; short Wool.
35Q60c each: medium. 70if9'?c: long Wool, $1«
1 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 20-&2 75 for larxe
and $1 for small; Colts. 00c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2,
4e; refined. 64c; crease, 24c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquin plains. 9^loc: South
ern. S01Oc: Middle County. Ut?l3c: Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 16017 c; Eastern Oregon, 12315 c:
Valley Oregon, 170Uc; Northern Mountain,
free, Uol4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10^
lie per lb.
IIOPS-&29C per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are quiet at the changes already noted.
Beef, Mutton and Veal show no change worthy
of note.
BEEF— 7®7Vic per lb for Steers and 641?7c
for Cows.
VEAL— B*?IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; ewes, 64c per lb.
LAMB— &QS4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small, 6«4e for
medium and s^sUc for large; stock Hogs and
feeder- 6>i@sVsc; dressed Hogs. 71g84c7 l gB4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7t?7'.ic; Wool
Bats. HOMe; Fruit Bags. (c, I*.1 *.- and •". for
the three grades of white and 74c for bleached
Jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila. 144615 c per lb.
COAL— The market Is firm at the changes al
ready mentioned. Wellington, $•> per ton- New
Wellington, ?S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50-
Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. $i 50; Walls
end, $8; Co-operative Walls^nd, .'-. Scotch, ;
Cumberland, |10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks-
Pennsylvania Anthracite k^k. $13; Cannel i'j si)
per ton; Coke, $10 per ton In bulk and $17 In
racks. l
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $KUK U 1 50; To
matoes. 7.V.
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries. $2 4>©3 for
black and white; Peaches $1 65J?1 50; Pears
$1 60-ffl SO; Apricots, $1 : .jl 70; Plums. $1 20' a
1 40.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 13>^&lfic for prime
washed ; ll'all'.ic for good washed: 'll'itjlic for
good to prime washed peaberry; 94"^ Uc for
good to prime peaberry: &&12i: for " good to
prime; 86914 c nominal for good current mixed ■
with black beans; SJjS'ic for fair; sfi7»»c for
common to ordinal Salvador— 9y 11 4 c for good
to prime washed: 7^*ffS s ic for fair washed; :ii.{j
114 c tor prime to goud washed peaberry; 77 3 ««jr
S\c for good to prime *eml-wash< I'Hi'a^c
for superior unwashed; 74c for good green un
washed; B*i©9Vic for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; r .\ , ,<i\-- for common to ordinary
Nicaragua— it ■ !•■.•■ for prime to fanry wash?d-
SSllc for fair to good unwashed; 7U I S7};<: nom
inal for good to superior unwashed; »*iif»Uc
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry
Guatemala and Mexican— l 2'« 104 c for prime to
fancy washed: IOUc for good to strictly good
washed; fc<&ST»e for fair washed. 707% for me
dium; 4'y6-\4'- or Inferior to ordinary; vyfHv~u
for good to prime washed pea bo 1 .s%'u"»<jc
tor good to prime Unwashed I- ii»i: : , 7U«j'» l ie
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— •- Ii heavy. 2Sfi33c r**r lb- Sole
Leather, medium. 2Cff27c: Sole Leather, light ■>;
©27c: Rough Leather, heavy. 27w2ic; Roiiirh
LeaU.er. light. B0Mc; Harness 1-outher. heav
0013c; HarnesH leather, medium, 30<&32c: Har
ness Leather, light. 29ft3Qc: Collar I^-ath.-'r 1O«
16c per foot; Kip, nnlshe<), 40g4'>c ix-r lb- Veil
nnlshed. 50<&<C5o; Calf, tlnlxhed, 7.VTisl 20-' Sides'
finished. 16® 17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits Wii
Me; Rough Splits. SQ'lOo per 11,. ' *
OlL,— California Castor Oil. in can** Nn 1
V.V: pure. Jl 10: Unseed on. In barrel*. bolW
Wo: raw. Me; canes. Be more; LarU Oj| extra
winter strained, barrels. Me; No. 1. t9t canes
to. more; China Nut, M#Oe per rallon; pure
Neatsfoot «.dl. barrela. COo; cases. 6.V- Sperm
pure. 60c: Whale Oil,. natural white 32Uc- Pa
cific Kubber Mixed Paints. Whit.- and ' House
color*. $1 2!Kil 33 per ration; wagon colors Vit
2 ■ per Bailor. ' *"**
PKTHOI.KIM. GASOLINE. ETC. - Wnter
white OoaJ Oil. In bulk. Mo; Pearl Oil in
ratten. 20c: Antral. 20c: Star. »c; Extr Star
Oil. 240; Elaine. 230: Eocene. T2c: I • !.rl7H,i
Gasoline. in bulk. I*.-. do. cane*. 22c: Itenzlne
In bulk, l&'ic: do. case.. 2114 c: »•> decree Oaso^
line, In bulk. Be; cases. 27c per gallon
CANDLES-Electrlc I.l ht Candles-Slxea. l«
OS. 20 *ets. lie per *et: sixes. 14 02. 20 sets 10c
»lxen. 12 ox, 20 seta. 9c; Mxes. 10 07 20 sets
»>4o; 12 01. 40 seta, hotel, 9»ic. Graaiti
Mining Candles— Sixes. 16 oe. 40 nets, UVxC per
set; sixes, IS ox, 20 sets. 11**0 ; sixes. 14 oz. 40
seta, 10>ic; sixes. 14 oz. 20 sets. 10\c; sixes. 12
oz. 20 set*. Hie: sixes. 10 os. 29 sets. %• :
twelves. 12 oz, 40 set*, hotel. lOVic. Paraffins
Wax Candles. White— Ones. 14 ox. 23 sets. 12 l ic
l»er pet; twos, 14 oz. 25 sets. 12>ic: fours. 14 os,
26 sets, 12'ic; sixes. 14 oz. M sets. 12 l «c: twelves,
'.4 oz, 36 sets, 12*;r; Colored, Ie hlsher.
WHITE LEAI>-Quoted at IHOTUc: Red
Lead and Lltharße. 6»i«jT^c j»r Ib.
TUKPENTINE— In cas«w. 73c: la Iron barrels,
CSc: In woorfen bajrelp. 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, «lc; raw. barrels.
59c: cases, Si; more.
QUICKSILVER Xl 60j?32 50 per flask for lo
cal use and 346 50^47 CO for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Kino Ousted 5Se:
Powdered. M4c; Candy Granulated. Cc; l»ry
C.rnnu! I ' A~ic; Confectioners' A. 4%c: Cali
fornia A. ; Magnolia A. 4^c; Extra C. 4%c:
Qolden C, 4 l ic; hnm>ls, l-16c more: half-bar
rel?, >;c more; boxes. 4c more; W-ll) bass,
i;e more. No onler taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels,
sr»c: boxes. S^c per Ib.
LUMBEU— Iletall prices are as follows: Pin*,
ordinary sizes, $l»v*rlT. rxtra sizes, htKher;
Kedwood, JlTtflS for No. 1 and Jls'*l« for No. 1
Lath. 4 fe*t, f2 M^2 30: Pickets. $18; Shingles.
St 75 for Common and $2 76 tor fancy: Khakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, i;i'(j27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 19.
Flour, qr ska... 3-".»:.4 Hops, bales S3
Wheat ctl* 3.6"')! Wool. XiX» 31
Barley, rtls 3.7ir. Pelts. Iklls 267
Dats. ctls 270 llUlen. No .... 257
I'orn. East. ctls.. l.'/'Vi Kggs. doz I.TM
I.utter. ctls 21«. Sugar, bbls 30
Tallow, .-tls 44* Sugar, sks «flu
f'heese. ctl I, Quicksilver, flsks 21
Beans, »ks 1 •«>; leather, rolls ... 9'
Potatoes, t>ks .... 2,.t:o;\Vine. gals ... M.X.V,
Onions, ska . . ~CH Urandy, gals 24,3ij0
Ha) tons I&o;Ralzins. bxs 1,750
Straw, tons 40!Ume. bbls Hi
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska I.333!Cran, ska CM
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 8.651 Bran, sks 375
Oats, ctls 14>-0 Flaxseed. sks .... 400
Wheat, ctls 720
THE STOCK -MARKET.
Securities were generally weak In the morn-
Ing, but there was less demoralization than on
Monday. There was a slight recovery In Spring
Valley Water, Giant Powder and one or two
others, while the sugar Blocks as a rule were
of! again somewhat. Trading was active.
The German Savings and I>,an Society will
ray dividends of 4 per cent per annum on term
and 3 1-3 per cent on ordinary deposits oa Jan-
The San Francisco Savings Union will pay
a dividend of 3** P-t cent per annum on term
depo.«lt3 and 2\ s per cctil on ordinary deuoelta
on January 2.
The Fresno Loan and Saving Hank la paying
a dividend of l\> per cent In liquidation ■>( de
posits.
The Eastern Pynamlte Company paid a auar
terly dividend of « on the lith
The Hutchlrumn Sugar I'lantatlon Company
will pay a dlvi.l. of 23c to-day.
The J-'prlnir Valley Water Company will pay a
dividend of 42c per share to-day.
Tho Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a dividend of Me per share
amounting to J30.0C0. to-day.
The report of the Alaska Mexican mine for
the past tlscal month shown 14.024 tons ore
crushed, fielding llS.OCii. and 222 tons sulphu
ret» saved of a valui of |60M. Gross yield 123 -
791: average of fire, II C 3 i*-r ton. The working
expenses were $1R,925.
The Alaska t'nitnl mine reports 21 304 tons !
ore crushed, valued at $37,593. and 475 tons sul
phured saved of a value r>f $13.3.%3. 'ir *» yield
Jj4.Gl3. and working expenses, $37,540. The ore
averaged $2 10 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 19—2 p. m.
_ _ _ Bid Ask.! Bld.Ask.
U ■ Bonds— lEqult GL. Co. 5 »',
(i quar coup.. — — (Mutual El Co. 13 T i 14
Is quar rag.... — — jo G Lft 11... — 44
Is quar new... — — pac Gas Imp.. 474 to
*s quar coup... 109 110 Pac Light Co. — 41
Miscellaneous— iS FG & E ... — 5"*4
Cal-ft Cub 55. .117*; - San Francisco. 34 Z\
C C Wat Rs....lCS\ — i«tocktcn Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & V 65.. 130 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Flrem's Fund. — 239
Geary-«t R So. — 96 I Bank Stocks—
HC & 3 IHa..IU — ,Anglo-Cal Ltd. 85 —
do 5s luS'i — Bank of CaJ... — 405
L A Ry 5s — 10« CalS D & T.. — —
LAL Co 65... 99 — ul S D A T. . — —
do gntd 65... 93 — (First Nat10n1.,233 —
do irntd :5... — 10J I. n I' &A. 131 1324
LA& P R Cs. — 1024 Merchants' Ex — i.;
Markct-Kt 6a... — 130 Scv Nat 8k... — 190
do Ist " t..11<! 117 Pavings Banks—
N<■ N (I X 7».112 — Her 8 & L...1730 —
NR of Cal 65. 1154 — Hum S & L...10J0 1160
Xl C R R 6s. 1014 — Mut Sv 8k... 39 45
N Rof Cal r.s ir.' , lll'-.. S F Say U... 500 —
N l 1l 1 CV. H ss.ir>7H — Say a L So.. — S2
M Ctl R R St.loß — Sco Sv 8k.... — JlO
OG L & H ia |<M — jL'nlon T C0. ..K01 1440
Oak Tran 6*... — 113 ' Street Railroads-
Oak \V Co 6s. .lig — California 1: 123
Ocean S S r.n.. 10*4109.; (>ary-st ... 50 —
Om C Ry 6*. .126.; — tfarket-st Ry.. 554 69
PACI Ry Cs.. — 110 )SLft H.... — 80
Pk it ORy 60.115 — ?r»sldlo 15 27«j
Powpll-st R «s. — 122 Powder .Stocks—
Sao El G &R3s — — !?allfornla — US
B 1 & \ P r»i.U3 11.14 S Dynamite... 85 —
- F A S Jvis.lls 1154 Slant Con Co. 1% —
- Ry cr Cal 6s.lOS«i — il'lgorlt 2*i •>:
3 P of A 6a.... — 113 Sugar
s' P C 65<(1'.^5).107«i — 'lana P C 0.... 7H I
S P C 6sO»'«).lll — lav C4S Co » —
Bp c e»n9l2>. — — Konokaa H Co. 29« i —
aPCI* eg is. — — 4utcl S P Co. 23 T i 24
■: (• Hr to. 123412 »U'< I Inuea S Co.. 16 20
9 V Wat *■*.... — 1144 iM.ika well B Co 4&»; 41
9 V AVat 4* — — — hnnmei S Co. 23 294
R V W4«(3dm).10O»; — iPanuhau S Co. 284 27
Stkton <;,,„ 6,. — — ! Miscellaneous—
Watrr Stocks— I XI Pack Assn. — 117
rontrn Costa.. 74 744 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — Veal. - Co.. — 93
Spring Valley. 94»; 95 if'ac A F A.... I* —
Gas A Electric— [pac C Bor Co. — *14"".,
Cent Gas C 0... — — ; l ar Paint Co.. 9' —
Cent L & P.... s«i «'.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Equitable Gas 5 0)
35 Giant Powder Con 88 50
55 liana Plantation Co 7 60
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 90 ro
140 Hnnokaa S Co 30 00
100 Honokan S Co 29 50
60 IT kaa S Co - , --,
2*> Hutehlnson - 1' Cd "■ 23 j rt
50 Hutehln.son S P Co »3 73
14.'. Hutehlnson S P Co »3 srix
29:. Makawoll 40 75
30 Makawelt 4,5 571/
20 Market Street Railway ' 60 00
10 Market Street Railway 59 7;
5 Market Street Railway 59 -^
15 Market Street Railway 63 37U
2<t Varket Street Railway S9 m
IB Market Street Railway " jil 30
J;.o<o Market St Ry Ist Con 5s VIS 00
2«0 Paauhau a P Co 27 00
100 Paauhau R P Co ;.;;; 26 g7ti
In i'.i. <;.f imp " y>
Id Pa< Ifl • Lighting '*' 4* m
6S S F Gas &. Electric Co " s-» on
J2WO S P of A Bonds "in 1.,
K'.KO S P Branch Ry 6s ■■■■ 1^ t S
IS V Water 9\ m
LL 8 8 T^ er i ™:::SS,
CO Hana Plantation Co 7 tO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
175 Ditablfl Gas m M
50 (Jlant Powder Con. a9O . . ca tv\
100 Giant Powder Con «i L'
1M Hana Plantation Co !.'."'" -zn
55 Hana Plantution Co •••--. „•
2.1 Hana Plantation Co '""* - jrj
165 Honokaa S Co " «L --
45 Hutcblnaon s P Co "" « i,i
170 Hut.hlnson S P Co ;, ST*
20 Hutchlnaon BP Co . "" ' ,,
223 Makawell in «
170 Market Street Railway....!."""""" -« £!
£0 Market Street Railway ?,, viy.
5 Mutual Electric Light... S Sfi
70 Onomea Sugar Co ii ,A a
50 On.'mea Sugar Co 2 ,
10 Pacific Coast Borax ,22
210 Paauhau S P Co 2 «',•
CO Paauhau 8 P Co. s 90.... "" S «-,'
15 lauhan Sp Co fl Si •«
JIOOO S F & S J V 80nd5....."! ,7- if.
150 S F Gas & Electric Co . " 'its
75 S FGu & Electric Co ...;; ?i i?
2i)o Vlgorlt Powder ,«
20 S V Water 1i.".".*."11!"** 95 00
Street —
$MOO Northern Rv of Pal 5s 113 M
J3OOO S P Branch Ry 8s V...... '.'.'.'.'.'.. \u 75
SAN FRANCISCO HTOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board — .
Km Cal st Cable Rs lit no
lftO Equitable <Sas '.'.'.'.'."' 5 37»'
20 Hoiidkaa Sugar Co .'.'...'.'..! "9 73
30 Honokaa Hugar «;o "-. 6'U
20 Hunokaa Sugar Co ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'..'. "9 50
mV;rs" hh = a , v .. 8 ! i . r.. co l,gg
100 VI S crlt Powder '"V.V.V.V.V.'.'.'.'. 323
Afternoon Hesslon.
20 Contra Costa Water T4 no
r« Equitable Gas "" 5 jjj,
10 Giant Powder Con ) ts 23 '
SO H<>n<>kaa Sugar Co '." yj 75
2.". Honokaa Sugar Co " " »-a
2it Hnwitan Coml & Sugar *) m
2u I'ariuhau Sucar Co ;n 75
23 S V Gas A Electric Co ' 62 i"v«
10 3 V Water : 35 W
. PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose IS nn
lino Dominion * ** "
700 Dominion ••••.... «o
Street— *•
2-10 Home OH »»«0
«« t% . . Afternoon Session.
%<*> Dominion „
GOO Dominion ***** :i
600 IB Lula ■!"-•"' 5 £u^.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND GROCERY AUCTION.
— — —
NEW TORK AUCTION CO.
J. Gollobar. President. Office an 1 Salesroom,
in Battery st.
FRANK W. BUTTER FIELD. Auctioneer.
THIS HAY.
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER ». UN
$5000 Stock of Finest 1 Groceries and
Liquors, $325 Cash Register, Etc.
Full Particulars In Chronlcl*.
TWENTY-FIRST ANI> TREAT AYE.. BET
FOLiJOM AND HARRISON.
GRAND AUCTIONSALE
ft* op £*
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
AND RACEHORSES BT
Imp. Trent /grandson of Mask*!). Mor»!H
Pel Norte. Imp. lirutus. Dare. Dr. Llndxey*
Major Ban. Imp. Crelghton. imp. Clteveden
etc., out of famous brood mares, as Iniividui'i
superior to any ever offered.
Sal* Takes Placo
TO-MORROW EVENING DECEMBER a
Commencing at 7:45 o\ : •<
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANOE.
721 HOWARD ST.. near Third.
Hones at exchange. Catalogues ready.
v- m G. LATNO. Auctioneer
CALIFORNIA OIL EX MANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave t »
! 100 Tidal Wave 21*
SCO Darker Ranch 1 15
500 Century Oil Co 1 10
ICO Anaconda Oil Co 1 15
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 30
moon 8«Mlon.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave j M
100 Tidal Wav«> 2 ;c
200 Anaconda OU Co in
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 ;o
MIXIXO STOCKS.
The following wore th# sates in the Pan Fran
cisco Stcck and Exchange Hoard yesterday:
Morning Session.
W0 Alta 05; »yj Mexican Jt
mo Belcher it »*) Ophlr Tl
7(0 Best & Filch- ■ 30 2*l Ophtr '.i
I* 1 *) Caledonia 61 s l<>> Pofosl H
500 Choi la r 151 r<'S.ivi ►.- M
1400 C C .-. Va 1 EAj «0O Sierra Nev «J
£") Oould & Curry. 10 1 too Sierra N. §30.. 43
100 Hale A N0r....* 25 400 Union Con 25
ICO Hale A. N0r.... 34, 50 Yeilow Jacket. 10
Afternccn Session.
600 Best & Belcher. :: KM Ophlr TT
100 i "hollar 15 ' 100 Overman 11
650 C C & Va 1 V.' 2CO Potost 17
100 Crown Point... ]. *"•■ Sea; Belcher.... t.2
100 Mexican li' 4M Sierra Nev 44
100 Occidental . . 12. 100 Union Con Z%
The followlnr were the tales in the Pactfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning gesslon.
1400 Alta ... 05! M Mexican II
200 Andes . it IN Mexican Jl
200 Best * Belcher. 31 «f!0 Ophtr "S
TOO Best & Belcher. M JOO Potosl 11
700 Best & Belcher. > 400 Sierra Nev 45
2fiO Caledonia 51 TOO Sierra Ncr 44
VZA CCA Va 1 U 3PO Union Con M
M<o C C * Va 142', 100 Vtah C 4
MCC* Va 1 «0, 270 Yellow Jacket.. 19
3CO CC &Va 1 IT', Closing quotations De
9CO Carters O M C. 35
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 11 :'-■ Mexican . 23
350 Belcher U\ tOO Occidental 11
2CO Best & Belcher. 2S 1 300 Ophlr 77
2fjO Challenge Con. . 11 to Othlr 7»
600 C C & Va....l 671,! 200 Potosi 1*
15 C C Si Va IN 300 Pot 17
EOO Crown Point.... 12; 400 Favage 04
CO Gould tc Curry. 10 100 Sierra Nev 44
2W> Hale & N0r.... 34, 250 Union Con 21
100 Justice OS, 50 Yellow Jacket. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. December I%— p. m.
Bld.Ask.,lu3tlce C 3CJ
Alpha — 04 Kentuclc 01 03
Alta 04 ex? i.R'.y Washtn.. 03 —
Andes 11 12 Mexican 13 23
Belcher 11 14 Occidental 12 It
Rest & Belcher. 21 2» .*>phlr 77 71
Bullion 03 04 Overman 10 1 1
Caledonia M 5.1 Potosl 17 11
: 'hollar 15 15 -ma** nt 1»
Challenge Con.. 11 13 Hcorplon 03 —
Confidence « TO Seg Belcher.... — fi
CC* Va 155 1 W 3lerra Nev . 44 43
Con Imperial... 31 tl Silver Hill — 07
Con New York. — 01 St Louis .... 07 —
rrown Point.... 13 H Standard lain
Exchequer .. — c: Hi r. '.lv.it* — os
Gould & Curry. II 12 Union Con 25 27
Hale Si N0r.... 31 17 Utah Ot CI
Julia — 02; Yellow Jack*,. 10 U
Time Ball.
Branch HydregrapMc Office. U. B. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaJ.,
December 19. ISM.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building in dropped at exactly noon to-day
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
1. *.. at noon of the l??h meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N.. In chars*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of Hlfh an. l-»--»
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Bar*
Francisco Day. Published by official au
thority of th« Superintendent.
NOTE—The hit and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) atmut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Poln»;
the height of tide Is the name at both places.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER ».
Sun rises 7.: i
Bun sets 4:34
Moon rises |:J2 p. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tide*
the rarly morning tides are xjven In the left
hand column and th» successive tlrirs of ::.■■»
day In the order of occurrence v to time. Th*
*econd tim« column elves the mcr. ! tide »t
the .lay. the third time •column the third t 1 !■•
an.l the last or right hand column gives •; •»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
slven are In addition tr> the soundings on ti ■*
T'nlte.l States <v».t Survey charts, except
when a minus ulitn (—) precedes the helcht.
and then the number given la subtracted from
th* depth given »'. the charts. The plane .f
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
to Aimm:.
TO BAIU
Continued on P»ge Thirteen,NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
NEW CITIZENS
MUST NOT LOOK
UPON RED WINE
Judge Ogden Sets a
Sober Standard.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
•06 Broadway, Dec. 19.
»™££°f Judge F. B. Ogden Inaugurated
another Innovation to-day by creating a
new standard of American dtlzenshin
one whose Intent and purpose would ex
clude foreigners who axe too much given
to flirting with the festive bowl that In
toxicates. As a consequence Peter Me
<- askill a Canadian subject of Queen Vic
toria, has failed to achieve the object of
Ms ambition, and In addition he will most
irobably lobe his Job as a ship carpenter
at the Mare Island Navy Yard
Peter McCasklll had been residing at
Haywards for several years, and whether
r..s Government Job In the navy yard
*hould continue Intact depended upon his
ability and qualification to register to-day
as a citizen of the United States.
McCasklll came early to avoid the rush
any possibly unforeseen delays. rea
tf-rday morning he appeared In Judge Og
oen « court ready to be ex
amined on questions pertaining, to
nls qualifications for admission to
mizc-nshJp. He was accompanied
r>y his sponsors. Charles Rupprlcht, a dep
uty County Assessor, and J. J. Carthy.
But Judge Ogden was busily occupied
with other matters and Invited the appli
cant for citizenship to appear again later
In the day. McCasklll did so.
Late In the afternoon McCasklll sailed
Into court quite a few sheets In the win.l.
He walked up before the Judge's bench
after the fashion of a nervous passenger
on a boat being pitched by a heavy sta.
Judge Ogden promptly surmised the In
toxlcatt-d condition of the applicant and
as promptly dismissed him from his pres
ence.
To-day McCaeklll, having regained his
equilibrium, appeared in a sober frame of
mind ar.d body to renew his desire to re
rounce his allegiance to the Queen and
become an accredited citizen, when Judge
<»gden very emphatically denied him a
liresence.
"I pave you an opportunity vesterlay
to be examined." said Judge Ogden. "and
you appeared In an Intoxicated condition.
A man who would come Into a court of
Justice In that condition Is not a fit sub
ject to he admitted to citizenship In tr-.e
United Statea. I will not entertain your
application any further, nor will I hear
nry testimony. If another Judge- will
hear you. very well, but I will not. and
you cannot become a citizen through this
court."
McCasklll. greatly chagrined, left the
courtroom meditating upon the fata of
his Government Job.
HELD COURT AT SICK
WITNESS' BEDSIDE
OAKLAND, Dec. 39.— There was a novel
proceeding to-day In the suit of W. A.
House against H. A. Maehler for an ac
counting. When the case was called for
trial before Judgo Greene th« attorney
for tho defense moved for a continuance
on the ground that defendant's wife, one
of tho principal witnesses, was too ill to
appear In court. Tho plaintiff raised an
objection, but the Judge compromised the
matter by deciding to hold court at the
bedside of Mrs. Maehler at her home In
Piedmont. Tho Judge, clerk, stenog
rapher, attorneys and witnesses proceeded
to tho Maehler residence this afternoon,
and there Mrs. Maehler's deposition was
taken.
Changes In Trolley System.
OAKLAND. Dec 1». — Important
<• made In the Berkeley
and >S>st Oakland electric cars on or
-Unas. Hy these changes cars
way of Ixirin and Shat
est Oakland
Cars from Berkeley on the
• line will run .lown Four
e • Washington, down
■\VasV r::»;h:h and then west to
i^if. I'riint This makes traniferrlng at
and Wtshlr.gton unnecessary.
CALIFORNIA BUREAU
TO SERVE COMMERCE
THREE ASSOCIATIONS ASKED TO
FAVOR IDEA.
Action Deferred Until After Proposi
tion Has Been Fully and Care
fully Considered at
Meeting*.
The Manufacturers' and Producer*" Ae
fodation. the Merchants* Association and
the State Hoard of Trade have been re
quested to take up at their meetings to
he held In January the subject of the es
tablishment of a bureau at Washington,
headed by some able Californlan. whoso
business It will bo to watch all Indications
between cessions of Congress that might
iJTect the commercial Interests of Cali
fornia. This Idea was originated when it
appeared that the reciprocity treaties
negotiated with France and Jamaica con
tained provisions that **— detrimental
to this State.
One idea advanced Is that It Is to the
Interest of the State to have California
viroaucts placed under low export rates.
This Is the practice of the large Intercuts,
t<> it is hold, that are largely concerned In
Laving the reciprocity treaties negotiated.
These according to the same view of the
case are American enterprises, like the
Standard Oil Company. Representation
thut there was a chance to widen the
market for any product was probably the
Initial step. The next was to communl
rato with the Government of the foreign
country In which a wider Held was sought.
Then correspondence would follow* but
when ibis na< going on California's knew
nothing of the matters discussed and
were in totnl ignorunco how their Inter
cuts might be affected.
A German reciprocity treaty Is probably
well under way. Minister White told
lcldor Jacobs at Berlin some months ago
that such treaty was under consideration
Ly -son and the representatives of the
German Government.
Mr. Jacobs said yesterday that he was
toon going to Europe and expected to gain
home information there. He was firm in
the belief that the time to do effective
work for the benefit of California at the
national caj ltal was before conditions ad
verso to Californlan interests were con
trived and put into treaties. The pros
perity cf the State, he said, depended
upon the proper distribution of its prod
ucts intended for export- Work of that
port was of the highest value.
Nothing farther will probably be ef
fected toward the establishment of the
proposed bureau at Washington until
af t« r the three associations have had time
to act.
OCCIDENTiLL INSTALLS.
Th* Officers of a Masonic Lodge Take
Their Stations for the Current
Year.
Last Monday night Kin* Solomon's
Hall In the Masonic Temple waa a perfect
bower of pine garlands, Christmas bcrrlos
nnd Australian tern* The result was one
of th« prettiest decorations In two colors
that has ever been seen In a Masonic
lr>d(re room. The reason for thl« was the
Installation of the officers, elected and np
polntcd. of Occidental Lodg-e. Free and
Accepted Masons, who for the current
year are: E. J. Thoma*. worshipful mas
LIVED IN A HUT UNFIT FOR HABITATION.
WHHRE THE SUFFERING MAN WAS FOUND.
57v? LAMEDA, Dec. 19.— Living: In a
/LAX hovel without the necessities,
ft \ much less the comforts of life.
Health Officer Stldham found
William Abjohn, and had him removed
to the Oakland Receiving Hospital,
where the old man Is now dying from
pneumonia contracted In the hut in
which he lived. This discovery by the
Health Officer has disclosed a remark
able and unusual family condition.
William Abjohn and his wife have
lived for years within four doors of
each other, the wife In a house of her
own, and the husband In a little hut In
the rear of the homestead, which has
been placed In his wife's name and
which Is now rented. While they
have lived thus for years. U. wife
never visited her husband and ho
never visited her, unless he got drunk
and then he was always arrested for
his visit.
Health Officer Stldham was notified
last Sunday that the old man was
rick in the hut In which he had been
living, and visiting the place Mr.
Stidham found that the old man was
suffering from Inflammatory rheu
matism and pneumonia, and that the
place where he was staying was not
lit for a well person, much less a sick
man. Ho then ordered him removed
to Oakland, where he is now being
cared for.
Abiohn and his wife have been sep
arated for several years, and so com
plete was this estrangement that she
did not even visit him when he was
taken sick, and the old man told the
Alameda police that he had called at
her house before he went to his hut
and Ehe would not give him a drink
of water.
Mrs. Abjohn does not deny these
statements, but says that she has
been so badly treated by her husband
ter: George "W. Drew, senior warden; A.
Lewis, Junior warden; C. L. HaekeH.
treasurer; W. O. Anderson, secretary; C.
H. Murphy, senior deacon: J. A. Snook,
Junior deacon: Julius Haste, marshal: J.
11. Barnett and Lyford St. Clalr. stew
ards; J. N. D. Jensen, tyler.
After tho ceremonies, In the presence of
a very large number of members and vis
itors there was en adjournment to the
commander}' banquet hall, on the upper
floor, where a supper, such as this lodge
always has at Its festivities, a gem of the
gastronomic art. was served. During the
evening E. F. Delger. the retiring master,
was on behalf of the lodge, presented a
beautiful Jewel of his rank, and he In turn
presented the new master. E. J. Thomas
a gold vest <~hain and keystone charm.
Then followed responses to toasts, by K.
F Delger, Dr. U. Beverley Cole. Lieuten
ant E. K. L. Johnson and Michael Joseph
Savage. The lodge's quartet rendered a
number of vocal selections appropriate to
the festive occasion.
MISS FORMAN TO
WED A LONDONER
Local Belle Announces Her
Engagement to Arthur
J. Grander.
Quite the most interesting engagement
of the season was made public yesterday,
when Mr. and Mrs. Sands Forma an
nounced that their daughter. Miss Ger
trude Forman, would be married to Arthur
J. Brander early in January, IS9O.
The announcement of the engagement
was a great surprise to the many friends
of the Drlde-to-be, who for the past few
reasons has been a popular belle. The
happy man is a Londoner and the coast
representative of the wealthy London
shipping concern, the Pacific Island Com
pany. It was not the intention of tho
young people to be married so soon, but
on advice from the home ofllce making it
Imperative that Mr. Bran proceed to
Australia it was decided to hasten the
wedding day.
The young couple will sail for Australia
on the Mth of January and will remain
there for Fix months. Although there is
a possibility that they will, after their
Australian sojourn, remain in this city for
pome time, their ultimate home will be in
London. The exact date of the marriage
h.ia not yet been Fet and the only ar-.
rangement bo far decided upon is that the
wedding will be a very quiet one.
ENGINE WRECKED.
Brakeman Thrown From a Car and
Painfully Injured-
HOL.LISTER. Dec. 19.— A defective
(-witch south of town caused the wreck
of irln.* 1279 of the Southern Pacific at
noon to-day. The enirine and one car left
the track, topplinp over and breaking a
heavy steel rail. Brakeman Kpplnosa was
thrown from his car. All the fingers of
his left hand were broken and he was
palnfullv injured In other parts of the
Body, Passenger travel was Interrupted
until th« arrival of a relief engine from
(illroy. . '■■•-■-' _
Struck by a Train.
I OS ANQBLBB, Dee. 19.— Daniel Curtis,
a rancher of Elizabeth i^ako. waa severe
ly Injured to-<lay by the Southern i'acirtc
(')wi train In the A.ntelop< Valley. .M<>
wns driving a wagon containtnjc a load of
n, and attempted to cross the
track ahead of the train. Both horn^
wen killed, the wagon demolished and
Curtis severely Injured about the body.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, IM<>9.
that she wants nothing more to do
with him.
"He has beaten me and broken the
windows and furniture In my house.
ami has s^ 111-treated me that I ran-
DC«r esra f"r him. While we
■ divorced 1 do not regard him
as my husband."
Mrs. AtiJ hn called at the Receiving
IUJ In Oakland to-nUht for tIM
first time Flnce her husband v. as tak
en sick. Bhe refused to see him and
left orders what to do with him
should he die.
"If Mr. Abjohn dies I would like to
have him sent to St. Mary's Ceme
tery," said an elderly woman, who did
not Introduce herself to Steward Bor
chert to-night.
"But the man Is not dead yet." said
the steward In surprise, "and he must
have some relatives. Are you a rela
tive of his?"
"Not a blood relative." replied tho
woman.
"Well, wo will have to see his wife,"
■•Id Mr. Borchert.
"I was his Wife, but we are not liv
ing together." replied the woman.
"Would you like to see him?" asked
the steward.
"No. I don't care to g-o In." said
Mr*. Abjohn. and she left, having
merely made arrangements for his
funeral while he was still alive.
Health Officer Surinam has ordered
the hovel in which the old man lived
cleaned, and has declared It unfit for
habitation and will allow no one to
occupy It In the future.
"I have very little hope of living
and no regrets If I should die." said
Abjohn to-day, as he lay on a cot
at the Receiving Hospital. "Death
would now he the greatest satisfac
tion of a life that has been full of
mistakes. I would rather be dead ten
times over than ever go back to my
wife. It has been one continual bat
tle between us and It Is well that we
are the only two fools perhaps, for we
have neither friends nor enemies.
Three times she has tried to pet a
divorce, because she says I was cruel,
but she failed. I would not try to
pet one from her. because I didn't
think It worth the while, and any way
all she wants Is the property, worth
about $4000. I bought the property
with my earnings from the railroad.
"But what Is th« use, of talking
about her? It will all be over soon.
"We were married thirty years ago
and I always worked hard and saved
considerable money. I have also
blowed In a good deal of money, but
I ntn sorry as I He here dying that
I didn't blow myself for every cent
I ever had."
"HOTTEST COON"
HAS COME TO TOWN
!T IS the privilege of the public to seek
Its amusement where It llsteth. an<l
this week it seems that "The Hottest
Coon in Dixie," at the California,
tempts the taste of our theater-goers. Tho
house was crowded with a pepper-and
.audience last night, but. frankly the
frhow la unworthy of criticism an I has
no merit beyond a sort of forced humor
UUtOt l>- gauged by ar.y sauo stand
...■• iui objection to <irop
jiing chicken-feed in the l.ut <>f v c
man who will thwack r >i- - ba
<lust Urn cnri>--i for fifteen minutes or so.
but it Ks rubbing It In when wo are asked
t" stand for three hours of such entertain-
If San Francisco were a larger—
1 ii much larger city; If It had a cheap dis
trict supporting cheap "theaters, the coon
ly mljfht thrive therein and fall to
I, but to foist it upon the &tage of a
waa opened by Booth and
1 riiade memorable by many other estimable
artists, Is nothing short of an insult to
s of the stage.
Inferior attractions have got beyond the
point of bi-lng merely menaces to theatric
art; they have gained a foothold ami cor
ru;t*(l the drama almost Irremediably.
ih is "The Hottest Coon in Dixie."
' It is not alone the stage that suffers by
Incursions; we are deprived of the
ea by this "open door" poll
thiairlcal managers of men who may be
a waiters and women who may be
kn.
•"The Hottest Coon In Dixie" is a con
ration of coon songs and cak.walk.*
.ii Indistinguishable plot. The dla
what there is of it. Is Irrelevant
Is intruded to bo funny and hence
i very comma is treated to a titter and
• very i< i l with a Biggie, if
there be merit In neproid nimhleness and
I think there Is, it Is not given a chance
In this Fhow throußh a surfeit of variety
and it Is much to be preferred In a dif
irrent and less prr-tentintis settlna
PORTER (iAHNKTT.
The Black Pattl Troubadours have
scored a hit at the New Alhambra. In
; the first part the troubadours demon
strate their fun-making capabilities For
an hour they mix up ragtime melody
catchy songs and ensembles, come
, the funniest port, buck dancing and Rn
'exhibition of graceful cakewalks w H
rt. who carried off the prize, falrlv
\va.\e< eloquent with his feet. Ulack
l'atti was warmly received. The quin
tet is good and the chorus Is the best
that has ever been with the black sonc
■tress.
MISS MILLIE FLYNN'S
FAREWELL CONCERT
A farewoll concert was given hy Miss
Aflllle Flynn at Sherman & Clay Hall lad
evening. Mi*B Flynn is one of the most
prominent and capable vocalists in San
Francisco, and it was therefore not sur-
I-rlslng that her friends turned out in full
force to bid her goodby. Miss Flynn will
leave for New York in a few days in
• • •>• r to continue her studies and at the.
fsame time seok nn <-nt;agumi-nt In a
church choir. A young lady with Mian
Flynn's abilities should have no dlfllculty
in realizing her ambition. The pro
gramme waa as follows:
Quartet, "Gypsy Song" (Schumann). HIM
Flynn, Hn Blrmlnrhain. Mr. Wendell, Mr.
Mills; rtoltn solo, 'Souvenir de Haydn 1 (Ueon
1 v*"w villM T^^ l *"^ w " v^ WMHPivv^^^^ M T^ H^^^^ H^T^" aH ' l l'77 M| i H^>¥*v^«>^'^«^^^^H^HHM
TWO OLD PEOPLE,
WEARY OF LIFE,
TURN ON GAS
Moved by Age, Two
People Seek Death.
Oakland OftW s an Francisco Call,
Broadway. Dec. 19.
Two aped people, weary of life, took
their lives In the same manner to-day.
One was Mrs. Virginia Coonradt, aged 64
years, and the other John Sohmer, aged
60 years, and both turned on the gas.
Mrs. Coonradt was a widow who resided
with her children at 648 Chetwood street.
Piedmont. She retired last night as
usual, without any warning of suicide,
and was found tliia morning dead in bed,
with the gas turned on full in the room.
She had not been in good health for some
time, and about two years ago she was
confined for a while In an asylum. She
recovered her mind sufficiently to be
taken home, but evidently a suicidal
mania developed and she determined to
die.
John Sohmer, the father-in-law of Clem
Martin of the Liberty Bakery, was found
m I room in the Shasta House with the
gas turned on. lie had been dead several
hours when found.
Sohnu-r had been working for TVUllam
Kohk-r at his saloon at Sixteenth street
and Telegraph avenue, near the Shasta
House, when* he went to die. Mr. K-ihler
says that he loft the saloon yestt-r.luy
afternoon In normal health ana without
any actions that would lead to the sus
picion that he expected to take his life.
His friends and rehuives did not see him
again until he was found In a room In the
lodging-house with the pas turned on.
Age Is believed to have weakened his
mind, for no other reason can be as
signed.
MRS. JOHN MARTIN
CLASHES WITH THE COURT
OAKLANT>. Pec. I?.— Mrs. John Mar
tin, she of the famous Henry Martin will
contest, is having more or less trouble
with the courts of Oakland all the time.
A few days aso she seized the household
furniture of R. I. Hanson, one of her
tenants, be laimed that Hanson
had not paid his rant. Hanson swore out
a H« arch warrant to recover the goods,
and Mr* Martin appeared In court as her
■
a Judge Smith that she
did not want him talking to Prosecuting
; ■ :i'h when ihe could not hear
what he was saying, and she refused to
• during the afternoon be
shc had a ilinnor party on hand.
Smith replied tta H if it was not for
x be would M-nd her to Jail for con
tempt of C 'Urt, and ordered her to cut the
dinner party.
Mrs. M;irtln took Judge Smith's advice
and during the afternoon won her case.
The f> :ir h warrant was dismissed. Judge.
Smith holding that tli« case was one for
the civil courts to settle.
TWENTY-ONE CARLOADS OF
HOPS LEAVE PLEASANTON
PLEASANTON, Dec. 19.— A train of
twenty-one carloads of hops left Pleasan
ton laM night bound for London, England.
From a commercial standpoint this ship
ment Is one of the most Important ever
made In Alameda. <ounty. The tralnload
v.is estimated at 2000 bales, weighing 1%
pounds each, or a total of 3.1.170 pounds.
The crop cost 1 cent a pound to pick,
making an outlay of 514,000. At 15 cents
per pound In London the tralnload will
bring its owners a grots return of
J05.675 50.
The cars were decorated In red, white
and blue, and bore placards indicating the
place In which the hops w«>rn grown.
The shipment will be taken to Algiers,
La., and embarked from that point.
The Pleasanton Hop Company have the
largest hopftelda In the world and are the
property of E. R. LJlienthal of San Fran
cisco.
and). John Marquardt; •on*. "Th« Rouen
Rider" (A. Buzzl-Peccla). F. G. B. Mills; aria.
"A-scolte" (Bellini), Miss Miriam Cone; valt«
SO&B, "Delight" (Luckstone). Miss Millie
Flynn; son&. "Love's Nocturne" (Lawrence
Kellie). Clarence Wendell: "Air de Romeo et
Juliet" (Varcai). Mrs. Blrmln*ham; aria, "Die
I'assente." "Faust" "(Gounod). Harry I Wood
Brown: duet. "Racordare" (requiem) iVerill),
Miss Millie Flynn and Mrs. Birmingham; quar
tet. "The Stars That Above Us Are ShlnlnK"
(predosa) (Weber). Miss Flynn. Mrs. Birming
ham. Mr. Wendell. Mr. Mills.
SAYS THEY NEGLECTED HIM.
William H. Kruse Applies for an Al
lowance From His Brother's
Estate.
■William IT. Kruse, whom his brothers,
Edward P. E. and Emil T. Kruse, allege
Is Incompetent through dissipation, was
before Judge Cofff-y to answer
the petition whereby his brothers seek
guardianship letters over his person and
estate. Charles H. Bane, J. N. Frye and
EL T. Kruse tave testimony In relation to
tho respondent's residence, that the Juris
diction . >f tlie court mighi !.<• <1. tcrmined,
;if t.-r which the matter m submitted on
briefs.
Judge Coff>y said that In his opinion the
physical condition of tin- r> .- pendent was
bitch as to affect his mentality and he
thought that If Kruse would go back to
the Sonoma farm his brothers would see
that he wai cared f"r. 11. Digby John-
Hton, who represented the respondent,
said that the coon bad no power to estab
lish Its <>wn Jurisdiction. Judge Coffey
acknowledged the (act, but said that the
more the court attempted to pour oil on
the troubled watan the more turbulent
they became through the churning of
counsel. This ended the discussion and
the case will rest until tho matter of Jurls
illc tion has i.i en d.-t. rinlnod.
After leaving the court Kruae, tho al
leged Incompetent, filed an affidavit in the
Count) Clerk's office setting forth the
manner of his treatment at the hand* of
his brothers. In the atiidavit Kruw saya
that on November 19 he received $2 from
his brothers, this sum being all ho baa
received since the beginning of the guar
dianship proceedings except such as has
been provided for him by the hospitality
and kindness of friends. Ho aJso avers
that he is now entirely without money
and is unable to procure even the most
ordinary necessities of life. in conclusion
he asks the court for a temporary allow
ance during the pendency of tho action.
Notorious Burglar Held.
M. V, Reynolds, alias \V. B. Marvin,
alias "Bootsey," ex-convict and sneak
thief, was held to answer yesterday to the
Superior Court by Judge Conlan on three
charges of burglary in $2000 bonds on each
charg«\ 11. link.' Into tho residence of
Mrs. K. r.-atty, UH Broadway, Oakland.
July 2.. ami stole about $70 1 worth of prop
erty; December 2 he \>r< k.' into the room
of George 8. Grain. SSI Post street, and
stole clothing valued at $4f>, and Decem
ber 5 he broke into the residence of Mrs.
L. 8. Poor, 533 Taylor street, and stole
$150 worth of clothing and jewelry.
Battered an Old Man.
Harry Barton. 6S years of ago, an Inmate
of tho Crocker OM People*! iinm
cured a warrant from Ju<lro Graham yes
terday for the arrest of Special Officer
Hellbnab on a otarjM of battery. The old
man had secured the Job of \vat. King a
building In course of erection on Scott
str«" t, near Jackson, and Hellbush, who ia
a special officer in that district, it ia al
leged, resented the old man's Interference
■with his perquisites, and on tho night of
WILL DELIVER NO MAIL ON SUNDAYS IN OAKLAND
OAJCI^AND, Dec 19.— The action
of Postmaster W. H. Friend of
Uof Postmaster W. H. Friend of
Oakland In announcing that
Sunday mall delivery at the
Oakland postotUce will be stopped
after January 1 has set a new stand
ard for poatofllce work all over the
country and has attracted no little
comment from all sides. Every church
or religious society In Alarneda County
has taken some action upon this mov<\
and every one of them supports tho
action of the postmaster of Oakland.
"I have decided to do away with the
usual Sunday delivery at the Oaklani
Slot." explained Postmaster
Friend to-day, "because I do not con
sider it absolutely essential for tho
well-being of Oakland. This Sunday
delivery of mall means that one-hn'f
of our carrier force Is compelled to b»
on duty for practically the whole of
Sunday, or. In other words, the car
riers have but two Sundays a month
off instead of four. It Is the policy of
the Federal Government to recognize
Sunday wherever possible, and In my
Judgment It Is very possible in this
case. I can appreciate that in the case of largo cities, where thero is a large
transient population that needs Its mall on Sui.day. a Sunday d»-llvry In
a necessity, but this Is not the case In Oakland. I shall probably arrange
so that the hotels get their mall on Sunday, but this will only require the
services of one carrier on Sunday, or making each carrier glvo up two Sun
days a year Instead of twenty-six Sundays as he is compelled to do now. If
I find that It Inconveniences the puDlic I will change back again, but I will
try It for a while at least."
The Christian Endeavor F.odety, the Epworth League of the Methodist
church and the men's leagues of various local churches, have all passert
resolutions commending Postmaster Friend for his action. The move has
created so much attention that postmasters from all over the coast have
been writing to Mr. Friend to ask his experiences with the new move.
MR, CARNEGIE
WILL HEAR OF
EBELL SUCCESS
Ladies Praise City
Council's Action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 19.
The ladles of the Ebell Society are
plated over the action taken by the City
Council last night in accepting their
offer to give to the city a site
for the gnat Carnegie library. This,
together with the discussion that fol
lowed the introduction of Councilman
Har.ntow's resolution accepting the site
.'tt Fourteenth and Grove streets as moat
suitable, was the chief topic talked about
by the ladles to-day.
The action of the Council has won uni
versal praise on all sides, and particularly
from the Ebell ladles. Nor is Councilman
Bchaffer's steadfast adherence to his In
dividual opposition to the last commented
upon unfavorably.
"I am glad to express my heartfelt
thanks to the City Council In the name
of the Ebell Boclety for their prompt and
courteous action 1.i.-t tvining." said Mrs
R. P. Gleason, prenldent of the Ebell, to
day. "The City Council has settle 1 a
vf-xed and long delayed question, and I
BSD sure that the Councllmen, as well as
the community, are happy that It is set
tled. The deed to th« lot will bo given
to the City Council at the first meeting In
January, and it Is surely a great I
to tho members of the Ebell Society to
f< el that their work is so near comple
tion."
Just as soon as the deed to the site at
Fourteenth and Grove streets has b.-*n
tendered to and accepted by the City
Council Mr. "'irnegle will be advised that
itidltlons of his contribution of
$50,000 for a new Free Public Library
building have been complied with, and as
soon as the money is received tho City
Council will probably proceed to have
drawn plans and specifications for the
proposed structure.
December 14 knocked him down and
kicked him.
HOME FROM SEQUOIA.
Return of the Last of the Park
Guards to the Presidio.
Second Lieutenant H. B. Clarke and
Twenty-six men from Battery D of the
Third Artillery, who have been patrollng
Sequoia Park, returned to the Presidio
yesterday after marching home from the
mountains. They have been nearly two
weeks on the road. I>r. Frederick Pearl
came With them. It is probable that the
bment will !>•• .'-•■■ nt over to Lima
point to garrison Fort Haker.
Martin J. Kavanaugh. a private of the
Fourth Infantry, died at the general hos
pital yesterday.
Thfl Forty-eighth Infantry will g*>t
away from Angel Island to-day on the
tirant. They will sail at once for the Is
lands.
nd Lieutenant William 11. Winters
of thf Third Cavalry has \>ocn assigned
to the stock ship westminst< r as Quar
r. rmaster and commlssarjr. He win also
he In charge of the detachment sent in
charge of the horses on the vessel.
First Lieutenant David P. Corday of
the Seventeenth Infantry has been or
dered to report for duty with the casual
detachment at the Presidio, pending his
assignment to Manila.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Sherman A.
Yuli\ stationed at Honolulu, has been or
dered to proceed by th.- first available
transport to the Philippines.
Acting Assistant Surg.on flenreo B.
Lnwrason has been sssicued to duty on
the transport Sheridan during her n-xt
trip to the islands.
Commissary Sergeant Ch.iries A. Fortl
n< r ha« been assigned to the Kherldan
for her next trip. He will remain I r . || -
nila.
The Sherltlan will sail on January 3
with ?M recruits. It has not yet been
definitely settled whether nr not ibe will
fo north after a load of hay for thi- Stock
n Manila, but the pr«-sunu>tion Is it.it
thos.' will be her orders. Feed is getting
|OW In the Islands and the Sheridan is the
most available transport
Toys are the most profitable Invention.
Natural Laxative Water
Has Merit: cßeputation:c Reputation : Superiority.
FOR —
Constipation and Hemorrhoids
IT IS UNEXCELLED.
Beware of Substitutes!
lJ&rFiw^irr*rF^ //news \\
W. H. FRIEND.
SIMPSON'S SUIT WILL
BE TRIED IN JANUARY
OAKLAND, Dec. 19.— 1n the jensatior.al
suit of R. F. Simpson against Attorney
Kmil Nusbaumor. brought for an account-
Ing, notice was to-day given to Major J.
K. McElrath. attorney for plaintiff, that
the case by an order of court had been
been set for trial on Thursday. January
4, 1900, before Judge Greene. There was
a proposition made to have a Superior
Judge from some other county sit In ju-lg
ment at the trial, but this la bellove.l to
have fallen through. An effort will, how
ever, be made to try the case before a
Judge other than Judge CJreerte.
Oakland Shipping.
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.— Andrew Holly
wood, Collector of Port in OaKland, makes
the following statements in his annual
shipping report:
Owing to the fact that duty is collected
In San Francisco and not at the sub-pert
or point of consignment only $3439 2C of
duty has been paid In this city for the
year as compared to an estimated $113.
439 20 whl;h would have been paid were
not duty first collected In San Fran
cisco. This J.IO 20 Includes also !3O»J 20
of duty by "Inward transportation," or
by way of New York, the goods not hav
ing been opened until reaching here.
During the current year up to Decem
ber 15, Is vessels discharged cargoes on
this side, .if the bay. More sugar has been
received than any other article. In all
1.503 ,501 tiacks. or 150.456.120 pounds, of this
article have been landed at Long Whan.
The other consignments range as fol
lows: Coal. 101.167 tons; coke. 11.730 tons;
cement, 35.M3 barrels; glass, 10,419 cases.
Christmas Carols at the Palace.
Christmas carols will be sung under the
big Christmas tree In the Palace Hotel
court next Sunday evening by the boys'
choir of the Good Samaritan Mission. The.
public is cordially Invited to attend. Sev
era! young people's organizations will
gather at the hotel to greet the young ,
singers. The programme will be an at
tractive one and will Include Gounod's
"Nazereth" and Sullivan's "Star of Heth
lehem," besides a number of solos spe
cially arranged for the occasion. The
choir numbers thirty voices.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Fancy inkstands, writing sets. d*sk
pads, gold pens and calendars make ac
ceptable and useful Christmas pr
for a gentleman. For sale by Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Mark.t street. •
Th* United States possesses 22,705 mer
chant vessels.
HONGKONG JUNTA
CAUSED THE UPRISING
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19-O^neral Otis
to-day cabled the War Department as
follows:
"MANILA. Dec Information from
Hongkong and Negros shows that tho late
Negros uprising was the work of the
Hongkong and Nc-gros Junta. Three
Junta agents visited Negros In the latter
part of November and took In 300 Tagalos
r m i. nay ant| , much Junta literature
which they circulated. They announced
great victories In Luzon; that Insurgent
Independence would be recognized soon
by the United States, and warned Negros
of punishment In store, and directed an
c P n bo" 2 throughout tne island for De
v. ' " T . ni> /^""It w . as a gathorinsr of a few
hundred of the Ignorant masses and rob
bers and consequent fright of the better
element. General Smith has Imposed on
the towns concerned a Qn« to be paid Into
the general treasury. Ho reports the
guilt of two priests, and mvi American
clergymen are needed; that Negros would
be easily controlled if left to Itself but
fears Tagalo vengeance when Agulnaldo
fully establishes himself by driving tho
Americans out of Luzon. The most im
probable statements are believed by Ig
norant natives." ' b
THOMAS AT SINGAPORE
WITH REINFORCEMENTS
BINOAPORB, Dec. 19._ The I'nlted
States troopship Thomas haa arrived here.
The Thomas left New York November '
having on beard the Porty-Mvanth Vol
unteer Infantry, command.-d by (
Walter Howe Bbc la the first f the
•r i |.s*ilps taking rrlnforc mentn to
the Philippines by the trans-At
route.
A New York man claims to have shot
a enUM U|i In the Adirondacks h.tt hi)
f.-rty-tlve ircut In its stomach, none of
which weighed less than a pound.
GIRARD SLURS
HIS CONFRERES
AS"PINHEADS"
Severe on Board of
Public Works.
Oaklard nffl, ,
Councilman Glrard severely censured
the Board cl Public Works at last nlcht'«
meeting of the City Council, and took to>
task hla confreres In a manner th,< rr«
ated a flurry of excitement which ended
only after Councilman Strtson called
upon President Howe t.i protect the mem
bers against the attack. It was all tim
way. Councilman Cuvelller had Intro
duced a resolution calling attention to t !*«-»
fact that although sufficient money had
been appropriated long ago for the pur
pose of making: a complete test of tn»
Roberts wells at San Leandro with a vl«w
of locating a municipal fresh water nip
ply, and notwithstanding the City hn
gineer had fully recovered from his Ill
ness which had caused previous delays,
and finally, although plans had been pre
pared for some time, the Hoard of -"*ubllr
works ha.l failed to advertise for bids to
make the test.
The Cu\-elller resolution aimed to re
quest the l-oard to "{:• a move nn."
Councilman Olrard. however, regarded it
In the light of a censure and declared hi*
intention to vote for Its adoption.
"The people are losing confidence In
us," Bald Mr. Glrard. "There Is no dm In,
delaying »hese matters. Suppose we rn<l
■ bond! lng Hoard of Public Works, as wa*
once the case, or suppose the City Kn
glneer should die. should we theretoro
allow the advantage of this option to '.i|>
away from us? We come here and talk
and talk and do nothing. Wo are n lot of
old plnheads. I say th.- people are lo^iric
confidence Ir us. This Is a resolution cen
suring th«* board and 1 favor Its alop
tlon.' p
The severe arraignment brought several
members to their feet. "What are you
doing there. Mr. President?" shouted Mr.
Stetson, his query being directed to
Chairman Howe. "Are you not goln<t to
protect us against such bitter attacks?"
But Mr. Guard would not be stilled by
the gavel until he "had his say." and
that was to the effect that "the Hoard Of
Public Works ought to be censured. I
have accused no one." he concluded, and
the incident closed with the adoption of
the resolution on suspension of .h<> ru!es.
Messrs. Barstow, Mutt und Schaffer vot
ing no.
Later fn the evening Councilman Olrurrl
executed another though a milder !>\nr> &t
the Hoard of Public Works by offering a
resolution requesting that body to «>x
plain why the plat between th»« E'ghlh
street bridge and Twelfth-street dim In
not being filled by the contractors dredg
ing Lake Merrill, and who are filling In
private property Instead. Chairman Row*
declared .hat while he would not vote ff>r
the resolution he would favor submitting
the matter to n committee for investiga
tion. This view seemed to me«t with
most favor, and Councllmen Stetson and
Taylor, together with President I(nw«,
constitute the committee to Investigate.
Relics of an Old Suit.
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.-A relic of the dl
vorce salt of Charlotte Keene against Rd
ward 11. Keene. In which a deere«« win
entered several years ago in the Superior
Court of San Franclsro, materialized at
the County Clerk's om>e to-dny. when a
stipulation was filed dismissing the «ult
brought by the divorced wife for main
tenance.
This latter suit wu dire. niralnst K.
R. Keene and his sister. Mary H. Keeno.
•''•■* defendants, nnd was filed In the Ala
meda County Superior Court over thr*-e>
TS r fJ BLgo C " wa " «*'nimed by the plain
tiff that Krone had transferred certain
houses and lots to his sister, but the caaa>
has never come to trial.
STANFORD'S CHRISTMAS
TREE IN SHASTA HALL
FAIRY NIGHT WITH THE CHIL-
DREN OF MEMBEES.
An Amazon March That Startled the
Guests of a Parlor of tha
Native Sons.
It wan Stanford's night last night In th«
Shasta Hall of the Native Sons' building.
for It was there that Stanford I
76 of the Native Hons of r Want
held its Christmas fairy night f -
children of members, and special night for
the wives and lady relative* of th«
of the leadlnß parlor." Tho hall was
crowded to its utmost rapacity and wan
decorated with ferns, pines and red btr
rl. s.
There was also an Immense Christmas
tree. Illuminated with red. white and Mil*
electric lights, producing a vrry prttty
effect and showing off to advantage tno
many presents which Santa Claus was to
distribute during the evening. In addition
to these the parlor manifested Its love of
country by the display of hundreds of
miniature American flags on the branch
es of the tree. Judge Frank 11. Kerrigan
was master of ceremonies for ten minutes
and he acted his part well. He was suc
ceeded by A. P. Schlelcher.
The first number on the programme was
the "American Hornpipe, by Uttlo Mil
dred McCarthy, attired In American flag
costume. This was followed by the "Lov
em' Rose." by Leonle Trautvetter ami !.*>
■lta Folsom; piano duet. Mrs. Rucker and
Stella Kucker; buck and wins dance.
Miss Elizabeth Lelbert: recitation. H.irdv
Lewis; cake walk, by two little tots. Har
old Borches and Ruth Hrophy, the former
aged 5 and the latter .T- .wars old; I'olHh
mllltalre. Lollta Folsom; cake walk, by
six children.
After dancing by the adult* for half an
hour came the event of the evening, tho
much-talked-of amazon march Tho«*»
who were not In the secret were of th«»
opinion that the wives of members -a 11 1 • •
bad volunteered would appear In the tra
ditional short clothes of the stage, >'nr
great ••v a* their disappointment when from
th« ante-room filed sixteen attired In
skirts and lone kitchen aprons and wear-
In* on their heads Inverted cakepans with
Inverted funnel*. They carried bci>r
covers for shields and a feather du^trr
In lieu of a spear. The shout that greet
ed their appearance was almost deafen
ing. Th«« ladles went through many pret
ty evolutions, and their performance, was
loudly applauded. Al Schlelcher, who was
the leader of the. march, was attired as
a French cook. Walter Murphy, repre
senting Kris Kringle, assisted by 8. I.
Stanyan and John J. McCarthy, dlstrib
■ .'•■• l the presents to the members and the
ladle*.
William A. Deane, president of the par
lor, who has recently moved to a new
home on Thirty-third avenue, was hand*
»•<! a package which contained a tiny lan
tern, with the Inscription "To enable yon
to find your way home on dark nltchtM "
The others were equally absurd and were
provocative of much mirth. After the,
prizes there were refreshments and more
dancing.
St. Alban's Christinas Festival.
St. Alban's Sunday School will hold Its
Christmas festival next Friday evening at
C.o!den Gate Hall. 625 Butter street. The
programme will contlst of Christmas car
ols, recitations and other literary and mu
sical numbers. A dance will conclude th«
exercises. The members of the school are
anxious to entertain their friends and .
promise a good time to all who attend the
festivities.
Old Lumber Rates.
The Southern Pnclfle Company will re
store the old lumber rates from Portland
to San Francisco Bay points. Sacramento.
Stockton and San Jo*?, at the first of the
year. The new rates will b« S3 10 to Ban
Francisco Bay points and S3 50 to other
points.
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
nCEIXESS OFFICE tit the Pan Francisco
rail, corner cf Market and Third street*, open
crtll :2 o'clock ex-rry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street.
rrrrier Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m
T n ? Hayes street: open until »:S0 p. ti.
6:» MrAllUter street: cpen until 5.50 p. m.
r:R Larkln street: <.p»n until 9:30 p. m.
:M1 Mission street; op<n ur.tll 10 p. m.
r2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
er.tll 9 p. m.
If* Eleventh street: or*" until I p. m.
1W Valencia street: cpen until » p. m.
::r3 Pc'.k street: cpen ur.tll » p. in.
JCorthwert corner cf Twenty-seccnd and Ken-
ijcky nreets: open urtll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
TACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M . •
in Eldy St.. will meet at 9:45 a. m..
TO-DAY to attend the funeral of our TL Jf
Utl brother. F. F. HILP. of White /^T A
line Lodge No. 14, Nevada- Funeral com-
mittees are Invited.
GEOROE PENUNGTON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
OaKed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) JL
i:\ENINO. at 7:30 o'clock, lnstalla- iCJC
Uon of nfflffin. C. D. BUNKER. Bee. /^r y
T-XCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M. -Special meeting THIS .'■.--■- _JV«
: •Vi EVENING. December M. at >:» I\J\
&' clock. Second degree. / ~ '
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
MOUSE Ix>dge No. 257. I. O. O. F. -y La.
Initiation THIS (WKIiNTSI >A v . WSX^
EVENING. December JO A full -^s<E»i^r
attendance requested Visitor* '+»**
cordially invited. J. L WEBB. N. O.
C. URIND. Recording Secretary.
THF. regular ar.e*tlng of the San Fran- m
Cisco bricklayer*' Arsoelatlcn will be M
held THIS tWEDNESDAY) EVEN- ir v
ING. I>eecml.er 20. lf:>9. at B. B ■ «fv'T
Hail. 11l Eddy rt.. at 8 o'clock. A JXJ \
full attendance requested. Election of * If*
officer*. (Smoker Saturday n'.icht. •■
E. J. BRANDON. Pre»ld»nt.
IVANHOE I/r«lge~No. S.~kToTp.. will at
confer the Knight RKr.k Oong form). 1- jM.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 20. I£>9. at ?*XK*
Pythian Cartl*. »rs4 Market st . at iSJT,
8:30 p. m. Member* of sis;.- lodges cordially
invited. P. C. SHAFFER. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. ef R. & F
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society — A -Jk
rejru'.ar meeting of the above-named gnJaKS*
» -ciety ulll be held WEDNESDAY SJfSXw
EVE&nCO. December 20. at 7:39 ?&££
■ '•'■ -ck.. Election of cf fleers and ***
r'ed'.r.g cf the new amendments for the last
tirr.:\ and a; j'rrprtatlcn will take plac-e. By
»rlerof J. L. RAPOVICJI. President.
AUGUST MIKULICH. Secret
SERVIAN l! I
and B. Society.— All officers and »VT^
members of the at>^ve wxlety are VtM'
hereby notified to ..:-..:.: th^lr rjir-»rr«C
•nr.ual and rejniJar monthly L%2£a&bF'
meeting. THURSDAY EVEN- JWjJETiC
INiS, December 21. at 7:31 o'clock tv<'£RF>\v}
*harp. at 10 California St.. to V J^ViJ*^'
elect new officers for the ensuing XJoJ^'J'
>»-ar OS*). New nmendmenta ""
to the constitution and by-law*
will !- road N:< re the shitty for the third
and lut-t time. By order of
M. K. TABOVAZ, President.
BPIBO 8. VUCOSAVUETICH. Secretary.
iNNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stcrVh->lder* of the Paauhau Sar*r plan-
tation Crn-.;>any will b* hrld at the office
<f tii<« company, sr* Mark»t ft.. In th» city
r.fid nectjr <.f San Francisco, en SATUK- I
I>AY. th» 2J day cf December. 1S». et the
hour cf 11 o'clock a. n . for the purpose of
• Vrttr.g a beard of dii-wtor* to serve for the
cr.ruinc )rar and the transaction of meh
<tlier buriresn as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer bo^k« will clo** en Wednes-
day. No\e:r.ber T2. IW. et 3 oclock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
The ab-re advertised meeting cf the rs«u-
hau Snrsr Plan'nttrn Company Is postponed
ur.tll THURSDAY. P-rember 21. IH?. at 11
t'rlrrk a. m. T* H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL m^tlne— The recular annual meet-
ing of th» »ttvkholders of the Wittram Pro-
I«'ler cnmiany » 111 »>e held at their office.
r:r Msr+rt st . San Fran-lscn. California, on
MONDAY, the rtrhth day of Janeary. I?*V\
nt ihe hour of 3 p m.. fir the purpose of
electing n board of directors to serve f.-r the
ensuing year, ard the transaction of such
rther buiinem as may cotne befrr»> th» meet-
ing CHARLES A. Wil. Sec.
Omce. !?; Market tt . Pan Francisco. Call-
frrr.ia.
THE «r.nusl meeting- cf the stockholders of
— fc» Nevada National Har.k of San Francisco.
Cal . will J* h#.'.J ot Its barking house. SCI
?!ontcnmery »t . Pan Francisco. Oal.. on
TUESDAY. January «>. l«V). at 3:15 Oiock p.
n.. for the election cf directors to serve for
the ensuinr y»ar. tin>) the transaction of such
rther tu*in*«s as miv come before the meet- '
>~c. OF.O GRANT. Secretary.
c ii r-11'r'.i.n, rr > »"Tno**- » it««.
ATTOItNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
J. > Imildirg: no artvanoo charges; all eas»«s;
•■Mates, nvirtcae^s. damaces, collection*.
Lnnkrurtcy; wills etc.. drawn; moderate fees;
call cr write.
ADVICE free; divorce '.aw a specialty; private;
T>o f«e without surems; collections. O W
;IHOTvT£. ntty nt law. *:.o Market, cor. - ktn.
AI'VI^E fr«e: no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON, tn Market ft., opp. Ma»on]
F. H. MF.HZ.nACH. attorney at law. has re-
*i:me<J rractiee at W3 Cal. st.. Clunle bldg.
5. P. CLARK. Film* fiprerkel* buildlnr. »n !
V..V-T- m- .nitmt. ti fr.»- no fee« In advance.
niCYCLE Itl PAIRING.
T JS. H n VARNEY.~Market~«niS Tenth!
RAVm.EP. AND IDEAL HIPYCLES
nrPAiniNO a h'tscialtt.
ttOAlttl AND ROOMS,
KDDY. US— United State* HoteTProowlPiTTo '
week up. wl:h »>oarl to 60; *ulte for two with
hoard. 312; »>oanl. 14 week; rr.eals. 2Jc; ele-
vator runs all nigbt.
HOTEL FAinMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture-; flrrt-class In every rerpecf
taM«t un»urpas?«vl-. hot and cold water: • -■
vator: >ult>s. with board for 2. tM month up.
NEW family hotrl; fl-«t -<-]»•» in all appolnt-
metits: excellent table. Ef7 California St.. oc- !
currir.g comer cimotit* Grace Church.
rOARP and room for two. 2D48 Valencia st.
*nni>ORAVIA HOTrL." Polk and cTay-Bun-
t.y «ult^s; l+*t boaM; for 2 $4:. up : single $20.
I.AS PALMAS. 5K?n Market st.-Puite of 2 or 3
rm.; private; bath; aln. rms. ; board optional.
IXJNGWORTH. U2 Geary-Large suite*, bath.
for 3 cr 4 gentlemen; ekeellent table board.
O'FARRKLL. 742 - Clean, ermfortable rooms- 1
good twtilo b.iard: term* to holiday transients.
VAN Ness aye.. 944-Sutte* or aim room*
with board; furnished or unfurnished.
lion. COO To Inan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
»Mns. pts:v b. yu n> . Unc'.e Harris. 15 Grant ay.
lIOAKO ANl> ROOMS WANTED.
TOUNG msrrlefl couple desire room and board
!n private family: -th of McAllister and
we*t of .lore* *t. Address box C.3. Call.
J'IRST-CLASS room and board wanted: no ob-
jectton If part or the whole In exchange for
vocal anJ piano W»on«; by leading sinking !
teacher of S. F.. whose of flee Is In central lo-
catlotv rtn» TTIQ. Call office.
DOAIIDING FOR CHILDREN.
TVANTED-2 children to board; best of home
and care. £22 Natr>ma rt.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
fCHOOL BOOKS bcnTht M^TxchangedT
Hnln?e« r^.k «'o . TN V1««ion «t.. .... Thlr<l.
lIOOIS AND SHOES
CPECIAL!! SPECIAL?! SPECIALV I
J-- pair* Infant*' i»i.m leather shoes, size*
I to t. Oc pair; mail orders filled. People's
Fhoestorc. 13(4 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
111 MM CHANCES.
A-*6OO — SAI/xi.V: among wh*le«ale houses.
where hundred* of -M'le are employed no
night or Sunday traae: rent MO; ..Id a C « the
• auw of Kale. PTKNBERQ CO.. TS4 Kearny.
A^*27s— SALOON; 2 Mocks of Market. 2 newly
furnished rooms; handsome bar and bark t.ar:
value tn *lght: owner nick; must sell. KTEN-
. HERO CO.. SGfr Kearny st.
A~-^sl3Oo— STEAM laundry In busiest country
town In California; lot COxlOO: brirk building;
tne block from depot; remarkable chance for
r.ctlve man; machinery, wagons, everything
in tip-top shape; half amount to purchase
taken out In work: ace to-day. STKNBERG
CO.. I*4 Kearny at. .
TO TRADE — B-room house and lots rented for
( a!.,r ii or lodging house. BASILE. 3 Eddy at.
11*00— SALOON: Potrero. or. Union Iron Works.
fine fixtures; full value In stock; receipt* 125
«Uy; rent CO rocnth. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
rTfO— LODGING house; 18 rooms; north of Mar-
l-et «t. ; bargain, on account of departure.
M cLA UG H LIN & CO.. 7T:>i Market st.
A PARTNER wanted In saloon: money no ob-
ject- must have help; will clear 875 per month
»t» ea.h leave of I years; experience not nec-
, snary. Pacific Exchange, 1016 Market st.
WANTFI>— Ocar store, well located, and will
itand 'investigation: cash for stock and fix-
ture*; none for eo..d will unless worthy of It.
box ISSt. Call office.
\V»VTED— CInar. nctlona and stationery store;
rood locality; corner preferred, no fancy
I rice. Box ItCT. Oil <>.*«<*•
CXFFEE and 14» routes surplied from GEO.
\V. CASWELL L. CO.S. 412 Sacramento at.
III'SINKSH CHANCES— Continued.
i A— Si**:- GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
i wagon; rent $10; a good paying business; all
fresh stock. Call R. O. WILKE. 90S Market.
, A — $900 — RESTAURANT, oyster and chop
heu»e. with daily receipts of $30: only first-
class prices: rent $45: the best location in this
city. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease In
wholesale district; place established years.
clearing from 1300 to $400 per month; no better
offer In market. R. G. WILKE. »0« Market.
A— I4OO— DELICACY store and branch bakery.
on Larkln tt. ■ rent $18. good paying business;
fine place fcr 2 Indie* or man and wife. Call
It. G. WILKE. M Market st
A-S«SO— CANDY »'..:• and factory, with living
> room*, in choice location or. Polk et. : rent
$12; clears (35 per week; elegantly fitted; a
rare chance. R. O. WILKE. S0« Market st.
A— J«C»:«— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location; rent $40; doing a large store and bar
' trade; stock a.; fresh: a rare opportunity.
L Call R. O. WILKE. So< Market st.
• A— JSSO— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
large and first-class paying business, rent
*20: the very be« location; owner must sacri-
fice on account of other Investments; a great
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 90$ Market rt.
; PARTNER wanted with small capital to take
' share In trading exi^dit'.on to Southern Isl-
ands with or without services. Address X,
Call branch. 103S Valencia st.
VERY cheap; fine dairy and delicacy business;
1 owner compelled to leave city. Box 565. Call.
; FOR sale cheap— bakery and stationery
-■ ■' :• '7 Eighteenth st.
BARBER shop and cigar store for Bale; price
KM. Box 1737. Call.
PAPER route for sale; $1800. Apply box 150,
Call.
— ■ — *
I GOOD-PAYING route on Examiner; T5O papers.
Apply 434 Filbert st.
LOCKSMITH business for sale; 10 years In the
same place. >42 McAllister st.; residence *12
I Webster st.
■ A NEW LEASE SECURED. ~
FRED SCHUEMANN, the proprietor for the
past ten years of the California Scbuetzen
Park, near San Rafael, has secured a new i
lease for these famous picnic grounds, and Is
now prepared to meet committees for picnic :
excursion arrangements for the season of 1900 '
at his office. 123 Sutter st.. Tuesday* and Fri- |
days, from 11 a. m to 3 p. m.
WANTED— An energetic and reliable man to !
take an Interest In a new business and to |
act as general agent for the Pacific Coast: a
good opening for the right man; must be well I
recommended. Address P. O. box 301, Oak- I
land. Cal.
GOOD opportunity to secure a well-established '
furniture business; account of sickness. 639
Broadway, Oakland, Pioneer Furniture Store.
GROCERY, clean st -*k. fixtures, horse and wa-
gon; Western Addition; must be sold. Parti-
culars of P. .1 3ARTH. 414 McAllister st.
KLONDIKE oyster house for sale; will give
trial for i week or a month. 125 Third st.
WANTED— A paying route en a morning paper;
about 4' 'i to COO subscribers; state price. Ad-
drers box 644. Call office.
J2OOO— PARTNER wanted In old established '
buslneis. Box 1714. Call office. i
BARBER shop and rooms complete; rent low.
1103 Howard St.. near Seventh.
FOR sale — Hoire bakery with portable oven; &
years' lease; rent !15. IM Fourth st.
SHOP fcr painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
and more In work. WM. HENDRICKSON
A- CO.. (14. Call building.
A BRANCH efflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
rubrcrlptlons haa been established at 1096 Va- .
lencia st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ,
lucky its. Oren till 9 p. m. i
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
1 BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. waron*.
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2S Harrison. ,
A BUSINESS wagon. $25: buggy. I- . must sell;
■ rare chance. I*3l Eddy «t.
ALL kinds of wagens. buggies, enrts, harness,
etc.. cheap. ROAN i- SON. 2117 Mission st.
ICC SETS teccr.d-hand harness: warons. carts,
li.cr>t.. mrreys and horses. 1140 Foltnm st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLKANINO.
•t . ,--„ , -,_-, .-u-^-u^.-^-,. .-■-,.-,_-,.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to BPAULDINO'B Pl&neer Carpet-
leatlng Works. i.3-317 Tehama st. Tel S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 28-40 bth st ; te!. South 200.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South lit: lowest rate*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at Sc.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 544.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 24> 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden !
Gate nve.: telephone Kw«t 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Ccmpcund Paste: a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIItVOYAXTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MR- DR • I.AKK! ~
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced '
she reveal* every hidden mystery: she will
fchew you how to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles: restore lost affections; ;
unite the separated; recover* lost or stolen
propertr; ate* minerals: tells" your entire
life, »li!» In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
>vith n>«M-lal term?. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
20^ Turk st.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eve*.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. * Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases: sitting* $1.
JOHN SLATER: circle to-night. 8:15: sittings
daily 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton, near Greenwich.
; MRS RANKIN. card-reader and palmist. »51
Mission it., near Sixth.
MME. MOREAU. the b»st medium and card
reader: V-e up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader*
past, present, future. 2."<- 14S Sixth st.. r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent alatewriter.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
TOUR future told by card*. 25c. lteVi Sixth St..
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME ZEREDA of C Seventh st Is th* original
_EVP«y life reader: reading*. 25c
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; Cerman spoken. 9214 Mission. op Mint.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 114? Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader-
fittings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 35c op. I Fourth st.
MME. mi. Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. y.c; ladles. M 4 OTarr*". St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency ; no"charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~™~
$10— BAY-WINDOW crttage. 4 ~rooms: water
free. 103 Collins St.. near Geary.
DENTISTS^
A- I R. T. S. llKJ'ilNS' dental parlors. »:7
Market st . over Cafe ZSnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied •.« the gums: the beat and most artistic
dent.*; work at reasonable prices; pure gold
tilling* from $1 up; other filling* from &©••
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
tilled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 10 up; op»n evenings and Sunday*.
A NEW anaeethetlc for painless dentistry—
Synol. on application to the gums, remove*
the pain; see our flesh colored plates: thinner
•nd stronger than rubber: warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. Me: crowns, $3 W; plates,
full set. 85: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold, crowns,
$3 CO up. plates, extractions free. $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays 9 to I
$>■ m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. onOHGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received $ first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 year*.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Kleventh: crowna, bridge work and filling* a
tpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM-Palnlesa extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee JO years: lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. «97 Market st. ' • ■', .'
LOWEST price* In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. DenUsts. SO Mission, cor. Cth.
Guaranteed dentistry. 31 per week; refer to 6000
city patient*. Esmond Dental Parlors. 41 «th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2J5 Kearny. cor. Bush 7
full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 2So. '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1899.
DENTISTS.
SET of teeth without plate. PR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors ;cpen evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
I DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading ■>•*-
tern; easy payments; erg. classes. 103 Post.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. SOS Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary: dress**
made. J5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 stover O'Connor A Moffstt.
EDUCATIONAL.
H EA L D' S Business College. 24~Pg« rt". a~FTT
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporter* of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise: follow their
advice; be thorough : life scholarship $50.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. Includes all branched.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year get positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. UN Market st.
ENGINEERING school. civil. electrical, mining,
xnech., survey, assay, orchl.; day and even.;
est. 18*4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MISS M. O. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall. SOS Montgomery st.
ONE-FIFTH of the** admitted at th* recent
Supreme Court examinations were prepared
at the Kent College of Law, 927 Manet st.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 17.
E. L APri.EBY. banjolst and teacher; hour*,
1 to 6 and Bto 9 p. m. 220 Eddy st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
■ ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. SOS Lark'.n st., opp. City Hail.
! DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prtv.orclass. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; moat
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
; LAW schools. 927 Market. 8. F.. and SOS Broad-
Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
START right and the end Is In slrht. PROF.
MKRKI. violin, roand.. guitar. 100S Mission.
BOOK KEEPlNG. arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to an- address In the
fn'to-i *JtS)ten n««tn«M. fur $1 r>»r v»nr.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
. FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. CSS Clay st.: phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main lJSfi.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 33 Gearv st.: tel. Grant 34.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de-
sires a situation; hotel or boarding-house:
good references. MISS H. CULLJNAN. 323
Sutter st.; phone Main 661.
COMPETENT .man with a child desire* sit-
uation: good cook an* iouseworker; city or
country. MISS H. rULLINAN. SIS Sutter st.
j RELIABLE woman wlshs situation; is a good
cook: will do light housework In small fam-
ily for low wages and good home; obliging
and willing. 10 Stockton place., off Stockton
st., near Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED lady with a child E years d»-
sires position In the country as housekeeper,
where there arc children preferred; refer-
ences. Box 15SS. Call.
FIRST-CT.ASS American cook with good refer-
ences wishes a situation for either city or
country. :•: South Park.
YOUNG refined F.nrllsh woman wishes a po-
sition a* nurse and companion to an invalid.
Box ISSS. Call.
COMPETENT German woman, good cook,
want* work by the Jay or month: will do
housework. Address 745 Howard st.
A GOOD reliable girl wishes a situation to do
ui«talrs work and sewing; references given.
Apply 2717 P.U£h st.
YOUNG and respectable woman w.shes situa-
tion a* housekeeper. 630 Gough st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with light work; refer-
ences^
DRESSMAKER from East, first-class cutter
and fitter, will go out by the day; make suit
In one day. 1£32 Polk st.
! WANTED— A position to do general housework
In a quiet American family of adults In this
city; Is first-class In every respect; a good
home desired rather than high wages. Box
FSB. Call office.
$K<V CO TO 1 an on diamonds. watches. silver, seal-
rklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
LADY would like position a* housekeeper In
good respectable rooming house: has had 10
years' experience and gives good references.
Address M B. V.. box 684. Call office.
GOOD washer and lroner wants work to do at
home. Call at £15 McAllister et.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 right: $1 DO to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from terry. '< '"
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. in.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH efflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk «t.: nnen until • r. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED M ALB.
MAN who understands wine, saloon and res-
taurant wants position: have some liquor on
hand. Call or address G. H.. Postofflce. Mel-
rose, Cal.
YOUNG man wants work as waiter: ha* had S
months' experience; will accept small salary.
Box L&93. Call office.
SINGLE man, educated, sober an (^trustworthy,
wants work In store, lodging-house or any
respectable place; small wages. Box 15P0. Call.
STEADY man wants employment: good black-
smith; willing to take any kind of work. Box !
WO. Call office, Oakland.
POSITIONS wanted by experienced man and
wife on ranch. Address box 1592, Call office.
GOOD dishwasher wants position: good wages
expected Address 20 Minna st.
A MAN of good habits and willing to work, out
of employment, wishes work of some kind.
Box Hi. Call office.
YOUNO man wants position .In hotel or store
at any kind of work: willing and obliging; no
objection to country. Box 6*o. Call office.
BREAD and cake baker wants position. 1002
Harrison st.
; MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly trustworthy,
good references, desires position as Janitor,
watchman or porter, or to drive delivery wa-
gon; 20 years a resident of this city. Address
K. S . 3*2 Army st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German. un-
derstand* the care of hor*«a. cows, garden
work, has porter experience and Is handy
with tools, derlres position. Box COS. Cal..
WANTED— Job engineering; city preferred
Address 1024 Mission Ft
WANTED— By an experienced salesman, situ-
ation In a general merchandise store; best of
references; hnve been over 7 years with
present employers. R., box SSt, Call office.
$100. TO loan on diamonds. watches silver seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
MAN and wife wanted; no children; rent free
1232 Valencia st.; call after < p. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery *t.. room 1, second floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner < f Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. re.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at 1222 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A WEEK'S new* for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
EXCHANGE.
I WILL exchange a valuable patent for a
grain, stock or fruit ranch- this article 1* In
use every day. Address FRANK YOUNG.
Woodland. Tolo. County. Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ~
INFLAMED eye*, or continuous ey* trouble
can at once be overcome with Mayerle'a Ger-
man eye water, by mall. Me GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 10714 Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco; telephone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY fist of 6 rooms and bath, corner of
Martposa and Florida sts. near Bryant.
ELEGANT new flat- c rooms and bath; large
basement. 718 Grove st. 7:lif
FLAT hunting made easy wi;h the printed list
you get from BALDWIN A HO WELL. 13
Montgomery st. : r-:?--' •:-.*.••>*,
FLAT of 7 rooms. $15 one of 4 rooms, $10;
modern. Apply 44f* Seventeenth st.
JESSIE. 631. between Seventh and Elghth-6
sunny room* and bath; near postofflce^
LOWER fiat. 4 rooms, 2293 Geary st. rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
MODERN; 3 rooms, bath and baeement.
Twenty-third and Sanch-r M
BUNNY bay-window flats 7 rooms and 2 klteh-
en* each; first and second floors. 417 ! Third.
BUNNY flat; 8 rooms, bath, yard; rent reason-
able. 8568 17th at., near Guerrero: warm belt.
BUNNY flat: 6 room* and bath: newly decorat-
ed. 146 Second aye.. cor. California. Richmond.
BURNT flat of 7 rooms and garden. 736 Four-
teenth at., near Market: and basement.
TURK. S2OC— Sunny flat. 4 room*, bath and
basement; yard; rent $13; no children.
$100. MM) TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins planes, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant «v
FR E : TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
■ ddress to lock box «43. Los Anreles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. SI 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs.
|L Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
st . near Broadway: open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4« 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. COPY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy*
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red JJiS.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pay*
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— S.'OOO carpets furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal M Sllx-ersteln 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
50 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chute*
this (Wednesday) evening, at » o'clock.
HEAD waitress. $25; waitress, mining camp.
$30: waitresses. Sonora. Jamestown. Nap*,
Bakersfleld, Nevada, Gait; 3 waitresses, city.
$20; lunch waitress. $3 50 week; I chamber-
maids. $17 and $15; working housekeeper on
ranch. $30; 60 competent girls for housework.
$25 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. l'H Oeary.
WANTED— Second plrl and F-eamstrcss. $J',;
French second girl. $25; 3 second girls, $20. $25;
cook $20, waitress $15. same place, see party
between 2 and 3 o'clock: German laundress.
$30: Scandinavian cook. $25: 3 cooks. German
style. $25, $30: cook. Institution. $35; 2 nurse
girls. $20; hotel waitresses. $20: chambermaid
and waitress. $20. country: a number of Ger-
man. Scandinavian and Irish house girls, $20
and $25. for the city and country. J. F.
1 IBBTT .<-■ CO.. 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID; country hotel; $20. MUR-
RAY * READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTMD- 1 neat young girls, one for down-
stairs work, must "be a good cook: also one for
second work: wages J25 and $13; references
required. 1180 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework In
Berkeley. Apply 228 Front St.. between 12 and
1; bring references.
COOK for ranch, no objection to child. $25:
cook for city boarding house. $35. Field Em-
ployment Office. 655 Clay st.
GERMAN girl or woman; funeral housework:
$18 to $20. 3SM Twenty-fourth, cor. Sanchez.
WAITRESS wanted. People's Restaurant, 631
Clay st.
WANT a woman cook for 136 Second st.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; $6 per
week. 7 Taylor st.
YOUNO girl; light housework; good home; lib-
eral wages. 1?45 Geary st.
GOOD waitress. ?:s: Mission st.
WANTED— 3 competent dressmakers Wednes-
day; wages II CO to $2 50. 1249 Broadway.
WOMAN to assist in housework; handy with
needle; 4 or 5 hours day. 3570 Seventeenth.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; 2 children;
good home. UK Fifteenth St.
RELIABLE woman a* kitchen help. Apply j
448 Third st.
YOUNG girl, light housework; no washing;
must have references. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL or woman to assist and help mind baby;
$6. 14 Cedar aye.. cor. Lurkln st.
CHAMBERMAID at C 2 Second st. on* with
references (.referred.
GIRL for housework: must sleep home; $10. 675
O'Farrell st.. 10 to 12.
WANTED— GirI to wait on table. 619 Sacra- i
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady: ribbons and fancy 1
goods; must have experience. Box 1724, Call. I
GIRL for light housework; no washing; family
of 3 adults: wages $10. Call between 12 and 2.
1609 McAllister St.
WANTED— A finisher on rants; also an ap-
prentice girl; pay while learning. Room 32,
410 Kearny st.
APPRENTICES en shirts nnd overalls; paid 1
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor- ,
mr Cough and Grove ate.
WANTED Housekeeper; middle-aged woman
who understands the care of children. Call
131 Valencia it.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
rktns. piano., guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant »v.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
410 Kearny tt., room 20. second floor.
FIRST-CLAPS operator on vents, rteady work,
good wages; also finisher. iCC Mission st.
WE furnish stenographers: there In no charge
for the service: Remington standard type-
writer*. 11l Montgomery St.; phone Main ST.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; hairdr* taught In four weeks. Call
er write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. SI per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlona
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH fir.cc for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1228 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till > p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICS« Va-
I end a st.
HELP WANTED —
50 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening, at 6 o'clock. «
MURRAY &. READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
8 gardeners, private families
• $30, $25 and found
Man to build rough stone wall $2 50 day
2 stonemasons, $2 to dny Stableman $30:
9 ranch hands and choremen !.....
•• • $26 and $20 and found
65 woodchoppers $2 50 $2 SI, 75c cord
6 laborers, city. good steady J0b.. 530 and found
German cabinet-maker, also boy for machine
trade, country shop
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it!
12 COOKS 545. $40. SSS. S3O, $25 and found
7 waiters $3;, $30. $25. $20 and found
Dishwashers, boys for stores, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
COREMA.KER for a large mine, company; S3 50
day. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay:
WANTED— Driver for milk route In city single
man with references. $35 and found: harness-
maker for ranch. SCO and found; gardener for
private place near city. $26 and found- vege-
table rardener on ranch. $23: 5 two-horse
teamsters for ranch near city. $20 and found;
farmer and milk 8 cows, near city. $2« and
found; woodchoppers, tlemakers. cooks, wait-
ers and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
* 'lay st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family. $25;
driver for milk wagon. $30 and found; cabinet-
makers; stalrbullders: night cook. $12 week;
night waiter. $10 week; waiter, private board-
"«"; l !'' u^ * M M(1 found, and others. J. F.
CRObIvTT St CO . 628 Sacramento st. '
MAN and wife as cook and roundabout work.
$..0: see Darty here at 10:30. MISS CULL.EN
525 Sutter st.
B r-^M 1 !?. , home ' 1206 Market St.. corner
LlKhth-Only legally authorized employment
... *u2? he v p , aclfl c Const: barbers' bosses
supplied with first-class help: charges reason-
able; country employers must pay transpor-
tation of men; send stamp for reply; barber
shops for sale. WM. HABERECHT. Mgr. s
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Eec'y.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS- Progressive Union-Free Employ-
Pient. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151.
GOOD , bushelman wanted; apply early In the
morning, b. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Men to clean bricks. Apply south
side of Brannan st., bet. Second and Third.
WANTED-Brrand boy; $3 50 a week. 22H
Geary at., room 33.
HELP WA.VTED— HALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for the Coast road, free fare; rock-
men and laborers for a quarry company work.
$2 60 a day. part fare advanced; blacksmith
for a railroad camp, $3 a day. free fare;
creamery man. $30; German blacksmith's
helper for a ranch, $30 and board; harness-
maker, ranch, $1 a day and board
Head and second cooks for a cafe. South-
ern California. $00 and $45: vegetable man.
country hotel. 125; porter for a country club,
one with experience a ehlp steward preferred.
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— 2S boys to distribute circulars:
wares He per day. Apply MISS LIZZIE
DOYLE. 1047 York st.
WANTED— An errand boy at MUTUAL LA-
. BEL AND IJTHO. CO.. 23 Main st.
COOK for boarding-house; elderly man pre-
ferred. 322 Main st.
GOOD coatmaker. TIIOS. E. KENT, 121 Post
St., third floor.
LUXCH waiter at 108 Hayes st.
WANTED— Second cook. Winchester Restau-
rant. Winchester Hotel. ES Third st.
BARBER: young man preferred. 21 Thirtieth
st. ; bring tools.
WANTED— Lead glaziers and cutters. 103
Mission st.
GOOD, sober shoemaker on first-class repair-
Ing. 2140 Flllmore st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busneltng. (25 Com-
mercial st.
BARBER shop, first class, short hours, %M to
7:30. for sale. 603 Washington st.
WANTED— First-class men's furnishing sales-
men. Apply to J. W. RAPHAEL. Raphael*,
Incorporated.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. expert Instruction at 8.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
FILER, band saw mill and circular. CIS Third
street.
WANTED— Youne man. help In saloon. 10C3
Market at.
$100,000 TO lean on diamonds. watches. silver, seal-
skins. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
BARBERS— Good-paying 2-chalr shop: country
town. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10« Ellis st.
BARBERS— Be«t 3-chalr shop; cheap: living
rooms. See BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
COOK for Mini; South Sea trader: experience
required. 26 Eteuart st.
MEN wanted to learn barbw trade; only eight
weeks required: constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly: special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBERS— HoteI shop for sale; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. ICC Ellis st.
WE furnish stenographers; there Is no charge
for the service. Remington Standard Type-
wrlter. 211 Montgomery si; phone Main 87.
WANTED— First-class Inn molders. Apply
MOHAN BROS. Company. Seattle. Wash.
WANTED — Laborers anil mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third el.; 150 large
rooms; Me per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-uoled while waiting; 25c to
60c. F.C2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to try our lie breakfast.
dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
tOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
2CO SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and Ho
per night. Llndell. tth and Howard: read. rm.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami subscriptions
received at Cnll branch ofnee. 1200 Flllmore st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. ■14 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second Jin4 Ken-
tucky *ts.: open until 9 p. m. •
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sal*
40 HORSES for rale: also wagon, buggies.
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Htm Market.
727 Sixth rt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st . between Twelfth and
Brady: also some flne matched I lick teams.
HOUSES — LODGING — for SALE.
A— MONET TO LOAN
We have more money on hand than we care
to carry.
INSURANCE CUT 25 PER CENT
We are not In the combine to keep rates up
when they should be down.
Bargains In our lodging-house department:
$550 — 11 rooms, near I'h'lnn bl«lg. : rent $35.
$f00 — 14 rooms; Geary, near Manon; rent $70.
$1250— 81 rooms; near Tlvoll: cheap rent.
tl;0O — 26 rooms; Powell, near Geary.
$3. r oO— On Union Square; making money.
$3000— Baldwin ruins; profit over $200
. monthly.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
11 ROOMS, full, clears $25 $:2",
yi rooms, rent J75. clears $100 $1250
41 rooms, corner. 2 Boors, clears $2PO $3700
Money to loan. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
TO buy or sell your furnished houses «** HA-
SH. E. I Eddy St.; 200 bargains; Bto 100 rooms;
title guaranteed: money loaned on furniture.
HOUSES to i.i: v.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let- send for cir-
cular O. H. VMBSEN * CO.. 14 Mrntgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market st.
li-fil Octavla: 16 r.Jl.'Oj 571 O'Farr*ll:7 r.537 50
751 13th: C r 20! 1345 Howard: 6 r.. U 00
637 Jersey; 5 r... 12 1P24 Geary: 7 r.... 30 no
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. sliver, seal-
► kins, piano*. g«n«. T'nrle Unfit IS i; nnt , v
LOST AND FOl\D.
LOST— A put) V with th» Hlbe7nla"~Savlng»
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of JOHN B. DAVIS. No. 231-1011. The
finder will pleaoe return to bank.
LOST— Bunch of keys on a triangular hold
Please return to B. F. WELLINGTON. 425
Washington st.
LOST — Yorkshire terrier puppy; color gray
tipped with black hair. Return 210 Turk St.!
reward.
LOST— Check on Bank British North Amer-
ica. Liberal reward to finder returning to
owner at 1039 Mission St.
LADY'S purse; nnme Inside: reward. Return
to MRS. MASON. 1915 Filbert st.
LOST— lndies' gold watch: Initials "H. G to
I. II."; reward. Inquire at 1200 Howard st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic disuses; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 8. P. for years; treated thousands
of coses successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. S3: warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy St.. near Mason.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
rbronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Offlcw hours— 10 to IX. 3to « and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care: nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER
phone Pine ?7SI: res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR.' POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure S3: consultation free. 21S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen.
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed: treatment K.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket it., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to ( p. m.; at residence, m Van Ness
aye.. E to » p. m.; guaranteed treatment. $6.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. Ills Market
tt.: every case guaranteed: $."• up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb <1-.ctor. treat* all dls-
«'« of th» humsn body, If. M*«..n at.
MIXES AND MIM.\G. " ~
CARTERS Gold Mine share*; fortune makers-
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Mock Ex-
change; 35 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, lib
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; teL Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. lK>-m Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ter., ncl * ur n» office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and tixturea; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 MlMioa
«t.. above Sixth.
BARS V " t « r ". showcases, shelving, mirrors.
_pought. sold and exchanged. IC€3 Mission st.
PARTY will exchange paintings by Hill. Lat"
V mer C Evelyn McOrmick. Sunton. Jorgensen.
Call offf'e for a g-ood piano. Address bo* IW7.
Call office.
A f "°*;! DAY Blft: »->«arat ladies' gold watch
HAnnic5 00 ,*- 1 /- S3>>: M Rood a* new. L T NCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
mm/ counter, and shtlv-
__lng_cheqj. K. HALB. 787 OFarrell st.
FINE plat in Mountain View "cemetery. Oak.
land; Improvement*. Do X I7 s. call JfflceT^
A w 50 D " 111 *,?^' and F ' do »-a hats. 1175. Pop-
Ular Price Hatter*. 230 Kearny_st.. nr. Plr£
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit SlO MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
FTNE singing canary. 12 50. m Hayes st.
/'m rr ' ' ter and fireproof safe fo resale cheap.
'• AlSln ell*
E JL' I: i ;AN fawn b ** v "' rape; lined silk; latest
model; great bargain; *00. Call between 2 a»d
_» : _I3JI Market st. 
A^ O ,JHER an * latest style sealskin jacket,
worth I2t«. for SUO. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant aye.
CA , NA 2XJ >lrd . s for *° n * " n<l beauty are- best
at LEHMAN'S. _ Sixteenth, nr Valencia.
I Ii A . MA mod "' ma «<lolin. high grade. $10; cost
$35. PLASH LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planer*, lathes.
Iron A wood; «d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns: new and second hand; acety-
lene generators. Dullard A- Bre<k. 131 Po*t st.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-slded sticker; 1 Goodell A
waters planer and matcher. 2U*; 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; 6 locomotives; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchant*.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Malts Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Can" and all brands
I.nßlixh fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. 8. R.
CHI RCH. 307 San»orae »t.; tel Main BOM.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100. concert records $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market at.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
CLOSING out of 100 new and 2d-hand heater*
and ranges; from II up. 2H Fourth st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN,
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. 3. White. in Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe: new. 2d hand Whltelaw. 216 Spear.
SAFER— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAW RAFT <^o 4-- 4-" Pn"mTn»ntf> «f.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.NTS.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: 122 per ounce
for gold In It. 323 Bush it.. 3d floor, room 4.
WANTED— Good cash register, couple of 8-foot
showcases and a small safe. Address $S9
Colfax St.. San Jose.
LOT of old windows and tank clonetn: must be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
MONEY TO LOA.V.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jew«!ry store. 848 Market
st.: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 18. first flror. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture- or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, wlthmit re-
moval, no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above Sixth;
telephone South 14. ,
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $60
to tIOO.COO. i per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests la
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 836 Markt.
ANT amount at I per cent: Ist. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. ft. McCOLCAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price* for old gold. silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
Planoe; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bid*.. I*o Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; li we«t interest. Rooms
M and «9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny. room I. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator: tel. Davis MO.
ON real estate. lit or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or piano*: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2« Montgomery st.
PRIVATE party loans on furniture at 3 per
cent: no commlwion. BROWN, r. SI. I Eddy.
CASH leaned to salaried pecple on note without
Indorwer. MORRELL. 60» Examiner bldg.
JSOftO TO loan on furniture and piano* at 2 per
cent. WINSTON * CO.. 10C8 Market at.
TO salaried men: without collateral or Indoraer.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid*.
IZO TO KO.OOu: lowest rates; Ist and Id mortgs ;
any proposition. DP.TI'KN. :i3 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planes, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 11* McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortcuced and you need
more mnnev >»» H. MI'P.PHY ty Market «t.
MUSICAL I>STni MK>T.H.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for M per nth. and some good
pianos for $8. }« and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Suiter at*.. Sin Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
SAVE enough money purchasing your piano to
buy your other Xmas gifts. you can do It at
our store; a few used pianos at bargains;
Stelnway. Hardman. Chaee Bros., Decker,
etc.; beautiful new pianos at prices lowest In
the city, quality considered; easy terms;
Wednesday to Saturday special sale days;
don't miss them. J. DEWINO CO.. ware-
rooms Id floor Flood bids.. 4th and Market.
"BABY" Decker uprlght.s are "all the rage"'
now. See them at MAUVAIS*. 76) Market st.
PACKARD organs are the best of all organs
for churches; send for prices. MAUVAIS
769 Market st.
THE choicest kind of a Chri9tma> present la an
Olympta music box. Call at MAUVAIS I . TO
Market at., and hear them.
IF you don't want to pay all caah you can have
easy payments for any piano at MAUVAIS'
7t» Market at.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hoa«*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
N. n and 80 O'Fiutcll at.; planoa. organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dona to pleas* and satisfy the
customer.
KNAHE pianos: new scale; new stylea. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 10 O'Farreii St.
ALL makes for a short time only. '"
$4. $4. $:. $4. $4. $4 per month.
I Chickertnga. 2 Meinway*. 1 Vose A Sons and
fifty other slightly used hl*h and medium
grade pianos, special discount* for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 13« Ellis st.
AGENTS— pianos, the artiste' favorite,
musicians Invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparisons. Spencer Piano
House. ISIS Market at; send for catalogues;
open evenings.
CHEAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage,
closing out lot of uprights }60 up; open even-
ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 M irket.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; Ices reduced to ln»ure prompt salea
W. P. HAMILTON. 324 Poet at.
11.-.0-ELEGANT upright, stool and cover: coat
$3£o; for sale on $5 Installments. 1115 Poat.
A— ELEGANT Eatey upright for Ml*; slightly
uaed; magnificent tone. 2034 Gotigh at.
OUR planoa have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curta* Piano Co.. M 0 Hayes st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
■OHKEJt, Byron Matizy and other pianos. JOS
Post lit ; open eve«rlngs.
runt Stelnway; the best bargain In the city.
Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED— 2 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
S0« Poet at.
FINE Flftcher A Stelnway upright: aacrlflecd.
KEEFFE'S. 1C1» Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. R BADGER. 412 Sacramento at., ago.it for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis piano*.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
lIORNUNG'S. ?l« McAtlUter at.
BARGAIN— Oood upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, It
McAllister at., next Hlbernla hank.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new ST
MUI.LER. maker, repairer. 8 Latham placa.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
ASHTON— Store. 4M Turk. nr. Larkln. $11. do
4.9 VtUencla St.. nr. Sixteenth. JTO.
HALF of nice of rice (furnished); erst floor.
Room 14. 1104 Market st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands wanted AMBROSE HARRIS. 113
Examiner building.
r*r K»U>ALS.
GENTLEM AST^wTsVes acquaintance of lady
with means to start enterprise; good refer*
ences. Box 1501. Call office.
MME. FOI'LSHAM. from England, facial treat-
rr.ent * bust developm't. specialty. 131 O Farr'l
THAT hair you admire so much la made beau-
tiful with L-«lerer's Qutntonica. $6c hot.;
I^derer's Foamo Shampoo. *>• pkg. 113 Stktn.
LEDERER Is the hairdresser who exercise*
particular care of the dressing of your hair
to suit you. 25c only: switches $1 up. fin*
S2 60. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
$000 CHRISTMAS trees: delivered! California
Christmas Tree Co.. 508 Sacramento sL. teU
Main 12S0. and 32i Twelfth »:., Oakland. Ex-
position building.
IF you wish full value for your act -off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st
COLEMAN buy* clothing, brir-a-brmc. tool*
carpets, old gold: s»n<l for him. MX Keamy'.
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct- beautiful
map: your soldier boy wants It for Xmss;
don't be stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
of 11. Pacific Publishing Co.. r. «00. 927 Mar-
ket st.. B. F.. Cal. : agents wanted everywhere,
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter it.. Laws a Specialty
Pan Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Bend for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 room-*.
Be to 11 60 per night; 11 SO to $4 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
lldted. GOLDSTEIN A- CO.. 733 Market st.
6UITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
DOLL wigs made of human hair at La Vartta
parlors. 1140 Market St.; telephone Folsom 440.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third it.: send postal.
PAINTING and paperhangln*: room« papered.
12 SO up. JENSf... * BATTI. 30« Sixth st.
HIKSUTINE CO.. hair sp-claltlsts. grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. I Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. 8e # S. R. CHURCH. 107 Sansome st.
WANTED- Old gold for manuf'g O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'FarrHl bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITF-
TTOPV A. M. Ph.D.. I*'" I '•••-- O«H.»-*
niOTOGKAniIC SUPPLIES.
POLTCHROME. our own new platinum paper;
superior to all and lower In price; sample
dot. 2.^. mailed. I'll Camera Co.. 23 Geary.
UEAL ESTATE— CIT If FOR SALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE * CO..
US Market Street.
PINE street FLATS.
$13.000— Rents $i:*t per annum: lot 60r12T:0 feet;
2 frontage*: ft flats on Pine street and
4 flats on rear street; ail nice appearing
and in good condition.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
REDUCED FROM S3OOO.
17,760— New modem house. 13 rooms, bath.
.bllllard-room. servants' rooms, etc;
bank foreclosure; must sell; on Clay
street, near Central avenue; sunny aide
street; lot 27:&x127:S feet.
MUST SELL— BANK FORECLOSURE.
BEFORE DECEMBER 23. UJ».
$«.OOO— Make offer, lot 50x114 feet; on Nine-
teenth street, near Guerrero; ] flats, 0
rooms and bath each: and new 7 room
and bath cotta«-. rents, %.',i per month.
PAYS II PER CENT.
$5,500—4 flats of 4 and 7 rooms; on lot H>xT»
fe*t; rents. 172 per month: all In excel-
lent condition; near Sixth and Folsom
streets.
LEAVENWORTH STREET FLATS.
13.600— Rents 142 M per month: 2 nice Cats of
6 and '• rooms and bath, lot 33:11x59
feet, 2 frontages; any offer submitted.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
15,600—2 new modern corner flats of • rooms
and bath each; fine marine view; cor-
ner lot 27:»x% 3 feet.
nAROAIN.
DEVISADKRO STREET LOT.
$3,000— Near Faemm»nto street: elegant lot at
% of Its value, with a cottage on It of
4 rooms, renting for $14.
HOTEL MEN ATTENTION.
$;.oOf>— balance $4600 on mortgage at • per
cent: at a transfer point: large elegant
rooming-house of 30 rooms; coat $9004
to build; large lot 43 «xloo feet: will
clear $200 per month.
CHEAP LOT.
$1.750— 0n Baker street, near Park Panhandle;
site 25x96:10 feet; cement walk, ready
for building.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$I,ooo— mortgage $4000: can remain at
6 per cent: 2 new elegant modern fiats
of 6 and ( room* and bath: on lot 2Sx
10A; on Golden Gate avenue; any offer
submitted.
eastonTeLdridoe & co.
C3S Market street.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
M MONTGOMERY STREET.
MODERN FLAT AT A LOW FIGURE.
$.'.»y>— Lyon nt . not far from the park; con-
tains < and 7 large, sunny rooms and all lateat
conveniences; rent $45.
MUST BE BOLD.
I72CO— Clay St.. near Scott, facing Alta Plasa:
2-story and basement houae, containing eight
rooms and bath; lot ITxIOO. big bargain.
a CHOICE CORNER CLOSE TO TOWN.
$4750— Page and Laguna sts. ; 33x17 «. all
street work complete, a good corner for flat*
and residence*.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
■m
Entire block, bounded by Folaom St.. Treat
aye. 13th and 14th at*., being offered In eub>
divisions, Call at office and get diagram; $1100
and upward.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$4530— Jackson at., near Mason; 2 flat*, also
a 2-story bouse of 10 rooms; lot baa 44! feet
frontage: rents $62.
$3160 only Keventh-st. corner, near Folsoia;
lot 26x80: leaae pays g per cent.
$14,500— Rent $110: extra large lot. over M feet
front on Montgomery at.; Improvements. >•
atory brick building, containing 2 atorea an*
lodging-house above; bank mortgage $13,000.
$15.000— Offer wanted: big bargain; beat part
of Valencia st.: rent $108 per month: large lot.
65x80 feet, with splendid Improvements, con-
sisting of storea and flats.
HANDSOME "UP-TO-DATE" FLATS.
$8710— Rent $86: $ new flats, fronting the park
panhandle; lot 22xU7:f; ail rented; a flne In-
vestment.
$4400— Large corner, 40x70. on Leavenworth
St.. rents $40: with Improvements, consisting
of 2 flats. i rooms each.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$28,000— Choice piece of bualneaa property
north of Market at., and within 4 block* of
Powell and Kddy; Improvement* consist of
storea and lodging -house above of 2S rooms;
rent $l«.
$300 CASH. BALANCE MONTHLY. SAME AS
RENT.
$2360— Eureka St.. near Nineteenth: new eot-
tag* of i rooms: porcelain baths; up-to-
date In every respect; dus* to Castro and Guer-
rero st. car line*
BALDWIN A nOWELL.
■■ ■-"■ 10 Montgomery at.
$s(io AND UPWARD-SELLINO FAST.
On very easy payments, choice lota In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by II and I
»'- . Eighteenth and Nineteenth aye*.. right on
th* park and the new Nineteenth ay*. boule-
vard; a number of lots already sold. balance
bound to sell quickly, fine In vestments, good
building lots: all ready; lots on official grade,
macadamized; water pipe* laid; plank aide-
walks, i per cent Interest only.
PRICKS $500 UPWARD— TOUR OWN TERMS
Money advanced for building purposes; eleo-
trio cars pas« the property, see this block at
once; go to our branch office to-day, corner II
at. and, Ninth aw.; price lists, etc.. there or
at our office.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
PARK LOTS. SUNSET HEIGHTS.
Block facing Golden tiate Park, betweem II
and I streets. Eleventh and Twelfth avea.
Already ten houses built on this block.
ISCO AND UPWARIL
On* quarter cash; balance monrnly
M M . A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
21 Montgomery at., room 11. Branca offle* 1211
Ninth aye.
NEW cottage*, houses and flata for ami* en
Plerc* and Waller at*., near Halght; or*r II
K^oyvuTfoV'^ Tw - * -» +
r. NKLfiON, builder.
$KO-CITY poultry farm; good cottage. « room*
»nd lot: geese, chicken and duck house*
cement floors; nicely arranged, banks will
loan $750: a fortune and home form rer
month. Apply to P. A. DOLAN. cm Market!
FOR aale— Cheap, new J-atory house*; T rooms-
l*t*«t Improvement*: No* and Hill its.- acai
Castro-st. can, patent sldawaik."I*l "TATE-COUXTRY-Fer Sale
S^KEfSSS?" P^rmr in Los Oatos: »-room
r..>uf»e. with modern convenience; splendid
*»'*J.J»t WxlCO: choice .''.•:: of flowers;
..|"i"v I °,i V** 1111 / trees and vines; ten mln-
•v V F £ m < i e » ot L* lrt =« RWO. Inquire of
—-. C- Campbell. Los Gatos. or Frank Mason.
**'* Twenty-third ttreet. San Francisco.
UEU E . AP £ fiT * M bett la America— The Weekly
i-!r,7 V c p " el< B * nt to any address in the
••••■■•■ ■ postpaid, for ii per year.
Mom* run housekeeping.
nUSIL €33— Furnished and unfurnished, large
and small rooms, for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. rr^3— Private family; sunny
rarlom for light hkpg; reas.; re{s. exchanged.
CHESTNUT. »8— Flr.e furnished room for
house keeping : quiet cclghborhood; fine view
ar.d *un; cheap.
CI.ASSIKIED edveittseraents and subscriptions
received »t Call branch office. MOO Flllmore st.
FIFTH. Bi3-S connecting furnished bousekeep-
.ng menu, t!3: also single rms.. 85. 86 and 87.
FO } J t°2 1 ' I larr * housekeeping rooms, fur-
tilshed; also other*, with gnttog; single. 84.
HAIGHT. 103— Newly furnished «ucny rooms.
HOWARD. THU-Nlcely furnished sunny bay-
W.naow suite, kitchen, .•ekeeping. other*
reasonable.
LEWIS. IS off Taylor, nr. Post— Newly fur-
I Mj«4 bedroom and kitchen; ttf; stove.
113V»-Houfeke«p!ng rooms; 81 and
MISSION. HSO— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
well lurr.'uhed; also clngle rooms.
NINTH. 53. near Market— Front bay-window
room. 8?; with small kitchen. 110: gaa. grate,
I*OLK. 1643. cor. Clay— l Targe nloely furnished
sunny rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
POST, CO*— Nlcel> furnished sunny rooms with
or -without light hounekoeplng; reasonable.
PINE, s'>o— A large sunny room for housekeep-
ing ; also ethers; pent cheap.
SEVENTH, !7« — Cheerful sunny furnished
r •<: t complete for hritpg.; large yard; bad.
THIRD. 34(V— One sunny room, with stove fcr
housekeeping; 84 per month.
TURK. £33—2 mnny rooms; one light house-
s:ees)Jng. running water and grate.
8100.000 TO loan on diamonds. FS.sllver.seal-
tV'.cs. planes, gun*. Uncle Harris. lS Grant ay.
A BRANCH efnee for Call advertisements and
•übsrrlptlons has been established at lON Va-
lencia M
A BHAXCH office for the reception of adver-
V.irr .••:;♦• and sutocriptlcns has been cpened
at i::i polk ft.; rwn until I p. a.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sub*<.r!ptlcns has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
turVy n». Oven till • p. m.
ROOMS TO 111 — Kurn. ana Infurn.
A — I3RUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
tic to 81 per eight; U - to « per week, and
light houcekeeplng; rpen all night.
I.T Hotel rraacleco. Turk and Taylor us. —
HctnrUke house: modem service; elevator;
bath; rocms U« to 81 to day. MRS. J. KING.
OHEMIA. 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. • .:.;; suites for gentlemen and families;
■pee. rates tourists; elevator; all convenience
fRNETT. 14?« Market rt. (old No. 1164)— Fur-
r.>hed mt-.. »u:Te». tingle; also unfurnished.
■ARKOLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner, well furn; rms. A offices.
LAPFIFIKD s-Jvertlsements an 1 subscriptions
rec«lk>-'1 nt Cull branch — „ 1200 Flllmore SL
J-COANT suite, bay window, on Van Ness;
suitable fcr goctcr or genUst. Box til. Call.
ILLIS. tlS— Large rur.r.y room; suitable for 2
grntlewen: everything new.
FULTON, 116 — Sunny rooms, furnished; no
children.
GEARY. 4,"5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
*d rccms. en suite or single. MHS. U. HTER.
CIRARD House. ::: Seventh— Bunny furnished
t r.f. day or week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sta— Sunny rooms, en suite or
f ■■'$:-. ladles' parlor: reading room; • »>»• t
GRANT ivi., 2:7. cpp. Samueif' lace house— Ea
suite cr «lngle; very -able.
HANCOCK House. 7il Mission— family
rocmlrg house; 81 tO • -i t* per week.
_^ ——___- —^_^^_^___^_^
HOWARD. 715— W0 sunny rcoras: nicely fur-
r.'.thej; every convenience; electric lights.
JI2BSIE. SCJ — Large double room; also other
rooms; gentlemen preferred; rent moderate.
MCALLISTER, 1034— Large Furnished room;
laj-ee cli'set; gas; hot and cold water; rent ii.
MINNA, 111— I or 8 h!*u*ek*ep!r.g rocens. oom-
j!fte; also tunny floufcl* rooen.
MINNA. €C 7. comer Eighth— Newly furnished
Lay -window room. 81 per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. IRS Market— Nloely furnished:
too Cay ep; 53 week up; transient.
NINTH. 21— Furnished rooms from 81 75 to 81 60
per week
OAK. I:6— Newly furnished sunny bay-window
suite; gas; bath: also single, gentlemen pre-
f»TT''il. '
OTAHHELL, IV- Sunny fumi»hed rooms and
offices; flf-vatcr: eJectric lights; day. wk.. mo.
PERRY. 34 — Plncie furnished front room to let. j
K>PT. 23?— E>rant suite facing Union Square
Park: sun all day: with private shower, ale
vutr.r and all conveniences.
ROYAL Hcute. 12« Ellis rt.— lncandescent light, '
readir.g-reicm. tnic.klrg-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 3T« to 11 SO; week. U to
:• month, tt to $39: elevator on office floor; I
room* with hot, cold water: baths.
5-HKRMAN Apartment House. W Eighth sU.
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
FIXTEENTn. 2902. cor. Howard— Single fur- i
Oisbed room. »4 per mor.th.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A rood rooming house
f^r go. d people. It. lII'OHES, Proprietor.
TWo large rooms In rear of 711 Natoma at..
bet. EJgMn and Mnth: rent M.
VERONA place, 17. near 3d— Furnished rooms;
21 up. r-y single roorr.K.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
subscriptions r&* b**n established at the
northwest corner rf Twecty-second and Ken- .
tucky rts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH cTflce for the reception of adver- I
tlfrm<*nt» and subrcripiionß has been opened
at 12?3 Polk *t_ : or*-n till 9 p. m. !
A PKANCH office for Call advertisements and
rub»icrlptlor.i has been established at ICJI Va-
Imcla rt.
BPBCIAIi NOTICES.
TH!" Piu-Iflr H^l.rew Orphan Arylum and Home
BpdCtT btrttlT rive notice that they have ad-
.Siitted into the orphanage from July 1, 1689.
to December SO. I^9. the following orphans
aad bolf -orphans. b"y» and girls: Abe Blalne.
£ yrs, 4 mos.; Earle Marks, 5 yn. < moe.j
Rota. Coh^n. 9 jts. 7 mos.; Dora Cohen. 13
yr«. 4 rim.: Joseph Cohen, 11 yr*. - mos.;
- Mar- • nernrtein. 9 yrs. 6 mo*.; Jacob Bern-
•tetn. 7 vrn. 2 mos.: Ruth Lowenstetn. 3 yrs.
* moa.; Charles Hlrsch. 9 yrs. 10 mos.; Albert
Hirnch, • yn. 3 mos.
P.OOMB papered from 31: whitened. 11 up;
ralnting done. Hartmaa Paint Co.. 219 Third.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS" new discovery for rheu-
matism; also medicated bath* for alcoholism
and rheumatism. H.H. Mkt.. office 7: 1-C. 7-10.
HAD tenants ejected for 34; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
411 Mnritromery »t.. rooms >-!0: I*l t'U.
O?TTAP3:ST ar.d best In America— The Weekly
c*n. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Vn'fil Pmt^n r>f»tn«M. '■>'•>» year.
m win-. MACHINES AIVD BUPPIiIF<
It MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine ;:'.'<- 14S Elxth: phone Mint 4S.
ALL' kinds l><mrht. p' " exchanr*'!. rented: re.
rm 1 r i tif «t Ifwwt nly ?nn Fourth «t.
| .lit *«.! AM) WARISIIOUSKS.
7»l"rßrT:-HOT>OLPH J=tcra«;« and Moving Co.
Office «*! VW «t enr Pnw>ll • tel Main f.713.
WATCH HI I'MVIM..
WATCHES cleaned Tie: guaranteed 2 years.
Th» Rrv Jewelry •->-■ '>•>«!»•(«> Cn Hit K**mv.
lUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJLAJOEDA !ti:*l. I>T\TK.
fICO^LOT 26x13: cottage 6 rooms and bath ;
Hreet work Cone; easy terms.
s^oo— lx»t tCxHi; fine cottage: B large, rooms
n'i bath; worth J3",00; only 5100 cash, balance
ti'O per month; great rr.ap.
iSfflO— Lot 40xJi0; Morton et.. between, rall-
roadfc; near station and school; handsome, new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; $MX» and 5-i p<r
$2260— I y-t 2Ixl£0: 2-story house of • rooms and
bath; Alameda ivc, near Morton-ct. station;
eary terms.
f::iOO-I>'t 40x110: fine new {-story house. I
rooms and bath: Morton st.. near nations and
echools: IiOO cash, balance $20 per month.
ISCOO— Lot "6xiy>; on main avenue; cottage
S rooms and bath: grej»t bargain; houses to let
In all art! of Alameda,
in eui p»™ HP. MOREAL & CO..
.-^ 1432 Park «t . Alameda, Cal.
CUY. A PFST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 P»* **, •* nt to •»' address tJ > tn>
United States or Canada one year tor 41.
portage pal*- ' * '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
{ FOR sale— A thoroughly well built house of 9
room*, with all modern improvements, in the |
very best part of Berkeley; either for cash or
Installments. JCS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley station.
ADJACENT to the University— Fine house of U
rooms; gas and electricity: large lot; owner
must sell, ran he had at a bargain.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Eetate.
Adjoining Poetofflce. Berkeley Station.
I TWO flats— lo rocms; modern* near station; 8
minutes to University; price I2SW; easy terms.
FHKrgr: & OOPDINGTON. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
j IWOO^-WlLir sill quick »OC. fine corner
residence; lot 4Sxl7&; 9 rooms; up to dale.
E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
A WKEK'S newt for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
It imn In wrapper, for mailing. 8- per year.
' oaklaxd KIHMURBKOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. the
furniture deaiT. nth nmi Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDBXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 100 (50c per
share) of the Ooeanlo Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
No. .:: Market it., on and after Tuesday,
January 2, ISW. Transfer books will close on
Wednesday. December 17, 1899. at 8 o'clock
p. m. £. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN Francisco Savings Union. (32 California
sL, corner Webb— Dividend Notice— For the
half year ding with the Slat of Deoember,
ltot. a dividend has been declared at the rate
par annum cf three and three-fourths (*\)
per cent en term deposits and three and one-
tlghth '?■»' per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday,
January 8. l>oo LOVELL WHITE. Caabler.
DIVIDEND njUoe— The German 6avlnrs and
Loan Scclety. -o California St.— For the half
veax ending December 81, U99. a dividend has
1 • < :» declared at the rate of four (4) per cent
pel annum on term deposits and three and
one-third (8 1-3) per cent per annum on ordi-
nary deposits, tree of taxes payable on and
after Tuesday, January 2, 1900.
OEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 74 12! cents per share) of the
Hutchlr.son Sugar Plantation Company will
be payable at the office of the company, 83T
Market at., on and after Wednesday. Dec
' to. 1599.
Transfer books will dose on Thursday, Deo.
14. 1599. at 8 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
I'KOI'USALS.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies.— 3l New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal., December
11. U.O. Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
I received here until U o'clock a. m. December
11. U99, and then opened, for furnishing Hats,
\\ oolen Drawers, Shoes. Petroleum, and Wrap-
ping Paper. Naphthaline. Hatchets and Hatchet
Helves. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (Includ-
ing In the prloe of foreign productions the duty
thereon), and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the
consumption required by the publto service
there. The United States reserves the right to
accept or reject any or ail proposals or any part
; thereof. Proposals for delivery at other points
will be entertained. Information and blank
proposals furnithed on application. Envelopes
will be indorsed "'Proposal* for Military Sup-
| plies. No. 7Ki2." and addressed CAPTAIN O3-
CAR F. LONG. Assistant Quart eraiaster, U. I
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA^ BL'RKE-
LEY.
Notice to contractors, builders and material
rr.en— Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
th* erection of an addition to the chemical
laboratory building and an addition to the
Harmon Gymnasium on the university grounds.
Berkeley, Cal.. and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
I for; and Kald bids or proposals will be received
I at th- office of the Regents of the University
, in the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. corner
of California and Mason sts., San Francisco,
Cal . at or before 1:30 o'clock p. m. on the
ICth day of December. 1599.
And notice Is hereby further given that the
plans end specifications of said buildings have
; been made and adopted and are placed In the
office of Curlett & McCaw. architects, 814 Phe-
, lan building. San Francisco, where the same
may hfl seen and examined during each day
from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m.,
from this date until the -6th day of Decem-
ber. 15M.
No bids or proposals will be considered unless
I the same are accompanied by a certified check
1 or a bond of said proposer in the sum of ten
(IP) pet cent of his proposal, with sufficient !
sureties, conditioned that If said bid or pro-
rx«&l shall be accepted the party proposing will
duly enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and nbllfratlon* In accordance
with raid proposal ur.C plan and specifications,
which shall be and are hereby required to be
a part of such contract. Th« right to reject
any and all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
I California." approved March IS, 18« S. and an
art amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 2S. 1572. relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 8. 1897.
By order of the committee on grounds and
buildings of the Board of Regents.
Dated December 13. IRS9.
E. A. DENICKE. Chairman.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
tealed proposals will be received by the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13. 820 Sansome St..
Pan Frai.clsco. Cal . up to 10:30 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY. December 23. 1859. and cr»ne<J
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, frr furnishing and delivering Quarter-
master and commissary supplies for th» Vet-
erans' Home, r.apa Cou«ty. Cal. (railroad sta-
ticn Yountvllle). for six months commencing
Jsnuarv 1. 1900. and ending June 35.- 1900.
Pchedules with '"formation and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
Is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
rponslble banking house for at least 10 per
crnt of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
Mason Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the
Mdfler will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notloe of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over cr under the amount specified.
»•«-. J. J. pr-r»VTT.I>F,. Pecr«-fnrv Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room IS. 323 Fan* me at San Fran-
circo, cc" By rr<Vr of the Board of Direc-
tor*. -T. 3, pr>oi*TT T r B«»cr*tanr.
.. LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN th» Superior Court of the City and County
of Pan Franr-i«co. Ptate of California.— the
matter of Occidental Beet Pugar Company, a
corporation, upon Its application for a Judg-
ment of dlMOlution.— Nctlee No. 70.422.
Notice Is hereby c'ven that OCCIDENTAL
r.EET FT'riAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganired and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing its office and place of business In the city
and county of San Francisco. Btate of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
ctr""-1 to the Puperior Court of the city and
county cf Fan Francisco. State of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment cf dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday, December 22d. 1599. at 10 o'clock
a m.. at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
the City and County of Pan Francisco, have
been appointed as the day. time and place for
the bearing of paid. application.
In witness wh»reof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official real of said 6u-
r«rior Court, this »Cth day of November. IM9.
FSealJ Vm A. DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November M. 1533. WM.
A. DEANK. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
T>eT"itr C.-4 ' ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Rudolph Homeler and Lena Bauer 40-25
James li. Storey and Clara F, Melloch. 30-2?
John J. Leonard and Kate P11k...'. 82-23
Charles W. Rhodes and Daisy Wagstaff....2S-23
Henry D. Carter and Ruth K. Flckett 21-20
William J. Sclhorn and Laura M Sage IR-17
Ernest H. Schultze and Minnie Phand 43-35
J. A. Fred Faeler and Mamie Childers 41-22
William N. McCarthy and Anna M. Fiedler.2s-23
jean B. Amlot and Clothlide CaHasva . £6-2)
John V. <"\:nha. and Annie Van <>r Wheele.22-18
" BIRTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage- and death notices tent by
mall will not bt inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KATZER— In this city. December 13. ISM. to
the wife of M. Katzer, a son.
j MAGI* IKE In this city, December 14, 1199. to
the wife of Arthur Magulre. a daughter.
KINDER— In this city. December It 1899. to
the wife of J. H. Rlnder. a daughter.
MARRIED. ~~
CLAUSEN— 6CHRODBR— In this city. Decem-
ber 18, 1899, by the Rev. Paul Branke. Wil-
liam D. Clausen and Josephine A: Schroder,
both of San Francisco.
FORBES— HORBT— In this city, December 17.
1599. Erneit Forbes and May Forbes.
JACKSON— DAUTERMAN— this city, De-
csmber 11. 1593, by the Rev. John Stephens.
George W. G. Jackson and Lucille U. Dau-
tercua. both of £aa Frunclsco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECE>n3ER 20, 1899.
DIED.
Alderman. Oscar Hornun*. John
Avery. Louisa S. Lauder. Louis O.
Brady. Jamee McAuliffe. Margaret
Butler. Winifred Mulcahy, Joseph
Helen Nicholson. Anna M-
Crow. Belle C. -cht. Ann
Dean, Mary Patterson, Harry
Dlercks. Henry Reber. Jaoob
Flynn. James J. Smith. James
Grill. Catherine Smith. Stanley C
HargTave. Henry Btrecker, Augusta
Hart, Annie Taylor. Minnie B.
HUp, Ferdinand F. Williams. Fraaci» A.
ALD-EUIMAN— In this city. Deoember 18, 1899. |
C»ccar. belored husband of Annie Alderman,
and father of Llzxle. Bertie, Eva, Frank and
David Alderman, a native of Maasachusetu,
aged 67 years 4 months and t4 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, UJ& Mlsnl.>n street, near Twenty-first, j
thenoe by funeral oar from the corner or
Twentieth and Guerrero streets at 10:80
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
AVERY— In Bausallto. Cal.. December IJ. I**9.
Louisa 8.. wife of Francis Avery, and mother
of Mrs H C. Campbell and Russell and How-
ard Avery, a native of Ohio, aged l W years.
tT Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10:15 o'clock, at Christ Chu*ch. Sau-
ssilto. Interment private.
BRADT— In this dty, December 18, IW9, James
l'rady, beloved son of Patrick and Susan
Brady, and brother of Ellen and Maggie
Brady and Mrs. Hugh McGhllnchsy. a na-
tive of the parish of KiUendreshandra, County
Caran, Ireland, aged 84 years.
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Tilly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 8:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Oantner & Ounts Undertaking Com-
pany 8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Hayes street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repone of his
soul oommenclng at I o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, hy carriage.
BUTLER— In this city, December 19, 1899, Wini-
fred Butler, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Butler mother of John. Terrwce. William
and Mamie Butler, and sister of Mrs. James
Pearl, a native of County Rosoommoo, Ire-
land, 'aired M years.
(ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'olock, from her late
residence. 78 Manchester street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a sol-
emn requiem ma«s will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul. oommenclng at 9 o dock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COOK— In this city, December 19. 1599, Helen,
infant daughter of William L. and Clara EL
Cook a native of San Francisco, aged 8
m on tin.
CROW— In this city. December 19, U9S. Belle
QL. beiored wife of AJblon Crow, mother of
Lloyd T. and Ll»*l« L. Crow, and sister of
the late Mrs. R. M. Orlffln. Mrs. Jennie Gard-
ner Buckwell and Mrs. Mamie M Shaw of
Guatemala, a native of PaJaro Valley, aged
41 years 9 months and 16 day*.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
DEAN— In this city. December 17. ISS9. Mary,
beloved daucbter of Adam F. and Mary C.
Dean, aod sister of Mrs. B. Gaet and Wil-
liam, Harry. Charles. Lewis and Oliver Dean,
a native of California, aged 19 years 7 months
and 17 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances ure respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Wednesday), at 1 o'olock, from her late
residence. 2321 Sixth street, between Ban-
croft street and Channlng way. West Berke-
ley. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
DIKRCKS— In this city, December IS. 1593,
Ile-.ry, beloved son of Peter and Ellen
I'iercks. and brother of Pauline and Arthur
ks. a native of Ban Francisco, axed 7
yean and 10 months,
r7Frten4s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(We.'reartay). at i o'clock, from the residence
rf tt« parents, 4488 Seventeenth street. 1 —
- Uranus and Temple. Interment Mount
l ary Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this .dty. December 19, IiJA James
1 dearly fce!o*ed »on of Timothy and Mary
- father of Margaret M. Flynn. and
-r ■ f Mrs. a W. Smith, Mrs. A. J. Bar-
nett. Mrs. P. Madden, Mrs. J. M. MoL&Ujgh-
lln and Mrs. 77 T. Kelly, a nattre of San
Francisco, aged 43 rears 4 months and 14
days.
C-T-Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3O o'olock, from his late resi-
dence. SJ?7 Twenty-fifth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of his
oommenclng at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GRILL— In this city, December li. 1599. at her
residence, 1140 Mission street, near Tenth.
Catherine Grill, beloved mother nf Mrs. Marie
Dleterlck and Mrs. Carolina ffman. and
grandmother of Edward No a native of
a •..■e. aged 81 years and 3m. ns,
C.r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late
rooe, 1240 Mission street, near Tenth.
to Pt. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
aventie, near Jones etreet, where a solemn
requiem hlirh mass will be oelebrated for the
ul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
HAI:;RAYE— In this city. December 19, 1899.
Henry Hargrave. father of Mr*. J. Bemhard
and Harry H., Edmund J.. Albert E., Ella
and the late W. J. Hargrave. a native of
r.i ;l;md. a«ed 13 years.
fjr Friends and acquaintances are reepeot-
fu!!y invited to attend the funeral Friday.
Deoember 12. at 10 o'clock, from 9 Twenty-
elphth street. Interment Cypreus Lawn Ome-
t«?ry. by electric funeral car from Twenty-
e'.ghth and Guerrero streeu. The remains
c.,n be seen at the chapel of the Golden Gate
taking Company. 2425 Mission street, un-
til Thursday evening, December SL
HART— In this dty. December IS. 1899. Annie
Hart, mother of Nellie M. Hurt, and sister
c t Mrs. John Meade. a native of Ireland,
aged 64 years.
C-yFrlenis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(U'.-JnesJayj. at S:3u o'clock, from her late
':ice, IHU Fair Oaks Ftreet. thence to
St. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth street.
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing- at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
HILP— this city, December 18. 1899, Ferdi-
nand F. Hllp. dearly beloved eon of Mrs. H.
J. H:lp, and brother of Mrs. M. Kahn. Mr*.
Theresa Frobman and C. Hllp of Cincinnati,
Ohio, and Henry and Sol Hllp of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged CC
years 1 month and 14 days. (Cincinnati. Ohio,
and Nevada State papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge No.
128, F. and A. M Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:80 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
HORNTJNG— In this city. December 17, 1899,
John Hornung, dearly beloved husband of the
late Barbara Hornung. and father of Frana
Xavter, Brother Wllllbold Hornung of Chi-
cago, Mrs. Albert Wagner of Michigan and
Sister Bernardo, a native of GroSskuchen.
Wurteroberg. Germany, aged 65 years I
months and 6 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis and Catholic Knights of
Wisconsin. (Michigan and Illinois papers
please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his ■"''■*■. 14S Prospect place, between
Ewneralda street and Virginia avenue, thence
to St. Anthony's Church, oorner of Army and
Folsom streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
Ff.Tsl, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
LAUDER— In this city. December 19, 1191. Louis
G. Lnuder, aged 68 years.
E7Funeral services at his late home, 131
Buena Virta avenue, to-morrow (Thursday),
at 3 o'clock. .-••■ i
McAULIFFE— Ia this city. December 11. 1199.
at her residence, 2314 Webster street. Mar-
garet McAullffe <n»e Finn), dearly beloved
mother of the late Michael J. McAullfle and
Mrs. "■"%". J. Meagher, and beloved grand-
mother of Ida May, . Charles, William, Eva,
George and Frank Meagher, a native of Kll-
laboy, CurrlAn, County Clare, Ireland, aged
73 years.
MULCAHY— this city. December 19. ISJS,
Joseph, beloved son of James and Bridget
Mulcahy, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 17u5 Ellis street, thenoe to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICHOLSON— In this city, December U. 1899.
Anna May. dearly beloved daughter of Alex-
ander and Mary A. Nicholson, and sister of
Mrs Alexander Anderson and Alexander J.,
William A . Jessie C, James A. and David
B. Nicholson, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 10 months and 22 days.
C7Ftlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day"
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 24 Chattanooga street.
Interment^ Masonla Cemetery.
OT>BRKCHT-In this city. December 18. 1599,
at her residence, 1416 Taylor street. Ann
Olbrecht. beloved aunt of Miss Sarah Bor-
land, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aged 99 years 5 months and IS days.
Friends and acquaintances ape respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at > o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1416 Taylor street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ■
PATTERSON— In the City and County Hoepl-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C 0.,.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
Mi Firth at., opposite L ncjln ricUoal.
Telephone 8ou.l) SO.
I/VIoMV/OY A CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EiIBALMERS. I
1231 Market st., between Bth and 9th.
Telephone South 247. |
N. F. Dethlefeen. Cha«. H. Jacob.
'.; CIiAS. H. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, til
Mason street, between Oeary and OTiar-
rell streets. Telephone, Main 6211.
taL Deoember 19. 1899. Harry Patterson, a
native of Oregon, aged 28 years.
REBER— In this olty, December 19, 1899. Jacob
Reber, beloved husband of Mary J. Reber,
and father of Arthur, Charles, Franklin and
George W. Reber. a native of Indiana, aged
U years 7 months and 7 days. A member of
Liberty Poet No. 133. O. A. R.. and Seven
Pines Circle No. 8. 'Ladies of the O. A. R.
SMITH— In this oity. December 17. 1899. James,
beloved husband of the late Mary Smith, and
father of Mrs. Laura A. Miller, a native of
the parish of Ballyahannon. County Donegal,
Ireland, aired 77 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attind the funeral to-morr^w
(Thursday), at 10.Z0 o'clock, from the parhrs
of the United Undertakers. V and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Churoh for
services). Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this dty. Deoember IS. ISS9. Stan-
ley C, dearly beloved husband of Blna Smith,
sob of Eliza K. and t.*ie late Crowson Smith,
and brother cf Frank A. and Walter T.
Pmlth. a r.atrve of California, aged SO years
and 14 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wedne.Hday), at 2 o*dock, from the Fair-
mount Hotel. Interment private. Masonle
Cemetery.
BTRECKEXR— In thU dty, December 19. 1899.
Augusta Strecker, beloved mother of Adolph.
Carl and Herman Strecker. Mrs. Marie Koeb-
nen. Mrs. Elizabeth Fettke, Mrs. Ida Wills
and Mrs. Clara Sohroer, a native of Zdunr.
Germany, aged 70 years 11 months and 17
dayu.
£7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, KOB California street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this dty. December 19, 1899. Min-
nie E.. beloved wife of George Taylor, a na-
tive of Santa Rosa, Cal., aged 48 years 1
month and I days.
WILLIAMS— In this dty. December I*. 1599.
Francis A., beloved son of Fannie B. and
the late F. O. A. Williams, and brother of
E. W., R. J.. L. P. and Grace A. Williams,
a native of San Franolsoo, aged 89 years.
jrXThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clook. from the par-
lors of Halcted A Co., thence to St. Patrick's
Church. Interment private.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Parker & w. L Ang W C Howard. Stockton
A £ Barnes. Spokane V,' H Roberts & w, Cal
A Thompson.. Arbuckle W Eartls, Gonsales
Mrs W Nlcholls it fy. J J Morey, Watsonvllle
Dutch Flat J E Clay & w, Lompoo
Mrs 13 H Ford. Cal Mr Livingston, Boston
E C Clark, S Koaa , A Tldm< re & w. Reno
J H Gardiner, R Vista T Laundry. N York
D Healy. Sac to C H Lutkey A w. Cal
0 Wade. St Helena C F Roberts. Eureka
A P MackJe, Berkeley Miss S M Hall, Denver
J C Edwards, S Jose W Hannum Aw, X V
M E Hornleln. Sacto 13 A Smith 4 w, Colo
W Dolan, Baoto E A Smith Jr, Stanford
Miss E L Reel el, Cal G Gnaust. BenlcU
W Grant. Biggs F Thomas, 8 Dak
J Arnett, Cal F A Jones. Santa B
3 H Slmonson, Merced E R Sands it a, Cal
X Boswell. Oakland D Harrtat. N York
W 6 Hall, Woodland J Mason, New York
J A Adams, Milwaukee J Meueer, Chicago
J H Lowe, N York P M Shaffer, U B A
A L Shlrdy &w. Cal P Pcndleton, N York
Dr A H Sweeney. Cal C 8 Pope, BaJcersfield
G M Clark. Utlea W D Cortes, Fresno
E L de Arnan. Cal E T Flsh«r, Norfolk
Mrs B pillar, 8 Lake JII Landreth, Oakland
W Raphael. Cal W II Hammer A w.Cal
G A Wolf* Si w. Or G A Smith. Courtland
PALACE HOTEL.
sirs E R TUllnghast. C C Peersall & w. Cal
NY (I M Loud. Los An*
Ml-s TUllnghast. MY Dr O C Melbourn. L A
A C Havens * w, Cal J Carruthers. L Ang
Mrs O Clark. Stkton 3 T Sebretch, Texas
YV H Soul A I dan. H Bursch. N V
Sydney H P Hanley, Seattle
L E ■ utttnan, NY I II Burrow* Ohio
L Gerllnger Jr. Stanfd 'J A Roberts A w, Cal
J Leary Aw, Seattle Mrs C A'L'.ttlehola, Cal
'.■. 1. Guertn. Seattle A Knab, Chicago
C N Hatch, Cal ?apt O B French. U
B -.USA S A
A Bettens, Byron Bprg Mrs G E French, Cal
E II Phillips, Cal I B Stewart. Chgo
B F Taylor. Cal 5 N Rucker. San Jose
11 Ellis. Cal i W Marrlon, 8 Lake
P C Lusk. Chloo J Jepson, M T
7 C Galr. Chicago C L Jaeger. N V
W C Cock A w. Pi land L Untermeyer. N V
V H MacLymond. Cal 0 Drelfus, Pa
W I Duncan Detroit El Yerrlngton
T Flint Jr & w, Oal 3 Carrtgan, Cal
J J Cole, St Louis 3 ■ Goodman Jr. Napa
t H H Lewis. Colo Mlas M Goodman A
R X McClellan, Minn maid, Napa
El 11 Dor?, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Mldd>ton. England |3 KohJer. Stockton
JD Warner. Fresno B Chanteloup, Sacto
Worley, Vlsalla \T Adams. Los Angeles
H Manerkan. Cal U C McOauley. S J^oe
J Langford. San Jose Q WulS. Bouldin Is
W W Fesaell. Uktah r B Hamilton. L Ang
R Parker. Tuoeon X Sutherland. L Ang
H Sweat. Mont (I Breddon. Santa Rosa
J O Laws. Fresno F V Powell. Marysvllle
J M F< nda. St Paul 3 W Pleroe, San Jose
F Wjiiters A w. Oakdl*
REAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Matthew J. Sullivan to John J. and Annie A.
Doyle, lot on W line of Folaom street. 76 S
of Erie. 8 44. SW 120:2%. N\V 16. NE 127:*: 110.
Charles 11. Steel« to llattle B. Steele. lot on
W line of Shoiwell street. 95 8 of Twenty-Bee- i
ond. S 14:4 by W 122:8, quitclaim deed: $10.
BUsa C. Herbert (Comerford) (wife of Frank, i
and as executrix of estate of Joseph M. Cocner
ford) to Annie I- Lambert (wife of William
II >, lot on NW line of San Jose avenue. 65:4 Vi
NE of Thirtieth. NH 26:1<H». W 86. 8 28. E 87;
$2600.
William and Maud* Holt to Security Loan
Association, lot on E line of Diamond street.
ES S of Twenty-third. S 23 by E 100: $10.
Security Loan Association to Mary Harden,
same; jr.'lO.
Ellen Kelly Finn to James T. Finn, lot on SE
line of Natoma street. 175 SW of Fifth. SW
21:3 by 8E SO, quitclaim deed: $10.
Katie and Joseph G. Me Call to Charles Par
ent, lot on W line of Fourth avenue. 123 N of
Clement street, N 25 by W 120: 110.
Joseph E. and Elizabeth L. Green to Wil
liam A. Murlson. lot on SW corner of Thirty
sixth avenue and H street. B COO by. W 340: $10.
Louis and Rose Lip man to Patrick Furlong.
lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 25 S of 1 i
street. B 16 by W 120; $10.
Charles S. and Ida M. Osborn to William
Johnson, lot on W line of Eighth avenue. 175 .
5 of J street. P ■ by W 120; 110.
Hernl or Harry and Rosa Delagnes to the
McCarthy Company (a corporation), lot 34,
block 84, Sunnvalde; $10.
Estate of John W. P. O*Kane (by John
O'Kane, administrator) to James D. O'Kane,
lot on 12 line of Farren avenue. 100 N of Eddy
street. & M byE 90; $3000.
James D. O'Kane to Minerva D. Kellogg,
same; J3CCO.
Margaret A. MeEvoy to Thomas H. Rooney.
lot on B line of Jackson street. 137:6 E of Brod
erlck, E 63:9 by 8 137:8*; $10.
Emma Friedrlch to Sophia P. Halght. lot on
E line of Lett street, 100 S of Fulton. 3 60 by
E V.f.-.i; $10.
Thomas M. and John J. Scarey to Carl D.
FalfMd, lot on 6 line of Parnassus (Sullivan)
street, 107:6 W of Btanyan W 25 by N 137:6, $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Coo m on Land
and Water Company (a corporation), lot on SW
corner of Sixteenth and Castro streets. 8 80
by \\" 100: also lot on 8 line of RlchJaand ave
nue, 200 W of South avenue. W (0 by 8 100.
block 6, Holly Park; also lot on 8 line of Point
Lobos avenue. £4:3 E of Wood street. E 25 by
6 US; also lot on NW corner of Islals and
Caviar streets, W 60 by N 100. lota 32 and 33.
Spring Valley Homestead: also lot on 8 line of
Thirtieth street. 67:6 W of Harper (Bartlett),
W T7:« by S 12.'.. block 24. Falrmount: $3460.
Michael and Nellie Glynn to John M. Day
ball, lot on S line of Twenty-first street. 25 E
of York. E 25 by 8 67:6: $10.
Frances A. and Charles H. Reynold* to John
B. Farleh. lot on NE corner of -Forty-seoond
and Cliff House avenues, N 190. D 85. BW 203.
NW 64:1: $10.
Albert M. Getz to Eleanor Martin, lot on E
line of Forty-eighth avenue, 275 8 of I street.
6 co by i; 120: $10.
Robert Ray to Arthur Brehant. lot 73, Bernal
Homestead; $10.
Louisa Rohrbach to Amelia Gaddal (Rohr
bach), lot on N line of Crescent street. 825 E
of South avenue. W 25 by N 100, lot $0, block
8. Holly Park: $10.
Albert P. and Margaret A. Mordaunt to
American Bank and Trust Company, lot on E
line of Center street.-75 N of Brunswick. N 100
by E 120. lots 21 to 24, block 6. Syndicate's First
Addition; also lot on NE corner of Pope and
Brunswick streets. N 25 by E 120. lot 18. block
6. same; $10. .. ;"*"•"'• ■ i . >•■.
Solomon G. and Jnlla Mlsh to Fanny Dui»*n
b«ry (wlf« of Nathan), estate of Jacob Duaen
bery: $10.
Edward K. and Rebecca Ash to Julia Dusen
bery (wife of Lewis), same; $10.
Alameda County.
Harrison A. and Clare West Jones to David
Pavla. lot on W line of Baker street. 120 N of
Felton street. N 40 by W 125.97. being lot 16,
block P. Herzog Tract. Oakland; $10.
Frank H. Moaher to Lucy B. Cables, undi
vided third Interest In lot on S line of Atlan
tic street. 125 W of Willow street. W 25 by 8
100:7 U. being lot 16, block 485, revised map of
the Gibbons property at Oakland Point. Oak
land; $1. -Vj*
Lucy E. Cables to O. L. Fitz. undivided two
thirds Interest In same, Oakland: $1.
Henry A. Barry to Louese Francis, lot on N
line of Alcatraz avenue. 285 E from E line
of Lorln Villa Tract. W 40, N 120. E 40. S 120.
to beginning, being a portion of Vicente Pcralta
Reserve, Oakland; $10.
6. F. and Ellen Sinclair to William Nlchol.
all Interest in same, Oakland, quitclaim deed.
$5.
Sarah M. and 3. K. McLean to Etta O. Good
friend, lot on B line of Durant avenue. 118 W
of Fulton street. W 40 by 8 ISO. being lot 43.
block 14, College Homestead Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Charee and
Sarah A. Crewe, lot on E line of Fourth street.
85.7S 8 of Channlng way, 8 38.34. E 123. N 81.67.
W 125 to beginning, being lot 29. block 132.
corrected map of Avery Tract. Berkeley; $8
R. E. Turner to Annie Pool*, lot It map of
Stone's Subdivision. Brooklyn Township, quit
claim deed: 85.
"**" Builders' Contracts. ' .
Overland Freight Transfer Company (own
st) with A. C. Soule (contractor), architects
Tharp A Carpenter, mill and metal
work, glazing and painting for a 2-story frame
stable on lot on NW line of Bryant street. 30C
I SW of Fourth. SW 100 by N"W 275; $5970. . .
Annie Had ley (owner) with John H. Mnnster
i (contractor), architect none— - work except
excavation, brick work, maouis. ras fUtmo
and shades for a 1-story and basement frame
building on lot on N line of Eddy street. 60 W
of Pierce. W 80 by N 76; M 136.
Peter Henrlch (owner) with Caspar Zwi«p
leln (contractor and architect)— All work for
two two-story frame buildings, with finished
basements and -partly finished attic*, on- lot
on" N line of Grove street. 150 W of Baker,
N 1»7:« E . WED, 8 IS7:« V E 50; 17500.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Patje Ten.
Arcata ICooa Bay Vmo. M, 1* amfPler U
North Fork Humboldt D»o. V. > am'PVs* I
UmaUlla ..(Vie & Pgt Sd. Deo. V. 10 am;Hlcr I
Marlposa ..Sydney D«o. V. W prn.Pler U
Columbia ..Portland to** 5 - N > Warn Pier »t
Albion 'Tlliamook 'Deo. tS, I pm.Pler I
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. '•';. ,
Tuesday. December li.
Btmr ' Koto. " Johnson, 16 hours from Port
Btmr Mackinaw, Ldtuefield. S3 hours from
Seattle. -.-. . • - ' :
Btmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. U hours from
Crescent City,
Btmr Geo Loomls, Brllcett. Si hours from
Ventura,
Et rar Jeanle, - Ms+ti. 4 days It hours from
Vancouver.
Stmr South Portland. Han. ICS hoars from
Oyster Bay.
Br c tmr Sikh, Rovrle, S3 days • from Manila,
via Nagasaki 22 days. .*•-..:
Bktn Eureka, Schon. 17 days from Taooma.
Schrßeulah. Mitchell. 9 days from WUlapa
Harbor.
CLEARED.
■ . Tuesday, December 19.
Ftrr.r Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.; Goodall.
Perkins 6 Co. ...
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder. Ooos: P M S B Co.
Nor Btmr Thyra. Edwardson. Hoogkocig, via
Portland and Ban Dleiro; Cai A O 6 8 Co.
Ship Glory of th« Seas. Freeman. Comnzj R
Dunsmuir Sons Co,
SAILED.
Tuesday, December It.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Ptmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria. ■-'•• •
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. Portland.
Strar Progreso. Zolllnjf. Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Greenwood. FarerSund. Greenwood. '
Stmr Alice Blanohard, . Jessen. Coo* Bay.
Etmr Navarro. Jensen, Qowens I undine.'
Btmr Arcata. Reed Coos Bay.
Stmr Aloha, Jor«;*n»en. Crescent City.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmonds. Nanalmo.
Nor stmr Thyra, Edvardsen,' Ban Diego. Port
land and Honrkong.
Ship America, Marden. Comox.
Bchr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landlnr.
Bcbr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Bchr Mary B Poster, Thompson. Honolulu.
Schr John D Tallant, Hoffland. Port Gamble
and Honolulu. • . .•: -.
Schr San Buenaventura. L«nkllde. Grays
Harbor.
Bohr Cortntfcian, Korth, Bourses Iytfiiinff.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. Blhlers Point.
. TELDGRAPHIC.
POINT I/>BOS. Dec 19, 10 p m— WeathaT
clear: wind NB, velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Nov 7, lat 14 8. lon S3 W— Br ship Ben Lm,
hence Au« 4. for Hull.
Deo I, lat ID N. lon 27 W— Br shij> A*nes
Oswald, hence Auk 6, for Queens town.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— SaiIed Deo lA— Schr Dannl* Do
tard, for Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— bailed D«a I»— Schr Neptune and
bktn Gardiner City, for San Francisco; schr
Admiral, for San Diego.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Deo 19— Stmr
Mlneola, for X anal mo.
EUREKA— Arrived Deo Stmr Brunswick,
hence Deo 18; etmr Same*, hence Deo IS.
Sailed Deo 19— Stmx South Coast, for Ban
Fran clcco.
BAN PEDRO— Deo IS— Schr Joseph
Russ, for Olympla; schr Penelope, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec — Schr Kate and Anna, from
Mexico. Deo 19— Stair Ban Pedro. henc« Deo 17.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Deo 19— 6tmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; blitn Gleaner, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Deo 13— Br baric Cambrian Warrior,
from Taltal.
GRAYS HARF.OR— failed Deo Schr Fan
nie Adele. for Pan Franolsco; schr North Bend,
for San Franclpoo.
Arrived Dec 19 — Schr Olen. b*nc« Deo 13.
FORT BRAGG— Balled Deo 19— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAKTI.A— prior to Deo 13— Stmr City
of Puebla. hence Nay 19.
BUENOS AYRES-Arrtved Nor Nor Btmr
AJcer. from Port Ludlow.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Oct S3— ChU bark
Ema Louisa, from Port Blakel<?7.
DBAL— Passed Dec 17— Br ship CJilltonford.
from Ijondorx. for San Francis co,
DOVER— Passed Deo IS— Br ship Kln« G«org«,
hence Auk 7, for Antwerp.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec Stmr AlanMda,
hence Nov 19. .
YOKOHAMA— SaIted Deo IT— Br stmr Queen
Adelaide, for Tacoma.
GUAYHAS— FaiIed Deo Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Deo Haw wtmr Bar
raoouta. for ManzanlTlo.
ADEL.^ Arrived Deo 18— Ship Standard,
from Portland.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived Deo. 19— Stmr Darmstadt,
from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Deo 19— Stmr Bulgaria,
from New York.
YOKOHAMA-Balied Deo 19— Stmr Queen
Adelaide, for Taooma.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Deo IS— Stmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Manltoo.
from London; stmr Kaiser WUhelm der Groase*
from Bremen, Southampton and Cherbourg.
PORTLAND. Me— Arrived Deo 19 — Stray
Dominion, from Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Deo 6tmr Pretoria.
from New York, for Hamburg, and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Deo 20 — Stmr
Trave, from New York. • ,
GIBRALTAR— Deo Stmr Werra.
from Genoa, for New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
, Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
5v Steamers leave Broadway
/iT^S-—^^ wharf. San Francisco:
ts*»^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I ■PtOWssßt Dec - 17. -• r7 - Jan. 1. change
IbKlbb^vß to com P any ' s steamers, at
(nBnW For 'victoria. Vancouver.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
I r^^iSHk^B (W- C.), Port Towns»nd. Se-
attle. Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes . and New Whatcom
(Waah.). 19 a. m.. Dec. 17,
ti »7 Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. IVy. : at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.: at .Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 2 p. m., Deo. 15.
20, 28 80 Jan 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For a'nta Crux. Monterey. Sun Simeon. Cayu-
1 coe Port Harford (San Luis Oblfpo) Gavlota,
fcanta Barbara Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro,
FaKt San IVdro (Lo« Angeles) and Newport. 9
i! m.. Deo. 14, IS. 22. 26. 80, Jan. 3. and every
°For RaiT Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lul» Oblspo) Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anfeeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) U a.
i m* Dec! 1? 20. 24. 28. Jan. 1. and every fourth
a %r*ESSada, Magdalena Bay. San Joa. del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, LaPa.. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. .th of each
For h * further Information obtain company's
°Th" company reserves th* right to chanr*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* «f pullinsr. • • .-'
TICKET OFFICE —4 Nrw Montgomery
str'^'t (l'alacp Hotel).
m 0. R. & N. CO.
r DISPATCH FAST 6TEAM"ERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE ?12 First Class Including BertS
IAHL $8 Second Class and Meals. •
State of California.... Sails Dec. 4. 14. 24. Jan. 3
Columbia ..Sails Deo. 9. 19. 23. Jan..B
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«o. Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents. ■
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. '
AMERICA MARTT • Thursday. Do©. 31
HONGKONO MARU Tuesday. Jan. II
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 9
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COHPAONIE GEKERALE TRANS ATLANTIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _+*>,*,.
Sailing en-cry Thursday Instead of [pr\
Saturday, from November 2. 1&99. at**™ ls *™
10 a. m.. from Pier 43, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA BUE-TAGNE. Deo. • 23; LA
NORMANDIE. Jan. 4; LA CHAMPAGNE.
Jan. 11: LA AQUITAINE, Jan. IS. First class
to Havre, $S0 and upward; 6 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second class to Havre, $45: 5
per. cent reduction on round trip GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway . (Hudson building). New
York. " . J. F. FUOAZI .- & CO.. ■ Paclflo Coast
Aircnta, • Monl«omery. am.- San Francisco,
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IS THE STATE OF
California, on the list day of December,
A. D. li?». and for the year ending on that
Cay, as made tS the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections (10 and (11 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ..._ „ ti.oeo.sje »
•. " ' , ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company.... Uil.lV) 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages ■ 421.7X7 07
Cash Mark Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2.072, ¥?» 00
Amount ef Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 251.317 a
Cash In Company's Office 12.17* SO
Cash In Banks 210.724 Li
Interest due and accrued on Col-
lateral Loans MM
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages m 7.711 IS
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion - 122.51111
Warrants - S.UO 91
Due from oth«r Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 1,173 M
Total Assets '..'.. ..15.eM.340~ 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ft*. »7 S3
Lo*s«o In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 219,097 23
Losses restated. Including expenses.. 1,125 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year or less. 5532.110 17 J
re-Insurance (0 per cent — 4M.C6S 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning more than on* year, 11.125.-
424 tO; ri-'.nsuranr* pro rata 710,104 X
Grot* premiums on Marine Tim*
Risks, t ...; re-lnsuranoa U
■ per cent ... — >..... 19.177 47
Total Liabilities . — .t1.441.107
INCOME. "
N"«t Cash actcaJly recelred for Firs
premiums t1.451.00 tl
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 431.100 a
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages » t7,7<9 T!
Re-oelved for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources —- 113,511 II
Received for Rents .._„....... KTI6 11
Total meotns — M.007.H0 84
ea iji 1 > kEB.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including t - losses of pre-
vious years) tt19.951 83
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including I losses of pre-
vious years) M7.83S 21
Dividends to Stockholder* 1*3.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 151.714 08
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
char*** for officers, clerks, etc.... 118, 252 IT
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes ~ O.i:i SO
All other payments and expenditures ISI.ICB 71
Total . Expenditures ..11.10T.80~5, OB
Fire, Marine.
Losses Incnrred during
the year IttMW U 1279.175 4J
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year n50.0t5.513 tXIC2,IM 91
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year U3.059.J09 1,144.(1* M
Net nmoiint In force
December H. 13?8.... 183.M3.232 I.WVrST 17
j Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Ricks
written durlns; the
year rW3.224.578 tSIS.SIS S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year f. 100.423.454 728.143 93
Net amount In force
December 31. 1593 g.944.863 182.21} 82
~ D. J. STAPLES. President.
BERNARD FATMONVILLE. Secretary.
Subscribed and rworn to before me. this 14th
day of January. IS9O. M M RIIORER.
Deputy Insuranoe Commissioner.
' ♦ '• ' ; OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
mtw TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LO!fDOS. PAftTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
EL Paul.. Dec. 27|8t. Paul Jan. IT
New York,. -.... Jan. S New York ......Jan. 14
St. Louis Jan. 10 St. Louis Jan. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Dec 20|Noordland ......Jax 10
Westernland ...Dec. 27 Arag"n!a Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. SlFrlesland Jan. 24
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY. I
30 Montgomery at., or any of Its agencies,
i^&tvTSlßlEtfifißSl 8- B - Marlposa sail*
FiTT^tV&i&PtffiL vl » Honolulu anrl
F-7 jJvV«l£ -Auckland for B^ iafr
®~af*Hftllfll Wednesday, Dec 27,
jfibUfStL Tl » Honolulu and
IW^mmWm Auckland for Sydney
y™^___^^ WMnesday. D««. V.
Vl f£ft2Ci*s'l r \ Th« P. m. An^ralla
CylWllllJll^- Mils for Honolulu
f^y (smraw?H- We.'nesday. Jan. 10.
1900. at 1 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suss.
1 England. etc.; |ClO first class.
I. 0. Sf KECHfcLS Si BROS. CO.. Mfc, .14 Montgom«n
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freljhl Otice.327 Market Si.
KOSMOS LINE.
S. S. TANIS, 5000 TONS.
Saturday, December 23.
For .Valparaiso and Hamburg, calling at
Mexican. Central and South American ports,
etc., carrying flrst-cIMS and steerage passen-
gers. . J. D. SPRECKELB & BROS. CO.. '
. . - . Agents, 114 Montgomery street.
I Pier 7 Foot Pacific street; Freight Office,
• 227 Mark " t street. ■ I
I BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBa
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlceUo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Bat. at 1:43
a. m., 1:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri- |
i days. Ip. m. and 1:30; Sundays, 10:10 a. m., i ,
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
, Pier No. 1. Telephone Main 1508.
, FARE 800
RAILROAD TBAVEL. • V*\ ;
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S'nta Fejoute.
The fastest train, running over the bast rnfl-
t road, with th« highest class accommodation*.
I Connecting train leavso Ban Francisco at
' 1:00 p. m.
HOBDAY. WEDNESDAY. fBIDAT BATTJSDAT,
i Arriving In Chloago at 2:15 p. m. ■
t FBIDAT, SUXDIT, TTTKBDAT WEDHB3DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholst«r«d Tourist Cars leave Oakland Molt
. ' for D*nvsr, Kansas City, Chicago and the East
1:30 p. m. • .
VALLEY ROAD
i Between Stockton, - Fresno, Hanford, TissJlsv
r Tular* .and Bakersaeld, furnishes good local
l ! train ferric*.
« Ban Francisco office, (OS Market St.. talephossi
i ; Mam 1831.
5 Oakland ofQc«. 1111 Broadway.
A Sacramento office. tOl J »treet.
. I San Jose orrw. 7 West Pints Clara sfusl '
; I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
™p~ BAIXBOAD TBAVEL.
Grand Jubilee
TO BAN JOSS Via Marrow CUar*.
THX7RSBAT. DECEMBdI D.
Under to* Auspices of th« Ifrw York Soetsl
Unloa «i Santa Clara County.
DAT OF THE GRAND PAKADO.
Tickets on sale at Bryan's Oraad Hotst Dre#
Store. Kelly's Drag Star*. Market and Stock-
ton. Oucsf s Cigar Star*. Kaarcy and Cnloa
Square avenue and at the Ferry i^r^tng oa
Mornlatr of Excuntoa. L*mv« Ferry Landing
foot of Market street. 1:45 a. m. lUctxmtßg.
leave San Jose Narrow- gauge Depot Mian.
and 10 p. m.
uniiEM pacific co?rrx?rrv
1 ' - |»cmo srsTBM.)
Trmlaa l*Sf« nnU are <!■• l*> arrfvst
•A* nn.MIMO.
(Main Hn^ Foot of Market Snssi)
!.**▼•« - FaoM Drcrvßxa 13, UM. — A%Mtri
•7:04) a Bealda, 8al«un t Elsalra, Vkoftvuis,
~ ~ - Komseyaodßacranealo..., *T>43»
•7 Shasta i:xcrn»-DaT!s. willoW
Bsd Blu< Portland >Ti«3r
•7i3»a Martinet, in f!»incn. ValJeJo. •
Cmlbtoga an.l "••!?* Rnea. ....... 7 ••ilSs)
•8:3»» The OreTland Limited— OgUsa. Den-
ter, Omaha, Chirac i •••I»ss
•Bia« A San Jose, Lif.ru.ur». Ktock!-u,
lone.' Hssissiiski, Placerrlile» * j
M.r7i» . « aiooVjMlßl •*••»•
••"Mi •MHum,«>aa.!<.»n4 Hcacra....... Mil/li
•£|O»» NajrwaHs. Mir* and Way niattoos. •! I 1 1.1.
•»>OQa Da?U, WrotlUnd. Kc^tu Laadlag. I
ilarmille, urotUl<v ......... *7il3|(
••!•)•» AUaotd F.ipreas— 4>sden scd Em* *0i434
•»i«Oa Martian. Tr»ey. L*ttirnp. Htocktoa.
Merc-tlaadFreaaft »l2it3#
*>— * Port Costa. Kreiso, «n)a»* aa4 Las
ADc«le« . . . . *ot43sj
•ft— a Tallrfn. Mart'nex sx<l Way Btolloas *•: «■"» •
•lliot»» rUrwanU. Nile* aad Way Statioas. •» i3j
••»:•"< Nil's. Uverßiore, Htoextca, Baer».
ra-nto, Mesdou. UaotordTVlsall*,
PcnenUle Hi lit
fli*OrfUcranento Hirer Steamer* t*>*«i
•3iOor Hayvard*. Nl-s aad W»y Stations. •»i4ss
'■Hf MaitlaeL Ha« lUmoit, Vailejo,
Nap*. Oali«uic>, t^»uU Ilosa *9i13«
MiO«r Beotcia, V»cail,!«. harraoMoto,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
MtryiiTl:ie, Of ->«;:.- < *I«*4a«
•4iB»r Nlies.fian Joee and Stockton *?>l3»
•3lOOrTho Owl UtnlKd— Tr»CT. Fresno.
Bakenfleld, Bangs* tat tiaata Li#.
_ " bars. I • A . '% *10>434
«3t«or Bosut it»!-O liw, :.»» Or-
leacaand East «I**49a
•3iß*f Btocktoo, Merred, Fresno »iail3r
•3«30f rieiiio, llakenlie! I. KAUta IUr»«r»,
[M Angles. Ivrnlof. LI Pass,
Now Orleans and East. ... v •••434
•3il4)r OauU F. Uuiite—AtlMilio t!i;rru
for Mojate and Eat*...,, .: "iil.ir
••i««rnaTwsjrds,Kn*sss4HM Joss. •7.«"» A
♦•i»»r Vaflelo ......Maiisr
J OinorOrirnUlMali-Oaaenaoypail ... »9i50»
J7ioor Vallcjo. Tort Co*U aa4 War Sta-
tions. , ;»i33r
•••Mr Oregon and California U<pr#M.f*ao.
latnentn. Mariiillle. ItedUlng.
r<>ni»ii.i. rm»t ho.n.j >n.i r.*A *wil3a
OOAST DITIsIO^ i Narrow Oaßte).
(Foot Market Street.)
1 >Sil«AM*w»jk.i>i>trMlile.BaaJoss.relk)< ' '
Boalder i u '. a Cnn aad W»/
Buuods , "OK**)*
ftilSr MBjßjk l'i:i.teiTlU<-, Pin Jo**, Nev
Almadeo, Feltca, Boulder Creek.
fianta irui an! rrinctpal Way
fitatloos fI«X9«4
MiMf Kewarlt. K«a Jo*«, Lea Gato*. , *«i34>4
Illitar Hunters* ■mbsJob. Baa Jose and
WayKUtlors IT'S**
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrasiß FHICISCO— fill if airkit SU*«I iStl» !)—
•Tin »00 11.-00 i.ii. ii:B3 •2:53 ti>c9
•«.C3 t!:C3 •fl ; :3r.M.
rttoOUllll—Tui*ntui'tj,—'lkOQ 900 10:« li.i/,
> ti: C 3 *133 |2:C3 *3:C3 ti^C3 *3::r.w,
COAST DIVISION (Broad (tas«s).
(Thlrtl and To-rnirr.d His.)
t«ilOA Ocean Vluw, houiu Man Vnaclaco.. t ••»•!
TzOOa Km Jose and Way Hut., (New
Almadso Wadsesdaisn,,!,) *liSOa)
■ •»>O*UH»n Jos*. Trts I'lous, HadU Crin,
Taclßo ire. Paso R.oblrfl,~ Baa
/ J.u!» OUbm Bnrf. Lonpoo and
Prlaelpal Way (iUUoua „— . Mil«s
Hs:leiBinJow»i.! V.i, ilatlOM S ••!§.■»»
•lIiSOa Baa Jne« anJ War Htatloos. *3i3or
rB:«3rfl>n Mateo, Redwood. Mtnlo Park.
Palo Alto. BantA Clara. Ban '»*,
, ■ . Trca Pteos. Banta Crux. 3*JBas,
Moaterey an<l l'*rlri.- Grots.. .._ |10i34i
♦»i»S)F Han .linear I Way Rtalloos *7i3or
♦4il3rfianJoeeac ■: Principal Way PtAtfona *osl3a
43:00r .v Jo«o ar -i Triadpal Way Statlc&s lIWOOa
*3i3or BanJo«eaD>lPrtocicalWa7BUU«BS *.1;3.i4
•fl::sor San Jo«aan-1 Way stations |4iOUa
>ll;«3r San Jceo an.: Way .vutloos ....... *7iB0»
A for Morning. 1* for A/tornooa. ~~
Daily. f Hiin'lay exeepUd. t BoadAy only.
ft Saturday on y.
«lXnesdar* and Frl'tan <• ThcTsdays sad SsbbAbsb.
CALIfOENII NORTHVESTESJf IT. CO,
LEB3BB
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbsjron Furry. Foot of .<n*>rk*)t St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— t 00, 11:00 a. m. j U:JI.
JO. 5:10. 10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l&l
and li:ia p. m.
BI;nDaTS-«:0«. IM. U:00 a. ra.: I*. IJs,
1:00. «:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:I9. 7:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m. : 13:43.
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips) ai
1:65 and 1:13 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:19, » 40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:49. 3:41. tm,
C:XS D. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetiea Parti
same schedule as above.
Leav* Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. In I Effect Bbb ri sniilaos)
October 13. — — _.
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- We«k
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:10 am 1:00 am Norato. 10:40 am 1:40 am
1:10 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 406 pra 19:3S ana
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7.16 pm 1:23 pia
Fulton. '
7:39 am Windsor. U.>m
BsllMMt
Lytton.
OeyservllK
1:10 pro 3:00 am Cloverdala. 7:33 pm Dtpii
1:10 am Hop! and and
140 am Uklah. 7:13 pm (33 pa
1:10 am 13:11 mm
1:00 am OnernenUe. 7:33 pm
•:10 pm 133 pa
7JO am SAO am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 mm
and
1:19 pm (Mptn Glen Ellen. «:0» pra Iflm
710 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 19:S>ao»
3:30 pm 8:00 pm 7:13 pm (:1I pmi
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«at
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyscrvltl* for Skagg*)
Pprintr*: at Clcverdale for th« Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyVille. Carlsbad spaing*. P<xla Bay. Lak»~
port and Bartlett Springs; at L'klah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Fprtngs. }t!ue Lake*. Uar-I
Pell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. I'orno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. «UTem!d«. I.ltrW*.
Bucknell's. Sanhediin Heights. IlullrtUe. Orr"«
Hot Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. WUUtts. Laytonvtile. Cum-
rnlnrs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
£cctla ml Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rcund trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Bunday round trip tickets to all pctaia
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flees. (50 Market at . Chronic!* bide.
H. C WHITINO. R. X. RTAJ»T^
Oeneral Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agent.
KORfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via ■■■sjllti Parry.
Commenctns: October 1. ink
TROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MTLHTTAAtB*
AND BAN RAFAEU "1
WEEK DATS— «7.OO. "Slo. U:CO a. nvi n-4jL
•3:40. s:li. 6 00. «.»0 p. m. '^
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley %od San Pa
*a»l. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
DAYS— •B:OO. »10:00. 11 M a. m.; la*
1:13. *<«. «:30. »:» p. in
Trains marked (*) run to "an QoandaV
TT.' M BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCTBCOL
WEEK DAYB-«:» t •**. IM. »1.40 aToTi
•13:30. 1:15, 1:40. «S:li p. m. *
EXTRA TRU'S on Monday*. VP^dnesdaja ao4
Saturdays at 1:40 and 19:15 p. pa.
EUNDATS— •:». »»:00. *lb*ST mm a. m.l
•1:40. »3:15, 4:46, »(:30 p. m. '
Trains marked •> fart from San Qoeatlo.
TROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCX3COL
WEEK DATft-J 41. «:45. 38. 1:43 a. mTa
Usi. 3:3J,- 3:43, S » p. m. *
EXTRA TP.IPb on Mondays. Wednesday* aa4
Saturdays at 7:"0 and 10 30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— «:CS. 10:8» a. m. ; 114 a, 1:1S, Ija
I i^O. 4:46 p. m ~
THROUOH TRAINaL
7 ."CO a. m. week days— CaiaJtro and statleos^,
1:49 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way station**'
l:C0 a. m. Buodays— Tomales a&4 waj statins*,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Lear* San Francisco rta Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— 9:39 a. m. an 1 1:43 p. m.
Sunday*.. 1:00. 10 00 a. tn. and 1:15 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fare.. San Francisco to Summit aad Hetursv
31 40.
/^V Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
/ r^<rv;Ta ♦»-•" UHtHWST. Eataollahed
p"r > In I H3» for the treatment ol I'rtvata
a Dr. (i i bbon's Dispensary,
»»'J.~ HEARSTkT. Estabnahed
In I«A4 Im tbe treatment of Privata
Dtssasea, Lost ManbootL Dxblllty or
tsTSiV-isVa disease. «?#arlnc on boo ml n<l ami
OWvAj? skin Irises***. I hndoclorruraawban
rvVTM^; •■tlirrsf.ill. Try him. Charges low.
nTJTnifllKil «'aire>esiBiaraa»a»^l. CaJlorwrtlA.
| J»r. J. *'. oICBQN, Bex 1037, 5aa
1314
DEFAULTED AND DESERTED
BECAUSE OF A SOUBRETTE
Private Albert Polk Ran the
Pace Along the Line,
He Met an Expensive Lady in Iza
Miller, and Robbed the Presidio
Telegraph Office for Funds,
THE tenderloin has claimed another
victim, this time from among the
soldier* at the Presidio. Albert
p-.lk. who %\as chief operator in the
j...Hj ...H telegraph office, has found that wine
it, not the only danger alor.R the line, and
as a result he Is a deserter from the army
and a defaulter. The little money that
j'.-ij-pfd through his hands we A out slower
Than H canie In. and linally It stopped
iitppether ajid ht» trpt-nl tho proceedl of
the oti\ce. or. a t*oubrott«* fnnn the Tha
!la.
to the
■
■
■
I
-
■
■
xill in
In all. Pclk's shortage is close to $200.
The funds fiom the office are collected
from the oflle<rs and men of the post and
th«lr families, for the sending of tele
grams unofficial in character. The revenue
ik not ■ particularly large one, but it fre
quently reacheh over $lw a month, and
while tho camps wore full of soldiers it
cft^n went lar above that rum, and It was
during that time Polk went wrong.
■
■
■
■
■
REPAVEMENT OF STREETS.
Merchants Striving for a Better Sy--
tern in Business Blocks.
■
■
■
»
■
i
This gradual and uniform method of re
paying the dilapidated blocks <>f this city
made it unnecessary to include provision
for effecting the work by bond issues, it
will be j»L»sßible to secure a sufficient
amount from the ordinary annual income
of the city to accomplish this purpose and
the board of dlrr-otnm of the Merchants'
Association will shortly petition the city
Authorities to adopt this plan of proced
ure.
Handsome Christinas Presents.
Tho Tah*T-Prnnjc and HargreaveJl art
panels, water colors in gold frames, pas
tels, colored photograph* and etchings
exhibited by Faiiboni. Vail & Co. make
most desirable. jn.>d<'ra«p-j>rtced Christ
mas presents. TIK-ir banquet lamps, onyx
taJblf'S and statuary are alfo the very be.^t
In style and prlo s ' •
IARO CASES DISMISSED.
Complaints Defective aud the Oroi-
nance Inconsistent With the
State Law.
After numerous <:■•!«>• the pa.««» of the
faro players arrested by Captain Witt
man and posse in Joe Harvey's resort, 143
Mason street, were disposed of yesterday
»iy Judge Oonlan. who on motion of Pros
ecuting Attorney Low dismissed them.
The defendants. A. M. Hamilton. Ed
ward Brooks. L*»l>. Johnson. A. 1* Drown
»md William Dormer, were charged with
vi*itlng a gambling house. Through a '
mistake the complalnto in the printed
form were made to read "for tho practice
of gambling" Instead of "for the purpose
ri{ gambling" and the motion was mode
for dlMnlswU on the ground oX the defect;
also on the ground that the ordinance
under which the arrests were made was
Inconsistent with the State law. which
<!<>*« not make it an offense for any one
to visit a gambling houte.
Whrn the cases were lied again yes- I
terday the Prosecuting Attorney moved
for their dismissal, as h<» said the objec
tions of the {<ttornoys f»r the defendants
w«T*> well tnk'-n and Hi* Judge so ordered.
SO Per Cent Sr.v*d.
Piarrcndß have advanced eighty p*>r
cent, yet Colonel Andrews of the Diamond
Ptilace. 221 Montgomery street, is Mill sell-
Ing the chnicf-si perns at tho sar^e prices
that obtained before the advanoe. Opon
evenings. •
MALPRACTICE ALLEGED.
Coroner Hill Investigating the Death
of William McGau.ffh.ran.
Charles Mc<;.-v . I has asked Coroner
Hill to lnx'cstlgatc tho death of hi* broth
er, William MrOaughran. who died ien
days ngo in the French Hospital.
MHiaughran was treated for a slmp'o
disease at Waller's drugstore, nt tho
rornrr of Seventh and Minna streets, but
his condition Iwcamc i«o alarming that ho
was takr-n to the French Hospital. «hi r.
ho was treated by Dr. Dudley Tall
i'harlrn MHJauphran said that Dr. Tali
told him thru th« practitioner at the
drugstore, hail not attended to tho case
T>r<'i*rly. Dr. Ta!t nign«'d the death cer
tificate, sotting forth that death wan
caused by Llood poisoning, brought about
In- gangrene.
t*oron*T IHII ha» started an investigation
of the affair, and will rail upon Dr. TaJt
to-day to explain why he Issued a death
<rrtlf!cate certifying to natural cauncs
when he thought that the death had be«»n
Jr.. tight about by malpractice.
Dr. P»rk^r» Couch Cur*. One flow Trill »top
a coog h. Never fall*. Try it. All <Srurd»U.
They frequently put up at the Royal
and at the Tavern and he was more
n<i i visitor at her own
lit tie affa .<■ was
at thr • en o f
" forked with him in tb<
y was
\\&* last at the office on the after
■ nber 6. When be araa
■ old a
:he city t
-.<'d In
■
absence r. .
..r at roll call!
rurlough, - •
•
Just before his disappearance Polk WHS
t:p before the signal otticer to be ques
tioned an to the whereabouts of the of
fice receipts for September and Novem
ber, twn months when the Presidio was
i well filled with troops. Polk said he had
not made the accounts up owing to press
of business and to somo complications,
but ho would do 50 at once, or nt least
within two days. His next move was to
Flip «juiotly away and drop out of sight.
Iza Miller is the wif> of Junie McCree,
On actor and playwright w ho Is well
knovn out hero. Hi is now in New York
with Weber and Fields.
OGDEN HAS CREATED PANIC
AMONG HUSBANDS AND WIVES
The Judge's Decision That Men Who Stay Out Late Do Not
Have to Explain to Their Better Halves Is Met With the
Womanly Retort That What Is Sauce for the
Goose Is Sauce for the Gander.
c^tp RE you married or do you live
II \\ in Oakland?"
if '^ Once on a DM that was one
way of asking: a pnor devil
whether he was a man or a mou??.
It was meant to Insinuate! that the
Oakland htlbbjr did not wear the pa
trousers. It was
Intended to con
vey the Impres
sion that he ob
served the 8
o'clock ordinance
so religiously
that he went to
roost with the
chickens and
rose with the
batter for the
morning pan
cakes. It con
tained the In
nuendo that he
was a doormat at
the mercy of his
duly wedded rib.
In a few words.
It was the San
Francisco mar
ried man's way
of indicating con
tempt for hl3
Oakland brother
and making him
feel small potatoes and few In the
hill.
"Are you married or do you live in
Oakland?"
Day In and day out th« question
•was dinned into the ears of the man
from across the bay. And at night
when lie happened to remain on this
side for the comic opera, low-down low
comedians flung It at him from tho
stage, and whole audiences rose up
and pointed at him as a mark.
The Oakland man felt duly humbled.
Long struggling with the mysteries of
the ferry commutation system hail
taken the rtnrch out of his once proud
spirit, so that once on this side of the
bay. the fear that he might, on the re
turn trip, tread on a railroad corn,
kept him from asserting himself and
defying his detractors. After a time ho
even became cunning and laughed at
the men that put the question:
"Are you married, or do you live In
Oakland?"
He hoped, poor man. to Ella Wheeler
Wilcox the tide of derlelon, but he
hoped in vain. The
San F r a n c 1 s co
married man and
his friend, the low
comedian, w o vld
not desist. Fate
only could save
the Oakland man.
How? When? It
seemed as If th»*se
questions would
never be answered.
Prayers to heaven,
curses deep, all
were of no avail.
The spirit of the
Oaklandcr, crush
ed by commuta
tion, was pulver
ized by insinua
tion. Ills outlook
wan never darker
than at the begin
ning of this holi
day week. Now, It
was never bright
er. The reason is
plain. No longer do*s the San Fran
cisco man jeer and ask, "Are you mar
ried, or do you live In Oakland?" He
asks:
"Are you married and do you live in
Oakland?" N
And should you answer in the affirm
ative, ten chances to one he will fall
on your neck iiKe a brother and begin
getting pointers from you on house
rents in that beautiful city.
"Are you married and do you live In
Oakland?"
If you do, you are th* salt of the
turth, from the Pan Francisco man's
f view. You are the whole
tliitiß h:.<l hr'v :. lotataT. All. t
■ of • ' little word "and."
n thank Judpe Frank • >Kden for
that, you lucky < >akland HKITfOd Ma
It" a little word, but it mean* vol
umes You can't lut^e it. if you try,
■I'll hardly try.
By th« way. you must thank one
Edward C. DaiU-y, one of your fellow
townsmen, for that— and his wife.
As you probably read in yesterday's
LITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1899.
DEAL IN CANNERIES
CAUSING A FLURRY
A PBIVATE DISPATCH RENEWS
DISCUSSION.
Beports on the Street That an Agree
ment Has Been Finally Beached
at New York.
Parties Interested In California canner
ies were stirred up yesterday by the news
thai a private dispatch had been received
from New York r^tifirming the rumor
Prank S. Johnson had concluded, a
deal fv>r the consolidation of three can-
OUtstda of the combine. TI ■ -
the California Canneries Company.
Limited, the Golden Gate Cannery and
I of Code-Port wood.
This news differed materially from that
received some days ago. Then J< I
*\as reported \r> have disposed of
amounting to $700,000 In a new corpora,
tion. intended to absorb the three con
cern? namrni. the sale of the stock being
conditioned upon the acceptance of the
price for the canneries that the Eastern
people were willing: to pay. The later
rumor is that the deal is absolute.
The same denials are met with on Cali
fornia street that were heard a week ago.
Still it appears that all the parties con
r<-rned believe more firmly in the deal
than before. Johnson had options on two
canneries, so the story goes, before he de-
I for the Bast Concerning the third
concern there are conflicting stories and
the truth is hard to reach.
In th»- present combine twenty-two can
■ absorbed. In that quarter the
is manifested, as the
new combination would bring in some
Mror.K opposition. Johnson, in addition
airing to be a sell 'i« agent in the
for the three concerns, concerning
which the stories are afloat, is represent
ba looking for a direct European
connection. Tin? woali be favor©
the merchants who have taken a linai'cial
Interest in the deal in progress.
A business man. who has excellent op
portunities to know the k> n.-rai situation
■ . the canning Interest, predicted
that If it fhmild be- tru«- that Johnson
hart made his deal, there would soon be
more canneries in the State than there
ar>- now. which Is a matter of coi
\- •• •fl ~ <t the Johnson-Locke
; any. where th<- most ar
curate Information In th* ciiy has been
ibsolute reticence is maintain
■i he learned there is that
Mr. Johnson will probably bo bark In
this City next v
Mrs. Dalloy. who had brought
suit for divorce,
took tho proiini
th.it she w
titled to It by
nf the fart
that her hushar.J.
las a drum
mer for a rubber
house, would not
r<~arh the bnnnm of
his family till a
late hour o" nights.
1, Who
v.if trying the
case, decided that,
while the fart was
established, it was
not sufficient
ground for divorce.
"When a man
Stays away Crom
home until a late
hour." said Judge
Ogden, In deliver
ing his opinion,
"that is one of the
burdens which the
wife has to bes \
Nor can the wife
compel the husband, under such cir
; nces, to give an account of hl9
■ ii where he hns boen."
r the once-despised Oa in
lander :.- the whole thing now. Just
think of his status under that de
rision. Not only ran he stay out late
at night withom losing Ms helpme-t.
hut be— note th : s carefully— but he
doesn't have to give an account of his
actions or, mark this, tell where he
has been. In other words he is lord
and master and doesn't have to tell
the old familiar lies about the lodge,
and the Pick friend with whom he sat
up. or go into details about missing
the last boat and catching a news
paper tug. All he needs Is a pocket
full of keyholes and some self-pos
session.
They will pull him through. they and
the decision, and the next morning he
ran commute over to this side and
ploat over the trouble the San Fran
cisco man has squaring hlm«elf for
the conjugal fictions of which he was
the author the night before. Illah
bismlllah! The Oaklander is great
nnd Ogden Is his prophet, and, like all
prophets, is not with ail honor In his
own country. Al
ready the voice
of protest has
been raised about
his ears. It is a
Mill, pinall female
voice just at pres
ent, but It's grow
ing in volume
every hour and
will soon be &
storm about his
judicial ears. It
Is the voice of
the Oakland mar
ried woman, and
already It con
tains a threat.
"What is sauce
for the goose," it
pays, "ought to
be sauce for th«
pander. If a mar
ried man can
Ftay out nights
without making
explanations to
his w.Hf« ti->i»
cannot the- wife
stay out nights without making expla
nations to her husband?"
And that's a question, when you
consider there's not a sphinx this side
of Egypt. •
"I am surprised." said Mrs. Sarah
Borland, president of the Oakland
Central Political Equality Club. "I urn
surprised that Judge Ogden should
givo such a decision, because the
Judge is a great friend of the home
and Is so much devoted to his own
family and home. I suppose, however,
that it is the law. But if It is. why
would it not do as well for tho woman
as for the man? What is good for the
gander ought to be good for the goose.
"When one looks closely into tho
matter, could the act of tne husband
really be called cruelty? Of course. It
did not tend to the pear© of mind or
contentment of the wife. Such con
duct, it seems to m«, would cause a
wife to feel that she did not have the
place in her husband's affections or
that she was not worthy of the re
spect to which she thought she was
entitled. I am inclined to think that
GOLD BRICKS GIVEN BY
GAGE TO MINING MEN
Dismay Caused by a Joker in the
General Appropriation Bill.
Adorable Walter 8, Maxwell of Los Angeles
Is on the Governor's Slate to Succeed
State Mineralogist A, S. Cooper.
STEPHEN ML BOWERS, editor of
the California Voice of Lalot.
Los Angeles, and W. L. Watts.
peologist, who were recently ap
p tinted by Governor Gage to ex
amine mineral lands, should have tak-n
out a policy in the Gold Brick Insurance
Company. Limited. They were appointed
to office on the strength of a "little
foker" In the peneral appropriation hill.
and cannot legally receive compensation
for their s'-rvi, . Btate'a Min
.•ralopipt appoints them officers of the
State Mining Bureau.
The crafty schemes, the cunning dodges
and the line work to get control of the
State Mining Bureau throughout various
regimes constitute an interesting chapter.
For many years William Irelan. sus
tained by George Hearst, the able and
us miner, had free rein in the
management of the bureau. During Gov
ernor Budd'a administration the ad
mirers of asphalt, among them F. 8.
. T. R. Bishop and W. ft Crocker,
rallied around A. S. Cooper and si cur^d
Mis appointment as State Mineralogist.
!t is claimed that Mr. c<.oper in his leal
:not* the development of asphalnnn
beds failed to give gold and silver ledges
the generius recognition bestowed by his
It would not be improper for a hus
band tO confide in his wife to such a
degree as to tell her what has de
tained him away from home, not for
the purpose of satisfying her that he
has not been where he ought not to
have been, but for the sake of show
ing her that he holds her in his respect
and esteem. Of course, I do not think
a man ought to be nagged. I do not
think he ought to be expected to give
up all things done by his lodge or to
reveal all the details of his business.
I would not ask him to do that, but
he ought, in reality, to do something of
that kind for propriety's sake. It
would be only what he would expect
from his wife.
"Suppose a wife should leave her
home nightly and come back at will
or allow herself to be detained away
from home, and suppose her husband
was compelled to await her coming
and then receive no explanation of her
delay, the husband would feel an
noyed, and rightly so, too.
"The effect of this decision will be
felt especially by the wives of hus-
hands prone to
that kind of
treatment, and I
do not know how
it can be pre
vented. For wo
men to retaliate
would not l.r :i»1
visable. Neither
would retaliation
be pleapßnt to
tnoße whose hup
bßnds, by this
kind of treat
ment. Bhow a
lack of the kind
liness, love and
res pe c t which
hhould exist t* -
tween h a s band
and wife."
Mrs. X I
tIR, prominent In
the equal «uf-
Crasjc movemr-tit
!n Oakland, voic
ed similar views.
"As I read
Judge Ogden's decision," she said, "I
could not help thinking that If a wo
man has no local redress for such ac
tion on the part of her husband per
haps the best thing for her to do
would be to treat him In like fashion.
I hardly know whether that would do
to lay down as a rule to go by In such
cases, for so much depends on Individ
ual circumstances, but that was the
thought that occurred to me at the
moment. If such a man was to find
that his wife was still out when he
returned home, and that this contin
ued night after night, I think perhaps
he would look at things in a differ
ent way.
"It seems to me Judge OgtJen has
taken a grave responsibility in giving
a decision which will certainly encour
age bad husbands In their evil ways
and which Is almost certain In this
case to lead to divorce In the end.
"For a man to stay out night after
night for months is certainly a viola
tion of the marriage contract, though
It may not be sufficient cause for di
vorce In this State: at least Judge, Og
den does not seem to think so. In
these cases, however, a wife often
knows more than she wishes to make
public, for the publicity of such a
thing is a dreadful thing for a wo
man.
"Judge Ogden may be right, but I can
not help wondering what he would do
were he to try the shoe on the other
foot; that is, if the complainant was a
man whose wife persisted in staying
out night after night and refused to
give any explanation of her conduct,
but shook htm when he cried about It
and told him not to be silly, but to go
to.bed.
"I wonder, if such a case were to
come, up, what Judge Ogdon would
say?"
Decidedly, the decision opens up a
wide question, so wide that its influ
ence may be felt all over the State, if
Judge Ogden has enunciated good law
for Oakland it is good law from Sls
klyou to San Diego, in all the towns
and cities of California, including San
Francisco, and— lt may work both
ways.
However, until It gets to the Su
premo Court or is decided in other
count by Judges of co-ordinate pow
ers with Judge O^den. Oakland will be
i" 6 , n»ecca for the b f hoys in th.> mar
ried division and house rents should
advance accordingly. "
predecessors, Messrs. Irelan and Craw
ford. It is further asserted that Mr.
Cooper went so far as to refer contemptu
ously If not disrespectfully to the Mother
Lode by asking if the Father Lode and
Sister Lode should not receive some no
t'cefrom the State authorities,
hen the Legislature convened last
W iL nt ?r? r some persons behind the scenes de
cided to punish Cooper for contempt. A
Plan to take appointments out of his
nands and if. direct the expenditure of the
bureau s appropriation was adopted. The
promoters of the punishment scheme
were not familiar with the provisions of
the constitution, hence their plans have
come to grief. The persons bent on pet
ting even with Cooper had the following
provision inserted in the general appro
priation measure:
For support of Ftate Mining Bureau. In
cluding salaries. 150.000; provided that 120.
000 of said sum i"hall be expended In mak
ing a practical and scientific examination of
the mother lode, and other mineral districts
In California, Including the oil districts,
and preparing a brief and accurate history
of i>uch districts and the development, pro
duct, resources, methods of working and
future possibilities of the mining and oil
Industries In California. Such examinations
to be made by competent experts experi
ence.] In California mining, and assistants,
an of whom shall be appointed and their
compensation fixed by the Governor.
The rhaiririin of the Senate Finance
committee. General IMckinson. perhivps
I. lot1 ot kr;ow t»at the constitution >>t
this Stare (section 24. article IV) con
tained the following:
"Every act shall embrace but one
subject, which subject shall be ex
pressed in its title. But if any sub
ject shall be embraced in an act
which 6hall not be expressed in its
title, such act shall be void only as to
so much thereof as shall not be ex
pressed in its title."
There is nothing In the title of the gen
eral appropriation bill pertaining to the
scientific examination of mineral dis
tricts, oil regions, and the "future possi
bilities" of development. There is noth
ing in the title relating to the appoint
ment of experts and the fixing of their
compensation by the Governor, hence the
whole provision is void. The bill contains
this pimple title: "An act making appro
priation for the support of the govern
ment of the State of California for the
ilfty-first and fifty-second fiscal yean "
General Dickinson is not wholly to
blame in the matter. The blame rather
rests on Lieutenant Governor Neff. who
appointed ■ soldier Instead of a states
man to the responsible position of chair
man of the Senate Finance Committee.
If this constitutional Inhibition had been
in the articles of war the general, doubt
less, would have observed it.
In the Assembly affairs were not much
better. The Speaker, in making up his
committee, put 1.. H. Valentine, a Los
Angeles statesman, instead of a common,
every-day, constitutional lawyer, at the
head of the Ways and Means Committee.
The bill, with its unconstitutional little
joker, ran the gauntlet of both commit
tees and both houses of the Legislature
nnd reached the Governor's office, where
ignorance of the constitution is real bliss.
Governor Gage approved the bill and in
due time appointed the experts. Bowers
and Watts.
Along in the spring or early summer
somebody told the Governor that the
"joker" was. too thin, hut that didn't Jar
his Excellency. He went right ahead and
recognized Bowers and Watts. Mineralo
gist Cooper cared not a fig for the lev
overlook, because Tom Bishop, who knew
that the State had a constitution, told
him that the Joker wouldn't go. Attorney-
ner.:l Tin L. Ford was also advised
that the "volume of legislation" in the
appropriation hill was void.
In the course of events somebody must
have told Gage that gold bricks had been
passed to Rowers and Watts, becaiuse a
meeting of the trustees of the Mining Bu
l reau was called at T. R. Bishop's office,
and it was arranged that Mineralogist
Cooper and Governor • Gage should be
there. At this session Cooper was asked
to ratify the appointments made by the
Governor, but the Mineralogist refused to
ratify, hence the character of the meeting
took the form of Indignation rather than
of ratification. Cooper stands now where
he stood when the Joker was born. Gage's
plight Is no better than it was when he
signed the bill.
Cooper is serene but firm. He knows
that Attorney General Ford nnd State
Controller Colgan are well posted on the
proposition anc cannot open the treasury
to Bowers and Watts. Cooper also knows
that his own days are numbered. He is
advised that the adorable Walter R. Max
well of Los Angeles has been slated to
succeed him as State Mineralogist. In ap
pointing Mr. Maxwell the Governor ex
pects to recognize personal beauty nnd
make a concession to polite society. Mr.
Maxwell possesses all the qualifications
necessary for drawing a salary and spend
ing it In legitimate and refined channels.
The Governor Is sure that his friend Wal
ter will never speak of the Mother Lode
In terms other than those of profound re
spect and reverence.
HE WAS FRANK PARKER.
Park Suicide Identified a« a Machin-
Ist From San Jose.
Pollcerrmn Fortann called at the Morgue
yesterday and identified the body of the
man found dead near the Affiliated Col
leges last Monday as Frank Parker. Laat
Thursday Parker came to Fontana and
requested that the officer lock him up in
the City Prison until he should recover
from the effeetF of a spree. The man
appeared to be very nervous and verging
upon delirium tremens. He gave his name
to the officer a* Frank Parker, and said
that he came from San Jose to this elf
It Is believed that the deceased is "the
same Parker who left his wife and chil
dren in San Jose a short time ago and
camp to this city to look for work. He
CT Worth of Comfort?
a V/i/ Yes, twice $6.75
X^y=— worth in these easy
== chairs.
O«« EVEfffJVCS.
Get one of these Chairs and fiE '^H y*i^v
you are comfortable and satisfied T*^< m^J£ > '"j I*l
for the rest of your life. j:^ •*,-^V^*«V^/ AlSjft
We know of nothing that will V-^?^ *«i*«Jf \V, 1
be more acceptable to a man. *_ *J""^*' .' ■*-,' i )
It's one of our famous South- If/* v l^^« M' V *V
of-Market-Street values. Any- ; \y *gg*M%ff m I
where else the price would be J \*/W' *l 1 il'i^il '11 V \
?12.00. ' t Mf \ W \l
CARPETS. TOO.
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE CO.
•- 750 MISSION STREET, S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ -,^^.
SPECIALS
FOR THE
HOLIDAYS.
NOVELTY BLACK FRENCH SILK CREPON DRESS PAT-
TERNS/ $15.00 to $30.00 each
BLACK SILK DRESS PATTERNS, all the newest weaves,
$20.00 to $50.00 pattern
NOVELTY SILK AND WOOL COLORED CREPON DRESS
PATTERNS, $12.50 to $27.50 each
NOVELTY SILK WAIST PATTERNS, all new colorings
and Styles, $2.50 to $5.00 pattern
FANCY PLAIDS, In Boucle, Camels' Hair anl Cheviot
effects, skirt lengths, §5.00 to $10.00 each
PLAIN AND POLKA DOT SILK STRIPED CHALLIES,
new styles, 85c yard
GOLF CLOAKINGS, In Browns, Greens, Navy and
fancles « $1.75 to $3.50 yard
BATTENBERG LACE CURTAINS, BED SETS, TABLE
COVERS, SCARFS, SQUARES AND TIDIES.
LINEN DAMASK TABLE SETS, Cloth and Napkins to
mateh ' From $6.00 to $50.00 set
FRENCH PRINTED FLANNELS, In new colorings and
handsome designs, . 60c and 75c yard
SPECIAL.
400 NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS, In DOth colors and
mack, all new and exclusive styles and very suit-
able for holiday gifts.
Prices $3.00 to $12.50 dress pattern
—^^—
— — — . — _ #
STOKE ope» bvbninos UNTIL CHKISTMAS
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
§1 1 CHRISTMAS GIFTS
%f ARTISTIC CALENDARS
V^l WEDGEWOOD WARE *
M VIENNA NOVELTIES
STYLISH CORRESPONDENCE PAPERS
ijjjT FINE LEATHER GOODS
1 C DC\CK F D'Q 227229P05t5t
•J£ Vyl\VrVyl\Li\»3 215.219 BUSH ST
V^p OPEN EVENINGS, commencing December 18
was a machinist, and up to a week ago
roomed at SO3 Golden Gate avenue.
Best place to |t*t your Klove orders Is at the
Factory. 121 Grant aye. I'.inirh'-fT and Fedora- •
Girl Bicyclist Injured.
Miss Bell* Roby, IS years of nsre, while
rldlnj? ■ bicycle along Steln^r street yes
terday afternoon accidentally struck the
hind whrel of a delivery wagon at the
corner of Post street and was thrown to
the ground. She was rendered uncon
scious and was taken to her home, "J29
Oak street, in an ambulance. It vraf
thought that she was suffering from con
cussion of the brain.
Death of L. O. Lauder.
Louis O. Lander, a nr-mbrr of the firm
of Lauder Bros.. In the hay and grain
business In this city for thirty years. died
yesterday at the Lane Hospital, as the
result of a fall received in hlt> barn three
months r.go. Mr. LaadW was :a y.ais
old and unmarried. He wan a native of
Vermont, and besides his brother. Silas
Lauder, he leaves an aped mother.
Early Visit From Santa Claus.
The children of the day homes under
the charge of the 81sters of the Holy
Family held their Christmas tree festival
yesterday afternoon at Native Sons* Hal!
The hall was crowded with the little folks,
and the relatives and friends and all en
tered Into the spirit of the occasion and
had a Jolly time.
MS FURS!
Sealskin Jackets. . .$125, $150, $225
Genuine Mink Capes. .s4sand up
Neck Scarfs . . . .$2 and up
Collarettes $5 and up
Electric Seal Capes, with As-
trakan yokes or plain. slo and up
River and Russian Mink Capes
$15 and up
Fox Boas and Scarfs. .$1) and up
ALBERT HOEFLICH,
116 GRANT AYE.
OPEN EVENINGS.
ComeJusttoLook
Beautiful
Chlnawnro
Crocker?
Claiinrnre
Lamp»
Ornament*
NoTflMr'
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES.
Come Just to Look.
Great American ImDortinn Tea Co.
Central 110-911 Grant aye..
Stores : Bet. Sutler and Poststs.
861 Market St., opp. Powell
62 Market St., foot California
Branch Stores livery where.