VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 76.
MORE THRILLING GROWS
GREAT DREYFUS DRAMA
MERCER'S CHARGE OF
BRIBERY TO AID DREYFUS
Statements of the Discredited General May Cause
the Court-Martial to Be Lost to View and
Create Diplomatic Difficulties.
PARIS. Aup. 14.— 1t looks as though
Dreyfus were In danger of being
lost to view in the Incidents created
by General Mercier's evidence on Satr
urday before the court-martial at
Rennes. Perhaps It would be more
correct to say Mereier's speech, for he
produced but little of anything' ex
cept hearsay twaddle, which one would
be ashamed to have dismissed a ser
vant upon. He harps on Captain Le
brun-Renaud's apocryphal declaration
that Dreyfus admitted hip guilt, as
though the Court of Cassation had not
pricked that bubble. After all. why
should Dreyfus confess?
What, indeed, was the use o-f a con
fession when as many proofs as were
necessary could be forced as fa.st as
they were required? Another detail
of General Mereier's lecture which
seems likely to give him as much
.trouble as he can handle is the state
that M. de Freycinet told General
Jamont, who told Mercier. that England
and Germany alone had subscribed
thirty-five millions to buy off Dreyfus.
The great thing: about all the witnesses
In this too infamous affair is that every
one of them tells about what some one
told a friend <>f his that he had
heard from some myterious personage,
whom it would provoke a foreign war
to even name. In the preseni
ly, the matter of thirty-five mil
lions. M. de Freycinet is for a wonder
.given as the source of the declaration,
has been called to appear, though
the affair, even if true, hap to do
with the guilt or innocence of Dreyfus
is hard to fay. If a hundred millions
have been subscribed by the lovers of
Justice and humanity to defend Dreyfus
it will only prove that there Is rather
philanthropy in the world than ,
• are inclined to believe, but it j
certainly convince any man)
with a grain of common sense that ■
Dreyfus ha? written the fncrirniriating
document which Esterhazy admits he
wrote. The only importance attaching
to the thirty-five million idiocy is that
it was uttered by General Mercier, not
■ 3i me journalistic sensation monger.
M. .-Comely devotes his article in the
Figaro to-day to this matter. He is
naturally indignant about the accusa
tion that some nightmarish syndi
has bought the service of all revision
[ pose " h- says, "that the journals
: to declare that for a long time
the Ministers of War had put
secret service funds ;n their own pock
■s. it would be unjust, calumnious,
rous. But not more unjust, cal
umnious, nor more monstrous than
i] . Mercier'd accusation that
thirty-five millions had I ee,n collected
«land ami Germany to buy Drey
fus' acquittal. For this would amount
to an attempt to dishonor all those who
have fougr t for the triumph of truth.
This accusation does not date from
rday. \vi --n it is made by a
" -sional journalistic libeler and
leref it. may be disdained. Conso
found in the thought that
the inventor attributed his own venality
to ethers. But when it is a former Min
a gen'-ral of division, an import
ant dignitary of the Legion of Honor,
who makes himself responsible for the
stupidity, when he fathers if upon M.
de Freycinet and General Jamont, who,
1 am sure, he calumniates, the matter
must be thoroughly ovt by the
defense. It is necessary that M. de
Freycinet and General Jamont ho called
to Rennes to say where they secured
thp information they supplied to Gen
eral Mercior. Let some lipht be thrown
for once upon this syndicate."
M. ("lemenceau also wipes the floor
with Mercier this morning in reference
to the same point.
"Mercier," says, "renders us a ser
vice- by putting us upon the track of
this Anglo-German syndicate. We have
a right to know the truth. We must
PARIS PAPERS NOW
PREDICT CIVIL WAR
q PARIS, Au?. 14.— The Paris papers, without distinction, express in- q
o donation at the outrage of which M. Labori is the victim. The Temps q
*1 deplores the "state of disorder into which the Dreyfus affair has ft
® dragged the country." «' lfl says: "It is high time for us to stand up and
O be ourselves a.gain." • ®
O ntinulng its review of the situation, the Temps observes: "M. O
O Caslmlr-Perler testified to his wishes for a reconciliation, and we now see O
O h"\v far from it we are. Perhaps this pistol-shot marks the culmination ©
q of the crisis and will restore US to the path of good sense." Q
-* The Liherte, which holds the Government responsible, as the q
"apostle of anarchy that has existed for the last two years and that has q
® sown broadcast the seeds of civil war," says: "The outrage is only an Q
© incident in the era of catastrophes toward which the country is rush- j
O The Journal dcs Deba'ts says: "The revolver shot is bound to be the O
O end, and one fine morning if will be Hosely followed by the horrors of Q
O civil war. if violence, hate, contempt for justice and law, and all the fa- ©
q natical, anarchistic and homicidal persona continue to poison the air' q
o we breathe." q
tf The I^ibre Parote. which attacks the Government, says: "To-day Q
we have only assassins. To-morrow it will be civil war." *f
® The Figaro says: "In all the iong series of crimes on the pages of w
© our history this is the first time when assassination has struck down an ©
O advocate, and that, too, at the very hour when helping to plead in de- ©
© fense of his client to establish truth and to confound accusers." O
O The Moniteur Universal attributes the affair to the excitement Q
q caused by the Government's efforts to save Dreyfus, and to "the ar- q
o l.itrary acts that have been committed In the absence of the Chamber q
of Deputies." q
qoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
The San Francisco Call.
I ♦ ♦ +> ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦
l + PARIS, Aug. 14.— +
"*" Maitre Demange tells the ♦
; X Petit B lru that the deposi- ♦
' ♦ //on of General Merrier will +
' * greatly aid in the argument >
♦ of the Dreyfus case. Ac- "*■
;i + cording to Demange, when +
1 "*■ Captain Dreyfus returned ■♦
: 4. to his prison Saturday- he *
4- said: "How could Iso far +
**" forget the distance separat- "♦
, +. ing a general and a captain +
1 4- But it was too strong for ♦
♦ me. I was unabl-e to re- *
4. strain myself." 4
1 4- • M. Demange adds that ♦
"*■ Dreyfus is as sure of him- +
; + self as ever. *
♦ ' The Archbishop of Rennes ♦-,!
♦ has forbidden the customary +
religious processions 7 lies'- _ "*"
♦• da x in honor of the [east of +
♦ the Assumption, and .urges ♦
♦ Catholics to maintain the *
. ♦ greatest calm while the ♦
"♦" Dreyfus court-martial lasts. ♦
♦ ♦
♦ ♦ + ♦♦-♦-♦■♦■■♦• + ♦♦♦-♦■♦♦♦♦:
know all that De Preycinet knows
about it. so that the judges may be able
to judge. The defense therefore is go
j ing to call to the bar a little two-faced
\ individual who will be summoned to
repeat his statements and bring proof
of what he alleges, and if De Freycinet
refuses it will be necessary to invoke
j the aid of Jamont and Mercier himself |
to unlock De Freycinet's lips and un- j
seal his ears. Surely they will not let
1 us ask thei. 1 help in vain in the in
j terest of. truth."
M. 1': -menceau's irony in the last '
phrase will be appreciated by all save
possibly Generals Mercier and Jamont
i and M. de Freycinet, who will writhe" at
i the more idea that they care anything
: about the truth or its interests. The
object of General Mercier's accusation
\ that a syndicate has bought all Drey
fus* defenders is manifestly to create
the belief that an attempt will be made
,to substitute Esterhazy for Dreyfup.
i He does not say so in so many words.
I but he allows it to be clearly seen that
this is to bo regarded as a clew to the
determination to have the case revised.
As M. Clemenceau remarks, he main
tains that Dreyfus wrote the bordnrau.
By this means he insinuates that the
syndicate bribed Esterhazy to make
! him confess that he wrote it, just as it
.bribed the press and Court of Cassa
i tion and all those who demanded jus
' tice and law.
The lunacy of such proceedings is evi
dent when one remembers that although
Esterhazy owns to having written
the bordereau, he strenuously denies
that he did it with criminal intent. It
' ■ ; was done by order, he says, so that
' definite evidence might be at hand to
produce against Dreyfus, who. "so
Esterhazy declares, is a traitor, and had
delivered all sorts of important infor
-1 : mation to Germany and Italy. Now the
syndicate must be composed of abso
lute idiots, or else they would have
bribed Esterhazy to own to being a
traitor while he was about it. It would
not have damaged Esterhazy's reputa
tion, or what passes with him for such,
had he taken the last step, telling the
■ truth and exculpating Dreyfus com
-1 pletely. * : '
No. Mercier's babble is merely a re
hash of the infamous slanders pub
SA^ FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
lished by th^ mile by anti-revisionists
papers for the last two years. M. Clem
enceau is probably right In saying that
M. do Freycinet will hardly authorize
Mercier to put the responsibility for
the thirty-five millions invention upon
his shoulders.
As for M. I'aul de Cassagnac, he is
more savage than usual in his remarks
I about General Mercier's frivolity in
sending Dreyfus for trial when he had
nothing more serious against hin than
what he has produced. He says: "The
general does not even appear as a wit
ness, but as a very feeble counsel for
the prosecution. It is alsu likely that
Mercier's eagerness to incriminate the
! German Emperor will create diplomatic
difficulties, though some of the German
papers do say that General Mercier's
evidence Is more a pathological matter
than anything else."
ARRESTS WERE DUE
TO A VAST PLOT
PARIS, Aug. 14.— Slight demonstra
! tions have occurred here this evening,
j but there was no disorder.
The immediate cause of Saturday's
arrests was a police discovery of trea
sonable correspondence in France and
Belgium, revealing an intention to call
a great meeting of Royalists, Nation
alists and anti-Semites to plan meas
ures for the overthrow of the republic.
The idea wan to create disturbances
that would necessitate calling out the
troops, who would have fraternized, so
th>- scheme contemplated, with the con
■; spirators. Then rushes were to be
made on the Elysee palace and the
Government .offices. Finally a Minis
ter of War named by the Duke of Or
leans v.ns to have replaced Marquis de
Gallifet.
It is impossible to verify thes<
tails, but it is believed that matters
were on the eve of becoming st-rious
and that the attempt uj">n the life of-
Labori was connected witn the plot.
This afternoon a fresh warrant was
issued for the arrest of M. Guerln. Ac
cording to a French statute, his effort
! to evade arrest for a political crime is
punishable with penal servitude.
A strong police force now gtiards the
office of the Anti-Semite League, where
a crowd numbering thousands com
pletely blocks the traffic Windows In
the vicinity are all filled with people
anticipating the storming of th<? build
ing. Shopkeepers near by have i
their shutters.
Whil" a general officer in uniform
was riding along the street the crowd
ed dp around his carriage, crying:
'"Vive l'Armee" and "Mort aux Juifs."
M. GUERIN YET
BLUFFS THE POLICE
PARIS, Aug. 15. — The assistant chief of
detectives at 4:20 this morning went to the
house of M. Guerin, president of the Anti-
Semite League, with a warrant for his
arrest. He rang the bell several times,
and finally M. Guerin appeared at the
window but refused to oncn the door,
saying: "If you want me come and take
me."
Thereupon the 'detective withdrew. M.
Guerin calling after him: "You want to
fight? Well, we will light. Permit me to
tell you you're doing very dirty business."
Then, turning to his friends, he ex
claimed loudly: "Come, come, comrades,
let us die. They will only take me dead."
Some of the spectators of the scene
shouted, "Vive le i ruerin I"
The Fox Accepted.
WASHINGTON, Auk. 11. The torpedo
boat F<.x. built by Wolff & Zwicker on
the Pacific Coast, was to-d;iv accepted !■•>
the ( rovernment.
M. Durenult, prefect of Ile-et-Vllnine: M. Vigute, chief of the secret
service, and M. Hennion. special commissioner of the secret service, who are
striving to apprehend M. Laborl'a assailant. Sergeant Touttin is military
bailiff of the Dreyfus court-martial.
LABORI'S
ASSASSIN
ESCAPES
Object of thje (\t
tacK on Drey
fus' Defender
Was to Steal
Papers.
PARIS, Aug. 14.— Figaro cor
respondent at Rennes telegraphs
that three men took part in the
attack on M. Labori.
When M. Labori fell and M.
Cast and Colonel Picquart started in
pursuit of the criminal, two accom
plices seized M. Labori's leather port
folio and appropriated among other
papers a letter from M. Clemenceau to
M. Jaures, and a letter from M. Joseph
Reinach to M. Labori. It is therefore
considered that the attack was pre
meditated.
A bargeman working near the scene,
who saw the attack, declares that he
had seen the criminal hanging: about
for several days, evidently waiting for
M. Labori.
The excitement at Rennes is tremen
dous and the emotion has spread even
to the smallest villages.
It is said that the last anonymous
letter received by M. Labori contained
the fallowing: "We're going to burn
your box and your Dreyfus dossier."
RBNNES, Aug. 14, 11 p. m.— fol
lowing bulletin regarding the condition
of M. Labori was issued at 10 o'clock:
•Temperature 37.05. No fever. Condi
tion stationary." ■{■;. ;:■"■ ''■_•
There has been, therefore, a slight
improvement during the last few hours.
M. Labori' a mother arrived here this
evening. She had believed him dead
and a most affecting interview ensued.
Later M. Labori received Mathieu
Dreyfus, brother of Captain Dreyfus.
There is some talk of M. Albert Clem
enceau, the younger of the two broth
ers, gaming as a substitute for M.
Labori.- The question, however, will
be definitely decided to-morrow.
M. Clemenceau ' was one of j Zola's
counsel at his trial, and has fol
lowed the Dreyfus affair very closely.
While he lacks the magnetic influence
of Labori in pleading, he is extremely
skillful in cross-examination.
Farther particulars of the attempted
assassination show thai M. Laborl and
his wife left their bouse together, but
jusi before the outrage she turned bark.
having forgotten her card of admission
to the court. While stye was gone M.
Labor! mcl Colonel Picquart and M
Continued .-,n Second ra<r<\
MANY SENSATIONS AT
THE RENNES COURT-MARTIAL
Former Ministers of War of France Trying Hard
to Cause Dreyfus to Be Again Found
Guilty of Treason*
RBNNES, France, Aug. 14.—
shooting of M. Labori, leading
counsel for Dreyfus, robbed the
morning session of the Dreyfus
court-martial of its paramount
Interest. The murderer apparently
chose to-day for the attempt because
it was anticipated that M.' Labor!
would crush General Mercier, the for
mer Minister of War, with his cross
questioning.
The news of the shooting of M. Labori
caused an immense sensation in the
courtroom, where the usual audience
had assembled awaiting the coming of
the Judges. M. Labori's absence had
just been announced when suddenly M.
Jaunay, syndic of the judiciary press,
rushed into the room and shouted: "M.
Labori has been shot!"
All present gave a gasp of horror and
surprise, and every man jumped to his
feet and a volley of questions was
hurled at M. Jaunay's head, who, cry
ing "That is all I know," rushed out of
court again, followed by a number of
his hearers. Those who remained ex
citedly discussed the crime and vigor
ously denounced the authors.
Colonel Jouaust, president of the
court, when the news reached him, sus
pended court until 7:15 a, m. It appears
that Mme. Labori herself broke the
news to the court and informed M.
Jaunay of the crime, having rushed
from her husband's side crying for a
doctor and shouting that her husband
bad been shot.
There was an eager struggle for seats
in court to-day and 640 were seated.
There were the usual military honors.
Immediately after the prisoner arrived
the president announced that in conse
quence of the applause and other ex
pressions of opinion on Saturday he has
decided that if there was any further
interruption the court would be cleared.
During the adjournment of the court
in consequence of the announcement of
the attempt oh the life of M. Labori
the audience engaged in violent alter
cations over the incident.
-M. Mercier, editor of the Gaulois, ex
pressed the opinion that all- the news
papers, ought to regard themselves as
responsible for the outrage, whereupon
.M. Savarrine loudly protested, saying:
"No, it is you who ought to be held
responsible for what has happened."
The clamor finally became so violent
that gendarmes were forced to separate
| the combatants and take away the
sticks of all those present, but calm
was finally restored, and the session
was resumed. .."'.■-
When the court-martial was resumed
General Mercier was confronted with M.
Casimir-Perier, the former President of
France. The latter declared that M. Mer
cier's story, told on the witness stand Sat
urday, of the imminence of war between
Germany and France in 1894 was grossly
exaggerated, and complained of the action
of the Minister of War (Mercier) in mov
ing 60.000 troops to the frontier without
consulting him. As it was M. Labon's
task to take General Mercler in hand, and
M. Demange, associate counsel, was quite
unprepared for the task, the few ques
tions the latter put were practically of
little effect, and Genera) Mercier escaped
cheaply. Moreover, M. Demange was
deeply affected by the attempt to assas
sinate his colleague, and was quite un
able to do himself justice.
General Mereier was recalled, and in re
ply to the president of the court he-reit
erated his belief that Major Count Ester
hazy, in spite of the latter's own decla
ration, was not the .author of the•bor
dereau, which the witness claimed was
written on tracing paper and was found
in an embassy.
'1 ne president asked M. Casimir-Perler
to explain the circumstances of the con- ;
fession Dreyfus is alleged to have made
to Captain Lebrun-Re-naud.
M. Casimir-Perier persisted in his state
ment of Saturday that he had never re
ceived any confidences of this character
from Captain l,ebrnn-Renaud. He add
ed that M. Dupuy, the' then Premier, was
present when Captain Lebrun-Renaud
called at the Elysee Palace. .
"Moreover." said M. Casimir-Perier.
"here is a letter from M. Dupuy which I
ask may be read."
The letter asserted that- Captain Le
brun-Renaud. when questioned by M. Du
puy. replied that General Merrier had sent |
him to the President to receive a dressing j
down for his indiscreet disclosures to the
Figaro.
General Merrier here interposed, say
ing: "Captain Lebrun-Renaud spoke to
me in regard to the confessions in the
presence of General Gonse, who will tes
tify thereto. It was then that I ordered
him to go to the President of the repub
lic "
Referring to General Mercier's declara
tion on Saturday last on the witness
stand M. Casimir-Perier said:
"General Mercier had no right what
ever to intervene in a diplomatic conver
sation. I would have prevented such in
terference. It was I alone who conferred
with the Minister, and I declare the im
pression I derived from the conversation
was one of complete calm: otherwise the :
incident would not have been closed by
the framing of a note. We had no tele
gram from Berlin that evening. It was
in regard to the note the Minister referred
to Berlin. If there had been any news in
regard to the matter on the evening of
the nth we would not have waited until
the 3th to publish the matter. There was
no dispatch addressed to the friendly pow
ers relative to the incident. The Incident
has been magnified. Besides, In the event
of diplomatic complications the President
would have communicated with the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs."
General Merrier replied that he went |
to the Elysee Palace as Minister of War.
He recalled that General de Boisdeffre
could testify in regard to the orders re-
M Demange seized upon this declara
tion and insisted that General Mereier re
peat the statement that he had given or
ders to General de Boisdeffre on the fcth.
relative to mobilization. r ■ •;
M Casimir-Perier resumed his testi
mony and said he did not rep'y to cer
tain of General Mercier's- insinuations.
"I do not wish to answer them." said
the former President. "The circum
stances are too sad and too tragic for me ,
to try to envenom the discussion.".
"I am master of myself and of my con
science " continued the witness. "I would
only state that General Mereier has made
every effort to mix me as deeply as pos
sible in this affair. But I have remained
aloof. I affirm, during the progress of the
investigation." . '<:.-■■ :•■* "/•'<
The former President then complained
of the incorrect behavior of his subor
dinate toward the chief of the state.
"As an instance," said M. Casimlr-
LONDON, Aug. //.—
In the Evening News Major
Count Esterhazy again tells
the "real truth in regard to
the bordereau in the Prey fits
ease, saying that he wrote it.
The document, he alleges,
zvas intended to serve as a
substantial basis for an ac
cusation against Dreyfus,
who had been suspended' a
long time, and against
whom there had already ex
isted a number of grave
proofs of guilt, which, how
ever, could not be used with
out compromising certain
personages idiom it was im
periously necessary to keep
in the background alto
gether.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
• p ier. "General Mercier undertook to
shorten the **!]?_? c chief of state,
| tnus jacking in the respect he owed to
j the latter." v,rr.te«t©r?
J^*g*g2& made by'oSEerS
;vferci°r in regard to the role adopted by
the chief of state in this affair, whereupon
ge general inte^ect^hat h^tad spok
mr _p er | er because he had sworn to tell
the whole truth.
m. Demange asked General Mercier it
he had explained to the Cabinet how he
reconciled^^relaUon^^w-^m* g
[tv treason which the communication of
the secret documents to the court-martial
indicated. ■ i".
The general repeated -his statement of
Saturday as his hypothesis of the sltua
tion. m kd M Casimir-Perier
**• Th™ 6th Tan understanding had been
re ' acne( i between France and Germany on
the subject of Dreyfus.
M. Casimir-Perier "replied that before
his interview with the Minister on the
6th the Question of Dreyfus $&&?
m Demange asked General Mercier whj
h g had net included in the dossier of 189
the doubtful translation of the telegram
of Agent "B" to his Government under
the date of ' November 2.
In reply General Mercier said not one
of the translations of the telegram was
communicated to the Judges Because
there -till existed doubts in his mind.
M. Demange remarked that the text
was communicated to Sandherr as official,
and, therefore doubts i were impossible,
, M. Demange then asked that M. Paleo
logue of the Foreign Office be recalled
in order to state Jat otiy a angle w
sion of the telegram was giv en as he un
derstood General Mercier 's uncertainty
a ? ? ," sed^ y £, c ™" P ° f a semUom -
c ™ x \ 6 ?tf} ° { nt \\ ' ? r(^friere the repre
-At tlllS point lURJOr Lilt- icpiC
. ♦ s., A *l* ♦ v*^. rAfommont a qlt^h th»r
the r o a mV,^ re Riven> one official and
Ol^ : i^mange said that in communicat
. * *■ J- 'ii-!,,,:?, i » P xt nn November 2 Colonel
L n a^^ r ° ffl c Its omdal character
S^"™ e JT, Sacked General Mercier why
OU a nations of The secret dopier
ot . lTl ded in the dossier relating
" the reV i on
Tne Kenera i "replied that he considered
tne explanations were given for his per-
SS^h^&cSSktTXt^ m! &
man expressed a sense of astonishment
and as f i General Mercier if he did not
have reasons for suppressing the docu
men t
The' witness repudiated the suggestion,
Dreyfus at this point rose from his seat
anf] asked leave to explain It) regard to
tne assertion that he had traced on a card
tne itinerary journey of certain of the
general staff. The itinerary and journey
he stated were purely fictitious,
yi Casimir-Perier then said he desired
to reiterate that he had never promised
anything to Dreyfus, adding that it was
with M* Waldeck-Rousseau alone that he
had spoken in regard to the condemned
man Therefore M. Casimir-Perier reit-r
a ted his protests at the letters of Dreyfus
referring to negotiations.
This caused M. Demmige to explain how
Dreyfus came to say that M. Casimir-Per
ier had promised him a public trial. After
Demange, had asked M. Waldeck-Rous
seau to intervene with M. Casimir-Perter,
then President of France, to obtain pub
licitv. M. Waldeck Rousseau reported that
the "President appeared favorable to the
suggestion, and counsel therefore thought
he might communicate the fact to Drey
fus. M. Demange added that it must be
remembered that Dreyfus wrote the letter
four years after the occurrence, and his
recollection naturally lacked precision. M.
De-manse expressed regret at the fact
that the letter had been published, and
apologized to M. Casimir-Perier, who
thanked Demange for his expression of
regret and explanation,
General Billot, former Minister of War,
was the next witness. He was. in uniform,
sat with crossed legs and gave his evi
dence in a conversational manner. He said
he would be 71 years old to-morrow. Like
everybody else, he added, he had some
knowledge of the Dreyfus affair before
taking the. war portfolio. While feeling
deeply on the subject he remained aloof
from the matter until he returned to the
Cabinet. In the early days of his admin
istration. • the witness continued, V
Scheur<=r-Kestner, a former vice president
o f the Senate, asked him whether he ought
not to investigate the Dreyfus affair. Al
Seheurer-Kestner. the general pointed out',
CHARGED WITH STEALING
MOBILIZATION PLANS
VIENNA, Aug. 14. — August Hosctig, a Government
railroad official, has been arrested for stealing the emergency
mobilization plans, which he delivered to a man named P. Zi
boworski, wko is said to have communicated them to agents of
France and Russia.
TEICE FIVE CE^TS.
had madp similar representations to M.
de Freycinei and got the same reply from
both, that neither was very conversant
with the affair.
General Billot dwelt at length upon the
action taken by M. Scheurer-Kestner, to
wh'>m he renimnn'ndfd prudence.
M. Scheurer-Kestner finally communi
cated to Genera] Billot his conviction of
the Innocence of Dreyfus, but the general
found the evidence Insufficient, and asked
him to investigate the matter further.
The genera] deali with the rule of
I'olcniH Picquart, whom, he said, he holds
in the highest esteem.
"He is Intelligent." said General Billot,
"and gave me valuable information about
the organisation of a neighboring army
and Its artillery. This information showed
the necessity of continuing the reforms in
our artllU ry comm< need by that great In
itiator, < *ener«J Mercler.
"I, who am neither an engineer nor an
expert In handwriting," added General
Billot, "saw in that direction the grand
work lie had accomplished."
Alter this General Billot referred to
Colonel Picquart's proposition to entrap
Esterhasy, whom hr> suspected, but Gen
eral BUlol forbade this. He added that
Colonel Picquart's action was without
authorisation.
ral Billot referred to the eminent
services Colonel Picquart had rendered to
the army, leading to his being intrusted
with a contldentlal mission to the East
and afterward to Tunis. He energetically
protested against the allegation that he
had desired to send Colonel Picquart to a
place from which he would never return.
He explained his devotion to the country
and army, ami said his anxiety respecting
crets of the national defense often
entailed exceptional measures, like resig
nation and going to distant points whence
it was possible i" return with a superior
rank, and where heroism certainly wiped
out everything except treason. (Sensa
tion.)
After justifying hi? course toward
Colonel Picquart, General Billot explained
what he had done In connection with Es
terhazy. He then renewed his protests
against the attack the defenders of Drey
fus made upon him during the trial of M.
Zola, and concluded by expressing a re
gret that while in power he was obliged
to devote mosi of his time to the Dreyfus
affair, which time, he added, ought to
have been given to the guardianship of
the national defense.
M. Demange Invited General Billot to
explain the statements nf MM. Barthou
and Poincalre, former Ministers, that the
general was once so doubtful of the guilt
of Dreyfus that he did not sleep for sev
eral nights.
General Billot acknowledged the state
ments were true.
Answering questions of counsel, the gen
eral said colonel Picquart's revelations
produced doubts in his mind. but. he
added all the same, his conviction of the
f guilt of Dreyfus remained unchanged.
There was a great sensation when M.
Demange mentioned the opinion ex
pressed by M. Barthou that General Bil
loi had been forewarned in regard to the
forgery of Lieutenant Colonel Henry. Th.»
gen< nil acknowledged that the Henry
Forgery was among the factors arousing
his doubts.
Continuing General Billot said ne was
Immensely surprised and deeply affected
by the revelation of the forgery, tic said:
""[ never c iuld have believed a superior
officer could be guilty of forgery."
General Cavaignac, former Ministjr of
War was the next witness called, ileply-
Ing to the president of the court, ne savl
he was the first Cabinet Minister to as
sume responsibility to Dreyfus. He had
closely followed the inquiry of the Court
or' Cassation and still he desired to asso
ciate himself with the responsibility of
in 1594 wiio protected the honor of
the army against treason. (Sensation.)
continuing, the witness said that anwns
the principal points upon which he based
his conviction was the confession to Cap
tain Lebrun-Renaud, in support of
which contention he quoted a passage
from an alleged letter of Dreyfus, but
which in reality, was part of General
Gonse's report of the Minister of War on
Colonel Dv I'aty's de Clam's report of the
red confession.
M Cavaignac admitted the possibility
of mistakes in human testimony and said
they ought to be taken into account when
condemning a fellow-man. Bur, he as
■ he was. convinced of tne guilt or
i >■ >yfua because iris accusers wore so en
tirely in agreement as to their testimony.
The witness aiso said he found addi
tional proofs of the prisoner's euilt in the
technical character of the bordereau, and
lie thought the bordereau alone estab
lished the fact that the treason had
emanated from the bureau of the general
Staff and from an officer who was able
to secure all the information desired.
According to M. Cavaignac, even in his
attempts to hue his crime, the accused
had "allowed words to escape him which
In Jsputably established his guilt.
Everything, according to this witness,
condemned Dreyfus, and he .claimed that
in spite of the prisoner s denials it was
established that he had been everywhere
it was necessary to procure the informa
tion in question. It was established, th*
witnc-^ asserted, that th»- prisoner had
copied plans of the proposed concentra
tion of the army. Witnesses, he claimed.
would testify in support of this assertion.
M Cavaignac discussed the denials or
Dreyfus and said his excuses of lapse of
memory were inadmissible. Dreyfus, he
claimed, was aware of the changes in the
bridge corps belonging to the artillery
and also the details of concentration.
Why then, the witness asked, had he de
nied 'this knowledge. ■
Tt was impossible, according to M.
Cavaignac, to credii that Bsterhazy was
a traitor even admitting that the border
eau was written by him. Ksterhazy, he
insisted could only have acted as the In
termediary of an accomplice. The in
quiry "f '<h p ''" urt " f Cassation proved
treason was really committed, and ne km.
Cavaignac) had not based his conviction
of the culpability of Dreyfus solely on the
handwriting 6f the bordereau.
In the secret dossier, he said, there werf»
many ekments for conviction, and he pro
to discuss all the allegations made
by foreigners with the view of exculpat
ing Dreyfus. For Instance, he said there
w ,,uh! be official denials which would
leave plenty of room for the truth to «■
--cane Besides, it was quite possible the
accused was guilty of treason without
having dire<t relations with agents of a
foreign Government, and a certain Em
oassador had admitted that his military
attache had spied under the immunity2
PREPARING FOR WAR
IN THE TRANSVAAL
Money Has Been Secured and Arms Will
Be Furnished to All Burghers
Able to Fight.
© CAPE TOWN. Aug. 14.— A dispatch from Pietermaritzburg, capital •
$ of Natal, says that at a farmers' meeting culled there to consider the g j
X defense- of the colony it was resolved that the duty of every loyal, able- A i
It bodied colonist, able to rise and shoot, was to aid in the defense of the *? j
v colony against invasion, and it was announced that volunteers would be g j
<> sent to the frontier in the event of war and the rifle associations would § j
& be left to defend their own districts. «3 ;
M The reported shipment of 400,000 pounds from London banks is be- £*
& lieved to be due to the enormous purchases made by the Transvaal I
£♦ Government of ammunition, provisions and forage, the supplies exceed- 55 j
6 ing those of many European nations. The field cornets are distribut- g |
* ing arms to the burghers. . § i
'-, Dispatches from Durbin, in Natal, announce that an armor-plated o, I
O train fitted with loopholes has been sent to the Natal Transvaal border, 6
Jtf and that artillery of the Orange Free State Is going to occupy Vande- g
k« men's Pass. 88
«3 PRETORIA, Aug. Despite General Joubert's denial, it is re- <?
?4 ported that the Government made large purchases of mules last Satur- *3 i
day. To-day a crowd besieged the office of the field cornets demanding g
O rifles on account of the war scare. . 0
*5 JOHANNESBURG, Aug. 14.— The Standard and Diggers' News says j;
jO; • to-day:? '"The Boers are convinced that there is nothing .for it now but &
Jk the arbitrament of arms." A
-* A.ll sorts of warlike rum are in circulation. It is alleged that the £5
■3 field cornets have received orders to supply all unarmed burghers with 0
§ rifles gratuitously, and to substitute Mausers for Martini-Henrys wher- *j j
i? ever the latter are still in use. / is
g-'ven to diplomats. M. Cavaignac also
found in the contradictory statements of
forelsn diplomats that Dreyfus was well
known at various chancellories.
Colonel Jouaust asked M. Cavaignac,
••How do you explain the Henry for
perv?" and" the witness repeated the
statements he bad already made on the
subject. He dwelt at length on M. < uig
net's long investigation. ««r,,_« *r.
Colonel Jouausi then asked, W hat do
you think of the Henry forgery in rela
tion to the facts now occupying our at
tention?'- -. .  — ■
••The Henry forgery., replied M. <_aA
aipr.i'c "as alleged, was in order io se
cure Jai revision of the case by the Court
of Cassation, and was not even alluded
to. This forgery, therefore, should re
main outside of the scope of the ques
tions submitted by this court-martial.
That Is my ion."
Replying to another question, M. Cav
'elgnac said his statement that Dreytus
went to Brussels in the middle of l s .-4
rested on hearsay.
II Cavaignac introduced during the
course of his evidence a memorandum,
written in German; asking for various In
formation, warned by the embassy,
which appears to have been unearthed
from the archives of the Bureau of In
formation of the War Office. He said he
believed it wad written by a military at
ta M. P bf mange asked why M. Cavaignac,
who was so anxious to incriminate Drey
fus had not produced this document in
the Chamber of Deputies.
The witness replied that he had other
means of reaching the ends. . |
Counsel for the prisoner then questioned ;
M. Cavaignac In regard to his statement
thatißoisdeftre was absent from Paris on
November 6 when General Merder de
clares he was there. The witness replied
that! General de Boisdeffre was certainly
absent on that date. .
■ Colonel Jouaust remarked thai this par
ticular would be elucidated when General
hol^?&%tt& told Dreyfus to |
rise and asked him if he had any re
marks to make upon the evidence. _
The prisoner, who during M. Cavaig
nac . arraignment of him had seemed
nervous and agitated, replied In a low ,
X "': ce a *m astounded that the man who pro
duced in the tribunal of the chamber the
Henry forgery can come hero and base
his convictions of my culpability on mat
ters which the . curt of ( assation has a.
ready disposed of." (Great sensation >j
General Zurlinden; also a former Minis
ter of War, was the next witness. He
began by pointing out the obligation rest-,
ing upon those directing espionage to '' '
everything possible to save those serv
ing them when the latter were discov
ered He then declared thai he. still re-:
garded the bordereau as being decisive
proof of the guilt of Dreyfus and sr.id
the crime committed would be impos -.
ble for those who were prosecuting Drey
fus and who should be acting from '■■•■de
dc corps, and it would be as unjust to
s;iy so as to I rove the "odious act
siThisi inquiry Into the honor of the array
had" nothing to do with the affair. Gen
eral Zurlinden then traversed the old {
ground and declared that not anything
not even Henry's confession, had changed i
his conviction. The prosecution of Di , -
fus. the witness asserted, was quit un
foreseen, and ■■■:■• the idea ol
machinations was untenable.
The reiteration by General Zuriinuen
of his firm belief that Dreyfus wrote the j
bordereau [created lively excitement. j
M. Demange suggested that if Colonel
Fabro. had not thought or examining the
handwriting of the probationers the my- .
dereau would then have been eternally ■
buried In the archives of the Ministry of '
War; and he remarked: .v : • .
"If this is the case it must be evident ■
thore is nothing in the bordereau which ;
indicated Dreyfus.'.'
General Zurlinden in a troubled voice
acknowledged -his -fact conclusively and
tried to explain. M. Demange, however.
got General Zurlinden to admit that it
was not until niter the condemnation that j
the study of the bordereau seemed to In
dieato that it was the. work of a ■ proba- !
tioner.
In reply to further questions General
Zurlli • said that in order to know the
whole truth in regard to the bordereau \
they must have the four notes therein
mentioned. They must be secured.
At this point Dreyfus Interjected: "I
associate myself with those words, my |
colonel." I also desire the truth, i only j
ask- for the ■ ruth."
These statements caused excitement in
court. ,
General Chanoine next testified. He
briefly affirmed his -belief in the culpability
at the prisoner.
The appearance of M. Hanotaux, the
fornsf-r Minister of Foreign Affair?, who
followed him in the witness box, reawak
ened the interest of tho audience. M.
Hanotaux declared, he had nothing that
added to his evidence given before the
Court of Cassation. He said he never had
cognizance either as a Minister or as a
private individual of any secret dossier.
He recalled the circumstances under
which ho took office; saying the foreign
portfolios th« presented grave difficul- i
tly;. The negotiations with Groat Britain ;
and: Belgium with regard to Africa. th-> i
war in Madagascar and ihe state of nf- 1
fairs in China wen? pointed to. He then |
relnted thai be was n;r.<le acfiuas?it"d with
the Dreyfus affair by Genrra'. "' r. !• and
M. Dupuy in th residence of M. Guerin;
and read notes, already produced by M.
Paleologue. giving the observations ho.
thought right to make to General MerClcr
regarding the proofs coll^ctPd against
])!■,! and the Minister of War's reply
w'tb. | is objections.
M. HLanotaus replied that ho saw the j
difficulties which speedily developed. His!
fears, he added, were fully justified, and I
wh<Mi 11 became necessary to publish sev- i
oral 3 official notes In order to satisfy a
foreign embassy the situation was tin- [
doubtedlv crave, r.nd he forthwith re- '
quested ( , mml Merger to <•»• .-ice the pros- 1
::tion of tho affair under the nxistin*
circumstances. But General Mercler was j
obdurate nv<\ Ihc affair proceeded; The:
former Minister of foreign Affairs dented j
the allegation that ho hud told NT. Monod ,
that he believed Dreyfus was guilty. i
M.- Drrr.E-rigc inquired whether M Tfano
tauv was nwnro of the uncertainties con-
TM*Ctcd with the translation of the tele
gram dated November 2, IK9).
M Hanotaux replied that uncertaintj
was the rule in such cases. Ho was only
aware of t-h.^ one drawn up in the Foreign
Ofiicc; which alone was communicated to
the War Minister. Tho representative of
tho Government. '.;. Corri'>ro. having ex
cused M. CaHlmlr-jPerlef; General Morcier
and M. Hanotaux . from further attend
ance unless resunjmoneil. the court rose
at noon, adjourning until Wednesdaj.
NO GAIN FOR DREYFUS
IN DAY'S PROCEEDINGS
RENNEB, Aug. 14.— General Billot's ex
pressions i : i'or Colonel Plcquart
and M. Scheurer-Kestner came as a sur-
Ho only raised his voice when he
explained that he sent the colonel to
Tunis owing to his meddling in manors i
■r. to his duties, but he Insisted on
giving Colonel Picquart a mission of dan
ger and at the same time intrusted him
with a post of honor.
M. Cavaignac gave his testimony in an j
oratorical manner, with marked Intona
tion, and in th<- way he might have deliv
ered a speech In the Chamber <>f Deputies.
)'..■ maintained his belief in the truth of
the confessions of Dreyfus and contended
that his (M. Cavalgnac's) attitude
throughout was that of a statesman.
]'-.< : fus did not create a very favorable
impression when at the conclusion of M.
Cavaignac's testimony he was asked If
he had anything to say. The prisoner re
plied in a declamatory fshion. with his
hand on his heart, that the Court of Cas
sation had already disposed i t M. Cavaig
nac's arguments.
The speech of M. Cavaignac, however,
certainly appeared to make an impression
■in his hearers.
During the short suspension of the sit
xi.-.a of the court, M. Jaures, the Socialist
. who was in court, remarked that
th> arrests made in Paris had for their
sole object the forestalling of a St. Bar
tholomew massacre of the Dreyfusards
and that the attempted murder of M. La
bor! at Rennes w;;s one of the scattered
• the projected massacre.
Dreyfus nn:?t undoubtedly have been
profoundly moved in the attack on his
champion, who. for all he knew, might ;
!-■ dead or dying, but he maintained the
same immovability as hitherto and di<i
not give in court the slightest indication !
of his emotions.
The depositions of General Zurlinden, I
Chamoine and M. Uanotaux were listened
to closely, but the session was utterly d.-- :
■void of any exciting incident, the mass of
!• stlmony being directed against Dreyfus
and the lack of trenchant criticism, '»wins
t>> tli*- absence of the defense's right arm,
naturally left an impression unfavorable j
to the prisoner.
General Mercier was acclaimed on leav
ing the court and M. < 'aj»imir-Perier was
greeted with cheers and counter-cheers!
for the army.
The gendarmes dispersed the most noisy
of the demonstrators, but there was no j
serious disorder.
LABORI'S
ASSASSIN
ESCAPES
Continued from First Page.
Oast. Immediately afterward a man
shot him. His wife arrived while M.
Labor] was lying <m the ground and
Colonel Picquart and M. <ia?t were pur
suing the murderer. M. Labori turned
to his wife and said: "Go to the court
ami ask to suspend the sitting"
Mme. Labori r>>n into the court, gave
the news that her husband had been
slim and ran back to him. She sat
down on the ground beside her husband
and took his head in her lap.
During the Interval while Colonel Pic
quart and M. Cast were pursuing: the
murderer and before Mme. Labori ar
rived, M. Labori, thinking himself mor
tally wounded, uaid to a bystander: "If
I die tell my .wife my last thoughts
were for her."
There were several reports this after
noon that the assailant of M. Labori
had been captured, but they proved to
be unfounded. Detachments of troops
and gendarmes are beating the woods
and scouring the country. They have
been engaged in this work all day long
without success. A great number of
people saw the murderer fleeing, but he
was either too far distant from them or
else he succeeded in cowing them by
threats to use his revolver. A gardener
named Delahaye sot near enough to the
man to clutch him by the shoulder, but
th' 1 fugitive shook himself free and
turning to his pursuer, exclaimed:
"Begone, or I v. ill kill you. I still have
five shots left in my revolver and they
will be for you."
Deiahaye, beingr quite unarmed, re
coiled and allowed the man Ur escape.
Th" attempt made upon the life <>f M.
l^abori was evidently the result of a
plot.
A letter was sent to the Commissary
'•f l'ohce this morning; warning him
that it was intended to make an at
te"i ii t Upon the life of General Mercier.
Consequently, the police and detectives
surrounded the general and left the
other principals in the drama unpro
tected.
A proclamation signed by M. Lajat.
Mayor of Kcnnes, and M. Leherisse,
deputy for De-et-Vllalne, in which
Ft< nnes is situated, has just been is-
Bu«d. It. commences: "An abominable
outrage, the author of which cannot
claim to belong to any party, hns just
;.<-i"'l <>ur dear town of Rennes,"
and concludes with appealing to the
population to remain calm and to resist
provocations from whatever party they
may emanate.
SUSPECT PROMPTLY
PROVES AN ALIBI
TAIiIS, Aug. 14.— A dispatch from
Lcmans, 130 miles southwest of this
city, .says a commissary of police ar
rested at the railroad station a man
named Gallon, a marine engineer, who
was on his way from Rennes to Havre,
whose appearance corresponds with
the- description of the man who at
tempted to assassinate M. Labori. Gal
lon, however, was able to prove an alibi
and was liberated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1599.
PROGRESS OF THE SHERMAN
TOWARD SAN FRANCISCO
IN calculating the times and distances of the transport Sherman's runs San Francisco time has always been used.
Thus Ihe cable from Japan announcing the sailing of the transport was dated Yokohama, August 9, at noon,
willle in all probability the Sherman sailed on August 8 about 6:40 p. m.
The reason for this is because of the difference in date of points on opposite sides of the ISOth meridian—
that meridian of longitude having been chosen by astronomers as the one at which each day shall commence.
Thus two ships on opposite sides of the line marking the ISOth meridian and within hailing distance <>f each
other would be in different days of the week. The one to the westward (the Sherman) would have her date card
correctly set at Tuesday. August 15, while the one to the eastward of the meridian would be equally correct with
her date card set at Monday, August 14. With the ship on the easterly side of the line day is beginning
and with the one on the westerly side it is ending as the earth moves in an easterly direction around the sun. In
consequence the vessel going to the westward or toward, say Japan, will lose a day and will jump from the 14th to
the 15th just as quickly as she can cross the imaginary line. In the same way the vessel coming toward San Fran
cisco (the Sherman) will gain a day and while at one moment it will be midnight of Tuesday, August 15, the next it
will be the morning of Tuesday, August 15. In this way the California boys will have two Tuesdays and eight days
In that week. This will only make up for the day lost in going to Manila, however. The fact that there will be two
15ths at the 180 th meridian or that the Sherman left at 6:40 p. m. of August 8, instead of nrnm on the fnh, does not
make any difference in the calculations given in The Call from day to day. San Francisco time was us--[ a t her start
and will follow her across the ocean so the days of the week will run along as though there was do 180 th meridian.
J. T. McMillan, United States nautical expert, calculates that at noon yesterday the Sherman was in latitude
40 degrees 10 minutes north, longitude 173 degrees east. In that event she had steamed 1655 knots and was a little
over 3000 nautical miles from San Francisco.
A large copy of the above map showing the course of the transport is on exhibition in the wlndov <m th«> Market
street side of the business office of The Call. The map is attracting a great deal of attention, and cro<<rdfl are gathered
about the window to view it from early morning till late at night.
CALLED TO HIS
DOOR AND SHOT
Joseph Valencia Near
to Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug.. l4.— As a result of
a. family feud of several years' standing.
Malo Buelna is behind the bars in the
County Jail and Joseph Valencia is lying
1 in a critical condition at his home In So
'■ quel from a bullet wound Inflicted by
Bu< Ina this morning.
The cause of the shooting- dates back
. several years. Valencia won the affec
tions nfßuelna's wife, and over a year
ago she left Buelna and after going
through the divorce mill married Valencia.
j Since that time Buelna has acted strange
! ly, and this morning at 6:SW o'clock Valen
cia was awakened from his sleep in his
cottage at Soquel, near the paper mill.
: where he is employed. Buelna had pronf 1
! to the back door of the house and called
Valencia to the door. Jus' as in.- door
was opened Hu-lna flred with a pistoL The
hull. -i took effect below the collar bone.
Valencia fell and Buelna started away
over the hill. .
Charles Valencia, a son. heard the shot,
jumped from his bed and got his shotgun
and started after the assailant, nring as
he ran. Buelnas arm was peppered with
birdshot. but the wound is slight. Cl
Mason and Frank Britton. who were near
by about to start on a hunting trip, went
In pursuit of Buelna and captured him.
Huelna was then taken in charge py Con
stable Ord of Soquel Township and placed
in the City Trison at Soquel.
Several times heretofore one or the oth
er of the men has been arrested for bat
tery and at one time Buelna was arrested
for* having bitten off one of Valencia 8
lingers. Buelna ifl a fisherman and a ra
mmar character in the stnets of Santa
Cruz. Valencia is employed in the Soquel
paper mill. m
COPPER MINE LOCATED '
NEAR WHITE HORSE
VANCOUVER, I>- C. Aug. 14.— A deal
was consummated here to-day whereby
the British America Corporation, a strong
English company, will commence develop
ment work on a rich copper mine in the
Yukon The property is four miles Inland
from White Horse Rapids and was dis
covered last year by Hebe Porter the
well-known Klondlker, whose home Is In
Snokane Porter had sold out his Hunker
Creek Interests and commenced prospeci
ine for copper near Lake Bennett.
Me found it near White Horse Rapids
in quantities that he had never dreamed
of cue vein was forty fee wide, aver
aginK $80 to the ton, while the other was
twenty feet wide. The supply ol ore £
practically unlimited. On his way back
to White Horse Porter fell down a cliff
and was found unconscious the same
evening by W. Hind. Bowker.
Porter was In the Skaguay Hospital for
a long time and still lias a sear three
Inches long on his forehead. He recently
took Bowlcer, a representative of the
British America corporation, to the claim,
with the result that a large bond was
negotiated to-day. A tram line will be
built from the mine to the river.
FIRE AT SAN MATEO.
SAN MATEO, Aug. Fire to-night
destroyed the private water works of San
Mateo and adjoining cottages. It started
lin the engine room, whore a quantity of
I gasoline was stored. The explosion of the
gasoline caused the fire to spread to the
' adjoining barn of W. D. Read which ran
idly burned. Connected with the water
works were two large frame storage
tanks one of which soon fell, demolishing
the engine room. The second tank was
saved through tlr- efforts of the fire de
partment, but will have to be taken down.
The lire department prevented- a spread of
the fire .to residences in the vicinity.
The water works were owned by the
estate of John Lee. The total loss is SSOOQ.
Guests at Stanford University.
PALO ALTO. Aug. 14.— Dr. C. Hart Mer
riam, at the head of one of the bureaus
of the Department of Agriculture, and
Mr (innn^t of the staff in the United
States Geological Survey, were the suest*
of the geology department at the univers
ity to-day. Dr. Merriam was united
States Fur Seal Commissioner In 1891-91
and investigated the seals on the Pribilof
Islands, ana Mr. Onnnet is a noted biolo
"•'lat The two men are on their way
north where they are making a careful
biological survey of the Pacific Coast
They will be working in the Shasta region.
Baraly Escapss Death.
WOODLAND, Aug. 14.— County Sur
veyor Ashley had a marvelous escape
from instant death this afternoon. He
was struck by a railroad train while at
tempting to cross the track in a buggy
or. Beamer .street. The horse was killed
and Ashley was thrown forty feet, re
ceiving; a deep cut on the thigh and a
bruised l"g. A companion escaped un
injured. ■
Small Crop of Almonds.
ANTIOCH, Aug. 14.— Recently the sec
retary of the Almond Growers' Associa
tion of ('ontra Costa sent out circulars to
ih- growers of this section to try to learn
the extent Of thf crop to he harvested
here this year. The replies received fur
r.i.-h a surprise, as it is found that the
crop hRB been greatly overestimated. In
stead of 300 tons it is not ikely to exceed
130 tons.
TRIAL OF LADY
BROOME BEGINS
Defendant Unconcerned
in Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 14.— The trial
of Lady Frances Broome, who is accused
of an assault upon officers who attempted
;■■ remove a hedge In front of her prop- i
erty, was fairly begun this morning, the
juiy having been sworn in late Saturday i
afternoon. Lady Broome was accompanied I
in court by her pastor. Rev. \Y. 11. Flam
gey, and lion. EHlwood Cooper, who re
mained by her side during the day. She \
sat perfectly unconcerned and kept her!
eyes upon a book most of the time, not
turning them away even when the attor
neys indulged in a heated discussion.
City Clerk Alfonzu Crane and exrOlcrk
F. N. Gutierrez were examined ami ide:i- j
tilled several ordinances of the city re- j
lating to the location and direction of city j
streets and lo obstructions and nuisances L
on streets. Ex-Assemblyman James I<. [
Barker, Town Surveyor in I*7l-7:;. showed
that the Haley survey stakes at that cor
ner of Mlcheltorena and Castello streets .
indicated that the correct street line was
Bixt< en feet farther in toward the Broome
property than her fence and hedge mdi- |
cated. There was considerable discussion |
as to which was the official survey and
map of the city, the Norway or the Haley.
Lord Broome bought his property in 1870
and built an evergreen hedge around it
on the Norway survey. L.ady Broome
claimed the hedge was on her land in ac- t
cordance with the Norway survey. Tlio :
prosecution to-day proved by ample testi
mony that the Haley survey, although
inaccurate, was the official survey and
map Of the city, as this had been passed j
upon by the Supreme Court some time
ago
City Marshal Martin testified that he
had served a written notice on Lady
Broome to remove the hedge, and thai it
had been Ignored, and early in April he j
wen' to her in person anil notified her that I
j the obstructions in Micheltorena street
had not been removed, and ihat i
if they were not removed at onre he would
have to do it. She paid there was no ob
struction in the street: that, it was her
property, and she would protect it. H ■
cautioned her as to the result in case phe
attempted to resist an officer, but she
took no he.-d. He and a dozetj or mor** |
deputies went a short time afterward and
attempted to tear down the obstruct'. ip.
Mrs. Broonv . with her Spanish gardener,
stood guard, ready to give resistance, and
she struck Walter Richardson with a mat
tock and then ran tit Marshal Martin and
struck him with the same weapon.
Here the court adjourned until to-mor
row at 10 o'clock. The defense will c t
forth that Mrs. Broome was on her own
property and she attacked the Marshal
while he was trespassing on her rights.
DASHED TO HIS DEATH
BY A MONSTER WAVE
PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. 14.— Mail ad
vices From Falkland report that the Amer
ican ship Cyrus Wakefield arrived at Port.
William "ii June IS vith Captain Henry
dead .m<i the mate Beverely Injured. The
Wakefleld encountered a heavy storm and
shipped an Immense aea, which caught
both tiic captain and mate and dashed
them against the cabin. The captain died
from his Injuries. The mate, though s<-
verely Injured, will recover. At Port Will
iam Captain Henry's body was placed in a
metallic coffin. Ft will be taken to San
Francisco, iiis home, on the Wakefleld, .'f
which Captain Chapman of the wrecked
John R. Kelly was placed in command.
PARTY OF ARIONS
VISiTS DEL MONTE
DEL MONTE, Aug. 14.— A special train
arrived here at n a. m. to-day, bringing
a party or New York Arions for.a twenty
four horns' stay at thir, place. The train
war? met at the hotel station by a number
of four-in-hand coaches and tht> Arions
were driven to the hotel, where lunchmn
was served. At 2 o'clock the entire party
of 150 was tak.- . around the Seventeen-mile
drive and to various points of interest in
and about Old Monterey. The members
of the party an vary enthusiastic ever
the beauties of this place and it< sur
roundings. They will leave here to-mor
row afternoon for the return to San
Francisco, visiting other places en routo.
Fennsylvanians at the Seaside.
SANTA CRUZ, Aog. 14.— The Pennsyl
vania;^ como lo California to greet the
Pennsylvania Regiment on its arrival in
I San Francisco reached Santa Cruz this
morning on a special car and then went
! to the sen bench. Carriages were provided
i and the trip was taken to the Big: Trees
I and over the famous cliff drive. In the
! party were State Senator Charles A.
j Muehlbronner. . Atlegheney City; C. E.
1 Locke. I::. Christie, H. J. "Ford, BE. \V.
Marland, Pittsburgh J. A. Herron, Bfon< n
Cky; Mrs. John fnsley, Jcanette; R. \V.
Herbert. W. c. Loot. Greensburg; "Josh
w !, Waynesburg; S. N. Cook, Canons
burg; Alex Folwangle, Greensburg; Frank
Kinney, Knoxsville.
Jeweler Weafies of Life.
STOCKTON. Aug. 14— W. H. Keeler, a
jeweler, committed suicide in his rooms at
the Colonial this morning by shouting
himself in the head with a revolver. I'pon
the tahle wore letters for his son in Oak
land, his daughter, Mrs. Harry Hulin of
Angels Camp. Harry Fanning of this city,
and one or twu others.
SALOON ROW MAY
END IN MURDER
Frank A. Cofer Dying at
Salinas.
Special Dispatch to The 'Pall.
SALINAS, Aug. 14.— Frank A. Cofer, a
young resident of (Jonzales, lies at the
point of death in the County Hospual
I from the effects of injuries in a saloon
! affray. William Elchmlller, a rancher of
this county, and H. Delecker, a liquor
! merchart, formerly of San Francisco but
' now in business here, are in j.iil p"nding
an investigation by the Sheriff and to
await the result of Cofer's injuries. The
assauli upon Cofer appears to have been
i he result of a plot to get him into the
rear room of a saloon on the main street
| of this city and rob him of valuables and
I money known to be in his possession. The
robbery was committed and that the as
sault will result in murder the physicians
L claim is almost certain.
Cof,r displayed considerable money and
spent it freely. He came to Salinas from
Qonzalee "ti Wednesday of last week and
tried t<> "paint the town." Tie was arrest
ed for disturbing the- peace, hut paid his
lin*- and was released from custody on
Thursday. That night at about 12 o'clock
Policeman Happ arrested him at the insti
gation of Delecker and i.md, proprietors
of the Bellevue saloon. The owners of the
saloon ('aimed the man had been quar
relsome and thai he had attacked Wil
liam Bichmfller.
On being taken to the County Jail the
prisoner complained of severe pains in his
right side, upon investigation by a Bur
geon it was found two ribs were broken
and thai oni had penetrated the lung.
Cofer was removed to the hospital, where
his condition became serious-.
Cofer asserted that he went into <he
Belle .-ne and was Invited into a game of
cards in the rear room. Then the trouble
began. He claims two men attacked him.
overpowered him and kicked him in the
side. Jt'st how much coin Cofer lost is
not know,n. but it Is asserted that he was
relieved of several hundred dollars.
Sheriff Farley was apprised oi the con
dition of Cofer to-day and Instituted In
vestigation. From ali the proof obtain
able a plot si cined to have heen laid to
rob the man. and Delecker and EiehmH
!i !■ were arrested on suspicion. Eichmiller
acknowledged that he knocked Cofer
down ir the Bellevue saloon at 11:30
o'clock on Thursday night, but claimed
it was in self-def< use.
Both of the accused men have hereto
fore borne the best Of reputations.
RANGERS PROTECTING
MEXICAN PRISONERS
AT ETIN, Aup. 14.— Adjutant General
Scurry to-day received ;i telegrram Blating
that the detachment of State :t.iri/ -rs,
who were ordered to Hidalgo, Texas.
Baturdaj to protect the llvea of tha six
Mexican prison' rs, had reached that
place.
Tlu re is much excitement among the
Mexican population of that county and
across the Rio <ii;ui<!e in Mexico over the
torture inflicted upon the prisoners, and
a serious conflict may grow out of the
a flair.
LEAVES THE RAILS
WHILE IN A TUNNEL
REDDING. Aug. 14.— A locomotive on
the Iron Mountain Railway left the ratls
in a tunnel yesteoday afternoon, tore out a
lot of timbering, stripped itself and went
plunging out of the tunnel over an em
l-.'inkment into a deep ravine. Every one
of the train crew jumped. Conductor
Fred, Pratt was painfully injured by
alightir.g on a pile of rocks. The others
escaped with a few braises or without a
scratch. A" light sprinkle of r.iin had fall
en and the rails were slippery.
PERISHED IN THE MOUNTAINS.
One Man's Body Found and Search
Made for Another.
G.RESCENT CITY, Aug. 14.-The r, -
mains of a man w< re found several days
ago in the mountains on an old aban- ;
liuncd road leading from Cresccni City
to Josephine County. Oregon. An inquest
determined thai the body was that of '
William Klttercnan, an old man who for a
time was a. resident of this county. Kit- ;
terman was not considered as of sound
mind and lived a hermit life.
Investigation of this grewspme find led
to another discovery. A tent, which had
been deserted for several months and in
which were stored provisions and tools, as
if belonging to a prospector, was found
in a mountain fastness. It Is known that
the equipment did not belong to Kitter- '
man, as his camping outfit was found
with his body. A party lias gone out to
search the locality for the corpse of the
second unfortunate.
Instructed to Sue the State.
SANTA ROSA. Ai:g. 14.— District Attor
ney Webber was Instructed this afternoon
to proceed to collect moneys owed by ;h<-
State t<> Sonoma County for the c.i'rr of
orphans and half-orphans for a numbi ,
of years. The sum aggregates many thou
sands of dollars.
Fishing Craft Missing.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 14.— A sudden
storm in the gulf of Georgia did consid
erable damage to the salmon fishing fleet.
Seven boats are reported missing. One Jap
was drowned.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____ I
N * 2 M. I. S. T. N - 2
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUM
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early Indis-
cretion, Imparts Youthful Vlßor, Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forma of
Nervous Debility-PROMPT, SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele. Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Dlseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL CUftE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how lons standing:.
Will cure any case of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter
' If the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS IN
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Varicocele. : •
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Caneer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above, M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotar
Ataxia Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S: T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferer*.
It Is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It Is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
_______ ________ -^^^^^^-«— If you are suffering from any
R~y~~~ffj_ """P" 1 " ~ ~~~^~ "''^ chronic disease you are urged to
KB J& ! J L'• J write U9j no matter how many doc-
Arwii mfEP' KiKaaf^ KtßanwCS tor " or Kinds of nu-dlrir.«<s you have
M T&. -I M 1 tried without relief. WE GUARAN-
J9 B J M J TKK TU CTIRE YOU. That you
™* JBSbmBBBw  wmmiiiamtiß may Judge of the value of the Great
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one large case by mail FREE,
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving symptons.
Address M, I, S. T. Co,, Cor. Adams and Huron Streets, Toledo. 0,
DEWEY CONFINED
TO BED By FEVER
Captain of the Olympia
Receives Guests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"LEGHORN, Italy. Aug. 14.— Admiral
Dewey to-day remained on board his
: flagship, the Olympia, which arrived
! here at noon yesterday from Naples.
j The Admiral was confined to his bed
, by fever, and the captain of the vessel
I receive,! th" visits of officials and oth-
I ers in his place.
James A. Smith, the new United
! States Consul at Leghorn, accompanied
Iby Edward C. Cramer, the United
States Consul at Florence, visited the
Olympia to-day for the purpose of tak
ing leave of Admiral Dewey.
The newspapers Gazetta, I,ivornde
I and II Telegraf" of this place have pub
| lished biographies of the "hero of Ma
; niia Hay."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— The Navy
Department to-day received the fol
lowing letter from Admiral Dewey:
United States Flagship Olympia, Trieste.
! Austria Aue. i. IK©.— Sir: Leaving Trieste
s to-day I desire t"> bring tr> the attention |
of the department the uniform courtesy j
I and kindly feeling shown not only to me
; hut the ship ami its whole personnel as
] representing our country by the officials
: and people of Trieste and Austria. The
Austrian Minister of Marino arrived from
Vienna to welcome us officially and re
matned several days awaiting us. hut was
ohlißprl by his duties to return before our
arrival. Trie naval, military and civil of
! ncials stationed here have been most cor
j dial.
The people also have exhibited a most
friendly feeling toward our nation and
have visited the ship In larpe numbers.
It is estimated that 40.00) people attended
the funeral of Rask, an electrician, who
died in the hospital, and they showed
many marks'of sympathy.
Naval Constructor Capps. who visited
I the dockyard at Pola. was shown every
courtesy there, and also at the naval and
private shipyards of Trieste.
: I have the honor to he, very respect
! fully, GEORGE DEWEY,
Admiral, U. S. N.
PRESIDENT MITIGATES
SENTENCE OF WILCOX
He Will Be Heduced in Rank and Put
on Half Pay for One
Year.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 14.— The Navy
Departraent published to-day a general
I court-martial order respecting the trial of
| Paymaster \V. B. Wilcox at Mare Island
Navy Yard. Paymaster Wilcox was tried
! on a charge of "scandalous conduct tend
ing to the destruction of good morals."
| as a result nf his being "so much under
the influence of intoxicating liquors as
' to be unfit to report his arrival to the
commandant of Mare Island Navy Yard."
Wilcox pleaded guilty and was sen
i teneed to be dismissed, hut the President
I mitigated the sentence to reduction in
rank, "so thut his name shall be placed
! at the foot of the list of paymasters in
the navy yard and to receive naif pay foi
! one year." Mr. Wilcox consequently "loses
| fourteen numbers, double the loss su^
j tamed by Pay muster John Clyde Sullivan.
! who was dismissed from the navy in 1594
| and restored a few months ago in eompU
| ance. with an act of Congress. .
FIRES IN MONTANA.
Northern Pacific Depot and an Elec
tric Light Plant Destroyed.
ANACONDA. Mont.. Auk. 14.— The ware
house and depot of the Northern Pacific
at Big Timber were burned to-day. Nearly
all the freight was destroyed, including
two cars. The loss will be heavy.
The plant of the electric light company
at Glendlve was burned to the ground t!ii:<
morning. The cause is unknown. The
loss will be about $7000.
—jg-sggLj^ I Tvill guarantee
JSBCWJB^^W that my Kidney Cure
jßsWsfcjSHl •will cure 00 per rent.
I^^r"** B***^^^8 ***^^^ of all forms of kidney
£& "ygfe complaint and In
Jw .2PJSM many instances tfce
wm jWßH*yß3i3y most serious forms of
1 K^T Bright's disease. If
\ /*w&s9 *^ e disease la com-
\^>—^g«r plicated send a four-
>^. Tj^L ounce vial of Brine.
wmb-Z^i&W'tK We win analyze it
M^r^BSß^?^!^ and advise you free
At alt druggists, 280. a rial. Guide to Health
and medical adric" free. ISOS Arch st y Phil la.
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! 1
mm On account of ' -vlng Wl
gvL .closed up my Sacra- fi
"jT mento branch store I fa
\-\ offer to my patrons and Kg
jJnWt the public in general H
@3Jt&s£\ K'ooo worth of woolens, fa
mini which I wish to turn into H
JHHEHQK cash before my fall and fa
JB&(£ '~F*j!m winter stock comes In. «j
%^m!b£B^J See prices in the window. |ij
ffiyf JOE POHEIM, I
Islk^bV THE TAILOR. E|
Iftw 201-203 Montgomery St.. p|
«ll 1110-1112 Market st.. O
*| »1 San Francisco. pj
:J '| 1011 Washington St., I
jr^o^ k *■*•* South Poring St., Hj
3^ Los Angeles, Cal. fcjg
■iii iiiipwii ■ < ii i mi 1 1 —i iiunimnniT—
000000000000000000
o T i?.« PALACE A ' H -?o
g GRAND worELB ;
** Connected by a covered passageway. **
** 1400 Room?— 900 ts •; h Bath Attached. *»
O - All tinder One Management. * O
O HOTS TBS PHI CEP: ' O
O European Plan. f 1.00 per day and upward O
-^ American Plan. If «.<H> per day and upward _
© Correspondence Solicited. *■
O v lOliti 0. ZIP.XPATBICK. Maß»g»r. O
000000000 000 000000
v^^kW]^ ELECTRIC BELTS,
J&uSßrii&O&jjtfß^ I "rices from f3 50 to
'©WT?V>\>y-'Vt iTrS^SK 52- >. Largest manu-
ißvj -.' 1 . x s iSB lacturers ln th « Unl-
Unnt^Bif^sk- "" " rs ffwr trr * States. NnQuacK*
l l<s£iU ; >l-^?>i!7 connected with th:«
50 ?^-- tftabllshment.
/ J v_^^n^_ <f\» jr^r For particular*
]J^jK= call or send 2c la
/jT*. ' stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
OITOk 1 I 1 IB fl and Morphine Habits
4"^ ih I IWI Indian" or. ca cnaE,
i iWlu a S B.D. EIMMIS, 201 Tark
St., S»n Franc too.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM lAN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy: (fives health and
i strength to Mxual organs. Depot. Ml Markau
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
ami analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. '■"'•■ : -.V:> . ••• • .
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wriilt's Mian Yejetalile . Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cur«
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver. Weak . Stomach, Pi«.-
plea and purify the blood.LOSES HER
LIFE AFTER
SAVING MANY
Belle McKenzie Perishes in
the Burning Tuscan
Springs Hotel.
arouses"™ guests
When All Are in Safety She Goes
Back After Her Clothing and
Is Cut Off by the -Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RED BLUFF. Aug. 14.— The Tuscan
Spring! Hotel, eight miles east of Red
Kluff, was destroyed by fire at 1 o'clock
this morning. Miss Belle McKenzie,
an employe there for a number of years,
perished in the flames,, after bravely
' awakening everybody on the second
floor in time for them to escape. She
■was steeping on the porch back of the
kitchen, on the second floor, and' was j
awakened by the smoke. . She called one j
of the waiters and the latter awoke, j
R. 11..I 1 .. .Walbridge, the proprietor. They
took lire extinguishers and went to the •
second floor.
The tire . was roaring between the
ceiling of the lower story and the floor
of th second story. A terrific west
wind was blowing up the canyon, and
by this time the flames broke out in
the rooms over the kitchen and adjoin
ing the chimney from the kitchen
range.
The flames spread so rapidly that
eighty or m ■:• guests had barely time j
to escape, and very few saved trunks
or clothing. Within fifteen minutes the
entire building, including the new four
s!bry hotel just north of the kitchen,
the clubhouse, three cottages and the
bottling works, were in flames. .
Miss :.■ Kenzie awakened a - great
many guests, and emerged from the j
building unscathed. Then she went
back and when last seen was upstairs
in a closet, getting her clothing. A
guest from Sacramento called 10 her
and told her to let her clothing go and
pave herself. She must have become
bewildered and was cut off by the
flames. Her body was burned to a
The woman's heroic conduct, which
cost her her life, will long be re mem- i
hi red by those -..■ helped to save. Miss
McKenzie was a sister of Isaac Me- ,
Kenzie of Paynes Creek and was about j
Twelve workmen were sleeping in the j
upper story of the new hotel and some*
of them jumped to save their lives.
Charles Honeywell, a carpenter from
Sacramento, was badly burned on hand ,
and head. J. R. Ho well, a painter from
Sacramento, jumped nd alighted on
a tree, which was burning. This broke I
his fall and probably saved his life. His !
hack and- feet were badly burned.
The loss in clothing and jewelry by
the guests was considerable. Many
wont to their homes on the train this
morning, while others are still at the j
springs. Proprietor VValbridge places j
his less at i.OOO. with insurance of
$10,200. He did not have a dollar of in
surance on his new hotel, which.. was '
rwarrly reads' for -occupancy. It alone j
represents a loss' of from $10,000 to
$12,000.. Walbridge did not save even
a suit of clothing or a pair of. shoes.
, _rrr
FOREST FIRE STARTED BY
SMOKING OUT RATTLERS
Aged Prospector in the McCloud
District Fleeing From the
Wrath of the Law.
D.ING, Aug." 14.— great forest fire
Is spreading over the country lying be
tween the McCloud River and Castle i
<rag and the man said to be responsible I
for it is (teeing from the punishment the |
law inflicts for such offenses. Wesley j
Stanley; an aped prospector, started the :
fife: He prm into n den of rattlesnakes j
and w.is struck at repeatedly by the poi
sonous reptile?.. He put a match to the |
.Jry wood with the intention of burning j
outfthe snakes. The fire got away from |
him and went raging over the divide to- ;
ward Castle Cra?r. Stanley left the fol
lowinffiday with only a loaf of bread and !
a blanket. He bas neither been seen nor I
heard from since.' * - '
— _
KILAUEA SHOWS SIGNS
OF ANOTHER OVERFLOW
Natives Claim to Have Chased
Pele's Farmus Striped
Pig.
7.— Pele's stripM pit;.
: ■ aiians, was seen by |
Wailuku River, ;
I
tradition, mysteriously di3ap
s the Immediate cessation
• rflow of lava.
_ ..i by yesterdays
that KUlauea Is very active
msidered very n?ar.
DEATH OF ONE OF
HONOLULU'S PIONEERS
John Eabccck, an Old-Time Whaler
and Pilot, Passes Peacefully
Away.
HONOLULU. Aug. 7.— Captrtln William
. . :.. er whaler of the early
. | away on the
ge of 83. He was born
in New London, Conn., In IMB. For many
-' k!«>w:i !
I ,ts. He leaves two children—John
man. Hia
led.
BUSINESS SECTION OF
BEREA DESTROYED
— _ .-«-■*.;>.
Disastrous Fire Caused by the Explo
sion of Gasoline in a ; Repair
Shop.
• CLEVELAND. Aug. 14.— A fire which
started about noon to-day destroyed a !
large part of the business section of
Berea; a village fourteen miles southwest
of this city Twenty-one business places
were burned. . ;^:_
The fire was caused by the explosion or
gasoline in a bicycle repair. shop. An en
gine was taken from this city on a spe
cial train and the tire was got under con
trol about 4 o'clock. The loss will be
about . 0,000, with no insurance.
*
STEAMSHIP RESOLUTE
SUNK IN A COLLISION
.
Several Lives Lost Through a Clash
of Two Vessels in East Indian
Waters.
LONDON, Aug. 14.— A dispatch from 1
Calcutta says that the survey steamship
IJ-fsolute was sunk in collision with the
British steamer Scindia, last reported j
from Calcutta on July 9 for Bombay.
Several liv»s were lost in the disaster.
CALCUTTA, Aug. 14.— The Resolute had
a half-dozen European officers and a crew
o( about sixty natives aboard. The chief
officer, second and third engineers and
some natives were saved, but the remain
ci.er of those on board are missing.
FRA>K LANDIS, WHCSE DEATH MYSTIFIES LINCOLN.
LINCOLN, Aug. 14.— The mystery surrounding the deatn of Frank
Landis the younj who was found dead in his store, has not yet
been solved. Citizens of The town who are not in accord with the suicide
theory have started an investigation, and hints thrown out convey the im
i. that some cl< w pointing to the fact that JLandis was murdered has
been found.
JAPANESE REFUSE
TO EMIGRATE TO
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Aug. 7.— ln regard to
the matter of the Galician laborers, im
prisoned in Oahu Jail under the penal
labor contract laws, I am now in a po
sition to state, on a basis of authority,
that the statements published l>y a
San Francisco paper are about as base
less as the fake story published by the
saint- paper of the destruction of
Greater Hilo.
It was evidently unknown to the sen
sationalista that as far back as last
April an Investigation was comm<
by the United States Government at
the request of a prominent national
association and that an official report
was forwarded to that association from
the Secretary of State's Department
last month. In its preparation the in- !
jatora were assisted by the local;
government and the consular forces of
the countries to which the men be
longed.
This statement Is not made in justifl- |
cation of the imprisonment and contin
uance In prison of these men. The men I
are there and cannot legally be pardon
ed under the iniquitous laws which are
almost universally condemned in Ha- |
waii in these days.
It is curious and beneficial, however,
to note the change in popular feeling In
regard to these laws since 1872. In that
year they were even tar more Btringent
and cruel to the employe than to-day
when, nominally, at least, the laborer
has some rights which his employer is
bound to respect if he can find the op
portunity to protect himself before an
• court and procure the necessary
witnesses— not invariably an easy task
in the face of plantation Influence. In
the Legislature of 1872 there was a
small minority of honest, upright, lib- j
eral minded men who risk-! loss of
lif< and destruction of property by op
posing these laws and who suffered
much in wealth, position and influence
In so doing.
Curiously enough in the light of
demagogic attacks upon him by the re- j
irrivals, one of the most promi
nent of these men who aided the brave
minority under the leadership of J. < ».
Carter was the present Chief Justice
A. P. Judd, who on th>- floor of the |
Legislature denounced the law as "a
slave law."
It is to be presumed that no one is ;
desirous of injuring the staple indus- <
Try of suear. which is the present lif* ,
of the land, but only of reducing the
THE JOHN R. KELLY DRIVEN
ASHORE IN THE FALKLANDS
PORT TOWNSEND. Aug. 14.— Details of the wreck of the American ship John R. Kelly on May 25 at Port Wil
liam, the outer harbor at Pert Stanley, Falklands, have reached here by mail. While off Cape Horn the Kelly
encountered a severe storm, which shifted her cargo and caused the vessel to spring a leak. In this condition
she put back to Port Stanley for repairs and anchored In the outer harbor c-n May 25. Captain Chapman
and his family went ashore, and that night a heavy northwest storm came up, causing the Kelly to drag her anchor.
She was driven ashore and wrecked.
The John R. Kelly was loaded with railroad iron and machinery from New York for San Francisco. The wreck
was sold for $200.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
system of its cultivation to one which
wiii benefit the whole country rather
will benetit tne wnoie country Joiner
than the people directly interested in it.
Day by day the thought is becoming
rnore pressing and prominent. How la
Hawaii to become Americanized with
so predominant and continuously in
creating- an Asiatic population, of
which so large a propSr&m will be
come permanent and antagonistic to
: our ideas and customs of civilization?
. There is too much anxiety for the spec- i
ulative results of the passing hour for
many to devote much thought to the ;
future but our legislators should re
fleet that a powerful Japanese colony
.£ Hawaii is as equally dangerous un
der annexation as it threatened to be
under the monarchy.
In connection with this Japanese im
migration a curious thing happened on
the sth inst. The steamer Columbia ar- :
rived in port with only 72 on board in- ,
stead of 700. as anticipated, much to
the disappointment of the planters and
the immigration agents. The excuses
given are that the Japanese Govern
ment interfered and made the passport
regulations SO much more stringent
that there was no opportunity afforded
of getting men for this steamer. Other
reasons are given, such as business
rivalry between opposition immigra
tion companies and the desire of Japan
gSSffffiS ffSfflSt^S^SS i
further still that certain important ne
conations in reference to immigration i
to Hawaii are pending between the j
United States and Japan. Should the
motive, which we expect to learn from
}£ ta ss^&ltsffi
will suffer considerably.
Hon.' S. M. Damon has published a
statement .in reference to the Italians !
in his employ, and he is the only em
ployer of Italians in this country. The
e^en^f S^ha^ov^^tn "tJS
It has been my endeavor since June,
it has been my endeavor since June,
1897 to promote the cause of Italian im
„,:„',,:' tn q. wft i| knowing that the
lar to those of portions of Italy, especi
ally of the norhern part, lam convinced
that when, not only ten but hundreds I
and thousands of Italians shall have
taken up their abode on these islands
a great prosperity to this country will
ensue, and I feel confident that no J
Italian peasant, with or without his j
family will ever regret making this j
his home. Wherever the vine and fig :
tree grow there the Italian can make a j
home and a living, at least I am sure ;
it is so on these islands." I
HURRICANE
IS GRADUALLY
DYING AWAY
Is Passing Up the Coast, but
Is Not Expected to Do
Any Further Damage.
RELIEF SHIP STARTS
Is Carrying All Available Food and
Ciothing Supplies to the Suf
ferers in the islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— The West
Indian hurricane which for almost a
week has been raging in the West In
dies has modified in intensity and is
now designated as a tropical storm, i
it appears to be moving up the Atlan
tic Coast, and the Weather Bureau has
directed that storm signals he extended
northward to Atlantic City, where by
to-morrow morning the wind may
reach 30 miles an hour. To-day at Sa
vannah it blew 14 miles and at Charles
ton 40 miles, while in Florida points j
over which the disturbance is slowly |
passing the wind ranged blow 15 miles. ;
The storm is central to-night near the
Georgia coast.
ROOT APPEALS TO THE
GOVERNORS FOR AID
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— Secre
tary of War this afternoon issued the
following appeal to Governors of States
for aid for the storm sufferers in Porto
Rico:
Sir: T inclose herewith copies of two
telegraphic dispatches received last even
ing- from the Governor General of Porto
Rico, by which it appears that the devas
tation wrought by the recent hurricane in
that island is even greater than was at
first supposed. It is evident that a great
multitude of people rendered utterly des
mm, by this awful calamity must be fed
eared for during a considerable pe
j»™ v] . iq they can nave the opportunity
jto produce food for themselves. Enor
mO us quantities of supplies of the kind in
dicated by the Governor General must be
procured.
The magnitude of the work to be ac-
S^fsVfThe principal cities of the eoun
m / by a more general appeal, and I beg
you t * o ask tne people of your State to
contribute generously to the relief of the
people of Porto Rico.
Swift steamers have been provided to
leave the port of New York to carry the
!,..*< .r- -tly " P£™° Rico as "* "
contributions should be either in supplies
o tr)( , character Indicated or in money, in
order that the supplies can be purchased.
The supplies should be sent to Colonel F.
B. Jones, Army building, foot of V\ hue
ball street New York &ty in ■jw*a*»
?ft2 the' Sme^f
nlpment
- j& one y should be sent to the National
Bank of North America, New York City,
which has been designated as a depository
for the relief fund. Very respectfully,
C E V !*.!■,- of War
... • Secretary of War.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Allen
to-day wrote Secretary Root that the
navy desired to co-operate in every
|k it could in rendering assistance to
the storm stricken people of Porto Rico
and tendering a warship to be placed at
tne disposal of the War Department if
jit was desired to convey supplies to the
j,, d Th ff doubtless will be ac
cepted, as every available means is be
ing adopted to hurry along the great
stock of supplies which is imperatively
needed. Mr. Allen is In telegraphic
communication with several naval sta
tionß wlth a view to having a ship
ready as soon as the War Department
:ms dispatch to-day. the follow
ing dispatch to-da>.
GRAND MERE, Quebec, Aug. 14.-Hon.
EHhu Root, Secretary of War, Washing-
e \Un^/° U to " da R Ti° L r GER rtO
Rico relief ru " d -
Secretary Root replied:
General R. A. Alger, Grand Mere. Que
bee—Thanks for your generous contribu
tion to Porto Rican relief I trust you
are rapidly regaining your health
Secretary of War
secretary -or war.
The committee organized in T\ ash
ington to secure and forward relief to
the people of Texas has decided to
give way entirely to the Porto Ricans
and will solicit no more aid for Texas.
DEATH CLAIMS W. H. RICKARD, THE
NOTED HAWAIIAN REVOLUTIONIST
HONOLULU, Aug. 7.— William H. Rickard died at Honokaa, Hawaii,
on the 2d inst. He was one of the martyrs to Hawaii's lost cause
whose health was destroyed through imprisonment In Oahu jail on
account of his participation in the unsuccessful royalist revolution
against the successful republican revolutionists. IK- was tried and
found guilty of attempting-to land arms and sentenced to death for
treason. Subsequently this was reduced to thirty-five years' imprisonment
and a fine of $10,000. After about a year's Imprisonment he was pardoned
out. ruined in health and estate, lif was a Cornishman by birth, but
devoted to the cause of the Hawaiian race for thirty years. He was true
as steel and dearly beloved by all honest men for his sterling and upright
qualities. He was an excellent legislator and a good, practical business
man. He was also one of thr- pioneer sugar planters at Hamakua and
Honokaa. Since his release from Imprisonment he practiced law and worked
on his coffee plantation. He leaves a widow, two brothers, a large family of
children and grandchildren and the who!" native Hawaiian people to mourn
his loss. He was high in the order of Masons and Knights of Pythias and 53
years old.
HOBSON WANTS A
REPAIR STATION
Full Report on the Work
Accomplished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— Naval
Constructor Richmond H. Hobson was
heard from by the Navy Department
to-day, for the first at any length since
he was assigned to duty in charge of
the Spanish ships raised from Manila
harbor and now undergoing repairs at
I Hongkong. His report is unusually in
teresting, dealing in general questions,
such as the need of a large dockyard
in the Orient, the increasing shipping
at Manila and the prospect that Manila
j will succeed Hongkong as the em
porium of the East, the value of Chin
ese labor in all branches of industry.
etc. He says also, the three Spanish
ships which are completed, will be
worth to the Government about $<)b<.
--000, and he contemplates trying to
raise three more Spanish vessels now
at the bottom of Manila bay. The let
ter is addressed to Rear Admiral Hich
born, chief of the Bureau of Construc
tion, and Is dated at Hongkong, July
17. He says:
In compliance with the bureau's direc
tions. I inclose a special report > »n the
raising and repairing of the Spanish ves
sels sunk in Manila Hay.
The three vessels under construction,
the Isla de Cuba. Jslu de Luzon and Don
Juan de Austria, are about at equal stages
lof completion, which 1 estimate to I"*
i about SO per cent compared with the ves
sels fitted out ready for sea. The bat
teries and electric plant, which have not
' arrived, will doubtless be the last items. I
! estimate that the time of completion will
be about six weeks after the arrival of
the armament and electric plant.
I estimate the value of these vessels,
when completed, exclusive of armament,
!to be about as follows: Isla ue Cuba-
Hull, fittings and outfit. $140,000; ma
ehinerv, $75,000; total. $215.01)0. Isla de
Luzon— Hull, etc., $140 .ouu: machinery.
475 000; total, $215,000. Don Juan de Aus
tria—Hull etc., $125,000; machinery, $55,000:
totaJ SlMi.ooo. Tota" estimated value of
three vessels, $610,000.
He then shows that the raising and
refitting has cost about $343,000, mak
ing a net gain to the Government on
! the three vessels of $306,000. He gives
the credit for these results to Naval
Constructor Capps, who made the con
tracts.
Mr. Hobson speaks of the general
good condition of the vessels and says:
This is particularly the case with the
i parts that remained eompiet< !y aub-
I merged. Thus large engine parts were
.scarcely injured at all.
This feature has an important bearing
upon the wrecks still In Manila Bay.
' which I expect to examine with divers
i when the vessels now in hand are com
peted. The longer period that they havfl
been immersed may not have seriously
injured the principal parts and there may
lie similar advantage to the Government
In further salvage, particularly as to the
Don Antonio de Ulloa and th° Velasco'.
-istiT ships to the Don Juan de Austria,
which, from all accounts, suffered : sa
damage than those that have been raited.
Mr. Hubsnn then urges the desirabil
ity of a well-equipped United States
dockyard in the Far East as, he says,
the cost c-f private work is very high.
He adds:
There -would be great advantage to the
Government in the establishment In the
Philippines of a yard thoroughly equipped
with docks and a plant capable <>f doing
all the work of docking and repairing of
the navy. The British Government is un
dertaking such an establishment here,
though at great cost. Involving the mak
ing or reclaiming of a large part of the
land required.
Attention should be called, however, to
the fact that the success and advantage
of such an establishment, as. indeed, the
success of any Industrial establishment in
this part of the Orient, would necessitate
the employment of Chinese labor. This
labor is not only unlimited in supply, but
tt la equal to practically all the require
ments of modern industry.
YELLOW FEVER IS
SPREADING IN MEXICO
All Travelers From the South Are
Being Detained at the Texas
Border.
AUSTIN. Aug. 14.— State Health Officer
Blunt to-day received a letter from
United States Marine Hospital Service
Surgeon Turpine, stationed in the City
of Mexico, announcing that the yellow
fever epidemic in the cities of Cordova
and Orizaba. Mexico, is growing worse.
There have been a great many deaths
from the disease, and large numbers of
new cases are reported daily. The epi
demic continues to decrease at Vera <'ruz.
nil travelers coining from points south of
the Citj of -M< sico fii route to the I'nited
■ detained at the Texas border
in .strict quarantine for a period of ten
days.
PETTIGREW SAYS THE
WAR SHOULD BE ENDED
Only Honorable Course to Turn the
Islands Over to the
Natives.
CHICAGO. Aug. 14.— "This Government
should recall every soldier 'in the Philip
pines immediately, apologize to the world
for the error we have made and then turn
the islands over to a native government."
United States Senator R. F. Pettigrew of j
South Dakota, who was in Chicago on his '
way Kast from his homo in Sioux Falls,
gave the foregoing a? in his opinion the
only honorable course for this country to
pursue in the Orient. Senator Pettigrew ,
paid: "This civilizing war talk is all ai
sham. Any people can maintain as -good
a government, as they have a right to
have, and you cannot give them a better i
one."
STEAMER ASHORE ON
CORREGIDOR ISLAND
She Is Believed to Be the United
States Cable Ship
Hooker.
TiOXDON, Aug. 14.— Lloyds has received
a dispatch from Manila saying that a
T'niu-d States Government steamer is
ashore near the mouth of Corregidor har
bor; ai the entrance to Manila Hay.
The dispatch gives the vessel's name as
''Smoker, which is an error in cabling.
It is probable that the steamer referred
to in the foregoing dispatch is the United
States cable ship Hooker.
CHEAP FARES ANNOUNCED.
Los Angelenos May Witness the Ar
iival of the First.
TX>S AXGELES, Aug. 14.— The Southern
Pacific Railway Company announced to
day that it will make a round-trip rate
from Los Angeles to San Francisco of $15,
so that people may go to witness the ar
rival of the returning California Volun
teers. The date of sale of the tickets will
be made known to-morrow. It is ex
pected the soldiers will arrive about
August 2". The tickets will be good for
five days, provided the arrival of the
troops is not delayed.
UwpmX- When it comes to a question of 1 , |||i
tai'or-made clothes, you know what Jijl ■_'■; /■■'[ji.lll,
privileges tailors give, but did you ever |j |
I ~ -~~—^^^ hear of any
other tailor
-rvre»v a•■ """""*} Kivin? his
|& Aff-yVQAf / customers
• p rvjL a 'a I the protec- I
\ suit:
v— - Suit kept in repair free for one
jls y ear "
' ' • W e don't do this just to be dif-
HgU||£^g9g ferent from other tailors — we do
■jJMagßpifjffly it because we have enlire faith
V^jSßjßgSy >" every suit we make.
-;/" - Write or call for samples of
y^BffiwjßS our Sio suits.
Self-measurement blank is sent
fsjiigi sH t0 those who cannot come in for
;1; bß*£3? &£**!& measuriment.
Nrala WBSBm I '
1 S, N. WOOD & CO.,
$£031 ~s&i 7' B Marktt Street aad .
ioE '/ "BUttt "' i ■';
Hssaß " >hbK ; •
ENCOUNTER
WITH FILIPINOS
AT QUINGUA
Insurgent Forces Under Del
Pilar Scattered With
Heavy Loss.
AX AMERICAN KILLED
The Rebels Were Attempting to
Destroy the Railroad Between
Bocave and Biga.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Aug. 15.— A force of United
States troops from Quingua, four miles
northeast of Malolos, and from BaHuag.
near Bustos, about six miles northeast
of Quingua, encountered a body of in
surgents about half way between Bus
tos and Quingua. In the engagement
that ensued, the Filipinos were severely
punished and scattered. The Ameri
cans lost one man killed. The insur
gents' force is believed to have been
under the command of General Paolo
del Pilar and to have had in view the
tearing up of the railway between
Bocave and Biga, about three miles
from Bulucan.
A battalion of the Twenty-first In
fantry will be sent to those points this
afternoon to strengthen the railroad
guard and to reconnoiter the country
in the direction of Norzagaray and on
the Bustos road.
General Wheaton. with troops at
Calulut, made a reconnoissance on An
geles, about four miles to the north
west, where he found 500 of the enemy.
He silenced their fire and then returned
to Calulut.
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS
IMPRISONED AT VIGAN
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— The Secre
tary of the Navy to-day received the fol
lowing from Admiral Watson at Manila:
"Escaped Spanish prisoners report that
Gilmore and thirteen other Americans —
eight sailors and five soldiers — are con
fined at Vigan. Four of the soldiers are.
In the hospital with sore legs. Gilmore is
being well treated. The supplies sent by
Admiral Dewey were never received.
"WATSON."
OTIS' LATEST LIST
OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, Au?. 14.— General
Otis has reported the following deaths
in his command:
Drowned— July 20, Patrick Duffy, cor
poral Company H, Twenty-first Infan
try: William Stafford, Company H,
Twenty-fir^t Infantry; August 7. Albert
Peruitski, Company A, Twenty-first In
fantry.
Dysentery — Thomas Maloney, Com
pany E, Seventeenth Infantry; Walter
E. Hutchinson. Company A. Fifty-first
Iowa: Frederick S. Bailey, Company B,
Twelfth Infantry.
Typhoid fever— William Kunzig, Com
pany B. Sixth Infantry; — Rodney,
Company B. Fifty-first Iowa; Frank J.
Halfey, Company E, Twelfth Infantry.
Arterial scleresls— Joseph Walker.
Company M. Fourth Cavalry.
Emanayea— Alvin Elder, corporal
Company G, Third Infantry.
Erysipelas— Gilbert Smith. Company
E. Seventh Infantry.
Enteritis — Emil Jessiam, Company X,
Third Artillery.
From wounds in action — Nicholas
Nolan, Company D, Seventeenth Infan
try.
FOOD FOR SUFFERERS
FROM THE HURRICANE
NEW YORK. Aug. 14.— The transport
: MoPherson. with a cargo of supplies for
i the storm sufferers of Porto Rico, left her
s pier in Brooklyn this afternoon. About y
\ two-thirds of the original cargo of army'
i supplies was left behind to make room for
the quantities of rice, beans and grain.
i ciothing, lumber, etc., required tor the.
! immediate necessity of the svfferer;. Ip
to within a quarter of an hour of sailing
voluntary donations kept piling in. It is
expected that San Juan will be reached
j not later than Friday nighT.
Romana Declared, President.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. Aug. 14.— At the close of an ex
citing session to-day, the Peruvian Con
gress formally approved the recent Presi
dential election and proclaimed Eduardo
Rnmina President and Senores Alzamora
and Bresanl First and Second Vice Presi
dents respectively.
34
COLUMBIA TOO
FAST FOR THE
OLD DEFENDER
One More Victory for
the New Yacht.
WINS IN DECISIVE MANNER
OUTFOOTS AND OUTPOINTS THE
RIVAL CRAFT.
"Queen of the Fleet" Gains Twenty
Seconds on Each Mile of a
Thirty-Eight Mile
Course.
Spa lal Dispatch to The Oa.ll.
NEW POUT, R. L, Aug. 14.— The
yacht Columbia added another victory
r already splendid record to-day
by defeating Defender 13 minutes and
7 seconds over a thirty-efeht-mile
Anaorita defeated Colonia,
ijuizetta and Ariel in the schooner
class, finishing 12 seconds ahead of the
Colonia and winning the race by 1 min
ute 14 seconds, corrected time. The
j>rizes were two magnificent cups, val
-1 $500 and $1000 each for the sloop
and BCho< ■•-' respectively, of
fered by John Jacob Astor.
Columbia sailed a splendid race and
showed that in light air she is many
minutes faster than Defender. On
every leg of the course she made gains
over Defender, and this was more no
ible on the first leg, whdeh was a
spinnaker run of 13% miles. On the
<1 les, which promised t«> be at the
outset a dead beat to windward of is
miles, Columbia showed again that ?he
could both outfoot and outpoint the
.Oder boat. The wind shifted several
points at a time until it had swung
from northwest to almost southeast.
This did not materially affect the posi
■ti'jris of the racers, except on the wind
ward work, and then a sudden change
from about northeast to east illustrated
■what a great difference a sudden shift
will make as regards the position of
the leader.
After rounding the Block Island mark
the Columbia started to beat to
West Island mark bemt, with a lead of
two minutes and forty seconds over the
nder. The Columbia immediately
tacked to port and headed on toward
The Point Judith shore. The Defender
I in Columbia's wake- and fullo'.v
--i d her for over a half hour.
In the meantime the fmir schooners
had rounded' the leeward mark and
stood out to sea on a port tack. The
iuntered a favorable shift of
j had been sailing about
thiity minutes, on that tack.
The Defender was about six minutes
behind the Columbia when she tacked
under the lee o-f the Columbia. But in-
Btead of following her fast rival, Cap
tain Rhoad.es stood out to sea and
found that there was some advantage
in be gained by so doing.
When the Defender finally came
about on the starboard tack it was seen
that siie had lessened th>- distance be
and the Columbia by
■ two minutes, and later, on this
- . Bhe got another favor
shift, which helped her immensely.
The Columbia made great speed with
- flattened and at the West Island
mark had added three minutes five
Is to her lead.
< <n the home run Defender tried to
cany a spinnaker, but when Captain
dcs found that in order to kec-p
it full he would have to head away off
the course he dropped it below deck
in a hurry. Columbia, on rounding the !
weather mark, set her bLg balloon jib
::nd • it pu ndidly, but in addi
tion to this Captain Barr set a balloon
stay sail, which helped wonderfully.
Experts who fisured out Columbia's
say that she had beaten Defender
at the rat' • :- every mile
<if the course sailed. Columbia gained
( n the first leg 6 minutes i r > seconds; on
the second leg, 3 minut'-s 5 seconds; on
I Ird leg, 3 minutes 47 seconds. Co
lumbia won by 13 minutes 7 seconds.
Any yacht belonging to the club
which had made any of the squadron
runs may sail in cruising trim for the
"wind-up cups." There will be a prize
In each class. Columbia and Defender
sail in racing trim.
Summary of to-day's sloop race:
uinWa— Start, 10:58:49; finish, 3:57:08;
elapsed time, i : •
nder— Start, L0:K:20; finish, 4:06:46;
d time, 5:13 :26.
THREE NOSES AT THE WIRE.
Close Finish in a Handicap Event at
... Highland Park.
•DETROIT, Aug. ll f — The Highland Park
meeting opened to-day under auspicious cir
cumstances. The weather was ideal, the track
fast and the attendance large. The special
feature of the clay was a $400 mile handicap,
and It resulted in a stirring finish. It went
t'-> W. liicksnn's Red Pirate, who just nosed out
Jim:McGibbori. with Hugh McCarren's Kin only
a nose further away in third place: Results:
Six furlongs— Flying Bess won, Tobe Payne
second, Aurea third. Time, 1:14.
Four and one-half furlongs, selling— Two An
ni'-s won, Barbarian second, Slnnemabone
third. Time. :56.
Four and one-half furlongs— lsabinda won,
neda' second, Clonkilly third. Time, :56.
Five a"nd one-half furlongs, selling— Looram
won, John Boone second, Dannie J -third
Time, 1:08%.
One mile— Red Pirate won, Jim McGlbbon ■
second, Em thiid. Time. 1:42%.
One mile, selling— is won, Manzanllla '
second. Don third. Time, 1:14%.
ST. l-OUIS, Aug. 14.— The Fair Grounds track |
■>• -is sloppy and holding. to-day. Results:
Five and one-half furlongs— Fltzhugh
won, Rose earn in second, May dine third I
Time, 1:13',.
One mil'er.-Hlttick won, Friesland second,
Aunt Maggie third. Time. 1:48.
Six furlongs, selling— Tom Klngsley won
Mamie '.- second, Dolore third. Time, 1:18%
Six furlongs Frank Bel! won. The Chemist
second. Good Hope third. Time, 1:17%.
one and one-sixteenth miles, selling— Banish
won. Forget Not second. Moralist third. Time
l-.-r.314.
Six furlongs— Necklace won, Dlser second
Ferro! third. Time, 1:19%;
CHICAGO, Aug\ 14.— There was another big
crowd at the Hawthorne races to-day. Weath
er clear; track good. Results: .
Six furlongs, selling— Pat Cleburne -won,
Owyhee ' second, Little Jack Homer third
Time, 1:15%.
Six and one-half furlongs— Benneville won
Maceo second, Ca-nova third. Time, 1:20%.
Mile and a quarter— Harry Natter won, Mar
cato second. Jelly Roger third. Time, 2:08%. !
Steeplechase, short course— Boanerges won, '
Clifton B secono. Jack Hayes third. Time,
2:48%. -**-;<•■> ,-■.;-,
Five and one-half furlorrgs— San Cecilia' won,'
Zaza second, St. Ivor third. Time. 4:08&
One mile, selling— Fair Deceiver won, Tap
pan second, Eon Jour third. Time, 1:42. .
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 14.— The track had
dried on top to-day, but was sticky and bold
ing; Results:
one mile— Mai won. Exit second, Belle of
Troy third. Time, 1:43*4.
Six furlongs— Tar Hill won. Decimal second.
Posthaste third. Time, 1:16%.
One mile and an M-ndowthorpe won,
Blueaway second. Beau [deal third. Time, 1:55.
Seven furlongs— Kinnikinnirk won, St. Clair
second. Skyscraper third. Time, 1:28%.
Five furlongs — Gulden won, Mynheer second,
Frandoo third. Time, 1:02%. v-'.VW
» ..
Accident to the Meteor.
PORTSMOUTH, England, Auk. 14.— The
Royal Albert Yacht Club regatta off
Southsea, to-day opened with a race be
tween the yachts Bona. Rainbow find Em
peror William's Meteor. While trying to
weather the Bona the Meteor enrrif?'!
away her fofXlMti pear aii'l KHve up the
race. -
. : » ♦ ■ ••
Ocean Water Tub Baths. ■.>:•.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
SEVEN HEATS
BEFORE A WINNER
IS ANNOUNCED
Splendid Racing at
Santa Rosa.
LISTERINE TAKES 2:40 TROT
TWO HEATS EACH FOR ELEANOR
ANN AND TICKETS.
Addison Annexes the 2:19 Trot and
the Pace Goes Over, Dandelion
Having Two Firsts to
His Credit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 14.— Superb
' weather, a splendid track and one of the
largest crowds ever assembled at the
local race course ushered in the opening
j day of the harness meeting in this city
| under the auspices of the Pacific Coast
Trotting- Horse Breeders' Association.
A local horse walked off with the first
two heats in the 2:40 trot and when th«
flyers were retired for a rest and the 2:19
trot was called another local high stepper
took the first heat away from a field of
eleven of the beat horses in the State.
At 4 o'clock Santa Rosa horses had won
every heat trotted.
The opening event was the 2:40 trot,
I best three in five, and a purse of $1000
j awaited the winner. "When the bell first '
rang seven horses were under the wire.
i McGregor & Hockin's bay mare, Eleanor
I Ann, by Illustrious-Black Bess, took the
first heat in 2:19 and had several lengths
to spare. She won the second heat in ■
2:19% in about the same manner. Frank !
McGregor himself was up behind her and
as the mare came down the line the Santa
Rosa spectators fairly went wild. When
: it came to the third heat, however, the
little lady was tired and failed to keep
up. J. B. Stetson's mare, Tickets, took
a heat and Charles Clarke's Listerine fol
lowed with two. Tickets got another and '
all except those three were sent to their !
stables. •
It was three horses out and two heats j
to each. Each driver had "blood in his
eye." The three racers came down neck j
and neck and had an ideal start. Llaterine !
finished first and took the race. Eleanor ;
Ann came in second and captured second ;
money, and Tickets got third money.
The second race was the 2.19 trot, best \
two in three, for a purse of $1000. Eleven
horses were in the field. W. H. Lums
den's brown mare Myrtle took the first :
heat in 2:13^ without any trouble, but T. i
J. Crowley's black horse Addison took
the nest two in 2:15^4 and 2:19, winning the
race and first money. The Santa Rosa
mare took second money, as she finished :
second in the second heat.
The third and last race was the 2:30 ;
pace, best three in five. For this event j
$1000 had been hung up. Ten side-wheeler* |
started, and when four heats had been
paced it was announced that on account
of the lateness of the hour the race would
be put over till to-morrow.
The spectators certainly had a run for
their money to-day, and great things ore '
expected of to-morrow's programme. The |
races will continue the entire week. The i
city is crowded with strangers, and ■ the |
success of the meeting assured. The sum
maries follow;
2:40 class trot, three in 5; purse, $1000.
Listerine, by Athadon-Lus
terine (Clarke) 6 4 13 4 11
Kleannr Arm (McGregor) 114 4 5 3 2'
Tickets (Sawyer) 2 5 3 1 1 2 3
Psyche (Berry) 3 2 2 2 3
McNally (Hoy) .........;.; -4-3 6 5 2
Juan Chico (Rodriguez) 5 <i 5 6 8
Bird Catcher (Webster) distanced
Time— 2:l9, 2:19 U. 2:17%. 2:20%. 2:21%. 2:2114 i
2:25. Psyche, McNally and Juan Chieo Rent
to stable after fifth heat for .not winning a '
heat In five.
2:19 class trot, two In three; purse, $1000.
Addison, by James Madison (Laf
ferty) 5 11
Myrt'e (Hassey) 12 3
Alex B (Webster) 3 3 21
Lynall (Hogaboom) 7 4 5 I
Dolly D (Abies) 4 7 7
Athavis (Mizner) 6 8 6
Brice (McNeil) 8 6 7 '
Central ' Girl (Nelson) 2 5 dist
Phelby (Rodriguez) distanced ,
Guy Vernon (Hammond) distanced
Dr. Frayse (Bunch) distanced i
Time— 2:l3^. 2:15%. 2:19.
2:30 pace, three in five; purse, $1000.
Dal dad lon, Dlablo-Grace (Tyron) 116
"Wild Nulling (Dona than) 3 4j 1
Mrytha Whips (Hellman) 2 2 2
Gaff Topsail (Maben) 6 7 4
Connie (Baker) 4 8 &
Sable le Grand (Brown) 7 5 5 \
Capt. Hackett (Lapham) 6 9 8
Winnie Wilkes (Brown) 8 6 7
El Diablo (Durfee) 9 10 3'
Key Direct (Kent) -....10 3 9 ;
Time— 2:14, 2:18. Race put over until
Tuesday.
: = .
NATIONAL LEAGUE CONTEST.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet ''
Brooklyn ...83 34 . .649; Chicago 53 44 546
Boston 61 86 .829! Plttsburg ...48 51 '4*5
Philadelphia 61 39 .610 < Louisville ..42 65 .443
Baltimore ...58 39 .597 New Y0rk. ..41 54 423
: Cincinnati ..54 43 .555J Washington 35 64 .354
St. Louis — .'4 44 .5511 Cleveland ...17 So .167
BROOKLYN, Aug. 14.— Brooklyn took the last j
game with the Louisvilles to-day after a hot
struggle, winning the series by 11 to 3. Swart- j
wood made a peculiar decision in the sixth. !
Farrell sent up a fly that Clark held momen- i
tarily, but dropped the ball in starting to
throw. Swartwood allowed the out. but Brook- i
lyn scored the winning run after the decision. i
Attendance, 2100. Score:
Club— R. H. K.
Louisville 2 5 3
Brooklyn 4 12 0
Batteries — Cunningham and Zlmraer; Kennedy i
and Farrell. Umpires — Swartwood and Mc- :
Donald.
BOSTON, Aug. 14.— Phillips grot badly rattled j
i in the seventh. to-day after two were out and
i gave two passes to first, which, with two sin- '
gles and Duffy's lucky double-clinched the game i
for Boston. A lightning triple play In the first ;
' prevented Boston from scoring. With three on
I bases Stelnfeidt jumped Into the air and :
I brought down Collins' liner, tagged third and !
1 threw to McPhee. retiring the side. Umpire
Gaffney'a decisions caused a good deal of "kick
: Ing." Attendance, 4000. Score:
Club— R. H. E. I
Boston 8 C 2!
Cincinnati 3 9 8]
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; Phillips and i
Peitz. Umpire — Gaffney.
NEW YORK. Aug. 14.— game to-day was
! dull and uninteresting. The visitors made a j
j bid for victory In the lam inning, but were j
Stopped after scoring two runs. Attendance, j
400. bops:
Clu' It. H. E. I
New York 7 11 2 i
Cleveland !"!;!!!!!!!!.!...!. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 6 11 I
Batteries— and Warner; Hughey and )
Sugden. Umpires— Emslle and Wilson.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 14.— The Orioles pulled I
■ out a. forlorn hope against the Plttsburgers to- i
i day In the third inning, when with the score i
! 7 to 0 against them, they batted Tannehlll out
!of the box. Sparks did not fare much better,
■ and the game was clinched before he warmed :
up. Attendance, 1651. Score:
' Club- R. H. E.
Pittsburg 9 14 5
Baltimore 14 9 ■: - 4]
(Called at the end of the seventh inning on
account of darkness.)
Batteries— Tannehill, Sparks and Schrlver;
McGlnety, McKenna, Howell and Robinson.
Umpires— Manassau and McGarr.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 14.— Chicago outbat
ted and outficlded the Phillies to-day, but an
I unlucky inning In which the visitors made two |
errors and the locals three hits allowed Phila- I
delphia to win. Attendance, 4682. Score:
: Club— ', R. H. E.
I Chicago ...3 11 ■;-■-„ 2 1
I Philadelphia .; ..8, . 7 4
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; Bernardt and I
Douglass. Umplres-^-Lynch and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, Aug. Washington-St.
: Louis game postponed on account of wet
grounds.
Handball Tournament Postponed.
Owing to a change In the arrangements
: the Olympic Club handball tournament.
■ set for last evening, has been postponed j
] until Wednesday night. Secretary Ken- j
ncdy stated that the entries would close ;
I at the club last night at 10 o'clock. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
OLD COMEDY IS
PRESENTED BY
THE FRAWLEYS
"Under Two Fiags" at
•the Alcazar.
THE TIVOLI OFFERS "FIDELIO"
i
CELLIEB'S MERRY COMIC OPERA
WELL RENDERED.
The Columbia Repeats "The Adven
ture of Lady Ursula" — New Vau
deville Features — Attrac
tions Well Patronized.
"Glee, glee, mode a living thing— Nature,
in some frolic mood, shut up a merry devil
In her eye, and, spiting art, stole joys
: brightest harmony to tiirill her laugh,'
I which peals out sorrow's knell. Earth
! seems to laugh that it made a thing: so
glad." This is* Lady Gay Spanker, and
; I-ady Gay Spanker is the pivot of "Lon
■ don Assurance," a comedy still somewhat
■ lusty and vigorous at nearly three-score.
! Not because of its plot, for that lacks in
j terest, but rather because of rapid ac
-1 tion, "smart" dialogue and the possibility
I of unlimited "business." The shabby-gen
teel characters, most of them, have a
! noisy desire for pleasure and excitement,
■ with no moments of collapse and inertia.
! They iire heartless and flippant, they have
: not ft serious thought, and the necessity
i of living down to the hard, even basis of
, their circumstances never intrudes itself
I into their experience.
Lady Gay Spanker is but lightly bal-
I anced on the edge of a rein, but nothing
' could disturb her equilibrium by the
! breadth of a feather. Her description of
the most glorious "run" that ever swept
over merry England's "green cheek." be
; loved of the elocutionist, is her real mi
i troduction to the audience. Here one
gauges the ability of an actress to play
i the part. Miss Bates, in her riding cos
' tume, was quite a picture, and her dehv
-1 cry of the speech remarkably good. It is
the best thing she has to do In the play,
and it is a pity it comes so soon. When
filled with the spirit of the chase Lady
Gay is altogether charming. In her so
berer moments we find her a little dull.
Lady Gay, I mean, not Miss Betes, lor
Bhe is never dull. Sh* marries her Dolly
fur "freedom," but she never seems half
so "gay" as her name. In h.-r horsey
moods she is charming:, and suggests all
manner of possible fescapades. but she
never lives up to her first Bcene, and we
should like the order ot things reversed.
Miss Bates, an excellent Lady Gay. was
weighted by the rather slow movement of
The players as a whole. "London Assur
ance" should go with a dash.
Grace ilurkaway, sentimental enough to
listen to the "silent song the flowers,
breathe/ vet finding love an epidemic
madness (until she meels the right man)
«?nn fairly well paved by Miss \an
iVr-n It lithe only real stupid part
in the' comedy, and that it fell to her lot
s her misfortune. She looked a picture
in the gown and hoops of the period and
seemed quite at home in them. too. It is
hard to resist the conclusion that had the
part been less stupid one might bave
omitted the "fairly." Pert, whose menial
station Is Indicated by her grammar, but
wlL.se tongue is uuite as Witty as any
about her. and who dances quite gayly
in the drawing room with her betters, was
uiven a uuamt picturesque setting oy
Kiss Mould and lingers In the memory as
a rather more important part than it 18,
by reason of her good acting.
"Max Harkaway, a plain man who
speaks his mind, the fox-hunting country
gentleman, the only character in the play
with even a shadowy moral sense of recti
tude, was made a most natural, lovable
being by George Osbourne, who Is ever tne
artist and charms by lar-k of apparent
effort and perfect sureness of purpose.
He never makes a slovenly move. bir
Harcourt Courtley, whose "toilet is a
ceremony Bret In importance, who, while
still the fiance of one young woman,
plans to elope with another man s wile
and then inconsistently closes his shallow
four-act career with a moral lecture to
his son on the attributes of a gentleman,
was quietly but rather colorlessly played
by Charles King. One cannot say he was
not good, but Mr. King is a clever actor
and should have made the shallowness of
the' man more apparent. He was not
an ornamental sort at best.
Charles Courtley, the worthy scape
grace son of his father, tamed a little t>y
love, gave Francis Byron one of the best
opportunities he has had to prove his
ability and he did not miss the oppor
tunity. Ills exaggerated love scene was
done with the vigor of an impassioned
steam engine and was but one of many
good things he found it in his conscience
to favor us with. Dazzle, the quint
essence of "brass," who lived on the best
that could be procured for credit, was the
life of the comedy. Mr. Reynolds caught
the spirit of the part and never for a
moment lost his breezy identity. His per
formance was most creditable and his
make-up an excellent one. ' Meddle, the
attorney, whose business is "snouting out
the dust-hole of society and feeding upon
the bad ends of vice," was made a ver
itable "black spider" by Wallace Shaw.
In costume, 1 mean, and this is as it
should be. He gave to the character a
rather more humorous than despicable
touch, but was the center of the stage
whenever he appeared.
Dolly Spanker, in the hands of J. R.
Armory, was almost the best character on
the stage. It is a small part but full of
chances. In the inebriated stage of his
short career he was inimitable. His only
fault was in disappearing in such a woe
ful state and reappearing a few minutes
later perfectly sober. The play, but for
lirst night slowness, was well presented.
The clatter of censure has but little place
and the sternest sum- total that can be
written is
TivolL
Inasmuch as "Fidello" has not been
given here for almost twenty-five years,
the management of the Tivoli is entitled
to a great deal of credit for affording the
patrons of good music another opportunity
to rejoice in the somber strains of
Beethoven's masterpiece. The company
at the Tivoli presents this difficult work
in a decidedly creditable manner. Of
course the music, being rather of a sym-
Dhonlc character, the main responsibility
of the production rests upon the orches
tra and it is surely no exaggeration to
assert that under the direction of Max
Hirschfeld the musicians achieved a re
markable success. There are in San
i laiu'isco a large number of earnest ad
mirers of the musical art who are ever
lavish to support symphony concerts. It
is well known that these supporters of
refined music consist largely ot the Ger
man element. The management of the
Tivo!< gives this class of music-lovers a
chance to enjoy a noble work, which they
are seldom enabled to hear, and they can
now show their appreciation of this en
terprise by attending the performances
this week.
Throughout the score there is apparent
a certain emotional strain, in the produc
tion of which Beethoven was ever prolific.
This master, more than any other, under
stood how to interpret various moods. Be
sides. "Fidello" Is the only opera Beetho
ven composed that has lived, and it has
never proved an error to contend that the
only successful work of a master is al
ways endowed with grandeur. "Fidello"
is somber and impressive. Its earnest
story tends much toward retaining your
interest, and the occasional dialogue gives
it s varied aspect from other grand
operatic works. The piece is mounted
well and the soloists succeed in eliciting
hearty applause. Mips Mary Ling spe
cially did some splendid work, and for
this "is entitled to the heartiest indorse
ment. Miss Ella Prossnitz will reappear
this evening as Leonora in "Tl Trovatorr."
She is now in excellent condition and will
surely prove an Invaluable acquisition.
ALFRED METZGER.
Olympia.
Although she has been playing at the
Olympia for a week Tod Sloan's sister
continues to be the chief attraction at the
Eddy-street vaudeville house. Reine Vln
ton, the ceadliner of the new bill, made
quite a hit and Armstrong and O'Neil, in
their bag-punching comedy, continue to
be popular.
Grand Opera-House.
The tuneful "Dorothy" has lost none of
Its charm by reproduction. It had an ad
dition in the person of Miss Jessie Fair
bairn from the Castle Square Opera Com
pany. She took the place of Bertha Riccl
and at once established herself as a prime
favorite. Pier character work as Prisciila
Privett. the widow, was worthy of much
praise and she made a decided hit in the
last act. Miss Fairbairn and William
Wolff as Lurcher, the Sheriff, won hearty
applause and Wolff Introduced a topical
song that won several encores. Edith
Mason made a charming Dorothy and had
to repeat the Tally-Ho" song. Hattie
Bello Ladd was equally charming as
I-ydia Hawthorne, and Georgie Cooper as
Phyllis sang and danced prettily. Thomas
H. Persse was Geoffn-y Wilder, Winfred
Go ft was Harry Sherwood, and Arthur
Wooley was Squire Bantam. Goff had to
repeatthe "Queen of My Heart" song and
! Wooley "Chanticleer Hall." The choruses
were well rendered and the orchestra ex
cellent. The costumes were elegant and
the opera well staged.
Alcazar.
Purple calcium lights, turbaned Arabs,
red-pantalooned soldiers and a saucy viv
andiere brought back at the Alcazar last
night the old melodramatic times that
have almost pass"cd into history. "Under
Two Flags" is one of the most charac
teristic of Oulda's works and Bertie Cecil
RoyaMieu Is one of h<T most character-
I istic and Impossible men. White Whittle
i sey played Bertie in a manner so lacka
-1 daisical that Oui.ta herself, had she been
', there, would have called nim before the
' curtain. Such a? it was the play waa
i wall performed and the scenery left noth
j ing to be desired. Florence Roberts dis
played the sterling qualities of the ac
tress in her impersonation of the Inter
esting role of Cigarette; George Foster
Platt was a good Rake, and Juliet
Crosby made so pretty and charming a
Princess Venetia that nobody could blame
Bertie for kissing her. There was a splen
: did house and it seemed to enjoy the im
probabilities of the play equally as well
as the tine acting.
Columbia.
"Lady Ursula," with its quaint conceits
and delightful fascination, was the bill
: at the Columbia last evening. This is the
last week of the Mi'ler Company's reper
toire week and Anthony Hope's charming
! comedy was the attraction as It will also
!be to-night. In Ursula, as usual. Miss
Anglln won high favor by reason of her
dainty femininity, her Intelligence and
rare "art. Mr. Miller was delightful as
1 Sir George and the others of the com
- party repeated their triumphs of the ear
fier production. The house was crowded
and as to-night will be the last oppor
tunity to see the charming "L.ady Ur-
I sula" another big houfe should be in at
> tendance.
Orpheum.
An attractive bill resulted in the not un
■ usual condition of standing room only at
the Orpheum last night, raron and Her
bert, new comedy acrobats, caught ihe
fancy of the audience and proved to^ be
very prolific laugh-producers. The Car
downie troupe of Irish and Scotch dancers
gave an excellent performance of their
specialties. EJsmeralda, the "famous wire
1 queen " established her right to the title.
and Caryl Williams amusingly presented
i his comic episode. Among the holdovers
i who were well received were Alexandra
Dugmnr, the amplf character vocalist;
Harry Linton and Leila Mclntyre. and the
Deonzo brothers, tin k barrel jumpers.
Chutes.
Emil and Karl Glrdell^r, grotesque acro
bats, gave an amazing and amusing per
! formance at the Chutes Theater last even
ing. Pat Kelly, the Irish comedian, kept
the large audience in a roar of laughcer
for nearly half an hour, and the "marvel
ous" Seymours, as they are announced on
; the bill, proved to be astonishing aero
: bats. The Wlllards played new selec
: tions on their unique musical instruments;
Frank and Celia Morris, the strong man!
I and woman, continued their exhibition of
strength, and Zoe Matthews sang a lot of
new conn songs.- A fat ladies' tug-of-war
will be a feature of the amateur per*
formance on Thursday night.
: DIZZY
*
I
A TENDENCY TO FAINT, PALENESS AND
emaciation, these are symptoms that serve
■to warn women of dangerous disease. These
I are symptoms that are associated with the dis-
orders and irregularities peculiar to women,
; all those chronic inflammations, ulcerations and
displacements that break down the constltu- J
' tlon of woman and reduce her to a physical •
| wreck.
No woman need suffer, for there is a posi-
! tive and permanent cure for such disorders.
i That cure is HUD AN. HUDYAN reconstructs !
I broken-down tissues, • HUIjYAN gives health
i and tone to the entire system.
I Know for Yourself Your Condition.
! The symptoms just mentioned, also headaches
! (Fig: 1), hollow eyes or dark circles under
eyes (Fig. 2). pale or sunken cheeks (Fig. 3),
coated tongue (Fig. 4), palpitation of heart
(Fig. 5), impaired digestion and loss of appe-
! tite (Fig. 6). weakness of limbs (Fig. 7). in-
| active liver (Fig. S), pain in the back, irregular
or painful menses, all these denote abnormal
conditions that call for prompt treatment.
HUDYAN will correct all these symptoms.
HUDYAN will cure. . mJDTAS impartl|
. HT'DYAN Imparts i
t~ "~ strength and activity
WOMEN to the entire system.
«r»t/icc-r-k HUDYAN assists na-
AD VISED tur relieving all
FREE ' pains* and correcting
Call or Write. | irregularities. HUD-
Call or Write. | TAN fs the bes t rf-m-
-.+ •♦ edy in this world for
weak, nervous and emaciated women.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— soc a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50. TTT t^-^.«»
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN.
send direct to "the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San j
'■ Francisco, i a'. HUDYAN DOCTORS
CONSULT TlfK HI'DYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR fASE FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE. •
Strong Drink .is Death
OR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
WE « I'ARAXTEE FOtR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written gru.tr-
aniee or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
oIHONS DRINK and Death. Upon receipt
alnUNb UnlNKnnd Memli. i 'pen receipt
11*10.00 wa win mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
\Ve written irnarnnr"' to cure or refund •
ourmonej. ShT-'" ' ' "■>
GEOROK DAHLBENDKR * CO.. Sol* A«ta~
84 Kc«rny at.. Ban rrtlt" 1 ."" . . .
ia 4o*< Dr. R L. Walsh,
/^^^g2^S\v 815% GEARY ST., bet.
WflßftfftViiwM&ltfijt^ Hyde, and L&rkln. -
£^ ~^^Sso3Z2ft Fainieaa. Kxtractlon..
(I^f ■ m J^7\ Crowns'" '.'.Y.Y. '.*.'>'B2C.os
14 T.Tif-^ILJ-' Flesh-colored Plates.. -
>'.* '• *?r .r*\* -•••• ....»5.00
Continuous Gum Plate» (no bad Joint*) our
specialty.. Have received TEN first . prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. II
i years' -experience. • • ; r;.-v ' . . . i.
COURSING AT UNION PARK.
Drawing of Contestants in the Mid
. week Stake, to Be Run ..hursday.
The midweek stake of the Union Cours
ing- Park will be run on Thursday. The
train will leave Third and Townsend ]
streets for the park at 10:15 a. m. The
prizes are as follows: To the winner.
$60; runner up. $40; next two dogs, $20
each; next four, $12 50 each; next eight.
$7 50 each, and the next sixteen. $2 50
each. The drawing, which was held in j
Pythian Castle last night, resulted as
follows:
Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald »S. P.
J. Reilly's Wondering Tom; D. Cronin's Swin
r.erton vs. R. E. de B. Lopez' Banner Bearer;
W. C. Glasson's Terronite vs. J. 11. Perigo's
Lady Davenport; -I. F. Halton's Tic Tac vs.
.!. Bradshaw's Hazel- Dell; Pasha kennels'
Random Aim vs. T. Halls Nonpareil; Taylor &
Maxwell's' Lamplighter -vs. J. Seggerson's
■"White Chief; G. XV. '- Lahusen's Wheel cl For
tune vs. Taylor & Maxwell's Bounding Bell:
S. E. Portal's Laurel wood vs. H. H. Gray
Terronette: XV. H. Jones" Lady Marlam vs. M.
-Ijondon's Leonldaa; Handy & Smith's Free and
Easy vs. J. Dennis names October Wood
cock; ,F. A. McComb's Little Joker vs. F.
Price names Mountain' Lassie; R. Attrldge
names Masterpiece .vs. Lord &- Herbst's Re
volver; I. Strehl's Skylark vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Prince George: J. H. Perlsro's Belle
Beward vs. Sterl & Knowles 1 Sleety Mist; J.
Dennis names The Devil vs. W. H. Jones'
Rustan; Pasha kennels' Road Agent vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Pet Klrby; O. J. Olson's Sun
burst vs. D. J. Healy's Maggie N'v; A. Massey's
Hadiwist vs. W. C. Glasson's Border's Valen
tine; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. J. Ronning
names, Dempsey Lass; F. A. McCoomb's Olein
vs. ■ M. Sweeney's Tornado; H. H. Gray's Rona
vs. George Sharman names Miss Skyrocket;
J. Jones' Gftlivarit vs. F. A. McComb's Bon
nie Scotland: Ed Wilson names Magnesia
vs. S. E. Portal's Gallagher; J. Ronning
names Geraldine vs. . Taylor & Maxwell's
Mo«e; W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome vs. W. Gold
rain's Wise Qezaba; Taylor & Maxwell's Wild
Lassie vs. Handy & Smith's Dauntless; Sterl
£ Knowles' Wag vs. Aeneid kennels' Van
Cloie: T. • Harrington names Lord Marmion
vs. M. B. Kavanaugh's -Hard Lines; Taylor &
-Maxwell's Torment vs. W. Creamer's Report;
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rate*, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The CalL
i
GO TO
Hotel del
Coponado
Fop your summer outing.
- Best golf grounds in the State. ,-;■=- :
| Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling, ■
hunting, bathing, etc..
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street j
SAN FRANCISCO.
ClinSlAA HOT SPRINGS. — This I
Jfl Ull I V I I beautiful summer and
rllnUll\al winter resort, now
I ft IRit I V owned and managed by
DR. J PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of hip guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
. 160 miles south of San Francisco. In the Coast
: Kanr" Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
, The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
I fog* Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plun*e and tank baths: delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and driven. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids cr others
remaining more than one month Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
•ta " to Paralso.) Round trip » .For further
Byron Hot Springs.
These Wonderful Hot Mineral Baths
are curing hundreds of reople of
RHEUMATISM.
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
call on LOMBARD & CO.. acents, room
SO, 22'4 Geary st.
_____ _— — — — - — — — — — — ■— • '
/ETNA SPRINGS
YOU BREATHE BETTER.
YOU EAT BETTER.
ViSVPSES^N^^^SxOMORE.
Details and rates cheerfully furnished by W. j
L, Mitchell, Mgr.. Aetna Springs. County. |
or J. H. Simpson, Odd Fellows' Bldg.. San
Francisco. Telephone Mint 1535. ■ j
HOTEL LYNDON,
L.OS GfITOS.
JUST OPENED: NEW BUILDING! HAND-
some furniture; 60 outside rooms: . every !
modern convenience; electric bells and lighting; j
perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con- j
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine j
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
tample room. I.YMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE '
is located in the midst of the Coast Range. |
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold !
Flange baths, large swimming tank of mineral i |
water • fine stone dining room; telephone con- i
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation; j
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip ;
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
F»L«rN-r«TTIOIN HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERG. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, \
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of :
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address ;
J LUTTRINGER. Seavtew, Sonoma County.
or apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front st., S. F., for
particulars. : * '7
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs; baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick, Slsklyou County. Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS, CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. ;
VHCFMITF San Francisco to Chi-
I UoLiTH 1 !_• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile*
to Yosemlte Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, in either direction." $15. J. M. HUTCH-
-IMQS, Agent, 19 Montgomery st.San Fr&aclaco.
Handy & Smith's Mona vs. W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore: J. Sejrgerson's Gold Hill vs. Aeneid
kennels' Maid of Erin; W. J. Broning's Moun
tain Belle vf. U. K. de, R. Lopez' Santa Rita.
Doings in Boxing Circles.
Some little betting was done at Corbett's
poolrooms last night on the McConnell-
Frane^ contest, which takes place at the
National Club to-morrow night. The pre
vailing odds were 10 to 8, with the former
on the long end. The local man has trie
advantage in height and reach over
Franey and will probably be a prime fa
vorite at ringtime.
The postponed bout hetween "Cyclone"
Morris and Dan Creedon will take pi
the Lenox Club, New York, on the Kth
of the present month.
The Stockton Athletic Club has offered a
$500 purse for a match to be decided fair
week between Tom Tracey and young Pe
ter Jackson. Al Sniith. manager for
Trace> , states that his man will "rake it
on" if all goes to the winner. It in also
more than likely that Tracey will be
matched against the crack New Yorker,
Matty Matthews, at 145 pounds, the bout
to take place at one of the local clubs
during the month of September.
Press Club Whist.
President Carpenter and Second Vice
President Stover scored an easy victory
yesterday in the final game of the open
ing tournament for the Press Club chal
lenge whist trophies, defeating John
Washington and E. D. Dement. The win
ners have played Howell's short suit game
throughout the tournament.
Santa Cruz Football Team.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 14.— The class of '00
of the Santa Cruz High School has or
ganized a football team, which is prac
ticing dally. A. N. Sheldon was elected
captain and A. Ellis manager.
V "Pass of the Oaks"— !;
'I twenty-five miles from \
\< ocean — where the beau- i 1
i tiful Salinas Valley runs
] into the foothills. Moun-
< tain ozone makes health-
'> ful atmosphere for the
/ .sick..;;,
Paso Robles
; for Health,
\\ Numerous cottages are
i| dotted about grounds
j where invalids and con-
' . valescents in calm re-
] pose recover their wont-
\ ed health.
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop., City Office, j,
$ Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market St. ■;
W I Vendome. ! <k
■ II In San Jose is the start- H
j H_ _JI Ing point for visitors to J|
; E^» LICK OBSERVATORY. 3
F It is one. of the most celebrated .~m
I • fashionable resorts on the coast. !
I §end for little book that tells all \
I about the great Observatory.
yfl GEO. P. SNELL. Mam,
S H | San Jose. Cal. j*
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4ft HOURS
from San Francisco and but t miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
i.atural bath In State; swimming and boating:
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon etagea; round trip from San Fran-
cUco only IS 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:20 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or HI a
week. References, any truest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MTJIjGRE'W. Prop.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. C< lusa County. Cai. 26 miles
west of Williams anil 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury In the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs
New i-st>.ry hotel and fine new bath-hou9e.
Board and lodging, including baths. $9 and $10
per week. WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
CARISRAI) Most be !ful «POt In Lake
CAIIL.JDAI/ County. The mineral springt
are famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affection*. Superior accommodations.
110 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN,
Carlsbad. Lake County.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, JS to $10 per week: special rates for
lamllies. W. J. McDONJVLD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL.
LAKE AND HOTEL
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co. ; gas Indoors and
out. H. WAMROLP. ■
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meet* train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND' OUTING' PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BS CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
home!ll;e manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 JO. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, ifdrtim, Lak* ,
County, Cal. . . • ■■ _
NEWS OF THE TURF.
Jockey Willie Cole Injured at Oak
land Racetrack.
Jockey Willie Cole, in the employ of
Owen Bros., the Fresno turfmen, -suf
fered a fracture of the collarbone while
exercising a Captain Al tw .-year-old at
Oakland track on Sunday. Tne youngster
became frightened as the Berkeley local
train passed, and during a series of bucK
jumps Cole was unseated, with the result
stated.
Bill Murry of Cambridge stable fame
finally annexed a purse at Saratoga ycs
i terday with T.ir Hill. The Sausalito pool
rooms laid 4 to 1 against the colt.
Galen Brown, well known as the owner
of Libertine ana other shifty performers,
came down from Sacramento on Sunday
and reported all. of his h6rses as doing
well. His will be one of the lai
strings in training during the coming sea
son, with the following array ot' .'quine
talent to face tlw barrier: Libertine, Ra
velston, Himero. Semper Lenn. Wyoming,
Montallade. Monrovia. Olinthus. Bnm
boulia. "Watosssn. Jennie Riley. Judge Wof
ford, Nina and Diomed. Galen's colors
will be seen during the Golden Gate Agri
cultural Society's meet at Oakland. Her^
Diomed will likely spurt silk for the Prst
time. He is the two-year-old ,'iant
brother to Dlggs. Sutton. Arbaces an.l
Olimhus and a candidate for the Futurity
to be decided at the Sacramento ritate
; Fair.
Ruhlin Finds a Backer.
DENVER, Ai:g. 14.— P. J. McCormack. a
wealthy Colorado mining: man, put $10>>0
in the hands of Frank A. McClelland,
sporting editor of the Denver Republican,
to guarantee a side bet of $5000 to back
'ius liuhlin against the winner of the
Jeffries-Sharkey fight. Billy Madden is
sued the challenge for the fight. McCor
mack. who mnde Ruhlin's acquaintance
In Denver, at once offered to put up the
side bet.
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
84 Hoars* Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catallna's won-
i derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropote and Island Villa.
1 Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
'yy IDEAL CAMP LIFE. • *
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles. Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS. Agents. 621 Market at., San Fran-
i cisco.
i _- — —
Region
With itr. -rf
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAM f INC RETREATS
i SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG- VIEW CAMP,
i THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRACK
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOtTD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information, illustrated folders,
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613. Market st. (Grand
Hotel). .
FAMOUS GILROY HO SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON, FOR THE PAST FIVE
■*■• years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager.
Baths and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism. Kidney, Live- and Stomach
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
dally 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON. ■
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
1 Charming Spot to Visit This Bozcissr. .
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
lng. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
! ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
! teen miles from Truckee, In the heart of the
| Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
': because It Is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL i AM-
ple accommodations in Hotel; also in new
cottages, Just completed.
7VIRS. f\. T. wiooßE.
BELVEDERE.
. SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS. ""*""'
JR. MORRIS, PROP.. NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
I County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs ani contains Its own.
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
i In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
i San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
FERNDALE SPRINGS resorts 3£SE
Ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; train
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station: beautiful shade: home cooking;
good rooms: $8 per week and up. AddresJ
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. CM.
I MAN2ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or 4
rooms with board: good accommodations at
Mansnnita Villa. V
...DO NOT...
"•' Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting tfn
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
i mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
j for a week or longer by prepaying for sam)
at the Business Office or by ordsr through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents . .....pep Week
■65 Cents ;.... -....per Montu
» 4TO9TACE PREPAID*ARION VOICES WILL AID THE
VOLUNTEER RECEPTION FUND
Full House Expected This
Evening* Despite a Poor
Showing* at the Auction.
rTGURES rolled up last Thursday at
the Orpbeum still constitute the
record. Some few were sanguine that
I they would be exceeded yesterday
" at the Alhambra Theater on the oc
casion of the auction of boxes and seats
for the Arion concert in aid of the vol
unteer reception fund. They felt that tne
persuasive powers of Wendell Kaston,
coupled with the fame of the visiting New
Yorkerf. would coax more coin from the
public purse thai; an expert could count
In a week.
They were disappointed. A few dollars
rriore than $400 was the sum realized on
premiums. Fourteen boxes were marked
to "be sold. Two found purchasers. Of
the nearly 1700 seats only 125 were knocked
Sown at a premium. Notwithstanding this
poor start the committee in charge is cer
tain that it will pack the house at the
prices set. $1 50 and $2. So confident were
they of this, yesterday afternoon that they
w ■»-> ."■ - -^ - - - -.-■.■ T
refused an outright offer to purchase i
every seat in the house remaining- for to
night's concert. Mrs. A. S. Townsend,
who set the pace at the Orpheum auction,
■was v ie lady that made the offer.
"How many seats have you left?" she
• asked Managers .M.jit and Elllnghouse.
'lifter explaining her sorrow that she had
'been' unable to attend the auction. They
figured up.
"Four thousand seven hundred dol
lars." they said, together.
"If you will give them to me now, I'll
s^nd you a check for them."
Neither manager fainted. They both
Ftaggered, however, and it was some sec
onds before they explained that they
would have to consult the committee.
Mrs. .Townsend waited. The committee
paid it. would hardly he fair on the pub
. IJc m sell out by •wholesale, but suggested
that Mrs. Townsend be allowed to pur
■ chase the seats in the balcony. Their
price was $1500.
Mrs. Townsend -was on the point of |
.taking Them when she recalled the fact j
that she wanted them for her soldier boys j
■at the Presidio.
" "Th.ere won't be enough to go around,"
she said.
Then came the opportunity of Mott and
•Ellin^rhouse. They suggested the forth
coming popular price benefits at the Al- j
hamhra. Mr?. Townsend fell in with their
idea- and announced that she would buy ]
EOOO. tickets for the boys to whom she i
■would distribute them herself.
The lower portion of the Alhambra was
so poorly filled at noon yesterday, the
hour set- for the sale, that Colonel Lyon,
the auctioneer, had to implore those In
-the balcony to descend and fill , up. Only
a few well-known people ere present,
including. Charles Bundschu. R. O.
Capelle. the steamship man; F. W. Dohr
mann of the Merchants' Association,
■.>Louls Lisser. J. Ehrenpfort and E. A. j
'.Denicke. Handwriting Expert Eisen- I
schimmel had a seat, as did Alisky of,
the photos. Theatrical managers, Just
■adjourned from their own meeting, hung
on'as a fringe to the small crowd.
Mr. Bundschu took the stage shortly
CHINESE DOG INTO
THEIR POCKETBOOKS
jQHIXATOWN is imbued with the
spirit of enthusiasm which the
>f enthusiasm which has
prompted the citizens of this city
to contribute so handsomely to the
fund 'or tho reception of the Califor
°.Tiia volunteers. Representatives of
"the Chinese Six Companies attended
..'the meeting: of the finance committee
yesterday afternoon, and their spoken
.man stated that more than $3000 would
be contributed by the Chinese mer
chants .of the city. Wong Wai of the
.Yeong Wo Company handed the com
mittee $o2S as the contribution of that
company. The others said they wished
a few more days' time.
. The Chinese stated that they did not
desire to participate in the parade,
"but would give a grand display of fire
works, with considerable Celestial mu
sic on the side, if the committee would
secure for the purpose a suitable loca
tion along the -line of march. The gore
at the intersection of Battery and
Market streets was suggested, but the
Chinese seemed to feel that they
would have no chance in that section
of the city. They wanted the City
Hall plaza or nothing.
following is a list of the contrib
utors of the Yeong Wo Company:
yunrg Fong Tal & Co { 50 "0
Wing Chong V.'o & Co 61 ft)
Tons Wo & Co 40 00
Woo ... & Co 40 '<•>
Sing Fat & Co 4000
Wing Fat & Co 20 00
Sun Kam Wa & CO 30 00
Chunk Kee 10 00
Sing Sing & Co 10 00
Wing ung & Co 10 00
Son Loy 300
Fook Woo Tong 5 00
Tin Yuen 5 00
Kwong On Nung &Co , 500
i;«tn Foon % 5 00
Hlng Sing &Co , .5 00
Yuon On & Co 5 0")
Dr. Wong Him 10 00
Hay Lee & Co 4 00
Han Ford & Co 2 00
Kwong Sing .v Co 2 00
Lay On & Co 2 00
Hop Lee & Co 2 00
King Chong & Co 2-00
Hang Far Low .-.- Co 5 00
Wing Hop & Co '. 200
Pong Hing 2 00
Loi Guen i hong & Co 2 00
Young ]<■■(■ 2 00
Chung Hlng & Co : , 500
Man ' Hop 2 00
("hong Tsue 2 00
Quong Hing & Co 100
Hop Chong Jan & Co 2 00
1.1 ing ■ Ihong Jan 2 00
Hop Sang .- 1 00
Wo Hing & Co 1 00
(See Sing •_> 00
Tehiin Shing & Co 2 00
Cody Jan & C .100
Sang Wo Sang- & Co 200
Qupng Tohg Kee 2 00
Kwong On & Co 3 00
Quong Tal Hing 1 00
Gee Sing & Co 100
after 12 o'clock and, while deploring the
size of the gathering, was inclined to
hope great things from it. He spoke of
the fame -of the Arions and of the cause
in which they had enlisted, and made a
final appeal to the pocketbooks and the
patriotism of those present.
The lack of numbers in his audience
seemed to have a depressing effect "on
Wendell Easton, and he had little to say
and much of the Arions and of the cause
which they had enlisted, and made a
al appeal to the pocketbooks and the
triotlsm of those present.
The lack of numbers in his audience
smed to have a depressing effecl ion
fndell Easton, and he had little to say
d much of that.
"The girls," he said, referring to the
theatrical women who officiated at the
Orpheum auction, "have had their in
ning. Now you boys get in— some of you
haired boys get in and do something.
We want to make this a proper greeting
of the Pacific Coast to the Arions. How
much am I bid for the first seat?"
"I bid $15," said Eisenschimmel, and I'll
take one, two and three"
"Hold on, there are other bidders!"
And Eisenschimmel, whose mind was
disabused of the idea that he would then
and there get three for $15, sat down, a
routed expert. The bidding proceeded.
abused of the idea that he would then
1 therp get three for $15. sat down, a
ited expert. The bidding proceeded.
Ten dollars was the first offer, then $15,
$20 and $27 50. It was finally knocked
down to Judge J. F. HoughtoH for $30,
at which price he tookjwo seats. A rep
i resentative of Mayor .Kneian bought the
! next box for $15, and the price dropped
' to $10, at which a number of seats were
| sold.
There was no excitement at any time
! during the two hours of the sale, not even
when M. H. de Young parted with $50 for
j box A. The only other purchaser of a
box was E. Marshuts, who paid a prem
j ium of $25. Seats were purchased at
I premiums by the following: :
J. F. Houghton, $30; Mayor Phelan. $15;
Charles Bundschu. $10; R. Cappelle. $10;
E. A. Denicke, $10: S. Alisky, $10: F. W.
Dohrmann, t5; J. Ehrenpfort, $5: F. Russ,
i $3; Carl Eisenschimmel. $3: Louis Lisser,
, $3;' L. Weule. $2; R. Cappelle, $1; M. H.
< de Young, $1; W. M. Wolf. $2; Adolph
Holfstein. $2; Madam Fabbri-Muller. $1;
California Theater. $1: Orpheum Theater,
$1; C. Bertheau. $1: R. Herrold Jr.. $1;
. Mrs Potter, $1; F. W. Dohrmann, $1: Mrs.
John Morrisey, $1; Charles Wheeler. 50c;
j John Brown, 50c; H. Lansing, 50c; J.
j Peters, 50c; S. B. Bobbins, 50c; E. R.
; O -♦-$' -♦-•$-♦- -» -•- ♦ -♦- <&-■•-<& -♦-$-♦- #
Schmidt, 50c; F. Moffltt, 50c; John Lewis,
50c; Adolph Ettinger. 50c: Max Moses, 50c;
P. L. Ford. 50c; John Hessler. 50c; Her
man Bostwick, $1; Charles Mayer, 50c;
George H. Pippy, 50c; John D. Slebe, 50c,
Jules Carvillon, 50c; Robert Lorenz, 50c;
Henry Behrens, 50c.
The Wholesalers' League.
There is to be a general meeting this
afternoon at 202 Market street of the
Manufacturers' and Wholesalers' League,
now composed of 175 members. The pur
pose of the gathering is to show hew
much of the trade of the State is ijoing
to the East, whereas the money for East
ern goods and wares should be ape it
among the manufacturing industries of
this State. Manager Goodwin has much
useful information to impart relative to
the unnatural flow of trade from the
State, when the same should be comirifif
in this direction. The several committees
of the league will make reports as to their
work.
JheJix
Companies
Will
Raise More
&han
&hree
thousand
Dollars
for the
fundr%
Bun Far l/iw & Co. 1 00
Yock Kee & Co 1 00
Sun Hing & Co 2 00
Wah Chin & Co l 00
Yon Leong & c . 2 00
Wing Hing 2 00
Ching Wo & Co jiji]
Kwong Hop & Co 1 00
Sing Kee & Co 50
1,1 King &Co '■■ 200
Wo Hop & Co 300
Ng Wo & Co 1 00
M. Chong & Co 2 00
W. Wan & Co 2 00
San Hop & Co 200
Hop Lung & Co 2 00
Chqy Bros 300
F. L. Tsin & Co 2 00
Sam Wan & Co ' 2 50-
Who W. V. & Co 2 00
Wo Sing 150'
chee Chung & Co.. 1 00
Choy Hop ] 00
Wo Jan & C 0..;.. 1 no
Hong Fat ■. 1 00
Sun Lung San & Co ] 00
Chan Mue Wun 5 00
L.. Gee & Co 5 00
George Choy Yuen Bow 3 'jo
Yun Kow 1 00
Gee Jan & Co 1 -, 1
V. -c Chong & Co 200
Lai Dong Leong 2 0)
Lun Wo & Co. •_' in
Sing Kee & Co 2 00-
Wo Qn & Co 2 00
Chong Wo & Co 100
Sam Wall fc Co 2 00
Yeong Wo Association SO 00
Lee Jan Shon 5 00
Lum Mow Meung 5 00
Wong Wai :..... 500
Shin Yung 100
Total ■••■■•••••%•••■•••••••••••••• $52S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS— THE FERRY DEPOT GRAND NAY
THE great nave in the ferry building will be decorated with 1000 electric lights for the reception of the Califor
niana Workmen were- busy yesterday stringing the wires, under the direction of Electrician F. E. Wharff, who
has evolved a beautiful idee in electrical decoration. The lamps will be covered with red and white and blue crepe
paper made into tulips. A voluntary committee from the Native Daughters of the Golden West was busy yester
duy afternoon fashioning the paper in the required shape. This committee consisted ot Mrs. Mary E. Tillrnann.
Mrs Arthur D. Ccddington. Miss Esther Ralph. Mrs. C. F. Kapp and Mrs. G. H. S. Dryden. The workmen placed the
paper decorations on the lamps as they attached them to the sockets.
Plans for the naval parade under the direction nf Admiral John D. Spreckels nre rapidly taking shape. The order
has cone forth that only the smaller craft will be allowed in the parade proper. Tho other boats must be content to
remain on the fringe of the line, so all danger of accident* will be reduced to a minimum. Tickets are now on sale for
the Vkiih which will accommodate 1000 excursionists. There was a groat demand for them yesterday at Chief Wharf
inger Henderson's office, and the first eleven were-bouprht by C. T. Swain and Mrs. C. 1.. Bert, who has two sons in Com
uanv F of the First California.
'c W Moores president of the Relatives' Association, interviewed Harbor Commissioner Kilburn yesterday and re
oue«ted thai a tug be provided for the exclusive use of the committees of thi- association at the 50 cent rate im-
Dosed for all excursionists. Mr. Kilburn promise.! to Bee that the committees were well taken care of and will as
«isrn a tug as soon as the list of vessels placed nt the disposal of the Hart. or Commissioners by the owners is com
pleted' Major Harney was busy all day yesterday and expects to have the names of all vessels donated for excursion
purposes ready in a day or two.
ALL PARTS OF THE STATE
WILL SEND EVERGREENS
Market Street Will Be Transformed Into a Beautiful
Tropic Avenue.
PLANS for the transformation of |
Market street into a veritable fairy
vista as part of the city's garb for
a royal welcome to be accorded the
returning volunteers have been formulat
ed by A. Schilling of the decoration com
mitee. The thoroughfare will be given
the appearance of an evergreen-lined ave
nue by the liberal. use of garlands, palms,
Christmas trees and drooping leaves of
dracaena.
Mr. Martin, chairman of the committee,
and Mr. Schilling met in conference last
night and discussed the . plans, all of
which have jeceived the unqualified ap
proval of the executive committee. In
outlining his plans Mr. Schilling said:
"It is the intention of the committee
to convert for the time being every tele
graph and electric light pole on both sides
of Market street into giant redwoods.
Evergreen trees will be nailed to the
poles, cntir.-ly hiding them from view.
Where such poles are wanting wooden
posts will be set along the curbs every
twenty feet in cement barrels covered
with green cloth and ballasted with rocks.
Graceful palm leaves will be utilized al
ternating with Christmas trees and the
streets which run Into Market street will
be similarly decorated for short distances,
thus giving the effect of a general decora
tion, it will be a spectacle which has
never before been witnessed in this city
and one of unexampled grandeur."
Telegraphic replies to the committee's
request for evergreens are pouring in
froni :ill parts of the interior. In some In
stances carload lots are promised and the
committee fears that It will be so over
whelmed with the magnitude Of the of
fers that it will be compelled to regulate
the amount to be sent by each county.
August 19 ' has been set as the date limit
for the transportation of greens. As there
will ren am but three or four days for
decorative work the committee desires to
-,. up all the material so generously
contributed.
The committee feels grateful to the
Southern Pacific Company for its offer
to transport all evergreens free of charge.
1 hereby saving a large sum of money
which would otherwise have to be ex
pended. The members will wait on Gen
eral Mai ager Kruttschnltt to-day to ar
range for picking up the evergreens at the
various points.
The following are some of the charac
teristic replies received by Mr. Schilling
from the Mayors of the towns which, have
aereed to send evergreens:
Hanford— "Will send one carload of
palm leaves."'
ganta Cruz— Will contribute one to five
hundred Christmas trees and come with
Haywards — "Put us down for a carload
of evergreens gathered by the school chil
' 7'.ak. rsfield —"Wo have palm fans in
abundance. How many do you want?"
Santa Rosa— "We will do our share for
a generous appropriation to the reception
of California's gallant soldiers."
Santa Monica— "Our citizens will rn-np
erate n yours. You may expect a llb
eral shipment."
Martinez— "Will do our best. Tell us
where and when to send."
L,oa Angeles "We are always ready to
respond to the call of patriotism. Let us
know the latest date for shipment.'
Vis.iii;. -"Can furnish carload or more
if necessary."
Riverside -"You may expect one or two
carloads of pine decorations."
Marysville- "Will send all we can. Our
supply is limited."
Orovtlle— "Five hundred fan palm
leaves are yours; pome from Palermo and
ThermaMto. We have three boys in the
First regiment."
Redwood city— "Count on us for our
share."
The (ommittee desires to express its
thanks 1.1 the following florists who have
kindly volunteered to assist in arranging
the dei orations in an artistic manner:
Jaeger <^- Jacquemet, 286 Sutler street:
Frank Pelicano & Co., 225 Kearny street;
C. M. Leopold. 35 Post street: George B.
Jones. 317 Sutter street; Central Florist
Company, 31 Geary street; August Puhem,
lU2 Powell street: Joseph G. IJokens. Em
porium Mower department; Alex Mann Jr.,
1441 Polk street; Charles Slappenbeck. 1207
Polk street; John Pouyal. 1211 Polk street;
Charles C. Cohen, 306 Sutter street; Jo.'
Thompson. 1316 Taylor street; Slevers &
Boland, 25 Post street.
FEATURES OF
THE PARADE
A New March Dedicated to
the Boys Will Be
Played.
A. F. Schleicher, a member of Stanford
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, who has gained reputation as a
composer, has composed a new march
dedicated to the returning Californlana
under the title of "The Return of the
Brave Boys." It will be played as the
volunteers land and will also be played
during the parade.
Ex-Confederates who live in this c'.ty
have organized to do honor to the return
ing volunteers. \V. \V. Polk, one of the
men who wore the gray during the war ;
of the rebellion, called yesterday at the
Native Sons' headquarters and announced I
that he would be pleased to have the. '
SUBSCRIPTION FUND NEARS
TWENTY THOUSAND MARK
THREE THOUSAND ONK HUNDRED AND EIGHTY THREE DOLLARS
AND EIGHTY-FIVE CENTS was the total of subscriptions received yes
terday to the citizens' fund for tlir reception of returning volunteers. This
brings the total to date to $18,170 30, entered as Follows:
Previously reported..*! 114,986 <5 Thomas J. Walsh &Co 500
Yeong Wo Company 53 00 Mr. Shaw 500
Pacific Mail Steamship Co EOT 00 Majestic Saloon 500
First National Hank 260 00 W. H. Armstrong 5W
Alaska Commercial Co 250 00 William Betz 300
London-S. F. Hank 100 uCT J. C. Kemp Van Ec 5W
German Savings X- L. Society. 100 Ofl A. 11. Adams 500
S F Savings Union 100 oo Rngen Furniture Co 50)
A B. McCreary 100 n) Milwaukee Furniture Co SCO
Pl/blic Schools and Superin- Ackennan & Kohn 5 itf)
te.ndent's Office 15S 30 W. Mackie 5 00
Cafe Royal 50 00 Easton Outfitting Co 5 Otj
Postal Telegraph Cable Co 50 i>o The P. Rossi Co 5 UO
Bowers Rubber Co 30 oo A. D Smith Furniture Co 500
Security Savings Hank B0 00 T. Brilliant 5 Oil
Mutual Savings Bank 50 do Cash 2 5)
W J Sloan &Co 50 00 McCarthy Bros 250
J J O'Brien & Co 50 00 J. Street >... 2 .vj
E A Wlltsee 50 00 GHidden Bros 2 .So
Charles R Bishop 25 W F. Ladoucein 250
S N Wood &Co 25 Ofi W. J. G.Muhl 250
J. E. Doollttle 2.1(10 F. Sehon 250
Everett- Pulp, and Paper C 0... 25 00 1.. H. Goldenbell 2 .vi
Humboldt Savings and I^oan James Tilton 250
Society 25 00 Wiesmann & Smith 2 ."0
E. B. Pond 25 00 Barner <fc Kehlenbuck 2SO
California Furniture Co 25 00 Such & Nelson 2 ;>0
Kjngman (Ariz.) Lodge No. E.C.Nolan 25)
408 B P. O. E 20 00 Mr. fttoekzenwald 2aO
TheJ Noonan Furniture C 0... 20 in) Sullivan Bros 250
Hulsr- Bradford &Co -.' 60 • Johnson & Gogan 1 01
Hayward Bros. * Wakefleld A Californian. San Jose 100
,•:, £008 H. a Meiser lon
The Bernhardt Mattress C 0... "- 1 " tK| <;. Monnier 1 00
Geo H Fuller Desk Co 2" 0o Joseph Young LO3
Joseph Fredericks 4 Co 89 00 Charles A. Schultz 1 ft)
Indianapolis Furniture <'<> 20 >■■> M. N. Twomey lull
N Friedman 20 00 Chicago Clock Co 250
McCann Belcher & Allen 2'r "hi Columbian Auction House _' >"
Houghton & Sawyer 20 d) Charles Huffschmidr. 3SO
Rochat & Schlingman 25 00 John Ftnedlng *)
J F. Farley 10 "^ Mrs. O'Dca ■•"
Davy Crockett Saloon 10 00 J. P. Byrne ofl
Baldwin Annex Cafe 10 oo Joseph Gamble jo
James Newlands , 10 00 Fred A. Smith B0
Royal Furniture Co 10 00 John E. Montgomery 2.?
vv" Bat. man lO'>l a. Epirslo g
John Hoey 19 00 John Buckley 50
W A Sch'rock 10 00 William Sheeliy
Bchlueter & Volberg 1;) im) Charles J. Fuch oO
T. Hr McCarthy loot.' Mrs. Ber -3
1. fc E Emanuel 10 00 w. E. Harm w
C. F. Weber & Co V\ M ■ -•—
Pacific Chair Co 10 00 Total to date $18.1(0 3i)
R. S. Alexander 10 00
grand marshal attend a mating of the
Confederate Veterans next Thursday
night to arrange for the parade.
School Superintendent Webster and G.
S. Miehling, physical Instructor in the
public schools, were busy yesterday ar
ranging the plans for the division of
schoolboys who are to be selected from
the grades above the seventh. A band and
' a drum corps have already been secured,
and the canvass of the schools for ma
t( rial to make up the division commenced
yest< rday.
Syl Shaben of Court Washington, mar
: shal of tlie division of Foresters of Amer
! lea, announced yesterday that not only
; the members of the order in this city 'out
those from the Interior would Join In and
thai hi expected to have not less than
fifteen hundred men in line, each pro
vided with either an American flae or a
flag of th^ order and a good supply of red
fire. It is expected that there will be a
float ami some othei features to be de
termined upon at a meetins to be hold
this evening.
lolonel Victor Duhoce ami Captain J.
Kggort. commanding one of the coni
i< s of the First California Volunteers,
members of the National Union. That
■mization. which has a number of
er nvmbers in the ranks, will make a
good dlSplay on the night of the parade.
The cabinet of the order will hold a spe
cial meeting to-night to complete ar
rantjements.
The parlor of Native Sons located nt
ADVERTISEMENTS. • .._^_*^._.-
--M..I..:..I..I..H~H"I"I"1"I"1"I"I-I"H"H"I"I"1-H"I"I I I I I 1 '!"* 1 1 I'*1 '* : " 1 ' : ■:■ I-M-'frH-fr* •
AN INVITING LIST |
• ■ __ — . ■.."'■- -■ %
LADIES' HOSIERY AND VESTS. 1
': %
Ladies' Fancy Lisle Thread Hose in all the acceptable shades, .<■ '.'.
plaids and stripes with silk embroidery; regular price 50c per « ...
pair; on sale at 25c per pair. . " 4*
Ladies' Extra Fine Imported Fast Black, also Tan and Russet **
Cotton Hose, at 33 l-3c per pair. . / .j.
Children's Plain and Jersey Ribbed Cotton Vests, also .Pants to '.' • •£
match, in white and gray, at 25c each. ' T
MEN'S FURNISHINGS. _■ %
A.t SO Oents. "I
One special line of Lambs' Wool Fancy Ribbed Socks in'undyed Y
wool, camels' hair and fast black colors; finished with, double *r
spliced heels and toes; extra good value at 20c per pair. , V
J±t 75 Oents. • :;
About 26 dozen Men's Vicuna Merino Undershirts and Drawers; *"* ..
excellent value at 75c each. / /"" 7 ••
LADIES' KID GLOVES. l ■'<•
Ladies' 2-clasp "Nonpariel," made from' the best selected lamb ./ .t.
skin, in all colors and black; every pair fitted and guaranteed; < J.
price $1 a pair. . " . •■
JiLt $1.50 a. Fair. 5
Ladies' 3-clasp O. B. No. 1 real French Kid Gloves, in all the -:«
latest shades and black; price $1 50 a pair; these gloves are manu- ' 3*
factured expressly for us. •> /" V
N. B. — We clean and repair, free of cost, all gloves purchased at J 1.
our establishment. . '[i it','
LINEN DEPARTMENT. ? 'J
— ■ i ..
Table Damask, 62 inches wide, in cream only; very heavy and "' X
solid; at 40c per yard. . , / T
3-4 Damask Napkins, 22 inches square, all pure linen, heavy and ' X
a fine finish; excellent value at $1 60 per dozen. ( 7 " J.
RIBBONS ' I
I d-
Taffeta Ribbon, 1 inches wide, in a large variety of colors, at SOc '■ -. 4.
per yard. 7 4*
Black Moire Ribbon, 5 inches wide, at 30c per yard. . 4*
LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES. |
.A.t $7.50. j-|
Ladies' Baltic Seal Collarettes with astrachan yokes, trimmed T
with tails and lined with colored satin; very good value at _ X
$7 50 each. " ; T rr
SHIRT WAISTS. I
J±t 35 Oents. ?
Ladies' French Percale Shirt Waists, laundered collars and cuffs, v I£
assorted patterns; good value at $1; on sale at 35c. ,^ .*.
j^-t, SO Oents. *
Ladies' Fancy Striped and Figured Shirt Waists, in good quality *
percale; good value at $1 25; on sale at 50c. +
: " ;..", !
1/1/ Murphy Building-. w •>
Market and Jones Streets. I
known as Seaside has given
mmmm
Tn^iiL^^H^ S5"Sf Hebrew
Orphan Asylum yesterday tendered toe
band of the asylum for the parade
Staden Miss Nellie Clarke. Mrs. Catherine
Ryan and Miss Mattie Farris a coimnlt
.tee on carriages, and Mrs. Val JR. «ury.
Mrs. E. AigeVOnger; Miss Nellie Clarke.
Miss Mattie Farris and Mrs. C. F. Kapp
a committee to procure 3600 feet of rope to
be u™d across the cross streets to keep
the crowds off Market street and oft Van
KMX Mi S sses Farris and Yon Staden and Mrs
Rvan were named to ascertain which of
the grand officers and which parlors of
the Native Daughters will take part in
the parade. Miss Farris reported that
Las I.omas Parlor will turn out and Mrs.
\igeltinger reported that La Estrella Par
lor will turn out if other parlors do
Invitations were sent to President Me-
Kinley and Mrs. McKinley. Governor
Gave and Mayor Phelan. These invita
tions are neatly engrossed. The Governor
and staff are requested to parade
mounted. .
NO OVERFLOW
IS POSSIBLE
Managers Like the Suggestion
but Cannot Carry It
Out.
The theatrical managers at their meet-
Ing yesterday took np and considered the
sugrgestiqn made through The Call that
by reason of the fact that it was Impos
sible to get seats for the Orpheum bene
fit they give an overflow performance the
same afternoon at Morosco's Grand
Opera-house, the use of which was ten
dered. The suggestion pleased the man
agers, but one and all agreed that it
would be impossible as matters stood to
carry it out. The Orpheum has no stage
entrance, the scenery necessary for th^
various acts having to be carried in
through the front door. Once in use
on the Orpheum stage, it w..uld be
impossible even if the expenses
woukl be warranted, to carry it out
through the crowds who will attend the
henef't The managers thanked The Tall
for its efforts to increase the benefit fund,
but decided that they had their hands
full with the combined show.
The Orpheum's rule. "No Beturn
Checks," will be suspended for the
convenience of seatholders at Thurs
day's benefit. This action was de
cided upon by the theatrical man
agers' committee as a mark of .appre-
■■!■ *'H n; n H-M-M- ;■■!■■:■ i -i : : : i-m-k-i-* : : : w !■***
_ VARICOCELE.
ffi^l art ' The grandest remedy on earth
T&L 2 for this awful treacherous weak-
(^mj — ~ -"-■"■^^^ ness la ELECTRICITY. I have
JVyP (^ 1^ *^^^~^* made a success of treating this
J I '^-TTcomplaint with my new method of applying
C / '/ Vj -ifc-omplaint to the my new method applying
jfeSfl Electricity to the parts while the patient sleeps.
ri\}y\- x m \ It never falls. Ten thousand cures in the past
' Jr \ five years is my record. No drugs, no knife—
'■M. \ simply the life-giving current scientifically ap-
%ip?*W*^!iP\ I plied according to my special method.
Are you afflicted? If so, as .you value your
future health, cure it now. You can see that it
is destructive to vitality. My method is safe, certain and permanent.
.Cases of 25 years* standing cured In three months. If you can't call,
write for my book with full information.
~— — m . HIT T I_l - 702 M»ri»t Bi., car. Kwn/. 8. T.;
Dr. M. A. fflcLaughlin, is i t. B1 A:r Bpria * wd bBMBI
Office Hourp-8 a. m. to 8:80 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
I ciation for the generous support of
1 the public.
| The managers request, however, that
holders of coupons who may go out dur
ing tho performance with the intention of
not returning will deposit their seal
checks at the box office, where they may
be resold for the benefit of the fund.
A vote of thanks was tendered EM ward
Marshuts. who donated to the committee
the box he purchased for $100. It will be
sold at auction to-day at the Produce
Exchange-. One other box remains unsold.
Bids for it will be received by mail, tele
| phone, telegraph or in person.
Every other seat in the house is sold for
i the benefit, although it is possible the
managers could secure others if sufficient
premium was offered. Yesterday an eager
crowd besieged the box office, glad to buy
I standing room for $1.
George Osbourne. the veteran actor, has
been selected by the m-tnagers to an
nounce the various numbers on the benefit
programme from the seage.
Phil Hastings will personally conduct
tho [)r t g S representatives duning the bene
fit.
CHURCHES MAY
CONTRIBUTE
i A Berkeley Plan That May
Meet With Favor
Here,
Berkeley does not propose to be outdone
by any of her sister cities across the bay
in the matter of contributing to the lund
for the reception to |be returning CaU
fornia boys. The finance committee ovot
there is working with a will, and when
the returns are all in promise that tho
college town will be on the list with a
subscription that will "astonish the na
tives." Business men, university profes
sors ami even the churches have contrib
uted, and the committee has not as yet
completed halt" of its work.
Last Sunday all of the churches of
Berkeley took up special collections f" r
the volunteer fund, and a handsomu
amount was realized. W. L. Overstre- t.
tlic secretary, has suggested to the Pa:?
Francisco finance committee that similar
action be taken by the churches of this
city. The matter will be presented to f :,- :
heads of the various churches and an -t
fort will be made to induce them to make
special collections during next Sunday's
services. ■
Robbed by a Woman.
James McCall, a civilian employed in
the quartermaster's department at the
Presidio, Rot drunk Sunday night and a
woman took charge of him and let! him
to 777 Market Street McCall fell asleep
on a chair, and when he awoke yesterday
morning the woman had disappeared,
taking J2<"«t belonging to him with her.
He notified -the police.
A Calaveras Social.
Calaveraa Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the CJolden We»l will give an »n
--tertainment ami social on Thursday even
ing next In the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building.
5
I6
frit. . ". ■* (f^P^fe^cir^rii
- --
TUESDAY..'..."^ AUGUST 15, 189
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address At! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE .Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main "ii e S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Flr.gle Copies. B cents.
Terms by Ma.!. Including Postage:
PAn/T CAT.!. (including Sunday Call), or., year $6.01
DAILY CALL (includ!ne Sunday Call), 6 months 3:OC
DAILY CALL (ir.c)udl.n* .-.inday Call). 3 months 1.5f
DAILY OALL-Ry Single Month «5*
81 AY CALL One Tear I "*' (i
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1>0<:
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Eur.ple copies will be forwarded when requeated.
,
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadwa>
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Meteor Forclfin Advertising. Morquette BultdlnjJ,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS ,!R 20 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. Npiv.- Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
SYtmont Hooae; AuSltorltitr. Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. lirrr.taoo, II Uolom Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON rD. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. CorrcHDondcnt.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Kor,:gomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:20 c/clocK- 200 rjcyes street, ooen until
£50 o'clock. CZ9 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c clock- 615 .Lark.ln street, open until 9:30 o"c!ock.
--94 ■ Mission street, open until SO o'clock- 229' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
tf.lsslor. street, .open untiL 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
ttreet, cper. urjtli 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
secend and Kentuc rtrcrts. -pen until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
■ -
the L ly T'rs-Jla."
Fund .' neflt, Thursday afternoon,
.
•■'. Yorjc Ai
• night.
A Opera
■ r— Vaudeville every afternoon
i
.■•-oialties.
.
BullOir.K, Oakland— Cakewalk
h ■■■ night.
AUCTION SALES.
i ■. at 2:20 o'clock. Turkish
COMPLETE THE FUND THIS WEEK
1) . II means let the 550.000 fund for the
, ■ ■ the volui • I leted thi
-^ nterl ts to be given by the dramatic
:ty and by our generous guests, the
Wa Y..'k. vil] well the contributions and
sum far toward the total amount required.
hould, do the r< I
Francisco, in proportion to population, is one
lest cities in the Union. For hospitality and
rositj in.:- people have a reputation that i- world-
We have been lavish in the entertainment oj
taries from all countries and of conventions oi
Let us now surpass the record of th<
in the reception w<
••
the reception has done
I work. Ii has planned the festival on a-compre
rranged I I the volun
_ to thc-.r homes and in obtaining em- j
ment. It has been tireless ; .'.i
■ plish all the people can desire in
of welcoming the heroes. It therefore merits
the p r "!]ii>t as well as the cordial co-operation 0
'' • tim< left for preparation is not long.
The transport is on the way. Let the money be Forth
■ ■
1! San Franciscan who
■ ■ . -'. ■ ■ re in 1 ime to the
ho help to make it
. ■ I triumphant. Many indeed
eral, the members of the theatrical .
:; notably so, but that i- hot enough. It
■: of many, but of all. Each,
in prepprtion I should contribute some
thing. Tl to be ] pular, and the fund that
; ■ . :■ should be popular.
This week, ■■ | I cc the whole of the
required fund itcd and in the hands of the
subscribe this week
■ t. and the 1 lore promptly the subscriptions
ar< ■ iceable they will be. San
all California in thi^ matter.
We are !■ ifornia boy- a California wel
come t give it in a way that the whole
State will !><• proud of. No I time For liberal
men to -how themselves liberal. Come up with the
Lett ■ the work of collecting funds over
with so that all energies can be directed to the prep
ons for the festival. It i- not too much to
$50,db0 for the purpose in view. It is not too much
• ■ :uc. Let it be given before the week
es.
R< • rts from the East of the murders and outr;
committed by American troopers are destroying some
of the romantic interest which attaches to Uncle Sam-;
ers. It should be a mafter of the deepest concern
to the yast majority of United States soldiers to see
that the few malefactors among them should be pun-
I. The (!• ommitted at Denver is
another terrible object lesson.
i elldoin seems to have taken the wrong
I ni \ric\y in the marriage bf the black impostor,
." and a.Jcwess. Aristocratic Lon
le a fool of jtself in patronizing the "black
to the limit of disgust, and now in the mar
ks the joke is on it. It would seem that the
is on the girl.
I: the '■ ' ■ irts of the Yaqui Indian war be
ect the Indians had to consent to be robbed or
murdered. It appears now that in antagonism to a
•■■ »r force they will have to mbmit to the tlicit
of their lands and the sacrifice of their liyes.
fl appears ' thai death, in its devastating sweep
1' - ugh-Porto Rico, failed to recognize the aristoc
racy of the island. Considerable surprise has been
< ■■ pressed in the dispatches that some of the be-t fami
|ii - uric not -pared by the reaper.
Manager Tom O'Rourkc has engaged Mid
weight Tommy Ky.yt to train Heavy- /.-eight Tom
Sharkcy for his baflle with Jeffries. He doesn't be
lieve the "cliamp" can beat tlais Tom Tom combina
tion.
ESTIMATE OF THE FILIPINOS.
> j — HE last appeal made to the nations by the Fili
= I pinos, which recites the facts, already affirmed
) * by one of Dewey's officers, that they had con
= quested Luzon and Panay single-handcu. and that
: under the laws of nations it was theirs by the title j
• j of conquest when Spain pretended to sell it to us by
i the treaty of Paris, will again rouse what may be |
called a personal interest in these people. To what i
1 stage of civilization have they advanced and to what i
: | extent are they educated are queries that bear for- I
cibly upon their standing and upon the most deplor- j
I able relation we occupy toward them.
There are two recent contributions to the stock of
, ; information on this subject that deserve respect and ;
> : will command widespread confidence. Mr. John j
\ ; Howe Peyton of Pennsylvania, a missionary of the \
» Episcopal lay order of St. Andrew, who has been in
service among United States troops since we invaded j
the islands, has written very comprehensively to Mr.
; Fortune of Pittsburg, who has published his letter. !
; Mr. Peyton, after describing excursions into the coun- j
; try. intercourse with the people and investigation of ;
, their social and educational status, says: "These peo- j
ple surprise me greatly. A larger percentage of them
: read and write than I found among the country people j
of West Virginia, Tennessee and other of our States. '
1 They are wonderfully polite and courteous, genial and
even affectionate when not repelled. And they have
' shown themselves brave in battle and persistent in :
' purp
, When the battle of Manila Bay was fought there
stood with Dewey on the Olympia an ex-naval of- j
! ficer, whose offer to volunteer for the day's. service
; was accepted by Dewey. This volunteer was Joseph
j L. Stickney, whose account of the battle written as j
I correspondent of The Call was the first detail to reach
the outside world. Mr. Stickney has remained in the
. Philippines and in touch with every phase of the sub-
Meet ever since, and has just issued a book, "War in
' the Philippines," which begins with the first event
, : and presents with painstaking particularity all obtain
i able documentary evidence on every side of the sub
ject. Its narrative comes down to June 14. 1899. so
that it is a reliable book of days to that date.
The author made the acquaintance of Aguin
, ! and the members of his government. He says that
, Aguinaldo is only _•') years old, but is a thoroughly
trained and intelligent leader, is well educated and a
; lawyer of merit. Mr. Stickney continues: "He won
his leadership not by chance but by his own energies
and abilities, joining the insurrection against Spain in j
the latter part of 1896. Spain maintained a strict j
: blockade, making the importation of arms impossible, j
and the rebellion languished.. When it was on its last
! ! legs Spain offered to meet all the rebels' demands for
governmental reform and pay the leader the sum of
$400,000 in gold to abandon the outbreak. Aguinaldo
: was to be paid the first half of the money in Hong- j
I kong, whereupon he was to notify his followers, who
were then to lay down their arms. This was carried
' out at the close of [897, and the treaty of Biyak was
■signed in all solemnity. Then, dealing with the Fili
pinos just as she had with the Cubans in i^"*. Spain
. refused to carry out the rest of the agreement and the
insurgents renewed the hostilities as fast as they could j
: obtain equipment, the $200,000 received by Aguinaldo
going for that purpose. When the United States de
clared war against Spain the new rebellion was well
under headway."
• Here Mr. Stickney quotes General Francis V. .
Grcgnc, U. S. A., to show how honorable was the po- i
sition maintained by Aguinaldo. Though he was sued
. by Artacho, another of the leaders, for a division of
I the money, he kept the sum intact as the trustee of his
{ countrymen for the purpose of forcing redemption of
the Spanish pledge of government reform. This part
of Stickney's narrative, affirmed by General Greene, is
of special importance, since Aguinaldo has been held
I IP to contempt by the imperialist press as a mercen
ary who sold out his countrymen for Spanish gold.
This view of him has been of injury to the people of
the United States, who are furnishing the men an 1 •
money to fight him, because it represented him a- ■< ;
\ mercenary quitter, a poltroon, who might be expected
. to run at any moment.
Of his officers Mr. Stickney says: "The Secretary 1
of Foreign Affairs is Cayetano S. Arellano, formerly
professor of law in Manila University, a magistrate
and leader of the bar; his assistant in diplomacy is j
Dr. Pardo de Tavera, an author of repute and grad- j
! uate of the University of Paris. The General Director
jof the War Department is Antonio Suna, a bacteriolo- <
j gist, student of Pasteur at Paris and graduate of his i •
i institute. Jose Alexandrino is chief of the Bureau of j c
I Agriculture and Fernando Cannon of Public Work;, !
! one a graduate of Ghent and the other of Leyden. ;
The Bureau of Hygiene and Sanitation is in charge
of Dr. Jose Albert, graduate of the University of Ber- ;
lin. Ibarra, Secretary of Home Affairs; I*asa, head of j
the Department of Justice; Alos, Chief of the Police j !
Establishment, and Tangeo. Registrar of the Depart- j:
ment of Justice, are all university graduates and law
yers of distinction. Baldomero Aguinaldo is Sccre- \ 1
. tary of War. Trios. Secretary of the Treasury, is 3j ■
j wealthy merchant, and so are Ledesma, Secretary o!
the Navy, and Romo, Chief of the Bureau of Com- ■ >
merce. Pedro Paterna is President of the Filipino 1
Congress and a graduate of the University of Madrid.
! Segardo, Chief of the Treasury Bureau, is a graduate 1
: of one of the English universities."
It i- quite doubtful if any Cabinet in the world his
as large a percentage of educated men as that of the
Philippine republic, while Mr. Peyton's testimony as
to the universality of education among the people goes !
to show that the university men are not exceptional ■
instances resting upon a foundation of ignorance, but •■
the natural outgrowth of the love of a people for learn- j
I ing and the liberty to which it leads.
1 *~ •
THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION AGAIN
WITH the return of prosperity under the Re
publican tariff there has been ;m increase in the
number of immigrants hastening from Europe
to profit by the work and the wages which are now
abundant, and with that increase there has come a re
vival of the demand for a revision of the immigration
laws and the enactment of more stringent regulations j
against the admission to the country of undesirable
■ his.
Statistics given out by the Bureau of Immigration |
show that !<>r the year ending June .30, 1899, the num
ber of immigrants that entered our port.-, was .111.
--878, as compared with 220.209 for the previous year.
More than that, the indication-, arc that the coming]
year will show a very large increase over last year, for
Commissioner Powderly states in his report that he
is receiving a large number of inquiries from abroad
as t<> the best place to locate in this country.
Attention has been directed to the fact that the in
crease of immigration is largely from despotic and
comparatively unenlightened countries ct Eastern and
Southeastern Europe.' It is well known the people j
of those section's have a hereditary antagonism to gov- j
eminent because of the oppressions they have suf- '
fere-.! They are saturated with ideas of socialism, or
nihilism, of anarchy, or perhaps have no ideas at all
about government and are simply animated by discon
TIIE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
: tent. They do not'understand our Government or our
i institutions, have but little sympathy with them, and
': come to our shores solely because they have great
; expectations tot acquiring wealth. When those ex-
pectations are disappointed such immigrants will in
evitably join the idle, discontented classes of our great
cities Their lawlessness will complicate strikes and
all other industrial or civil disturbances, and be a con
: tinua! menace to labor and to capital alike.
It is not only desirable but imperative that some re
; striction be placed upon immigration of that kind.
; The recent investigations of the United States Indus
trial Commission show that the present laws are vague
! and lax, and it is almost impossible to enforce them.
Thus it is made clear that something should be done
at the coming session of Congress to revise the
statutes on the subject and guard the republic against i
i a form of invasion which 15 almost as evil as any j
military invasion could be.
The issue has long been before the American peo-
I pie. Time and again stringent immigration laws have
been reported to Congress, but in almost every case
: they have been pigeonholed in conunittee-rooms or
beaten on the floor of either the House or the Sen
ate. Such laws as have been enacted are now shown
Ito be comparatively valueless. The issue, therefore,
\ remains unsettled. It is to be seen whether the in
creasing rush of immigrants noted in the fiscal year
just closed and likely to be even greater in the present j
year will so arouse the people as to compel Congress ,
to t.ike action of an adequate kind without further de- j
lay.
THE PORTO RICO HURRICANE.
DETAILS from Porto Rico show that the hurri
cane which recently swept over that island
caused an amount of destruction which makes
it one of the most appalling calamities of our times.
Lack of communication throughout the island ren
ders it impossible for the officials to gather full infor
mation of the number of deaths or the extent of the
damage, but from what lias been learned Governor
General Davis estimates that upward of a thousand
persons were killed, something like ioo.ooo rendered
homeless, one-fifth of all the dwellings on the island
destroyed and all crops and most of the fruit trees
iuir.ed.
Had a disaster so widespread and so terrible
occurred in any northern country it would have en
triled famine and starvation and" a winter of desola
ticn. No new crops could be raised between now and
ti.e coming of frosts, and the ruin wrought directly
by the storm would be largely augmented by the in
evitable distress that would follow. Fortunately, it
v. ill not be so bad in Porto Rico. The tropics have
many cviK but they are not without compensating
advantages. It will be comparatively easy to erect
sa< h houses as are needed in that climate, and the
fcitilt soil under the ever-glowing sun will soon send
up tcod for the people whose crops have been de
-roved.
The one necu of the island is immediate relief, ati'l
it i: a K f ""i fortune for the people they are now a part
oi the United State?. That prompt and liheral char
ity for which our country is noted will be extended to
them. The Government itself has but little money
avalirble for help, but private contributions can be
counted on to compensate for any lack of governmen
tal ,-issistance. Our officials will go to that island not
with arms in their hands but with food, clothing and
money. The effects of the terrible disaster will bo
alleviated as far as humanity can do it. In Porto
Rico a f any rate, '"benevolent assimilation"' will not
be a mockery. To the stricken people there Uncle
.SrMii \\i!i be truly a helper and a friend in a time of
need. •
SOUTH AMERICAN COMMERCE.
CONSIDERABLE information concerning the
commerce of the countries south of us is given
in a recently issued bulletin of the trcasur
bureau of statistics. It has long been the aim of ou
n/ore enterprising merchants and of some of our
greatest statesmen to obtain for the United States the
bulk of that commerce, and it is therefore somewha
discouraging to learn that after all efforts so far we
have but a small fraction of it.
From a summary of the statistics given it appeirs
that while our trade with Mexico and with the West
I tidies is comparatively Rood, we are far behind other
nations in dealing with countries farther south. It is
said of the total imports of all South America, 87 per
cent is taken by the countries bordering upon the two
oceans, and but 13 per cent by those bordering upoi
the Caribbean. Marching down the eastern coast .0
South America, we find Brazil importing, in 1897
goods to the value of over $105,000,000. uf which the
United States supplied about 12 per cent; Uurugua>
and Paraguay $22,000,000. of which our share was less
than 7 per cent, and Argentina $05,000,000, of which
less than 7 per cent was from the United States, while
a tour of the Pacific Coast shows importations into
Chile of $24,000,000: Peru. $8,500,000; Bolivia, $11,
--600.000. and Ecuador, $7,000,000, the proportion from
the United States averaging about 10 per cent. Thus
the northern coast of South America, fronting on the
Caribbean Sea. imports goods to the value of $36,000,
--000, of which we supply an average of 25 per cent
the eastern coast, fronting on the Atlantic, $222,
--000.000. and the Pacific Coast, $51,000,000, of which
our proportion is in each case about 10 per cent.
While we supply these small percentages of the
goods imported into South American countries we
are by far the largest importers of their goods. We
are the chief consumer of the coffee, rubber and other
chief articles of export of Brazil, and of the wool and
[tides of Argentina. Of the South American countries
fronting on the Pacific Coast it is noted the United
States, in 1807, purchased goods valued at $88,408,119,
while her sales to them in that year were but $24,480.
013. or less than one-third of her purchases from
them: in 1898. despite the fact that to the whole world
our sales were double the amount of our purchases.
th< to the South American countries beyond the
Caribbean Sea were still but about one-third of the
amount of our purchases from them.
The explanation of this unsatisfactory condition of
trade is that Europe owns the ships that carry South
American commerce, and as we export more to
Europe than we import from that continent, an
opportunity is afforded shipowners to make profitable
triangular traffic. The heavy exports from South
America are brought to our ports, our exports are
then carried to Europe, and European exports are
taken to South America.
Such a condition of affnirs will prevail as long as
the commerce of the ocean is under control of the
merchant marine of European nations. Our mer
chants and shipowners, no matter how enterpri-ing
they may be. cannot compete successfully with the
lidized ships of foreign nations. The trade of
h America will be ours whenever our statesmen
work for it in the only way by which it can be
mplished. Commercial treaties are of little value
5S there be ships to profit by them. We shall
the bulk of the trade of the countries south of
henever we follow the example of European
>ns and build up a merchant marine equal to the
s of the republic.
MINGLING DIVERGENT MANKIND
i Can the Contact of Two Races in the
Philippines Result Beneficially to
Either?
in.
THUS, it will be seen, the American
people have experienced associa
tion and contact with the red race,
the black race and the yellow
race. Their experience with these
forms of social contact has not
been satisfactory or encouraging. Nearly
all that our people are really ashamed of
: in their history is comprised in the In
; dian problem, the negro problem and the
: Chinese problem. Yet with all these evil
'■■ and even disgraceful results recorded dis
; tinctly in our brief history, the people of
j the United States are now apparently
I considering with favor the proposition of
intermingling with the only remaining
race with which they can experiment.
Having trif-d living with the red, the
black and the yellow, and made a wretch
ed failure in every experiment, they must
new try the brown men of the Philip
pines.
The idea of "expansion." as it is now
advanced in this country, does not merely
mean the acquirement of new territory
and the establishment of greater bound
j aries. A mere extension of area might
I not be necessary, but ft might not b* in
! jurlous. The real danger of the policy
iof expansion is in the new population
which is to be added to and form a part
of our nation.
The condition at present is quite dlf
ferent'from that involved in the ■acquire
ment of the Louisiana purchase and the
Mexican territory. In each of these cases
we acquired contiguous territory, thinly
populated by a people whose location
| would have given us as much troublft had
we not acquired the territory as it ac
tually did after we-acquired it. The curse
of race contact did not become greater by
the expansion, although it continued as
before.
The retention of the Philippines, how
ever, will be vastly different. They are
not contiguous to our own country; tfteir
climate is such that they do not become
desirable .homes for the white race, and
their average population to the square
mile is already four tim< a us great as the
United States now sustains. In acquiring
the territory west of the Mississippi we
obtained a fine land thinly populated,
lying in the temperate zone adjacent to
our own country and fitted in every way
for permanent occupancy. In acquiring
the Philippines we do not get a square
mile of territory that a white man will
want to cultivate. We merely acquire the
responsibility and dan^'-r of associating
with 7,'jOO.Q'jO of Malays and Cninese, with
whom we cannot intermarry . and against
whom we will necessarily wag*- inter
mittent warfare till we either sop irate
from them or exterminate them. The re
sults cannni fail to be similar to those
arising oui of our contact with the In
dians, the negroes arfd the Chinese. It is
not a question of location l>ut of race con.
tact, for i» matters not whether the
whites and Malays come together in this
country or In the Philippines., the nsu.i
is sire to be disastrous and shameful to
both.
If we permanently retain the Philip
pines we must either control the people
by despotic military government or Hue
admit th»Tn to participation in our na
tional affairs, lirst as one or more Terri
tories, afterward as States. In the first
cas<' we shall have abandoned, by adopt
ing military rule, all our theories about
the rights of self-government and the
desirability of republican institutions and!
democratic ideals. We shall have as sub-|
stitutes for these the Imperialistic form?*]
of ancient Rome and modern Kngland. j
We shall have become conquerors and
rulers of other men, without any neces
sity for such action, instead of a body of
people maintaining and extending liberal
and progressive Institutions, demanding
freedom for ourselves and extending it to
others. We shall have taken the path
which led t<> the dissolution of ancient
Rome. Our people have fur y-'ars de
nounced the military despotism which
Great Britain has extended over weaker
people in all parts of the world, and 1
lake it for granted that they do not be
lieve thai this is to be their own future.
On the other hand, if we admit the Fil- j
Ipinos to participation in our govern
mental affairs as a part of the republic
we shall lower our average national
standard of intelligence and efficiency by
the admixture of ~ ,000 of Malays and
Chinese, most of them ignorant and en
tirely unfamiliar with the Ideals of our
degree of civilization, our national bound
ary s will b< enlarged to include the
islands and their people, and the result
will l"' not greatly different from admit
ting 7.000,000 of these races as Immigrants,
to become a part of our nation in that
way. ThTe is something curiously ab
surd in the present position of our peo
ple. A U m years ago they were so hostile
to the Chinese becoming a part of this
nation that they were almost prepared
to raise armies and drive tlvm into the
B«a. Now the same people are actually
raising armies for the purpose of com
pelling Malays and Chinese to come into
the nation and unite with us. It should
be obvious to all that we cannot expect
from contact with the brown race any
better results than we have secured from
association with the others.
All sorts of ideas exist with regard to |
our duty toward the Filipinos. There is
the chivalrous American who considers
Agulnaldo a patriotic George "Washing
ton fighting for the liberties of his coun
try. There is ihe money making expan
sionist who thinks he sees commercial
advantage in the retention of the islands,
and who cares not a nickel about the
rights and wrongs of the question. There
is the pious reformer who loves his fellow
creatures s > much that he advances upon
<?ap You Qu^ss t^ Exact Ji/r\e of t^
Arrival of t^ Qaliforpia
l/olupteers?
EF SO YOU CAN WIN" $50. AND ALSO HAVE THE HONOR OF DONATING
$50 TO THE GENERAL FUND OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
7~^ VERY BODY is on the tiptoe of expectancy as to the date of the arrival of the Calif cifiia • ■'•'-
-fZ, untccrs. Can you guess the exact time; if not how near? To the person who guesses the near-
est to the exact time (day, hour, minute and second) the Sunday Call, will give $100, one-half of
which"; ($5O) goes to the lucky guesser and the other half ($5O) will be donated in the name of that
• person to the general funds of the entertainment committee.
The Merchants' Exchange of this city will furnish the official record of the sighting of the :
transport, and from that record the decision will be made.
The terms of the contest are: • •. ■ .
All guesses. must be made on a coupon cut from the Daily or Sunday Call.
Each person is allowed to fill out as many coupons' as desired and they may be mailed each day
or all together, at the pleasure of the guesser. 0 _,
No coupons will be received or entered into the contest that bear a postmark later than August 20, -
Fill out this coupon and mail to Coupon Editor Sunday Call.
I I GUESS THAT THE TRANSPORT SHERMAN WITH THE $
I CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS WILL BE SIGHTED BY THE $
I TIMEKEEPER OF THE MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE AT: 1
"a ■ " ■*"
* 97?onth "Date .... Jfour ( s>? ') 97? mute . Second. ..... *
Q ■ ' V.P.M / f Q
9famo
J *
* jfddress v . *
■ - ■■":/ . ■■"• ■-"■■- . .-■;• •.•■'.'■ •
them with the Bible in one hand and a
Krapr-Jorgensen rifle in the other, preach
ing benevolent despotism, praising his
God. -whom he evidently assumes to wear
epaulets, and devoutly expecting the
Malay to acquire as much civilization In
a few brief years as the white race has
accomplished in twenty centuries. There
is the man of intense patriotism who in
sists that "the American flag must never
be pulled down." even though it be raised
over a dung-hill or a nest of rattlesnakes,
and who conceives it to be his duty to ex
terminate the Filipinos first and then
treat with them afterward.
All these have arguments to make along
their varying lines of thought, but it is
impossible for any of them to deny the
dangers and evils that result from the
contact of two divergent races. It mat
ters not what course we take in dealing
with the islanders: it matters not whether
it is right or wrong to rule the Islanders
with benevolent intentions instead of per
mitting them to rule themselves. The
truth still remains that we cannot in any
way bring the white race and the brown
together, either here or there, without
developing the evils which are inseparable
from that condition. What God has put
asunder let not foolish man attempt to
bring together.
It is this feature of the Philippine prob
lem which should make expansionists
pause. Expansion into the Philippines or
even into Cuba, whether with or without
consent of the people of those islands, Is
not merely the procurement of more ter
ritory. It" is- not merely the enlargement
of Uncle Sam's national farm. It is the
admission into our national organization
of several millions of people who can
never amalgamate with our own popula
tion, and who* must be either ruled as
political serfs or else exterminated. W e
have exterminated the Indians; we have
driven out the Chinese; we are now ririing
the negroes as political serfs in the South
ern States in a condition which is a curse
to the whites as well as the blacks and
a shame to republican institutions. "\\ hat
do we propose to do with the Malays of
the Philippines when they become a part
of our national organization by the policy
of GEORGE A. RICHARDSON.
GEORGE A. RICHARDSON.
PlacervJlle, August 7. 18M.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Here are some of the features that win
apear in next Sunday's Call. A number of
other good stories ar* also on tap, and
will be announced later.
Jason Brown, a son of the famous John
Brown of Harpers Ferry fame, is a Cali
fornia rancher, and fn next Sunday's Call
he tells the pathetic story of his life.
Who will be the next .Pope? The Call
has secured direct from Rome portraits
of the twenty-seven Cardinals, one of
whom will undoubtedly be the next Pope.
This complete set of pictures has never
before appeared in any newspaper.
Two Weeks as a Telephone Girl. A
Sunday call reporter has spent two weeks
at Central, and will form actual experi
ences and observation tell why the hello
giris Hf>ek relief by suicide..
Count Huokichi Mutsu. the Japanese
Consul, discusses the latest treaty with
Japan and its advantages to America in
gf-neral and to San Francisco in particu
uar.
The- only bumboat woman on the Paicflc
Coast plys hf-r vocation right here in San
Francisco. Read the strange story of her
life.
How the Japanese fishermen dive for
abalones. One of the most curious indus
tries on the Pacific Coast.
Picture.- of Admiral Dewey on the Olym
pia. homeward bound. This will interest
you.
The above are only a few of the human
interest stories that have been selected.
There will be a lot of other featurs. None
of these articles will be copyrighted, and
therefore any paper can copy them; but
the original stories will be found in next
Sunday's Call.
Sailors in the Philippines Are Grate-
f ul to The Call.
•U. S. Flagship Baltimore, Manila, P. 1..
July 5, 1599.
To The Call, San Francisco: Here's to
the great newspaper of tfie Golden West
from the crew of the Baltimore, who
wish to. render thanks for the kindness
shown them and the whole fleet far away
in the Philippines. We are glad to know
that some good folks are thinking of us
over here and letting tip know what is
going on in our own country and else
where once in a while. The .papers are
greatly appreciated by the men forward,
and we know the officers are also glad
to receive them." We all anxiously look
for The Call, and once again permit us
to thank you for so kindly remembering
us. Very respectfully,
CREW' OF THE FIGHTING-SHIP
BALTIMORE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. L. Kincaid of Stockton is a guest at
the Rubs.
A. J. Larson, a -newspaper man of Lodi,
is at the Grand.
C. E. Stone, a fruitman of Fresno, is a
jfiiest at the Ruea.
V. Costa Andredo is registered at the
Palace from London.
State Senator B. F. Langford is at the
Lick from San Joaquin.
Judge N. K. Harris has come down from
Fresno and is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. and Mr?. Buller of Montreal are
among the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Mr. a^d Mrs. J. Straus of Yokohama
are among the late arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. Powell, one of the leading physi
cians of Marysville, ie a guest at the
Pala"ce.
L. P. Goffin, a traveler from Brussels.
is among the recent arrivals at the
Palace.
W. F. Sil ley. Sheriff of San Joaquin. 1 =
registered at the Lick from his home in
Stockton.
W. Y. Summer?, a big merchant and
mining man of Juncau, is a guest at the
rnia.
H. 11. HarlOW, a wealthy mine owner
of Gold Gulch, is among the late arrivals
at the Grand.
J B Ryer. one of the leading men of
New York, la at the Palace aecompar.k-d
by his family.
Arthur B. Wood of Honolulu has re
turned to the rity and is again registered
at the Occidental.
Frank Barret, a wealthy oil speculator
P ride Grove, Is at the Lick, where h^
arrived yesterday.
Henry Garnett of the United States Geo
logical Survey Is at the Occidental with
his wife and daughter.
Allan Cameron and E. J. Coyle. two
prominent Canadian Pacific officials, are
registered at the Occidental.
C: W. f'adman. connected with the Val
ley road at Pinole, is at the Grand on bus-
I -rtaining to his position.
E. Besly. one of the leading citizens of
Denver, is at the Palace awaiting the ar
rival of the Colorado volunteers.
John D. Hart and Nelson B. Lansing
both arrived last evening on the China
from Honolulu and registered at the Oc
cidental.
B. F. Stern, managing owner of the
Humboldt County .Commission Company.
is a guest at the Grand, where he has
lately arrived from his home in Eureka.
A. Waterhouse. Rev. J. M. Evera and
Rev. T. S. Timoteo are three who arrived
In the city last night on the China from
Honolulu and registered at the Occi
dental.
President J. G. Schurma» of the Phil
ippine peace commission arrived from Ma
nila last night on the China. He said:
"I can tell you . nothing of the situation
in the Philippines and will decline to talk
on the subject until I have reported to
President McKinley."
Attorney George D. Gear arrived on thr*
China last night en route for Washing
ton, where he will endeavor to procure the
c of the imprisoned Galicians and
obtain a decision of the Supreme Court
of the Tnited States as to whether or
not the constitution of the United States
applies to Hawaii as a result of absorp
tion.
At the Palace is registered D. C. O'Reil
ly, vice president of the Columbia South
ern Railway of Oregon. Mr. O'Reilly i 9
here on business connected with his road
and will remain for several days. His
visit will be made doubly pleasant owing
fact that he is one of the most pop
ular men in the railroad business and has
many friends here who will be glad to
welcome him.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— Charles L. Ack
erman of San Francisco is at the Hol
land. Arthur S. Rosenblatt of San Fran
cisco is at the Hoffman. Mrs. G. E. Grid
ley of San Francisco is at the Gilsey.
Miss M. R. Stores of San Francisco is at
the Vendome.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SEATTLE TO VANCOUVER— L. M. H..
Oakland. Cal. There is a line of steamers
from Seattle to Vancouver, daily. There
la also one from Tacoma north via Van
couver, fare $11 75.
GOLANDRINA— H. P. P. T., Washing
ton, D. C. The weed known in botany as
golandrir.n and commonly called sn Ke
weed, "n account of its reputed efficacy
in the cure of bites by snakes, is abun
dant in San Diego County; California,
and in Arizona.
PLAINFIELD, N. J.— M. A. C. and E.
J. C. City. Plainfield. N. J.. is an Incor
porated city ami has a mayor, who js the
f-hief offleer. The papers published in
that nla<'.- are: The Courier-Now.-?, daily;
Central New Jersey Times, weekly: Press,
daily: ConsCltutior.al. weekly; Sabbath
Vr. weekly; Jersey Law Journal,
monthly; Ptculiar People, monthly.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend's. •
Special information .supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moni
gonitry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Yesterday's Fire.
A fire shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon damaged the two-story frame
residence of Mrs. Mary Walsh, 37 Elliott
Park, to the extent of about $500. The fir©
was caused by sparks from a chimney.
President McKinley and His Wife
Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
when they visit the famous Yellowstone Park.
They intend viewing the new geyser that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling water
to the height of the Call building. It's a
wonderful sight. Send 6c in stamps for book
telling all about if to T. K. STATELJER, Gen.
Alft., 638 Market St., S. F.
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Sante Fa
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and r«
turn at the very low rate ot $SS S5. Occa
sion. National Encampment. G. A. R. Call &t
62S Market st. for full particulars.
■ m ■
If you don't eat -welt or sleep -well, have head
aches and dizzy spells, try a spoonful of Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters.VOLUNTEERS HAVE NO
WISH TO REMAIN HERE
No Fear of Any "Desperate" or
"Idle" Characters,
Most of the Men Have Positions at Home
and the Others Can Get Them, So the
Examiner's Excitement Is Causeless.
BY constant association "with itself
. the Examiner is bringing its people
to the level of its own columns.
Half a week ego it was showering
mm] ■..; on General Shafter for using
the terms "skulkers" ami "riff-rait"
in the same sentence with "volunteers."
Now it has itself blossomed out in quoting
Its own managing; editor to the extent of
a verbatim report; with the terms "des
perate characters" and "idlers," both ap
plied directly to those of the volunteers
who have shown a reluctance to leave this
hospitable State after having been assured
that • hey* were welcome.
Among those who extended the greeting
there was none farther to the front than
the Examiner. So far ahead of its com
petitors -was it that It exhausted its wel
come before tht; first volunteer hove in
sight; there was no steam whistle along
the water front that blew a louder blast
than did the Examiner with ink and
paper; there was less wind in the cheer
that tang from the ferry building to Twin
Peaks than there was in the puff the Ex
aminer cave itself while devoting a few
lines to the returning soldiers; there was
ho type too large, no column too ion no
time" too inappropriate; it was everywhere, [
and, to itself, everything, and from the j
advent of the iirst to the coining of the ,
last the Examiner has posed as the friend '
of whoever would forget himself lor a j
moment . nd talk to one of its men. It re
iKairied for the privacy of a meeting, how
ever to show the true rift of the Exam
lner's patriotism; and even then it would
hardly have come out If it had not been
thought that the words of its managing
editor, spoken at a time when the policy :
of the ■•iit'er was for a moment lost sight
of. wen .w^rth embalming in the next
morning's issue.
"The railroad company does not
■want idle, desperate men running
around this city, and the citizens of
San Francisco do not want them."
This was the stupendous thought the
managing editor gave to the committee
on the rteeptiun in volunteers, and luiied
by the spell of his voice the paper printed
It in the morning. It would have beta
much better; failing to persuade the man
aging editor to hold his tongue, to have
overlooked this burst of luencc. but
the [Examiner had tit that mom 1:1 ax j
grinding upon the good will of the labor ,
unions of this city, and to secure a bet
ter edge it forgot all the good wind it had
shown' the ■ volunteers and it be ray a
them..
What business ha the Examiner to
raise the cry of "desperate" and ' idie
when a halt hour spent at the Preuldlo
would have shown that the volunteers do
not wish to stay there; that they have
positions of their own awaiting them;
that all they are hoping for is a chance 10
get home to their own people; that they
have no desire to rest under the shads of
the Examiner's columns and listen to its !
ceaseless babble; that they are a better 1
class of men than the Examiner can ap- j
prc-ciate; that they are not anxious to I
lend their Involuntary aid in baiting the j
Examinees net for subscribers, nor in 1
turning its grindstone? I
Eve'iy one of the volunteer organiza- j
tions tjia.t have so far been guests of the 1
city has"brought with It a record wrested ;
•from among the pestilential swamps of a
strange land. Their men can tell tales!
of bravery thai recall the birth of the j
nation they are so loyally supporting, and |
lhe reports upon them show they have j
done their duty nobly and well. Can there
be conceived any better qualifications for !
citizenship? Because a man has given up J
one., position to serve the flag docs it
follow that he must forever be classed
'by any irresponsible newspaper as a
"desperate" or "idle" character? Be
cause the Examiner.' thinks II sees a de- |
sire oh the part of a few to hurry the j
volunteers homo with indecent haste !
does it thereby secure the right to turn !
loose its ink pipes and spray everything!
to the same color as itself? The desper- i
Htlnn is a-11 in the Examiner office; and j
Judge the paper by the broad lines sup- |
posed to underlie the profession, and the
Idleness will be found there, too. •
. The volunteers have had a taste of j
"Western welcome. It was free and heart- !
felt and until the  miner owed itself. (
untainted by self-interest or selfishness. 1
When the troops were told they were wel- i
come thty believed it, and at this late day i
it is poor business tor the Examiner to
Veiie th* city nd say they were not. It 1
i.s only the miner which says it. but j
the howl of that paper is penetrating and 1
prolonged and from sheer weariness and 1
In the hope that it will cease many are I
constrained i.. admit that they hear it. ,
V.'itii the newcomers, however. It is a 1
different matter. They are met at the j
Farallones with "a request to denounce
their officers. That they afterward say
they were never Interviewed makes but
little matter, tor the Examiner will not
print their retractions and the other pa
pers are too busy with the news to cor- |
net the mistakes of their neighbor. The I
volunteers are patted upon the back all '
the way up Market street by the journal
istic faker; firecrackers: cheap on?:* se
cured on advertising contracts, are ex
ploded in their honor; overcoats are fur- .
niched to them at the ratio of eight to a \
regiment by some one o!se and through 1
the Examiner. They are. smothered In a j
masa of words— and then the paper stings
them like the serpent on the hearth.
it would not be so bad if they wore not
cupsts. The men ar# not in a position to :
raise their voices to condemn, for they J
have been well- treated here. There: IB
nothing cuts so dec] ■■ a3 for the in\-ol- j
untary guest, the stranger, ip learn that j
hr- is not welcome, and unless some one >
stops II thai Is what the Examiner will ;
teach the volunteers.; and in doing *o ki
will besmirch the name of this city, or
which it has bf-cn said. "The latch? ■
is always hanging free."
The percentage of those ho remain
. i
DIRECTORY \
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS |
AND JOBBERS, U\
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE METtTIOTt "TUB CALL."
.BF.LTINQ. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I t> HP^PK Manufacturer of Beltine and {AC P')YF^ tV ffl 1 Shl PP |r -B Botcher* id.
LF. IiCUCn, L<ICC Leather. 105-107 Mis- jA ' 3 ' bJICS a vU,, Clay. Tel.. Main 1234. ,
•Inn St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. " j
j,r.ii bo MAKERS - 1R " ro " »S. !
~~ —mrm. r>n TT nn TirnnTrn extern Foundry. Morton &Hedley. Props. |
PTTTfEKA BOILER WORKS. 234. Fremont 5t Castings of Kvery lie-
nUlL.LiiYil nVXULJXI vr vivx-kK-, scrip tion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
W. J. BIIADY, Proprietor. I -
facial AttenilM Paid u, Kefirs and Ship PAPER DEALERS.
Office and Wcr«-ilB- 115 MISSION ST. WILLAMETTE 'KJSSffSi '%&& |
Telephone Main D045. * — — - j
BOOKS AND .STATIONERY. PRINTIN3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, E-C-HUGHES^^J, IS^
, r^ISS, TUB KICKS- JUDD CO-, ^-^>,^; j
7 C OA Wi°r VON" &° X CO STATIONH.. AND PRINTER.
900 BATTERY STREET. CeA*». SrJ\Wt ■ KIUUL fomla it I
Telephone Main MSI
-COPPKKSMIT^ WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
. 'Joseph fox. Bopt. H. BLYTII. Mgr. ELACK DIAMO ND n coAL mining CO.. at its
C. Vr\- Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat GREEN RIVEH COLLIERIES,
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 16 Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Vr.*:-!njtton .St. Telephone Main 5041. Office ar.d Yards— lso Mam street. •I.
! here will be ridiculously small. There are
'■ some who have lived here and whose peo
■ pie are now residents of the State and
I city. Some of them will stay. But nearly
: all the others will go. There are no Ore
gon men hanging around, "desperate"
and "idle." Oregon was glad to get tin m
! all back, and Oregon is fully tin to the
Examiner standard of virtue. " Utah wants
i all her nun back.
""We don't want to leave a man," said
Lieutenant Hines, the battalion adjutant,
yesterday, and his words were 4 afterward
echoed by Major Grant and Adjutant
General Burton of Utah. And. the Exam
iner will have a hard time finding a Utah
i artilleryman here after next Thursday.
unless it hunts in the hospital. There are
some Utah men there who will stay for a
while, although they are neither "des
perate*" nor willingly "idle." Adjutant
Scott of the Pennsylvania men says the
same. "We will not leave a man here if
we can help it," he says, "and I am sure
|we can take them all. And even if we did
I leave some of them they are good enough
| citizens for Pennsylvania and we will bo
sorry to go away without them."
Then there are ' others who express
i themselves in this wav:
MAJOR CUTHBERTSON. Tenth Perm-
I sylvania/— can safely say that those
j members of our regiment who will be
; left behind will not be classed under the
: head of dangerous, lawless men. The fact
of the matter is there will" be few Penn
sylvania boys left here. I don't think any
of the boys will stay here and those who
do will not be found lacking in soldierly
bearing and gentlemanly instincts. Our
regiment is composed of the sons of the
finest families in Pennsylvania and every
one of them is a gentleman from' the
ground up.
MAJOR GEORGE NEFF. Tenth Penn
sylvania — volunteer army is com
posed for the most part of young men,
respectable and honorable, and most of
them had good positions when the war
broke out. The insinuation that there
will be left here scores of dangerous
characters is unfair and unpatriotic. The
Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment i;- made up
of men who left colleges, banks, news
paper offices :*.nd law books to enlist in
their country's cause. That sort of men
never make lawless citizens or dangerous
characters. The boys of the Tenth are
all anxious to return home and I don't
think any of them will be left here.
LIEUTENANT HOWARD, Tenth Pen
j sylvania— There isn't a man in the reg
I mc-nt whom the State of Pennsylvania
, will not welcome back with open arms.
; If they are lawless, dangerous or deeper-
I ate characters I'd like to meet a few more
: like them every day. They are as fine a
! Bel of boys as ever put foot In California.
MAJOR BIER.ER, Tenth Pennsylvania
— would feel safer with one of our boys
than I would with anybody in the Ex
aminer office. The volunteers as a class
are a most desirable aggregation of me
Our regiment represents some of th
finest families in Pennsylvania, None of
our boys desire to remain here. I'll vouch
for any one of them who happens to be
so unfortunate as to lose the train.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRAN"
EAGER. First Nebraska— There will on
be a few of our boys who will remain
here, possibly not more than six or seven
They simply Intend to tour the State.
Our regiment does not contain any of
those dangerous, desperate men who have
caused so much consternation. The vol
unteer army as a whole represents the
better class of people throughout th
United States. The army is a bad place
for a bad man. They soon find him out
and hr- doesn't last long.
PRIVATE BYRON McKEOWN. Com
pany H. Tenth Pennsylvania—lt seems to
me the statements are rather rough on
the volunteers. They struck me as be-
Ing a respectable, law-abiding clement. I
know there's not a man In our regiment
who com<p under the head of dangerous
or desperate. A man who is patriotic
enough to enlist In the army and fight for
his country is generally made of the right
kind of material, and it's a shame to at
tempt to blacken his character. They
don't need to be nfraid of any of the
Pennsylvania boys. I can vouch for
every member of the regiment.
PRIVATE GEORGE MEWS— I can
safely say that no member of our regi
ment can be termed a desperate, danger
ous character. Why. in Company I ajon6
thero are twenty-two lawyers, in >1 f"im
pany there are several doctors and other
profess! men. The regiment as a
■whole represents a high standard of
Pennsylvania's citizenship. I can safely
predict that all of our regiment will re
turn home as soon as the men are mus
tered out.
CAPTAIN CRITCHLOW. Battery P..
Utah Artillery— l had not given the mat
ter much attention, but one thing l can
say with Impunity, "I .know of no dis
reputable characters in my battery." The
men have all been well treated since their
sojourn here, and, beyond hearing of one
or two members that have signified their
intention of remaining behind. I think all
of the men will return to Utah.
QUARTERMASTER BURCH of Bat
tery B. Utah Artillery, when he heard of
the allegations that had been made be
smirching the characters of the volun
teers, smiled and said: "Well, I don't
think the people of this city will be trou- j
bled by the men of this battalion. Most, j
of them left good positions in Utah, and j
aside from two or throe members, who,
1 understand: are residents of this State,
the boys will return as a body. If we
h.^ve any hard characters among us they
have vet t<> come to the surface."
SERGEANT. BEZ/.ANT'. Battery A,
Utah Artillery— l have heard none of the
men if this battery express a desire to
remain behind. The people of Utah are
proud of the record made by the organiza
tion, and I can recall no "desperate men
or vagabonds" among the enlistments.
Sealed In his tent behind a tanle, with
a pen stuck back of his ear. Corporal
Wlckersham or Battery T? said ho knew
of no men that wished to lag behind to
become objects of charity and eventual
ly ride the blind baggage way back to
Utah. "Many of the members," Raid 'he,
"arc miners and union men. anxious to
get home. We have been well treated.
THE SA!N FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
but your people will not be bothered by
us."
CORPORAL JENSEN. Battery B. Utafc
Artillery— l have heard that three or four
of our men might remain here upon the
( departure of the battalion, but under
stand they were former residents of this
State. No, 1 don't know' of any rough
characters among us. Of course I have
expected there would be some talk, but
I think the I'tah mm will do nothing to
reflect discredit on the organization.
PRIVATE MORTON, Battery B. I'tah
Artillery— l hear two or three of our peo
ple ire" to stay here, but this State is
their home. Some of the battery may
come back here at some future day, but
after being mustered out San Francisco
! will know us no longer.
Private Morton could recall the names
of no thugs or miscreants of any sort in
his battery.
PRIVATE H. G. BEANE. Battery B,
Utah Artillery, know of but one man that
would not return to- I'tah and that ia a
former resident. He laughed and said,
"The railroad companies or labor organi
zations will not be troubled by us fel-
PRIVATE JAMES QUINN of Battery
| B reaffirmed the story of his comrades.
I He was not aware of the presence in the
, battery of any desperate or dangerous
men to pester the populace of this city.
, He thought the m«-n would leave for home
a .In a body.
There a good many of the volunteers
who. after th.-y have spent some time at |
home, will come out here again and settle i
down. Does the Examiner wish them to
stay away? And if it does, will it cancel ,
: the columns of matter it ran while boom- I
i ing the old Half-Million Club of this city? \
: And its frantic efforts to get the farmers j
j to admit that they were prosperous and
able to sell their land and what they pro- ,
duced on it? And its endless wails about :
I the decline of real estate and the need of
! more people from the East to join us?
The Examiner has run an erratic course
for a good many years, but none of its
wild utterances have ever been so wanton j
or as ill advised as its latest cbaracterixa- !
I tlon of the volunteers who might wish to i
stay among tis. To class them a.ll as '
; "desperate" and "idle" Is the worst kind
:Of foolishness. It insults them and it in- i
j suits the city. The city is used to it. but j
j the volunteers are not. They feel hurt
j that anything has been said to sour the |
! taste of their welcome, for that kind of !
: left-handed hospitality is never forgotten.
■ It is too bad the Examiner could not have, j
j refrained from quoting its own managing
| editor. It might, in the little charity it
j possesses, have kept quiet just a little
longer.
ON HIS WAY EAST
FROM HIS MISSION
TO THE FILIPINOS
STAYING at the Palace, where, he ar
rived last night from the China, the
vessel that brought him home from
his mission in the Philippines, is Phil
ippine Commissioner Jacob Gould Sehur
man. With him are his wife. Mrs. George
i Munro and Miss E. Bash. The party will
remain In the city but a short time, as it
is the Intention of Commissioner Sehur
■ man to report at Washington with the
least possible delay.
Mr. Bchurman left Manila on July 5 on
the Bennington, which vessel had been
placed at his service ty the Navy Depart
in- :it. From Hongkong he went to Kobe,
whence he traveled by land to Yokohama.
being in the latter city at the time the
Japanese Emperor Issued the famous re
script, that which announced the treaties
th.-it admitted Japan into the fellowship
of nations. This event, Mr. Bchurman
says, created the mom profound sensation
I throughout the entire country.
Previous to his appointment to the presi
dency of the Philippine Commission Mr.
F.rhurman was the president of Cornell
i University, and was granted leave of ab
by the trustees of that Institution
:cept the Important office that called
: him to the Orient. He expects to finish his
' duties at Washington in time to preside
! at the opening of the next term of his col
j lege. when he will again take up the edu-
I catlonal unties that have been Interrupted
| during the last few months.
Mr. Schurman is a tall, smooth-shaven,
distinguished looking gentleman of ex
! ceedingly polished address. He expressed
the regret that h< Celt at the fact that he
: was prohibited from discussing in any
manner matters In connection with his
: missiun to the Philippines, as such a pro
ceeding would be highly improper until
his report had been delivered to the proper
authorities at Washington.
AS ESCORT TO THE
CALIFORNIA LADS
HE LEFT OUR CITY
AMONG th<- pasengers who" arrived tn
the city last night on the China was
Lieutenant Commander O. Block-!
linger, who went out to Manila on
.he Charleston last May when that vessel
acted as escort to the California and Ore
r-on volunteers aerosfe the long stretch of
ocean that lay between their American
homes and fame.
Arriving at Manila. Commander Block
linger continued with the fleet, performing
various duties and winning from his ad
miral roir.mf ndation in everything that he
undertook. He wns present .at many of
tho actions in which the navy was pitted
against the Filipinos, as well us taking
pari in the bombardment of August 13.
which cleared the Spanish trenches and
opened the path by which the California
troops stunned and took Manila.
TEACHERS ELECT OFFICERS.
Annual Meeting of the San Francisco
Club in the Mercantile Library.
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Teachers' Club, held in the Mer
cantHe Library building, corner of Golden
Gate and Van Ness avenues, last evening.
the following officers were elected to
serve during the ensuing year:
President, A. B. Kellogg (re-elected);
vice- president, Miss Mary Magner; secre
tary, Mrs. M. M. FttzGerald (re-elected);
treasurer. C. C. Young (re-elected t;
librarian, Miss Mury I. Connellj directors
Miss Kate Hodgklnson and Miss Agnes
Regan.
Thirty-two new members were elected
;ind the reports of the retiring officers
showed th^ club to be In a prosperous
condition. The club now has a member
ship of 152.
A Neglected Graveyard.
Seven-year-old Willie Elsie of 2722 Gold
en Gate avenue was playing Klondike
yesterday with .some little fellows of his
own agent the junction of Golden Gate
I avenue and Stanyan street, and in dig
i fflnp for gold unearthed some human
j hones and the fragments of a coffin.
Pieces of the shroud and a pair of boots
' were . also found. The gruesome relics
! were taken to the Morgue, but neither in
! quest nor autopsy will be held. The site
i on which the bones were found was a
I cemetery many years ago. and when the
bodies were exhumed some were for
gotten.
In the Divorce Court.
Anna M. Klaymann has been granted a
divorce from William Klaymann on the
ground of failure to provide. Christian
Abraham was granted a divorce yester
day by Judge Dalngerfleld from Augusta
Abraham on the ground of extreme
cruelty. The custody of the four minor
children was awarded to Mr. Abraham.
Suits for divorce have been filed by .Mary
J. Cook against James H. Cook for failure
to provide, and Grace I. Cretser against
Frank E. Cretser for cruelty.
Cordelia Botkin'B Case.
Judge Carroll Cook made an order yes
terday grantinp Cordelia Botkln. con
victed of the murder of Mrs. John P.
Dunning, fifteen days' further stay of ex
ecution. The bill of exceptions prepared
by Mrs. Botkin'B attorneys has been filed
but not yet settled.
Arion Verein.
Members at the Arion have expressed them
selves as thoroughly pleased with the ZlnkanU
in all its appointments. «
Mrs. Terry Held.
Mrs. Mary Terry, alias Mrs. Krlesten
sen, alias '^Nellie- Brown., was held to an
swer yesterday before the United States
Grand Jury on a charge of counterfeiting:.
ROCKSTROH IS
WELL PUNISHED
BY TREADWELL
He Is Subjected to a
Heavy Fine.
OTHER CHARGES TO ANSWER
HE CONDUCTED A DBUGSTORE
WITHOUT BEGISTRATION.
The Judge Pays Attention to Men
Who Practice Medicine With
out a Diploma and Wants
Them Arrested.
F. E. Rockstroh. proprietor of a drug
store at Seventh and Howard streets, has
got himself into serious trouble through
violating the law by selling poison with
out a physician's prescription, and also
for conducting the store without having
a registered pharmacist in charge.
He was convicted on Saturday by Judge
Tread-well on the charge of not register
ing the sale of opium to John Keenan,
and appeared for Sentence yesterday. The
Judge took occasion to express in forcible
F. E. ROCKSTROH.
language his opinion of Rockstroh and his
pretended mistake in giving Keenan crude
opium for gum arable. In the course of
his remarks the Judge said:
No man should be permitted in thin city
or in any other city to Fell drugs by prescrip
tion in bulk or in any form without having a
thorough knowledge of pharmacy. There is
no tellliiK how many unfortunate persons have
suffered by the druira compounded and admin
istered to them nt the hands of this confessed
violator of the law. I may add also that this
city and county i- Infested by quacks and pre
tended medical advisers who have .preyed and
imposed upon the public without fear of th.
law they are also n menace to this com
munity by endangering the lives and health
of our citizens. Healers Innumerable, with
out license am) without diploma and -without
knowledge of the great science at medicine or
surcery, are permitted to flaunt their per
nicious and Immoral pamphlets at the door
steps of our families, which is a disgrace to
the community and unfit to be read.
These men have no license, no certificate,
no diploma or any other I^Kal evidence which
would entitle them to practice medicine or
surgery; PtHl they have been permitted to
prey upon the public. We . cannot tell how
many people they have killed or how many
persons henlth they have Impaired by reason
of their incompetency and ignorance of the
AMUSEMENTS.
JONES AND EDDY STREETS,
...TO-NIGHT...
The Great Musical and Society Event
of the Century!
SALE OF SEATS
Commences at 9 a. m. TO-DAY at Sherman, Glay &
Co.'s Music Store, Sutter and Kearny
Streets.
Prices - - - $1.50 and $2.00
...THE...
NEW YORK
SOCIETY'S
CONCERT
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE FUND TO
The San Francisco Arion, the Teutonfa Society, the great lady soprano
who accompanies the Arions, and Francis Mandolin Orchestra of thirty in-
struments will participate.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT!
"TRQVATORE"
With the Famous Cast of 'Singer*.
Reappearance of SIGNOKINA ELLA PROS-
NITZ as Leonora.
"Trovatore" repeated Thursday anil Sunday
Evenings and Saturday Matinee.
ANOTHER GREAT TRIUMPH!
Enormous Success of Beethoven's. Only Opera,
"FIDELIO."
The Musical World Enraptured! -...;
"Fidello" is a Gem of Composition!
Press and Public Laud "Fidelio!"
"Fldelio"- rrprated Weditfsday, Friday and
. ■ Saturday Nights. '•-,v:*.-- :;
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and SO cents.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
. ■ - ■ . ■■
science which they profess to understand.
These men should be arrested, and if they are
brought before me and the proof* is sufficient
that they have acted iri such capacity in vio
lation of the law I tvlll enforce the statute
In such cases made and provided to its full
extent.
The. Judge then sentenced Rockstroh to
pay a fine of $300, with the alternative of
130 days in the County Jail. Rockstroh s
attorney gave notice of appeal, and his
bonds were lixed in $2WO. Later Rockstroh
paid the fine.
Rockstroh was also charged in Judge
Conlan's court with selling cocaine to Jo
seph Carter without a physician's pre
scription. When Carter appeared in court
the Judge recognized him as a member or
the company that played "Muldoon s Pic
nic" at the old Bush-street Theater. He.
is a physical wreck through the use or
cocaine and morphine. Carter was charged
with vagrancy, but the Judge released
him on his own recognizance and contin
ued Rockstroh's case until this morning.
Samuel L. Waller also swore to a com
plaint in Judge Conlan's court for Rock
stroh's arrest on the charge of conduct
ing a drug store without having a regis
tered pharmacist in charge, and he was
booked on the accusation. The Judge re
leased him on his own recognizance.
SERIOUS ILLNESS OF
MISS ELIZABETH MILLS
I DAUGHTER OF A RAILROAD OF
FICIAL AILING.
Strong Hope of Her Ultimate Recov
ery Given by Physicians in
Attendance.
Miss Elizabeth Mill?, youngest daughter
of W. H. Mills, vice-president and land
agent of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany is lying dangerously ill at her
father's residence, 2800 Jackson street.
Her condition during the past week has
alarmed her parents and caused groat
anxiety among her many friends
The young lady was taken ill last Fn- i
day morning. Her first symptom was a
chill amd Dr. Gibbons, the family p.iysi
cian'for the past sixteen years, was im
mediately sent for, and he prescribed the
usual remedies. His patient continued to
pet worse toward evening, her pulse go
ing up to 14ii and her temperature to 104.
Drs. Ellinwood and Cheney were then
called in as consulting physicians and i
lent their skill with a view to bringing ,
about the recovery of the young lady,
i >:i Sunday their patient's condition was
critical and the doctors held a consulta
tion. The anxious parents were informed
by the family physician that their daugh
ter's case was not hopeless and by Dr.
KlHnwood that there was strong hope
for her recovery. Her Illness is diagnosed
as incipient typhoid fever. Last night
there was a change for the better. Her
mind had cleared, the temperature had
decreased and the pulse registered 20 de
gTees less than on the first night. The
doctors are of the opinion that the fever i
is abating and that if there is no relapse !
she will soon be on the road to recovery, i
During her illness the young lady has
received all the care that affection and
wealth can bring. Trained nurses con
stantly watch her. as do also her mother
and sister. Mr. Mills was not at his of-
Hce jresterday and will not go there to
day unless In- is assured that his daughter
is out of danger. He has allowed his im
portant affairs to stand that he might be
at the bedside of his child and comfort
his wife and daughter.
Miss Klizabeth Mills is but 17 years old.
Her sweet disposition has made her a
general favorite with every one she hns
come in contact with. That her sickness
is deplored Is evidenced by the flowers
thai are left at her home each day by
sympathetic friends. She graduated frnn:
Miss Hamlin's school on the 22d of March
«'f thid year and was to have entered the
University of California yesterday. On
finishing her studies at the former insti
tution she was suffering from nervous j
exhaustion brought on by too close ap- j
plication to study.
In company with her mother and sister |
she went on' a visit to a relative in I'nrt
land Or., and after staying for a short
period the family went to Castle Crag,
but returned to the city to attend the
funeral of the late Mrs. Dr. Gibbons.
Later MLss Mills and her mother went to
San Rafael, and on her return from that
place was taken sick.
Her recovery from the severe attack is
anxiously awaited by every one.
Ladies' tall'>r-mn<l«» suits, fur capes, oloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 311 Post st.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 533.
THE MOST DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAIN-
MENT IN THE CITY.
. : ALL THIS WEEK, / ' :
Alfred Collier's Beautiful Rural Comic Opera.
DOROTHY
REQRIVED LAST. NIGHT
BY AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE
With Enthusiastic Demonstrations of Approval.
NEXT WEEK. "CLOVER." ;.■■-
PRICES:.
Orchestra ..Ssc and ; Family Circle 15c
Dress Circle I Gallery ...10c
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. .25c.
Branch Ticket • Office — Entrance Em-
porium. ■ r ;V ; ' '■'•".: • ■ ■.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _ _ _
J ■
Tuesday August 15th
in order to make the necessary preparations
for our
alteration sale
which begins to-morrow, Wednesday.
We have leased the entire building over our
store, consisting of four floors, which are now
in process of alteration.
We intend to entirely remodel our establish-
ment, adding some departments, and enlarging
and reconstructing others.
It is our intention, -in doing this, to avoid
. rehandling and warehousing our stock as much '
as possible.
In order to carry this into effect it will be
necessary for us to dispose of large quantities
of goods. We have therefore closed our
place of business to-day in order to mark down
our stock in every department to prices that are
sure to effect a
genuine clearance
The bargains we will offer during the time
that alterations are going on will more than
compensate for any discomfort or noise that
may be occasioned by the process of recon-
struction. - .. .
\vf^ cp •
125 to 131 Kearny St.
AMUSEMENTS. • 1
UUil lILIIULU I UIIU ULiiLs 1 1 a
WELCOME TO OUR
....Returning Volunteers....
Two Days More, To-Day and To-iorrow.
YOUR LAST AND ONLY CHANCE.
A FEW CHOICE SEATS LEFT.
MONSTER BENEFIT AT THE ORPHEUM,
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, AUGUST 17.
FIRST CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE EVER GIVEN ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
BEGINNING AT 12:30 O'CLOCK AND ENDING AT t; O'CLOCK.
THIS WONDERFUL AGGREGATION OF PROFESSIONAL TALENT WILL DO THE
WORK:
ATTRACTIONS F=T?O/V1 ALL THE THEATERS.
HENRY MILLER ANTi COMPANT.
BLANCHE BATES AND THE FRAWLET COMPANT.
THE TlVoli GRAND OPERA COMPANY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS AND THE ALCAZAR PTOCK COMPANY.
THE MOROSCO GRAND OPERA COMPANY.
CLAY. CLEMENT AND COMPANY.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE ORPHETW.
SPECIALTIES FROM Till-: CHUTES.
And a Real Circus! dreat Original Cakewalk! A Hundred Surprises!
PRICES ... 31.00 and $2.00.
Anjiliratinns for seats can be made by mail or telephone to Louis A. Morgenstern, care of
the Orpheum Box Office. ___^
CALIFORNL^THEATER.
A GEM PRODUCTION.
MOST BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
miSS BLANCHE BATES
And Her Splendid Company.
Presented by T. Daniel Frawley.
TO-NIGHT, Wednesday and Thursday, a most
perfect production of
"LONDON ASSURANCE."
Friday nis'.t. Saturday matinee, Saturday
nlcht and Sunday nljrht. complete production of
"a" You Like It." Miss Blanche Bates' lirst
i appearance a3 Rosalind. .
Beautiful souvenir photographs to be given
to our patrons on Thursday night, August. 17.
SPECIAL.
Farewell testimonial to Blanche Bates,
Wednesday afternoon, August 16. First pr »-
duction on the Pacific Coast of Ihsen_B Hedda
G MONDAY, AuK'ist 21, the laughing fad from
Hoyt's Theater. "A Bachelor's Honeymoon.
"Benefit Week" Programme!
CARDOWNIF. TROUPE.
CARON AND HERBERT.
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR.
. •■.. -,': .,. . ESMERALDA.
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR.
THE DKONZOS,
ALDEN AND HILL.
LINTON AND McINTYRE.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. Me.
• Matinee Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR m*
The Press and Public Endorse Ouida's Drama-
tized Novel,
UNDER TWO FLAGS
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
SUPPORTED BY WHITE WIIITTLESEY.
SCORES A TRIUMPHANT HIT!
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES.. 15c, 25c, 35c, sflc.
Phone Main 234.
CONCERNS AND RESORTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
'.;*■■ 3 •'. OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing. Including Admission 20c. Children 20c.
WeeKly Call. $1.00 nerYear
I COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
MATiv-'r GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
tVe^y, "HEARTSEASE" entire,
To begin ' Preceded by the one-act play,
p-Ut^eiy. . "FBEBERIC LEMAITRE."
TO-NIGHT —
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula. "
Wednesday and Thursday evenings,
"HEARTSEASE."
Friday and Sat. evenings and Sat. Mat.
"THE LIARS."
Next Monday— CLEMENT, in "A
SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN."
. : .
MECHANICS' PAVILION
FILIPINO
WONDER SHOW!
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Commencing Thursday Evening.
ACROBATS. JUGGLERS. WATER BUF-
FALO, TRAINED PONIES. ETC.. .
DIRECT FROM MANILA.
ADMISSION - - - - 25 and 50 Cents.
■
EPT - V- To 16 TH *
■ Choicest Fruits.Wines.Vege-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
OF (^VLIFORNIAt<V^^^
ERteriQir\mer\f .
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fREB
Excursion Plates To Visitors.
V/fei TB f OR >KnCULAR S .
. Hterj. shields -ab.>spregkles
vSECRETARV. PRESIDENT
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat advanced again under improved conditions.
Barley futures declined, but spot prices kept steady.
Oats stood the same as last week.
Corn and Rye unchanged and dull.
Hay continued weak under large arrivals.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans weak and extremely dull
Domestic and foreign exchange as before.
No change in Silver.
■ in Fndts and Vegetables continues.
Butter advanced another fraction.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Several carloads of Eastern Poultry at hand.
Pried Fruits continue steady at unchanged quotations.
Provisions open the week steady, but rather quiet.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged.
Meat market steady at the recent revision.
Cram and Fruit Bags meet with a good inquiry.
Charters.
The R. P.. R«th*t loa<i!< merchandise r
following " •' ten are re)
:
Australian Demand for Lumber.
The Australian lumber trade will soon com
ment* to pick up again and already several or
ders have been received by the mills of his
county. Fays the Humk.lit Standard. The lat
.e-t is that of the John Vance Mill and Lumber
Th» cargo will he taken sometime in November
or December on the British Iron btrlf Cardtean
Cstle which may come lure to load. "•■•>«
doea'she will be the largest sailing vessel that
has over entered the bay.
Dried Fruits in New York.
The New York Commercial says: "A good
proportion of the buyers are out of town on
their vacations, and those left are doing little
bueinera, waiting for the trade to settle down
to the hard, substantial facts of the trade be
fore risking any considerable Investment. It
I. expected thai there will be an Improvement
toward the close 'of the month, but during such
hot weather very little Is doing or likely to be
••There are some sales of apricots reported at
the high range «»f prices. The quantity is in
definite, but ifc s-aid to be a number of cars
Buyers are apparently convinced .that there is
nol chance of securing a reduction of price at
present ■ if It' comes at all. and they are cover-
Ins: their needs accordingly.
•■Peaches are unchanged. The price made on
early sorts f.ir August shipment is practl'-ally
unchanged, though some holders insist upon a
'..i- advance. The divergence of views between
buyers an.l sellers prevents libera! sales and
restricts business to small consuming demand.
The size is likely to average smaller than usual,
because shippers of fresh fruit and c;-.nners are
buying all the large stock obtainable.
"Prunes are about steady, and there is some
consuming demand from nearby and loca/
dealers-- for very small lots. Future* are not
essentially different from previous reports.
There are rumors of speculative purchases for.
future delivery, but nothing has been said re-,
gardlng them that, can be relied upon. Prices
appear to be around 3V4 I Jf3%c tor the four sizes
In baps for early delivery, but whether these
futures are absolutely correct it is impossible
to say.
"Raisins are reported 25 per cent below an
average yield, due to the ravages of the thrip.
but confirmation of the report is not general as
yet. There seems to be an impression that they
will b>> more or less short, but it Is perhaps too
early to arrive at any definite conclusion ap
■
Weather Report.
m
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 14. .5 p. m.
'The following maximum temperatures were
reported : rom stations In California:
Eureka -! Independence - *s
Red niuff .• 80 Los Angeles ..'76
Sacramento SO San 1 "lego 6S
Fresrx) '.'...., •• Yuma 102
San Luis Obisjio .78
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 56; mean, 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Fl >RECA -
A storm of moderate energ*' overlies Utah and
Eastern . Nevada to-niKht and will, probably
move rapidly eastward, accompanied with rain
and much colder weather. The pressure has
fallen rapidly during the past twelve hours
near the Great - 'S;£lt Lake- and has risen rap-
Idly over Idaho. •
The temperature lias fallen decidedly over
Northern Nevada. Idaho and Montana.
' Rain has fallen gene-rally over the northern
half uf ■!.. Pacific slope.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 36 miles per hour, from
the soul Portland, 2G miles, south; Wlnne
mucca, M miles, northwest; Salt Lake City, 2S
miles, south; San Luis Obifso, 20 miles, from
the west. .
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 15, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: warmer
in the eastern portion; northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer;
light westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer.
Utah— Rain Tuesday; much colder; southerly
changing- to- high "northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday, except rain in the
northern portion; colder in northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday:
nut so warm Tuesday night; brisk westerly
winds. ... ALEXANDER G. MAI HE,
Forecast Official.
?. zzzizi r
EASTERN MARKETS
Mew, York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 14. The stock market
Btarted off with something of an upward rush.
Exchange traders and small outside following
had apparently come to the conclusion thai
Saturday's -bank statement indicated that
alleviated problems In the money situation had
been settled and that ease and abundance of
funds wore now nt hand. The first sharp ad
vance in stocks, however, demonstrated th.it
the pressure of some heavy selling would h;>.ve
to be encountered on any general upward
movement. The market thereafter Ian??-! Into
the spotty condition which lias been Its ie
cent characteristic. A small number .>:' stacks
showed very marked strength, but the usually
active and prominent stocks lay practically
dormant throughout the session and showed
a sagging tendency which the strength in spe
cial Instances had no effect toward coun'.tr
cctlng. Tennessee Coal and Iron advanced by
relational leaps an extreme C^i points, giving
color to the rumors of a corner Ii the stock
The tone was feverish below the high level
and the net gain was 3>i. The announcement
of the settlement *of the smelter strike in
Colorado' enhanced the prices of quite a num
ber or Stock*, Including American .Smelting,
which Is most directly affected. Colorado Fuel,
ljtnver and Rio Grande stocks and Colorado
Southern stocks, Gains in the group ranged
from 1% in Denver and Rio Grande to .'.'< In
Colorado Fuel preferred. The smelting i-teck*
rose -3H and 2% respectively. The railroad
stocks to show strength were comparatively
few. Tli/> Chicago Great Western dsbenturea
Marted downward after their notable ri.se on
Saturday and are nearly 2 points iff on the
day. but the preferred ■ A" stock is up over
2 points and the preferred "D" . t., k over a
point. Beside these are notable gains In the
I'ittsburg. C. C. and St I«ouis stocks, Louis
ville, Kansas and Texas preferred and * -me
of the low-priced railroad stocks. Confidence
ever the money situation had a relan:»e. the
conviction growing ' that the Saturday bunK
statement may not be a fair reflection of Sat
urday's conditions In the market. 1 ■ asineea
and depression were also refl«t«d trom
abroad, political disquiet in Franco and ad
vancing money jn London and Bet Ho threat
ening some pressure of liquidation from titrse
quarters should this country's credit? be called
home Whatever ease IS mam in the
money market Is realized to '.c due to the
f|iietude of speculative markets ma woild
over and conservative heads in the financial
world are Inclined to frown upon an outbreak
ot speculation. The closing of the market was
active but extremely Irregular. People's ii«s
mounted above 122 on the announcement of
the acquisition of the Pullman Gas Company,
while other stock tended downward. Net
changes are mixed.
The bond market showed increased activity.
Kansas and Texas second leading.. Prices are
higher. Total sales, par value, $2,581,000.
United States 3s and new 4s advanced %.
and the old 4s registered ami the 5s '% in the
bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Shares Closing
Sod Stocks- Bid *
I.4fH) Vtchlsoi 20ti
10,550 Atchison prefrd '...'..'.'." 63%
4W) Baltimore & Ohio 4T". H
Canadian Pacific ;«7
........ Canada Southern ; *3%
W Central Pacific B4V«
8,050 Chesapeake & Ohio 28^
1i.955 Chicasro Great Western I">U
7.070 ("hicaeo. Bur & Qulncy 136 T i
110 Chicago, md .<• Louisville 9
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prelrd... 40%
Chicago and Eastern Illinois 77
2 r *) Chicago & Northwestern 160^i
2.320 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific ....11*:.,
400 C C C 4 SI Louis SSU
2.fi-)rt Colorado Southern 514
I.wa Colorado Southern Ist prefrd 47'
1:1 ' Colorado Southern 2d prefrd lSi
COO Delaware & Hudson 123%
700 Delaware, Lack & Western • 17-1
2.700 .Denver and Rio Grande 22
4.670 Denver .- Rio Grande prefrd 7fi»' s
' 2W> F.ris Ist prefrd 1314
?" Erie Ist prefrd T7 : ,
310 Great Northern prefrd 1^
1.220 Hocking Coal 17
750 Hocking Valley 24
100 Illinois Central 114%
225 lowa Central - 13
l,rvo lowa Central prefrd 55
2,u:<3 Kansas City. Plttshurg *- Gulf 13%
10>l Lake Erie & Western 21»»
Lake Erie <fc Western- prefr.l 79
■...'.:.. Lake Shore '...20.1%
6.230 Louisville & Nashville 75%
2,776 Manhattan 1. 117%
1.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 206
3.2.'0 Mexican Ontral 1 :,\
1.170 Minneapolis & St Louis Bfi
6(<o Minneapolis & Si Louis prefrd '.•■'■'>.
3,475 Missouri Pacific 48%
• ....... Mobile & Ohio 44' .
2.2ii0 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12?,
20.37.') Missouri. Kansas &;Texaa prefrd... 39"i
7'" New Jersey Central 117%
433 New York "Central 13V 3 i
3.4 t.i) Norfolk <S: Western, ex div...> 2\%
1.4:0 Norfolk & Western prefrd 71
7,200 Northern Pacific 53%
32." Northern Pacific prefrd 77
1.0.10 Ontario & Western 26' ■
....... Oregon Railway & Xav 45%
Oregon Railway <& Na\ prefrd 75
5.230 Pennsylvania 13«;
200 Reading .: • 22
4.6f>n Reading Ist prefrd 611%
4>:o Reading 2d prefrd 32%
• Rio Grande Western 3il
Rio Grande Western prefrd 7fi'-.
St Louis & San Francisco 11.
St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 71-.
lfifi St Louis .v Ran Francisco 2d prefrd. 37^
400 St Louis Southwestern ]6.(>
2,600 --• Louia Southwestern prefrd 3?-^
6,060 St Paul 131%
'"106 St Paul & Oni:iha.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.*.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.V.'.'lil "'
St Paul .>. Omaha ...11l
3.fi7n Southern Pacific 34*'*
8.000 Southern Railway 11**
7,2^0 Southern Railway prefrd 52->i
300 Texas A Pacifi ■ .- 22
4.250 I'n-lun r.-i Ifii / 44".
I.COO I'nion Pacific prefrd '.... 77-,
2CO U'ahash 7%
tGOQ Wabash prefrd : ::'\
l.fOf; Wheeling & Lake Erie lOV4
..rr.V. Wheeling & Lake Erie prefrd 24
....... Wisconsin Central 16
I* <■ '■ & st L. ...... *.;... 75
Express Companies..
: Adams 113
10S. American lip
! United States 50
' ■> rHrS^'o;;:::::::::::;::;::: 127 .
Mis. ellane
American I I 41' .
American Cotton Oil prefrd !•:?'.•.
....... American Malting 16'>
300 American Malting prefrd 66
14.120 American Smelting & H 4.%
2..":!8 American Smelting & R prefd 91U
: ■ ""' American Spirits '. f.'o
American Spirits prefd . SO'H
7.1T0 American Steel Hoop : 3'"i
3,2.".0 American Steel Hoop prefrd S4" i i
25.770 American Steel & Wire til%
2,900 American Steel & Wire prefd »a
2,900 American Tin Plate 42%
440 American Tin Plate prefrd 90
46.149 American Tnha-co 117 Vi
American Tobacca prefrd 141
1.440 Anaconda Mining Co J7U
14.174 Ilrooklyn Rapid Transit....'. 11:1..
9.050 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54H
10,200 Continental Tobacco ....47'.
3,216 Continental Tobacco prefrd :•;,'.
11.260 Federal Steei bruit
l,6«ift Federal Steel prefrd SL'U
100 General Electric 123"-.
Glucose Sugar fi7'.i
125 Glucose Sugar prefrd 109
120 International Paper 42
100 International Paper ; refrd 7*
WSO Laelede Gas 57VJ
-::. National Biscuit 47.
-. National Biscuit prffrd 10! : ■■
2.000 National Lead 33V.
260 National Lead prefrd 112»i
4.220 National Steel 56%
680 National Steel preTrd '.is
100 New York Air Brake 133
2,000 North American 12%
Pacific Coast 14
Pacific Coast Ist prefrd 86
i Pacific Coast 2d prefrd 6?
i 1.285 Pacific Mall 1 4*) T v
25.64:, People's Gas 121%
2.SSO Pressed Steel Car 60Vi
1.030 Pressed Steel Car prefrd 89%
....... Pullman Palace Car... 158
100 Standard Rope- A- Twine Si.;
14,»82 Sugar 16?.%
! Sugar prefrd 1211
21.575 Tennessee Coal » ; i Iron ■. v.i! 2
15.7 M United States Leather i' "
I 14.284 I'nited States Leather prefrd 7.".'.
1.200 United States Rubber 50%
1,200 United States Rubber prefrd lift
370 Western Union 89%
447,200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 4s reg l'"' ; 3 M X A T 2ds 69%
Do to reg 1..V- Do 4<i 93
Do 3s coup 108% N V Cen Ista UP,
Do new 4b reg ISO IN .1 Cen gen 5s 121%
Do new 4s c0up. .130 Do 4s 104
Do old 4s reg....H2%'N Carolina C5....:.12S
Do old 4s coup. .ll:l N -Pac Ista 113
Do 6s reg 111% I Do 3s 66%
Do 5s coup Hl'; j Do 4s 1 ...■.»
! Dls of Col 3.655. ...117 N V C fir st I, 45. .107%
Ala class A 109 IN * W con 4s 95%
Do class B 109 Do gen 6a 101' 4
Do class C lOS Or Nay lsts 112%
[ Do Currency 100 Do 4s I'M',*
i Atchison gen 45.. 101% Or Short L 6s 128
Do adj 45.... 88 Read Gen 4s B8?a
; Can So 2ds prefd. .lll%'r G W Ista 9S'i
Ches * Ohio 4%5.. 97% St L &I M con 55. .113%
Chi & N con 75. ...143 St L & 8 F Gen 65.124
Do S F Deb 55.:. 122 st Paul con i«9%
Chi Term 4s 99 St P C & P It=ts..l2l',i
D & R G lsts 106 j Do 5s 120%
Do 4s « 98 » So Railway os 10S%
X T V C lsts 98% Stand R & T 65.... 83
Erie Gen 4s 72 (Term new set ?,t... 95
F W &'D C lsts... 7it Tex & Pac lsts 115%
' Gen Elec 5s 72 , Do 2ds 65%
IGH& SA 6a 110 jUnlcn Pac 4s. 16414
Do 2ds KiS Wabash lets I!','..
H& T Cen 5s 110% Do 2da 100%
Do con 6s 112 West Shore 45.... ..114>4
lowa Ten Istl lI3«JW!a On lsts 76' i
X C PA G lsts 72% i Va Centuries 8S
La new con 45......108 i Do deferred 5
L & N Un 4s •<•"■- Colo So 45
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 201 Ontario '..6 75-
Crown Point V, Ophir 1 20
Con Cal & Va 2 10; Plymouth 10
Deadwood M Quicksilver 1 S<7
Gould & Curry 40; Do prefd Bon
Hale & Nor cross. . 30 Sierra Nevada 62
Homestake ...65 00 Standard 2 4i>
Iron Sliver 60 Union Con 30
Mexican •-•■■ 65 Yellow Jacket S3
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Old Domiion 37%
Call loans... 3%®4% Rubber 50%
Time loans Union Pac 44}
Stocks— West End 95
Atch Top & S F... 20% Do prefd 113
Do prefd 63% I Mining Shares-
Am Sugar 163% Adventure *S%
Do prefd 120 Allouez Mln C 0.... 7 1
i Bell Tel 343 Atlantic . . -■ 2S
1 Boston & Albany. .2so I Boston & Mont. 355
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 15. 1899._
Boston L .108 Butte & Boston 77
Boston & Maine.. .l9s (Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Chi B & Q 138% | Centennial ." 36%
Fitchburg prefd...H9 Franklin 20%
Gen Elec 128% Osceola SO
Do prefd 140 Parrot 53V4
Fed Steel 60% Quincy ■ 155
Do prefd 82% Santa Fe Copper.. lll
Mcx ("en 15% Tamarack 22.'.
Mich Tel 100 Winona 11%,
Old Colony 206 'Wolverines 47%
London Market.
> NEW YORK, Auk. 14.— Commercial Ad
' vertiser'B London financial cablegram says:
The tone of the markets here was generally
better to-day till the I..ii m incident In Hennas
became a disturbing factor. Console are going
better. closing steady.
Americans opened firm on the bank statement,
though little was done in them till New York
opened. The close was at the top. Denvors and
Lotiisvilles were features. Contangoes were
* on Si Paul a shade lower. Tintos were lower
on Paris weakness. Spanish fours were 59%.
The bank bought £100,000 gold in bars and
£92,000 in German coin and £6000 are reported
from Portugal.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Auk. 14.— Canadian Pacific, 100%;
Northern Pacific, 79%; Union Pacific preferred,
3 -*: Atchison, 21%: Orand Trunk, SH; Ana
conda, II 7 Bar silver. 27 V- Money, 2@2^i per
cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,fi,Y7 barrels; exports, 5543. Sales, 7100. Fairly
active, firm and higher. Winter patents, $3 65
@3 90; straights. $3 35<33 50; Minnesota patents,
J3 7564; Minnesota, bakers, J3 i\7a3 IS.
WHEAT— 188,750 bushels; . exports,
]•■: 62 Sales, 2.400,000; futures, 40,000 spot.
Spot strong: No. 2 red, 7SUc t. 0. b. afloat spot;
1 No. 1 Northern Duluth. 7& i e f. o. b. afloat spot:
No. 1 hard Duluth, S3'ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
I red, 76% c elevator. Options opened strong at
i ■•••• : advance. A setback under realizing fol
lowed at midday, but the afternoon witnessed a
second active advance based on a liberal de-
I crease In visible supply figures, covering late
I cables and a sharp rise at St. Louis. • Closed
strong,' l'/s'S l\ advance. May closed, S2%e,
September closed, "\±c; December, 79@7»%c,
closed 79% c
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL Firm. • : -. '. :■
METALS— There was very little movement In
prices on the Metal Exchange to-day. Iron and
tin alone displayed positive strength and any
degree of activity. The other departments fol
lowed a rather listless course. The news from
forc-lgn markets and domestic points of product
lacked influential features. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGl ßON— Warrants steady, with 116 bid and
$15 50 asked.
LAKE COPER— Unchanged at JIS 50.
TlN— Quiet, with $31 05 bid and $31 25 asked.
! LEAD— Steady "with $4 60 bid and $< 65 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and for
copper $18 37%
SPELTER- Quiet at IS 76.
COFFEE Options closed quiet: net unchang
ed to ■"• points lower. Sales, 5250 bags, includ-
Ing: September. $4 10; October. %i 4.".. Novem
ber ?4 60; December and January. J4 90; Feb
ruary, $5; March. $•"■ 06@5 10. Spot coffee— Rio.
dull; No. 7 Invoice, ; mild, quiet, barely
steady; Cordova, 7'i'Gllc.
SUGAR Raw, easier, lower to sell; fair re
-1 fining, 4c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 9-161 : molasses
supar 3"ic; refined, quiet, but steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10.156 packages. Strong;
Western creamery, !6%@20c; factory, 13@15c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7%c;
prime wire tray, 1 4 ' 2c; choice, SV./C><'; fancy,
PRUNES ■ per pound as to size and
quality
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Moorpark, 16c.
PEACHES— L'npeeled, ll«ll%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 14— Considerable irregularity
was shown by wheat during the morning,
though prices at all times were above Satur
day's ciosing quotations An opening advance
of .'..! at Liverpool, and a still further ad- '•
vance At 1:30 made the opening here strong. |
September starting at 71*ic, an advance of '•„.•■■
There was some disposition shown to realize 1
at tfie advance and the market wavered for
a short time, September selling at 71V. but .
the strength of the foreign markets, and some
poor thrashing reports from the Northwest gave .
confidence to the bulls, and all offerings were,
readily absorbed. September advancing to 7 1 •'■„•. j
A period of comparative easiness followed. Out
side selling orders came In sufficient quanti
ties to depress prices, the decline being ren
dered easy by the favorable foreign crop new*.
A feature of this was the announcement thai
Russia in spite of the famine reports would
have some wheat for export. The market de
clined to 7!'--'' tor September and though rallies ,
were frequent, the tendency until afternoon
was lower. During the afternoon, however, Ihe !
market developed marked strength. The
weather in the Northwest was favorable and
the ca-h demand was poor, but this did not
discount the effect of the crop prospects, and
In the last hour a strong buying movement
set in vAilch "nrried prices steadily ward.
September advanced to 71 "3 72. And closed
strong at 7i ,c
Corn was barely steady. The brilliant crop'
prospects caused some selling, but sympathy
with wheat, ytnall country offerings and a good ■
cash inquiry supported the market. September
closed a shade lower.
During most of the session oats were prac
tically at a standstill and the range was barely
>sc. September closed a shade higher and De
i ember a shade lower.
Provisions were quiet and irregular. The
market was strong early on the sharp advance
in hog prices Declines followed on rather free
selling by a prominent packer, bin in the af
ternoon the market was steadied by the ad
vance in wheat. The close was easy for pork
and lard and steady for ribs. At the close
September pork was unchanged; lard- 2%4f5c
lower and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Art lea Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
September "1% "- 71% 71%
December 73% 74% 73% 7;' 4
May 77 77% 76% 77%
September 2- ■ 30% 31 30% 30* i
September 80% 31 Wi 80%
December 28% 25% 28% 25%
May-...: 2»?i '-"<\ 23% 29%-
Se r p temb°r 2— 19V 4 19H 13% 19* i
September IWS »H Wi Wi.
December If** 19* i 19% 19%
May 21«» 21% 21« i 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl
September 8 37% 8 37% 8 22% 890
October 8 42% 845 830 8 3f.
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 523 5 27% 520 6 22%
October 5 32% 535 525 6 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 07% 10 5 or, 6 05
October '■ 15 5 15 5 15 5 15
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm
and 10c higher: No. 3 Spring Wheat, 69<&70e;
No ■> Red 7.'(% c; 'No. 2 Corn, .--. No. 2 Oats.
2tT/°l Vie: No. 2 White. 24% c; No. 3 White. 2L" 4 .>,
11:.'..I 1 :.'.. ; No. 2 Bye, 63% c; No. 2 Barley. 32%^35c;
iNo. 1 Flaxseed, 01; Prime Timothy Seed,
$2 sbif/2 55; Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 5008 30; Lard,
per 100 lbß, J5 •■;.". 25; Short-rib Sides (loose),
$4 50@5 15: Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), s%'fg
s'-iiC; Short Clear Sides (boxed), Jo 30f{5 35.
Arties- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 12,000 8,000
Wheat bushels 49.000 4.000
Corn bushels 22,00-1 490,000
Oats bushels 418,000 565.000
Rye. ' bushels 2,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 19,000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries 13%®19%c: dairies,
12@16c; Cheese, firm. 9%@10c; Eggs, firm; fresh,
12% ■
« : : ; <»
Foreign Futures.
<*>— <i>
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening S ? r '« 6 11V 4
Closing 6 10% 5 10%
PARIS. •
Wheat— \..r;-. Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening • Holiday.
Closing ..'....
Flour—
Openinß
Closing
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
* CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— There was an active
general demand for cattle to-day and with a
moderate supply prices were firm for choice
lots and steady for others. Gosd to fancy cat
tle, $5 6ft<@6 45; commoner grades at $4 50@5 55;
stockers and feeders, $3 35@4 85; bulls, cows
and heifers. $2@5 35; Texas steers, $3 75©5 30;
calves. $4@7 15.
Receipts of hogs were considerably under ex
pectations, and there was the liveliest kind of
a demand, prices advancing 10i&l5c. Heavy
hogs, $4 15*4 90; mixed lots, $4 55@4 90; lights,
{4 605T4 95; pigs, $3 60«?4 85; culls. %2 25@4 10.
Liberal offerings of sheep and lambs caused
I a weaker market in spite of a good demand,
I cheep gelling off 10c and lambs from locto »C.
Sheep, »2©3 for cull*, up to $4 50@4 75 for
| choice wethers. Lamb? sold at 13 6004 60 for
I common up to $4 55(56 So for choice.
Receipts-Cattle. 18,000; hogs, 22, C00; sheep,
23,000.
4 ■- <>
California Fruit Sales. ■
<» . _ — _ . —^
The Karl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the _ following
prices:
BOSTON. Aug. 14,— Peaches— Early Crawford,
Soc<ssl 20, average Jl 06; Elberta, 70c®$l 66, av
erage $1 07; Late Crawford, $1(§J1 2.".. average
$1 in; Susquehanna, %Vu 1 -i". a ra e *i 2n.
Bartlett? $1 X ■■:- average $1 63. Plums
— Bradshaw, single crates, average $1 30: Co
lumbia. $1 10@l 66, average $1 26; Kelsey. >1 20©
1 95, average Jl 39. Prunes— Silver, ..jcWJI 10,
average $1 02. Fourteen cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 14.-F.arly raw
ford, 55c@n, average 69jc; I^ate Crawford. 6ofrt»
86c, average 71c; Klberta, 65c@Jl, average 78c;
Foster, 76c; Barter Cling, 75c; orange cling,
Jl 05. Pears— Bartletts. Jl 60®2 20, average Jl 74.
Bradshaw, $1 15; Columbia, Jl 07; Kel-
Fey, average Jl 40; yellow Gee, 95cif}$l 20. av
trage $1 16 Prunes- Gros, average Jl 50; Hun
garian, average Jl 2.'.. Ten cars sola to-day.
■' ~ *
Foreign Markets. \
«> ___.- *
', LONDON. Aug. Consols. 10613-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, 99f 57Msc; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes on
passage, quieter, hardly any demand; English
country markets, easy: import Into United
Kingdom, wheat 3fis.W"ni; import into . Inlte.l
Kingdom flour. 238.000; wheat and flour on pas
sage to United Kingdom, 2.550, O'iO: wheat ami
flour on passage to Continent. I.4''>". .
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 14.— Wheat, firm: wheat
in Paris, holiday: French country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter
firm, f.s sd; No. 1 red Northern spring. *>s Vfrd.
Futures— firm; September, 5s in'!<d: October,
5s l!%d
CORN— Spot— Mixed new firm. 3s 3 3 d: do old
firm. 3s 4V4d. Futures— Steady; September, 3s
4>4d; October, Ss 4%d.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in warehouses and
afloat on Saturday, August 12. as complied by
the New York Produce Exchange, is a-« fol
' Wheat 36.256.000 bushels, decrease 7K5.000;
corn 10,185,000, decrease 158,000; oats 3.55<.000, de
crease 264.000; rye 552, 0-X). decrease 10.000; bar
ley 358,000. decrease 58,000.
Portland's Business. '
PORTLAND, Aug. 14.— Clearings, $300,396;
balances, $23,871. i.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 14.— The week's mar
kets were stronger jj.ll around to
day and apparently struck a responsive
chorde in the local wheat with quo
tations of 3 57% c for Walla Walla
and valley salable at 59c for old and 5Sc for
new. Blue stem, COc. There is a limited amount
of selling at these figures and an advance of lc
would probably loosen up a lot of wheat.
TACOMA, Aug. 14.— The week opened with
wheat quiet and unchanged : 56c for club and
B9c for blue stem. ' • :-_
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 14 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 -7 .
i Sterling Cabled — 4 SS',i
New York Exchange. Eight — 10
' New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12Va
I Mexican Dollars --- 49^ 60
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60' i
Wheat and. Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Mario takes for c rk 0041 ctls,
valued at J9SQO.
Conditions were firmer yesterday and the Chl
cag< market advanced lc in consequence. Of
ferings were small and receipt were diminish
ing St. Louis and ! the Northwest bought
freely A decrease of 780,000 btmheis in the vis
i ible supply, a decrease of 1,000.000 bushels on
passage and of 1,000.000 In the world's fhlp-
I ments were three Important factors In th»»
i firmness. Later on, however, the market
I quieted down and the crowd wan inclined to
sell. The weather was favorable for wheat and
corn and there was a good shipping demand for
the hitter.
The local market was stronger in sympathy
: with Chicago, and prices advanced, both on and
off call
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $105@106Vi; milling,
$1 1i74<31 12.4
CALL, BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock - December—
6000 ctls. %\ 13: 6000, %\ 12%: 10.000. $1 12%.
Second Session— December— 26. 000 Ms, $1 1314;
30,000 $1 13%; 4""". $113*4. May— 4ooo, Si IST,;
8000 $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session 2000 ctis, $1 14%; 80,
--000, $IHSi; 14,000, il 14%; 2000, $114. May— l 6
,-; 000, $1 19.
! Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
SI 13* Si
BARLEY— The Mario takes for Cork 35,771
ills, valued at $34,000, and the London Hill for
Cork 74,337 ctls at $81,800.
. The week opened with a dull market. Spot
quotations stood the same, but futures de
clined. ' •
Feed, 80986 c; Brewing:, 90@93c; Chevalier.
Jl 15@1 -'- 1 -- per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls B814c; 2000, 85c; 2000, 84\c; 4000, 84TiC
Seller ■;<.'.. new— 2000, S3Uc.
Second Session — sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
S4c; 2000, 84V&C. Seller '99, new— 2ooo, 82% c.
Afternoon Session No sales.
OATS— Black are dull. White are neglected
and weak Red are in light receipt and go d
demand, though prices show no improvement.
White, *1 20@ 1 35; Red, $1 07H<gl la per ctl:
I Black, !<Oc<fisl.
CORN Dullness still characterizes the mar
' ket Quotations stand the same. Small round
Yellow $1 2.V&135; Eastern large Yellow. $1 0714
01 10; White, $1 O-'^l 10; mixed, $1 O7' v per
ctl; California White, nominal.'
RYE Bo©92Hc per ctl.
BUCK WHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. J3 60®3 73. j
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40@3 -'. >; Oregon j
and Washington, $3 *B©3 50 per bbl for extra,
S3 25@3 40 for bakers' and 12 25®3 for super
i fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 par 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. »2 BO; Rice Flour. 57; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. ?3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50©4 75;
i Ont Groats $4 T. >: Hominy. $3 25-S3 50; Buck
; wheat Flour. $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
■ Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
i Oats (barrels). $6 SaO6 95; in sacks. $6 »©6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5- Split Peas, Jl 50; Green Pea*.
$5 per ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues depressed under large receipts,
but there. is no decline. Bran and Middlings
stand the same.
BRAN— $1 . 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— II 7 50©18 GO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $1S 50 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. *27<ff2S; jobbing.
S2S f,04T29: Cocoanut Cake. J2ord2J: Cornmeal.
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24^25; Mixed Feed.
$16® 16 60; Cottonseed Meat, $2S per ton.
HAY—W heat. (6 5098 60 for common to good
and $9 for choice: Wheat and Oat. J7<?T9: Oat.
$6498; Barley, 1507; Islnnd Barley, $4 50*85 50;
Alfalfa, (397 50 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
(9910.
bTRAW— 2OOS3C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are still quoted very dull, and buyers
say that concessions would be necessary to
effect sales." •
t BEANS— Bay, is. $1 70®l SO: Small White, »2 Or.
@2 15; Large White, $1 «o<gl 65: Pinks. (2 15©
2 25; Red?, nominal: Blackeye. $4 1504 2T.; But.
ters, nominal; LUnas, $4 1004 15: Pea, 12 15<g)
2 85: Red Kidneys. (2©2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2y 2 <53c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax. «1 »0©- Wj Canary Seed,
2%@3c per lb for California and 3VfcC for East
ern, to arrive; Alfalfa. S&@9%c; - Rap«. 3c;
Hemp, 4@4'.£c: Timothy, nominal. •
DRIED PEAS— $1 25®1 30; Green. $1 50
@2 per ctl. ' ;•/;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions have again declined. The
Vegetable market continues gorged, and a lot
of carried over Tomatoes have Just been cleaned
up at 10c per box. Fresh stock sold as quoted
below.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 90c<!7$l; Early
Rose, 75cW$l: Burbanks, 75c(7jS1 per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, SI 2".'1 1 45; Sweet Potatoes, 2®
2' c per lb. V" •
ONIONS— SO<E?SOc per ctl for Sllverskins;
Pickle Onions. 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $I@2 per box:
Green Peas, 1 >-.'?; 2c per lb; String Beans, lfS2c;
Lima Beans. 2V4©B%c; Cabbage, 50®60c; River
Tomatoes, (MMc; Egg Plant, 30© 40 c; Green
Okra. 4fi'?7»;f'c per box: Garlic. 2tf?3c; Green Pen
pers. 35<g50c for Chill and 401g60c per box for
Bell: Carrots, 3<Vr?4oc per sack: Bay Cucum
bers. 20030 c: Pickles, 60c for No. 1 and «C per
box for No. 2: Summer Squash. 15@25c; -"*!""
rowfat Squash, $14 per ton; Green Corn. 2oC*l?l
per sack; 75eSTJl 25 per crate for Alameda ana
40<g85c for Berkeley.
. Poultry and Game.
Several Eastern cars are expected to go on
to-day. One of them came in late yesterday
afternoon.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l3c tor Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens;' Young Turkeys. . 150
l"c; Geese, per pair $1@125; Goslings, %'<■ -'■>
8160: Ducks. J3??4 for old and (3 5004 50 for
young: Hens. $435: young Roosters. $4 s'>@'o SO:
Id Roosters $4@4 50; Fryers, $4; Broilers. i*V
3 50 for large, $2 5003 for small. Pigeon?. $150
«1 To per dozen for old and $1 7302 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50@75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another fractional advance in Butter Is
noted, and the market rules firm. Cheese is un
changed. Eggs are firm, but no positive ad
vance ha? yet been made.
BUTTER—
• Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23'4'??24c: sec
onds, 22?/ 23c.
Dairy— 22f?22 1 - ■•'•: good to choice, 20®
21c: st< re, 17@18c per lb.
Pickled roll, 19@21c; firkin. 16@18c; creamery
tub. -!'••>■ per lb.
CHEESE— mil.l nev.-. 9%®10c; old. Si
5?9c: Young America, 10@10V4c: Eastern. 13@15c
EGGS- Quoted at 17®20c for store and 21@24c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18H@20c for se
lected, 16@17c for No. 1 and 14Q13c for Sec
onds. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The dinners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $S®l2 30 for frees and *12 50520 for
I clings; Vtartlett Pear*, in this city. $25@55 per
ton for No. 1 and $10<g'20 for No. 2; Green and
Yellow Plums. $15@20 per ton; Colored Plums,
$10@15.
Receipts of fruit are so heavy, the canners
are so crowded and cans are so scarce that the
canners are putting quantities of Pears and
Peaches into- basements and cold storage until
they can handle them. Sales to canners yester
day were so few that there were practically
none at all. A few fine large green Pears
brought $::,'.. In a few days the glut will be
over, when the market will work around into
'better shape.
The dock is still choked with fruit. Melons,
Grapes. Plums, Pears, Peaches— everything in
Beasi n is in heavy supply and buyers make
their own prices. There were plenty of Peaches
sold at 12'/4@lsc per basket.
. DJ3CU>U< MS FRUITS—
Apples, 25@50c per box for common and 60-0
90c for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $31?4 per chest:
I Strawberries. Witt per chest for small and 43
@3Go£for large berries; Raspberries, $5@6 per
chest; Huckleberries. s®7c per lb.
Grapes. 2."'5.".00 per box and crate for Fon
tainebleau, 4lMSj*7sc for black, M)@76c for Muscat
! and 750@5l for Seedless.
j Watermelons. $2 50-612 50 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 50c#$l 50 per crate; Nutmegs,
2r>ifj7. r >c per box.
fears, 25(g%0c per box, according to size;
Bartletts. 50@$l per box for green and 25®40c
lor ripe.
Nectarines. 35@50c per box for white and 50®
I'jc lor red.
Fi^s. 75c@$l 2. > per box for double .layers of
small 'black and 25©50 c for large purple.
Peaches, 15@40c..per box and 12 > ,£t(3Oc per bas
ket.
Plums. 20@40c per box; Prunes, 25@50c per
crate.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2@4;
i Lemons, SltjJl 50 for common and. $1 75@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes. per small box; Bananas $1 50
! <J»2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $I@2 50 per dozen.
; Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
' The condition of the New York market is
I shown In the first column.
From now on Prunes will begin to be the im
i portant fruit, as the season Is on the eve of
opening. Prices have not yet been fully estab
lished, but the quotations below are about as
lose as can be given for the present. Some
V .-alia. Prunes are being offered, and the grow
! ers are willing to sell, but it is understood that
■.. but few Santa Claras and Bonomas are being
'. offered as holders in those sections are firm.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6>40 for
40-50' s, be for 50-60's," 4c for 6')-7O's. Z>>!i'§3\c for
70-SO's, 4 J.\''i'.'-iC for SO-90's, 2<££2?ic for b»u-li>s'a
and 2@2%c for 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS i.New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks Gtft&.ic for 40-50's. ".(ffrii-ic for 00-fiO's. 40
4'ic per lb for 60-70" I^c for 70-80* s, 3U@lHc for
Ml SKI ■ and 294@3c for »0-Joo's; Apricots, logllc
j for Royals, 12Uc for Moorparks: Peaches,
. 6(86',2C for standards and 7@7!4c for choice:
Evaporated Apples. 7#7%c; Sun-dried, B©6^c
p*r lb; Nectarines. C"s7c per lb.
RAISINS— 3^c for two-crown. 4»ic for three
crown, 5%iC for four-crown, 4<£@6c for Seedless
I Sultanas. VAC for Seedless Muscatels and $120
i for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2¥ iQ3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. s<ftßc for hardshell, lOS'llc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
' new crop, "He for Laneuedoc and U'.^c for
I pajier-shell: Peanuts, 6>i?7c for Eastern and 4^£
1 @f.c for California: Cocoanuts. $4 50<@5.
I HONEY^-Comb. ll'ic for bright and lOVic for
light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi@7}jc;
j light amber extracted, 6Vi@7c; dark, s>ic
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
The week opened quietly at . unchanged
prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. SVic per lb for
heavy, 5@9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12».ic for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13'i@14c; Califor
n!u Hams. 13c: Mess Beer. $13 per bbl: ex-
Era Mesa Beef, $14: Family Beef. $15915 60: ex
tra Prin. 1 Pork, {12 60: extra clear. $16 50; mess,
$ir.@ls 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sVi@s»4c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7Vic: 10-lb tins. 8V 4 c: 5-lb tins. B>4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%(g7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10V4c; medium, 9<g>9%c; light. 9c;
Cowhides. 9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, He; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
90eifi$110 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2'u2 25 for
large and $1 250160 for small: Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Hc per Ib; No.
2 3<33%e; refined, : grease, 2<g2^c.
'WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. BQllc; Foothill and North
ern free. ll(514c: Foothill and Northern defect
ive. 9@llc; Nevada. ll@14c: San Joaquin Foot
hill free. 10£fl2c: San Joaquin Foothill defect
ive. B@9c; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16&<g:iSc;
Valley Oregon, 17"al8c; Eastern Oregon, 12@14c
for choice and 9SII&C for fair to good.
HOPS— MM crop, 15@17V4c per lb; 1899 crop,
12H@'13c bid and refused. ..'. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices show no disturbance. With the ex
ception of Beef the market is firm.
Wholesale rate? from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7?ic per lb for Steers and 6%@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— SH®9Uc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7i@'7 1 2c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, S@S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5-»4©5%c for small, fie for
medium and s%®sHc for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders. sVic; .dressed Hogs. 7<3!S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. B%c; Wool. 26(3i
25c. .. Fruit Bags, s*4c, H'^c and 6c for the three
grades of white and 7@7 I,aC1 ,aC for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $3; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland*. $9 in bulk and $10 50
In aacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $S p»r ton: Rock Springs and Castl"
Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, 5%c: Candy Granulated, sVic; Dry
Granulated, .''» c; Confectioners' A. sv4e; Cali
fornia A. t%c; Magnolia A, 4>ic: Extra C, 4Hc:
Golden C, 4'.-2c; barrels, l-16c more: half-barrels.
%c more; boxes. He more; 50- tb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominc,s, half-barrels. 5?»c: boxes,
lUe per lb.
LUMBER— The Martha W. Tuft took for
Guaymas 150,000 feet of redwood and 70,000 feet
of pine, valued at $4000. ;r-.-
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 14.
Flour, qr sk« 40.0071 Onions, sks %o
Wheat, ctls 5.310 Sugar, sks finn
Barley, ctls 123.623 Sugar, bbls 17,
Oats, ctls .o,Wine. gals ".. 18.150
Cheese, ctls... — Leather rls >-.i
Butter, ctls- 10S Hay. tons 974
Tallow, ctls 2141 Quicksilver, fisks 4.1
Beans, sks WE I Eggs, doz 9 4s|i
Potatoes, sks s.9Kl|Wr»ol bag 5....... '191
Bran, sks..." L 790 j Pelts, bdls ...'."" 4^
Middlings, sks... S7O Hides, .no si
Flaxseed. sks.... fi.}o'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 4.761 Feed, sks sin
Bran, sks 2.6T.S Wool, bales  ' 5
THE STOCK MARKET
There -was a lively business In securities on
the morning session, but the only changes were
In the sugar stocks. Hawaiian Commercial
.,• firmer at $95*6 M and Makawell at
$49 62V.™9%7* . and Hutehlnson declined to $33.
? In the afternoon Hutchinson declined to V 2 75,
Gas and Electric to $69 50 and Oceanic to *»7 ->0.
Makawell advanced stfll further to $50 : K..v
Mining stocks were weak rather than other
wise. Th. telogmm from the pump said: At
6:30 this morning the water was down twenty
■i« feet below the 1950-fool level station The
elevator In', 1) has been working continuously.
The work of lowering elevator No. 2 Is pro
"¥sß% hassled an assessment of 15 cents.
The Sierra Nevada assessment of 15 cents per
share will be delinquent in the boar ' I to .- (1 > : u _
The Ford Mining Company of « alaverns
County ha« levied an assessment of 1 cent per
share, delinquent September 4.
The ore shipments from the mines of Eureka
district Nev*. by rail for the wee* ending
August 11 we.re as follows: Diamond mine.
56 430 pounds! Eureka Con.. 210.220: Eureka
Tunnel. 30.000: Industry. 4980; Jackson. 87.570;
Ftichmond. 112,200. From Hamtlton—McEllln.
40 '10 Rocco— Homestake, 172.910.
The following companies report cash on hand
August 1: Alpha Con.. 1996; Andes. $2378;
Belcher, »237. with July mining expenses un
paid and an assessment being collected. Best
& Belcher. $1*76. with July mining expenses
unpaid and an assessment mostly uncollected:
Caledonia, »4454, with $500 due tor the sale of
old Iron; Confidence. $4156: Challenge on., 5144,
with an assessment being collected; Con -im
perial $2935: Con. California and Virginia,
$10 750: Con New York. $260; Crown Point. $6882.
with. July mining expenses unpaid; 1 hollar,
$414: Exchequer. *352: Gould & Curry, *™ 6 ;
Hale & Nor n ?*177. with bills payable of
$1755; Julia Con., $947; Justice. $703, with Ma),
June and July . expenses unpaid and the bal
ance ol an assessment t.olng collected; Mexi
can. $5712; Ophir. $12,633, and the balance ot an
assessment being collected; Overman, *9SO;
Pptosi $3497, with bills payable of $2000 and an
assessment lust levied; See. Belcher. $1390;
Savage, $344,' with an assessment being collect
e.i; Scorpion. $12; Sierra Nevada, $682. ■•'•'th an
assessment being collected; Sliver Hill. $18*;
Standard Con.. $112,342, with July mining ex
penses unpaid and July bullion returns n.it all
I in; Syndicate, ?1643: Union Con.. $1731. with an
assessment bping collected; Utah Con., *-<",
with an assessment bHng collected. • _••
The official report of the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia mine for the week ending
August 12 is as follows:
"Fourteen hundred level— The -west drift has
I been extended ' twenty-four feet, making Its
total length 794 feet; some small seams of
quartz of low assay value have been passed
through. 1850 level— Making necessary repairs
here. 1750 level The west crosscut from the
south drift on the sill floor has been extended
I twenty-four feet: total length, thirty-two feet;
! saved from this drift three tons of fillings,
1 assaying $1« 48 In gold per ton, and eleven tons
I of ore assaying $7 in gold per ton; have made
a small opening upward from this drift, which
shows that we have reached a point under the
southwest drift from the second floor of the
stoi*>s. and we will make connection with that
drill about fifteen feet south of the old raise
cut by the southwest drift; when this work Is
completed on Monday next will begin stoping
ore from this locality. The raise from the
fourth floor in the Btopes has been carried up
one set, meking the seventh floor, and two
Bets long-. The streak of ore having a north
east and southwest course that was cut into
OB the sixth floor widened as we raised and
contained bunches of very high grad? ore.
•It is now about four Inches wide and poor
in quality. Near the top of the set In the
south side of the raise have cut into an old
Btope. The filling exposed assayed $41 60 in
gold per ton. Have extracted from the streak
of ore on the seventh floor, and fillings taken
from the old stope there, eleven tons of- ore
of an average assay value of $100 64 in gold per
ton.
"ISOO level— West crosscut No. 1 started from
the south drift SO feet from the winze station
has been advanced 26 feet; total length. 32
feet. The face Is in porphyry, with bunches
and seams of quartz, which assay from $1 to
$3 per ton. The east crosscut, 80 feet south
of the west crosscut No. 1, has been advanced
31 feet; total length, 37 feet. We have reached
the winze sunk from the 1750 to the 1950 level
and find it completely closed. This evening
(Saturday) will resume work in the face of
the south dr..t from the winze station. 1950
level— Two more rets of timbers have been put
In the station, and the work of repairing the
station suspended pending the lowering of ele
vator No. 2. The water to-day (Saturday) is
23 feet 1 inch below this station. Total ore
extraction for the • week, 14 tons, assaying
$125 SI in gold per ton, and 11 tons assaying $7
I per ton.".
The report of the Ophir mine for -the past
I week reads as follows: "No underground
work .has been done the past week through the
Ophl'r shaft*. Central tunnel— The Joint Mexi
can west crosscut was advanced 14 feet: total
187 feet; face In soft porphyry and clay. We
I have just passed through a very hard belt of
vein porphyry. The joint east crosscut, at the
point where the hanging wall (clay) was cut
through, has started to cave and we are now
timbering this part of the crosscut, as we
wish to drift east when the joint west cross
cut has reached the vein or west wall. Sutro
i tunnel connection— The direct connection drift
; was extended 23 feet; total 322 feet; face In
j soft hanging wall rock showing seams of
clay. Th*- south drift has been extended 8
feet; total length. 37 feet: face in a six-foot
vein of quartz and porphyry. At this point
the ground became so heavy that it had to be
timbered, which is now being done. The
; southwest drift has not been extended during
i the week, the men being required to timber
the south drift. Surface — Have been repairing ;
I the main hoist, pipe line, boilers and heaters,
i also sheave bearings on top of the gallows I
frame. There repairs are almost completed !
and we expect to get into the shaft in the
■ early part of next week." j
In- the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 !
1 level, the south drift started from the main
west drift, opposite the north drift, was ad
| vanced 27. feet: total length. 282 -feet; face in
j a mixture of clay, porphyry and quartz. Two j
i miners have been engaged during the past
: week easing timbers in the north drift and '
I repairing the air raise. 90u level— West cross- 1
cut No. 7 from the north lateral drift from
a point 150 feet north from west crosscut No.
6 and 700 feet north from, the Sierra Nevada
shaft was advanced 12 feet; total length, 12
feet ; face in porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, August 14—2 p. m.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. !4'~ 14%
4s quar c0up. .112 — O G I. & H... 48».; 4S?i
4s quar retr.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 70 71
49 quar new... 129*4 1304 Pa'- I. Co — 43
3a quar coup.. — S F G & E.... 69U fi?4.
Miscellaneous— Pan Fran 3',*i 3%,
Cal-sl Cab 05.. 114*4117 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
i' C Wat ."is... — Ill 1 * Insurance —
Ed L & P fi5. ..12914135 Flrem's Fund. — 227&
F & CI Ry 65.. — 117 Bank Stocks-
Geary St X :.s — 96 Anijlo-Cai 6S 70 !
II C& S ".Us.. lflT'? — Bank of Ca1...263 2"2 : I
I. A Ry 5»....106«4 — Cal SD & T.. — 98 j
L, AI. <"• 6»... 99 — I First N*ationl..23o 237U
Do fc-r.i<l 65.. 99 — I-"n P & A....129", — "
Do Kntri 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
MarkPt-st 65..126>4 — Nev Nat 8k...152 185 :
Do Ist M 55. 116Vt — Savings Banks—
NC G Klt 75.110 — Ger S & L...1640 —
XP. of i"al 6s. 1144 — Hum S & U..1050 1160
N R of Cal 55.114 — Mut Pnv 8k... 39 —
N P C R R 65.106>.i — . S F Say D 500 505
NPC R R 55.106%107H Say & L 50.... — S2',&
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Sec Say 8k.... — 300
OGL. & H os.lll — Union T Co 1400 1440
Oak Transt us. lll 1.13 Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 6s...l2R it*io California 116 120 :
P& Cl Ry 65. 105 107 Geary 50 —
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 -- Market-st 81 62 :
Powell-t Ry 6s — 125 Oak SL,& H. — 50
SFA N P r.s.iinuili Presidio — 16 '
S F & S JVss.lls',i — Powder— ■ i
SR of Cal 6s.WSV> — California — 170 \
SPof A 65... 112 — X Dynamite... S3 — |
S P C 6c(1905).112 112% Giant Con Co. 72»i 73 !
S P C 65(1906). — 114^2 Vlßorlt 2»i — ]
B P C 6s(1912).118 122 Sugar— I
BPCIs eg 55.1112 V, — Hana V C 0.... 16 ley; .
SPBr fis 125 125 Haw C&S C. 96U100 j
S V Wat 65... 118% — Hutch S P Co. 32% —
S V Wat 45. ...104 — ! Kilauea S Co.. — Si !
SV W 4s(3dm>VU 3 ; — Makaiveli SC. 5014 5034 >
Btktn Gas 65..102V4 — Onomea S Co.. 38 — ' !
■Water Stocks— jPaauhau SC. 35% 39 i
Contra Costa.. 7" T * 76% Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — Al Pac Assn.. ll6 US'i
Spring Valley. 102^10214 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100 i
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. S7'; s.7'-, ',
Capital Gas.... — — ,Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent G, Co — — Pac C Bor Co. — _
Cent L & P... — 7 I Par Paint Co.. •S% —
Equit Q I- Co. 3»i 4»;
Morning ?es«i«n.
Board—
IV i. onirH i.csia " Hier 75 371.-
-10 Giant Powder Con 73 7- " I
50 Hana Plantation Co, cash 16 oil '
10 Hawaiian Com' l £ Sugar 95 00 j
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 93 25 :
5 Hawaiian <'om'l & Sugar , !<6 50
5 Hutchinson S I' Co 33 37t4
BO Hut'chlnson s P Co ; .33 25
50 Hutchlnson a P Co — 33 l*".i
50 Hutcnlnaon S P Co , 33 go
500 Makawell .-. 4;, k->. ,
6"0 ■■ kawell 4.. 7 : , "
525 Makaweli '. 4fi S7' 2
10 Oakland das 4S in
20 Oceanic S S Co ss 30
20 Pacific Coast Borax 132 00
10 S F Cup & Electric Co 702s i
SOS V Water ••........102*25' i
Afternoon Session.
Board
25 Alaska Packers' Asm 116 •_>;,
TO Alaska Packers' Assn 118 00
5 Hutchinson s P Co 33 j;i.-j
SO Hutchinson S P Co • 33 00
50 Hutchinson 8 P Co 32 75
145 MakawPll ; 50*25
55 Oceanic S S Co s" SO
BO Onomea £ugar Co ; 3S 2."i
20 Paauhau S P Co 3*7.".
SO Paauliau B*P Co 3S 62' i
ICO Paauhau B P Co -3* s*l
1 s F Gas & Electric C 0... 70-2.1
10 s F Gas A Electric Co 70 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 50
in S V Water, cash 102 2.".
20 8 V Water .....102 25
30 s V Water 102 12V,
20 8 V Water, cash 102 1214
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
H< lARD.
Morning Session.
20 S V Water 102 25
TO Mutual Electric Light 14 75
10 Makaweli :. 4r» 75
20 Makawell 49 S7Vi
in Makawell ? 50 Oil
50 Onomoa Sugar Co 38 gi\i
•000 U.S 35.. MS 25
MINING stocks
Following wptp the sales 'n the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
100 \lpha Con 071 MM) Confidence 80
600 Belcher 3S| 200 Gould & Curry 4G
! 200 Best & Belcher '',■ v* ?Wr<^ '
100 Caledonia 7<. w , r 1?
: 100 Challenge r. yn .-...,,,/,' -••■••- , r '*
I"" Chollar 2', ** ; V.'.. ,;;I'.' ' ;?,
150 Con Cal & Va.2 n ?.-.«•. ,-.- .-.'« "iV-'ili" 5
f Afternoon ?*,,.-.
j 700 Alpha 07 2-.v t -■ ..
l l ' o Andes ' i' 2W'HWt -„
i 100 Belcher 37 v< ;•.*•,
600 Best & Belcher. 7o IVt |E*v»» „
•1300 Best & Belcher 71 .-" . - :»♦■-* " Jf"*VV' f V f*
100 Challenge 30 ZM I'r.i-.-, "-- .!h
700 Con Cal & Va.2 20 200 ;t*Uii .. " ,7
100 Crown Point... 27 . •>*> jv, ..  „, ''
400 Gould & Curry "47 37
Following were the .sales in th» ra".«^ stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session
300 Belcher 37 DOO Justlc* ... „
j 100 Best & Belcher 67 200 Ophir "i !
, 200 Best A Belcher «« 500 Potent '."' J'j
I sno Bullion 10 500 Sierra N>va'<ji] «•>
! 500 Challenge C.on.. 89| 280 Sierra Nevada. 61
I 400 Chollar 25
Afternoon B sslon.
I 400 Belcher 38 200 Mexican 59
I 200 Best & Belcher 70. 400 Ophii 120
1 400 Best & Belcher 71 200 Ophir .. . 1 -mi,
I 300 Bullion 10 100 PotOßf 4-,
! 200 ('hollar 2* ! 200 Potosi 45
! 800 Con Cal A Va.2 15 100 Savage 2:,
! 200 Con Cal & V.2 17 i 25 Savage r. 2<i
j 700 Con Cal A Va.2 20 200 Sierra Nevada. «2
1 200 Crown Point... 2S 100 Sierra Nevada f.;<,
: 500 Gould A Curry 4s; 300 TTnlon Con .-,-.
; :'"'■ Mexican '■" 4CO Yellow Jacket.. 38
j 200 Mexican 58
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. August 14-4 p m.
i- : Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
1 Alpha 07 OS Justice 17 r.i
Alta 07 iK Kentuck — ns
Andes 19 20 Lady Wash ... 01 02
Belcher 87 SB; Mexican, 53 1/)
Best A Belcher. 70 72 Occidental V. :t
Bullion 09 10 Ophir 121 1 !",
Caledonia . *>» 70 Overman IS 15
Chollar 21 2.V Potosl 41 4"
i Challenge Con.. 30 31 Savage 25 ;<;
! Confidence 90 '.'2 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. .2 15 2 -'•"• : Seg Belcher . 07 M
. Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 62 >-'3
Crown Point.... 26 .38 Silver Hill 03 04
Eureka C0n.... oil — Syndicate If- _
• Con New York. — 02! Standard — 2 75
Exchequer — 04 SI Louis — 13
Gould & curry. 4fi 47 1 Union Con. IS .:•
Hale * Norcrs. 34 38 Utah , 10 12
Julia 03 'HYpll^w Jacket.. "7 as
I o — : : r* ■= ■ i.
; Sun, Moon and Tide.
i . ' ■
! <$ 1 ; a,
I United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of " High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
'. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — high and low water* occur at
I the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
! the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 15
Mi n rises a .i*>
Sun set 7:63
Moon seta 8:00 a. m.
C ITlmel ITimel I Time I I Time i
£ ! ! Ft. ! ' Ft. !- Ft.
? L W H W| I. W| H W
lli w'i JH W] L W H Wj
13 .. 0:06 0.4; 7:20 S.6: 11:12 3.0 r.:34 5.7
16 ... l:10| 0.0 8:3« 4." U _• 6:40l 5.8
17 ... 2:06!— 0.3 H:2* 4.4 i 7:491 5.3
18 ... 2:5?!— 0.5 10:10 4.7 2:411 2
19 ... 3:4.V— o.fi 10:46 B.O ." :;:• 2.4 r --4'.' t.2
20 ... 4:30 -'.6 11:22 '
21 ...I 5:111—0.4 ll:Efi 5.J 5:22 1.41 11:33 5.9
NOTE— In the abov» exposition . of the tides
i the early morning tides are given in the left
j hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide ■>(
i the day, the third time column the third tide
! and the last or right hand column gives the
j last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides. •as "sometimes occur. The heights
' given are additions to the sour.-ings 'on the
! United States Coast Survey charts, except
i when a minus sign ( — precedes the height,
j and then the number given Is subtracted from
i the depth given by the charts. The plane of
j reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Branch ' Hydrographic Office. U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
I August 14. 1899.
i The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
! building was not dropped to-day, through an
j error in making connections.
C. G. CALKINS.
I Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
<§>- . s>
Steamer Movements.
$ . #
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. . I Due.
Sunol IGoiys Harbor (Aug. 14
Aloha 'Point Arena Auk. 14
Robt. Adamson. Nar.aimo Aug. 1!
Brunswick lOregon Ports..'. |Aug. 15
Queen (Seattle.. |Aug. 15
Progreso ITacoma I Aug. 15
Arcata |Cooa Bay Aug. 15
i China .;. IChina and Japan Aug. 15
! Australia (Honolulu Aug. la
■ City of Puebla.. I Victoria & Puget Sound' Aug. 1"
Pomona IHumboldt [Aug. 15
; Coquille River. .l Grays Harbor ■ lAue. 15
Willamette [Seattle ! Aug. 1">
Mackinaw jSeattle lAug. 1"
Santa Jiosa San Diego '. lAug. 16
A. Blanchard.. 'Coos Bay [Auk. 17
Point Arena .. .[Point Arena lAug. IS
Columbia Portland |Aug. IS
North Fork IHumboldt [Aug.- 1?
Coos • Bay 1 Newport Aug. 1"!
Wellington [Departure Bay I Aug. IS
Luella ITHlamook Bay •. lAug. IS
Newsboy Tillamork Bay I Aug. 19
Peru 'Panama lAug. rt
Grace Dollar [Grays Harbor Aug. 30
Corona San Diego Aug. 20
Walla Walla... i Victoria & Puget Sound Aug 20
Crescent City... [Crescent City I Aug. 21
Aztec IChina and Japan lAug. 22
Ron it a. I New port [Aug. 22
Doric [China and Japan Aug.
Portland St. Michael [Aug. 22
Weeott IHumboldt I Aug. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. • ' Pier.
j
llolia Point Arena.. lAutr. 1". 3 Pier 2
irunswlck Oregon Ports. ] Auk. 16, 2 Pier 29
State Calif.; Portland lAuk. ]«. 10 amlPier 24
?onita Newport I Auk. 16. 9am Pier 11
rewburg ... Grays Harbor I Auk. 1«. 5 pm!
.rcata |Coos Bay Auk. 17. 4 Pier 13
igkK Maru ("hlna& Japan' Aug. 17. 1 pmtPMSS
amoa ..... Humboldt (Auk. 1". 10 am I Pier 3
'oqullle Rv Grays Harbor IT. 12 m Pier M
•omona ....Humboldt Aug. 17. 2 Pier 3
.. Blanchrd[Coos Bay |Aup. IS. mamlPier 13
lan Jose Panama | Aug. IS. 12 m|PM3S
anta Rosa Pin Dle^o (Awe X 11 am ; Pier 11
V'eeott IHumboldt lAng.t9, 2 Pier IS
tueen IVIc & PRt Sd.|Aug. 19. 10 amlPler 9
ioos Bay... Newport I Aug. 20, am Pier 11
■t Arena.. Point Arena. .l Auk. 21, 2pm Pier 2
•olumbla Portland |Ang. 21. 10 am I Pier 24
forth Fork.lHumboldt 'Aup .2l ..............
•orona |San Dlepo !Aus.22. 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
lolia
« '— *
Shipping Intelligence.
■» *
ARRIVED.
Monday, August 14.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear
itrar" Crescent City. Btockfleth, 33 hours from
S°tmr n \Veeott. Graves. % hours from Eureka.
Ptmr Gipsy. Inland. hours from Monterey
al Slmr a> AlbtQn.' Erickson. 10 days from Dutch
Stmr China, Sen bury, days from Hong
kone via Yokohama. — days via Honolulu.
Stmr Samoa. Jahn?en, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours from Seattle.
Ship Spartan. Polite. 8 days from Seattle.
Bktn Northwest, Land, 9 . days from Port
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola. 6 days from Gray 3
Harbor
CLEARED.
Monday, August 14.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; uroodalt,
Perkins * Co.
Stmr I'matilla, Cousins.. Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins 4 Co.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Seattle; U S Govern-
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. »<anaimO;
John RosenfeWa Sons.
Br ship Belfast. Davles, Queenstown; J J
Moore & Co.
Br ship' Cypromene, Bond, Queenstown; Bal
four, Gutbrie & Co.
BAILED.
Monday. August 14.
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria ana Port
Townsend.
Ptmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr St Paul. Hrys, Seattle. ! •
Stmr Fulton. LevTnson. Astoria.
Stmr Alice Duncan. Buchard, .
Italian l>ark Mario. Canero. Queenstown.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
in?. ;..-.-,
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Epreka.
Schr .' Eppinger, Colstrup, Eureka.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman. Iversens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Johannissen, .
SPOKEN.
June 2S, Sat 2 N. lon 3'> \V— Ship Jabez Howes,
from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
June 20. lat 1 N. lon 23 W— Fr bark Gene
vieve Molinos, from Swansea, for San Fran
cisco.,
July' 29. lat 24 27 N. ion 142 07 W— Schr W H
Ta'.bot, from Taccma, for Taku.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Weeott— Aug 13, (i a m, •> miles west
of Cape Mendocino. saw barge Colorado in tow
tug Pilot, hence Aug 11, for Nanalmo.
Continued On Page 11.MANIPULATORS'
PROGRAMME FOR
EXTRA SESSION
Gage Wants Pledges
in Black and White.
IS AFRAID OF A DEADLOCK
DIBBLE INTERVIEWED MANY ' !
LEGISLATORS.
He Is Confident That Sixty-One Re- :
publicans Are Ready to Enter
a Caucus on the Sen
atorship.
"I am convinced thai if the members of
the Legislature were convened in exUa i
session to-morrow sixty-one Republicans, '
without party pressure or manipulation, :
would go •to caucus to settle th Senat r
ship."
Judgo Dibble made the foregoing asser
tinji yesterday, and remarked that he was
willing to be quoted.
"I have no authority," he resumed, '"to
speak for any other person, and do not
know what views Governor Gage enter- ■
tains regarding the topic- 1 have not dis
cussed the question with him, but have
canvassed it with many members of the
legislature who have visited the city dur- '
ing the past m< nth. I have not seen one I
v. ho does not believe thai an extra ses
sion should be called. I do not know i
ivh.cre The Call get.s its Information re- j
bpectlng the impediments m me way of ;
\»ie proposed extra session, but II tne ;
{taper is guessing some good guess work is ■
Leiug done.
• 11 is my judgment," continued ■' udge i
Dibble, ''thiit ih«- question ol the Senator- ,
t.iap snouia he .setueu this year, in Octo- •
lier or November. The dispute should not ,
Le projected ir.to the next political cam- :
] ;iit;n. \\ r.en the memLieis ol the Legis- j
jaiure went home after tailing to till tile ■
\aoancy in the United States senate their i
coiistliuer.ts assailed them wim this 1:1- 1
qiary: :\Vby in ■ did you not elect a. \
teriatorV "j'hc members were not a-sked
way they did not elect Barnes, Utt,
t-.ia.nt or burns, but why they did not j
t-ifct a Senator.
•it is auc mat 1 have -■ en many mem
"burs <>t the Assembly and Senate, recently.
Several of tnem caned at my office For
example, Senator Smith of Kern remarked j
ti.ai ne was ready to go into caucus. i !
a. so understand that Assemblyman Me- I
lionaid of Tuolumne is willing to enter j
a .caucus."'
judge Dibble was asked if he had ;;d-
Vlsed Prank Brandon, secretary of trie
Senate,- to prepare for an extra session, i
Heplylng to the question he said:
"X'our impression that 1 so advised Sec- j
retary Brandon is not correct. I 'erhups
he obtained this advice or suggestion from j
some other member.
"It is my opinion, based on Interviews i
-with members of the Legislature,^ repeat- |
ed Judge Dibble^ "that sixty-one Re.pr.-i- |
JUans are ready, in the event of an extra j
session, to enter a caucus. Other Repuh- .
licans would go in to protect their inter? j
« *ts, and therefore eighty-nine mem i
would participate. l cannot say when the j
extra session will be convened, or whether
the Governor will call it. I can only ex- i
press my judgment that there should be j
an extra session and the Quicker the |
question of the Senatorshin is settled Ui« i
better it will be for the Republican party j
and the State."
Governor Gage arrived in the city Sun- ■
day morning, and there is no doubt that I
lip was advised of the progress made by
Burns In extra session solicitation. It is j
not to be presumi-d that Judge Dibble will
tell The Call of political deals ar.d in- I
trigues behind the scenes. It Is known j
that Gag* 1 protests against being made;
the laughing stock of the State. He knows !
quite well that he would bo held up to j
ridicult, derision and hatred If an extra j
session called by him should become dead- j
locked on the torship. He demands i
therefore that members shall declare in ;
black and white that they mean business !
and not nonsense.
The caucus talk is as plainly In the in- ;
terest of the Mexican now as "it was dur-;
ing the regular session of the Legislature.
Since U. S. Grant and General Barnes j
have renounced Senatorial aspirations. I
and since Irving M. Scott has turned his I
thoughts to the Mayoralty under the new I
charter, the followers of Burns are con- '.
lid en t of controlling the caucus.
Apart from all political considerations,
the members or' the Legislature, without
regard to party, arc extremely anxious to
get on the pay roll of the State and be in
position to place dependent relatives and I
friends on the same beautiful roll.
Onoe enrolled the whole delectable crew |
would smile at the gullible Governor and i
"point with pride" to the superior genius j
rif the Mexican. Judge Carpenter and I
Stephen M. White have told Gage to
"look out."
LOCAL CONVENTIONS.
The executive committee of the Com- j
mittee of One Hundred will meet to-night
at headquarters in the Columbian build
GRAPE-NUTS.
0(0 cx)o
p On the %
o/» .V/II LUC ofto
25 Breakfast 3^
± Tables Of 2g
o\>o oSo
o<o «)o :
o<o cx)o '
ife Brainy £
?i People $
c/)o • 000
I Grape=Nuis i
O<)O coo ;
0(0 orto
«jo <=><?°
ijj| Appear. j|j
Zfe Appear. ±
e>,o 000
060 ofto
000 «)o
o<»o 000
o)a exto
1 Reason? ll
of|o a >°
000 The food is pre-dlgeste<3 by 000
3Jf mechanical processes. 3£
o& It has the starchy part 3o
°fr> changed to grape sugar. "»"g
£f£ It is quickly absorbed Into 2>o
o£» the system. 000
°k It contains the portions of 3c
oS grain nature uses to rebuild <OC,
<=$o the brain and nerve centers. «>°
fjjjP It is fully cooked and ready 3j£
00S to be served instantly. «|o
Hp It has a most deli.cious £V°
£{£ flavor. . . ' 000
o<>o It Is th* concentration of o</o
°j>° nourishment. . 3*
3£ Children are very fond of 3 to
«*£> Grape-Nuts. °9°
£JC Grocers supply at 15c per £J~
oho package. 000
°0° Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., oyo
£x£ Battle Creek, Mich., make |x£
c^io Grape-Nuts. oJjo
FifS-JUUI&RA ss-SJLSjiXP- &&&&3«§»&ral
ing to arrange for the meeting of the
Democratic Municipal Convention. It is
?? ,! be >'ond doubt that Jasper Mc-
Donald will be chairman of the conven
tion.
There will be a meeting of district lead
ers of the Central Republican League at
headquarters (Grand Hotel) next Thurs
day evening. Delegations that have not
chosen chairmen are expected to make a
choice in their respective districts before
Thursday evening.
In the Thirtieth District there are seven
ties on the Republican end. The Central
League has four-sevenths and the regu
lars three-sevenths .if the thirteenth dele
gate in that district
AWAITING THE MUSTER OUT.
Volunteers at the Presidio Nearly |
Ready to Leave the Service.
To-morrow the Utah men will be mus
tered out. They will go home on a special
train, stopping on the way at Ogden. but j
for a very short time only. There will be i
ceremonies at Liberty Park, in Salt Lake, i
and the famous battalion will leave the I
service.
Last night the officers of the Third Ar
tillery, stationed at the Presidio, arranged
a theater patry. to which they Invited the
officers of the Utah Battalion. In Manila
the Utah batteries occupied quarters with
the batteries of the Third Artillery, then
serving there, and bo the local men of that i
regiment look on the Utah men as brother j
Officers. The theater party was given at j
Morosco's Grand Opera House.
Yesterday afternoon the officers of the
Nebraska regiment were haled before the
doctors and were put through a physical
examination pending the muster out of
the regiment. The Nebraska regiment j
will go out on the 23d inst. |
This morning the arms of the Pennsyl- j
vania regiment will be turned over to the
ordnance "Hirer of the Presidio, and in
the afternoon the officers wiu be exam
ined by the surgeons. The Pennsylvania
men will be mustered out on the 22d inst.
The Utah men have been promised a
rousing welcome by the Y. M. C. A. of
Salt Lake, the welcome to include a ticket
for each man entitling the bolder to full
membership in the association for the re
mainder of this year.
The following letter was received from |
the High School of Sail Lake. The flag
it mentioned did not arrive yesterday: j
Hon Major Grant, Commanding Utah Bat.7
tery — bear 81r: It la with pleasure we write
tht>se few linen to you to let you know that
■ ■.. High School of Salt Lake City is forward
in* this .lay to the battery under your com
mand a flag. it is sent as a token •■• love
from us and we ask you to have It carried on
your arrival at Salt Lake. The High School
join* with their many friend? in congratulat-
Ing you and all the officers and men under
your command for the brave work you did in
Manila and we wish you a safe return to your
homes in Utah. May Gcd bleaa you all. Yours
veryresp«tfuny.
Committee In Charge.
- Lieutenant G. W. Gibbs, Battery A of
the LJtahs.-waa out of the hospital for
the first time yesterday. He will not be
discharged from the hospital until to
morrow morning, just before his com
mand Is being mustered out.
David J. Mitchell, acting commissary
sergeant of the Pennsylvania Regiment,
has been given a civilian clerkship on the
transport Sherman. He will probably
return home with his regiment and then
come back here in time to take his new
position. -
Word was received at the Presidio yes
terday that recruits for the Thirty
sixth and Thirty-seventh Regiments, now
In the Philippines, were sent from Colum
bus Barracks yesterday to the Presidio,
there to await transportation to Manila.
The Nebraska Regiment held its last
parade at the Presidio last evening.
Commander Jacob of. I ie oc-rman
cruiser Geier called on General Shatter
yesterday to pay his respects.
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson,
Third Artillery, and Captain Tredwell W.
Moore Twenty-second Infantry, have
been ordered to report for duty with the
troops awaiting transportation to Manila.
Lieutenant Colonel Edward Hayes,
Fourth Cavalry, has been ordered to join
his regiment in the Philippines. He will
sail to-day on the Senator.
First Lieutenant James S. Parker, Sixth
Cavalry; has been ordered to rep-rt at
the Presidio for temporary duty with :
Troop F of the Sixth Cavalry, now sta
tioned there.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Maxwell b.
Simpson, ■ alter R. Washburn and P. S.
Kellogg have been assigned to duty !
the general hospital^at the Presidio.
THE CHINA ARRIVES.
Encountered a Typhoon Between
Hongkong and Shanghai.
Th- !'.•■ Iflc Mail Sti an ship ■ on pany's
-tiip China arrived in port last even
ing and docked Bhortly afi ■ • it the
company's dock. On board were a !■ ng
list of cabin
se and 20 E
Through the courtesy of the qua:'
officers the first class passengers wer
mitted to land last evening, oui the steer
age passengers will be taken back to
Angei Island co-day. There was no sick
ness v. .-.inng the voyage.
The Boston lei i Yokohama on July 80,
or om lous to the depart v ■
. Ina. She < ed foj Honolulu,
and may arrive in San Francisco aoon.
During the voyage of the China a Japa
hild was burn. This is thi llrst
birth yet recorded on the \ • ween
Hongkong and Shanghai a typhoon was
encountered, which delayed the vessel foi
four days. Alter leaving the latter port,
however, most of this time was made up.
The passenger list is as follows:
V de Costa Andrade, Commander G. Block
linger, U. S. N.; Miss E. Bash, H. Biermana,
Mrs A W. Curtis. Miss Curtis, '/•<'■ Cote, I.
Efron, W. M. Fiook, <: Goffln. Miss Kate V.
Johnson. Captain ami Mrs. J. R. Janes, U. S.
A.. Master Janef, Mies Emma A. Kelly, Mre.
A M. Ktngan, Douglas McGregor, Miss Wong
Fak Ling. Won? Chun, Mrs. A. B md, Miss C.
E. Bond, C, F. T.-.y. H. C. Rodgers, Miss Elsie
A. lair B. McGregor, George Munro, C. B.
Peck, A. Paulessey. A. Robertson. 8. J. Ri.-
-.-•■:•, Mrs. C. 11. Reeves, Mr. and Mrs. J. G.
Schurman. B. E. Strauss, W. C. .Stuart, A.
Seahury, C. Schilling, Mrs. A. Tyler, C. O.
Vogel, Colonel and Mrs. Van Valzah, Miss E.
White. A. Vinogrodoff, Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Wheatly, Miss C. a. Sherman, J. D, Holt. Miss
Ethel Holt. C. H. Smith. B. F. Day, Mrs B.
F. Dlllingham. Miss M. E. Dilllngham, H. G.
Dilllngham. Miss E. A. Preston, Mrs. A. E.
Nichols, Mrs. K. Cartwright and maid, Mr.
and Mrs. C. Bolte, Dr. Elizabeth CummingH.
Mrs. H. Waterhouse, Albert Waterhouse, H.
Waterhouse Jr., W. S. < 'adman, E. Mclnerny,
Miss J. R. Richardson, George Richardson. A.
Hashagen. W. Del Mar. Miss A. Muller, Miss
a Johnson G. H. Robertson, A. C. I>ovekin,
W. A. Klnney, A. G. Rolfe, H. Cartwrlght Jr..
H. B. we, G. D. Gear, Rev. E. S. Tlnuteo,
Miss Sturgeon Harold Rice, J. O. Wood. Miss
Alice Jones. H. F. Lewis, Nelson Lansing,
Oliver Lansing, Joseph Wheatly, Winston
Wheatly, Rev. V. M. Erera. p
Sergeant Coogan Injured.
Police Sergeants Coogma and Campbell
started last Saturday for Spanishtown,
where they were to spend two weeks in
hunting and fishing. When they reached
!.a Honda, however, both complained of
cramps and decided to remain at the
I 'urir.g the night Sergeant Coogan.
being unable to Bleep, started to walk
around the hotel grounds, but had not
• tr i;i the darkness when he fell over
an • rnbankment a distance of some
twenty feet.
It was a half hour before he was dis
covered and brought to the hotel, where
it was found that he had broken his col
lar-bone and three ribs and had also
sprained his wrist. He was sent home
c and will be confined to his bed ibr
some time. Sergeant Campbell is con
valescing.
Harry F. Emeric Very lill.
The report oomos from San Pablo that I
Hurry F. Emetic, formerly Statf Kish and
Game Commissioner, is seriously ill at hi a
home there. He has been sufOrinß from
a complication of complaints, and tl;
malady being serious his recovery Is con
sidered doubtful. Mr. Emerlc married a '
Miss Barbier. Several years ago, fearing ;
that he would not recover from an ill
ness, he deeded all of his largo e.=tate to
his wife, who in turn deeded it to her i
sister. Myrtle, and thpn died. Miss Bar- I
bier bitterly resisted Mr. Emeric's efforts
to recover the property until recently, i
when the case was compromised. Mr. i
Krneric is the owner of the beautiful San
f'.iblo ranch, which he stocked with all
klnda of game and fish.
Holy Cross Church Altar.
The meeting- of the Marble Cutters' and
Finishers' I'nioji last nnti tt r ht was devoted
to -i dUacussfoa over the importation of
a marble altar for Holy Cross Catholic
Church. The upshot of the discussion
was that all organized labor unions were
forbidden to work on the church so long
as the church authorities shall persist in
having the altar, which was cut, dressed
and finished in Italy, put in its place. A
circular letter was sent to all united labor
organizations in which the above facts
were set out and requesting that for the
present no work be done on the church
by union labor.
TUB SAJN FBA-tf CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
LOST HIS LIFE
IN THE WATERS
OF SUISUN BAY
Apprentice Boy on the
Glenard Drowned.
CRAMPS COST HIM HIS LIFE
SENATOR'S SAILORS RECEIVE
ADVANCED WAGES.
St. Paul Sails for Manila via Puget
Sound — Pears, Peaches and
Plums a Glut in the
Market.
There was a srid fatality on the Brit
ish ship Glenard last Sunday. The
was .it Port Costa loading wheat for Eu
rope and the apprentice boys were al
most the only members of the crew
aboard. Captain Martin was in the city
and the chief officer hart charge of the
ship. It was a very worm day and some
of the boys proposed a swim. Two or
three of them stripped and went Into the
water. They found it very cold and all
save a young fellow named Osborne pot
out "n the wharf again as quickly as
possible. Osborne laughed at them and
struck oui Into the bay. Suddenly he
was seen to throw up his arm? and sink.
The boys on the wharf and the men on
tlie ship for a moment thought It wan
■ trick nn the part of Osborne. but
they were soon undeceived when he did
qi to the surface again. The mate
ordered a boat lowered and the appren
tices swam out to lend what aid they
THE SPLENDID PAINTING, ''SUNRISE ON THE GOLDEN GATE."
THE above is reproduced from a magnificent oil painting Just completed by W. A. Coulter, the marine artist of
the. San Francisco Call. It is the finest picture ever painted by him and shows the Golden Gate in its most
t. A stately merchantman is sailing in. Some o£ the sails are clewed up and those still set are
drawing sufficiently to send the ship through the water at a five or six knot gait. Following her is a tug
which expects to get a job when th" wind falls light. Several fishing smacks are hurrying in with a good
catch for the early morning market, while, like a gray ghost, as ocean liner steals out along the Marin shore, bound
for some foreign port. It is the must faithful picture of the Golden Gate of the present day ever painted, and should
be seen to be appreciated. The picture is on view at Kennedy's, I'i-tX Post street, but will be removed to the San
Francisco Club rooms in a few days.
could to their drowning companion. One
of them dived after him, but was seized
with cramps and it was only with the
greatest difficulty that he was kept
afloat until the boat came. They all got
safely into the craft and the sailors then
began grappling for the body of Osborne.
but failed to find it. The chances are
that the tide caught the body soon after
the lad went down and carried it toward
Red Rock. a ,
Captain Martin was notified and went
at once to Port Costa. All of yesterday
boats from the various vessels lying at
Port Costa were out looking for the re
mains, but no trace of the body could be
found. Osborne was a great favorite
with everybody on the Glenard- and his
sudden death has thrown a gloom over
the whole ship.
The transport St. Paul sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday. She took away about
150 recruits and at Seattle will load horses
and a detachment of cavalry for Manila.
The transport Senator will sail to-day
with 650 recruits, a signal corps and a
numner of officers. The sailors on the
Senator were jubilant yesterday. Their
pay was advanced from $30 to $40 a month.
There are three rates of wages for sail
ors on different transports. Thus the
men on the Pacific Mall steamers and
those on the Indiana. Ohio and Pennsyl
vania are paid $30; the men on the Lee
lanaw, Sheridan and some others of
Uncle Sam's vessels get $35, while the
Alaska Commercial Company and the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company pay $40
a month: The St. Paul shipped her crew
on Saturday at $10, and when Goodall,
Perkins & Co. heard of it they at once
ordered that the men on the Senator get
$40 a month also. Hence the jubilation
among the sailors on the Senator.
The auxiliary cruiser Badger went to
Mare Island for an overhauling yester
day. She will be back in the .-stream about
the end of the month and on September
1 will start out for an eight days' cruise
with the Naval Battalion.
There are tons of fruit on Jackson
street wharf going to waste. The can
neries cannot handle any more and the
farmers are still sending it down the
river in boatloads.' There are hundreds
of boxes and baskets of plums, peaches
and pears going to waste because nobody
wants them. If the Almshouse, City and
County Hospital or any of the charitable
institutions want a wagon load of fruit
all they have to do is to send a wagon
with a properly accredited representative
to McDonough & Runyon, commission
merchants, 408 Davis street, and they will
get an order for all the fruit they can
pack away.
A cable from London states that rein
surance on the overdue British ship Mac
duff has advanced to 50 per cent. The
Macduff is due at Astoria from Calcutta,
and the grain sacks with which she is
loaded are badly needed for this season's
crops.
Beadle Bros.' new steamer Aberdeen
will have her trial trip to-day. She has
been built for the coast trade and is
fitted with all the latest lmprovem« its.
THE COMMISSIONERS DONATE.
Election Officials Do Their Share for
the Reception.
The Election Commission met yesterday
morning to announce the result of the
official canvass of the vote cast at the
primary election. The total vote was 32,
--521. A resolution was adopted declaring
the delegates of the different parties
elected, and Registrar Steppacher was in
structed to issue credentials.
Commissioner Lane offered the follow
ing resolution, which was adopted:
Whereas, The reception of the First Cali
fornia Regiment by the citizens of San Fran
cisco Is a public affair In .charge of an execu
tive committee appointed by the Board of
Supervisors of the city and county of San
Francisco: and
Whereas, Request baa been mode for the
i
use of certain public property, to-wit: Boards
and wooden horses controlled by the Board of
Election Commissioners: therefore
Resolved, That the use of such property be
granted the said executive committee, and that
the individual commissioners voting for this
resolution defray thp expense of cartage and
tlmo Ot the Inspector, W. Hushes, who Is di
rected to act for this board in the delivery and
safe returning of said property.
The board then adjourned subject to
the call of the chair.
DR. McLAY'S DEATH.
St. Andrew's Society Determined to
Investigate It.
The St. Andrew's Society met last night
at Scottish Hall on Larkin street to take
action on the death of Dr. McLay. who
was a member of the society and who
is said to have died of a broken heart due
to severe criticism placed upon him by
the Hoard of Health.
Andrew "Wilkie, in an eulogistic speech,
described McLay as being not only a
clever surgeon, but a man who was al
ways willing to assist the poor.
"It seems an outrage," he tenderly re
marked "that a sifted and honored man
like our dead member should be so severe
ly criticized and even murdered— yes,
murdered by gossip. I believe in the free
dom of speech as well as of the press, but
I do not propose to stand by and see a
fellow-member assaulted by the foul
tongue of slander."
Bar. Wilkie was followed by John Rfid,
who, after praising the virtues of the de
ceased moved that a committee be ap
pointed to thoroughly investigate the cir
cumstances attending his death. The mo
tion was received with applause, ''hair
man Webster In a short speech declared
that Inasmuch »* Dr. McLay has beer.
ndered he thought that the
eonim lid confer with the mem
bers of the medical profession with a view
df finding out whether the Health OfTl
cer haJ the power to condemn a doctor
who was only doing his duty. The com
mittee will report at the next meeting, nt
which time the true facts in the matter
will be made public.
DivJsion No. 8, A. 0. H.
The officers of Division No. 8 of the An
cient Order of Hibernians have been In
stalled by State President J. J. Donovan
and 'he officials who will control the af
fairs of the division for the current term
are: J. J. Moran, president; Charles Me-
Crystlc, vice resident; J. H. McQlnnts,
secretary: and Frank Conklln, treasurer.
The installation was in Ilibernla Hall on
Ninth street, and after the ceremony
there was presented for the entertain-
I ment of the members and a number of
' their friends a programme which included
music by Fitzgerald's orchestra; recita
tions and comic selectiqns, Messrs. Scul
ly and Mason; Irish jig" and reel, Daniel
I Desmond; address, Treasurer Frank
I Conklin; cornet solo. Edward L,andis; and
I piano selections, Messrs. Dodge and Cel
laris. During the evening the division rec
; ogniz (1 thr services of the retiring presi
[dent, M. Fitzgerald, by presenting him a
| cane appzopriately inscribed.
This division is making arrangements
! for a picnic at Harbor View on Admission
; day.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL.
Mr. and Mrs-. Epper- C X i 'adman. Pinole
son, San Rafael 1' B Vines. Las Ang
Mrs. Davis, Los Oatos A J Larson, Lodi
' Miss C Tinnle, NY F <; Cary, Lodi
1 Miss M. C Harwood. C B Btackpole, Cal
i Appleton Wallace Dinsmore, Cal
Q A McElfresh, Cal T E Brown. Cal
A \V Brooks, Stockton J McCudden, Vallejo
iW P Butler, Lakeport Miss McCudden, Cal
C Queen. Fish Rock Mrs D McPhemon. Cal
J 6 Robertson, Hanfrd Mrs. H H Miller &
W H Marts, San Jose son, Santa Cruz
D R Oliver, Cal Dr W A McCormack &
.1 White, Oakland w, Cal.
r Treskow, Crockett Mrs Ebsen, Cal
W Murray, Pieasanton Mrs yon, Helmback
I T G Fay. Sacto : Cal
T li Van Slckler. Cal Benj P Barker, Cal
C Rlhn, 10th Perm. A B Saw, Los Ang z
X Blerer, 10th Perm Mrs H Rummelsburg
W L Mlse. Cal : & family. Cal
II V Sutherland, Cal Miss Julia O'Leary,
| C F Bonnet Madera Sites
Garrison Turner, Cal Mrs Oliver. Cal
W F Barnes, Lob Ang- A Bosh. Ft Townsend
C Jackson, Redding J M Waldon & w, Colo
I! I! Beckman, Portlnd J W Bowen, Los Ang
B Rummelsburg and w. B F Berrlan & w,
Cal 'Wulncy
F W Clapp, Lordsburg C N Berrlan, Quincy
I M Brady, Fresno ! FR Hart & w. Cal
II II HarloW, Cal IT A Shaw & w, Chi go
P A Huffman, Cal ! O T Ansmier, Cal
Marietta T Cantara, A C Dunphrey, Cal
Tacoma B A Butler, Lob Ang
J H Laughlln, Cal Miss Marquis, Kansas
Mrs M A Pealen, Sacto T. H Wilson, Orovllle
Miss Lottie Petro, Cal J H Wright & w, St
I Capt & Mrs. Coleman. Louis . . .
Petaluma P ■' Boole, Sanger
: C Q.-Wllcox, S Cruz ED Edwards, Fresno
j E X Lynde, San Jose IS D Lyle, Oakland
F .1 Brandon. San Jose: .IF Bush, Springfield
JM Peart. Cal IE Stone. New York
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Hammond, PtlandrM G Hanrahan, . N T
W Russell. Denver C E Ide, Syracuse
R F Penrose, Ariz L Gundflnger, Fresno
i R P Hutchinson. Port- I Rhemstrom, N V
land I Mrs I Rhemstrom, N V
J W Crawford, Phila ! R I Rhemstrom, N V
IW G Isaacs, US N L.Goldschmldt, Tucson
J T Daly. Salt Lake Mrs E Mansfield, Tuc
i" Wardenberg, Colo son
!R A Cowing. Clncinn Miss H Mansfield,
; L E Bennett, Texas Tucson
Miss E. .1 Bates, Kan C S Weber. N V
F S Dickenson, N V IB Ryer, NY
I 3 Kleinschmidt, Cal Miss A Ryer, N V
J Hirsh. Ca! Miss F Ryer, N V
Mrs D Warner, Japan E Besley, Denver
Mrs E A Smith, Utah I G Goodman, Napa
Miss A Taylor, Utah Mrs G- Goodman, Nap
A Mohler, Portland I A H Naftzger, L Ang
F Brandstetter, Ger- H McAllister. Cal
many ' J A Herron, Pa
J D Farrell. Seattle D E veil, Cal .
C F Terhune, NY W V Wahath, N V
B M Ellerbeck. Utah L Gunderflnger, Cal
Mrs E F Stoddard, I Rheinstrom, N V
Ohio J A l>ut>Ds. N Y.
Misses Stoddard. Ohio C F Berg. N V
I Mrs B J Coffee, Or Mrs C F Berg, N V
E O McNair. Buffalo W Baker. Cal
L McNair, Buffalo Pr P N Russell, Cal
J M Brockman, Cal J B Maroin, N V
W Ladds, N V Mrs J B Maroin, N V
A C Kennedy, NY J It Maroin. N V
J S Strauss, Yokoham M Msroln. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Ross, Indiana W O Meraney & w.
Miss Dyklns, Los Ang Cal
Miss E Murphy, Texas A Anderson, Los Ang
Miss C Cooper, Term H P Buell. Arizona
J A Green. Fresno j J Bailey, Manila ■■
V R Blakeslie, Pa TO Wlnwood, Sonora
F Lilley. Merced ■ B Wlnwood, Sonora
G C Parker. 8 Mateo.T D Black, Cal
O Barton, Dawson City S Phillips,- San Jose
G E Barton, Pawson |Mre L Smith, Stockton
BURGLAR GAGS
AND DRUGS A
LITTLE GIRL
Daylight Robbery in
Oakland.
BLAKE BLOCK RANSACKED
ETHEL ROBERTS THE MISCRE
ANT'S VICTIM.
She Fights Desperately With the
Thief, but Is Overpowered and
Forced to Drink a Sleep
ing Potion.
OAKLAND. Alii?. 14.— A broad daylight
I burglary, to tho boldness of which is add
e brutal gauging Of a little 10-year
-1 old girl, and committed In the heart of
the city last Friday afternoon, was re
ported to the police to-night, and Detect
ive Holland, who was immediately de
tatled to work on the cane, regards it as
one of the boldest jobs of its kind ever
perpetrated here. The matter was not re
ported until this evening because of dread
ed notoriety.
Mrs. A. Roberts and her little daughter,
Ethel, occupy room 42 on the second floor
of the Blake block, on Washington street,
between Eleventh and Twelfth, and on
last Friday afternoon between 5 and f>
o'clock they planned a stroll about town.
When they rcficiied the ground floor Mrs.
Roberts nent the child back to the room
to get the poetoffice key. Ethel had no
sooner unlocked the door and stepped in
side the room than a tall man, neatly
dressed in a black cutaway suit and derby
! hat. rushed in after her, threw her upon
the bed and before she could make any
i outcry stuffed a piece of silk cloth and
I dress lining into her mouth. The child
■ fought desperately and kicked her assall
i ant In the race, but he easily overpowered
; her. He then poured some red liquid.
probably a sleeping potion, from a small
bottle into her mouth, and she became
unconscious.
Mrs. Roberts found the door unlocked,
j and on entering was horrified to find her
child lying on the bed unconscious and
i gagged. The gag was promptly removed
i from the child's mouth, a physician called
and the little one was finally relieved.
Articles from the bureau drawers were
found strewn about the room, but thus
i far Mrs. Roberts has not missed an arti
i cle of any value, for she wore her jewelry
; at the time and also had all of her money
| in a purse in her possession.
The girl had sufficiently recovered to
i day to give a description of her assailant.
! She says the man was of tall and slen
der build, wore a black mustache, had a
receding chin and rather a short neck. On
one of his ringers he wore a diamond ring
and from his gold watch chain was sus
ptnded a large society charm. She had
never seen him before, and says she did
not realize his presence until he slapped
his hands over her mouth. The roboer
evidently left the room very quietly, for
he attracted no attention ■ and escaped
without leaving any clew. His coolness
is emphasized By the fact that there is a
janitor in the halls almost constantly who
would doubtless have noticed him had the
robber made any commotion In hurrying
from the building. The police are entirely
\ in the dark as to the Identity of the bold
i burglar. _____^_______
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Poßtofflce and Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— The postal
service between La Grande and Lewis,
: Cul., will be discontinued after September
1. The Poatofflce Department has award
ed a contract for the carrying of mails
from Seattle to St. Michael, Alaska, to
K. E. Came. William Doherty, China
Flat, and AugtiPt Anderson, Spencervtlle,
Cal,, have beer, commissioned postmas
ters by the Postoffice Department.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, acting Hospital Steward Ernest
L. Smith, general hospital, San Francis
co, will be discharged the service by the
surgeon in charge of the hospital. First
class Private Thomas MeNamara, Signal
Corps, will be sent to Fort Grant, Ariz.
Acting Hospital Steward Clay H. Powell
and Privates Samuel Hall, Adelbert
Young. Mark L. Silverthorne and Florence
B. Donoghue, hospital corps, general hos
pital. Presidio, San Francisco, will be dis
charged the service by the commanding
officer of iheir station.
Elbert A. Mitchell. Company M. Twen
ty-third Infantry, Philippine Islands, will
be discharged the service by the com
manding officer of his station.
First Lieutenant Campbell E. Babcock,
Seventh Infantry, will proceed to San
Francisco and report by telegraph to the
adjutant general of the army for further
ordr-rs.
Recruit Albert Buchanan, general ser
vice, and Private William F. Mitchell,
hospital corps, San Francisco, having en
! listed under false pretenses, are discharged
• the service without honor.
Recruit Leonard T. Baker, general ser
vice, Prtsldio. S.;n Francisco, having ac
cepted a commission as first lieutenant.
Thirty-fifth Infantry, will be discharged
the service by the commanding officer of
his station.
Telegraphic instruciions from this office
directing the discharge or" Privates George
Cook. Walter J. Devlin, William T. Hays.
David G. Keck. 11. C. Scott, Gu stave A.
Ulnch, Frank S. Wall, Henry W. Weir
rick and Grant Woody, hospital corps, San
Francisco, are hereby confirmed.
Pensions: California— Original— William
L. Shackelford, Sutter. $8; Samuel Pierce.
Ventura, %6. Increase— William T. Arm
strong, Los Angeles, $6 to $10; Andrew
Hanson, San Francisco. $6 to $8. Original
widows, etc.— Margaret E. McNeil, Stock
ton, $8.
Oregon— Original— John M. Donnell. Wil
bur. IS: John Gottwald. Heppner. $8. In
crease—Levi Henderson. Salem. J8 to $12.
Washington— Original— Edward Simpson.
Spokane, $6; minor of Sherman B. Coder,
Bremerton, $2.
NATIVE SONS SELECTING
THEIR HEADQUARTERS
Outside Parlors Already Preparing 1
for Admission Day at Santa
Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 14.— Native Sons"
representatives from many parlors are
here making arrangements for their par
lors for the Admission day celebration.
Dr. V. N. Van Orden, J. S. Earles and
J. E. Behen of Precita Parlor of San
Francisco selected the Knights of Pythias
Hall for headquarters. District Deputy
A. Morker and Finley Cook of Nlantic
Parlor engaged the Duncan House and
the Courthouse. D. J. Barr of Piedmont
Parlor of Oakland engaged the Superior
■ ■• room in the Courthouse. The other
parlors that have engaged headquarters
ar« Stanford Parlor, at the St. George
Hotel; Yerba Bimna Parlor, at the same
place; California Parlor «o. 1. at Ma
sonic Hali; Sequoia No. 160 of San Fran
cisco, at the I'niversal Brotherhood Hall: |
Golden Gate Parlor of San Francisco, at ,
'the Young Men's Institute Hall; the Al- j
calde Parlor, at the Arlon Hall.
The Native Daughters of this city are
to give a lady minstrel show at the
opera-house on Wednesday of next week.
The proceeds are for the Admission day
celebration fund.
MATTHEWS WHIPS KERWIN
Chicago Man Shows Himself to Be a
Glutton for Punishment.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— At the Coney
Island Sporting Club to-night Matty Mat
thews beat George Kerwin of Chicago
from the start to the finish, which was
reached in the sixteenth round, when th,-;
Chicago man's second threw up the
sponge after their man had taken enough
punishment to make any three men stop
before that time. Kerwln's gameness is
unquestioned. Matthews was ten pounds
heavier than Kerwin.
Matthews swung rights and lefts on his
opponent's bead and body and ripped his
left to the wind with terrific force, but
Kerwin was always on deck and sent
back right swings which puzzled Mat
thews. In the fifth round Matthews
floored his antagonist three times, and it
seemed dollars to peanuts that Kerwin
■would not survive another round. Round
after round they banged away, with Mat
thews landing six blows to Kerwln's one.
In the thirteenth Matthews actually
beat his man to the floor with right
swings over the kidneys. Kerwin regained
his feet as the bell ended the round, and
came up groggy but thoroughly game for
the fourteenth, Matthews opened this
with a left punch on the face, which
forced Kerwfn to the floor. George was
> up again in three seconds, but was sent
back once more with a right swing on
the head. This time he took nine seconds
to get up and by sheer pluck lasted out
the round. Matthews hammered his man
at will throughout the fifteenth round,
but despite some fearful punishment Ker
win was game to the core, and although
he could not send back a good blow he
was still on his feet with the bell.
The end came in the sixteenth, when
Kerwin was put to the floor with a right
swing. When George was down his sec
onds threw up the sponge, but Kerwin
was on his feet and begged to be allowed
to continue. He was forced to his corner
and Matthews was declared the winner.
Otto Seiloff of Chicago defeated Hardy
Lemmons (colored) of Buffalo In lour
rounds.
DELEGATES ASSEMBLING.
Young Men's Institute Council Will
Be Largely Atterded. ,
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 14.— The Grand
Council of the Young Men's Institute
convenes next week, but the members of
the order are already gathering in this
city. A delegation from Sacramento,
Fresno and other interior cities is al
ready here. The last meeting of the gen
eral committee has been beld. John
Leonard, who was delegated to visit the
councils at Watfonville. Salinas. Castro
vllle and Monterey, has returned from the
trip He reports great enthusiasm at ail
these cities, and that the members of the
institute are to attend the Grand Council
almost to a man.
Archbishop Riordan is expected to be
present as is Mayor Phelan. during the
week of the Grand Council. The superior
uresident, F. J. Kierce of San Francisco.
will be here. Father McNamee. pastor of
Holy Cross Church, is to deliver the ser
mon on Monday morning at the pontifical
high mass to be celebrated by Bishop
Montgomery.
The committee of arrangements is to
act as a reception committee and will
meet all the Incoming trains on Sunday.
A band will be at the depot for each
train.
RECENT NAVAL ORDERS.
Changes That Affect Officers on the
Pacific Coast.
VALLEJO, Aug. 14.— The following late
naval order~ are of interest to the Paclric
Coast:
First Lieutenants J. M. Broatch and W. W.
Loe. United States Marine Corps, detached
from the Marine Barracks. New York, and or
dered to duty with the Second Battalion of
Marine. I'pon arrival at San Francisco, they
will be detached and ordered to report to the
commandant. Navy Yard. Mare Island, for in
structions at the Marine Barracks at this sta-
Captain John T. Myers, from command of the
marine guard of the United States flagship
Baltimore to report to the commander-in-chief,
Asiatic station, for duty In command of one
of the companies of the Twenty-fourth Battal
ion of marines for service at the naval station.
' Quartermaster C. L. McCawley.
from th« naval station. Cavite. P. 1., upon ar
rival of Captain W. B. Lemly. assistant quar
termaster, and ordered to proceed to San Fran
cisco; upon arrival there to Inspect public
buildings etc., pertaining to the Quartermas
ter's Department at Navy Yard, Mare Island,
and Puget Sound naval station.
MARGARET BUCKLEY DEAD.
Hers Was the First House Built in
San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL., Aur. 14.— Mrs. Margaret
Buckelew, aged 85 years, a woman cele-
b rated In the annals of Marin County,
i died at her home on D street last even
ing. She built the first house In San Ra
fael, and her husband, John Buckelew,
operated the first stage line In the county.
Buckelew died more than forty years ago,
and was buried at the base of Mount
Tamalpais. After a long search to-day
the burial place was found on the -Kent
property, and the remains sent to San
Francisco for interment with those of the
wife, this having been her dying request.
j Mrs. Buckelew left a large estate, which
I was bequeathed to her two daughters,
Mrs. Feter Gardner and Mrs. John Alli
son.
McCoy Scores a Knock-Out.
JOPLIN. Mo.. Aug. 14.— Kid McCoy
knocked out Jim Carter, heavyweight
champion of Alabama, in the fifth round
at the Cluh Theater to-night. Carter was
to have stood before McCoy ten rounds,
but the Kid was entirely too clever for
him. Carter was knocked down five times
and was saved by the gong In the third
round. In the flftn he was knocked down
twice, the last one being a knockout.
Longstreet at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 14.— General Long
street, United States Commissioner of
Railroads, arrived from the north this
evening and is the guest of U. S. Grant
to-night. He leaves for Sacramento to
morrow and returns thence to the Ea«t.
Gage Goes to His Ranch.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 14.— Governor
Henry T. Gage arrived here to-day, and
has gone to his ranch near Downey. It Is
said at his law office that he Is here to
remove his family to the mansion he has
recently rented at Sacramento.
Brain Work and Exercise.
It has been declared that three hours of brain
work will destroy more brain tissue than a
whole day of physical exercise. America is
filled with men and women who earn their
living by their brains. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters makes the mind active and vigorous.
This medicine is a tonic, an appetizer, and a
sure cure for dyspepsia. It haa a fifty years'
record of cures. See that a private revenue
stamp covers the neck ol the t*>ttle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mom CART E R5
E&, £s I^raP " * I safe
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cared by tlieso
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price*
WOMAN'S BREAST
AND MAN'S LIP
Are the two moil common places of the
■whole human body for Cancer.
Any lump in the breast is cancer. Write to
i Dr.-Charaley for his 120-page book, free, on
I symptoms and testimonials of thousands he
; has cured in and around Pan Francisco with-
I out knife or pain. Many miraculous cures.
I The book says no pay until cured. For proof
; of his wonderful Micces«. call at his Little Pal-
! ace sanitarium, 23 Third St near Market St. '
and see 1 000 cancers in alcohol. Hook sent free.
£«r-SEND THIS TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER.
DR- JORDAN'S greatJ
ivisr? OR JORDAN'S great^
'museum of anatomy*
4 (iB IQSIHASSETST.t«t.ea*7a.S.?.fcI. J
V HT The Larj{e*t Anatomical Museum in the \
A jL World. Weaknessei or any contracted A
" <E~~j&s disease emredhy the oldest T
© tfBS^O Specialism the CoMt. EsL 36 years. 49
A Afaff A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 6
\ ¥ «S#?>ll Co.iv.ilration free and stmtly private \
a I UMw^ft Tr« I'.mcnt personally or by letter. A A
\l7 » B /■»#•(•«>• Cwein every case undertaken. T
Ami! 11 A V,r:;ct Book, PHII.OSOPMV c- f i
Sf 1 I \\™ SIAHnIACE. MAILED FREE. (,\f
1 J! U valuable book foe men) A
9 08. JOKDAN*€©.,IOSI Market St., S. F. "
/ f^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ i sT^mff f>2s K t ARM V ST. KstHbllstMHl
ffiW|r~fia* in 1834 for the treatment ol Private
HE /fv/PW Diseases, Lost Manh<»oci. Debility or
s^BflfifiSß^u disease* wearing Oil bodyand m!ndar:a
iSg9S!gfisoJ bkin .D!fc<?asi-fv i'hedc«orcures'.v!i'-:i
-^^H^HeHJ others ft 11. Try him. Charges low.
*39nSEflo t'ii!-e»KEnru!il?»fl. Ciil or ,-'.:••.
Dr. J- *' •jriBE.OSi- Bos' S3S7.Sac Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
S«» ' Steamers leave Broadway
yTh-, wharf, Pan Francisco:
'"Im!?**. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
ffig»^3Mßß\ August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sep-
Ky sgS*ar*& tember 3. change at Seattle.
JARH For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
H4Ti«^Sll C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^**SisS:i*S3 Tacoma, Everett, Anacort-s
1 and New Whatcom (Wash.».
"*• 10 a. m. August 4, 9. 14. 19.
91 » S^Dtember 3. and every fifth day th«re-
a 4 fte?; cnK at to ",1, company
,tea m ers for AUska at and n O ou N r By^ «Ta
FVir Eureka (Hurnboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. August
2 7 12 17. 22. 27- September 1. and every flftri
' <5a F O r th er Cnn." Monterey. San Simeon.
1 calicos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
GavYotZ' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
Ran Pedro East San Pedro (Lj. Am.!**) and
£"&?«•*£ 1. and every fourth day there-
Bf San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
?' 'ana every fourth day thereafter.
"For* further Information obtain *>!*«•.„,
The company reserves the right to cnanK*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
a TICKET° f OrriCE-4 New Montgomery
~ THE 8. B. & N. CO.
f DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street -Whcrf at 10 a. m.
rinr 612 First Class Including Bert*
I Ant SS Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CAL1F0RN1A^aiU.................
COLUikßiA'saJls....Aur 1, 11. 21. 31. Sept. JO.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Ba*ts.
Helena and all point. In the Northwest,
Through tickets to appoints Bu^ Jgg
630 Market St.
OQOPAEU PERKINS ■: CO^ TiDteTi6eQZa
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. -
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul .August lO| fit. Paul ..September •
New York.... August KH New York.....Bept. 13
St. Louis August 30 1 St. Louis .Sept. 20
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ....Aug. lGl South wark ...Sept. «
Noord/and Aug. 23 Western and ...Sept. 13
Frteefand ......Aug. 30 : Kensington ....Sept. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawsoiv City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
- ■
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong - with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ~ -v ■
AMERICA MARTJ Friday, October «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of ace,
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
9MflßfJiSn4l The S. S. Australia
1b11IIK>"<18 for Honolulu
Ft"* ""'«» Wednesday, August 23,
y*" '2. J at 2p. m.
JV> — pN S. S. Alameda sails
v NlDa!Ti<nin,J via Honolulu and
G)iMllljlllU &/ Auckland for Sydney
/nmFIBbLU Wednesday, September
lUllir-'iiilWe at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. ; $€!0 first class.
I. U. SPRSCKELS a BROS. CO., Agts.. MontQOmerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St^
COMPAONIE GBNKRAL TERANSATLANTIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. fjg»
Salllnr every Saturday at 10 i m <^J^«
from Pier 41, North River, foot of *V\
: Mortor «t. LA BRETAONE. August ; 19; LA
t NORMANDIE. August 26; LA TOLRAINL.
c\\t 9- t A CHAMPAGNE, Sept. 9; LA GAS-
COGVE Sept 16 Flrst-c'lass^ to Havre. $65
and upward 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second c"-s tc^ Havre $« 10 Pf
tlon on round trip. GENERAL ACiEM.Y fUR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York J._F FL-
OAZT * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, o Mont-
j gemery av*.. San Francisco. ' ■
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
AND VALLEJoT^
Steamer "Montlcello." -.-.
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 5:45
a, m 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days 'l p. m. and 8:30; Sunday*. 10:30 a. m.. S
: p. m. Landing and office. Miss!on-str««t Dock.
j Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
X tabs - - fr; _. fr — •——■■■■—■■■——— 50a
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Tall, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— O27 Montgomery street. ,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock. .
«P0 Haves street; open until 9:30 clock
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o clock.
Cl6 Larkln street; open until 9:SO o clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o clock
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. _ v , •,__'.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 c clock.
tSK Mission street: open until 9 °' clock -
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky streets: open until 9 o'clock. _
MEETING NOTICES^
CALD7ORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M., ft
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) E\ EN- _Jl\^
T v ( ; Aucrust 15 r.t 7:30 o clock. Stated J^J\
rn^Urg" P M and M. E. M. degrees. /V>
By order o_f R the.^.P- H pAr Secretary . j
fill IiFV 'I ■.'■■]■) Lodge No. 51, F. and A
-Meeting THIS (TUESDAY)^^,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. D 1. fof\
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. /V A j
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy St.— Meets THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 3 D. *__^
GEORGE PENLINQTON. Secretary, /~r 1
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
First degree THIS (TUESDAY) __7\-
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 7__J\
A. S. HUBBARD. Seoretary. /▼'
PARKER Ledge No. 124. I. O. O. <^^k^
F.— lnitiation THIS EVENING. ■=___as_--
Grand Master Bonynge will bo z^^Sf^^r
present. Visitors cordially in- - / ""
vited. J. A. WELLS. N. G.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204. I J -*__^
O. O. F.— Veteran Odd Fel-^______s__
lows will visit us THIS EVEN- ?s'_J«^_?
ING, August 15. You are earnest- 'fIN"
ly requested to be present.
E. F. FASSMAN. N. Q.
GEORGE H. THOMAS Post No. 2. G.AJ_^
A. R.— Member" will assemble in poHt?«jif_-S
rooms TO Mi.i' to welcome &____-
our comrade, GENERAL CHARLES A. !
WOODRUFF, who returns to us iiit.-r an
absence of six years. Let there be a general '
turnout. EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Post Commander.
JOHN H. ROBERTS, Adjutant.
405 Montgomery st.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
»t. on WEDNESDAY, Au_ust 23, 1599, at
*:30 p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before it. Transfer ;
books will close Friday, Aug. 18, at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
M. ■' GORHAM. Secretary-
ACCOUNTANTS. ,
B. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations A firms; ref.
ASTROLOGY.
PROFESSOR ROAF of Boston, astrologer and
occultist; horoscopes, etc. 34 Sixth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ment?, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn; mo-lerate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire tex-Congressnian) and .lames L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build- j
Ing. 835-855 Mai St.; tel. South 215. j
ADVICE free: divorce law .-. specialty; private: |
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER. £16 Market St.. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
3s'AGLI. & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels Bulldi us, 927 Market st. >..
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckeia building, 927 i
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. :.7 Market St.. . M*. Mason. |
———————— __—_—. 1
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor. I
} [TV ALE; priv. board; extensive grounds. ,
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and \
Fruitvale av.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O. j
MOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class; 1711 'j
Market ft.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro- ;
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single ;
cr en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; ;
suite? without board, $1 per day: single rooms,
t>Cc; special rates by month, also to tourists.
LAS PALMAS. liilO Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms. suitable for 4: private; bath; board op. j
O'FARRELL; 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; i
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Eg.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address in ths
United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
BOARD AND ROOMS "WANTED.
A YOUNG man with 2 children, 3 and 4Vb years,
desires home in a private family; must be
reasonable; state particulars; West Oakland
preferred. Box S7, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — By family of 3 adulta rooms and
board within 10 or 1". minutes' walk of Call
building; must be first-class and price rea-
sonable. Address box 1359. Call offlce.
Js'ICELY furnished sunny room in Protestant !
family, with privilege of evening meal; Cali-
fornia or Clay Bt. hill preferred; references. !
Address post'.flire box 1"..--'.'. city. !
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boueht and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. "04 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — — CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $10; a. id-paying store; establish-
ed years; full value in sight: all cash trade.
Call It. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. I
A— S7SO— CORNER grocery and bar in Western !
Addition; splendid business; first-class pay-
ing; sick!-. of owner causes a bargain.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A PARTNER with V-'fJ wanted in old-estab-
lished country grocery store and bar; lively
manufacturing town; 15 miles from city. R.
G. WILKE. SO6 Market mi.
A— S6OO— NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
first-class paying; including stock of periodi-
cals, store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms. |
Call R. G. WILKE. K)G Market st.
$1000— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in I
wholesale district; established many years 1
and doing Eplondid bus-iiujss; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call K. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— 4500; PARTNER wanted in pork and sau-
page factory; knowledge of business not nec-
essary; only good lively man wanted to at-
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 906
Market St.
A— s26so; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and bar on Eddy st. ; a splendid location and
first-class paying; stock will Invoice the price;
living rooms: horse an.l wagon: deuth In fam-
ily onjy cause of sale. WILKE. 906 Market. r
$1200; SALOON and lunch house, with living
rooms; surrounded by factories and ware-
house; rent $10; a money-making place. Call
n. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— sl2so; SALOON on Third St.. close to Call
building; rent $S0; established years and pay-
ing splendidly : investigate Boon; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 806 Market st.
FINE furnished saloon; must be sold ..$5OO
2 cigar stores; cheap 150
Half interest In a hotel 850
Fine bargains in business opportunities.
Call room 2, 1007Vi Market St., near Sixth.
£325— BARGAIN ; Decker square piano: worth
$1000; almost new. BASILE, 1 Eddy st.
J3SO CORNER saloon; bargain; sickness cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777>_ Market.
CANDY store; great bargain this day. COW-
ING & CO.. 995 Market st.
AT a sacrifice, SO acres In Fresno County; this
Is an opportunity of a lifetime to procure a
cheap home: do not delay, but call at once on
M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 110C
Larkln St., bet. 8 and 10 a. m.  --y
CANDY store for sale; $150; 6 living rooms.
1234 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD-PAYING barber shop; good laundry ot-
flce; cheap for cash. Box 2201. Call office.
CIGAR stand; Al location; good chance.
Apply Florist, 9 Eddy St., 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
100 SHARES of Alaska Salmon stork at $00 per
share- you can double your money in 91 days.
Call at once at CLARK _ CO.'S, room 509,
Examiner budding.
CALIFORNIANS are slow; I want an East-
erner or Klondiker to join me in an immense
enterprise; few thousand dollars is required.
Box 1062, Call office.
GROCERY and bar doing- good business; ter-
minus of car line. Address J. D., ZSM Mission
st. ; no agents apply.
LIFE Insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
olson Atty & Financial Agt.Hackmeier Hotel.
FIRST-RATE butcher shop to let: evervthing.
completa; a, good opportunity__ll3r. Folson^st.
T S;'&.° B."D C ii^^ M n ark^ a d t.
-AKTED-Maa with $500 to go to 'Oregon . fine
chance. Address box 3271, Call office.
MILLINERY store; best part of Mission; full
value in stock. 1034 Valencia st.
FOR ale-Meat market, established 10 years.
3708 Mission. ' __•
Wrmifra-f— -Tr*-irrr- ■ " ' ' . ' • '
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
PARTNER — Or will sell out wood and coal
business. Box 1072. Call office.
WANTED — Men for rich Government oil lands:
best chance ever offered to make money. For
full particulars address S. KLEIN, box 1303.
FRUIT store: 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209
Second et : bargain. . *"
BARGAIN— Lark Saloon, 12 Seventh st., I. O.
O. F. building, opp. New Postofflo building.
| •500 PARTNER wanted, good house, 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019, Call.
BECK * CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market st.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; for particulars
inquire at 2385 Market St., near Sixteenth.
J. McELLIGOTT.
I FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for «ale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office^
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
! BARGAIN— Meat market: $250; splendid lo-
cality: cash business. Apply owner. 500 Castro.
COUNTRY store, consisting of bakery, confec-
tionery, ice cream parlors, etc.; clearing $100
monthly; see this chance; price $500. HEALY,
917 Market st.
! $175— LADIES, attention: branch bakery, candy,
etc.: rooms. HEALY. 917 Market st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED — painted and rooms papered in
exchange for 2-seated business buggy or -in-
gle buggy. Apply 3164 Twenty-fourth st.
DOCTOR'S phaeton; good condition; at a sac-
rifice: $40. 3650 Seventeenth at.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st. ,
I 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
h_Kgi''-s. snrrpvs rind horses. 1140 Fo'.som st.
[CARPET BEATING AND. CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. _. 40.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson st.: tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240_14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
i CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
i UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Apent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st. _
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mrs7~i>r7~clark,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of ;
life. While entranced she will : 'veal every j
hidden mystery: s.e will show you how to i
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- j
bles- restore lost affections: unites the sep- ;
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop- ,
ertv locates treasures and minerals; tells ,
your entire life, past, present and future, i
■while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction j
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular |
with special "terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, ;
1023% Market St., near Sixth. Always consult I
the best
MME LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past |
and future: never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 2."e and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. New office 11C
Market st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
rani reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies, 50c; gents. $1: sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
I MME HANSON, card reader and palmist: past,
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth st.. room 12.
j YOUR future told by cards; 25c. 619% Larkln
st.; Sunday hours from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m.
X»!ft}~. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. j
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; tells your life from j
j cradle to grave. 60c, $1 up. IPS Taylor, par.3-5. j
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2 r < up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1143 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
I MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
bn nd's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
________-_-_-. _____—■— —«—"-^"—"""™~""""" — ~~" I "TT
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market r*
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 8 rooms, bath and laundry; stable
for " horses. H765 Seventeenth st.
DENTISTS.
A_dr! T. S. BIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
; lied to the gums: the best and most artistic ;
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60o:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or «rowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
! A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS j
DENTISTRY. SYNOL |
Removes the pain; an application to the i
gums and th-? nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 ;
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $•".; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth st.
! AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Mar- ;
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can \
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates 'our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
j DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
laity; all work reasonable; gas given.
I VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10-
-operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. PR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
MEYER, C Turk: Deutscher'7Jahnarzt: crown
and bridge .ik: open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, t.c up; crowns,
S3 up: open evening-, 850 M-.-'-et st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
Post st.
S. F. DRESSMAKING School: practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
EDUCATIONAL. .
HEALD'S Business Coliere, 24 Post St., San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing. languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering — theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examination!*, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
.mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
references, President Jordan or any uuTord
professor. Phelan building.
RALSTONITES Invited; Prof. John D. Hoover
from the Ralston School of Physical Culture
at Washington, D. C. will open his classes at
Hoover Hall, 1327 Market St., Monday even-
ing^
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; Bummer
rates- -V 2 ; French, Spanish dally. Merc. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
AN experienced gentleman, unusually qualified
to instruct youths or adults, will be free for
more pupils by Aug. 15. Address box lla7,Call.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, : day and eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
A LADY, teaches, piano mandolin thoroughly;
COc an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 120 .' Octavia.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court -and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
BIANO, mandolin, guitar lessons, 60c at
pupil's home. Box 1055, Call Office.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1612 Cal, st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI_, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing:
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlssion.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUV Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary st.: t"l. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse,
housework or second girl; city or country.
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. -.-.-■ . ■- ::
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation
as cook or housework; best of local ref.; city
or country. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situation;
understands her business thoroughly. MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref. ; city or country. MISS D. CUL-
. LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants position; city
or country; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st. '
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation; good
ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN,
523 Sutter st. '
COMPETENT girl from the East wants posi-
tion, good cook and houseworker. MISS
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
boat ref. MISS CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.,
phone Main 651. >."■.-'•■■'■•*■ ■■--
LADIES have one first-class German cook;
also a Scandinavian cook; also an American
nursery governess; all desire situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Rutter st.
COMPETENT, well-educated, refined young
lady desires position as companion, gov-
erness or any kind of. office work. Address
box 12C3. Call. '
GERMAN girl wishes position for second or
general housework. Please call at 2 Tay
St., off Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to help with
children and assist with housework in Amer-
ican family. Address 606 Tennessee st.
AN elderly lady, cultured, amiable, will act
as houseKeeper, companion or assist in hotel
or lodging-house in return for room and
board: city or country; references. Box
1372, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist in
housework; no children; wages $16. Box
1371, Call.
WANTED— By thoroughly capable housekeep-
er, situation In first-class hotel; references;
no widowers or trlflers need answer this.
Box 1352, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl 14 years old
wishes position as ■ housekeeper where girl
can go to school; country preferred. Box
1438. Call.
HOSPITAL nurse wishes a position as attend-
ant to an Invalid or as housekeeper; city or
country. Address or call M. M., 7 Van. Ness.
FRENCH girl would like position as second
girl or wait on table in American family.
Box 1370.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a situ-
ation In a private family; is good cook; wages
$20. Call at 1016 Minna nt.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman;
good cook; would not object to housework;
city or country; reference. 16 Willow ave.,
off Larkin st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman as
working housekeeper; 6 years' references.
912 Howard st.
WOMAN, with two young children, desires sit-
uation to do housework in small family; no
children. Address S26S Briggs ave., Alameda.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as working
housekeeper. Please call at 6SI Mission st.,
room 12. .
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, ironing, housecleaning. 1651 Howard.
RELIABLE Eastern girl desires a position In
general work and cooking. Call at 221 Hick-
ory ave. City or Oakland. >
WANTED— Situation by elderly woman; light
housework: city or country. Call 10 Wetmore
place, off Powell st.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist in
light housework or care of a child. Call 946
Harrison St. __■
COMPETENT girl would like any kind of work ;
during the day. Address A. 8.. box 1059. Call.
NEAT good woman wishes place to assist In |
housework or upstairs work. -946 Harrison. I
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place to do general
housework. Call 223 Eleventh st.
YOUNG French woman wishes work by the '
day washing, Ironing or housecleaning. 610
Polk at. ■
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
washing or cleaning; neat and clean worker.
Apply at 49 Ivy ave. ; do not send postals. *
WANTED— By a young woman a position to ■
do upstairs work and sewing. Address or call
225 Birch ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED e.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best Kelp. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. E_3t 416. (
YOUNG man with eight years' experience in !
wholesale and retail groceries and who has
been for the past four years In the employ
of the largest department store In this city, i
Wishes employment with some wholesale !
11 mi: understands packing, receiving and ;
shipping; can furnish references. Box 3300.
Call. '
SITUATION by married man as manager or
foreman of dairy, stock, vineyard or grain
ranch; thoroughly competent of taking full
charge of either; best of references; strictly i
sober and reliable. Address J. H., 1505 ■
Stockton St., room 18.
POSITION by a young man as engineer who '
is competent to take care of dynamo, pipe
fitting and elevators, etc.; references. Box j ,
3218. Call. |
SINGLE man, gardener; understands care of
horses; can milk; a worker; wants steady
place: wages $20. Box 1358, Call.
GARDENER, married, as care-taker of private I
place; thorough experience; not afraid of |
work- best references. Address GARDENER,
Dalves Hotel, Woodslde. Cal. ■■ --'
CHEF with first-class references wishes em- ,
ployment. Box 1440, ■ Call.
BAKER wants work as second or third on bread,
and cakes; young man; steady. Box 1369. Call.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and prac-
tical, can run any kind of engine; also electri-
cal work; hydraulic machinery, etc.; Al ref.
Box 1387. Call office.
AS barkeeper by a respectable, middle-aged.
sober man; single; speaks German: good per-
sonal references. Box 1437, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and gardener In pri-
vate family. Box 1287, Call.
WANTED — young man, window or house-
cleaning; all kinds of walls and wallpaper
cleaned or other work. ANDERSEN, 952
Bush St., tel. Last 963.
GOOD barber wants situation; steady or Wed.,
Sat., Sun. Box. 2203, Call office. '
PAINTER paper-hanger and tinter, 15 years'
experience, with good helper, will work very
cheap; day or contract: city or country. Ad-
dress box 1376, Call office.
YOUNG man, age 25, wants situation In store, '
office or collector: wages moderate; satisfac-
tory references. Box 1052, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a waiter and bed-
maker: city or country. Address A. D.. box
1045. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants situation; general
housework. Address H. K., 416;. Post st.
CIVIL engineer, surveyor and draughtsman,
with first-class field and office outfit, would
like an engagement with contractor. Address
box 1597, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman of good appearance and
average business education, seeks position;
trustworthy and steady. I. WITTY, Hotel
Robinson, 1049A Market st. . •
GOOD winemaker. 20 years' experience. Just
arrived from France, desires a position In a
wine cellar; best references. GUILHEM,
New Europe Hotel, 725 Sansome st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST y. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071% Market St.. San Francisco. Cai.;
glasses fitted by mall. -
~ FLATS TO LET.
A— NORTHWEST cor. Howard and Erie, near
Thirteenth — Rarely beautiful sunny 7 rooms,
$20; water free; key premises, 1722 Howard st.
A LOWER flat, 1806 O'Farrell, 6 rooms, bath;
thoroughly renovated; $27 50; water free.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
EDDY, 635 — strictly first-class lower flat,' 7 .
rooms and bath; rent (with water), $25, no
less; richly worth $30.' :
FULTON, 146— Good lower flat, 6 room., bath;
near City Hall; $16. i.'-V'-.i
i• ■ .
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st." ;■:.-.- ■■:.;■. ' ." '
HAYES, SE. cor. Laguna— Handsome upper
flat, 8 rooms and bath; sunny; In fine order.
LEAVEN WORTH. 1519— Flat of 6 rooms; gas;
bath; rent $15. __^__
MODERN and cheap; 3% Meacham place, near
Post and Hyde; five convenient rooms.
NEW flat, 6 rooms, bath; 119 William St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Apply at 729 Ellis st.
NICE flat, 8 rooms and bath; modern; rent
cheap. 3337 Sacramento st. ________
THIRD, 417%— Latest improved flats; Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms. one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
2 FLATS: upper and lower; rent $7 and $7 50.
244 and 256 Harriet st., bet. Harrison and Bry-
ant, Sixth and Seventh. .
$12— UPPER corner sunny flat. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets. laid and lined..
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st-
-4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WAXTEP--FeMi» le -
-2 GERMAN second girls, $20 each; 4 second
girls, $15 each; French maid and seamstress.
$20; second work, country • $15. D. t-U_i_i!irii,
325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, country, $20 per month. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
A— GERMAN cooks, $35 and $30; housework,
San Rafael $30. Oakdale $30. Stockton $2u An-
tloch $25. Oakland $25, San Jose $lo B»lvj-
dere $20; 10 housework girls. $23 and $20; II
young girls to assist. $10. $12 and $10. MISa
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— WAITRESSES. $20, $18 and $15; 2 ch:— .-
bermakls and waitresses, country, $20 each.
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH maid and seamstress, $20 per month;
city. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
A— HOUSEWORK, Oakland. $25, see lady here
Monday morning; Swedish second girl, city,
private family. MISS CULLINAN, 323 gutter.
A NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLI-
-1 NAN. 323 Sutter st.
A WOMAN to cook for men. country, $20.
• MISS CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 183."
Head waitress for first-class city hotel $2o;
4 waitresses city, $20; 2 chambermaids to (
wait. $20. For the country— 4 waitresses for
first-class commercial hotel, South, $20, free
fare one way; waitresses for Sonora, Ar-
buckle. Madera, Marysville, Crockett. Visa-
lia, $20: man/ of these free fare one way. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
7 FAMILY ORDERS •■•
Cook, $25; second girl, country, $20, fare paid;
nurse girl who understands care of bottle
baby, $20: housegirl, Santa Clara, $20, fare
paid: housegirl, Antoich. ICO, see lady here;
mother and daughter, private family, coun-
try. $35; nursery governess, $23, pee lady here;
woman with a child, country, $15, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Protestant cook, plain
wash, $30; cook and second girl, $25 and $20,
same house; Scandinavian cook, American
family, $30; German nursery governess. $-.>;
D German nurses and second girls. $20; 6 sec-
ond girls, city and country. $20; 25 girls lor
general housework In surrounding towns, $20.
125; head waitress, country hotel, $30 ; 10 wait-
resses for springs, resorts and commercial
hotels, 120. fare paid; 15 waitresses for city
boarding houses and restaurants, $20 and Jo
a week; 100 girls of all nationalities for gen
eral housework in city, $15, $20 and $2a. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED driving glove maker; steady
work. Excelsior Glove Co., 413 and 415 Mar-
ket st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2415
Pacific ave.: between 9 and 2.
YOUNG girl to wash glasses; restaurant. 313
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Young girl to act as saleslady in
small bakery. 613 Post st.
WANTED— on custom coats. 106
Battery st.
WANTED — Girl to do chamberwork and wait
on table; apply forenoon. 026 Grove st.
GIRL for general housework. 409 Clayton, bet.
Oak and Page.
WANTED— Woman to assist with housework
and children. 1649 Mission, bet. 12th and 13th.
WANTED— GirI for housework; wages $15. Call
at 1520 Post st.
GOOD waitress wanted at once. 1070 Valencia.
Call after 12.
YOUNG girl to do housework and assist with
| children. 924A - Fulton st.
WANTED— An experienced nurse. Apply from
10 to 12 a. m. at 1434 Post st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and assist
cooking. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— girl to assist in light house-
work. 1217 Webster St.
WANTED— GirI to attend to children. 1601 San
Bruno ave. ,':'-v'--
WANTED — A first-class tailoress on fine coats;
good wages, by LAX, 223 Kearny St., room
16; come early.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 710
Haight st.
GIRL to assist In general housework; family
I of two; $8 to $10. 1625 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; references.
241S Guugh st.
FINISHER on custom, coats. 410 Kearny st.,
room 33.
GIRL about 13 to assist with baby; good home
and small wages. 833 Capp et.
1 WANTED— German -girl to assist In general
housework; no children. 3116 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— GirI to work on fine coats and
make button holes. 143 Larkin st.
GIRL for light housework; $7. Apply 1424%
Jackson st.
WANTED— Good waitress to take charge of
dining room. Apply 532 Third Bt>
AN experienced finisher wanted on pants;
steady work. 864% Howard St.. room 3.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences; wages $20. 1445 McAllister St.
TAILORESS and finishers on custom coats.
120 Sutter, room 75.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom pants.
1039 Howard st. : steady work.
PANTS finisher. 9 Geary St., room 16.
_ '
GIRL to assist In light housework. Call,' at
1596 Fulton. .
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1269 McAllister st.
YOUNG woman for light housework and to
mind children. 816 F*ulton st. . -■■.•■V.--:.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 528 Jessie st.
GERMAN or French competent second girl.
1002 Van Ness ave. ; forenoon.
A GOOD operator and finisher on coats. 956
Washington St., Oakland.
GERMAN girl to cook in restaurant. 12 Wash-
ington st. i'c"'-i
TAILORESS. 350 Third st.
TAILORESS and operators on coats. 935 Mar-
ket si.,- room in. .;■>■<•■•■•:••.-•
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
ing. SSI Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc..
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338
Fell st.
OPERATOR on pants; electric power. S3 Third
st., upstairs.
GIRLS .......GIRLS
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., at 32% Fremont st.,
are putting in the very best sewing machines;
will take in several hundred more operators
on overalls; good wages. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Call-
fornia Canneries Co.. Ltd.. Brannan at., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
; mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
-Sranaan st., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
■ Francisco and Taylor sts.
GIRL to assist In general housework. 737
McAllister st., near Octavla. •
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on tailor-
ing; steady work. 832% Folsom st. :
GOOD talloress for custom coats. 186 Ship-
ley st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring trade; paid
while learning. 449 Minna st. ■■;..-,--
OPERATORS on shirts; * a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 38% Fremont
at.; take elevator.
HELP WASTED Female.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose ave.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrap-
pers and waists. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market.
GIRL for general housework; references. Call
after 10 a. m., 1326 Grove St.
FAT ladies wanted; goo.l compensation. Apply
■at the Olympic ilason and Eddy sts., bet. 1
and 2 to-day.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work; reference required. 2C:»6 Mis3ion st.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36^4 Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED hand on custom coats. 115V4
Harriet st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework and at-
tend to children. 103 Junlpi r st.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts; power.
A. AARON, 579 Mission st^ _
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 -pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment '.Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
326 laborers and teumsters for positions In all
parts of California including San Francisco,
$:!. JL 1 50, $2 and $1 75 day
O FARMS, ORCHARDS & DAIRIES....
39 hay harvest hands... ?2, $160, $125 day, fd
54 farm orchard and vineyard hands
$30, $25, $20 and found
29 milkers and buttermakers $30, $25, found
19 chureinen and boys.. s3o, $26, $20, $15, found
12 laborers for a ranch $50
$3 50 day. ..19 men for hay presses... s3 50 day
5 men and wives for farms.. s4o, $35 and found
drillers, hamnu-rmen $3 day
.. BOILERMAKER AXD BLACKSMITHS ..
boilermaker for a mine $3 75 day
I! blacksmith?, horseshoers and helpers for
all parts of California, $2 50. $2 day, $50, $40,
$35 and found; 12 stablemen, private family
help, $25 and found. $45 and found; 5 strong
men to work as deck hands, $45 and found, no
experience required, steady Job
boys and men for stores, factories, manufac-
turing company, etc., $30, $26, $25, $20, $15, $10
and found
Waßonmakers and carpenters, $3, $2 50 day
D pruners and budders $45 and found
sash and door makers: engineer, $I'WI year.
MURRAY & READY, C34 and C!6 Clay St.
S3 FRUIT PICKERS $30 PER MONTH
and found, 90 days" work. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOLD MINES SILVER MINES
OTHER MINES
IS3 laborers, no experience required, top sur-
face work, wages $57 per month, with good
board and lodgings
6 miners $2 50 day
3 firemen for Surnace work $60
MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay st.
\YK SHIP YOU FREE
To every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad);
drillers, hammermen, laborers, teamsters,
etc.. $3 day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay at.
WE PAY YOUR FAREB
Vj3 laborers for the great 39 sawmills woods
(in California), anybody will suit, no experi-
ence required, also to learn to run machines,
etc., $26 to $40 and found; CO mill men; 15
tree fellers; 5 crosscut sawyers; 50 woodsmen;
screw turners, setters for mills, tally men,
lumber pilers, wood turners, mill b^nfh
hands, shingle sawyers, shingle bolt makers,
etc., wages from $!>.",. $SO, $80, $76, $63. $60. $50,
$40, $35, $30 and found; tiemakers and wood
choppers by the hundreds, tools and food
found, fares paid; men to work on tail end
of edger; also other help. MURRAY &
READY, 034 and 63G Clay st.
HOTEL HELP BAKERS
18 cooks $M, $45, $40. $35, $30 and found
24 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
2'J dishwashers $2."., $20, $15 and found
porters pantrymen elevator boys
5 first, 6 second, 5 third hands and four boys
to learn, $10. $35, $30. $25. $20, $15 and found
LAUNDRY HELP AXD BEDMAKERS
12 laundrymen, '5.°.5. $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
T< amsters, laborers and tunnelmen for the
Coast rall-oad, wages $1 75 to $2 75 a day.
4 stonemasons, ?3 .".0 a day, 10 masons' help-
ers, $2 to ?2 50 a day, free fare.
ksmith's helper, $2 25 a day; carpenter,
$1 mi a day and found, free fare.
VALLEY ROAD
Free fare, 3 scraper loaders, $2 15 a day; 4
plow holders, $2 15 a day; teamsters, $2 a
day.
20 four-horse teamsters,, $2 a day; board
J4 SO a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
5 LABORERS, city work, $2 a day, board
where you like, 5 months' work; driver for
a milk wagon, $2 a day, see boss here; milker,
$30; choreman, ranch, $30 and found; pond-
man, $30 and found: choreman. who under-
stands horses, $25 anfl found; stableman, $25
and found; hostler, $25 and found; hostler,
private place, $2"> and found; 6 men to help
timber in a tunnel. $2 a day. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary St.
ND ' ■■■■ k, $50; third cook. $40; fourth cook.
$3,", for an ocean steamer. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH second cook, $60, hotel; second cook,
plain hotel, city, $35 and found; butcher, $35;
knife cleaner, $30. $20: dishwasher, $3o; dish-
washer, $2">; vegetableman. springs. $25;
kit.-hen help, $5 and $6 a week. C. R. HAX-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
KITCHEN hand. $30, for a railroad camp:
camp waiter. $25, tree fare. C. R. HA.NSKN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
CATHOLIC young man to wait table in Insti-
tution; middle-aged man to assist in kitchen,
$10 per munth. J>. CULLEN, 3SG Sutter st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family: 3
more fence builders. $2 to $2 25 day, free fare;
40 hop pickers, Soc to 90c, good conveniences
for living; sheep herder, $20: assistant gar-
dcnir, ?20: blacksmith's helper, $150 day;
woodchoppers, %i J6 cord; ranch blacksmith,
$36 and found; choreman for vineyard, $20;
dairyman and wife, $•!.",; man about place,
K5; milkers. J. P. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook and wife, country hotel. $r>s;
cook, country hotel, $4i' and found; dishwash-
er, ?15 and found, same place; cook and sec-
ond, country restaurant. $60; fourth cook and
broiler. $10 week; dishwashers, $20 and $25;
potwasher, $25; hotel and restaurant waiters;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Caterer for candy and Ice cream
saloon, Jl5 and found; also first-class i^e
cream man, $12 and found, for Los Angeles
County, see party here: bread, cake and pie
baker. $C0 and found; 2 waiters for Nevada.
,$35; and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C2B Sacramento st.
DISHWASHER, HO per month; boy to drive
fruit wagon, $4 per week and found. MISS
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st.— Cook, chop
house, country, $40 and found; second and
third cooks, $30 and $:ti; niuht waiter, $9 a
week; 2 lunch waiters, $3 a week: German
waiter. $_.": French waiter, ?30: several dish-
washers at $20 to $30; gardener, $25: man
about private place, $20: 2 pantry boys, $15
and $12: boy for fruit store; farmer and wife,
San Mateo County, $50.
SECOND cook. $75; waiter, $30; second cook.
dishwasher, $20. hotel GAZETTE, 26
Montgomery st., room 12.
WANTED — Coatmaker on custom coats. 106
Battery st.
WANTED — 3 solicitors to work on wagon; also
man to act as wagon boss. 156 Fifth st.
WANTED— Coatmakers to work Inside. 571
Market st.
WANTED— I diamond setter, capable of doing
other jewelry work ; 1 engraver for script and
monogram work, must be able to do steel
engraving for dies; 1 lapper and polisher;
none but first-class men need apply: shop
runs 52 weeks In the year full time. Apply
JOS. MAYER & BROS., Seattle, Wash.
WANTED — Steady reliable man in commis-
sion business; will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— 3 first-class sandstone cutters;
wag's $5 per day; 9 hours. COLUSA STONE
CO., 206 Kearny st.
BARBER with 1 year's experience. Apply 131
Valencia st.
GOOD tailor wanted; steady position. 115
Phelan building.
YOUNG man with some experience for pressing
vests. 641V6 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Pressman on pants. 734 Montgom-
ery st., room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted: $20 per month. 16
Third It.
4 GOOD waiters wanted for restaurant: call
early. 112 Fourth St. -
BARBER wanted. 527 Castro St., bet. Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth.
WANTED— Beer tapper and lunchman; German
preferred. 1053 Market st.
fTrST-CLASS dishwasher at once. 118A Ellis
st. ; German or Scandinavian preferred.
BARBER wanted; steady job; also bootblack.
120 Geary st.
MAN to do janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber Sckool, 138 Eighth st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 258 First st.
WANTED— 2 varnish finishers. See McGUIRE-
I'.iHXS Grocery. Thirteenth and Valencia.
2 GOOD boys wanted. See McGUIRE-BURNS
Grocery Store, Thirteenth and Valencia.
PLUMBER'S helper: state age, experience and
wages expected. Box 1288, Call office.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half -soled while waiting, 25c to
60c. CC2 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sta.
HELP WANTED — Male.
MlLK~wagon drivers, well acquainted, to start
milk business Oct. 1 on shares; new plan.
Box 1593, Call office. ______
: WANTED— Wheelers and men for brickyard.
South San Francisco, San Mateo County.
. BOOTBLACK. . 54 Third st. '
I GOOD sober cook and dishwasher at 8 Jackson
street. '.
. ERRAND boy wanted. 304 Tehama st.
- 500 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
• nearly, new, from 50c to $150: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
; bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6a.m.t09 p. m.
2 BOYS from 15 years and up. to work in
crockery store. Apply 827 Mission.
TINSMITH at 633 Mission st. Apply 7 and 10.
PLUMBER'S helper. 2987 Sixteenth St., near
Mission.- •
WANTED— Good night waiter at 617 Mont-
gomery st.
, AN elderly man as bedmaker at 62 Second St.;
must have reference.
SOBER plain workingman for all-around work
in business; can give steady city references;
married: German speaking preferred; wages
$10 a week; no board. 15 City Hall Square.
'• GOOD tailor wanted. 620 Kearny St.. room 1,
upstau-s. ''-■■
' FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors; no others need
apply, state where last employed.Bx
BARBERS— Good-paying 3-chair shop with
baths in prosperous country town. Apply
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
I WANTED— Steady, reliable man in commis-
. sion business; will pay $15 to $18 per week;
1 must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1032 Market St., room 4.
: MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
, ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st., near Kearny.
YOUNG man with some experience at plumb-
' ing; state age and wages expected. Box
> 1044, Call office. »,
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
i and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week ;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup «""•> .. Pan Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Teamsters t6 drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 60 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
; on Valley Road.
WANTED— mechanics to know \
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 160 large
, rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
' WANTED — One hundred and flity men on graJ-
In for railroad bet. • Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
1 TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis Bt.
BOYS from 12 to 3 6 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
GHSNT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing. We up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
' TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter Bt. .
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket Ft. ; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. We 16c and He
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
PENSIONS— J. H SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE, rooms 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
; to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863^ Market «t.
1 TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
, 'tins and bagt:n?e to and from the ferry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse 1 .rket.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
! 200 HEAD fine dairy milch cows for sale. Ap-
ply at 241 Seventh St., S. F.
FOR SALE— A fresh young cow and calf. 4150
Seventeenth st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
7.TEL. veterinary dentist. BOS Oot'en Gate.
HOUSES — .LODGING— For Sale.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
14 rooms on Mission st ....' $375
22 rooms on Geary st. ; cost $4000 2000
30-roo:n house on Second, st 750
32 rooms on Market- st 1200
8 rooms; new flat; very good 300
30-room house; fine corner
PRICE VERY LOW.
17-room house, new furniture 850
12-room house, large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only : 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house ©X)
64-room house; clears $300 1600
40-room boarding house, 50 boarders 4000
66 rooms; best corner In city 2SOO
Abstracts showing clear title with every house
sold. _____!
A— KREDO & CO XlVt GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
4- room flat: worth $250; rent $15.
«-room flat. Van Ness; rent $20. ; ..
$2500—60 rooms. Third St., corner: a bargain.
$3000—105 rooms, new. elevator; clears $300 mo.
$1400—36 rooms. Market: half cash.
$700 — 27 ROOMS; all rented; Market St.; cen-
tral; $400 cash; bal. time. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St.; new buyers daily.
$200 SNAP— IB-room house; all rented: near
Market st. : rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
18 rooms; rent $40; must sell Monday.... $250
28 rooms; rent $50; always full 738
j 47 rooms; cor.: rent $75; snap: see it 1250
ROOMING house, centrally located; cause of
sale sickness; bargain. COWING _ CO., 995
Market st. ■___
FOR quick sale of your lodging house or furni-
ture or to buy lodging houses cheap, call
room 2. 1007 Market St., near Sixth.
2 ROOMING houses, 30 rms. ea. ; great bargain;
cheap rent: central. Apply 252 O'Farrell st.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale In Oakland; clears
$100 month. Apply 503 California st.. room 210.
HOI SES TO LJBT.
A~ V mT^P^K~&~CcT7'667 Market st.
•2677 Mission; 6 r...520l 519«jStevenson; 6 r..515
1333 Howard; 6 r... 19 1 820 Jessie; 5 r 14
774 Folsom: 7 r.... 18 229 Minna: 4 r 12
147VV Perry: 5 .-... 16 1136 Howard; 4 r 12
285 ' lem'tina; 5 r. 15 537 Jersey; 5 r 11
414 Capp; 5 r 151 267 Natoma; 3 r 750
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St. ■'■.-:•;>_•:■■
LAGUNA. 1715-1717—2 nice sunny S-room
houses: [>ath; newly papered and painted; $30.
—^ — . ■
MISSION. 2533, nr. 22d— large rooms; modern;
electric, gas lighting; water f re«. ■ ' , •
SUNNY house of 6 room* and bath; west side
Washington St., near Larkin. Key, at 1621
Washington st. y... -. .a.
TO LET— A house of 6 rooms: large basement
and stable. Apply 45 Prosper st.
j TWO fine houses in splendid condition, 3383 and
33P2 Twenty-first st., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12 |
rooms.
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
SUNNY house; choice locality; rent $30; desire
to sell contents: bargain for any one contem- I
plating housekeeping. Box 1421, Call. !
BIRCH AVE., 5, off Larkin— 4 rooms and bath;
■ nicely furnished
LOST AND FOUND.
Pocketbook containing key, receipts and
money, near Howard, Eighth, Market St., or
Hlbernla Bank. Reward at 27 Fifth Bt.
LOST— Child's blue cape, with photo pin at-
tached. Liberal reward at 14 California st.
LOST— Geary St., bet. Hyde and Franklin,
out of a phaeton, one light-colored Kersey
blanket with letter B on one side; also the
cushion. Return to the St. Lawrence stable,
423 Post St.. and receive reward.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never falls to restore
instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice,. $5 positively; no instruments used; »af»<
and sure; cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladles' physician of
long and successful practice-; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. in-
to 5 p. m., 7to 8 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere: they will
find in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a ho»pi-
'tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment. $5; no in-
struments used; -satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. ' .
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Instant re-
lief for monthly trouble* or money back;ss up. ,
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
tame day; no Instruments i eri: cure at of-
fice. $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 042 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
THE only place for ladles to consult in all
cases of female complaints; best male expert
physician; we guarantee absolute success at
once; no pain or after effects; we have never
a single failure; we treat by the latest scien-
tific methods : positively no instruments; self-
cure. $5, guaranteed; nice private home; sep-
arate rooms in confinement; best of care;
kind assistance fr.r the unfortunate: price
reasonable. The Pacific Coast Sanitarium,
office 1206 Market st.
MRS DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate ave —
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints: private home
in confinement: every comfort; infants adopt-
ed- best of care and medical attention; in-
stant relief for travelers: all those who are
sick or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure, to; can be used at home.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
") years' practice: safe and c.uick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind symr- thy and aid: sure relieT,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc 1 ba; !es adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent: call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1223 Market st.,
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in one day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. SIS Kearny st.
A— DR G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician ; never
fails to cure: consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023^4 Market st.
DR WONG WOO. herb .doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st./ San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LADIES! — Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable: take no
other: send 4c stamps for partic Jars. "P.elief
for Ladles," in letter by return mail: at drun-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment.ss. MRS. ALLEN. 228 VanNess.
A— DR. AND MRS. SII- A, 215H- Mason St.—
Private home In confinement: ladies' friend
in trouble; terms reas. ; call and be convinced.
NICE private home to confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: Infanta adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife; infants adopted Into good homes;
rm. for Invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 4C-6 Clay, sole agents.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement, 156 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
CALL at 137 Beale st., and see the greatest
placer machine on earth. -
MISCELLANEOUS Fop Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. M:-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth. ..y. '.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission it
Delivery wagon, suitable for grocery or
milk wagon. 801 Turk st.
GOOD gas range; fine baker; more economical
than coal. Call BSO Shotwell st. '
FOR sale— A fresh Holstein cow and calf. 4150
Seventeenth st.
PURE distilled water ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads fob.; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra, Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ice Co., 420 Eighth St.. S. F. ■
ANOTHER fine typewriter cheap: get sample
of work. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Mont-
gomery st. .
BEAUTIFUL cluster . pearl scarfpln, worth
$25, for $10. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separate
parts turn. Dynamic Eng. Co.. 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-21
in. gas engine: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order:
complete: must sell. EPSTEIN, 648 Mission.
A— s3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit, $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and secand-hand^ all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. P.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To lease Esquimau bitch to breed;
dog s.-ne breed. Box 9. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper team* ■
• with harness and pead bars: long Job. _. a.
STONE. IClmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; a v b ;,®
back in installments or as a whole If >ou
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as >ou de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity: see us first.
55, tsV^o^e a.. q^rM^___g__
islk; SvfTWfi- n^bo£
Sixth; telephone South 14. . ,
vjr.ni y re-pectable and private [.lace to oh-
i____f__i_l__M
ANT amount g^^^.^^ffl^
BOXELIT ""°pr^__g__ld S .. 130 Powell st.
cg_^_j_s^^-a_s£V-S-:
i-o TO *=>0 000- lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
anT' proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
I _.„ f,,rnlture pianos, without removal; no
O^g__________te- LICK. 116 McAllister st.
«nwv loaned salaried people on their notes
M indorser. TOUSLE Y. 592 Parrott bd g .
iv vour property is mortgaged and you need
rr^nZ monev *»'* H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling t,jod upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
nHvrnents and seme good pianos for $3, 14 and
«5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. . - -
ARIOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 "28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all "other musical Instruments of ail grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible do-.e to please and satisfy the
customer. ;
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — . Stelnway • upright cheap.
SCHMITZI. 16 T "cAillster. next Hibernla Bank.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister Ft.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the ; famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 El'ls.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or*
gans. BYRON- MAUZY, 308 Post st. .MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAINS! iJars:ai:Ts:— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms. 1710 Market it., and see __->t_er lot.
■ pood Standard nprightg; very fh?ai> -or cash.
\V G. ha' <■;!■::; -n:. Sacramento si., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett .. D:iv:s piar.os.
A PRACTICALLY new Steinway Upright «ac-
r!fK-.:d. Room 12, Flood building-
KNAKE pianos: iew pc:i!e; new styles. KOH-
LF.JI ■■: CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ami new. H.
MULT.FR. -■.:.-■■• repairer. i: l-'ith-'.!-.- :-lncr- L
OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
EMMA SPHECKELS DI.DG., M7 Market St.
Officea Si: tO to £20- , . .
Light. Vent. Janitor and telephone included.
ASH iN & OAKPINER.__Hoom 210.
STORE suitable for _ms. dry goods or any
oth( ■ burners; 530. SW. cor. Pacific and
Lcavenwortii st.=. UMI'.SKN'._ I_4_ Montgomery.
FOR Srent^tore,*! 831* Howard EtJ; just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. 1 RIM
* '''■ lIS Montgomery '■"''■
PALMISTRY.
MAIE. NKKKGA pupil or Count St. Ger-
main CIS Geary St., above Jones; classes:
office hfi>rn I to - ■< m. : renting by mail. tl.
PERSONALS.
WANTED tn know the address of WILLIAM
STEWART who enlisted at Governor's
IslandUn June or July, and who passed
through Cincinnati on his way to San Frun-
cisco 'between th<? Sth and »4th of July, : v '.'3.
Important. MARIE STUART, College Hill.
Cincinnati, Ohio.
REFINED elderly lady desires acquaintance of
elderly gentleman with means willing to loan
$.'.O for a months on new household furniture
as security. Box 1013. Call.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca does not dye the hair,
but freshens and cleanses it; SC-.- bottle; sae
display In window this week. LEDEUER'S
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton at.
MAMA. I want a sombrero; genuine; -40c up. j
Mexican ftore. 114 Stockton r*.
LEDERER'S artistic hair artists make coif- j
fures nr. art study: charges only 2,".c; switches
51 up: hair rolls reduced. Lederer. 123 Stockton, j
II PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape, |
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 130fi Stockton rt.. near Broadway.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS. 995 Market St.. office 2.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices j
by F SCHOETTLER. 329 Kcarny st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Setter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. " American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75: pants, J3 75:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC '.ights in every : on:: Winchester
1: tel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to fl 50 per night; $1 50 to $1 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell you |
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tallor-
m_de suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order nt '
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Fnrrell to 132 Eddy st.
DR CREELY'S Dcg Hospital, 103 Elm ave.:
office at Horsw Hospital. 510 Golden Gate.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st.. near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- I
der. K. YOSHI TAXI. 313 Sutter st !
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec- j
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin.oH Pine.ab.Krny.
A— La or cents' clothing, furniture bought, !
Bold: tel Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market «t.. bet. 7th end Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufneng. O. Nolle, |
Jeweler. -** O'Farrell. bet. well & Mason. :
. i ■■— — — —
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. LIVE GRUVER. frre treatment daily. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 12Cfi Market St., room 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
inrm Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY For Sale.
A NEW BLOCK
FACING THE PARK.
This Is the first advertisement of the new
block Just subdivided and placed <>n the mar-
ket, fronting on Golden Gate 'ark. H .- ■'- and
15t!i ave. boulevard. All Htreets on official
gr:Kle. curbed, macadamized, etc Every lot
■■n t-rpd > with street. These lots are the only
one-; facine the Park for sale at anything like
th>- prices at which we are .-ring these beau-
tiful lots.
ONLY 1500 AND UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest on deferred payments only 6 per
cent. Remember cars pass the property; no
walking over sand dun--?. Grand marine view :
Opposite Strawberry Hill and Stow Lake, ciose
to the new music stand, etc. This property is ]
bound to increase in value. The lots are all j
ready for home builders. Go and see them to-
day. Secure yuur choice. Agent on the prop-
erty Sundays. XV have a branch office at II I
st. and 9th ave.. open daily, including Sun- j
days and holidays, where you can get full par- i
tk-ulars. or call or send to our Bee. j
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. |
A— GREAT BARGAIN.
NICE COTTAGE.
&Soo— Worth $7i.«kl; fine modern fiats on Aah-
bury st., near Fell; only a few steps from the i
park; contain 0 anil 7 rooms, baths, etc.; a good
buy.
?4~n— Splendid, modern; Liberty St., near Do-
lores; contains S large rooms; porcelain bath, ]
hot-air furnace and all conveniences; fine view; i
an i !e t il home, in the warm belt of th^ Mission.
{2100 — Nineteenth st.. near Mississippi : not far
from the Union Iron Works; contains i rooms,
bath, etc.: furniture, etc.. included.
$4750— Worth t«000; Deviaadero st.. bet. Clay
and Washington; nice bay-window resilience'. 7
ro^ms, ba.th, hot-air furnace and all conveni-
ences.
J23iv>— Rent $21; Lan| I m St.. near Seventh and
Bryant; 2 good Oats, 4 and 5 rooms each
$4750— Rent J43; Folsom St., east of Ninth; lot
25x50; store and flat above.
IS2C0 — Three handsome new flats close to the
park; up to date In every respect; marble steps,
etc.: sun in every room; best bargain In the
market ; r<:nt $SO.
to'jOO— Washington St.. near Powell; 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, i'JxT7:G; building covers
only portion of lot.
JS5OO— Rent $72; Mason Ft.. near Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
cf 6 rooms earh: lot 40x€0.
$4900— Fine, Hats; almost new; on Golden Gate
rvk. near Baker St.; 2 flats, <; and 7 rooms, etc.;
lot 2i.\. cost own°r over $7000: must be sold.
A DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$15,000— Corner Investment; close to ElUa and
Hyde sts.; store and flats; large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$41251 Modern residence. Oak St.. near Ash-
bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.: lot 25x
127:6; can be bought on desirable terms.
11900— Noe St., near Nineteenth; 25x105, with
good cottage of f> rooms, bath, etc.; rent -HO;
is a good investment or home.
$5750 Sutter st., near Devisadero; lot 34:4V4x
137:6. with {-story residence containing 0 rooms
and bath, etc.; also stable.
$1200 — Great bargain; Harrison st.. near Twen-
ty-fourth; lot 2€xino, with cottage of 3 rooms.
$2f/.iO— Rent $20; Fifth ave., near D st. ; 2 flats,
5 rooms each: lot 2.ixl2d.
J2So"— Pacific St.. near Hyde*, store and fiat
above; also rear house; lot 26x7.">.
$2100— Clement st., near Fifth ave.; modern
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
200: stable in rear.
J2?no— Nineteenth St., near Noe; lot 2;xU4;
rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PEREMPTORY!!
AUCTION SALE!!!
AUCTION SALE!!!
TUESDAY. AUGUST 22d. ISV>.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesroom of
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEK & CO.,
218-220 montgomery st.,
mills BUILDING.
kea rny street
income: PROPERTY.
PRHSCOTT HOUSE, southwest corner
Kearny 'and Pn^iiic sts. and Montgomery avj. ;
substantial thr*e-story and basement brick
building. Koi H23 to 931 irny St.. No*. 123 to
131 Montgomery ave.. Nos. 613 to 017 Pacific
m. : nine stores and' loo rooms above; property
has 'a front uf over 211 feet by a depth of ;
107 feet 11 Inches and 137 feet 6 Inches; net in- i
come, in ISSS was 510,:t'9 41; present monthly
rental. $970.
BUSINESS CORNER,
GREEN AND DUPONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER, Nos. 1401 to 1407
Dupont St.: two stores and flats above; rented
to one tenant for $70 monthly; lot 23 feet 4v4
Inches on Green St., by 57 feet 6 inches on
Dupout st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. 532 Broadway, north bide, 95 feet eait cf
Taylor st. ; coxy cottage if 6 r;wms and with;
grand view cf city and bay; rents $17 CO; lot
r2'/is62V4 feet, and extra lot 2 by 23^ feet.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB! & CO..
Auctioneers, 21S-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
$60 pi •■ lot— l3 lot*, cor. Thirty-sixth ave. and
M st., 25x120 each: a snap. O. D. BALDWIN
& SON. ?! Montgomery, st. '
$1200— RENTS $100 per month; Clay, near Brod-
erick; new modern flats, 7 and 10 rooms each.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
$1400— RENTS $20; 3-story house lr. good con-
dition, Julian ave, bet. Fourteen and Fif-
teenth. Valencia and Mirslon. O. D. BALD-
WIN fc SON. :'• Montgomery et.
IlGoo— Western Addition i..l 900. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 846 Market St.
$3200— Twenty-sixth st.*, near Mission, 43:0x100;
large house of 30 rooms: will pay $60 per
month If alterations are made: mortgage of
J2fiOO can remain at 6 per cent. O. D. BALD-
WIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$SfW— ■ :i;\" ER St., near Oak. few steps from
Park entrance; Oak _nd Par* st electric
cars; fine residence. 9 rooms and bath; fur-
nace, etc. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery st.
JSOOO— RENTS SS7 50 i*r month; £ elegant new
modern fiats on Broderlck st.. near Oak: 27:G
xICO. O. D. BALDWIN & EON. 22 Montgom-
ery st.
SS7SO— RENTS t?S per month: 3 new up-to-date
flats on Panhandle: electric cars pass the
door. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgom-
ery st.
ONE of the finest residences in the city, the
very best location; ground will be worth
double the price in two years; residence al-
jnost new and all the latest modern appli-
ances; 18 rooms, electric lighting and elec-
tric work throughout: fine modern stable for
S horses or more: everything in first-class
order. J. H. GILMORE. "21 Montgomery st.
NEW HOMES • • ■ ■ ■■■•■
Five, 6, 7, !) and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
$12.10— COTTAGE of 4 room?: lot 27^x100. Dla-
mond st . between 19th and goth.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
RANCH of 2365 acres for sale; 1200 acres No. 1
wheat land; -balance good grazing land;
abundance of running ' rater; good house of 6
rooms and basement: 5 acres fenced with
rabbit proof wire netting: running water to
irrigate 5 acres; most of the ranch fenced.
Ap,; : to S. A. PENWELL. West Berkeley.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 103." Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSBKJEKPISG.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor suite; 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg.; single or en Bultt.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 nice sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
FULTON, 216, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat, 3 rms., cas range, bath; also others.
GEARY, 1812%— Three comfortable furnished
rooms for housekeeping: rent $15. :
GEARY, 1317—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas; yard: basement.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Front bay-window;
sunny; complete; $12; bath; private family.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. 761*4— Nicely furnished bay-window-
suite with kitchen; man and wife; others;
bath.
IVAN HOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
tunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ret
LARKIN So4— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en, yard, $9; also double room, turnlshi
MISSION, 945 Front room, bedroom and
kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1125»,i Large front mi. $2; 3 connect-
ing rooms', furnished for housekpg, $3 week.
MISSION, 925'i— Nicely furnished sunny hskpg.
rms.; beautiful kitchen: exclusive bath ; porch.
PERRY-, 166—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; very convenient. ■
POWELL, 710—2 sets 3 rms. ea<>h: complete
housekpg.; run. water, bath, gar.; $1S and $20.
SIXTH. 216*4 — Nicely fur. sunny front rooms
for light housekpg.. $1 75 per wk. up; ulet,
6T. JAMES, Laguna and McAllister Choicest,
eunnle?t in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SUTTER 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites: also hskpe. : terms reasonable.
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com- '
plete; first Boor, front: bath: gas.
THREE furnished housekeeping rooms, $13. j
m Hickory .ave.. near Gough st. ____^
VAN NESS ave.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath; other rooms. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The vVeekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I nfiirn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBUTSFOKD (The), cor. Uroadway and Polk,
yuiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
tingle, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hf.tel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 let-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; Me to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
AT VI Second— Nice tingle, double and light
keeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
AT 30 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364 ■ Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, -from $1 50 a week up.
EDDY 614 — Small sunny front room nicely fur-
nished; closet, bath, folding-bed; private
family, clear, and quiet: $S.
FERNWELL House,47 Post— New management;
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FOLSOM, 77-. : 2 -Large furnished room to rent,
very convenient.
FOURTH, 222% (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites, $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEART. (The Navarre) Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MKS.H\Lh.
GEARY. 65S— Elegantly furnished parlors for
rent; also single rooms: bath. '.■
_F-\RY 710 near Leavenworth — neatly fur-
nished rooms, $7 ani $1 per month: gas, bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SB. cor Seventh and
Mission 6ts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK Houst. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. •
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Two
single bedrooms; separate; one sunny; cheap.
HARRISON, 501, near First— Three unfurnished
rooms to let; no children. j
HAWTHORNE, 31, bet. M and 3d, nr. How-
Newly fur. Single, doub. rniF.. ?! wk. up.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton-
Sunny .suites, single ri_____elev. ; free baths.
HOWARD, Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up. also housekeeping and transient.
LARXIN. 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished; yard; $9; double room fur.. $7.
LEWIS, 16 off Taylor 4 bay-window rooms,
$15, and two partly furnished rooms, $«.
MARKET, 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET. 1037V4 (The Epworth)— » to $20 per
- month; $1 £5 to $5 per week; clean and re-
spectable. '
MINNA. CRT. cor. Eighth—Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1241— Two connecting front rooms,
for two only. • .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 537— Large room; suitable for one
or two gentlemen.
POLK, 717— Nicely furnished rooms, $5 and $6;
light housekeeping.
POST. C22— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUN.
POWELL. 608A Finely furnished rooms, suite
or single; bath; private family; gentlemen
only.
ROYAL House, 126 Elila at.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60;
week, 52 to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat. : baths.
SEVENTH, 230 A— 2 newly furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; new house; JS and $IC.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
neai Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33. r.r. Market, Hlllsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
SIXTH, 130— Rooms for light housekeeping;
also rooms.
STEVENSON. 409, above r,th— Nice sunny front
rooms, froni $1 up: clean, quiet.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sunny rooms;
also small room; from $3 up.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. Cth— Sunny corner
nns., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD, "s— Sunny white rooms; white gas
lights; extra good beds; $1 60 to $3 a week.
THIRD. 100%. near Mission— The Seattle
Funny rooms. $1 25 to $8.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In th#
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. \
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 15, 1899.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms for a fam-
ily of 4 adults; north of Broadway, east of
Leavenworth si. Bo* 1459, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, ?1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
}2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: pnor.e Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrincr nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for 14 : collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. Si per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's test circle. 2 p. m. ;.
articles read; circle 8 p. m.; 10c. 14A Geary.
JOHN SLATER— Sittings dally, •10 to 4. 1809
Stockton st., near Greenwich.
MME yOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 603 McAllister, 10c: cqme. skeptics.
AT Friendship Hall, 335 McAllister, sittings
• daily, 2, 8 p. m. ; tests by good mediums: 10c.
MRS, J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
STORAGE ' AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
j .' 722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
i PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. ]
I Office 401 Post, cor. 'Powell; tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESSEKERS!
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. — $1650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home: 6 rooms, bath.
No — $8000 for a $1700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 6— 54500 for a $7000 home: 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
i avenues of the .city and contain modern im-
provements. j
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
«20 Market St., S. F.. Bny-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS. _
— New House. 8 rooms and bath; lot Mix
150; good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta- I
tlcn. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health; larc* ,
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FTTNKE. HIS *th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST been foreclosed; a fine 7-room house; all i
latesf Improvements; large lot; fruit trees, j
ties ("lives, plums, etc.: 2 blocks from sta-
tion; 1 block from electric; 7 minutes from i
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
$189 IMMEDIATE sale must be made; cheap
at $2500; lot G0_122:6; one block from station
and electric cars; fine cottage, 6 rooms and
bath: large front and back porches: well,
windmill and tank; lawn, shrubbery and
fruit trees; examine this property. li. D.
IRWIN. Lorin Station, Berkeley;
HILLEGASS tract.
■ within 5 minutes from university.
6 MINUTES from STATION.
lots 160 feet IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property In Alameda
County.
. Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNION. 2223— R00ms with board: near Univer-
sity grounds and Telegraph-ave. cars. MRS.
JONES.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRIITVALE REAL — VIE.
LARGE, level lota, $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas; fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare; glorious climate: build a home to suit
yourself; easy payments: no city taxes. SYN- :
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale sta. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAIi ESTATE.
$10 CASH, $6 monthly for a fine chicken run; ;
50x256 deep; price $190; more land adjacent
may be had cheap; all level; excellent soil;
' good drainage and lovely view; no fogs nor
cold winds; a family can live in a tent here
and enjoy every hour; near electric car line
and grand boulevard; not far from a model
[house; West all Tract, in the lovely val-
ley of Fruitvale. adjoining East Oakland. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., Oakland;
carriage free.
H. 7.. JONES, Owner.
19-ROOM house; good location; rental $36: see
it quick. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oak-
land. I
$10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E. i
E. BUNCE. 908. Rroadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED 6 rooms: modern; cas and coal
ranges; nice garden; $25. "Address 1463 Twen-
ty-third ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND I'll! .11? HE I Oil SAX.E.
AN introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th ami Franklin. Oakland.
i . ' Li.: ;
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 70' (25 cents i
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta- j
tion Company will be payable at the office of ;
the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Monday. August 21, 1593.
Transfer books will dose on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15. 1599. at 3 o'clock i>. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
-. 'marriage licenses.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Samuel A. Phillips and Rosabella F. Lyons.. 3s-27
Byron H. Martin and Edith L. Quigley 21-18
Andrew Cherigbino and Julia Maher 27-26
Pasquale Oerardie and Igna-la Dimino 27-22
Earl D. Vairo and Florence (J. Noyes.. 27-23
Pietr«. Barbonchlelli and Ida Mat eon I — i.. 27-19
Patrick McGinn and Hannah MacKelvey. .2B-23
Ignatz Eppertshausen and Rosa Mann 42-24
Walter D. Kersey and Helen H. Lobdell 25-24
William Henrtckson and Olga F. Smith. 27-22 !
J. J. Schlnkel and Susie M. Glanvllle 22-21 |
H A. Stanslleld and Frances E. Wheeler. ..24-23 :
M L. Hayes and Ella Lynch 28-25
Cornelius P. Elder and Sarah .1. Gott 42-12
Israel Flatow and Fannie Kozmlnsky 3S-26
Louis Schultz and Marie C. Peterson 50-48
T. E. Lawless and Maude L. Hampton 24-21
Jules Aron and Bydnle Franklin 34-25
Philip N. Russel and Zella Bridgford SS-20 |
David Spiegel and Sarah Hoffmann 6S-44 i
ponnl 1 McLeod and Eva Lee 22-16 '■
~ BIRTHS— MAR I AGES— DEATHsT"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HUGHES— In this city. August 3. 1599. to the
wife of Patrick Hughes, a daughter.
LACEY— In this city. August 8, 1899, to the i
wife of Thomas F. Lacey, a daughter.
PORTELLO--In South San -Francisco, August
14, ISC'9, to the wife of Manuel Portello, a son.
STROBACH— In this city. August 13, 18S9, to j
the wife of Max Strobach. a son.
MARRIED.
MENPIOROa— In this city, August
11. 1819, by F. H. Kerrigan, Justice of the
Peace, Frederick F. Cooper of San Francisco
and Aurelia R. Mendloroz of Oakland. Cal.
. DIED. '
Armbrust, Marguerite Mowe. Harriet E.
Chapman, Dollle M. Newman, Morris
Cook, Mrs. Hartley Peguillan. Eugene
Corbett. Mr. and Mrs. Provensal, Emma
P. J. Read, George S.
Cusanovlch, George Sack, Lina
Dahl. Mabel M.- Sexton, Mary A.
Flynn. William Shafer, M.
Husson, Francois Summerfleld, Itzlg
Imsand, Joseph I. Tatreau, Mrs. M. M.
Klncaid. AVilllam Wilson. Harry
Larsen. Annie Younger, Margaret B. '
Matteson, Lewis E.
ARMBRUST— In this city. August 14, ISO9,
Marguerite Charlotte, dearly beloved daughter
of Charles A. and. Ada K. Armbrust. sister :
HfcNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRKCTORS AND ISMEALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln .jenoai.
Telephone South SO. -.■•juc-,
i:V'-'.---);S>' J ■:■ -.t' '■ '.-"■: ■'\:i
of Willie end Elva Armbrn.- 4 , and grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Pastel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year S months
and 1 day.
!T_rF.rienu3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite- to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1122 Noe street, between Twenty-
fourth and Jersey. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
CHAPMAN— In Oakland, August 13, 1899, Dol-
lie M Mr , beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
. H. Chapman. 0 native of. San Francisco, aged
23 years 4 months and 11 days.
COOK— In this city, August 13, 1899, Mrs. Hart-
• ley, beloved wife of A. H. Cook, a native of
Baden Germany.
(T7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 441VS Bryant street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gate avenue, for serv-
ices. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. i
CORBETT— An anniversary mass wlllVb" cele-
brated for the repose of the souls of Mr. and
Mrs. P. J. Corbett to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 9 o'clock, at Sacred Heart Church, corner
Fell and FlHmore streets. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
. CUSANOVICH— In- this city. Aucust 13, 1899,
George, beloved, son of Clementina and the-
late John Cusanovlch, and brother of Clem-
entina, Johnnie, Joe, Luclan and Phoebe Cusa-
novich, Mrs. V. Stlapich and Mrs. Mary Zaro,
a native of Sutter Creek, Cal., aged 11 years
' 7 months and 2". days.
£_>■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from fhe family resi-
dence, 1213 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, near Howard,
where services will be held, commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DAHL— In this city, August 13. ISM, Mabel M.,
dearly beloved daughter of Henry and Erne-
lia Dahl. a native of California, aged 3
years 5 months and 25 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1114 Hampshire street. Interment
C press Lawn Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city, August Is, 1599. Wil-
liam, relict of the late Ellen Flynn. and
father of John W. and Joseph E. Flynn and
Mr«. Albert Bartholomew, a native of Water-
ford. Ireland, ai • d 63 years.
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Albert Bartholo-
mew 241 Minna street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUSSON In this city, August 10. 1599, Fran-
cols Husson. a native of France, aged 73
years.
[T_:?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Dame des Victoires French
Church, where services will be held.
IMSAND— In this city, August 14. 1899, Joseph
Ignatz. dearly beloved, husband of Antonia
[msand. father of Joseph, Maria. Rosa, Lud-
wig and Alfred Imsand, and brother of Mrs.
William Ruth and Mrs. M. Schmidt, a na-
tive of Obeswald, Canton Wallis, Switzer-
land, aged 37 years and 10 months.
KINCAID-In this city, August 14. 1899, Wil-
liam Kincaid, a native of Kentucky, aged 73 I
years.
LARSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
August 14. 1899, Annie Larsen, a native of
New South Wales, aged 28 years.
MATTKSi —In Oakland, August 14. 1899,
Lewis Elwyn, beloved husband of Ada Mat-
teson, a native of New York, aged 46 years
3 months an 1 11 days.
MOWE— In this city. August 14. 1899, Harriet
Elizabeth, relict of the late George W- Mowe, !
and mother of Mrs. A. P. Redding, aeed 75
years.
NEWMAN— In this city. August 13. 1899, Mor-
ris, beloved busl and of Pauline Newman,
and brother of Max and Adolpb Newman and I
Mrs. J. Rice, a native of Hungary, aged 31
years.
ETFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from 1038 Valencia
street. Interment Salem Cemetery by car-
ria_f.
PEGUILLAN In this city, August 14. 1899, Eu-
gene, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
PeguiHan, son of Mrs. Theodore O'Doul. lov-
ing father of Theodore, Emll, Eugene, Ed-
ward and the late John PeguiHan, Mrs. J. S.
Peai'd, Mrs. F. lioutrick and Mrs. J. Arronge,
and brother of the late Emil Pegutllan, Au-
gust 6'Doul and Mrs. Joseph Belloli. a na-
tive of Bayou Plaquaman, La . aged 86 years
8 months and 11 days. (New Orleans. New
York and French papers pi. -as- copy.)
£_?• r | en and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited tc attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence 1124U Folsom street, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
he celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
PROVENSAL— In this city. August 14, 1899,
Emma beloved daughter of Marie Provensal,
and cousin of Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Char-
lotte Fouchy and Mr. and Mrs. Labataille.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
August 17, at 1 o'clock, f mm the residence 1
of her j.arents. Hank street, near Cortland
avenue, thence to Notre Dame des Victoires
French Church, Bush street, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
REED— this city, August 13, I<S99. George S.,
beloved son of William A. and the late Mar-
gucrette Reed, and brother of Mrs. Otto 1
Ernst Mrs Chris Rose of San Pablo, Mrs. >
Mary Keegan, Mrs. Joseph! Hill, the late
Mrs Laura Coleman and Charles Reed, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 3 months j
and 4 days.
ICPFrlendS and acquaintances are r<»sr>wt- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of James Hasan, »43 Valencia street. In-
terment Holy Cross -Cemetery .
SACK this city. August 12, 1899, Lina, be-
loved wife of George Sack, a native of Alx-
la-Chapelle, Germany, aged 26 years 10 months
and 3 days. A member of German-American
Circle, I."C. O. F.
CjCFriends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral thin day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theo. Dlcrks, 957 Mission street, thence
to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue, where services will be held at 1 o'clock.
SEXTON In this city, August 14. 1593, Mary
A. dearly beloved daughter of Philip and the
late Catherine Sexton, and niece of Mary
Cahill, a native of San Francisco, atred 1
ye.ir 1 month and 13 days.
(T^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 10* o'clock, from the resi-
- dence of her father, 21 Pearl street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIIAFEH— In this city, August 12. ISP9, M.
Shafer a native of Germany, aged 7" years.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin .<• Co., lib
Geary street
SUMMERFIELD— In Loebau, West Prussia,
July 21 1899, [trig Summerfield, dearly be-
loved father of Herman. Maurice and Lester
6ummerfleld, Mrs. Sarah Summerfleld, Mrs
Helena Oppenhelmer and Mrs. Hanchen Nau-
man, in his eightieth year.
T \TREAU— Near San Jose, AunniFt 14, 1599,
Mrs Mai Vina Matott Tatreau, beloved wife
of John Tatreau, daughter of Mrs. Angc-
' linue Demars, sister of Mrs. A. L. Casavon,
Mrs. J. P. Seal, Mrs. A. B. Whittler, Mrs. ■'. .
F. Murray and E. L. and John Matott Jr.,
and beloved aunt of George A. Real.
Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WILSON— the City and County Hospital,
August 11 1899, Hairy Wilson, a native of
California, aged 29 years.
YOUNGER— In Sacramento, Cal., • August 13,
1899 Marsaret S.. wife of Andrew Younger,
and mother of Mrs. M. Long and T. W.. An-
drew and J. H. Younger, a native of Eng-
land, aged 70 years 9 months anil 9 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1010 O street, Sacramento, Cal.
CARD OF THANKS.
Will the friends of the late Dr. G. B. Mc-
Lay kindly accept this acknowledgment of
the deep .sympathy expressed to his family
in their sad bereavement, as the expressions
were too numerous to acknowledge indi-
vidually"' With sincere thanks,
Muuanj . ™» MRS. M.LAV AND FAMILY.
FAIR CASE REARGUED
Supreme Court Justices Listen to
More Law Upon Trusts.
A year ago tho trust features of tho Fair
will case were argued at length before the
Supreme Court on appeal from the deci
sion and judgment of Judge Slack, who
had heard the case in the Superior Court.
The higher tribunal has given the ■■;« ■<•
much attention and many consultations
of the Justices have been held upon the
complex and perplexing points involved.
At last the Justices agreed to disagree
until such time as more suggestions us to
law and fact could be presented by tho
legal lights interested for the several par
ties involved. , 
The reargument of the case came up
before the Supreme Court In bank yesti r
,\a\ judge R. Y. Hayne and William
Pierson appeared and represented the
trustees Attorneys Crothers, Goodfel
low Angus and Judge Van K. Paterson
appeared for the minor heirs, children of
Mrs Oelrichs. The children of the de
ceased millionaire were represented by
Charles E. Wheeler and Judge John Gar
'iii his argument Judge Hayne attacked
the decision of Superior Judge Slack, con
tending that it was erroneous and that
•he trust made by Fair was valid and
permissible under the laws of this State
Attorney Wheeler contended that the,
trust was void and that Fair had no power
to alienate his property, as set forth in
his win. The argument lasted until late
in the afternoon. The decision will bo
rendered later. .;• '"
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Curtis Cunningham, laborer, Sacra
mento. ?234 80; Charles B. Kibbey. agent,
San Francisco, SSSO. Neither bad assets.
PERRAULT ROSE
TO A QUESTION
OF PRIVILEGE
Scored Statements of
Sheehan.
SUPERVISORS HEAR PROTESTS
VARIOUS CITY DEPARTMENTS
ASK FOR MORE MONEY.
Street Superintendent Fragley Af
forded Some Relicf — City Sup
plies Cannot Be Pur
chased Monthly.
Dr. Pf-rrault rose to a question of
privilege yesterday when the Supervisors
came together, and denounced as rank
misstatement a Btory which appeared in
the Examiner of Sunday concerning the
office of Tax Collector Sheehan and the
political differences alleged to exist be
tween him and the Supervisor. Mr.
Sheehan registereu an energetic kick be
cause of the refusal of the Supervisors
to allow him $1500 additional in the tax
levy for extra clerk hire, and alleged that
Perrault, aa chairman of the Finance
Committee, was acting as the agent of
Crimmins and Kelly. This Perrault de
nied yesterday, and Sheehan. expecting
a well-served-up roast, did not appear.
Instead he was represented before the
board by Gavin McNab and Morris M.
Bs'tee, also by his chief deputy, Tom
Hagan. The attorneys announced that
they had come in to talk over the $1500
proposition, but Perrault headed them off
with an inquiry as to whether or no they
were prepared to stand tor the truth of
the matter given the Examiner by Shee
han. They admitted they were not. and
finally gave up the (on entirely and re
tired. There were a number of other
county officials on hand to argue again
for a raise in the amounts allowed their
several offices under the tax levy, but the
board took no action except In the cane
of the Street Department. Superintendent
Fragley reported that the Sixth-street
sewer system was so badly clogged that
the health of the entire district south of
Folsorn street was menaced and said he
would need $10,000 a 1 least to put it in
working order. A resolution was adopted
making that amount of his tax appor
tionment Immediately available. Joseph
Goddard was present aa the representa
tive of County <Me!k Deane, and Presi
dent Crockett of the gas company came
in With C C <!. Miller, also of the com
pany, to mnke a personal request for an
increase of 56000 in the gas fund.
Supervisor Byington's anti-turntablp or
dlnance came up for final action, but on
n of Aigeltinßer was laid ov*r for
week In order that the representatives
. r the several street railways might have
time to present their side of the case.
\ communication from the residents of
Kentucky street stated that the Market-
Btreet Railway Company was taking out
die iron electric poles along that
thoroughfare and substituting in theii
plaee wooden ones, which by no means
enhanced the beauty of the district. A
resolution was adopted denying the right
of the company to proceed and ordering
!t to return the iron poles already taken
The Gaa Inspector said ho could save
$200 per month in City Hall gas bills alone
if ho were given the right to go ahead.
The right was granted him. Supervisor
Collins reported that he had expended
$525 In repairing the Central Receiving
Hospital and that it was in better con
dition than it had ever been. Dr.Coffey
of the Board of Health and Dr. Lawlor,
the Health Officer, reported upon the
frishtful condition of the City and County
Hospital and also said that while the
Supervisors had provided In the levy tor
salaries for attaches at the Harbor Hos
pital no allowance had been mad- for
bandages and medicines. They asked the
board to take some action.
Cty and County Attorney I,ane was
Instructed to take what proceedings hi?
judgment should dictate to assure an
early completion of tho Hall of Justice.
The architects reported that the budding
could not be opened by September 1. The
board also approved the action of the
architects In contracting with Canill &
Hale for four elevators in the flail Ol
Justice and Morgue, buildings at a cost
;• $13,300 It was decided that the speci
fications authorised the architects to seg
regate the work and invite proposals
Fin- Commissioner Boyd was granted a
leave of absence for sixty days and As
sessor Podge was authorized to expend
$3000 in August for extra deputies. .
Cty and County Attorney T.ane sub
mitted an opinion which agreed with that
f Auditor Wells in that the Board of
Supervisors may not create a commission
to prosecute any public work, but may
appoint cither an engineer or an architect.
Mr 1 ane's op nion was called out by the
action of Auditor W*lls in holding up the
claims of the sewer commission on the
eround that that body was Mescal and the
nroposed issue of bonds would be inval
idated if the commission were not legally
Mr lane ' s.-i id that wnile ho did not
think the bonds would be rendorod in
valid he thought It would be best to fol
low the strict letter of the law in. order
that no question could ever he raised.
By a v>te of seven to five the ordinance
recently adopted upon the advice of the
Merchants' Association which required all
<-itv supplies to be bought monthly in tho
open market upon proposals submitted by
reputable merchants was repealed. The
resolution to repeal was offered by At
tridge, who said that under the new sys
tem it was impossible to buy perishable
Mods needed at the City and County
Hospital in emergency cases.
Postoffice receipts.
The toss receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for the fiscal year ended June
•!0 were $1,002,470. as against $920,337 for the
year 1897-98. It is the first time in the
history of the office that the million dollar
mark has been reached. The late war
with Snain the presence of thousands or
American soldiers in the Philippines and
the Keneral industrial bnnrovenw'nt In
the country are given as the reasons for
the increase. _
The Howard Bankruptcy.
The petition of the Sorosi* Fruit Com
pany of Santa Clara County asaiiist C.
B Bills. ;ih trustee of the bankrupt es
tate of B B Howard, was denied yester
,V.\ in the Tnlted States Circuit Court
ond the restraining order was vacated on
the ground that the- court had no juris
diction.
Fruit Sales in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— Earl Fruit Company's
ales of ' California fruit: Early Crawford
Teaches, 65@75c, average 70c box; Elberta.
average 70c; Susquehana, average 75c;_Bartlett
Pears $1 8401 9" box; Columbia Plums," 85c sin
gle crates; Hungarian, average *1 55; Italian,
B0c" Silver, 91c. ,
' porter Bros, Company 9 sales: Pears—Bart
letts ?1'"-' 20 box and 75(CS0c half-box; Duech
eni '$1 ':■"'.• 130 box. Peaches— Suaquehana, 65®
75c' box* Fosters 65c. box; Susquehanna, 60070 c;
Late Crawfords, 4C@soc; Early Crawfords. 25®
SiV- Klberta 75c; Mary's Choice, 85©70 c; Muirs.
lioc : Clingstone, BOe. Plums— Kelseyg. 60c(&"$l 05
orate 70c@$l 40 box; Yellow En. ROc; Purple
Duan'es $105 crate. Grapes— Tokays, 12©2 23
'rate- 'Muscats, ?l.V;lir, crate. Prunes —
Oros ' ; i'" 1 -■"■ crate: Fallenberjr, $1 «©] 50; Ital
ians. $1 23@1 50. Sixteen cars were sold.
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph H. Flsson (owner) with Charles M.
|)!.,,o\v (contractor), architect T. Patterson
Ross —All work for a two-story attic find base
ment residence on W line of Buchanan street.
t;:s 8 of Washington, W 103, S 50. — 105, N 50;
In.i G. OushiriK (wife of O. X.) (owner), with
McLeoil & liaughman (contractors), architect
\v .1 Cuthbertson.— Carpenter and brick work,
drains, mantels, tin work, glass work and plas
tering for a two-story frame building on W
line of Seventh nve, 325 N of Lake street. N
50 by W 114: ?2C(i3 50.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued From Page 8. •
ARRIVED.
Monday. August 14.
Stmr Bonlta. IClcolson, SO hours from New
port and. way ports. ,
Stmr Sunol, Liebig, 74 hours from Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Queens. Thomas, 60 hours from Seattle.
MISCELLANEOUS. ;
LONDON, Aug 14— Br ship Macduff, from Cal
cutta for Astoria, has been reinsured at 50
per cent.
. HONOLULU. July Schr La Ninfa. while
making port grounded on Barbers Point and be
came & wreck. Cargo of 3000 sacks paddy saved
in damaged condition.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 14. 10 p Weather
hazy; wind >;\V; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
ST MICHAEL— July 18— U S stmr C
I' Patterson, from cruise; schr Nellie Co'.eman.
from Seattle. July 19— Stmr Alaska Union, fm
Kctukuk. July 20— Stmr Jeanle. hence July 2.
July 22— Schr Barbara Hernster. hence July 3.
July 23— Srmr Susie, 5 days from Dawson,
Sailed July 21— Whaling stmr Alexander,
whaling cruise; stmr Arnold and barge Otter
in tow. for Dawson. July 22— Stmr Margaret,
for Ea_le City. July Stmr Jeanle, for
Seattle.
To sail July 25— Whaling stmr Fearless, on
cruise.
In port July Bark Oregon, to sail in about
two weeks; bark Agate: bktn Catherine Sud
den; \vhfilin_ stmr Fearless; U S stmr C P
Patterson; U S stmr Richard Rush; U S stmr
Nunivak; rev stmr Quickstep: schr Sal vat or;
schr Carrier Dove; Bchr A M Baxter; schr Nel
lie Co>eman; schr Barbara Hernster.
. TACOMA— Arrived Aug 14— Bark Lev! G Bur
gess, hence July. 26; schr Muriel, from Port
Blakeloy; schr Comet, from San Pedro.
. COOS BAY— Sailed July 13— Schr James A
Garfield. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug -Schr Monterey, hence Aug 11.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Au_ 12— Schr
Emma Utter, from Port Harford. Aug 13—
Stmr Grace Dollar, hence July 1".
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Pomona,
hence Au_ 12; stmr Brunswick, from Astoria;
schr Lizzie Vance, from San Diego; stmr San
Pedro, hence Au_ 12.
Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco. .
MENDOCINO— Arrived Aug 14— Schr Alice
Kimball. hence Au_ 10.
SAN PEDRO— Aug 11— Bktn Retriever,
for Port Hadlock.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aus 14— Schr Ethel
Z-in^. from St Michael; schr Spokane, from
Port Townfcnd; schr J M Colman, from Port
Clarence.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Auk IS— Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aup 13— Stmr Chas Nelson,
for St Michael ; brig Blakeley, for .
Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Townsend. from Cape
Nome.
San DlEGO— Arrived Auk 13-Stmr National
Cits', fro.m Eureka.
Balled Aug 14— Btmr National City, for .
FORT BRACK-— Arrived Auk 14— Stmr Noyo,
hence Auir 13.
Sailed Aug 14— Etmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Aus 14-Stmr Alca
zar, for San Francisco.
DUTCH HARBOR Arrived Auk 3-Stmr Del
Nf>rte. hence July 22.
Sailed Anc 3-Stmr Portland, for St Michael.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CHEMAIxrs— Bailed Au_ B— Br bark Na
nalmo, «f«r Nagasaki.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug 12— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, for San Francisco. ■..-
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Aug 13— Jap stTnr
America Maru, hence July 26.
1111.' i Arrived July 27— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu, hence July 15.
Sailed July 27— Bark Amy Turner, for San
Francisco. -V/
KAHULUI— SaiIed July 26— Schr Allen A, for
San Francisco; schr O M Kellogg, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Ausr 3— Brig Lurllne, hence July 19.
KlHEl— Arrived July 2S— Bktn Ruth, hence
July 9
Sailed Aug 6— Bktn Ruth, for Kahului.
MA IIUKONA— Arrived Aug 3— Brig ConsnelO,
Hence July H.
KAlLUA— Arrived Aug 7— Schr Bertie Minor,
from Eureka. - • i"
HONOLULU— Arrived July 30— Schr Otttllle
Fjord, from Eureka. Aug I— Schr Alice Cocike,
from Port Townsend. Aug 3— Stmr Newport,
hence July 27: Haw bark Mauna Ala, hence
July 19; bark Harvester, from Newcastle, NSW;
stmr Ohio, hence July 27. Auk s— Stmr Colum
bia, from Hongkong. Aug 6— Brig W 0 Irwln.
hence July 22; ship' Emily F Whitney, from
Now York; bktn Skagit. from Port Townsend.
; Aug 7— Haw ship Fort George, hence July 22;
bktn Irmirard, hence July 23. Aug Stmr
China, from Yokohama.'
Sailed Aug I— Ship Gen Curtis, for San Fran
cisco. July 2?— Bktn KHkitat. for Port Town
send Au_ 2 — Jap stmr America Maru.
for China. Aug 4— Br ship Amphitrite, for
Astoria; schr Honoiou, for San Francisco;
stmrs Newport and Ohio, for Manila. Aug 6—
Bark C D Bryant, for San Francisco; pen- F s
Redfield, stmr Columbia, for Oregon; Ger bark (
H Hackfeld, for San Francisco. Aug B— Haw
ship Euterpe, for Port Townsend; stmr Aus
tralia, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived Auk Stmr Koenlgen
Louise from New York, via Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Aug 14— Stmr Etruria,
from New York.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 14— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacorna.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Tauric.
from Liverpool; Btmr Furnesslf-, from Glasgow;
stmr Phoenicia, from Hamburg.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived Auk Cttnr Clu
den. from New York.
RAH/ROAD TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
rAIYIUUo
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
— to—
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE.
A. G. P. A., : A. a P. A.,
6t. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE' TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRT AT 5:30 P. 41.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HAKVEt. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO' OTHER LINE TTFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE.- 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153L
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing 'SUNDAY. April 23. 1891).
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same ■ Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:SO
and 4. p. m.
Tare 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
i THOS. COOK & SON. AeU.. 621 Market at.
RAILROAD TRAVSIi.
koi'tiii:kn PA(»'lf COMPANY.
(rACIFIO HYHTEJf.) -
Train* Irnvc «ixl arc club in »rrlv« at'
HAH n:AK«i«!o.
(Main Lino, Foot of Uarkftt Street.)
leave — . fBQM AUOI'ST 3. 1539. — ai-.eiv
7:OOa Bcuicia, Suisun and Sacramento. ... 3: »5p
7:01>.v Marjsville, Oro^.l-r-ud lieddjug «a _
Woodland ■• S!__S
7iOOa Elm-Ira, YacariUe and Rtrascy ..... 8:jOp
Martinez, SaaU.imon.Vallejo, Napa,
CaUstoganml ßanta 11c5a.... C : j?
" B:<>Oa Atlantic Kxprasß, UgOeli Slid KjuA.. «:ia*
■ i»::t»A Han Jose. • Livenao-D. HtocUton.
lone, Socramcato. Placer.-
. Marysiilto. Chico, lte.l i:iuir I : 'i* p
B»»*A"Mnt«i,O_k__loan(l Konara 4:i»p
_:-Oa Yoatmite Valley via Oafcdalo and
Chineso .i : ]- T
O:OOa Eteywnrus, Nika and Way Stations. I 3 : *<>a.
U:»Ua Mnrtincz, Tracy, Latlircp, Stockton,
Merced anO-'rcsno 12:15p
Oi«Oa Freaiio, UakersdeUl Botitii llarliara,
Loa Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East orlop
10:00a Vallejo, Martinez and Way .Stations ***»
1 1:OOa Bsrwards, Kilesas4 Woy fititicna. 2:l^p
IS:OUa >'ilcs, Liveru'.ore, Stockton, H.-icra-
menio, Mcndota, lltnforU, Viaalia,
PcrterTillo _:•»*
•I:OOp Sacramento lU»er Steamers •*:««>?
a:OOr Haywards, Hik« and Way Stations. 6:*Sp
_!«i»i- Martinez, San IfausOn, Valloju, .
Hapa, Uatr_>o_a, Santa Ran 8- 13*
_iOOi- Bcnicia, \_caville, Sucnitucnto,
Wootltaod, Kiiij.hts LanfUiig,
Marrsvilic, Orovlllo IO:I!>a
4t3')p Miles. .lodaand Stockton 7:J5p
<l:SOp Yoseniita Sleeping Car for Raymoud JS:l3p
O:OOrTl:o Owl Tracy, Fresno. l>a!;crs-
nc!d, SaugU3 lor Santa Barbara,
Les A::gvi ;s i»:1.1\
S:3op Stockton. Merced, I'rosno 12:i3p
S:3Op Marlincz, Tr.cy. Mamlcta, Fresno.
. Mojavo Rial Lira A ueclui 8:13a
B:3Op .Saut.i, I'd llouto. Atlantic Kxprcss
for Mojnre Riid Kail 6:15p
■:oOr Cbicnco-San Franci»ooBpeo__.Oyl«ii
and I : i.t Si.tOp
6:00p Ilaytvards, and San Joso 7:_->\
•OtOUi- Vallejo 12:lBp
J7:OOp Vail- jo. Port Cost, and Way Sta-
tions- J9:33p
8:03r On-K<<;i i:«iircs3.!Jucr.iiiiciito. Marys-
lillc ICetlUinc, IVitland. t'ltget
Hound ami Past «:13a,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jaugc).
(Foot cf Market Street.) •_£
17:43a Banta Crtu Excursion tot Santa
Cra and Principal Way Btatioa» JB:osp
B!l3ANc\vark,Centervtlle..Sa.nJoBOiFcl!on,
Boulder Crcck.SautaCruzßad Way
Stations Bi3or
*3ilop Newark, Centcrville, San Jam New
■ "* .. Almadon, Felton, Boulder Creek;
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10:3©4
4tl3p San Jo£o, Ulouwood and Way Sta-
tiona 9:20a
Mil Op Felton, Santa Cruz and Way £t_-
tionf /OigQA,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i FrosaSiN MiKCISCO— Feet of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:00 11.-00a.31. 11:03 *2:03 t3:C3
•i:CO t5:00 ♦C:C3p.m.
' frfmOAKLIND— Foot ofßro*4*a;.— "6:oo 8:00 30:00a. M.
t!2:C3 '1:00 tH:C3 *3:00 ti:o3 •3:Q3i-.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad <»angc).
(Third and TownsenJ St?.) <
• 0:1Oa Ocean View, South ban Franclwo.. *O:3Op
■"7:00a San .Ir.rc si- d Wi:y Stations (New
Almadcn Weilneadayaonly) *8:O0A
17:30a Sunday F.xcursion for Santa Cruz,
Pr.ciuo Grovo and l"ri_cipil Way
Stations JS:33p
•tOOA Ban .loso, Tras Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove; Pnso Itoblcs, San
- l.iiia <)l>isi>o, Surf, Lompoc and
rrliicin;il Way Statinus 4:lOp
go: km ftau .lose uml Way Stations «:3.-Ja
lIiSOa San ,l.>so and Way Stations l»3Op
•_:-15rSa!> Matso, lU;d;7ooil, Mcnlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, (Sim .lose.
Hollister, Santa Crux. Salinas.
Monterey ami I'acitto Grove *lO:_6a
•8i::»p BaaJoae, Santa Cruz, PaciP.3 Grove
and Princii'nl Wny Stations *7:SO_
• _*lßr San Joso and' Principal Way Stations O:15a
«5:00p San Jose end Principal Way St.it •Bs33a •
S>3or San Principal Way Stations *o:<>o\
6:::<»i- Ban Josoaud Wny Stations B:KOp
<ll:l.->i- .San .lor;- i-.n.l Way Stations t7::tO.
A for Moniins- P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepteil. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
f(Saturday and Sunday /.Sunday and Monday.
CAIIFGBNIA NOBTfiT/ESTERN £Y. COL
LESSEE
$M FBANGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburou Ferry, Foot of Market Sfc
BAN FKANCISCO .TO SAN RAFAEL. |
WEEK DAYS— 7:^O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:38,1
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thun :ays — trl;»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:5»
and 11:30 p. m. . . -
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:S«t
6:00, 6:2-} p. in.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 1:50. 3:20, 11:10 a. m.; I2:«.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:08,;
6.15 p. m. ' i
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
tame acnedule as above. :
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect I 6cji Francisco. ,
. April 1«, I -»— - -i
I Week Sun- 1»3». I S-n- Week
I Days. days. Destination. ' cays.. Day*. '
f am' S:OC am Novato, 13:40 am 8:40 ana
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petalunia. [6:03 pm 10:25 tun.
(:10 pm 5:00 put Santa Buaa. 7:35 pm 5:23 gat,
v i Fuiton.
TtW&m Windsor. 10:25 as»
Heald-bnn. ; » ■
Lytton,
Geyservilie, :i
1:80 jm 8:00 am Cloverdalc, 7:55 pm 6:20 prat
i 7:30 am I Hop:and and ! 10:25 an*
I 8:30 pm 8:00 am Pltlah. j 7:35 pmj 6:23 pia
! >:3-am 10:25 aia
8:00 am] Guerneville. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pa*
! 7:30 am S:00 am' Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an*
I and
; 1:10 pm 5:00 p_i Glen Ellen. ' 6:05 ?m GlO pn»
! 7:80 am 8:00 am BebastopoL 10:40 am 118:15 ara
I 1:20 pm 5:00 pm! i 7:35 pmi 6:2U pn»
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlngrs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyaerville for Ska^_a
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-i
land tor Duncan Sprlnjra. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Eay, Lak»-
port and Eartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel,
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.-
Bucknell's, Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle.'
I Boonevllle, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs.
: Navarro, Whiteaboro. Albion. Little River.
O-r'a Kot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brag?.
Wcstport. Usal, Mitts. Laytonville, C_m->
mlng"». Pell's Springs, Harris. Olsen"s, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to 'Monday . round trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
On Sundays ronnd trip tickets to all point*
I beyond San Rafael at half rates. J
Ticket Offices 650 Market St., Chronicle bldf^
' H C WHITING. R. X. RTAV. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. A_en_.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commenclrir April 23, Us*
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:CO. 9:30. 11:01 a. «. :
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. *G:00, 8:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »9:00 •10:C0. 11:00. 11:30 a.
I m. • 1:00. *l:4i. »2:30. •4":00, 6:30. 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San K.ifl Sunday..
| 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vul'y Sundays,
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40. 7:53. 8:40. *10::»
, a m. 12:30, 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-':*. -S:00. '9:45. *W^. *":«
a. m. 1:00. 2:10. »3:30. *5:15. '6:00. «:CO, 10:15
' P "Trains marked (•) run to San Quantln.
1 FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 1:30, 7.5:.. %'Jt, 10:3*
a. m. : 13:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:?0 p. IT.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:05.
! 1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. fi:3o. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week — Cazadero and way sta'ns,
I 8:20 p. m. Saturday*— Casadero and way sta'ns.
i 5:13 p. m. *ve*k days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8-00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes «nd way eta ns.
— ■ — — ' ' ~ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY. COMPANY.
. From Jan. 23, 1599, trains will run as follow:
South -bound. " North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
pally. Exc' ptdt Exc'ptd Dally.
7:10 am 10:30 am Stockton • I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
j 9:10 am 2:C5 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
I 10:40 am 5:35 pni Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11-3S am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am l .4 . pm
■ 2-2.-, pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am.
11-59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 i.ml 6:53 pml Tula re 5:50 am 1:0a pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of staKe and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 3.1 Market St..
San Francisco. ______ m^
_« __*J__7*___ **.-•». D *"3 *la » non-poi30Boo«
*i ? !SK*3"*^^l£*sS remedy for Gonorrhea,
_fIB_PvCHEB^S§a Gleet, Spormatorrhosa,
1 «ajffil' in lto 5 days- y &. Whiten, unnatural ;is«
JtrSEw GcarantMd <jg charges, or any i!ll!'ir-:na-
SfV>ij not to stricture. tiou, irritation or uioor*-
pfc^BPrsTenu eo-taglon. tion of "1 neons i_cr_«
i fSSVK:EYANSCHt!!I<!»LCo. brun '" ; ' Noa-aotringent.
ISfI^CINOINNATI.O -HSI Sold &y I>rss)KriBts,-
-1 attfafk i; "■ a _^_*.^f or sen ' i.. _i_i:i wrapper,
J?Cst^*S^'"' __&__ tj / express, prepaid, fat
•<CC3E_______^ 9 >i.OO, or ■' bottles, »2.76.
i . V^lSBBatrV' ■ Circiuar siKit va i«j_iifc
1112
GREEN TELLS A TALE OF
MURDER AND MYSTERY
Brands "Plunger" Hill the Swin
dler of the Century,
In Three Warrants the Australian Is
Charged With Felonies That in Two
Years Profited Him $150,000.
AUGUSTUS HOWARD, th« "Australian Plunger," is no longer
a mystery. He is an escaped convict from Sydney, whose
real name is Charles 3>oyle, a forger and a fugitive from justice.
Chief of Police Lees and W> E. Green, the Denver millionaire. How
ard's erstwhile partner, brand him as a would-be murderer, with
Green as the intended victim. Warrants for his arrest for swind
ling Green out of $150,000 have been In the possession of the
police since Saturday, but were being: held up pending the arrival
of the next steamer from Australia, which is due here on th«
27th of this month with requisition papers for Howard from the
Australian authorities. Howard got wind of his intended arrest and
is supposed to be on his way to Mexico, if he is not already
there.
/TV HE halo of mystery that has en-
THE ba3o character of Augustus
veJoped the character of Augustus
I Ho-ward, otherwise known vs 1
-*■ "PJung«r~ Hill, but -whose true
name- is Charles Doyle has been
lifted aside sufficiently to reveal a state
of affairs more remarkable than any fic
tion of the fervid Imagination of Oonan
Doyl« at his best.
Three -warrants charging Hovrarl or
I>oyle -vdth embezi!ement have been In the
■hands of th« police since Saturday, and |
"but ff»T premature disclosures one of the j
greatest pieces of detective -work aver 1
CHARLES DOYLE, ALIAS HOWARD, ALIAS "PLUNGER" HILL
undertaken on the coast would have been
consummated in a very few days.
Extradition papers for Howard are ex
pected on the next steamer to arrive from
Australia, which is due on the 27th of this
month, but with the warning he received
Howard is probably making extraordinary
efforts to get out of reach of Chief Le^a'
detectives. So far from ordering Green
to "shake down" Howard, Chief Lees has
been patiently preparing a grand coup
■which was to culminate In landing How
ard behind the bars with the net of evi
dence enveloping him so thoroughly that
escape would be impossible.
Grand larceny, obtaining money by false
pretense, felony embezzlement — these are
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~JG< <""\ * Napoleon, at
tsfi/3^£3U- — -sL^- Q sa '^ to Antono-
JiV r\ Napoleon, at
!■-. GS| St. Helen?..
!^*O~_^ r: v> Paid to Antono-
W~>& SSVf&nBT-'HaTh,, his
~*^T I ! Mjk_jV") '"' physician, "Be-
/•■v^-i i-X. ' wftV-JJLI' ~ " eve nie we
-ijj.",. *&MJr ,~; had better
j -*-^— - ■:!_ W^?W S " leave off all
f£h^4 1 } i'W^ii'-'" these remedies;
;*^ •*tJU5J'''V^ v «? life is a fortress
•w «!!l''i^T_*t wWch neither
"»! '■•'■ Jj) ■•■\ m you nor I know
" anything about.
Why throw obstacles in the way of its de-
fence ? Its own means are superior to all
the apparatus of your laboratories. Medi-
cine is a collection of uncertain prescrip-
■ lions, the results of which, taken collect-
ively, have been harmful to mankind
Water, air and cleanliness arc my chief
medicines. M
At the time when Napoleon said this hr
was largely right. Physicians in those day?
dealt out obnoxious and drastic drugs.
' that did violence to every fiber in the body.
Since that date medical science has made
wonderful strides. Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery is a medicine composed
of native medicinal roots that do no vio-
lence to nature. Its action is gentle and
natural. It simply promotes the natural
processes of secretion and excretion. It
restores the lost appetite, corrects all dis-
orders of the digestion, makes the assimi-
lation of the food perfect, invigorates the
liver, purifies and enriches the blood,
builds new and healthy flesh tissue, tones
the nerves and gives sweet and refreshing
sleep. It is the great blood-maker and
flesh-builder. It cures 98 per cent, of all
cases of all diseases of the air passages that
lead up to consumption. It is a wonderful
medicine for all diseases due to insufficient
or improper nourishment of body or nerves.
Do not deal with unscrupulous dealers who
uree you to take worthless substitutes for
the sake of a few pennies added profit. .
•• t have been using Dr. Pierce's Golden Met!
> a l iMscoverv and 'Pleasant Pellets' tor the
1W . three vears and they have saved my life."
past three Mrs Sophia Frazer, of Oakdalc.
""ihSco Va "I now keep the ■ Pellets ;
Kockbndgeco.. va. and £ them v
? m .y ErfThe need of a laxative. I am fifty-
t,me vSri old ° c | was troubled with liver com-
pffi^ntTl I u^d your medicine. Now I am
"'i- Irxr sick man or woman should send
Kvery sick n0r to Dr; R . V . Pierce,
21 -£T ' C v v £ pay the cost of mailing
' BU i ffa for afree copy of Dr. Pierce ' s great
• only f° r a "Snioß i Sen»e Medical Adviser;
i?5 P 8 umps for a heavy cloth-bound copy.
the barges upon which the warrants are
based. The first of the complaints, all of
which nr» sworn to by Mr. (irei-n. is built
upon a charge of grand larceny. It states
that on or about the Ist day of November,
IS9R, one Charles Doyle, alias Mason, alias
Bowyer, alias Godfrey, alias Simms, alias
Osgood. alia.- Lee, alias AugUStU* How
ard, did feloniously ■ take and carry away
and convert to his own use money In the
sum of (166,000, the personal property of
WlUard Reed Green.
The second set? forth that on or about
the same date Charles Doyle and his nu
merous aliases did by false pretense se
cure to his own use and purpose the sum
I of 1150,000. also the property of Green.
The complaint recites that on November
1 Doyle, or Howard, represented to Green
: that he was the owner of and had power
to sell a certain mine ledge known as
Gray's shale beds, situated in New South
Wales, Australia, running: from Lapstone
i Hill across Govetts Leap to the head of
I Bathurst Plains, and approximately 137
miles in length, and sixty odd miles wide,
and that he could deliver a good and suffi
cient title.
That upon this showing Green advanced
the money to make the purchase, but upon
further investigation found that Howard
was not nor ever had been the owner of
the property. The third complaint dates
back to October 1, 1897, a year and a
month prior to the first two charges. The
crime alleged Is the felony embezzlement
of the sum of $13,000 by Howard whilo
acting as agent for Green. . .
Chief Lees had cabled to Australia to
have extradition papers for Howard for
warded, and he was expecting these on
the next steamer. Until that time he en
deavored to keep the fact of his contem
plated arrest of Howard a secret. A |
hint dropped, however, spoiled his plan,
and Howard Is now believed to be on his
way to Mexico via Stockton. That he will
be ultimately captured, however, seems
to be a certainty.
So far from "shaking down" Howard in
the interest of Mr. Green, the Chief has
Pimply been holding off for the opportune
moment. Mr. Green has recovered $58,000
from Howard, but the police had no part
In forcing the latter to disgorge.
In the rooms of. Mr. Green's attorney,
E. S. Plllsbury, in the Palace Hotel last
night, the former made a statement of
his dealings, with Howard which was sup
plemented by another from the lips of
Chief Lees, who accuses Howard of be
in* not only an embezzler and a thief,
but a would-be murderer. Detective Torn
Gibson and Officer Ellis were also, present.
Mr. Pillsbury made the following brief
preliminary statement:
, Mr. Green came here In September, 1597, on
other business and met Howard, who repre
sented hlir.vlf to be a Cnr>tain in the English
j navy, but that Tie had l.^n severely wounded
: at the bombardment of Alexandria and was on
leave on that account. Soon after they 'met
Howard appeared dresser] in the uniform of I
a British -naval officer and wearing: numerous
decorations claimed to have been received for
meritorious conduct. Howard then opened up
a new plan for making pas from borax, shale,
lime. etc."; claiming that by this process pas.
could be made for a very low price. Howard
got Green interested and informed him that
l'» also had a secret process for making; this
Eas, and also told him that he was the in
ventor of a ft earn engine which could be
operated at a great saving for utilizing: com
bustion of fuel. Mr. Green Interested himself
in Howard and these matters. After this things
wont on for a While, Howard representing to
Mr. Green that In order to successfully manu
facture the ira? it was desirable to have a
chale bed In Australia which his. brother
owned: that this shale was the best In the
world for the manufacture of this can, and
j If Mr. Green would, advance the money he
(Howard) would go to Australia and negotiate
for the purchase of the same. Howard showed
Green a number of cables from his sister
whose name, he said, was Agnes Faul, tending
to show that his brother owned these lands*.
Mr Green then advanced $13,000 for the pur
pose of making the purchase.
Mr. Green then dictated the following:
He arrived in Australia about the end of No
vember. 1897. He cabled that he had located
hi» brother who owned the land, and that he
was willing to sell it. but demanded an in
creased price, which was £25,000, and requested
my assent to the purchase at that price. I
stated that the price wa**too high, and ad
vised dropping the matter, and suggested that
we wait a while, as the land could probably
be purchased more advantageously later.
Shortly after this I received several cables '
from him on other matters. Finally I received
a cable stating; he had purchased the land for
£80,000 ($150,000). and had borrowed additional
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, ISO 9.
AMBUSHED AND MURDERED
NEAR COLMA WHITE HOUSE
-♦•■■^-♦-■fi- ♦ ♦ •♦;■♦;♦•♦•♦•■
WITH bis head resting? on the
whlffletree of his wagon and
his feet on a level with the
seat, the body of Joseph .T. Im- '
sand, plugged with buckshot,
■was found early yesterday morning h •
few hundred yards from the White
House, Colma. That a brutal murder
was committed there can be no doubt,
and the authorities have fastened their
suspicions upon a colored family by '
the name of Mitchell, who are the
neighbors of Imsand and who have ■
quarreled from time to time with the ,
deceased. ,
Imsand was a hog rancher, owning
less than an acre of land along the
creek which runs to the west of Col- '
ma, and about a half-mile distant from '
the county road. Directly above his •
place is the home of the Mitchells,
whose bellicose tendencies have pro
voked more than one quarrel in Col
ma, and whose threats have terrified
the entire community in and about
that little town. Several months ago
a dispute arose between Imsand nd
"William Mitchell Jr. over the boundary
line which separates their respective
hog ranches. The pistol was resorted
to, and Mitchell now wears the marks
of- combat in the shape of a scar on
Ills left cheek. Since that time the
feud has steadily grown more bitter,
and the belief of the residents for miles
around is that yesterday's murder was
its culminating episode.
Not many weeks ago the entire Im
sand family was poisoned by drinking
water from the creek, which flows
through the land of the Mitchells to
the Imsand ranch. It was only by the
timely aid of a physician that their
lives were saved. This crime the Im
sands declare to have been perpetrated
by the negro family. The present Mrs.
Mitchell is a white woman, and she
has made herself a veritable harpy
to the entire neighborhood, threatening
all who have crossed her ways with
utter extermination.
Imsand left his home about 3:30
o'clock yesterday morning, bound for
San Francisco, where he was to gather
swill for his hogs. The trail of his
wagon's wheels can be followed to the
corner of First avenue and Market
street, where the murder was undoubt
edly committed. Slight wounds from
a few buckshot tore the flesh on the
right side of his face, but the mortal
blow was dealt after this. Three shots "
which went through his left shoulder
and lodged in his lungs are what
caused death. vii
Two distinct shots were fired ac
cording to the testimony of many peo-
illllll
%L notary in accordance with the Torrens
mmmm
dence of his statements.
xhP survey papers and other data fa led to
P °On e Novembers w"e bailed on the Marlposa.
rm»,ri°™a Honolulu Howard was taken
nT W^ arrived there early in the morning and
in" t£ VKSJ-^STSfnSSfSS& « £
the steamer beli ££* he ™l gM^
M -ny vHh othPrT searched in many places,
comi.an> with otr.er Howard in a doctoi s
Illicit
Australia for some » «», We dl d return
returning to h , a l n ,^. ," st W eek In November,
on the Coptic n the last ** eK steamer for
He kept Pronging to take ge^n^^,^,
A n U H ra Tanua?y when he announced that Ws
until Jan ,*t r> * ... ' nri the next steamer. Phe
S' S ; er f W ,?nme "mi I "hen told him I was poing
,Id A^tralTa on he next steamer whether he
to Australia on told me his sister wag pr<?Sß .
nnd certain unpa a porw indirect ways
paid him . *10o°00 by c
Hank. He ™,, away with him. refusing to
wagon to cart it away he d|v|dw|
v» kC and ny pS m ?ar\ous.safe deposit vaults.
On Bvdney Howard was to accompany
r a«l.t^ turning over the lands, but
h ™'?f "Lee^ 0 ' (lnterrupting)-He got a tace-
Ch ♦ t ?nd eot out a flimsy warrant and
hfl a d C it served on him at the dock to have an
excuse '°TJ^J3 i l sv_-l arrived at. Sydney on
» I?* 1 ?* -C "d inquired for Mrs. A K ne 8 Faul.
h"u S e O a Picture of Howard In the uniform of
h £ ?.. \ naval officer. She acknowledged that
a Britlnh « «er 'broths. I inquired of. her
H HMher The had communications from him by
r^r or cable She stated she had received
nothing and knew nothing about any lands.
2£! had not loaned him money for Home years
Sh % '? »iv large amount. She had never
? n *^n^d com tie to America and had not been
ntended oomine i g T mad(? th , g
in New a a la " Cl of Howard's having exhibits
letters purporting to have been sent by .er
V ! lU n V"e a sear?" o 8 ! "the records as to the exist
-1 made a • arc^ d nnd learned Howard did
«" n y lands of this or any other, kind in
th«t district nor did any of the other persona
! ha ,rt named as contributing the chain of
Tnie'have" a™y inu-r,st in said lands; that his
i. t>hwn« wa« fraudulent.
"!'l ! ,r,n w'r-turn to San Francisco by the
• J^r MariroFa June 2 last. I saw Howard—
?h«t .1" evenin^an.l stated to him the re
that of my investigations in Australia I told
MnTthftt I had found the lands and his repre
sentations concerning the title to them to be
fraudulent and false."
PiilKhurv— Pid he deny It?
rreen -We did not go Into details. He didn't
*«v the«e statements of mine and admitted the
fncts to be as I stated them. He said he would
make It all right-make restitution for the
moneys he had received. In compliance with
Jh«e promises he paid me within a few days
nt that time the sum of $6000 cash and prom
ised to make another payment of $20,000 within
ten days following. At the end of that time
he did not make the payment and, as I was
obliged to depart for the East on other busi
ness I left the matter unsettled in the form
of a promise from him to make other pay
ments by sending the money to me In Denver.
He • did not make any further payments. I
pie who heard the reports. Some say
they followed In rapid succession;
others declare that there was a no
ticeable lapse of time between the re
ports. On the ground near First ave
nue Sheriff Mansfield found a shot
gun cartridge that -bore evidences of
recent use and a freshly charred cart
ridge wad. The wagon with the body
was discovered a block away jammed
up against a tree and fence on Second
avenue, one block nearer Imsand's
home and in the opposite direction
from his course of travel. Whether
Imsand turned when first shot and
drove backward, being caught again
by the murderer when he reached Sec
ond avenue, or whether both phots
were fired Invquick 'succession arid the
horse of his own accord attempted to
return home Is a matter over which
the police are now conjecturing.'
Sheriff Mansfield, as soon as he
heard of the murder, drove to the
scene and made a hasty Investigation.
He went to the Mitchell ranch for the
purpose of arresting the entire family.
William Mitchell was not at home, but
Dave and William Jr. were on the .
premises and they were apprehended
and lodged in the Colma jail, from
which they were afterward removed to
Redwood City. At a late hour in the
evening the search for the senior
Mitchell was. still continuing. His wife
said that he had gone to San Fran
cisco to attend to some business af
fairs.
Imsand bore a good reputation in
Colma and was known as a peaceable
rancher who worked from morning to
night without disturbing his neigh
bors. He was married and had rive
children, all of whom are far below
the age of self-pupport. Mrs. Imsand
said yesterday that she noticed un
-+-&-• - <$>-+~<s>-*-f-*~<s-+- #-♦"*-•-#-♦-♦
I returned to San Francisco about July 25 and
I saw him the same day. He then paid that he
, would make further payments in a few days;
that he had business pending with other peo
ple from which he would realize large sums
of money and that he would shortly make me
some payments.
PMsbury..Will you please make a statement.
Mr. Green, about any attack that Mr. How
i ard made upon you personally?
Green— L'pon my return to San Francisco 1
i was Informed by various people that, during
j my abseme in Australia, Howard had been
1 to them and made varirius statements, the oh
: ject of which eeemed to be to have them re
p»-Ht»»d to me and the purport of which WM
that I was about to return to America: that I
would be In a great state of indignation, us
I would not have found the lands as he haJ
represented, and that, in all probability, I
would be in for a fight; that he was ready for
a fight and, l<i fact, desired one; that he had
armed hlmseir with all sorts of weapons
against me, and that he had manufactured flc
! ti'tious evidence against me. which he pro
p.B<«'l to use if I made any attempts to prose-
I cute him. • ,
PiUstmry— You learned after you came bad:
from Denver that he had hired men to make
away with you on your way to Australia.
Plltgbury— Didn't you learn that the night be
fore you left he was down here in the court
yard of the Palace with two men in a hack
to whom he paid $0000 apiece to do you up on
| the dock?
Green— That was arranged the night of th?
! calling of the steamer Alameda, the Ed of
July last I was to be murdered on the dock.
The steamer should have sailed at 10 o'clock on
the evening of that day. but owing to the n.m
arrlval of the English mail she postponed her
! departure until the early hours of the following
morning, lmring this time I was on the dock.
I talked with Howard, expecting him to com
plete his preparations to sail by that boat.
i Earlier In the evening, Howard, as I have since
learned had people at his house, where I was
in the evening, and at-the Palace Hotel later
in the night, for the purpose of seeing and
! identifying me. These people were to meet
and murder me. To these people he had paid
fBWO apiece and they were to receive afterward,
or did receive, the balance of $2i},000 for raur
; lierlng me. aa Howard supposed, between here
' and Honolulu.
t'pon returning- to America end talking
! with Howard and taxing him with his decep-
I tlons and frauds upon me. he stated that he
hoped there would be no trouble over it. He
j »aid that if any attempts were made to cause
him trouble or to take proceedings against him
ho wanted me to understand that he was per
fectly well oetablished here and. in his own
language, "waa set up to meet anything that
1 could be brought against him." This meant
that he was under the protection of officers of
the law both the police and the courts; and
that he had detective* R"d others in his pay
ar.d thnt th^re were various public officials and
politicians upon whom he could rely for pro
tection and immunity: ami that nothing could
tie dene here to his Injury: also that he had in
fluence with some of the newspapers and that
If I started anything against him I would be
j besmirched in every direction.
I also, after my return to Pan Francisco,
I heard that Howanfl lia'l made iirrangements
| upon several occasions to have me murdered;
! and that he had particularly made such ar
i rangements to have me put out of the way,
both on the evening of my departure for Aos
-1 tralia in March and also while en route on
board the Alameda.
Detective Gibson— Howard got nne of Kelly's
| hacks driven by John Fltzpatrick nnd one of
the Kelly boys on the seat, and they started
1 down to the Pala.-e H<tel. First they went to
I a certain bank on Market street and took $20.
--000 out of a nafa deposit box. They then drove
to the courtyard of the Palace Hotel and had
these men in the hack to throw Green over
board. When they got into th>> courtyard of
the Palace the blinds were drawn down on
the hack windows This man Kelly had taken
the t^.OOO previously into a saloon and handed
Howard $5000 of It. After waiting around
there several hours the hack was driven down
to the Alameda wharf. When they got down
there a mar. named Ed Coffman. a witness In
the Foster case stepped up to Howard and
told him he had a warrant for his arrest in
the Foster case; this warrant was "phony."
i Howard made the excuse to Green that he had
to go away. He went to the hack and handed
these men !n the hack $5000. There was some
dispute over the money. It seems that the
men in the hack were to receive $20,000.
Detective Gibson's story was to the ef
fect that the warrant for Howard was an
excuse for him not to sail on the Ala- !
meda with Green, who, he afterward told i
George Adams, had put up a plot with a
man named Mitchell to murder him on
Joseph Imsand Perforated
With Shot.
usual s'.ktis of activity In the Mitchell
house early in the morning. Bhe says
thai it was an unusual thing for the
Mit.h.Hs to rise before ''• in the morn
ing, but yesterday the entire house
hold waa up and out at ■".. The absence
of Mitchell senior has a suspicious
color and Sheriff Mansfield is hot on
tli»> search f<>r the old man.
Tno Mitchell menage and Imsand
have !>►(•:) at war for three years. Last
April a genuine battle with guns was
fought out over tli^ boundary line be
tween their ranches. Latterly the
courts have been called to decide a
property contention In which the two
were concerned and Imsand won the
case. Since that episode of the feud
the Mitchells have threatened to drive
Imsand out of the country.
Wifen the officers searched Mitchell's
house yesterday a pii-iol. shotgun and
rille were found on tii" premises. The
weapons were carried to Redwood
City, the county seat.
The body was discovered by Fred
Snider at about 5 in the morning and
not many minutes after the news
ppre;Ml like wildfire through the town.
No other subject was discussed in
Colma yesterday and there was some
talk of lynching among the loiterers
on the county road rtaort.
"William Mitchell Sr., the one who
is strongly suspected by Sheriff Mans
field of the commission of the crime,
was caught last night while entering
the Alcazar building to attend a meet
ing of the colored Masons. Sheriff
Mansfield and Detective Ryan located
him and made the arrest. Mitchell
was booked at the City Prison,
where his wife visited him. She said
that he left Colma Saturday evening
and was Hying at 158 Fifth street
since then.
the trip, reversing for his purposes the
true state of the case.
The n ; en got Howard's money and then,
to use the detective's expression, pro
ceeded to give him the double cross."
One of them sailed with Green on the
Alameda, the other two pretended to
do so.
After the arrival of the steamer from
Honolulu, Gibson says, the men reported
to Howard that the deed was done, got
their money and went to Chicago.
These two men and the one that sailed
with Green are known to the police and
i are expected in this city at any time.
: I'ntil that time comes their names will
not be divulged. These are the same
men who stood up the Wells-Fargo Bank
! messenger in front of their building. They
| also lkted up the specie tank of the Aus
tralia and then robbed the steamer.
Augustus Howard, alias Charles Mason
alias Bowyer, alias Godfrey, alias Doyle
alias aims, is an escaped Australian
convict. While under committal for trial
on a charge of forgery he (scaped from
the Braldwood jail, in Australia this
i king-pin bunko man has a sentence of
i twenty-five years hanging over his head
His rici.nl aa an Australian nook to
gether with bis picture were forwarded to
Chief Lees by the Australian authorities
According to the description given in the
document Howard is a native or America
or London and he was burn in 1566.
Ho arrived In the colonies in 1879 where
Ihe professed to be an engineer. He was
| first arrested by the Central police in
I Sydney on July 20, 1883. on two charges
of stealing. He served a term of five
months, and on being released he grew
too handy with the pen and was arrested
on two charges of forgery and three
charges of gaining money under false pre
tenses. For these crimes Howard was
sentenced to five years' imprisonment
His sentence was subsequently reduced
and on gaining his freedom the' rascal at
tempted to carry on his nefarious busi
ness again. On April 12, ']SSB. he was ar
! rested on several charges of gaininK
money under false pretenses, and sen
tenced to serve another term of 'five
years.
On July 22 Howard escaped and the
Australian authorities had given him up
for dead until Chief Lees wrote to (hem
| requesting the above record of his crim
inal life in the colonies.
In addition to having a startling crim
inal record In Australia Howard is not
unknown to the local police
Detective Tom Ellis, win. assisted Chief
Lees to work up the ease against How
ard, arrested him on January 17 1597 on
a charge of obtaining money under false
pretenses. At that time Howard was
manipulating his Acetyline gas scheme on
Sacramento street. One of his many
dupes, J. H. Blakeway of in First street
swore to the complaint, which was sub
sequently dismissed.
During the time Howard operated in this
city and Oakland he bunkoed fully twrntv
people, Borne of whom he subsequently
paid back to avoid arrest. After gettine
his first money from Green, Howard made
a trip to Honolulu. He returned from the
islands in IKH7-, and practiced deception on
L. Peterson of 226 Market street for the
sum of $30. Shortly after he bunkoed A
J. Starbird, corner of Spear and Market
streets, out of $fioo. Dr. Saunders of Ala
meda put faith in Howard's glowing pic
ture of the untold wealth there was |n
his pet gas scheme, and it enst the doctor
I just $80f) to iin<l out that Howard was a
star bunko man. The ordeal nearly
ruined Dr. Saunders. ly
Howard's smooth tongue parted District
Attorney E. K. Taylor of Alameda County
from $600, but the former made restitu
tion to escape the meshes of the law
Mrs. Anphel of 625 Central avenue, Ala
meda, had an experience with Howard
I that cost her $400. and the lady was
; forced to moitgage most of her furniture
i to keep the wolf from the door. In 1595
I Howard and his wife lived with a woman
I named Mrs. Bowel, who kept a lodging
j house at 237 Post street. TJnsUspeeting
I individuals with a tendency to give up
| their money readily were scarce, and
Howard ran several hundred dollars be
hind in his board bill. To avoid paying
Sale's. .
S snowy sheets and pillow cases. C
the mills of America have contributed to Hale's C
S California stores a great showing in bedroom \
j furnishings. C
C unbleached sheets of fair quality with two-Inch hem at the follnwlnc V
\ clean-up prices: '•- -!>'• 63xW. 32e; 7:x90. 33c; SUM, .:• •• W
| 9#x9o i««,- I
f 00,.d quality Hle*<-hed Muslin She»t«. with perfect hem. ready for use— V
C Ux'&, .'.7- .• «3x90. »". SlxSO Mir 1
150 dozen good quality Pleached Mu»lin Sheets, with perfect two-ln<-h g
J hem. 7:xiM. r.r.c; 81x90. <l'»r Sox9o 11.-,,. V
£ H»> « Double Warp Sheet*, extra heavy linen, for hotel u«e. with two- Jj
X Inch hem, the best sheets we know of for the purpose; double thread f
In the warp makes It hard to rip and gives unusual wear—'.U'A
J 42Vid 63xt<0. -ITHc; MxVi. ."i-'j»"; ?lx9o, -.7 .• 90x30.. «;•«: ••
f Hemstitched Sheets of c> • .1 quality Muslin, with two-Inch hem—TSx**. 2
V SiXf, 81x!X>. <;<••• 90x90 <;.-..■ [
3 K0 dozen pillow cases. 3«x15 Inches, made of heavy qimllty muslin, with V
f two-Inch hem, a regular He grade, at clean-up prlca of 7>*«
V Double Warp Pillow Case*, a heavy case for hotel ti*e—4sx3« )n»sh< >«. X
1 ir.o. M»xJ« Inches lIMI ■
M Oood quality Muslin Pillow Panes, with two-Inch hem— »3xS« in* be« \
f liTUr; IsM Inches, Uk h\\ZK inches HtiT.-tc \
Fine quality Hemstitched Pillow Cases—4sx3«. 1.-,,. 80x:« Inches. 17,. aT
1 Ml Inches I lie K
y* Hemstitched Muslin Pillow Ca«ea 27V»0 to «2V»o j
5 fall fabrics for fine wear. C
J • black and colored silks and dress goods of the f
/ new fall styles just come in: shown yesterday for \
j the first time. f
£ Patln-Face<l Broadcloths-22 colors are shown In all th» new sha4e«, J
X goitds are 50 Inches v. . '.• close woven and elegant finish at . f
yard ft1.2.1 V
J Extra heavy Phower-Proof Cheviots, new blues aid blacks; It N the \|
popular thing this season; M Inches wide per yard Sl.no
New Plack f>urhesse, something really special, of extra heavy quality. W
J 22 Inches wide, with Hale' guarantee, f«ir yard i«1.r.0
f Blaek Taffeta Silks, a perfect fabric, 26 inches wide, the kind We cheer- J
\ fully give your money back for If it gives the least dlssatl«far- w
1 tlon yard 91.(H1 ■
SS6-lnch Fancy Striped Taffeta Silk Linings, the regular Me qual'ty: t
now yard 12^c f
. Black and Colored SlleMa, good value at the regular price ' K>c a I
_ yard, but now (Jo >
[ There are many little economies In our lining department; you will save V
on your costume If you get your linings here. M
> ladies' and children's underwear 3
J how "hosiery by the dozen" does sell !
\ it means economy along with comfort to buy a f
J dozen hose. V
Ladies' Seamless Fast'Black Cctton Hose, double heels, soles and toes; f
1 a full-length stocking of medium weight and elastic; sizes 8 to V). C
jS Price by the pair 15c J
t Price by the dozen $1.<».~ y*
■ Indies' Flannelette Gowns, good quality; in pink and white stripes. t ■
1 Mother Hubbard style wide and long, with turn-down collars, sizes %^
14, 15, 16. 17. only about 150. and, to close them out. we make the j
V price just about what th- material costs, with nothing for making y*
j them each yjJe M
y 60 dozen Ladles' Heavy Jersey Ribbed Vests and Pants, 2-3 wool, soft
f and warm, pearl buttons, seams all covered, one of our regular 75c j
\ lines, in small, medium and large sizes, and a good garment for fall W
1 and winter, color cream white and natural gray, to be closed out ■
J ' at 50c 1
Q the kind J^l^^^^Goop Gooi*^^^ every J
J that l i 935-937-939-941-943-045-947 n '9 * i
r neverbreaks. Market street. at six. p
"
. ■. r. . (
WlTrl • " i
TT ■*"■■ I
_, »-» j I
FVCrV POUnd
I^twij IUUUU
£i. ■"--! «', ■■< g^ ' tftf _ _
■ lOnrl L^/riTTP^
■■%:-■;:.^VJvyU VvllV'W
>->.*-* a r»_
Big Presents Free
At "
Great American Importina: Tea Go's
„. XT - o '
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
the debt Howard, so Chief Lees claims,
had Mrs. Bowel arrested on a charge or
grand larceny. . __,«.'
The warrant was sworn out by his wtte
under the name of Gertrude Howard, ami
she alleged that Mrs. Bowel stole two
hundred dollars from her room. Ihe ease
came up in the Police Court and was ulti
mately dismissed. George Adams who
figured prominently in many of Howard s
criminal escapades, ran away from Aus
tralia some years ago with a woman
named Agnes Canary. ,
Previous to meeting the Canary woman ,
Adams, who is an Australian Jew. lived
with a notorious woman nam^d Charlotte
King. He had a son by the King woman,
whom he brought to America. . This chUd
was subsequently turned over to How
ard's wife, who placed the boy in a pri
vate school in this city, where he still
remains. Shortly after arriving in this
city Afinop Canary gave birth to a child.
the offspring of their unnatural in
tlinacy is recorded in the annals of the
Board of Health as the son of George
Walcom Adams. Miss Bessie Lee. who
has posed as a niece of Mrs. Howard, is
said to be her full sister. Her name is
believed by the police to be Straile, and
«he is supposed to have been born in
Brisbane. Such is the record of one of
the most remarkable criminals with j
whom the local police have ever had to j
MJ Pillsbury said that Chief Lees had j
told 'him that in order to get the men ;
implicated ir. the Alameda robbery he did j
not desire to arrest Howard immediately, j
Last Saturday things had come to such j
a pass that Mr. Pillsbury came to the con
clusion that the attempt on Green's life !
was in BOtne way mixed up with the mat- <
ter of the robbery, and that he could no ;
longer delay. He also thought that if ar- ;
rested one of the men would turn State's
evidence. and thus the whole matter would i
be brought to light.
Pillsbury therefore notified Lees coat I
he would no longer hold off and proceeded i
to carry his plans into execution. In ex
nlanatioti "oi the affair in the Palace some
(l-i vs ig'> Chief Lees said that the whole
affaii <>f the detectives breaking into the
room was ;ts follows: Gibdbn and Elus
had been detailed on the Alameda rob
bery case and had gone up to see Green in i
his room. Howard had also gone m> io i
see the same party and had got thero I
first The detectives were waiting in *he ,
anteroom when they overheard the start |
of an altercation in the other apartment ,
which gradually grew warmer and
warmer. Finally Green said: I
"Voi have been acting the traitor all
••\Vhat are you going to do about it?" j
Howard replied. "You can't do anything
to me in this city. I have the police and
courts fixed. 1 could ruin you with your !
family. Don't you suppose I know an ,
about* your visiting women of the town.
I have a d-n good mind to kill yon right
herp and now; thpn kill myself after
ward. I would do it. too. if it were not
for mv children." .
The 'man's voice was so impassioned
that the officers, fearing he would put his
threat into execution, broke down the
door and interfered.
In explanation of Green's return from
Denver. Chief Lees said that It was made
In compliance with a request sent by him.
Of the $185,000 acquired by Howard Green j
has received $58,000 back, otice by payment
of $6000 and a little later through the pay
ment of $52,000.
Incidentally there seems to be an ex- |
cellent chance of a conflict between the
police and judicial departments before the ,
case is done with.
"I wajit to make a statement right j
Hale's.
KfppR.HALL'S HLINViaOSAIU.{
!2&irE£^< Five hundred reward for any
• a case we cannot cure. This secret
"i~r* *■ g remedy stops all losses In 24
a»ga HBI hours, cures Emissions, impo-
fTTri rTilTl tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
«■ IBM Gleet Fits Strictures. Lost
JIQLJIBB Manhood and all wasting effect*
*»—-——"■- ■"' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle. 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure *** caee- Address HALL'S MEDIdIL IN-
BTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for eaie at 10734 Market St., S. F. All prlvat*
dlMajiea quickly cured. Send for free book.
—: —
/^^?,^l'^MMl,,.lCi!-r^?\
E.lbaients1 Ce 3
%S^33D MARKET ST. S.F.
ni fT* nntll I Corner Fourth and
CAFE UMV A I M"ke»- S, f o Tr»
II r r KIII II I our Special Brew
I| U I I 14 I Steam and L*«er.
U III L llUiriL.be. Overcoats and
Valises checked :r«*.
-here," said Chief Lees, "right in the pres
ence of Mr. Pillsbury and Mr. Green — that
my connection with this case was brought
about entirely in my search for the per
petrators of the Alameda robbery. What
I have learned of it was learned in that
way, statements of certain newspapers to
the contrary notwithstanding."
HANSEN WAS DESPONDENT.
Shoots Himself in the Right Eye and
Will Die.
Despondent over his wife's sickness H.
A. Hansen. who is employed in the sugar
refinery, last r.ight shot himself with sui
cidal irtent. The bullet entered his right
eye, ranged downward and passed
through the left cheek. The doctors at
the Receiving Hospital, 'to which institu
tion he was taken, entertain little hope
for his recovery.
Hansons wife some time ago was taken
ill and at her request she was sent to the
Fren-h Hospital. Yesterday he .visited
the hospital and after leaving his wife
he went to his home at Twenty-third and
Mississippi streets.
A short time afterward a shot was
heard and a . police officer was sum
'"a? a late hour last night Hansen
seemed to be sinking and the doctors
gave it as their opinion that he would lire
only a few hours.
ADVERT SEMENTS.
MEN CURED.
lin MEYERS A CO. are the most reliable
nhvsiclans because they are the most success-
' fuf They are the most successful for the
I reason that they are the most skilled and ex-
pertenced. They have been curing diseases md,
1 weakness of men for more than eighteen ye.ira,
■ and have the largest and best equipped mcdl-
i cal Institution and the most extensive practice
in America. They never use Injurious remedies.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Patients can arrange to pay whan they arc
well or may pay in monthly Installments.
Consultation and private book for men free.
HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
If you cannot call write for free advica,
question list, terms and other particulars.
Thousands are cured annually without seelnx
the doctors. All correspondence confidential.
No printing on envelopes cr packages to In-
dicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
• 731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Elevator entrance. Hours. 8 to 5 daily; 7to
S evenings; 9 to 11 Sundjay.