\ OLI Ml. 1 WXVI-No. 17(5.
ARMY OF BOERS PREPARING TO
ATTACK PIETERMARITZBURG.
al Joubert Has Formed a
Daring Plan to Defeat the
British Relief Column
From Durban, While Still
Attempting the Reduction of
Ladysn ith.
UNEASINESS AT LONDON
L( 1 The Daily Chronicle pub-
Mi Durban, dated Wednes
'*T re reported to be 7000 strong
: H wrick Foils, near
rnaril/ The inhabitant* are fleeing from
I i wick :)urg. The Boers have also
:tion forty miles from
The Daily N the following from Pieter
m*■■'■ day's date: "Your cor
.-scape from the Mooi River
r 'ct y< arrival ot 6000 Boers,
;> in all directions Natal
. tho success of the Transvaal
\. The main body of the Bo^rs
rroni Ulundi, southwest of. Est
i rt Nottingham, south of the
day. They are within forty
I maritzburg at the farthest, and it is
ntend to attack the town."
Telegraph publishes the following
Tuesday: "Commu
' ' • E • • is interrupted. The mail train
runs only as lar as Mooi River. Govern
:s have received intelligence from the
• Impendhle that a small commando of
lieved to be a raiding party, is reported to
he district thirty miles west of
ritzburg. I am officially informed that no
h reference to the safety ol
to-morrow the strength of
a been increased to 1000 men
:uns."
L. 5 .i. m.
j the
• . 1 ntents
an. The
pi con
l few
; River.
iap
1 «id
that
MAJ H tihNkkAl. WII.UAM F. GATACRE, C. 8., D. S. O.
t 1* f> lead the Third Division of Sir Reders
' ..i;i b-fb -f Free State. A part of his
§M already h* far
• ■ : to the Orange River and Bloemfon
a brigade of Flrdar Kitchener 1 * army in
• lal commendation from his chief f..r
■ ■ ;■■ ■ ng '. A; hara.
The San Francisco Call
7000 n twenty-five
i : 'Nick Falls, near Pie
trifcrtmrg, and that the in
habitants arc fleeing to the cap-
Evidently a considerable force
of the enemy is now within thirty
Of forty miles of Pictermaritz
.. l>ut it in officially an
nced from there that no anx
g^arrisorj num
bering a thousand men with six
neral Joubert's plan, appar
ently, is a daring attempt to <le
the British relieving column
from Durban in detail, while still
the reduction of
smith. A serious attack on
the Mooi River camp is now
hourly expected, with the object
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1399.
View of the Principal Part of Pietermaritzburg, Which Is Now Alarmed by the Near
Approach of the Boers.
of destroying the bridge at Wes
; tor. Should this be accomplished
: the Boers would be free to turn
: their attention again to Kstcourt
i and later join the investing forces
about Ladysmith.
The Boer report that General
Hiklyard's messenger asking
General White for assistance was
captured causes some uneasiness,
but it is argued that if General
Hiidyard had not been strong
enough to hold out he would
■ time ago have been ordered
to retire to Pietermaritzburg.
Therefore small credence is given
the story.
Nothing is known regarding
the food Supplies oi the garrisons
thus isolated. It is believed that
Hstcourt is well provided, but
there is less confidence in the case
of the Mooi River camp.
There is no further news from
the western frontier, except the
list of casualties, showing that
one trooper was killed and nine
were wounded at Kimberlev on
November 16. and confirming
the accounts of the sortie pre
viously reported from Boer
sources.
It was announced from Paris
that Colonel Yille de Roise Ma
reuil. a French officer, has ac
cepted the post of chief of staff
to Genera] Joubert in succession
to Colonel Schniel, the German
officer, who was wounded and
taken prisoner at Elands Laagte.
From the same source it is re
ported that the Russian officers,
Lieutenant Colonel Gonetzki of
the Guards and General Zeletzi
of another crack Russian regi
ment, have resigned and are go
ing to join the Boers.
THE DEFENSES OF
DURBAN CHARGED
Dt'RHAN. Nov. 22. 10 a. m.— Owing to
\hf proximity of th< B* >ri to Pieter
marltsburg, it baa been necessary to alter
the defenses of Durbnn.
-Mil silent. All accounts
point conclusively to a determined rush
of the Boeri I »irard Ptetermarltsburg
with a very Inrge force. Be veil thousand
nen sita runs are reported twenty-ftve
from Howick. They are said t« be
under th«- personal command «.i (;■
• n.
> s engagement at Mooi River
. • !,•- ill . t i^- • .1 imost entli • :■■ on the
\ irreapbndent of th<' Natal
Advertiser says ;i Boer sheii f»-il within s
few yards of th<- detachment of their in
fantry, that the shell did little Or no <lam
:;<i that Bring continued for about
half ;ni hour at Intervals of from three to
■Inuti - According to this m
the Brittoh troops prepared with the nt-
I'romptitude and advanced under
cover irhen tble, 'I ).• Brltlsli ar
tillery was In position behind th<- lic.t.-l
• Nil Barton and his staff were
t^iiiK accommodated. Major Thome
croft's mounted infantry niov>-ii to oover
on a ride*- on the « nemy's left llujik. The
-hir-- Regiment and the Royal
Welsh Pustleers <><-cupied the trenches.
There was l.ut little lire, the corresp.inil
ent says, but the enemy possessed ai 1. Ast
one DOWltSer with a raiiK<> of five miles
besides several six-pounders.
BOERS STILL EXPECT
TO CAPTURE LADYSMITH
PRETORIA. Tuesday. Nov. 21.— The fol
lowing dispatch has been rec<>lv.-J from
the Boer headquarters near Ladysmith:
"The field cornets of the Pretoria com
mando reported that British gun carriages
an. l some horsemen had been heard mov
ing last night in Ladysmlth. o ljr out
post* observed the British endeavoring
to sortie toward mlisrds Kopje . and
warns Hill, where our Maxims opened
fire. The range was too great and there
fore our artillery began shelllrig. which
drove the British back. About daybreak
the. British batteries fired upon our po
sitions. Two burghers were wounded. It
Is supposed that the object of the sorties
was to relieve the Estcourt force, which
had sent an urgent message to Lady
smith requesting aid. The burghers cap
tured the messenger, but finally allowed
him to proceed."
II 1- '"1 that the Natal police
captured a number of Transvaal
in his in test r«jj..n <;.-n
■ •ral .'
"i am cutting "fr the retnal of tv..
court troops to Waterssarttabuig and
driving 'hem back on the Tu^Ha River."
- •■ im
r with the Forces near La.lysmith
■ ■• ' iunn :• •• < i the dlf
!t ri "" a wiii< h ih.; "fail of Lady
smith can 1."
CONSUL MACRUM
WAMS TO LEAVE
WASHINGTON. Nov. a iitea stata*
Consul Ma, rum at Pretoria has asked the
State Department for leave of absence,
with. permission to take advantage of It
at once. He pleads domestic reasons for
leaving his post and offers to place in the
consulate as the representative, of the
United States Vice Consul Attlebury. who
is now on the ground. The department,
; however, refused to accede to the request,
and Mr. Ma. rum will stay where he Is.
unless he Fees fit to quit his post without
mission.
ii Is learned that so far Mr. Ifaormn ha«
not been prohibited by the Boer Govern
ment from caring for the welfare of the
British subjects now in the Transvaal and
the Free State, or at least he has not
so notified the State Department. There
has be<>n some friction encountered in the
effort of the British Government to secure
permission for the United States Consul
to disburse funds for the benefit of the
British soldiers here as prisoners of war.
PROVISIONS FROM
AMERICA ARE GOOD
LONDON, Nov. B.— Various officers of
the British Admiralty have been inter
viewed regarding the London Chronicle's
bad beef assertions, and they say they
have not received a sinple complaint as '
to the quality of food furnished on the
rts The chief or the victualing
department said:
•'It..- lirst we beard Of th<- matter was
thr"UKh th<- press, and though doubtful of
1:1. 1 we have >• t on f>>ot Inquiries
m the subject. Th<- only ipei Iflc in
mentioned l? thut of th«- Nubia. We
bought lar^e Quantities of provisions la i
N-u York, but we have there responsible
, who are not likely to accept rotten
meat or meat w h i < • 111 1 lias already been
refused i>> other Governments, it is un
derstood the term 'embalmed meats' b
applied to canned meats. We have not
bOUghf any of these. <»ur supplies ar<
confined to salt meats and j>ork packi-d
i.--. commonl) known at pea
ns 'salt horse, 1 th<- same as served
in all the navies of the world
for years past. We have not BO far
heard a word against this form of food.
and, Judging from the health of the men
In the I'nlted BtateS navy dttrfng the w.ir
with Spain, it must l'.#vc agreed pretty
well with them. It Is barely possible that
our soldiers, who are not sceustomed to
salt food, are not altogether satisfied with
this diet and .-'.ri' perhaps inclined un
officially t<> declare it unfit for consump
tion. We have yet t.> learn that the pro
vunona purchased In the United stat»-s art
not all as represented, and though Inves
tigating tin- allegations, we have no rea
son to suppose we win discontinue pur
ch.iFiiiK in the United States when circum
stance- demand outside supplies."
JOHN HAYS HAMMOND
TALKS OF THE WAR
KBTW YORK. Nov. 22-John Hays Ham
mond, the American engineer who became
prominent during the Jameson raid In the
TransvHal, arrive«i here on th>- White
Star liner Teutonic with hl.s family to
day. Mr Hammond was met at the
steamship pier by many people, some of
whom came from as far as Chicago, In
spenklng of South Africa, Mr. Hammond
■aid:
"There can be no doubt that European
sympathy In peneral is with the Boers.
It in not no much for the reason that they
love the Boers as that they dislike the
Enßlish. It is likewise that the animosity
toward Enpland has been intensified by
her friendship for us durlnp the Spanish
war. In America there are many who,
under a misconception, also Kympathizc
with the Boers In their strusple f,>r the
Independence of their so-called little re
public. But is the cause of the Boers de
pervlni? of sympathy from the American
point of view? A few plain facts will en
able you to Judge. The question Is often
asked, and quite pertinently, why the I'lt
landers went to the Transvaal if the laws
THE RAILROAD BRIDGE OVER MODDER RIVER.
This bridge. .wis. dt> nrovM by the Boers soon after their investment of Klrabcrlov, from which pin" 't '..* 61*.
tant some twenty-four miles. It« l*-«; u-tton will prov v a evrlous Hindrance to the ndvanco of General Mrthcur.s col
umn to the relief of the diamond field city.
were unsatisfactory. The answer is that
they were invited to go by the Boer Gov
ernment, and notably Mr. Kruger himself,
and that when they immigrated the exist
ing laws were very, favorable to the Ult
landers. It was only after their capital
and labors had rescued the Transvaal
from Imminent bankruptcy that the lib
eral laws, were superseded by the present
adverse laws.
"hi ih>- meanwhile millions of foreign
capital '.i 1 been Invests I In the pu 1
of Bber farms, af that time of .ittle or
unknown value. The status o£ the ilt
laaders to-day Is this: They omm one
naif <>f the l-«' ■'' "' (1 nine-tenths of the
property of the country. They pr. i*ly
outnumber the Boers, boi nevertheless
are debarred from obtaining the fran
chise. The franchise law as it now
stands requires the applicant for the
Cranchlse In advance t<> renounce alle
giance to all other countries, after which
he Is under a term of probation
of toarteea years, during which time
he Is liable to military service In
,-;,>,. f war: at the end of fourteen f ;irs
be may obtain the franchise provided he
obtains in writing the oonsent of a ma
jority of Hie Boor* In the ward In which
he resides and provided, moreover, that
th«- Boer President and Executive Conn
ell do not object.
"The CTttlanders pay ntoe^tenths of all
the tax ■ and nay.' absolutely no roles
,r. th.- expenditure of the money endmusl
submit to the most flagrani misappro
priation -if the bulk of the Government
revenues, which Is extracted from them
by a m >st Ingenious system of class tax
ation."
INTERVENTION NOT
SERIOUSLY CONSIDERED
WASHINGTON, Nor. 22.— The r, T nwn
BSmbassadbf, Dr. yon Holleben, in the
.■•.\irsf of an informul talk to-day Faii:
"Concerning the war In South Africa,
DR. KINDAL FRANKS.
This Is the surgeon who attended
General. Symons. At first the gal
lant general's condition was -■
precarious that all thought of his
recovery was given ' up, but so
cleverly did- Dr. Franks extract
the bullet from his groin that his
life was spared for some days
long enough for him to give the
order for the retreat from Glencoe.
Dr. Franks received his medical
education In Dublin. Lately he
was connected with the Kllmurry
Institution, Hospital Hill,. Jo
hannesburg. .;■
•i \ \ •. •. \ \ \ •. •. \ \ •. \ \ \ \\ \ \ •. •. \ \ \ •. •. \ •. •. •. •. •. •. •
B LONDON, Nov. 23 —The Daily Mail say*
H! this morning: "We are able to confirm the re-
B port that orders have been issued to mobilize a
a sixth division at Aldershot Top service in South \
5J Africa or wherever it may be wanted.*'
•••- \ \ •. \ \ \ •♦ •. \ \ \ % \ % •. w % •. % % \ \ •. •. •. \ \ \ \ \
the sentiment In Europe, so far as I was
able to observe. Is one of profound public
Interest and complete official neutrality.
Naturally. in a conflict of this character.
the public takes sides. It Is the same as
here In the United States, for l have
I noticed since my return that opinion 1*
' divided here. This public sentiment In
Germany ami elt>ewhere simply shows tie
■free play which Is Riven to Individual
opinion. But this Is quite different from
the attitude of the Government, which Is
j scrupulously correct. neither showing
favor nor disfavor to either side. And 10
far as I observed this Is the attitude
| throughout Europe, for while there baa
been much lost conjecture In the press
concerning Intervention, such a step do^s
not appear to have received the slightest
consideration In responsible quarters."
ENCOUNTER WITH BOERS
AT ALEXANDERFONTEIN
KIMBERLEY, Nov. 17 fb) .li«p.i.ch
riii^r to < trance River, W
B).— There ni 1 ri-Mtnittisanri) In force
this afternoon ir the direct! >v •<{ Alexai
derfontetn, i>»-i< .v.- n-
ments of British mounted forces, with two
M.ix'.ms ami two field nuns, under Major
S«ott Turner and Captain Mayers, to
gether with the BeaeonsfleM Town Ouard,
whi<h helped support the guns I
numbering 250. in ■ k!"..f on the
Alexanderfonteir. farm. The B..er
away, firing enormous quantities of am
munition wildly from the rille p||
malning themselves concealed. Artillery
Boa was a hanged The Boera* m.ix
lm jammed at twenty-five rounds.
Buch continuous firing gave the general
Inpresalon that a big er:ps*s:ement was on
and the townfolk streamed excitedly to
!ie rettirnir.er troops.
The only British casualties were the
wounding of Captain Bodley and the kill-
Ing of two horses. The Boers continue a
desultory bombardment.
TO AID RED CROSS WORK.
NKW YORK. Nov. 22.— A committee.
with John V. [« Pruyn of Albany as
chairman, was organized in this city to
Red cross work in the Booth Afri
can republics, especially within the H... r
lines. The committee in In no way allied
with the American Red Cross Boolety.
The organization was brought about on
the suggestion of an Englishman who
made known the poor facilities of the
f r taring for their sick and wound
ed anil dead. If sufficient funds are -.-nr
to the committee the families of th>
Bd WOUnded will be assisted. It Is
the Intention of the committee to send all
the money to the Netherlands Red I
which Is In the fielfl and needs all the
saatotsnes it can get.
810 GUNS AND FORTS MUST GO.
LONDON, Nov. 22 Sir Charles Dilke.
member of Parliament for the Forest of
Dean Division of Gloucesto rshlre. speak-
liik at Chelsea this evening said:
"When the Rrittsh forces enter Rloem
fbnteln si>me declaration regarding th.
future will have to be made. If the p<>»c.>
to be offered in one in which the colony
can concur the Free Stat.- <;.ir.rnment
will abandon the violent element In the
Transvaal forces. The settlement, in or
der to pacify South Africa as Canada haa
been pacified, must be a settlement In
which the constitutional position of Cape
Colony and Natal must play the Lading
part '1 he big guns and forts must b
g.jt rid of."
BOERS OCCUPY BELLEMONT.
LONDON, NOT, 22— According to .1 C-ipe
Town dispatch General Methuen'i dtvtsti n
left Orange River and reached Wltteputn,
half way t.. Bellem >nt, yesterday, and ad
vices froni Orange River t( -day show that
the Boen occupy IMlemont In for'
that the neighboring hills are crowned
with Boer canm n.
A party of Lancers which has returrM
to Orange Riv^r came unexpectedly upon
two Boer laagrrs. Three shrapnel shells
burst close to the Lancers, who. however,
were unharm. .1.
FOR BULLERS ARMY.
LONDON, Nov. 10.-The British trans
port Klldonan Castle, said
largest transport in the world, which ioft
Southampton November 4 with Stum men.
their kits, weapons, machtne guns, am
munition, balloons, pontoons, wagons, etc..
arrived at Cape Town this morning.
About 35.00Q of General Holler's army
corps have now arrived.
The transport Nubia, with the first bat
talion of the Beots Guards, has sailed f r <m
Cape Town for Durban. The traaspt rt
Carinthla arrived at Cape Town yester
day.
GATACRE HAS HOPE.
LONDON. Nov. 22. -The Boer requisi
tioning of men and supplies proceeds
briskly on the northern border of Cape
PRICE FIYK CENTO.
Colony, but General Gataere hop«\<« noon
to be In a position to push the PrM State*
back within their own borders. The reoc
cupatlon of Nauwpoort by the British Is
the first step in this direction, but strong
forces of Boers are laagered at Coleshurg
and threaten a further Immediate advance
from thert\
TELEGRAPH LINE CUT.
DURBAN. Natal. Nov. 22.— A dispatch
from the Moot River says the telegraph
line waa rut Tuesday evening near High
lands fetation. The dispatch adds that the
railroad station Is In the possession of a
large force of Boers encamped near Mlt
chesons Cutting.' A train bound to Eat
court returned. It only got a mile and a
half northward of v. Highlands station.
The Natal Stud Company's farm hr\s
been raided and SO blooded horses, valued
at $15,000, have been raptured.
FIGHTING AT MAFEKINO.
PRETORIA. ' • n«ra!
Snym.in. who is outsMa Mafeklnc. n
lighting M Th«
British briskly • • ,n and
■
bnrdlnjc the Bf
effects. The loss of the British is un
known. One Boer was wounded.
BOEB CASUALTIES
PRETORIA. Tuesday. Nov. 21.— The of
ficial returns of the Transvaal casualties
since the outbreak of the war show that
ninety men have l«. killed and SOU
wounded, of whom a number have re
covered and returned to the front.
Newspaper ""reports from Cape Colony
say a general rising of the Dutch farm
ers Is Imminent In Natal and that th«
Colonial Boers in those districts which
have been proclaimed republican territory
have already Joined the Boer forces.
MARCHING FROM THE WEST
DURBAN. Nov. 22.— About 3000 Free
State Boers, with guns, are marching
from the west, by way of Fort Notting
ham.
Nauwport Reocrupied.
CAPE TOWN. Not fl .... Si
ind men. sent by train fr
reoccupled Nauv . .,„ ar^
attempt was ma.le t.y the dislo
r.»y a bri.l*;.' •%.. mUes in Urn
but it was frustrated and the damage w««
repair.-. 1.
Another naval contingent fmm th* bat
tieshln Monarch rla hit
left Slniontown f.»r the front.
m -
Says Joubert Is Dead.
-Al'K Town. Km ssV-The Port Ellza
betl) Herald publlsheji an Interview with
an Englishman who has Just arrived from
the Transvaal, in tin | which he
• > th.it General Joubert,
The commander of the Transvaal f
has been kill.-. I
To Relief of Kimberley.
LONDON. Nnv 23. -The Dally Mall
publishes a dispatch from N.iiwp.i.. r t.
dated Wednesdny. which says a !»rg>»
force under »)cn« ral Methuen has crnaaed
th»- C)runge River and is advancing to ihe
relief of Klmberley.
Aid From Portland.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 22. -The British
residents of Portland at a meeting; to
night raised $600 for the fund for the wid
ows an. l orphans »>f the Hrttlsh soldiers
who are killed in .South .V
KAISER AND KAISERIN
WILL GO TO BLENHEIM
WINDSOR, England. Nov. 22.-A semi
state dinner was given at the Castle this
evening, at which thirty-seven guests. In
cluding a few minor members or the diplo
matic corps, were present.
Emperor William and the Empress will
go to Snndringham on Saturday as th
guests of the I'rlnce of Wales, where he
will remain a day longer than he had or
iginally planned, not leaving for Germany
until Tuesday.
Although the Kaiser has declined the In
vitation of the Lord Mayor of London.
Sir John Moore, to attend a banquet pro
posed In his honor at tn. Mansion House,
he and the Kalscrin will go to Blenheim
on Friday, where they will take luncheon
with the Duke and Duchess of Marlbor
ough. A special train will carry them
from Windsor at noon and they will re
turn here at 4 o'clock.
McCOY COLLAPSES.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— A report comes
from White Plains to-night that "Kid"
McCoy, who has been training at William
Muldoon's farm for the match with Maher
on December 11. lias collapsed physically
and probably will never be able to enter
the ring again. It It said that hit nervous
I system is almost a complete wreck.
Torpedo Boat Viper s Success.
LONDON, No* B The prelimlnarv
trial of the turbine torpedo boal Vip*r
took place 10-du •'.■! « 1- - leeeasM fho
develojH«d a speed of thirty-two
The official trial will follow In a f«w
days2
CHARGES AGAINST RUSSIA'S
MINISTER OF FINANCE
M. SERQE DH WITTH. Russian Minister of Finance.
M. de \Vltt« Is. perhaps, the mrn-t powerful and Influential man In the
Czar's service, not even excepting tho Foreign Minister. Count Muravleff.
Only a year ago the Czar Issued a ■ bile rescript Thanking: him for his ser
vices an<l appointing him BecrctAry of State. The Crar has absolute confi
dence In his proved Integrity and sterling honesty. M. de Wltte's rise from
a position In the lower walk of life has been a most remarkable one. He has
had a career which has few parallels In the history of the world. Twenty
years ago he was a more village, statlonmaster <m the railroad line from
Klwve to Odessa, and he Is Indebted for his rapid rise and promotion to the
fact that on one memorable occasion ho disobeyed orders. He had received
certain Instructions with regard to the transportation of troops to Bulgaria,
and rinding that compliance therewith would have resulted In hopeless con
fusion he took upon hlnrn-lf to act In direct opposition thereto. Called to
account for hi? dlsooedlence. ho was able to prove to the satisfaction of
his hupcrlors that he hud acted ■• thf only manner certain to be successful,
and that the orders transmitted to him were entirely wrong. This attracted
the attention of M. "VVychnrgradski. who was at that time president of the
railroad on which M. de Witte wa« employed. On Wychnegndski becoming
Minister of Finance he brought tin* young statlonmaster with him to St.
reterrbuig. where he rapidly promoted him from one post to another, until
seven y.ttrs ago he succeeded him as Minister of Finance.
B2T - The Dc^taeba Z eltur.R to-day publlnhes the following dis
patch from St. FVtcrsburu:
•'Tli«» Orar han instruct^ Minister of Justice Mumvieff to investigate
the allocations that M. <1e Wltte (presumably the Minister of Finance) haa
\<eea manipulating th«» Bourse to personal advantiipe. M. de Witts ha?
made an in* ff^ctual attempt at Fuic!d<». H!s wife renuepted an audience of the
GMT, but her mjuctl tva* rejected. Several high financiers and officials are said
to be Implicated. "
Nothing 1? knnwn In Berlin repardinp the. statements made In the Deutsche
Zcitung dispatch. Pr. Mlquel. the Minister of Finance, who If an intimate friend
of M. do Wttte, the Russian Minister of Finance, said to a correspondent of the
Associated Press that he knf-w nothing about the matter except that the antagon
ism b«t>*vea M. MuravU-il and M. de Witt© was of long standing.
DIAZ MAY GO
OUT OF POLITICS
Will Decline to Accept a
Renomination.
■ Call,
22.— A dispatch
I au
■
■
A powerful Influence is bt;lng brought !
to bear upon President L'laz by tne for- '
••tjrn bunint-f.s element of Mexico to have j
Lira r<»con.sl.Ur his derision and accept the
cilice for at least another term. Tlu- laws I
«t Mexico strictly prohibit foreigners I
from interfering with the affair* ot the j
Government, and the recent maM» m«-«'t- '
inga of Arm-rJoans and other foreign na- j
tlonalitl«s hfld fur the purpose of indors- j
ing Diaz for the Presidency have c;U!o.l |
lurth vigorous protects from the leaders I
of th« clerical party.
These xntt-tlngti have been held in nearly
every riiy ::i Mexico, and It is thought I
that th«-ir intlu<nri- may di!*.er DivE from
his propose action. In the event that i
J»!a* should dxcline another nomination
Monterey may have a candidate for tho
*iftlo*> in the person of General Bernards t
R«-y«z« h. <;<A<rnur of the State >>t N.-uva |
Leon. Hon. Jone Ives Umantour. Secre- j
tary of the Finance, also has many ftroijß >
t-upporu-rn for the position. It is reported
tJiat Secretary Limantour will resign his
present ofllce within th- mxt ft-w weeks
ut.il l.ecime an active candidate for Pri-si
ilint shouM Diaz get out of the way.
RECEPTION TENDERED
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
Principal Speech Delivered by the
Bishop of a Protestant Episcopal
Church.
FT. PAUL. Nov. ..-A remarkable re
ception la honor of Archbishop John Ire
land of this city wa« sjiven to-niKht at the
Commercial Club. It vai intended as a
tribute of reepect and love from fellow
citizens of St. Paul and Minnesota and
was attended by several hundred per
sons. United States Senator Davis. Cap
tain BrtdKcman of the Hamllne (Metho
dl&t) UnlvfTilty and many others of na
tional reputation were present. The jinn
<lr>al upeeeh in honor of the Archbiuhon
wan delivered by Itlpht Rev. M. N. Gull
bert. lilshop of the Protestant Episcopal
church, whoso church is located within
xi. block of Archbishop Ireland's residence,
and it was an eloquent tribute to his
« ritholic tii-iphl«)r an fellow citizen,
j-atriut unu churchman.
FLAMES BREAK OUT
IN A VESSEL'S HOLD
Fire Starts on the Cromwell Liner
Hudson, but Is Extinguished
by the Crew.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3. -The Cromwell
line btcamship Hudson, which arrived at
lirr pier in North River to-day, -was on
fire «t «-a. on Monday night, but the Maze
wm extinguished t» fore much damage
was done. Nothing could be learned of
ihe extent of the flr«? from tho officers of
the boat, but at the office It wiu- admitted
tho cargo in it. after hold of the vessel
had been ablaze. Smoke could be *r <v. is.
Fuing from the resael, and the hatches
were battened down, th« officers being
afraid to open thorn.
The steamer arrlvtd from New Orleans
with thirty or forty uteerage passengers
and. carried a cargo of cotton and mo
lasses.
Fred Schumann Retires.
PAN* RAFAEL. Nov. 22.— Fred Schu
mann. whose name has always been
linked with that of Bdiuetsen Park, has
retired from business and will be suc
ceeded at the noted pleasure resort by
Fred Iceberg of gan Francisco. 11l health
it« given as the cause of th«, change,. but
Schumann will have to stand" a ilttie more
before he gets a chance to recuperate, as
President l'hllo Jacoby of the California
Schuftxen Club Is preparing for a ban
quet to be held In honor of Schumann's
long lease of the park from that club.
NATIONAL GRANGE
OPPOSES TRUSTS
Demands Their Suppres-
sion by Law.
w lu«p«n-hto Tli* Call.
■IELD, Ohio. N ••-. 22-The
re. whu-li hit.s b«~n .
■ le, wii;
rtaiit
•-. which
Ll
Th* National Grange express thoir approval
of th« eildrffji of r.ur worthy master. Aaron
Jones, rrgardlnir trusts and demand the enact
ment by v'fin»:i>-(«s of such laws as will protect
the ix>Gi'l#* against all combinations of men and
capital inimical to public i-olicy.
We are not r>;pof><?d to. the association of in
tereFts whii-h tnrrely Ittsen the cost of pro
duction, but w«" an* decidedly opposed to the
ml«ui«« of the power which large combinations
of >-ii; ltul give for the purpose of destroying
oimjftltlon, controlling prtiduction and arbi
trarily JlrtatltiK jirlces of commoJitlca. We are
oppct-eJ to all corporations or trusts which
control the rource, of supply, and. like the
Standard Oil Company, reach out their arms
ai;d embrace all competition. Bpecial favors
ar<> Kratit»-<1 them by railroads, thus enabllnK
them to undersell and force to the wall the
t-mallor dealer* who might otherwise compete
with them. We encourage the investment of
cajlta! In every branch of legitimate Industry
and drniamj fair i>lay. . The expansion of our
territory and comment tends to increase^ihe
number of <■;«; C.-illi.-d ;u=«.i-latl.>n«. The gn'ed
and *elft>hnef<s which too often actuate men has
t*ccme an element of danger and must be con
tr^lW. It must lv ma lmr^sslble for bo
called tnjftn to accumulate millions by selling
watered ftuck without adding to the wealth of
th* country.
Therefore w»> recommend:
Flrnt— <>fflclnl Insertion of all corporations,
as In the c««e of national banks. No corpora
tion flriiM I* tolerated whose books cannot
txrar lr.j-i^otlon.
Perond— Prohibit ion of all rebates or discrim
inations l.y publlo carriers.
Third— Taxation at all capital stock.
Fourth— All cai.ltal muck fhould be paid up
in full.
Firth-Pevere r*nalt!^» f.,r violation of the
law: (a) by forfeiture of charter, fine and im
prisonment: ■i.i by Impeachment, fine and lm
jptiFonment of all public officials whose duty It
uiay be to enforce the law and who fall to r*r
form that duty.
Puggenions-^We ■ would advi*e many peti
tions to Congress to pa*» remedial legislation
along the lines above suggested.
Wo ask the members of our body to secure
State leslslatlon not in conflict with National
laws, but suited to the peculiar requirements
of their respective Btates. One of the greatest
evidences- of trusts la their power to control
elections and corrupt ofliclaJs. Tills can be
remedied by educating the people. Meanwhile
we must control by the atrontr arm of authority.
One principle worthy of consideration has been
thus stated.
Whenever monopolies are based upon the ac
quisition of nearly the entire supply of natural
trraFures of any sort, or upon exclusive owner
ship of raw material of any kind Government
owner* of tho source of supply la called for.
The National Granire and Patrons of Husbandry
i.ledres its " st efforts for the suppression of
smb. danirerous associations, and we Invite the
earnest ro-operatlon of every liberty-loving
»«lf-rfxp«ctlr!K citizen of the republic
Tho Grange also adopted the following
resolution: IS
That we most heartily desire the upholding of
ourTnerthant marine, but we are emphatically
opposed to the principle of subsidy, and believe
t w e . J 7 <lrp< l ""suit*- can And will be accom
plished without resorting thereto
DEATH OF THE CREWS
OF TWO LOCOMOTIVES
Baltimore and Ohio Double-Header
Passenger Train Crashes Into
a Freight
GARRETT. Ind.. Nov. 22. -The heavy
Baltimore, and Ohio's limited passenger
train, drawn by two locomotives, ran into
the rear end of a freight train near Me
< pol ; r a email station fifty mil,-* out of
t.hlcago, this afternoon. Both the passen
ger engines were ditched and their crews
were tilled The freight train ,ii"
most a total wreck. Its conductor. Mr
Butts, and Rear Brakeman Hamilton, are
m '^ nB * and It Is supposed they ore
burl.d under the debris of their caboose.
A special trajn. reached here about noon
d a ad •■ several Injured and the following
HHNRY BRADKOnn. engineer
H BARBER, engineer
fI'MER ORR. flivman.
JOHN stink firen
Each of the dead men leaves a family.
Miles at Galveßton.
OAIAEHTON. Texas. Nov. 22. -General
Nelson A. Mil.-H spent the day here in
specting fortincattona. and left to-night
for New Orleans. *
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1899.
TELEGRAMS POUR
IN UPON DEWEY
Friends Send Reassur
ing Messages.
♦
DENOUNCE HIS CRITICS
«,
PUBLIC PTTLSE UNDERGOES AN
OTHER CHANGE.
•
Popular Indignation Gives Way to
Sympathy for the Admiral Be
cause of the Attacks
Upon Him.
B]-<»olal PUpatd! to The <~"all.
CALL HEAPQfARTERS. WELLING
TON Hmtel. WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-
Admirul Dewey has no regrets to express
or apolopie.- to I n.r for the disposition he
hae made of the home presented to him
by the American people. When 1 saw him
to-alght he was pleasantly chatting with
a caller and seemed in the best of spiri*. s.
He had received a large number of tele-
.^rftraa front all parts «f the— country ex
pressing satisfaction with the course he
had pursued and condemnation of the crit
1 lama to which he had been subjected.
He regards these expressions as coming
from his true friends and Is deriving much
comfort from them. The admiral does not
wish to make any further explanation,
but desires it understood that he stands
by the Interview which he gave last night
after he. had learned of the full extent
Of the criticism which his action had
caused.
"You may say," the admiral said to me,
"that the interview which I gave last
night la correct in every particular, and
that I am entirely satisfied with the posi
tion 1 nave taken. Further than this, I
ii. us; nut talk lur publication. 1 have ad
mitted to beverai others to-night that this
interview was correct, and it is possible
that they muy take advantage of this to
write further extended Interviews with
me, but they will not be Justified in doing
t>o. 1 have said all that 1 am going to
tay for publication."
In conversation with other friends the
admiral freely admitted to-day that in
transferring his bouse to Mrs. Dewey he
had her uione in mind; that he had
thought that he could make her no more
titling weaning present than the homo
In wr.ich they were to live, and that he
did nut then contemplate a further trans
ter of the house to his eon George. Tne
decision to do so was reached by Mrs.
Dewey au.l the admiral heartily approved.
The: is no doubt that Admiral Dewey
feels that much ol the criticism which ha.*
endued from his action comes from tho^o
who feared that he had political ambi
tions. This intimation was thrown out
by his brother-in-law. Mr. McLean, last
night, and it was repeated again to-day
by some of Admiral Dewey's dose
friends. One of them even went so far
us to Ml that if It were kept up the ad
tr.lral might, alter all. find it desirable to
filter the Presidential race. But it may
be stated authoritatively, regardless of
the Suspicions the admiral may have as
to the Presidential motives behind the at
tacks upon him. that nothing whatever
could tempt him to enter politics. The
admiral's sole desire, as he expressed it
to trial to-night, is to bo allowed to live
as quietly as possible. He is becoming
very weary of the social attentions which
are being heaped upon him, and it is
probable thai he and Mrs. Dewey will
take a trip in a few days to some quiet
place for an indefinite stay.
Georgo Goodwin Dewey, Admiral Dew
ey's son, to-day became the legal owner
of the much-talked-about house. The
deed by which Mrs. Dewey made this lat
est transfer was filed for record this
morning. It sets forth that the prop
erty is transferred by Mildred McLean
Dewey and George Dewey, her husband.
of the city of Washington, D. C.,' to
George G. Dewey of the city of New York.
The consideration named In th* deed Is
$10. The transfer Is made subject to this
condition, which Is Inserted in the deed:
"Subject, however, to this expressed
ration: That the parties of the first
part do hereby expressly reserve to them
selves and to each of them during and
for the period of their natural lives, re
spectively, a life Interest in and to the
premises therein described Such life in
terest In case of the death of either of
the parties of the first part to revert to
the other."
As it costs Admiral Dowry $50 for In
ternal revenue stamps every time the
house is transferred the Government has
profited to the extent of $150 by tho fro
auent transfers. The admiral might have
saved $100 of this amount if lie had simply
transferred tho property directly to his
son in the first place without passing it
through the hands of Mr. Crawford and
Mrs. Dewey.
The criticisms of Admiral Dewey for
transferring the title of his residence to
his wife and Bon continue, but it is ap
parent that a change In public opinion is
setting in and there is a tendency to-day
to express sympathy for th*» admiral, who
has been made tO feel that a single mis
take in Judgment may completely over
turn a popular hero. In his desire to be
stow a wedding gift upon his bride Ad
miral Dewey lost 6lght of the fact that
he could not with perfect propriety treat
the house which had been given to him
as a testimonial of esteem as If it had
been any ordinary piece of property ac
quired in an ordinary way. The nasty
transfer to the son k after the first evi
dence of popular disapproval is taken as
evidence of his desire to condone his of
fense against good ta*te.
RECORD BROKEN ON
THE GREAT NORTHERN
Rapid Trip Between St. Paul and Spo
kane to Make Up for Seven
Hours' Delay.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 22.— Tho Great North
ern claims tho record for the fastest run
on a - Northwestern railroad. An east
bound Great Northern train was delayed
near L*avenworth. Wash., by a land
slide. In the delayed train was some im
portant mall. A special train was made
up of an engine, mallcar and caboose, the
moll was transferred and the train start
ed east. Leavenworth is several hundred
miles west of Spokane.
In the meantime, finding that the east
bound train would not reach Spokane,
another train had started on toward St.
Paul in order to fill the vacancy. So It
became a stern chase. The special east
from Spokane had a start of 210 miles.
The trip of the pursuer to Spokane, 203
miles, was made in four hours and thirty
minutes. The best time was made be
twt-en Wilson and Spokane, 106 miles, in
one hour and thirty minutes. The. pur
si- r came up with the pursued at- Black
foot. Mont., having made up seven hours
of delay.
It was the fastest long-distance run
made by a Western road, the distance
being f(p7 miles.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Charge
>^jvU&tvK*jv There are critical
—jjifcfrX^ momenta in every b^t-
/§w^^P?^r\ tie where the tide of
- '^ < fl^>\ victory depend? upor.
BSfl^ftHHgflßjrrVl^ 6 sudden and un-
»<fBRFSK }Hjßb o | expected display of
\Js?^~!^2^?sv^ cavaln-, the tudden
E '£5^ unmasking of a now
' * s^ battery or the rush of
fresh infantry into tho turmoil and disorder of
the broken firing line revives the strength beg
| brings new courage to the wavering ranks.
Daffy's Pore Malt Whiskey
is a reserve fore©. It will stimulate the shat-
tered energies of the body to now action. It
will lead the charge upon weakness and unmask
the batteries with which to renew the fight
Gorernmcnt medicine iltmp Bitrks the renulne. Drocr>«»
tituilly %r-\\ it. If youri <Jo*» not. »t will rzprrtt a bottle,
prepaid, for |i | tli for fj. Writs for lnt-restir. £ bock.
Duffy Halt Whiskey Co., Rochester, N.T.
HUNTERS SLAV MEN
AS WELL AS DEER
PLATTBBURO. N. V . WOT. 22 —
During the deer huntlnp season just
ended in the Adlrondacks twenty
three persons were accidentally
killed by hunters. The number of
deer killed was also larger than
usual.
PRIVATE SERVICE
OVER HOBART
Funeral Will Be Held
Saturday.
PUBLIC MAY VIEW REMAINS
TROOPS ORDERED OUT TO DO
POLICE DUTY.
English Flag Hung at Half-Mast at
the British Embassy as
a Mark of Re
spect.
Special Dlsi atch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The funeral of
, the late Garret A. Hobart. Vice President
of the United States, will take place on
Saturday. The morning services at the
•iice will • ed by only the
, memtifrs of Mr. Hobart' I family. Presi
dent McKlnley and his Cabinet, and Mr.
Hobart's mo*t intimate friends. At the
rhurch of the Redeemer in PaU-rson the
public servic; will be held at 2:3u o"clock
In the afternoon.
The body will not lie fn State In the City
Hall, as was desired by the city authori
i ties, but on Friday afternoon the casket
will be open in the library of his home
' and for three hour:; the public may view
, the face of the la re Vice President.
The body lies in a handsome casket of
oak, the plate bearing this inscription:
1"44.
GARRET A. HOB ART.
1599.
The following official statement was giv
en out at the tiobart residence by Private
becretary Evans to-night:
"The Funeral services over the body of
the late Vice President will lie held at the
Church of the Redeemer. Paterson, on
Saturday, November 25, at 2:30 p. in.
"inasmuch as the sauting accommoda
tions of the church are entirely inade
quate It will be necessary that -tuts be re
served for the various national. State and
local officials, representatives of the or
ganizations with which Mr. Hobart was
connected and intimate personal friends of
the family. It is. therefore, impossible to
provide for the general public until vari
ous officials, representatives and friends
have been accommodated.
"Previous to the public exercises on Sat
urday afternoon a brief service will be
held at the Hobart residence only for the
family, the President and his Cabinet, and
Intimate personal friends,
i "On Friday afternoon tho body of the
Vice President will be placed in the 11
brary of his home, where the public may
i have an opportunity to view It. The In
terment will be at the convenience of the
; family at Cedar Lawn Cemetery."
Four companies of regular soldiers from
Governors Island will take part In the
funeral ceremonies and will probably act
I as an escort from the late residence of tho
Vice President to the church. The mili
tary will also act as an escort to President
McKlnley and bis party.
It is expected that President MrKlnley
and his Cabinet, the Supreme Court Jus
tices and other officials will arrive before
noon on Saturday. A special train bear-
Ins the Senators and Representatives and
other United States officials win start
from New York and committees will be on
hand at Paterson to take charge of those
on board.
A great many messages of condolence
were received to-day. Including message?
from Chief Justice Puller of the United
States Supreme Court, United States Sen
ator Carter of Montana. Minister Harris
at Vienna, the Oregon State Bar Associa
tion, Mr*. Julia Dent Grant and a number
of foreign Ministers at Washington.
.All of the public buildings In Paterson
have been draped, as well as many of the
private residences throughout New Jersey.
Dr. Newton, the Vice President's physi
cian, to-day Bled the certificate of death,
giving the cause of death as "dilation of
the heart, due t. myocarditis."
Mr. Hobart was a member of the Ord«r
of Free and Accepted Masons of high
rank, a thirty-third degree Scottish Rite
Mason, and a Knight Templar. In reply
to inquiries of representatives of various
Masonic bodies It has been explained to
th.m that the family deem it best not to
have a Masonic funeral. Vp to the pres
ent time the names of the pall-bearers
have not been announced. Mr. Hobart
two months ago, when be feared some
thing might happen, named Fix of his
most intimate friends in New Jersey, and
it Is believed that these will act as his
pall-bearers Mrs. Hobart Is boring up
well under her great trouble, and to-day
was able to see ■ few of her most itiM
mate friends Including Attorney General
Qrlsgs. and Mrs. Grlgf3 and Rev. Dr.
Magic, who will deliver the funeral ora
tion. • ■::■■
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.-In response
to a large number of telegraphic Inquiries
the Treasury Department desires It stated
that the offices of all Collectors of Cus
toms and Collectors of Internal Revenue,
stamp deputies and other officials will 00
closed on next Saturday, the day Of the
funeral of Vice President Hobart. •
At the request of Attorney General
Grlggs the War Department has directed
that 200 regular troops be Bent to Pater
son on the day of the funeral of the Vice
President. These troops will be on pol'ce
duty In the vicinity of and around the res
idence.
The British Jack over the British em
bassy was at half-mast to-day as a mark
of respect for th© late Vice President.
Lord Pauncefote and the members of his
staff left their cards at the White House
as a further evidence of respect. The half
masting of the embassy flag attracted
considerable attention and was regarded
as an unusual mark of consideration to
an American official.
INCREASED POPULARITY
OF THE STOCKTON FAIR
Proceeds Will Be Devoted to the
Founding of a Home for
Old Men.
STOCKTON, Nov. 22.-The Catholic
ladles' fair now in progress at the Pa
vilion Is proving a great success. The
attendance Is larger each evening. The
proceeds are for the benefit of St. Joseph's
home. The pretty booths are being cared
for by the following ladles:
Italian booth, decorated tn red, white and |
green— Mendameß Olanelll and Ghlgtleri. assist
ed by Misses Allegrettts, Rossi and I* Martial.
Dolly and handkerchief booth, pink and white—
Mesdames 1..,,. X ..., and Mlnahen. Catholic La
dles' Aid Society booth, green and white— Mrs.
John Collins, assisted by Mendamea Morrissey,
Lauxen. Hopkins and Trlvett. Weber Institute,
Y. L. L. blue and white, with California pop.
Ple*— Ml*B Sarah Sharon, assisted by Me3
<larr.es HefTernan, Gnrvlns. Castle, Pore. Simpson,
Fisher. Archambault and Misses Oarvln. Ulan
ninl, Praadersast and Harnett. Young Ladies'
Sodality, white, and gold— Miss Annie Mortis
eey, assisted by Misses Bckstmtn, Walsh, Fitz- |
gerald an. l Heffernan. Fishpond— Mrs. Mercy
Stein, assisted by Miss Minnie Power. Refresh- I
ment ia-bles— The Misses Nunan. assisted by I
Misses KHthryne Martin and Mayme Heffernan. !
Shooting Knllery— James Hull. The Brothers of '
St. Mary's School have charge of the ctneottraph '
display, and the Father Y.irke Literary Society
baa charge of the menagerie..
Drowned in Shallow Water.
BTOCKTON, Nov. U.— Frank Schell, an
a«ed County Hospital patient, who wan
dered away yesterday. was found
drowned to-day in six inches of water on
the ouuskirta of town.
REDSKINS MAY GO
ON THE WARPATH
Sacs and Foxes Resent
a Wrong.
INDIAN AGENT'S INJUSTICE
>ONS A YOUNG SQUAW
WITHOUT CAUSE.
Determined to Make Her Attend a
Training School in Common
With Maidens of the
Tribe.
Pl^rlnl Dispatch to Th» Call.
OMAHA. Nov. 22.— A special from Dei
Moines, lowa, to the Bee Bays: Four
hundred and fifty redskins at the Sac
and Fox Indian reservation in Tama
County are ready to start on tha v.ar
path with rifle and tomahawk.
N. T. Wllcox of Montour was in con
sultation with Judge Oliver P. Shlras of
the Federal court here to-day an:
that it was onty because of his prrsonnt
intercession that the Indians had been
prevented making an assault on the peo
ple of Tama city and Toledo to avenge
themselves for alleged wronga lntllctea by
the Indian agent.
Wllcox finally arranged with Judge Shi
r.i.^ to go to Cedar Rapids and there (lie
a petition for habeas corpus for the re
lease of an Indian girl, aged 18, confined
In the Government Indian training
school nt Toledo for a month. Wllcox
returned to his home to-night assuring
the'ofncials that he would be able to con
trol the Indians as long as tho courts had
the controversy in hand.
The woman in the caae is Lelah-Puch-
Ka-Chee and she is married. Her nus
band is Ta-Ta-Pi-Cha. They were m ir
rled when she was 17 according to Indian
rites, the Sac and Fox Indians being per
mitted :o marry on the reservation ac
cording to tribal customs. When iho.
training school was estnMis-h.-d by the
Government at Toledo Indian Agent W.
*i. Malln sont out an order for all In
dian children under 18 to enroll in the
school. The Indians refused and hid
their children. The girl in question was
taken Into another county and was en
rolled In a school near Belle Plain.
An Indian Interpreter was charged ""nth
helping children to escape from the res
ervation and on the trial tho State Ri'in
: •! the woman in this case as a wit-
Wilcox lt.dui .-d ). or pan nts and
husband 10 SO ompany h>-r into court at
Tama City. The interpreter was rils
chiirged. but the Indian ftgent and Super
dent <",. n. Neills of the H.i.o.ii
eelsed the Kirl. took her away from her
husband by force and. conveying
the Indian school, confined her there. Sh«
has been detained In ;i nx>m th>-re *ii.r.
the tir.-t of the month. It Is for her re
leaae that Wllcox row seeks a writ of
rpus.
The husband is nominally the plaintiff
;;i.d the claim is made that the Govern
ment li;us no r:^ht to force the Indians to
il and in this rase has no rlj<ht
to detain a married woman.
WILL PUBLISH THE
CHARTER TO MORROW
To meet the increasing
demands of our subscrib
ers and of those city offi
cials particularly inter
ested in the provisions
of the New Charter, The
CjU will publish that
instrument IN HULL as
a supplement of to-mor
row's issue of the paper.
In addition there will
be a synopsis containing
the number of office
holders, terms, salaries,
etc.
RAILROAD SHOPS
WILL NOT BE MOVED
Story Emanating From Oakland Is
Flatly Denied by Southern
Pacific Officials.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 22.— story
emanating from Oakland and published In
San Francisco that the Southern Pacific
shops here would eventually be removed
to the former city is discredited by rail
road ofllcials and every one else conver
s. n\ with the tremendous volume of work
done here, and with the present and fu
ture plans of the Southern Pacific at this
point.
Never before in the history of the shops
were so many men employed as now. The
building* destroyed some months ago by
tire have been replaced by vast brick
structures, and fitted out with the most
modern and costly appliances. The rail
road has entered into negotiations with
the State Board of Prison Directors for
the purchase of cut and crushed granite
from the Folsom quarries with which to
widen its yards and afford more track
room in the vicinity of the shops, and
cars are being turned out in great nurn
i. is. The fact that the company is re
claiming the tide land south of the Oak
land pier is declared to have no bearing
whatever upon the site of the railroad
shops.
H. J. Small, superintendent of motive
power and machinery, and the highest au
thority at the shops, in discussing the
rumor, paid to-day: "The story is with
out foundation. There is no intention of
moving any of the shops from Sacramen
to. This Is simply a repetition of stories
which I have been hearing for the past
ten years or ever since I came here
"The 'work now being done, in Oakland
for the railroad company was inaugu
rated at my suggestion. Better switch
ing facilities and more yard room were
needed, and 1 recommended that th.» low
land be filled in. The recommendation
was acted upon, and that is all there is
to it."
a ELECTRIC_FAIRY TALES."
T ?n E th n e r P aT 7 afl TT ' tnent BtOri " toW by certain self-styled "doctors"
to ttO a™-! 8l ° dlBP ° " ° f Inferl ° r old -«ty'e Electric Belt, at from $40
vinclng tj \^ J " c ln i 9 % Very affecting, but fall to prove con-
vincing t o -xX^ everybody m this wide world. BECAUSE It Is
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. C. F. B. Burchmore,
House Physician of the Suffolk
Dispensary, Boston, writes:
"There is no question regard-
ing the remarkable curative
value of Warner's Safe Cure.
I have watched very carefully
the results of this great remedy
upon patients afflicted with any
of the many diseases of the kid-
neys and urinary organs,
the benefit derived, I feel it is
most assuredly a specific of great
value."
WILL BUY THE
MARCONI PATENT
Company Organized in
New Jersey.
Pl^rial FMapateh to The Call.
TRKNTON, N. J , Nov. 22— Articles of
Incorporation were Bled with the Secre
tary of State to-day of the Man on:
legrapfa Company of America, with
un authorized capital of $10,000,000, one
half of which i.* prefern i with s
nt non-cumulative dividend.
Th.- companj Is I ■ I to pur.
chase and acquire various Inventions and
patent inected
with the business of communication by
- <•{ wireless telegraphy, and Espe
cially to use •• I patent. The
company hi also empowered to contract
and oj . rate lines for using this invention
over land mwl sea.
The Incorporators are Guglielmo Mir
eon! of London. Isaac L. Rice and August
Belmont of New- York. Clement A
com of Philadelphia and Robert Goodbody
Of Paterson, V J. This company. It is
umlr rptood. hus no connection with the
Tel< phone, Tel< graph and Cable Company
of America, incorporated a short time
ago.
TOOK A SECOND
WIFE FOR MONEY
Odd Marital Relations of
a San Jose Couple.
Fr*vla.l Dispatch to The Qstt,
SAN JOSE. Nov. 22.— A story of a wo
man's duplicity and the casting of her
love on an ingrate was told in Justice
Rosenthal's court this morning by Mrs.
Charles Wilson when she swore to a war
rant charging a man whom she believed
to be her rightful husband with grand
larceny. bile the warrant charging
theft is in the name of Charles Wilson,
the man wanted Is Nick Infantino, a bar
ber, who has been leading a dual life.
Most likely a charge of bigamy will also
be lodged against him.
Infantino has been employed for the
past year by an undo of the same name
in a barber shop at 52 Eldorado street.
About six months ago he met the woman
who is now known as Mrs. Charles Wil
son in Oakland. She was employed as a
domestic there and had saved up a little
over $1000 from her earnings. When In
fantino heard of this bank account he
made desperate love to her. Having a
wife here he went under the name of
Charles Wilson. It now develops that the,
wife was in on the play and encouraged
her husband for 'iii sole purpose of se
curing the money. In July Infantino
married the woman under the name of
Wilson. They came here to reside. From
that moment Infantino tried to get hold
of the woman's money. She refused to
part with it and insisted on their build
ing a little home.
Infantino's first wife was introduced
into the family as Miss Lizzie Stevens, a
cousin. She was a frequent visitor.
Mrs. Wilson furnished the money to buy
a lot at 8 Luther avenue and built a cot
tage there. Mrs Wilson had JfJOO left
with which to make the final payment on
the home.
Yesterday morning Infantino. through
threat of leaving her. made her give him
the $fioo He then went up town. While
Mrs. Wilson was absent during the after
noon Infantino and Miss Stevens, ax his
wife No. 1 was known, went to th« house
and carted away several trunks and boxes
of effects.
The couple then left town on the money
secured. There Is no doubt that Infantino
committed bigamy In marrying the sec
ond time, as "Miss Stevens" was known
about town as Mrs. Infantino. His sec
ond wife he never took out and she knew
him simply an Charles Wilson.
Miss Stevens has also been charged with
being an accessory to the crime of grand
larceny in aiding and abetting Infantino
in securing the Won. Mrs. Wilson refused
to give her maiden name.
TO THROW OUT THE VOTE.
Louisville Election Board Hears the
Arg-ument of Ooebelites.
T.OfISVIIJ.K. Ky . KOT. 22 -Tho Coun
ty Election Board convene.) thi« afterno.-n
an-1 took up the motion to throw nut fhe
whole vote of the i>lty of I.ouisvlll.*. Tho
county vote for (Jovrmnr was announced
as follows: Taylor. 18.445: Ooebel. IS.Ott;
actually a fact that th* Latent Im-
proved. Most Powerful anJ In all
respects the BEST Electric Belt Is
"DR PIERCE'B." and It sells at half
the price asked for the other kind.
We keep rlrht on manufactJrlnr our
Patent Electric Belts and Truase*
and ourlnK people therewith by
scores and hundred* In all ports of
the world. If you want the BbBT
you MIST have "Dr. Pierces." A
word to the wise Is .ufflctent
CTCome and nee us at the office or
send l cents In itampi for "BOOK-
LET NO. 2." PIERCE ELECTRIC
CO.. 620 Market streeet (opp. Palace
Hotel). San Francisco.
Brown, 2672. Taylor's plurality. 23:2
The motion to throw out the vote of
Louisville was then taken up. Jurtga
Hargis was permit •• to read affidavit*
from Mayor Weaver. Chairman Lyons
of the Board of Safety, Chief of Police
Haager, Sheriff Henry P.ell and others
relative to the presence of the mllttta lrt
this city on the day of the election. The-«o
affidavit* state that the presence of tho
militia was uncalled for and that tho
municipal authorities were amply able to
cope with the sltuatlnn on thru nay. The
board adjourned until to-morrow, when
arguments will be heard.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR
\ MEYERS & CO.
GIVE MEN
! LASTING VIGOR
I And Cure the Folio m Ailments:
■ Klda«7 DiiaMtt Phyiieil D«:»y
BUddir Pimm SlupUsiaiit
[ L:r«r Dliuih Dtiyoadiety
; ; Hurt Dlieuti Wirfoai Dibility
t E»in»Dii«MM Oe-nnl Debility
6tom>eh Dlnnu LemfMtmory
'■ 8p«e:»l Dlnnti Blood Paina
PAY WHEN CURED.
OATIENTS MAY DEPOSIT T7JE
■ price of • cure In any San Fran-
clico bank, to b« paid only after th»r
are well, or may pay In monthly Install-
ment*. Prices reasonable.
Thousands of men are cured at home
every year. If you do not live In H*n
Francisco write for free private book,
advice. question list. etc. All corrv-
«pondence confidential. Address DR.
MEYERS * CO.. 731 Market St.. Ban
Francisco. Hour*. 8 to 5 dally. 7 to «
evening*, • to 11 Pnndays.
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
1 '
; Velvet-Grip
; Eye-Glasses.
THEY TAKE HOLD SO FIRM. TRIE AND
steady that there* never a slip, tilt or
( waver, yet to easy that there's never a plncbej
. or son spot. !
I i AH Eastman Kodaks cut 33 1-1 per cent.
i Oculists' prt-Kcrlptlcnfl filled. Quick repairing
> Factory on premises, i'hone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS 'tJrtS*^ Kmm^-
/. « KHOTOb^ ScicMTIFIC 9
642 Market St. iwsTRUHfMTa
. c-o"'Ci» m.un>-i-
l __
I suffered terribly jf^tLy^^.
[ from roaring in my /rT&tli» t
I head during an attack |^f<>^«jt»i|
iof catarrh, and became A^' H^J
, very deaf, used Ely's V j^V
i Cream Balm and In F" %ff
> three weeki» couM hear I
•as well as ever.— A. 2^3«S^V
> E. Newman. Gralln*. #^ V^W*\
i Mlrh rViM— si
I ' Cream balm la placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the roembmne and la absorbed. Re'lef Is
- Immediate and a care follows. It Is not drying
, —does not produce sneeilnr Large stie. »0«;
at dru«Klsts or by irall: trial ft it. 10c. by man.
' ELY BROTHERS. M Warren st.. New York.
; Furniture Buyers
' Call and examine my prices on furniture,
carpets, stoves, etc.. before purchasing els*>
where. You can save fully 10 per cent by buy-
lr» here. Liberal credit extended to all: J->
worth of furniture for fl per week.
i Estimates given on complete bouse furnlah-
| ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stockton and Powell.'
Opp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evenings.
♦ •«••>••♦ — ----ii»«»» > «i i - —
!|
Tran»contl-'»Qt«4 tourists aad tray- I
eler* from all over the United States I
•bow their %f>preelatloa of the axcei* T
| les«e of th* ♦
| PALACE **o \
I GRAND
i ' i
I by making these hotels their beadqoar- '■ "
! ter» while In Fan Francisco. Fourteen ■
| hundred rooms, too with bath*- Itr<r»: i
j i and finest In the world. • i
« JOHN C. KIRK PAT KICK Manager. ■
!*>•»■«■■■♦■•■■■»»««»»»■>»■«»
|S9§IDR. HALL'S HEINVIGORATOR
: iMM TJSi Five hundred r«ward for any
1 fJ caae we cannot cure. This secr«t
f ___• ' wrJjL remedy stops all losses la M
I*l EDn liouri, curt* Emi»»l n». Impo-
fi>Ll aTull tency, Varlcocele. GunorThoe*.
fj?y -In Gleet. Fits. (Strictures. Loat
*^*y_JfeYls Manhood and all wastlns; effect*
' — Tl of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
i staled. U bottle. I bottles. V; guaranteed to 1
cure any caae Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN. J
STITUTE, US Broadway. Oakland. CaL Alsa
Iff aale at vini% Market at., 6. V. All private
■ Ci««a*e a %uickJy curtd. Scad for Irss *<— -CLOSE ON THE HEELS
OF FLEEING REBELS
American Generals Give Aguinaldo
No Chance to Reorganize
His Force.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright,
1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA. Nov. ri— The general opln
xi here to-dny is that An • .1 I 'a army
will never acaln ctme together in any
corsidera'ile force with him in eommind.
The fores under General I^au-ton and
Ger.*»r.il Voutis are following so rapidly on
hie heels Sr.to Uayombong that no limir
ver.t capital can ajrain be established.
<*H.pt:i'.n J^jn^s r. t'astner of the Fourth
InfantTT. with Lowe's scouts, Is making
forcvj rr.orchea through the mountains
trcm San Nicholas northeast. General
V : c. with his tavsJo' and the MacA-
Vrbr*. is noMnc rapidly from Arin^ay
throuph clitlicult parses to Trinidad. They
are rios* on Apulr.aldo's small party. A
Third artv.mce «<i ruling made on tho road
trward Vlpan. on the coast. With Agnin
nldo's personal army dlFposM of the only
!:.!«urpeTit forces left intact are. possibly.
lh« Mefcaodo*. about ICW in number. In
V,\T t ? D " n I ; alns *«? of the railroad; Pio
I J.ar f« ?w men. who are east of Manila
.:i the mountain* near Antlpolo. and Gen
Anatomical Y n T
Lecture rUI \
Thfs«> num.
l^r» t^Jl of a,
dancrivui dtl<-
orjrr. Study
th*m. ; ""-Mtake
No. 1. th«» liver,
whose <3ut>- It
1* to • Iter th*
\- . an<lke«p It
pure. When Ihe
liver becomes
Inactive the
bio od t<eoome»
rent amlnaiM
with potsonn and
dliwsta* irerms.
I! V D T A N
frtrpiipthens til*
llv^r and stimu-
lates It to per*
feet act lvlty.
Next »•* have
No. 2. the
Momach. Pain
In stomach,
I '. U'.'.T'.fZ. IOM Of
ei't-eMte_ all In-
diraie tl.at the
art Inn of the
£!ir»*tlve triand*
lilnt erf ered
with. ■DYAN
• t r e n»tti»in
t h c s « 1 1 t tie
elan<lK. co that
<llte^tlT♦ juices
are m ■ I!<nJ In
». t ::r. !«.:.. » No.
I tnillcates an
eJTenslv« breath
and <v«te<l ton.
«rye. HUDYAN
tr.eures a r*r-
f«rt citfn ion
P '
■
ana an active
J:vfr; thereft-vre the» conditions readily «!ls-
V\> come tf> flrure 4. th* pomplexirii. a pa!*
•■allow or miriaiM :a.c* rails far HUDYAN.
lII'I*VAN or«>ut^s n^'V cheeks, a frer.eral clnw
<'. health. No. «"> denotes j-rllow eye*, and dots
\ »fere eyes. Tfj<*»<» are warnlna; eymptenns, an.l
I lot HUDYAN. F?ir. «— hecdachea and
t EZI ►j"*!li". HIT'YAN ouren pro«nptly. F!r.
?-tn» iimhi. HUOTXK gnT«.n;( v s weaJtn«-Mi.
eT*-.t«-ii t^n-.e ar.d muscle.
ifCDTAN- n'l dniprlst^— Wo a packace. six
P. An** not
ep it. i-r.4 Jir^t to the HUDTAN RKMKHY
o ' . T>rr.< > r KJlls and Market streets.
Fnn rrnr-'-'.^ro, Oal. /, .
COXSCT.T irUDTAN DOCTORS ABOIT
T""n CASB-FItEB OF CHARGE. CALX.
€-n wniTr;.
<S»ra f(T entire frien * Anatomical Lecture
THEY WILL GET IT IN
THE NECK
On Thar.ksirlvlnj? <3aj- from taw-tdff*?9
on tfielr collars, unless the men of Snn
Francisco are tvls>* f-nouch to taJcr their
lln**n to a flrst-c!ass .;ir.<lrv- If yoa
finish on your slilrts. collars and cuffs
nnd hnve th«*m sent home In perfect
condition, bring them to the United
Fiat<*« laundo*. as we guarantee satis-
faction to otir patrons.
United Stato* Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Offic<». 514- Eleventh St
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
en Application.
fcOOKS an » STATIONERY.
IHESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
_»_. : ►»'. Alk>v» pi well.
y^" l KSD STATI'-NERT.
COAL. COKR AND PIO ipo?l.
J C- WILSOX^SCO^^^"^'^
coppn«s.MrTH.
JOPnn? FOX. F.ipt. •I IiI.TTRK Mrr
CW. SMITH. h H p ««»Wn C . "??mras«.
Uk Ml AN!) SALT ATS
JAS BOYES&CO-, ■%'avi
FVUS. '
JS.LOFSTMI TZJSj
IR^N FOUNDERS.
stern FOUNDRY. ?£? £ £«£.
PAPER DEALRR^! "
WILLAMEnE """SPSSSSh.
Minima
E.CRUGHES, tnP a^7T^ a . y .
MAIU'M ' and PkINTR^.
Tcl^S blc PARTRIDGE "• c^™«*
WHITE ASH STEAM »AL.?^ K^"
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at !<. OHKEN
luvkk c(!i.Lii:nu:t>. i» Ui* i>n Coal in tk*
tuka OXQoe mi V*.rC»— iiC M*la atrttt.
FATHER McKINNON
SENT BY THE POPE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— News
comes from Manila that Father
McKlnnon. late of the California
volunteers, who was appointed an
army chaplain and sent out again
to Manila with Archbishop Cha
pelle to assist In pacifying the na
ttvtm and accustoming them to.
American methods. aJso went for
wart! by direction of the Pope In
an Important clerical capacity.
- About the middle of last month,
the following cable message was re
ceived at Manila and published In
the local newspapers there:
"We leave In a few days, his Ho
liness appointing me as coadjutor
under you. Impressions are false.
My letters will precede me and
come direct from Home to you.
Archbishop Ireland Indorsed the
same. President McKinlcy knows
of the present steps being now tak
en by the hierarchy of the church."
The ni.-ss.iKo was read by direc
tion of the Archbishop of Manila, to
whom It was directed In the form
of an encyclical, and the Archbish
op announced that he Intended to
remain In his place In Manila, un
lws silenced. He expressed .1 long-
Ins tor an ending of the rebellion.
era! Trias' force of about 3000 In Cavite
province.
The military problem now facing us
are very <-asy of settlement except In the
case of ii..is, who cannot be eaiuiy sur
rounded. \.i our troops in the north are
Jlyli!, on* the country.
Th««> remarkable marches and cur
rapid advance everywhere are tempora
rily pr«r*trj«ting a litrge percentage of our
men. General Lawion desires extra
troops In order to control every aveiiue of
escape. DIKWIDDIE.
OTIS REPORTS ADVANCES
AND A LATE VICTORY
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— General Otis
to-day cabled the War Department as
follows:
"MANILA. Nov. 22.-D!spatch 21st from
Law ton at Tayug report* Young with
cavalry and Macabebe scouts at Aringay.
with advance i.orth to Hayombong, near
6an Fernando, about to move on the trail
east to Trinidad. Younj? reports a consid
erable Insurgent force moving in that di
rection; Aguinaldo ,ln oharße, is seeking
to cro.«s over to Hayombong.
"J'onions of Lrftwton'a troops now be
ing: pushed through to Tayug with ra- |
Uooa. A battailon of the Twenty-fourth
will Join I^awton to-morrow. Have heard
nothing from Wheaton fur several days.
Mm Arthur is operating west of the rail
road and north of Tartann. The wire
from raiiann Is working. The troops on
the entire railroad line are rationed with
out dltnculty.
"Il>,ilo reports that seven companies of
the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Volunteers
under Dlckman struck the Insurgents
northeast of Jar casualties six wounded.
The enemy left on the Held eighteen
killed. L»ickm;i captured ..-n prison
ers, four one-pound brass field pieces and
several thousand rounds of ammunition.
The Eighteenth Infantry yesterday drove.
the insurgents north on Santa Barbara.
Hughes, with his column, moved north
and west of Santa Barbara. Reports of
results have not yet been received."
The dispatch from General Otis dues not
yet make it appear that the efforts to
capture AKuinaldo and the larger portion
of his army will be successful. The In
tention of General Young to prevent
Agulnahlo reaching Bayombong seems ev
ident, but this seems scarcely probable
now. Some errors have been made in the
transmission of the dispatch. The town
given as Tarlann lt> probably 'Jar: as
the situation of Union's army would in
dicate that he is operating not far from
that place. No alarm is felt regarding
the situation of General Wheat on as he
has been for some time beyond telegraph
ic communication. Operations are pro
gressing in the islands south of Luzon,
as the last portion of the dispatch Indi
cates.
The next move of Importance is to bo
made by General Wheaton. who will go
up the coast by transport to Vlgan at
the mouth of the Aboa River. This will
land his forces far to the north of where
AguinaMo Is supposed to be. the inten
tion L.-InK to cut off his retreat to the
north. rroni the military information
bureau It Is learned that east of the route
Aguinaldo Is taking are mountains In
hat.tte«l by natives wlio are hot friendly
to Aruinaldo and will be likely to attack
nlm If he attempts to cross their terri
tory. The country along the coast is quite
well settled. There are several little
rivers. making harbors, from which it Is
feared Apulnaldo may escape by boat.
General \oung. It Is believed, a watching
these, (smaller ports with a part of his
force.
♦ ■
SOLDIERS ACCUSED OF
WOUNDING THEMSELVES
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.-Self-lnfllcted
wounds are so frequent In the American
army in Luzon that General Otis has been
compelled to issue Instructions directing
that a strung investigation be made In
each case of this character in onior that
proper action may t» taken. The im
mediate effect of these Instructions wan
the Issuance of orders by General Wheel
er, then at Angeles, organizing boards for
the investigation of two cases One of
the boards. consisting of First Lieutenant
OooMdge. First Lieutenant and Assistant
Surgeon K. W. Plnkham and First Lieu
tenant J. C. W elborn, will Investigate the
case of Sergeant D. H. Harr. Company
M of the jftnth Infantry, anianoth^
consisting of Major James Reran First
Lieutenant F. W. « "onn.-ll and First Lieu
tenant B. F. Kohler. Ninth Infantry will
inquire into the case of James A Hart
of Company A of the Ninth Infantry'
The results of the investigation have not
been received at the department.
The Issuance of General Otis' instruc
tion and the organization of the boards
are the results of this communication ad
dressed to the adjutant general of the
Department of the Pacific Coast by the
chief surgeon:
"Self-Inflicted wounds of the hand, and;
occasionally of the feet, claimed to be
accidental, usually occurring on the out
posts, are so frequent that I have the
honor to suggest thnt all such cases be
carefully Investigated by a board of sur
vey :nllar to that called in the cases of
desertion to determine the circumstances
under which they actually occurred. All
these men became disabled for military
duty, with usually a minimum amount of
maiming for civil occupation, and thus
secured their discharges."
AGUINALDO'S FLIGHT
TO THE MOUNTAINS
MANILA. Nov. 22.— General Young re- j
ports that Agulnaldo. with a party of 200, |
Including some women and a few carts,
pasted Arlnguy, on the coast between
Ban Fabl&n and San Fernando, In the i
province of Union, on Friday, November !
17. The general adds that A«ulnaldo j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1899.
THE PRESIDENT TRYING ON GARMENTS OF GOVERNMENT IN THE PHILIPPINES.
"There must simply be a discreet trying on of the garments of government on these naked polities by
executive hands. There can then be a legislative ratification of the one, in each case, which fits. And each case
IS likely to differ considerably from every other." — New York Press.
CUBANS IMPATIENT
AT THE LONG DELAY
General Collazo Asserts That Cubans Will
Not Submit to Diplomatic Cheating.
HAVANA, Nov. 22. — General Collazo In an editorial In the Cubano to-day
cays: "We are only waiting for the decision of the United States Congress,
Upon which depends the decision that Cuba herself will reach. If the language
of the Americana Is not clear the horizon of Cute will darken with tremen
dous protests which will rlso from all parts of the Island. Cubans are re-
Bolved. Their words must not >••■ taken as* mere boastings. They will not
abandon a solitary right. They will not tolerate the calm, diplomatic cheating
of Washington.
"A worthy people cannot tolerate foreign Interference in their private af
fairs, even when that Interference Is In the name of altruism. The Cubans do
not owe the Americans as much now as they formerly did. Perhaps to-mor
row they will have reason to deny that they Awe them anything at all."
protjnbly Intended to strike Inland through
the Hyqua Mountains toward Rayombong.
In the province of Nueva Vlsaya. General
Young, with cavalry and Macabeb«s, is
pursuing the Filipino leader, part of the
American force taking the direction of
San Fernando.
In a fight with Agulnaldo's rear guard
at Arlnpay one Maeabebe was woumle<l
«nd the Insurgents retreated. Their loss
Is unknown. <
The Newport and Tartar have arrived.
WARDNER
PRISONERS
RELEASED
Will Be Tried by State
Courts.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 2J— AU th*
prisoners In the bull pen at Wardner will
be released under bond or on parole atul
will be tried by the State courts when It
Is deemed wise. ,
This la the startling statement made
this morning by Hartlett Sinclair, Aud
itor of the State of Idaho, who arrived
here to-night from Wardner. where with
Governor Steunenberg he has been look
ing Into the situation.
Twenty-four prisoners are all that are
left In the pen, who will be released.
CHARGED WITH ATTEMPT
TO BRIBE A JURY
PIIII^ADEI.PHJA. Nov. 22— Charged
With attempting to Influence the Jury In
the conspiracy and bribery case against
farmer United States District Attorney
K:ry P- Ingham and his law partner,
vey N. Newltt. Thomas ODea Harry
Fairbanks and Ueorgo XV. Pfcffer,
of this c.ty. were arrested to-day by
«t bervice men. Irurhain and Newltt
c convicted In the United States Dia-
L Court of complicity In the famous
revenue stamp counterfeiting oonsplraoy
1 by William M. Jacobs and Wil
liam L. Kendic, of Lanoasiur, Pa. They
are now awaiting sememes.
The three men were arraigned before a
United Btates Commissioner and w»re
committed in default of $6000 bail each
for a further hearing next Friday after
noon.
Little was developed at the hearing.
Burns and Griffith testified to having
made the p treats, and United States Dis
trict Attorney Peck asked that heavy
bail be required, aa In his opinion the
crime of Influencing a Jury was almoxt a
rei'ltal offense. He also sold the Gov
ernment would contend that the defend
arta were iilmply the tools of others.
The overt act. Mr. Beck said consisted
In the fact tJiat on Saturday, October 14,
two of the three defendants had ap
proached the brother-in-law of one of the
Innham and Newltt Jurors with th« re
«jue»t that he Influence the Juror to vote
against conviction. The Juror was to re
ceive $000 and the brother-in-law $400. The
District Attorney asserted that other at
tempt* were made to bribe not only the
juror in question but others. The name
of the juror was not divulged, but as
Isaac W. Gearhart of Robesonia. Pa.
waa the only one of the panel present to-^
day, It war presumed that he waa the
man approached.
Why Evans' P
Because It Is the finest ale In tbc world-*
WILL PUBLISH THE
CHARTER TO-MORROW
To meet the increasing
demands of our subscrib
ers and of those city offi
cials particularly inter
ested in the provisions
of the New Charter, The
Call Will publish that
instrument IN FULL as
a supplement of to-mor
row's issue of (he paper.
In addition there will
be a synopsis containing
the number of office
holders, terms, salaries,
etc.
BRITON INSPECTS
SUBMARINE BOAT
Praises the Workings of
the Holland.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23-^aptaln Charles
L. Ottley, R. N.. naval attache to her
Majesty'e embassy to the I'nlted States,
came from Washington to-day for the
purpose of Inspecting the Holland sub
marine boat In behalf of hla (kjvernment.
He was taken to the bo:it. whl. 1> Is
moored in the Atlantic Yacht Club basin.
In Brooklyn basin, by John R. Iloliaiid,
who explained the workings of the ves
sel to the captain. For more than two
hours Captain Ottley looked over the
boat. He seamed very much Impressed
with what be saw, and when asked
his opinion he said:
"It Is my Intention to rconmmend to
the Board of Admiralty of the British
Government that It immediately con
sider the merits of the Holland, with a
vi.-w of adopting vessels of her type into
the British navy. She Is to my mind the
most formidable type of submarine boat
and has demonstrated that she Is the only
nucceßSful one. The vessel could not
only be used In keeping the harbors and
the coasts free from invading fleets but
with vessels of the Holland type there
would need be no fear of submarine mines
or other obstructions to navigation as
she could destroy them readily. l[
my opinion that there Is no question ihat
the submarine boat has come to stay
and that such boats must be reckoned on
In future naval warfare."
The final preparations for the departure
of the Holland for Washington have been
completed. The vessel will leave her
present moorings on Saturday and go to
Elliabethport, where the pontoons which
are to take her through the canal are
to b« fitted. It Is expected that the boat
will arrive at Washington shortly after
CongreM convene*.
INJURY AT A HAZING
COST HIM HIS LIFE
A Twelve-Year-Old Student Killed by
His Schoolmates.
PRINCETON. N J.. Not. C. Martin V. Berlin, son of Councilman Peter
\. H«>r»rln of this pla» ♦». died to-day from receivlnx a hazing at Lnwrem-fvllle
last Friday nißht. I>«ath was due directly to Inflammation of the bowels.
YomiK Herein was 12 years old and a freshman at LawrOßCOVtilO. He wi.
lng put through the Initiation when one of the haiers accidentally f.t-11 un Mm.
DRIVEN INSANE
BY AN INITIATION
Curly Bears Too Much
for Henry Harrinprton.
Sj>ec:al Dispatch to The 'XII.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. a— As *. result
of undergoing Initiation into the "Curly
Dears," a popular but unauthorized ad
junct of the Native Sons of the Golden
West. Henry Harrington Is Insane. He
has been committed to the Stockton
Asylum by Judge Hughes of this county
after an examination conducted by two
leading physicians.
Harrington followed the occupation of
a miner a few miles from Colfax, Placer
County. Ho -Joined the Native Sons and
was prevailed upon to enter the circle of
the "Curl}' Bears." His initiation took
place at * olfax three weeks ago and It
was provocative of the usual hilarity on
the part of the witnesses. It Is not
known how far the "Bears" went In Im
pressing upon the candidate that he was
a duly accredited member, but they must
havo gone pretty far for Harrington has
been Insane ever since. "They are going
to kill me, they are going to kill me." he
would exclaim In his paroxysms of ter
ror, and the soothing influences of his
#
/j% made suits and X
(Ib I overcoats H
1 I I-V •• ■^^/"■^TV am
1 H (111 *a^B^B^B^B^B^B^IMB^B^Ma^BBBBBB^B^BBB^*^B^^^*^BBBBB^BM^B^B^B^B^HBF I
■S^BLf llbbbbb^^ You know what you pay, but you may no I
iCj-KI know what you get for your money. O't?n you I
■Hlaaf have to depend upon the tailor's word for it that I
i^^^^^^^ your clothes are made right. H
I ' ':V .■-'•;' '■'-"'.*•" B
& We have a reputation to sustain, so we offer you protection ■
■ on all tho clothing we make in addition to our assertion that the ■
■ clothes are properly made. Our protection is: I
fl Money returned if yon want it ; or I
P Snit kept in repair free for one year. I
■ Doing this is what has made our tailoring business so sue- ■
H cessful— see our workroom on the second floor of the Market* ■
■ street store, and you will see how busy we are. ■
■ Samples given freely of our suits and overcoats. M
I S. N. WOOD & CO. I
I 718 Market Street and M
■ Cor. Powell and. Eddy. ■
fellow Native Sons and relatives were of
no avail
To his disordered vision he was being
chased by black cuts and then white OMO,
and all manner of appalling things were
Imminent. The town physicians f.-un.l
themselves, powerless to minister to the
mini! diseased, and so. In the hope that a
change of scene would benefit him he
was brought to Sacramento and lnst-ille.l
In the home of hi* married sister. He
became no better, however, and the other
day attempted to take his own life with
the aid of a hat pin Finally It was de
termined to commit him to fhe asylum
In the hope that expert treatment ralglu
Kpe.-.lily restore his mind.
Harringtons relative* testified at the
examination that after his initiation largx
black and blue marks were foejad on hla
back and prior to that unhappy event he
was of sound mind.
France Lenient With China.
Special CiOtle to The Call and th« New York
Herald. Copyright. 1 >'-•». by James Gordon
liennctt.
PEKING. Nov. - The reparation de
manded from the Tsung LI Yunien by the,
French Minister at Peking for the Kwang
Chow outrage Is very Inadequate and
displays feebleness upon the part of
France.
» m ■
Self respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
Loving Cup for Schley.
NEW TORK, NOW. 22 —A solid silver
loving-cup was received at Tompklnsville
to-day for Rear Admiral Wlnfleld Scott
Schley. It came from the citizens of St.
Louis and was sent out to the admiral's
flagship, the Chicago, which Is lying off
the Government anchorage.
DB. KILMERS SWAMP BOOT.
Perhaps Yonr Trouble
Is Chronic
Kidney Disease.
Often Difficult to Determine and Likely
to Deceive the Best Physicians.
It la always best to be on the safe
side.
Th^re are many different way* In
which kidney trou»:-'
Boom of its m«"«t oomaaoa symptoms
are often mistak.-n for ..:h,- r dtaeajee.
' then Masea, but
being brought af.out by k
ranßenifiit, th^ oaly way B0 Cttra them
h to first . f the kidney trou-
ble.
The Indefinite symptoms which go
with kidney derangement are a sense
<•( general lassitude and Indisposition,
weakness, sickness and depret>^ion.
Headache, backache and pains In the
Joints and limbs. Irregular heart; sto-
mach derangement, vomiting, nervous-
ness, restlessness, sleeplessness, are
also indications of diseased kidney pol-
Sun in the blood.
Whenever jroa feel "under the
waathir** it i» a tr'«id plan to tak*» a
few dooca of -
When any of the symptoms described
above show that your kidneys nre sick
and your system needs bracing.
Swamp-Root will afford prompt relief
and cure the moat chronic and compli-
cated ca.s.-H.
Swamp-Root Is used In the leading
hospitals; recommended by -killful
physicians In their private practice,
and Is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney aliments, because they rec-
ognize in it the greatest and most. suc-
cessful remedy for kidney and bladder
troubles.
To prove what Swamp-Root will do
for you every reader of the San Fran-
cisco Dally fall who will send their
name and address to Dr. Kilmer is. Co..
Htnghamton, N. V . will be sent imme-
diately, free by mall, a sample bottle
of Swamp-Root and a book containing
some of th* thousands upon thousands
of testimonial letters received from
sufferers cured. Be sure and mention
r--a.llnp this R»-nerous offer in th- San
Francisco Daily Call.
The ranter rtfty-c#»nt ant] nne-dollar
e\ze bottles of Swamp- Root are for sale
at all ilruir stares.
What Do You
Think of
This Company?
What Our Well Drillers
Think of It.
nAKERSFIELD. Cnl.. Nor. 14. ISM.
I'etroleum Center Oil Co.. room 3.
Mills bulMlnr. San Francisco— Ontle- Q
men: The lumber for derrtck and th»
timber for ric will b« p!.i--»-i on th»
■round to-day for well, ani w# expect
to commence drlllinic before tha last of
next week: will notify you an I will ke«p
you fully lnforme<l as to BUM
on drtlllnir w»||-» we woul<l like th»
prtrtleice of taklnic part stock at prr*. [
ent price of stock In payment for -II-
Inc. If this proposal meets with ynur
approbation write us at one*, Tours I
very resp*ctfu!ly, i
1 M F. DUTANT A CO. !
What we think la that IV- shares will
last only a few days more. '
PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO..
29 MILLS BUILPI.N'O. THIRD rtOOB.
Send for map prospectus and other In-
formation.
VICHY I
"'■*■■ —
j ESSiEB-
♦ n Natural Mineral Water]
♦ nSL known 'or centuries and.*
IwHt imported q
i £r&\ ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
0 aTKaSam For D '3order3d Stcm*«h ♦
♦ Mmt And Indigestioa °
? ffff?S»t» Tolua has been teet|.«o
OV* *t3 f "" d to by thousands. ♦
A VICHY '■ So-cnlled Vichy la Sy. ?
* EO&4. Is NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ 'H^gT^ Get the Genuine. J
? Wf&ti£*& Tour Physician ~>
♦ dnSff»l wIIJ recommend It. ♦
% Qjaiiyi TI9NIIB. OratriHUsf Ag-«it °
♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦O* ©♦©♦© ♦©♦©♦©•
FOR SALE!
■M acres of choke (rain land In Cbtaea,
County, five miles east of Arbuckl*. Th* land
la all reclaimed and absolutely protected by
lndepend«nt leveea from flood waters. The
yield (or th« past aetwon was over It sack* of
wheat per acre.
Improvements consist of a fin* two-story
dwelling with hot and rod! water throughout,
three large barn* and wells.
The land 1* assessed for 561.0C0. The Improve.
ni*nta are Insured for $13.30>.
For further Information apply to I
J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY.
Montgomery and California Ste>. San Franelsctn.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
Quo XOT DESPAIR ! DonotSnf.
fer Longer! Tb« Jot« and ambition* cf
life ran b« restored to yon. Th« wry
■urtteaaeanf >>rvoa* Debility »r.
>bwlatrlir .-ire.i by PEKFErru
T A II I. rT«. >i 1 »• promptreliif to l"
«.»mni» falling memory and th. »«.r-
*i«d drain of »it*l powers. lncarr»J by
lnili»rr«tl»n»or «»re»a»« of early year*.
Impart Tljror and potency to *»«ry fun
tion. Brae* tt>e lyttem. O1t» ya^aw bloora to ih*
r h»«k« and tuatre to the eye* of f^r7\ Tuuac or o.j.
(>n< V)i- box rrn»«i Tltal energy t^ If Mm boiee at
$?. a complete % aarantped nirfnQVjr gqoo«t re-
funded. Can be. earrled In vest >*«mX av<ket. Beld
everywhere, or mailed la plain wrapper oa receipt oj
pric. by TUB rinmio Co.. hum iu t ., uu.f*. iti.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 6. F. and Oa.i!ai>4.
-— ;
j^^^flP^^afaetaT "'• • *■ • eoa-pcttaenja^
*'^Hll"^^^^BiTl '*">*lF for Ooaorrh>aav
I !i EA -«BJ Gleet. 3p«raat ofo f r bja,
afaTA^'a 'la & «ay«.^B 'bit-*, ID natural it*.
AW aufUM] VJ ch»rt-«, or any laflaoiae*
■•»■ as* id a»t»Mra. "7 tioa. IxrltaUoa or ak«ra«
j> «lPrsTtata s»a4sn«a. tioa of bicoii mesa-
rH tEnm CHlMtCitCft traaea, Noo-««trtn<saU
V(Hkc!>«CiiMTI.O.BHI Vo ' - "7" 7 «»r»«»;»at*.
A^T "". * B^T° r WDt la D ** in *raap«sv
Wi^l •?m:vrr^:sx i wi J ir
v ■ Clrcoiax eeM a* rural.
>fRY OEWEY.STRQNG &CO.^7V
f J
>^33 0 MARKET ST. SI. "^Sn^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
greet Mexican remedy: give* health and
•trcogtb to Mxuai organ*. V<?mi, XZi Maraiu
34
Tl/esh \
* i
ROSORMONDE
BEATEN BY
LOS MEDANOS
One of the Surpriss of the
Racing at Oakland — Fa
vorites' Day.
Aristocratically hr»*«i R>s>>rmond<» is Fln
gularly unfortunate in being defeated
while hold at short odds In the betting.
»;ame ar.<l willing to do all that her lim-
Jt«-d proportion* will jK-rmit. the handsome
niaro 1% continually striking a snag. Yes
t.-rday she m«u Ix>s Medano* In a seven
furlong run. with I'na Colorado the only
Other contender, and the ring had her a
1 in 2 chajjee. It wi< generally supposed
that 1-on Medanos would be ail at pc.i In
the Bioshy coin*; rtlll the Baldwin entry
did not lack friends, who snapped up aM
the 2 to 1 laid about her. Tommy Burns
h.id the mount on Kas.irmonoV and at the
Mart immediately wmt out to make the
j>acv. Songer, astride Me«'.anos. wa* never
mor«* than a length behind, and an the
j-tri-n-h *at- ir;u-'iet] hau the> mare bv.Uen.
She fought It »>ut t<» the wire, losinn the
\«r.llft Ij> a ncrk. but this distance could
have been lengthened had t?.:iser so de
clred. Una Colorado ilt-.tohed thirty
i»*ncthis l>ehind.
The book? laid away very little coin, as
the other nve ftirlonjc backed ones all
topped over the hon-.e i>!a.:e in advance
of thfir fields.
Pat Morrlssey dittlnguished himself by
running circles arounJ Sly nnd Pence in
the rlx and a half furlong Jaur.t. A 1 .0 2
vliolc^. ho won fiii«ed to a walk. Peace
l-.a« an Eastern reputation that entitles
her to consideration, but quite evidently
•iocs not like a muddy track.
Even money looked more than a fa!r
price against Fatsuma U: the betting on
th« mile run. and the bald-faced horre
v;i* rf turned Hti easy winner with Eddie
Jones up. Fan Venado led lnt^ the stre'eh.
when lie was gradually overhauled and
passed. The mell-Vacked FestOSO ran
ihird. behind t'.ie Baldwin entry. Imp.
Mirtral wns the only other Marter.
Charley Thor;»e landed the opening six
furlong sprint with Alaska, which geldtng
ruled «*ui!»l Javorite with Major Cook.
In the run to tl.c wire Sar.tello came from
away back, beating Cook a nose lor sec
ond plai <*.
Osxlrr Joe disappointed his admirer? In
i*ie r^even furlong run. third on the card.
He opened equal choice in the bettinn «'th
• ....•'■•. but receded, and was downed in
v walk \>\ th» Burns & Waterhouso hor.«e.
Tommy Burns rode the winner. Rin^
nsasvr dropped lato the show.
Mcst of the smat| money went In on
Hlph Hoe to the six furlong dnsh
lollowinc. and the mar» won from the
Jump. Klarr.away disposed of Dare for
the race.
To-Day's Entries.
Flrrt rare— 6>\-en furtonps; »• Hag; three- .
l-Mr-oMa and upward:
:« .«t. AiKnnn 1«:| r.l Schanken t?
:3«. RoMßon IC3 r.J fna Colorado.... 1^
;<T Teap« 11^ STT Schiller 191
Second race— Five furloncs; two-year-olds:
... Tomal»* 105] 113 Miss MorreU....lSS
... Vn «'a!eau 1>« ; v Mi.rtraxe lOi j
... I'urk y 10> TO P.rJ Cherrj- Ill;
I«fi n«-K. Hughes 1M ... Preadnauitht ...105
... I«!xr<* l.'ing ZSZ' ... Ca^«ar Youn(...loS :
... Haiti* V.x IDS ... F. W. 8r.^1e....1iS !
:v> )l»-rru!»'an 105! 31 Fine Shot 10S
... IVI Vista IX.
T1.:r.l rac^— fix '••:•- tfcree-y^ar-clds and
toward:
... Ml«« SoaU ire S.VI Whalehack 10T
... Al'.tvUte 112 1« Iki&rdrian ls>i
S» HaJi.'ta 11 ... MUi Marlcn 1?T
Fourth rap»« — Mile md a ....
thr«-*-year-i>ldi« an.l upward:
I*S Aflaia Andrew..:: 1"^ Me«4owthorp« ..106
Til ■ « Sal IM iSOMtnu* 101
<SljJu4Ee WcfTord.. SS HI Lavator i%
:i« n>» Uaoa *« Jii Jennie Reia «
:iT T'-ra M' SOS Ca*take 101
Fjrt!' r» «»- Futurity <"our»»; tw.-v->^ar-olds:
U* I>rulise!«i« l^J 14* Expedient 13J
CZSSlPrlaenai ZeUia-.1li 1 ' 2Ji Southern Gir1.. .110
... Winly Jim. it' IMGrarUa 1«
S!»th n»r«»-8lt rurlur.|f». selling;: thre«-year
o;4» and .;»..::
:::>4 Rir.jrmastrr i:il r.« Whit* F«m.._.. M
Hi Vike Rice UII J«5 Horton »
SM Lju Hey W, ... Ulm „ ..1.4
ITS The Mill-r Ml
Selections for To-Day.
rir»l m. * -6c harden, fna Colorado, S-hlller.
S»o>n3 rao«— Mort«ace. F. W. Brode. Re<J
Cherrj-.
Tl.irl ra-e—Mlss Marlon. Dallsta. Alleviate.
I'iurth •:. •• -3 -.>-.;«:, J«-noie Re! 4, Juflje
W^fToid.
Firth rar*— Southern Girl. aceea 7eika.
Jim
Sisth rai-«— Horton, Lea Rey. Mike Rlc*.
Track Notes.
The hand-book folks laid 24 to 1 against
Hrtsormonde, Pat Morrtsacy and Satsuma
in corhbination? and the defeat of th.-
Jlrst .- 1 ::...; mare came as welcome news
Eddie Jones and Thorpe each piloted a
brace of winner*.
J«>e Plggott raade his reappearance in
the FacidK rtdlr.g Mistral II In the mile
run.
Peace *.s a very pouting b!t of equine
J fmsnlr.it y. A big gray hor?e accompanies
her to and from the paddock to ke*p the
daughter of Midlothian from fretting un
til uo»t tim« arrives.
The Baldwin hurnes are Ehowlng im
rrove<s fcrm of late and the black with
red rr.a!te.«e cr<>s» max again become a
st ror.c factor in racing.
Madisor. Square Horse Sales.
NEW YORK., Nov. 22— The Faslg-Tlp
ton h..r»c sale opened this morning In
Madison Souar* with the ottering ofnhe
famous Allertan trotters. The foiiowinr
t*.< « were recorded:
Keller. ::KVi, br. 0.. IJM. AJlerton-Ml»» !
France, coui^tefl bjr C TV. V. *:;.» «iaJ«a
bur*. 111.. »<j:3 ta Carl IV Burr or Comznack. j
L. I.; tCCO. •
UDchA. !.», b. f.. tß7.' E>ree. con«t»n«<J by
IV WUllatr.t. »oia to Matt riwyer. N'e»-
York: 130! 0.
Jart. no t^crrd. br. c. IS»S. All*rlon-El«r»*.
con»lrncd ty C. W. WllMaira, »eld to O. O
W»lsm. ]'.»■••:.:». |y»0.
Flora MrOreror. nn roeord. eh. m.. IW7.
Jlob#rt MoOT-er^r-Bella. MMI«M4 by O. W.
Villlais^. *o:a to M. I»wy»r. New Tork; KOOft
Ma<lona, no record, b. f.. IW. Allertnn-L.ucy
TVUton. con«!rn«-<l Lx C. W. William*, wld to
r:**r*. I.;:hT. rt"7.lv'.ll». Mm»y • tttO
if TRADEMARK V
SIAINJ
The FINEST GIN
Imported.
especially Adapted for family Ive
And Medicinal Purposes.
IN URGE SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES.
Annexed Trade Mark Appears on
Cap and is Blown in on Shoulder.
•<-'.a by Grocer* and X>ealera.
B»»-u« of FlUed-Up Settles.
CHARM* MEINCCKE * CO..
••!■ Afir.u. 114 fiacrancste Street. B. T.
Sporting EVents From All Over the World.
LAST DAYS
ON LEAGUE
DIAMONDS
This Week Will Bring the
Wind-Up ol the
Season.
The baseball season of 1839. as far as
league games are concerned, will come to
an end on Saturday afternoon, when Sac
ramento meets Santa Cruz at the capital
city and San Francisco the Dudes .• Rec
reation Grounds. Starting out with a six
club league, the mangement decided about
three months ago to cut San Jose and
Watsonyllla out of the race, leaving Sac
ramento, San Francisco, Oakland and
Santa Cruz to finish the most successful
baseball reason on this coast Mnce the
halcy.-n days when the llalght-street
trruu:m> wt-re packed with enthusiastic
crowds twice and sometimes three timed
v. week.
The foundation for a renewal of the old
time spirit has been ... and it will rest
largely wiih the : tent promoters
whether or not a strong superstructure
of baseball Interest can be builded upon
it. Many plans aro running through the
minds of the California League officers for
next season. In all. likelihood there will
bo anotlK r Fix-club league, Stockton and
pome other city— possibly Va'.lejo— repre-
Bentlak the additional two. The grounds,
with tiie position cf the grand stand, will
!>«» changed and a general overhauling of
.all accommodations will be made during
the winter.
The teams will wind up the season's
work in the following order: Sacramento.
San Francisco, Oakland and Santa Cruz.
By far the best playing throughout the
*.oason has been done by the Senators.
who started the year at the tail end and
forged to the front steadily, until about
four months ago they reached the top of
the ladder, and there they have remained
ever since, with the single exception of
one week, when the local team enjoyed a
brief leading spell. Oakland has 'been
hovering between third and fourth place
for two months, but now seems settled In
the rank above Santa Cruz.
The standing of the teams is as follows:
Per
Played. Won. Cent.
Sacramento «8 43 .57(5
San Francisco S5 +4 .517
Oakland v? 41 .400
Santa Cruz SO 23 .437
After the season is closed there will be
a serii-s of games between the California
player? who have returned from the East
ar.d the le.ijrue teams. A game was sched
uled between the California Eastern team
and Sacramento for Thanksgiving day.
but there is now tome doubt whether
these two teams will play. Hughe who
whs to twirl for the Easterners, will not
be found in the box, Johnson or Knell
filling his place. Sacramtnto claims that
it cannot come to this city on Thanks
giving day. as It has a game with a local
team at that time. But if the Eastern
r.in« Is organized San Francisco will prob
ably be its opponent on • November 30.
There seems to be come difficulty in get
ting the EaMern leasuers together, but
Van Haltren and McDonald are working
at it earnestly and have no doubt of cer
tain success.
FOOTBALL RALLY.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 22.—
Football enthusiasm to-night reached
fev»r h«^at at Stanford, a monitor rally
brln^ hr!d in the Enrlnal Club rooms.
Kx-\ amity Captains Fickert and Cotton
have bten added to the coaching forces
and a sn. result to-ni phi's practice game
wus the heft this season. To-morrow the
team appears before the students for the
last time before th" bis game, as thfey
>aye for Del Monte, where the remainder
of the time will be given to secret prac
tice.
The dispute over the amateur standing
of EJIls. the California quarterback. Is
still unf»»ttled. ax Manasrer Berry refuses
to lift the ban under which the amateur
athletic committee placed him. The mat
ter is now in the hands of th»* Intercol
legiate Athletic committee, which meet*
in Berkeley to-morrow to settle the dis
pute.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, November 22, 1899.—Thirty-
Ninth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
flue. Track '.'?: ■'■'•■'-'-.'
JOS. A. MURPHY— Presiding Judge. J B. FERQUSOX— Starter.
«» — O TIKST RACE- Six furloti«s: »elllns: three-year-olds and upwart; pur»*. POO.
j ~ j Batting .
Index. Horse. Are. Weight St. Hm. Mm. \m. Sir. Fin. 1 Jockeys. Op. O.
:
«D Alsska 4 IDS! 3 ... IS 11 1» 1^ Thorpe , 2 2
... Santello. 3 117; I ... «2 84 41 * n .» i Carter ,J -
Ml Major Cook, « 108 I ... 2 2 »1 I'i 3 11 ji-encer , 8-6 2
::s h.rence Fir.k. l.!..ll« * ... Ib II II 4 10 Mom 30 »
; . . ... 4h 4 1 II • . W Sana*!.. < 13
M Hero. J 114; ; ... 7 7 6 10 « 30 M Bergen ... 15 M
M Com' 1 Traveler. 4... 112, 1 ... 5 8 (I 7 7 £ tnf - le3r *5
£1 The Offerlmr. j IMJ Left ••• jg. ■*<>"" _» 7
Tim—- H K4- H :i2- % 1:19. Good start except The Offering Won easily. Second
and third driving Winner. J. S. Gibson's oh g.. by Fellowcharm-Slster to Ruth Ryan.
The going Just suited Alaska, which ha* bad shoulder*. Santello. ridden all over the
track, made up a vast amount of lost ground the last quarter. Tourist stopped.
4> — « > -vfn furlongs; ail ages, purse, 1360.
«> r> o •
I : Betting.
Ir.dex. Horse. A«e. Wdcbt .<t. \m. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jrw-krys. 'Op Cl.
• •
Id Lcs Medanos. 3 10$, 2 2 4 2 6 ' 2 10 Ik in Sonser »-£ »-5
rC3 Ro.ormonde. 4 110 1 -II 11 m »» 2 30 i Burn. 1-2 1-3
ZZ9 Una Colorado, a... .107| 3 3 3 3 8 3 ,T. Walsh.. .JO M
Tlnje—^~Hm: V :J8: S. 1:04: T4. 1:10%. Good ctart. Won all dr!\1r.g Winner. E. J.
DaJdwln's br c. by Imp. Chestarfleld-Janova.
Los Medar.os always had the footing over he mar*. Colorado away poorly.
«»— < . H1KD RACE-S«ven furlon«»; tnree-y»ar-old» aud upward: pur»«. I3J0.
j ~ ~ I Betting.
Index. Hort-e. Ap Weight., St. Km. Hm. Km. Sir. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
. CO Oaunlli 1 101 1 II 13 II 13 13 !t. Burns 7-5 »-5
329 Ostler Joe. 5 107 4 In 34 24 26 28' Songer 7-5 »-5
24! Rlnjrni»*t«r I 1&4* ! IH 4b 44 44 II Henry 12 M
l:r, Knotf-nal S 99 1 4 11 21 32 3b 46 T.Walsh 20 SO
r:« raid a 4 10S 7 4 1 66 £4 51 515 Bullman ' 5 5
550 White Kern. 3 Hi 61 Eh 64 61 68 . IJ. Martin , M 41
SOS Sylvan Ijt?». 3 ltcj « 7 " 7 t__ ' I jRomen) 60 73
Time— »». :U4; 1i. :S7'«; H. 1:05; I l:30'i. Good start. Won ea»!ly. Secondhand third
driving. Winner, Burn* & Waterhouse's ch. c, by Imp. Cavalier-Her«chel.
Reeult never lookM In doubt. Ponger rode a slovenly race on Joe. Torsida could not
utitrark herself In the c< Ire.
Scratched- Adam Andrew 107. Lomo 104.
« » — — 1 :. . . : i.A r s.x furlong*; selling. tlirre->ear-oldi and upward: purse. WOO.
■
l!.!-x H< :t» Ak» W>!|fh; St. Um. •tin. \m. Ptr. Fin. | Jockey*.
•;« Hlph He*. 4 105 3 ... 11 II 12 1 3 E. Jones I 11-5
3S Flamanay. 3 l!*j 4 ... 2 1 2 1 2: IV W. Xarvae*... « 7
r.S Dare II, 5 Ill 6 .... : 6 1 4 >., 3 1 T. Burns 5-3 7-2
ZZi Oolore. i 103 1 1 ... SI 14 Ih 42 Thorpe 10 15
ill) Bacllae. 4 10* ■ ... Ch. 7 6 3 6 3 Joe Weber.... 23 10
141 Inabtlle. a 109 5 ... * 4 1 61 7 II Bullman 6 S
3:J Torlbio. 4 US' 2 ... 3h 4 h 5 b 7 Pin M 15 10
304 Whalebark. 3....,...l'->4! Left ... ... Sooger | 4 7
Tttr' . :KH: H. ••tm: ?i. Islfti °oo<l »tart except Whaleback. Won handily. Second
and third driving. Winner, U. Lees' b. m., by Himyar- Janet.
High >!■•» ready money lay. Kl am a way ran a nice race Dare finished well. Isabella
•topped; the was well played.
Scratched— <lood Hope 104.
«> — f* FIFTH RACG- Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward- purse
t>V>« J4D0. . , • '
Index. Horse. Ajre. Weight., St. «jm. ,H«>.' ,%m. Btr. ' Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl!
C«f> Pat Morrlf»ey. 5....10S 1 12 1215 18 110 Thorpe 71 Tl
331 Sir 6 106 I 3 3 22 26 215 .Bu'.lnian 3 16-5
... Peace. 4 104 1 1 2H 213 3 I Songer ..'. ' 4 6
Time— 1-16. :tr7; i-16, :31; 9-16. :67: 6Hf. V.UK. Poor start. Won easing up. Second ea»-
lly. Winner. Burns A Watcrhouse's b. g.. by Lord Cllfton-Tennle B.
llort;s»i-y spn-adeagled his company. Peace ran In bar plates. .
orr^r- SIXTH RACE— One mile, three-year-olds and upward, purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Ace. Wetjtht.'st. %m. %m. %m. Btr. Fin. ] Jockeys. Op^'cil
(S4J) Satsuma. a 112 1 33 4 .24 35 1 1H IE. Jones 4T3 l
... San Venado. • 197 2 l«t 11 12. 1H 110 Songer .... ' I «-a
:«6 Festoso. 3 .95 4 3 1 ; .2.H. 12 120 3 100 [Ranch 6-2 7-1
... Imp. Mlttral II. 6.. 110 3 4" 3H 4 4 4 .PlKgott 8 1$
Time— 1 ;, :2CH; H. H%: K. 1 .15: mile. 1:4SH Good start Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Dr. H. K. Rowell's Ok h., by Macduff-Albertha. lra
• . Sat(,unja responded when called en.. Ban Venado Jiad worked well and ran a •well race
A runaway during a morning gallop took the edge off -Festo»o. - Mistral cc«?arrt "untrack
himself.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIITRSDAY. NOVEMBER 23. ISO!*.
CHARLES LONG WILL REFEREE
NATIONAL CLUB BOUTS
r> HARLBfI LONO was polected last night by DOSen A I Nelll and George Qnm
as refer-.- for their bOttl at | !s Pavilion to-morrow night. The rival
1^ boxers met and each submit to-! s USI of names of men who would be accept
able. When they were B mpared it was found thut no name appeared on
m*. To avoid a deadlock each man selected the name of the person he
.S;irly desired to act as referee. A coin was then tossed and Neill won.
ng Charles Long for the important position. Had Oreen won he would have
named "Jack" Welch.
The betting remained unchanged yesterday. Nelll being favorite at 10 to 8. He
was also most favored In the mutuals, of the 15S tickets sold 93 being on him and
65 on Oreen.
The preliminary between Maxwell and Turner Is expected to prove an inter-
L Turner was com in oompetttlon here but once when he displayed
high-class form in a bout with Jimmy R< :!i> Ifaxwell'S BUppeiters apparently
like his as the <. iterday In the betting.
IfeVKWeU opened at 10 to 9, but the odds went to li> to 8 yesteniay
EDMONDS IS
A WINNER AT
UNION PARK
The Wcll-KnownLeashman's
Morning Glory Gipturcs
the Midweek Stake.
"Jim" Edmonds, a coursing man. whose
name Is known wherever greyhounds are
k.-pt in California, had the pleasure yes
terday of leading Morning Glory, the pick
of his kemu-ls. OS Union Park fleld the
winner of the midweek stake. She ran
consistently and gamely throughout the
day. disposing of Torment, Belle S«ward,
alter ■ "no go"; Aeneas. Shootover, Sil
ver Lyon. wtiich she beat pointless, and
linally Pat Rellly In the ail-important de
cisive course to determine possession 01
first money.
tfilvt-i Lyon; the Texas dog, ran we., un
til he ir.et Morning Glory, to whom he
succumbed. Sweet Mu^ic had a severe
course with Martha Washington, giving
The I -m a bye. This did him but little
good, at the course •>'■••■'. so severe he
was withdrawn in the next round. The
coursing throughout the day wad excel
lent, there being few upsets of public
form. The detailed results of the cours
lnp. with the oiticlal 6core in each course,
follow:
j O'Dowd's Shootover beat George Lahnsen'f
Myntlc «— 2; P. Heron's Fair i .») a bye.
Rienil' withdrawn; R. L. Taylor's Winning-
Lassie 1-eat E. Baumeister's War Cloud, s—o;
! H reruns' Lady l>avenporl beat J. Flti
»!tr.Tnor.s' JVaceful Olen. S— <>; Aeneid KennHs'
Aer«»aij U-Ht W. H. Jjr.es" Prince Jerc»nie. S— 2;
A L Austin's Firm Foe beat J. H. Hurley's
Star of Cuba. 21—15; J. .•: Perigo's Belle Sew
ard tvat ar^m* Lihosen'i Fireball, lv— 4: J.
J Edmonds' Morning GlorT beat R. L. Tay
lor's Torment. ;-<>; K. M. Kell » Lad: Gil
more b*at W. li. Jone!>' Lady Marlon. 14—3:
Curtia & Son's McKlnley beat Mnher & Reids
Singleton. 6—l; J. I. O" Brian's statesman beat
\V. J. ■mine's Mountain Helle, li>— 7; E.
Eratt'a Vigilant beat J. D. Card'.nall's Thorn
hilt Comet. s—:; ... "in A. Lyons' Silver Lyon
beat Herxog- & Davidson's Said Pasha, 13—3;
i Byrnes* Battleship beat R. L. Taylor's
Rowdy Boy 6—4; F. A. McComb's Miss Sky
rocket bvat Kelly & Han'.y'* Ba.by Kins. S-2:
Pa*ha Kenntls' Rai>lJ Addition tat Lande i
Ge-ber's Concord, IS— «; P. C. Bllck's Fedora
beat J Byrne?' elite B. 11-6; P. J. McCabe's
Sky Blue beat Pa»ha Kennels' May Hempstead.
14_10- Maher & Reld'g Pat Retlly beat P. Ker
win's La.lv Garnet. 7-0: J M loney •< Silent
Treasure beat E. F. Frank's Black Paul J5
l"»- Murphy & Toland's Ornament beat Pasha
Kennels' Sylvia. 7—B; Curtis St Son's The Fram
beat P J. R*my« D*wn. It -IS; R. P. Julian*
Sweet Music beat J. Ryan's Small Hope *—
P Hentn's Martha WashlnKton a bye. Nancy
R* wlt^drawn; J. Ronn'.nx'* Geraldlne beat
cterl i Knowles' Frosty Morn. «•— l2; Curtis
& Sens Vanity Fair beat I. F. Halton's Tic
Tac 16-0- Dr. A. T. Leonard's Master Law
rence brat ,- r - . Kennels' Pretender. *2-9;
J. O*Dowd'a Clifton I lea beat Ki. A Trant s
Eclipse 7 2.
Second rnund-Ehootover beat Fair Play. 37—
IS Lady Davenport beat Winnlntr lassie. «> -
-•'Aereas b^at Firm Foe. 3—l: Morning Glory
{-at Belle Seward, 2-2, 7-1; McKlnley beat
-"*?*' i?, llmor *- 9 -": Statesman beat Vigilant.
:: ; b }} vt ' Lvon beat Battleship. 4—l; Mis»
*«.*£" t.eat Hapid Addition. IS-6; Fedora
beat Sky Blue. lr-l; Pat uglily beat Silent
lr^asur»> 4-«. The Fram beat Ornament. IS-9;
vT^t. lUBl U8 . lc hfat Martha Washington. 17—
\anny Fair boat Orardlne. li>-2; Clifton Lass
T» l . aftC ' r Uikmice, 5-1.
Jiiir.i round— Shootover beat Lady Davenport,
w V S?^2L lne Gl " ry beat Aeneas. 3-1; McKin
kL. il Matesi »an, I — BilYer Lyon beat Mis*
fc^k> rocket. 4-2; Pat Rellly beat Fedorn. 6-0;
v»«u i' :i , a b} "- Swert Music withdrawn;
Vanity lair t^t Clltto,, ! u»«. 3-2.
tourt i Morning Glory bt>at Shootover.
n7m t '"\ er L >'' vt > »>eat MeKlnley, 6-5; Pat
ReUly a bye. The Fram drawn. Vanity Fair a
ft *?.**,s f°« r ' <S r ilornln « Glory beat Silver Lyon.
4 "^/ P" Hellly beat Vanity Fair, C— 4.
Pal Keiily |_ 3 Edmond9> Morning Glory beat
UNION PARK STAKES.
The two stakes at Union Courting Park
this week attracted a total of 12S entries.
ur these fifty-two are In the puppy stake
f.n™ - J' ent £"* lx In the open stake - The
prizes In the latter arc: To the winner,
iS& r H nner - P. »75; third. *c 3; two at id
t t'i i' c a J ***• ulne « * xi and nineteen
at »iv. in the | ippy t*k« the winner will
recei\e JW; runner-up. $30; two at 00 each.
$2 50* ' SiX at n W and lhlrt^n at
i,S? en stake. 76 dog»— Btrtrla Brothers* Barf
Belle vs. J. Sheridan's Foiest Queen; T. J.
m ? n. Ro "' of Tra l*« v » Hall a: Newell's
Rough Rider; Krwln A Lyons' May Queen vs.
- . -tre. J K_>n::eJ> s Night
lime \s. Maher & Reids Onward; J. F Finn's
Johnny F vs. D. J. Heaiey'a Maori La: I J.
J. tdmonds Morning OJory v». a. J. Kempt
signal; J. Holden's Scottish Chief vs. bUrl A
Knowles O'Hara; Curtis & Sons Beacon vs.
J. Dennis' The Devil; Hail * Newell' • Suno
ti^u*' - ' A 1 Austin s Firm Foe; P. J. Nolte's
i. i ln?l n ?- Arll **» va - J J- Croains Thornhlil;
Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs. H H. Gray's
;i cr i°c ell . c; H U Taylors Beauty Spot vs. Cur.
U? * Son » Vanity Fair; F. A. •mb'a Royal
Hush vs. j. Collins' Matchless: J. Ivan's
Gladiator vg. T. J. ronlna Wild Tralee; Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. -• -I A Knowles'
' .Mist; J lining D»nip?«y Lass vs J.
Sh«rlJan'« Fort-st King; E. Haumelster's War
rior vs p. j. Kellly's Plow Boy; Conneli
Mrothers tenorlta vs. J. L Ross' Just Tip;
Handy A Smith's VICUM Queen vs H II
1^ 8 "ona; Curtis * Sen's Commodore vs.
LJ r-vatt s Vigilant; D. Chella's Golden Rus
set vs. Curtis i Sons McKlniey; F. Mor&a'i
tal^ Flatterer rs. P. J. Rrtljy, Dawn; Con
5e1.1..8lS e1 .1.. 8l^ :k ? r *' Maaile H*o*ant vs. Maher &
Reids Lncle Fuller- George Uihusen's Fireball
Vs ", . V, ° hiUlton l Dolly Vaniea; Pasha Ken
nels Emln Pasha v«. M&her 4 Reids Single
ton; Cartels Rrothera' Macs Melody \ * E. M
KelioKK'B l^ady Gllmore; Handy & Smith's
Jennie Wilson vs. Paste Kennels' May Hemp
stead; E. Mulcacttr'a Laiii o" Qowne va J
Ivan's Qallant; J. mack's Halrbraln vs!
J. I. O nrien's Statesman: Dr. Leonard's Ma*,
ter Lawrenc* vs. Russell. Allen A Wilson's
Master Clalr; J. H. Harrison'* Hot Haate vs
F. Burns' Lafayette; Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend vs. J. Kennedy's wine West; J Ken
nedy's Ever Shore vs. Russell. Allen A Wil
son's L*dy Emma; T. Sullivan's Maid of the
Hill vs. H. Hester's Maud M; R. L. Taylor"*
Kowdy Hoy vs. Geurg* Sbarmans Walt a Ut.
tie; Pier! A KnowlW AmiroM vs. E. M Kel
logß'B lowa Boy; H. Hosier's Don Rlrardo vs
W Kelly's Royal I'rlnce; E. BnumeUt*r's
U Inning Ways vs. Daly & Plebelns Shylock
Puppy stake fifty-two dogs— P J. MrCabe's
™tf yx ■ W. cairn's Imperial: C. Brown's
« L , or^ v !- Geor S< Buehn's Monogram;
Maher & Reid's Mount Ida vs. Kelly A Con
roy*s Magnolia.; J. Mumar.e's Minnie B vs
Curtis & Son's Vulcan; D. Winter's Risky At
apt vs Herxo* i Davidson's irate; R. E.
it H - Vf^ 1 ' 8 -y't* vs. J. D. Card mail's
Thorn: <>met; W. Cairns' Qlad/s Weller
vs. A. J. K-rr.p'B Remember Me; p. j Me-
Late's Sky P,lua, vs. T. nntfs Yucatan- J.
Cone's Red lilen va. Kelly & Conroys Kitty
Lee: Cornell I?roi>.' Green Isle vs. AeneM Ken
['-'•*' A|>ollo; ■••> Bros.' Border's Be*t vs
P. J. McCabes Boney Boy; Aen«id Kennels'
Athena vb. J. McGrath's Red Rase; George
Duehn'9 Alt.ha vs. Curtis Sc Son's Flying Fox-
R. H. Farmer's Moonstone vs. J. Lenthan's
Racine; l^.n.ie * Gerber*s Concord rs. Aeneld
Kennels' Aeneas; J. Coleman's Goo«] By vs
J. J. Edmonds' Go On; F. Drink's Thunder
bolt vf. Pa.«ha Kennels' Royal Anne; F. Roth
rr.an's Justice vs. K. E. de B. Lopex's Car
inencita; J. Watklns' Merciful vs. Aenei<! Ken
nels' Agamemnon: Q. Plnto's Mischief vs.
Pasha Kennels' Right Arm: Bartels Bros*
Ballroom Belle vs. R. E. de B. Lopea'a Diablo'
Connell Bros.' Clover vs. G. Lahu»en> Firefly
A. J. Kemp's Move Out vs. Connell Bros *
Dunmore; J. M■' ormack's Jennie Reid vs
G. Gcette'o The Beaner: G. Pinto* Glad Hand
vs. J. Williams' California; J. McPormack's
Proud Beauty vs. J. McGrath's Blower.
SAN MATEO PARK DRAW.
There will be but one day's coursing at
San Mateo Coursing Park this week, the
sport commencing at 11:30 a. m. on Sun
day and being completed before sundown
The prizes offered are: To the winner
$110: runner-up. $70; third. $40; three at <25
each, six at $15 and twelve at $7 60. The
draw resulted as follows:
J. I i Shea's Young Flrenel vs. J. O'Shea'a
Golden- Gate; J. Keenan's Fear Not vs. R. E.
de B. L..J*"!:' Wanda: Jeff Martinet's Bill Foul
ter vs. Curtis & Son's Cash; F. a. McCnmb'i '
Motto vs. Jeff Martinet's Uernal Chief; Pa«ha
Kennels' Root Assured vs. T. F. Logan's Ml«s
Orl«le. J. O' Shea's Youn<c America vs. M B
Cavanagh's Hard Lines. Irwln & Lyons Stiver
Lyon vb. J. Keenan's Royal Buck; R. E. de B
Lopea ' °£** n Vallcj- Maid vs. W. Cremer's Re- ,
port; J. O'Shea's Golden Rule vs. J. Dlckson's
Black Bess; J. Keenan's Royal Oak vb. J. Mur
nar.es Wlldwood; H. T. Anderson's Crawford
Braes vs. J. Keeoan's Blacklock; Curtis &
Son's Narcissus vs. E. Nally's White Diamond:
J. Ferris' Leah vs. R. E. de B. Lopez' White
head: D. Byrne's Mary Black vs. Jeff Marti
net' Buxton: Jeff Martinet's Bernal Boy vb. P.
McKone's RlKby; M. B. Cavanagh's Swedish
vb. N. S. Whiting's Wadena. A. C. Bradbury's
Victor Chief vs Kelly & Hanly's ; F
A McComb's Skyrocket vs. J. Dean's Belle of
Anderson: J. R. Smith's Ida vs. J. Seggerson's
White Chief: J. H. Smith's Merced vs. A. C.
Bradbury's Sardonic: n. E. de B. Loper Sarah
Vf,,, J ' U . ? lth » Magic; J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill vs. John Seggerson's Candelaria: A. C.
Bradbury's Bum vs. Asker & Llbbey's Paddy
Ryan. Steele'* Sly vs. William Creamer's
Je*so Moor*.
2 CARLOADS
. . Of . .
../900..
Ensign c
AND •» p
Snell C VV
\ \Y* Horn in stock.
1 More on In* road.
PRICES
S3O*«°s4O
Agents wanted In every town
Leavitt & Bill,
309 Larkin St., S. F.
SIX-DAY
RIDERS IN
THE SADDLE
Eleven Wheelmen Matching:
Speed and Endurance at
Kansas City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Nov. M.— Eleven
riders to-day started at Convention Hal!
in the six-day 4S-hour bicycle race for the
championship of America. They are
Charles W. Miller of Chicago, the world's
champion long-distance rider; Frank
Waller of Boston, the 48-hour champion
of America; Bert Repine of Nashville, the
18-hour champion; Oscar Julius of New
York City, late champion of Sweden;
i Frederick Nelson of Chicago, three times
j winner of the Pullman road race; Ed
j Llngenfelder of Chicago. John Lawson of
Chicago, holder of the 40-hour and 100
mile records; John Chapman of Atlanta,
On.; Qui Lnwson of ButTalo. brother of
John Lawson; L. H. Nlederhofer of Mln.
neauolis and Oscar Plummer of Kansas
City.
T. A. Barnaby of Boston, the 24-hour
champion, and Charles Hall of Seattle, a
Pacific Coast record holder, were entered,
but had not arrived when the Start was
! made. The riders will go for eight con
j secutive hours dally, riding from 1:30 to
9:30 p. m. The purse amounts to $1500 and
SIM additional is hung up for a new 48
hour record.
Three efforts were made before the race
was finally under way. In the first, the
men In the rear rank came together be-
I fore they got off and all were called back.
j In the second attempt, John Lawson
1 swept to the front in the first few yards
and quickly opened a big gap before Mil
ler could get under way and lapped Nled
erhofer, the last starter. In the first few
seconds. But he cased up and Miller was
soon leading. When the men had coy
' ered within a half lap of one mile. Ju-
I lius, who was fourth In place behind Mil
ler, John Lawson and Chapman, fell, sus
taining severe scratches. Ho was on his
feet promptly and again started with the
rest.
The men got off for rood at 2:04, Miller
leading, with Repine. Lingenfelder, Wal
ler. Ous Lawson. John Lawcon, Julius,
Chapman. Plummer. Nelson and Nleder
hofer following In the order named.
In the final spurt to-night at the end
j of the eighth hour. John Lawson came in
ahead, having covered 165 miles and two
laps. Miller, Waller, Repine and Julius
also covered 165 miles and two laps, and
Gus Lawson was two laps behind them.
The other scorers were: Llngenfelder,
165 miles; Nlederhofer. 133; Nelson. 120;
Plummer. 81; Chapman. 62. The latter two
riders retired early In the game and will
probably not go q:i again.
TO PROTECT THE GAME.
Delegates Frcm Many Counties Meet
and Petition the Governor.
A convention of delegates from the dif
ferent county game protective associa
tions was hold In the parlors of the Oc
cidental Hotel la.«t evening. There are
about sixteen su<"h organizations in the
State and every one of them was repre
sented last night, either directly or by
proxy.
The object of the convention wan to
draft .. •• solutions calling upon the
Governor to appoint a day, sum*? tune
during the early part of next year. wh>»n
a general convention will be held In this
City whose object will be to found a State
game protective association and to Intro
duce a bill before the Legislature which
will provide a new State game law which
will effectually prevent the slaughter of
birds, animals and n>h out of season— a
I Genuine Retail Value : $7.50 I
I VESTEE MIDDY SLITS; ages 3to f. BLOUSE SLITS; ages 4to 10. I
I m SINGLE AND DOUBLE BREASTED 3 piece (VEST) SUITS— for boys tto 15 yrs. I
I In all sorts of materials, patterns and colors. These suits are worth
I $7^ at retail — sometimes offered as rare bargains at $6 r;o We ask
I you $$ — and this much more : to remember and to tell your friends
I what money you save, and what satisfaction you gain by our plan of ■
S Boys' Knee Pants (ages 4 to 15) 20 cents; good enough M
for 6chool— firstrate for romping around. m
ft We have just such values us these in every variety of M
JJL suits and overcoats for men and big boys. jfcjj
121-123 Sansomc Street.
law which will accomplish that in which
the present laws utterly fall.
It is Intended at this convention to have
twenty delegates appointed at large
throughout the State, who will be repre
sentative men. and two from each county,
to be appointed by the Boards of Super
visors of the different counties, who will
not only be good clean sportsmen but
who will be among the best law-abiding
citizens of the counties from which they
are ml These gentlemen will meet and
decide upon what can best protect the
game of the State and will organize them
selves into a protectlv« association whose
object will be to see that the game law 3
are corrected, and when once corrected
are properly enforced.
The following gentlemen were appointed
a committee last night to draw- up th.
petition which will be presented to the
Governor: H. D. Payne A. Barr. E. B.
Mnrtinelll. L. Hertzel and H. Prindle.
At the meeting last night Dr. A. M.
Barker, president of the Santa Clara
Game and Fish Protective Association,
was elected temporary chairman ana c.
W Hibbard acted as secretary- Among
those present at the meeting were repre
sentatives of the following named coun
ties: San Francisco. Fresno. Marln. Sac
ramento. Ventura. Santa Barbara. Santa
Clara, Placer and Humboldt.
It was finally decided that the conven
tion be held In Sacramento February 15.
It will probably extend over several days.
O'CONNOR'S BAD DAY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22. - Favorites
won In three races at Bennings to-day,
but neither Brisk. Sydney Liica* nor
Klnnikinnlc. first choice winners, were
played to any great extent by the talent-
The followers of Jockey O'Connor lost
on five out of his six mount*. Results:
For all aces non-winners in 1599. five and a
half furlongs— Tyrba won. Speedma* second.
Lanpdon third. Time. 1:10. '■■:-■ •
All aren. non-winners In 18W. ore and a ha.:
furlongs— Aratoma won. J. A. Oray second.
Vertigo third- Time. l:10U. ,
Maiden two-year-olds, «l« and a half fur
longs—Randy won. Grandeur second, Burmah
Hundred third. Time. 1:24.
Selling three-year-o.ds and upwara. non
winners of VJX) In IW3. one mile and 100 yards—
Hri«k won. Compensation second. Waller third.
Time. 1:50 2-5.
Handicap, two-year-olds. six furlr>n<s—Syd
ney Lucas won, Hagedon second. Allaire third.
Time. 1:15 1-6.
Handicap three-rear-olds and upward, one
mil- and an eighth— Klnnlklnnlo won. Beau
Ideal second, Bt. Slmonlan third. Time. 1:M.
HUGHES' PERCENTAGE BEST.
WASHINGTON. N..v. 22.— The season's
records of the pitchers of the National
Kasehall I.eagu<- w*-re given by Pr—lflssil
Young to-day. The list of leaders, as
Shown by the percentage of victories of
each pltctter. follows:
j Games i Pet. of
NAMES. Club. Played. Victories
Willis Bonton M .CS4
Hushes Brooklyn 24 .813
Young St. I.mile 41 *34
Seymour New York... 83 .424
I,e*ver Plttibur*.... 41 .118
Hahn Cincinnati... 83 .724
McOlnnlty Baltimore 43 .Ml
Nichols Bonton 35 .653
Kltson Baltimore.... IS .I.)
Griffith Chicago M .IT)
Breitemteln .... Cincinnati... 23 .631
Frtuer Philadelphia S3 .CIS
The Coming Poultry Show.
OAKLAND, Nov. 22..— San Joso has an
nounced the postponement of the poultry
show to have been given there, and the
bird fanciers of the Garden City will
bring their exhibits to Oakland to make
the coming show here a success. It is
estimated that 1500 birds will be in com
petition. The Oakland Poultry Associa
tion will open a new department In the
coming exhibition, where only birds "for
exhibition and sale" will be placed. The
entries close November 20 at the office of
the secretary. 2*55 Jackson street, Ala
meda. or the residence of L. N. Cobble
dlck, 401 Twelfth street.
T ' t t^t^ tTTTTTTTTtTTT
I Oast, \
CHICAGO VS.
CALIFORNIA
ON THE GRID
Crack Football Eleven May
Visit the Coast This
Winter.
The West and the East. or. rather. th«
West and the Middle West, may meet on
a San Francisco gridiron Muring tho Jast
week of this year. If negotiations which
are now pending between the University
of California football eleven and the I'ni
verslty of Chicago lead to a fruitful u-r
mlnatlon the biggest football match »v*r
played on this coast wilt tako place In
this city before th end of the year.
Matters rave progressed to such iata««
that all now depends upon the faculty of
the University of Chicago.
The team representing that university
has accepted the proposition offered by
Manager Uumn of California and will
come to the coast If the Chicago facul
ty will grant th»-m permission |«» do *o.
The University of Chicago has been Cast
this year, playing the blggtst of the col
lege teams, defeating many and suffering
defeat from few ami then only after the
severest kind of »i gridiron battle.
Once before the University of Chicago
pent a team to this o»>ast. That wa* in
the winter of ON. (iamn were played
with the Reliance and Stanford 'town*
Chicago defeating Stanford In this city
and losing to the cardinal la Los Arm
ies. Reliance won Its game by a c:o»«
score. Hut th« team which now repre
sents the Chicago university is fax cif.
ferent from the one which came here In
ISM. This yrar'n eleven Is on the imm«
plane with the best In the country ai^l i
game with California would be a te*t of
East against West. All California is anx
iously waiting. for the final answer.
The last week of practice at the uni
versities la now on. A gloom has per
vaded Berkeley and there is some rea
son for it. Womble, Hall and Bmlth have
been pronounced overtrained. Cochran
wasted no time In adopting radical in. ■.: ■■
urea, but sent them out rvf town. Th«*y
are now enjoying complete rest at an
out-of-town resort and will not return to
Berkeley until Saturday. Signal practice
will be all their work from that time un
til the big game.
At Stanford the graduate coaches are
flocking In by twos and threes and all Is
hard brisk work. The team will lenv*»
for Del Monte Friday, where the secret
practice will begin.
ACADEMIC FOOTBALL LEAGUE
The Bejmont and C. 8. M. A. (Lick) foot
ball teams of the Academic Athletic
League of California met yesterday nt
Recreation Park, at Eighth an . Harrison
streets. in a semi-final contest. The l.'el
mont team was given the game with a
score of 6 to 5. though a protest was en
tered by the Lick team. With the scoro
5 to 5. Belmont failed to kick a goal from
a hard position, but the referee In Klvinjr
his decision misquoted his meaning &rA
after listening to many technical protests,
ordered the (ram* continued, finally giv
ing Belmont the game, after darkness hat!
made further play impossible. The win
ners will meet the Cvntervllle team f..r
the championship. The teams lined up .1 >
follows:
BeJmont. Position. I.: ;<
So f ton I -'ft End Moss
Stow Left Tackle Miller
Fish..... Left Guard Kerr
Mlntum Center Percy
Moon . Right Guard Flerk
Klrkpatrlck. RUht Tarkle Hettmu!l»r
Rrlittuun RUht End Edwardt
Dush Left Half X • ■:..„-
Llndley Full Bar* Hamilton
Sherman (cap.). ... Right Half Kern
Reid Quarter Back ForwarJADVERTISEMENTS.
WWW KIPS;
HI n aS
(iIVK STBENSTBTO
NLRSCNGMOTHOtS.
IT MAKES
WEAK WOMEN STRONG
1 AND SICK WOMEN WELL. |
-__— I
_^..,,K y,-,,~. On the !
7TQ^i>"v Streets of !
ft&MftfM San Fr-ficisco!
I 7 V '-mill üßs- n"h and *>n-i
1 i/L «&!§!*! IS.l^IS. 1^ IM yntJ rut"\
I .tv I Menfil\\ ****lhat thw"l
I V iffl i/Il* Tr 'tn Iwiy *ni>«"-:
i I ju IL J : mr>u» rrlcen for:
: I '■■ • if* * th*!r clothing? :
I g| >l' No. I
- lit / / Th«T go to a!
• 7 \V"TTT/^*'*.' > HliMe tailor. ;
: *^<r" - •>. wh*r* th^r can:
£ «*i«*d by the!
\ UK. 1113 Market ■^rtf^resMrs!
; Ftr~t. to make thef
: 201-SU3 Mnmrnmfrr \t*x a.n<l to I
: St.. San Francl»<v». charg* 25 r-*r,
: 101 l Washington St.. c*nt ton than; i
: Oakland. other tailor*. t j
I
:
;
!
j
I
j
!
INTERSTATE COMMERCE
COMMISSION.
Nolle* !• hereby given that numereua rail
r^'oflx hay* ■;'..•: for further cxter.nion until
January 1. l&Si. mlthln which to e<ju!p their
rare wr'.th nafety appliance*. Hearing: upon
men application will be had at the office of the
CooUßlsslac Wathlniftcn. Wednesday. Decem
ber <. All per»>n!« lnterr*ted for or a*a!n»t
rurh exfr.rlon will be tlien heard, or may for
ward any natemer.t by roall. By order of the
Corons!«»1on.
EDWAP.n A. MOSELT. Secretary
• '^-^-^-•V^'^^^^-^^^^^aV*
iv s■• OR. JORDAN S cheat A
# MUSEUM OF AKATOMV #
A f\± *''*V:t^*'*t V* c.v fc^.k r 9 f.* A
a kttt ....———. .-It. C-iii—. ~.l >.-„ a
. 1 ' '— -' ' A "'' 4n.cil M-vruir in ih» *
6 mafe—v W«wJ \w.i -.-,.* ut any ctiznicrrA a
™ $LS s£q «!»•** prdlltrl; rmr*4fy thruiiiCtt T
,* ii Hl* - mtm VATF DISEASES 4
O L X*<VLL* Tr« • n.t,,< 1*.1,..-,-,!, „ |,r truer. A 4
\fi F^ll '"' Cfc*Tluc»"rc»»e«niJeruke». '
if I '!& >v ' ' ■■' ' " '"Rll.umil-ti V«i 4
* U il' «**«*'**;•:. MMLto rtiiis. iaT
A d Ii »»:a*blt U«k tot n.n.) i
7DU JOUDt.MM'U . I3M Market St..X. F r
• «^>^^^sV^^%^%^^-%.-av-%^%>C
wu mj&fta He3iir 'v Harmless
uUDnsr 3^ Efficient.
A. I&lv¥pw Positively removes
,__ .... Pimp!?* anJ-al! SKin
roßTtic Eruption* anJ pro-
COMPipOH g32 natural cora
tvvoti*TS .Piroso Jakes th:
FLESH.-.WHITt P lac- of P<?w-1«, and
Puzo*) mfc co k *«T£ n' Ol| V d; cts
XNiCIA.CH iV- ya" drUg"
JOE HARVEY'S
FARO GAME IN
POLICE COURT
One of His Dealers
on Trial.
* —
A- an expert at faro Joe Harvey must
be beginning to realize now that he is
"down to case?"— and not easy ones to
boat, either— with his "California Club."
Since The Call's exposure <>f thru enm-
Ming den and the subsequent raid by Po
lice Captain Wittman ar.d Sergeant Shea
not a card has been turned within its
walls and not a bet has beer, cashed, the
entire time of Harvey and his following
Flnce having been consumed In prepara
tion for an effort to double-bank the law.
That effort was made yesterday after
noon in behalf of Asa Hamilton, one of
the *ix men arrested In the celebrated
raid. It failed miserably.
Hamilton, who 1? a dealer In the em
ploy of Harvey, escaped conviction by
the skin of his terth. Ten of th* tweive
men (sworn a.« Jurors to try the case be
lieved that he visited the house at 143
Mason street for the purpose of gambling;
Inferentlally they also believed that it
was a gambling den pure and simple and
not a club of equal good reputation with
the Pnclnc Union and other clubs of the
city, as Attorney Jimmi.- I^nit would have
had them believe. Handicapped as he was
by a complaint admittedly defective, sur
rounded as Hamilton was by every point
of the law three lawyers were able to
advance In his defense. Judge Low. the
prosecuting attorney, battled so vigor
ously that he very nearly pulled a victory
out of what seemed certain defeat. The
Jury was not able to agree, but the an
nouncement of their standing. ••• for
conviction, two for acquittal, must have
found the blowholes even la the locally
Harveyized armor.
James Long did most of the spieling for
Hamilton. Char.'es J. HegKerty and Her
bert Choynski acting as counsel for 'he
defense and doing most of the thinking.
Judge Jx>w wa* alone for the prosecution.
There was a suggestion of faro-banki
ness in this proportion of legal talent, and
Hamilton seemed to have the best of a
time-honored "three-otic-deal." I*ong saw
the advantage of this arrangement to his
client and proceeded at once to whlpsaw
every ruttle out of the box. Be it known,
too. Plnce yesterday . Jlmmle Long is en
titled to be known as the Sherlock Holmes
of lawyer?. The Intuition he displayed in
the selection of jurors showed that. For
example:
"How old are you?" he asked ■ pros
pective Juror, whose frame was bent with
the weight of years.
"I am TO years old. sir." was the reply.
"And you have lived in this city how
long?"
"Nigh onto thirty years."
"Ah," exclaimed Long, a great white
light breaking in upon his mind, "ah,
then you must an old resident?"
"Yes. sir meekly acquiesced the Juror
He peremptorily challenged another wit
nfs«, who admitted that he had sold hab
erdashery to Captain Wlttman. an-1 all
through the Hat till twelve had been se
lected he went, emitting many sparks of
similar brilliancy After the Jury had
been sworn In and Long was getting Into
trim to cross-examine when it came his
turn. Messrs. Heggerty and Choynskl
made a discovery not quite so Sherlocky.
They found that while the ordinance,
which it wax claimed had been violated,
read "for the purpose of gambling." the
complaint upon which Hamilton was be
ing prosecuted read "for the practice of
gambling."
l^ong Immediately moved the court to
direct the Jury that the complaint charg
ing no offense they should dismiss the <!••
fendant. Judge Conlan overruled the mo
tion and Police Captain Wlttman was
placed on the stand to testify to the dis
coveries he had made at the Harvey
gambling den th« night he arrested Ham
ilton and his five companions. Sergeant
Shea began ; reading out in front of the
Jury the layout, check rack, dealing box
and cases used In the gnme of faro. Long
made a loud objection, and they were cov
ered up for the time being.
Wittman .told how he nad applied for
admittance to the Harvey club and been
refused: how he had broken the chain
on the front door, Bmashed In another
door and came upon Hamilton ad the
others, who were getting away from the
layout.
"I said to one of the men." testified the
captain. " 'Playing a quiet game?* and he
replied, 'Yes. a quiet little game.' Another
of the men, said Wittman. said he was
glad I me. '1 left my girl over at the
Poodle Dog.' he said, 'and came over here
to try and win her a sealskin. The best
I could do was to lose $13. so I'm glad you
came.' " /
■ Wittman al*o testified that he saw one
of the men pass checks over to Dormer
and receive money in return. It was ad
mitted by the defense that Sergeant Shea
and Officer Phillips would corroborate
Wittman. whereupon !<<'iig renewed his
original motion that the case be dis
missed. The motion was overruled and he
made a similar one on the ground that the
complaint had been signed ••.! E. Barry.
Acting Police Judge." when there was no
such flue under the law. The court de
cided to let the case go to the Jury, and to
the Jury It went after brief argument and
Instructions. The twelve men came into
court after forty minutes, announced
their Inability to agree and were dis
missed. It Is understood that on the nrst
ballot they Flood seven for conviction and
five for acquittal. This was changed on
a late ballot to ten for conviction and two
for acquittal, and there they Btuck.
The ca.<»c will he reset for another trial.
Thank**lWnfi extra mince pie. »06 Larkln at*
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. IS!M>.
TRANSPORT GEO.
W. ELDER ONCE
AGAIN IN PORT
♦
Made Fastest Round
Trip on Record.
•
MEXICAN ORANGE MAGGOT
INFECTED FRUIT CAME UP ON
THE COLON.
Fears for the Safety of the Barlr Co
lusa — Harbor CominiEsioners
Mcct — Seven Carloads of
Kansas Poultry.
The transport George W. Elder returned
to port yesterday, completing th. round
trip to Manila in sixty-one days, the fast
est on record. She sailed for San Fran
cisco a few hours ahead of the Belgian
King, and that vessel will probably reach
port to-night or to-morrow morning. The
Elder comes Into port a credit to Cap
tain Parsons and crew. She is scrupu
lously clean In every department and no
octan liner could be In better order mak
ing port.
The detachment of the Twenty-seventh
Infantry that went 10 the Philippines an?
of the opinion that there is not a better
troopship afloat than the George W. El
der. They presented the captain with a
handsome inkstand of solid silver and h
purse of $150 In gold before leaving the
ship. Th. • inkstand bore the following
Inscription: Presented to Captain E. D.
Parsonjs by the officers or' the detachment
of the Twenty-seventh Infantry, U. S. V..
Hit)." The presentation was made by tho
colonel, and Captain Parsons was so
taken by surprise that he could only
stammer his thanks.
The George W. Elder was taken out by
Pilot "Newt" Jordan on September 22 at.
noon and he boarded her again yesterday
at exactly the same hour. There were
only a half dozen passengers on the
transport, all of whom are clerks coming
home for a vacation. Dr. Williamson, the
veterinary' surgeon who went down on the
ship Tacoraa, also came back. He says
the Tacoma was In the same typhoon as
the Slam, but she escaped with the loss
of her sails. The Slam, however, lost all
her cargo of mules, while the Tacoma
only lost seven during the entire voyage.
This fact Is due to the better accommo
dation provided on the Tacoma, accord-
Ing to Dr. Williamson. He says the
horses on the sailing vessel- suffered very
little, and while over a hundred of them
were Pick leaving San Francisco they
were all In good health when landed in
the Philippines.
Owing: to the vigilance of Alex Craw
quarantine officer of the State Hoard or
Horticulture, a disgusting and tlan^erou*
utPt has been kept out of California. The
Mexican orange maggot has long een a
bugbear to the orange growers of all
fornia. It Is unknown In the United
States, but Is now known to be very prev
alent across the border in Mexico. The
first time it has ever reached her»*. how
ever, was In a shipment of oraiues that
came ben on the steamer Colon from
Acapulco a few days ago. Upon Exam
ining the fruit Mr. Craw found *h.' mag
gots <Try; Ludens* in great numbers.
They make their home in the lip and
are exactly the color of the fruit.
The pest was first discovered in More
los, I(>' miles south of the City of Mex
ico. ai:d it has read within the last
three years until It has rcachod Aca
pulco. The shipment on the Colon was
burned up and Mr. Craw has n..ti: • all
Importers that in no case can ..ranges
from Mexico be landed In California any
more. This notice has been sent to the
freight agents of all railroads in Mexico
and In this way it is hoped to keep the
danger thin bounds.
T. bar was breaking heavily yesterday.
and two attempts made by the pilot boat
Bonlta to get out failed. The overdue
steamers Cleveland, Arcata and Empire
got in and all report very heavy weather
outside.
There Is some fear among shipping men
that the vessel seen bottom up off Flat
tery is the bark Colusa. She left Kahulul
23 days ago for Departure Bay and has
not been heard from since. The passage
is not an unusually long one. but then the
Colusa had been ashore among the islands
and had lost her forefoot and was other
wise damaged. No repairs were made to
her. but she was sent to the Sound In bal
last, and on her arrival was to have been
overhauled.
There is also some uneasiness over the
British bark Nanaimo. now out 106 days
from Chemainus. B. C. for Nagasaki. She
must have met with fom« heavy weather,
and may have lost sol of her spars.
Food Inspector L. W. Holllngsworth
condemned sixty boxes of tomatoes on
Jackson-street wharf. The fruit was un
lit for food and was dumped overboard.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and ordered 100 pil.^s each of H. ii.
Rood & Co.. Paraffin*- Paint Company and
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany. Th. piles were to be used In the
construction of Ferry slip No. 7. Chief
Wharfinger Henderson had referred to
him th«* request of Rear Admiral Krmpff
for a berth for he Unadilla at Clay-street
wharf. The North Central Improvement
Club wrote the board offering Its assist
ance to improve the board's property near
section 1 of the seawall. The club will be
asked to send a committee to confer with
the board.
Seven carloads of chickens, ducks, tur
keys and pigeons from Kansas were land
ed on Lombard street whurf yesterday.
The coast and geodetic survey steamer
Pathfinder put to sea yesterday. She is to
make poundings for the bed of the pro
posed cable between here and Honolulu.
HIGH GfIADE TOURS.
Wonderful Improvement as Compared
With a Few Years Ago.
The best way to go East Is the right
way.
Have you heard of the personally
conducted tourist car excursions to
Cincinnati, leaving San Francisco
every Thursday and Los Angeles every
Friday?
The personal conductors are well in
formed gentlemen, whose* duty it is to
care for the wishes of the passengers,
make the journey pleasant and be of
especial aid to the ladies and children
traveling without escort.
The cars are new (Just from the
Bhops of the Pullman Company), and
are far superior to tourist sleepers pre
viously in use. They have sixteen sec
tions and a smoking room. They are
broad vestibuled and run on steel
wheels with springs that moke easy
riding. The finish is of rosewood, the
windows arc broad and protected with
roller curtains, the upholstering is good
and very comfortable. The light is the
very best- Pintsch gas. The seats are
high backed. The price for a doable
berth in one of these fine new cars is
but 55.50 to Cincinnati. There is no
change of cars between San Francisco
or Los Angeles and Cincinnati, and at
the last named point daylight connec
tions are made for all principal point?
East.
The orange country of California, the
high mesas of Arizona and New Mex
ico, the banks of the Rio Grande, the
cotton and cane country and the heart
of the great Mississippi Valley ar*
traversed by this route. No other more
interesting, more instructive. Apply to
agent Southern Pacific Company for
excursion pamphlet: A. n. Hanson
general passenger agent Illinois Cen
trarßailway. Chicago. DL, O. P. Mc-
Carty. general passenger agent B. and
O. S. W. Railways Cincinnati, Ohio.
In the Divorce Court.
I^r.nora Neuman has boen pranted n
divorce from Charles J. Neumnn on the
jfrour.d of extreme cruelty. Maurice Dur
bin has sued Mollle C. Durbln for a di
vorce, alleging desertion as cause of ac
tion. Luvlna Nlchtmann asks for a di
vorce from Herman Nlehtmami on the
ground of failure to provide.
THE TAMARII TAHITI (CHILD OF TAHITH.
Thl* schooner Is intended for the tnteripland trade between Tahiti and the i
The '.:ttle schooner has Just comt down from Turner's yard at
.i ar.d will tall in a fr-w day* fr.r Papeete. She is owned and will be com
led by «'aptair. < Joorpe Dexter and th*- mate i? Charles Olsen. Th»»re i? a
( r« w of five native Tahitinns. and all hand! came here from Papeete to tak. :h ■
■ Hda. Captain T't-xt-.-r li accompanied by his niece, ML-s
Pauline Drolett. who will be a passenger on the Tamarii Tahiti.
BACK HOME TO
TENNESSEE, BUT
NOT AS GUESTS
Muster Out of the
Regiment.
The Tennessee regiment tried to gain
j a day on itself by being mustered out
yesterday instead of to-day, ... was the
original Intention, but there was too
much baggage to be removed and so It
will gain : lit a few hours. Instead of go
ing away this evening about 9 o'clock it
will get away this afternoon at 2.
The change of programme started from
no less an authority than the President
himself. He will be in Nashville next
Tuesday and it was his wish that 'he
regiment be there in time for him to re
view It. It was the wish of the State as
well, so word wab sent out here to hurry
matters even more than they were being
hurried. It was decided Tuesday night
to put the regiment through the muster-
Ing out process yesterday and get away
last night, but that was seen to be impos
sible before the regiment waa half
through with the paymasters. There will
be no delay to-day, however.
Colonel Chlkiers expects over six hun
dred of the men to go home together, but
it is not probable his expectation will
I be realized. The State of Tennessee is
not paying the fares of the men and con
trasting Mils attitude With that of other
States which paid everything has made
the men of the regiment feel they owe
but little more to the home administra
tion.
A few of the men left immediately after
being mustered out, but the greater num
ber will not get away until to-day. The
men received considerably over $100
apiece, for there was four months' pay
coming to them, two earned and two
more from the Government, besides iheir
clothing allowances and travel pay. The
last time they were paid was just be
fore they reached Nagasaki, and when
: they arrived here there was not much
money in the command. Many of the
men owed small sums around town and
that was another reason why the com
mand did not get away. Nobody wished
to leave the town owing debts," and the
suddenness of the muster out made it im
possible for the men to settle up.
Mrs. Tbwnsend offered to come to the
rescue of the regiment with a check for
$'■0,000. which would take them all home,
but the men declined the offer, at the
same expressing their appreciation of the
motive which prompted it. Their appre
ciation of the kindness of Mrs. Townsend
was more substantially set forth in a
magnificent loving cup presented to her
after the regiment was mustered out.
The going of the Tennessee regiment !
closes the reign of the volunteer In San i
Francisco, at least for a time. Hers Is the
last of the State volunteer organizations
to leave the service, and with the men
from the South pass..* one of the most
picturesque phases of the war. The State
voluntefrt were true . volunteers. They
kicked and complained and consorted with
their officers and were familiar with their
colonels In a way that made the hair upon
the regular heads turn gray, but It needed
only their State cry to rally them and
■end them on regardless of everything.
The volunteers now on their way "to Ma
nila are of a different character. They are
United States Volunteers, recruited 'from
no particular State and officered by men
from all over the country. There is no
State tie binding them; no home associa
tions common to them all. and they know
only so much of each other as they learn
after enlistment. The adventurous sons
of rich fathers are not nearly so numer
ous In the United States volunteers as
they were in the State organizations.
There is not that fellowship between men
rind men and officers and men. They
make, as a rule, better men In camp, but
they will do well if they make better men
when the real work in the field falls to
them.
The Fortieth Infantry will leave to-day
on the Ohio and Indiana. Three hundred
recruits will also go on the Ohio, and this
will dean out the recruit camps. The
Forty-second will leave Monday, five com
panies and the headquarters on the Co
lumbia and the remaining seven com
panies on th. Dalny Vostock. The Wye
field will leave to-morrow with a load of
horse«.
Brigadier General Frederick Funston
and his aid. Second Lieutenant J. B.
Mitchell. Fortieth Infantry, will be pas
sengers on the Indiana.
First Lieutenant Theodore C. Reiser.
Forty-second Infantry, has been detailed
a.«> quartermaster and commissary on the
transport Columbia.
Second Lieutenant F. O. Kellond. Forty
fifth Infantry, has been ordered to pro
ceed to Manila on the transport Indiana. .
Leave of absence for one month, with
leave to apply for an extension of two
more, has been granted to Captain L.. L.
Durfree. Seventeenth Infantry.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George W.
Sims has been ordered to proceed to his
home. Corpus Christ!, Texas, for the an
nulment of his contract. ■-
Acting Assistant Surgeon John Mason
Williams, who volunteered for service
with the* first lot of men who were sent
out to the smallpox camp, has been as
signed to duty nt Alcatraz Island to re
lieve Acting Assistant Surgeon James B.
Cutter. _
The la.it battalion of the Forty-ninth
Infantry arrived yesterday in good condi
tion. The entire regiment Is now In camp
In the tents formerly occupied by the men
of the Forty-fourth. ■
H.-rd Lnbor for Evans.
Ivor Evans pleaded guilty yesterday In '
the I'mted States District Court of hav
ing sent an obscene letter through the
mails to a reputable young w.man of this
city, jk.ic" de Haven sentenced Evans
to one year's imprisonment In the County
Jail with hard labor
FAMILY OF SULLIVANS
LOCKED UP IN PRISON
RESULT OF A NEIGHBORS' ROW
ON ELDRIDGE STREET.
Son Booked on Two Charges of Bat
tery. Mother for Disturbing
the Peace and Father
Drunk.
As a result of a Quarrel t^twe^n tne
Sullivan ai.d Kellj families, who live at
the Sulli
van family consisting of father, mother
on. is locked up in the City Prison.
iliuiiiah Sullivan took offense at
what Mrs Mur«.irri K»-;i
. ing t:"--r Tuesday aft
sr< nt : i Mr - X- .. . i yester
oaj :: a dlsturl
James, who is . . | ;iK> . . in< i. the
ne of the worst youths
south of Market street, followed his
r later and knocked down Jennie
Kelly, a daughter of Mrs. Kelly, and
I h. r. Mrs. K. !iy went to the as
ice of her daughter, and Sullivan
struck her on the eye. The girl was un-
: "us from the kick for some time
but rallied and h.r condition was not
r.-d dangerous. Sullivan was ar
: I iicfinan Klynn on two
charges of battery.
Ai. hour <r two lat^r his mother was
' ' ' Ictlng Sen ; ra on
a charge ot disturbing th< ;.1- ,- i
lent .. S to ai
Utfon and found Mrs
Sullivan blackguarding the Kellys for
havins h.-r s,.n arrested.
John .Sullivan, th. father, called at the
prison to Inquire aboul hia wife a: .
and felt s-> bad that he s..<m acquired an
extensive "Jag" and was arrested by
in Spillane on s charge <it "drunk."
The captain knew him. but wh^n hf .
him his name he said it was John I
and that h»- was a r^t!r.-d capitalist. He
is a helper In ihf I'nlon Iron \V..rk<«.
MACCABEES WILL DANCE,
Division No. 3. Connected With San
Francisco Tent, to Give a Hop
Next Saturday.
Division No. 3 of the I'nlform Rank of
the Maccabees, Connected with San Fran
cisco Tent of that order, will next Satur
day night give its initial hop In dolden
<i-ne Hall. The committee of arrange
ments, through its chairman, Captain H
L Tlckn>T. announces that everything has
been done to make this event the grandest
fraternal military .>ne that has ever been
known In this city There has been .i
preat demand for invitations, which are
Issued by Captain Tl<kner. Lieutenant
<J— >rpe V Lerol. Fir-t Ser)T»»ant T .T.
Harris anil Record Keeper Theo Frolich.
The I'nlform Hank has for Its objects the
establishment of a military rnnfc within
each tent of the order, to educate the
members in mllltarv and other tactics.
att.-nd all pubiir lEaocabee demonstra
tions, to act ft*- escort when occasion de
mands and to escort the remains of de
ceased Sir Knight* to the last resting
place.
OVER 10,000 WEAK MEN
REGAINED VIGOR OF MANHOOD FROM DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S METHOD.
wt m. Here is the snap, the vim and vigor of youth.
J&S&Si&t Any man who wears it can be a giant in mental and
jmS^.v \ -<-~ physical development.
W£* Ql -Jr f^~~\ Thousands of men are mere pigmies of what na-
Ictuffifr^r "\ V* Ul\ ture intended them, backward, oversensitive, {earing
SwSfi^ti [ >* |/l to venture, delicate, easily discouraged, short of
VvS^V I 1 \\ breath, weak-nerved, lacking the grit, the "sand"
y^ v .^ 1 I \ which is the possession of vigorous manhood.
>**■"" -x "^ _/I i\ They need Electricity, which is animal vitality.
f *+ ) "^v/ )i It is the foundation of all vigor. It is the fuel to the
/ - .*«•>■ * &| engine which runs the human machine. Electricity,
} ' "* i£, >-^=s^L ' las l a PP'y &* is a source of new life to all parts of
I/4T. Vigor of Youth Folly Restored,
U. Sn sVl»/''C// /» Men, are you weak, have you pains in your back,
V^O-- varicocele, weak stomach, constipation, lumbar,
ifci&fer'^^: 1/ Vvi l^^)^-^^^^^^ rheumatism, enlarged prostate gland, or any of the
nB^^t^^**S^O^^^^^^ results or ear 'V mistakes, excesses or overwork?
""""xfsa^ y KSS^K My method of applying electricity while you sleep
at night will cure you. It fills the nerves and organs with the fire of life. You wear mv B?lt
white you sleep. You feel its life-giving power, and can regulate it. Call and test it tree, or
send for free book.
General Prostration.
ELSIXORE. Lot Ang-i»» Count jr. Cut .N " ! * 1139.
Dr. M. A. McLaußhlln— Dear Sir: IWore u«lnir your B«lt I could not »len> nor #at lolld food, my I i»-' n «a* »o pour. «nd I wu
badly constipated. My who!* rystetn wai run down. Your Belt has cured BBS, and I •ball recommtnd It Is others. J. 3. LEWIS.
DR M A Mclaughlin w^^fss^^^s^tM
Ulll If II Hi IflUsLnilUIILIIl: Cor. S V rin talSees£l. Lot Asplss. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
___ THE EMPORIUM. -| THE EMPORIUM.
'MtnCm lea' Appetizing 1
:« ss "nilMJHMMU|||*—rl
[hare trild them. CAUF ° RNUS M " B ** 111 " «™*" ™«- Cafe after Ba. «a. 5
• jl
r . : .%
[ Four Seasonable Special Offerings for Thursday only— i
[ Ladies' Rubbers at a hitherto unheard of low price, 5
I and articles that many housekeepers will need for •;
[ Thanksgiving Day, a week hence. The big store's special one-day •?
!; bargains, a3 thousands can testify, are the irt of thing? *
• that people want, sold at the time 5
f y\ Jsb\. c^ e^ want cm ' at tne prices they %
I / )/Y) /Y \ want t0 pay * 3
'• /L^ j?' y J IT- w* pace «n *a'e 350 pain Ladles' \S
yp y/ vr^ Igy / Storm Rubbers, hiab back* and fronts. '<%
r jr— x^l^"- x / regular toe* ant a. I sizjs, from _' 2to 6 (not S
I  -/ rerf lirpe qmatities of the f>^ r»ni 6 *z»>\. at
'. " the extnor ii. low price per p i-. 4 Cslaf» '%
r for Thursday only #i#C? j«
| I
I Thanksgiving Turkey Roasters— •*
'. Two first q^aliiv Sheet Iron Pin-, hingeJ to- * -i^^ X
• gether. with ?! d■ .• door in front. Routers of >^=^==r "" \^& •'•
.* this kind improve all good meat and make tonzh ±T^__ i "^^ .J
'! meat tender. Saitab c for turkey or chicken v"^aK?^^ N^ %
• roasting or biking bread ani cakes, «iz« 10x15 \§^^ ? *' I^«* fcli^_^<^^*ifc "^
' inches (we have othr siz»s — measure vourov«ni, *-£<^^ *'
I these Roast r?2n:arlv ■ ■•■vh. on *****"*-^^^^^^/ "5
• special sale Thursday 0n % y.... mI/w *
f ,_ S
i Bleached Table Damask— as ;J
»* ■^fir satin, a fine thread, heavy in texture, fully .'
• pW> ~~ ' ncnes w ide, 8 different designs that %
i would plea the taste of the most fa - 8
; > 2^^^Z^^£t% tidiou3 housekeeper, our $1.00 per yard x
fi\ . quality — on special sale Thurs-
j // \ day only £€*C
I fife % • i
{ ''/^vv'v^^f Larg? sin Turkey Platters— Fire st mi- porcelain, an a«sort- «J
I l-t£%\\z:'z ment of 8ha P fS ani several styles of attneti/a decorations, the £
% !&?-^&'Ti* regular worth an) an excel- — — ;—.; — . 'm
I V--'>-I lent value at $1.25 e-ch— on xta^s^—r^iSSP^l "3
i \sW?Alf specie! Si - tc- lav. ThurS' f^^f^^ '5
: v; 7 ! day : only 69c^^^^^=^' 5
LENIENCY SHOWN
TO A DRUNKEN
ARMY OFFICER
Trial of First Lieuten
ant Bowie.
— •
First Lieutenant Hamilton Rowte of
Company L. Fortieth Infantry, who was
arrested Tuesday night on Stockton street
on a chaige of assault with a deadly
weapon for shooting «t Joseph Magg»til.
appeared in Judge Grahams court ye»
tcrday morning for his preliminary ex
amination. He was represented by A:: r
ney Koch.
M.tK-;etti. who is a printer living at !".
KMridge street, testified that he was
walking along Stockton street shortly
after 11 o'clock when he met tJ.»- defend
ant, who In a loud tone -f I
"Halt." Howie presented a revolver at
witness' ht ad while about f-ur feet away
and he •!■ dged behind & telegraph pole.
Thinkn »: h. w.i^ In I ' rs. h>
ran across the street, and as he ■!
I »iiii.ii another telegraph bullei
whistled - past him. He had
the defendant before and defendant COUJ I
have had no malice toward him. Tl
fendant appeared to be under the Influ
ence of liquor. Thf bullet was too close
to him to he pleasant.
Policemen c,.lmann and Hems. who
made th»- arr.-st. testified that they saw
Howie running along the cent* -
ton *>:i sreen Bush and Butter, with
the revolver tn his hand. When they
■ 1 h'.m he presented the revolver at
them and they drew their revolvers and
1 Howie to throw down hi« weapon.
He dropped It on the street and they
placed him under arrest. He did not ap
pear to be very much under the influence
of liquor.
Howie was called and testified that h«
had been drinking heavily all night and
he believed that he had been rtrugged.
H« had Just a dim recollection of a man
being In front of him and the revolver
went off. He was a native of Alabama
ard hud !>een in the regiment about six
months He was 22 years of .
Cnptaln May of the same company tes
tified that Bowie bore a very good char
acter ar.d he was never known to b»
drunk before.
Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth said
he thought the ends of Justice would be
subserved by sending the defendant to
Mnnlla to fight for bis country and give
him a chance of wiping out his disgrace.
The fact that he was itrunk was no ex
cuse. The Judge adopted the prosecut- ,
ing attorTicy'j view an-l dismissed th*
case, as the defendant would have to
stand his trial before a court-martial any
how.
PRISONER GRAY HAD A
KNIFE IN HIS SHOE
THE FACT DISCOVERED JUST
IN TIME.
Would Not Have Been the First Crim
inal to Have Dug His Way to
Freedom Out of the
Broadway Jail.
Frederick Gray, Indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury for counterfeiting, stole n
knife from the office of the United States
Marshal yesterday, slipped It Into hi*
shoe and took It to th« County Jail with
him. He evidently Intended to use the
weapon to dig his way out of the cell In
the Broadway Jail, and might have sue*
ceeded In his design had It not been for
the vigilance of Office Deputy A. L. Far
lsh and Miss Schrage. the Marshal's sten
ographer.
Just after Gray and his companion.
George Morton, had been taken from th«
Marshal's office on the way to the
County Jail the loss of the knife was dis
covered, and the chief Jailer was tele
phoned that the knife might -be found
upon one of the prisoners. When they
were taken to their cells Gray and Georr*
Horton. his fellow-prisoner, were searchrU
and the weapon was found In Gray'n shoe.
Gray and Horton had been In Unlteil
States District Judge de Haven's court
room for trial on Indictments for coun
terfeiting. The heating apparatus of the
Appraiser's building supplying the court
with the necessary warmth was out of
order, and the Judge, the attorneys, th«
prisoners and the witnesses and the Juror*
got cold feet. Judge de Haven announced
that It would be Impossible to proc<>?<]
with any trial In an apartment so damp
and so chilly as to be dangerous to th«
health of all concerned, and he postponed!
the trial until December I
It happened that a lunch had been tak»n
to the prisoners' room In th* Marshal's
office on the preceding lav. and the waiter
had neglected to call tor the tray of
dishes. Among them was a sllvfr-ptated
knife, the one appropriated by Gray.
It was with a similar weapon that Stage
Robber Erlrkson dug his way out of the
Broadway Jail several years ago. and h«
Is still at large. Only a f.-w weeks ago a
counterfeiter In Ism Angelrs stole a table
knife and while on his way to the Jail to
start for his ten years' term In the peni
tentiary cut th«» blood vessels of his wrt*ts
and almost bled to death before a surgeon
was able to stop the flow of blood.
Police Inspection and Review.
The Police Commissioners met last night
and decided to hold the annual police In
spection and review on or about Decem
ber 1.
56
THURSDAY ......NOVEMBER 23, 1809
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ml Communicat.cns to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PI M ATIO.N on-ur....Mnrl;rt «nd Third. S. V.
Telephone Main IMIS.
I IIM.iIIIM ROOMS 217 to 221 Movrniun St.
li'lc|ilioni- Main 1*74.
Delivered l.\ « nrrlcrv IS Cenl<» IVr \\>rk.
Mnglr Copies^ .*. ( MM,
Term* lit >l«ll. Inrluftl nit r«««ncri
Dall V CALL <lm-!ii«lliii> •. l ,iifln% i. nor >t«r .!>•'■•<•
DAILY CALL (IneladtnK n.,,,,1,,, »;,„. •'« " '
DAILY CALL ii.rliii|in -im«ln> i. a months; . i-"' 1
DAILY CALL —n> Mtißlr .Month ■■•
«•! Mm CALL on.- .-i. r l.ft <(
\\i;i:ki.v call on«. .-i«r >•<►<»
AH poatntMßtemi art authnrlcrd to receive
— «llii««'T-ipt^riTH».
.•>nnii»l«- « ••!•»' • ivlll I. torvvanlcd nbrn reqneated
OAKLAND OFFICE W»H II roa «I
C GEORGES k ROOVBMi
Miaagrr I ur< l n Advertising, Mnrgnrllf Ilnild-
Idr, I'hlrnßro.
m*\v rORK i I'liiiM-oMirvTi
C C CARLTO3S Herald Square
M:\V YORK REPRBSEXTATIVEI
I*l II It LtKEKS JR. -' Tribune HnlMlnß
c'iti(*\<;o m:\vs staxdsi
*-li«ri»»nu ll. mi- P. " >«•«« < m. : <Ireat \or<b
ern Hotel: Fremont Houses Auditorium Hotel.
m:\v york m:avs stamjsi
Waldnrf-Antnrln Moid: K. llrentnno, 31 I'nlon
bQoarei Murray Hill If.. I. I.
ÜBWTON ID C.\ Ol'FirK. .Wellington Hotel
J. 1.. I \(.l.l"»ll. Currciipandrnl.
KM \\« M OFFICES tsar, M«»ntironiery atreet. eor
tn-r < ln>. tipen unlll :•:.':<• o'clock. ::<ni Hayes
street, <ip<-n until :»::ti» o'clock. '::;:• McAllister
street, open until :•::'.<• o'clock. <>!.*■ I .irWin
street, open until It:.'.. o'clock. i:»ll Mln«lon
street, open until 10 o'clock. : <>| Market
»irrii, corner t«>ciitli. open until » o'clock.
1 •'".»<; \ai«>ncla street* open until :• o'clock.
1«h; Eleventh street, open until 1* o'clock.
JKW. .linn r Twenty—second and Kentucky
>irrri«. open until it o'clock.
AMUSE31ZNTS,
AUCTION SALES.
• 11 o'clock. Furr.!tur«. :. •
■
ThE MISFORTUNES OF hj-ROES.
FOR one cause or another almost every man who i
achieved tame and popularity in the Spanish war
* and won from the people an applause as tumul
tuous and as rapturous as that which greets a new
pnma donna on the night of her hrst success has lost
the favor of the populace and .become a subject of jest
or of denunciation irom the crowd.
Alger was first to excite a glow of adoration in the
hearts of his countrymen, and for a time he was
hailed as the organiser of victory; but soon came the
s^tory of the embalmed beef and Alger fell. Then i
Hobson arose from the wreck he sunk at the mouth !
of Santiago Bay and for a time was worshiped as the t
b.avest of the brave, but he kissed too many girls and
his glory vanished. Sampson and Schley came forth
out of the battle which destroyed the licet of Cervcra
shining like a radiant pair of brothers in arms, but
they fell out with one another and they were no longer
in it with the people. Shatter for a* season was a
young Napoleon and loud were the plaudits that
greeted his name, but he did not take Santiago in a \
swift eagle swoop and he passed. Otis, arhen he suc
ceeded M err in in the Philippines, attracted attention
and was looked to as the general who was to add a
new luster to American arms, but Otis has ceased to
tatisfy. Roosevelt rode into favor as the rough and ;
ready hero whom we love, but Roosevelt has been
talking too much, and already the people are advising >
l.im to hire a hall. Foremost of them all and greatest ■
' *'f thcr.: a'l was Dewey. He indeed had a vast popu
larity. He was in measurable distance of the Presi
dency, but he took unto himself a wife and transferred
to hrr a mansion a grateful people had just conferred !
upon himself, and immediately his picture exhibited j
at a kincto^cope show was hissed by the audience.
The record i< curious, and is as instructive as '
•■trar^c. Popular favor even among a people so well ;
balanced as those of the United States is an uncertain i
thing. A breath may win it and a breath may blast it.
A kiss too much in the case of Hobson, a speech too !
long iti the ca«e of Roosevelt and a honeymoon too
*weet in the case of Dcwey. and there ii the end of
the rapture. Yet there was no just cause to condemn
the hero in either case.
Tnily the life of a popular favorite is not a pleasant :
one. To walk along the path of public favor is like ',
walking a slack rope with high winds blowing
around in fitful gusts. If a hero be the favorite and
the leader nf a great political party he can make his
way with comparative case, for his party will back
him up whatever be <]n?< : \ mt t h e non-partisan fa- j
vorite. the nun with whose successes no political !
measure is bound up. has but a precarious popularity
at best. Up to tlm time of all the men who became
heroes of the populace during the war but two have
avoided a fall. Those two arc the old veterans Lee
and Wheeler, nrd it i< to be noted that each of them 1
is keeping himself safely out of the country until the
fickle storm of popularity blows over.
"Mashers- who may have still enough intelligence !
left to read the newspapers will probably take a leaf
from the Look of Julius Rufus and desist from their
insults to the young women and girls of the city. A
good heating at the hands of an irate father and ninety
days in the County Tail, as Rufus got. ought to act
as deterrents on the vile practice for awhile at least
The National Dcmocrac)" evidently does not be
lieve in a hoodoo. The national executive commit
tee has decided that the campaign of :yoo, like that
of IBg6. shall be directed from Chi^o. If the cam
paigners follow the line of least remittance they arc"
likely to find themselves sliding off the continent
The San Qucntin convict who has just been re
leased after serving twenty-eight years for stealing a
horse ought to make a good advance agent for the
introduction of automobiles.
„ ■ .
It is predicted that the combination of broom
corn dealers and broom manufacturers will sweep
everything before it
THE FATE OF TH.E EOERS.
IT has been no secret that England's pretext for de
stroying the two South African republics is a pre
text only. The mining laws of the Transvaal, the
Government monopoly of dynamite and the fran
are given as reasons why the republics should
be « the face of the earth. The material for a
uhuh exposes the weakness of this case
| :-. is present in South Africa. In
::i the territory of Bechnanaland, there utv
ttrety under Briti.->h jurisdiction. In
their administration is devised directly by Cecil
lea himself. The public tax on the product of
mines is manyfold higher than the
\. and dynamite is much more costly.
In the Transvaal foreigners have a right to vote for
'. chamber of the Volksraad after two years'
md become citizens after twelve years' resi
lu many of the British crown colonies the
rhamber of tl.< -:re i< appointed directly
tly by the crown. Turning to impost taxe-,
with Cape Colony the Transvaal tariff is
■ait on sugar, rice, flour, lard and corn, cover
ing the principal & of hie that have to be
into the two colonies.
stri] pretense the British purpose is the
South Africa. The Boers trekked
the wilderness, where British conquest had not
1 by all law. by all international and
gulation, precedent and ri^ht. are the owners
of the land they have occupied. Eng
a throwing out feelers to test the public
• er nations as to her designs after the
One of these comes
[i ian Administrator," in the Hert
•irr Mercury. It proposes that after the war
• Britain shall l>e the paramount
• r in every p< i \;'rica south >f
except the recognized colonies of
Portugal on the East
ion 1 ■ shall be i •uinication
with . lever except
Iritish High Commissioner. The two
-hall be : -ites. The
ria shall be abandoned and the capital
ted elsewl I the center of that province.
The new federal state of Johannesburg shall be
tween the Tra:: State.
and ci m Kfafeking to th of Natal;
:i with the gold mines shall
from the Transvaal and transfern
-.annesburg under :. I :.'iitions of
I a .■:> or natives to work them.
shall l>e destroyed. No one
wept by permission of the I
The High Commissioner, who is in
I Viceroy, is to be the supreme and final author
rnment This plan pro
riier. that the leaders of "the insurrection,"
en or alien Hollanders, shall be bar.:
I permitted to return for the term
•-. and then under conditions of good con-
It will be seen that this scheme
borrowed from the ; Khan and
Tamerlane, and resembling closely the action of
Bonaparte when he was engaged in the vivisection of
Europe with the sword. The natural boundaries of
the Boer states are to be disregarded. Their capitals
are to be abandoned. Their mines are to be taken
away and elsewhere bestowed. As these mines are
already the property of the South African Mining
Company the pretense of opening them to freedom
of working by Europeans and natives is a delicious
bit of hypocrisy. It will be observed that nothing is
said about changing the conditions of the gold mines
of Rhodesia nor of the diamond mines of Kimberley.
In those mines the native blacks are compelled to
work under a system that is but little better than
slavery. The South African Company desired to in
troduce this into the mines of the Transvaal, but were
prevented by the laws of that republic, which are con-*
ceived in a spirit of justice to the Kaffirs. Under all
the circumstances it is to be regretted that this time
is selected for sending an American fleet to Table
Bay. We have no interests there that can be served
by the presence of a squadron nor that justify the
large expense of sending it. In England and in
Cape Colony this act of our Government is at once
construed as a demonstration of approval of Eng
land's war to destroy two republics, and while it is
reported to have caused great enthusiasm and encour
agement in London and at the Cape, it correspond
ingly depresses and discourages the gallant freemen of
the two republics, who, without a friend among tho
nations, are fighting for their birthright with the
courage of despair.
THE HORSE-STEfILING HABIT.
A GENERAL ta-te for good horses, unaccom
e requisites of ownership, his
- tble to many a man and been the
means of increasing the prison population of the
cour- • rse horse fanciers had served three
terms for horse-stealing, and declared on his last re
lease that he would curh his desire in that direction.
■iv from the prison gate his eye fell on a
Leaning over the fence
he admired the fine animal for a long time, and turn
said, "Well, after all. I do like a good
• "
With such men the taste i« what may be called
lie, for want of I r><-ttrr term. That i« to say, it
i- manifr-ted toward .ill fine hor=e Beth and is not
a secret attachment to one equine individual. All
'-— hnndle. bay or «orrcl. llea-bitten gray or
white or iron g - thoroughbreds, roadster-;
en the \\ ted Pcrcherons — are equally at
tractive, and the midnight fancier who acquires title
by getting hold of i halter with a horse at the other
cn< l : ".on of either. It ii
D of mind as to ownership
tavism, a recurrence to a
ck tyj.e in the remote ancestry of the
race, when nomadic r ( ,rnerl a bfl] o f sa | c
and the wild freedom felt in straddling a bareback
'piiiß to the next oasi- was abrtve all
\ sentiment.
It has remained for California to develop a new ty^ ■
of hor*e thief. We feel that that term is harsh, but let
:i*ider it as merely descriptive and convention?.!.
The doors of San Quentin prison have fasj swung
rd to permit the exit of a man who has reached
the mature a^e of 67. and who has been eight times
• I and sentenced for stealing the same mare!
sentences aggregate forty-one years, and he has
actually served twenty-eight years behind the bars for
dealing that same animal. Hi- tas«e wa c esoteric,
confined by some subtle and secret reason to one
horse. The finest equine charms shown off by others
had no attraction for him. He could have been
trusted alone with Flora Temple. Electioneer
vator or all of the great dams and sires whose pedi
grees illuminate the records of horse aristocracy.
They would have been as safe against theft as a hot
stove But that mare up in Calaveras County wa*
irresistible. As soon as he had served a term for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2.5, 18*99.
stealing her he went up and stole her again. The
eighth time he took her he was caught of courss.
Whenever that mare was missed and he was known to
be at large no time was spent in guessing who had her.
So when she disappeared he was pursued and caught
and sentenced to fifteen years. His time with credit? is
out, and before he was released the mare's owner in
Calaveras was warned to take her in niphts. To this
he answered that the mare died of old age ten years
ago. Her aged admirer said that he was not without
hope, for she may have left a colt! So he is out in the
wide world again, making a bee line for Calaveras to
inquire into the family affairs of that oft-stolen mare,
and if she left descendants it is highly probable they
have inherited the tendency to be stolen by this most
remarkable and persistent and peculiar horse thief that
ever adorned the ranks of that risky vocation.
r RANGE'S Parliament gave promise of a sen
sation on Tuesday. Scarcely had the Chamber
of Deputies got ready for business than a Re
publican member arose and asked who had authorized
the display of red flags at the ceremonies in connec
tion with the unveiling of the statue of the republic
on the previous day. He is reported to have added
to his question a little sarcasm in the form of a com
pliment to President Loubet for his tact in turning
his head and looking in another direction when the
red flags appeared.
In reply to the question M. Waldeck-Rousseau
spoke like a statesman who is sure of his ground.
What he said virtually amounted to a declaration that
while the Government had not authorized the dis
play of red flags, neither had it forbidden such dis
play. In fact, the Government is not afraid of the
red flag nor of those who carry it. The demonstra
tion of popular esteem for President Loubet was a
proof the people are not inclined to revolution, and
therefore there is no need of repressive measures
-t persons who like to make a show of revolu
tionary desires. Moreover, he declared, "it is use
to endeavor to excite public opinion by raising
the red flag bogey as was done fifty years ago."
The question and the reply show the temper of
France. There are still a few persons who delight to
wave the red flag in the eyes of conservatism, and
there are still some conservatives who are alarmed by
the waving. The time, however, when the Govern
ment could be frightened has gone by. The present
Ministry neither cares to suppress the revolutionists
I >es it care to use them as a means of frighten
• c people into consenting to the establishment
of a military tyranny as was done by Louis Napoleon
fifty years .
the showing made the outlook for France, for
lent Loubet and for the Waldeck-Rousseau
Ministry is bright. The Government has confidence
in itself, and that in tuni *ill obtain for it the confi
dence of the public. When Paris is so well ordered
that Ministers do not become excited over the appear
ance of red flaf .t public demonstrations it is
evident things are going well and there is no danger
I
It will be remembered that when the new Cabinet
took office there were predictions it would not last
long. It was said to be a compromise Ministry, rep
resenting no particular party, and called to of:ice only
to carry the country over the crisis in the retrial of
fa*. The -Ministry, however, has had the good
fortune to include among its members one of tho^e
rare men who seem ordained by fate to come forth
at critical emergencies and prove themselves to be
the right men in the right place at the ri^ht time.
Premier Waldeck-Rousseau may not be strong " or
wi-r, but in the War Department there is a statesman
• c first order. General Gallifet has been do
ing a remarkable work in clearing the general
staff and incidentally the army of the gang who made
such a scandal as that of Dreyfus possible. He has
Aon goldf m all sons of people, and he
is known to be resolute and courageous. With such
a man in command of the army there need be no
•of red flags nor of military conspiracies. His
influence has been felt throughout the country, and,
thanks to it. it is quite probable the Waldeck-
Rousseau Ministry will hold office long enough to
see the exposition of next year brought to a close
and the republic entering safely upon new fields of
endeavor.
OUT of the loss of trade resulting from the ex
re of the so-calied "embalmed beef fur
nished to the American army during the Cuban
campaign it was believed the beef trust would learn
a lesson profitable to itself and would never fill a
rnment contract with such stuff again. It ap
howevcr. the lesson uas given in vain, for by
rts from South Africa it i« learned that some of
the beef supplied to the British troops on the trans
ports was of the same kind as that which caused the
scandal here. In fact, the London Chronicle asserts
some authorities in that city nave "a suspicion that
some of the meat supplied to the Government for use
on British transports was meat which had been re
jected by the United States during hostilities in
t, where it was picturesquely known as embalmed
beef, and relabeled with the mark of the, current
year."
It would be a curious commentary on trust methods
of doing businr<s should th»sc suspicions prove to be
well founded We should then have an illustration of
what can be accomplished in the way of selling goods
to advantage under the most adverse circumstances.
The rotten beef supplied to our army was subjected
to a prolonged investigation. A large body of testi
mony was taken and every salient feature of it
elaborated by discussion in Congress, by officials o?
the War Department and by the press. If after all
that the astute salesmen of the betf packers' combine
I take that same old rotten truck, relabel it and
sell it to the British Admiralty Office they deserve
credit for their persistency a<= well as punishment for
the iniquity to which it was devoted.
There is one feature of the case which should not
be overlooked. It has been repeatedly said by the
supporters of the trust system of doing business that
by eliminating competition it would eliminate the
temptation to dishonesty. The trust, having a vir
tual monopoly of some great staple article, could
afford to keep it up to a high standard of purity and
excellence. The managers of the trust would be un
der no necessity to resort to adulterations or other
tricks in order to compete with unscrupulous rivals.
All Mich arguments vanish into nothingness before
the light which has been thrown upon the methods
of the bed trust. Caught in the act of supplying the
American army with vile beef and now suspected of
selling to the Rritish Admiralty the very stuff that
was rejected here, it is evident a trust can be as
tricky .is any rascal on record, and that the frauds
perpetrated in the way of impure foods are not due
altogether to the competitive system- of doing busi
ness.
From the admissions of Editor Henry Watterson
the star-eyed goddesi of Democracy in old Ken
tucky seems to be wearing crepe on her lor* optic.
THE RED FLfIG IN PfIRIS.
EMBALMED BEEF AGAIN.
XJISTOLE SAM-AM I A FOOL?
The whole area of the Philippines is a little over 70,000,000 acres. There
are 100,000,000 acres of the best land on earth in the Western States need
ing only water. — Denver News.
EXPANSION"
VERSUS
IRRIGATION.
John D. Spreckcl? of San Francisco, a
member of the Republican National
Committee, passed through Chic;i.
v en route tv Washington to
a meeting of the committee. He was in-
terviewed in the Windy City and announced himself very em
phatically as an anti-ex; I As I came through the
t prairies of the West.'" he said, "on this trip I could not
help but think of the great good that might have been done
inourown country with the money which we are now spending
to maintain the army in the Philippines. If that money had
been put in irrigation in the Western countries I believe the
United States would have reaped greater benefits from it
than it ever will by the retention of the Philippines."
This is a practical suggestion that will strike the average
reader as ; I sense. The money that ha,
been expended in the Philippines would have constructed
reservoirs ample for the needs of the arid region for a gen
eration, perhaps two generations to come. These re-er
would have brought millions of acres under cultivation, and
made homes for more people than there are in the whole
Philippine archipelago. Their productive ci >uld
have added billions of dollars to the nation's industries and
increased its domestic trade in like proportion. Compare I
purchasing power of an average American family with that
CIVIL SERVICE APPOINTMENTS
UNDER THE NEW CHARTER
To the Editor of The Call: Within the
past ten days several persons who belong
to what Is familiarly referred to In the
papers as "th-; push" have consulted me
with reference to the civil service pro
visions of the new charter. What they
want to know is whether or not, after
making a successful "fight" for a position
under the new government on a spoils
basis, they will be compelled to take up
the study of arithmetic, geography, spell-
In^ and reading In order to qualify them
selves to hold on. I am a strict civil ser
vice reformer myself, entertaining no
sympathy ; whatever for the spoilsmen,
and I have uniformly answered these in
quiries ex parte, in each case advising the
member of "the push" who consulted m*
that the better and safer way was to
observe the law and buckle down to study.
But an examination of the civil *pr\~\c*:
provisions of thi> r | con
vinced me that, whatever may b«vome of
the question of permanent tenure here-
OM thine is quite certain, namely,
the claspif
llshed by the Instrument will not apply to
any person appointed under the v
ment ■••• imes office on Jai: .
next.
I am so well convinced o f this that I am
encouraged to a«ldr> rou in
the hope that you will publish what I
I r.t r. .»t the apjir.-hf nslons of
the large number of worthy citizens who
are anxious to take charge of our public
business at th.- !•• winning of the ■
The charter pi trtftde XIII) for
a Civil Service ■ ■ , n which ahall
be appoin'- | ;../)
and January 1. UN, :ind Which, on ihe
first Monday nft*-r the flr-t day <>( Jan
uary-. MM, shall take office along with the
other officials elected ami
tlon 36. aiti.-!.> XVI). This commission
must then classify the civil service in ac
cordance with the plan otttttaed in sec
tion 11 of the article, and no appoi:
Fhall (thereafter?) be made to any su^h
place except in nccoiMan.-e with rules
adopted by the .
then made for examinations for prcmn
tions. for a prohibitive period. fo r :■
lection of laborers, for returns of the ex
aminers, for reports, etc.. etc.
"the head of the department or office in
which a position classified under this
•rticle Is to be filled snail notify the Com
of a people whose clothing consists of a single abbreviate 1
cotton gown, and whose food staples arc rice and tob 1
and you have the exact difference in its influence on trade
between developing the Philippines and rendering aflbk
productive the lands of the trans-Missouri West.
As a Republican who is stanch enough to be a member
of the National Committee, Mr. Spreckels by this «:
practical suggestion has struck a body blow at the imp'
i-tic policy of the party. Even better than this, his re:
indicates that practical and enterprising bu«ine»s men, -
as he is, are thinking upon this irrigation problem, and be
ginning to realize what irrigation improvement will d'
the arid lands of the West, and the trade results that wi 1
flow from the expenditure of a few millions of Government
money in the construction of storage reserv :-- \V V -- •
class, or enough of them, comprehend the proportion, the
era of irrigation development will not be long delayed.
THERE ARE IN THE PLAINS REGIONS OFTHE UNITED
STATES ABOUT 100.000.000 ACRES OF LAND WHICH OOV
ERNMENT SURVEYS BROW MAY BE BROUGHT UNDER
WATER BY THE CONSTRUCTION OF LARGE SYSTEMS
OF WATER RESERVOIRS. WITH WATER THE LAND
WILL GROW PRODIGIOUS CROPS.
THE ENTIKi OF THE PHILIPPINE «;Rr»T"p
INCLUDING MOUNTAINS, SWAMPS AND v I
OF EVERT! RIPTION. IS PLACED AT 73.1
DENVER NE.
missloners of that fact." the Commission,
ers shall certify to him the name and ad
dress of on© or more candidates, not ex
ceeding three, standing highest In the
class or grade to which the position be
longs, and the official shall then select one
of the three and appoint him.
Then follows the only provision which
seems to Indicate that It was the Inten
tion of the Freeholders to apply the clas
sified service to the government as It will
be constituted on January S:
"All officers, courts, boards and heads of
departments vested in this charter with
the power to appoint deputies, clerks.
stenographers or employes in any of the
oftlces or departments of th« city ar. I
county mentioned in this section shall
Siih .£ appointments in conformity
h\ Vh( i he «r r.r .V 11 f l< an 'l P^'klons proscribed
nn ™»L vk H f: ; aml .? n . y «Ps*>lntment not
so made shall be void." <ifectlon ii. i
Th*» effect of this. however, can only b*>
PPWpectlve. None of the ortlclals who
appoint their subordinates on January 8
nil r^« m "Vl ko *°r the slm
pl« reason that until an employe dies or
mfiT 1 * lh / re will be no vacancy " &
rllml»,f J< i dessnatwl - The Wvll Service
'° r mn - l 0T }, c * nn ? 1 classify th- service
anil li cannot c aflcr v Boes Into offlce
ana It cannot commence to examine ap
•rnm^ nn bb t y PV, blI ? atlon - Therefore the SOT-
Kifis^sss, %&%££ %x£Wn
•n i^-°^ \ he chart <r anywhere provide
January « shall ny or on Elding ortlce on
:, a " u n^ I Bhal ' tak#- the examinations. It
H only by a strain. construction that
the Provisions of article XIII can be made
to apply to them. Every omclal chosen
h> necessity on that date will hold under
a commission duly signed by the head of
Ms department, and how any of them can
be compelled to appear before the Civil
her\ Ice Commission I do not see. Cer
tainly the charter confers no authority
rule" the commission to enforce any such
«, When a vacancy occurs a requisition
must be made and tilled: but there will
be no vacancies until somebody die* or
resigns, which I believe rarely happens.
♦ u Ther .. ore the conclusion is lrre?lsltlb!e
that all persons who obtain appointment*
under the municipal government on Jan
uary 8 will continue in offlce without ex
amination until death, resignation or dis
missal for cause after trial. That Is to
say. this will be the case if the Supreme
court shall decide at some future tlmo
i n a R rr> action, that It 1* constitutional
for Boards of Freeholders to prescribe
longer terms for municipal offlclaU than
four years. Nov. 22. D. SQUIRES
San Francisco. Nov. 22. 1S».
WILL PUBLISH THE
CHARTER TOMORROW
To meet the increasing
demands of our subscrib
ers and of those city offi
cials particularly inter
ested in the provisions
of the New Charter, The
Call will publish that
instrument IN FULL as
a supplement of to-mor
row's issue of the paper.
In addition there will
be a synopsis containing
the number of office
holders, terms, salaries,
etc.
CaL glacefrult 50c p*r lb at TownseaU s •
Special Information supplied <!a!!T f>
**re«» ClU>pln» Uureau (Allen's). 5: • Mont
gomery «tre«t. Telephone Main ltftt. •
Failed to Appear in Court.
E. C. Hansf-n. the soldi. -■- accused of In
sulting the daughter of J. P. Perry la
front of the California Theater, failed to
answer to his name when call- in Jud*ra
Mogan* court yesterday and a bench
warrant, was issued for his arrest. II waa
given over Tuesday afternoon to the cus
tody of Captain DuboU. Company F.
* orty-second Infantry, on the under
standing that he would have him in court.
TV
Th# meat efficacious atlmuUn- to ■h*rp#n th«
»PP«tlt« Is Dr. 8l««.rt a Ar. M ur» UltUra.
Se» that y oa ftt the gesuiM.__ m ADVERTISEMENTS.
KELLY & LIEBES' SUIT HHIKP
JLJII Jll/UJL^
120 KEARNY STREET.
~—^— — — ■
The Genuine Near- $§$£§% China Seal Fur Cape,
Sealjacketsforwhlch Tg^l? ,6, 6 |nches deep, fine
we are the agents are jg.«g satin lining, high
as elegant as any Uv ' „ i
cnoidi v *»«'v storm collar, value
sealskin. None can >«Sp fe*Tk^V Soeclal for
equal ours lor style.^^|| \lbO $l 7 SPeC ""
■«■" $35.00 liB; $15.00
— -^2Js fl f! ' ™
- ' LARGE PLAID SK.RTS, all wool, for
$5.00
$6.«j0 HOMESPUN CLOTH SKIRTS, ail wool, for
$4.00
57.50 TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKET, this sea-
son's, for
$5.00
$1.2*0 ALL SILK LINED TAN JACKETS, new, for
_ $10.0<)
$27.^0 LOOSE BACK COVERT JACKET, plaid
back, for
$22.50
$20 Tailor-Made Dresses for $15
THIS SEASON'S BEST STYLES. IN CAMELS' HAIR
CLOTHS, LIGHT AND DARK GRAYS,
BROWNS. BLUES AND BLACK. JACKETS SILK
LINED. FULL FINISHED SKIRTS
WITH HABIT BACKS. THESE ARE $20 VALUES
AMUSEMENTS. I
COLUMBIA vSa I
LAST 4 NIGHTS! >»-\
MAT SAT. XWI4YX
BROADHURSTS I blrllTn
FUNNIEST I OIVIITH ]
FARCE il LEFT j
PRICES: VhOIYIE/
_„__- ■ JACOB LITT'S
NEXT COLOSSAL
WEEK.I SPECTACULAR
I PRODUCTION.
UROXBON HOWARDS CREAT WAR AT.
I iiKENANiIOAH! I
•'Ifs the »>ert fl*r I have ever r^-n."— |
« ru'i N'lM.n A. MlUe.
I zoo 1 ARTILLERY I™ I
pwopi F INFANTRY HOPSHS
1 kOPL • I CAVALRY Hb ' I
.: IT HAS NEVER HEEN FKEN BEFORS.
THE GREATEST
BATTLE SCENE
EVER CIVEN ON ANY STAGE.
BEATS READY THIS MORNING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER Hi-
NOT A PRAT AT 7 O'CLOCK LAST NIGHT.
THERE ''AN SCOW BE SO LET UP.
THAU & KENNEDYS
rv«rla«lr.« Fw»-.l!nh IMalert SucreM.
TJIE LANDSLIDE OF LAUGHTER,
YON YONSON!
REMEMBER SPECIAL SI'NDAY MATINEE.
UXTRA!
EEATS READY TO-
..V^^. "• MORROW FOR
/ *(3P»>V •, THE FAVORITE
/•^rafll ••Frawley Company
* C -ft&W •In a Stupendous Produc-
• T * tlpa of tn * fir '"" t Xn K-
•, "X^.-,^---*, * jisli Racing Drama,
\£^~\/ 4 *IHE SPORTING
V • DUCHESS."
BCXDAT NIGHT NEXT.
%*.-tiv!th«tan.l:nß the Great Exj>eri<e of This
rr^w.tatir.n th»re *11l be no advance In Prires.
J'««PT"LAR-E".»-nlnir T^c. We. SSc
I'IUCE.S. Matlne>s
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN m.
A PERFECT FI:RORE!
EVERY EVENING.
Rice's Famous Extravaganza,
Evangeline!
Ari'l"^'* *• th ' * cho * vp ry «>v»ninir by '
. v . l and enthusiastic houses. Don't miss |
ihu 11. Jones' <»r*-ate«t Triumiih, The March
< f Patriotic <'oloni. by Beautiful Girls. S«-e the
M'.r.aet a la Wctteau by Kewltchlnc Coryphee*.
The F\jnn!«^t and Must Enjuyabt* Entertain-
lr)«'tt cX ihe Y«-ar.
PRICE?. We. H*. Sic. 15c, 10c.
Good RrjKt-v-^d f>»ti> at Saturday Matinee. 25c.
liranch Ticket Office. Emporium.
JIACDONOI7GH THEATER— Oakland.
THC YOLKO AMERICAS' TRAGEDIENNE.
NANCE O'NEIL.
TO-Nir.HT-'THE JEAVESS."
Friday Evtnlnif— "Pchrwl for Scandal.."
SATURDAY MATINEE— "CAMII^E."
Fsturdny nv«-nln«. Lest NlKht— "Oliver Twist."
iTir*-*. Tic. 60c. 2Ut. feats now Selllnt.
Weekly Call.sl.oo per Year
*
I AMUSEMENTS.
SHOWER OF METEORS STILL IN TOWN !
CORA ■"art an: COMPANY, in the ,
B«WteßU M comedy. 'THE FAIR EQUESTRI-
ENNE.' i
MKJNON. America's greatest child dancer.
RICE AND ELMER. In "A RUBE'S VISIT
TO CHIS'ATOWN."
LUCIE VERDIER. the famous Instrumental
musician.
RYAN AND RICHFIELD. CHERIDAH !
6UIPSOX. nURTONS ACROBATIC DOGS
AMERICAN RIOGRAPH. *^~0.
Last week of the famous Parisian beauty
CORNILLE.
Rf-served teats, tie; balcony. 10c; o;-»ni choirs
ar.d box seats. 5C«c.
Matlr.ee Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday. i
NEXT WEI X.—
MOST IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT.
Queen of Comic Opera.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE,
AND A HIG NEW VAUDEVILLE COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. |
FINAL PERFORMANCES of the
GRANI> AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-XIOHTI TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Verdi's Gr»at Tragic Creation.
"ERINAINI."
The Reautlful Ballad Opera,
"/VVARITANA."
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee.
Saturday Nlrht— The Famous Double Bill
"CAVALLKItIA" AND "PAGLJACCI "'
Sunday Evmlr.ir— "AIDA." "All
Farcwll to Fitcnors Salassa and Avedano.
POPULAR PRICES-IS AND 59 CENTS.
Telephone for S«-ats, Bush 8.
Krai '.-k — The Ennrmously • Successful
Corr.lr Op,,^ -the HOOLAH."
THE PEOPLES PLAYHOUSE.
Eddy and Jones St». Phone SOUTH 770.
™? t.^> YE . OF L SDCCESS Indescribable
in Its Intensity Sweeps Over This Popu-
lar Theater.
EVERY EVENING
MATINEES THIS SATURDAY AND SUN-
It looks though the' entire population of i
GTafsuks- «
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
SECURE YOUR SEATS NOW
FBIDAY NIOHT-BUCK AND vnjsoDAlfC
ING CONTEST "f~~'
PRICES:
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK? ■
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
My Friend %
From India. <j*
"Bulletin"— L. R. Stockwell keeps the audi-
ence laughing until they can hardly breathe.
Next Week— "SAINTS AND SINNERS."
MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
n A true picture
Panorama of the £rent
lailUiailia battlcnsitwan
r\ iii P won by Admiral
Bat tie oi Gcor6c Dcwc y- I
i^utiiv vi Open d-I|y from
lllanila Bay Market St., nr. Bth t
LHEIM ' ■ *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1899.
COCHRANE MAKES
VIGOROUS DENIAL
Attorney Furious Over
Bribery Charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Nov. 22.-Attorney
James W. Cochrane declares that he d:d
, not offer a bribe of $500 to Dr. Wlnn to
change the testimony he was expected to
offer ln the Griffin cane. Dr. Wlon as
that he solicited no bribe and did
not tell anybody at all that Cochrane had
■ vored to corrupt him. Cochrane Is
emphatic ta his statement that Winn d.d
come into the offices of Jones & O'Don
aeU in the Parrott building a week ago
• y and did ask for $100 to give
testlm : | :..-. ruble to the defense. Winn
siiys he was not there.
Attorney J. W. Keycs, Patrick Mulva
' ney and another person say that Winn
accused Cochrane of attempted bribery in
a saloon In San Francisco. Winn admits
he woe in the saloon and says he was
sober; the others say be was partially
intoxicated. Attorney Cochrane made a
positive declaration that he would stand
up In court to-day and there air his
grievances. He did not and his friends
i now assert that he was entirely ..oo mod
| tst to seek such publicity.
This mass of statements, contradictory
and otherwise, represents the status of
the corruption charges In the famous
Griffin will case. As all connect
ed with the affair except the plaintiff and
I his lawyer are falling over one another
I to register denials It is unlikely that the
I Grand Jury will have a chance to enjoy
j itself by holding an investigation.
! "I didn't solicit a bribe, was never of
| fered one and didn't ask for one. That
;is all I have to say." This was Dr.
j ion's statement.
"If Winn said I offered nlm $600 he 13
lan Infamous liar. He came to Mr. O'Don
; nells office in the Parrott building aw«;ek
j ago last Monday evening and in the pres-
J ence of Attorney Jones and myself asked
| for tIOO. He was refused and went away.
: The man is a morphine fiend and is drunk
I half the time. Nothing ho says can be
; trusted." This Is Attorney Cochrane's
; version.
The defense continued the furnishing of
: evidence showing Mrs. Griffin to be sane
■ to-day and contrary to expectations v 111
• not finish until to-morrow. Those who
: swore they believed Mrs. Griffin sane
from the business relations they had with
her were: Chester Patton. ex-Judge
, Fisher, Edward Bean, S. Browning, Mrs.
i Mary Rer.ehan. Mrs. Annie McEwen and
, Andrew Markham. a director of the Don
; ahue line. While cross-examination did
i not affect the evidence given It was not
: of a strong character.
Attorneys Jones & O'Donnell, who
opened the Griffln will, testified to Its
! validity, as did also Arthur T. Barbour,
a witness to the testament. Court was
: then adjourned until to-morrow morn
i Ing.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has Just unearth^ an
other band of counterfeiters and secured a larpe
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
executed that the average person would never
tunpect them of being spurious. Thlncs of
great value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Ho«tetter"s Stomach Bitters, which
ha» many Imitators but no equals for disorders
like Indtgestlan. dyspepsia, constipation, ner
vousness and general debility. See that a pri
vate Revenue Stamp covers the neck of th«
bottle.
BEECHAivi'SPiLLSJ
' cure bilious and nervous ills, I
sick headache, disordered
I liver and impaired digestion. *
| lOcentunnd 3.'. •' Nt«. at .ill <lru(T otorco. 7
NOTICE TO MEMBERS OF
THE FIRST TENNESSEE
REGIMENT.
The First Tennessee Regiment will letve the
Ferry at foot of Market street, at 2:00 p. m.. J
to-day. November a, connecting with the Spe-
cial Trains at Oakland Pi«r.
■*■ Brr nnil I I Comer Fourth and
cafe wmm
Valises checked free.
COKE! COKE!
p. A. McDonald.
' Wholesale Dealer »nd Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE HI FOLSOM ST.
1
AMUSEMENTS. |
STEEPLECHASE !
CENTRAL PARK. &s£?*&
V*Ll^ I RrtL rrtKl\. jto U . 30 p
A GALE OF MERRIMENT 13
SWEEPING THE PLACE.
PROFESSOR HILL. IN His Darinif High Wire
Feats.
nSFFBIBB-FITBBIIOIOKa Entire Fight—
Every Round.
THE BICTCLE CIRCUS— A Genuine Novelty.
Try Tour Wings on the Aerial Trolley.
Se«! the Animals Fed in the Human Cage.
Look out for the EARTHQUAKE FLOOR and
the lively Ul> >\vi:r< Hear the Mechanical
Hands. A host of other attractions.
Cv to Sea on the
-DAZZLE.
Admission. 10c, Includes a Hide on the Horses.
Handsome Presents to the Winners.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
'every afternoon and evening.
frank MALL
Subduing "Wallace," the Monster Lion.
MAJOR M1TE........ ..MAJ0R MITE
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
MLLE. LIRA. Sensational Dancer.
Hlch Diver and a Great Show.
Try to Die In the "CAHARET DE LA MORT."
TO-NIGHT!
AMATEUR SPECIALTY
PERFORMANCE. Introducing the
MIKADO miNSTRELS
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Meeting. November M to December 2.
1*59, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine
Five, or more races each day.
Racars ft ait at ; li p. m. ehnrp.
Ferry-boats Irave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:S0. 1. 1:30. J. 2 M and 3 p. m.. connecting
with train* stopping at the entrance to the I
trach. Last two cars DO train reserved for la I
dies an 1 their escorts; no Finoking. U y your !
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via I
Oaklanl mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Itroadway. Oak-
land. Also all train* via Alamerta mole con-
nect with .San Pablo avi-nuc cars at Fourteenth
an.i Broadway. Oakland. These electric car»
go direct to the track" In flftepn minutes
Returning— Trains l-ave the truck at 4 15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
HOMAP H WILLIAMS JR. President'
R n Mil 'V S«-cretarr.
:
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CONCERT -———
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
Management of MR. DAVID W. LOIUNG.
HERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING Nov. 23 lSs>9
At 8:15 o'clock.
Tickets. M cents. Including Reserved Seat.
Now on Sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.V
QUINCY'S RECEPTION TO
LIEUTENANT CALDWELL
Citizens of the Gallant Young Naval Officer's
Town Will Welcome Him Home.
QUINCY, 111., Nov. 22 — Qulncy will make to-morrow a holiday over tho re
turn of the grallant naval officer. Lieutenant Harry H. Caldwell. U. S. N.,
secretary to Admiral Dewey, and according to "the admirals own words
his right-hand man at Manila and ln the trying times which followed the
memorable hattle.
v - ns th* writer ot Dewey's famous dispatches following the sinking of
the Spanish tleet that this young officer first came Into notice, and his capa
bility la thiF frying position has kept him at the front. When Admiral Dewey
returned ti Washington last month he Introduced Lieutenant Caldwell to Presl
ua "the talented young officer who composed all my dispatches
But It 18 nut only as a master of clrar English and diplomacy that
distinguished. He wield* the sword as well as the per., and when at
I Manila the QU >ta "f line officers wa? short he rolunteered to dlrt-ct
one of the Olympia ~ , y batteries and did It In a manner that won the
approval of nil captain and obtained for him especial mention ln reports for
gallantry In action. For this he was promoted ten numbers In the list of en
signs und lat>--r was apain promoted to lleuter.unt. Junior grade. Since his return
to this country he has been again promoted and now holds the rank of lieu
tenant of the senior grade.
If A.imlral Dewey had not veto«»d the expedition at the moment It was setting
out Lieutenant Caldwell would have vied with Hobson in audacity and daring.
After the battle In which the Spanish fleet was sunk the Americans discovered
that ■erera] small Spanish gunboats had taken refuge ln the Paslg River, where
the draft cf the American men-of-war would not allow them to follow. To
allow these detractive little fighters to remain where they were was a constant
menace to the fleet and there was much concern as to how they should be cap
tur. .1 or destroyed. Then It waa that Lieutenant Caldwell laid a plan before the
admiral. It was to take an armed boat's crew at nifht into the river and tor
pedo the gunboats. The risk attached was fearful, and the originator of the
plan knew that the chances were 100 to 1 that not a man would get back alive.
If they were not blown up along with the boats they destroyed they would be
Intercepted by the soldiers and cut to pieces. But the young officer argued that
the gunboat* must be dtstroyed for the safety of the whole fleet, and that It
would be better to lose a handful of men than all. Finally and reluctantly the
a.imirn! pave hi? consent and Caldwell got his volunteer crew together and was
on the point of setting off when his commander's heart failed him and he ordered
him back.
The pluck and determination that has brought reward to him in his chosen
profession has always characterized Caldwell. He belonged to that large class
of American boys who have their own way to make ln the world. He was not
blessed with riches, and being a sturdy boy he enrly started to carry pnp<*r= r<>r
an afterr.oon dally. When he reached the age of 14 an<! • man year In the
hljrh school a vacancy for his Congressional district occurred at Annapolis. On
the morning that the competitive examination was held he flrst heard about it
and determined to try It. He presented himself before the examiners an .
given the list of queetlons. He worked at them until the hour when It was
necessary to be at the newspaper office to carry his route. Gathering up his
papers unfinished he handed them to the board and told the members that he
would hay.- to quit ln order to attend to his duties. He was told that It was
against the rulvs governing examinations to allow a candidate to leave the room
Rr.d again tuke up the task. Then he said: "I shall have to give this up. I
must carry my route." And he did.
This devotion to duty surprised and pleased the board and It determined to
Five this sturdy lad a chance. That evening he was sent fur and allowed to fin
ish tr 'n the Congressman's office. He w.. n the appointment. In the
fall of l* y 7 he reported at Annapolis and began his naval education.
;tenant Caldwell will return to his old home ln Qulney to-morrow, and ln
the evening ■ banquet will be given him at the Hotel Ne*wcomb. Two hundred
1 do honor to their distinguished young townsman and
t to him a magnlllcent sliver loving cup to commemorate his services at
a.
The cup Is eighteen Inches high, gold-lined and of Roman design. On one
face is engraved the cruiser Olympla and on the reverse the following Inscrip
tion: "Presented to Lieutenant Harry Handley Caldwell. U. S. N., by his fel
low dtlaena of Quincy. 11l , November 23. is<«, commemorating his gallant serv
•:!e of Manila May 1, IS -
\\ !;■ :. !.i t.-nant raid well reaches Qulncy he will be received by a reception
committee of citizens and the military and naval reserve furces of the city and
. • his home in triumph.
LONG WILL ASK FOR
EIGHTEEN WARSHIPS
Three of the Proposed Vessels to Be
the Largest in the United
States Navy.
WASHINGTON, Nor. 22.— Secretary
Long will recommend to Congress a pro
gramme for new naval construction which
will bo In accordance with the policy that
has born pursued for 'lie past three years.
He will ask for three armored cruisers
of about 13.00 tons displacement, three
protected crui«ers of about 1008 tons and
a dozen gunboats of BrnO tons, making
eighteen fhips In all.
The armored crullers will be enlarged
Brooklyns. Improved in many details, and
will be the biggest ships In the Unlt<*il
States navy, having groat speed. Th.»
protected cruisers will be of tne Olympia
type. The gunboats will be about the
Elzt of the little Marietta and of light
draft.
An Excellent Combination.
1 The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
BTBDr of Figs, manufactured by the
Califokma Fio BimiP Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative uml presenting 1
them in the form most refreshing to the
tast* and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, hcadnches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna &nd
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fie Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
IiOUIBVILLE, KY. NEW YORK. IT. T.
For Bale by all Druggist!.— Price 50c. per bottle
. Yf re;oraied
J||t Lamps,
SfF^- ;-S Gr.-at VarUty!
%&«,&>. a i til At A|l Wees. '
«^Sa^^is^JK »i.co a Wrk.
djfe CHICAGO
M*k\ CLOCK CO.
n^^^jjwj l8 ' 4 Market St
Open Evenings.
vvwv T\r* Permanent cure. Entire time
II! sLy (!evot " l to rectal disease*.
rI I f 1 References, those cured. No
I YYjJUhJ Vt T «:p'- A J. ATKINS.
M D.; 835 Sutter St.. San
Francisco, hours 1 to 3 p. m.
WILL PUBLISH THE
CHARTER TO MORROW I
To meet the increasing
demands of our subscrib
ers and of those city offi
cials particularly inter
ested in the provisions
of the New Charter, The
C;ll will publish that
instrument IN FULL as
a supplement of to-mor
row's issue of the paper.
In addition there will
be a synopsis containing
Hie number of office
holders, terms, salaries,
etc.
SACRAMENTANS COMPLAIN
OF POOR TRAIN SERVICE
Two O'Clock Train Discontinued and
Travelers Forced to Patronize
the West-Bound Flier.
BACRAMKNTO, Nov. 22.— Much com
plaint is expressed lure relative to the
Southern I'm. lrtc train service. Some
weeks ago. without any apparent good
reason, the 2 o'clock local afternoon train
for San Francisco was withdrawn, al
though It bad always been liberally pa
tronized by business men and th« public
generally, who desired to arrive at the
metropolis to attend the theaters or nil
business engagements. As a concession
to the public, however, and to satisfy the
complaints, the Southern Pacific made the
announcement that Saeram«<ntuns who
wanted to reach San Kraml.-co in |
sonable hour might take the new west
bound flyer, which is supposed to come ln
at 2:10 o'clock and leave five minutes
later, but the train Is often late in arriv
ing here and the wait wl.*n it does come
Is scarcely long enough to enable a man
to catch his breath. Besides be must pay
the Pullman fee for a seat, and if there
are no spare seat! he cannot gn at all.
The westbound overland, whl^h is -ui;>
pof=ed to leave three hours later, I
layed half tho time, often being thl
four hours late. Besides this, the local
for Stockton is frequently two and three
hours beoind sch.-duled time ln leaving
Sacramento and the result Is naturally a
great Inconvenience to tho<.-> who have
business or other engagements at Stock
ton and figure .n keeping them by using
thf Southern T'acirtc time table as tho
basis for their calculation.
DOUBLE TRACK FOR
THE UNION PACIFIC
Work Will Be Begun Between Omaha
and Denver Early Next
Year.
OMAHA, Nov. H— President Horace G.
Hurt of ihe Union Pacific says bis
will be the tii-t west of the Missouri
River to have a double tra<k. and that
work of laying the second track, probably
between Omaha nnd Denver, will prob
ably be begun n«-xt >>-ur.
TTafnC ox all kin. ls has been bo heavy
the past ye. it thai the carrying capacity
lias been overtaxed and the proposed un
provement made Imperative.
Killed by a Train.
FKKSN >. Nov. It This morning the
decapitated body of Nels Ottoaon, a na
tive of Denmark. rxK< <\ 10, was found on
the main track of the Southern i'a. ui^
oiu mile routh (1 f town. He had evl
dently be«-n killed by the north bound
irain last night or by the owl train this
monring. The bods was fully fort,
from th< i lace where the accidi . •
curred. Papers found on the body show
that Ottoson had led a roving car
a laborer in London and various State*
in America.
Get the Best.
If ynu want the b^st lun<-h you should m> to
the Utst lunch place. Zlnkand'e, of cuurs«. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE'S "THE TAMING OF THE SHREW"
Copyright. 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Dr. William J n^!f» r>r n-_..
D^Scudd^and Sthe^**** S " C °° k - L>r Hlr " r - ™° n> VT " aa N * SSS^DrWS
VI. THE TAMING OF THE SHREW
That Shakespeare did not write certain
portions of several of the plays attributed
to him Is now a well-established fact:
and "The Taming of the Shrew" Is one of
these pieces of mixed authorship, and one
that presents peculiar difficulties to the
critic who attempts to settle the date of
Its composition and the precise share that
our dramatist had In it.
The History of the Play.
"The Taming of the Shrew" was first
printed, so far as we know, in the fe
1623. A quarto edition appeared In IS3I.
with the following title page, which I
transcribe from one of the copies ln the
Boston Public Library:
"A Wlttl« and Pleasant Corned!* Called The
Taming of the Shrew.' As It was acted by his
Maiestles Servant* at the Blacke. Friers and
tho Globe. Written by Will. Shakes^are.
London. Printed by W. S. for John Smeth
wicke. and are to be sold at his Shop in Saint
Dunstonea Churchyard, voder the I 'Mil. l«l."
A minute comparison of th'.s q
with the folio proves that the former was
printed from the latter. Mr. J I" Cottier
(in his second edition of Shi
works) maintained that the quart
printed before 1623— perhaps as early as
r l."!*—an d that a remnant of the
ei'.itlon was brought out by ■methwtcke
in 1631, with a new title page, but it hftl
HELEN FAUCIT LADY MARTIN),
(Macready*S chW associate in Shakespeare presentation.)
been shown that the title page forms part
of the first sh<v»t of the book an-1 that
■;>• r on which It Is prlnt.-.l i
tl<\il with that uned fur the rest of the
play.
In the folio th© play was evidently
printed- from a manuscript copy which
had been used by the actors In learning
their parts. The name "Slncklo" appears
In the first scene of the Introduction as
the prefix to a speech of one of the play
ers: "[ think 'twas BotO that your honor
means." Sinoklo, Slnklo or Slnkler, as the
name is variously spelled, was an actor
of the time, who played in other of Shake
speare's dramas. A»rain. In 'The Shrew,"
111, 1, the servant who enters Is called "a
messenger" in the folio, and the prefix In
his speech Is "Nlcke," which probably
stands for Nicholas Tooley. one of the
actors In Shakespeare's company, a list of
which Is given in the introductory pages
of the folio.
The play Is not mentioned in Francis
famous list of twelve plri .
Phakoi-peare In If)' 11 *, but those who betters.
that it was written several years earlier
lay stress on the fact that Meres "affects
a pedantic parallelism of numbers," and.
while string .<■• I - medles a
tragedies, nilcht not Include all the com
edies then .iik and Hertz
berg pet over the difficulty by assuming
that "The Shrew" Is the "Lovers
Won" mentioned by Meres, but the critics
.<• that play to have been
• rly form of "All's Well That Endfl
WVM "
Suftlce It here to Fay that the critics
difT.-r Wldl If MM to the date Of "The
Bhrew." Drake, Knight and Deltas put it
first making It
in UM Chalmers LfiM, Collier (whom •
White Is Inclined to I ■ Fleay
Furnlvall 15%-97 an.i Dowden
I p The Internal • I
to me to fiver a <hit.- r:.n later thai
a:.il oertalnly not more than a year or so
earllv-r.
"The Taming of the Shrew."
In 1594 a play was published anony
mously under the title of "A Pleasant
Conceited Historic Called the Taming of
a Shrew," which has been "sundry times
acted by the Right Honorable the Eorle
of Pembrook his servants." It was "print
ed at London by Peter Short" and "«jtd
by Cuthbert Burble, at his shop at the
Koyale Exchange." A second edition was
Issued in 15% and a third In NOT.
Of the first (lfM) edition only one copy
is known to be In existence. It Is In the
library of the Duke of Devonshire, who
paid £97 for It In 1834. Of the lusis edition
also but one copy is extant. In the library
of Lord Francis E«erton. Of the third
edition thro? copies survive, one of which
belongs to the Duke of Devonshire. The
llrst Edition was reprinted by Stevens In
1776, by the Shakespeare Society In l<4l
and again in "Shakespeare's Library"
(second edition, 1875); also In IlalllwcU's
great folio edition of Shakespeare (IjOJ-oo)
and the "Bankelde" edition ilS«).
Who wrote this piny? A few critics
hare thought that Shakespeare was the
author— or one of the authors, for II has
come marks of a mixed composition— hut
this seems to me very Improbable. One
writer says that the resemblance between
portions of It and the later piny prove
that the two must have come from the
same hand; but they prove simply that
Shakespeare did not trouble himself to
rewrite those parts of the original', but
left them pretty much as he found them.
The theory that Shak*>spcare wrote the
old play has been ably defended by A. 11.
Frey In the introduction to the "Har.k
slde edition of the play. He lays some
stress on the fact that Sly Is the name of
the tinker in the earlier Induct as In
the later: and both Christopher Sly and
Stephen Sly are proved by ancient rec
ords to have been Stratford names .11 the
poet's day. But Stephen Sly is found only
In Shakespeare's play (md. 2. 91). and the
sole evidence that the earlier tinker was
called Christopher is his referring to him
self as "Don trlsto Vary" once when he
is under the delusion thai he Is a lord
Even If he was a Christopher Sly it may
be a mere coincidence, as Sly was not
an uncommon name elsewhere In Eng
land. The other Warwickshire allusions
—to Wlneot, Barton-on-the-Heath, etc —
are not found in the old play.
if Shakespeare wrote the old play it is
strange that in revising It he changed the
names of all the characters except Kate
(which he Italianized into Katherina) and
Sly. The latter he very likely retained be
cause it was a Stratford name. The eccno
of the old play Is in Athens, but in the
later one It is changed to Padua. Shake
speare was In the habit. of making the««e
changes In names and localities when
dealing with the work of other men (as
for Instance. Lodge's novel of "Rosa
lynde" In "As You Like It") except In his
torical or quasi-historical plays but
r^-uint no evidence thai he ever did it in
revising or rrcon.-tructlng work of nU
r!# ;-^° r^ft. 80 fnr a * 'am aware, ha*
referred to this whnU-»alr change of
names In "The Shrew" ns rearing upon
the question of authorship. l,ut It sterna
to me to have some w.Mp'.it— at least In
connection with other arguments on th«
same side. E»en If Hhak. «p.>are hi.t
wished to change th<- seme of the earlier
Tiny, v was not necessary to change the
names of the character.-*. Firando <th«
original of lvtruchlo) was already Ital
ian, and Aurelius Alphonsun. etc., could
have been made Italian by changing th.»
ending— us to o. If all the old names ha 1
been retained It would rot have been a
worse medley than he has given us In
"A Midsummer Night's Prvam." "Twelfth
Night" and certain other plays.
To my thinking the Inferior versifica
tion of the old play proves conclusively
that It was not written by Shakcspear*.
He was a born m»tr!*t. His ver»e in ih<>
earliest work that can be ascribed to him
is always faultless In structure and gen
erally smooth and musical. The earliest
date that has been conjecturally assigned
to the old play .- I believe. VX). or almost
exactly the m* as that of "Love's
Labor's Lost." which Grant White make*
"not later than IZSS." and the majority of
other critics IWI or ISD2. at latest.
The Relations of the Earlier Play to
the Later One.
• write t v
; ■• • ■ • .
. to It, L;t tt : ri',l i>r
his play is a
earlier one. On tho
whole. It Is more
probable that ho
worked, not upon
the original "Taming
of a Shrew." but up
on i revised and
enlarged version of
that comedy mado
by some unknown
writer and no longer
extant. This Is tho
theory of Furnlvall.
Dowden and others.
As Furnlvall puts It.
"An adapter, who
used at least ton bits
of Marlowe In it.
first recast the old
play, and then
Shakespeare put Into
the recast the scenes
In which Katherina.
Petruchlo and Clru
mlo appear." Dow
den remarks: "In
The Taming of tho
Shrew* we may dis
tinguish three parts:
11) The humorous In
duction, in which
Sly. the drunken
tinker, is the chi»f
person: (2) a comply
«>f character, th*
Shrew and her tamer
Pcfruchio being the
hero and heroine; i ;>
a comedy of lntriguo
—the story of Blunru
and her rival lovers.
Now the old play of
*A Shrew" contains.
In a rude form, tho
scenes of the induc
tion, and the chief
scenes In which po.
truchlo and Ka:h-
„ . . „ original writer Fer
ando and Kate) nppear: but nothing In
this old nlay corresponds with tho In
trigue of Blanca's disguised lovers. It
.!' how , eve r. In the scenes connected with
these Intrigues that Shakespeare's hand
Is least apparent."
Grant "White also recognizes traces of
three writers In th*> play. The author of
the old play Is to bo credited with "the
* tr J? C }u Te of the plot and tne incidents
and the dialogue of most of the minor
Frenes : the second writer with "the
greater part of the love business between
IManca and her two suitors." whllo "to
bhake«peare belong the strong, clear
characterization, the delicious humor and
the rich verbal coloring of the recast In
duction and all the scenes In which Kath
erina and P»-truchlo and Grumlo apptar
together with the general effect produced
by scattering lines and words and phrases
here and there and removlne others else
where throughout the play.
This last point seems to me an Impor
tant rt™: and Jt explains. I think. th«
difficulty that some of the critics have
had In deciding Just how much Shake
speare had to do with certain parts of
the play. H. rewrote considerable por
tions of It and retouched the rest *^
The Sources of the Plot.
The story of the induction Is very an
cient, at least as old as the tale of "The
SWt! AwakrnM" In the "Arabian
Nights. The author of the old play prob
ably took It from an anecdote In a col.
lection of short comic stories "sett forth
by Halster Richard Edwards. malsNr of
her Majesties revels in 157i>." Other old
versions, besides that In the "Arabian
M sh J s> ,, are n str ' r >' of th * Kmperor
Charles V, recorded by Howard Statin
ton In his edition of Shakespeare- and a
similar story of Philip the Oood of Bur
gundy, narrated by Burton In his "Anat
omy of Melancholy." IQL Burton also
quotes an anecdote of a Tartar prince
takon from Marco Polo, which is of the
same tenor.
The story of Blanca and her lovers is
founded upon Gascolgne's "Supposes " ,i
translation of Arloato's "I Suppositl "
which was first acted In ISCB. The Italian
play was first published In 1324 and re
printed eight times bt-furr 13DS. The Latin
lesson was perhaps suggested by a simi
lar scene In tho play of 'Three Lords ami
Ladies of London." 1.'.n0.
The Katherina and Petruchlo part of th*
plot has not l*-en traced beyond the old
play of \yj\: but somewhat similar stories
of wife-taming had appeared earlier In
English. Spanish and Italian. A humor
ous tale In verse, entitled "A Merry lesto
of a Shrewd and Curste Wyfe. Lapped In
■Morrellns Skin, for Her Good B«hauyor "
was printed in London without date but
probably as early as ISCOL It became very
popular. I-anfham In his famous "Let
ter from Ker.llworth" (IJ7S) refers to It
as one of the stories which Captain Cox
had "at hi.- lingers' ends."
Note— This study of "The Taming of the
Bhrew." by Dr. W J. Rolfe. will be con
tinued on Monday next.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1000.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Hcusehold Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15. 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
Notice.
Certain advertisement* by the Spnrkj Auto
mobile Company, containing Illustrations of Au
tomobile, having appeared In certain papers. w«
call your attention to th • fact that th-»* i::-j,.
tratlons were copied from th» cata!o£U» U*u«d
by the Wood* Motor Vehicle Company and th*
vehicles are manufactured by Ml exclusively.
It U due to the patrons of th- Woods Motor
Vehicle Company to know that the Illustration*
referred to belonjj to us and that we arc not la
any way Interested in the Sparks Autcraobllc
Company. WOODS MOTOII VEHICLE COM
PANY. Chicago. 111.
Lord Salisbury 111.
LONT" 'N H -- : ■■' ' ' > ; « •*
:ry I« suffering from an att;.
Influenza r.no 1» unable to attend to pub
lic buslncas.
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
. HE MARKETS.
Silver advanced. Exchange is before.
Wheat continues firm in all positions.
Barley dull and unchanged. Oats firm, but quid.
Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay still dull and deposed. Straw firm.
Means continue to tend uptvard.
Potatoes easy. Onions advanced.
Butter shows more firmness under lighter stocks.
c heese and Eggs continue firm.
Poultry weak and dull, with a decline in Turkeys.
Game continues to decline, with a lessened demand.
Crapes and Pears higher. Oranges weakening.
Honey doing better under reduced supplies.
Provisions show no change.
Small Hogs continue scarce and firm.
Local securities generally firm.
Pic Tin lower.
Charters.
The nouromrmt is chartered for wheat and
barley to Europe. ST.s.
The Defiance Lads lumber at Grays ITar
t>T for Hcnotulu; Klikltat. lumber at Port
Carr.ble for Honolulu: King Cyrus, lumber on
the Round for Melbourne or Aili-laJ«l<-. ?-2s 6J.
The Ea*t Inllan «;,» chitrien-d prior to ar
rival for wix-at to Europe. 34s Cd.
Money in Circulation.
Ac-c-rllng tn a treasury statement th* m^rie, 1
In clrcuUtl.in'in the United .<ta.tt» on the Ist ;
rf November was a* follows:
Gold coin $a*.CO.7J3j
Silver dollar* 71. 361.740 !
Email sliver "«.17J.1W
Gold crriirirai^h 127.C8J.51* I
Mixer cerUfleatea 5?4.976.2i» ;
Treasury note« v«.*:<:i.*s.j
United etatea rotes Si7.:»'4.<".vi •
CbrrencS' <-eniT.i-i«ti-s 15.7J5.000
JCaUooal bank nuti-s 59.0C7.U1j
Total 11.963.711111
In ISM Lh66.571i.752
Incrmse $.'7.140.36«
Dried Fruit in Xezt' York.
Mnll advices frrm New York ray:
marketa Indicated a tnutrr fil
ing In all dnej an.i evaporated fruits except ,
apples. Prunes u!e «ttri'!iper. Peaches were
r.rmly held and apricot* were stiff at previous
<juotatr>r.F. The general tendency of the mar
l<rt is ir. holdera* favor, but there has been no
charge <..f Importance for a day or so. Some
varl. ti<s »oiow i-iKtis of a.lvanring. anJ there j
seem* to t>e an imj r< s-m.iii t!:at the advance 1
vlll come fhortly.
"Tlm- ; n.::- marke| was rtrencthened by the i
J, y f . ot v. S u!ht m Pacific train and by tlie sale \
« : t< n car* in the h^ol maik't. l!ie largi-st hale j
j.r several w.-.kf. It was ii"t much the >
actual loks of prutit-s them»-«-l\es a* it was that i
It ;..iced me ol the !.eav;r»t Jealers it:t 1 ttiv '
j:.i:K'-t tii bujf to CQ«*r nil ;iiiiat-rl:a.te i«f«julre
r.enth. This has caused others to wonder If j
tne) :..i'i better not carry 1-iK^r supplies than j
inejr Jiave been In the habit of doing. While I
prices have net advano-d. the apot supply is 1
small anJ m, very firm feeling 1 as developed. !
v I.k h will ',t iJ to an advance thortly, it Is j
thought.
"I'taihe* are in irr.all supply on the spot j
find pru-t-h are nnm'.r.aJly f:r::\. It was pointed
• at yehterday tt.^t the tendency to low prices
It only temporary ai J that the ir.fluenc* back !
<>f it will soon pas*. The supplies comlnit '
*lrtiK npp«-ar to W litritely hir.gle cant here and
tS.i-ie t..;,l l;y nun who rr.uM have money, j
Consequently they throw the*e scattering oars j
on tht? maiktt an«l create a d»*presflng ten-]
dency. A» a matter of fact. ;«-aeh«-s are out
of flr>t han&* ar.J arc held by firms, j
«ho will not b^ llk.ly to let them decline.
Ajj{>*rently holders have m cause to fear."
Weather Report.
fl2*th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 22—3 p. m.
The foilowing are the s»ascnal rainfalls to
£i.te. as compared with thrre of the tarr.e
Cat- in.-t sea son, v,-.! rainfalls in the lat-t twen
ty-four hours:
UiM This I-ast
Ftstlons— £4 Hours. Seas >n. Sfa>on.
l".ureka O.'K) 12.42 «.«
ltej Brtff (>.m «.jj 1.V5
S:itnin:er.to ••<>• €.'.> 1.J6
K^n l>ancisco Trace 7.i» 2.32
I'rtsno vM 3.44 1.49
lti'lej.en(lenee Tntca 0.«» 0.37
han Luis <")blspo 0.00 T..76 v.C7
)«.* Ar.^lfk O.tX 2.48 CIS
ha.n TJiego ».U 1.2« 0.11
Vuma t.(w 0.:.s c.15
San Fninclfcco data: Maximum teniperatuie.
U; minimum. W; mean. 34.
WEATHER COXDXTtONS AND GENERAL
FOHECAST.
The jirrssure has nccn generally over the
country w«n of the Rocky Mountain*. The
norm arnica »"ai «er.tral this morning over j
cxtrer/jp Snuthrrn Calirorrila la now over Ari
r'ina. but will probatily move eastward th-ough
the Rr.tihh possessions. A maximum wind
velocity of f. rty nille» per hour is reported
Jrotn F"rt <'.-,:.'\.
Rain 1 ■> :■...■:. at th« mouth of the Colum
1 ... River.
Forecast r.iade at Fan Fran< Isco for thirty
hours, «r.i::.s midnight November 23:
Nortbem Call! rala— Fair Thursday, with m
creastag cloodtness »t ni^ht nnd *howei» i.n
the co*fci north <-f Cai>e Mendocino; ll|.-ht ►'•uth
«rly winds us the toait; northeasterly winds
inland.
Sruthern California— Fair Thursday; light
r.trthrrly winds.
Neva -la— Fair Thnrrflay.
Vtah-Falr Thursday.
• Arlxon*— Fair Thursday.
6an Francl*?a and virility— Fair Thurfrtay.
with Incrca^inc doudtnesa In the afternoon;
Itfrl.t noithcrly. < harming to southeasterly
winds. ALEXANi<KR G. aIcADIE.
Ftr«-Ji»t Ornmal.
. CRN MARKETS
Market.
NEW TOOK. Nov. 22.— The stock market
drifted rather alml«***ly to-day nader the in
fluence of the renewed un«-aMnt-M< over the
tnooey sttuullon. A moderate demand !<>r L*>n
<3on account lifted prices at the opening and
during tl<e courh* of th»* day there rire Iso
lated movements tn a nuniVwr of individual
»mcks. Uut the influence of the>e doraoustra
tlons of Mrer.Rth in tpt.tn on the K<-neral mar
ket wat »::..i i and the lone was sluKKi^h
throughout. l>«-allriKK «»rc narrow and wholly
j «i.->i..-ii. The money ran i .-•• to S per
cent durint; the day and th*r«» was a renewal
of the dlnxtiltlon tv dicrrlnilnate sharply
acainM the n. ■:..■: ri.ii stocks an «x>ilauruj. The
iiominaJ mtf of latereat ia kuth taw »'m*
«li»-d <»ut \<y thf requirement of »>xtra c<-mmls
rion and the margin between th* amounts
loaned and the ruli:iK market vjiluallon of the
•t»clui wa* tecruMwii The offerlnca of Gov
err.mi-nt lx>ndh u>r redemption u.t tlje tul>
trejtsur>' fell tv lnr-lKninoam |>r> i-^rtlons. New
York exchtuiKt: wsls notably weak at a num
ber of lr.UHjrtu.nt dOßjeatle centvr>. laJllni; to
10 cer.U discount at Chicago aKalnrt par yes
terday and df-ctlnlntc sharply at fct. l»uls and
Cincinnati. lVrs.-ns interehted In the money
outlook itre ke<|.lrm uiw <-ye <m tlie foielun
rnurkptii. The lmrdenim: dli»counts la London
to-day may be sJKnlflcant of future jirossure
from "that nourc*. though the situation in New
York *us sutriclcntly jitcwlriK t<> cause a de
cline In Fterllnir. rates In fcj>lte of the I>.nd jn
movement. TJio Paris discount rate hrld firm
at H rer cent above the hank's final rate,
irlvinc iTounJ for expectation of u.n advance
toward i he Rank of France's rates. Kew York
Utnks have gained $:..C>.ooo on sub-treasury
oixratlcns elnc* lu*t Thun-day and to-day's
clearing-house statement showed a debit bal
ance acain»t the i-üb-trea*ury of over R.(«0.-
WXI These an* rcflectlonn of the oovernm<*nt
bond redemption* nnd Klve promise of a pood
rhowln« in Saturday's bank statement. The
l.ro'-ei-ds <«f the bond redemption have not nf.
. . • any tr , ..■ relief to the speculative world
und the market Is disposed to await further
devdoMSenta. Small net pains are the rule «>n
the day. ... a few stocks «how notable nd
voncrs Or.eral niertrle Rained S'-s and ]tlg
Four Ft. Ualtlmor* and Ohio r<>«e over a
point nnd the coalers showed me strength.
.'..',. .• Indlanapoll" and I* ■"'■■•
Kt«ks. th" Chicago Terminal stocks the Rio
Orande Western stocks. Ituffalo. Rochester and
Plttsburc and one or two others show ealns
of froja Ito l\% Minneapolis and St. Louis
is 2\ lower and laaaca of a point are shown
by a number of other inconspicuous stocks.
There was reallzlni; in some of the bonds of
the t-i-eculaUve »;rade. but very Rood absorp
tion at some other points. Total sales, par
valu*. J2.Ti0.000.
fnlted Statet 2» advancetl »£ and the 3s and
cM and new 4» S, In the hll price.
The StiH-k Kxchanse will be cloc-d on Bator
d:i> out of refpect to the late Vice President
Hobart.
NEW YOKK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
:.<!>• Atchlson 23
- :.;-u-,AuitUcn jis-of4 i". ;."..'. '..'.".'.-. r... — .. 66_
1 l.'.vi) ltaitimore A- ohio U^,
; c'ai'.aiiaian l'aclnc So
€Cj ''.)•..-.'. i Southern .' i
:.4.-> c»i»^iii^:ike A- Ohio Zs\ |
j 1.4.V. Chicago *ir»"iit Western 14\ '
! Z.iV Chicago, Burlinst^.n &. Quinoy IZ2\ I
i 73 Ctiloa#r(,. Ir.d A- I*juis\-ille ... 15 |
; :.'73 Chicago, lnd & Louisville prefd 47 .
*>M) <'hici»KO .'. KatteiTi Illinois SrfTH I
Chica^t) & Northwestern 16<;i, I
SjO Chicago. Rock Ih'.and i Pacific. ...ll3^ I
; 2S.Crt C C C & St Liuls C 4
4fiS Colorado Southern CS |
Hi Coiorad j S.juthern Ist prefd 4»'» i
3>3 Colorado J>.uthi.-rn 2d prvfd l">'i |
1.4.tS I>elaware & Hudson irJ' t
6"U I*e!aware, Lackuwunna X Westrn..H t 0
2.0t0 l>enver & Rio Grande 21
Ivr.ver & lUo Orande prefd 75 1 i
Erie a
310 Erie Ist prefd 3T\
€10 Great Northern prefd lT>i l
3"0 Hocking Coal l." 4
I<V> 11.-K-ktns Valley 32 !
100 Illinois Central U4»i
Son lowa Central 14
100 lowa Central jrefd t9
• Kanyaii City. Pittsbure * Gulf 8H
Like Erie & \Wstern 1»4
l^ihe Qrle & Western prefd 7$
I^pk>' Shrre 2w)
C*) lx<ulsvllle & Na-hvllle SBH
j l«.:a:. Manhattan Elevated 103»,
L4SS Metro|«>l!tan Street Railway l*-4
I 1,440 Mexican CVntral 13U
225 Minneapolis & ft Louis 6S*4
I Minneapolis & St Louts prefd «. £7
723 Missouri Pacific 4^ |
; Mfi>ile & Ohio 45
1 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12K
' Mls-si.uri. Kansas A: Texas prefd.... ",'U
2, (wv > Now Jersey Central 123
.V 0 Now York Central 13"'» j
LUO Norfolk A Western 27»* I
Norfolk & Western prefd 70«,
| Z.ii:> Northern Pacific f- r .>t
STO Northern Pacific prefd 73
i 12,a0 Ontario A Western :«
Orecon Railway & Nay 42
C'rcson Railway & Nay prefd 76
I 2.12.". lvnnsylvanla 13" 1 *
410 Readlns 21
I IG.7'V> Reading Ist prefd GC"^
! 3.4 M Reading 2d prefd 31S
i 2.:CKt Rio Oram'.c Western 42
200 Rio Grande prefd **
V) s=t I*ou!s & San Francisco it<-\
' Pt l>'Ui» A- Pan FT.T.n !ft prefd ... 72
| . st Louis *: Fan Fran 2d prefd " r .i
r^i St I«>ulf. Southwestern 12
42.". St I^iuis, Southwestrn prefd »Ii
S.!iM St Paul l'-'^H
st l»aul prefd ITS
St Paul & Omaha 118
{7.150 Southern Padflc O4
4<%0 Southern Railway 13H
7,f.00 Southern Railway prefd 57%
COO Te\as A- I'acJfie I*H
JS.TOi Tnlon Pacific 4I' 4
2.120 Tnlon Pacific prefd TCti.
\Vnh,vh ts »
l,4r>n Wntiash prefd 23
1.61 ft WheellriT & L E 11H
100 Wheeling &LV. 2d prefd Sn i
Wisconsin Certra! 20 I
Express Companies—
Adams H2
13<> American H vt i
Vnlted States 4*'^
\\>l!s-Faru.> 12S
Miscellaneous —
7W> American Cotton Oil 37>;
IW American Cotton Oil prefd S-3
American Malting 1)
WW American Maltlnp . M 43
5.3C3 An-.erlc.in Smelting & Refng MM 1 *
2,447 American Smelting & Rfng prefd.. 60
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prrfd '..... 17
2,2»> American Steel Hoop 45' i
130 Amirican Steel Hoop prefd f2V4
2.l'rt Anierlcan Steel & Wire 4* : ,
American Stee-1 & Wire prefd !•»•,
220 wVmerlean -Tin nate 3l»i
S'«» American Tin Plate prefd S." :
2.750 American Tf bacco 117 7 i
\rr.erican Tobacco prefd 143
r.'V) An.iconda Mmmx Co 4.V.;
l.r/X> Rncklyn lUpld Transit W*
111 Colorado Fuel & Iron «2\
I.f4i Continental Totwicco 42i,»
2*l Continental Tobacco prefd '.0 J 4
i 4.2'i0 Fr-ileral Steel Z* l t
Cf-0 F«!t-ral Steel prefd VH-i
8.430 Oneral Eler-trlc 12^4
230 <;iu<v^e Sugar J2» 4 !
I <;iucit»e Susar prefd 100
International Paper 25
100 International Paper prefd 63V» |
1.C30 I^aclede «as 7C'» I
National Biscuit 41
National Biscuit prefd 100
CO National Lead 2>%
National I-ea-1 :■ M ItS
National Ste.»l 4«tj
200 National Steel prefd '.<:,'. t
T...T^.N>w York Air Brake 144
11,470 North American 154
l'X> Pacific Coast .Vii 4
Pacitlc Coast Ist prefd M
Pacific Coant 2-1 prefd C3V4
5.425 I'Rclflc Mall 43
1.40 People's Oaa H3'» i
Pressed Steel Car J7Vj I
2.V> Pressed Stt-el <\ir prefj j,a'
• ir.*i Pullman Palace Car ir»s
223 Stan.ianl Rope 4 Twine io»i
C7.7M) Supar lt>'%
Suijur prefd 117>^
4.2'>0 Trr.nessee Coal A- Iron h;tj
14.V22 United States leather 22
6.22S Tnlte.l States I>-ather prefd KIU
200 irnlted States Rubber 471:
United States Hubt»er prefd . lin
M 7 Western Union $.73:
4W Republic Inn A Steel 241^
755 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 7.
P C C & St Louts 73
KB.no Shares sr.ld.
CLOSINO BONDS.
V 8 Ii roc 1 ■!'; M X A T 4s Mt<
U,S 3s re* l"Vj'4 N V Cent lsts 117 V*
IVS 3s c.rtip .. KliVi'N J Cent pen »-.i»w
V S new 4s rru...n:'i, N Carolina 6s 127
IT 8 new 4h <-0up..132«,.;N Carolina 4s 11*4
U H />ld 4s reg..r.llS^'N Pacific lsts no
L* S old 4-s coup IU N I'aclflc Ss . Cs'.i
I.' Sls reg 11l X Pat 1: ■ 4- KCU
ll' S Is cr>up 11l N TCI St L U..105U
Dls of Col 3.6T.5....117 |N & W c m *> 92^i
I Alnbaaia class A..110',i N & W pen C* 135
I Alabama class 8..1U Or Nay Ist* .. V>s
Alabama class C..101 |Or Nay, 4s ...... ii>3V4 i
Alabama Currency. 1M Or Short Line 65. .123
Atchison gen 45... 93' iOr S Line con ;.s..ni
Atchlson ad] 45.... S2*a Reading Gen 45.... v;t;
Canada So 2ds 1074 R G W lsts 974
1 Ches A Ohio 4H5... 954 L ft I M eon 5s 110
Ches & Ohio 5h...116U L& 8 P gen 65.124H
C & NW con 75. ..H0V, St Paul cons.. 1:1
C & NW SFdebCs.lK |S P C & Pac lsts.U'O
Chl?a»:o Term 45... 8S iS 1' C 4 Pac 55. .120}:
D& R G lsts 102 Bo Railway 5s lOS%.
I> & R O 4s JiVi Stand RAT 65... »
X TennVaAG lsts.lOS iTenn new set 3s. S3
Erie General 4* .. 71H Tex & Par lsts...
FW& IJ C lsts... 79 •!>* A Pa 2ds to
General Klec I* — 119 H'nlon Pacific 45...ir.3*i
0 » •'• SA Cs 110 Iwabash lsu 114
'i M A S A 2ds...lOoHlWaba*h 2ds . 100^4
H&T Cle 11: West Shore 4*. 113
H & T C Con Cs-.110 !wis Cent lets 75
lowa Central 1Rt5.. 1144, Va Centuries .. flu
X C P A G lsts... 72S,|Va Deferred . 5
{ A . nt V w c " ns < »---l«'^|Colo Southern la.. i 5
h§■ *l In nt 4l »% So Pacific 4s U\
M X A T 2ds 70«-i!
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar «o Ontario ..' 7 75
Crown Point 20 (ti.hlr . 1 in
Con Cal AVa I€o Plymouth .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 20
£ r ? i }?'?* «0 Quicksilver 1 73
OnuHftCurry i«? Do prefd 700
11 .•i, orcro °" «■ Sierra Nevada 40
Homestake 65 00 Standard 70
Iron Silver 64 Union Con Si
■—*"■■ 60 Yellow Jacket 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 23. 1899.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Call loans 54«?7i Do prefd 64
Time loans 541/6 Wls Cent 20
Stocks— Dominion Coal 50
Atch Top & S F... 224 Do prefd 117%
Do prefd 06 Bonds-
Am Sugar 1574 Atchisoa 4s 98', j
Do Prefd 118 Mining Shares—
Bell Tel ..3C3 Adventure 6*l 1
Boston & Albany. .23o AJlouez MngrCo.... J'-|
Boston L 1034 Atlantic 26
Boston & Maine. ..2".". .Boston & Mont.. 313
C H * Q 132H Butte a 805t0n.... 67
Fltchburg prefd... !:■■ Calumet & Hec1a..762
Gen Electric Ontenlal 23
Do prefd 129 ; Franklin 18
Federal Steel ts'i Humboldt 14
Do prefd so> 4 , OsctnMa SO
Mexican Cent 13 j Parrot 44
Old Colony 207 (julncy 153
Old Dominion 29% Santa Fe Copper.. S4
Rubber 4."; ' Tamarack 215
Union Pacific Win.ma 74
Union Land 3 (Wolverines 414
West End prefd. ..ll3 Utah 374 ,
Westgh Elec 444;
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Not. .— Money on call, firm. I
at 6IJrS6 I JrS per cent: last loan. 8 per cent. Prime |
mercantile paper, :.'■■},■, per cent. Sterling ex- :
change weak, with actual mismess in bankers'
bills at $4 «.r.vi4 85% for demand and at $4 $14
«M 0% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 524 and j
14 87; commercial bills, $4 Sl4. Silver certifi- I
cates, sS\i3's94c. Bar silver, 59c. Mexican dol- |
lars, 474 c
Government bonds, strong; State bonds, In
active; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— T0-day's statement '
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $:34.229.207: gold reserve,
j:46.C55,577.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were a shade brisker to-day,
but irregular, pending receipt of news from
Africa.
Consols rallied to 1034 bid, closing at 1034
on further large sales. I>ealers re -Mill talk- j
Ing of the bank rate. Americans were stag
nant, except Southern Railway preferred.
Southern Pacific and . alsvllle and Nashville. :
Spanish fours rose to 6G4- Tintos were 4C T 4. '
in her coppen steady.
Of gold JINXO came In from Portugal. The
week's outflow was £234.000.
Silver was hard "ii eastern demand in a nar
row market. The Berlin bourse wan closed.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22— FLOUR— Receipts,
17.4 e 2; exports. 4255. Less active, but firm until
toward the close, when the feeling became
' ensier following the decline In wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 71,925. Spot. steady.
No. . red. 74\c f. o. b. afloat f-pot: No. 1 North
ern Duluth. "7^4c f. o. b. afloat to arrive: No.
1 hard I>uluth. 7S\c f. o. b. afloat to arrive;
I No. 2 red. 72c elevator. Options steady at %C
1 advance and farther advanced 4c on cables
ur.d local covering, following disappointing
1 Northwestern receipts. I^ater the feeling be
! rame very weak owlns to the apathy of ex
jxirters anJ an entire lack of speculative sup
port. Closed weak at V net decline; March.
75 7 %fi76 7-16 c. closed 73 7 «c; May, 75 T »576 i ,c.
closed 73% c: December 7CV*O72 s ic. closed l 4 c.
HOPS— DuIL
HIDES— DuIL
WOOL — Firm.
METALS— The metal market displayed all
Its early weak characteristics to-day. Some
departments were stea«litr, notably tin. while
others suffered from neglect, weak cables and
I selling pressure. Si-elter was soft to the point
1 bordering on demoralization. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGl ßON— Warrants, neglected, dull and en
tirely nominal.
LAKE copper— l'nchanged at $17017 23.
TIN DuII at $2^2S 25.
LEAD— Steady at ?4 OOfT 4 C 5. The brokers'
price for lead Is •* 40 anil for copper $17017 25.
SPELTER— Lower and very weak at $4 4-' i
4 ro.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady in tone,
with prices 10015 points net higher. Sales.
29,210 bass. Including: I'• ember. $3 RWi5 S3;
January. $*. s:.; March. $5 93*j«; May. $C«6 05;
July. $6 l<><i« CO; August. X il''.»« 25: September.
$5 2*. iS« 30; "October. 13 35. Spot Coffee— Rio.
firm. No. 7 Invoice, 6*i.c: No. 7 Jobbing, 7 l .»c
Mill, firm: Cordova. 6»iail\c.
SUGAR— Raw. tlrm. Fair refining. 3 13-16e
bid: centrifugal. ?•"> test. 9Uc. bl<l: molasses
surar. 3 Mte. Refined sugar, quiet.
I UTTER Receij ts. 232 packages; stronger.
Western creamery. 223j254c; June creamery.
2Ki24* 4 c: factory. lS4*il&o.
EGGS— Receipts. 672S packages; quiet. West
ern ungraded at mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW Yi'UK. Nov. 22.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. Co7c;
prime wire tray. 7**4isc; choice. SUOl2c; fancy.
fc4*i :>e.
PRUNES— 340840.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 1317134 c; Moorpark. 151?
; isc
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20022 c; unpeeled. 74010 c.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICA43O N -- Karl Fruit Company's
:'orn'.a fr-. I Cornleh 'n.
I . : 'ul.le crates; Emperor
• ■
nkv- Y'i!:K. Nov. a.- i^iri Fruit Company' a
Dlchon,
I ' 'ii..-
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 22.— Wheat failed to hold Its
own to-day. The openinc— December at 67 l «s>
67Sc and May at 71 l 4'ft71 ! >ie— was at a gain
of \kC over yesterday's close. Cables were
higher and to this the early strength was
mainly attributable. Business waa mostly in
the hands of professionals and changing of
December and May contracts, which made up
a large proportion of the trade, whs within a
range of '•->'. an was all other business In
wheat. Around the opening figures the market
fluctuated narrowly for half the session. Then
It weakened and there was considerable liqui
dation of both December and May. a report
that I > 1 1 1 vi 1 had boats loaded with 25Q.non
bushels for this port was a factor In the
weakness. Decemlwr sold down to i".o'<,c and
May to 71Jj71MiC. December closed Viff*»e
lower at C6 7 tifG<>7c, and May »ie under yester
day's final figures at 71M,c.
Coin wna steady. Rains continued In the
crowing l>elt and cables were factors which
encouraged purchasers to take in all offerings
p.) figures above yesterday's closing prices.
Clearances were enormous— l,ooo.ooo bushels and
country offerings small. December closed HW
Uc higher at 32*ifj32%c. May closed unchanged
at 34'*c.
Oats held their own. though the trade was
dull. The strength of corn and the curtailing
of the movement by wet weather were in
fluences. December closed a shade lower at
2.?S,(irj3%c. May closed %c under yesterday at
24\e.
Provisions were barely steady, the only In
cident being the retaking of n line of pork,
presumably to replace rome sold some weeks
ago at higher prices. The close was at a loss
of 2Hc on nil I 1 -.nary products.
The leaning futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 2—
Articles— Open. H!eh. Low. Clone
December 67*; C7*i C7 7 i r7
M CoJn"No'"2^"" '1% 71H 71 714
December 0 "........'.. 32TJ J3 32V 32!,
■■.»*>r 52 7 4 M . 32 7 ,
January 32 Ml* 31T4 32
May 33*; 33Ti S3i^ S3u
ta N-i. 2—
December' t*K 13% 2SI» 23U
May UV, :i' : 2414 24* i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December SlO 8 12H 8 024 Bos
January 8 f.7H 9 f,7' 9 474 9W)
May 9 C 5 9 65 9 52 4 9 624
iJixd. per 100 lbs— ™
December 490 4*l 4 «74 4 874
January '■ 124 515 110 5 10'
May 530 324 6 274 30
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 4 R7>, 4 574 4<« 4R5
January 4 '•:■ 4 974 4 P24 495
May 610 '.'•■■• 610
Cash quotatlcns were as follows: Flour
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat. C3 ifiCsc; No. 2 Red'
C4fis3c: No. 2 Corn. 33f?33»;c; No. 5 Outs •
No. 2 White. 2fi4c: No. 3 White. 25\iip2. r .»ic- No'
2 Rye. M4tfif,2c: No. 2 Barley. SRiß42c; No 1
Flax S.-ed. $i 31401 32. Prime Timothy Seed
12 45 2M: M*ss Pork, per bbl. 1770Q960; Lard
per 100 lbs. $4 MM7S 024: Short-rib Sides (loose)]
14 KO<s/5 15; Dry Salted Shoulders, (boxed) s\,<fJ
64c: Short Clear Sides (boxed). »5 15©5 20;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
$1 234.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 13.000
Wheat, bushels : cyonn 155.000
Corn, bushels ■......•..■....2f10 000 343 000
Oats, bushels 329,000 456,000
Rye. bushel* 6.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 91.000 20.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was flrm. Cn-amery lS'-'«.:"c. Dairy.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec . Mar. May.
Opening 5 , tX , 5 10% 6 114
Closing 5 9 i ; 6 11 6 114
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 1745 18 70
Closing ' ' 17 40 15 80
Flour—
Opening 3345 24 73
Closing " 23 60 24 80
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON', Nov. 12.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
"The wool market continues active. Prices
are steadily advancing to • higher level and as
quotations ripe the more intense mmi to be
the eagerness of many to buy. A tremendous
business hn» been transacted, the sales of th*
week aggregating over 13.0i'«l.OOO pounds, which
has been pretty well distributed among consum
ers, speculators and members of the trade,
many of whom are compelled to buy In the
open market In order to attend to the needs of
their customers. The markets abroad continue j
to display a hardening tendency and late ad- |
vices state that in Melbourne some of the very
best stock has been disposed of at prices which
mean Si per pound, clean, landed in Boston.
The active demand for woo has depleted stock*
bo that it Is estimated that we will report a
\ Fhortage of from 75.0 M.000 to 100,000,000 pounds \
by next May. in which case It Is quite probable
that importations will result. During the past
week carpet wools have apparently begun to
share In the activity noted in other grades. Car
pets have opened at advanced prices and large
purchases have been made.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
15.973.0C0 pounds domestic and 770.000 pounds for
eign. making a total of 13,743,000, against a to
tal of 16,317,776 for the previous week and a
total of 1.879.000 for the corresponding week last
year.. Rale? since January 1. ISM, amount to
314. 067.576 pounds, against 118,610,010 pounds last
year at this time.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.-CATTLE-Best Krades.
steady. Both short horn and Angus steers I 11
to-day at 00; common and medium, 25*3400
lower than on Monday. Good to choice, $R 30-4;
7. poor to medium, (4 20^5 20; mixfd stockers,
»3Q3 75; selected feeders, U 20fi4 CO: good to
choice cows. $3 60(34 40; heifers. $3 50JT4 "■'■ can- •
ncrs. $2'!j2 90: bulls. C2B®4 23: calves, HtH; fed
Texas beeves, i\ 25ff5 50; Western range beeves,
steszs.
HOGS— Steady to 5c lower; closed compara- j
tively stead) Fair clearance*. Mixed butch
ers. $3ROf,MO7H: good to choice heavy. $3 »t<?
4 05; rnuKh heavy, $.1 fOf/J3 S7V»: light. $3 800 I
* 02H: bulk of sales, $:. 9Vt<4.
PHEEP— Market dull and slow. Native weth
ers'. $.: B»{T4 40; lambs, J»fis 25; Western wethers,
IS 75^415: Western lambs, $4 75©5 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 19,000; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
l-.OvO.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 22.— Clearings, *339.
7?3; balances. $103,143.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 22.— Wheat— Dull,
with few sales. Walla Walla. I\'jl2c; valley,
Me: bluestem. 62Hc
Cleared— Ship Layland Brothers, for Queens
town, with 125, 751 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, -Nov. 22.— Wheat— Club. BO'jc; blue
stem. Die.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— Consols, 103 1 II Silver.
27' id. French Rentes. leCf 22>~c. Wheat car
Koe? off coast, quiet and Steady: car*; on
l.assajre. sellers asking advance; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30s; English country mar- j
kets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 22.— Wheat, stead) No. 1
Standard California. Cs 1%dQ6l 2d; wheat In
Parts, steady: flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, «Hd.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 22.— CORN— Spot Ameri
can mixed, new. firm, 3s 6*id: old, firm, 3r SVI.
Futures Steady: November, 2s 5 7 »d; December,
3s 6i,d: January. 3s 6*id.
WHEAT— tS pot No. 1 Northern spring, steady.
In ll'id; No. 1 California, •"'■■ i i ! -.'i- Futures-
Steady: December. Os 'j\*d; March, 5s lid; May,
5s 11!, d
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — !• 824
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 864
Sterling Cables — 4 87>i
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 48
Fine Silver, per ounce — C 9
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— A continued Improvement abroad
kept the Chlcngo market steady, and a better
cash situation was reported. The wet weather
etrengthen^d Corn, which was In light receipt,
with a good shipping and speculative demand,
the clearances being 1.2r.0.0/>0 bushels. All this
tended to help Wheat. I>indon cabled an active
demand for foreign Wheat, and Chicago was
asking for more spot : eat, .
The local market was not materially changed,
though the feeling was firm.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $I^l OIK: milling.
$1 03\fj I CCU.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo etls.
$109%; 18.000, 110*%. December— 2ooo. $1 01%;
goon, $1 01^,.
Second Session— May • 00 ctls. $1 09 x i. De
cember 2000. $1 ois,; 8000. $1 01*;.
Regular Morning Session— May— 3o,ooo ctls,
$1004. Deecml>er-2000. $1014: 20.000. $101*4.
Afternoon Session May— l2.ooo tla, $1 09%;
IRWO. $1 09H- December— 2ooo, $1 01>4; 2000.
tl 01»i.
BARLEY— Is no change to report, the
market belns stagnant.
Feeds. TS'fiS.V; Brewing and Shipping grades,
574fc924c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No Bales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Choice lota are firm, but off lots are
hard to tell. Prices «tand about the same.
White. $1 IOC! 30; Red. $1 07401 20; Gray.
$1 0701 174; Black. fscl?sl 074. — -
CORN— Nomli .1] at $1 0741*1 15 per ctl. Small
lota sell up to U 20.
RYE— Quoted at HOI 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 »0i8: 13 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras. $3 Co#3 75,
usui terms; bakers' extras, $3 4f"t/3 10; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40f?3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 ::'■!-. 40 for hakers' and $2 2.'.'<j3 for superfine.
MILLS'! 11 i Prices In aaeka are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 23 per l"0 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 7.".; Rye
Meal. %■ 50; Rice Flour. $7; Connseal. $2 50; ex- !
tra Cream ■ rnmoal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $1 2.'.; Oat ,
Groats. $4 '■": Hominy, $3 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour. $lf?4 2.'; Cracked Wh»at. $3 73; Farina. I
$4 !A; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $C or><Tj6 43; In sacks. $5 8506 25; Pearl I
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 60; Green Peas, $3 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues heavy and dull at previous
prices. Then la no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN $16 r.0^17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— IIBO2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $17 600 IS per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26027. Jobbing.
527 50-525; Cocoanut Cake, $20ft21: Cornmeal.
$23 60>i?14 SO; Cracked Corn. $24025; Mixed Feed.
$16W)fil7: Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 £009 for cemmon to good
and $1 •..'.?in for choice: Wheat and Oat. $709;
Oat. $7.;» ,-i). Barley. $307; Alfalfa, $50S per
ton; Compressed. $7010 per ton.
STRAW— 33OSOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All kinds of Beans continue firm and some
are still higher. Supplies are light and Bayos
are particularly scarce.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 2303 50; small White. $2 90
03; large White. $2 4002 60; Pinks. $2 75; Reds.
$3 7504; Blackeye. $4 T. 06 14 75; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima. $4 9005; Pea. $3^3 25; Red Kidneys.
$3 60 per Ml.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. S«J4c; Tallow
Mustard. 4@44c; Flax. $2 124: Canary. 34c per
U» for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
i«?Sc; Rape. 2403 c; Hemp. 4@44c; Timothy.
4& 44c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 3301 60; Green. $1 73
©1 85 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are easy. Onions have advanced
and are very firm. There Is no particular
change In Vegetables.
POTATOES-Rtver Reds. 60«65c; Burbanks. j
r.CfiC.c p*r ctl; Salinas Burhanks. Jl®l 25; Ore-
K..n Burbanks, 6jcjisi 10; Swi«et Potatoes. 75<3
lie for Hlvprs and $1 10 for Merced.
ONIONS 7'.c;,}i per ctl.
VEGETABLES <ir^-n Peas. 4^7c per lb;
String Beans, n . 'thbage.aMfOe: Tomatoes,
: Esg Plant, :. <7 . . Dried Okru. 12'tC
per lb; Garlic, sc: i^reen Peppers. '
Carrot*. 3.«f/40c per sack: Cucumbers.
Los Angeles Summer Squash. . per box;
Marrowfat Scjuarh. JlO-g^ per ton; Mushrooms,
10^ 12c per lb for choice and 4^Bo for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Game continues to shade off. and the de
mand Is nowhere near as keen as it has been.
Prices have ruled so high during the past
month that th.- trade has been injured.
Poultry- la weak, with plenty of Eastern on
hand. Turkeys are lower all round.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 135 14 c for Gob
blers an. l 13<Sjl4e for Hens; Young Turkeys. 140
15c: Dressed Turkeys, 14<fl7c: Geese, per pair.
$1 73©2: Goslings. $1 7. '■■'-. Ducks. *4'<i4 50 for
old and $ r »i&6 for young; Hens. $435: Young
Roosters, $4 60«?5; Old Roosters. $4'rr4 W; Fry
ers, $404 60: Broilers, $3 MCH for large. Vi'<t
350 for small: Pigeons. $1 per dozen for
old and $1 75?»2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 2.'«?1 50: Mallard. $$97: Can
vaßhack. $fO7; Sprig. $3; Teal, $2 .7>fj3; Widg
eon. $2fi2 50; Small Duck $2; Doves, 7*..- per
dozen: Hare $1 154rl 50: Rabbit*, $1 25^1 75:
Gray Geese. $4: White, $1 ."■I 7... Brant. %Z <t
3: English Snipe, $2 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 25.
Butttr, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is showing more firmness, as stocks
are considerably reduced. Cheese shows no fur
ther change.
Ranch Eggs continue firm and very scarce.
BUTTER-.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24ff25c; seconds.
none.
Dairy— Fancy, 22t?224c; good to choice. 21c;
common. 10c.
Pickled r(.ll-21'((22Vic; firkin. 20021 c: cream
ery tub. tSMIC
Eastern— 174«15c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new 12©124 c: old,
114 c: Young America. 124®13c; Eastern. 154®
16c: Western. 134*315 c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 2745J35C for common and 43
4545 c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age. IS49UC for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
13\'^c per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranpes continue to Increase In supply and
prices are weak. There nre « 'me very fine
:nlng In from Orovllle and Portervllle.
but they are not >>>t fully ripe.
Grapes continue firm at a further advance.
Good winter Pears are also higher.
Bananas are firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 335? 65c per box for common, 7»cT?JI for
good and $1 2r.'51 50 for choice. .
HKituiK.s Strawberries, — rer el.
email ai.'i J:'j4 for larg- ho-rrles; Ra
j • : • ea, . Huckle-
berries. 5Q7c per lb; Cape Cod Cranberries. $S®
9 50; Coos Bay Cranberries, $1 60^1 75 per box.
Persimmons, 6O'u7sc per box.
Grapes, 60ji'75c per box; crates, &<.-{< $1 25, out-
Elde figure for Isabellas.
Winter Pears. • 'Ti 75 per box.
Quinces. 35£i0c per box.
Pomegranates, bd'allc per small box and $1 50
per larsre box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 50-S3 25
per box: Seedlings. $1 30^2; Grape Fruit. $1 M®
3 60; Lemons. 7.-.<"ijs] 50 for common and $2-if
3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $3 504$
4 50; Bananas, $1 .V'®3 per bunch; Pineapples. $1
il2 60 per doz.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins.
Supplies of Honey are greatly reduced and the
market Is firmer. Otherwise there is no change.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. (ft for
40-50's. 4:, :4V- for 50-«rs. 3 *« c for 60-70's. 34c
for 70-SO's. 3c for 80-90 # s anil 2»;c for 90-100' s.
Apricot". U<sl3e for Royals. 124©16 c for Moor
parks and 12^rl4c for Blenheims; Peaches. 69
64c fcr Standards. 6{/S4c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 124ff15c; Evaporated
Apples. 7{f7»4c: Sun-dried. liilMc per lb: N*c
tarlnej.. BH:fi9c per in for red; Pears, C4IISc for
ouarters and SfjlOc for halves; Black Figs, .y
34-?; White Figs. 4fjf»c; Bleached Plums. fcflSc;
U-.'bleached Plums. 7fc74c for pitted anJ lh,c
for unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; tstandard. le; prim-. Ie; un
bleached Thompson's. per lb. «•-. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. *>':••. choice, 74c; standard. C4c;
prime. Re; unbleached Sultanas. 3c; Seedless,
f.O-lh boxes. 5o; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 34<--;
3-crown, •■'«' ; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $150 per box: 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Cluster?. $2; Dchesa. J2 TO: Imperial, $3. All
prices ire I. o. b. at common shipping joints
In California.
NUTS- Chestnuts. SfM24e: Walnuts. SfTlOc for
standards and 1041/ lie for softshell; Al
monds. IL"'J M 1M 1 for paper-shell. 1 •■■ lie for soft
and sfi6c for hardshell: Peanuts, o*4©6*ic for
Eastern and f»c for California; Brazil Num.
74<08c: Fllbfrts. 114012 c; Pecans, lO&llc:
CocoanutF. $4 Iti'uh.
HONEY— Comb. 114©12 c for bright and 104<iJ
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 74
'■• . light amber extracted, C\'u7c; dark, 5l5 l , 3 c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24 Q Me per lh. .
Provisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9Uc per lb for
heavy. 94c for light medium. 104 c for liKht.
124 c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 124 c; California
Hams, nominal: Mew Beef, $12 p«r bbl; Ktra
Meas. $13: Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear, $17 50; Mess. $16 M; Smoked Beef.
Hull 1 ;'- per lb.
LARD 1 Tlercea quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half-barrels, purs.
74c- 10-lb tins. 8c: 5-lb tins, S^ic
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7S'ii7 ,o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands t-eli
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
114o; medium, lie: light. 104 c; Cowhides. V)®
lC4c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. K'c;
Dry Hides, sound. lSc; culls and brands.
150"16 c: Dry Kip and Veal. Me; Dry Calf. \s. t
1.-. . Sheepskins. yearMngs. 2<"fn*.c each; short
Wool. X, '■!>'•• '■ each; medium. 70^900; long Wool,
ji-ii 25 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $1 ■! 1 60 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. sfc34c per lb; No.
2. »' •■ : refined. 6Q6Vic; grease. 24c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, S<f?34c; South
ern. eiilOc: Middle County, 19&124 c: ilumnoldr
and Mi ■ Ino, 15fllGc; Eastern Oregon. 12315 c;
Valley Oregon. 154918 c: Northern Mountain,
free, 11431 Jc; Northern Mountain, defective, 10y
lie per lb.
HOPS— lit 10c per lh.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Small Hogs continue scarce and firm.
BEEF— 74f74c per lb for Steers and 64*370 for
Cows.
VEAL-&?T9c per lb.
MUTTON Wetnera, 7c; ewes. C4c per lb.
LAMB r lb.
PORK LJve M l(c for small. 54c
f.ir medium and 54?64c for larKi»; Ftuck Hugs
and fet-U< r«. ic; ilr. . I Hogl
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7©7Uc; Wool
Begs. 2S®3oc; Fruit Bags, «c. 6Vic and 6%0 for
the three grades of white and 74c for bleached
Jute.
1 <>AI. -Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. VS. S«.iithfleld WclllnKtun. |7 U . Seattle, Jn;
Bryant, $>".. Cooa Hay. $:.; Wauaead t>; Scotch
— ; Cumberland, Js* 7:. in hulk ;m<i |v
■aeka: Pennaylvanla Anthracite Y.%%, $13; Can
nei, t\< rr par ton; lt..ck Bpriogn and Cast:<
<;.itp. $:< 60. <\.k.-. JU i.rr ton In l.ulk and HZ
in lacka.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s*»c: Pow
dered, '■■'.'■; Candy Granulated. 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%.-; Confectioners' A. 4%.-; California A.
: Magnolia A, 4' = Extra C i ■•» •■, Golden
C. 4';e: barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels. Vie
more; boxes,- 4c more; 60-lb hags. 4c more.
No order taken for less than 7. . barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels 5Hc; boxes,
55 T »c per lb.
PIG TlN— Sydney is lower at 30Q32c per lb.
a decline of 6c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR NOVEMBZB ?2.
Flour, qr sks 30.2nOiHopa. bales IR4
Wheat, ctls 3.7:.< i Wool, hates m
Barley <^tls 11.7--0 i.ime bt.is iv>
dnts. ctls 2.Ti Htiirar. hhls 11";
fiats, (rail) rtls.. I.JOO I'elts. Mis MO
Corn. (East) ctls. 61m Hldea, No ffj
Batter. Ctla I^2 Hrandy. gala 3.1",
Cheese, ctls 1.'.l Wine, gals 41,1i"W
Brans, ske 5,4 V. I^>ath»-r. rolls . •?,
Pi. tat. .os. sks l.f.ifi ltalslns. l.\n
Middlings, sks ... 2.0 0 F.kkh. doa 7 100
Bran, fks I.OKI Hay, tons 662
Onions, sks Ml
ORSOON
Fliur. ar Hks.... 8.27.1 Onions, fks 37
Wheat, ctls T. 70 nran. .-k» 42:4
Oats, ctls 1.94» Middlings, sks ..
Potatoes, sks — 2.7*4 Wool, bales 34
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business In securities on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
Spring Valley Water was higher at IM 5<K?
94 874 and Gas & Electric at $54 20©54 75.
Giant Powder was lower at vwn 25. •
The market was firm In the afternoon, ex
cept a decline In Oceanic to $93 75. Spring
Valley Water advanced to $35 50, Gas A Elec
tric to $■.", 60. Honokaa to $33 25 and Paauhau
to $32 50.
The Yellow Jacket and Gould and Curry
mining companies have each levied an assess- |
ment of 13 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 22-2 p. m.
Hid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
V 8 Bonds— Equit <: L Co. 54 <
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. U% —
4s quar re*.... — — lO GL A 11.... 44 46
4s quar new... — — Jar Ga* Imp.. r.4'i —
Ss <iuar coup.. — — Vac Light Co.. 40", —
Miscellaneous — 8 y i; & L.... .V.V» —
Cal-st Cab is. 117 — Hun Francisco. 34 —
C C Wat I ■ 168*4 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L A i' 65.130 — Insurance —
F& Cl Ry 65. 115 — Flrem's Fund.22o —
Geary-it II as. — 95 Bull Stocks—
H C A S 548.1074 - Anglo-Cal 63 —
L A Ry 5»....- in« Hank of Ca1.. .334 —
L A LCo to.. M — Cat 8D .v T.. 36V4 97
Do gntd Is.. S3 — First National — 254
Dc gntd 5*.: - — Lon P & A... —
I. A&l' It t0.194 — Mer Ex — <
Markf • €*...125% — Nev Nat Bk.. —
Do Ist M to lie 117', Savings Banks—
nC n a r 7«.112 — ' '••>■ S A L....1700 —
N Rof Cal «s.ll«> — ilium B A L...MM ll€o
N Bof Cal .'* 113>4 - Hut Say lik.. 39 45
NPC R n 6.M.101 — S F Say U... 500 —
NPC R R to.loB 109 Bay tic L So.. — S3
N cal H R Gk. 11274 — S«! Say Hk... — 310
O G L & H Ss.lOS iot^ Union I C 0...1100. ..1100 1140
Onk Tran 65..1114112 , Street Railroads—
Oak W Co Cs.lOS — [California 119 —
Ocean B B 55. 108 110 i Geary £0 —
Om C ::-..;- — lft'^ M ,■•■•-• <".l*i —
P& Cl tar 6s. .107* — ....... I. A H. — 50
Pk A O liv 65. 115 — Presidio — 30
Powell-et R «s — 122 Powder—
Sac El G ARSa — — California 1"« —
S F A N P t0.114% — IE Dynamite... 85 91
B F & BJV 55. .115>;1154 Giant Con Co. Ktt 9**4,
BRy of Cal 6s.loj>U — Vie rlt 1% IVi
BPof A «!«.... — 111 : Sugar—
BP C 65(1505). — 111 Hana P C 0.... — 10
B i- C to<l*t).ni — "aw C*a Co — yi
B P C Cs(l9l2).llSVi — Hnnokoa S Co. 33 —
BPC Is eg to - — ! Hutch a P Co. 26% —
6PBr to 123H — Kllauea S Co.. — 27
B V Wat t0.. .1141, - | Makawell SCoi) 46
S V Wai 4« 102 7 »M3'; Onomea S Co.. 344 —
X V W4s<3dm). 1014102* Paauhau S Co. 32H —
Stkton Ga«t -in. — — I Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack A?sn.llS'«nS4
Contra Costa.. 75«4 75^ «i« Ex A**n.. — 10 °
Mann County, M — Oceanic S Co.. S3*« —
Spring Valley. Ktf — iPa<- A r A... 1»* -'*
Gas and Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.14.. —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. 84 —
Cent L A P.... — fi\
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Coata Water j» •*»
t50f.0 Contra Costa Water bonds iw .5
210 Giant Powder Con « <*?
10 Giant Powder Con, ■ 90 5 5J
50 Honokaa S Co J- 5.4
50 Hutchlnnon .- P Co 2 52u
25 HutililnH.,n B P Co, cash o >-4
13 Makaweli *•> £|
US Paauhau B P Co *•■ ™
» Pacific Gas Imp -- -r*
10 Pacific Gas Imp '« JJ?
40 Pacific <;.<* Imp ■ g
5 Pacific Lighting «" £
20 BPOlt & Electric Co M -j
CO S v <■ ■■• A Electric Co -4 »
30 B F Gas A Electric Co «-4 £
20 B F Gas A Electric Co M 374
(A S V Water .T777..V777^. H W
in:, s V Water 2* '5.,
2i) 8 V Water 5 * •«}■
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 374
Street— „
23 Giant Powder Con *j X?
JT^)O S V 4 ptr cent bonds. M mort HI (*)
11000 Oakland Gas bonds 108 -0
Afternoon Session.
Board— „. „
21 Rank of California «* 00
100 Contra Co*ta Water »«
225 nokaa S Co ~ { ~>
10 Honokaa S Co « -j
25 Oceanic B B Co >♦ M
40 Oceanic S Co ffZLi
\l4O Paauhaa 8 Co « ».4
100 Paauhau S Co 32 CO
10 Paaahau B Co, cash 3: ro
1.. Pa tuh;m S C 3. Q
CO Paauhau 8 C 32 :A
20 Pacific Gas Imp *>« »■
13.'. 8 F Gas & Electric Co 54 .o
3". S F Gas & Electric Co, * '■<•' M 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 10 54 13
23 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 55 (A
25 S F Gu* & Electric Co 55 W)
12.'. S F Gnt> & Electric Co 53 50
in S V Water 9- (l °
£0 S V Water ?'• pj;
10 s V Water ** 2 ~'-z
50 H V Water 93 50
4<» Vlgorit 3 .V)
300 Vlgorit •• 3 J.i
J20.0C0 Oakland Transit Co. » per cent 111 f.O
!4f'iO S F A N P Railway bonds 115 •*)
$1000 S P Branch Ky -". per cent bonds 123 50
tSOOO S V 4 per cent bonds lu3 00
Street—
50 Market-pt Railway 11l
16 Bank of California 233 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Contra Ci.yta Water 73 77>
23 Corrtra Costa Water 73 «24
lf-0 Equitable Can *> 124
30 Paauhau Sugar Co 31 73
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co C 3 25
20 Oceanic B B Co 91 60
10 S V Water 9110
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 EqultpMe Gas « M
20 Giant T'owder S3 75
20 Giant Powder 95 574
3<> Giant Powder 96 00
1C Hawaiian Commercial 94 £0
25 Makawell Sugar Co 45 SO
10 Oakland Gas ; 43 73
13 Oakland Gas 4". 574
5 Onomea Sugar Co 23 824
10 Onomea Sugar Co 33 50
20 S i" Gas .v Electric ..., 64 73
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 23
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 374
100 Vigortt Powder 3 50
CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Tidal Wave ; 65
100 Tidal Wave 2 70
150 Barker Ranch 1 ]0
3tO Century Oil Co jto
s<»i Anaconda Oil Co ] 35
ISO Yukon Crude Oil Co I 40
150 Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 50
Street—
£00 Oakland Oil A Gas 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Tidal Wave 275
100 Tidal Wave 2 M
100 Tidal Wave :«
100 Tidal Wave 2 »
10D Tidal Wave 2 93
3<>o Century Oil •'■> S3
100 Anaconda- Oil Co 13*.
100 Anaconda Oil Co i 41)
IM Anaconda Oil Co i 4-.
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 50
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 $5
130 Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 25
100 Shamrock Oil Co 2 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1500 Dominion 40
1-10 M me Oil 400 mi
1-10 Home Oil 175 00
600 Petroleum Center 35
Street—
100 San Luis 6 IS
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Blue Goose. .j 29 00
22C0 Dominion 40
BJO Dominion 4-,
li*i Pennsylvania. Consolidated 1 0&
6W) Petroleum Center 35
100 Sar. Luis • 3714
Street—
20 Parkneld 17 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were th» sales In San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 41 IN Ophlr 1 if»
700 Best & Belcher 40 9<v> <> ,hlr "1 03
200 Con Cal A Va..l 33 600 Overman .... ' i«
400 Con Cal & Va..l M 500 Potosl ... .*) 2«
300 Gould & Curry ii» 100 Savage "" 15
ZW Gould • Curry 1: 20u Savage .... * X,
COO Hale A Norc... 40 IP* Sierra Nevada 41
700 Mexican "1 .'<•• Union C0n....! 35
7 ■• Mexican .. . 50.
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha or.l 400 Mexican 49
100 Caledonia 571 Mt Opbir . 100
200 Caledania ... SAj 100 . . ; hir ... ."1 03
200 Challenge 22 100 Overman .... " 17
200 Con Cal A Va..l 65, 100 Potosl .... ' *7 ,
100 Con Cal a Va..l 50! 230 Sierra Nevada. 41
10) Crown Point... 21 : 330 Sierra Nevada 40
300 Gould & Curry is i ZOO Union Con. " 34
2C-0 Justice 091 20 Yellow Jacket. 13
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
V*> Best * Belcher 4.V 400 Mexican . 43
100 Best A Belcher 4" 4 0 Ophlr 1 in
300 Best A Belcher 42 ISO Ophlr "l 07' i
200 Challenge Con. 21' 700 ; .hlr .. 105
300 Challenge Con. 22 1200 Ophir "i'cu
900 Con Cal A V.I 874 i'-v, Pl , hlr ' I*oo
500 Con Cal A Va..l 55; 30fl tosl .... " ' 2?
400 Crown Point... 221 300 Sierra Nevada 4.1
600 Gould A Curry 19 300 Sierra Nevada. 42
W0 Gould & Curry 13 1 700 Union C0n..... M
400 Mexican 51 200 Union Con 25
400 Mexican 50
Afternoon Session.
300 Best A Belcher 33! 350 Mexican .... 41
100 Caledonia .... SS 1900 Ophlr "l 03
M 0 Ch.llar 22, 750 Ophlr l>iZ
500 Con Cal A V.I 674! 300 --rra Nevada V
600 Con Cal A Va..l 63i 100 Sierra Nevada 3'»
4SO Con Cal A v.i SIH 400 Union Con * i;
200 Crown Point... 21 100 Union Con "34
1300 Justice 091
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nor. 22—4 p. m .
Bid Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 03|Kentuck 01 (f
Alta "1 02 Lady Wash .... - (£
Andes 13 —[Mexican 45 w
Belcher 23 30 Occidental 13 13
Bent A Belcher 39 40 Ophir 1 Oil 1 Of.
Bullion 08 •07 Overman I* h
Caledonia 55 MiPotoal « *»S
Chollar 22 23 Savage 15 ll
Challenge Co.n.. 21 22 Scorpion 02
Confidence 84 Seg Belcher.... 04 o*l
Con CM A Va..l SO 1 331 Sierra Nevada. 33 40
AUCTION SALES
FOR SALE!
125 Hr Al) OF No. I HORSES.
•\\r> of \. > i hi
Tnr All P ,k.n anri fnbr..ken.
Jh Fr .m I ■ at
KNIERR & ALLAN S.
r> " SILVER AYE.. 1
The r • f
use and will be ■■ r»^»-
ELEGANT FURNITURE
OF 100 ROOMS.
1 art st . COR TAYLOR
THIS DAI (THURSDAY) AT 11 \ M.
'• FKUriEL +*x lit
Con Imperial.. .1 f2|Sll\.«r Hill Ot —
Crown P',:nt... 21 23 Sr Loo Is — Of,
Exchequer - .n.lard I t»
Could A- Curry 17 •>
Norc.. . ii Xi
Julia 1 1 IT tali n« o)
Justice OS ii» Yell.w Jacket
Sun, Moon and Tide.
L'nlt»>'l ''tate-* r«r-ast and < jrver-
Time- .tr ! !■ I Loi
War.ru at
Kit: .al au
:-nt
NOTJE T! •• I low wst.--
•i-<>treet wharf) ■h.^ut
•wonty-flve rnlnut'-?« later than a*
Urn height of tI.U Is the same at both places.
THT i
Fun rl~- «:»
Sun flat! I I
» p m
f If V.
ITlm*
Tlm«
a ...I m« 4.9 9:50;
:* ... 5:21 5.0 11:01
25 ... 6: f O 5.1 12:10
IJ ... 8:38 5.2 1:"5
L W 11 \V
21 ... 0:11 1 g 7:11
» ... 0:.'.2!— 2.1 7 •«!-
:■.< ... 1:35 3.4 8:14 i
S.O 3:17
2.9 4:20
2.5 5:34
2.0 «:5A
I. W
5.2 100
-Z.*\ 2:2«
, S.« 3:M
■
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven In the left
hand column anil the successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
fecofid time column Kites the second tide, of
tn« day. tU" tnird time- -column- the third tW*
and the last or right hand rolumn give* th«
] nt tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes -occurs. The height*
given are In addition to the »oun<lln*» on th»
I'nltrd States Cast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precede* the height,
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
tne depth given l-y the charts. The plan* of
reference Is the mean of the lower low ffafr*.
« •
Steamer Movements. j
4> +
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Hue
| '
1'nntllla Virtnrla * I -.
.1 H
■
'
fornna Min loco lNoV.II
Weeott IHumhoMt [Nov. :»
Ob Sane ••■ I'h.r. i ami Japan |N r >v ■"»
Projrreso ITacnma Not. Ti
frfsrrnt Clty...!rr»!«c»nt fity I Nov. I".
DH None iCrejrent City IKOV.SS
Homer \Cn-m Bay ... 'Nov. Zi
Columbia t>'ortlan<l Nov. z<
Ah*r<Wn IPortlsn.! INot. 2K
Orizaba :N>wp^>rt |Nov. J<
Pamn* IHumhol.lt INot. 28
North Fork iHumbolrtt No*. I*
Matt pa wan iTacoma Nor. 2il
fur^oao 'Mexico Nor. IT
Lakme |POB*I Sound Nov. I?
Portland 'F'ortland Nov. ??
Miami iSeattle Nov. 17
THlus Dcpnrture Bay Nov. Tt
Santa Rn«a |Sin Pl^co Nov. Z%
r.xiull'.e Klver..'nray« Harb-nr [NoT.11
Que^n IVlctorla * I*UK»t Soan«l Nov. T^
E. Thompson Tomoi tNov.
Alllanr*' !<">rcjcon Ports 'Nov. *»
i -no,, Bay Newport !Nov. M
San I'.'.i* I Panama I Nov. 2t
S"tatf <■• r»I (Portland !D#c. 1
.
S!»am'r. De»tlnatlon. I ?.i.:«
I i ' __
Arcata Coon Ttay !Nov. 23. 1> am|Pler 13
Cleveland •• Pu«ret Sound .'.Nov. 23. spm:Pter 1
Gr. Dollar.. ! Gray» Harbor Nov. 2», « pm|
fctate of Cal .Portland (Nov. 24. 10 unvPler Z»
Coca Bay... Newport |Nov. 21. 9atn;Plerll
Nip. Maru.. China* Japan' Nov. 23. 1 pm.PMSS
Pt. Arena.. l Pclnt Arena..! Nor. 25. 2 pmlPler 1
Pomona ....tHumbol.lt INov. 1".. I pm'Pter 9
»wrmnr ..JGrays Harbor' Nov. 13. '> pn
Weeott [Humboldt INov. 25. 5 pmlPler 13
Corona ... Sun Ulcro Nov. IS. 11 am! Pier 11
Umatlita ..(Vic & P*t 84 Nov. 27. 10 am! Pier »
Orizaba ....(Newport Nov. I«. > amlPJer 11
Colon IPannma Nov. 7*. II m PMSS
Fam<>a IHuwboldt Nor. 2^. 10 ami Pier 2
North ForkHumbol.lt.. Nov. ». 9am fir 2
Aberdeen ..Portland.. Nov. *»
Al.tm.-u ... Sydney Nov. 29. 19 pen pi«t 7
Columbia ..Portland INov. 2*.». 10am'Pier2l
Ranta Rosa. San Dle»o !Nor. 30, 11 amPler 'I
♦ — . ■»
Shipping Intelligence.
• •
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. N'orfmlw IJ.
Stmr Cleveland. Klu<aar.!. :. days from Se
attle.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. *0 hours from Coos Pay.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. 92 hour* from Coos
Day.
Stmr Bonlta, Buehard. (3 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr George W Elder, Parsons. 27 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 21 days, vta Kobe 13
days.
Stmr Coon Bay. Glelow, 75 houra from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Alice Dlanchard. Jessen. M hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. 54 hours from
Aberdeen.
Pr stmr Belgian Kin*. Weiss, M days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 1« days.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, 5 days IS hours
from Nanalmo.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. November 23
Stmr Stat* of California. Astoria: Goodall
Perkins * CoT
Park Annie Johnson. Nelson. Hllo; J D
Epreckels A- Ero* Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. November 22.
Stmr Cleone. Walvig. .
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Santa Horn. Alexander. San Diego, etc
Stmr Glrwy. Inland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwlng. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Cleone. Walvl*. .
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Stmr Fulton. Levtnson. Trinidad,
Stmr Alex Duncan. Norander. — .
I! S ftmr Pathfinder. Perkins. Honolulu.
Pr Ktmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanalmo.
TELEGRAPHIC
roINT LORDS. Nov 22. 10 p m- Weather
cloudy: wind east. « miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
rvt 23. lat 2« S. lon 44 Ship St Francis
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
Per stmr Belgian Kins;— Nov 22, 100 miles W
of San Francisco, shiy Spartan, from Seattle.
far San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrlve.l Nov 21— Stmr Queen, hear*
Nov 17: bark «>y|on. from Honolulu; stmr City
of Topeka. from Alaska.
Sailed Nov 21— Hr stmr St Irene, I • Hons>
kong: atmr Victor, for Manila: stmr Queen for
San Francisco: stmr City of Topeka. for Drea.
Nnv 22-Schr Win.l.m for Honolulu: schr Wm
Renton. for San Franciaeo: schr Metha Nelson.
. >:el. •«■■.
°f MI-QUA-Arrlved Nov 1« s*<-hr Louise, from
San Pedro. '„•■■■
EUREKA-Arrtved Nov 22-Stmr Brunswick
hence Nov 20; stmr Samoa, hence Nov «• itnr
North Fork, hence Nov 21. ' * Mr
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Pomona, for Ran Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO-Salled Nov 22-Schr "■■sin.
for Olympta; stmr Pasadena, for Eureka
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 22— Rark Harry
Morse, hence Oct 31.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONG KONG- Arrived Nov 22-Br nmr Gae
lic hence Oct 24.
NAGAPAKI-Salled Nov 2V-Stmr Z*atandla.
for San Francisco. Nov W-Br stmr GlenoKle.
for San Francisco..
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Nov -• — Stmr Curacao.
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived previous to No* 22—
Btmr Gaelic, from San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Alcoa, for Ran Fran
cisco.
NAGASAKI-Sailed Nov 13-Stmr Glenogle.
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA-Salle.l Nov 11-tftmr Ernegla.
for Tanm.a.
NEW YORK-Salled Nov 22-Stmr Georjrlc.
for Liverpool : stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton: utrnr Oldenburg, for Hrt-rn. n . stmr West
ernland. for Antwerp: stmr Majestic, for Liver
pool.
QUEENBTOWN — Arrived V v » — Stmr
Oceanic, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
PLTMOi-n h - Nov 22— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg. for New York.MERCHANTS ASK
FOR BETTERMENT
Of WATER FRONT
Harbor Commission
ers May Proceed.
The North Central Improvement As«o
< lar'.on. which represents most of the
banka and :. larce share of the wealth vt
: Francisco, has addressed v commnnl
catloo to tho State Board of Harbor Com
missioners advocating tho Improvementa
«n the water front sugKested by Engineer
Holmes, the r:e\v» concerning which was
I'uLlifthed « Kdustvely in The talL
"As property owners ln thla district."
to r«.ads the communication ln prut,
"wl.i. !i ha» suffered for many years
through lack of attention, and ln wnich
1 ropertjr is fteadlly «lecreahlnß in value.
Vc ar«- anxious to forward any plan which
vill tend to brinK increased ttade whtre
It properly belong-s in tins wholesale di-
tti< t. near the water front."
'Hie dltCOttton fif the condition <->f the
water lront in relation to the prospective
>'!ume ot the commerce «>f thi- port in
the columns of The Call; whUh was be-
Kun with an interview with T. C Frie.l-
Undtr. ha« evidently net the commerdal
Kitamunlty to ;hi:iKinK very hard. A let-
Mr !::ik t.«cn ro»il\.-<l l.y the editor of Tha
« .... from the Mcretary of the chamber
..I « -..niiiu-rcc. the tody of which is at fol
low*:.
\\> tirw pleased to n. t!ce ln The Call of the J
Ut-i .'ru J*>» M-kvral arwclos ln rcsard tr> mat.-i
tt-n on the water iront. particularly the noel
of tetter aocoi&madaUona for the Increased
•hipping of . .nr port. These are subjects In
whtra the <'hatil»er of C mmerw has always
tiiken tli* Kr»-4te»t interest. A special i'<>m
mluev afjiointisl fur that ..:;•* has made a
report to the chamber, devoting social atlon
lion to the utßent need of Increased wharrutre
:.i,-lUles. Tbls kan.e committee Is Mil! ut w.Tk
upoa matters penalnlnit to the trati-r fn.nt.
Tru»Tirnr that a;i or cur efrnrts mar ref'Jit ln
t :.f tarclhie results Ny.ng Immediately ac- I
< impll#h#«j toward the end !n view. etc.
Tt.e combined membership of the North j
iV:.tra! Improvement Association and !
\\\" Chamber of Commerce represents |
about ail of commercial San Francisco, j
Siirrt-d up by th«>s« evidences of pub-
V.f interest the Harbor Commissioners
ny talking about tn.iklnc a move «>f s^me
an 1 ncii'in ii; the next few days is
3lk»!y to tuke place. In the meantime
t-onie r^timiites are pathered from K.igl- )
:.<i r Holmes concerning the cost of im- I
provtntr ihe water front and bringing it
t.}> to the st.-uidard of large ports o!se
v .':• re.
"To extend th«» seawall southward to
Becocd - : troct from Its present wiutherly
|xJint of completion." nald Mr. Holmes.
'.'would <«ist approximately r7.V3.'X»; the
northerly extension to Polk street
would 'Icure up about J»"t>H 1 Veach this '
conclusion by estimating the cost of ««»-a
vnH construction at about $125 per lineal
: -t. Tn« lrixths to be filled in wlihin
'. ..• boundaries defined are «>X» feet and
: "■ feet, respectively, the srreater dis
tance I'c'.ie nn the southerly extension.
Vt:at would cive room for twenty-nvc ad
dltlonal piers from Taylor street to the
fool -f l'olk and fourteen additional piers
between the f-x>t of Market street and Sec
ond. The si;].* between woul.i be lsO fe«t
wide; the piers from tf«o to mVj fe*t long.
The coil i it pier can »>e :lBur«:-d at ab->ut
JT '.•■'•". Exclusive of ferry piers there i»re
now twenty piers exlsttne. If the sea
wall were extended northerly to Polk
street and southerly to Seoond street and
all the iilers were built for which room
would thus be provided the total rum
ber of piers would bo fifty-nine. Accom
modation could be given with that outfit
to ISO ships at once. Trie sum of SC.ODO.OOO
would (five us the finest equipped nar-
U>r In the world. Of the twenty existing i
wharves seventeen ought to be rebuilt
to bring thorn up to dnte. That would I
COM ?i.:".«V>o>"i ln round figures. t%
These rijrurff will be interesting In the ;
dlscusalon of the whole subject of water
front Improvement which is e%idently
about to Lake place. The report of the '
committee <>t th<- Chamber of Commerc«
••n the water front made these reconi
mendaUon«: A new wharf immediately
riortn ot 'lie flsh»-rm* > n's wharf aj-.d the
Lombard street ferry tllps and char.se*
In Hips that would be necessary tit that
|*>tnt; also the romo\-al of the fishermen
tit roar the foot of Jonrs street and the
ranittrucUOft of a new cover*«l pier
■"here :!n» fishermen .ire now; also the
« vu-nsSon of the *e.iwa!l Foutherly from
Ira present u-rmlr.us and the building of
jjeccraary r.rw r.!«*rs fn>m the southerly
• tennnn of the senwall. Tho chamber's
« 'trrnftteo also rrrommended that piers
Fhould be '«• f.-ot lone Instead of ' #A
: -■••:: that a lsrg.» pier or breakwater
rhOQld he constructed at a sufTlclent dis
tance mrth «>f pier S7 to give mom for
t r pi.-rs between, the large p|, r to be
filled !n eolldlv and to Im> 800 feet lon»r
til i ::•• feet wide; also th«. building "of !
.• • ■ ther trreat pier at th* font Harri- |
:■ !: < r Hrynnt <tre»t as a protection fr^m
BSterlr storms, nnd also that the i
Legislature i«> nske.l to provide for -he
I'KUance -f $l.fM».<»M bonds to raise the
:.. • . i ■»• n*»f-<3*»d.
The rhaml«r adoptM the report .him
v.is jdgned by John Pnlheer. Robert Dol«
]ir , I , t ;- J r r h ir man - Elw: »rd P. Kentfield
; n.l \\ . U. MnrM.fi.
■ntnra soldier found.
UM Bennett. Posted as Missing,
s Up Ail Right.
few
■
-
W dayn in
1 sur
! rum
;'lay.
• T< ..chers on Trial.
The Board of Education mot last night
In executive fosFlun to consider charges
I>rrf«<rr«-d against Miss J. It. Gorman of
the Jefferson Primary School and Miss
Lmi Smithson «>r the Hearst Grammar
hcnool. Miss Gorman wns accused of hav
l:.g iru'liit-d ni'»r«' tlian necessary punish
ment uj>on threo small children. The
<l.arge was »u*talned and Miss Gorman
v.as su?p*-nded without pay for eighteen
ironth*. Ah lias been a teacher ln the
"••partmi-nt. for tweniy-elght years Fhe
will »*• nl.ie io receive jtrnslon benefits at
the -xpiration of her punishment.
Ml*s t-mlinvrci w«s ncusod of being un-
Ohk fi rr.alm.-Un discipline In the class
»'.i.rn. Th«? charge wan t-ustained and Su
perintendent Webster was Instructed to
Jlnd a place for Miss Smlthson in some
t'Jner school.
Darwin and Moses.
At the Christian Church last night Isaac
Selby lectured to a fair audience on "Dar
win and Moses." Mr. Selby is a reformed
frtr. thinker. He was very .well received
J.y M« aurilonre many of them approach
ing him aftf r the lecture to -hake hands
Jie i* df-»-iroiia of nd<lrc»s<lne r>eonle> whr»
will question his st-tcWnt^ anT s £n
Jldrnt of provinif his theories to their sat
l.-faction To-night he will Ircture on
Australia." Illustrating his subject with
•tereoptieon views.
St. Anthony? Church Cnnrert.
There 1 was a koo<l atu-mlAnce of young
folks at fit. Anthony* Hall on Army
Urct ls*t nlßht to att*-:id n vocal and In
btrumental conrrrt with a <lc?lr«» to con
tribute toward th«» liquidation of th* debt
nttendinK the erection of the hall which
Is at inched to St, Anthony'n Church. The
programme, though lonjf. never becam*
tedious nr null, except at the time that
the electric light which wita Intended to
Illuminate the scene rave out and left
the gathering In the lark.
CONTRIBUTIONS
WANTED BY RED
CROSS SOCIETY
Fresh Appeal Is Made
to the Public.
The fund contributed to the San Fran-
I Cisco Red Cross Society by the citizens of
j this cily for the benellt of returning sol
j diers and expended with deliberate care
I and Judgment, is nearly exhausted. Every
j transport coming from the Philippines
j bring!* with it a number of discharged sol
i dlers. and among them will be those who
j nred just such assistance as the Red
1 Cross Society has given in the past.
In order to continue Its good work an
appeal !.-« made to the public for further
! contributions. Soldiers who have landed
i in this city, discharged from service. *\cs
iiu:t<- and without the immediate means.
j have been provided for in a purely hu
! niatiit'irlan tvay. Clothes, food and trans
. j>«. nation t<> thrir homes have been fur-
I nishe.! thorn. Hundreds and hundreds in
j like condition will come to this city week
aft« r week, and it is to accord them the
i rame helpful hand that the Rod Cross
! Society now appeals to the public of San
I Francisco.
The delay in the present appeal was on ;
nccoum of* an expectation on the part of
the society that such portion of the fund
given to the citizens' executive committee
as was not usetl in entertainment would
all be devoted to soldiers' relief work. If
this Is n«<t to !>«» the case the society
j stands ln Immediate need- of funds to
carry on its work.
A complete list of receipts and expendi
tures has been prepare*! and the class of
work accomplished by the society since it*
inception. It is as follows:
From May. l k ?fc. to November 1. IW.
the receipts of the •ociety from
u'.: iHiurrfn. lnclu<i!n* subncrii>tiuna.
ir.« % nib« i r!>!]|p!«. donation", tntrrtaln
nent". public n-hfx'ln, allowances
from citl*fi«»' committee of San FYan
j ei«v\ etc.. an- *70.916 rs
Thio mini has Wen <l!»hur»o>l up follows:
To California Volunteers — First Battery
Heavy Artillery. K!r*t Uegtmrnt In
fantry. Seventh IlPKtment Infantry... 3.350 11
I South l».ikota Ir.far.try 200 00
I 'V: a:<-\ ; i. .:.:', and maintenance of dis
charged Midlers ... 5.366 7!
IWurnri !■>• citizens' executive com
mittee 4.523 S7
I>ru|r* tent on transports and distribut
ed in camps 4.701 97
Clothlr.y. blar.ketc, <Iry Koods. boots
and fchoes -:■■-.
Furniture. tents, com, mattresses."
stevi**, etp 2. 177 IS
Ii ..•■:• :..:',-\ committee, feeding OUtlTO
lnu ana Inrr.mlr.g soldier* 4.525 47 !
Tent expanse* — Hospital ter.t and
nurses; reading l«-m. TreMdlo : s;9 34
Purnl^a; Instrument*. mMical treat
j ment of noldier*. ambulance 5.57S T2
MenMhratlon medals and badges C.470 73
I KxrenseF supply depot— l.al>or. dray-
Inu. office Spreckels bulllinp. Hearst
building, ter.t at Union Square 4.213 !» '
Expenseis of entertainments, drills, etc.,
and miscellaneous ... 1,049 13
To California State Association, for
Manila. convale«cer.t. hospital, etc •:..597 7«
Red Cross Bones In Manila 215 00
<srocerieF. milk, canned goods, wines.
*tc. fur transports and distributed
ln camps :..93f. 9-:
CVok for division hospital at Presidio... 380 00 I
Colonel Miley. for library ln Manila 100 00
L*>s Anceles lied Crou Society, for care
of soldiers ;;9 ]«;
Rev. O. C. Mllier. chaplain tn Manila.. 300 00
Relief of st. ldlers through Assi«oiated
Charities .. L4OC 55
Total expenses to November 1. 1559.. 567,701 91 '
pwirt« nMii :s i
I'lsbursements 67 7^l 91 j
Bailee November 1. 1«99 13 214 37 I
November 21. statement of treasurer
snows on hand. jj gj.; J
A few items sh.-.wina; work done 'rruy 'be of i
Interest: H.42J coldlara were fed m the ferry by
| the h«wpltality committee; 73.761 bandages of
I different kinds were furnished: 2i\034 comfort
Japs were furnish**] : 34-6 meala were sriven at '
diet tent to; men too : ,, flir any rat | ons and ;
not i!| fnniirt r,i r ho*;utal.
In the fir.-t two months *n.V4 paper* and ma*- i
■ r.r.es were j.acke.i and sent on trajn.j.ort* for .
the use of men. t~n» i« i
A variety of deliracies were sent with eaoh |
transport. Including cocoa, condensed milk >
clam . juice, malted milk, jellies, dried fruit '
* i
FARMERS WELL PLEASED.
A Well-Distributed Rain Irrigates
the Entire State.
The reports of the Southern Pacific
Company for the twenty-four hours yes
terday morning show n general fall of
rain throughout the emir? State and In
the southern counties, where it was most
needed. th<- fall has been the heaviest
Here and there the skies have contented
themselves with tssumtns a lowering a«
pect and In other places tho fall hasVen
little more than a succession of small
showers. Hut in most places the rain has
had a rood steady fall, and the conse
quence is that the farmers arc rejoicing
in an abundance of water. J ■"■
There is no extensive section of country
that has been left unirrieated except thi>
mountainous districts where snow and
Ice have taken the place of clouds and
rain drops. |
TREASURE FOUND ON
SUNKEN SPANISH SHIPS
The Government Was Badly Advised
Regarding the Disposal of the
Captured Vessels.
SANTIAGO. Cuba. Nov. 22.-Cuban
wreckers who have been employed during
the last six month* in stripping Spanish
war vessels destroyed by Americans in
battle off Santiago, are reported to have
found $190,000 in Spanish gold in the
crulwr Almlrante Oquendo.
This gold was found in the Oquendo's
safe, which fell to the bottom of the chip
•men tho vessel was burned. The safe
was opened by divers yesterday. They
had constructed a shaft, being unable to
raise the safe. The finding of the money
is likely to cause a controversy between
the wreckers and the agent of a commer
cial line which has furnished all the div
ing apparatus and paid the men SI cents
a pound for brass and copper recovered
The wreckers insert that money was not
covered In the arrangement made with
them.
More than $100,000 worth of brass and
copper has been taken from the Alml
rante Oquondo, Vlscaya. Cristobal Colon
and Furor. The wrecking of the last two
Is now in progress. The Furor la Ing In
thirty feet of water, and shows little
damage, and in the opinion of experienced
wreckers the United States has been badly
advised regarding the reclaiming of ves
sels.
The large sums of Spanish gold and sil
ver found on the vessels Is due to the
expectation of Admiral Cervera that he
would escape with some of his ships The
money had been received to pay off the
Spanish troops. Prominent Spaniards say
the presence of so much gold on the war
ships was due to the l.rlief of the Span
irh commanders that the city of Santiago
would »>c taken, but that some of the
ships might escape with the money.
Young Boy a Thief.
OAKLAND. N< • d Harold Axtell
"■• and • nptoyed al tt-.e }i.. t ..i
;.!« tropt :• was arresu d limt nipht on sus
picion df having robbed rooms |g th^ hotel
1 as the cash Proprietor
K. M. Brlare has had complaints of ml«<%
uteij fri'ii h Dumber of the
I has also found ;i shori
the register. Last night a trs
for Axtell. who li
Into it. The register I | and th. n
:• \\h* watOhed and was caiig.Mt
a from it. He broke down an
when arrested. He is .-aid to be
ulu. He came here frum tian
Francisco.
Cape Nome Hospital.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22— A copy of the
' ape. Nome. Alaska. Gold Dinar of Oc
tober 25 announces the arrival there of
«lx lady nurses from this city, and San
Francisco. These lad if- are Mlbs H. V.
Hnrbauffh, Miss Elizabeth Benton, Miss
Hoi»a J..-.m<>nt. Mrs. J. Tiedeman. Miss
Vivian Tledeman and Mrs. Wlrt. wife of
Rev. Loyal L. Wlrt. The miner* met.
after the delegation of ladies arrived, and
made arranßements for the proper sup
port of a hospital. It was estimated that
♦1000 a month would b© sufficient funds.
These ladles have (rone to Alaska to carry
to Miccer. the hospital enterprise of Rev.
, Mr. WlrL
THE SAN FT, AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBEIt 23, 18W>.
TO RAISE FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS
EACH DAY FOR EIGHTEEN DAYS
MEN CHEERFULLY AID IN PROVING THEIR INCAPACITY.
OLAND Nov. 22. - Eighteen
remain in which the
: ladies must raise the pro
pose.) ttftjMO for a library sue,
| that th. y will re
quire all that time. The collection of
this money Is the leading • vent In
soc: and will be till the sub
scription juts are closed. Since the
Tribune first s. cured the 160.000 from
A i drew Carnegie, the subject has
minently In the public
After the failure of the men to get
red amount interest la|
for a :• \v .iays. but the advent of the
■i the en
id the collect-
Ing ol mon< y is now looked upon as
having a very huni' I
Although the m« ri who attended that
li | at Eh • d h.tm
:h.
!>»■!; t adroitly man.i
WILL ENTER THIS CITY
TO RIVAL WELLS-FARGO
Great Northern Express Company-
Making Arrangements to Compete
for the Business of This City.
Notwithstanding the fact that the orti
clals of Wells, Fargo .v Co. seem to think
the idea of a rival in this city Is prepos
terous, yet a rival they are to have and
• •ne that will make them move to keep
their end of the business up to anything
like Its present magnitude.
Staying at the Palace on his way to th.-
East is W. J. Footner, vice president and
general manager of the Great Northern
Kxpresa Company. Mr. Footner comes to
this city from Seattle and Portland,
where he has been looking Into the con
cerns of the great corporation of which
he is the practical head, and his presence
here Is to perfect arrangements with the
J'aelllc Coast Steamship Company which
will allow hjm to enter into competition
with Wells. Fargo &, Co. In this city.
The latter company has contracts with
the Southern Pacific Company, the Santa
Fe and the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley railroads which assure It a
positive monopoly of all the trans
continental business coming into this city
»>y rail. The Great Northern Express
Company has terminals at Portland and
the Puget Soun.l ports, and, while It can
not touch Wells-Fargo on the railroad
. i.d of it as far as San Francisco is con
corned, it can. through Its recent contract
with the Patllle Coast Steamship Com
pany, reach this city by water and at .i
cost that will allow it to cut way under
Its rival In the matter of charges. The
difference in time Is only slight because of
the comparatively short distance that the
goods will have to be sent by water, while
the (Terence in price will be a matter of
considerable moment, particularly when
the new company absorbs the war tax
which at present Wells-Fargo compels its
shippers to bear themselves.
This new competition by the Great
Northern Express Company not only
means thai it will affect the present busi
ness done by Wells-Fargo; it also means
that it will have considerable effect on the
Southern Pacific by diverting much of the
trade from that road and sending over
the more northern lines the immense
business that the cheaper rates will be
sure to attract.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Judge Barham Announces Himself
as a Candidate for Senator. •
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.-The Cali
fornia Congressmen now In Washington
are looking out for their assignments to
committees. Although General Hender
aon claims that while he is not as yet
Speaker, ho is recognized by all as the
presiding officer of the Fifty-sixth On
gress. His rooms are daily tilled by Con
gressmen from all sections making known
their wants in this direction. Judge Bar
ham called upon him to-day, and when
asked what assignments he expected scld
"Mr. Speaker, I hope to be retained as
a member of the Interstate and Foreign
Commerce Committee, and If no other
member wishes mileage I will act as its
chairman again."
Representative Barham told The Call
correspondent to-night that In case of
an extra session of the California Legis
lature he would be a candidate for Sen
ator, to succeed Senator White. Judge
rtarhani says that he has received com
munications from all parts of California
which Rive him great encouragement In
his candidacy, and he has assured ca<>h
that in case of his election he will en
deavor to serve the people to the best of
his ability.
The Secretary of the Interior to-day
made a request on the Secretary of me
Treasury for $925,000 for payment of pen
sions at the San Francisco pension
agency.
The postofflce at Harrison. San Mateo
County, will lie discontinued after to
day. Mall should be sent to La Honda.
,i E. Fleming was to-day appointed post
master at Coultervllle, Mariposa County.
vice James H. Kerrlck, resigned; also
Walter F. Sanlgan at Hodson. Calaveras,
vice Buther Everett, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Jacob E. Whit
son. Selma. JS; Charles L«onhardt, San
Francisco, $ti: Daniel A. Bennett. Chiro,
$8; Irving Fuller. Veterans' Horn". Napa,
J6; Patrick Mndden, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles. 110. Original, widows, etc.—Spe
cial accrued November 11, Alicia Hlckox
Los Angeles. $S. Mexican War survivors
—Increase— George W. Coulter, Chinese
Cnmp. JK to 11 i.
Oregon: Original— James Moss, Gravel
ford. $C; Ellis P. Fraser. Portland. IS. In
creaso—Jackson Lewis, Elgin, $8 to $10
Reissue and Increase— Edwin P. Kyle. &a
lem. M to $17. ■, „
WaKhlngton: Renewal-William Llttle
5.'. i.. Spr ve ' $10. Increase— John Hoist,
Colville. M to $8; George Tlnkham, Y<s
ler, $S to $12.
J. A. Goodrich Dead.
San UJia OBIBPO, Not, 22. -J. A.
Onndrloh. the City Clerk of this city, died
this morning. Consumption was the
cuuxe.
DIED.
FLI NN-In this city, at the Potirro. Novem
ber 21, 1<»« Michael Flynn. beloved hu*bnnd
of Julia Flynn. and father of Katie Wil
liam and Thomaa Flynn, a native of Ire
land, a*;ed 15 years.
affair? that those same fcntlslMSil are
doing what they formerly railed to do,
and their very actions ore helping to
make their former failure more pitia
ble and ludicrous.
it is now regarded ai a master
■ - taking up the
when they did They have
placed the matter In surh ■ light and
id • \ imple that
their brethren cannot but follow suit—
it is hardly optional with th. m.
There are a« yet many wealthy psjo
pie who have not been beard from.
and th« ladles would very much like
to se< ur>- I heir <h. cks.
■ 1 C. B. Daniels is anxious to
keep up popular Interest, so he has In
■ map of the . . led into
and each das h pricks S
the amount of ground that has !•• .-n
paid for by promises or cash
his record showed that eight]
WILL PUBLISH THE
CHARTER TO -MORROW
To meet the increasing ♦
i • demands of our subscnb- <*•
J ers and of those city qffi- t
♦ cials particularly inter- jested
♦ ested in the prolusions ♦
♦ of the New Charter, The X
I CiU will publish that *
♦ instrument IN FULL as ♦
♦ ♦
♦ a supplement of to-mor- *
Z raw's issue of the paper. *
t In addition there will ♦
J be a synopsis containing •
J the number of office- ♦
J holders, terms, salaries, *
: *■ :
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦
GRAVE CHARGE AGAINST
DR. J. H. GILES OF AMADOR
Physician Is Accused of Having
Caused the Death of a
Woman.
SACRAMENTn. Nov. 22.- Andrew Dar
ling, a miner of Sutter Creak, Amador
County, was arrested in this city and to- (
day brought to the Amador county sent :
for suspected complicity in a crime which
In a few hours has become the sensation
of Amador Couiity.
For twenty years or more Dr. J. H.
Giles has been a physician at the town of
Sutter Creek, ana at the present time he
holds the position of Justice of the Peare
According to the story which Darling
tells, hi* wife permitted Dr. c.ues to per
form n criminal operation upon her, al
though acainst the husband's strong pro
test. Soon after her visit to the village
doctor Mrs. Darling died and she was
hurled without any public Investigation j
Irto the manner of her demise. Sheriff
Gregory was not satisfied and an order
for the exhumation of the body was or- '
dered and warrants for the arrest of Dr. I
Giles and Darling Issued.
Darling told a startling story In this
city. He informed the constable who ar
rested him that after his wife's visit to
the doctor she had to be brought home In
a wagon, and her death soon ensued: that
after her death Dr. Giles offered him $150
and agree.i to nay all his wife's funeral
expenses provided he would keep quiet
about the circumstances of her death
Darling protests that he can clear himself
of the suspicion implied In his arrest upon '
an order fr< m the Amador Sheriff An '
inquest begun at Sutter Creek to-day re- i
suited in no conclusion tn-nlght. Dr Giles
accompanied Sheriff Gregory to Jackson
while I»nrlint,' remained | n Sutter Creek
although not In custody.
Legislators to Leave.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22.-Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf will leave for Washington
Saturday and s« ■» t > >r George c ivrliins
will depart the following Tuesday Mr
Metcalf said to-day that the Oakland har
bor matter will he the most Important
business of local Interest before Congress
He does not know to what committee lie
will be assigned by Speaker Henderson
Young Attorney to Wed.
OAKLAND. Nov. 22. -A license to marry
was Issued to-day to Charles Sty-ncr
Cunning, iifd 2«t. and Martha Audrt-y
Davis, aged 20. both residents of Oakland
Mr Cusiilng Is a member of the law firm
Of Mullany. Grant & Cushlng. San Fran
cis- o. He Is a cousin of the Misses Alice
and Lucy MoftUt
They Have Mnd? Up.
OAKLAND Nov. 22.-The Isaacs-Moore
battery case did not come -j P ln ln p „■"
Court yesterday, for tb.j combatants had
smoothed matters. Isaacs Is the father
of Hattie Isaacs, who claimed to have
been betrayed by young Permlen Moore
was a witness for the delendant. Hence
the trouble. •• lo
Sustained the Stenoeranhor
OAKLAND. Nov. 22-J u ,i Ke Greene sus
talned'Stenographer Eugene S. Van Court
this morning in the case of the county
against Van Court for the alleged Illegal
drawing of salary from the county treas
ury. , Judge Greene declared Van Court
entitled to the money drawn from the
county and cited section* to clarify his
reasons. Ex-District Attorney Snook tes
tified that the Grand Jury ordered the
suit against his advice.
sections had been secured. leaving but
sixty-three for which to obtain pay
ment.
At the suggestion of s representa
tive of one of the churches, s sub
committee, under the charge of Mrs.
Russ. Is engaged In arranging to have
the churches of the < th»
cause of the library fusd before their
congregations, to bring it to the atten
tion of some who might not be r- ached
In any other way. The same commit
tee Is to devise sorr.e plan of r> aching
the Sunday school children. It is felt
by the ladles of Ebell. ;,r..! was ex
pressed by s->me of them, that this
•ffort would be Justified by th. n
nired Importance of g l literature
as a factor in the education of youth.
Particularly Is this step thought" to be
commended by the fact that the new
i a VJ <Ki< " ut<r:tlV ' s to contain a n
children s room, devoted to the m
anil welfare of the very young.
SUING HER MILLIONAIRE
FATHER FOR ASSAULT
Sensational Action Brought by Miss
Rosa Kahn Is Called in a New
York Court.
NEW YORK. N..v fj The suit brought
by Miss ROM Kahn lo recover $25.0"0
damages for assault from h.r father.
Kahn. a millionaire, Who now lives
in Lincoln, Nebr., but who formerly lived
on Fifth avenue, in this city. u..s brought
to trial before Justice Leventrltt and i
Jury to-day Ir. the Supreme Court. The
plaintiff is named bj the Duch U d'Attxy
as the i oi. | n i ,,,. action for ab
solute dlvi it h- r husband. Al -
thur. Duke d'Auxy. which Is still pending
Ml— Kahn'a action has been on the eaT
endar r.. r the last ri\e years, the d •
the ail. K< d assault being January II
Counsel for Mr. Kahn moved to disrni-*
the suit Justice Leventritt taid that while
the proposition was i n ivel one, and while
• w of no precedent for such an a<-
tlon, be would for the Dresent permit the
case to go on and would consider the mo
tion later.
The i>;.ilntiiT. who In now ' age
then took th< stand md proceeded to give
her testimony.
QUIET AT FORT RINGGOLD.
Because of the Recent Trouble the
Post Is to Be Abandoned.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Nov. 22. -Two
annoi:: : • in regard
to the trouble between negro troops and
the citizens at Fort Rlnggold, on U.e
lit an frontier. One is the welcome
Dew*, froni t...th military and civil sources
thnt everything is : ir ther
trouble i.-= expected. The other is that the
post i.- to be peemanently aban I
The garrison will be withdrawn a
as arrangements can i>e made This ir
ter statement was mad ■ by General Mc-
Kihbi-n this afternoon .ir-.i leavi
doubt of the Intention of the military au
tbi>rlt,. -
St. ColumbVs Fair.
OAKLAND, Nov. rj— The ladles of he
candy booth for St. Columba's Fair now
being held In Kllnkner Hall. Goldm Gate,
will receive their friends Thursday even
ing. They have arranged for a splendid
programme for that evening. The prin
cipal features will be Professor James
Cooks in his latest chines.- Impersonating
act. m. Hatpin, the great iris!, specialist,
also Miss Mendel son Miss l'i-ke and
others. The ladle* having charge -ire:
Mrs. J. J. Finn. Miss Margaret Connor.
Miss Jennie Palndeuu and Miss Tennle
Doyle. >.- v--
Mothers' Ciubs Meeting.
A union meeting of the Mothers" clubs
and the California Home and School Child
Study Club will be held si Webster
School building on Fifth street, rear of
Lincoln School, on next Saturday after
noon at 2 o'clock.
m Imperial fit!
I Cocoa «11|
'$\ "America vs. Holland." gVjS^rf^ll
••£&•% Wh\ shouldn't Americans be able to pro- ■ elP^^Sj . E|
; V^''% dvi as tine a soluble cocoa a* the Dutch? • 'ssTvSsj( T /"Bsi
•:v" l K'*^k Tic Outch have io monopoly of the raw *\J ' I
•'■"■*■-■-■.', mnterinl or t"m»nufnctur.n4 hUJM. iirfl^«Vk-i SI
. " nipcrinl ' 1- ti Vo-eti»Hteo» the millennium N^*??V-^vXV- H|
;*.,'". »^^ nfoodp 0d..: .10 cup« 30 cent *. T V Ha
"k,l-"':y'Jo/m .Mini.- by ills m inn? .cturjrn of TsjJi.*
■ '' : -''' : &C~ ' Ghirardeirrs Breakfast Cocoa. .*#^ i| lL; l B
— — g^SSSSSM S»ISSSS»— g^»_»J .' * * ( (/ • I^SKf PR
CHINESE EXEMPT
FROM PAUPER
PROHIBITION
Beggars and Cripples
May Come In.
Port Collector Jackson announced yes-,
terday that he was very well pi— «d with
the determination of the Trtiisury De
partment to ask Congress at the coming
session to amend the exclusion act and
the Immigration laws so that the Chinese
Bureau might be transferred to the Na
tional Immigration Commissioner.
He pointed out In section 10 of the act
Of March 3. UN, that the act by which
immigrants of all other nationalities are
bound does not apply to Chinese immi
grants. Section 1" says. "This act shall
not apply to Chinese persons." The act
provides among other things that aliens
seeking admission to the United Statrs
must certify that their passage had been
paid by themselves, and»not by others.
In addition to complying with all the
other requirements of the law the Immi
grant must have at least $30 in cash, and
the Immigration Commissioner must be
convinced that the alien will bo able to
support himself for a reasonable length
of time upon his own resources. If the
alien be a cripple or a deformed person
he will not be admitted. Hut under the
provisions of section 10 of tho act if the
j.erson be a Chinese alien he may come
in. no matter how much of a cripple he
may be, so long as there remains t-nough
of him to speak Chinese and wag a queue.
The exclusion act provides that a Chi
nese laborer Intending to go back to China
with the purpose of returning to this
country must show to the Collector of
the Port that he owns 11000 worth of prop
erty In the United States, or has debts
to thnt amount owing to him here. Any
other alien returning to this country after
an absence, even on business, must run
the gauntlet of the Immigration tureau
Just as If he had never been here, and
should he have had the misfortune to
have lost an arm or a leg while Abroad
he may be denied admission. But the
Chinese coolie laborer bat no such re
strictions Imposed upon him. So long as
he has his return certificate In due form
he may come hither In rags, on two
wooden legs and without a cent. The
proviso that he must show before he
leaves for China that he owl at least
$1000 worth of property in this country, or
has that amount due him. Is not based
on good Judgment and ■ knowledge of
the Chinese character. In the first place,
a Chinese coolie laborer, even if he tried,
could never get $1000 ahead of the world
on the. wages for which he work after
paying his company dues and support-
Ing himself during his idle seasons, not
to speak of such expensive luxuries as
fan tan, pie gow and the opium pipe. It
should be remembered that wb'te labor
ers usually have families, and that
father, mother and children have to work
In order to live half way decently. In
the second place, the poorest beggar of
a coolie can always produce two wit
nesses to swear that he owns $1000 worth
of interest in some Chinese store or fac
tory- Officials having much to do with
the Chinese know that this kind of per-
Jury is common.
As a further instance of the partiality
shown to Chinese immigrant- Collector
Jackson referred to a recent order which
has the effect of Insuring the return of
the departing coolie. Prior to July 31 ot
the present year the Chinese laborer de
siring to go to China was allowed to go
his way without hindrance or interfer
ence. If he did not take the steps neces
sary to Insure his being landed on his
return to this country that was his own
affair, and the Customs Department was
not troubled about the matter Hut the
recent ruling of the Treasury Department
revives an obsolete law, and since the
date named requires the coolie who In
tends to return to China to give the Col
lector thirty days' notice, in order that
the Collector may hnve an opportunity
of discovering whether the coolie has it
right to return to this country, thus Im
posing another burden upon tht» Customs
Department, and watching over the In
terests of the coolie with a fatherly care
denied aliens of other nationalities.
"This whole Chinese business is a para
site upon the Customs Department," said
Collector Jackson yesterday. "It tukes
up the time of the Coll.. and his In.
spectors to the detriment of the service,
and It bears no relation whatever to the
duties of customs officers, for It has no
thing to Jo with the revenues of the Gov
ernment. I think the matter properly be
longs to the Immigration Department of
the Government, and the law should bo
changed so as to allow it to be taken
there/
■ ♦ »
COAL OPERATORS TO
FIGHT THE RAILWAYS
Will Build a Competitive Line as a
Blow at the Morgan
Combine.
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— At I n.
held In tin.- city to-day the Ami •
Coal Operators' I
Unions pledging the support of all its
members in the speedy builduu
road to connect the railroad lines ilreadv
controller] by the association in Pi
vanla to tidewater at Rondulent, N V
The association li composed of all the in
dependent coal corporations in the I
wanna, Wyoming, Lehigfa iykiu
valleys. These nnmt.er slxty-elgl
nt i ■ ipltal of $11" -
third the total output of anthracite
which, it Is estimated, will amount to
•00 tons this > •
This, it is By the OOal operator*,
means a fight ugalnst the railroad -"ni
blne. which Is eonti
Pterponl Morgan of this city, through the
Reading. Erie and Lehfgh
which roads, the Pennsyh oper
ators say, have put oppressive rati
the coal truffle from the independent
mines.
FRIENDS WANTED.
Small Boy Put Off a Train at
Auburn.
ATBT'RN. WOT. 22.— Alfred Vincent, who
says he is 9 years old, is in Auburn look
ing for some one to claim him. He was
put off here from Monday night's east
bound overland, with nothing to show hi*
Identity but a card oont.nl nln« the words,
"Alfred Vincent, pa.'aenger to Auburn.
Cal." ;
He Is well drcnaM and of avcrasa
brlKhtnes3. but soem.i to know nothing
conctrnlnj; himself. He Is. small for hi*
ORe. if 9 yrars Is correct. Ha has rray
eyes, and wears a dark suit of clothes.
The boy la at the Conroy Hotel.
TOWN OF MAGAZINE
DESTROYED BY TORNADO
FORT SMITH. Ark . Nov. Z? ~A tele
phone message from I'aris, Logan GqsjbV
ty. reports the town of Magaaln*
lbs. i IW and Memphis road,
f Fort Smith.
All error- -,-azine by wire
v failed.
Rooneville. t'^ ir, ,-aalno
suffered a severe storm, houses being
blown down and cattle k;
- ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSfiK HEADACHE
**otttiTt?ly cared by these
JLittlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepda,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet rcxnMly lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness. Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Bmafl Price*
'mj '"■ .4 1.1. .\>rrox« /)u'ci«r»- failing M*O>
4a ~sm or/. BlM«plMuiaaMi, ate. nmml t>/ o»»r
fX ,ri work ami Indue rot too*. They quicklj
\ JftM anti »»r*l* r«.'or« L.«t Viuliti to oil
\ ~"*7 or yoanir. and at • men for stadr. ba*l-
«^ s -^^ > . neaa or pltasara. Prevent In-»aii.i uu 1
Uon*mmpUoa if taken la tin*. Th«ir
DsssbowslmmadiMa improvement and aCsctaCUXB
•mar* all others fail. Insist iioo having thi>««<mtni
Ajicx Tablets. They haw cared thousands and will
car* 70a. We tin a positive written srasxaatee to «f .
fact a care In ewe h can« or rvfand th« money, Pric*
Cfl «f • per packajt", or «U packs«e« trail tr**t-
mU \i\9, tnent) for S3. CO by mail, la plain wrapper.
upon receipt of price. Circa lar»fre«.
AJAX RPMPRV CO.. 79 I>wt>orn
for ami* in 8. F. by L*!pniti at Co . Ms Far-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drue Co.. 8. T.. OaklM.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Iw Steamers I««t* Broad
r»*V^^ wharf. San Francisco:
M2ii.C*>v For Alaskan ports. 1Q a.ra .
*'$*Vo^s>i Nov. ::. :;. . >«c. 2. charge at
I k^W^i *<&1 Seattle. Victoria. Vancouver
I LssmSßW m 1 Vanroaror
KuClmi (ft. C). Port Tnwnwn.l. S#-
r^^^ 1 ■<■**$ attl». Tar. rn.i. Everett. An.i-
cortex a:: I New Whatcom.
-^ nVash.), 10 a. m.. Nov. 12.
27. Dec. J and every fifth
flay thereafter: change at Seattle to th - com-
pany* steamers for Alaska and O. N IV j. : at
Taeoma to N. P. R'y.'. at Vancouver to C. P.
I Rall«
For Eureka (HumboMt Buy). S p. m.. Nor 15.
SO: I»ec.»6. and every fifth <lay thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San 81m«on. Cajru-
<-'••. Port llarfunt iS.»n 1.-i!« Ohlspo). Gavlnta.
Fnnta Uarbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East Fan Pedro »I-o» Angeles) and N#wport. 9
am. Nov. U. ■ Dee. 2. and every fourth Any
, thereafter.
For San Dlejro. »t. r'Plna; only at Port Har-
ford (Kan Luis Obl«po). Santa Barbara. Port
1.. • Ansrelen and Kednndo (Lna Anretes>. It
a. m . Nov. 22. M, 20; Dec 4. and every fourth
1 day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mar !tl<r-i Bay. Fan Jot* del
1 Caho. Maxatlan. Altata. Iji I'ax. Santa !'.••« i-
li-i and Guayrcas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
Th* company reserves the r(s;ht tn chanc*
without previous nntlce, itramm, salllnc dates
and hmtw n. Fnllirt*.
tick 01 » nr. 4 New Miami 11 1
street (Palnce Hotel>.
GOODAL.L. RKTXB A CO . Oen. Arts..
10 Market si . Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Pp*ar-itr*et Wharf at in a. ro
FAPP f l2 First Cl<> « Includlnr Bertk
IHriL $8 Second Clua* and McaU.
COLUMBIA Nov. U »
6TATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bu«t«.
Helena and all points In the Northweat.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. General Ar»nt.
CSn Market street.
CSOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
__— — — — —^— — —— —^—— —— — -^^— .
AMERICAN LINE.
TOW TORS. 30UTBASPT05. LOPD0!l. PABII
Ftorr'ns; at Cherbourr. westbound.
From New York Evenr Wednesday. 19 a. m.
Pt. Paul Nov. tIPt. I^mla D*<r. 1.1
I St- Louts Nor. 22 St. Pnul Dec. 27
. St. Paul Dec. CiNew York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New YorV an 1 Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Friesland Nov. •|Ken*tngton Nn». 21
Southwark Nov. II Noordland Dee •
Westernland ...Nov. niFrlesland D«e. U
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
V) Montgomery it., or any of its agencies
TOYO RISEN KAISRA.
STEAMERS Will. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. I d. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling it
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connectlne at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on ■far
<< sailing.
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. Nor a
AMERICA lIARtJ Thursday Dee it
HONGKONO-MARU ....Tuesday. Janl iJ
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at rMueed rate*. For
freight and pillage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. If. AVERY. General Agent
®NVSIH# S. S. AUrr.»f!a «/»tr«
«Fpifi«l vU Honolulu and
v^miiesj Auckland for Sydney
m »v Wednenlay, Nov. 1»,
Q+f V A at »p. m
nMTilfnSnin'-' Th S. S. Anstra!l»
CAUiIIIJIIII/ ttl j, for jfonoialj
fOJTlFipny*. Wednesday. Dec. 13.
.... . it 1 p. m.
Favortt* Lln# Roand the World, via Hawaii.
Sa. oa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. : $<10 first class,
i. it. bfXcl'KEL&ai UHUS.CU.. Aqts^ -'Hi T|— sn
Pier 7 Poet Pacific SL Fright Cfflcc.32"» Market St.
COSPAOSIE QE!ftRALI TKAHBATtAHTIQCn
UIUECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAIUS. rnn
bailing every Thursday Irtstead of <?)TTT>
Saturday, from November I. ISW. at ' " l -*-
10 a, m. from Pier 42. North River, foot «C
Morton «t LA NOUMANMK. Nov. 1«. LA
OASCOONE. Nov. M: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
W; LA BRETAONE. Dec. 7. Flrst-cla** to
Havre. ISO and upward: S ptr rent reduction on
round trip. Fecond-claM t» Havre. 143. "> per
cent reductlcn m round trlr>. GENERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STATE* AND CANA-
DA. 1? Brnadway Hll .!»-n building). New York".
.1 F. FUOAZI * CO. Paelflc Coast Agents. »
Monffpmerv »ye , San Franrlaco
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tuts.. Wed.. Thors and Sat. at ' ii
I a. m.. J:l5. 8.10 P. m. teic. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m and 1:30: Sundays. 10 JO a. m . I
p m. Landlnc and office. Mlsslnn-street Dock.
•!«t No. I- Telephone Main UCS.
FARE ~~... — MS
910
gAX FRANCISCO call.
0 —
nUSTNTPS OFFIOE of the San Francisco
' Tnll. cv.rnsr of Market and Third irtreeta. open
until 12 o'clock ever?' n'.ftX In the year.
B!lA.vni OTTICBt^-CSi Mcntfi-oroery FtreeX.
comer Clay: rpen until P SO p. m. ;
Stx> Hayr-s strert; open until 9:50 p. m
CI McAllister strt-ot; or*-n ur.tll 9:35 p. m.
HI Ijirkln fctreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
IHI Vlwton ktrret; cpen until 10 p. m.
liCl M;irk»t ttrwt, txirnor Sixteenth; open
ur.tll 9 p. m.
106 E;r\-enth street; open urt!l <• p. m.
IG:* Valencia wtrvt; open until Ip.m.
I^3 Pol* ftrert; open until 9 p. m.
Northwt-M earner of Twi-nty-fecond and Ken-
tucky rtr«*eti»: <T"*n ut.tll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALiroitNlA Lodre No. 1. F. and A. m
M., uiil meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#|_
irvnNINO. Nov. 23. at 7:23 o'clock. Tt/C
Third a«-i,T« % . By order of th<» M.i*i«t. /~ '
1-HANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION fiia^er No. 7». IV A. M.— •
>;..-.-!ai meeting THIS iTHI'USDAYJ __\_
r.YENINVi. T-d o'cl.-ck. Mis*lun Ma- ICyT
►unlr Trn.ih-. WCH M'.rsiou St. Koyul / V
'.rih IVXTV«. Uy oni«r of the 11. I.
.IN<». H. HIUJiVVX. Secretary.
t ni SAN FRANCISCO Lodg* No. *
812, F. aiiJ A. M.. Beets THIS EVEN- J^
].\<;. at 7.3d o'clock. fi>r i^'Ci-nd l*->i_jr
t -n-~. Uy i rd<r of the M«*ter. ' V \
E. C HARE. Secretary.
I-M'KIC Lodge No. 21S. F. and A. M.— ■
Cttllei BWetlag THIS (THURSDAY) __\_
i:Vi:NIN»J. at 7 o'clock tliau-. Third I%J\
l*tr.-. •'•>• older of tfce W. M. /^>
J - H. GOLDSMITH. S*c.
YKHIIA BUENA Lodge No. 15. .<S£*i^
1. O. O. F.— Nomination of of-
11 - :l^.iy H^l^ON.N.G. % -'^^
W. H. BitOTT. llee. Sre.
PACIFIC LodKC No. lli, 1. O. O. F.. V^tfrJ-.
will tnltiiae THKS IiVK.MNG. £j*^S£:
rwveaUxr 23. Wi. Visitors, cor- =3?s^g^"
CimV.y invited. ?W^
F. L. TUliriN. Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASH WORTH. Hec. Sec.
Tin: .s. r. s.-.»tv.sh Thinie oiub . «y >_
r. <-•••* THI.S <THL'RSI.iAY) EVEN- JS, JJ Jl
Ixa.'.FratmtUy Hail, s: orar- >fVxi*
r-.i i-t . at I o'clock. Nominations
«: o:ilr«rs and ">rtiil'-«r."
JOHN ROSS, R/>yal CWef.
GHOKGE W. PATKRSON. Reorder.
ANNUAL Mretlnt— Krirular uuiual meeting of
the stockholders: of tlie Paauhau Sujax r«*n-
li'.U-n Oomrany still be held at the office
Ot the cmspa&y, r27 Market ex.. In the city
*t)d county of Sam Francisco, on SATUR-
DAY, the 2J «lAy cf December, is? 9. at the
hour of 11 o'rliick a. m., fcr the jturpos* of
»I»ct!r.g a . •. «. of directors to eerve ror the
ennuis year and the transaction of such
rther I'Uriness aa may come before •he meet-
i:.g. Trmr.»fer !•■■■ '. » will close on Wednes-
<la>-. November 22. JTSJ. at 3 o'<*lock p. m.
nil. PHELPOX. jWretary.
VHi: California r»*brl» Commlnlon having -»
ceived aj-pl I cations to mine by the hydraulic
j-roc«:sa frrm W. H. Secorr.be In the l.an-
deckrr xslne. near Pla-cervtlle. HI Dorado
Ccur.ty. to dejioeit tailings ln a ravine trlbu-
lai-y tn WebU-r Oreek: frotn Jos. J. HcfTman
nnd T. M. Browne, in the Partroa mine, at
V..i}.. Placer County, to deposit talllngo In
W.lcajio Car.yon. and from G. W. Ooates
aad E. S. Itar.dall. in the PrbWe Hill r'.»<"er
:r.!n«. near Smiths Flat. El I>ora3o County,
lo deposit tuillnc* in Little Chunk Oanyon.
gives no-tlce that a meetinc will be held at ;
r-vta r.5. Flood buHfilnr. Sun Francisco. Cal.. .
>n Twvmhe- 4. TK9>. at 1:2" r. m. I
ATTO sXSCVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth fiior? Ch ron^
icle building; no advance charge*; ail oaves;
estates, murtgapea, damages. collertlons.
bcalcruptcy. wills, etc.. drawn; moderate
J«ks; caXl or write. j
. AI'VJOE free; divorce law a rp-dilty: private;
tio fee without success; collectioas. O. W.
TiOWE. atty at law. SiO Market, cor. ■ «~ktn. I
F. H. MnJIZBACH. att<»rney-at-law. has re-
*"■■■••■' jiructlre at U2 Cal. st.. Clunie bldg.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 953 Market «.. opp. Mason;
consultation free: moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Pprerkels bulldlrg. 927
Market: oonsultatlcin free; no fees In advance.
APVIOE fre*; n<> charge unless succeseful. W.
W. I)AVIP?ON. VT Market n.. ori» Mas^n.
BICYCLE KEPAIKS
anCS. H. n. VARNET. Market and Tenth.
RAiivi.rn AND IDEAi BICTOLES.
nEPAIRINM A SPKCIALTT.
IIOAItl) AND room*.
EDIT. 123— United StateT HoteTT "roonTi"irso I
week up. with board I.'. 60 suite for two with
lo»rd. $12; board. $4 week; meals. 2>o; ele-
vator ru&s all night.
MW fats'.'.y hotel; first -class ln a!l appoint-
tiients; exceJlrst table. SOT California et., oc-
ctiriylnc Cf^rner crr»o«lte Grace Church.
-BELORAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Bun-
:.y suites; beet board; for 2. $41 up; ting*. $10.
I-JkP PALMAR. I*2o Market— Suite of 2 cr 3
rrr.*.: private; bath: tin. rms.; board optional.
OTAFLKELL. 742— Large sunny front rooms;
i ■ ■'. home cocking: also sing<e '■■«::■.": $20 up.
EPECIAL oCer to teachers; new and select. 807
California »t.
ItUAItD AND ROOMS WANTED.
HOME fur boy la private family without smalt
children, r.eur Twer.ty-Klxth and Guerrero,
■mtere riart-nts can have large unfurnished
csrr*t»l room. AdCrert. staUng tern»a. box
234, Call.
ROOM and b^ard ln rwpertahle family, reason-
ably BOOVfJBiCSt to Fourteenth, near Valen-
cia, by lady rtudest: reference; ufe of piano.
Box lU2. Call.
TOUNG lady wishes board ar.d room with all
cnnvenleticeg; clots; to tbe er.traace of Pan-
i:an.ri»-. n x 1177. Pali office.
DOAIIDINU I oil CHILDREN.
WASTED— A chllfl to board; a'.sa to teach If
i*«lre<3; be»t of referenres given. Call or ad-
<ir.*s MRi? A. N. COTTLE. 7«S Sixteenth st .
Oakland, Oal.
WANTED— To b rd. lor ' children. Call or
address MiU5. J. n. P.. tci Minna st.
WIKUV. has a nice home, wanta a email child
< t-. t.'..ir^ gf.M bone; ■■• <~aro. '■ ■■■: st.
DOOKS — NEW A\I)~OLd!
FWT.OOL BOOKS bourht and exchanged'
| H..;r:)»» nr»k r <( ., Tf 4 Mhsion »t.. near ThIM.
HOOTS AMi ISIIOKS. ~
BARGAINS la ehoes'.t Send for | .-ice list.
M>e<Ul-lJcvij' heavy lace nhoes. .1 to 2 . .76c
h|*c»ai-Mens recular i: r)i^n, all styles Si 33
I't-oj.le's Shoo Store. 13C3 Stockton, or. Brdwy.
BOOTB and rboss made to order from lst-cla*s
nat»ria|, $6 to $S; repairing cheap. H. BAL-
NJM:.N. 441 V.uyh yt .. forgierly with McNulty.
BI'tIKKSS HUM IC9.
A— SCTAi; HOTEL, estab'.lshed years, with large
i-airor^re. [dace being kn«..wn as one of the
loading b»-cond-cla«« holers on the coart; ISO
«TK»n.fc. t.urroo:a. office, etc.; furniture and
carpets ru .tt idl new; c.utraj location; a srilt-
MarkJ :iV "' UaeOl ' C * U R ' G ' WILKE KM
• A rl 4 !^' TIIKT 1IK >ta!r C h *« wore of this city: es-
i r -n»jt«. a
eilendid bu»lne.s offer; fullest ■ eatical
nlklte.3: you will find this a f!rst-c!ai« ln-
ly,^^l - <:aJI H - q - "ILKK, tot Market st.
lA-4M*.; SALOON on Fourth st.. close to Mar-
r,','l : ." c rc> " rr -*' fixtures and stock worth
_ SIQOO; a bargain. R. G. WILKC •4 Market
A r J3^Si < f Ol 'T n^ 'P'?* ** d restaurant; clue*
to OfUTorbU and Itattery tts.: rent $40; 2
year* l«-a«w; a good-paying j>lace; beat class
of custom; verj rare dtaon; elcknees only
cause of tale, n. Q, WILKE. 9* MarkeTst
A K«i SALOON; doing a splendid buslnetT
oeat and clean; on water front opp.^te Ml»-
rloa-it. wharf. Call n. G. W»jtn_?y« Market.
A-rtX); CANDT factory ana w cream parlors
en Valencia rt.; established years at.<J doing
• good r^,_f % ', r,""* , rent $16; a splendid
1 ■!■■ •• tifler. CiJl R G. WJ!k». SOC ... ....
H^'O— OlJ> e*tabll«hea takery and coffee par-
lors; la choicest location; doing a »Hen<J!d
bUFinefs; large outcide trade; fulleit inves-
•tlgaticn solicited. Call R. G. WILKK. MM
Uarkrt st.
A— s3oo: HOME bakery and restaurant on Kills I
►t.; cheap rent; epleaaidly paying. Call it
n. WILKE. VA Market n.
A— slooo— SALOON la wholesale district; establ
yrars and doing a good paying business; no
nlcht «>r Sunday work; rent VA, Call R. a
WILKE. KM Market St.
$KO»— CORNER saloon In wholesale district ;
flrst-claea trade. 'ALFA CO.. 08 Market st.
13«.- BEST money-making saloon on water
front: rent 115. ALFA CO.. >3S Market at.
jfI<iZsTATIONERT. ► • -.I supplies, notions-
ertabllrbed 30 years; Western Addition: near
4 echoed*: receipts 1-00 a month: full value in i
Ftock. STENBERG CO.. -%■'. Keamy at.
f JOOO FOR one-half Interest In one of the best-
t>aving business propositions In America.
K ATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.. 827 Market.
FHKP wood, coal yard: fine location, cheap
r r £X; bargain. OQWINQ A CO., »93 Market.
POR $1000 I can put a No. 1 man ln one of
the largest roan-facturtes on the coast. where
J.is pr^tsji-in be t4oco year, box 1». Call.
r"B»— RFSTAURANT: bent money-making place
tn th* city ... C 2 chairs: cheap rent;
c^-ncr leaving for Europe. Apply I*l First st.
raLO'JN for sale: -ft bargain ln town IX aold
at poic «1 Bush M, •-■■ i
lit Sl\i:<*S CHANCES— Continued.
1300— SALOON on principal -:•••.■ furniture In-
cluded. MCLAUGHLIN A CO.. 7774 Market.
J6OC— GROCERY and bar and lodging-house. ,
Mclaughlin & co . t77» 3 Mark.t st.
FRVIT store with horse and wagon, Mc-
LAUQHLIN A CO.. 777H Market et.
fiSO-FRUIT. cigar, stationery and candy store;
dally receipts 120 to $30: bargain. McLALGU- ,
LIN A CO.. 777H Market st. -
WANTED^Bakerj' wit' good store trade; olty
cr country- Address C. MOTZER. Elmhurst
P. 0.. Alameda County. Cal. i
BKANCH bakery, delicacies, notions, cigars,
toLacco. laundry; 4 living rooms. Addr**a
»«-x 1347. Call office.
SALOON— Must sell en account leaving town;
pood bargain ; «6 Third St.. near Townsend;
near 8. V. K. R. station.
FOIt sale, cheap; one.-half Interest lo 2 Al good
j ays:.* luitrhi-r sh'H's. or the whole of either
«.no. AdrfreHs W.. 2iOS Clay st.
PARTNER wonted, with some knowledge of
the carriage i-air.tlng business; some capital
required. \\'M. HENRY. C 25 Mission st.
POLK. 1312— Stalls to let: best location; reason-
able. Inquire Stall 1 and 2.
WANTED— I-ady with $750; partner in hotel
business; full particular*. Box 323. Call.
$150-PELICACIES store; stock worth $1000.
Api ■ GUS. X.6 Ninth St.
DENTIST wants to buy a half Interest or the
whole of * w«»ll-eftE.hl!shed practice, or will
accept position ln a f.ntt-cIaEK office. Address
bo* 1232, Call office.
PARTNER war.ted in a produce business to
drive wagon. ll?t Harrison st.
WANTEIv- Pnrtner In printing business; a
co<%d opportunity. 344 McAllister st.
lICC^-I? ROOMS; el*»rantly furnished: 217 ant
aye.; ea?y payments. Apply ASSOCIATED
RENTING CO.. 422 Parrott building. j
BARGAIN— 2i> years established business; ba-
saar. notion ami stationery store; my atten-
tion required East. ISS2 Polk st.
SHOEMAKER shop: will sell for $20; worth
ir.o. SOl Noe st.. «y>r. Market
CORNER saloon ln business par: of city will be
sold cheap; nlo<> fixtures and goM stock of |
Honors ar..l cigars; full value ln sight and low
rent. Apply to DONNELLY A HRANNAN.
Wholesale Liquor Merchants, SE. cor. Sev-
enth and Mission sts^
BARB! shop fcr sale; snap for right man.
Inqulr* at ISI Third St.. barber s*jop.
FIRPT-OLASS grocery and bar at Invoice; two-
thirds cash: balance on tna. Box 302. Call.
VARIETY store and coffee parlor, with 4 liv-
ing rooms; cheap. 2474 Mls-vlon st.
FIRST-<~LAFS French liquor store; established
S3 years »w, —«, wagon, cellar. «<e. 1401
PowHl ►•
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box 247. Cnll offlre.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL A 00 - 4:2 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office- for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has t-rn established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second aad Ken-
tucky its. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has bees established at 10K Va-
l«T.c!a it
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
t.r» : business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaw-ay. *> Harrison it.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. BO AN A SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 6ETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
butirle*. ..... and horws. 1140 Folsom st
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlsgunted with poor work
send to SPAULDINiTS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Work*. if.3-357 TH >ma St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Pteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth it.; tel. South StO.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. I
43 Stevenson si: tel South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter it.;
tel. Main 3*4. GEO. WALOOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.
STRATTONS. S Eighth St.; tel. Jes»le 544.
j. K. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. n 14th
tt. ; cleaning. Ie per yard tel. Mission 74.
O'NKI.IN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
<;«•• aye: tel Ka«t lit.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTIOA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a honsehold blessing: a sure
cure for ivjlson oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
• Agent. Office and factf-ry. 21 Spear it
CLAIRVOYANTS am) SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
tutted on all affairs of life Wlill* entranced
the reveals every hidden mystery: she will
show you how to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; restore lost affection";
uclte the separated; recovers lost or stolen
prepc-rty: locates minerals: tells your entire
life, while .-.. a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall, send stamp for circular
with special term. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. ,
205 Turk St., near Jones. Home Sun. and eves. |
REMOVED— MRS. J. J. TOIITNEY. UOi MaT i
ket et., cor. Turk; medium, life reader, mcd- ,
ical clairvoyant; sittings dally; dlagnoels free.
"new method" treatment for chronic, private,
obscure diseases; send stamp for circular.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebnaed Spanish
fortune teller, best advice in difficult tniu-
ters. > Hayes tn.. room 7. second floor.
BERSCH— Gives les«ons lr. Napoleon cards; also
secrets from the book of gypsies; prices rea-
sonable; work guaranteed. 14". Fourth st.
MRS. MEYER, 335 McAllister, to-night, future
by spirit power; 10c: dr. Kr'. . Rat. eve; sit d.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nulit. COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 143 Sixth St.. r. 12.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2Sc up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA— Gypsy life reader: satisfac-
tion guaranteed: correct answers; 250. I 7th st.
SIXTH, 10S— Napolenn card reader and sympa-
thy healer; first floor, room L
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. I Fourth st.
DR. EDWATD FISCHER, professional hvpno-
tlst: diseases cured without medicine. 14} 6th.
EDWARD EARLE. I:'-- ' slatewrlter.
830. Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUR future told by card*. 2Cc ■-, Sixth sL,
19 i. m. in fc p. m.
MME. EYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
bands picture. 2Sc; ladles. »14 O'Fanell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. card reader and
palmt»tr> #>c: truth or no pay. 114* Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. :i?H Sixth st.
CHEAPEST and beft ln America— The Weekly
Call, It pag's, sent to any address In the
Un!t*>d States or Canada one year for 81.
pmtare nald.
I INK
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom;
free medical and stirs; treatment: » to II m.
COLLECTION OH Is.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un- I
1— successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~
$10- BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 107 Collins it., near Geary.
CAPP, 1030. near 26th— Sunny cottage of I
rooms; hot and cold water; yard; rent $7.
DENTI6TS.
A— DR. T. S. HIOOINB' <l-ntal parlors. 927
Market «t.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
cr chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
Cental work at reasonable prices; pure cola
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 00c:
lisdlv decayed te.-th carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 (0 up; flesh colored plates from S3 60
Up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evening* and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry—
Eynol, on application to the gums, removes .
the pain; see our flesh (••>!. plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 2s
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- 1
out a plate; fillings, Me; crowns. $3 60; plates,
full set. $.'.; all work painless and warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors, .4 Sixth st. .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., our. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
SIM up; plates, extractions free. $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, •a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 23 O'Farrell st "ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
iui s^ciet method: crowns, $2; bridges $4-
£&£ or flexible plate,. *$: receive/ first
;>rue«. no lents; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VRi m l.ml«, extraction by electric!-
*■,* years; lowest prices; io op-
erators; no students. 997 Market st.
D £i.» I ;V, D . L>I:M ni1. 1." "° Market st.. near
SSSTi T'*""' brld * c work •»«> fllHngs a
specialty, all work reasonable; gaa given.
M s2rl!";rJP* Ut " z * i » < Turk: lat-claas
wynt; prices reas.; km; crows & brld#e work.
THE SAN Fl^ Ay CISCO CALT,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1899.
DENTISTS.
EFT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc. ; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and. Sundays. 860 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors: 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 26c.
LOWEST prices ln 8. F. ; work warranted 10 |
years. N. Y. Dentists. 9«7 Mission, cor. €th.
DItH»S.M*.Ki:i(S AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOW'ELL Dressmaking School fives a thor-
ough, artistic course. 103 Post St. . ■-.'■.,
BriYlS>ii suits made; only $4; high grade work
and perfect fit. 130 Eddy st.
H. K. L>rei*i>miLking. idles? Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring cystem taught. 306 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: a] kind* pleat-
ing. pinking 121 Poet. over O'Connor * Mnffatt.
EDUCATIONAL*
experienced BBsjtlßh teaoher
•rill take private pupils ln the higher English j
branches; particular attention given to ladles
and gentlemen whose education has been I
neglected: also to nervous and backward
pupil*, Ilox 1323. Call office.
HKALD'S Business College, 24 Post »t . S. F. ;
practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, Enerllch
brandies, civil, electrical and mlnlnc engi-
neering, etc; new SO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; lessons personally and by |
mall. -■': Montgomery st. I
AYRES' BuMnen* College. 723 Market it., con- j
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. A>-res;
life scholarship $50. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking • full coui>e
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school. civil. electrical, mining,
BMCh., survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
e»t. IEM. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Markft.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper: most
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools it", Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence. ;
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Pusl- j
ne*ii College. 805 Larkln !>t.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or clans. Barker's Academy. t!7 Mission.
START right and the end Is In light. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. IOOS Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthrnetlo. grammar, writing.
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.tth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
SUM Employ-went Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Butter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 666 Clay st ; phone Davis $21.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main IES6.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
bust help. 414^ O'Farrell it.: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agencjr; all kinds
help. GEO. iMKI, 3' Oeary St.: tel. Grant 36.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12^ Polk St.; open until » p. m.
WANTED— Employment as working housekeep-
er, general housework in small family or sec- :
ond work. Address L. C. Call branch. 300
Hayes tt. I
COMPETENT woman with .child 8 years old j
wishes a position as housekeej«r ln city or ;
short distance ln country; references. Call .
15.30 Fifteenth st.
LADY, well qualified for the work, desires
car* of Invalid, child or adult: at home or .
tiliroad. Address box 1388. Call office.
NEAT Danish glrf wishes to do house work ;
115; reference; little girl of 14 to a*«let also!
In housework. Please call at 33 Juniper st.
YOUNG lady would like situation as lady's
companion or nursery governess. Call or ad-
dress MISS E. W.. 1900 Page st.
OOOD seamstress who makes children's clothes
wants more engagements; DOc a day. Box B, I
Call branch, SOO Hayes st.
LADY ii.!:»!> a position as a working house-
keeper. Please call at 1035 Market, room 17.
GERMAN girl wishes work by day; washing
and housecleanlng. Apply at 336 Polk st.
WANTED— Position as saleslady, assistant
bookkeeper or cashier; also speak German:
experienced and will furnish references; sal-
ary $5: city or oountry. Box 1325. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or to keep house; good, plain
oook; wages $10 to $12 per month. SIC San-
some it., room 17.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes position:
Is economical, guaranteed to suit bo* s and
employes; reference!. L. DAVIS. 4 Vallejo
plaoe.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes a position as ao-
coi.ntar.t. typewriter and Spanish translator;
best of rences given Box 1330. Call office.
YOUNG woman seeks employment to care for
Invalid sick person ■-•r second work. Address
MRS. H.. Call branch office. 715 Larkln «t.
TOUNG Swedish lady would like plain sewing
at home. 425 Bush st. room 1L
WANTED— By a young woman, work by day.
Address E. 11.. 201 Drumm st.
BOOKKEEPING, shorthand, typewriting. Eng-
lish branches. 1729 V& Mission ft., lessons
given in return for Latin, sewing or meals.
COMPETENT woman wishes gentlemen's wash-
lr.g and mending; suits cleaned and repaired.
24 Minna st . rear house.
REFINED young lady with some experience
wishes a position In store; speaks German.
Box 353, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; lie to $1 60 night; $1 M to St
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till I p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lON Va-
lencia Ft. "•» - .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
▲ BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt, ; open until » p. m.
COACHMAN, man about place; understand!
thoroughly care fine horses and carriages;
steady, careful driver: can milk; city and
Oakland references. J. X., box 310. Call orfloe.
RELIABLE boy wishes situation in press, hard,
ware or drugstore; can read and write Ger-
man and English; age 15 years. 1014 Thirtieth
St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants situation as pantry man,
vegetable man or porter In plain hotel, city;
lias had experience. - Address box 1345, Call.
BARKER wants steady place or help evenings,
Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday. K. HAUB,
757 Farrell st.
WOULD like Job watching place of trust; nights
or days; references: security; 10 years last
Place. 11.. 123S Bush St.
UPHOLSTERER desires work in furniture
store; small wages If steady. Box 327. Call.
HANDY boy wishes situation of any kind
around house, inside or out. Box 322, Call.
ENGINEER of long experience on stationary
engines and erecting pump plants wants posi-
tion; first-class references. Address B. 8.,
Engineer, Martinez, Cal.
YOUNG man desires steady office work with a
wholesale or commission firm; willing to go I
on trial for a month at nominal wages. Ad-
dress box 1329. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work round a stable; used
to horses; good groom and barnesi cleaner;
city preferred. Address L. 8.. J23 vallejo st.
WELL recommended expert bookkeeper, with
knowledge of languages. wishes position;
good correspondent. Box 1831, Call office.
DISTRICTS or agencies for novelties or staple
lines wanted by one competent to handle
same. Address box, 441. Call office.
PASTRY cook and confectioner desires per-
manent position; 23 years of ag%- city or
country: first-class references. Box 1134. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest man (Ger-
. man) understanding drugs desires position as
porter In retail or wholesale drug store; Is
willing to start for low wages. Box 181 C, Call.
YOUNG man. 20 years, wishes employment ln
engine room or firing. Box 1318. Call office.
MAN and wife would like situation on ranch;
man as ranch hand, wife as cook. Call or
address H. 11., 474 Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position in
grocery; position more of an object than sal-
ary; first-class references. Address box 1317,
Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
hojse cleaning by the day or other work.
HENRY ANDERSEN. Hotel Plymouth, tit
IJush st. •
EXPERIENCED collector wishes a steady po-
rltlon; will take accounts on commission. Box
1323. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as '-first porter; under-
stands steam heat. Box 1324. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school
boy. GEN V.. 807 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore et.
! CALL ADVERTISEMENTS PAY. |
g| Fallon, Oct. 19th, 1899. l|
I A. M. Speck & Co. , San Francisco. ig
? Gentlemen: If you will kindly furnish 8
6 me with particulars as to title, etc. , on 6
6 property advertised in The Call Tuesday, 6
6i Oct. 17th, 3899, advertised as follows: i|
? $10,500— New flats; very fine; rents j?
I $95. :|
I Also, . ! I
<>; — Three grand new flats; rents Sj
o $80; near Powell and Bush; all rented. t
o I will investigate and make you a cash 8
5 offer for the same. 6
0 I am prepared to make a cash offer on o
'^ any No. 1 investment up to $20,000. %
5 Awaiting a reply to the two above- 6
6 named ads. I remain, respectfully yours, 6
S: E. J. CALLAN. :|||
1 Address Fallon, Marin Co. , Cal. sj
I tjfcs , M . Speck ' & Co. S9S « i?
5 I ES2ABU»HtD IStft. 5
$i . 667 MARKET STREET. Hearst Building | g
0 REAL CLST/TTC Mourn Broker* and Rent CoOtcUrt o
1 EXCII/iKQZS Foa Chmr ** or Prc»arty Taken 0
5 !MSU*"f <r '" VV 1 * loans f^ Al » art Owotn. ;*
p! Gsa!\ pi*n.d£co, (W. } <>
|i Nov. 21st, 1899. ?
'X The San Francisco Call. . $
X Gentlemen: We take pleasure in an- ix
ijnouncing that as a direct result of an $
xi advertisement in your columns of the 17th x
X| of October, 1899, we procured a purchaser x
5 in the person of Mr. E. J. Callan for aX
5 piece of real property in the sum of x
xi $15,000. " $
a> We consider that The Call has much
a value as an advertising medium, both in ix
x procuring direct results and in the J!
5 reaching of a class of readers that are o
9 substantial buyers. Yours respectfully, X
\ <s I
OOOOOOC (XHKMJOOOOOOOoixKKKH) 0000000000000000000000000
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG roan of good address would like to
learn gent's furnishing; salary no object; un-
exceptional references. Address box 1311. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established tt the
northwest corner of Twenty-seoond and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. in.
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103* Va-
l«ncla it.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
OBOROE MATERLJB, German expert optician.
1071 1 4 Market st., San Francisco: exam. free.
i
EXCHANGE.
$3500— FINE new house; 7 rooms and bath:
modern lot; GCxIKO: 10 minutes' walk to local;
want a small ranch In bar counties. WM. P.
TODD, 1070. Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
I LAIS in LET.
ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 MONTGOMERY.
$15—1 HoIIIh; I rooms and bath. *
J-v-1721 McAllister; 7 rooms and bath.
$15—463 Stevenson; 4 rooms.
AN elegant sunny middle comer flat; modern
Improvemt*. 10"0 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
BAY window, 3 sunny rooms, yard, basement.
19 Hampton place, off Folsom, bet. Second
and Third.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLATS. 4 and 6 rooms each; rents $14 and
$14 50. 6 and 8 Dearborn St., off Seventeenth,
near Valencia.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN, 202— A nice clean sunny upper flat
of 5 rooms and bath, with modern improve-
ments.
LOVELY lower flat; 6 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reds 3570 Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
LOWER flat of I rooms at 1310 Larkln it.
Apply 1318 Larkln st.
U6A SIXTH— room*, bath: large yard: front
and rear entrances; rent 112; water free.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417 V& Third.
$10— UPPER floor. 3 large sunny rooms and
bath: 78 Elliott Park, off Steiner. near Geary.
Apply HIL Geary at.
ROOM flat. 30 Hunt st . ofT Third, between
Mission and Howard; reduced $$ 60.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for Si per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sixes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
it., near Broadway: open evening.
$300— 7- ROOM flat and bath: new furniture and
carpet! ; rent $23. 772 Stevenson, off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for S4S 60. with No.
? range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pay!
the highest price for your 2d hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc. highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
HiitKiKits, runs. KTC
ELECTRIC seal capes. As'.rakan yokes. $10 to
$30 ROUT. WALLACE. 11.1 Kearny. top or.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS— LadIes and gents everywhere make
money by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields ln the Philippines; Just the thing for
Xrnaa present. Call or address P. E. LAMAR.
21 First it. Ban Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN to sell the retail drug trade. P.
C. M A . 78 Flood building, after 4 o'clock.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— lnvalid nurse, 820; governess, coun- 1
try. $20; German cook, no wa*b. $35: 2 Scan- I
dinavian cooks, $26 and $30. American fami-
lies; waitress, $30, private family; parlor maid ;
and waitress. $25, see lady at 10 a. m. sec- :
ond work, country, $25: German second girl, I
$20: German nurse and seamstress, $25; second j
work. $20; 7 cooks. German style, $25 to $30;
lroner, $25; a number of girls for housework,
$20 to $25. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter.
HOUSEKEEPER; $15; clrfc MISS CULLEN,
821; Sutter st.
2 BOARDING-HOUSE cooks, $2sl boarding-
house, country, $25, fare paid. MISS CUL-
LEN. 315 Sutter it.
CHAMBER work and sewing. Santa Cruz. $23:
lee lady here 11. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter.
LAUNDRESS. $25; second girl. $30; waitress.
* country. $20. see party here 11 o'clock: •
cooks. $25 each; 6 houseglrls, $25 each. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutler st.
WANTED— GirI for housework;- sleep at
home; vicinity Park Panhandle. Box 1343,
Call office.
GIRL between »♦ and 16; light housework; live
at borne. 200 Eureka it, i
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel. Nevada, $20 and
fare; I waitresses, north, see party here at
11 o'clock; 2 waitresses, south, $20 and fare;
waitress, short distance in country. $20 and
far.<; cook and helper, $50, short distance In
country; cook. Shasta County. $25 and fare,
see party here: second cook, city. $23; cham-
bermaid to wait, short distance In country,
$20; Swedish cook for private family. Modesto.
$30 and fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104
Geary et.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework. Call j
at m McAllister st.
WANTED— A girl about 15 to learn dressmak-
ing; i>ald while learning. 625 Golden Gate.
WANTED— Girt for second work and waiting
_1307 Hyde st.
PROTESTANT girl or ml. idle aged woman to '
assist in housework. CSI Geary It. !
GIRL to assist with light housework; good '
home. 4308 Nineteenth St.. near Castro.
GIRL to assist with children. Apply 2912 Clay
street.
WANTED— First-class eklrt and waist hands.
FRANCES. 756 Putter st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
trig. IS 1 Stanley place, near Harrison.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; good cook; $25. 2346 Jones st.
GIRL to assist In light housework. Call 9 to
12. 1012 Golden Gate are.
GIRL to assist with light housework: wash-
ing given out. 112 Second it., upstairs.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; $15.
1212 Fell at.
WANTED— GirIs; general housework: $23. MRS.
CATTELL. £25 Eighth it.. Oakland. f
LADY wanted with $250, for a traveling com-
pany giving exhibitions. Box 308. Call.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
wagen $20. Point Lobos and Fifteenth ayes.,
Richmond District. : .*• .
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and take
care of child. 755 Eddy st. ,
NEAT German girl to do housework: age 18 to
II; call » to 12; wages $7. 328 Sixth st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week Eastern
Outfitting Co. 1366 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Mi. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call adverlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
6 carpenters, near city, 8 hours' work, S3 day;
wheelwright blacksmith's helper
COMPANY WORK— 6 more laborers, no ex-
perience required _-. $50 to $70
CITY WORK— IO Dick and sßOvel laborers,
HO; 5 drillers, $60; slate roofers, hostlers,
stablemen.
DAIRY HELP RANCH HELP
2 dairy men, run separators $30 and found
Choreman, dairy. Santa Clara $25
Milkers, city and country $30 and $15
Plow teamsters, orchard and ranch hands,
$:6 and found; chore boys; German farmer !
and wife; man and wife for orchard
Woodchoppers tie makers ,
MURRAY & READY. C 34 and 636 Clay St.
STEWARD, country hotel $35 and found
Ironer. Tyle.r machine $30 and found
Second cook, $7 week; cooks, $30 to $50; bell-
boy, etc. MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636
Clay st,
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 Geary it...
Stonemasons, $3 tO a day; also teamsters for
the Coast road, free fare, ship dally; 10 farm-
ers for orchard work. $20 and board.
Head cook, restaurant. $S0; second, cook,
$60; third cook. $40; cook and helper, country
hotel, $40 and $20; steward, ward -room mess.
IT.0; waiter for Nevada, $40; steward,' country
hotel, $30. see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary it.
HEAD butcher for first-class city hotel. $90.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
W A NTED— German vlneyardtst and wife. $30;
farmer. $20; man to do chores on farm, $20,
nice place; neat young mun for Institution. I
$20 and increase; assistant gardener. $25: '
cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 62S Sacramento it.
MAN and wife to take charge of a ranch. $40
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organised union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstair*.'
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, see. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
SOBER man to work about bouse and take
care of horse. 1112 Polk st.
WANTED— A good boy or young man with ref-
erence. Jewelry store. 141 Post st.
TWO good - canvassers wanted for show cards.
9 Geary St.. room 2.
BUBHELMAN wanted. 393 Geary at.
WANTED— RetaiI crockery salesman; give ref-
erence and wages expected.. Itox ISiS, Call.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED, by wholesale house, office^ boy.
typewriter and to make himself generally j
useful. References and particulars to box
1340. Call.
BARBER wanted— KAMMERER; lm-
I-.rt.int business. Call 1205 Market st.
10 PLASTERERS. Goat Island. Apply at Clay-
street wharf, 7:30 and 9:30 a.m.
WANTED— 2 young men; light employment;
will pay $3 to 33 a day. Room SI. 916 Market.
FEEDER on platen press. 109 California st.,
room 21.
; WANTED— Experienced man to work ln lodg-
■ Ing houte. 930 Howard st.
BOOTBLACK, good and steady, wanted at bar-
ber shop. Octavla St.. corner 1' st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply at «©» Larkln
street. ■
WANTED— man at 30 Hannah st . Oak-
land; Berkeley train.
NIGHT dishwasher wanted. Apply at 134 Third
street.
MAN to put up room molding. JONES. 547
Mission st. u-f.l-i
I FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to H BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— man who understands Spanish
and able to bottle soda; must go to country;
reference require.!. Sll Broadway.
1 GOOD coatmakcr to work Inside. M EXERT.
121 Post St., third floor.
| PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-'
—neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop in the
( center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor: must be sold: rent $25. For particulars
call on H. SCHEUNERT. 927 Market .■
JEWELERS— 32S Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
| GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Sc to
60c. Ml Mission St.. bet. Ist and -•! st».
YOUNG barber, some experience, to finish
trade. Box 1311. Call office.
BUCKER and stripper for factory. 3245 Six-
teenth st.
GOOD Industrial man for debit; good contract;
12:30-1:30. W. I! CHAPMAN. 511 Montgomery.
WANTED— Active boy to work In drugstore;
' short hours. Box 320, Call.
f>oo PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission it., bet, lit and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
\ MEN to learn barber trade; only I weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wage*;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. >'.f. Clay st.
i MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
' WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; beat ln city. 406 McAllister
st near Polk.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 2< Steuart st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2Jc night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EUITS to order on Installments at cash price*.
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 K«-arnjr,
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. Me and 25c
per night. Lindell. Bth and Howard: read nn.
TRY Acme House. $67 Market, it., below Sixth.
for a room; 25a a night; $1 a week.
, A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : .open until 9 p. m.
, A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscription* his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
| HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — Sale
HANDSOME team of thoroughbred horses and
rubber-tire buggy: complete outfit. Inquire
between ? and 3 p. m.. 256 O'Farrell st., cor.
Mason. JEROME BABBITT.
'40 HORSES for sale; also wagon. rmeglea.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auction— fa.
1 LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday.
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st.
8. WATKIN9. Auctioneer.
I .
M HEAD fine draft and driving horsea at 1(21
and 1C25 Market st .. between Twelf»h and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
$45— FOR sale— Horse cart and harness. Horse
Clippers, 22 Golden Gate a\»
FOR sale— Fine black carriage team at Golden
Gate Stable*.
A CARLOAD of good work horses, one span
weighing 3600. 17S1 Mission st
FOR sale— Farm wagon, 1 work, mule, 1 single
harness. 3644 Seventeenth st.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— KREDO A C 0.... .. ., ....224 Geary st. I
Money to I>oan at Low Rates.
9 rooms: all rented: rent only $.10 13.V)
9 rooms; best on Third: clears $49 175
14 rooms; good; must sell; make offer
15 rooms; near Geary; clears $75 I I
II rooms; transient: near Market 4.'.0
17 rooms; mostly offices; paying ago !
23 rooms; well furnished; rent $57 CO v."O .
40 rooms; best In city; clears $100 1.400
7- room flat; elegant; $37; KREDO A CO.
$l«H»f>— «0-ROOM house; best location city: near
Market; all rented. BASILE. 3 Eddy it. .
$JtO— 'M house; half block from Market
St.; central; fine furniture. BASILE. 3 Eddy. •
. ,
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
ULK. 3 Eddy St.: new cash buyer dally ■
6-ROOM furnished house; north Market; a
snap. COWING A CO.. 935 Market st. •
HOWARD. 704. cor! Third-Nice home; 33
rcoms: cheap: retiring from business.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let x lend for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery. •
A. M. SPECK A CO M 7 Market st.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
631 Jersey; 5 r.. .$l2 OP 810 McAllister; 7 r $30 00 ■
110 Natoma: 8 r.. IS 0" r.OJ Franklin; I r. 27 SO
1235 Sanchez; 5 r.. 12 501 2616 Market: 6 r.. II 80 1 •
BROADWAY. 1908—4 rooms, bath, laundry; fin* .
marine view; rent $20. ■ j
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; furnished. $35:
unfurnished SIS. 1116 I>eavenworth st.
ONLY $20 — 10 rooms and bath, closets, hot and
cold water, etc.; In excellent order. 82 Te-
hama St.. near Second.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
$35— BAY-WINDOW house, with furniture; 8
' rooms and bath: 2609 Pine st. Apply to K.
ROBINET. room 6. 411 V» California st.
LOST AND FOUND. 1
u _ L ---_- -..-I. .- i. . Tj.r- W -,-_■.-, .ru-L-n -...u.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savlnr-^ '
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the '
name of MAURICE A RKARIxi.N. No. 107-
K2. The finder will please return to bank. ,
STRAYED or stolen from 37 Market et. White
horse attached to red gear and blue body i
wagon. Return to Nucleus Stables, IT Ste-
venson St., and receive reward.
LOST— Louvre. Sunday night. ivory handle '
umbrella marked T. to E. Return to Hlnton '
Printing Co.. 321 Sacramento it.; reward.
LOST— One Iron tube, between Webster st. and
North Beach; liberal reward. OEO. HEK-
MANN CO.. 31* Sacramento it.
LOST— and white greyhound bitch and (
fawn and bitch puppies. Return to J. OSHEA,
Seventeenth and \ ormont sts . receive reward.
FOUND— Oray horse; owner can have same by I
proving property and paying expense*. Ap-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 649 Bryant st.
MEDICAL. j
MRS. DR." WTaVTH. ladles' physician : consul- I
tatlon free; home fur patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat- :
ment at office, $5. 942 Post St.. betwe-n Hyde '
and Larkln: hours. 10 to J. 7 to I.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible car*.
MRS. Da GWYER. 610 Eddy it . bet. Hyde ;
and Larkln. Office hour*— lo to 13, 2to 4 and *
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms; '
belt of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER. I
phona Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate »■■•
DR. POPPER, ladle*' physician for 37 years; j
call on physician with man's knowledge; $5; *
cure sent; private home In confinement. 3U .
Kearny st. ; consultation free; guaranteed. j
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours, 10 ,
a. m. to 6 p. m. ; at residence 228 Van Ness j "
aye.. hours 5 / to 9p. m. guaranteed; $5.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market: ladles' 1
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific method*: cure guaranteed: treatment $&.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar- -
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed |
treatment at office, $5: hours 9a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market I
St.: every cake guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned 1
lfadles' specialist. 1023H Market it.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats ail dls- i
easts oi the human body. US Mason it. J
MINES AND MINIM.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room m. Ita
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; .teL Mala 144.
WANTED— 3 or 4 parties with small caplUt to
Join In a gravel mining enterprise. In which
»nf •■Immense profit; a small Investment
win yield large returns for many years. W.
F. ARAM. Mills bull.lln:
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
1NT...-H 4 * - M-hand machinery. Mc-
LNTObH A WOLPMAN. HS-m Fr-mont st
D t l c« 8 ' l.'^'i 1 ' bar "' m ' rr "■»• showcases, coun-
ten. llp.ul^um. office furniture, .tore and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
_«t? d abo J ve N Smh A ' N '- :0 »- l0l9 -^-l^ M««?on
tZW?™ I*}?*1 *}?*- • howcaaea. shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. I*3 Ml-.YloT«:
A ''" than . cost; uncalled-for suits and
Sggftgg, Tn'Vark.^",: 1 " LyCaV '
Charles Lyons has nothing to 1, with any
?,,m" ""! ln th ' b! ' k h " »•»• being la
full over thg 'tore^jCHARLKS LYONS).
I ' - I or.? a n*7 A lno(ll ' m eighth medium .-hall-nge
i
CLOSING out cf 200 new and M-han.l heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
ANTIQUE brass candelabrum. i;o years old
and chandeliers for sale. 728 ii Howard st. '
E RHARES ln the Sutru raUroad for sale. Box
1341 , i itii .
FO . R fal^r, A . P'P*-<^»!nK ir.A<-hlne. cheap. Ad-
ply at 13354 Stevenson St.. r.^ar Thirteenth.
SAFES— New and second for bun^aT^iTrciurTT
steamers, residences; portable safety uW
specie chests, bullion safe, vaults, etc Thi
Waits Safe Co.. IOJ-Ul Market st . ti, K. Cal
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" anil nil h,,. i
English fire brick, fire clay, brtckdu. /"iV
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.; te|. Main * m H
t HOI
110 cars and all machinery mcd on Eureki
Breakwater. J. ». JAHI.UNE. 220 Fr-mont
E v^? : l, COn -' rt I>h ° nn ' J K™rl'. Price r-,laced to
3100: concert record*. $2 10 BACItiALfPf
,?33 Market st.. San Francisco. LPI>
CREAM of Irish "*""■ ►•'nod; prices reaaon-
aMe. Glenmore Kennels, vm Linden. Cuklan I.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit $10 MMRIT
CI^THING PARLORH. 813 Montgnrqerr ."
A-S3 JO DERBY and F-dora BatsV U l*. « PB»I
nlar Price Hatters 330 Kearny st.. r.r. Pine.
FOR Christmas presents call on IORBtSKS.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Minion!
BOILERS, engines, dr.:. pre*j«s.planerm Uth-s
Iron A wood: id hand. J. HURKE. 13j' !>«!„;
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical stippiies
boilers and engines. H. H. White. Z\t MHslon.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.2!B Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Oolden Oate iv*.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE Hf:R-
MANN PAFF. CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, r>-.unters,shelrtns;.»BO>wcasa« bought »nl
sold. EIREN. 1111 Mission: tel. Jessie HO.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Pecond-hand embroidery maphln*
for country. Apply or address lV>*i Oak st.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; seed postal. CHARLES LEWIS, sal
Union at.
WANTED— To hire Ist) frM-rlaaa scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
BTONK. F ml nrai
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and snM. J. Hilverrn.-i-' ■•« Folscm. nr. nth.
3IONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, ptanos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan a* long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; km us first;
you will be waited upon quietly an.l quickly.
.Call tS-O Don. • bltU.. 1170 Market st.
ANT amount at « per cent; Im. 2d and 3d rowt-
gages. undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else.
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition; any amount; *• per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In prohate. Interest
lr. estates, legacies. life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room M. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
•■ WAN. 1017 to 1*23 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays, try all others, then see me; $S0 to
to 31(0.000; 6 per cent; Ist. M or chattel mort-
traces, estates ln probate, undivided Interests tn
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; adrl<-»
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. «36 M.irkt.
HIGHLY respectable private pl.ice to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry St •— , 841 Market
St.; tel. Main 1*44. Branch 1» Third st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2< Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, dlamunda.
ANY amount by private party nn furniture anj
Piano*: no removal; low rates; confidential
UONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny, room 9. a resp.-i-t.iMe and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dta-
mon«ls. etc.; lowest Jilt**, take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note with-
out Indorser. MORRKLL. M Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Trw
doraer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
(SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1028 Market It.
ALL propositions, small or large: salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
BO TO $00,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. •
any proposition. DRYDKN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK.. '•" McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you nee.!
more money see II MURPHY, tv. Market «t.
musical iNyritt.>iK.vr».
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium ar..| low-prlreii pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stetnway
within three years snd nave full purchase
prlc* allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $<> per month, and some -••••• I
piano* for $3. »4 and S3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Ktelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Eutter sts., San Krancinco;
corner Thirteenth an Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest am! largest hou»*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASES.
2«. IS and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs ami
all c>ih-r musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ICNABE planes: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. » O'Fsrr»ll st.
MOO WILL buy a nice little upright at MAI"-
VAIS'. 7« Market st.
COME and see us If you want bargains; prlcei
low; terms easy. MAUVAId. 753 Market st.
DECKER m SON planes take the lead every-
Where; they are "best of the best." Bold only
a: MAUVAIB'. 7G9 Market st.
ALL makes for a nhort time cnly.
$4 $4. %4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerings, 2 Stelnwavs. 1 Vose * Sons ant
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos: special discounts f • r cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO..\ 13« Ellis st.
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand ptanos on
storage at auction prices; cheap for ish.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
LARGE stock of Haldwln and other standard
pianos; [Tires reduced to Insure prompt sale*
W. C. HAMILTON. 32i Post st.
SQUARE piano for sale. »13 Hampshire st.
FINE Fischer * Stein way upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 101» Van Ness are., nr. Oeary st.
SV. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. age ■ for
Francis Bacon and M. ••• A Davis pianos.
iVANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAU2Y.
IN Post st.
3OOD upright piano, nearly sew- cheap.
HORNUNO. 218 McAllister st.
3ARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. BCHMITZ. 1*
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30$
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither* old and new. iT
MULLER. maker, repairer. * Latham place.
X WEEK'S news for S cent« The Weekly Call.
18 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND ITOIEI LET.
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear;
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
Vjl Valencia st.. under Hotel Denntston cor-
ner Twenty-first; business center of Mission.
STORE, partly fitted up. for barber shop or
any small business. 1104 Valencia st.
?IXTH. 638— Store 3 rooms: large yard; rear en-
tranco; rent $11; water free.
PACIFIC. 224 and 32S— I handsome large itorea
to let; very cheap.
£ ? IM . A "PRECKELS bull. ling. XX Market it—
Light, sunny offices, Sl2 50 to $20 per mooto,I'ALMIMIIV.
HAVE your life read without a question or
.-•:•'.<• at >our own h^me; '•*:»•».■ ::.> :it» by
••■h^r-.e Lo-kin irr)j. MKS. L.
\ I I. -..,,, ",
noor of the FUTunn*
Have you been tatiiCed xrlth your roofs
curing the last rainMr.rm? No. Everj'whrre
it lenks:: What a nuisance are those roofsi"
The Oerman eeaulne Haeusler Wood-Cement
Roof, a fiat roof. Ik the Hoof cf the Future!
It Is pptulvcly proof against rain, storms and
tire. It Ib durable, economical and Inde-
itructlble.
U«>oci:ntnended by the German Government.
It ha* l**n tried and tested in all th- EAiro-
jx-an natf» with unparalleled succ<-fs. nnd '.»
n< xv In-comiag rai>lijl> t>opular in the United
states. Beware of worthless lmitatlr r.s.. For
further particular* write to G. GHAFF. scn-
eral orent nnd representative of the genuine
HAEUSLER WOOH-OESIKNT ROOFS for
San rranciseo atid the surroundln*: counties.
rc> SUteenth rt.. San I'Vantlsco. Cal.
HAG t :,:;.:, wove to order and for hale; also '
chenllle-wove rups silk portieres: dealer la I
carpet twir.e. !ti hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70H Fifth. Oakland.
WANTED— Baby for adoption; write before
c^nCr.ement. which must be In few days or
wetk. Address box 313. Call office.
MANILA FVench laundry: ol«-ac!ng. dyeing;
curtains. X.c up: avoid holiday rush. M 2 Geary.
WEAK eyec, c«l4 Jn the eyes, poor sight, in- I
fl.itned li<s«. etc.. can be cured permanently by i
MHS. i:...\'ES' Celebmtrd Eye Salve. CZS !
Natcma st.
UEDEttCK'B Quintcnloa. the finest of a.l bair
tonlcF. refreshes and renems the ha'.r; lie
bottle. IVed and sold at :2.1 Stockton st.
J.nDEHEi: Is introducing »ome new »:a!r styles.
;u^t Import*)! direct f n tn Paris. 2io; d.i:!s'
hair dressed, too: manicuring. 2>; he use*
Koamo Shampoo. Zc rarkaae. 13 St.vkton st.
SITTINGS fwe for bu»t cabinet photos; no
trhar*:'* unless suited; adult* only. Every
Ti:~.ls\. WMv.*.'.ay and Thursday cf this
month at 46 OTarrell and US Stockton «t«.
FTAMMERINO rorrected: booklet; J. WHITE-
HOItN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 131 a Linden. Oakland.
JOHN L. UOOVK. Patent Trad-mark
Attoraej it t Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws n Specialty.
I*ruTci«c(». Cal. j American nnd Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Elicited.
AItTIKTIC ha!rdre«».lng. 2Sc: shampooing. 2>; '
halr<lr>-«^ir.g and nmnlcurinr taught. Up-to- '•
pate Parlcrs; Ii 16. Market »t.. o\>r Wonder. |
ELEGAir*. remnants for suits. 110 7S; pants, •
S3 7i. cr overct-atf. $12 W; mnde to order: j
uni] !e« ser.t to interior. *>ne Price Tailoring
<•"., :: f U Market *t.. ?t. Nicholas Hotel. I
EUECTBIC Ilcbts In every room: Winchester j
H< tcl. <i Third st,. near Market; l"0 room»; '
2> to $1 JO rer n'.sht ; $1 ?* tn V, p<-r »»-k; j
tnt 'lvii a:il l..icsa?e to and from the ferry, i
LEADING th«HitrlC!il nnd masrjueraile cos- j
turner*; make-up and wigs: country order* *>o- >
Ucitei. OOI.DSSTEIN ft CO . Ts* Market ft.
ELAUGHTEn In unre4eemed j>.!ce«. lewelo'. I
cl' thine. I'ic. for mn-'iint l«.»n^d and Inter- •
•ft CUT RATE LQAX OFFICE. 2 Mason. !
IHBBUTINE CO.; hair «rrow hair*
Of no pay: bo.-k fi>r statrr.. « EdJy st.
A KLEIN buys dt.thinr, brie-a-brnp. tools and
oil grid: »end for him. 10» Sixth st.
ONLY store that bays oil gold.. Jewelry and !
cs.st-«ff clothing i"^LEMAN"P. if* Kearny. j
HTPT rrioe for <-««t-"ff clnthmg »nd brlc-a- i
Lnr. H. HARKS. 2^ Third st.: send postal. I
l^i'lTS to order m easy Installments. L. '
LEMOS. Ill" Market *t.. bet. 7^h and Mh. _
I>R. L. B WOOD: dental work In all branches: '
cnunlnatloa ?ree. 71? Market st.. rms. I A 3 . |
TAINTING ani pat'eihur.ging; rnomi pspered. ;
(. j ; JENSEN i PATH. I"* .^ixth st.
MRP L .1 VTHEELOCK lias remorrt La .Vcritc ' l
parlors »o in Market st. ; phone Folsom 445.
r-ILLIT CLAIRE BERTRAXp. rr.anlcure par-!
lors. CIS K«-arny rt.. frrt flcor. ro^ms 2-3.
A NTI «,»rn and curiosity shop: bo<ks bought, j
• ".".. exchanged r:*. i>ut>< nt st., near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. Bee P. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
Fanr.er.ts; al»n remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF ynu wi«»i tuil value fcr your cast-off doth-
Inc c»U ■ n B COHEN. U7 Third st.
RUPTURE, f-trlcture cured; nn knife; no lnjee-
tlcn: puarsmd. Dr. Gnrdln. M 4 Pine. ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId rold forliianurr. O. NoLteT
je<rrt>r. 24>> fiTarrfll. bet. Powril and Mason
PIIOTOGR.iriIIC SUPPLIES^
FINEST anil fullest rtock: square fleal and j
pmmpt service; country orders our specialty;
r«Til(r> fre<» Cal. «""arnen» On.- n Geary st.
I'KOPJSIITV. WANTED.
WANTTD— To rent, smsll chlck«-n ranch; low
rer.t; Frultvale (f Pledmnnt. B~x 314. Call.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALeT
SOL GETZ ft rnOTHEK.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
— —
New lots, superb locatloaa. lowest prices.
S3 3 to |sn* flimsi 1 Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nlnetemth ivt»., ready to build on. '
tli down. $i 0 monthly.
PTanch Offlc*. •-th are., near H st. Every
day aad Sunday.
1430 to HO— Richmond lots. HI monthly.
575 to t3W^-Ocean Boulevard lota. *." monthly.
$mo to 1210— Mission at. and Ocean View lots,
15 oocttly.
CALL FOn MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
fOL GKTZ A- PROTIinR.
ROOM A. CROCKEn miLrr.--
COFFEY. IIUGIinS & HEItnST. :
Real Estate Ag>cts. 1> M<j:itjrnmery st.
t:S..V-t— i«ay« * jrf>r c«nt: McAllister st . rear
<►» f;t> Hall; t>'if!n« >.» ;>n :<rty: large lot. !
. •• • . lnccm» ran I* increased: must be sold. :
r.-v-llnk. effer; Pr>ar.t-st. comer. near Sec- |
ond; r»nt HO: close to Mail I*.ck anl Hanta F«
I*ock; more rmr«-rty t*lnc sold In this locality
than any other tn the city.
: S3*: Harrlion «t.. near Third:
tw» flats; anmher can t<e made.
COFFEY. HUGHES & HERBRT.
_ » U_MontKiimer]r st.
FOn SALE— Modern residence. l^X* Leaven-
w-irth »t.. l»-i. Pine and California; li*t»<^n ;
Z car lint-*; contains h tunny rooms, bath and '
l.asem»-Tit; all the latest improvements: partly ;
fumlrhed; no reasonable offt-r refuse^; good \
Investment. Inuvlre 10« Leavenwcrth st.
|J4o<>-MODKRN r-room cottage on bltumlnlred !
»treet; lot 25x130; alsi a large 7-room house !
en Pierce »t.. near Hatght; houses built to j
»uit purchaser: »a«y terms. Inquire on prem. '
Ues. F. XCLSOX. builder.
WA FOR new house of • roott.s and lot WxlM. J
In OakJsrd: terms $2')o cash, talane* }• i^r '
rr.rr.th: Xt and house ccit UZV). Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON A CO.. CM Call bualdlng
•!'"►— SNAP— Ooutslde Land block, near th«
beach. Particulars of McEWEN BROS.. US i
."■■ r.U r-.< r> st.
IK you have lota north of Golden GaU Park, ;
we*t of Flr»t aye.. and you wl*h to sell them.
call en W. J. OUNN. 410 Montgomery et.
tvVf-LO'F'rxiro: eatt line 10th aye.. 275 south j
H st. F. EARLEY. '
HOUSE for sale, cheap. SI Bryant St.. be- I
•■ ; Jl Brre
tw«n M»m an 4 Spear.
Ni;W :-f!rj h'>un-s; 7 rooms: Noe and Hill
t-t* . n'H>- '■a*trr 1 -* i. cars: cheap.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — Far Mir
A RARE CHANCE^
IJohannl»rrt-r»r Hjr!r.>.-«. the famous rummer re-
eort and vineyards, Napa <"ounty, ail fur- ,
nished and equipped f,,r^»>uslness; has full
house every s»««f>n and pnys owner over 20
j«r cent on lr.ve«Tm<-::t ; matt be sold at
terms to rult. or rested at once on account of
imtredute departure of owner to Hiirot*.
For i<hntcgr.ii.h» and inrticulars inquire of
A. M. hPE< X & <•<».. VS3 Market st.
. I
A-«l««: II ACRES ievefirra:n~'ana fruit land:
good B-Mom house. \ M rv.; »bout 200 frutt trees
tearing; also Jirwv*. cow Imnlements. etc.;
yotiorr.a r-o. SIIV.'K A CO.; CC7 Market st.
AN lmmcr.l* list fo7 sale and exchange.
11 acr»s: nicely Improved: Income frutt and
r^ltryr^ch; adding suno, Alameda Coun-
■
in to 500 acres: subdlvi.ion snle of bejit lo-
cated and rlch.Kt. highly cultivated valley I
loam: near Napa: «.r.l> »r/! O rr,. : worth $l<»
PICKKU. THE LAND AGENT. <3t Market st! |
A _fjnMM-A SNAP-1W acre*. Calave7as~ro^ : '
tr.lle from R R. Ftatlon; « « rr^, bott -i. land,
well fenced: house and ».»rn; wnod and water
C. F. MOfiRE. KJ Martet ,t . room « *" rr '
:«0 ACRES chojee crchari o- vineyard land-
nmr Ptrnkton. Han Joaquin Co., Cal Addr*»s
a bo* iict.l cwu otaoa.^! '.„ ; A<3arrM
TO rent— '-Hanon Ranch." M acres7l>7ar~Oair
lun.l: 14 fruit. VA Broadway.
A WEEK'S r.ews for S cents The We.yiy Call
!P trw*. In wraptier. f« r mnillriir. fi x-r year
REAL. ESTATE TO nXCIIAXGBL
GOOD rrain and \-ineyard ranch of lt^icreirto
exchsnge for good Income city property- value
$sW>; all particulars at Interview. Address
b x 1307, Call office. j
lIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
t!j*m»-nts and subyrlptlons hns been opened
lit K. Polk s,t. ; open until 9 p. m.
CLAY. 1421. rear Filimcre— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooras; 'aril; water: rear- rent $7
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office. l*o<> Flllmore st.
EDDY. CC4— 2 sunny furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 248, n«-ar Market— One or two sunny
front room*, with regular kitchen,- furnished
for hou«=i-keeping; bath; private family.
HOWARD, li'iCS— Sunny furnl«hed housekeeping
room*; rent reasonable.
JACKSON. 920. nr. Macon— Furnished large
room; prate; or housekeeping; $7 to tS.
JKSSTE. 43S— Newly furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms; reasonable.
LARKIN. S2*>— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
mer.ts; 1:>. to 125 per month: central.
MISSION. 111?— Newly furnished room; house-
k'^ejilnK and othTS.
STOCKTON. «ii. nr. California— Floors of 2 un-
furr.l»hed and 3 large furn. rooms; garden.
THIRTEENTH. ■"?*>. nr. Valencia-Large front
nwm: light housekeeping, if desired; rent IS.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rut>srrlrtlcn* hat been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-seocnd and Ken-
tucky rtreets. Open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*« Va-
l»nc!a st.
ROOMS TO 111 — I urn. and Inform.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlM-ments and subscriptions hits se] opened
at 122J Polk tt. ; open until 9 p. m.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms
stc tn $1 per night; tl IS to »5 per week, and
light hcu>ekeepiiig: open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Hcmellke house; modern rervlre; elevator;
bath: n.oms iCk- to $1 10 d*y. MRS. J. KINO.
A— "EPWORTH"— CIean: resr-^ctnble: tl 25 to
H . ..- week; housekeeping. UVSi Market st.
X— "WALDORF." SO9 Powell— Front suites and
flr.gle rooma, with or without board.
BURNETT. 142G Market (old No. !*s4)— Fur-
nish' rms.. suites, single: al«o unfurnished.
CARROLTON: :2^ Market, ccr. Golden Gate
aye.- Bunny corner; well furn; rms. Si offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. r2'X> Fillmore st.
FELL. U>— Sunny single. }G: 2 double. 1% and
ll.i; n«-w furniture; running water.
FlFTTir^^-Fur.n^hed housekeeping (I). IIS;
.-m^ci Pintle rooms. 15. X and $7.
FOURTH. 2224-Nlcely furnished" sunny ~bay^
window and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
PULTON. 322-2 t'leatant sunny front rooms.
I- and (12 , • r month; use of parlor; gentlemn.
GEARY. s.'*— Sunny suite of rooms: privilege
light hoUM-keeplng; other rooms; b.Uh«;
'
GIRARD Houpe— IS>2 Sevonth-Sunny nishej. I
rooms; day cr we.-k; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. I^T9^3 unfurnished
rooms; bath, pantry; 113.
"*Tv \ND SOUTHERN-Souiheast «or. Sevtnth
ar.d Mission Ms.— Sunny rooms, en suite ?r
single; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217— Elegantly furnished rooms, j
en suite. d.vuMe and tingle.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
roomirg house; '• U tn M -per week.
MCALLISTER. 465—2 sunny, nicely furnlshe.l
rooms; suitable for man and wife or gentle-
man.
HOWARD. 71*— 2W runny rooms; nicely fur-
nUhed: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 82S— Clean, respectable. 25c to Jl per
Mrht; from . . i-< i week to 53. Howard-st oar
to the door.
JONES, 41?— Front sunny newly , furnished
full?, $20; other rooms. $12 and $13; gas. hath.
MCALLISTER. 702H— 3 nice rooms for house-
keeping; also single and suites; bath: gas.
VINNA. C 67. corner Eights— Newly furnished
bay-window roorr.. $1 i>er week: transient. •
NEW Arlington. 1013 Market— Nicely furnished;
3;ic day up; $2 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Funny furnished ■ ms and
offices: elevator: electric tits; day. wk.. mo."
O'FARRELL, S2S— Well-furnished front rooms;
large; suitable doctor or dentist: run. water.
O'FARRELL. 1027— Front and back parlnrs;
front parlrr handsomely furnished; back par-
lor tartly furn.; will :•— to suit: other rnn.
POLK. IM2 — A sunny nlcvve room. $9; a pleas-
ant ro m. 17. .
POWELL, 117. bet. Geary and Post— Nicely
furnished rooms; gentlemen only.
ROSEDALE^ J2l~EllisT~nr. Taylor loo rooms;
V< a niicht: tl a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 12« Bills Incandescent
light, readlr.c-room. smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rrn>ms. per nlcht. 3Sc to '• M; week. $:
»• $S; month. t% to ISO: elevator on office floor;
rocms with hot. cold water; baths. .
EHERMAN Ar-artraent House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH. Ml— Nicely furnished room suitable
for lady: private family; $S.
FTEINER. 213. near Halght— Pleasant room;
cheap.
BUTTER. 7''s-Orfice of late Dr. Robertson; als>
ether sunny, handsome rooms.
TENTH. 123, near Market— Small, light room;
mnnlrg nater; M per month.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for cood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TUTtK. 7* — Comfrrtsbly furnished sunny rms.;
t»«iin»Mf; also light housekeeping rooais.
TURK. 127— Nice sunny rooms from I.". 16 and
$>; nimi for men and wives. $c@slo per mo.
VAN NESS aye . 4f>2— Nicely furnished sunny ;
room with or without board: reasonable. 1
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
»üb*crlptlons has been established at the
north we«t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till I p. m.
A BRANCH effiee for Call advertisements *od
subscriptions has been established at 10V# Va- I
ler.cta st
ROOM* WASTED.
WANTED— 2 housekeeping -ms within short 1
distance of O'Farrell and Powell sts. Box
ir.4«. Call.
SEWIXG .MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
tl MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Plxth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kln^s bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- '
pnlrtr.c »t lnre«t r»t»s. ?<!S Fourth st
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADI ES-^Ch lchestePT E ngiliih' Pennyroyal Pills
are the t>*-st ; safe, reliable: take no other:
»enl 4<" stamps for particulars. "Relief for
I-Adl*-*, " in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists Chlche*ter Cheml<-a! Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
OOOD letters are effective; letters skillfully
c^mjv»sM; Ftyllshly executed: type or pen
written: m^rterate fees; no publicity. 6 O'Far-
rell st., room 17.
ROOMS papered from II whitened. II up: !
painting dnn». Hartman Paint Co.. 315 Third.
BAD tenants, ej. ctf-d for $4: collections made:
c!tr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«T. Mri'c merv «t.. rooms f-lft; tel. 5r.2Q.
STOIIAGK AM) \\ iRKHOI MA
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay S.
PIERCE-RODOLPH .Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
WATCH HKI'AIHIM,
WATCHES clean?) Toe; guaranteed l"yearT
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. MO Kearny'.
■^^■^^"■^■^^
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 9* (fifty cents
p*r share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY, will be payable at the office of
the comnar.y. 327 Market St.. on and after
FRIDAY. December 1. ISS9. Transfer books
will close on SATURDAY. November 23. ISM.
at 12 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AUMEIiA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
rounds; rrlvate MRS. IT. FUNKE. 14K >th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
UEIIKELEY REAL ESTATE.
S ELEGANT <»-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.; Just completed: porcelain '•
bath; finished In natural wood; all modern
conveniences; sunny frontage; terms If de- i
»lr»d. M. L. WURTS. 17th A B'way. Oakland.
COOT cottnges with modern Improvements; In
•bailments same as rent, from l< St upward.
BENNETT. 2113 Stanford pi.. Berkeley sta'n.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents.The Weekly Call.
li paces, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
IHE SAN FttANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
■
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE. 7
A-110 CASH. $« monthly till paid; chicken run
SOx2J6 feet: rrlce. all told. $190; level land;
sandy loam. 3 to 7 feet deep; no adobe: plenty
of £.. -xi water; site and climate superb; no
cold winds or fogs here; build your home or
we will build for you; «top paring rent: near
electric cars and 90- foot- wide boulevard; not
far from a fine school: Westall tract, adjoin-
ing Hast Oakland; call or send for circulars.
•S'j Seventh st.. near cor. Urnadway. Oakland;
tarrlage free. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner
i ELEGANT houses in course of construction
en «TJ St.. bet. Grove and West. I completed;
all modern Improvements; street work, side-
walks done: f-iiall payment down; balance
monthly If desired: house* open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPS Sl5 !Oth st.
J77s— itVS be pold: a 4-room cottatre, with
basement: tood yard: healthy location: con-
venient to cars; rented for IT per month. Ad-
dreys boi 1013. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FIKMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from 11. Shellhaas. th«
furniture dealer, lltlt and Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL AD\ i:itTl»t:>ii:>TS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.— In the
matter of Occidental licet Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon Its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution. — Notice No. 421
Notice Is hereby iriven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and ■tins under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing Its office and place of business In he city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
<Jlef^. to the Sui>erior Court of the city and
county of San Francixco. State of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December (2nd. UM. at 10 o'clock
a. m.. at the courtroom of tald court, De-
pnnment Number Two, in the City Ball of
the City and County of Ran Francisco, have
bven apfolnted as the day. time and place for
the hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto »et my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this I"th day cf November, U»9.
[Seal) WM. A DEANE, Clerk.
By JOSEPH Hl' 'HI 'AN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Ftl'fd November 10. 1533. WM.
A DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Mnrriaße lleenfen have been Issued as follows:
I.««a<- L. Moore and Emma L. Spring 49-3^
Patrick .1 SI . ih.in and Lena Lang 13-22
Ole NUsen and Martha Pearson 24-24
Genrg- 1.,. IValey and IV.n.-i E. Hewes 23-I'J
John Dwyer and Emma Lawless ...32-26
Fremont C. Hordner and Hetene Krui«e...'.3?-2S
George .-nthnl and Amelia Mayer 41-2S
Lezin Artoux and Jeanne Loudon 19-1»
William Alexander and Grace Ma«'kentle..4!-!*>
George S. Hell and Annie A. Phillips 24-S4
Harris F. Patrick and Maude E. Smiley 27-12
James V. Hatcher and Mattie P. Wnlthall. !.">-&.•
Arthur Galloway and Honora M. Walsh .. . .27-23
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Ftlrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the name published.
BORN.
MALONEY— In this city. November 22. 1899, to
the wife of J. P. Maloney, a 800.
OTT In this city, November 4. ISW. to the
wife of William Ott. a son.
REILLY— I: Sunnypide, November 21. ISW. to
the wife of J. J. Retlly. a dauchter.
RHODA— In Frultvale. November 22. ISS9, to
the wife of the Her. Franklin Rhoda. a eon.
SMITH— In this city. Nf>vemt«er 22. I»'.'». to the
wife of Frank C. Smith, a daughter.
STAFF-In this city. November 15. ISW, to the
wife of Fritz Staff, a son.
MARRIED.
BORDNER— KRUSE— In this city. November
22 Is*l>. by the Rev. J. O. Mangold. Fremont
C. Bordner and Helent Krure.
HAYWARD— VAN DEVEER-Ia this city.
November 16. IS'* 1 , by the Uev. Mr. Hutsln-
r>i!lar. F. F. Hayward and Emily Van Deveer,
both of San Francli»co.
MAGEE— WILLIAMS— In this city. November
21. l--^. by the Rev. Dr. John A. f». Wllgon.
John F. MaK»f and Lizzie William.*, both of
Fan Francisco.
DIED.
Ames, Mary A. Kopp. Catherine
liadger. Cnpt. T. W. I^arson. Delia
IloFijue. Herbert Madden, John
Ci'nnor. Mary A. Mergenthal Franclsca
Drlscoll. Mrs, Cap- M.ilarJ. Lucy A. *
tain D. O. Murphy. Thomas W.
HaUlnan. Mary E. Newmark, Selma
Harrison. Rlrhard Paries. John
Henneeey, Alice F. Savage, Delia
Holferty. Frank Steffens. Frieda A.
Iloormann. Hermann Stevenson, James C.
Hynes. Michael Swan. Edward S.
Johnson. Lucretla Williams. Jean M.
AMES— In this city. November 22. ISS9. at the
residence of her uncle, T. W. Mrennan. 1222
Loguna street. Mary A.. beloved and eldest
daughter of- the late Captain Henry W. and ,
Eliza C. Amu
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BADOBB In East Oakland. November 21. rSW, 1
' 'a; tain Thomas W. Badger, husband of Jen-
nie A. Badger, a native of Marionville, Va..
aged 72 years.
ZT Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral this dai
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. corner Ninth and Seventh
av-nue. Baal Oakland. Interment private.
BOSQUE— In this city, November 21. UM, Her-
bert, beloved son of Cayetano and Mercedes
Boaqna, and brother of Robert. Arthur, Xi ■-
nest and the late Virginia Bocque, a native
of Ban Francisco, aged <> years i months and
2 days.
CONNOR— la Oakland. November 21. 1599. Mary '
A. Connor, dearly beloved sister of John and
Jam's Coyne, and mother of Mr». N. Har.l-
fin. a native of Freshford. County Kilkenny. |
Ireland, aged 74 years S months and 13 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances ore resp«»ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. ISO 4 Fan Pablo avenue, thence to i
Sacred Heart Church, where services will
be held for the reriose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment St. Mar}''* Ceme-
tery.
DRI3COLL— In this city. November 19. 1599,
Mrs. Captain D. O. Drlscoll. mother of Victor
H.. Willie and Edith Drlscoll.
HALLINAN— In this city. November 21. I**V
Mary Ellen, wife of the late Thomas Hal-
linan. another of John, Thomas. Maun and
the late Timothy HHll.rmn. Mrs. George Mc-
I^iren and Mrs. Nathan Hewnon, and sinter
of Michael • •Sullivan, a native of Ireland,
aged CO year".
(^Friends and acquaintances are renpect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at *:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 107 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
ma*s will be celebrated for the repose of her
■•■ul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment i
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
HARRISON— In the City and County Hospital.
November 22. 1*99. Richard Harrison, a na-
tive of England, aged C 5 years.
HENNESEY— In this city, November 22, 1599,
Alice F.. l>eloved daughter of Patrick D. and
Lizzie Henneney. a native of San Francisco,
aged * months and & days.
HOLFERTY— In this city. November 21. 1899.
Frank Holferty, a native of Londonderry.
Ireland, aged 46 years.
fT" Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the
funeral sartors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOORMANN— In this city. November 21. 1899.
Hermann, beloved husb«ind of Kline Her-
mann, a native of Meppen, Hanover. Ger-
many. ag*-d 79 years 10 months and IS days.
HYNES— In this city. November 22. 1&59, Mich-
ael By sea, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, November 22, 1539.
Lucretla Johnson, beloved mother of C. C.
Johnson, and mother-in-law of Mrs. Yolo
B. Johnson, a native of Baltimore. Md.. aged
C. years . months and 20 days.
KOPP— In this city. November 22. i«9P. Cath-
erine X ipp, beloved mother of Mrs. Annie
KlnkenEtedt. Mrs. Emma Smith and Mrs.
IJzzle ■tell, a native of Germany, aged
77 y*-ax« and 1 month.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metaler. 63« Washington street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LAItSEN— In thin city. November 22, 1899. Delia
Lamen. a native of California, aired 39 years.
MADDEN— thin city. November 11. 1899.
John, beloved husband of Ellen Madden, and
father of John C , William J. and Catherine
J. Madden, Mrs .1 Hartmanshenn and Mrs.
R. A. Mclaughlin, a native of Ireland, aged
C 3 years Sad 3 months.
£7 Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. MM Cnpp street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'B Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
1 «•■ of his soul, commencing at .9 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MERGENTHAL— In this" city, November 22
1599. Franctsca Mergenthal. dearly beloved
wife of the late Henry Mergenthal, and be-
loved mother of Mrs Herrmann Wrede and
A'lgust Wrede. a native of Herstelle. Ger-
many, aged 74 years 4 months and 9 days A
member of the Chrlstllche Mutter Vereln. •
jr7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
11l NRV J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & GalU?he->.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMETIB.
20 Fifth St., opposite LlncDln dcaool,
Telephone South 80.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her son-in-law, Herrmann Wrede, 121S Pacific
street, between Leavenworth and . Jones.
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:*o o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MILLARD— In tola city. November 22. 1«99.
Lucy A., beloved wife of Benjamin F. Mil-
lord, and daughter of the late Mrs. F. Goetz,
a native of California, aged 24 years 6 months
and 22 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 34 Cedar avenue, off Larkln street,
between Gear}' ur "l Post. Interment Tlasonlo
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In Nome. Alaska. October 22. 1N».
Thomas W., dearly beloved husband of May
Murphy, father of Alfred Murphy, eldest son
of Matthew and Kate Murphy, and loving
brother of Mrs T. Walsh and Mamie, Joseph
and the late Edward and Hobble and Mat-
thew Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years 1 month and IS days.
E7The funeral will take place ' this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from Mission Do-
lores Church.
NEWMARK— In this city. November a, 1899.
Selma. beloved wife of Abraham Newmark of
San Francisco, and daughter of Mr and Mrs.
H. Goodman of Oakland, a native of Cali-
fornia, aired 31 years.
C /"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, IWA Eddy street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland, by 2 o'clock
creek boat.
PARIES— In the City and County Hospital.
November K. IS9>. John Paries, a native of
France, aced 42 years.
SAVAGE— In this city. November 2J. 1990.
Delia, beloved daughter if John and Ellen
Savare. and sister of Mary. Michael. John.
Arthur. Willie. Ella arid Benlta Savaice. a
nctlve of Montague. Mich., aged 16 years 7
months and 11 days.
BTEFFENB in tMs city. November 21. 1899. |
Frieda A., dearly beloved daughter of Herr- 1
nian and Katlierlne Stiffens, and sister of i
Adolph. George. Katie H.. Ida M.. Rosle H..
Herrman D. and Elsie M. Steffens and Mrs.
1; E Ptadtegper, a native of San Francisco,
ased 1« years and 4 months. (Newark. N. J..
pupers p'easo copy.)
Darling Frieda, you have gone before us.
Through the golden gates ajar.
There to wmt for us to Join you
In 1..-- future, near or far.
MAMMA
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at ? o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 2711 Sutler street, between Lyon
street and Central avenue. thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Stelner 1
rtreets, where a requiem mass will be cele- 1
brated for the rer>oße of her soul, commenc- i
ing at 930 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
STEVENSON— In this city, November 22, UN, ;
James Cowan Stevenson, beloved husband of ;
Mrs Man Stevenson, father of John B.
James C. and Jesule Stevenson. Mrs. E. B. ,
Hamilton. Mrs. Marguerite D. Lorlmer and
Mrs Mary Sacehorn, and brother of A M
Stevengrn. n native of Scotland, aced 58
years and 7 months.
SWAN— In thin city. November 22. 1599. Ed- 1
ward 6. Swan, a nattve of Massachusetts, :
aged 64 years.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at- '
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Friday),
at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 704 Stock-
ton street.
WILLIAMS— In this city, November 2: 1533.
Jean Magner Williams, beloved and only i
child of Samuel H. and I^ah Magner Wil- 1
liams, a native of Baa Francisco, aged 3 ,
months »nd S days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Robert R. Hind. ]
lot on E line of Gough street, 55 S of Green, S
29 by E 100: 110.
Charles Colmnn. Palsy Colman and Belle
Abrams to Abraham Colman. lot on s line of t
Eddy ("treet, 162:6 E of Buchanan. E 25 by 8 |
137:6; 110.
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker to W. W. Van
Arxdale, lot on N line of Page street, 75 E of
FUlmore. E f>:2>, by N M 0; 1100.
William W. and Nellie C. Van Ard«<lale to j
Daniel Brown, lot en N line of Page street, W
E of Flllmore, N 100 by E 25:24; 10000.
Robert D. and Annie O. Fry to J. Dalzell
Brown, lit on N line of Pacific street. «*:9 W of
Stelner. W £S:9 by N 127:S> 4 : $10.
American Bank and Trust Company of San
Francisco to Martha A. Barrere, lot on W line I
of Scott street. 67:6 W of Grove, Hi by W
110; 13000.
A. H. and Hattle N. Sonnemann (by James
R Smith attorney) to Hugh McNab. lot on E
line of Baker street, 96 S of Greenwich, S 24 by
E &4: JlO.
Margaret Glblln to Martha L Wilder. lot on
W line of Central avenue (Lott). 122:9 N of
Grove. NW K2:3. SW «3:9. SE 43, SE 10S:7S.
NE SO:S» 4 . quitclaim deed: $10.
Frank R. and Mary A Bailey to James Wat
kins, lot on H line of Geary street, 61:8 E of .
Flr^t avenue E 29:2 by S 100; |10.
German Savings and 1. an Society to Robert
Tobln lot 6. block 4, Marlon Tract (hospital
lot); $10.
Caro C. Hill to Daniel O'Day, lot on E line of
First avenue, 100 S of Point Lobos avenue. S 50
by E 320; HO.
John Center to Comley H. Randall, lot on W
line of Howard street. f* S of Nineteenth. S 31
by W 122:8. quitclaim deed: $1
Susan and Walter F. Hayward. Nellie and
John E. Perry or Parry to same, same; 12500.
Louln and Rose Llpman to Edward O'Day, lot
on W line of Jeeate street (San Carlos avenue),
110 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by '.v 75; 110.
E. J. and Mnrgitret G. Creely to James Creely 1
Sr.. lot on W line of Florida street, 110 S of 1
Twenty-first, B 25 by W 100; f 10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Eva
Shane, lot on W line of Bryant street, 140 S of
Twenty-fifth. - 47 :« by W 100: $3600.
John H. Webster to Alois Oettl. lot on S line
of Twenty-fourth street. SO W of Castro, W 25
by B 114: $10.
Henry Mac Donald to Loretta Mac Donald. lot
on N line of California street, 75 E of Larkln,
E 25 by N 70:10. quitclaim deed. $1.
Loretta Mac Donald to American Improvement
Company, lot on N line of California street. 75
E of I.arkln. B -' by N 70:10; also lot on E line
of Alabama street, 210 Sof Twenty-first, - 25
by E 100; $10.
Alameda County.
Fernande Hutehlnson and Mary A Harrison j
(by J. W. Harrison, attorney) to Thomas Mo
ran. all interest In lots 1"4 and 105. block E. and
lots 56 nnd 57, block F. Vicente 1-- tmlta Reser
vation Tract. Oakland; 110.
Thomas Moran and Mary A. Harrison «by i
Mini' attorney) to Fernande Hutehlnson. all in- •
terest In lots 102 and 103, block X, same, Oak
land; $10.
Fernande Hutchtnson and Thomas Moran to
Mary A. Harrison, all Interest In lots II and 59, j
block F. same, Oakland; $10.
Marie Louise Blllecass to A. E. M. Pren- ■
vellle, lot on S line of Twelfth street. 112 \V
Of Alice, \V 37:6 by S 100, being lot 12 and W
12:6 of lot 13. block 162, Oakland: 110.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Charles E.
Williamson, lot on N line of Harmon street. 400
E of Calais, E 10 by X 135, subject to a mort
gage. Berkeley; 110.
Sophie and L. W. Schroeder to Mary L. Cra
mer (wife of H. A), lntu « and 9, block 6, Map
of Fltchburg Homestead lots, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township: $1.
Wlllard F. and Margaret Floyd to McCarthy
Company (corporation) lots l<. 10 and 11. subdi
vision C, Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township: si"
Charles Bnhb to W. B. Reed, lot S. block 7*.
lands adjacent to Enctnal, quitclaim deed. Ala- |
meda; 15.
Joseph Drachler to F. N. Henrtch. lot 60. Map
of Locksley square, Oakland: $30.
Tlllte Campbell to 11. L. Holcomb, the SW
S6 feet lot 5, block K. Linda Vista Terrace.
Oakland; $10.
W. H. Knight, admlnstratnr estate of Aquilla
Rankln et al. (by E. A. Heron, commissioner)
to Hlb<-rnla Savin** and Loan Society, lot on
NE line of East Fifteenth street, formely Mad
ison. 74 SE of Seventeenth avenue, formerly
Broadway. SE 75 by NE 140, being lots 4. 6
and 6. block 28. Ban Antonio; also lot on S cor
ner of Eant Fifteenth street and Seventeenth
avenue. 6E 100 by SW 140. being lots 21 to 24. I
block 19. name. East Oakland $5342.
Bernard and Katy Goldsmith to Flora H.
and Robert J. Young, lot on E line of I^.rina
street, U>o N of Ashby avenue, N SO by E 110.
being a portion of lot 21. block I). Adeline
Tract. Berkeley: also lot on N line of Anhby
avenue, 120 E of Hlllegass street, E M by N
103. bring the E 40 feet of lots I and 9 block
A. Olai-mont Tract, Berkeley (subject to mort
gage); $10.
ElUatx-th E. Williams to Alameda Havings
Bank, lot on N line of Central avenue, -;• E
of High street, E ." oby N 125:6, being' lot 17.
Haw-ley Tract, Alameda: $320.
Builders' Contracts.
Meyer & Morris Lando (owners) with C. L '
Williams (contractor)— Agreement correcting I
mistake In bulMtng contract of November 4
tUt as to Land' p. being owners, etc. (see first
contract In abstract No. MM, November 6 1599);
$2250 '-• v t*» * - -\i ..
Wlester & Co. (owners) with Welsmann &
Whittle (contractors), architects Havens &
Can'entor work, hardware., glatlng.
varnishing, etc.. of shelving, Ballery and office
on first floor of a five-story and basement brick
building on SW corner of Second and Steven
son streets. 3 25 by W^S; $1150.
Golden West Hive.
Oolrten "West Hive. Ladles of the Mac
raises, gave Its Initial entertainment and
dance last night to the friends of mem
bers in California Hall, and it was a suc
cess In every way. There wero many
present to be entertained with the pro
gramma arranged by Lady Constant.
Lady Bayford, Lady Tralnor. Lady
Schlink. Lady Loose and Lady Rlnner.
The Francis Mandolin Club lave popular
■elections: Florence Kelly of Sacramento
favored with a reading; J. Warren Keane
exhibition of legerdemain; Edwin P. Kelly
amused with Imitations; Baby Dody the I
youngest performer on the stage, sang
coon songs and gave rakewalk steps-
Cecille yon Sleberlich sang a ballad and
Lillian F. and Frank Smith gave an ex
hibition of the manual of arms and bayo
net exerslse. and the lady displayed her i
skill with the parlor rifle. The pro
gramme was followed by dancing and the I
serving of refreshments.
FLOOD DESTROYS
INDIAN VILLAGE
Also Proved a Boon to
Many Farmers.
BpeclfU Pt»i>atch to The Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 22.— The Lummi Indian
village at the mouth of the Nooksack
River In Whatcom County has been near
ly swept away by a tremendous flood that
has poured down the river for three days.
Over half of the village is tfur.e an d the
destruction of church anu other build
ings is Inevitable. The Indlant> has
nearly all their property and are mov
ing the few effects they have left to
higher ground. Their winter's supply of
smoked salmon and Jerked beef is •
ly gone. Three years uto there w> re
ninety-five cabins and houses In the vil
lage, hut every year has dimmish. -d the
number. Last year six went Into 'he
rlvt-r at once, the occupants barely •
ing with their lives. This year will mike
the ancient village a thing of the past.
A number of houses were swept into t he-
Sound by the rushing water* and are
drifting out to sea.
The freshet will benefit the -Vooksack
Valley because It Is cutting a new chan
nel around an Immense log Jam over a
mile long that han totally blocked navi
gation in the river since ISSM and In
the cause of periodical overflows of the
finest farming land In Whan '.m '"ounty
and the ioss of thousands of dollars. The
IJelllnghiim Bay Uoom Company is uc
cused of being responsibl'- for the pn --
ence of the Jam, as that company some
years ago drove a double row .if piles
across the mouth of the river for !>.•• m-
Ing purpii«>< and the piles gave the Jam
its first start
Ltticatlon has been started and carried
Into hiKher courti without relief to the
stiflVrii.K farmers. The County Attorney
is now .indi-r Instructions to Investigate
the question with a view to reopenlns 'he
litigation. Petitions and protests have
'■nt ti. th»- Congressional repn
atlv<>s and Legislature, but no r«-li-*f Has
secured until this flood came.
FLOODS IN TEXAS.
DBNIOON, Tex.. Nov. 22- This Fectlon
is in the early stages of a serious flood.
Thousands of acres of valuable farming
lands are under water. Families an
ing from th.- b.,tt"m lands. The Washeta,
the largest river in the Indian Territory.
Is at the Dirtiest «tag«- ever known. The
town ol Paula Valley, on the Santa Fe. In
the Territory, is reported by telepfa
under water. No trains are <-r"is«in»f the
(■ It. nlway bridge near Gainesville.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASry.NGTON. KOV, 22- Dr. J. W.
Trueworthy of Los Angeles Is at the N r
mandle; K.iward J. Tol.ln of San Fran
cisco is at the Bhoreham.
Game Laws Tested.
BAN RAFAEL, Nov. 22.-The ca?=e of W.
A. Marshal, charged with violating the
same laws by using a "pump Kirn." came
up to-day in the Justices' t- "iirt and was
continued until next week. The pump
gun clause is : • > • unconstitu
tional—a speclea ..f class legislation, in
fact- and if the defendant Is convicted
be win take an appeal to thi B
(""iirt. On account of th^ many Intrinsic
absurdities in the n- w game laws ■' Mi
ri!i (.'ounty, Attornej Boyd, who !s <-"rn
monly thmmht t" be th'ir author, a
the statement that the proposed laws
drafted by him were rejected, and that
he had nuthinp to do with the present or
dlnan
Pearls of Little Value.
NKW FORK. Nov. 22.— An informal nr>
praisement <if th»* Imitation i>»-arls seised
fr.'tn Francois i R. L,
a passenger on the French llr>
ta«n<-. wliifh arrived last Sunday, was
made to-day by the api>r ••■ end
of the i.-.iris wn> taken hapbasard frum
a bos ontalning about 60.000 and weighed.
The result of the examination t\x>-<\ the
value of all the pearls s-^'iZ'-d at about
Teachers' Institute.
WOODLAND, Not. B.— For the 1
ers 1 Institute to b<- held December
and 2I» the followtllg leeturen and in
■tructora have been engaged: Hun. T. J.
Kirk. Sui>--rinten<l.-nt of Public In
ti"ii; Professor F.lm. r E. Brown, Univer
sity of California; Professi r Frederick L.
Rurk. principal Normal B
Francisco; Professor (i 1' J-ik:' I
ford (Jnlversity, and Mrs. H. V. Winter
burn.
Docks Wrecked.
I.AYTC'NVir.I.K. N"\\ B.— Advices
frum ITsal report that the \'>n\ Redw 1
Lumber Company's and the Michigan
Trust Company's dock and chute w*-r»
badly wrecked by yesterday'! tidal wave
at (JsaL A lark'>- portion ">f th« wiiarf was
carried away and the dock machlnerj
damapi d. At Osal the entire wharf is a
t'.tal umh N ''odles have b«.-en re<
yet.
Uruguayan Legation Re-established.
Special Cable to The ''.ill and th.- We*
Herald ■ i right, UM, >>y James (lordon
Bennett.
BUENOS ATREB, Nov. 22. -Th*» \Wr
■id'a correspondent In Montevideo, l*ru
is'iay. MDdfl VOrd that the -
proved th.- bill providing f"r re-establlsh
lnK tl» ( -' L'rußuayan L'gatiun In Washing-
tun.
Ordinances Invalid.
WOODLAND, Nov. EL— Deputy District
Attorney Itruton has rendered an opinion
to the ♦•ffei't that a numb<r of rniinty or
dinances which wen ; --■
and which have since been enforced .'ir-
invaiiil because some >>f them srere n ■ » t
■Isned by th- v chairman of the H'>.ml .if
Sup«'rvis"rs a!i<l there Is; DO evidence that
others weri »v< r published.
Eight Years for Cole.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 22.-E J. Cole,
who was convicted of forgery at his trial
last week, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Hart to serve eight years at the State
prison at Folsom. Cole went into a sr.oo
store In this city and bought a pair of
shoes, offering In payment a check pur
porting to be signed by S. B. Smith, but
which was a forgery.
Died of Alcoholism.
GILROY. Nov. 22.— James Sheehan. it
laborer 43 years old. was found dead this
morning at his home in this city. De
ceased had been on a protracted spree for
a week, and at the Coroner's inquest this
evening the Jury decided that death was
caused by exposure and excessive use of
alcoholic stimulants. He leaves a widow
and three small children.
Yankton Bank Suspends.
MINNK.MMLIri. N.»v. EL— ▲ special
from Yankton. P. D.. to th<» Journ.ll -iv
that the Yankton Savings Hank clc>st<l its
il'H.rs» at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Th>"
defalcation of Treasurer Peterson, who
wns kiiow-n to bf> a heavy depositor, tm«-
clpitatwl a run wlilch has been In prog
ress a day and a half.
To Benefit the Valley.
FRESN'O. Nov. 22.— A cml has been
lIMMd by the business and professional
men of the city for a meeting on Thurs
day evening to consider ways and means
to establish here headquarters .if the San
Joaquin Valley Commercial Association.
King Jury Out.
PAN JOfK.'Nov. 22. -The Jury In the
case of Abraham King, capitalist and ex
bankor. on trial for alleged totgmry of a
voucher In the Stephen Hobson tsta
which he was a guardian, had n<it agreed
at 10 o'clock to-night. It Is believed they
will fall to bring in a venlh 1.
Wrecked a Building
SAN JOBS, -N-iv. B.— A locomotive of
th. BoQtbern I'aHflr read ran off the I
trnck at the North First stre.-t (Togging '
this afternoon and ran Into the huildiriK
of the Western Granite .md Marhu- Com
pany. No one was hurt, but much dam
agp'wag done.
Child Burned to Death.
SANTA CRI'Z. Nov. '22 .— A few day*
agn the three-year-old child of Mr. and '
Mrs. Campbell fell Into the fireplace at
their home In Boulder f'roek and was
burned to death. The mother, who is
blind, was powerless to save the child.
PRESS REVEALED
LAWYER'S PLANS
Protest From Molineux's
Counsel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 22— The dramatic
feature in connection with the trial of
Roland B. Molineux on the charge of hav
ing caused the dt?ath by poison of Mrs.
Katherine B. Adams occurred immediate
ly after the noonday recess to-day, when
Barlow S. Weeks, counsel for the prison
er, emphatically protested against the
publication of a story to the effect that
the plea of the defense would be Insanity.
Recorder <;<.ft commented upon the com
plaint of the attorney for the defense at
considerable length, in conclusion saying
that Mr. Weeks might present to the
court at his convenience any information
concerning this matter that the defense
might see fit to produce. He asserted that
the court would consider the subject and
make a disposition of it In acordance with
the merits of the case. District Attorney
Osborne concurred with Mr. Weeks and
pleaded his hearty co-operation.
The newspapers which offended by out
lining the plea which it was claimed the
defense would make contained statements
tending to -how that a number of rela
tives of Roland B. Molineux had suffered
from various forms of insanity.
Not a Juror was selected to-day, though
more than fifty talesmen were interrogat
ed. Five seats in the Jury box still remain
unoccupied, though over 2T.0 candidates in
all have been examined. Of the talesmen
examined to-day twelve escaped because
they were opposed to circumstantial evi
dence, three did not believe in capital pun
ishment, four lacked general intelligence,
seven had formed opinions of the case,
and six were challenged without staled
reason.
HANDWRITING EXPERT
A MINUS QUANTITY
CAMPBELL SAYS ONE DOES NOT
EXIST ON THIS EARTH.
A new complication regarding the value
of testimony of and evidence produced by
handwriting experts developed yesterday
In the trial of the suit brought .>y John .
Fastene against F. Pardlnl, as adminis- ;
trator of the estate of Lulgi Pardinl, de
ceased, to recover $2500 on a- promissory ]
note alleged to have been executed June
1. ■•- it Is alleged by the defense that
the note is a forgery and Theodore Kyt- !
ka. handwriting expert, was called to '
substantiate this claim. In order to save
time defendant's attorney. W. J. McOee.
called upon Joseph Campbell, plaintiff's
attorney. to admit that Mr. Kytka wan
a recognized expert and was in fact an
expert. Mr. Campbell said that he would
admit that Mr. Kytka Would give testi
mony regarding his studies of handwrlt
ing that would qualify him to give evi
dence in the case, but he woula not admit
that Mr. Kytks was an expert and •
would deny that there was a man living
capable of drawing a correct conclusion
of the manner In which a signature was
made unless he saw the operation. Th.- '
examination of the witness then proceed- j
cd. Mr. Kytka said that L. Pardini's J
signature on the note was a rank for
gery: that it had first been traced from '
a genuine Flgnature with a n^dle and ]
then Inked over, but the guide lines made
with th<> needle were not closely followed
and plainly show. Kvtk.i also said that !
the pen had been lifted from the paper !
during the process of inking no less than I
twenty-two times, while Pardlnl never !
lifted his pen while making his signature
more th m twelve times and seldom
ofter.er than eight.
Plaintiff counsel says that three wit
••-■-•- will be produced who saw Par
din! sign the note and by this will es
tablish thi> contention that a handwrit
ing expert does not exist.
Naval Retirements.
WASHINGTON, Nov. IMJ—r-aptnin1 M J— r- a ptnin John
Schouler was placed on the retired list
to-day with th»- rank of r^nr admiral
Director O. A. Lyoni and l'r I
W. narkness will be r. -:r.-.l in •'•.■
the provisions of th
sonnel act.
Boy Drowned.
FORT BRAOO, Nor. 22-Charley Spl
lers. better known as "Tuffy." a brlpht
little ' ra old, f--!l off tho wharf
here to-day and was drowned *..-f. ir«
crowda "f 1 pi*-, who wm- unable I
d»*r him ai 1 r.ce.
A Giant Mushroom.
COL.UBA, Nov. 22- a mnshrooni I
• • • nty-elpht Inches
in <-i: a - found b
■•; Mrs. L. C ' ' • ri(j. It
Is probably the largest miisl 1
found In thi B
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B 8 Calder Nome [ J Gerrans, Cal
A J Larsen. I>-dl HI Bonksin Jr & w Cal
J 1. eb, Williams I. Logan. Manila
J Wilkinson. Cal J Hammerschlag N V
C N Marders. Colusa W 1' Frick. Cal
H E Adams. Stockton Mrs Pears. New York
I»r E J Hennessey. Cal C E Stegman, Pa
\V T Foster. Chicago R A Ban Pa
H L Howe, Ind W A Murphy, Term
E Rhine, Cal M Bayles, Term
S Boyd. Madison W Caruthers. Term
J M Boyd. Madison W Stuart. Cal
E N Stuart. Seattle |T Blackmore. Term
J C Priet, I Utford A May & w. Cal
J a Ppeer. Colo Sprgs IF a Kllburn. Cal
R Allen. New York J A M.>on. Teni
A O Nason, San Diego 1 T P Pugh, 8 Rafael
M Schml.lt. Cal I 'r Osborn A w. Cal
J A ' # h:ice, San Jose jK G Reap, Cal
Mrs Bldile, Ban Jose T 1: Bond. Lakeport
W A Caswi Bad IE Hcheuner. Sebastopol
J II Daugherty. ( ':il C E Trevathan. N V
C E Drummond, Or N C Brannan. Cal
T II Buckingham. Cal \V D Campbell. Term
X A McNally, Chicago M C Campbell. I>nn
Mm Whiten. Bacta a H Barrel, Merced
.1 M Robinson. I'klah C Harris. Merced
Mlfb Robinson. Tklah C C Smith tie w Cal
Mlsm Allen. Uklah JII .an. USA
Miss L Corlls. Stktn i S X Beatly. Ind
Miss E Corlls. Stockton F Houle. Chicago
J Luther, Ban J se I W I. Stoddard, : { Bluff
I. Harris, Cal . I-_
PALACE HOTEL.
S D Rosenbaum. Cal X Ratter, Cleveland
T X Laurtan. 1 Lake C Desmond. Los Ana*
C W Hewson. X Scotia !H Sternberr. N V
Mrs C W Hewson. N S II A Junker, Monterey
Miss Hewson. N ScotllA "man. Vallejo
Miss Pipes N Scotia L Barrow. N V
T Dunlap. N Be tla Mrs L Barrow. N T
Mrs T Dunlap. X Scot IE H Lyons. N V
C Darullcr. Joist City Q Multer. Chgo
8 W Zenner. NY II II Eastman. Term
C A Hlckok. Chit ■ Mrs II H Eastman. Tn
T T Latchell. Denver R R Wins Ud A
\v Malone. U 8 A O B Jenkln*. Term
P Tralger. N I \V Cooker. Term
c C lister. Stanford 18 M Williams. Term
R F Bailey. N V Mr- F Mclaughlin. Cal
<; w Curry. N V Mi«« McLaughlln. cal
A R ■ tleman Martinez N Malnne. Cal
F C Lush Chgo ; F J Coulllsun Chgo
S D Farrell. Seattle ill A Heame. London
1' R Ruben. Fresno .1 A Woolner. Tacoma
J S Woodworth. Seat tl' ll II Maxson. R.no
Mrs .1 s Woodworth. i\V B True S Jose
Seattle jll Mohler. N J
Miss N O'Nell. NY C E Norman, Ariz
McKee Rankln, M I Mm C E Norman Ariz
P Lougpre. NY G B Wlnclster. Lubevk
R 1: Rom Los An* Mr Droste. Fein
<} P Whltcomb. St Pan Mrs Droste. Felrsteln
Mrs W Adams. Mexico B Hr-'l. Cal
Mrs L Blumaur. Illnd
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Rose. Sacramento ,S tV Farley, Term
R Cadogan. Chicago L X Plumey, Term
J Barton, Clipper Gap G Vroman. Folsom
W H Barrett. N V iW Summer. Merced
S M Ooble. Hartley IT Gler, Term
B Onslow, Bakersfleld Ii Lutman. Term
W J.Evans. Stockton W li Dtnnon. Term
Miss Porter. S Simeon J II Stone. Term .
II Garner. Term J Lelter. Term
M Spoakman. Term W P Taylor, Term
I M Burke. Term *
RAILROAD TRAVEL. " !
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. I '
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry. ' ;
Week Days— 9:3o a. m. and l:4i p. m
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m >
Steam-heated, closed ca. on all trains
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return, i I
n 40. ;;■„.
■ I i
SDr.Gibbon's Dispensary, |!
!il:;l?! il : ; l?, l:ABNY '* T - KstAbllsbed
jr^ §m ■; 1»34 for tbe treatment of Private I
I)Ioe«ise», Lost MatibiMKL Debility oj
<sHiSslaßi disease wearing on bodyandmlnt id I
bkln Dl»ea^'lhed<Ktorcu?esM
JIHB others fall. Try him. Charges low I
'^•■sJBSBSBssI Cnretgnaranleed, Callnrtrrlr* l
Or. J. *'. UIBBO9T. Bom 1097^0 JtyS? I I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
iiino ru'li'lt-ro.'IP.IMY.
Inciriu ivirrH.)
Train* ■•>■*«<- SMSSi itrt* •>••«■ *• i»rrl»e at
MI.N I 11« >« Ist o.
(Main Li:*. Foot of Market Street.)
uati — From N>.vckuui 15. 1339. — a Birrs
•?<«•« B.«icia. "uliiin and Sacramento.... *7il3r
•-!•«» v MarjiTille. Oroiillo tU Woodland,
El-btra. Vac\rlll.j and tton;»*y . . . . •'. »3r
•• "" v Shvti i:.;.'<i-Ihii\ Willow*
Ke.l EluffT lVrtlacd .. *7:«r
•7i3o* Martinez. -in I: .:■.::. V.ii;.'j<>. Napa.
CalUtcwk sod Hanta Itnca ••ilOr
•»i3o* Th«O»erl»tulU i Irp-l-Oeden. Osn-
f«t. I- n.fci. •.'.Mca; - . '.ill."!*
••ia*» 8»u Jose. l.Urru r.\ .Stockton,
love. S'acrariKuto. Placrttilaj
Miirri'ill". CMco. lied UltitT •I I-
•H::n»\ •Milrmi.i >*»:•!••.:■' Hou«4 # ljlsr
•»:«»«» lUtmi.j, Niiisbud WayhUtior.s.*Mil~t«
•uiUua Atlantic i:ttfji-)p,.-.u,i i:».t •»:!.>•
•lliooi Miutluez. Tracy. I.i'i.r. v. bUxktuo.
Mercedacd I'resuo. •13i13f
•I»i«»«a PcrtCoit*. It •«!. •. M. Jan acd It*
Au<eli-» -a-.ir.r
•io : oo.\ V.ii:- i .. MartLiezand \V jy • m»i.)h« *Oil3r
•1 I:«O\ lla^ ir.'.t, Nllrs ao<l Wiy Statloui. ■< t.,
•I.- •».»« NUca. IJtert»i>re. Stockton. Maera-
tn cVi. I 'nlota. Uaafi>r<l. VlsaUa.
I'crttnlUe . •lii.ir
f ItOOr Sacramento IM»er Htmntrtg.. ♦«»o«tr
*.1:OUr Haywarb Nllts aid Way Hta'.tncs. *3i i. r
•I .... Martinez, hau lUm V.llrjii,
Napa. Catlitot;*. mi.!i Hi m •OilS*
•liOOkII nicl.i. VMatlile. hacrauiento.
U0.,.11ri,.1. KnliiliU I^ntlitig.
HaryiiTllle, r>Miillf> mo l.1»
•4iS<»r Nile*. Han .lmioainlHt<ieiton *7:13f
•3iOOpTli« Owl Limited— Tracy, rrrsno.
lUienfieltl. Natigus fcr H*dta lUr-
» bars. 1.. ■ Ami'- ••»: I3i
•3:.-tOr Htuckton. Merced. I r ■•.:•> 'l*\.,
*7>-:.U*v If ■•!.•», ItakenlieM. Hant.t lUitmra,
!.• s ADgrlr*. Drmirg. 11l I'ir.i.
;.'.<r Url- ■i>.u:..| 1..-' 'Ml,
•3i3«rH*i ta I •• l:...it— At ...a. : Kirtrts
for Mi>J»»« siil EMI T.:|.l,
•O:liilpll,iuijr.l.i,.M;ii»il.-n .I — *7i(.)«
< •::»•! \'i»T:»-j-» >IStlS|
•iii:ji»i* Orieutal Mill— Orlenandßaat . *■«■•■
17:O»f Vallijo. lVrt I'unta SI 1 Way Hta.
tlinia. ;t»i."M»
•»i»ir Oiegt'ii sad I'ili.' r -.!* i.ij .- «-. ■•->.-
i .i.u. i.t... Mirjui; 1 -. I:. ■''....
r.ntliiti.l. I'ng^t S..MI .1 an it .-■ '<n«
( OAM" lUVInIO^I (Narron Vasaje).
(FootttM»rktt?J»ci.t.) __^
r >il Ha Mswsis.Onlsiitlls.llsn \vm*. Wiliwi.
ll..ulJit «'r rk^»iitaCrui iit.'l 1 */
Huti'.fia *3i3*i
t3i 1 3r Newark CeoUrTllle. Han Jrse. Hrw
Alnaden, Kcltco. Itoulder Crrek,
Ba,nU Craz and I*riucipal Way
SUttous •IO:.1«>4
•l:|.lr Newark. H«a Jose. 1.. «<.*'.. 1 •»ia«* 4
tll<l3r Hunters' Rxcunion. .■**;. Jus* itotl
\V. t ys*atiti. '.'>—t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrMssm f.lir.C^'.j_f-8i if Maria !lrnl(ga»l)—
•716 ».0O 11W*.». :::: •;;; ij:ja
•1:: 1!:CJ 't.Zlr.v.
f«l«fßfMi««7.— -B.CO 8:00 lOOOis).
11;:: «I:S3 tS:C3 -3:: ;»:: -3 ::r *.
COAST DIVISION tßros<l(.4M. .
(Thlnl and ICTiUfi.IM.)
t«ilOA Ocean View. Hoath Han Vnncuro.. taiS«r
*7iUUa Hail Joie ami Way Ktatiniis • N'rxr
Alu . Imi Wedtiendajsouly) . •Ii 8»»
•9iUO* Nan Jose. Tira liuot. Hanta Cruz,
Par Urine. I'asi Itnblrs. Han
I.uls 01.1.i... - Iff, Lotapoc ami
I'rti.cli*! V. «y M.i'l, ..« •IllOf
•loilo* Jonaau.l Way MUtlnna Htlll
•I li:n>» Matt Jose au.l Way Ntatlous *3i3Ot
tailor h«n llatro. Kedwood. Msolo Park.
I'alu Alto, Santa Clara, Han Juf«.
Tres Plr.o. tauta Citix. Salinas,
Monterey and I'acifla CJroTe f 10:159*
I:i:Siir."»n.l.iii».,l Way Htatlous *7:8»»
fl:l»rSanJntoaadrrincipal Way.Sutlnus "< 13*
t.->M»orSii.Jr>«..» t:i 1 Prloetyel Way>utiooa «»:••»
*.1:3 Or Ban Jo*n ao.t Principal Way Stations ••«:a.l»
•«:a»ra»-..' and W»yBtatlfMjs 0o 4
6ll:l.'»r San Josaan.l Way Htatlons •":;*•»
A for Morning. I* fur ArUn-.onn
* Dally. t buuday eieer>te<i. t Bunday only.,
b Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
• RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
T*S r iv*SSE°S[ < tf c . R t r Si 1 ?-»»
!i .', lOt 8:1 ° £• "*■ Tnur*lays--Extrs. trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at lat
and 15: J.i l. m.
■V-^pATB-aoo. t:». 1100 a. m.: 130. I JO.
1:00. «:*< d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX rRAJ.'CI3CO.
WEEK DATS— . 7:10. 9:», 11:10 a. a. : H-4S,
t:4O. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trios at
I " and C.3C p. m.
BUNDAYS-«:10. t:<% 11.10 a. m.; l:*0. l:«. Ifla,
«:K o. m.
Between Pan Francisco and Bchu«tr»a Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrtr*
Son Francisco. In Effect Bon Francisco.
October 14.
"Week Bun- Ms, Sua- W«li
Dajrs. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 am » 40 ara
i:Z-i pm 9:30 am IVtaluma. (:0S pm.19:23 an
i »:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Hoi. 7.36 poi t:X2 pa
Fulton.
fJOam Windsor, 10:23 aa
Ilealdsbura*.
Lytton.
Oej-servllle,
JOB pm l*»«m Cloverdale. 7:23 pm • n pea
1:50 am Hopland and
1:00 am Vkiah. 7:33 pm 423 pa
f :90 am 10:S ta
1:00 am Guernertlle. 7:33 pin
1:30 pm < tl pai
f :30 am S:ooam Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 aa
•and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. i■<-:i ■<-: pm t:J2 pa
1-.3 1 am 8:00 am Pfbast«<>ol. 10:40 am'lP:2S ara
3:30 pm 6:CO pm ' 7:33 pm! 9:22 pta
' Stages connect at Baal Rova for Mark West
Bprlnr* and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Sprtnirs: at <Jeyservii;« far Siaa-cs
Spiinfrs: at Cloverdale for the Oeyaers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring*. HlKhUnd Springs.
Kelseyrille. Carlsbad Sprlntrs. 50. 1.t. Hay. Laiß*-
port and B«rtl«tt Springs : at L'klah for Viohr
Springs. Saratoga Birlng». Bias Lakes. Laurel
l>ell LaX«. Witter Springs, t'pper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
TJucknell's. Banh^lrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*«
Hot Sprinrs. Mendoclno Clry. Fort Bra«?.
Westport. Usal. Wlllttts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlnn * Bell's Springs. Harris. Ots«&'s. Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureha.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
■Beyond San Rafael at half rates.
1 Ticket Offices, «.» Market St. Chronic!- bid*.
m. C. WHITINO. R. X RTAV.
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fattest train, runnrng- over the beet ran*
road, with the highest class accommodation*.
Connecting train leaves Pan Francisco at
S:CO p. m.
MONDAY. WKDIfISDAT. FRIDAY. SATURDAY.
Arriving In Chicago at 2:13 I m.
rSIOAT, IUIfDAT. TUESDAY. WEDME3DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
, Upholstered Tourist Cars l»ave Oakland Mat*
for Denver. Kansas City, Chiracs and th» East
i 1:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
< Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalla,
Tulare and Bakersfield. furnishes good local
train service. ___^
San Francisco office. CS Market St.. telspboas
Main IStI
< Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 2 ! J street.
Ban Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via aVaoaaUsa Ferry.
Commencing October I. 1C».
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AM' SAN RAFAKL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:00. t:2}. ll.co a. in.: 1-13.
•3MO. 5:13. 6-CW. «:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill ''alley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday*. Wednes«]»-s and Saturday*,
at »:(V) an.! 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:CO. "WrOO. •:: JO a. m. : 'I:!!.
1:15. *t:O. « 30. »:M p. m.
I Trains marked (*) run to Baa Quentla.
I FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN KILANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:I3. U.JZ. 7:43. •»:4) a. m.;
I "11:30. 2:15. «l:40, *5:13 p m.
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ao4
> Saturdays st C:4O and 10:13 p. m.
SUNDATB— «:». •«:«). •10:00. 11:43 a. m.:
•1:40 # 2:13. 4:43. »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked r*l start from San Quenttn.
! FROM MILL v vi :.' V TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-0:«. 6:C. 7:K. 9:li a. m.|
U:33. 2:23. 3:43. I :•• p. m
EXTRA KIT.- on Mondays. Wedneidays ao4
' Saturdays Ht 7: 11 " 1 and 10:20 p. m
BUNDAYS-B:C6. 10:06 a. m.; 12:C3. 2:15. 3:3Q,
1:00. C:43 p. m
THROUGH TRAIN 9.
1:00 a. m. week dars— Cazaderoand way st i- ..
1:40 p. m. Faturday*— Toinale» and r-ay stations,
i 1:00 a. m. t>a;.-~ »— Tuosjlea is 4 Vsl tuiuaa.
1112
SCANDAL OVER BLOUSES
FOR NATIONAL GUARD
Coy, Cage Apprised of Adjutant
General's Raw Work.
Seamans Failed in an Effort to Force Ma
jor Joseph G, Giesting to Sign an
Award of Contract to Petti
bone & Co., Cincinnati.
THE Legislature la*t winter The
pria.t.Ml $T.0.n.» to clothe the Nation
al <.uard In military fashion. I** 1 *
Governor In <lv« time appointed a
board to bu.v the clothing. The
lioard con.«!in» of Major GenenU John
H. Dickinson. Colonel C. D. Cmler j
and Major Joseph Giestlng. Adjutant
General $«amanw. the gorgeous spectacle
«.f the oraiiße tu*lt, fancied until last
Tnwiday that he had something to do \
with tho award of contracts for clothing, ]
l>ut at the termination of a stormy In- J
tervicw with Major Glee-ting ho ran off j
and told the Governor that the Adjutant j
• . • . -..: - cfSce hud been slighted and
■subbed.
The CaJl ascertains that the contract
for trousers has been awarfi<sl to Pvttl-
Imne & Co. of Cincinnati. Tho Ohio ftrm
v. ill get from STi'jO to Jl'XOOu on this con
iruct. It appears now that General Dick
ins. -:i desires that tho contract for blouses
»hall be awarded to I'ettiboiie. but Colonel :
I'utler and Major Gle»ilug oppose his j
jilans In this ropect. A proposition to al- ;
low California dealers to supply s') per
cent of tho LlouieH encountered the op- i
j>ot>tt!oa of General Dlckinsou.
The exact tliuo thut Adjutant General j
.-•.-.•:.. ir.v entered the uniform arena can- |
not be ; ;.; .i :■ ;. but wht n he A' 1 enter he j
was full panoplied in the causa of Petti- j
bone of Cincinnati. Jits put on his lofty, i
haughty and imperious manner with the ,
rest of his uniform ard enteiins Majv)r !
Glcstlr.g s ofllce oozaraanded that the ■
major t-houltl Flgn the lVttibono contract. '
Major Gic*tlng \va« not In the happiest '<
frame of mind anyway when Seaiiuns |
<Jawn<-d t>n Ills horizon. It is conjectured !
that he wa.M muslj.g to himself mat the'
« ars of Seamar.s were u>o long, that the 1
DOM of SSeamar.s was nnt on straight, and *
t!iat the uniform «>f Siamans should bo ,
oa some one worthy to represent Cali- •
iomia in the Adjutant General's of nee.
No matter what else Glr-stir.g was think- i
ing about he was not thinking lhat Sea
mans wus "any good." Therefore when ,
Soamans abruptly «i. man-led that Giesting i
should nlkh Uie Petiibone contract the
major rhvo a snort of righteous wrath
btm exclaimed:
"What In hades have you got to do with i
It. anyway? You are not a member of the '
Uniform Jioard."
i^amans for repjy paJted himself on the
br'.-ist thrre times, GleFtlng watching in- i
tently to se«* if his adversary was padded '
below the head. When the adjutant gen- '
cral taw that the major was fully ap- '
prised of his prerenc* he exclaimed:
"I am not a member of th« Uniform
Board, sir. but I am adjutant general of
the State of California."
Major Giestlng did not waste many i
word* in giving expression to his personal !
estimate of the adjutant general. He
closed the Interview by threatening to j
tell Governor Gage the true inwardness of i
the Dlck!n?on-St«nans scheme to give
Pettibone the contract for blouws.
Subsequently Colonel Cutler and Major
Giestlng saw Governor Gaere but dirt not
p<t an opportunity to reveal all the facts. I
In great alarm General Dickinson and Ad- I
Jutar.t General Shamans hastened to sor '
the Governor and ill! him up with their
version of the a.ffnlr. llcr<> the matter
rests. Cutler and Glestlnjr have not
fclpned the contra-ct for Pettibone to sup
pi v the blouses.
Major Glestinir mi fcch at his home on •
Plr.c street lo>t evening. Blouse con
tracts had evidently disturbed his re?t. for
he was nnt In rtn amiable humor, and at
the mrntlun of Seaniana' name flew into a
race.
"I was requested by Seamar.s to sign
DEATH TAKES THE IDOL
OF ALL GOOD LIVERS
C. C. STUCKY OF THE PALACE MEETS AN UNTIMELY END
CHARLES STI CM . oq« of the best known and host liked of the at
tache* of tho lalare Hcvl. died yesterday at the \V;ild«-k Sanitarium
aft.r ten dnys. of .xcrurtaiinK RufferiiiK from blood poisoning. Ills
I"*'1 "*' vm dlrr-rtly due to a eli K ht scratch on the hand which ho re
oelved two vivvfkß apo while in the performance of his duties. The
wound though Plight at nrst. rapidly m> w mo ro painful until the second
dajr, wht»n h^ was forced to consult his physician. It was evident then that
blood polwoning had set in. and everything was done to check its course, but
without avail.
A* steward of tho gentlemen's prill at the Palace Btueky had in his seven
years' service Pf-eri to the wants and creature comforts of the princes and
potentates. th« big and little dignitaries and bon vivants of even' continent
and clime. He was well educated and polished and extremely well liked by
employers and employed and by the hundreds of guests the Palace houses.
Uy those of San Francisco who are fond of well living Stucky s death will
be considered sadly: his magnetism and many high qualities placed him on
a plane of warm friendship with those with whom his duties brought him
In almost doily contact, and by them his early taking oft will be mourned not
only as an accomplished caterer but as an «tteemed friend.
Mr. Stucky was a Mason and an Odd Fellow in high standing and his
funeral will bo held under the auspices of the first named order. He was
also an honorary member of the Walters' Association, and that body will at
tend tho obsequies an an organization. Deceased was a native of Wales and
29 years of age. His wife survives him.
i'< Ttibone & Co., but I
• md do not Intend to.
id the affairs of my
W, ;u:d 1
will n . • me. I
news
>. itniinf oi any
man lik< him and r<
Intervfen ■
\ . r\ :■■{-.. :i\ on the sub
.l*-ct. and while he was extremely tart In
mor would
■ that he and "Me Too" are
ilylnjr fiom the k I i. h other.
GOVERNOR MAKES TWO
NEW APPOINTMENTS 1
Offices of Suite Mine Examiner and
State Oil Land Examiner
Filled.
I,OS ANGELES. Nov. 21— It became
known Mere to-day that the Governor
while here last week made two appoint
ments. Stephen Burns, Ph.D., was ap
pointed Htate Mine Examiner and Profes
sor W. L. Watts State Oil Land Exam
iner.
Th« lust Legislature passe*! a law ap
propr!a.ting $20,00) for the purpose of ex
amining the mineral and oil bearing ;
lands of the State and preparing statis- ]
ties for the use- of the State Mining Bu- !
r«-au. Thi^y are to report to the Cover- <
jut. howver. and act independently of
the Mining Bureau.
Professor Watts Is a well-known oil
expert and resigned from the State M'n- i
inp Bureau to accept the appointment. \
Dr. Burns is well known as a mining ex
pert. He was editor of the California !
Voice, a prohibition paper, hen*. He was
formerly with the United States Geologl
cal Survey.
■ ♦ ■
LAWYERS GET ABOUT HALF.
Florence Blythe Hinckley Tells of I
Contracts With Her Attorneys.
The examination • of Florence ythe ■
HJnckley In the ?ult brought against her j
by Thomas J. Bergin to recover &0.000 |
attorney's fres was continued before
Judge Sc.iwell yesterday.
During the ''--iv the witness was apked
to examine certain letters she had writ
ten Mr. Bergin thanking him for services
ho had rendered in her behalf. She ad
mitted having written them, and aft. ,
ward denied that she had any knowledge
That Mr. Bergin was one of her attorneys.
Among the most Important letters was
one in which Mrs. Hinckley addressed
Mr. Bergin regarding the contract under
which the present iUit is brouuht. Th's
contra called for $50,000. and Mrs. Hinck
ley before signing it wrote to Mr. Bergin
Informing him that she thought that the
attorneyu other than himself should bear
a portion of the expense necessary to re
tain him In the many cases, as she had
already entered Into contracts with at
torneys culling; for over 42 per cent of the
entire value of her property. After Mrs.
Hinckley left the stand Mr. Bergin v.as
recalled to rebut certain statements made
by Mrs. Hlnckli Argument as to the
admissibility of his testimony on several
points w;*«i raised and occupied the re
mainder of the sitting. The hearing will
be resumed to-day.
• ♦ •
I-«<11*«' tailor-made sult». fur capes, cloak*.
Credit. M. Rctbachlld. 334 Post st. •
THE SAN' FTCAXCISCO CALL. TIUUSDAT, KOTEMBEH 23, 1899.
MUSIC THE FAD
OF A MILLIONAIRE
EMILktSi<UGUIERE,WHO WILL LEAD ALCAZAR ORCHESTRA
SAN FRANTTSOO thenter-Roers nre promised the novelty of ■ JTOOng
millionaire wielding the hatcin at one "f th- local playhoosi ■. Ami wh.it
it> more, he 1b to lead an orchestra— or rather two of them combined—
will discourse rmislc of his own composition. This young man,
•who onjoys the luxury <>f Dosseasmg twenty-five suits of clothes, three dosea
fancy vests, twenty-four pairs of shoes and fifty colored shirt?, with a pair of
stwpenders to match every shirt, is Bmtle Brugulere Jr.. son of the well
known capitalist. He has made music his hobby, as other sons of wealthy
sir. s have doted on horst s nr golf or tho hunt.
Mr. RrußUlere has composed the airs which will be a feature of tho produc
tion of Francis Powers" musical Mexican drama, "Mother Earth." which will
bs rut on at the Alcazar week after next. The jrotmg musical millionaire is so
enthusiastic in his work that he will had the double orchestra which will
render hie composition.
Music is to he made more of a feature of "Mother Earth" than were the
Chinese jlnples of Mr. Powers* •'Th.- Firet Born." The overture, upon whlcn
Mr. i;ruKi::«-r>> prides himself, brlnss out with much force th«* themes which
run through th.- entire play aJid which are made characteristic of the Mexi
can music. It put* In a musical way the llphts and shadows <>t the drama and
Will embrace many catchy airs representing the sonps and the dances so
to Mexican life. Th<> intermezzo. Mr. Brugulere believes, will be
greatest features Of his musical effort. A chime motive produces
a most beautiful effect in the finale, the tones of the chimes from behind the
• fling with the music produced by the orchestra.
Mr. Brugulere has made a study of Mexican melody, and In preparing the
:..r •Mother Earth" has had always In mind the chums and th.. fan
irhlch are almost a part of the iif.- of the Mexican. Like Mexican
to fit the Mexican dances, which ante-dated It. so has the
younp millionaire made his composition to fit the characters which are por
tray t-l i: "Mother Earth."
Mr Brugulere If a native SOU and Is proud of it. He Is a member of the
Bohemian Clttb of this city and th.- Union Club of New York. He writes
music bcestlt it is hi" f» d - San Francisco is to se»» this real millionaire in
front of the footlights directing an orchestra in the production of melody of
h'.s own composition.
FRENNA SHOT
HIS VICTIM
FROM BEHIND
Fatal Bullets Entered
Turner's Back.
Joseph P. Frenna, who is on trial In
Judge Cook's department of the Supe
rior Court for the murder of James F.
Turner on the morning of August 29. ap
pears to entertain no apprehension as to
his fate. He sat by the side of his attor
neys In the courtroom yesterday and lis
tened to the testimony that may send
him to tho hangman, the look of .-.-::
satisfaction sever for a moment leaving
his face, not even when Dr. Zabala, the
autopsy physician at the Morgue, testi
fied that three of the four bullets that
took eftoct in Turner's body entered his
back, and that the fourth passes through
his right hand, perforating a bundle of
papers which were clutched therein.
As this evidence, when corroborated, as
the prosecution claims It will bo. effectu
ally disposes of Frenna's contention that
he shot Turner In self-defense, one would
suppose that the aJles»td assassin would
feel somewhat shaky upon hearing It
told In detail to the Jury by a responsible
witness.
In his opening statement to the Jury
District Attorney Murphy declared that
the killing of Turner was a cold-blooded
assassination, and that the prosecution
would prove that Frenna went to the
Crocker building on the morning of th.
tragedy for the express purpose and
with the deliberate Intention or commit
ting murder. He said that the prosecution
would prove also that Turner was un
armed at the time he met his death and
in no position to defend himself when
attacked; that when the occupants of
the offices In the building, alarmed by the
shots, arrived on the scene, Frenna was
standing over the body of his victim as
it lay on the floor of the corridor, with
Its back perforated with bullets from
his revolver, and finally that on several
occasions previous to the shooting
Frenna had been heard to threat. to
kill Turner. The taking of testimony was
then begun.
I>r. Zabala was the principaJ witness at
th'- morning sessli n. He testified t>> the
bullets found in Turn.-rs
sody, practically as described by the
District Attorney. Other wltn.is«ea ex
;imtn«-<l were George i>. Collins, who was
the murdered man's attorney, and whose
•:m latter had left but a f.-w min
before he was killed; John R.
K'-if.-. manager of the < 'rocker building,
who was one of the first to arrive at the
1 ■ • of th<» tragsdjr. and to whom
Fr'-nna ack!K>wle<lK<'d the killing; Dep
roners J. J. Flannlgan and J. F.
took charge of the remains,
and Police Ofßosr RttSSeU, who ap
! with a chart showing the posi
tion of the body when found. Mrs. Tur
j,.-r was also on the stand for a few mln
nn t • s. but her testimony was imma;< riil.
The clothes worn by the dead man when
)•..- was Kill> d were put ln evidence, and
the caso then went over till 'n o'clock this
morning- Prenna is defended by W. s.
Itarnes ajid John A. Hosmer. while o%-
Jihlko Murphy Is assisted in prosecuting
the <-ase by Assistant District Attornej
K. S. Salomon and Attorney' W. M. Can
non.
MAJOR GUY HOWARD'S
BODY ON TRANSPORT
BELGIAN KINO RETTTRNS FROM
THE PHILIPPINES.
An Offlcw. a Member of the First
California and Ten Privates
on Board.
The transport Belgian King arrived
from the Philippines last night and an
chored in the stream off Metggs wharf.
On board was the body of Major Guy
Howard of Omaha, who whs killed on the
Rio Grande River, near Arayat, on Oc
tober 21. Tho only passengers wore Cap
tain Brett of th« Twenty-fourth Infantry
and eleven dl»charged private* from va
rious reglmonts. Among the privates
was Isaaor Davis, a member of the First
California Regiment, who wan on special
duty .when Ma comrades departed for
homo, but who ban sinco been released.
The Belgian King left Manila on Oc
'. No rough weather was expe
rienced and the trip was uneventful. She
touched at Nagasaki nineteen days ;i»,',.
but took aboard no passengers. The
transport has no sickness whatever
übc ;ird. and will go to the dock this
morning.
The body of Major Guy Howard, a son
of General O. O. Howard (.retired), and
BCBmDS AT FRENXA'S TRIAI,.
who was connected with the Quarter
master*! department, w;us placed on the
transport after funeral services had been
held ar Manila on the morning of <>> -
t'.t.»-r is. it win be shipped to Omaha tor
Interment. Howard was printing up the
Rio Grande River, near Arayat. In a
nmall launch when he was shot by a na
ttvc concealed along the banks of the
stream.
"T want nomp Whlsfcajr, and I want it had";
they dl.ln"t giv* him Joflne Moore.
The Absolutely Pure
BAI<IN6-POWDER
Made from Grape
Cream of Tartar.
Baking powders made from alum and other
harsh, caustic acids are lower in price, but
inferior in work and injurious to the stomach.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO- NEW YORK.
VOCKE PROVED
NO IMPEDIMENT
TO THEIR BLISS
How Al Woods Won
a Charming^ Bride.
»
MARRIED AT SAN RAFAEL
* —
GAMENESS HAD ITS REWARD IN
MARITAL HAPPINESS.
♦
An Obdurate Father Outwitted and
Two Fond Hearts Joined To
gether in Wedlock's
Grolden Chains.
Tf the course of true lore does not, aa I
a general thing, run as smoothly as could
be wished by the loving hearts that beat
ln unison, the f;uilt can generally be
ascribed to <itii.-r an obdurate parent or
too offldous friends.
This may not hold true in all cases.
but It win be found to !>•• the fad In the
recem trials and tribulations that have
the commencement of domestic life
for Mr. and Mrs. Al Woods, who are now
living at the Progress, a fashionable'
boarding-house on the corner of Butter
anil polk streets.
Mrs. Woods before her marriage on the
6th of this month wa* Miss Minna Vocke,
daughter of Qustava C. Vocke, ■ wealthy
liquor merchant at 101 Clay str.-.-t, who
stands hi«h in the German social em les
of tills city. Mr. Woods Was and still ih
a young clerk in the employ of the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company
with nothing but his good looks, a heart
heavy with affection and a pocket li^ht
with shekels to r.'-ommend him.
These recommendations proved all suffi
cient in tho opinion of Miss Vocke, but her
father, while h.- bad nothing against the
young man personally and admired r>.>th
his good looks and the good character
| given him by his friends and employers,
s.riously Objected to him as a suitor (<r
i his daughter's hand both because he was
too young and be< ause be was not well
• in. ugh supplied with the goods ..f this
world.
Woods presented his case to the old
man and urjfd his pretensi. .i..- with all
the eloquence of which be was a ,
But it was no kc The older Vocke prov< -I
obdurate and could be moved to conw nt
by neither argument nor persuasion.
There was only one thing to do, pnd
Woods, like a man of mettle, did it. He
Waited until the father had left on one
<>f his regular business trips to the In
terior of the State ;ind then persuaded the
daughter to tak-- ■ ride over to San Ka
faei. where they were made man and wite.
They returned to the city, and taking
apartments at the Progress sal them- ,
Sown to await the r.-turn of the r,|,i
man. who they expected would make »he
• if the situation and the young •
happy l'\ bestowing on them his bless-
Thus far til.- story told by Woodi
himself and his friends j:'
After tii>- return of Vocke i»ere, however,
there are two yarns. Woods claim
the old man forgave them and all Is now
as merry as it should be after su. h a
pretty little romance. His friends, how
ever, will not have It that way. They In
sist that Vocke has disowned his daugh
ter and refuses to have anything to do
with either h> r or her husband.
Whatever the case, Woods has no rea
son to bemoan. He baa i wife
who is lovely as she Is accomplished, he
has the respect and the Confidence of his
friends and employers and a position
which, while it does not give him the in
come of a millionaire, pays him quite
enough to support the little homo on
Buchanan street which he and his wife
are to move into n.xt week.
The elder Vock«- Is now away on a busl
nesi trip and will not return until Mon
day next. When he gets back Woods sayi
he will have him to <linn.-r. Woo. ls 1 friends
say that when th.- old man returns he will
have Woods In the Morgue.
The first hoad of the Vanderbllt family
died at the age of B, the second at the
age of «i and the third at the age of 54.
sS2L______X Hale..
open Saturday evenings until Christmas.
™'o 947 WWj&>%>&%& Market st
unusual glove purchase
tailored suits 88.50 ~ u " usual because we took
suits that would be $12.60 but for 'a " *" c wholesaler had ; un-
our purchase of every suit a tailor I ,, Cl)( ,| I. A- .
had; there Is where It commences; ÜbUai DecailSe We bOUght
the end Is $47.50 for $75 suits; and In | »L. m _^ „
between come fairly priced suits of , mem SO We Can Sell them
every style, cut a third and more ' _ f _ u«ir , , ,
from what they were made to sell at. I 21 a nail What YOU d Oth 3
these suits are all of the latest style , • ..
In make and material: the assortment WISe pay. if yOUF Size IS
cannot remain complete many days; . ...
seeing them to-day would not be too Mere It IS an unusual opDor-
qulck. • ■•■■.-- •■-.- rf
. . tunity for you.
hosiery
here's hosiery to tell about; we wish the entire line of Foster hook
we had a million of 'em; we bought clovra that wm r«Ji « v w 2?
all there was-a mere handful to us^ ?**' *,* *™ ra ""^l y a Pa '
240 dozen. cine oaBt agents, la ours; when
misses' and boys' 3-thread fast these are *" n e that's all!
black mnco cotton hose; fine ribbed. French kid and lambskin ladles'
but heavy; hard twisted and very gloves. Foster hook fastening- tan
elastic, smooth finish, deep glossy brown and black sta ' «i
black, fashioned leg. narrowed ankle. „,„,!„_ a^ a .i_ M c . XO _ uy * l " '*• nnr *
French toe and heel, double knee*! !"^ es [ t^ •to 7; oaoaJ price
heels and toes: sizes 7to 10; regularly ' lo ° and •■•*•! our Price until 501.1...
sold at 25c pair 20c pair 73c
$2.25 dozen misses' gloves In tans and browns..
children's rdC
underwear small suggestions
children's non - shrinkable Onelta
union suits; two-thirds wool, heavy IMPERIAL STATIONERY— a flr<*
and soft; handsomely finished with grade of correspondence rar^r RO
silk shell edge, silk tape and pearl shests and *> em lopo S in box ruled
buttons; all the seams covered; color __ „,„•„ __♦,„ „ .. ' ' ruiea
natural gray; all slz. from sto 13 or plaln ' satln or flnU<; " s - nnlsh
years $1 a suit -^c box
am i „ . - HANDKERCHIEF PoxEs— j an .
flannelette gOWnS an e . lacquered boxes. go M O rnn-
ladles' flannelette ______^^^^__^__^___^_^_^___ minted, with lock
gowns, good qual- "~~ ~~~^ ~~ I and key —
Ity of flannelette. tf>V/'^ ! R x * In.. He each
hubbard style t.*-rys=»* c^xfi^ ln..lOc^ach
yokes, turndown Christmas cheer for little folks— (l^4 Jn.'.Ke each
willrandT,^:^: *•«-«. "J^T nte' iS !
sorted patterns in a thousand tilings to maKe the , , _
pink and blue young heart glad. Hale s are help- hand painted
stripes: all sizes— ers to holiday happiness. dainty articles of
14, 15, 16 and 17.... I ornament and use-
45c each fulness —
the «rt of 10 lnch *' lacf l 60c
LIIC Ml lUI 7 , nch ,
leather burning « nch piacque Vjc
tr * 4 Inch pin tray joe
lessons given and the entire pro- 5 Inch Ink tray and bottle '2<V>
cess robbed of Its mystery and made 4 Inch soap box 20c
plain; materials supplied; complete 31.4 Jnch powder box 20c
outfits and extra parts: skins, Indian 2' = Inch salve box ioc
beads, designs and patterns. 5 inch ash tray .'ioc
complete outfits for burning. $3; '9 inch curling Iron tray ..Mi
first quality sheepskins, all colors, 95c Christmas card" r»<- to 7c each
each; second quality, 70c each. Christmas booklets le to 20c each
NO MORE GRAFTS
FOR CLERKS OF
POLICE COURTS
Charter Makes That
Business Bad.
This year's crop of candidates for Police
Court clerkships Is neither a* large nor
al varied as it h.is been in years past.
Those who are said to be in line for these
positions are for the most part either law
students or young men of good connec
ttoni who are willing to work for nothing
more thiin their salaries and the benefit
they will derive along their chosen lines.
The reason for it evidently lies in the fact
that th.- charter puts the position out of
the reach .if the professional grafter by
relieving the Police Court < - lerk of all re
iponslbulty and shouldering It upon the
County Clerk. Heretofore the court clerks
have had no other responsibility ihan
their own. They handle 1 all cash ball
d.-inanded by their respective courts; they
gave receipts for it. deposited It in the
treasury In their own names and gave It
up to whomever again presented the re
ceipt, and ln connection with their duties
along this line most of the scandals with
whl.-h they have been connected have
originated. I'nder the new order of things
the County Clerk Is clerk <>f the Police
Cnurt as well as of the Superior Court,
an.l all cash ball demanded will go into
his hands by order of the court. A<
County Clerk I>eane handles ball money
now, there Is not one chance In a hundred
of any acquisitive court clerk getting out
of office with any of it lining his pockets.
Instead of returning ball money upon
presentation of the receipt. Deane de
mands thai the claimant be represented
by ar. attorney, who shall make the de
mand. Th.-n upon a second order of court
the attorney la given an order upon the
Treasurer and permitted to collect for his
client.
The programme announced In The Call
yesterday morning suffered a slight
change at the hands of Sheriff Urkmann,
who announced yesterday that the ap
iiointment of Chris Newman as his chief
bookkeeper was by no means a certalntv.
Tor that place he Is considering not only
Newman, but Big Simon, the present
cashier In the i>nVe: Hlllie Hlattner and
Pal Walsh. Simon at the present time is
considered the favorite and Is being
strongly played by the push. K. K. Moran
also denies that no will accept the posi
tion of chief deputy offered him by As
i Dodge.
The statement that the Tloard of Health
will make a legal tight to retain Its office
Is emphatically denied by every member
of that body. They are content to accept
the provisions of the charter as passed
upon by the Supreme Court and claim
that the administration will find no
warmer support, rs of the new scheme of
government than they.
ELECTION RECOUNT.
Feusier and Farnham Will File Con-
tests Against Brooks and
Boland.
The Election Commissioners finished
counting tho election returns of tho Forty
first Assembly District and thirteen pre
cincts of the Forty-second yesterday. The
changes noted for the day wore as fol
lows: Second precinct. Forty-first—Con
nor (D.), Supervisor, lost five votes; Cur
tis (D.), Supervisor, lost five votes; Jen
nings (D.). Supervisor, lost five votes.
Fourth precinct. Forty-first— (K.).
City Attorney, lost five votes. Fifth pre
cinct. Forty-first— Doolan (D.). Tax Col
lector, lost five votes. Sixth precinct.
Forty-first— (R.). Auditor, gained
five votes; Booth (D.). Supervisor, lout
five votes. Eleventh precinct. Forty-first—
Feusier (R.). Treasurer, gained two votes.
Sixteenth precinct. Forty-first— Roland
(D.), Public Administrator, gajned live
votes. Seventeenth precinct. Forty-first—
Geary (D.), County Clerk, gained five
votes. .'■•*• ■'../-'
In the Seventeenth precinct of the
Fortieth ward— (D.). County Clerk,
lost five votes: Jeffers (R.). Supervisor,
lost five votes. .
• In the Fifth precinct of the Forty-sec
ond—O'Donnell. Coroner gained five
votes; Brandenst.-ln (D.). Supervisor,
gained five votes. Ninth precinct. Forty
second—Farnhara (R.). Public Adminis
trator gained one.
L. Feusier, Republican candidate for
Treasurer, and John Farnham. Republi
can candidate for Public Administrator,
will file contests next Monday for the
offices against S. H. Brooks and P. 1,0
land. whose pluralities were 335 and 266
respectively. _
Dr. Parker's Couirh Cure. One Aon* will «top
a couch. Never falls. Try it. 25c. All druggists.*
! |o£\r\ JtHi
3-Day Specials I
Our stores will remain open •T*ninr»
until Th&rk«Kivtnir. »w roods ■rrlvin<
daily for holiday trade.
IMPERIAL CHEESE, small jar... 10c
Apprtlilar. Pur*. Nutritious. Medium 25<3
App^tlxlnir. Pure. Nutrition..
lUehest. cr*amiMt chees« mad».
Reirularlr 15c and »c.
FIGS. 1-lb. pkgr ioc
Fancy California White Tig*.
Kifrulaxly LV.
ASSORTED NUTS. Ib 15 C
All of th* new crop and th* beat in th«
mark it,
Recularly »C.
COAL OIL, 5-gallon can $1.00
"Ideal Brand"— Best and safest,
negularly tl 1*
CHAMPAGNE (Gold Seal) ...... pts 40c
A high-trad* California Cham ma- *
tured by natural fermentation.
Regularly TV; and $1 23.
BAKING POWDER. 1-lbtn 80c
"Ideal Brand." absolutely par*.
Regularly 40c.
0 X WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 bots $2.00
Gallon 53.00
A nutritloa* stimulant ««.vu
«'. the xr«>atett attainable excellence.
Iterularly |1 and %4.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE. rt
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLHORE ST.
Ofd mb« Ji Stockton Corner Lombard.
St. Mar M» •»»• T.l. j a ,« W.,t 15*.
T.l.;ban. ■*!■ 6523.
\ CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
. (^3 : :
KEEP WARM!
|; That's the Idea.
1 "We have oil heaters In great num. '
i 1i 1 bers and In almost every style. As
I ' for prices, If you don't know ours are
i i the lowest come and see us and let us
(' convince you.
THE J.~NOONAN
Ji FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
) ton-iozi MISSION srnecr,
1 flbove Slxtlj.
) Pk.n. 8o«th 14. Of*a iNBSBgti !
Royal Bavarian Chinawarc
Bargains. .
It';* Worth Your
Coming Just to See.
Great American ImDortiniL Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
zoo Stores.