VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 74.
BRITONS ANXIOUS FOR
WAR AGAINST THE BOERS
T OX DOW Aug. 12.— The
£^j very deep interest mani
fested here in the court
itdl of Captain Dreyfus and the
indignation ill England feels that
he should be subjected to another
and unnecessary tedious trial have
been almost lost sight of during the
last day or two in a revival of the
H'ar fcz'er over the Transvaal.
When Mr. Chamberlain pro
posed a joint inquiry the trouble was
looked upon^ as settled, but the re
port that the Transvaal Govern
ment had refused to join in such an
inquiry has created not only ex
citement but intense surprise.
Even those papers which have
shozm themselves controlled by the
coolest heads are betraying los of
patience and temper. Those papers
which haze been going hot and
strong against the Government arc
now abusing President Krugcr and
TERRIBLE HAVOC WROUGHT BY
THE HURRICANE IN PORTO RICO
It Is Now Estimated That One Thousand
Persons Were Killed at Ponce.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 12.—
Reports from the southern
of the island, which were received
this morning, supply detai -
terrible hav<.<- wrought by the hurri-
Conservative estimates place the
killed at Ponce at 1000. Many
I bodily injuries. Five
hundred of the dead are lying in the
Morgue of th>' city.
There is much illness, owing to the
-I and water. Cisterns
filled with salt water when the
• as forced into town by the wind,
ring their contents unfit for us^.
The em and wreckage in which
the dead bodies are embedded choke
the streets. An •- idemic seems certain
and as there are no medicines it will
decimate the population of the island
if it on'-e sf-ts a start.
Destitution and distress everywhere
prevail. ' clamoring in the
streets of r bread. Governor
General Davis has already started re
lief expeditions, but communication is
difficult, owing to the floods resulting
from the heavy rair.s, which at many
points have carried away roads and
bridges.
Play a. tl nee, a town of
Inhabitants, was completely de-
Btroyed and on thr night of the storm
there was four feet of water in the
streets of Poncf itselt Playa has been
cut off from Ponce by th^ washing
away of bri'lßes. and it has no means
of communicating with the mainland,
except by boats. The pori depends up
on rain caught in cisterns for its water
eupply and as these cisterns were filled
with sea water, great distress has Re
sulted. Other towns on the southern
coast of the island suffere.l similar dis
aster, yauco, west bf Ponce, was de
stroyed, with gr< of iife, together
with its nort, Guanica.
Tallaboa and Guayanilla, on the line
of the railway connecting Ponce and
Ynuco, were wiped out. Huma^ao, the
chief town on the eastern coast of the
island, is in ruins, and its 6000 people
»r» homeless and starving. Sixty-four
The San Francisco Call.
NEW YORK. Aue. 12.— A Pun
cable from Johannesburg says:
Active military preparations are
in progress in the Transvaal. It
is reported that the l*>"ers are
arranging- with the railway? for
the mobilization of the Burgh
ers.
The Liverpool regiment has ar
rived at Durban and will proceed
to Laingsnek.
his foolishness. There is no mis
taking these bad signs. There was
no mistaking the feeling and tem
per of the House of Commons be
it closed its session on Wednes
day. There is no mistaking the
meaning of tin- hastening of the em
barkation of troops for the Cape.
The people feel the crisis has
reached its height. Excitement is
keen. Every bit of neivs from
South Africa is eagerly read and
discussed everyivhere. The impa-
I bodies have alrecdy been recovered
! there, and not a house was left stand
ing.
Trooper Sehoonberg of Troop c,
Fifth Cavalry, after a terrible ride,
brought in dispatches to <;>-neral Davis
asking- for assistance. Seven men of
C were injured during the hurri
; cane. King of the Eleventh Infantry
i was seriously hurt. The extent of th»
! casualties among the troops stationed
jin Humai'ao and other towns is not
yet definitely known, but it is beiieved
; that twenty-six wen 3 killed in Arroyo
; on the southeast coast.
Not a dwelling was spared in La.s
Piedras and Juncos, on the main road
inland from Humacao, nor in Naguabo,
five miles north along the coast. Tru
jillo Alto, in the mountains south of
this city, and other towns are known
to have been destroyed, but the loss of
life has not yet b»en reported.
In Arecibo. on the north coast, thirty
five miles west of this city, the best
families perished in the flood, which
swept away three houses. One hundred
and twenty bodies have been recovered.
In Yabucoa, ten miles south of Hu
macao on the east coast, 200 were killed
and many were wounded.
Patillas, ten miles to the southwest,
was blotted out.
Nothing has been heard so far from
the Mayagu^z district, on the south
coast, but it is known that coffee,
oranges and growing crops all over the
island have been completely ruined.
Many towns throughout the island
are still under water, and thousands of
cattle have been lost by the inunda
tions. Military couriers are coming :n
from all sides with requests to General
Davis for aid. Prompt action is abso
lutely necessary. In view of the ex
treme gravity of the situation Governor
General Davis has appointed a board of
commissioners to superintend the work
of relief. Help must come at once from
outside sources or the gravest results
will follow. If fever br^iks out it will
sweep the island and there will un
doubtedly be great mortality among
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
FORT BEING BUILT BY THE *
BOERS AT JOHANNESBURG. J
tience of the populace is evident,
and. notwithstanding all that has
been said to the contrary that states
men have been fighting their best to
preserve peace, there is not the
\ least doubt, so bitter is the public
► feeling against the Boers, that a
' declaration of war would be hailed
. with enthusiasm.
A high official of the Colonial
■ Office, speaking to a correspondent.
[ said: "Surely the Americans real
- ice that their sympathies and their
' interests are with Great Britain
■ over the Boer question. There are
large numbers among the I'itland
crs, and it is to their interests asi
well as to the Britishers that these
' reforms should be carried out. The j
case of John Hays Hammond (the
American engineer who was im^l
prisoned in the Transz-aal ) ought \
' to have brought the situation home]
to the Americans. We fully un-\
derstand the underlying sympathy
; of the United States for all repub-l
> lies, but the protection of citizens']
i iiit crest, whether American or Brit- \
I ish. ought to have nothing to do
■ with the republic principle."
the troops stationed there. Heavy rain?
are still falling.
Major Myers in his report from Ponce
to Governor General Davis says that
the hurricane l>^gan at 7 o'clock in the
morring and increased in violence un
til 10 o'clock, when there was some
abatement of its fury. It came in again
at 6 o'clock in the evening and blew
with terrific force until 2 o'clock in the
morning without intermission. Rains
in the mountains swelled the rivers un
til towns are from two to ten feet un
der water. Great damage was done to
all public buildings, and private losses
are beyond calculation. Barracks were
flooded, and outer buildings, including
kitchens and dining rooms, were de
stroyed and swept away.
Officers' quarters south of the bar
racks were demolished and their furni
ture arid other contents lost. Commis
sary and quartermasters' storerooms
were flooded and supplies which they
contained were ruined. Stables were
destroyed, but horses and cattle were
rescued. The refrigerating plant was
wrecked and the beef supplies quickly
spoiled. All that could be saved was
given to the poor, who were without
food.
There are no beds for the troops. Ma
jor Meyers says, and the streets are
filled to a depth of a foot with mud and
carcasses of animals are baking in
the hot sun. It is feared that an epi
demic will ensue.
SANCHEZ, San Domingo, via Cape
Haytien, Aug. 12.— The hurricane
on Tuesday was the worst in twenty
five years. Several towns were par
tially destroyed and there was an im
mense damage to crops that may bring
on famine. Great floods are reported
to have occurred in the interior. No
communication by railroad or telegraph
is possible.
Horatio Slater Dead.
MAGNOLIA, Mass.. Aug. 12.— Horatio
Nelson Slater, the millionaire manufac
turer of Boston and "Webster. Mass.. died
at his summer home here this afternoon
after a brief Illness.
GENERAL MERCIER CONFRONTED
BY DREYFUS AND CASIMIR-PERIER
PATRIOTIC
LEAGUERS
ARE JAILED
Paris Police Make Raids on
the Young Royalists and
Anti-Semites.
VAST CONSPIRACY ALLEGED
Some of the Followers of Deroulede
Resist Arrest and One Is
Strongly Barricaded.
Special Pispatrh to The Call.
PARIS, Aug. 12.— Following the ar
rest of M. Paul Deroulede a num
ber of members of anti-Semitic
and patriotic leagues were taken
into custody this morning.
A semi-official note issued this morn
ing reads as follows:
A certain number of arrests were made
this morning as the result of a magis
terial inquiry and by virtue of article 89
of the Penal Code regarding conspiracy
organized for the purpose of accomplish
ing a change in the form of government.
The persons Implicated belong to the j
I groups of the Koyalist Youth and the
i patriotic and anti-Semitic leagues. At
the trial of the Neuilly barracks affair
facts relating to the incident alone wen
used as the Basis of the prosecution, but
| searches were then made and documents
I were seized which led to the discovery
of an organization dating back to July.
1898; and of a plot to seize the Government
by force. The documents, leave no room
for doubt either in regard to the exist
ence of the plot or as to the chief actors
therein. After a very close watch proof
was obtained that the same groups were
preparing for a fresh attempt at an early
date, the proof being such as to enable
the disturbances to be averted by imme
diate measures. The Investigation of the
affair is Intrusted to M. Fabre, examining
magistrate.
M. Deroulede was taken into custody '
by four gendarmes and was driven to
Paris. On his arrival here he was in
carcerated in the Conciergerie prison. ;
.When arrested M. Deroulede shouted: !
"It is a rascality on the part of the I
Government, which is trying to impli
cate me in the. same affair as the . Or
leanists, whose adversary. I am."
The arrest of M. Marcel-Ha.bert is
; expected. . .
The police have closed the offices of
the Patriotic League, which are now- •
guarded by gendarmes. . :
When an attempt was made to arrest
M. Guerin, president of the Anti-Sem
ite League, he refused to surrender and
barricaded himself in his house. He
says he is prepared to hold out for
three weeks, having a good stock of
food and firearms. The doors and win
dows of bis residence are barricaded,
and M. Guerin announces he will blow
up his house before he surrenders.
On the application of M. Fabre fresh
searches of various houses were made
this morning, including the headquar- j
ters of the anti-Semites, where only '
unimportant papers were seized.
It appears that the officials unearthed
telegrams sent by the Duke of Orleans ;
from Brussels at the time of Persident .
Faure's funeral, the first saying. "All
our men are ready." The second tele- j
gram was dispatched the following
| day, saying, "It is useless to come."
The attempt at an Insurrection
against the Government had in th"
meantime failed. Later, during the
trial of M. Deroulede, traces were dis
covered of a fresh plot and of consulta-
Continued on Second Page.
M. PAUL DEROULEDE.
Founder of the League of Patriots and member of the Chamber of Deputies,
■who Is again in custody on a charge of plotting to cause a revolution.
Sensational Session
of the Court-Mar
tial at Rennes.
After-Concluding His Tes
timony the Former
War Minister Is Hoot
ed and Called "Mur
derer."
Sreclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Hemlci. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Cor
don Bennett.
]T)ENNES,Aug. v.—A great
/\ sitting, doubtless the most im
portant of the whole trial.
It can be resumed in a few zcords —
ike breakdown of Merrier. In the
first act we had the vague and hesi
tating deposition of M. de la Roche
\'cruet, attache of the French em
bassy in Berlin, and in the second
act the vibrating speech by former
["resident of the republic M. Casi
mir-Pcrier, and the curtain fell on
the rout of former Minister oj
War Merrier, who left the stag-:
amid the hooting of the audience
after an apparently endless mono
logue. M. de la Roche-Ventet was
ushered in almost at the very open
ing of the sitting. His testimony
zvas unimportant. M. Casimir-
Perier then came. He moved for
ward to the bar and remained
standing there, as if in a tribune.
despite the gesture of invitation
from the president. Colonel Jouaust.
to take a chair upholstered in red
velvet. Having taken the oath, he
spoke with ease and warmth, giv
ing one the impression of a set
M. Casimir-Perif.' was President of France at the time nf Drpyfu?' con
viction. General Mprcier was Minister of War in I*o4 and largely responsi
ble for the conviction of Dreyfus.
speech rather than of a witness' \
evidence, but not without oratorical \
effect. Dreyfus, quite calm and
looking zi.rH. listened with the deep- \
cst attention.
When P crier had seated himself
not far from M. de la Rochc-Vcrnet
General Mercicr entered. He car
ried under his right arm a thick
"serviette" bulging nut with papers,
which he laid upon the witness
table. This lecturer-general possesses
a thankless voice and a thank
less physique, his voice almost re
sembling that of an old woman, and
the face also like that of a lady of
uncertain age. at the corners of
whose mouth a practical joker had
drawn a pair of much-twisted mus
taches. Mercicr concluded by say
ing. "Gentlemen, I know that hu
man nature is fallible. If I had the
least doubt of the justice of the ver
dict of '94 you may rest assured I
would hare acknowledged my
error:'
TJiis he said with unctuous self
satisfaction, turning, as t he did so
toward Dreyfus. Thereupon the
latter, with an intensity of emotion
which ran through the audience tike
an electric shock, was seen to draw
himself up, his countenance all of a
sudden grow red with auger, and
cry out to the very face of his ac
cuser, "That is what you. ought to
do. Yes, that it what you ought to
do."
Mercicr. taken 'by surprise,
stopped and stammered.
"That is your duty.'' Dreyfus
calls out once again, and then he sits
dozi'ii suddenly.
After this explosion the discom
fited accuser tried to add a few
words, which nobody heard, gath
ered together his papers, folded up
his "serz'iclle" and arose. Jeers and
hoofing resounded through the hall,
and a journalist, when the general
passed near, cried out in his face,
"Murderer!''
RENNES, Aug. 12. — When the
Dreyflta trial was resumed this
morning the curtain rose on the
same theater-like scene as on
Monday. The Judges, in uni
form, were seated on the staere
behind the dark cloth-covered table, on
which, in a row. were their kepi?, with
pay-colored plumes and heavy gold
laced bands.
Every seat in court was occupied, in
expectation of a sensational scene.
There were more ladies present than on
Monday. The personage known as
Madame Blanche <The White Lady),
who has attended every move in the
Dreyfus affair, was again present to
day, wearing a superb set of pearls.
But. owing to the expressed objections
of Colonel Jouaust, she changed her
conspicuous place on the right behind
him for a more modest but still notice
able position in the body of the hall.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
Thore was a large sprinkling of uni
forms in the audience, and a row of
soldiers with fixed bayonets was again
arranged at the bottom of the hall, and
rendered honors in the customary man
ner to the Judges as the latter entered
or left the court.
The proceeding! opened tamely, and
the hope for a sensati<in began to lag
as the morning wore on, and matter 3
began to get tedious as M. I'asimir-
Perier and Gene' Mercier reiterated
what is already known. But this was
only the calm before the storm, and
•when the storm broke it carried every
one in the court with it into a whirl
pool of the wildest excitement.
Dreyfus on entering the courtroom
to-day saluted the president with the
same soldierly mem as on Monday last,
and the president. Colonel Jouau?'
turning: the salute, said: "Sit down,
Dreyfus."
The chair of the prisoner was placed,
farther to th^ right of the platform to
day. Instead of facing the Judges
Dreyfus sat with his back t" the table
of his counsel, thus looking across the
platform, straight at the rail at which
the witnesses stood.
Colonel Jouaust, immediately after the
court had settled down, opened the pio
cee'dirigs by asking Dreyfus the following
questions:
" "In January. 1895, the Director of the
: Penitentiary of the Isle dv Roi. in th<*
course of duty, searched the clothes you
brought from the prison. He found this
document in an inside pocket of your
waistccat?"
The president here nanded Dreyfus a
paper and said:
"Do you recognize it as having belonged,
to you?"
Dreyfus — Yes; my colonel.
Jouaust— Whose was it?
Dreyfus— Mine.
Jouaust— Will you tell me how and ur:
--: der what circumstances this document
tame into your possession?
Dreyfus— lt is a document I used dur
ing my trial, in order to discuss the value
of the bordereau. I wished to keep it.
' Jouaust— The military code gives you
i the right to have a■> copy of the docu
ments in your case. This document there
fore was legitimately in your possession.
Why do you; wish to keep It?
Dreyfus— As a souvenir of the text of
the bordereau. ?-:;-.,.-.-
Jduaust — That was not proper and there
fore, it was taken from you. 1 merely
■wished, to ■ elucidate this point. That
will do. , . • . • .
Colonel Jouaust- then asked Major Car
i riere- if he had, any. observations to mike
In behalf, of the Government. The major
replied by asking to have Dr. Hanson'*
! report on Dreyfus read, which the ■!• rk
! of the' court did.
The report deals with the measures of
\ surveillance over Dreyfus adopted during
I the voyage of the prisoner to Cayenne,
and said among other things that he was
seen on board seated on a stool and weep
ing.
M. de la Roche-Vernet. a secretary at
-1 tached to the French Embassy at Ber
■ lin, was the next witness called. Al
though he was scared, there was no hes
; itation' in his replies. He said he acttd
as the transmitting agent of the Minis
try of "War and Ministry of Foreign Af
fairs whenever they were engaged in th»
i translation of the Panizardi speech, which
was'a very minute and complicated nat
ter. Several drafts, he explained, were
first made, and finally an official transla
; tion was drawn up. which was the same
as since published.
Questioned respectively regarding th<s
draft and specifications, he said they were
purely hypothetical, the first draft only
having two words. "Captain Dreyfus," of
, which the translators were really sine.
the sense being that Dreyfus had been ar
[ rested and that he had no relations with
Germany.
M. Paleologue of the French Fore^n Of
fice was then called, and disagreed to
some of this witness' statements. But
the net result of the two witnesses' re
plies to MM. Laborie and Demange was
that never in the translation was there
any question of relations with Germany.
M. Laborie. on eliciting the foregoing,
showed evident satisfaction. The witness'
rail was empty for a few moments, and!
i then Colonel Jouaust .said, solemnly:
1 "Bring In the next witness."
. An infantry .sergeant, seated beneatn
Major Carriere's desk, then walked to the
middle of the court, where in a crimson
armchair, placed there for distinguished
witnesses, sat Casimir-Perier, formerly
President of France. The latter was con
-1 ducted by the soldier and ascended the
platform. He was dressed in a black
1 frock coat, with the rosette of the Legion
[of Honor at his buttonhole, and light
check trousers, and carried a silk hat in
his hand..
In response to the usual questions he
I said: "I am 52 years old. No profession.
; i was formerly President of the repub
'■ lie."
I Colonel Jouaust then asked: "Did you2
SAYS DREYFUS WOULD HAVE
BEEN LYNCHED IN AMERICA
• # TTT OF MEXICO Aug. 12.— Correo Espanol says that the ostra- f
X I rim of Jewish cadets at West Point shows that the Americans «•
♦ I j hate the Jews as badly as the French people, and remarks that had ♦
• # rvrtv'us been in the American army he would have been lynched by a
£ furious mob instead of merely being imprisoned. - *•
5 fUF J? T "' n clerical organ, intimated in a leading article that the ♦
ss United States 'was the common eneemy of all nations on this continent, *>
*. and advises the Latin-American nations to unite for common defense. <$
know the accused prior to the acts of
-M^CasimitpeileVlNo. Monsieur le
I Y^!'!n"J' You were President of tho re
beg v,.u to kindly communicate them to
ScaXir'-Perier (in a loud vo»ce)-Mon
ci.Mir \ P President yon ask me to speait
ihV truth and all the truth 1 have sworn
it. 1 will speak without reticence
unfortunately is rot always?, the * same
am aware of nci dents
h might fhrow light and
Itherto said all J«»«£|
know. 1 will not , n leav f
thu nlace without saying all. 1
do this m I ™» a <™
anything useful to what 1 have already
out of respect to m crmsc ence
I and to take the opinion
faith. 1 will not leave this
v . c left an unalterable con
nothing which might
throw light on the case and that I na\e
| a The a forme n r O President then in a loud and
distinct voice repeated the evidence he
had elver, before the Court of Cassation,
lie leaned, while speaking, against the
witn^s rail and referred to a bunch of
papers which he held in his hand
The Witness read the text of the dis
patch received by Count Munster-Leyden
burs the German Embassador at Paris,
from' Prince Hohenlohe, the German Im
perial Chancellor, which the former com
municated to M. simir-Perier during a
visit 10 the Elysee palace. It ran. .
••His Majesty the Emperor having
every confidence in the loyalty of the
President of the republic and the govern
ment of the republic, begs your Excel
lent- to tell M. Casimir-Perier that it Is
proved the German embassy was > never
Implicated in the Dreyfus affair His
Maiestv hopes the eminent ol the re
public will not hesitate to declare so.
Without a formal declaration the legend
which hero continues to spread regard
ing the German embassy would compro
mise the position of the representative # or
Germany. HOHENLOHE.
M Casimir-Perier then recounted how
he had expressed to the then Premier and
Minister of War his astonishment ana in
dignation at the interview which Captain
Le Brun-Renault had given the Figaro on
the subject of Dreyfus. The witness then
told of Colonel Pic Quart's visit to the
Elvsoo at the trial In 1894, informing him
that M Bertillon's demonstration had lit
tle effect on the Judges. He added:
"I received M Hertillon December 14
and 15 at the instance of the Minister of
War who thought his demonstrations very
curious, interesting and conclusive, but I
must confess." said M. Casimir-Perier,
amid a general titter in court, "that I
judge* them differently. He added: "All
that was done and said among the Minis
ters was done without my knowledge.'
The witness then related the facts in
connection with the futile efforts of M.
Waldeck-Rousseau to prevent the first
court-martial sitting behind closed doors
and said he (the witness) had never re
ceived any member of the Dreyfus family.
M. Casimir-Perier concluded this part of
his statement by raising his voice and
Bpeaking very excitedly while saying:
•Tor the honor of the chief magistracy
which 1 occupied, for Ihe honor of the
republic, I will not allow it to be said
that I hail exchanged a word with a cap
tain in the French army accused of trea
son."
This caused applause in court,
■which Colonel Jouaust speedily sup
pressed, threatening to clear the h;ill if
.' ;! s any r« n of it
> people in the courtroom thought
M Caeimir-Perier was somewhat thi
<-al in this utterance, as he turned and
delivered as much to the audience as to
. v rt . t
The former 1 nded his state
by saying: "I affirm, before this
tribunal of soldiers, that my resignation
was not connected with the diplomatic in
cident concerning Germany, it pains me
not to i>'. a!'!-- to second the court in th»»
work ■ :o jt, for, from
this place must emerge at last for th«
of the country, reconciliation and
1 can do no more than tell the
truth, the who!" truth and nothing but
the truth. As chief of the state or when
;c--n. 1 have always my respect for
France, regarded her as free to make
a de< It he is herself revered. (Ap
e whi<h was quickly suppressed.)
Various questions were then ask.-l M.
. Ir-Perier by the assistant judge and
M. j ' ect of C iptain
le Brun-Renault's statement that Drey
fus had confessed to him, and the witn< sa
said, emphatically, that he never had
from Captain I>e Bran-Renault a com
munication such a .; a confession during
the captain's visit to him. !!•■ added that
>:•• wi red to deny that G> neras
Mercii ■■ had • >ld Captain Le Brun-Renault
mmunicate this alleged confession,
but he affirmed that the captain did not
. of It to him.
M. Demange men introduced the ques
tion of the letter which the anti-Drey
fusards asserted Dreyfus wrote to in.
<"asimir-Perler and in which it is claimed
be spoke of engagements entered into by
M. Casimir-Perier respecting him.
The wit: Ltically replied that
he had never entered into any such en
gagement as alleged, and he asked that
the letter which was published by the
Eclair of Paris should be-produced in
and that the whole matter be
ed up. M. Casimir-Perier ended thk
ptatement with a slap of his hand on the
rail of the desk.
Colonel Jouaust then asked Dreyfus if
he had anything to say. Thereupon tlie
prisoner rose and accompanying his ut
terancea with gestures of his right hand
said:
"My words have certainly been distort
ed, for I have no recollection of such a let
ter. The words the former President of
the republic have just uttered are ekact.
I have never, even in my mind, supposed
there wan _ iru-nt undertaken by
him and that he had not held thereto. M.
I.'emange here asked me. at the tim<> of the
trial. In conveying through M. Waldeek-
Kousseau my request for a public trial,
that this publicity should only be on con
dition that the question or' the origh; ..f
the documents remained secret. 1 gave
my word of honor not to raise thin, ques
tion, and in that 1 bow before thp superior
Interests of" my country. In my mind it
Was with the defense, and not with the
Presid«nl of the republic., that the word
cf honor was given. 1 never had an ld< a
that an engagement was made between
the President and myself. Never 1 , never."
Jouaost — Then you declare false these
letters In which it is said the President of
the republic entered into certain engage
ments with you?
Dreyfus replied: "In nny case the sense
has been completely distorted."
M. Casimir-Perier gave his evidence with
a blanched face, but In the determined
tone of a man who maintains every word
uttered, which inspired confidence in his
words.
The members of the court-martial lis
tened to him respectfully. When bia t> s
tlmony whs ended M. Casimir-Perier was
conducted back to his seat by a non-com
missioned officer, and all eyes were direct
ed toward a door to the right.
There was a moment of painful sus
pense and then Genei il Mercler entered
the courtroom and was conducted to
the witness stand by a soldier. He lifted
his right hand before the crucifix and
swore to tell the whole truth. He ap
peared to be broken in health. He spoke
with a hoarse voice, coughed frequently
and a:-ked to be allowed to be seated.
Mercier was attired in the undress uni
form of a general— black tunic and red
trousers. As he sat down he piaced a
brilliant crimson and gold kepi on a
shelf attached to the witness rail, where
it remained a striking patch of color dur
ing the time he gave his testimony,
which lasted from 8:10 a. m. until noon.
He leaned forward while speaking, his
hand sometimes resting on the rail, but
more often he was nervously twitching
his lingers and twisting a pair of white
gloves, which he doffed on entering the
court. Ik-side his kepi be placed a black
leather wallet full or papers, and he ac
companied his remarks with a continual
nodding of the head. To a stranger his
appearance and bearing produced a far
from a favorable effect. He gave the im
pression of shiftiness; his forehead was
wrinkled, his eyebrows were contracted
and his eyes peered through slits between
puffy eyelids. His cheeks were sallow
and he spoke almost inaudibly and in a J
weak, monotonous pitch of voice, which
produced a soporific effect upon those
who were not able to distinguish his
words, but who were within hearing of
his voice. • ■ . .;
This monotone, with hardly a break, ex
cept when the clerk read the various
documents, Mercier presented to the
court, lasting nearly four hours, with tea
minutes' suspension at 11, when there
was a general feeling that the witness
was going to provoke, as the Dreyfusards
predcited, an utter fiasco.
Genera] Mercier wore on his breast the
decoration of grand officer of the .Legion
of Honor. While be was under examina
tion General Mercier asked Colonel
j Jouaust to allow him to present a docu
ment showing how an espionage system
was organized in France by Colonel
Schwartzkoppen, the former German
military attache at Paris. The document
referred to the fortifications of the
Meuse.
General Mercier then entered Into an
explanation tending to prove that
Schwartzkoppen was at the head of the
German espionage system in France and
afterward had the favored letter con
taining the words "Cette canaille de
]>— read.
In the meanwhile Dreyfus watched
Mercier through his eyeglass, but appar
j ently quite unmoved. The witness who
, displayed the deepest interest was M.
! Casimir-Perier, seated in front of a row ,
of private seats. He leaned forward with
his hands on his knees, except when ex
cited, when he lifted up his hands in an
expressive gesture of disgust or Impa- I
tience.
Mercier. who had his back turned to the
former President, saw nothing of this,
j but after he had completed his testimony
and had reiterated all the charges con
i tamed in M. d'Ormeschville's bill of in
dictment, Mercier presented a document
to be read by the clerk, which proved to
be the alleged Dreyfus letter concerning:
the alleged engagement entered Into with
M. Casimir-Perier. which the latter had j
so hotly denounced. The last breath had '
barely left the clerk's lips when M. Casi- I
mir-Perier jumped up and shouted: I
"That is the letter I read in the news- !
paper!"
General Mercier, startled , turned around I
and muttered excuses, saying he did not j
believe a President of the republic would
enter into such an engagement.
To this M. Casimir-Perier retorted in a
tone of the bitterest sarcasm, "Thank
you. general, for this testimonial."
At the end of his evidence General Mer
cier said he believed that the only motive j
of Dreyfus' treason was that Dreyfus had j
no feeling of patriotism.
This cruel utterance brought forth
hisses from the audience, whose blood
had been sent up to fever heat by the j
witness" savage attacks on Dreyfus. " Gen
eral Meicler, hearing the hisses, terminat
ed with remarking:
"If the least doubt crossed my mind,
■ gentlemen, I would be the first to declare i
it to you and say before you to Captain :
i Dreyfus. "1 am mistaken, but in good !
j faith.' " i
Then Dreyfus electrified his hearers. '<
He jumped to his feet as though the
words had galvanized him into new life
j and shouted with a voice which rang
throughout the hall like a trumpet note:
"That is what you ought to say."
The audience burst into a wild cheer,
whereupon the ushers called for silence.
General Mercier then stammered: "I
would (i me and say, 'Captain Dreyfus. I
was mistaken in good faith, and I come
with the same good faith to acknowledge
it. and I will do all in human power to
repair the frightful error.' "
The prisoner then shouted, "Why don't
you, then? That is your duty."
At this there was another outburst of
applause General Mercier, after a pause
when the excitement had partially
calmed, said:
"Well, no. My conviction since ]594 has
noi suffered th< slightest weakening, it I
is fortified by the deepest study of the
and also by the inanity of the
means resorted to for the purpose of
proving the innocence of the condemned
man (if 1894 in spite of the evidence accu
mulated ;ind in spite of the millions of
money expended."
Colonel Jouaust then said: "Have you
finished
General Mercier replied "Yes."
Colonel Jouaust then announced that the
sessions "f the court-martial would be
resumed Monday morning.
M. Casimir-Perier thereupon arose and
said: "After the deposition of General ■
Mercier ] shall ask the court to hear me. |
and 1 would prefer to be in confrontation j
with him."
This announcement caused a sensation.
Then followed a thrilling demonstration
against General Mercler. As he turned to
the court the audience rose en mass^
and hissed and cursed him, those at the
back of the court standing on benches and
chairs in order to better hound him.
The gendarmes placed themselves be
tween the general and the audience, which
showed a strong disposition to maltreat
the former Minister of War.
General Mercier hurried out of the court
room through a side door. On emerging
into the street the crowd outside cheered
the general and cried, "Vive l'armee."
"Ah." cried a spectator of the scene in
court, "if they had heard the human mon
ster speak they would not cheer him
now."
One newspaper man In court was arrest
ed for calling General Mercier as he
passed by him a murderer. But later on
the man was released. I>reyfus was hur
ried out by gendarmes, who immediately
cieared the courtroom.
MERCIER PLAYED THE
WELL-WORN WAR SCARE
RENNES. Aug. 12.— General Mercler
played the now well-worn war scare to
day, but the effect must be very discour
aging to him, as his hearers listened with
out stirring a muscle to his story of how
France was on the threshold of a war
with Germany. The anti-Drey fusards
have cried "Wolf!" too often.
At the outset of General Mercler.'s tes
timony he prepared the court for a war
scare by declaring that the Emperor of
Germany personally took an active part
in organizing espionage, and then later,
when he defended his action in com
municating the secret dossier to th"c
court-martial of li'M, he said:
"I no longer have reason to keep silent,
and I am going to accomplish what I con
sider my uuty. Jn 1594 the diplomatic sit
uation was perilous. M. Hanotaux, then
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has indicated |
this. M. Casimir-Perier has spoken be
fore the criminal chamber about the un
usual step taken by Count yon Munster.
He also exposed the somewhat unusual
way by which he could double himself in
to "an official personage and a private
personage, later giving Count yon Mun
ster information which was at first re
fused him.
"But M. Casimir-Perier amended his
deposition, saying he had not said that
the same day he, M. JJupuy and mystll
remained from 8 in the evening until 12:30
in his private office at the Elysee wait
ing the result of telegraphic communlcn
tions between the Emperor of Germi.ij
and Count yon Munster. He remained
four hours and a half awaiting to see if
anything would result from this exchange
of telegraais."
Here M. C'apimir-Perier shook his head
and hand in emphatic denial of Geneuu
Mercier' a statement.
The latter continued: "I bad been in
formed in the afternoon that the situa
tion was very grave. Count yon Munster
handed an order from his sovereign to
ask for his passports if his demand ran !
not conceded. I was prepared to give '.he j
order for mobilization. You s>ee, we were I
within an ace of war. It was only at
12:2<J thnt M. Casimir-Porler notified m°
that Count yon Munster had accepted the
Insertion of a somewhat vague note de-.
daring the Embassador was not in
volved."
M. Casimir-Perier here again made a re
pudiating gesture.
General Herder continued to explain
that this was the reason for his action
regarding the secret dossier.
If Dreyfus is guilty he must possess
superhuman nerve, for he listened to I
General Mericer's pitiless arraignment I
this morning until he approached the end
of his deposition with sphinx-like rigidity
cf features, but watched Mercler like a
cat watches a mouse. No one would have
suspected the volcano within Dreyfus
which burst forth when human flesh "and
blood could stand it no longer. The only
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
SHERMAN'S COURSE FROM YOKOHAMA TO SAN FRANCISCO.
IF all went well the transport Sherman, with the California boys aboard, had at noon yesterday (San Francisco
time) covered 1075 nautical miles of the distance that separates Yokohama from this port. In that event she
was about twelve days' steaming from home. If the Sherman keeps up this rate of speed she will be 108 miles
(nautical) distant from the Golden Gate at noon on the 24th inst. By burning a little more coal Captain Grant
may bring his vessel to the Farallones at that hour, but if he finds it impossible to do so the chances are he will
slow the Sherman down and make the Farallones at noon on the 25th.
Judging from the speed the Sherman made on her last voyage, and allowing for her improved condition, j. T.
McMillan, United States nautical expert, figures that at noon yesterday (San Francisco time) the Sherman was in
latitude 38 degrees 45 minutes north, longitude 160 degrees 30 minutes east, or 3588 miles from San Francisco.
A large copy of the above map showing the course of the transport is ojj&exhibition in the window on the
Market-street side of the business office of The Call. The map Is attracting atfreat deal of attention, and crowds
are gathered about the window to view it from early morning till late at night.
sign of the fire within was the heaving of
his bosom and the parching of his lips and
palate, which he occasionally moistened
with his tongue. A casual observer might
have missed these indications and imag
ined that he waa an image cut In stone,
with the eyes fixed on Mercier.
But, when at last his feelings obtained
the mastery and he sprang to his feet
and faced his accuser, man to man, one
appreciated the depth of his previously
suppressed emotions, and Mercier, who,
startled, had Jumped to his feet at tho
ringing sound of Dreyfus' voice, recoiled
before the terrible look Dreyfus threw at
him and stood aghast, wondering whether
the prisoner was going to spring upon
him.
Colonel Jouaust and the other members
of the court-martial, in the meantime,
had risen and seized the two men, while
the court rang with the cheers of the
spectators.
General Mercier, when he haa finished
his testimony, nccording to general opin
ion, had said really nothing and proved
nothing. The overwhelming proofs he was
to have thrown down before the mem
bers of th»- court-martial like a bombshell,
failed to appear and he left the court dis
credited.
LONDON HEBREWS
EXPRESS SYMPATHY
IX)NDON', Aug. 12.— An enthusiastic
meeting of 5000 London Hebrews was held
this evening for the purpose of express-
Ing sympathy with Captain Dreyfus. It
was resolved in the event of the acquit
tal of Dreyfus to hold a meeting of re
joicing.
ROOT WILL REVISE THE
ORDER OF INSPECTIONS
Conference With General Breckin
ridge on the Best System.
to Adopt.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— Inspector
General Breckinridge had a brief in
terview with Secretary Root to-day
upon the subject of his bureau. An
important feature of the interview was
a statement by Secretary Root upon
the order relating to the inspector gen
eral'a department which was signed by
General Alger on July 31.
Secretary Root said it had not yet
issued from the department and would
still be subject to careful consideration
before it was issued. General Breekin
ridge submitted to the Secretary a
statement showing: the custom in other
armies and what had been the custom
in our army up to the present time.
Another statement showed the position
of General Breckinridge in the matter
of inspections, pointing out the methods
he had adopted and making sugges
tions. Secretary Root will take up the
whole subject at a later date.
POPE PREPARING FOR
JUBILEE FESTIVITIES
Has Authorized an Exhibition of Ob
jects of Piety at the
Vatican.
ROME, Aug. 12.— The Pope has au
thorized an exhibition of objects of
piety during the coming Holy Year.
The exhibition will be international in
character and will be held In the Vati
can in the same halls as the famous
exhibition at the Pope's first Jubilee
celebration.
His Holiness is taking a keen interest
In this as in everything else connected
with the Holy Year arrangements. He
Is much gratified at the enormous num
ber of Bishops from all parts of the
world who have promised to come to
Rome at the rare ceremony of the open
ing of the Porta Santa of St. Peter's.
The number will probably exceed 500.
The door will opened by the Pope him
self on Christmas.
TERRIFIC STORM
SWEEPS PENSACOLA
PENSACOL.A, Fla., Aug. 12.— A ter
rific storm swept over Pensacola and
vicinity this afternoon. Warned by the
Weather Bureau of the approach of the
West India hurricane, the people were
very uneasy and there was much ex
citement. Rain fell in torrents and the
velocity of the wind reached forty-two
miles an hour. All shipping had been
warned and was snugly tied up. Sev
eral vessels dragged anchors, but there
was no serious damage. In two hours
the storm had passed. The weather to
night is clear and hot.
LIZZIE MAC NTCHOL DEAD.
Opera Singer Overexerts Herself
Saving Valuables During a Fire.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.— News was re
ceived here to-night of the sudden death
at Choycorua, N. H., to-day of Lizzie
MacN'ichol. the opera singer. Miss Mac-
Niehol performed heroic service in saving
furniture and valuables during a fire
which damaged the house of Mr. Runnels,
the Chicago millionaire, several nights
ago, and it is believed her death Is the
result of her exertions at that time.
RACE WAR IMMINENT.
Two Tennessee Negroes Killed and a
Third Wounded.
BBLLBUCKIiE, Term., Aug. 12.— Much
feeling between ' the races has been
aroused by the lynching yesterday of the
negro Will Chambers for assaulting a 14
--year-old white girl. John Mosely, another
negro, was killed to-day while resisting
arrest. "Jim" Dean, a companion of
Moeely, was wounded. The whites have
asked for guns and ammunition from
Murfreesboro.
Wahmooh Still at Large.
COVEI.O, Aug. 12.— A posse of six
mounted Indian police returned from the
Trinity County hills to-night after a fruit
less chase of twenty-four hours after
Mcdi me Man Wahmooh and his band.
The Government police seem to have come
to the end of their resources. Friends
and relatives of Wahmooh deny having
any knowledge of his whereabouts. But
when he was missing they felt sure he
was lost or perhaps had been overtaken
by violent death.
"indications to-night are that the influ
ence of the peaceable element will over
come the war spirit.
PATRIOTIC
LEAGUER!)
ARE JAILED
Continued from First Page.
I tlons at which the question was dls- I
j cussed whether the attempt should be i
made to change the form of government j
I before or after the Rennes court-mar- ■
i tial. The Government, thereupon, judg
ing that the time for action had ar- >
1 rived, ordered a number of arrests to '
be made, all of which apparently have
not yet been effected.
A police commissary called at 4 a. m.
: at the residence of M. Thiebault, on the
. Quai Voltaire, and a number of police
! men surrounded the house. But M.
I Thiebault escaped by a balcony to an !
adjoining house. The police have seized j
the Drapeau (newspaper) office.
The house of Andre de Buffet, a rep- j
j resentative of the Duke of Orleans and
vice president of the Toung Royalist
League, was searched and a number of :
! papers were seized. Buffet was ar
-1 rested at Feiguier, on the frontier, as i
i he was about to cross into Belgium.
M. Maillard of the Petit Parisien staff i
j has been arrested on the charge of urg- j
ing soldiers to plebiscite on th« form of '.
| government.
The police have placed seals upon the
doors of Jules Guerin's residence, in
which he still defies them.
At Nancy a man named Pisson was
■ arrested on the charge of espionage
! and 'was condemnt-d t>> three years' im
| prisonment, 500 francs fine and to be
i deprived of civil rights for a decade.
| Of the seventeen warrants of arrest is
sued only fourteen were executed.
M. Fabre began to interrogate Paul
Deroulede this evening. As the cells at
police headquarters are all occupied,
several of the prisoners will be trans
ferred to the Prison de la Sante.
According to rumors current in offi
cial circles, the affair is likely to pro
duce serious consequences. It is stated
that the Government possesses precise
and detailed instructions from the Due
d'Orleans to his agents. It is pointed
out that when the arrest of Deroulede
was made, no outsiders knew that the
partisans of the Duke of Orleans were
mixed up in the affair.
Curiously enough. Prince Victor Bon
aparte has been closely watched by the
Orleanists for several months, they
fearing that he might disturb the
schemes.
MM. Deroulede, chief of the League
of Patriots, and Marcel-Habert, a mem
ber of the Chamber of Deputies, were
arrested on the evening of February 23
last, on the charge of inciting soldiers
to insubordination in connection with
the election of President Loubet.
On May 31, the prisoners, who had
been on trial before the Assize Court
in Paris, were acquitted, although dur
ing the proceedings M. Deroulede ad
mitted that he wished to lead a brigade
to overthrow the parliamentary repub
lic; that his action was fully premedi
tated and that he would not cease his
attempts to overthrow parliamentar
ism. He acknowledged he was guilty of
all the charges except the allegation
that he wanted to lead the soldiers
astray without a leader. He said. "I
wanted a general at their head. I
would have preferred the commander
in-chief. Unhappily I had no choice."
He finished his harangue by asking a
plebiscitary republic, Asserting at the
same time that he never intended to
turn the soldiers from their duty, but
only wished to carry General Roget,
who was in command of the troops,
with him. M. Marcel-Habert also ad
mitted that he wished to cause a revo
lution, but denied having incited sol
diers to disobedience. He said he only
sought to lead General Roget to the
Elysee palace, and that the men with
him had been merely following the offi
cers.
HORSES INCINERATED.
Fifty Animals Perish in a Livery
Stable Fire at Fresno.
FRESNO, Aug. 12.— Scott & Bcotfi liv
ery stable, on Tulare street, was burned at
a late hour to-night. There were over
fifty horses in the stable and all but three
were incinerated. A large number of rigs
were burned. Supervisor Phil Scott and
his son were the owners of the stable.
Enforcing the Fish Laws.
ASTORIA, Or., Auk. 12.— Deputy Fish
Commissioners Loughery and Koegun
made several arrests of gill netters and
seiners for fishing contrary to the close
season law last night and this morning.
The men arrested all had big catches and
pleaded the enormous run of fine fish in
extenuation. The gill netters were bound
over until Monday under bonds given by
the local cannery men. The seiners, fi\>;
in number, were each fined $50 and paid
their tines without contest. It is now
apparent that the commissioners of both
Washington and Oregon propose to strict
ly enforce the law. Several canneries
were reported to be in operation on the
Washington side to-day, but it is alleged
they merely engaged in "cleaning up ui'l
wili be closed permanently after to-nignt.
Sir Edward Frankland Dead.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— Sir Edward Frank
land, K. C. 8., honorable secretary of the
Royal Society, is dead. He was born In
lS2."i an<l was formerly professor in th«
Royal School of Mines.
SOLDIER KILLS
TWO POLICEMEN
His Comrades Are Un
der Arrest.
THE MURDERER ESCAPES.
MEN WERE RAISING A DISTURB
ANCE IN A SALOON.
Entire Detective Force Is Looking for
the Double Murderer, but No
Clew to His Identity Has
Been Obtained.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Aug. 12.— Two police offi
cers were murdered here at 1 o'clock
to-night by recruits belonging to Com
pany L, Thirty-fourth Volunteer In
fantry, now stationed at Fort Logan.
The soldiers had been raising a disturb
ance in Louis Klipfel's saloon at the i
corner of Market and Twentieth streets
during the evening, and Officer Tom
Clifford was notified of their actions
and asked to keep his eye on them.
He followed them for an hour or so
and came upon the men at the corner of !
Blake and Twentieth streets. He was j
about to accost the soldiers, when one
of them turned on him and, placing the
muzzle of a revolver to his breast sent
a bullet through his heart. Clifford ex
pired almost instantly.
Two of the men were captured and
gave their names as Bryant and Cum
mings. They say they do not know
the name of the man who did thp kill
ing. Officer W. E. Griffith started on a
bicycle in pursuit of the man who did
the shooting.
He was gaining on him rapidly, when
the murderer ceased running, drew his
revolver and shot Crifflth through the
body, killing him almost instantly. At
a late hour the double murderer had
not been captured, and the entire de
tective force of the city has been placed
on his track.
CITIZENS SWINDLED
BY A CONFIDENCE MAN
No Branch of Trade in Pacific Grove
Slighted by the Wily
Operator.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 12.-Several res
idents of this town are making anxious in
quiries to-day for Allen Drew of Stockton,
| who departed early this morning, taking a
good deal of money and other property
belonging to business men of Pacific
Grove. Before leaving he succeeded In
i doing the townspeople pretty thor
oughly.
About three weeks ago a well-dressed
man, apparently about 35 years old and
giving his name as Allen Drew of Stock
ton, rented a large cottage from H. W.
, Briggs, a real estate man. When the cus-
I tomary advance payment was asked fur
j he said his funds were all in checks, which
I would follow him here in a day or two.
I Briggs let him have possession of the cot
tage, and he proceeded at once to rent all
the rooms to other persons, invariably
collecting the rent in advance. When he
had been here a day or two he negotiated
for a lot, and going to J. B. Norton, a
merchant, told him the same story about
the checks, and asked for a temporary
loan of money to make the first payment
j on the lot. Norton let him have the money
• and has not seen him since. In the. same
i way he went through the town, swindling
the restaurant keepers, transfer men, gro
cers, butchers and. indeed, somebody in
nearly every line of business In town. He
finished by "skipping" with a valuable
camera which he had taken on Friday
from the Eagle pharmacy "to try," anil
which he said he would buy if It proved
satisfactory.
Those who suffered through his opera
tions have taken all possible steps to catch
the thief, but no trace of him has been
discovered.
«
Fanny Easton Taylor's Will.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 12.— The will of
Fanny Easton Taylor, who died in San
Mateo on July 25, was filed for probate
yesterday by Henry Huntly Taylor and
Frances Easton Taylor, the persons
named as executor and executrix. By her
will deceased aisposed of property valued
at over $100,000. The heirs are the three
children— Henry Huntly Taylor, Frances
Easton Taylor and Adeline Mills Taylor
Howard. One-third of the property is be
queathed to each of the first two and one
third to Henry Huntly Taylor and Henry
T. Scott in trust for Adeline Mills Taylor
Howard.
Thrown From His Horse.
LEXOX, Mass., Aug. 12.— Anson Phelps
i Stokes was thrown from a horse to-day
! and his leg was broken and crushed so
' badly that it was necessary to amputate it
above the knee. He did not rally for a
time after the operation and is very weak.
I He is t3O years of age.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
44 A Good Name
At Home
Is A Tomer of Strength Abroad." In
Lowell, SMass., 'where. Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla is made, it still has a larger sale than
all other blood purifiers. Its fame and
cures and sales have spread abroad, and it
is universally recognized as the best blood
medicine money can buy.
HANGED UNTIL
ALMOST DEAD
Six Prisoners Brutally
Treated.
TO EXTORT A CONFESSION
NO CHARGES HAVE BEEN PLACED
AGAINST THEM.
Governor Sayers Has Sent a Detach
ment of State Hangers to
Put a Stop to the
Abuses.
Precial Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Aug. 12.— Governor J. D.
Sayers received the following telegram
this evening:
LEYNOSA, State of Tamaulipas. Mex.. i
Auk. 12.— 1n the name of law, justice and I
humanity I appeal to you for the protec- i
tion of six citizens of Texas confined in
Hidalgo County Jail, namely, Nicholas
Casares, Marg&rito Casares, Lazaro Ca- ,
■ares, Pedro Casares, Anton*; Casares ami
Marcos Perez, arrested upon complaint of I
John Closner, Sheriff of Hidalgo County, ,
confined in jail, denied communication
With relatives or friends and denied op
portunlty to give bail. The statements .
of four of them show that they have ,
been taken out of jail at night by Sheriff ,
Closner and his deputy and terribly mal
treated for the purpose of extorting con
fessions from them. Lazaro Casares was ;
hanged by the neck until nearly dead; Mar- \
garet Casares was hanged by the neck and i
thumbs; Pedro Casares was hanged by the :
neck. I was employed by their friends to i
defend them. After much trouble I sue- i
ceeded in interviewing them yesterday in i
Jail. They were in fearful condition. |
their necks being torn and lacerated and
their bodies badly bruised.
Then have been held in confinement
Blnce their arrest last Monday without
knowledge of the charges against them. \
For the sake of the lives of the prisoners I
send Rangers from Brownsville to protect :
them from the officers. The examining
trial is set for Monday. For the sake or
humanity and the honor of our State I
implore you to protect these prisoners and
send some one to represent the State who
will see that the trial is held according
to law. I am on the way to Brownsville, ,
mv home, and will reach there to-night, j
W. N. PARKS,
Attorney for Prisoners.
Immediately upon receipt of the tele
gram Governor Sayers ordered a de
tachment of State Rangers toproceedin
haste from Brownsville to Hidalgo and
protect thp prisoners. He also- wired
District Attorney John J. Kleberg of
Brownsville as follows:
I am advised that six Mexican citizen?
of Texas, confined in the Hidalgo County
Jail, have been most cruelly maltreated
•while in custody. Their examining trial
will be held Monday night. Please attend
the court and take charge of the prosecu
tion and see that the prisoners have the
protection guaranteed them by the con
stitution and law.
FIFTEEN CHINAMEN
TO BE DEPORTED
Made Their Way Across the Border
Line From Mexico to
Texas.
AUSTIN. Tex., Aug. 12.— United States
Marshal George Seibrecht of the Western
district of Texas left to-day for San
Francisco, accompanied by several armed
guards, having in charge fifteen China
men sentenced to deportation to China
for violation of the exclusion act.
These Chinamen, who were imported to
Mexico to work on the Mexican Central
railroad, quit their jobs to make their
way into the United States.
NOT MURDERER DUNHAM.
Little Chance That the Louisville
Suspect Is the Man.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 12.— At noon to-day the
! following telegram was received from
; Sheriff Caldwc-11 of Warren County, Ohio,
by Sheriff Langford:
"Netterfield has not been here for years.
He is a bad man. and I think he and
Dunham are the same person."
It appears that there is little ground for
the belief that the Louisville suspect is
: Dunham, for despite Sheriff Caldwell's as
; surance. there could hardly he any con
-1 nection between Netterfield and Dunham.
DR. KILMEB'S BEMEDIES.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery in medical scier.e.
fulfills every wish in promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
i rheumatism and pain in the back. It
! corrects inability to hold water and
i scalding pain in passing it, or bad ef-
; fects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to -,'o often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggist in fifty-
cent and one dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this wonderful
new discovery and a book that tells all
•about it. and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y. When
writing mention that you read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Sun-
day Call.
DR.TRAVERSE,
kin and Venereal Diseases,
DONOHOE BUILDING,
lITO MARKET ST., CO/!. TAYLOR.
Rooms 28-29. Hours 1 to 4 p. m.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/^*^<*Sj2lW}V i Blo* GEARY ST., bet.
4CJ|iWiT?i^i^n r,iftnl> Hyde and Larkln.
J^ " s:^§p§=§/ Palnles s .Extraction..
(f f-w „ M Jilt.\\ Crowns'* """"". •iS.OO
>LJU V, Is T, »Ji>' Flesh-colored Plates..
X-A- njzJ**~~^ 95.0(1
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No student*. If
years' experience.
©"DTTCUICC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
tjt\U OxULlOers. bootblacks, bath-
****• w** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder^, candy-makers, cannera,
dyer*, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
;ianKers. printers. painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
E patents! J
__ 33U MARKET ST. S.F. '^«^L__
f\ a■■ |" /M f• I Corner Fourth and |
UHIL nUInL^ am Ove a^at. La ln 1 d
Valises checked in*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Last
Chance !
m ■ This week has brought a larger ]
1 subscription to Union-Consolidated j
I Oil stock than expected. j
No
More
I Will Be Sold at 1
1 Per Share I
I After August 15. 1
H All who have investigated be- 9
j lieve as we do, that every dollar m
I invested now will be worth at least |
1 a hundred the moment we strike H
I oil. We are right in the wonder- «
a ful Pinoche belt, and the leading B
g experts declare our land positively B
9 oil bearing. Wells are to be sunk fg
B at once and oil is predicted at 600 H
U feet. A few shares purchased now g
h may make a fortune that years of ffi
■ hard work, self-denial and saving n
H coulJ never accumulate. 0
! PROSPECTUS WITH FULL I
I PARTICULARS FREE. |
I UNION CONSOLIDATED I
I OIL and TRANSPOR- I
TATION CO., j
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING I
SAX FRANCISCO. J|
Furniture 3 Carpets !
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially invited. Free
delivery Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
AROXSON FURNITURE COMPANY,
338-340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main 1550.
COPY*IO*T .<•»♦ & . (" >
A SORRY SIGHT
A man's linen is when sent home after
he has taken it to the wrong laundry.
If you want your white or : colored
shirts, your collars and cuffs and your
underwear to be sent home in the pink
of condition, with the finest color and
finish on it that it is possible to achieve,
bring it to the United States Laundry
and be happy.'
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 54-2 Eleventh St.
ipj^ D«. HALL'S REIN YIGORATOR
jj^gf* a EjSfe Five hundred reward for any
B*« *~*tl case we cannot cure. This secret
_ I remedy stops all losses In 2*
_X*3 H26 nour3 - cures Emissions. Impo-
fWfS KiTT tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea.
<AUJ KJSr Gleet. Fits Strictures. Lost
SS'jlPggJi' Manhood and all wasting effects
I— _ ~Z^~ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $,".; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 10i3Vi Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
POklehMter'a English Diamond Brand. '-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<s^v Original and Only Genuine. A.
a //TTv^N ■*". il*ni r'U»bl». LAOiCf. sik /5\
frJS V^AiR. Ornegist for ' Chichtster < BnqlUK !>.<!■ JKS.
U*t£BK4m&.rnoud Brand In Red and Cold tat taltieVVW
T"v .-— T^fijraboxM. «-»i«d with bine ribbon. Take \ST
7*l *4 Svjno oth«r. Refuse dcn;«rot.i rubttitu- v
I / ~ ffftiznsatuHmltatittu. At Dnggim. or scad
I fr- Jf in itampi for p irttcal&ra, tn'.lincßiils aad
V 9* SB " Kollof Tar Ladles," in Utter, by rriarm
■A. If Mall. 1 0,000 T-«timonia:i. ltmcu Paper.
CSei*Jo»l €o..M««iI»n« a ar%
Mi ky all local lingfaf. Pit I L .«. I»A.. ifJT
K*££s&s&>£li'tE ClB *"■ x* non-po'.sonoTn
/iM^^^^mS rcm.'dy for Gonorrhoea.
CCHEb^M Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
«H/ Jo 1 :>& :Icti.^B Whites, unnatural dig*
BTjßm QiarmnutJ \| rhiir^d. or any inflammsv
/?*»Jf not to etrUtnre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■■ r«Tenu contagion. ticn of mucous mom-
KCVheEvANS CHEMiriiTJo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
%^jkciNC:Nf)ATI,O HH Sold ft y I>ru K srM^
«£§&. 0. -. a TBP'T Brnt in plain wrapper,
i>7 t'xpreHs, prepaid, l6i
.. B Otrcaiar Met oa re«aM^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Marktu
■■. ■ i .•■.-■■...■■.ROOT RECOMMENDS
THE ENLISTMENT OF
FIVE NEW REGIMENTS
Secretary Believes a Display of
Troops Will Bring Insur
gents into Subjection.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
Aug. 12. — Secretary Root has again
demonstrated his purpose to vigorously
assist General Otis to suppress the in
surrection in the Philippines by seri
ously considering the enlistment of not
«ss than five, additional volunteer regi
ments.
The exact number to be called for is
one of the matters under considera
tion, and if the recommendation of Gen
eral Miles is adopted the entire volun
teer force authorized by Congress will
be organized and dispatched to Manila,
bo as to bring an end to the rebellion
before the end of the coming dry sea-
Fon. At a conference with Secretary
Root yesterday General Miles urged
That no time be lost in enlisting all of
the 85,000 volunteers authorized. Of this
number 1..4L7. including a battalion of
natives in Porto Rico, will be contained
in the regiments now being organized,
leaving 17,583 who can be recruited and
sent to reinforce General Otis. Prom
General Miles' point of view the moral
effect of the organization of the entire
volunteer force will be beneficial, as it
will prove to the insurgent leaders and
their men the undoubted purpose of the
United States to bring about their
prompt subjection.
Secretary Root has already phown
that he Is in hearty sympathy with the
desire of the President to bring the in-
BUrrectlon to an end with all possible
dispatch, and while General Otis has
not asked for any more men than the
60,000 it has been Intended to send him,
the Secretary believes it will be to the
interest of this Government to have as
large a force as possible in Manila, In
order that the territory conquered by
the American troops may be properly
garrisoned and the rebels thus prevent
ed from reoceupying it.
The great defect of the American
campaign of last spring was due to a
lack of troops to remain )n possession
of the territory from which the insur
gent? had been driven. With thp force
whi^h It "1^ intended to give him the
tary Is confident that General Otis
will be able to drive the insurgents
bsu k and to station enough troops in
rritory conquered to hold it and to
maintain peace and order.
SAMOAN REPORT
RECEIVED BY HAY
Recorded at the State
Department.
CALL'S"SCOOP" ACCENTUATED
PUBLISHED THE DOCTTMENTTWO
WEEKS AGO.
Washington Government a Fortnight
Late in Obtaining the Official
Findings of the Com
mission.
Br<K:lal Dispatch to The Call,
Two weeks ago this morning The
Call published in full the report of
the Samoan Commission and the re
modeled treaty. Not until yesterday ,
did this report reach Washington, j
The excellence of The Call's news ser- ;
vice is illustrated by the fact that it ;
gave to the State Department and to
the world news that was not received |
through official channels until a fort- j
night later.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— The report
of tlt? Samoan Commission was re-
State Department to-day.
i voluminous document, and until
opportunity for the offi
go over it the details will not
ide public. Its essential features
. ii known, however, and include
th<* abolition of the kingship and
the substitution of an administrator, or
: nor General, agreed upon by the
three p >wers, and the adoption of cer
tain measures "f local government
among the natives.
The report was accompanied by a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The little Dutch jv^ jj). \Jc
boy who stopped the /£t&^KL**l iy>
leak in the dike with vJY^sl* (' £»
his finger saved his j\Jf pKr2--^iL-<^»
country from over- Qj'rg£ mmo^'*
whelming destruc- \&( % \)h
tion. Yon have read ,9\ \ M»p»
about him in your / Vi . JimjTY
school readers, how y^ X
he was walking along rop}tf2£3&7 IR?Wl R?W
the dike when he HML feNi
heard a faint sound t\ WW«
of trickling water. tkSpQT tfL\m
and knew at y^nce that
a leak had sprung in that great embank-
ment which saves Holland from the devas-
tations of the hungry sea. It was early in
the night, and no one was near at hand.
The leak was small when he found it, but
he knew that the action of the water would
enlarge it long before morning, and wash-
away the entire embankment, inundate the
country and destroy his own and thou-
sands of homes. So he bravely put his
finger in the crevasse, and kept it there all
the long night through, until help came and
the opening was properly stopped. He had
saved his country. ♦
Equally insignificant is the entrance of
disease into the human system. The be-
ginnings of the most terrible ailments are
bo small they can be easily stopped at the
start. Your health is a dike which keeps
out and stops the inroads of dangerous and
devastating disease. Whenever it breaks
down, no matter how slightly, there is an
opening for disease to enter. " If the open-
ing is not watched, it will grow larger,
until the sweep of disease overwhelms
you, and health and perhaps life is de-
stroyed forever.
Fortify your health with Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery, and you can
defy ill-health. You can make your health
so strong a bulwark that disease cannot
find a crevice through which it can creep.
Taken in time, Dr. Pierces remedies pre-
vent greater and more serious troubles.
Hundreds write daily to Dr. Pierce, telling
him how these remedies have saved them
and made them strong.
Constipation causes and aggravates many
serious diseases. It is speedily cured by
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets.
Such splendid progress has been j
made in recruiting the ten regiments
organized in this country that depart
ment officials have no fear that any
difficulty would be experienced in re
cruiting the additional regiments con
templated. The same methods of re
cruiting would be followed and Secre
tary Hoot considered this after
noon a list of officers to be
placed in command of the con
templated regiments. These offi
cers, if it is decided to organize the reg
iments, will be sent to take the places
of officers of volunteer regiments who
have been engaged in recruiting duty
for the month past.
The ten volunteer regiments were
only 523 short this morning and reports
to be received on Monday are expected :
to show that all the men required for i
these re£pin.-nts have been obtained. Aj
few days' recruiting will be sufficient, j
it is believed, to fill the skeleton regi- j
ments organized by Genera! Otis at Ma
nila, and then recruiting will be con
tinued for the proposed regiments. An
average of more than 500 recruits per
day have been enlisted, so that in two
' time the 6545 men needed for the
five- additional regiments can be ob
tained. In connection with the enlist
ment of additional volunteers, Sere
tary Root has carefully considered the >
question of transportation.
It is his expectation that the entire \
force of 50.000 men heretofore fixed as
the number to be placed at General
Otis' disposal will have reached Manila
by November 1. The vessels carrying j
this force will return to San Francisco I
for additional troops, the Secretary's I
idea being that they will return to San !
Francisco as quickly as possible and
take on board additional troops until ;
the entire number Intended to be at- j
tached to General Otis' command has
been assembled In the Philippines.
General Luddington seems to be confi
dent that no trouble will be experi
enced in getting five additional regi- I
ments over to Manila in time for the j
coming campaign, and a table prepared j
In his office and submitted to the Sec- j
retary shows the approximate dates of ;
arrival and departure of transports
from San Francisco, after they have
discharged at Manila, the regular regi- j
ments and the ten volunteer regiments
already organized.
private letter from United States Com
missioner Bartlett Tripp to Assistant
Secretary Cridler. summing up what
had been done and giving much light on
personal phases of the inquiry. .Mr.
Tripp took occasion to dispose of a re
port that the failure of Mr. Eliot, the
British Commissioner, to return with
the party on the Badger had any in
ternational significance. He said Mr.
Eliot had gone home by way of New
Zealand because he had a sister living
there and desired to visit her. No men
tion was made of the circumstances
leading up to the retirement of Chief
Justice Chambers. Mr. Tripp will not
come to Washington at once, but will
first go to his home in Yankton, S. D.
After going over the report Mr.
Cridler will make a summary to be for
warded to Secretary Hay. Now that
the report is on hand it remains for
the three governments to determine
whether the recommendation of the
committee is to be accepted, and as yet
there has been no step in that direc
tion.
GOLD-BEARING QUARTZ
STRUCK AT ATLIN
Two Lucky Prospectors Believe They
Have Found the District's
Mother Lode.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 12.— The
steamer Tees reached here to-night
! from the north with seventy-eight, pas
! sengers from Dawson, Atlin and other
! points on the Yukon. She had about
■ 1100,000 in gold, pretty evenly distribut
; ed among the passengers, none of hay
; ing large amounts. The Dawsonites
started for the outside on the night of
August 2. and were ten days to the
hour in making the trip. The railway
i company is now running three trains
! daily and the lake and river steamers
i are making close connections, -which
! accounts for the fast time. It is said
i the company has purchased the tram
way around White Horse Rapids, to
obtain the right-of-way, and will im
mediately extend the road down the
I river.
The river steamers Tyrell and Angli
< can, both reported total wrecks, have
i been floated and taken to Dawson.
Sergeant Hislett of the Mounted Police
says all the rough characters are to be
shipped out of the Yukon country be
winter.
Just before the Tees left Skaguay
news was received there of a valuable
quartz find, supposed to be the mother
lode of the Atlin placer deposits. The
find was made by C. A. Anderson and
J. Pearson, prospectors who for weeks
have been out in the Big Horn country-
The lucky miners discovered a ledge of
gold-bearing quartz, which was traced
for some distance and which gave such
j evidences of richness that they Imme
-1 diately staked the ground and left for
Bennett with samples of ore. At Cari
boo Crossing an assay was made by
Chief Engineer Lewis of the railway
company, who was so impressed with
the value of the discovery that he im
mediately supplied provisions to the
two prospectors and a party of his own
men to return at once and locate more
claims.
WHEAT BLOCKADE,
Flood of Grain Pouring Into Stockton
Warehouses.
STOCKTON, Aug. 12.— This was an
other wheat blockade day on the front.
Wagon loads of grain went in a con
tinuous stream all the forenoon to the
warehouses, and before the warehouse
men had disposed of the team grain
wheat began to arrive by rail in train
load lots. Every warehouse on the
front was looking for truckers, and sev
eral of the deckhands on the steamers
left their jobs to go trucking in the
warehouses, where they were paid bet
ter wages. Consequently the mates of
the steamers were out looking for
stevedores. The Dauntless was in need
of six men and the other steamers were
short-handed from two to ten men
each.
The market was slightly better than
it had been for weeks. It assumed a
stronger attitude this afternoon and
considerable milling wheat changed
hands at 1 02%.
Captain Smith seems to be about the
only one doing any business in barley.
He purchased 6000 bags of brewing
goods yesterday and 3000 to-day. All
of his grain he ships to Port Costa for
storage.
Tarnassi Goes to Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 12.— The Pope
is sending Mgr. Tarnassi, the internuncio
Of The Hague, on a special mission to St.
Petersburg.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
YAQUI PLOT
TO DESTROY A
MEXICAN TOWN
Inhabitants Were to Be
Murdered and the City
Burned.
RINGLEADERS SHOT
A Sharp Encounter at Vicain in
Which Thirty-Seven Braves
Were Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GUAYMAS, Mex., Aug. 12.— Advices
received here from an official source
confirm the report that the Mayo In
dians were co-operating with the
Yaquis In the present uprising.
At Huatabampo a plot of the com
bined forces of the Mayos and Yaquis
to attack ;md burn the town was dis
covered. They were to be assisted by
the Mayo and Yaqui residents of the
town, who at a given signal were to
kill their employers and masters. *'
Prudeneio Cruz, a Mayo Indian, be
trayed the plot, and Miguel Cruz,
known as the chief of the cavalry of
the Mayos, and Igrnaeio Jojocoli, chief
of the Yaquis at Huatabampo, were
discovered and captured, together with
the remaining ringleaders.
They were shot on the following
morning, and a guard placed around
the town to prevent the remaining In
dians from leaving and taking part In
the uprising.
A small but well mounted body of
Yaquis attempted to surprise the town
of Cocoraquinto, but were repulsed by
the inhabitants. Among the killed
were found several Mayo Indians, con
firming the rumors of their participa
tion in the present struggle.
MEXICO CITY, Aug. 12. — Official dis
patches received here to-day under
date of Term report two severe battles
between the Mexican troops and Yaqui
Indians. One dated the 10th says:
"To-day General Lorenzo Torres had
a new encounter with the Indian rebels.
The Federal troops came upon the In
dians near the forest surrounding
Vicain and a sharp engagement follow
ed, in which thirty-seven Indians were
killed, while the Federal loss was but
ten men. The operations continue with
great activity and to-day's victory
gives much encouragement."
A dispatch dated the 11th says: "At
5 o'clock this morning General Torres
started out, and with the Twelfth Bat
talion and the National Guard of the
State, came upon the abandoned camp
of the Indians, but, fearing an ambus
cade, sent out scouts to avoid a sur
prise. Soon sharp firing from the In
dians, hidden in the undergrowth, was
experienced and fighting became gen
eral. Tho enemy fled, leaving seventy
dead on the field. General Torres re
ceived a slight wound and thnre were
three killed and thirteen wounded."
SAYS YAQUI WAR WAS
STARTED BY SCHEMERS
LONG BEACH, Aug. 12.— "You may
safely gamble your last cent there is
some big colonization scheme behind all
this Yaqul business," said John A.
Gowan of this city to a Call man to
day. "I have been among the Yaquis for
years," he continued, "have had hun
dreds of them working for me and at
one time could speak their language,
though now a great many of the words
have gone from me. I found* them a
peaceable, industrious class, much bet
ter than the average Indian. They
have their little patches of ground upon
which they raise vegetables and sell
them to the miners and in the small
towns, working between crops at what
ever may come along. Frugality is one
of their characteristics, and it is seldom
indeed you find one of them broke. To
be sure, they drink a little on feast
days, but what better could you expect?
For all they are quiet and peace-loving
these Yaquis will fight when occasion
demands, and do a good job at it, too;
in fact, they are too much for the Mex
ican soldiers, as has been proven on
many a field.
"They own thousands of acres of the
finest land in Mexico, along the Yaqui
River, and for years there have been
hundreds of men looking for some ex
cuse to take it from them. In this, It is
my opinion, will be found the real cause
of this difficulty. Some schemers have
taken advantage of the fact that the
men were full of mescal to embroil
them with prospectors or other intrud
ers, knowing that a war could only re
sult in the opening of the coveted land
to settlement. Then there are the men
who used to draw large salaries from
the Government, to say nothing of the
pickings for feeding the soldiers in the
old war times who have been out of
jobs during the peace. All of them are
naturally anxious to see trouble Btart
ed, and between the two it has been
easy enough to force these unforunate
SAVES A BABE'S LIFE
BUT LOSES HIS OWN
Paul Montgomery of Fort Bragg Sinks to
His Death in the Waters of Lake
Coeur d'Alene,
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 12.— Paul Montgomery of Fort Bragg, Men
docino County, Cal., to-day gave up his life in rescuing the child of
a friend from drowning. Though weak from a long illness, he
sprang from the boat as the child fell into the waters of Lake
Coeur d'Alene. He held the baby above water until those in the
boat could take it from his arms; then, without a cry, totally exhausted,
he sank. His body has not yet been recovered.
Miss Montgomery witnessed her father's brave rescue and its fatal
termination. She was nearly crazed at the occurrence.
Mr. Montgomery leaves a widow and three small children now living
at Fort Bragg. He came north from California "three weeks ago and
was joined here by his grown daughter yesterday. They left the city
this morning for Gem, Idaho, where Mr. Montgomery was to take charge
of a hotel. At the lake they met friends from California and decided to
stay over a day. A boating trip was suggested, and Mr. and Mrs. E. N.
Mason. Mrs. C. Cole, the latter's four-year-old son and Mr. and Miss
Montgomery entered the boat. They were about a mile from shore when
the boy leaned too far over the edge of the boat and fell in.
Montgomery was rowing. He dropped the oars and jumped in after
the child. Several minutes elapsed before those in the boat secured the
oars and rowed to Montgomery. The mother lifted the bcry, who was un
harmed, from Montgomery's arms, and then before those in the boat
could seize him Montgomery sank. He was 52 years old.
PRISON OFFICIALS
IN LEAGUE WITH
THE OPIUM RING
San Quentin Smugglers Fer=
reted Out by Warden
Aguirre.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Aug. 12.—
Warden Aguirre has obtained in
formation leading to the downfall
of the opium "ring," whose opera
tions have led to the death of
many an unfortunate and brought
physical ruin to ten times as
many others. Aguirre's detective work
will result In the discharge of several
officials and guards at the prison.
The only free man suspected of com
plicity in the opium smuggling, whose
name can be ascertained, is C. Pretzel,
a subordinate officer having charge of
what is known as the "hoodoo," or
water-front gang of convicts. Pretzel
is a brother-in-law of* Attorney James
iW. Cochrane of San Rafael. He has
i hitherto enjoyed an unblemished repu
! tation and there are few who will be
lieve that he is guilty of the offense
charged against him unless the evi
dence proves to be of a positive nature.
The three convict ringleaders in the |
smuggling operations— F. L. B&rney,
i James Marshall and C. W. Fiikins— are
now confined in the dungeon, with six ;
or seven of what are known as "mer- j
chants" and "peddlers" of the drug. |
: They will remain there on a diet of {
bread and water until Tho Warden sees
flit to bring the facts before the Prison
i Directors. , , ,
a month ago Aguirre learned
' that Barney, who is serving a seven
! year term from Stanislaus County, was
Smuggling the "hasheesh" through the
gates A watch was kept, which led
to his being arrested in the jute mill.
i together with Marshall, who is serving
: nve years for burglary from San Fran
i Cisco and Fiikins. undergoing the same
term of imprisonment from Los Ang
les for a similar offense. Fiikins
the man who, at Fresno escaped fro
the custody of Deputy Sheriff Barnhi
jnow front-gate keeper at the pnso
and almost succeeded In eluding h
pursuers, though hampered by an Ore
gon boot. All three had quantities c
| opium and hypodermic syringes of pr
! son manufacture on their persons w h*
' arrested. Following their arrest can
that of the "merchants" and ped
dl The secret that officers and guard
were under suspicion has been jealou
lv kept and Warden Aguirre was ex
ceedingly annoyed to-day when h
Yaquis into a position where they feel
they are compelled to fight.
••ill this talk about there being 7000
or SOOO warriors ready to take the field
is no better than rot. They could not
muster more than 500 if the whole tribe
went to war. This exaggeration la but
a part of the general plot and is in
tended to bring as many soldiers as
possible on the ground in order to in
crease the pickings. I remember very
well how it was during the war of 90.
At that time I wanted to visit some
mines the road to which took me di
rectly through the Yaqui country. At
Ortez I made up a party consisting of
a Texan who seemed to be actually
fond'of trouble and two Yaquis ; for
driver and outrider. It took some time
: and not a little 'fixin' ' to secure a pass
through such a troubled country. YV c
went out through San Marcial to Ona
vas on the Yaqui River, near which the
mine was located, and returned to San
Marcial without mishap. Here we
found the country in an uproar, the In
dians being expected every m'nute
The Alcalde positively refused to let
us leave, but by the use of the proper
persuasion and the generous applica
tion of mescal to my Yaquis we man
aged to get out early that night.
•'About half way between San Mar*
cial and Ortez Is a spring known as
Punta de Aqua, which Is celebrated
throughout all that country and a
popular camping ground. %\ hen near it
my outrider came rushing back with
the news that the Indians were near at
hand. Another application of mescal
made my Yaquis bold enough to fight
all the Indians in the Southwest and we
proceeded cautiously in the direction of
the spring. There we found where a
pack train had been held up, the packs
lined up along the side of the road and
the mules taken, but there were no In
dians in sight. From this point we
made a wide detour to Fort La Mesa,
where we had to report before we would
be allowed to enter Ortez. On the way
we heard regular infantry firing on our
left and we knew an engagement was
going on; in fact, when we reached the
i fort they had commenced to bring in
the wounded. The next I heard of this
battle was in the United States, where
the statement was published that there
were some 3000 or 4000 .warriors en
gaged. The number of soldiers at La
Mesa could not have been oyer 50, and
no power on earth could have taken
them out against a tenth part of tho
I number of warriors named. It is per-
I fectly safe to assume that the same
sort "of exaggeration is being practiced
now, and I know it is as I know the
Yaquis cannot muster more than 500
warriors all told. They will put up a
,?ood fight when forced to it, and the
troops will have no bloodless victory,
but I suppose it must result in their ex
I ted that certain phases of the af
had become public property, as he
is that general knowledge of the
r will greatly hamper his investl
>ns.
c first Inkling the attaches of the
n got that Pretzel was suspected
; when "Tim" Whelan, serving a
sentence for murder from San
icisco, had been removed from the
doo" gang and set at work m the
mill. This was a strategy, which,
as thought, would result in Pret
zel's detection, as "Whelan was regarded
as his right bower in the smuggling
operations. So far nothing more than
ifflcera had already learned, prior
to Wh-iun's removal from the "hoodoo"
gang, has been discovered regarding
Pretael — a fact strengthening the be
■f his friends that he is innocent.
Positive evidence against two guards
and another official, occupying a good
position, has been obtained and the only
reason why they have not been dis
charged and prosecuted on a felony
charge is said to be a desire to pro
cure better evidence against the only
man known at this time to be con
nected with the affair.
• While I am willing to admit that Mr.
Pretzel is known in certain quarters to
rest under suspicion in this affair be
cause Whelan was placed inside," said
3 prison official rfigh in authority to
day, "let it be understood that we do
not definitely charge him with being
| mixed up in the smuggling. However,"
with a significant gesture — "where
there is so much smoke there is bound
to be a little fire, and the public will be
made acquainted with what we have
discovered as s"o n as we are through
with our investigating."
When Pretzel was mode acquainted
with the fact that he had been watched
closely for three weeks on suspicion of
opium smuggling, he was dumfounded.
"I have never tried to smuggle an
ounce of opium into the prison," he
said, "and the knowledge that I am
suspected almost tak<>s my breath
away. I was responsible for Warden
Hale obtaining quantities of opium
from the 'cons' on two occasions, and
can hardly see how anybody would
suspect me. Yes, T was surprised when
Whelan was removed from the 'hoo
doo' gang and no reason given me, but
did not consider it my place to ask why,
if Warden Aguirre did not see fit to
volunteer the information. He has
never sent for me and I was ignorant
entirely of what was going on."
termination and the turning over of
their lands to the groedy speculators
who have hungered for them so long."
ARMS SENT YAQUIS
FROM CONNECTICUT
PAX ANTONIO, Aug. 12.— Late news
from the scene of the Yaqui rebellion In
Mexico was brought here to-day by
Haden Sanderson, proprietor of thf> Sn
nora Gold Company, who is here on Ms
way to his home in Alabama. Mr. San
di reon says the Mexican Governmont's
first intimation that the Yaqul's were
planning a rebellion came through the
seizure of a lot of arms that had been
shipped from some factory in Massachus
etts, billed as miner? 1 outfit and supplies.
The day before Mr. Sanderson left Guay
mas. lie pays, the secret service police
seized about 100 rifles and several thou-
Band rounds of ammunition which had
been shipped from some Connecticut fac
tory. He said the Mexican Government
would lodge a protest at "Washington and
tl at aln aay the scrutiny of goods passing
the custom-house has been doubled and
trebled.
NO UPRISING IN THE
UPPER YAQUI VALLEY
NOGALBS, Ariz., Aug. 12.— George Look,
right of way ageni of the Rio Grande,
Sierra Mrulre and Pacific Railroad, passed
through here to-day en route north. He
F:u'd reports from Texas to the effect that
the Yaqui Indians are driving miners from
Guaynopa, Guaynoplta, Cuuichupa and
other mining camps in the upper Yaqui
Valley are untrue. No Yaquis are em
ployed in that region, and the scene of the
trouble 1b 150 miles southwest of there. He
says no disturbances of any kind have oc
curred, and mining and agricultural opera
tions are not affected.
ENTICES YOUNG GIRLS
INTO HER RESORT
Notorious Ruby Raymond Arrested at
San Jose on a Warrant From
San Francisco.
PAX JOPTC. Aup. 12.— Ruby Raymond,
keeper of a resort at 10 Orchard street,
was arrested this evening on a warrant
Issued In Judge Mogan'g court in San
Francisco on a charge of enticing young
girls from their homes. The complain
ant is Mrs. Anna L. Danforth of San
Francisco, who accuses the woman of
having enticed her daughter, Cora
Mothela, 15 years old, to her resort.
The Raymond woman was arrested by
Officers Haley and Monroe and lodged
in the City Prison. Bail is fixed at
53000 cash or $5000 security.
A few days ago the police rescued
Cora Methela, the complainant's daugh
ter, who passed as Virgie Myers, and
Daisy Miller of Oakland, aged 17, from
the place conducted by Ruby Raymond
and returned them to their homes. The
house has been the most notorious in
the city and hardly a week passes but
that the police are requested to search
it for missing girls from San Francisco.
Ruby Raymond probably will be taken
to San Francisco to-morrow to answer
to the charge.
AGED FARMER BRUTALLY
BEATEN BY PICNICKERS
Fifteen of the Party in Jail Await
ing the Outcome of His
Injuries.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— Fifteen young
women and half a dozen boys and men I
arc prisoners at Irving Park police station j
ponding an investigation which may re
sult in a charge of murder being placed
again.st one or more of their number.
Henry J. Stevens. 50 years old, a farmt-r,
lies in a physician's office in Jefferson, in
jured so severely it is thought he cannot
recover as a result of an encounter with
a picnic party of young people from Jef- j
ferson and Mayfair. the members of
which are now in the custody of the j
police.
The assault followed a collision between
Stevens' wagon and a hay wagon in which
the picnickers were riding. A quarrel en
sued, which culminated in the farmer
being laid to earth with a fractured skull
and severe internal injuries. The police
say they have evidence that most of the
blows were struck by P. L. Ixmgfellow of
Jefferson.
Troop L at Seattle.
SEATTLK. Aug. 12.— Troop L of the
Third Cavalry arrived to-night and went
into camD at Woodland Park, where it
will be joined by the remaining seven
troops which will have arrived here by
Monday night. The troops will sail for
Manila August 20.
CLAIRVOYANT.
MRS. DR. CLARK, THE OCCULT WONDER.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 1023' 2 MARKET STREET, !VEAR 6IXTH.
No matter what trouble you may have with yourself or others, come and she will guide
you. She advises you with a certainty higher thnn human power.
IT'S NOT WHAT SHE HAS DONE FOR OTHERS, BUT WHAT SHE WILL DO FOR YOU.
She is a living connection between the unseen existence and this world. She can read
the Innermost thoughts of souls, see the past, present and future as In a mirror, and by her
mysterious power <an tell huw to avert evil, how to succeed in business and obtain good
fortune. She locates mines and buried treasure-, minerals, old estates, lost friends, etc.
CONCERNING BUSINESS AFFAIRS.
She gives dates, facts and figures, reliable and important advice and information on all
1 matters of interest In business transactions, lawsuits, contested wills, life Insurance, dam-
age suits, divorces, deeds, mortgages, claims, collections, speculations, adventures, gold
mining, stocks and all financial difficulties. Truly predicts the success or failure of new in-
ventions, patents, pending pension claims, etc.; tells whether you will receive fair dealings
with partners. If you care to know what business you shall follow to be successful, where
you should go and whom to avoid; if you intend to make any changes or to start a busi-
ness, buy or sell property, or, in fact, take any important step, don't fail to consult Dr.
Clark. Her advice may be the means of saving you thousands of dollars and a great deal
of trouble.
Remember your prospects of to-day may be your fortune to-morrow if rightly handled.
LOVE OR COURTSHIP.
If affairs of the heart or emotions of love interest you, she gives exact and truthful
revelations of all love affairs, settles lovers' quarrels, enables you to win the esteem and
affection of any one you desire, causes speedy and happy marriages; tells if the one you
love Is true; also date of marriage; restores lost affection, peace and confidence to lovers
and discordant families; gives you the full secret how t<. control, fascinate and charm the
one you love; also those you meet, and how to make a person at a distance think of you.
ASSISTANCE FOR TROUBLED OR UNFORTUNATE.
If you are in trouble of any kind, discontented, unhappy, or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic or love or business troubles, you will be told how to overcome all trouble. Your
wish and object in life can be obtained. A SECRET you should know the power to control.
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST.
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with special terms. All
business sacred and confidential! Sickness, losses, deaths, etc., will b° omitted from your
reading at your request, otherwise everything, good and bad. will be given.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023 1 , MARKET Si REE f, M-Atf SIXTH
LOBENGULA GETS
A WHITE WIFE
Miss Jewell Weds the
Black Prince.
Special ( able to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— "The black mar- j
riage" — that is, the union between j
Prince Lobengula, who was performing
jat Earlscourt, and a young Jewish
; heiress, Miss Jewell, has really come
: off. Some pronounce it disgusting, i
1 others "a downright scandal."
Nobody believed the story of the be- j
trothal. They considered the idea of j
the black prince getting a white wife
Bimply a joke and an outcome of the
notoriety which the Matabele has i
gained as a lady-killer because the
1 manner in which he had been taken ■
i about by ladies occupying good places
j In society had become quite a scandal, i
: There was no hiding that.
Only the other day his dusky highness
1 was to be seen in Hyde Park, lolling
: negligently beside a pretty society
woman in a victoria drawn by a fine
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, B— Curious Hudyan
Cures — Note the Numbers.
Are you pale, weak, nervous or .^^s
emaciated? If so, you are anae- / _t^S-^|
mic;, you may go into decline. 1 J5^ _«&» ~T^
Anaemia is often a forerunner of f\ l-sT'S^-^ijl
consumption. £^. /*" *^p^*s^
If you are anaemic then your y t . v """~ /^&^"" < O *i^
blood is thin and watery and is I ) j^f^ ' —
deficient in those rich, red ele- jBSBfBJte*. " .i* "' "I
ments that make flesh and that — *#^^^f-^^**?i3? i^^^^
Men may suffer from anaemia P^|^S|%^*^' l^^^*^^ I
as well as women. In women M^~*%^.'i: ... ' . .--
anaemia is usually a complication «ll.^s^^^^fe^^^^^^
of female weakness and such dls- «^^v^^-SbS?P^^^S^^? I
orders as are peculiar to women. |j
HUDYAN is a positive cure for jfOltf &«^*i§3ill[ I n I
anaemia. HUDYAN makes rich, Hl^in!^*l^^l^ >^^^ I
red blood, which in turn gives a R^*^^s'%^^^^^^*mL
healthy glow to all pale and wan F^f^W^s^^^^^^^ i^W
complexions. Those who take */ _^P^^p^i^P^^_|
HUDYAN gain remarkably in J^-/-^^^^^^^^^^o^^^
Know for yourself your condi- __Wl\ \M^_^_p^H_
tion: Headaches (Fig. 1), sunken fir/ 'U^MigML_3M
eyes and dark circles under eyes «Bg9B^___s___^*:^p^m^^^
(Fig. 2). emaciation and paleness *^^^^^^^^^_|j^^
(Fig. 3), coated tongue (Fig. 4),  y/-^_-
palpitation of heart (Fig. 5), dis- HUDYAN 5O CENTS.
ordered digestion (Fig. 6), torpid ALL DftuC ciSTS.
liver (Fig. "), weakness of ex-
tremities (Fig. 8-8)— All these symptoms indicate anaemia. ■-'-..•;
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 1 because it relieves the congestion or anae-
mia of the brain.
Figs. 2 and 3 because HUDYAN makes rich, red blood, which in turn
gives muscle and a glow of health.
Fig. 4 because HUDYAN corrects the digestive functions.
' Fig. 5 because HUDYAN tranquilizes the nerves that govern the ac-
tion of the heart.
Fig. 6 because HUDYAN strengthens and stimulates to perfect ac-
tion the little glands that furnish the digestive juices.
Fig. 7 because HUDYAN stimulates the liver gently.
Fig. 8 because HUDYAN establishes a perfect circulation of blood
that is rich in nutritive elements.
x ♦■ HUDYAN is for men and women. If
MEN AND WOMEN you observe any of the above symp-
advised FREE. Toms, then take HUDYAN, for HUD-
CALL OR write. TAN will cure you.
__+ HUDYAN is for sale by druggists—
" 50c a package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
CORNER STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS.
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR
CASE, FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR t WRITE.
pair of horses, and many people testify
to his having been driven around in
open carriages on the pretext of seeing
the mint and other places of interest
by ladies whose names are familiar in
the upper circles.
But this hero-worship of the stalwart
Matabele had almost run its course.
The scandal had begun to attract the
attention of the more level-headed
members of society. Disgusted, they
started to raise a storm of ridicule
which they hoped would soon end, to
put it very mildly, this very stupid
craze, not anticipating 1 that it would
end so melodramatically.
On Thursday the bride and bride
groom tried to get married at St.
Matthias' Church, Earlscourt, but thero
was a hitch. The clergyman, it is said,
would not perform the ceremony. He
asked whether Lobengnla was a Chris
tian and if he did not have some black
wives already.
It was all fixed up on Friday, how
ever, in a registry office, and the
strangely matched pair went off for
their honeymoon, en route, it is said,
and hoped, for South Africa. Society is
truly shocked. It is a lesson. If a sav
age chief ever comes here again for
show purposes ladies will probably be
more chary of drawing all eyes upon
them by making a hero of him. for they
are not likely to forget the Lobengula
romance.
Death of Judge Ingersoll.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 11.— Judge E. In
gersoll. one of the lenders of the Cleve*
land bar. died to-day at Moose. Head
Lake, Maine, at the age of 72 years.
34
INSURGENTS
GAIN MANY
SUPPORTERS
Followers of Jiminez Capture
a Government Supply
Train.
CUBANS IN SYMPATHY
Agents of the Dominican Rebel En
listing Men and Buying Arms
Around Santiago.
Ppp^ial Cable to The Call and the New York
H»rnM. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Aug. 12.—
i insurgents to
day crossed in- Taque River un-
Ileuses. Tn
mment
losi eighteen men killed.
but th( re were no fatalities
.- ■ ■
A dispatch from Banica an
it the entire province
of X- ■■ ■ rise in favor
■ ral Jiminez. General Tor
exp< cted from
sume command of the
runt.
CAPE HAYTTEN, Hayti. Aug. 12 —
The i >ny here is active in
insurrectionary movement. Many
with arm? and ammunition have
Insurgents n^ar Monte
.1 skirmishes are report
at Dajabun, near Monte
Chrisi
A Government convoy of arms and
ammunition and dispatches from Gov
r.ardo of Monte Christi was
captured on Thursday. Among the let
ters was one from President Figuero
and one f: , Minister
riculture and Public Works. The
refers to the President as old
and feeble, and declares his determina
the constitution, al
_h he might have made himself
.^nt.
Latest reports show that Fort Belen,
a stronghold of Dajabon, has been
taken by the revolutionists of Santo
Ingo. Evarist Rodiques, command
:. was killed, and Rich
is in hiding. The family of Isaac
T. Petit, United States consular agent
at Monte Christi. San Domingo, has ar
rived here. Its member? report a gen
eral exodus and some firing in the
if Monte Christ! when
'.eft.
SANTIAGO. Au=r. 12.— Upon the best
authority I am informed that agents of
the Dominican revolutionist, Isidoro
re at work among Cuban sol
pg to receive pay
from the United States in various small
towns - ntlago. They are buy
ins: arms and as much ammunition as
is possible, and are hiring all
available men to engage In the revolu-
Idiers. The fact that the
American authorities have had no
strict order? relative to the relinquish
• of arms make it possible to pur
chape any rifles and other arms with
out affecting the Cuban's chances of
tent.
My informant, who is a prominent
Cuban, says this purchase of arms and
engaging of men are going on in all
towns on th» southern coast. The in-
tf-ntion If believed to be to start expe
ditions from various points simul
in fishing boats and small
fruiters from Jamaica. Th»re is ap
parent iy considerable sympathy among
lubana with the revolutionists of
Santo. Domingo.
Jiminez is worth nearly $14,000,000. H*
•xiled by Heureaux, and has be
hind him the richest property-owners in
Santo Domingo.
PUERTO PLATA, Aug. 12.— The au
thorities here have received a cabl*
saying Jiminez, with a revolutionary
expedition, has left Havana. A Dorcln
cruiser left here yesterday to in
rty. A small revolution
ary movement Is reported in Monte
i, which the Government expects
to su] i m, as the rebels hat
nion and no arms. The rest of the coun
try is quiet.
ARMSTRONG LOSES.
Judge Jacobs Orders That He Be Re
turned to Chicago.
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— Judge Jacobs this
morning denied the application of Wil
liam J. Armstrong, the Chicago fugitive,
for a writ of habeas corpus, and ordered
him returned to Chicago. He allowed an
appeal from his decision, however, and
gave the petitioner's attorney ten days
in which to perfect one. pending which
time he ordered the Sheriff of the county
to hold the prisoner.'
In passing on the case Judge Jacobs
took occasion to criticize the papers on
which it is- proposed to extradite the
prisoner. He said the original affidavit
filed against the defendant in the Justice
court was not a charge of a crime at all,
and was absolutely worthless. This dif
ficulty, however, was obviated by the in
dictment which was found Yfy the Grand
Jury. The certificate of authentication,
th'-Vourt said, was not so full as it might
be, but he did not consider the objec
tions sufficient to warrant the release of
the prisoner.
Armstrong's attorneys announced to the
court that an appeal from his decision
would be taken to the State Supreme
Court.
■I (I R.B.nAYDEw i H
CHARLES MEINECKE &CO. «
|) %&* SAw"fRANCI3CO. CALJ^j, j|
NEBRASKA BEGINS
A WAR ON TRUSTS
Standard Oil Company the First
to Be Attacked Ur>der th>e
New Law.
9 OMAHA, Ausr. 12.— Attorney General Smyth to-day began proceed-
P Ings In the District Court of this county against the Standard Oil Com
j£ pany under the Nebraska anti-trust law. He asks that the company.
»« which he alleges ia a trust and controls the price at which petroleum and
« its products are to be sold, be ousted from the State and enjoined from
-* doing business therein. The petition not only names the Standard Oil
t' Company as defendant but a number of other firms and corporations
V which are alleged to be owned and controlled by the Standard Oil Com
%. pany.
". The Attorney General announced his intention to bring similar action
£► against other alleged combines as soon as possible.
HERMIT GARCIA
DIES UNATTENDED
Monterey County Re
cluse Summoned.
HATED ALL THINGS AMERICAN
FOUGHT WITH THE MEXICANS
AGAINST FREMONT.
Following the Annexation of Califor-
nia He Retired to the Upper
Carmel Valley to Live
Alone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
M'^'NTERET, Aug. 12.— Another repre- !
sentailve of the old regime in California— |
a man whose stanch adherence to the ,
former order of things has made the
; American California ways so distasteful
; that for many years he has lived the life
! of a recluse— has passed away.
Jose Antonio Garcia was found lying
I dead in the woods near his home in the .
Upper (..'armel on Thursday afternoon.
i As considerable mystery surrounded the j
grewpome find, many believed there had j
: been foul play. Coroner H. V. Muller waa
i notified, and by his direction the body :
was brought to Monterey yesterday morn-
An inquest was held in the aftf-r
--: noon. The investigation showed that the
■ old man had heen ailing for some time,
having been subject to spasms and faint
: ing spells. Feeling better on Wednesday,
he had gone out into the woods to gather
' faggot?. Nothing more was seen of him
until his body was found the following
day. It is believed- the unwonted exertion
of gathering the faggots brought on an
attack of weakness, from which he could
1 not recover. The jury brought in a ver
dict of death from old age and exhaus
tion.
Garcia was a native Californian of
-h parentage and was prominent as
a fighter under General de Castro during
! the war between Mexico and the V
Si tes. He took a lending part with the
body of <"alifornians who besieged Gen-'
eral Fremont and his command in the
Gabilan Mountains just before the Ameri
can occupation of Monterey, and fought
i on the Mexican side* throughout the war.
I He was in his r-ighty-thlrd year when he
died and had lived tor nearly forty years
in a secluded cabin on the Upper
Carmel River. He had a son and daugh
ter living in Monterey, Mit could never be !
; induced to make his home with either of ;
, them. Ke rarely came to town during the
1 latter years of hi.s life.
The interment took place to-day from
San Carlos Mission Church in this city,
Rev. Father R. M. Mestres officiating.
REED AND CROKER
ARE HOME AGAIN
Neither of Them Will Give Any In- j
formation Regarding His Plans
for the Future.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Among th»
passengers on the St. Paul, which ar
rived here to-day from Southampton
and Cherbourg, were ex-Speaker
Thomas B. Reed, Senator W. J. Sewell
of Xew Jersey, Richard Croker and ;
Daniel Frohman. A reporter tried to
Interview ex-Speaker Reed, but he did ,
not have much success.
"There is a rumor that you are going
back to Washington. Is it true?" asked
the reporter.
"Is there? Well, just now I'm going
up to Maine," said Mr. Reed.
The ex-Speaker was asked whether
he intended to become a resident of
New York, but he declined to answer
the question. He also declined to ex- j
press an opinion as to the result of the j
J'eace Conference at The Hague.
Mr. Croker was sorry the Mazet com
mittee had adjourned.
"I'd like them to keep right on," he
said. "They are making ten thousand
Democrats a day in New York city and
State and the longer they keep up the
good work the better it will be with the
party."
Mr. Croker refused to say anything
as to his plans. He did not know, he
said, whether he would go to Saratoga
to confer with the other Democrats
who are there or not.
DEWEY'S FLAGSHIP
WILL BE REMODELED
The Auxiliary Cruiser Dixie Will Be
Made a Seamen's Train
ing Ship.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: The
; Navy Department has practically de- j
j cided to send the cruiser Olympia, upon
her arrival home, to the Boston Navy
Yard for repairs. It Is understood to be
the Intention to give the vessel a thor
ough overhauling and to modernize her,
as is being done in the casp of the
Raleigh and will be done with the j
Boston upon her return. It is probable ;
that the flag quarters now on board the |
i ship will be removed, as is being done .
in the caae of the San Francisco, so '
that Admiral Dewey will probably be
the last flag officer to fly his Hag on j
board that ship.
The report of the Board of Inspection i
and Purvey on the changes to bo made
I on the auxiliary cruiser Dixie to make '
her a seaman's training ship has been !
received by the department and Acting
Secretary Allen will immediately ap- i
prove It. The Dixie will be fitted up as
promptly as possible and will perform
a similar duty to the Hartford, which
will carry 300 green men obtained from ,
! the interior around the Horn and train
| them in Qfetr duties on hoard ship. By
the establishment of schools of this '
| character the department expects to be
able to get an ample number of trained
men for service on board regular men
of-war.
The St. Paul's Fast Run.
NEW YORK. Aim. 12. -The American
line steamer St. Paul, Captain Jamison,
fif.m Southampton and <'herbourg, ar
rived h°-e early this morning. Tne St.
Paul'B time from Cherbourg was 6 days
18 hours one? 54 minutes, 2 hours and 53
minutes better than her best previous
trip. The beet lecord from Cherbourg to
New York Is 5 days 21 hours and 8 min
utes, inado by the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse.
THE SAN FHANrisro CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
FRANK HANOVER
GAINS FREEDOM
Charge of Bribery Is
Dismissed.
TIME PROVES HIS FRIEND
STATUTE OF LIMITATION PRE
VENTS THE TRIAL.
Gregory Faction in Round Valley De
clares That It Is in Possession of
Positive Proof of His
Guilt.
Pr*clal Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, Aug. 12.— Frank Hanover,
! the alleged perjurer and briber in the
trial of the Littlefleld lynchers, was dis
charged this morning on motion of the
prosecution on the ground that the
action was barred by the statute of
limitation. Vigorous protestations by
the defense were overruled and Hano
ver was dismissed.
The friends of Gregory, now serving a
, twenty-year sentence for complicity in
the lynching, feel deeply disappointed,
and declare that but for the bar of lim
itation Hanover would be held to an
swer to the charge of bribery. The affi
davits in the hands of Brophy are, they
1 insist, strong proof of the guilt of Han
over. In the affidavits of George, Grant
and John Cooper and May Cooper,
sworn to before Justice of the Peace
Snelling of Paskenta, Tehama County,
-it is declared that Hanover offered
them $40 to swear against Gregory.
Robert Henecker of 117 Steuart street,
San Francisco, deposes that he heard
Hanover attempting to bribe a certain
person in Covplo. The person's name
is purposely withheld, as his testimony
will be used in the coming trial of Hay
den and Radcliffe.
E. G. Reed, an attorney of promi
nence and now residing at Redding, is
charged with having attempted to
suborn the perjured testimony of sev
eral witnesses, assuring them that if
they would give the kind of evidence
wanted by Deputy Attorney General
Post all the men would be cleared, ex
cepting Gregory and Crow. Reed was
1 the attorney for Van Horn and Crow
at the first trial.
Former Deputy Sheriff Bnx of Trin
ity County is another man that is ac-
I cused in a number of affidavits as hav
| ing bribed witnesses.
Vigorous efforts will be made by the
' Gregory faction to have the Hanover i
I affidavits admitted in the coming trial
of Radcliffe and Hayden.
GENERAL SEAMANS
INDULGES IN POLITICS
Prison Directors Read a Letter From
the National Guardsman to
Warden Aguirre.
FAN QUENTIN PRISON, Aug. 12.—
1 W. H. Keamans, adjutant general of the
I National Guard, is not averse to doing
I a little politics, even in his official ca
! pacity, a fact illustrated by a letter
from him to Warden Aguirre, which
was read at to-day's session of the !
Board of State Prison Directors. The I
; letter afforded the board a good deal of
i amusement.
The Warden deems It expedient to
' purchase a Gatling gun for the new
I guard post to be erected in place of
j the old liberty post, and with that end
jin view has been in communication
■with the Oakland Iron Works. Finding
it necessary to wait some time before
.: Gatllng gun could be purchased,'
i Aguirre wrote to Adjutant General •
Seamans, and asked if the National '
Guard could not loan one to the prison
i authorities until a new gun could be
! bought. In response, Seamans stated
in his official capacity, that he would
] see if such a thing were possible. He
invited Aguirre to call upon him for a
j favor at any time, and in conclusion
said:
"By the way, do you think you
could find a place down there for an
ex-Unipn Boldiler — an honest, able-bod
| led man, competent to meet, all require
ments? I would like to hear from you
as soon as convenient."
The board decided to put two bath
houses in the prison yard at a cost of
$1000.
Leon Dennerv appeared before the
board and asked for a parole for Her
man Cohen, who has one and a half
years to serve on a six-year sentence
for an assault to murder in San Fran
cisco. Action was postponed until the
next meeting.
OBJECT TO LADY
CHURCHILL'S ENGAGEMENT
Friends of Both. Families Using In
fluence to Have It
Broken.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— The engagement
of Lady Randolph Churchill to young
Lieutenant L. G. M. Cornwallis-West,
brother of the Princess of Pless, Is
meeting with the most violent opposi
tion. The Marlborough family Is quite
furious at her, while Lieutenant Corn
wallie-West'fl family is denying the en
gagement everywhere and has out Lady
■Randolph Churchill dead. All Influence
is being brought to bear in the matter.
The Prince of Wales even went tn see
the Cornwall}*- Wests, . especially to
talk It over, and h*» also spoke to Lady
Randolph Churchill on the subject.
But, nevertheless, the engagement has
not yet been broken off.
Southern Pacific Loses.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 12.— The. sec
ond condemnation suit of the Southern
Par! fie- Railroad Company against C. T.
Mathison for a right of way for a branch
road from Guadalupe to the xugar fac
tory near Santa Maria was ended to-day,
when the jury brought in a verdict for
the defendant and against the railroad
company. Mathison sot nearly all he
asked for and more than he hoped for.
The road takes four and a half acres of
grazing land and pays $100 an acre for
the land and $1600 damages.
STRUCK OFFICERS
WITH A PICKAX
Lady Frances Broome
on Trial.
DEFIED SANTA BARBARA LAW
PREVENTED THE DESTRUCTION
OF A HEDGE.
It Encroached Upon the Street, but
the Fiery English Woman Would
Not Permit It tc
Be Razed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 12.— The
trial of Lady Frances Broome was
called to-day and at 6 o'clock to-night
j the last of the twelve jurors was sworn.
■ Lady Broome is charged with having
resisted and interfered with an officer
in the discharge of his duty. Early
last April the City Council ordered the
City Marshal to remove a hedgr**, which,
according to the survey of the City Sur
veyor, was in the street, and which
Mrs. Broome insisted was on her prop
erty, according to an older survey.
This hedge Lady Broome had refused
to remove, nor would she allow, any
one else to remove it, threatening to
I carry the contest to the United States
, courts, which right she had as a Brit
ish subject.
On April 13 the Marshal and several
! deputies went to the place and
i proceeded to remove the obstruc
tions. Lady Broome and her gardener,
a Spaniard named Valenzula, stood
guard, ready to offer resistance. She
ordered them off her property, and
when they refused to move she picked
up a pickax and struck Walter Rich
ardson, a deputy, and th^n made a rush
j at Marshal Martin, striking him also.
; She and her gardener were put under
! arrest and taken to the City Jail. Bail
1 was offered her, but she refused to take
lit or to consult an attorney. She was
locked in the tanks for a few hours
1 and finally was allowed to go on hex
own recognizance. She refused to pro
'■ cure counsel until this trial. Judge
Crowley of San Francisco is defending
, her. She maintained that all the local
; attorneys were prejudiced against her.
I She was accompanied in court to-day
by Ellwood Cooper.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffices and Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— Navy
Department will open bids for general
supplies for Mare Island navy yard on
August 22.
Postofflces have been established at
Afognak and Nushagak, Alaska. E.
Chrlstensen and Samuel H. Rock were ap
pointed Postmasters.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War acting Assistant Surgeon
Fred M. Barney, bavins; relinquished the
unexpired portion of his leave of absence,
will proceed from New YorK to San Fran
cisco and report to the commanding gen
eral of the Department of California for
assignment to duty. .
Captain Sylvanus G. Orr, assistant
quartermaster, recently appointed, will
proceed without delay to San Francisco
and report to Major Oscar F. Long for in
structions and will proceed thence to the
Philippines on one" of the transports.
Private John Frank, Battery O, Third
Artillery. Presidio, San Francisco, is
transferred to Battery G, stationed at the
Philippine Islands. He will be sent to that
station. _, _, „ .
Second Lieutenant Charles M. Duffy of
the Volunteer Signal Corps will proceed
from Angel Island to San Francisco and
thence by transport to the Philip
pine Islands, In command of such signal
corps troops as may be designated by the
commanding general of the Department
of California. _
Saddler Clarence O. Perry, Troop X,
First Cavalry, Niobrara, Nebr., Is trans
ferred as private in the Fourth Cavalry.
He will be sent to the Presidio, California,
and will report upon -his arrival to the
commanding officer, who will furnish him
transportation to the Philippines.
Hospital Steward Richard S. Noaks,
now at Fort Bliss. Texas, will be sent to
San Francisco and will report to the de
partment commander for transportation
to the Philippine Island 3.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Charles D.
Noble will accompany recruits ordered
from Columbus, 0.. to San Francisco, and
on completion of this duty will return to
his proper station.
Pensions— California— Original: Nason 1.
Farnham, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; Je
rome Carroll, Sacramento, $12; Daniel Ma
honey, San Bernardino, $10; Francis O.
Adair. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, tit);
Max Korner. Eastland, $6; Thomas Rich
ards. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $'.0;
Henry R. Blanchard. Santa Cruz. $& La
crease: Daniel J. Fetzer. Garvanxa, *3
to $12; John Leonard, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles. $8 to $12; Archibald H. Wilson,
Hurleton. $1« to $17. Reissue: William
Doliber, San Francisco. $8. Original
widows, etc.: Catherine E. Cooper, San
Diego, $8.
Oregon— Original: John A. Confair. Ore
gon City. $6. Original widows, etc.: An
na R. Hansee, Portland, $8.
Washington— Original: Delos AckJey.
Wayside. %t.
ROCA WILL BE A
GUEST OF HONOR
Extensive Preparations for the Re
ception of the Argentine Presi
dent at Petropolis.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Aug. 12.-Presi
dent Roea of the Argentine Republic,
who arrived here Tuesday last, is to
pay a visit to Petropolis, a town twen
ty-five miles north of this city. He
will be received by Governor Torres
and will witness a review of the State
military forces. A banquet is to be
given in his honor at the summer pal
ace at Petropolis.
Colonel Charles Page Bryan. United
Stfif-'s Minister to Brazil, will hold a
grand reception at 4 o'clock this after
noon In honor of the visiting Argen
tine newspaper men and to-night will
entertain them with a ball and ban
quet, followed by a reception. This
city is crowded with visitors.
The members of the diplomatic corps
were present yeLterday at a grand re
view held in the city of San Christoval,
in the State of Sergipe. It was also
witnessed by President Roca, Presi
dent Campos de Sallys of Brazil, the
officers of the Brazilian army and the
officers of the Brazilian and Argentine
fleets now in these waters. It is esti
mated that 100,000 persons watched the
maneuvers. •
At a banquet given in the evening
those present included the Minister of
War, forty marshals and superior gen
erals, a number of admirals and eighty
officers of lower rank. The affair waa
very successful.
• Minister Bryan has visited the Argen
tine fleet which accompanied President
i Roca here and received the honors due
'to his position. The Senate, the Cham
ber of Deputies, the City Council, the
Chamber of Commerce, the judicial tri
bunals and the various public depart
ments have decided to adjourn during
i the stay of President Roca.
The Argentine Legislature hag tele
i graphed to President Campos de Salles
i the thanks of Argentina to the Govern
ment and people of Brazil for the en
thusiastic reception which was ten
dered to President Roca.
i —
Lillian Lewis Dead.
FARMINGTON. Minn.. Aug. 12.— Lillian
Lewie, an actress of national reputation,
died here last night of consumption.
DIET READY FOR
THE CANAL BILL
The Government Party
Hopes It Will Pass.
FRICTION WITH HUNGARY
OBJECTION TO THE GROWING
SLAVONIC ASCENDENCY.
Relations Between Germany and
France Are Steadily Growing
More Pleasant — Storm*
in East Prussia.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Aug. 12.— The Diet reas
sembles on August 16. Prince Yon Ho
henlohe, the Imperial Chancellor, and
Dr. Yon Miquel, Vice President <rf the
Council and Minister of Finance, will
return to attend the sessions, which will
decide the fate of the canal bill, and
will throw the combined weight of their
influence in favor of the measure. The
Government hopes the bill will pass
by a sufficient majority, especially
since Emperor William took occasion
at the opening of the Dortmund-Ems
canal to emphasize again the great
need of such a new network of com
munication. The ceremonies at the
opening of the canal yesterday were
quite imposing, and were intended to
mark the importance of the new water
way. The canal is 270 kilometers long,
over S feet deep and 95 feet wide at the
top and 57 feet wide at the bottom. It
will enable vessels of 900 tons to go di
rect from the Baltic. Bremen and Ham
burg to the new Dortmund harbor,
where they can discharge their cargoes
150 kilometers inland.
Germany's relations with Austria-
Hungary are the theme of much news
paper comment this week. The fact
that Prince Yon Hohenlohe, contrary
to custom, since he became Chancellor,
has not met Count Goluchowski, the
Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister,
this year to talk over the "policy of the
two empires," and the further fact that
Emperor Francis Joseph in passing
through Aussee did not find time to get
off the train to welcome the German
Chancellor, but contented himself with
hurriedly greeting the Chancellor from
the car and chatted with him only
seven minutes, are regarded in political
circles as proof that the relations be
tween Germany and Austria-Hungary,
despite the continuing of the nominal
alliance, have ceased to be really inti
mate.
Newspaper comment and popular
feeling: throughout Germany have been
for some time most bitter because of
the growing Slavic ascendency in Aus
tria-Hungary. It is asserted that Em
peror William shares this view, fcince
the persecution of the German element
has become part of the settled system.
A large and influential portion of r.he
press this week has reiterated these
sentiments, and the Government organs
do not confirm or deny the foregoing
statements. Several facts have come
to the surface which tend in the direc
tion indicated. Thus, the Prussian
Government has forbidden the lengthy
stay, and especially in the frontier dis
tricts, of Czechs and other Austrian
Slavs. The Austrian press protests
against this measure. The Saxon Min
istry of the Interior has issued a decree
that all communications sent to Hun
gary must bear only the German names
of the towns to which they are srent.
To this the Hungarian press strongly
demurs, and is also much stirred lip
over the sending of Emperor William's
court chaplain, Rogge, to unveil the
German monument at Hermannstadt.
The ceremony is regarded as a protest
against the Magyarization movement in
Hungary.
Samoa is still occupying a good deal
of attention, and the press is full Of
comment, the bulk of the criticism.
however, being directed against Ener
land. The mouthpiece of the agrarians,
the Deutsche Tages Zeitung, in a bitter
lal charges both England and the
I'nited States with showing systematic
animosity toward Germany in the Sa
fnoan muddle from beginning to end;
attacks the Foreign office for yielding
every point to these powers, and says
it would have been wiser to renew from
the start all claims to Samoa and to
have insisted upon equivalents else
where. The < 'olopne Gazette, however,
in an inspired article, ridicules the no
tion thnt Germany is making enemies
of all the powers over trifling differ
ences. The paper claims that the agrar
ians stir up trouble with the United
States In order to render impossible
the conclusion of commercial treaties,
and this for their own selfish ends.
From semi-official reports it appears
that the German claims for property
destroyed in Samoa during the troubles
are not nearly so large as hitherto be
lieved, namely 800,000 marks.
Thf recent utterances of Baron yon
Stengel of the Munich University, who
was second 1b rank in Germany's dele
gation at the peace conference regard
ing The Hague gathering, are almost
unanimously disapproved in Germany.
The National Zeitung say 3 Baron yon
Stengel's private views are his own and
must not be confounded with the views
of the Government.
The sending of delegates and models
to the Philadelphia exhibition has been
discussed warmly in the press this
week. A number of chambers of com
merce of the Rhenish provinces.
Brandenburg and Saxony decline to
participate, as have also a number of
prominent merchants. The argument
mostly is that participation means the
fostering: of American competition. The
Government, however, takes a differ
ent view and has taken pains to make
it public. The Liberal press mostly as
sumes a friendly attitude.
The elevation of Count yon Munster-
Ledenburg. the German Embassador to
France, to the rank and title of Prinze
yon der Herburg. is attributed gener
ally to his patient and successful en
deavors to render the relations between
Germany and France gradually more
pleasant. Most of the papers approve
of the award. The Vorwaerts alone
says the time for the promotion was
unhappily chosen, since it comes in
the midst of the Dreyfus trial,
and the anti-revisionist press will
will make it the occasion of new
Chauvinistic calumnies and charges
and the even-tenor of Justic may there
by be Impeded. A clear sign of the im
proved Franco-German relations Is
found in the fact that the committee of
German and French *rmy officers is
now engaged in the geodetical meas
urements of the frontier for the pur
pnp,-» of bringing the official measure
ment of both countries into complete
accord.
A duel hetween two officer? of th-
TVnth T'hlan Regiment. Count Solms
and Count Shulenberg. was fought this
week near Konitz, Prussia. Count
Polms was mortally shot in the abdo
men. The motive for the duel wan
jealoury. Both the participants were
among 1 the Emperor's fa.vorites.
Throughout the week hail and light
ning have <\>mv great damage to life
and property, especially in East Prus
sia, the Rhine provinces and Wurtem
burg. The lightning destroyed nearly
every house in Ob^a. in the province
of Posen. Near Thnrn. West Prussia, an
entire forest was burned, and at Oberk
llnge three bricklayers were killed.
In the Berlin suburb of Wendischbuch
nose a party of excursionists were
ADVEBTISEMENTS.^^^^^ . _.
i©©©«©o©©©«e©©^o^®^o®^®®®®® o * oo * o ® o * OdGO ® 00 S
This Week* Great OiferinA.-Commenclafc To-Morrow-Will Present Many ©
Rare and striking Features. Come Early and Secure the Choicest. •
' '•' '" "' "' ' I •
EXTRAORDINARY PRICE EVENT IN |
NEW SILKS at 75c Yd. i
worth $1 25; your choice | ©
at 75° y. %
BEE WINDOW DISPLAY. .
— p ' a
NEW FALL DRESS GOODS I WASH FABRICS lO wStSu«s §
illJ " 'T.t.^U.jirF The selling season is almost over and q
EXTRA SPECIAL! prices have just about reached the lowest J
An unusually large purchase at lin ,| t as these quotations will show £
one-third less than the regular price If you want wash fabrics at all. you II «£
enables us to place on sale to- never again buy them so cheap; ror to- j
morrow: morrow (Monday) only
150 pieces Black Creponnes, in ten of the PZC YARD •
most handsome designs, large and medium. AT Q W YARD.
rich and lustrous • n sui a P pe , a o £ nC r A°*o 2500 yards SB-inch imported Madras, fast #
lively worth $0 00 a suit, jour «C^J_ colors." ln Stripes, checks and plaids, in T
cnolc « at :"■■«■, 1 wm- desirable colors only, that have been jell- 1
New Venetian Cloth. 36 inches -wide, . a[ , season at 20c; your choice f.rX/-» W
strictly all-wool, in the following shades- morrow OC ©
black, tan. brown, green, navy new blue. Ps begt , ity Amer i Can Percales. 0
cadet, cardinal and garnet-at P^ljQ in nVht medium and dark colorings: the ft
* ar . t Vt, regular 12V4c quality; for to-K/> J
44-inch Creponne, entirely new and stylish morn uv< )J
patterns in shades of brown, purple, gr^en. Special Housekeeping- Values 3
navy and castor; weii wonh <£"t .so Special Housekeeping" Values #
T^ui^^"^H place Here are -- quotations^^ught f to ©
In new Plaid Press Goods we will place Her are ' a , hflUsekPe per. for 9
on sale to-morrow the handsomest and gffi«^ '<— ' in the market at th * g
swel est ines ever exhibited in this cit>. •  Jg
Those for the coming season have never present time. q
been equaled in designs and colorings. «t _, on/1 PlllfkW fid QPQ *•
Medium and large Plaids in brilliant col- blieetS ailU rlllOW L>abtJb. J
orings, in camels hair and Zlbiline Suit- dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases. 45x 2
ings, are already in large demand. W' 3fi - regular price 20c; at lf> l C zL
place the same on sale to-morrow ranging * ■ < _7........ Each I Z,-Z\* ©
in price from BED* HEM- ©
50c to $2 a yard. SS^^S^&^SSS* J
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. 72x90 •-•;••••••• -%£■ -"-- [^ «
x 9o 57U0 F7ViC ©
LADIES' WAISTS. w S I^ W or^T7 s ! l a?^.. fo . v SjSi %
50c for $1.25 Percale Shirt Wa/sts. - ••-.• .- ;•• 1 " |
Again to-morrow we duplicate that Great SaVlllg 111 BlanketS »
great Shirt Waist sale of last week: 500 pajrg large size, white, all-wool X
This season's latest and best Percale Blankets, silk bound, in pretty )^Tien; J»
Waists in pink and blue stripes: (tA/> actual value $5 50 a pair: prt« CQ-Wo W
will be closed out at Each *J\J** Pair «P»«* — - <£
Our regular $3 00 and *2 50 (this season's) 500 pairs extra large size weighing . >
waists will be closed out at pound^ fines^ California^ 00l tSKK ,
fine, heavy, fleecy blanket; actual fffi..s 9
" worth $8 00; price Pair tj>«> 0
Special Silk Waist Offering:. ribbon department J
A new lot, about 60 in all, has just ar- A complete line of the best quality Vel-
rived made of extra good quality silk, in vet Ribbon, in the latest fall shades and j
the latest coloring?, including black, sizes black, in the desirable widths, has just V
3'» to 44; worth $7 50; your choice (J0.95 been received which we will oner at tne 9
a Each CO lowest prices. £
#
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. 0
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. £
,„-,, #
struck by lightning and two of them
were killed. Near Myslowitz hail de
stroyed the entire crop, and great dam
age was done by hall at Zedorf. Aulda.
Rheidt and Ilmenau. The crops were
destroyed also at Starolenka, Cluschin
and Tulce, in Posen.
The entire Catholic press is dissatis
fied with the Prussian Government be
cause it allowed three months to elapse
in which the Cologne Chapter could
have elected a successor to the |ato
Archbishop without submitting a list
of candidates. Now a successor must
be agTeed upon between ' the Govern
ment and the Pope. As the fate of the
Emperor's pet measure, the canal bill,
and other measures of importance de
pends upon the good will of the Prus
sian Ultramontanes. their press threat
ened that no candidate would be ac
ceptable to the Cologne See who does
not stand for the aim of the Centrists.
A large and influential part of the
German press is agitating for the legal
regulation of syndicates and trusts.
The Government press says the Gov
ernment intends to take up the matter
soon.
The semi-official Post says that Ger
many will soon lay a cable to the new
colony of Kiaochau. The representative
of the Associated Press lenrns from
Government sources that the Govern
ment conditions in Shantung and the
Immediate vicinity of Kiaochau have
by no means improved in th<> last few
nionths. Kaumi is now forcibly held
by a strong German detachment, but
north of that point there is open rebel
lion, and work on two railroads has
been stopped.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press here learned at the Naval De
partment that by tho new year three
small cruisers and one large cruiser
will be stationed on the east coast of
the United States.
One hundred soldiers of the Ninety
second Regiment, stationed at Bruns
wick, were poisoned there from eating
stale preserves. The condition of a
Bcore of th'^m is seriouft
Andrew P. Whitp. the United States
Embassador to Germany, who has re
turned from Thp Hague, where he acted
as h^ad of the United States delegation
to the International Peace Conference,
hfts resumed control of the United
Embassy hf>re.
BUILT A FIRE AND
THREW HERSELF INTO IT
MT'N T C'IE. Ind., Aug. 12.— Early this
morning Mrs. Noah Bailey, a promi
nent society woman, went into her bed
room, put on two suits of summer
clothing, both of light and inflammable
material. She then made a flr» in the
middle of the room out of newspapers
and bandboxes and stood over the pile
while her clothing burned.
Smoke issuing from th^ 'indows at
tracted the attention of passers-by,
and when they rushed into the house
Mrs. Bailey's moans attracted them to
her room. She was dragged away from
the flames and the burning clothing
torn from her, but she fought her res
cuers like a tigrp«s and threw herself
time and again upon the burning rub
bish. She was sn badly burned she can
not possibly recover. It was learned
to-day this "is her third attempt at sui
cide.
Mine to Be Sold at Auction.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— C. A. Pall
man, resident manager for the English
company which tor some years has owned
the famous llarqua Hala mine in Ari
zona, announces that the mine will be
sold at auction on August 14 at Tuma.
The work on the mine for many months
has been done by lessecp. Mr. Dallman
Bays much interest Is aroused by the
prospective salt-, because the mine ip so
well known. This will be the first mine.
In Arizona to be sold under the ham
mer. The mine closed about five years
ago and the tailings have been worked at
a net profit slightly under $100,000.
Pennsylvanias Visit Stanford.
PALO AT/TO, Auk. 12.— A party of Pitts
burg. Pa., newspaper men visited the
Stanford I'nivt rsity to-ilay and were
shown about the campus and the build
ing?. The paity, which numbered about
sixteen, is composed of some of tHe rr.on
who came West to welcome the Pennsyl
vania troops which have just returned
from the Philippines, and Included the
editors and correspondents of a number
of Pittsburie journals. They left this aft
ernoon for San Jose.
SAD FINALE TO MRS.
SHAW'S PINK TEA
THE GUESTS CARTED OFF IN THE
PATROL WAGON.
The I/ady Was Simply Celebrating on
Her Eight-Year-Old Daughter's
Pickle-Factory Earnings.
Mrs. Helen Shaw, who lives at 2*l Ship
ley street, gave a pink tea to her neigh
bors last night, a record of which will be
found in the annals .of the Police Court
instead of in the society columns of the
local papers.
The occasion marked a particularly im
portant event in the history of Shipley
street and the Shaw family. Ruby Shaw,
only S years old. had earned $1 50 laboring'
on a rush on tomatoes in a nearby pickl«
factory, and it was decided that the first
week's salary should be spent judiciously
and all in one place— Pat Meehan's corner
grocery.
Forthwith Mrs. Shaw sent broadcast
through the alley invitations to her Sat
urday night soiree. J. P. Harrigan. Kats
"White. Ed Hayes, Bruce Fleming and
Mrs. Fitzpatrick responded, and soon the
joyous occasion was on in full blast. Tha
spacious can made many visits to the cor
ner, and soon .Mrs. Shaw's guests, and in
cidentally herself, were gloriously char.sod,
with steam beer. The merriment scaled
to dizzy heights and the fruits of l'rtla
Ruby hard week's work in the pickl<j
factory withered apace.
Mrs. Shaw's function pursued the even
tenor of its way until Bucco Fleming ac
cused Ed Hayes of treating the policeman
on the beat during one of his frequent
trips to the corner saloon. Hayes resent
ed Burro's cruel insinuation, and soon the
bunch were writhing in the throes of a
Shipley street ruction. At this junctura
Policeman Hurley burst upon the scera
and carted Mrs. Shaw and her guests to
the City Prison in the patrol wagon. Th*
women'were charged with cruelty to chil
dren and the men were booked for dis
turbing the peace.
Dependable Drugs ,
Drag Store
The Owl is open all night
and all day.
Our front doors have not
been closed for over five years.
Use the telephone any time
of the day or night— we will
deliver your order.
Glad "to do it.
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets
We sell "many dyspepsia .
remedies, but we recom-
mend Carter's.
' Owl's Egg Shampoo 25c
A big bottle of the best
shampoo. Gleans the scalp.
We make it and know it is
good.
Thompson's £?gB£ Tonic
' Splendid tonic for a run- £.qq
down and nervous system.
Keeps the liver in healthful
condition.
Cuticura Soap 15c
A full set of Cuticura reme-
dies $1.40 — soap, salve and
resolvent.
Carter's Little Liver Pills
Advertised everywhere at _-_
25 cents a box- J
1 128 Market St. J
Tel. South 356. San Francises
10th and Broadway (Tel. Main 309) OaklandTHE EMPORIUM.
t» Your name perfectly engravai on _^ *™ m - -_ ed ti^n, revised and uniformly bound
• SKAW?JgSS!y»Si Refurnishing Time Now Note the Bargains in Reliable Furniture, Car- ,AS^FJZ£^!^Si^.
• t MM «> ...■,... $33 pets, Bedding, Etc. Another Special Sale of Bicycles on Wednesday. , < ""-'"- /c<> $ '°- ao
% Peerless in Variety,
* Wonderfully Low- Priced.
| An Impressive Dis-
I play of Fall Dress
| Goods, Silks, Neck-
| wear, Etc., Will Be
i Made This Week.
J Colored Dress Goods. 44-inch Silk Souffle — The
» 38-inch Fancy Plaids- The [ at * 8t novelty, ten different and very
* new.designs in th, sty.ish coloring handsom»styv. per yard $1.3U
* an PTtra value at, per i.... 5Q C 3O " tncn Cheviot - All wool.
J 44 -in ih Fancy Plaids'- Large S P endi ' t ' u ' i:i '- v an : one of our le a ra>
« an: h ndfoaie designs in new Fall -^"* r - ya »*""ii 'X 75C
t 0r,,:.- per yard... 75a Mohair CrcpOHS-Our assort:
> 42-inch Novelty Plaids The m;Dt is now compirta— The Emporium
» correct material for a sty sh ss.rt or is showing the largest and best viriety
* - wrskirr. p?r yard.... Cc of style* of V h vary pepu ar fab-ir to
* 46-in S h Zibiline Piaid-0, h \ f r'™ l »» ?h
J of tne most fetch.ng of tne i .>w -all Patterns, $b, $7.50, .9, $10 'Owjjj.
J Dress Pahr'c*. p-r yard $1.00 $.<2.UU
% -inch Shetland Piaids- __ ~~ZT' «.-„
> Large pa. terns, new color ngs, in soft, the NGW SllnSm
* -« 3 ; s ' y maW a! ; P^y-"-d-...'..*f.2a> 20-»n h Corded Silk-Sod
» OU-inch Golf Plaids, aa-1 the color. 3, a nice soft weave, will
* pi -.in Go f Cloth to match, one of ths wear we ll, new b.-ets, Cyrano, fu?dua,
* newest dre a materia sin shades of • purples, the ■■ ost popular colors for
? gray, tan. nd and brown, par yard Fall wear per yard 85 1
« _"•••• . •••-• $*.5O 21-inch Satin Stripe laffe-
* 4-iJ-mch _ Diagonals — B:oad as rich color combinations an tx-
wie,ue*'Fail am Win co'orings, c vs j rove ty, eh inning -h : r^, waist
0. -'res?, pattern $3.UQ fabric— p?ry<rd ". $1.00
* 48-in Pebble Cloth— A very Sat n Stripe Talteta, 22-irch,
* stylish dress material, ite new Fa 1 1 extra heavy, with shaded graduating
* rolornr 15 . dress pitf-rn $7*50 stripes, in exqui ite color cm in-i-
T 48-inch Barathea One of tha fors per yird $1*59
J best wa ring ..res* fabrics made, hanl- 21 -inch Persian Stripe Jaf-
some color ngs for Fall wear, dress fa, with white cord aim pjlka dot
£ pattern $SmOO gr ur.ds ver.- rich colorings, an ex-
* 46-inch Radasmere — Satin ceedingly stylish shirt waist silk, per
* finished wi'h high u-ter. wiil make a vaH-. $ f msO
» ver ressy and i-wen-i- suit, 22-inch wide Satin Stripe
* dr?ss pi-te- . $10.53 Tattota, with smull ■..<-. and
J 5 ■ -inch Zibiline - 7 sty.ish white hair-line stripe, an exc"usv*
material f>r tailor suits, mixed effects novity, per ■ a r d $s*7s
jV in grays and blues, dress pattern 19-inch Tallets , plain colors, a
<•> $tOmtO compete line of the new Fall sh de?,
* _. _" __ ~Z, _ such as bluet?, violets, Cvr.n-> and
* Black Dress Goods. purple?; per yard ■ 750
{ 52 inch Ramproot serge 20-inch Black Satin Ouch-
Absolutely unspotable, in a perfect CSSe, :ich lustrous and we i finish-
A s ade of I) ack, cxc ptional v.i u\ per c , make- nice shire wai^t*- or skirts,
* yard $1.00 per yard 75c
£ Clocks, Plated Groceries— Liquors
* Ware, Cutlery, Etc* Special Sale on
{ One-day N.ckel A arm Clock, 4-incn '•ia 1 Monday and Tuesday.
J £U ranteed, o-.ly 7Qc Graham Flour- Emp. r.um brand.
» One-day Deco ated Porcelain Bjudoir 50-lb sacks — until lot on hand is sold,
A lock, an assortment of shapes ard per sack 720
* decorations from which to -hoo*<\ Catsup- Snider's. p nts— for 2 day-»..
* guaranteed $'m 25 I 200
* Quadruple plate Bjtt:r D sb, br.- .t cut. Beans— Small white or pea bens,
£ with knife rest, only $1 00 new cr« p— for 2 days'. 10 lbs 25c
J Quadruple ! ate Pickle Fish with pi kle Washing Powder — ' Fyramic"
* tongs, only $ImOQ\ brand, put up by Cuiahy & Co., l-'h
> Plated Table Kni c, steal handle, p»r set i packa-fs— s for 25c
» of 6 75c Whiskey, Jesse Moore AA
* Sheffield steel stag hanlie Ca-vrv «er | — For 2 cms. per bott c 85c
» pl ; $1.25 Whiskey -Cedar Rur, ■ar $2- 0 p»r
? Gold quality steel Scis'or3, ato 6 nc~e-=i gallon qualitv— sp3cial a 1 $ .Q5
£ long. fa-h 25c Madeira IV/ne-Perfect for rtes-
-5 Good qua'ity button-hi • Scissors, »vi h' Bert, 6 years old— on sp cial sa'e for 2
X nt screw, ony 43c cays, 4 bottles for SI.OO
ARIONS OF THE EAST AND WESS MAKE
MERRY WISH SPEECH AND SONG
THE visiting Arions from New
York have tasted trie sweets of
San Francisco's hospitality, and
they are delighted with its flavor
and amazed at Its abundance. As
President Weihacht said in his address
at the Arion Jinks last night:
"We knew thi I I California were
big, and we knew that I ■ J and
of the Golden State were big. and
now we know that the hearts <>t" the peo
ple of the Pacific Coast are the biggest in
the country. "
But the sweet singers from the Eastern
metropolis have only "tasted" the good
things prepared for their entertainment
by their namesakes of the Western me
tropolis, and by the time they depart on
their long homeward journey, short
though the time be, they will have a
faint appreciation of what the Califor
nlans, and especially the German citizens
of California, are capable of in the way
of extending hospitable welcome to their
guests. Yesterday morning and afternoon
the Gothamltes rested after their Jour
ney to prepare themselves for the high
Jinks given In their honor in Odd Fel
lows' Hall last evening. That la to say,
they were supposed to rest, hut while
they were not called upon to undergo any
physical exertion, they were kept fairly
busy viewing the fights and scenes In
and around San Francisco from carriages
provided by their hosts. They went
everywhere and they saw everything,
and "when they returned to tbeir hotel
the* were ready to acknowledge, and did
acknowledge with true German frank
ness and enthusiasm, that San Francisco
b without a peer in these United States.
Hut the feature of ihe day's programme
came at night. Odd Fellows" Hall had
beer, decorated for the reception of the
visiting Arions In a manner never before
attempted. Under the skillful direction
of E. A. Otto it had been converted Into
a veritable bower, gay bunting and col
ored lanterns adding to the effect produced
by masses of flowers and palms. The
long tables were strewn with grape and
hop vines, with an occasional bouquet of
flowers, while at the front of the stage
was a magnificent Moral harp, the em
blem ■>: the two societies.
President Plagemann of the San Fran
cis Arions, in welcoming the guests
from the East, said he was proud of the
fact that he was the first to have that
honor. He declared that the New York
Arions were the greatest organization of
the kind in the united States and their
San Francisco brethren hoped to occupy
a position on this coast similar to that
ho grandly filled by them In the East. In
conclusion he said the local Arions would
try to make it pleasant for their guests
during their brief stay.
To Fritz Beringer of St. Helena was ac
corded the honor of a genuine ovation. He
has been a resident of California since
1884 but before he departed from New
York for the wild and woolly West he had
been for thirteen years president of the
New York society. He was called upon
for a speech and he managed to get
through with a brief address with con
siderable difficulty owing to the applause
and when he took his seat he was given
three cheers ana a tiger. President Wel
nacht of the visiting society, who spoke
next devoted the major portion of his
address to a eulogy of Mr. Beringer. to
whose untiring efforts, he said, the suc
cess achieved by the New York Arions
was mr:ir.ly due. • "
"I car not find words to express my
rratitude and thanks for the magnificent |
reception you have given uk in your beau
tiful city." said Mr. Weinacht. "We have
been j leased with many things since we
arrlvd in San Francisco and a sweet re
membrance of old times came over us
when Fritz Beringer spoke. The success ;
that has attended our society has come j
largely through his great work and one
of our first and greatest pleasures since !
arriving in the State was seeing our old I
president once again. We are proud of j
__J__^_^^THE EMPORIUM. |
! being the first traveling singing society
j to come from the East to the extreme
West. As we were the first to go to G< r
! many from this country so are we the
: pioneers of all societies who may come
after us to the Pacific Coast.
"The farther west we came the greater
were the surprises we met with and the
greatest surprise of all was the splendid
reception we have met with in California.
, In California not only are the trees big
ger, the flowers and fruits bigger, but
the hearts of the people are* bigger than
j anywhere else In the Unietd States or in
i the world."
Mayor Phelan was the last regular
' speaker on the programme, and the only
i one to speak in English. He welcomed the
1 visiting Arions to the city in a few brief
words, complimenting them as a society
on the great success they have achieved,
and in closing declared that the people of
California were particularly susceptible to
music and melody.
"For," said he, the people, the skies,
the landscape and the ocean are all in
harmony here." ... , .
The addresses were all short, for the
gathering was one of a music-loving peo-
THE SA^T FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 189 S.
THE EMPORIUM. |
Positively the best Carpet values ever offered by the big store, and we
guarantee that the Furniture Specials cannot be duplicated in this city.
Handsome 3-piece Bed-room Suit — rich Golden Oak, This Gondola - shaped Handsome 'ft . •»
fancy shape.! French beveled Mirror-it is the gen- Couch— upholstered Solid Gold- l^^^S
, i « ' , , ' .  . m Novelty Veloirs, en Oik Din- ( ms&&3& l
teel, fine, rood sort of lurniture that com- wel , t]if^ gtou : ing Chair, I T/Tl
.^«HJk^-^^, ysS^Sfc. mands ie springs — richness, hand-canfd j/f I
(f^p^) ?pe . Ct " , beaut and low price seat, finish f/l |f
o^4sj£&& 1 $os% I! f h.'m'ade cmbined at this and work- ULJ
rssJ^^-gl^rj nl'lmlh th ' made " week's $12.50 that can all Jj^^^f
jl Wity to-order $12.50 th-.t c:m be g^_ iniig^jr
' !^^,'*^—.;.H J&^mL j^^^a me . s8 1 des-re — a |^3 '*|(j '
" ■"'■^"-■1 R^-S $32.50 !? a ...-«ffO * '*^'
s^, , '.^  , a ,a. i .-.-.itu. it-^-..Jiieu- ""other Dining Chairs 50c to
Other SlillS from •pljyO tO $200 Oiher Couches from $5 to $60. $10 each.
First shipment of new Fall Carpets just arrived qualities and pat-
f never so good before — prices never so low.
r%&} Goo I ade of Tapestry bright, cheerful patterns, aso in hall and stairs— per yard 45c
4^3)* Piie ide of Tapestry— copies of Body Brussels, borders to match— per yard * 55a
*%^J Finest quali ty of All- Wool Ingrains— novelty patterns — ielf blues, two-toae effects — laid and lined.
per yard 75c
ls|pp Others, at prices as low as 2^c per yard.
('^v^^^^^^Pl Axminster Carpets— the greatest variety, the most novelties in patterns, and the lowest
_}Jl/lJ_^*^Kj^i£^gfl prices evei quote ■ for Axminsters l- id and ined, per yard $1.10
s \i\pi^^^*\ Japantse Linen Warp Matting inlaid and tie patterns, shown by the j ull
W^MT " T\ff^^^^M^3W r^\ roll instead ■ f samples, this giving you an excellent idea of the goods— for this
pirHrlp^^^Mll'-m grade, per yard 2 5
BSHnMrm^SN^^t/B * Others at prices from 15c to 60c per yard.
*' nJ' " -^*^ 1 '**■ ' - mm r' 'ji
~7r. se f]\ v V\ J^=^'f^''--*~^ motfuette Rugs — width 27 inches, known as "E"' size, deep piling — a gr«>at
// I l\s^z i'4^ * value at this week's special price $1.50
L l^^M&^^ J We have some 200 different stiles and patterns of (Mo-
?■ :^ : X quette Rugs, ranging in prices from 505 to $60.
House-Furnishings at Money-S&vang Prices,
P rceiain Soap Box Coffee Mil Fa-icy Embo sed Enamaled Ware Double-lined Tin This safe One-
Di-h and Wird with drawer, as Crumb Tiav anl Soup Boiler, 16- Ov.na for oil burner Coal Oil
Tooth Brush H ''d- shown in pi?ture.. S"rap;r, the two quart capacity, stoves, lisa 10x10 Stove 0n1y.. 60c
fcrcombin.-'i 25C 25c lor 10c only 85c xll, f>r...51.50
f 1 : 1 -rr^——^— A guaranteed No. rrj- :nZ33Z^H^STI Wire Meat "°'^ — — --~»^_
'.g£^j~ s^S^^i^ 7 Stov?, fiist :: "< '■ inches, :^^*7rr- -- ,
ff^jy -.- J^nfr— • x^ cla.'s laker, set <:■:■' I. • ; . v .x; with movable i s^JJ; "ESST^E^.^v^Tr
$r;-Wi up complex at m^^M^M sh^ 750
ilteSwlM a fy *Jl% s jR *&Wo&ssm< 12-pron? Garden S •111111111
m^4l cny... 515.75 f^^^;%: ; : # Rake, long ran- ■ !||gi Wmmm
"— -*^ <; Blac; Satin dle 4Op lf^ \^^^S I
■ ■ ' CT ". S'.ove Polish, the Iprr-*' .n - .-^mll Folding Lunch
J[_K __^- . W best 25c ■ i; 0 n . g 2Sg r ~ *-
iWt • _y,_ -jT A fine Furniture Extension Wire Window Dover E^g Beaters 8o \ Good Saw for 50
\&i~~ '^G % \ Polish, per bo'tle Sere like picture. .25c 8-py Garden Hose, cut in any length, p-r
\fl -» SO First-class Broom 250 foot GO
°^v/Z a l l ISP^ &***s ™%0 fSMS Manicuring,2se
ana- vv inter 1^ pP^r* ■■ frs* a •*»> ™ ▼ Bifel ,
Catalogue ™ CPOMO^iUCMiMg K»2UCa.air a Hiir-D'essing Parlors,
almost ready. California j s Largest —^America's Grandest Store. M-.tn F>oor, under
almost ready. California s Largest — America s Grandest store. Barter shop.
SCENE AT THE ARION COMMERS IN ODD
FELLOWS' HALL.
pie, and they preferred singing to speech
making. The two societies alternated in
furnishing thia portion of the entertain
ment, but in order that no one might feel
slighted several popular songs of the
FntliTland wi>r» sune hy the entire gath
ering, "America." being rendered in Ger-
THE EMPORIUM. j
the Eastern singers fire absolutely per
fect. Every note is rendered in perfect
unison and without a flaw to mar the
smoothness of the rendition. The hosts
of the occasion sat in silent admiration
while their quests were tilling the i • ■• 11
with melodious notes, and at the conclu
sion of eich number the applause that
swept through the building was a grand
testimonial of appreciation. - : -
The guests of honor wore: Mayor J. D.
Phelan, Consul General A. Rosenthal, Dr.
F. Fehleiaen, Dr. K. O. Jellinek, Dr. M.
Rothschild, M. Greenblatt and F. W.
Dohrmann.
Dr. Max Magnus, who officiated as mas
ter of ceremonies, found his duty not. par
ticularly onerous, which fact was due
largely to the completeness with which
the committee having charge of the ar
rangements for the jinks and the prepara
tion of the programme had done its work.
Following is the committee: Dr. Max
Magnus, W. Diffenbacher, H. Dunk. Will
iam Knopf. F. R. Kummer. George C.
Schneider, C. W. Wacker, M. Winter, C.
A. Zlnkand. P. F. Kolmke, Albert Antz.
F. P. Flagemann, P. J. Plagemann, P. F.
Weiniger and E. E. Erbe.
Promptly at 9 o'clock in the morning
the carriages began to roll into the Pal
ace Hotel court to take the visiting
Arions on a sightseeing tour around the
city and vicinity. The committee ap
pointed by the local society to take
charge of- this feature of the entertain
ment consisted of President F. E. Plage
mann, C. A. Zinkand. Fritz Beringer and
W. C. Hiiderbrandt. and they performed
their pleasant task admirably. Fifty
hackloads of happy Germans were soon
whirling through the streets of the city
and out toward the 1 nark, and the ne^
I three hours were spent in viewing the
man it the conclusion of the Mayor* ad- I wonders of the Pacific Coast metropolis,
dress It may be that the San Francisco I The park. Cliff House, Sutro Baths, the
\rioiiß are the princes of entertainers, bin Presidio, Fort Point and the fortifications
: hey take off their hats to th« New York- were inspected In turn. The visitors en
ers when it cornea to singing. The local ! joyed the grand view of the ocean per
slngerß enjoy a well earned reputation j naps more than any other thing they
as producers or waves of harmony, but j saw, and the colony of seals barking a
I THE EMPORIUM. I
HOME OF THE VISITING ARIONS.
THE New York Arion Society is over forty years old. dating from 1554. Of
the charter members only two are living— George Ely and F. J. Adams —
neither of whom accompanied the excursionists. The membership now
numbers 1450. Music is the foundation of the Arions. From the first the
society aimed to promote melody and kindred matters of culture and
diversion and the purpose of the society's founders has been kept In mind by
their successors'. The home of the visiting Arionp is at the corner of Park ave
nue and Fifty-ninth street, in one of the most attractive buildings in New
York, which is the property of the society. The splendid structure includes a
concert hall and every possible accessory for the entertainment of its members.
Tt was built in 18S7 and represents an investment of more than half a million
dollars.
THi EMPORIUM. I
The 'Big Store's Best
j Clothing Offerings.
Men's $12.50, $15
and $17.50 Suits for
, $10.75. $3.00 Trou-
sers, $1.95. Boys
Suits, $2.65 and
$4.95. „
An immense Fall and Winter Stock wi'l SwSr F—--I
b? here in a few weeks. To make room for /** iT / "~^\ \. if
it and carr out our policy of not carrying \Z^*t C A \^~a
goods from one season into another, we offer yTtarV j c== * = t' V-- /
the=e remarkable b r^ains.: yLwfN^*! • //v— A^ J
Men's Suits, sold by U3 reen'ar'.y at ( yr Vs/x^^K/v
$12.50, $15 $16. .0 am $17.50— new / \ VYvUvln^^/^
all-wool Wonted), Cheviots and Cassi- / P yufß|>l^^tn
mere , in siege or double breasted sacks / * \> /\ t^L^-i I
;md 3-button cutaway?, tai ored and !<f X/ * I ? \ J
trimmed in latest style, -II siz^s f#r - en \ / I \r~l
of all shapes, tits &4f TLf BE \ I A * \J\—
wteh • 910.75 \LA/?t ri
Men's Pants, strictly all wool, rand- \\ \k^__ L^-*V
some rat-terns, perfect fit ing, make and ' \ j/\ ~f\\^>£r
sewing guir.inteed, not a pair Lut what YVw'f I \ 7
was marked at least $2.50. many of them \\l / 1 \ I
special this week 4s%"s (Q EZ Ivi / I \\
mpr B msZJfmJP l/i/ I fjl -
Boys' Suits, good value $6 and $7 V]i / i rfl ' 1
long pants ?uits, blue cheviot?, brown an! A n I li f
gray m xtures in c'tssimsres and cheviots, ff\ II / I I
strictly all woo', th <rou?hlv tailored up 1 I II I I I
to date ii style — spec : al ifeSM 03) EZ if / /I I I I I
this week:...'. m T.m*%9 Jhg /p J /[(/
Boys' Suits, good value $4 and $5 I 111 F^l
suits, for boys 9to 15 years of age, I I I i w
strict y all wool, new Fall effects, in 1.1 I 1 J*v
stripes ar.d plaid-, Scotch Cheviot' and \) I W^>^
Cassimeres — special his &* IS M
week 9"'VV
. . ,
House-Furnishing Items.
Low as these prices are the qualities are
guaranteed in every particular.
Damask Towels— 2ox4l inches, pretty patterns, knotted fringe ends — '
per doz n $3*25
Huck Towels— 2ox4o inches, ail linen, a good absorbent — and a v ry '
special va.ue at per doz n $2*4-0 '
Sheets— for double beds, s ize 81x90 inches, extra heavy New York ililis Mus- '
lin. .-uperior to any sheet that we have yet offered at the price — each 55c ,
Wool Blankets— 3b pairs only, an extra good grade, 72x84 inches, wa>gh ,
fu lv 5 lbs, prett • lemon-colored borders, a regular $3 pair value — i0x..53m75 1
California Wool Blankets— m the size for single or three-quarter «
be J s 60x76 inches , mace from the be3t long fiber California wool, perfect '
in make and finish — per pair $3*25 '
Gomforters—fM s ; zj, closely tufted, clean white cotton filling, covered '
with a good quality of silkoline and cheese cloth, siz9 72x72 inches — each
$t.oo ,
Quitted Comforters— covered with fine percaline in handsome designs, ,
bast double-car *ci cotton filling, siz? 72x80 inches price, each $2*50 <
Marseilles Spreads— heavy, c'osely woven Marseilles, a large assort- '
ment of patterns, 76x90 inches, for double beds, pearl hemmed, ready for '
use — each , $I*6o '
Laco Curtains We are showing many new designs at exception .It;.- \
low prices, qua it v consilered. Among the new curtains just received are the ,
Arabian Honitons, Battenberg, Brussels, Point o'e Calai3 and Irish Points — also 1
new Nottingham* in lengths and widths to fit any window — prices ranga -er pair
from $1.00 to $12.50
I welcome from the rocks filled them with
I delight. A half hour after noon the last
j of the carriages had returned to the ho
j tel, and after lunch the hours Lnterven
! ing- before the hour get for thf> com
mencement of theeveniiiß programme was
devoted to visiting and resting. The club
! rooms of the local society on Pine street
; had b^en beautifully decorntrd to serve
j as a general headquarters for all Arlons
j in the city and were visited by a large
number during- the afternoon.
To-day the visitors will be entertained
Theßestls"Dr.Pierce's"
. Try an Electric Belt for that pain. Weak-
/^ 1^ ness. Lame Back or anything- else that ails
[£ yo« (except poverty), and you will be pleased
F%. w * th the result - Electricity will brace you
fir, lj^ up, put new life into you and make you feel
/;'•/ fJ&Sy twenty years younger than you do at present.
mLI "j? K["|#^ That's what a GOOD Electric Belt will do:
\N j^^^; 4Jm but he sure you get a good one while you are
.jg about it. Jn short. BUY NO BELT TILL YOU
) V"^^i!lf v SEE "DR. PIERCE"S."
5 1^^^^ Call at. the office or send 2c in
gf^^yjliiHK.., stamps for "PAMPHLET No. 2." Ad-
y 'PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
Vv^ '/It 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
THE EMPORIUM.
with a trip around the bay. The steamer
Piedmont has been chartered for the oc
casion and will leave the ferry Blip ;it
the foot of Market street at 9 a. m sharp.
Edward Bchnutenhaus has charge of
all the arrangements for the excursion
on the water and he has prepared an in
teresting and attractive itinerary. The
principal points to be visited are the
Union Iron Works, Mare Island. Valleio,
Benicia and El Campo. A brass band
will be on board and games and dancing
will be provided for the amusement of the
visitors. Prizes will be distributed
during the afternoon to the winners in
the various contests that huve been ar
ranged. The Arlon who exhibits the
most grace in drinking beer from a glass
—a purely German accomplishment— will
be especially favored In this respect. The
excursionists are expected to reach the
dock on their return before 6 p. m.
THE MEKRIMAC.
A Memorial Tablet That Asserts She
Defeated the Monitor.
The Virginia Daughters of the Confed
eracy have recovered what Is supposed to
be the shaft of the Confederate ram Mer
rlmao (called by the Confederates the Vir
ginia), and have decided to erect it as a
monument to the memory of Admiral
Franklin Buchanan of the Confederate
navy, in Richmond. The shaft, which
was found in a junk shop in Richmond, is
twenty-seven and a half feet long uml
fourteen and a half inches in diameter. It
will be polished and bronzed, and will be
surmounted by a bust of the admiral.
Franklin Buchanan Camp, United Con
federate Veterans, of this city will give
the inscription plate, which has just been
completed by J. H. Ferd Hahn, and reads
as follows:
"Section of the famous ironclad Vir
ginia's propeller shaft. An essential por
tion of the machinery furnishing motive
power to the ship in her engagements in
Hampton Roads, where she. under com
mand of Admiral Franklin Buchanan, in
company with her tenders, the Beaufort.
Raleigh. Patrick Henry, Jamestown ami
Teaser, destroyed the United St.-tt»'sr frig
ates Congress and Cumberland, and crip
pled and scattered the remainder of the
fleet March S. A. D. "W2. And, on tl
lowing day, after Buchanan was woui
defeated the ironclad Monitor aftn
eral hours' engagement, while under o-ni
mand of Lieutenant C. R. Jonos. An<l
again April 11 and May X, A. D. IR«2. un
der command of Commodore Josiah Tatt
nall. forced the entire blockading fleet. In
cluding the Monitor, two other Ironclads
and several rams, to leave the road. Tab
tat contributed by the Franklin Buchanan
Camp, V. C. V., No. 745, Baltimore. Ml "
The tablet is of one-eighth inch brass.
with beveled edges, and measures 12x13
inches.— Baltimore American.
Here's the Place.
Henpeck— There'll be no parting In
heaven, you know.
Friend— That's so. If you want a di
vorce, old fellow, you'd better attend to
It on thie side.— T.lfe.
56
SUNDAY AUGUST 13, 1809
/OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor;
" Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS £IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAH/r CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year #6.0
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 8 months I.HO
DAILY CALL— By Sir-sle Month «3o
SUNDAY CALL On« Year *•*><>
WEEKLY CALL One Year ■ 1 -°°
AH poMir. ■ cera are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Hwjirr Foreign Advertising, Marquetts BuUdinft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTON Horald «quof«
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY I4JKENS JR 2» Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sternum House; P. O. New» Co.; Great Northern Hotel J
Fremont Houses Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB.
W*Mbrt-Astorl» Hotel; A. Brentajoo, tl Unloa Square;
Uxcrrxr Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH. Corresoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
• pen until 9:30 o'clock;- 200 Hayes street. own until
0:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
©'ciocK- 613 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2613
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, ot>en untlj 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9. o'clock-
♦JttTJSEMENTS.
California— 'The Fairy Godmother."
Columbia— "The Adventures of the Lady Ursula," Monday
night.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Orpheum— Our lieroes' Fund Benefit, Thumday afternoon,
August 17.
Tlvoll— "Faust."
Alcazar — '"The Lady of Lyons."
Grand Opera House — "Falka."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
fuid evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Butro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
liecreatlon Park— Baseball to-day.
Glen Park— Grand performance to-day.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing To-day.
The Tabernacle, Exposition Building, Oakland— Cakewalk
Carnival, Wednesday, August 16.
Alhambra Theater— New York Axlon Society's Concert, for
the benefit oi thr fund to welcome our soldiers, Tuesday even-
ing, August li.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. "vT. Loud-=rbaok— To-morrow, at 2:30 o'clock. Turkish
Rugs, at 12.'. Geary str^.-t.
By S. Watkins— Monday, August 14, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
\ alec la street
LYNCHINGS IN THE SOUTH-
OL'T of the fearful lynchings which have fol
lowed one another with such rapidity in the
South of late there has come at least one good
result. The appalling nature of some of these ter
rible offenses against law and humanity has startled
the intelligence of the Southern people with a fear
their States may be drifting back to barbari-m. and
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande the more
earnest leaders, white and black, are busily engaged
in discussing the evil, with a view to finding some
prompt and adequate remedy.
It i.» significant of the earnestness of the new phase
of the discussion that lynching is no longer justified
md on the ground that it is the natural and
proper retaliation of the white man upon the negro
who assaults a white woman. The Southern people
are now aware the toleration shown to lynchers in
cases of that kind has prompted the lawless and
rowdy element in the South to resort to it on almost
eny kind of provocation, and to carry it to the ex
treme of savage cruelty. As a consequence the plea
in defense of lynching is but little heard of late. It
is now almost universally conceded to be an evil, and
the trend of the debate is toward devising means for
its suppression.
Many of the leading men among the negroes have
given up the problem in flat despair. At a recent
meeting of the council of elders of the African Metho
dist Episcopal church of Georgia and Alabama a
resolution was adopted setting forth the deplorable
condition of the negroes in the Southern States, and
a committee was appointed to petition Congress to
appropriate $100,000,000 to subsidize a line of steam
ships between the United States and Africa to facili
tate negro emigration to that continent.
The whites are naturally more hopeful. It is not
in the nature of the American white man to despair
in thejace of any kind of governmental problem. It
is asserted by some of the speakers and the writers
on the subject that the practice of lynching has
sprung up in the South largely because of the law's
delay and the inefficiency of the courts. An elab
orate array of statistics has been published in leading
Southern papers showing that of the number of per
sons indicted for murder comparatively few are con
victed, and the conclusion is drawn that the people
resort to lynching in the case of great crimes because
they have no confidence in the courts.
At a recent meeting of the Georgia Chautauqua
Society at Barnesville the Hon. Dupont Guerry of
Macon disputed the charge made against the courts
and declared: "Those who have so much to say
about legal technicalities are either demagogues or
ignoramuses who do not know a technicality from a
great constitutional provision." Mr. Guerry argued,
however, that since it is clear the people demand a
swifter process of law, it would be better to provide
ir than to suhnit to the alternative of lynching.
By way ofHjringing the issue in a definite form be
fore the people the speaker submitted the outlines of
a bill providing for prompt justice. According to
the Atlanta Constitution, the bill continues the or
ganization of the .Grand Jury from one term to
another, makes it a conservator of the peace, and re
fitiires it to serve at called term? of court; provider
that witnesses may be summoned at once to attend
c.lied terms, and for appointment of counsel in ad
vance and for trial at that term if parties can get
ready: provides for immediate hearing of motion of
new trial, immediate bill of exceptions, and imme
diate hearing in Supreme Court.
A bill of the kind providing for what may be called
a "shortcut" trial in times of popular excitement may
not be as good as the safeguarded trials to which we
are accustomed, but it is better than lynch law. It
is to be hoped the Georgians will try it. Certainly
some organization is needed to conserve the peace
and promote good order in the lynch-ridden coun
ties of the State, and a Grand Jury might well be as
signed the task.
JUST ONE KICKER r-*r-t
HIGH hopes have been entertained that in the
preparations made for the reception of the Cali
fornia Volunteers on their return from the Phil
ippines there would be such universal harmony that
from first to last the proceedings would be marred
by no word of wrangling, fault-finding or protesting.
The hope was natural, but was too high for a com
plete fulfillment. The general satisfaction has not in
cluded all the people. One voice has been lifted in
protest against the prevailing enthusiasm. It is but
a single voice, but the noise of it disturbs the har
mony even as the bray of an ass sounding from a
field would jar and mar the fullest chorus ever poured
from human throats.
The coniplainer is the Fresno Democrat, and the
cause of his bray is the movement to have the day of j
the reception of the returning heroes set apart as a
public holiday, so that the working people may have
full freedom to take part in the festivities. The
braying runs thus: "The San Francisco papers are;
now urging that the Governor declare a dies non on
the day that the First California Regiment arrives at
home.' This legal holiday business is being run into
the ground in California. Why should business be
suspended all over the State simply to give San
Francisco a legal holiday? Business will be prac
tically suspended on that day in San Francisco if one
half that is proposed to be done in the welcoming of
the San Franciscans is done, but why should the
State have in consequence to suffer the inconvenience
of having the courts closed, banking and commercial
alTairs stopped and all legal business suspended.''"
A more senseless protest against the patriotic im- I
pulses of a people has never been written. Legal
holidays have not been "run into the ground" in Cali
fornia. Our holidays are few, and even of the few ]
many are not adequately observed. It is probable j
that Californians take less recreation than any other
people. Our climate is such that work can be car
ried on with vigor at all seasons of the year, and we
keep continuously at it. We have not the long win
ter rest or the long summer repose of the East. \\ c
are driving forward at high pressure all the time.
An additional holiday added to the list of this year
would be a benefit even if it were taken solely for re- j
cieation, and it is certainly commendable when taken
for the purpose of welcoming home the heroic sons
of California who are coming back to us from a war !
on the other side of the globe, a war in which they
have been victorious, in which they have not only
distinguished themselves but have reflected glory |
upon the State.
It is to be regretted that even a single Californian
has been found wanting in sympathy with the en
thusiasm of the people in this movement, but there
■ ie satisfaction in knowing there is only one. The
bray has been heard, and now the glad chorus can go
on as if it had never been uttered.
Recent reports from Guatemala indicate that Presi
e'ent Cabrera has ordered the assassination of many
of his worthy subjects. He may rind himself some fine
morning in the predicament that ended the careers of
son c of his bloodthirsty predecessors— looking into
the muzzle of a gun.
The storm king is exercising over Porto Rico and
Cuba a devastating power of which Spain had no sus
picion much less force to command. And the new
protector of the islanders is as little able to guard its
wards as Spain would have been.
THE RIGHTS OF AUTHORS.
A MOVEMENT has been started among literary
people in New York to have the copyright law
amended by Congress in order that writers may
enjoy the fruits of their labor in perpetuity. Under
the present law it is possible fur the rights of a book
to lapse and become public property in the life of the J
writer. A petition to Congress has been prepared and
circulated by Margaret Lee, and many writers and
literary persons have signed it.
In their argument for the desired amendment the
petitioners say: "In Russia copyright exists during
an author's life, twenty-five years after his death and
ten years in addition if an euition of his works is pub
lished within five years of the end of the term: in
Spain, during the author's life and fifty years there
! after; in Germany, for the author's life and thirty
years thereafter; in France, during the author's life
and fifty years thereafter. We demand that the
: United States shall at once take the foremost position
'■ and make copyright perpetual. The reason of the law
is the life of the law; the reason 'for the putting of any
! restriction on the life of the copyright having disap
■ peared, the limitation should cease, and the right of
the author in his work should be perpetual."
No valid argument can be urged against the per
petual copyright asked for in the petition. If a man
use the profits of his labor to buy land the Govern
ment secures the title forever to him and to his heirs
until either he or they sell it. If another man employ
his labor in producing a book he is justly entitled to
as full possession of the property as is given to the
; land-owner. Reasons of public expediency require
that perpetual patents should not be given to invent
ors, for improvements in mechanism affect widespread
industries, and a monopoly of an improvement in
machinery would in some cases amount to a monopoly
of the industry, but no such objection stands against
perpetual copyright for authors.
It is not at all likely the movement will make much
headway until after a prolonged agitation, for the op
position to it will be strong, but it is none the less
i worth while for authors to begin the contest for what
is undoubtedly a natural right. It required many
: years to bring about the arrangement fur an interna
tional copyright between this country and Great
Britain, but in the end the authors were successful.
An earnest and united effort for perpetual copyright
may have a similar history. The literary men of this
generation will hardly profit by it, but they may have
the satisfaction of winning a recognition of the rights
of those who are to follow them.
The cannibalistic natives of the Solomon Islands
seem to carry their notions of friendship to the point
of intolerance According to Count Festetics, who
narrowly escaped providing a feast for the savage 3
in his own adventurous person, the cannibals are as
ready to eat a friend as an enemy.
MUCH ODO ABOUT NOTHING.
O['R Eastern contemporaries are as busily dis
cussing the outlook of the Democratic party
as if it were a matter of concern to the nation.
The signs of the skies visible along the distant hori
zon are interpreted variously. Some gazers perceive
in them evidences that Bryanism is declining, others
see proofs that Bryanism is growing in strength. A
ronsideiable number assert the remonetization of sil-
ver will be the issue in iooo, as it was in the last Presi
dential campaign, while many are convinced the party
will seek new leaders and new issues.
The action of the Maryland Democrats in ignoring
i the money question in their State platform this year
jis taken as a proof that those who are opposed to a
THE.SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
-te«etij;ion of the blunder of '96 will be able to shape
the policy of the party next year. The fact that a gold
Democrat has been nominated for Governor in Ken
tucky is also pointed out as another evidence that the
old Bryanite fervor is giving place to a return of com
mon sense.
It is of course well understood the elimination of
free silver from the contest next year means the de
feat of Bryan for renomination. His candidacy would
make the money question the predominant issue in the
minds of the business elements of the people despite
every -ffoit that could be made by himself or by his
party to set it aside. He is as fully identified with the
silver craze as McKinley with the tariff, and the in- j
telligence of the country will never trust him in a j
position where his power can in any way affect the j
finances of the nation.
That much is generally understood and agreed by
all the political experts who are now considering the 1
future of Democracy. There is confusion, however,
in the discussion as to what issue with the administra
tion the Democrats could raise if the money question
be set aside. It will be impossible to raise an issue on
the subject of trusts, because the Republican party is
not responsible for the existence of trusts and is as
much opposed to their objectionable features as any
Democrat can be. Neither is it at all likely any suc
cess can be gained in arraying Democracy against th?
war policy of the administration, for on that issue
Democracy is divided against itself.
The whole subject is of no more than speculative
interest. It can hardly be called a matter of national j
concern. Whether the party cling to Bryan or turn
from him, whether it fight trusts or ignore them,
whether it denounce the foreign policy of the ad
ministration or not, will matter little. It is as certain
as anything in the future can be that McKinley will
be re-elected. All debates concerning the probable
course of the Democratic party on national issues will
for some time to come be but much ado about noth
ing. Until it has been purged not of Bryan only but
of all the leaders who have made his supreme leader
ship possible there will be nothing for it in each
Presidential contest but to go forth, as Colonel
Watterson ence said, "to a march through a
slaughter-house to an open grave."
Apparently it is only necessary to cross a river in
the Philippines to find oblivion. The fact that Fun
«icn has not been heard of since the action for which
he received his promotion recalls the other fact that
Hully Gee Otis has dropped clear out of sight since
he crossed the Rubicon on a cablegram.
THE RESPONSIBILITIES OF GOOD
CITIZENS.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT, in an address be
fore the summer school of Ocean Grove, N. ]
gave to the cultured audience that gathered to
hear him a plain talk on their political duties and the
extent to which they are responsible for the short
comings of government, whether of the nation, the
State or the city.
It is idle, said the Governor, for a class of people
calling themselves "good citizens" to try to set them
selves apart from politics, for in a country such as
ours the political life must in the long run correspond
to the social and the business life. In the end our
politicians must be exactly what the people allow them
to be. They must represent the people — perhaps the
virtue, perhaps the vice, perhaps the indifference of
the people.
To those would-be reformers who think they are
really doing something for Teform by mere denun
ciations of politicians this plain statement was di
rected: "In blaming the bad politician do not forget
that we are ourselves to blame for permitting his ex
istence. Again, do not let us fall into the mistake of
thinking that we shall ever make politics better by
hysterics in any shape or form. Windy denunciation
of all politicians, good and bad. is the very thing most
advantageous to the bad politician, because such de
nunciation being one-half fahe loses all practical
effect, as it is impossible to separate the true from the
false."
That the intelligence of San Francisco has learned
the lesson Roosevelt undertook to teach at Ocean
Grove has been proven by the results of the recent
primaries. There remains, however, the danger that
the people may not continue to live up to the stan
dard of civic patriotism illustrated in that contest. If
the good citizens who triumphed on that day should
now sit down contented with their victory it is safe
to say the defeated bosses would soon rally their
strength and devise some means of getting back at
least a part of their former power in the municipal
government.
The fight for good government in San Francisco
did not end with the primary elections, notwithstand
ing the completeness of that victory over bosses and
the yellow journal. It will go on until the polls close
on election day. The gangs of spoilsmen who seek to
use the municipal government for their own profit are
tireless workers, ceaseless plotters, and have a cunning
that for some purposes serves almost as well as wis
dom. Against their efforts the intelligence of the peo
ple must be always on guard.
Alexander McDonald, the "Klondike king," seems
to be overwhelmed with distress because in one year
he accumulated liabilities aggregating $6,000,000.
Most people would consider themselves almost
miraculously fortunate to get their fellows to loan
them that amount in a lifetime.
The Yaqui Indians are inspired by a belief that un
der the guidance of the strange Santa Teresa they are
to journey to heaven. The military activity of the
Mexican Government already indicates that the trip
will be fulry as interesting but in another direction.
Dispatches from Havana contain the information
that General Jiminez, the revolutionary aspirant to the
Presidency of San Domingo, has sent an agent to
New York. Pending further advices, it is safe to as
sume that he sent a press agent.
The dispatches declare that a devastating hail storm
absolutely "cleaned" a strip of land twelve miles wide.
The farmers in that part of the country are likely to
change that ancient remark that cleanliness is next to
godliness.
Fearful havoc has been done in the West Indies by
the recent hurricanes. President McKinley might
with profit issue an order for the enlistment of a few
of them for service against the Filipinos.
What a picnic Chief of Police Lees would have if
the criminals hereabout were as talkative as M. Paul
Dcroulede and his confreres. Instead of a sweatbox
he would need a gag.
The Board of Works in Oakland is rapidly becom
ing r by-word for the things it has planned and not
executed. Some wag has rechristened it "the board
of words."
In .1 prize-fight at Philadelphia the other night one
of the principals weakened and claimed a foul. If that
was r.ot an evidence of chicken-heart, what was it?
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
As the Boston Globe, a contemporary
very much esteemed for reliability,
vouches for this story, I accept it as it
stands and with alacrity pass it along:
A committee of the Selectmen of Tyngs
boro, Mass., appointed to inquire Into
the cause of a somewhat mysterious
fire in the town, found reason for be
lieving it was caused by lightning. It
is not the custom in Massachusetts to
let disasters pass as accidental nor to
excuse offenders however high their
station, so the committee reported that
this particular fire was due to "the
carelessness of the Lord."
* • '•
When Boswell in his "Life of Samuel
Johnson" set.the fashion of searching
out everything that can be learned of
the doings of a famous man and pub
lishing it, he was said by a wit of the
time to have added a new terror to
death. Dr. Johnson himself felt the
terror, for he once said: "If I knew
Boswell intends to write my life I'd
take his."
Colonel Ingersoll is the latest sufferer
from the practice, and it is safe to say
if he had known what his fool friends
were going to do after his death he
would have killed them before he died.
Some of them have actually sought out
from old newspapers the verses written
in early manhood by the gifted orator
and republished them as evidence that
he might have been a poet if he hadn't
preferred to be something else.
In doing this Ingersoll's friends have
given Moses a means of attaining a
sweet revenge should he happen to meet
his lampooner in the Elysian fields.
"You were very merry on earth over
my mistakes," Moses will say, blandly,
"but you must concede I never made
the mistake of writing such poetry as
you have done, nor of making such
friends."
The written oratory of Ingersoll at
tests his ability to infuse prose with
harmonies of rhythm almost equal to
the perfection of music, and to niake
the sound of his sentences accord so
fully with the sentiment expressed in
them that, whether grave or gay, lively
or severe, the melody of the cadences
added to the impressiveness of the
thought. It is strange, therefore, that
in' undertaking poetry he fniled utterly.
Such, however, was the fact. The mo
ment he placed his free-flowing words
under the restrictions of verse he lost
his eunninpc and his grace, and he who
in prose moved so swimmingly along no
sooner ventured upon poetry than he
waddled like a duck out of water.
It Is not worth while to quote the
whole of one of Ingersoll's poems to
show what doggerel they are. A few
verses will suffice. Here are some from
a poem published years ago In tho
Greenville (111.) Journal and entitled:
THE WAVY WEST.
Bright, wavy, flow'ry lake.
Where grassy waves in stillness ride,
A wild, unbounded, living tide.
When breezes softly wake.
Where dark-haired Indian girls.
Reclining on thy dewy breast.
In morning dew and sunlight dressed,
Adorned with dewy pearls,
First felt the tender flame —
Saw lover's lips in rapture move;
And felt the trembling beat of love
Thrill wildly o'er their frame. I
See the flower in beauty's ray.
O'er its native sweet* exulting:
But the blast In wtldness sweeping:.
Bears its native sweets away.
See it lone and bleedinr lay,
Anil o'er its petals softly weep,
Till death comes o'er like gentle sleep;
Thus those lovers passed away.
• * •
Lest it be thought unfair to cite Tn
i person's youthful indiscretions in verse
as conclusive proof he could not
j write verse at all, I submit two verses
/rom his latest poem, written shortly
before his death, and entitled "The De
claration of the Free." One stanza runs
thus:
We have no falsehoods to defend—
We want the facts;
Our force, our thought, we do not spend
In vain attacks.
And we will never maanly try
To save some fair and pleaslne lie.
That may be accounted a pretty fair
jingle by those who "want the facts,"
! and Ingersoll was always in want of
i facts; but it is not poetry nor within
a measurable distance of poetry.
Here's another burst, or "bust," from
j the same screed:
We will not willingly be fooled
By fables nursed; ' 'i ~ I
Our hearts by earnest thought are schooled
To bear the worst;
And we can stand erect and dare
All thlnss, all facts that really are.
• • •
"With blank verse, being freed from
the necessity of rhyme, and freeing
himself from the metrical laws of po
etry, Ingersoll was more successful
than with other verse, but not much.
We have a specimen of it in lines writ
ten upon the back of a photograph
given to his daughter, and which are
believed to be the last words he wrote:
Immortality,
With its countless hopes ana rears beating
aaralnst the shores of time and faith,
Wils Dot born of any book, nor of any creed,
nor of any religion.
It was horn of human affection, and It will
continue to ebb and flow
Beneath the mists and clouds of doubt and
darkness as lone as love kisses the lips of
death. . .
It Is the rainbow hope, shining: on the tears of
crlef.
Of such character are the poetic re
mains of Robert Ingersoll, and as they
are doomed to die anyhow the true
friends of his fame will wish these re
mains had been incinerated with all the
rest of him that was mortal.
» • «
It is surely unnecessary to quote any
specimen of Ingersoll's prose to show
how widely its rippling or thundering
cadences, rolling along in untrammeled
freedom and force, differed from his
halting verse. Still it is worth while to
furnish a specimen to bring the con
trast impressively to the mind, and the
following passage is interesting not
only as an illustration of his style but
as a statement of what he aimed to
accomplish in oratory. It is taken from
the Westminster Gazette, and as it oc
curs in the course of some observations
made upon public speaking in America
and Great Britain, it is perhaps a spec
imen of his conversational rather than
his oratorical style; but it will serve my
purpose and be more interesting to tho
general reader than the well-worn quo
tations from famous speeches with
which all are familiar.
He is quoted as having: said: "There
is no difference between the real Eng
lish and the real American orator. Ora
tory is the same the world over. Tho
man who thinks on his feet, who has
the pose of passion, the face that
thought illumines, a v^ice in harmony
with the ideals expressed; who has
logic like a column and poetry like a
vine; who transfigures the common,
dresses the ideals of the people in
purple and fine linen; who has the art
of finding the best and noblest in his
hearers, and who in a thousand ways
creates the climate in which the best
grows and flourishes and bursts into
blossom— that man is an orator, no
matter of what time or what country."
That Ingersoll's oratory fell a long
way short of the standard he set up
goes without saying. No man attains
his ideal in anything unless he be a
base man whose Ideals are base. Nor
does it matter much, for, after all, the
true life of man is spiritual, not physi
cal; In the thought and the aim, not in
the action and the attainment. Inger
soll aimed at a lofty oratory, and if in
his desire to gain applause from his au
diences he paid more attention to the
vine of rhetoric than to the column of
logic, dressed very commonplace ideas
in the purple of gorgeous words, and
not infrequently appealed to what is
lowest and meanest in men rather than
to what is noblest, he is to be forgiven
—partly because we need to be forgiven
much ourselves, partly because he is
dead and will do it no more, but mainly
because he stuck to what was best In
himself and rarely wrote poetry.
Senator Chauncey Depew. who has
long been regarded as one of (.he most
genial as well as one of the most effect
ive of after-dinner orators, has recently
declared that to make a hit with a
speech to men who are well lined with
a good dinner and desire to top off with
a feast of reason and flow of soul It is
"absolutely essential to leave some
body's hide on the fence."
Such a statement from that source Is
surprising, for Mr. Depew has the repu
tation of leaving nothing on the fence
but chestnut burrs. The truth of it,
however, is not to be disputed. A Sher
idan, indeed, may achieve triumphs,
"though his wit in the combat, as gentle
as bright, never carries a heart-stain
away on its blade"; but the average
speaker can never please a crowd un
less he takes the hide off a neighbor.
Most men, indeed, are so fond of seeing
somebody else hided that almost every
man who practices the art of taking the
hide off is generally regarded as a wit.
Yet it should not be so. As a matter
of fact it requires more wit and more
imagination to say complimentary
things about a neighbor or a companion
at a festal board, and cover the hide
of his reputation, than to strip him to
the bone and expose his skeleton.
It is to be hoped Senator Depew will
practice in the Senate what he has
preached for dinner parties. Since the
awakening of Ingalls from the irides
cent dream of political life there has
not been in the Senate one-half as
much of hide stripping as the people
desire. The Congressional Record has
become as dull as a comic weekly, and
there is no joy in it except for folks
who like statistics. If the fresh Sen
ator from New York will immediately
jrfpon the assembling of Congress pro
ceed to make a hit at Tillman of South
Carolina the gayety of the holidays will
be increased, whether the hide left on
the fence happen to be that of Tillman
or that of Depew.
Out of the discussions that in the
East have followed the exposure of bar
barities inflicted in the way of punish
ment upon the unfortunate inmates of
a girls 1 reform school in New Jersey
there has come one little gleam of hu
mor and of good. The trend of the dis
cussion is to determine the best means
of making refractory girls behave
themselves, and many children have
been invited to give their ideas on the
subject. One of them is quoted as say
ing: "I just love music, Jewsharps and
brass bands and organs and all kinds;
and when I'm very bad at home they
play me good. Yes. sir, it is just this
way: instead of punishing me they put
me on a sofa and play easy, soft mu
sic, and somehow It makes me gooder
and gooder."
On arriving at New York the other
day the passengers of the Campania
beheld upon the pier a vast concourse of
people and heard the strains of a brass
band blaring out: "See, the Conquering
Hero Comes." The passengers were
therefore aware that among their num
ber was one whom the American people
are proud to honor, so they lingered on
the deck, waiting to see him go ashore.
The first that walked down the gang
plank was Senator Wolcott, orator,
statesman, lawmaker, member of
the Bimetallic Commission. The peo
ple paid no attention to him. Then
followed Israel Zarigwill, novelist,
dramatist, lecturer and wit. Upon
him there pounced three reporters,
but the crowd let him pass un
noticed. Next along the gangplank
tripped Tod Sloan, the Incomparable
jockey, the victor of a hundred bril
liantly won races, but still the people
waited. All at once the band sent forth
louder and more triumphant strains,
the vast concourse of people waved hats
and handkerchiefs and canes, and
shouted as in a delirium of joy, for, be
hold—they saw "Pedlar" Palmer.
Now, "Pedlar" Palmer is not a pedlar,
but a prize fighter, and he has come tc
this country to elevate pugilism. We
have thus an illustration of the trend
of public favor in the metropolis.
Statesmen, wits and race riders are as
nothing; they are lumped on a common
level and ignored when the fisticuff
man comes to town. Admiral Dewey
may account himself fortunate that he
is to reach New York in a ship of his
own and will not have to run the risk
of having his reception spoiled by the
simultaneous arrival of some "pug"
from Pugtown.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. Leonard W. Ely of New York is at
the Palace.
G. M. Englcs, a lumberman of Prima, is
at the Russ.
Dr. H. Trowbridge of Fresno is stop
ping at the Lick.
Senator William Cutter of Paralso
Springs is at the Grand.
William Beokman, the banker, of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
W. W. Middlesoff, an attorney of Stock
ton, is registered at the Lick.
Fred Stoll, a well-known mining man of
Dawson City, is at the Russ.
Joe Craig, proprietor of Highland
Springs Hotel, is at the Grand.
William M. Thornton, a well-known
mining man and banker of Anaconda,
Mont., is a truest at the Palace.
Dr. P. S. Kellog and Dr. W. R. Wash
burn, surgeons In the United States army,
arrived yesterday from the East and ara
Btopping at the Occidental.
Miss S. H. Barnes, a nurse In tha
Tnited States armyv arrived last ntgnt
from New YVr'k-(;ity and 1. topping at
the Occidental. She served in Cuba dur
ing the war and is now en route to Ma
nila. While in Cuba she was attached to
the Seventh Army Corps.
Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Hayes of tho
United States Fourth Cavalry arrived
last night from Washington en route to
Manila, where he will be assigned to
active duty. Colonel Hayes has been in
Cuba since the inception of the war and
has earned a military reputation seconrt
to none. He will not tarry long in thU
city but will leave very shortly for the
Philippines. He is a guest at the Occi
dental.
A. special meeting of the San Francisco
Leaf Tobacco Dealers' Association was
held yesterday for the purpose of bidding
farewell to M. P. Kohlberg one of the
largest leaf tobacco dealers in the city,
who goes to New York to-morrow. The
I gentleman came here in 1872 and engaged
in the manufacture of cigars, but later.
in company with his partners devoted
his energies to the leaf tobacco business.
He will engage in the same line In New
York. Resolutions of respect were passed.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Howard T.
Thomas Jr. of San Francisco is at tno
Hoffman. Miss Alice Neilson of San Fran
cisco is at the Gilsey. Miss L.. B. O Neill
of San Francisco is at Marlborough. Dr.
do Chantreaux of San Francisco is at the
Martin.
. ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— F. A. Bergen
and William L. Duncan of San Francisco
are at the St. James. Charles L. Lloyd
of Oakland Is at the Metropolitan.
_■ ♦ «
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DIVE-E. R. C, City. No one ever
dove from either the old or the new Cliff
House into the ocean.
CHARLES PROHMAN— M. C City.
Charles Frohman of theatrical fame is
not in the city at this time nor is he ex
pected here.
ECOLE DES BEAUX ARTS— A. S.. City.
Women as well as men are admitted as
students in the Ecole dcs Beaux Arts In
Paris, France. .
INSPECTION— S., City. The baggage of
emigrants departing from England is not
subject to inspection by the officers of the
Custom-house.
BILLIARDS-A. S. 8., City. The record
of billiards was published in the depart
ment of Answers to Correspondents in
The Call of July 27 under the heading of
i "Billiard Playing."
I'NIFORMS-E. R., City. There Is no
law that prescribes that the President
and the Vice President of the 1 nlted
States shall wear a uniform, nor is there
any that provides that Governors of
States shall wear one.
E VRTHQUAKE PREDICTIONS—Sub
scriber. City. It was Falk who predicted
earthquakes in California, and one of his
predictions was that there would he one
in August, but he did not fix the date.
THE STEAMER CHINA-M. X., City.
The Pacific Mail steamship China did not
arrive in San Francisco in August . IW>-
She arrived July 20. 1896. and sailed for
Hongku;ig on the 30th ofjthe same month.
AT fiRAVELOTTE-J. T. M., City. The
greatest loss during the Franco-Prussian
war was at Gravelotte August IS. IS7O. The
French loss was ir>73 out of 120.000. and
fhe German loss 20.577 out of 14R.000, which
Includes 4440 killed, 15,189 wounded and 939
missing.
TAX LEVY— A. O. S., City. In San Fran
cisco the Board of Supervisors must, on
or before the first Monday in May. annu
ally Uny the amount of taxes r-quired to
be levied by law upon all property not ex
empt from' taxation.
REWARD FOR FIXDING-J. X., City.
A person who in the State of California
finds any valuable thing is entitled to be
reimbursed for all necessary expenses in
curred in protecting the same, and Is en
tit!,-.1 to a reasonable reward for keeping
the same fur the owner.
PUBLIC PRINTER— S. D. F., City. The
Public Printer at Washington, D. C, has
charge of all business relating to the pub
lic printing and binding. He appoints the
officers and employes of the Government
printing office and purchases all necea-
Bary machinery and material.
FOR COMIC PAPERS— J., City. If you
believe that you have ability to write for
comic papers all you have to do is to sub
mit some of your manuscript to the editor
of the paper you select. If the matter
meets with the' approval of the editor you
will itnd a market for your writings.
VOLUNTEERS— R., City. The follow
ing named States furnished volunteers
during the late war which were sent to
the Philippine Islands: California, Colo
rado lowa. Kansas. Minnesota. Montana,
Nebraska. New York. North Dakota, Ore
gon Pennsylvania, South Dakota. Tennes
see, Utah, Washington and Wyoming.
BREAD RIOTS— A. S., City. None of
the published accounts give the exact
figures of the number of people killed dur
ing the bread riots of Italy in 1898. You
can obtain the information by sending a
lft lor of inquiry to William F. Draper.
United States Emha??aanr ExtraorrHnarv
and Minister Plenipotentiary, Rome,
Italy.
ORANGES— S., City. It is impossible to
answer the question "How many carloads
of oranges were shipped from this State
for the season ending May, 1899? Do not
include lemons in giving reply." for the
reason that oranges and lemons are not
segregated in the statistic of shipments,
but all go under the head of "citrus
fruits."
A NOTE— Subscriber, City. If you hold
a note payable on demand dated June,
1592. and you have not received the money
due. you can not now sue, as the statute
of limitations runs against it, notwith
standing the fact that in lS9f> there was
made a small payment thereon. The limi
tation does not run from the time of th©
last payment on a note. •
RINGWORM— O. S.. City. There are a
number of remedies for ringworm, but
this department cannot give such, as it
does not undertake to perform the func
tions of a physician. A person so afflicted
should consult a reputable physician, as
there may be conditions which may ra
quire a sort of treatment which might be
directly opposite to any of the so-called
remedies which might be published.
MOTHS— Subscriber, City. It is not the
moth that does the mischief but the mag
got which springs from the eggs deposited
In the early spring by tue moth. Wherever
such are suspected to exist spraying with
camphorated alcohol or diluted creosote
is said to destroy the eggs. If in clothlnjr
or furs these should be exposed to the sun
and well beaten, then wrapped in newspa
pers, as printers' ink is deadly to the mae
got: or put some camphor in the chest or
closet in which the articles are kept
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townsend's. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510-Moni.
--gomt.ry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Dishonored His Cloth.
Henry Hadler. who deserted from th«
California Heavy Artillery while stationed
at Lime Point and served a term on Al
catrai Island, was yesterday arrested by
Detective Ryan on a charge of petty
larceny. He is accused of stealing a lot
of grain bags from J. Andrews' barn 82
President McKinley and His Wife
Will travel over the Northern Facific Railway
when they visit the famous Yellowstone Park.
They Intend viewing the new geyser that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling water
to the height of the Call building. It's a
wonderful sight. Send 6c in stamps for book
telling all about it to T. K. STATELER Gea.
Agt., 638 Market st.. S. F.
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Sante T*
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rat© of $88 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment, G. A. R. Call at
62S Market st. for full particular*.MISCELLANEOUS.
PLAIN FIGURES TBLJL THE TALE.
See Our Big Glass Front for Best Furniture
Bargains in San Francisco !
Ful^ G Is s s -r8R E , Cor, 16th and Mission Sts,
SPECIAL SALE AT SPECIAL PRICES
OF ODD PIECES OF UPHOLSTERY !
ALL OUR OWN MANUFACTURE.
Corner Chairs. Morris Chairs, Roman Chairs, Rockers, Easy Chairs, Divans,
Tete-a-Totos. Turkish Chairs and Rockers, Sleepy Hollow Chairs, Lounges Re-
clining Chairs. Parlor Suites— ln Brocat 'lie, Tapestry, Velours, Crushed Plush,
Leather. Roman Velvet and all the new things. Reliable, durable and stylish
Parlor Furniture.
We sell everything for Home Furnishing. Upholstering and repairing old
furniture.
Swell Novelties in Fancy Rockers, Stoves and Ranges.
CARPETS, STRAW MATTING, RUGS.
A RARE CHANCE to obtain a handsome carpet or rug at a low
price during this great price-reducing sale now in progress.
fiftr for 75c tapestry Brussels car- '-} tZf\ for $4.00 Smyrna Rugs.
""*" pets— handsome .patterns. I <^»^vF
100 for $1.25 Moquette nd Velvet i A „ for $6 00 Smyrna Rugs .
■•"V Carpets— immense showing of|^f-.3|J
choice patterns. ;
||f| for $1.50 Velvet Carpets— best jft HO for $12.00 Dantzu Jap Rugs.
•■" quality— values possible to zfm\J\J ( jxl2.
duplicate again 0 Smyrna Rugs. . 6x
Special offerings in AXMIN- 13. UU i,ic
STER RUGS at $15.00, $10.00, ft (\f\ B -" WV7 10.6.
$12.00 and (J ' i;u rj j- /ia for $35.00 Smyrna Rugs,9xl2;
*J»v)U absolutely best quality.
StraW MattingS, | Japanese Mattings — fancy, inlaid and
Fancy effects— 2sc quality 15c ! plain effects— hundreds of patterns to
Chinese mattings, beautiful colorings, j select from— best values ever 2OC
20c quality for 12 1 -<• I offered— per yard, 2oc and v
LACE CURTAIN BARGAINS.
$10,000.00 worth of fine Lace Curtail I $5.00 Lace Curtains, this sea-
will go on sale. These curtains were j son's patterns, will go at. a 3 # 3
recently purchased by us from a large \ pair •
importer at 50c on the $1.00. Th are , 87.50 ones at $4.75 \ ones at *;!,-!!
a ,l new, fresh goods. The bargains: |gj ones at J|igg || ones at JliloO
J2.00 Lace Curtains this sea- j By the yard-Sash Muslins and Nets
son s patterns, will go at, a 1.25 lat 10c a yard up. The most complete
! ' alr i line of these goods shown by us. All the
$3.00 Lace Curtains, this sea- fancy novelties.
son's patterns, will go at, a 2.35 j Odd Curtains for Couch Covers— "im-
P air ported" border all around -reversible,
$4.00 Lace Curtains, this sea- heavy quality, worth $5.00 each;
son's patterns, will go at, a 3">E^ ' will be closed out at, "% *7 PL
pair 3.^J j each **'J
B^Any car is-a car for PATTOSIEN'S.
All Fi!lmore-st. cars and a!! Mission-st, and Yellow Kearny-st. cars pass our store.
REDS CONTINUE TO WIN.
Take the Champions Into Camp Twice
in One Day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
W. '
-
..1J S4 .163
BOSTON, au?. 12. — Boston lost two I Lines to
Cincinnati to-day hy scores of 7 to 2. The
Cmi innatis have thus won fourteen sanies
itraight. Willis' passes in the first with Bos
ton's errors pave Cincinnati a walkover In the
first game. Phillips pitched masterly ball in
the second game, while Bailey was pounded
bard and nften. Selbach made a phenomenal
catch in the fifth inning of the first game.
Stafford was given ten clays' notice of his re
l «» a . r yesterday. Darkness ended the second
franM sft'-r eighth inning. Attendance, £500.
Kcore, Sirs', game:
R. H. E.
Boston .... 2 10 1
««"::""""■."."." 7 C "
Batteries— 'Willis* and Bergen; Taylor and
I eitz. l_'mp!ros— Lynch and Connolly.
Score, Hecond game:
r^;r . 2 ** E
Cincinnati 7 9 1
Potteries- Bailey, Nichols and Clarke; Phl!
lii.3 and Peitz. Umpires— Lynch an I Connolly.
BROOKLYN. Aug. -Brooklyn and Louis
ville broke even in to-day's double-header
before 9COO spectators. The Brooklyns were
outplayed in the first, the Colonels pUttinj? up
fast ball and taking advantage of ra^g^d tleM
ir.K. Casey did especially poor work at third,
his three errors letting i^i three runs. In th*
second game Wilhelm was batted hard in the
first and third innings, while MrJam«s was
*-fi>ctl". c. The second game was called at the
end of the fifth Inning en account of darkness,
fc'core. first game:
Club- R. H. E.
Ix»u!h-viUe 1 12 2
Brooklyn *> « »
Batteries— Dowllnp and Powers; Dunn and |
Farre-11. UonpiresT-Gaftney and Latham. >
§ Score, second game: ;
C!ub _ R. H. E.
Louisville 2 ' i<
Brooklyn « " i |
Batteries— Wllhelm and Zlmmer; Mr-James I
and McGulro. Umpires— Oaffney and Latham.
PHILADELPHIA, Auk. 12.— Chiracs
played in a listless manner to-day, which,
coupled with their InablUtv to hit Donohue
allowed the Phillies to Mint mem out. Attend
ance, 10,554. Score:
Club- n f ; H. E
Chirac ° ,2 2
Philadelphia •' 13 2
Batteries— and Donahue; Donohue
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
UA PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTI> i I FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
L. r. DCCCV Manufacturer of Beltine and JAS- IV FS & CO., fc '. hi f'f' i: '- Kuu-hcrs. lot
LT. fitUtX, Lac? Lo.ith.r. JOS-107MIS- JA3 PJIL3 CU,, | ,„;-. Tel. Main 1294.
s lon St. , cor^Spgar. Telephone Main 562. HARDWARE
BOILER MAKERS. • FJALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
-^t, . T»/-vTT TTn TTTrVT>I7'O * mm hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 7i2.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, - - FOU «^i
W. J. BKADY. Proprietor. Western Foundry. Morton X Medley. Props.
H'-;!al Attention raid to Repairs and Ship 234 Fremont St Castings of Every l>e-
Work. scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
Clficc and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. paper dealers.
Telephone Main 00-to. y... . «Bf TTTr PULP AND PAPER CO..
...OOKS AND STATIONERY. WlLLAffltl I E 72. Montgomery St ra ,-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, Hlir printing ™n™>.-
:\h rnAftbiobUntiWolUluriini, HiirHFC printer.
34"" to 350 Geary Street, above Powell. L- V* 1 - iIU VI I 1 i-.0>611 Sanaome street.
!ALB HOOKS AND BTATIONBBY. — —
COAL. ccKB AND PIG IRON. " iiißinciis-jiiDPco.. blnders , 23 Flrst Bt .
J C WILSON & CO., STATIONER AND PRINTER.
900 BATTERY STREET. T^ ( [f^P AR TRIDGE m a a LV
"*"■•' Telephone Main 1564. — — — —
— WliiTti ASH STEAM COAL.
COPI'KWSMITH. Mlned by the
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. M r. H j^CK DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO.. at Its
C. V, Smith. Ship Plumbing. Steambont " ' •■ GREEN RIVER COLLIKKIES.
end Ship Work b Specialty. 16 nndiS - Is tl»e Best Coal In the Murk et
Vashin 2 ton St Telephone Main 564 1. Office and }ards~4sQ Mala street.
and Douglass. Umpires Emslle and McDon
ald.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 12.— Chesbro proved an
easy mark for the Orioles to-day, and with
Kitsnn in flnf f'.rm thp contest was a pn -
n amun.l thi r the home play
ers Attendance, 3224.
Club— R. H. E.
burg 2 S 4
Baltimore 16 14 l
irlver; Kltson and
Smith. Umpires -O'Day and Hunt.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— St. Louis won to
day's Kam^ In the sixth Inning when Hve hits
me three-bai oil Mercer.
Errors h> the Senators a.'-^- . swelling
the visitors' score. Attendance, 2
Club— R. 11. K.
■\Vashlnßton 3 9 S
61 Louis 9 13 3
Batteries— Mercer and Dunran; Cuppy and
SchrecongOßt. Umpires — Swartwood and i
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— The New York? won
two games from the Clevelands to-day with
apparent case. In neither game could the visi
tors hit the local pitcher. Score, first game:
Club— R. M. E.
New York 13 IS 3
Cleveland 1 4 3
Batteries— Doheny and Warner; EatPs and
Bugdcn. Umpires — Manasaau and McOarr. ■
Score, second game:
Newark R. H. E.
New Y"ork 6 9 1
Cleveland 2 5 0
Batteries— Carrlck and Warner; Schmidt a.nd
Sugden. Umpires— Manasaau and McOarr.
Easily Answered.
Whenever there was to .in examination
at school little Sammy generally had a
sudden attack of illness.
This time, however, his memory turned
traitor, so he found himself an unwilling
victim.
Tlie questions were unusually hard that
day, and Sammy felt that ho was doom* I.
Hiß ■<:\y hope was that the teacher would
all hint up; but even this began to
• and when at last he heard his
name Sammy arose with the air of a
y r.
v. Sammy," began the teacher, "I
want you to u\l me In which battle I. r!
n was killed."
In despair, but he must
prove himseli equal to the emergency.
"Did you say T.<>rd Nelson?" he asked,
:.siy.
"Which battle?"
"Yes. Fri which battle was he killed?'"
"Wai," said Sammy, with apparent sur- I
at such an easy Question, "I
it mu.-t ci ben his last."'
THE rAN laiAiSOL^CO ■'GA.L.L, fc>U.NJ>AY\ AUGUST 13, ISjj).
EXTRA SESSION ADVOCATES
DISPLAY GREAT ACTIVITY
Daylight Conference of Bosses at Crimmins' Saloon
to Round Up San Francisco Members
of the Legislature*
Rumors That Buckley and Burns Meet Kelly, Crimmins and Rainey
Excite "the Push' -Senators and Assemblymen
Interview Dibble,
EXTRA session advocates are
lining up for concerted ac
tion. The leaders of the
movement ar<- more confident
than ever before that Gov
ernor Gage will convene the Legislature
in special session. Judge Dibble has
i repared the proclamation, hut the
<;>>vernor. before signing it, may de
mand -that Senators and Assemblymen
to the number of sixty-one shall pledge
themselves in writing to elect a Sena
tor.
There was unusual activity among
the extra-sessionists yesterday. Politi
cians were excited by rumors of a con
fr-renee at Crimmins' saloon in which
Bosses Buckley, Kelly, Rainey, Crim
mins and Burns, according to the first
. participated.
The Call ascertained that Crimmins,
Kelly and Rainey exchanged views on
th<^ situation at the place mentioned,
but that Buckley and Burns were not
present when the roll of bosses was
called. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon
Judge Dibble interviewed Crimmins.
and subsequently Al Evans reported to
the Mexican at the elubrooms over
Gunst's store on Kearny street. The
politicians who are so strenuously ad
vocating an extra session were prompt
ly apprised of th<= conference at Crim
mins' place. The report that Buckley
attended the conference was erroneous.
us the blind boss was at his farm near
Livermore all day yesterday.
Senator Cutter of Marysville arrived
in the city yesterday afternoon and
dinfri with Judgre Dibble in the evening.
The S< nator was not prepared early
last night to impart his views regard
ing the proposed extra session. When
sounded on the subject he pave an an
swer which a court would not accept
as responsive t<> the question addressed
to him. The Senator told The Call that
he did not have the confidence of Gov
i rnor Gage and therefore was not able
t.. say whether an extra session would
be called.
T)i»- Senator, when seen late last
evening, after he had met and discuss
politica with 1 "ibble, s.tid he
was of the impression that there
would certainly be an extra session.
Senator Cutter s:tys he is in this city
to have his teeth fixed and domes the
imputation that he is fcere to attend :i
But this the Senatoi will
admit, that ho has seen and talked
over the railing of an extra session
with many members of the Legislature.
and they all agree in the belief that
such a session will be held.
other members of the Legislature are
in the city and others still are coming,
to the delight of the dentists. Each
one will have a "heart-to-heart" talk
with Judge Dibble. The interviews
which take place at Dibble's law office
in the Mills' buildine relate to the sub
jecta which the proclamation shall em-
When a member from Shasta,
Tuolumne or Santa Barbara indicates
the measure of Legislation that is con
sidered most urgent by his constituents,
Judge Dibble signifies that the urgent
subject may be embodied in the proc
lamation for an extra session, provided
that no objection shall be interposed by
the county to the election of Burns.
3latorß who do not fall in line re
a hint that the proclamation will
not embrace subjects of vital impor
tance to their constituents.
Assemblymen C. W. Merritt of Santa
Barbara and J. H. Beecher of Shasta
are in town. Agents of the Southern
Pacific's political bureau made a tour
of the State recently and sought to as
certain the sentiment of interior mem
bers on the proposed extra session. No
doubt all the information obtained has
been conveyed to the Mexican. The
conference at rrimmins' saloon yester
day had reference, presumably, to the
necessity of rounding up the members
Of the San Francisco Republican dele
ration in the Legislature. As two of the
San Francisco Democrats in the legis
lative body receive orders from Rainey,
the presence of the last-named boss at
the conference is accounted for. In a
hard pinch Rainey could help the Mex
ican.
Gage comprfh^ndf that he would he
placed in a sorry plight before the peo
ple of the State if members called to
gether in extra session should wrangle
and create another deadlock over the
Senator* hi p. A session of two weeks
would coat a good, round sum of money.
A prolonged session would empty the
.:y and arouse the wrath of tax
payers/ The urgent business that the
railroad and the bosses have now in
hand. Is to convince Gage that the mem
bers when called together will obey
orders, elect a Senator and adjourn.
BUCKLEY AT WORK.
Blind Boss Rapidly Reorgan
izing His Faithlu! Forces.
In the roming Domocratic convention
Jasper McDonald has rrnt a clear field
for the chairmanship. It. is said that
P EL McCarthy is casting longing eyes
on the position and claims to have quite
a strong support, especially from the
south side of Market street districts.
Many of the McDonald supporters,
however, claim that McCarthy will not
be "in it," as it Will be shown before
long that Rainey is behind him in his
fight and is trying to sneak him in on
the- convention! and that as soon as
McCarthy has his fight fairly started
tho McDonald supporters will explode
a bombshell in his camp that will sat
isfy Mr. McCarthy that being just a
plain delegate will be his limit in the
convention.
There if no d^ubt that Mr. Rainey is
using all his political skill and wisdom
to gain a strong hold in the convention
with the aid df tlip Examiner and de
mand more than a little recognition.
With the Examiner at his hack h^
thinks he ran whip the MrDonaidites
Into line and scare them into giving
him a gopd part <>f the nominations.
Thai he has confidence in his anility
to control tho convention to some ex
tent is shown hy the manner in which
he pretends to hand out nominations
at this early date.
There has been a story freely clrcu
latPd among the Raineyites that the
Push-street boss has told his friend,
Tom Burke, in the Thirty-seventh Dis-
trict, to get out and hustle votes — not
convention votes, but votes for election
day, for himself, as Rainey had selected
him as his choice for Sheriff, and the
nomination was assured and the goods
would be surely delivered.
Jn many of the districts Rainey saw
that it would be useless to put up a
ticket of his own,'and in order to bf> in
at thp roundup "supported" the ticket
put up by the Democratic Committee of
One Hundred. In all but one or two of
such instances Rainey had no voice in
the selection of delegates, but after
election claimed that his "support" had
done the work and elected the ticket in
the district
In the Forty-third District it war.
common talk among politicians that of
the thirteen delegates on the ticket
seven were Committee of One Hundred
men and that Rainey owned the re-
maining six
If the Committee of One Hundred had
won but a bare majority of the dele-
gates Rainey's men would have been
anxious to hold together and demand
many favors for their boss, but the
Committee of One Hundred won so
many of the delegates that many who
were willing to claim Rainey as their
boss before the primary have now de-
A LOCAL INSTITUTION
Which Has Met With Remarkable
Success.
THE CONTINENTAL BTTTLDrNa AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION FAR AHEAD OF ALL
I I ►MPETITORS.
Itfi Protection of Stock io'dcrs and Sound
Financial Policy the Basis <•*
PubMc Confidence.
The Continental Building and Loan
Association of California has just com
■ pleted a decade of remarkable success.
Since its organization on July 17, 1889,
the advancement of the association has
surpassed the hopes of its directors and
stockholders. The recent years of finan
cial depression had no terrors for the
Continental. While other institutions
of its kind met with failure this asso
ciation, owing i" the splendid Induce
ments its system offered fnr those who
• desired to build homes out of their
weekly or monthly income, has forged
steadily ahead, increasing its assets
: each year. The Continental's increase
in subscribed capital during the last
four years is particularly gratifying.
i >n June 30, 1594. its subscribed capital
amounted to $650,700. On June 30, IS9'.»,
'. it amounted to $5,425,500.
At the. end of June, 1898, the Conti
■ nental's assets amounted to $986,401 30.
! Its assets June 30. this year, were
(1,321,845 14. representing an increase of
34 per cent in its assets and 20 per cent
in its shares in force.
During the year 534 loans were made,
fourteen of which are already paid off.
j These were distributed In forty-nine
I cities and towns in the State. The prof
its of thn association during the last
year were $120,007 73, representing a
profit of $10.00* per month. The net
, amount turned into profit for the mem
bers during the year was $89,901 88. In
addition to this dividends of 6 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits and 7
per cent on term deposits have been
maid. Ten per cent dividends were paid
*to holders of class "F" stock, and 13 per
(■•• nt tn holders of class "A" stock.
The progressive record of the Conti
nental's subscribed capital during the
last five years was as follows:
1894, June 30 $ 650.700
1894, December 31 $1,229,650
1895, June 30 $1,340,200
189"., December 31 $1,740,000
1896, June 30 $2,393,100
1896, December 31 $3,986,100
1597, June 30 $5,303,400
1897, December 31 $6,340,600
189S, June 30 $7,012,900
1898 December 31 $7,332,700
189», June 30 $5.428.;-00
The Continental's system governing
the withdrawal of stockholders is spe
cially devised for the protection of the
remaining stockholders. A great many
associations have allowed their stock
holders to become crippled by with
drawals. Reference to a sworn copy of
the report of the association, now on
file with the Building and Loan Com
missioners, shows that withdrawing
stockholders have left with the associa
tion $5976 33 of their profits. This report
covers every phase of the Continental's
prosperous affairs, and the directors of
the association respectfully invite the
public in general to peruse the docu
ment at their office at 331 Montgomery
street.
During its ten years of prosperity the
Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion has assisted tenants to build
homes of their own.
Much has been said against the build
ing- and loan system, but everybody
who joins the association realizes that
it is better to own his own home than
pay rent. In the majority of cases the
monthly installments paid by the. mem
bers ar" no larger than rental pre
viously paid. All over the United
States the tendency of the poorer
classes of people with an ambition to
own their own home is toward the
building and loan system. Throughout
the t'nitcd States there are fully 7,000,
--000 persons who have acquired homes
in this manner.
At no time in the history of our State
have the opportunities of securing a
home been as favorable as they are to
day. Disturbed conditions are rom
j mencing to resume their ordinary pla
cidity. The large number of soldiers on
their way to the Philippines left a large
amount of money in California,
The Continental Building and Loan
Association furnishes every one an op
portunity to own a home. Coroner Kd
E. Hill is president of the association,
and Captain Oliver Eldridge the vice
president. William Corbin is secretary
and general manager, and he will gladly
furnish all information in reference to
the methods of the association to those
who call or write for particulars to his
office at 222 Sansome street.
ONE BECORD BROKEN.
Close of the Championship Bicycle
Meet at Montreal.
MONTREAL, Aug. 12.— The last day nf
the world's bicycle meet was attended by
fair weather and a crowd of 15,000 persons.
Only one record was broken— the five-mile
amateur tandem unpaced, which Hooper
and Nelson reduced to 10:14 1-. r >. What was
expected to be the star event of the after
noon, the championship match between
the winners nf the mile amateur and mile
professional championships, turned out a
| clared that they were never connected
; with him, but wore merely "supported
! by him. Of the six ante-primary Rainey
• delegates in the Forty-third District
i it would be hard to find one now with
a search warrant.
On Friday evening last a meeting of
: the Democratic League of the Associ
ated Clubs was held in Buckley's Bald
win Annex. There were present some
: 108 members of the executive league. A
committee to procure permanent head
' quartprs was appointed and the ioiiow
[ ing gentlemen were elected to act as
] officers for the ensuing term: H. L,.
Rhea, president; George L. L,oryea, vice
president; Matt Brady, secretary. Ihe
I object of the organization is tor tne
I purpose of securing recognition at th"
coming Democratic convention. They
claim they have many good Democratic
votes, and point to their snowing at
last Tuesday's primary, at which they
polled over 5000 votes. They are to sup
i port the Democratic ticket, and whether
successful or not in the election this
fall intend to stay in the field and show
greater strength at next year s btate
election.
i They want it understood that it is not
' for the purpose of kicking or bolting
that they have organized, but only for
the purpose of holding together and
swelling the vote of the Democratic
i party in future elections.
disappointment Major Taylor refuspd to
ride against Summersgill. the English
champion. There was nothing in it for
tho colored flyer, and. with no money in
sight and without pacing he refused to
take any chances, so Summersgill took
the worlds championship by default, rid
ing it in 2:l^- 3-5.
The five-mile amateur tandem pursuit
race was a rattling one from start to
finish. The teams were started ninety
seven and two-third yards apart. Ine
race went to Hooper and Nelson In the
world's record time for five milt=s tandfm
amateur unpaced of LO:H 1-5, with ingra
ham and Moran in second place and Cal
dow and (Joodson third. All those teams
beat the previous world's record. Sum
maries:
Tw .! mile professional, final heat won by
Major Taylor. Tom Butler second; C. R. Mc-
Carthy. St. I>ouls. third; Watson Coleman, Bos
ton. fourth. Time. 4:32 1-5.
Five-mile tan lem pursuit race. amateur-
Fred H. pt-r I >es Moine?, lowa, and John A.
Nelson, Chicago, won. Time. 10:14 1-5. Win
ners time a world's record. Fractional time, ■
1:57, 4:00 2-6, 6:1 5 2-5, 8:12, 10:14 i-:>.
Five-mile handicap, professional, final heat —
Watson Coleman, Boston i 2: r . yard.«>, won; T.
;: McCarthy, Toronto (350 yards), second; Alf
Boake, Toronto (37:. yards), third; R. O. Blaney,
Brantford, Ontario (450 yard:-'), fourth. Time, |
10:43 l •".. i
World's championship match between win- .
ners. mile professional and world's amateur j
championships T. Bummersgrtll, i,?»&?. Eng
land, walkover.
Columbus trophy race, mile amateur, open to
winner* of first and second places in all ama
teur fvents — Earl Peabody. t'hicaero, won
Time. ■: is S-5.
One hundred kilometer (62 miles ISS yards).
professional championship of the world— Harry
GHbson, Cincinnati, won; A. A. McLean, Chel
sea Mass . second; Alf Boake, Toronto, third.
Time, 2:15:12 1-6.
PATRIOTIC CHILDREN.
Little Ones Entertain for the Benefit
of the Medal Fund.
The entertainment fnr the benefit of the
volunteer medal fund piren by two patri
rtle little misses— Edna Cook and Anita
Smith— closed successfully last evening,
after a week's duration, and the medal
fund will be swelled by about $100 in con
sequence. The little girls, when they con
ceived the Idea of working for the fund,
solicited the donation of a hall located at
4M McAllister street, with a piano and
secured various articles from merchants
which they rallied during the evenings.
They charged an admission of 5 and 10
cents, and the only expense they will have
to bear is for gas used during the week,
which was not donated by the gas com
pany. Those contributing to the success
of the entertainment were; Miss Antoin
ette George. Miss Daisy Bishop, the Mc-
Oinley family, Krerl Adler, Mis? Ethel
Baldwin, Miss May McLaughlin, "Baby"
Lazette and "Baby" Sawy. r.
Park Music To-Day.
Overture, "Mirella" Gounod
"Dervish's Sons," for cornet (William Por
ner) Seheit
Themes from the opera "Rienzi" Warner
Caprice, "Chase of the J-.ion" Koilinsr
Scene? from "BelUsarto" Donizetti
With barytone obbligato by Mr. Colverd.
Overture, "Poet and Peasant" Suppe
Horn quartet, selected
E. Schlott, O. Schlott, F. Huske and C.
Dabelow.
"Temptation Waltz" Bolopneai
Humoristlc, "The Arkansas Traveler" . Reeves
With variation? for all instruments.
"P.anda Rosa March" Sorrentino
Public Schools Buy Typewriters.
Merced County buys all Smith Premier
Typewriters for use in their public schools
from L. & M. Alexander, 110 Montgomery
street. ♦
Credit Due Photographer Hodson.
Through an Inadvertence, due credit
was not given Photographer J. R. Hod
son of 41*5 Geary street yesterday for the
j 1 1 !nts from which tine illustration of the
trotting 1 horse Cunid and his progeny
was reproduced. Mr. Hodson has made a
national reputation with his photographs
of the volunteer soldiers in camp and on
transport ship* and of racehorses at rest
and In action.
"Cars stop here," this is the sign
Tlv Market-Bt. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "('all Bid*-" "tls a pern.
His Final Request.
A Scotch farmer, celebrated in his
! neighborhood for his immense strength
i and skill in athletic exercises, very tre
! fluently had the pleasure of contending
\ with people who came, to try their
| strength agninFt him. Lord D., a great ;
i pugilistic amateur, went from London on
i purpose to fight the athietic Scot. The
I latter was working in an inelosure at a
little distance from his house when the
| noble lord arrived. His lordship tied his
horse to a tree and addressed the farmer.
"Friend. I have heard marvelous reports
of your skill and have come a long way to
see which of us two is the better wres
tler." The Scotchman, without answer-
I ing. seized the nobleman, pitched him over
the' hedge and then set about working
again. When Lord D. got up. "Well,"
said the farmer, "have you anything to
say to me?"
"No." replied his lordship, "but per
hnps you'd be good enough to throw me
my horse."— Public Opinion.
One Was Enough.
This is one of General Miles' stories.
In the Confederate army. Longstreet's
corpa was making a night march. About
4 o'clock in the morning, when every one
was worn out, a Georgia regiment
stopped. A Georgia soldier put his rifle
up against ihe tents on the other side
ot ! where Jjongstreet was.
"Well." he said, "this is pretty hard
— to fight all day and march all night.
But I suppose I can do it for love of my
country. He continued: "I can go hun
gry: [Van fight, if need be: I can die for
my country, because T love my country.
But when this war Is over I'll be blowed
if I'll ever love another country!"— W
oman's Journal.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
3VfTi T=;u i^v- ADVEBTISEMENTS.- -7 ■
:CITYOF^^ PARIS
I DRY GOODS COMPANY.
*
I CLOAK AND SUIT DEP'T
I FOR THE FALL 18QQ.
I Announcement of Arrival of NEW LADIES' TAILOR
I SUITS at Popular Prices.
<i» ■
I We especially mention a Single-Breasted, Tight-Fit- m-jo rA
I ting Ladies' Tailor Suit, in black, gray and blue, at OJLO»L/V/
*
>*: A complete assortment of new ideas in Fur Boas,
* Collarettes and Fancy Neckwear just received.
I Our SPECIAL REDUCTIONS OF SUMMER SUITS to $1.5.00,
* $19.50 and $24.50 are still in force. Styles changed very
*> little. Excellent value. Quantity, limited. 
% COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY EXECUTED. SEND YOUR MEASURES.
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
% S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Stmts, San Francisco. .
% UNION S«^U«RE.
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Sent Free /L-*~-~~-^i 0"i OC
Money Back if IIHgJ3ESjS3B33g y 8 I mmm
you don't like it gp^|| PER GAL.
710-716 Market St
Broadway L;., 1"; J :.. _„ . ~- San
Oakland ■wffiaitoiiicii*^ Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
SEND DIRECT TO US
WOMAN'S BREAST
AND MAN'S LIP
Are the two most common places of the
■whole human body for Cancer.
Any lump in the breast is cancer. Write to
Dr. Chamley for his 120-page book, free, on
symptoms and testimonials of thousands he
has cured in and around San Francisco with-
out knife or pain. Many miraculous cure 3.
The book says no pay until cured. For proof
of his wonderful success, call at his Little Pal-
ace sanitarium, 25 Third St. near Market St.
and see I QOO cancers in alcohol. Book sent free.
£9~SEND THIS TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER.
TRIED TO BEAT
HIS BRAINS OUT
WITH A BOTTLE
Couldn't Stand Being
Called "a Bum."
THOMAS M'GRATH'S RASH ACT
ATTEMPTS TO COMMIT SUICIDE
IN A SALOON.
After Being Disarmed He Butts His
Head Against a Billiard
Table — Determined
to Die.
Because he was called a "bum" by one
of his fprmer associates Thomas Mc-
Grath, who gave his occupation as that
of a laborer, last night attempted to beat
his brains out with a bottle in a saloon ai
Francisco and Mason streets. After in
flicting an ugly wound in his forehead he
dropped the bottle and started to butt his
bead against the billiard table. Seeing
the blood gushing from the wound in his
head and realizing that he was bent on
killing himself one of the bystanders
seized htm by the throat and held him
until a police officer arrived. After being
handcutied McGrath attempted to brean
away from ins captors intending to end
nis existence in tue waters of the bay.
lie was prevented after a desperate
Btruggle and conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital, where he was treated by Dr.
Rumwell.
McGrath, some years ago, was the Beau
Brumnx-l of North Beai a. tit was pus-
B< ssed of considerable money, according
to the statement of his friends, but soon
squandered it In riotous living. Finding
himself penniless he went to tnc interior
of the State and worked as a tarm hand.
Last Friday he returned to this city ana
with the Tew dollars that he had pro
ceeded to have a good time.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last evening: he
visited a saloon at Francisco and Mason
streets and meeting several of his former
associates he asked them to join him In
a drink. As he was shabbily dressed one
of the party jokingly referred to him as
a "bum."
"1 guess you're right." lugubriously re
marked McGrath, picking up a half
emp'Ued bottle of soda water which was
on the counter. "I'll be a 'bum' no
longer."
McGrath then attempted to beal his
brains nut with the bottle when he wa;
seized by his companions and disarmed.
The surgeon at the hospital believes that
McGrath is temporarily deranged from
th^ excessive uso of alcohol. After the
wound in his forehead was dressed he
was taken to the City Prison and charged
with being drunk.
GREAT NAVAL STATION.
Work Which Is to Make League Isl
and ft Useful Navy- Yard.
The work of making League Island t
Navy Yard the greatest naval station in |
1 the country is being rapidiy pushed. The
list day of ".July the appropriation of Can-;
cress of 1800,767 for the improvements will I
I be available, and then will begin the most j
I active preparations for building.
Workmen are now employed on ihe ;
1 fresh-water basin and main causeway.
Thli driveway will be 300 feet wide, and
i when completed will be accessible from
one of the most beautiful entrances to
1 any nav> yard in the world. The Ireah
i water basin, with its 5000 feet of Space, ■
will be retained by concrete wall:- on
either side. The work is to be done this
year. The great portion of the dredtrin.?
of the basin has been, completed, anil the
gravel pumped to the lowlands, now liiled
j to the levees, and along which maple
trees have been planted.
The $800,000 appropriation is for im- ,
provements independent of the new dry
dock. For drodginer and filling the Dela- ;
ware water front there Is provided $50,000; |
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring us the order for glasses. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip. tilt, waver or pinch.
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phone
Main 10.
OPTICIANS< HDl >^^ c '».
642 Market St. instruments
' UADIR CHWllClt Buiiomu
000000000000000000
g™» PALACE a ' h -pI
%GRAND"°Z^!=?Z
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. **
® 1400 Room-:— wi h Bath Attached. ©
O . All Under One Management. O
O NOTE TEE PRICE*: O
O European Flan.Bl.oO per day and upward O
O American Plan. s3. OO per day and upward _
W Correspondence Solicited. ©
0 JOHN 0. KIHKPATBICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
/a* H^& ■ ■ B ■ ■ and Morphine Habits
gl | -. g II ■■ cured at home. Write
: Dial for full particulars
1 i W* 3 i I IWI and book free. CURE.
■■I INDIAN OP. DM CURE,
VI I 818 B. D. KIMMIB, 201 Turk
St., San Franoiset.
extension of reserve basin. $125,000; retain
ing; wall about reserve basin, $100,000; new
roads and walks of yard. Jlo.'XH): ext<
of drainage system, $7000. On the site of
the present two and a half story ofßic
of Admiral Casey the commandant's new
headquarters will be erected at a cost i<(
$33,750. For the east wall of the causeway,
$73,930 is provided; $20,000 will be expended
in building- railroad trackage to the yard
and about the shops; artesian wells will
be drilled at a cost of $5000.
Along the river front to the east will be
constructed quarters for four officers at a
cost of $25,000. The new mechanical ap
paratus will be supplied with lifting
power from a locomotive crane service to
cost $85,000. A new storehouse for ships'
equipment along the reserve basin will
cost $36,000. The new plate-bending shop,
also for construction and repairs, for
which $75.00 i) has been provided, will b€
constructed near the main entrance to
the yard, just south of the commandant's
office, and near it will be a fireproof
storehouse, costing $45,000. The work i>n
all these improvements will begin next
month.
In connection with all this will be con
structed a large coal storage and coal
handling plant, with a capacity of 5600
tons, to be erected near the new drydock.
The drilling for the dock will begin earty
next month, and the work of excavation
at the same time. The dock will be TOO
feet long, and according to present spe -
flcations will be of wood, though the offi
cials about the yard still hope for
favorable legislation at the next session
of Congress which will permit of the dock
being constructed of concrete.
A boulevard is to extend from a point
near the commandant's office across Gov
ernument avenue to League Island Park,
which the city will beautify. From <; >v
ernment avenue to the line of the prop«rtv
of the city is about 300 feet. Here will he
contructeH a fine plaza, and between tho
Board street and League Island Park en
trances there will be a pretty lake.—Phil
adelphia Inquirer.
Knew Henry Irving.
Some yean ago Sir Henry Irving was
called on. in Dublin, to play a heavy part
to which he was not accustomed. One of
the actors had not turned up and there
'. was a vacancy. Irving- had to come on
early in the first act.
Now. the Dublin gallery boy is an in
stitution to himself. There is nothing like
him anywhere.
Conversations between young fellows
■ across from one side of the gallery to the
; other are spoken, in loud tones, and In
the distinct hearing of t he actors.
Irving is. as everybody knows, very
thin, and when he appeared with a stride.
which is one of the m<>st characteristic
things about him. one of these gallery
boys shouted across to another:
"Faix. an' is that him?"
"No," was th>> reply, "them is the
' young man's clothes; they'll shove him
! out later on."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spanish - American
War Panorama
Is one of the war books which is likely
to be in continuous demand. It is a
panoramic record of the triumphs of
Yankee Doodle. The eagle flaps his
winga on every page, and "Old Glory"
waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
war are here portrayed, as well as
many of the "men behind the guns."
Military life is pictured to the eye. from
recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. The
company cook receives the attention
due to his importance; the mess is
shown; cavalry scenes are given; the
hospital arrangements are depicted; the
heroines of the Red Cross service are
displayed; street scenes in Havana,
Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
the new citizens or subjects (which are
they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new
localities and sees the tumultuous new
life, without the risk or expense of a
sea voyage.
The Album is s^xB inches, weighs 12
ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
United States. Canada or Mexico for
12 cents in stamps or coin to cover post-
age and packing. Copy may be seen at
any ticket office ol the Big Four Route.
Order at once, as the edition is limited.
Address WARREN J. "-YNCH, Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big
Four Route." Cincinnati, Ohio.
Mark envelope "War Album."
78
oooooooooooooooooooooooo*
© Big Race Meeting at Santa Rosa,
o Oakland D2feats San Jose.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooc
SANTA ROSA IS
THE MECCA OF
ALL HORSEMEN
Inaugural Meeting of
Big Circuit.
Most Promising: Season for the Har
ness Korse Brigade in the His
tory of Racing in
California.
Th« meeting: of the Pacific Coast Trot
ting Horse Breeders' Association, which
opens nt Santa Rosa to-morrow, in
augurates what gives promise of being the
greatest season of harness races this coast
has mown. The purses are large, the en
tries representative, while the horses are
el! showing exceptional speed in their pre
paratory work. There are 300 horses at
Pierce Brothers' track, Santa Rosa, which
is pronounced the fastest rotting track in
California and one of the fastest in Amer
ica.
Monroe Salisbury, the veteran horse
man, is on the ground and can be seen
every morning directing the training of
his horses and instructing his driver. In
Therori he claims he has a second Azote.
This hoirse was formerly a pacer, but has
taken to the trotting gait. He worked a
half mile at the latter style of going in
1:02*4, a wonderful performance for a
horse which had been trotting less than
one month. This horse is by Albion out
of a Hock Hocking mare, thoroughbred.
The other most promising of the Salis
bury string is Alex B. a green mare by
Nutwood Wilkes out of the dam of Little
Albert , which has worked fast here.
Charles Jeffries is training a public sta
ble, the most promising of which is I Di
rect, which worked a mile yesterday in
»■ l"' + last half in 1:04, la?; quarter in 31U
seconds. Among the other horses in his
string is Hazel Kinney. 2:12 l i; Fannie Put
man, 2:11 1 ,-*; Annie Rooney, 2:17, and a
pri • n pacer.
Charles Durfee is there with \\ ll
liam Herold, 2:13 U. >•>' Sidney out of
Cricket. 2:1G; Roan Vnikes, 2:12', ; Galette.
2:12'~: Clipper, green pacer by Diablo, is
fast;and has worked a mile in 2:14; Mon
ica, a green pacer by McKinney; Harvey
Me by McKinney, with a three-year-old
record of 2:14. the latter the property of
J. C. Kirkpatrick 01 the Palace Hotel.
The veteran Dan Mizner has Al Gregor,
2:11 which will start in the free-for-all.
Frank Bunch has the best conditioned
stable at the track, among his string De
ing [ran Alto, 2:13; Dr. Frazee, . 2:18-4:
Boodle; 2:12^. and a three-year-old trot
ter called Sister D, by [ran Alto, which
should win the Occident stake at Sacra
mento barring accidents and hopples.
Henry Hellman has Ned Thome. 2:18, and
Myrtha Whips, by Whips, no record.
The- best green pacer at the track is
: full brother to Chehalis. 2:04*;. called
Alto Ri'>. H. J. Sawyer (Honest John) of
Portland: Dr., has Deceiver, a pacer, 2:14;
Altitun, 2:lS' and Tickets, by Conductor,
the 1 best green trotter that has shown
here. Mi Fry has Bill Frazier, 2:12, the
fastest pacer at the track.
Si 'k wood has developed into a guideless
wonder and will give an exhibition one
clay during the meeting.
Drndelion, a green pacer by Diablo, the
property of G. W. Fox of Sacramento,
worked'a mile yesterday In 2:10 driven by
a boy. E. S. Parker has Rey Direct.
Everything points to the best meeting
that has ever taken place in California,
as the horses are going faster than ever
before at this season of the year. It is a
common occurrence to see a green pacer
Ftep a mile in 1: 12.
A. B. Spreekeis has Psyche, a green
trotter, which stepped the last half in 1:05
and the last quarter in 32% seconds Fn-
day.
■■: Havey may ho seen any morning
hind som< trotter or pacer working
irark has been in bad condition, but
1 • lightning now. P. W.
1 from the East with Our
■ and G. W. McKinney. Our Lucky
■ rk of LM'' 1 , a 1 Denver, b<
McHenry's mare Sistei D. Mamie Riley,
Mr Spr< ckels, is the fa
■
Vmong the many things made nowadays
<: s t, ishel baskets, which are
,ed oui in the ordinary form. These
in splint baskets, >>ut 1
durable.
The physicians and surgeons who comprise the staff of this well-known
and reliable medical institution are the most successful specialists for all dis-
eases and weaknesses of men the world has ever produced.
A man who ;- suffering with an embarrassing weakness or a dangerous
disease does not experiment when he intrusts his health to Dr. Meyers &
Co. The ability of these specialists is unquestioned. Their institution is
now in it^ nineteenth successful year. Their methods, remedies and ap-
pliances are the best and most expensive. They devote their entire time and
energies to diseases and weaknessi of men and are more proficient in curing
these ailments than other doctors.
THEY CURE PERMANENTLY
Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses, Wasting Drains,
Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, Tumors, Varicocele, Private
Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Kidney Diseases, Bladder Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases,
Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases,
Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
FREE REMEDIES, (JQ fftf ]\[]_ CURED. FREE 4DVICE '
TERMS AND PRICES — If a patient has any doubt about being cured he
may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San Francisco, to be paid to
DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is entirely well. If it is not convenient to do
this payment^ may be made in weekly or monthly installments.
HOME CURES — There are men in every city, town and school district
throughout the West who have been cured by DR. MEYERS' successful
HOME-CURE system. Although it is preferable to see the patient in many
instances, it is not always necessary.
FREIi HOOK — If you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis sheet,
free advice, prices and other particulars. Home cures a specialty. Thou-
sands of men cured every, year who have never seen the doctors. All cor-
respondence confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages to indicate
name of sender.
The entrance to Dr. A^yers & Co.'s offices is at
731 MARKET ST., S. F. (elevator).
Hours— B to 5 daiiy, 7 to 8 evenings, 9to n Sundays.
In the Sporting World.
CASSIDY AND
HOUCK RULED
OFF THE TURF
Sequel to St. Louis
Scandal.
It Represented a Bet on Jimp, While
the Youngster Was Riding An
other Horse in the
Same Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 12— Th? feature at the fair
grounds to-day was the Ozark stake race for
two-year-olds, in which Kentucky Farmer won
by a very small margin. The track was fair.
The Cassidy case came up to-day, resalting in
\\ 1. Cassidy and Jocke} Houck being ruled
off the tur:' for life. Cassldy save Houck a $00
ticket rin .Timji when Houck was riding another
horse In the mmc ra'.-e. Results:
Mile and an eighth, selling— Patroee. won,
Annie i] Ifleld second, Harry Preston third.
Time. 1:67%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Eight Bells
won, Barbee second, Osric II third. Time,
1:49%:
Two mile? anil seventy yards, selling- —
won Governor McHenr) second, Basqull third.
Time, 3:391*. -
Ozark stakes for two-year-olds, value $1500.
six furlon;;* — Kentucky Farmer won. Recom
pense second. John Millin third. Time, 1:16.
Six furlongs, handicap— Mint Sauce wen,
Diser second. Aunt Mary third. Time, 1:14%. '
Mile and seventy yards, handicap -Eitholln
won, Pinochle second, Kisme third. Time, 1:47.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— Five thousand people saw
the races to-day at Hawthorne. The third race
at a mile and seventy yards produced a bril
liant finish between Cherryleaf, the favorite,
.irnrro. the former winning l>y a 1. ad
In the steeplechase Clifton B won by a head
after a hard race. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling — Amelia Fonso won.
I Isen third. Time. 1:29%.
•n furi'Tigs. handicap— Thrive won. Olck
Furl-- Lomond third. Time, 1:30%.
and seventy yards— Cherryleaf won. Car
d, Benr.evllle third. Time, 1:46.
Steej 1- ihase, short course— Clifton B won.
My Valentine second. Princess Murphy third.
Time. 3:00.
ime mile, selling— Racivan won, Fausturo
second, Harry Nutter third. Time. 1:42 V
Mile and a quarter, selling — Goosellver won.
Lord 7>oni second, Tony Licalzi third. Time,
. ■ .
IiFTROIT. Aug. 12.— There was a large at
tendance at Windsor to-day, the last day of
the meeting. The weather wan clear and the
track fast. Jockey Tommy Walker has been
suspended indefinitely as a result of an exami
nation into *ime of his recertt ridlns. The
principal offense? were with Rotterdam, some
days ago, and Marie Orendorf, mure recently.
It "may result In a recommendation that he
be ruled off the turf. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Johnny Williams won,
SemlC' third. Time. 1:15%.
• F..ur nn.i a half furlongs, selling-— Prince Real
':ird. Time,
Seven furl^n^s selling— Allle Belle won, Tri-
Hllee third. Time. 1:28%.
Five furlongs, the Essex stakes— Sldbew won.
Alpaca Becond, Profit third. Time, 1:02%.
Mile and a quarter ''Hie Dix'm won, Vlrgie
I Henry Lnunt third. Time, 2:09.
Six furlongs. Belling— Charlotte M won. Elsie
Barnes second, Juanetta third. Time, 1:16.
Short course handicap steeplechase— Alarum
wi>n I.a ''olona second. Last Fellow third.
Time, 2:48%.
SARATOGA, N. T., Aug. 12.— A badly padded
card drew one of the largest crowds of the sea
son to the Saratoga track this afternoon. Three
[ out of the four- entries for the steeplechase de
j clined the going, bo Merlin won without a con
i test. The track was heavy and the weather a
trifle unsettled. The Saratoga Grand Prize
formed the stake feature, with Don de dm a
warm favorite, though many thought Trage
dian had a good chance. The Don went out on
the turn set his own race and won handily a
length and a half from Tragedian. Results:
Six furionsrs — Oread won, Pnkhrat second.
: His Excellency third. Time, 1:18.
Five Curl Vendlg won. I,lEhtnin* Ex
press second, Jerry Hunt third. Time. l:03 I £.
Saratoga Grand Prize, one and an eighth
miles— Don de Oro won. Tragedian second, Pre
vious third. Time, 2:00',.
Five furlongs — Dear Heart won, Lady Massey
Beond, Flamora third. Time. 1:04%.
Five furlongs, handicap- Per won. Belle of
Lexington second, Klckumbob third. Time,
1:05.
I Steeplechase— Merlin won.
Canada's of wealth are
f ;irn ,. 3 and fisheries. The
farms yield $800,000,000 annually, the for
ests $80,000,000 the mines $30,000,000 and the
fisheries $20,000,000.
THE SAN FK Ay CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.-
SILKWOOD (2:07), A FAMOUS STALLION.
The black horse from Southern California has gone a mile in 2:o7Vi*with
out a driver. At Santa Rosa next Saturday he will attempt to lower this
record. His mark with driver is but a half second better.
DOGS NO MATCH
FOR THE HARES
AT INGLESIDE
Majority Make Good
Their Escape.
High Class Greyhounds Will Meet
and Battle for the Prizes.
Strong Hares at Union
Park.
A knowledge of coursing was not a
requisite at lngleside Park yesterday be
fore one could appreciate the sport. The
hares had the speed of the wind and led
the dogs at will up and down the fields
before they disappeared through the es
capes. This did not happen at intervals,
but marked almost without exception
every course run.
The prevailing opinion amons veteraTi
coursing nun present was that no higher
class sport of its character was ever
seen here. The longest course was be
tween Lady Enxma and One Spot, the
former winning by a score of 24 to v after
being on the field 3 minutes and 36 sec
onds. Safeguard beat Hummer by 18 to
12 after 3 minutes and 3 seconds of going.
These severe courses arc- exp< cted t<> Bpoil
any chances the winners may have had
In the subsequent rounds of the stake.
The dogs were all tested severely, few of
them running less than oW minute.
Just enough short-enders won to keep
their followers in good humor and in
pocket money. Arab defeated Rock
Island King at 1 to 4; Gypsy beat Narcis
sus 1 to 6; Terronite beat Senorita. 1 to
3- and Water Witch beat Precita Girl, 1
to 3 This was one of the best races of
the day. The Girl had speed, but in a
phenomenally long course the hare fa
vored her opponent.
T. J. Cronln's dogs ran in splendid
form bis three representatives Arab,
Thornhill and Wild Tralee— going through
with colors flying. Dr. Leonard's Master
Lawrence ran In impressive style. Uhe
detail-d results of the running follow:
(jjf-n etake, rnn.-ty-Mx entries X. J. Cronln's
iirab beat O. Abercrombie's Rock Island King;
, Mo t Treasure beat J. Quane a
...,:. Allen a Wilson's UuJ
. p A Mc < Spot; M. Micha-
B Wood a Battle Ax;
* Smith-a Sdona beal J. Olsen's Sun
burst? Seibem & Daly's at i urtls Ac
Narcissus; T. Cooney's Black Hawk beat
Selbein & DalJ s Shy
lo.k 80-v beat T Sullivan a Maid ol the Hill.
etnd-s Pastime beat W v. Jones-
Marion; Handj & Smith's Laxly Hugo
beat W N. Hoags Lady Norborne; . J. Har
rington's Lady Harmion beat C. Dujardin-s
!;,v wi i.t; D. Fcrd'fl Bonita beat J. K.
Charnbille's Queen Kelp; Dr. Leooard'B Master
1 av/rence I>>:ii M. B. Kavanagh c t-ki , 11. A.
j. Keenan's Blacklock beat J. < - Flynn ,s
Hicks- 1! A Deckelman's Glen < hloe beat b.
Hansen's L S Conley; H. Lynoh's Lexington
beat Lynch & Vice* Bcarfpln; J. Keenan's
Royal Buck beat A. Ohmeyer's Ladj Napo
-,! i< lowa Maid heat Corkery
& Horg"an'a High Dice; B. Baumeteter'B Wta
nii'K Ways beal O. tt Lahnsen's Fireball; J.
L;>,nel' NeUie B heat F. Murphy. Gilt Edge;
\v C Glawon's Terronite beat Connell Bros.
.Senorita; J. Kerrigan'* Conqueror beat Lord &
Hprbsfs Kerry Gow; Connell Bros. Log Boj
beal O. Abercrombie'a \ict(jr King; James
Dickson's Black Besa l.eat J. Keenan's Royal
Oak I' Shannon's Safeguard beat E. M. Kei
-loc k :s Hummer; Curtis & Sons Cavalier beat
F \ McCMab's Little Joker; T. A. Gaffneyjs
BiV John A.aott beat W. C. GlaMon's Border"a
Valentine; a. Van den Burg's American Eagle
beal D Ford's Anita; Handy & Smiths Victor
1,,. lt \v H Jones' Prince Jerome; T. J. Crp
nin'B Thornhill beat J. Kradshaw's Sardonic;
1 Dennis' T!"- Devil beat A. Masse} * Hot
Stuff- Handy 4 Smith's Twin City Girl
Toe Perry's Commodore Nash; J. O. D
Sho< tover beat W. J. Browning's Mountain
D. Shannon's Soubrette beat J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael; Murphy & Toland a Tea
Rose beat .lames MacCormiik's Primrose; J.
rones' Gallivant beat J. Bradshaw s Hazel
Dcii- II A Deckelman's Pet Kir by beat E.
Bauinelßter'S Warrior; Curtis & Son's Cash beat
j Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; Kay & Trant s
Diana beat T. Logan's Miss Grizzle; Hurley &
Rellly's Star of Cuba b*at .1. Macf ormlck s
Woodbine' T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat
Curtis & Son's Commodore; M. B. Kavanash's
Swedish beat P. A. McComb'a Olein; Connell
Bros ' M'<nn<» I'lcnpant beat O. Aberrromble'^
Irma; Hurley & Keilly's Lucretia Rorßia beat
Russell Allen & Wilson's Lady Herschel; T.
Mannls Water Witch beat E. Maloney's Pre-
Girl; -T. P. Thrift's linitus beat A. Mas
sey*f Hadlwist.
SAN RAFAEL PAPER CHASE.
Alexander yon Schroeder and Miss
Kipp the Winners.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 12.— At to-day's
paper-chase of tho San Rafael Hunt Club
Baron Alexander C. yon Schroeder won
the gentleman's silver cup and Miss Marie
Kipp 8 similar trophy for the ladies.
Baron J. H. yon Schroeder was the mis
ter <*f "hounds," J. J. Crooks the starter,
Tjpwis Hughes the "hare" and J. J. Crooks
ami General Warneld the judges at tho
finish. The course was eight miles Wug
and extended along Grand avenue, from
the Hole] Rafael, through the Forbes
tract, across A. W. Foster's grounds and
into the fields of M. F. Fre'tas, wh< re
occurred the finish. Miss Kipp, F. S.
Jdhnson and several others, after a hotly
Contested race of three-fourths of a mile,
finished with their steeds running neck
ami r.cck.
T)io-ie who took part in the chape were:
Dr. H. O. Howitt, F. S. Johnson, Baron
J H. yon Schroeder, Baron Alexander
yon Schroeder, William O'Connor, M;.-s
Marie Kipp. Miss FJla Morgan, A. Quar
r i,. sea Holllday, Miss Phillips, Mrs.
Farnsworth, S. H. Boardman. Kmers<>n
Wartield, L. Bocqueraz, Miss Gillick, Ned
Greenway and A. Fischer.
Triplet Record Falls.
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— The five-mile trip
let record was broken at the Brooklyn
Cycling Club meet at the Parkside track
this afternoon by the team composed of
Cottle, Pape and Lamb. The former rec
ord for rive miles, 10:59, was reduced to
10:23.
Benign Individual— My good friend, don't
you know that indulging your appetite for
strong drink will undermine your health
and bring you to death's door?
Dp Tanque— Thatsh all right, old boy; 1
won't be able to (hie) fine zhe keyhole.—
Philadelphia Record.
000000000 00000000000000000
o Cassidy Ruled Off the Turf. o
_*> C^
o Exciting Races at San Mateo. o
oooocooocooooooo^ooooooooo
HARNESS HORSES
WILL TEST SPEED
AT SANTA ROSA
Circuit Races Open on
Monday.
Silkwood, the Southern California
Stallion, Will on Saturday Go
an Exhibition Mile With
out a Driver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 12.— The prepara
tions for the big race meet which opens
here on Monday are completed. The track
is in splendid condition, more than 200
of the best horses in the State are quar
tered in stables, all the well-known horse
men are in attendance, everybody is
"talking horse" and everything points to
the most successful m>-t-t ever hH<l here.
At leasi 300 persons witnessed the
horses ;it work this morning. Many Of
the spectators were ladies. Driver Kunde.
as usual, acted as master of ceremonies,
and as the different horses tame out he
introduced them to the enthusiasts from
his porch in the. Judge's stand. Taggles,
the wonder with the 2:09 record, was in
troduced as "the only truly grreat trotter
left in California." Every man coming
down the stretch was given a lively
"jolly," much to the amusement of those
present.
Silkwood, the famous Southern Califor
nia stallion, whose record of 2:07' 2 without
r driver lias made him known to every
one, occupies a cozy stall at the track.
ll.' is in charge of J... J. Felton. He will
po an exhibition mile on Saturday and
the novelty of the proposition is attract
ing much attention. Silkwood is a hand
some black. He Ifi by Blackwood-Men*
brino, dam Lucy by Hiram Woodruff.
Monday will he ladies' day. < m that
occasion all members of th<> fair sex will
be admitted free of charge, (Secretary
v and President Kiiipht of the
Bre< elation arc both here. look-
Ing al fairs. Thomas Bonner, the
well-known Santa Rosa horseman, is as
busy . '• • i erfecting details. The
veriscope man Is here and is already pre
pared ,to do business. The patent medi
cine vender and the sure thing man have
arrived, and if things are not lively in
Santa Rosa during the coming week
somebody has missed his guess.
UNION PARK.
Smart Hares Furnished Some
Electrifying Sport— Night
Time a Big Surprise.
None of the hares at Vnion Park yes
terday seemed afflicted with "locomotor
ataxla" and the crowd witnessed gome
great spurt. In fact the different win
ners were returned only after long, hard
runs. The dogs, too, were in fine fettle,
reflecting much credit on their respective
trainers. On two occasions the "relief"
doge were called into requisition. Judge.
Bull's decisions were all well received and
Slipper "Jim" Wrenn was seen at his best.
Of the thirty-six preliminary courses
decided for the rich stake first choices
raptured all but live. Perhaps the worst
jarring favorite followers received was
when the crack Prince Hal, in the twenty
fourth run-off, fell before the 25-to-l
chance. Night Time. Aeneas, when he
downed Alma, after an exciting run, paid
his followers ]0 to 1, and the backers of
.Metallic laid 7 to 1 that their dog would
beal Ben Bolt, but he didn't. The fast
but unlucky Hurricane had his usual hard
tussle with Lady Clare, failing to win
out aftc-r the course had gone the limit.
Warship, the ante-posi favorite for the
stake, lai.i away Maid of Erin with con
summate ease ami will no doubt be a
prime factor in the betting to-day.
Open stake, first round— Paxha Kennels' Rest
Assured beat D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow;
Curtis & Bon' McKlnley beat Taylor & Max
well's Mose; Russell, Allen & Wilson' Belle
Clalr beat J. Kennedy's Wine West; G. J.
Panario'a Old Glory beat K. M. Kellogg' a lowa
Girl; Aeneid Kennels' Pretender beat D. J.
Healey's Day Spring; Ed Neave's (names)
Warship beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin;
W. J^etcher's (names) Sandow beat Joy Bells;
F. A. McComb'a ■ Royal Flush beat Lord &
Herbst's Revolver; J. Carroll's Auckland beat
Aeneid Kennels' Van Cloie; .1. Dean's Gladiator
beat Sterl & Knowles' sleety Mist: Lowe &
Thompson' a Jessamy beat H. W. Hike's Nancy
X: R. K. de B. Lopez' a Santa Rita beat Aeneid
Kennels' Butter Scotch: R. E. de P.. Lopez's
(names) Winona beat F. A. McComb's Miss
Skyrocket: F. A. McCnmb's Bonnie Scotland
beat Handy & Smith's Ida W: Pasha Kennels'
Eniln Pasha beat J. Jones' Moonlight: Handy
& Smith's Magic beat 11. A. Deckelman's Mini
Monte: J. Seggerson's «Vild Hill beat J. Ron-
Ing's (names) Dempsey Lass; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Master Clalr beat ' Handy & Smith's
Dauntless; 11. A. Deckelman's Prince George
beat J. K. ■nine's (names) Geraldlne; A. John
son's Tod Sloan beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman:
D. J. Healey's Lady Clare beat Ed Evatt's
Hurricane: Taylor & Maxwell's Torment beat
Aeneid Kennels' Athena: E. M. Kellogg' s Kid
McCoy beat Taylor & Maxwell's Wild Lassie;
j Kennedy's N»ght Time beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal; Curtis & Son's Maud S beat
H. Lynch's Loiterer; J. Dean's Mialmo beat
F Brown's Sweet Briar: Taylor & Maxwell's
Lamplighter beat J. Kennedy's Ever Shore;
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat F. Brown's Alma:
I F Halton'.s Tic Tac beat Pasha Kennels'
Road Agent: Handy & Smith's Hen Bolt beat
Pasha Kennels' Metallic; Taylor & Maxwell's
Bounding Belle bent Bartel Brothers' J Beer
Brewer; D. J. Healey's Maggie- x beat V.
Guerrero's (names) Rey Alfonso; D. J. Healey's
Amarosa beat J. .T. Warren's Sweet ■' Lips ; J.
Seggerson's Candelaria brat R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Banner Bearer; A. Johnson's Mountain,
Beauty beat Handy & Smith's Petronius; Ed
Wilson's (names) Magnet beat Bartel Brothers'
Bryan. .
Cooper and Stevens Win.
FAL.L, RIVER, Mass., Aug. 12.— At the
bicycle races to-day Tom Cooper and
Earl Stevens won firsts in the mile cham
pionship and the two-mile professional
handicap, respectively. Summaries:
Professional mile championship— Final heat
by Tom Cooper, Detroit; second. Owen Kimble.
Louisville; third H. B. Freeman, Portland,
Or. Time, 2:0414.
Two-mile handicap, professional — First, Earl
Stevens, Buffalo (110); second. Otto May U20);
third, A. C. Mertens, St. Paul (150). Time,
4:10.
DUDES WIN THE
FIRST CONTEST
WITH SAN JOSE
Few Errors and Hits
Were Made.
Large Saturday Crowd Pleased With
Tame but Good Baseball Played
by Visiting Nines — Same
Teams Play To-I>ay.
Oakland 6, San Jose 3.
The Dudes have hurled destruction up- i
on the hoodoo that has been saddled like :
a nightmare upon their baseball hopes, i
Doc McGraw of San Jose knows this <
now, and hereafter he will entertain a
proper respect for the most proper ball- i
tossers of California's wild and turbulent i
city of cranks.
Eight innings were passed and not a sin- i
gle err"or was carved on the last column i
of the Oakland score. Would the mlracu- '
lous happen again? was the question i
asked by all. '
They did not have to wait long for an '
answer. Schmeer was on hand and h«
fumbled a couple of hard chances just to
keep things within the pale. His jugglery J
presented the Prunepickers with a couple
of runs, but the discrepancy was too big .
to give them a chance at the game. i
In the fourth inning San Jose pushed j
Huston of Texas across the plate. One ;
of Moskiman's unbending balls caught the ;
man from the South right in the small
of the back and he went wriggling to
first A sacrifice by Graham gave Huston i
second, and a single by Borchers forced
him around the bags to the resting sta
tion. This was San Jose's great feat until :
the ninth inning, when the Prunepick
ing began to be busy. • •
It was a gloomy sixth for San Jose ana
quite electrical for the Brummels. Two <
errors— one by Andrews, the other by An- j
derson — allowed Peoples and Hammond to
appropriate second and first bases respec- .
tively. Looie Hardie came to the plate
at this juncture and swatted the ball out
for 'a two-base hit, on which Pop pics
scored. L>unleavy cantered to first on
balls and the bags were filled just in time
for Lange's single to be effective in scor- :
ing Hammond and Hardie. Dunleavy and ]
l,ange were sent across the rubber by a ;
hit of Schmeer. All this time there were j
two men "dead," yet the fireworks would
not burn out. Schmeer was caught going
from second to third and the side retired,
In the eighth Dunleavy scored again.
The ninth inning gave the Prunepickers
a bit of diversion at runmaking. Borchers
took the ball in his back, went to second
on a hit by O'Dca, and Anderson came
along to till the bags after an error by
"SeWmeer. Hanlon thought Schmeer gocd
for an encore and he swatted the ball
his way, Borchers and ODea scoring on
some trifling by the Oakland shortstop.
The first of the ninth saw a beautiful
fielding catch by Donovan, who ran^to
far center and smothered a ball from
Huston's bat. The 'score:
SAN JOSE.
All. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
I McGucken, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Huston, 3 b 2 1114 4 0
Graham, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Borchers, 1 b 3 110 8 0 0
ODea, s. s 4 1 1 0 1 3 0
Anderson, 2 b 4 0 l 0 2 4^2
Hanlon, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Kent, c 2 0 0 0 5 1 0 ,
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 1 3 1;
Foley 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 3 4 1 24 15 3 '
OAKLAND.
AB. R. fill. SB. TO. A. E.
Peoples, 2 b 2 10 0 2 1 0
Hammond, c 3 10 0 5 2 0
Hutchlnson. lb 4 010 810
Hardie, r. f 3 110 0 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. i 3 2 0 14 0 0
. Lance 3 b 4 11 0 0 0 0
Schmeer. <=. s 3 0 2 0 3 3 2
Donovan, c. f 3 0 2 0 3 0 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0 2 2 o
Totals 28 6 7 1 27 9 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Jose ftoninooo 2—3
' Base hits 0 10 2 0. 0 0 0 1—
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 5 0 1 »-6
Base hits 0 0 0 1 2 4 0 0 •— i
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Moskiman. Two-base
hit— Hardie. Sacrifice bit— Graham. First
base on errors— San Jose 2. Oakland 3. First
base on called balls— San Jose 2, Oakland 4.
Left on bases San Jose E, Oakland 5.
Struck out— Andrews 3, by Moskiman '.
Hit by pitcher— Huston, Hammond. lurchers.
Double plays— O'D?a to Anderson to Borchers;
Huston to Borchers. Time of game— l:4.",. Ur
n Long. Official scorer— J. W.
Stapleton. .^_______^___
Pitcher O'Farrell a Failure.
WATSONVILL.E, Aug. 12.— 1n keeping
with their announcement on the bill
boards, Morris' Sugar Beets gave Tut
tle's Sand Crabs a genuine defeat to-day.
The Beets piled up their runs with ease,
while the Crabs had a hard job pulling
In their only run. O'Farrell, Tuttle's latest
find has undoubtedly pitched his first and
last game In the league. His control of
the ball Is poor and his only deceptive
curve is a drop. His pitching was not en
tirely responsible for the loss of the game.
Captain Bill and Pace made costly error?
in the first inning. Levy's umpiring was
highly satisfactory. To-morrow Dauben
bis twirls for the Crabs and Dad Harper
for the Beets. The score:
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. «H. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff, 3b 4 2 2 0 4 2 0
McCarthy, s. s 2 0 0 0 4 4 1
Courtney, c/ 4' 1.1.0 2 0 0
Croll, rf J. 4 0 0 110 0 1
Selna ib 3 2 10 8 10 ;
Morrow, c 5 12 0 2 2 0 1
Billing. 2b 4 2> 10 2 10:
Hayes. If 4 1 1 0 3 2 0
Whelan, p _3 1 J> J. 1 1
Totals 33 9 10 1 27 12 2
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Williams, 2b 4 110 0 4 0
Devereaux, 3b 2 0 0 0 3 2 .1
Strelb. If 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Pace c 4 v & v l & z
Ma rk lb •' 4 0 1 0 11 0-2
DrennanTcf 4 0 1 0 6 0 0
Dalrymple. rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Kleiber. a. s 4 0 0 0 1 1-1
O'Farrell, p _1 _0 _0 _0 J. J _0
Totals 31 IB 0 27 12 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
xratHnnvllle 3 00011040—9
Ba™ hits.::.: 2 0 0 0 1 1 0 « 0-10
Santa Cruz 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-1
Base hits 100101110—5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible O'Farrell 5. Three-base
hits— Selna 2. Two-base hit— Hayes. Sacrifice
hits— McCarthy 3. First base on errors— Santa
Cruz 2 Watsonvllle 1. First base on called
balls— Santa Cruz 4, Watsonvllle 7. • Left on
basest-Santa Cruz 8, Watsonville 5. Struck
out— O'Farrell 1, by Wholan 2. Double plays
—Morrow to Billings; Pace to..O'Farrell.: Passed
ball— Pace 1. Time of game— Two hours. Um
pire—Rube Levy. Official scorer— T. A. Peck
ham. ._■' ' ''' - '
I When Sigsbee Feels Like a Whale.
In an address at Fall River Captain
Sigsbee of the Texas told the following
story, illustrative of the fact that naval
men made no pretense of being orators:
"It is a very difficult situation for
me," said Captain Si^sbee, "to be re
quired to make a speech, and I am In
the situation of the old sailor who was
very fond of tea and was devoted to
the people who served it. But this old
sailor had no society manners, and had
never attended an afternoon tea. He
was afraid of the ladies, but in some
way he was forced to an afternoon tea.
He went almost in despair, and when
he got back to his ship his mates said:
" 'Brown, did you go to' the tea?'
•• 'I did.'
" 'How did you feel there?'
"'I felt like a sperm whale doing
crochet work.' " (Laughter and ap
plause.)
Nevertheless Captain Slgrsbee makes
a very able address. — Boston Globe.
SOCIETY GOES
TO THE RACES
AT FAIR OAKS
Well-Contested Sad
dle Events.
First Meeting of the Menlo Park
Amateur Racing Association
Marked by Exciting
Finishes.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
MENU) PARK, Aug. 12.— Menlo
Park Amateur Racing Association made
its bow before the public this afternoon,
and its initial race meeting was pro
nounced a success. The Selby track at
Fair Oaks was lined with fine equipages,
filled with the society people of Menlo
Park, Burlingame. San Mateo, Redwood
and Palo Alto, and the fleetest horses of
this district took part In the races. Early
in the day the people commenced to I
flock to the track in tally-hos, breaks, dog
carts and other vehicles, arfd by the time
the first race was called' all the available
space along the rail was occupied. A
number of parties came on breaks, among ,
them being those of Walter Hobart, Sen- •
ator C. N. Felton, Joseph Donohoe,
Charles Waldon, Mr. Beylard, Joseph :
Tobin Jr., Charles Joeselyn. J. D. Grant
and C. A. Baldwin.
Fully 1000 persons witnessed the races. ,
The Selby track was in good condition and :
the wind which blew down the stretch
was not strong enough to retard the rid
ers Close finishes were the order of the ;
day half of the. races being won by necks.
Walter Hobart brought a good-sized
string of horses down from Burlingame
and was rewarded by getting two nrsts
and a second himself and ; having his .
horses get two other firsts and another ;
second. He took home almost a majority
Of the silver cups that were offered as ■
prizes by the association. All the races ,
passed off smoothly, although there were |
often long waits between the contests.
The first exciting race of the day was ;
the second on the programme, a quarter- i
mile sprint, which was won by Mr. .ho- |
bart on his Qazeba by a scant neck from j
Mr. Hume on Spice.
The third race, the half-mile,- brought i
out the largest field of the day. The ]
start was a scattering one, with OMe j
Tobin on Pecksniff in the lead and Sam
Poorman on Flushington several lengths ■
behind. Flushington cut down this lead |
rapidly and at the turn into the stretch |
was on even terms. Down the stretch
they came neck and neck, Flushington !
winning by a head. Poorman is a Stan- i
ford man, and the victory greatly pleased
the university people present.
The Menlo Park Plate and. the Visitors |
Steeplechase were the events of the day. I
The plate race, the fifth, was a mile on i
the fiat, with three starters. The horses j
got off even, and at the half it was seen
that the race was between Mr. HoDart
on AH Babi and Mr. Poorman on Flush
ington, the red of Hobart showing slight
ly in advance of the green of Poorman.
In an excitinsr finish All Babi won by a
length from Flushington. Flushington j
had just won the fourth race, so his per
formance was a good one.
Mr. Page on Huntsman had an easy
thing in the steeplechase, winning by six
lengths from Nestor. A large loving cup •
was offered for this event.
The last race of the day was an excit- <
ing one. Miss Flitters, with Mr. Buckley
up, won by two lengths. Summary:
Three sixteenths of a mile, for ponies ridden
by boys, first division— Hobart's Tigress, B.
Ford u;> won; Finnic second, Biddy third.
Time, :19'*.
Second division— Hobart's Brandy, C. Dun
phy up, won; Flirt second, Fred third. Time,
:19 1-5.
Quarter mile, for ponies— Gazeba. Mr. Hobart
up won by a head; Spice second. Ginger third.
Time, :2.-V .
Half mile, on the Flushlncton. Mr. Poor- j
man up won by a neck; Pecksniff second, j
'■Blucher third. Time :52.
Pony steeplechase, mile and a quarter, over
hurdle?— Hobart's Brandy. Mr. Dunphy up.
won; Mollle second. Prunella third.
Menlo Park plate, one mile, on — All Babi,
Mr. Hobart up. won by a length; Flushington
second, Bragg third. Time, 1:52.
Visitors' steeplechase, mile and three-quar- |
ters, over five hurdles — J. J. Moore's Huntsman.
TV. Page up, won; Harry Lewis second. Time,
3:204. Nestor finished second, but was dis
qualified for losing weights.
Half-mile, for ponies— Miss Flitters. Mr.
Buckley up. won; Comanche second. Time. :65.
The officials were: Judges— Chris W. Smith
and Frank W. Covey; clerk of scales, J. A.
Donohoe; official measurer, J. B. Casserly; ;
starter, E. L. Eyre.
Uncle's Men Shut Out.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 12.— Sacramento
succ seded In shutting out Ban Francisco
at the Oak Park diamond to-day. The
game was one of the l>est played here this
year, pienty of chances being given and
ited by both teams. The feature of
the game was Stu'.z's swift work at sec
ond and a double play by Stulz, Eagan
and O'Connor. I'mpirc O'Cnnnell did well
until the ninth inning, when he fell hard
upon O'Neil. captain of the San Francis
coa requesting him to examine an old
black ball which was being put in play.
Ho declined to do so and when O'Neil in
sisted he called Sullivan, who was at bat,
out. The Bcore:
AB. R..BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaußhlin. If 4 12 0 3 0 0
Harvey, rf 4 0 10 10 0
O'Connor, lb 3 0 2 1 13 0 0
Kazan, s. s 2 10 0 4 4 1
Stanley, c 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
Doyle, p 4 0 2 0 0 10
Shanahan, cf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Still*. 2b 3 10 0 2 6 0
Sheehan. 3b 3 0 2 0 0 S 0
Totals .28 3 9 1 *26 14 1
•Sullivan out for delaying game.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt, rf 4 0 1 0 2 0 1
Muller, If 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kru*. s. B 4 0 0 0 2 3 2
Sullivan, lb 3 0 1 0 12 2 0
Riley. 3b 4 0 10 2 3 0
Swindells, c 4 0 10 3 3 0
Pyrie cf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
ONeil, 2b 3 0 0 0 4 2 0
Iberg, p -1111 J jO
Totals'... 31 0 5 0 27 15 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 10100100 o—3
Base hits 11102111 I—9
San Francisco 00000000 o—o
Base hits 0 12 0 0 0 1 0 I—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lberg 2. Two-base hits
—O'Connor, Doyle. Riley. Sacrifice hits—Shee
han, Stanley. First on errors— Sacramento 2,
San Francisco 1. First on balls— Off Doyle 1,
off Iberg 4. Left on bases — Sacramento 7, San
Francisco 6. Struck out— By Doyle 3. by Iberg
2. Double plays— Sullivan to Iberg; Stulz to
Eagan to O'Connor. Time of — One hour
and thirty-five minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
Official scorer— Griffin. -".•*.. :=■'■:
SHAMROCK'S MEASUREMENTS.
LONDON. Aug. 12.— The official meas
urements of the cup challenger Shamrock
have been supplied by' Secretary Hugh C.
Kelley of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club, as
follows:
Registered tonnage 1.:5
Thames measurements 260
Length 105.5
Length on the water line 89 feet
I'.r. adth 25.5.".
Depth 10.55
Port of register Belfast
NEWPORT. R. 1., Aur. 12.— The New
York Yacht Club squadron rides at anchor
in the harbor to-nlKht and the cruise of
]K9O is at an end. During the cruise to-day
of twenty-two miles from New Bedford
the wind held on longer than yesterday,
but the yachts ran into soft spots, and
five miles from the finish the entire fleet
was becalmed for a half hour.
The Columbia kept up her record of vic
tories this wjfek, n«.t only leading all the
yachts over ~ho line, but defeating the
Defender IS minute? and 4 seconds, elapsed
time. The. actual distance between the
boats was less than two miles, for the old
boat came up very slowly in the light air,
besides being somewhat delayed by a shcrt
luffing match with the schooner Colonia,
which finished about the same time. The
Columbia's victory was* nevertheless per
fectly legitimate, and she showed herseit
a marvel in tight weather.
The wind was light throughout, and at
one time failed altogether, but it treated
both boats alike, barring a short spell just
before the finish, when the Columbia
caught the breeze a few minutes before
her rival. '
MISCELLANEOUS.
DANGEROUS -
CATARRHAL
AFFECTIONS
flay Fever, Asthma, Bron-
chial, Throat and Lung
Diseases.
The Greatest Enemies to Health
and Happiness, Finally Re-
sulting in Consump-
tion and Death.
SUCCESSFUL CURES
BY DR. ABORN.
On* of the most fatal diseases known to
humanity is consumption. It is always
present in our midst, silently but steadily
removing from the social circle, the cheer-
ful fireside, from private and public life,
many, very many, more annually than the
gravest or worst epidemic that ever vis-
ited our fair country. This ever-present,
ever-existlnp disease— sparing' neither the
young nor the aped, and incident to all
climates and to all seasons of the year— l 3
CONSUMPTION.
As Nasal Catarrh, or "cold in the head,"
as well as a sirnplo angina, or "sure
throat," is not {infrequently the forerun-
ner of bronchial irritation and cough, and
as each of thesr- diseases has an invari-
able tendency, when neglected or badly
treated, to involve the delicate tissues and
structures of the lungs and terminate In
a destruction of those organs of vitality,
they should claim the prompt attention of
a skilled physician.
Of all diseases which afflict the human
family, tuberculosis, phthisis pulmonalis,
or pulmonary consumption, is the most
dangerous, as It occurs more or less In
every quarter of the globe, and occasions
a larger proportion of deaths than any
other disease.
ONE-FIFTH OF THE PEOPLE DIE
OF IT.
Statistics show that among th« enlight-
ened nations of the earth the deaths from
Consumption are about one-fifth of the
whole number: and that of the people in-
habiting the globe over 3.000.000 die each
year of this disease. Any observation
further shows that no period of life Is ex-
empt, and the most talented and useful
members of every community are among
the first victims of this scourge of the
human family. This precarious state of
society arises mainly from the fact that
the patient or his friends are inclined tn
regard his affection as a CATARRH, «r
that th<» disease is only in the THROAT,
and that it will soon pass away, or that
it is only a BRONCHIAL AFFECTION.
and requires a little patience, etc.: and
yet all thes^ ailments, unimportant as
they are regarded, are but links in th<»
great chain of CONSUMPTIVE DIS-
EASES, and RAPIDLY CURABLE in
their several stages by the MEDICATEP
INHAXiATION and other means resorted
to by
DR. ABORN of 554 BUTTER STREET.
His treatment of these diseases gives
immediate relief, builds up and revitalizes
the whole system and gives patients a
new lease of lif>.
DR. ABORX'S Office and Residence 554
Butter street. Hours, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4;
7 to 8 evenings.
1 A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! I
■ erg On account of " -ving H
i <*sL" closed up my Sacra-
» c^T mento branch store I I
; tj offer to my patrons and
j 4TJ2rS*. the Public ln general v
' §£&£!£% * 50C0 •worth of -woolens,
3 £&!F ! 2SA I wish to turn Into
% # offer to my patrons an '- I
the public in genera! KJ
ISOOO worth of -woolens, j
■which I wish to turn lnti 1
cash before my fall ani I
3 VyS>>'S : W^3 winter stock comes in. Ij-
H *5' «£' l v3-^ See prices in the window. 9 ;
\ ST JOE POHEIM,
\ P^v^ THE TAILOR.
sUlf? ' 201-203 Montgomery St., !
1 w'fmv 1110-1112 Market at., S (
It Kj I&i San Francisco.
3 eSJ ITS 1011 Washington St.. I
S -. Kfl v Oakland. S
« 14.'{ South Spring St., M
I >!> Los Angeles, Cal. £§
WEEKLY_.CALL
&t It Publishes the Cream at tJi»
*3 News of the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
eJ ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
o/ PAPER ON TMB
T) pacific COAST
3 V / "
"J The Best X / Mining
°) Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
©C The Coast / \Auptodat*
oc X \ __
»>
ex Not a Line of ft Sensational
J or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great, i
OF ANATOMY^
\ CB 1051HAB2ETST.'bet.6th47tli I S.r.Cil^
V Of The Uarß«t Anatomical Museum in the T
A _* j[_ World. Weaknesses or my contracted B
W <KtrajB» ri:s^.i^ p«-<«i«i»«-lyc«red by the eldest T
9 JrS^l s>pesL:anati v the Coast. Es^ 36 years O)
A nW&I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES *
A M^SS^W Consultation free and strictly private \
a Jf xXvtfH T " l;mcnt personally or hy letter. A A
\S rf SI W Poa.ttve Curt in every case undertaken. T
Ami lift Write for Book. PHILOSUPHy.fi
/ II H4IIBIAUE, MAILED FREE. (,\f
X tl •U' valuable boole for mm) " v
7 J>lt. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. r
BE BOiiyC FOR EITHER SEX.
{],£ BIUfWO This remedy being in-
- ' ft»o*«ti directly to tho
<S^ ■ y £?2% seat of those diseases
»i 0' m of the
e --■■■*■ ES seat of requires no
AS ES Organs, requires no
EU$ Oa p|!a ciia «»so of diet. Care
-SS£~ <*£SA gaaraatecd in 1 to 3
■ -rf«iy« Kmall plain pack*
#"■« 'ff T^i fja a-.-c. by mail, SI.OO.
%,& *# JCfe..Sr.Sold only by
GEO. DAHLUE.VDER & CO.. Sol* Amenta,
:J4 Kearny »t.. Ban Francisco. Cat
I^B|><^ Ir&A ra^A
RADIVAIS'S READY RELItF has 8too( .
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy, ■ it instantly relieves and qulcklv
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia
Headache Toothache and all pains. Internal?^
lor Malaria ana ail Bowel Pains. All druggist^ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
J230-/232-/234 MARKET STItEET.
ODDS AND ENDS SACRIFICED.
Balance of Taiior-made Suits, made by competent tailors, will be
disposed of at less than the actual cost of labor. An unusual opportunity
to procure a first-ciass garment at a nominal price.
$50.00 and $40.00 Tailor-made Suits now at $27 50 and $22.50
$35.00 and $30.00 Taiior-made Suits now at $20.00 and $1 7.50
$25 00 and $20.00 Tailor-made Suits now at $15.00 and $12.60
$17.50 and $15.00 Tailor-made Suits now at $10.00 and $8.50
JACKETS,
$5.00 and $7.50 jackets are now. $2.50 and $4.00
$10.00 and $12.50 Jackets are now $5.00 and $6.50
$15 00 and $17.50 Jackets are now $8.50 and $10.00
$20.00 and $25.00 Jackets are now.. $12.50 and $15.00
SILK WAISTS.
AM this season's latest styles.
$6 50 Silk Waists reduced to- $4.50
$7.50 Silk Waists reduced to $5.00
$10.00 Silk Waists reduced to $6.00
$12.50 Silk Waists reduced to $7.50
SILK UNDERSKIRTS.
A general reduction of 26 per cent on ail Silk Underskirts made in the
latest style of good quality Taffeta Silk.
SILK MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS.
$8.60, $4.00, $4.50 Special Value
JUST ARRIVED.
LATEST STYLES OF GOLF CAPES AND PLAID SKIRTS.
WOULD SETTLE
AFFAIRS OF THE
WINE INDUSTRY
Chamber of Com
merce Acts.
ASKS WINE MEN TO CONVENE
BELIEVES IN CROCKER'S FA
MOUS PROPOSITION.
Producers Will Hear the Offer Gen
erally Discussed and Definite
Statements From the Capi
talist as to His Plans.
For the flrft time In the history of the ;
wine Industry the Chamber of Commerce I
iken an &j rest in its wel- '
fare by .-ailing a meeting for next Thurs
rtny t'. consider the situation, which has
now reached a critical j)eriod.
: :1 efforts of the Califor- ;
nia Wine Makers' Corporation to reor
ganize tiie grape growers and wine
in a combination for the next
and the proposition of Henry
buy al! the dry-wine grapes
at $12 and $14 per ton for the I
.. seven years, have been de- ,
/he Call recently. Mr. Crock-!
regarded by those best quali- j
the solution of the '
difficulties that have long kept the future
industry in doubt. The pri>
••~ the producer a fair return
Investment and labor, but certain
.art its are busily engaged in
■ling grape growers from making
• ; t. it is assert* d that if there
• some such fixed value for grapes
;tting will be inaugurated this
and will be followed by worse con
jct year.
The Chamber of Commerce believes
Ihe Fmaller wine makers who are j
g out against the agreement are ;
. :■•• informed regarding the in
s of Mr. Crocker, and that the
■ay to enlighten them is to call a I
rag, ?.t which the leading men in the I
business can announce themselves and ■
. xpress an opinion of the proposition, |
and at which Mr. Crocker can definitely
explain his plans. There has been fear
;:mong the smaller wine
makers that Mr. Crocker's success would
mean their ruin; that their plants for
making wine would not be employed and
that their investment would therefore be ;
unprofitable.
This is one of the points that will be I
made plain to the satisfaction of this j
It Is understood that Mr. Crocker [
will assure the producer that In each dis
trict the grapes bought will be sent to '
the nearest winery to be converted into
■wine. Furthermore, that the prices to be
paid for such service will be fair and re
munerative; also, that in the case of the
minoi or other wine maker who has a |
private trade, wine will be sold to him
by Mr. Crocker at prices that will en- \
able him to supply his trade and make a
good, reasonable, profits.
There are other features of the situa- j
tion that will be elucidated by men who
will know what they are talking about
a:.<l who have their all invested in the
business of growing grapes and making
■wine.
One of the particular points that will
be brought out Is the fact that the stock
of dry wines on hand In city and country
Is equal to one vintage, and that the
moment the Crocker contracts are as
i the value of these wines will ad
materially. This circumstance
■ nection with the fact that
this crop will be a small one. it is main
tained should be a strong factor in Indue
: r to enter into an engage
ment that is not only certain to maintain
prices, but to assure him fair re
turns fir his products.
Invitations have be.-n sent to producers
throughout the State and it Is expected
that there will be a large attendance. The
Chamber of Commerce desires it dls-
I understood that its only Interest
In the matter is to assist the different
vltlcultural elements to unite on a busi
ness basis for th* 1 material benelit of one
of the State's greatest industries.
How Animals Bear Pain.
One of the most pathetic things is the
manner in which the animal kingdom en
dures suffering. Take horses, for instance,
In battle. After the first shock of a wound
they make no sound. Th*>y bear the pain
■with a mute, wondering and if
nt night you hear a wll3 groan from the
battlefield it comes from their loneliness,
their loss of that human companionship
which seems absolutely indispensable to
the comfort of the domesticated animals.
The dog will carry a broken leg for days
wistfully but uncomplainingly.
The cat, stricken with stick or stone, or
caught in some trap from which it gnaws
its way t'> freedom, crawla to some secret
place and bears in silence pain which we
could not endure
Sheep and cattle often meet the thrust
of the butcher's knife without a sound,
fmd even common poultry endure intense
without complaint.
The dove shot unto death flies to some
far "ff bough, and as it dies the silence is
unbroken save for the patter on the leaves
of its <>wn life blood. The wounded deer
t<i some thick brake, and in pitiful
submission waits for death.
The eagle shot in midair, fights to the
the fatal summons. There is
no moan or sound of pain, and the defiant
look never fades from its eyes until the
lids close over them never to uncover
agaln.-Tit-Blts. I
SLASHED WITH
A KNIFE BY A
JEALOUS SOLDIER
Narrow Escape of a
Drug Clerk.
HIS NECK SEVERELY CUT
THOMAS McGUTRX. HIS ASSAIL
ANT, ARRESTED.
The Latter Claims That His Victim
Was Too Friendly With His
Wife — The Prisoner's
Statement.
George Mudgett, a clerk in a drug store
at 144 Fourth street, was slashed across
the neck last night by Thomas McGuirk, a
corporal in the signal corps of the regular
army. The cutting-, so it is said, was the
result of Mudgett being too friendly
with the soldier's wife. Mudgett's wound
is not serious, although the kniff which
the jealous soldier used narrowly missed
cutting the carotid artery.
ACcGuirk was married to the woman
whom he calls his wife about fourteen
years ago in Cincinnati. He first joined
the volunteer service and did meritorious
work in the Spanish war. After h-- was
mustered out he joined the regular army.
and a short time afterward was promoted
to corporal in the signal corps, ilis wife,
at his request, decided to make this city
her home.
While he was fighting for the flag of his
country McGuirk received information
that his wife had not been true to him
during his Absence. After the cessation
of hostilities the injured husband went to
Indianapolis, his former home, and sent a
dispatch to his wife, which purported to
come from her mother. He signed the lat
ter*s name to the ulegram and asked her
to be at the depot on the arrival of the
Eastern overland, which was supposed to
• •airy her aged parent. The ruse worked
to perfection, but instead of meeting her
fond mother Mrs. McGuirk was met by
her husband. He accused her of being un
faithful, but this she emphatically denied.
Thinking he might be misinformed, Mc-
Guirk installed his better half in a house
at 137** Tehama street. His duties re
quirt d him to be at Angel Island, but still
suspicious he determined to keep a strict
watch on his wife. Yesterday afternoon
he returned to this city, and reaching the
house on Tehama street he saw Mudgett,
the drug- clerk, walking up stairs. He
asked him what he wanted, and was told
that it was none of his business.
After brooding over Mudgett's "cheek,"
as he expressed It, McGuirk last night vis
ited the place where he is employed, and
after accusing him of usurping his wife's
aff ei tions took out a pocketknife and
slashed him across the neck, inflicting a
deep wound.
Mudgett was immediately taken to his
home, at 774 Mission street, while the en
raged soldier was arrested by Policemen
Fraher and Jordan and charged at the
City Prison with an assault to commit
murder.
PECULIAR WAY
In Which a Chicago Crook Makes an
Easy Living.
Richard TV. Smith, a Boston traveling
man, who was at the Hotel Imperial, told
this story of a Chicago crook, who Is ac
quiring a livelihood In a rather peculiar
way: "I was chatting with a frien/1 in
the lobby of a fashionable hotel in Chi
cago," paid Mr. Smith, "when I noticed
an old man coming out of the writing
room. He was shabbily dressed, but
clean, and appeared to be perfectly re
spectable. His kindly face wore a look
of annoyance as he gazed at four letters
which he held In his hand. As he ap
proached me I saw that they were sealed
and addressed, but had no stamps on
them. Finally the old fellow stopped In
front of my chair. Holding out the let
ters in one hand and a penny in the
other, he said:
" 'I beg your pardon, but have you four
stamps that you can spare? When I came
away from home I thought I had a dime,
but I find that it was a penny, and I am
very anxious to get these letters off In
the first mail.'
"It happened that I had Just bought 50
cents' worth of stamp?, and, without a
moment's hesitation, I handed four of
them to the old man. He thanked me
graciously and walked away. I turned to
renew the conversation wfth my friend,
and found him shaking wiTh laughter.
" 'You are the easiest thing: I have seen
in a long while,' he said. 'That is proba
bly the mo?t noted and most successful
beggar in Chicago. He is well known at
all of the larger hotels, and. It is said,
makes from {3 to $fi a day by means of
his little game.' "—New York Tribune.
Real Mean.
Flossie— l don't care; I think Jack Town
lev is real mean.
Annette— Why, Flossie?
Flossie— He wrote to me from Florida
paying he had shot an alligator seven fe«t
long, ami paid when he shot another he
would have a pair of slippers made for
me.— Harlem Life.
A Second Victor Hugo.
"Man, he could describe a boarding
house dried beef supper in such lan
guage that your mouth would water
with desire."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
"NO NEED TO
ELOPE" SAID
HIS MOTHER
O. Heydenfeldt Weds
Miss Lynch.
ROMANCE ENDS PROSAICALLY
GROOM'S MOTHER PROCURED
THE LICENSE.
Oakland Miss the Heroine of the
Sudden Marriage for Which
No Invitations Wero
Issued.
Oxen O. Heydenfeldt, youngest son of
the late Judge Solomon Heydenfeldt, was
married on Friday evening to Miss Mar
garet Lynch, daughter of John Lynch,
Inspector of the Chinese Bureau at the
local Custom-house. The regulation mar
riage ceremony performed by Judge Barry
was the prosaic finish of what started out |
to be a romantic elopement. Heydenfeldt
and the fair maid of his choice had decided
that an elopement was the proper way
when two young people loved each other
and the groom unfortunately was not of
age. With this end in view the prospective
benedict went around making prepara
tions for the great event, but in some un
foreseen way Mrs. Heydenfeldt was in
formed of her eon's intentions.
It was then that all the romance of the
affair was shattered. "There is no need
to elope," said the would-be groom's
mother. "I give you my blessing. With
it goes my consent." And therewith the
lady marched down to Cupid Danforth's
and procured the license which made it
possible for Oxen O. Heydenfeldt, aged 20
years to wed Miss Margaret M. Lynch,
aged 50 years.
After the license was in the young man's
possession the services of Judge Barry
were enlisted, and together groom, mother
and Judge proceeded to the residence of
Mrs. Hamilton, 403 Devlsadero street,
where the loving hearts were made one.
The young bride's parents were not
present at the ceremony for the simple \
reason that they knew not that their
daughter was about to be married, or,
for that matter, where she was. About
two weeks ago Miss Lynch went down to
Del Mar with a party of excursionists,
intending to stay for one day at the re-,
sort. At the watering place she met
young Heydenfeldt. altered her plans and
remained a week. At the end of
the week Heydenfeldt came to town.
So did Miss Lynch, but she did not
go to the family home in Oakland. A
visit to her friend, Mrs. Hamilton, was
arranged, a fact the young lady forgot
to notify her parents of. As the days
went by pretty Margaret feared to face
what she considered the Justifiable anger
of her family, and the marriage was so
hurried an affair that there was no time
to invito parents.
Yesterday afternoon the young wife '
sent the flowers that graced her wedding I
as a peace offering and gentle hint to |
her people of what had occurred.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— "Why. I am most
certainly surprised," said Mr?. Lynch to
night. "I hadn't the remotest idea that
Margaret would do such a thing. But,
then, it's all done now, and all we can
do is to forgive. Ju.«t think, when Mrs.
rushing Wt with Margaret I jokingly re
marked 'what a fine ehaperone she made.'
She did. indeed, and will no doubt be even |
more surprised than we are to hear the
news."
The bride has just passed her nine- I
teenth summer and is a young lady of I
many attainments, and is very popular in ;
iocal society circles, where her elope- i
ment will unquestionably create a mild
sensation.
Young Mr. Heydenfeldt has just arrived
at his majority, and will shortly enter
upon the enjoyment of a considerable for
tune left him by his father.
ARAB HOUSEHOLD TROUBLES.
A Curious Picture of Oriental Man
ners.
A rurlous picture of Arnfi domestic life
has Just been exhibited before the Court
of Assizes at Constamina, Algeria, says
the New York Times. A native named
Ben Kemmari was accused of mutilating
his wife by cutting off her nose and upper
lip in a fit of jealousy. The mother of
the victim stated in court that to cure
her son-in-law of his jealousy she had
consulted a much-venerated "Marabout,
who had given her as a charm for her
daughter a serpent's head wrapped up in
hemp leave?, which was to be placed in
the folds of her husband's turban. The
woman appealed to the public present to
prove that by this method she would have
cured the man of his suspicions. There
upon several Arabs at once took off their
headgear and triumphantly showed the
same talisman, while a native officer of
the court, without being consulted, called
out to the Judge: "Yes, J have also ;i
serpent's head; it gives strength to the
man and fidelity to the woman. Had the
prisoner possessed it he would have been
Incapable of disfiguring his beautiful
wife." The prisoner when called to the
stand stated that it was just the opera
tion of concealing the serpent's head in
his turban that he objected to, and he
attempted to show that had a protruding
fang broken the skin on his head death
would certainly have followed. This was
not considered sufficient defense, however,
and he was sentenced to eight years' hard
labor.
Placed at a Disadvantage.
"I don't like this here picket duty,"' said
the Filipino outpost.
"Neither do I," responded a comrade.
"Whenever the Americans put In an ap
pearance the boys In the trenches always
get the start of us."— Ohio State Journal.
Of Course He Thinks So.
"He thinks he understands women."
"How do you know?"
"He's a bachelor."— Philadelphia Call.
r<H><^<><><><KK><><H><H>O<KK>O<>O
4 NEW MANHOOD. \
V ' ■A"A"A'A A A A A A A A A •*••*••*•*•••* V
6 Electricity Poured Into Your Body While You Sleep— 6
* Gft ijjßjL e£\ Dr. McLaughlin's Method. g
0 W^/ ffißJipSßn eg*/ Fin your nerves with Electricity every night while you sleep, and in ten days you will see the A^^ V
Q «§£ ftiß&j&tt/ \oil dawn of new life in every organ of your body. All the nerves will be charged with new energy, and /^ ;V^ V
X J^Pif V&istiWki fl& your heart will beat stronger with the gladness of youthful vigor. < ' \^|3 ' A
V J^l 'J^^^^P"v I^E To men TV ' ho are nervous > failing in vitality, sleepless, despondent, losing memory, wasting the S^.^ 8^ V
pi* M 1 I -i^^^SS^^^^^a^r^X f^ vigor of manhood, dyspeptic, v.-eak in stomach and kidneys; who notice a general collapse of all «t y *£»
X, mk Jfi^f**'^ f^~ $^^^ p I^, '^•^--ji^' vital parts; to such men Electricity as I apply it will bring happiness and health. ' M w 1
$ 'His^^^SSyP GRAND FOR WEAK MEN. jf -Nn *
A sJ^jftjfißjfisStt&k '.js|^. Its effect on weak nerves and organs is truly wonderful. Its touch is magnetic. It fills the //I/ I A Uj. 1 'A
V i^^rMwflHn^ HmSr blood with the fire of youth and gives new vim and confidence. While it is on the body the nerves sM , ■ hf/, ;;> j| '■. .^ -J- f I
Q j^|Bpg^Hß^^^j^^^^ r MBOLiU'"^ teem wlth the vitalizing warmth, and within a few weeks the full vigor of manhood is restored. »M]' r W| )j;,;:./j V
Q • M >' Electric Body Belt has been brought to the highest state of perfection by twenty years of . \>\l *Mv ' W*/7 0
V :!^i~^y^Siw^' study and experiment. It is unlike any of the old-style belts and is warranted upon a bond of 55000 ,^-s^\\y(%> ■• ' *-" '/Jn ILL j^
V . 1 v "^^^Mßß^ to be stronger than any other body appliance made. It is guaranteed for one year without any ex- >C\>>C^Wv^ £rsfal£r/\fi X
Q •.•33gjjpp^*sr'' * ? Wsr*T/'/* pense for renewals or repairs. $5000 will be forfeited for one of my belts that will not give a strong /' ' \ \'vW/ / ' 0
X * current that can be felt as soon as it touches the body. It has chamois-covered electrodes and a -^^fe^^ 7 '''-^^^-;- ->/^!^<^-- O
V perfect regulator, which is possessed by no other belt. / ~^~^~ i^^^%T^~^\^-^ n^^^S^—-
V JEST JC? Eras' r\r*\(^k If you are sick or weak - try m y new method at once. It will save you years of misery and many doctor bills. ~\?^^. . .. X
O M MX Ci C OUUAf Calllf you can. If not, let me send you my book, full of truths for men who want to be strong. ' Call or direct: •^-^^^'^/'^•C^JV'^f JL
O FID M A ¥/>T A TTnWT'T-M 702 Market St M cop Kearny, San Francisco, and WA^%/" J W$ 0
X UK. IVI. A. ifldjAUuXlljllN, cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. . I'l'J |\^ X
X Office hours— a. m. to 8:30 p.m.; bundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. 7 I V- { A
60<K><><K><KK><K)^00^>0<)-o<K><><>^
AJDVZBTISE2SIEKTS. '~ _ ' '■ .
! Insomnia i
; Did you ever have that feeling of oppression, like a weight on your chest, or a load of cobble-stones In your
<$ stomach, keeping you awake nights with a horrible sensation of anxiety, or tossing restlessly In terrible dreams, #
j£ that make the cold perspiration break out all over 4 you? That's insomnia, or sleeplessness, and some unfortun- #
0 ates suffer with it night after night, until their reason is in danger and they are on the edge of going mad. The &
I* cause of this fearful ailment is in the stomach and bowels, and a Cascaret taken at night will soon bring relief and <£
5, give the sufferer sweet, refreshing sleep. Always insist on getting CASCARETS! 4
JU a« l> thim hobo-mobo troocks!— l-uv-k.
,^KEOP^ .^MBM^ *** *»* Te been «xlns CASCARETS the
' j^BKr J&tiU B^L TMpTgr- for Insomnia, with which I have been afflicted
43mH^ «S« Sfia ■ U P' tur over twent T years, and I can say that cove
1^ MsSmm jH IKw* l^^^a * as- Cascarets have Riven me more relief than any **S
JRBSW Ihl other remedy I have ever tried. I shall cer- , - jA
mSL^W a^m 10 t&lnly recommend them to my friends as be- sue f^
JBfaar « Aft 9r lag ail they are represented." spec j^
MBS&Snf JBB B^p ■ Thos. (jlLLabd, Elgin. 111. t >4 J0
yt^V*" JCfw * *^ ** ™ Oldest* ill* _"T - "■ '
ANNUAL SALES. 5,000,000 BOXES. **!*g^r $
% THE TABLET DRUGGISTS
*S CASCARBTS are absolutely harmless, a purely regetable compound. No mercurial or other mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectiTely and permanently «P
cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels, including diarrhraaand dysentery. JW
V Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine ! Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARBTS HP
jL to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back! Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLING REMEDY COMPAHY, CHICAGO or HBW YORK.
0 V^^W^^W^^Vi^M^^M^M^M^^M^^M^^
COMIC OPERA,
GRAND OPERA
AND ROAMNCE
g "$ VEX advertisers sometimes make
j- — 3 mistakes; they are but human,
and hence It will not be taken
jl ■■/> amiss If we refuse to consider
"Falka" "the prettiest of all
comic operas." The superlative Is a dan
gerous degree — It Is the limit— and may
be challenged for Its offenses. The truth
is, it is mediocre In libretto and little
more than that In composition, but is
made much better than it is by good
voices, careful staging and effective cos
tumes. 'Tis a pity a hero, with a Savon
arola penchant for destruction, does not
arise in our midst and include heaps of
comic opera dialogue In some of his
finest burnings. Of itself It would make
but a dull flame. A pretty stage effect of
opening windows and appearing heads
catches the attention at once and re
wards it In the first act with one pretty
duet and the solo and chorus of "I Am
My Noble Uncle's Heir." The duty of
explanation— and such a duty— falls to
j r Tancred, in the person of Nace
Boneville. He adjusts his efforts he
roically to the importance of the occasion
and delivers a soliloquy, against time,
straight at the audience. This is most in
artistic, but his obedience in speaking the
ilnes at all should relieve him from all
further responsibility. He has a sorry
part to play and reaches the last curtain
unrewarded. The feature of the second
act is the chorus, wh»n the disguise of
Falka and Arthur is discovered. The
melody is pretty and the moving figures
rhythmical and graceful. "What a fasci
nating little Falka Miss Mason is and
what a beautiful contralto quality is re
vealed in her voice when she has a bolo
opportunity surh as the thirl acr supplies.
It is th<- prettiest thing in the opera, just
as Arthur Wooley, as Broth, r Pelican, is
the funniest. In fact, there is nothing
else that, against a challenge, could hold
Its claims to humor. His entrance, in the
first stage of Inebriety, Is done with artis
tic instinct and ii"t overdone. His pleas
ant dreams appeal to us. He dreams the
Baldwin block was built up. Two beauti
ful costumes are worthy special mention
—Mr. Persse> royal blue and gray tand
just here let us mention that he makrs
an excellent Arthur) and Mr. Wolf's
"symphony in brown." Of course, there
are other colors in the latter, but in the
words of the only Whistler, in answer to
a critic who objected to his calling a can
vass so, a symphony in F is not of neces
sity f f f from clef to close. He added:
"You d— f— -." but this is not necessary
here. Next week "Dorothy' is the bill.
and is said to be tuneful and merry.
« • »
Claude Mclnotte is the "I*ady of
Lyons." "This was nnp time a paradox."
but now it is a metaphor, and liberally
translated means he is the whole play.
If any one else, by accident, has a good
thing:* to say, he is likely at any moment
to have his right to it challenged by this
highwayman of choice speeches, who, in
the course of events, tells us he would
say more if he could, but (being winded)
he will whisper it to heaven. The play
has proven its strength by living sixty"
years. Bulwer "trapped the critics," so
he thought, by publishing it anony
mously, but in spite of prejudice they
would probably have said about what
they did had his own signature appeared,
for the plot is one of deep interest and
the language most poetic.
But the play has had its day. A gor
geous production, in which Sothern and
Virginia. Harned figured, ran scarcely a
week and was withdrawn. "This is the
heaviest blow of all," a production tn
fail; but there is little in it to interest
plain humanity nowadays, and most of
us are so very plain. There is no absem c
of noble sentiment, but it is put into the
months of people whose acts belie the
words, and the whole action is falsetto.
Beside, there are no good laughs. Bulwor
had no sense of humor. Colonel Dumas
is a piece of true metal, and rings through
the false with a far-reaching resonance.
He atones in a degree for his relations.
In the good romantic plays of to-day we
sink our identity with the players, forget
our own conditions, live the story with
them, and find it a good part of ethics to
do so, but when some old plays are doing
it we feel like taking the center of tho
stage, telling the characters of a world
they do not know, and recommending
wheeling, golfing and swimming masters
to the whole "set." One passage will
never lose Its beauty, and that is where
Claude paints "the home to which, could
Love fullfll its prayers," his hand would
lead Pauline. The speech is extravagant,
but so is the play. The fact, that Mlrs
Roberts is second in interest this wetk
proves what an excellent Claude Mr.
Whittlesey mak^s. The part was not be
neath the ambitions of Macready, who
created the role, and Mr. Whittlesey ha?
evidently given it serious study. Miss
Roberts makes n<i effort to outshine h'rn.
but contents herself with playing artisti
cally and simply a second to the hero. A
line Quoted above calls to mind an inci
dent that happened when Adelaide NeJl
pon was playing the Lady. "All is for
gotten." she says. "I am thine forever,"
and throws herself into Claude's arm?;.
By an unfortunate move Claude fell back
ward to the ground, and rose, in what
Bhould be a very serious scene, to the aw
ful fate of this speech: "This is the
heaviest blow of all!" "The Lady of
Lyons" is the least interesting bill of Miss
Roberts' season, but next week, as though
to make amends, we are promised a nov
elty in a dramatization of Ouida's "T'n
dof Two Flags." The play has not bet n
done before, and as Cigarette, Miss Kob
erts looks forward to a week of new
joys. Mr. Whittlesey will be Bertie
Cecil, the king of Bohemians, and Tuliet
Crosby, after a long rest, will reappear
in a character, the knowing- ones say,
seems to have been written around her.
• • *
The act nf "Zaza" given at the Orpheum
for the first time on Thursday night Ih
an imitation of Mrs. Leslie Carter and a:i
excellent one. Not that we have seen
"Zaza." but we have seen Mrs. Carter,
and her personality is not easily forgot
ten. But it is not of the act as an "imi
tation" that T started to write, hut of the
fact that Miss Cotton makes us forget it
is an imitation. She is revealed an actress
of temperament, magnetism and intensity,
who is oui?p as capable of creation ns
imitation. I wonder how many of us kept
Mrs. Carter In view to the end. Vaude
ville is a good field. Miss <\>tton, but other
fields are needing you.
• • •
A backward look at "Faust" at the
Tlvoli brings Miss Beckwith's Siebel first
to the mind's eye. Not that she is a
specially wonderful Siebel, but she stands
so cool and gray and shadowy and nat
ural and lithe of limb amid miich that is
Inharmonious. Whatever experience she
may traverse in her stage career, It is
to be hoped the priceless treasure of
sweet modesty she now possesses may not
be touched. I fancied T saw a tendency
towarci traditional opera gesture in her
work this week. Let us hope not. for her
freedom from the fault is so refreshing.
Her voice, too. has a soft mellowness that
comforts the ear. We have long known
how well Signora Pnsquali could sing the
numbers of the prison scene, but the
caressing lightness of treatment she gives
to the jewel song ajid the general excel
lence of all her work call for a special
word of approval. Her middle register
seems a little colorless and without car
rying quality, but her high notes are in
finitely sweet and clear. Opera Faust?
and Mephistos never look their eharac- •
ters. The "too, too solid flesh" of the |
singer gravitates against the artistic and
somehow they seem to have no sense of
grace and harmony in costume. The
touches of black and bullion Signor Wan
re! I affects suggest the fancy ball and
destroy completely the idea of the sinister
fiend 'There is no lack of robustness in
his voice, but he is entirely without mag
netism and his work leaves one cold. He
has no dramatic fire. Save for an occa
sional spasmodic inspiration, Mr. Ber
thald's work is most satisfying. He has
an individual voice of much sweetness, his
phrasing is good and his modulatory work
very interesting. Though he does not look i
Faust his smile would win almost any
Marguerite. Mr. Mertens' voice is rich i
and vigorous, but seldom stirs the soul,
and his gestures are muscleless, meaning- i
less difectless. Most of the dramatic
work in opera is very queer. I have yet ;
to see an operatic love scene that is any- ,
thing but passionless and unreal. The
choruses do excellent work and the au- |
diences are most enthusiastic. \\ ho per
petrated that garden scene? Never was :
there a more conglomerate mass of fight
tog color and stalk ugliness. A Marque- ,
rite who lived in such surroundings had I
no need of a Faust to steal her reason, i
The scene to begin with was painted to
last and to serve, but not to please. A\ hen i
the purple of Martha and the blue of;
Faust and the red of Mephisto are set
against that background the result is md
de Next a w£k "Fidelio" and "Trovatore"
a-e the attraction, and shoud draw
big ho « ses - CHARIjOTTE THOMPSON.
Musical Topics.
WHILE the theater-going public
is idolizing Saiassa and Ave
dano at the Tivoli. there seems
to be a lack of appreciation
regarding Berthald and Mer
tens In listening to a singer the auditor
' should never be influenced by high notes
delivered with vigor at the end of an
aria In order to tell exactly the merit
of a singer it is necessary to follow care
fully his phrasing, his emotional coloring
and" the accuracy of his recital, also the
ease of his delivery. Avadano s munifi
cent tenor sounds only free from time to
time especially at the conclusion of his
solos' which impresses one with the con
viction that he is working for effect.
A«ide from these occasional outbursts,
bis voice- seems oppressed and appears
somewhat forced. Baron Berthald Jo?s
not possess these defects. He sings with
out restraint. His voic3 cannot claim
the volume of Avadano's, but he is cer
tainly more accurate and tasteful; in fact,
he Is the better artist of tne two.
Saiassa. both as artist and vocal scien
tist defies all adverse criticism. But
William Mertcns should not be neglected
on this account. "While he may not bo as
great an artist as Saiassa. his barytone
is more resonant and more vigorous tlinn
that of his colleague. Mme. de Pas.juali
has really created a new Marguerite. She
has solved the great problem of saving
the voice. Her delivery embodies all the
emotion reauired by the part, and her
enunciation or diction is exceedingly
clear In fact, she sings and plays a real
Marguerite, and does not consider the
vocal score superior to the libretto.
\ very prominent factor in grand opera
which is frequently lost sight of in the
enthusiasm for the singers is the orches
tra. Much enjoyment would be gained
by listening to the accompaniment from
time to time. The Tivoli orchestra under
the efficient leadership of Max Hlrs>c!i
ft-ld is doing astonishingly good work.
Every one of its members is an artist.
The unison, daintiness of execution and
careful shading speak well for the ex
perience of the executants.
From latest reports it is safe to assert
that Fritz Scheel will remain in the East,
where some lucrative position is waiting
for him. And unless the plans are totally
changed he will not return to San Fran
cisco next season. Fortunately for San
Francisco there is at present a gentleman
lure who won distinction as a musician
in Germany and came to this city with
a view to remain. The gentleman here
referred to is Hermann Genss of Berlin,
a pianist <>f great talent and a conductor
with a flattering: reputation. There is no
doubt that in case Mr. Scheel should de
cide to remain East Mr. Genss will he his
successor here.
Giulio Minctto, the concert mastr-r of
the Symphony Orchestra, will return here
to-day after a trip to Italy, where he vis
ited his family. Immediately after his
arrival he will commence rehearsals with
his quartet, which will sive another •sea
son of its delightful chamber music con
certs.
The first rehearsal of the San Franc'wco
Philharmonic orchestra will take place
next Thursday evening. The orchestra
has been thoroughly reorganized. c c r<?
cially the brass and wood-wind, and Mr.
James Hamilton Howe, the conductor, as
sures a successful season.
AI . F H E n M ETZGER.
HEROII EFFORT
Of an Injured Mau. to Work for His
Wif^ and Babieo.
John MeGow.mn. 40 years old. an iron
worker, of 319 East Thirty-fourth street.
gave an exhibition of fidelity to his wife
and family yesterday which, if made on
the field of battle, might have brought
him lasting fame.
McGowan was attacked on the East
Thltty-flrst street pier by a vicious dog,
and one believed to have been mad. His
right hand was awfully lacerated. He
walked to Bellevue and had the wound
dressed. The doctors insisted that he
should remain at the hospital, and they
warned him of the possible consequences
if he tried to use his hand.
•'lt's nothing." replied McGowan stout
ly. "I can't lose my job. I've got a wife
and two kids, and jobs like mine ain't
picked up every day:" And the man left
the hospital and went to work.
"He'll come back:" said the. doctors, and
all day long they waited for the unfor
tunate" man to return, knowing full well
that it was physically impossible for him
to work with such a hand. About 7
o'clock last night McGowan, with face
blanched and teeth set. staggered into the
reception room of the hospital. He could
just walk. His hand was swollen thrice,
its normal size.
"I stuck the day out! he said dogged
ly when the same physician took him in
charge, "but you were right, doctor!"
Soon after reaching the hospital and
having the hand operated on the man
became unconscious. Blood poisoning is
feared now and there are symptoms of
hydrophobia. That the physicians are in
terested in the case and will move all
their powers to save the brave fellow
goes without saying. In his delirium he
raves constantly about his job. He keeps
telling the foreman that it Is all right
and begs him not to hire some one in
his place. Altogether the case is consid
ered one of the most pathetic seen in
Bellevue in many days.— New York
Tribune.
Reasonable Explanation.
"Ex-Senator Peffer isn't saying any
thing nowadays." remarked Squildig.
"Well, he's not a Populist any longer,"
explained McSwllligen.— Pittsburg Chron
icle-Telegraph.
910
G A YLY DECORATED BOATS WILL ESCORT
THE TRANSPORT SHERMAN TO ANCHOR
An Unsurpassable Naval Pageant Will Be
Followed by a Most Beautiful Night Illumin
ation of the Moonlit Harbor of San Francisco.
n F the navaJ demonstration and the
I night illumination «n the bay of San
hi of. the arrival
.■■■:.: \ . 11 ■•- I -
outshine anything of the kind ever
attemi • jt *' 111 nol be c
■ .•; the Harbor Commissioners or tne
g men.
. the bay will be decorated
be readily
gathered in Mission
gpnal that announces
the Sherman. Launches.
number will r*?
mmand of Admiral Spreck
- toward th< heads. Every
Illj attired yachi • b >' a
 there will be
them In line, all loaded
. . -..;, .  ,pc al 50 c< Dts a head, the
ption fund.
At the signal from the flagship the
who will have secun d tickets
g boats will be
.. the new wharf the
constructing
Th< \ . time to do this
without cr When all is in readi-
I arty will start out in two
which will pass on •
: ■ .port as s ns into
> The> will then turn, each line
Burning back
until the h< ad of th< ; arade of boats Is
■ ■ transport, and
her with music and cheers and
to I h.' anchorage.
: :,t limit to the num
taken out, even
n taken to
. rowding. The Admiral has ap
ich craft the number it
that number will not be
cd. noj will any person be allowed
• en a harbor commissioner,
tributes his half-dollar to
■ nd. -Any number of people and or
pani^:. ired tugs and yacht?
ditions and others can do
a pplying for tick< ts.
The tration will be snme-
To all Intents and pur
. on flre. R«-d light
will • ■ a search
n mile p ewer will be lo
i lill and will I
transport. A great barge
will be towed out i" midstream, with a
- ■ iblaze,
■■ ows hundreds ■ f pounds
be touched off. I:; ad-
Fireworks Company
splay of pyrotechnics
■■< it is hoped to get from the
mmil t- •• for the pur
izel says by reason of the
: , .1 by the bay he will be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And free from every blemish
is the Skin, Scalp and Hair
cleansed, purified and
beautified by
It removes the cause, of disfiguring
eruptions, loss of hair, and baby
blemishes, viz.: The clogged, irri-
tated, inflamed, or sluggish condi-
tion of the PORKS. CUTICURA
SOAP combines delicate emollient
properties derived from CUTICURA,
the great skin cure, witli the purest
of cleansing ingredients and most
refreshing <>t flower odors. Noother
medicated soap ever compounded is
to be compared -with it for preserv-
ing, purifying and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair and hands. Xo oth-
er foreign or domestic soap, however
expensive, is to be compared with It
for all purposes of the toilet, bath,
and nursery. Thus it combines in
OXE SOAP AT OXE PRICE —
namely. 25c — the best skin and com-
plexion soap ar.tl the best toilet and
baby soap in tho world.
SoM throughout tho world. Price, CHTICfRA
BOAP, 26c; ( .TTK IT.A OIXTMKNT. «Oc. POT-
TEH I>lU'G <t ('iIRM. CORP., Sole l'rop»., Boeton.
•'AH About tho Sfcln, Scalp ar.rt Jlalr." free.
Big Presents
Good Coffee
Try
Great American Importin£ Tea Co's
Big Value Stores. .
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STOKES.
drT^born,
Eye, Ear, Catarrh, Throat,
Asthma and Lung Specialist,
564 entter St., Bet Powsll and Mnon.
Hnurs-10 to 12 and 2 to 4; 7 to 8 evenings.
FREE CONSULTATION.
1 enabled to pet off pieces that it would be
! impossible to display from the land with
j out danger.
All the vessels in the harbor will be
I lighted with strings of lanterns and the
I moon, which will be at the full at the
time of the boys' arrival, will lend its
glamour to the greatest scene ever
created on the bay.
RED CROSS LADIES
MAKE COMPLAINT
Accuse the Southern Pacific of
Taxing the Soldier Tariff Al!
It Will Bear.
The problem of disposing of the idle and |
destitute soldiers— the stragglers of the ';
great body that will either pass through |
, or be mustered out of the service in this I
' city— was the subject of much discussion '
AUCTION OUR SEATS
FOR ARION CONCERT
* n REPETITION of the scenes nt
* (~\ the Orpfreum last Thursday, with ■
"* * Mhe attendant financial success, is
"* confidently expected Monday aft. r
;"* noon at the Alhambra Theater, when
! * the auction of boxes and seats for tho
* Arlon concert in aid of the volunteers'
i"* reception fund is held.
"* Notwithstanding the brief time al
;"* lowed the committee— the concert be
> * ing scheduled for Tuesday night next—
I"* its members are confident that the
■"* Alhambra auction will be as spirited
I"* an affair as that which took pla
; * the Orpheum. Some of them even pro
;-* f ess To believe that the total of pro-
■* miums offered by those desirous of lis- jf |
;"* tening to this grand musical treat will excr-ori by several thousand dollars ,
■"* the sum total bid at the popular O'Farrell-street house. n
■* The auction will begin promptly at noon to-morrow at the Alhambra The- *■ i
* ater. Jones and Eddy streets, the use of which for the occasion and for *- ;
!"* the benefit has been granted by the managers, Sam B. Moot and Alf Ell- *■ .
* ing-house. Wendell Easton, who officiated so successfully at last week's sal*--, * :
"* will be on the block with his celebrated coadjutor. Colonel Lyon, whose "go- *•
■* i:ipr. going, pone" has nn entrancing melody all its own. The other assist- )f ■,
"* ants who aided the auctioneer to carry the sale along without a single hitch Jf
"* will be on hand. *" ;
* The fame of the New York Arlons is mn far traveled to need relating. *■ j
"* Their choral singing is the perfection of that art, and on none other than >f
"* such an occasion could the members have been induced to put their vocal *■
"* gifts on general public exhibition. The programme for the concert has been * .
"* only roughly outlined, but it .■ mtemplates the use at various times of *
I * three hundred voices on the stage. There will be thirty musicians in the *
"* orchestra and a round dozen numbers are <>n the programme, the visitors *
* to give two. C. M. yon Weber' 3 Fugel overture will be the first number, *
* to he followed by the first appearance In San Francisco of the Aricsis In *
"* one of their famous choruses. The Harmonic Society will sing Beschnitfs *
'r "Ossian," and the J. B. Frances Ladies' .Mandolin Club will render a so- J
lection. The intermezzo from "Cavellerla Rustlcana" will be played by tho ,
'r orchestra, and John PlaEf-mann of this city will sing "Pas Herz am Rh<!ir." J
The San Francisco Teutonla Singing Society will be heard in Marsch-
ner's "Liedesfreiheit." The programme will conclude with Tobani's "Amor- j^. :
j, lean Volunteer March." )f !
The price of seats has been fixed at $2 and $1 .tO, but the committee has j
* reason to believe that there are citizens in the city artistic and patriotic j^. j
X enough to burn with desire to pay a hundred times that price. If the auc- *.
* tion does not add $10,000 to the reception fund it will be no fault of theirs. *-
They are certain, however, that the auction will be fully as exciting- as Jf
1 4( that at the Orpheum. Do not forget, it costs nothing to attend, and saie Jf :
-♦t begins promptly at noon to-morrow at the Alhambra. 34- :
at a meeting of the citizens' executive i
! committee held yesterday morning at the
office of Mayor Phelan. The session was
in the nature of a conference between the
• committee and the following ladies, repre
! senting the Red Cross Society: Mrs. W.
B. Harrington, Mrs. Arthur Cornwall,
; Mrs. F. G. Sanborn and Mrs. John F. Mer
rill.
The ladies stated that the burden of
providing for the unfortunate soldier, who
had been parted from his money, and get
ting him out of the city, so that he would
not become a care upon the public, fell
largely upon them. Mrs. Sanborn said that
their work had been hampered in a great
measure by the greed of the Southern Pa
cific Company. By its efforts the Trans
■ continental Association had increased the
! soldier rate from San Francisco to Mis
souri River points from $2o to $37 00, ana
even at the latter rate refused them
I choice of route, while the Eastern roads
I have made a universal rate to soldiers or
I one cent per mile.
The Red Cross ladies ask the co-oper-
I ation of the committee in inducing the >
! railroad company to restore the former
1 soldier rate of $25. To prevent the trans
portation companies from being Imposed
upon it was suggested that it be fixed as
a Red Cross rate, and made available only i
1 upon the presentation of certificates is
sued by the society. -.■ ■.
"As I understand this matter, said the
Mayor "the railroad stands in the posi
tion of trying to grab what little the sol
i dier earns, and at the same time blocking
the very work for which this committee
was organized. I suggest that we make a
united demand on the railroad association
to grant some concessions in this matter."
Vice President Crocker and Manager
Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany had been invited to confer with the
committee, but they were both out of
town Robert A. Donaldson, assistant j
general passenger agent, appeared before
I the committee by request. The Mayor ex
plained to him the matter under discus
< sion. , , ,
"This is not a matter of which our com
-1 pany has control," said Donaldson. "We
cannot act for the Transcontinental As
; sociation. I am not even prepared to say
that we would consent to the reduction
asked for if all the other companies con
sented. The Government makes the men
an allowance of travel pay, which is ;
nearly double what ihe ranroad charges.
. so they ought to be able to take care of j
themselves. Although corporations are
credited with having no souls the South
ern Pacific has done much in. the interest
of charity as these ladies will testify, and
; 1 think It would have been showing the
proper courtesy to us for past. favors if
they had come to us first with their griev
ances instead of adopting the method
they have followed. This Is our first'in
timation that they desired .any conces
sions." • , '
Donaldson Insisted that he would take
no notice of the matter unless the com
mittee and the Red Cross made their re
quests In writing. It was decided to adopt |
the latter course.
The matter of appropriation for decora- ■
- tions for the reception to the returning
California volunteers was considered and
It was decided that the decoration com
i mittee be allowed to expend a sum not to j
i exceed $8000. Chairman Martin of that
i committee expressed the opinion that the i
I desired effects could be produced for that :
sum.
John Ginty was ■ appointed to take j
' charge of the soldiers' bank, which is to ,
Ibe established at the tent in. Union j
Square. It was decided that the books or )
certificates to De Issued would be made \
i non-transferable.
♦
PENNSYLVANIANS
ARE GRATEFUL
Officers Make a Handsome Con
tribution to the Reception
Fund.
The officers of the Pennsylvania Regi
ment, now stationed at the Presidio and
which is' soon to he mustered out. have
shown their appreciation of the treatment
accorded them in San Francisco upon
their return from the Philippines by a
THE SAIST FRAKCISCO CALL, SUKPAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
very generous contribution to the Cali
fornia Volunteer reception fund. One
hundred and lifty-flve dollars was pre
sented to the Citizens' Executive Com
mittee yesterday by lieutenant Colonel
Barnett and Major" Knapp, representing
the regimental officers. In making the
presentation Major Knapp said:
"Our regiment fully appreciates the
kindness shown us and the respect shown
our beloved friend the late Colonel Haw'
kins It was a manifestation of a spirit
for which the California people are de
servedly noted. As a feeble token of the
esteem which the officers of our regiment
bear the citizens of San Francisco, we
offer this small contribution to the fund
they are raising for a reception to their
own soldier boys upon their return to
their homes and their friends."
Mayor l'helan acknowledged the con
tribution, saying that it came as a sur
prise but that the committee fully ap
ated the spirit which prompted the
action on the part of the Pennsylvania
officers.
The check was turned over later to the
executive council of the finance commit-
tec which was in session several hours
yesterday nrvting; the pouring in of money
to the fund.
An offer of the '*imeog-rnph Company of
Mire receipts of its exhibitions from
]i a. m. to 5 p. m. next Wednesday was
accepted.
SCHOOL CHILDREN
IN THE PARADE
A Thousand Boys From the Gram
mar Grade Will March
in Line.
Tn addition to the plan? of Superin
tendent Webster for the part the school
children of the city will take in the recep-
CAPTAIN ALFRED J. KELLEHER.
APTAIN AI..FRED J. KELLEHER was appointed yesterday chief
Col staff to the grand marshal to succeed P. F. Mertes, who resigned
by reason of outside demands on his time.
The new chief of staff was adjutant of the First Regiment of In
fantry, National Guard, at the time of the enlistment of the regi
ment in the volunteer service, and went in that capacity with the First Cali
fornia Volunteers to the Philippines.
Captain Kelleher entered the service of the State as a member of Com
pany G, Captain L. W. Mix, Second Infantry, and it was not long before
his c-apabjlitlcs attracted attention, and he rose until the reorganization of
the guard, when he was commissioned captain and detailed as adjutant of
the regiment. Tpon the reorganization of the First of the National Guard
Into the First California Volunteers he was instrumental in preparing the
regiment for the field. He made a good record while on the Island of Luaon
and would now be returning with his command had he not be^n forced to
return home on account of sickness contracted in service. He has fully
recovered and will do all in his power to make the welcome of his former
comrades a glorious success.
His appointment as chief of staff is one recognition of his services in
the field.
tion to the California volunteers. George
S. Miehling, instructor in physical culture
in. the public schools, promises to get up
a division of 1000 schoolboys from the
grammar grade— not little fellows, but
good-sized boys, who will have school
bands or drum corps. This has met the
approval of the srand marshal, and on
Monday Mr. Miehling will meet the pa
SUBSCRIPTIONS PILE UP
IN THE RECEPTION FUND
* Previously reported ... $11,370 20 j -Thomas McGimn : boo
/) rf * . Hen front <!o uu
V • H. Spreckels . ..........\... ....." .\ 25 00
*-. Golden Gate Lodge No. 6. B. P g : «• £•* *.^;;;;;;";;;;;;;;;: l° 0 c 0 ' 0
0 t^^ 3 -:::::::::::::::::::::::: ' ,- °°, £& r^^:::::::::::::::::::: SSS
V The Hastings KM J. H . A. Folkers 600
* oos Brothers 2 ; 00 John J. Winner 600
A fauson &Co 25 00 e iasco. Harris &Co 500
V M. Hart 10W Palace Hardware Company 600
Jf- H. Lando 100 King, Morse &Co 500
> Eagleson &Co «» 00 American Tract Society 00
{/ G. Jewett '. 250 W. S Townsend ' 500
ji. Brigden. Turney & Batkln 260 d. Roser.blum 200
1 Frank Brothers 500 Tillmann & Bendel SO 00
() Lewis Meyer ■ 100 ][. l . v . &Co 60 00
A Lewis Markus ": 200 Haas Bros f.O 00
T G. Garson 500 Wellman, Peck &Co 25 00
0 Wolf & Frank 250 Sussman, Wormser &Co 26 00
y Sylvan Sellg & Bros 500 Hooper & Jennings 25 00
* Golden Eagle Hotel 10 00 M. S. Greenebaum 25 00
A Morgan Brothers B m Johnson-Locke Mercantile Co 25 00
V George H Covert 500 M. Ehrman &Co 25 00
*r Hansen & Elrlck 10 00 William Cluff &Co 25 00
A The Banner ' 100 Sherwood & Sherwood 25 00
{/ Summerfield & Roman 10 o<j L. Lebenbaum &Co 20 00
1 Ring & Baker 250 J. A. Folger &Co 100 00
A Adolph Schoenfeldt 250 M. J. Brandensteln 100 00
(J Alfred Schmullan 1"0 Mrs. C. Glein, soldiers" headquar
-1 Alfred Lilienfeld ?50 ters 10 00
■T J. J. Gildea 500 Robert Campbell, soldiers' head-
A Castle Brothers MOO quarters 300
-X Recorder's office 5100 Italian-Swiss Colony 2.i 00
A ' O'Connor Moffatt &Co 100 '"0 Gundlach-Bundsehu Wine Co 25 00
V City of Paris 100 00 David Woerner Cooperage Co 25 00
i Hale Brothers 100 00 H. M. Landaburger 800
T Kohlberg Strauss & Frohman.... 25 00 Alex. B. \Vilberforce 250
0 Livingston Brothers 20 00 William Wolff &Co 2a 00
i. *> Samuels 20 00 A. Shirek &Co WOO
T W. M. Smith... 1° "° gon Bros. & Co. (second subscrip
f) E ' Me«">ager '"""""" 500 tion v ....'....' 15 00
V R." D.Davis & C 0.". .::... WOO D. Hamberger &Co 10 00
■X Weinstock, Lubin &Co .25 00 Maurice Rosenthal 10 00.
A Mark? Brothers 500 C. A. Malm &Co 10 00 •
V Golden Cloak Co 25 00 Robinson & Toy.art 10 00
* Schoenholtz Bros. &Co »"" B. Blurnenthar& Co 20 00
A Jacobs &Co ?50 The L.Elkus Company 25 00
V Michels & Wand 10 00 A. Cailleau .; : •5 00
4* Greenbure & Greenbure 10 fn> Employes of Meyerstein &Co 41 2u
-^ i.reenDurg £. ureenDurg Crocker- Wool worth National Bank 200 no
A j Ma r a ninlco 0 .:::::::::::::: 10 00 Daniel Meyer ...: 50 00
L Crescent Corset Company :.-••• s"> Wells. Fargo 4 C 0.... ±~'l 250 00
* Davis. Schoenwa P &Co 10 00 California Safe Deposit and Trust
A C Curtin 800 Company 100 00
V, J. E. Marks &' Co 10 c 0 The Charleston Saloon. S7l Mar
* I Deutch 1° M ket street 20 00
A Charles Newman 10 00 Roseburg Bros.. 10 00
V Green Bros 10"" Fairbanks, Moss &Co 20 00
•* Woods Mum & Fichter 10 00 Employes Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s .
A J. P. Dunne &Co 10 00 molding factory 20 00
V J Gobey 1° 00 The New England Home Bakery.
i F J. Carr s"° 116 Ninth street 100
x M. W. Levy »"" Colonel Barrett and officers Tenth
0 .1 A. Harris 5 °_°, Pennsylvania, U. S. V 155 00
V, Geegns & Sheridan ?0" Hoffman Cafe (Pop Sullivan) 20 00
■* Schaeffer & Barnett 500 Hoffman Cigar Stand 10 no
A Gassaway & Wood i' 00 . i^ Count Bros 50 00
V Faktor & Bolts "00 California Jockey Club 100 no
-fC Lur.stedt Bros -. • "JJ" Raphaels (incorporated) 100 00
A Charles H. Schroeder ?CO ■ Charles A. Uaton ." 25 00
V Leon Frank j?.w c hman & JacAbi 50 00
1 Bogie O'Donnell \m\ j C. Wilson & Co 100 00
x John Crowley ° '"' Alameda ■ Sugar Company 25 00
y William Lyons |™ Union Sugar Company 25 00
L Al White iOO Ameß & Harris 100 00
Ortin & Gerhardt % ."' Inglenook Vineyard Agency....:... 20 00
A J. A. Bastdy -t" Parafflne Pain' Company 20 00
V Kelly & Fulton .||o M. Schussler &Co 25 00
-ft Henry A. Meyer <•••• ;» ' . M t7 . er & Franklin 50 00
A Gus Cleln S- Si ; Treasurer's office. New City Hall ' 20 00
V William Abbott £ •» , M \. Charles Alexander 100 no
■it Gallagher & Flynn ~- to A B Dodge 500
d jkme« M GarrUz .■.■.".■.■.".■.'.'.'.''.".'•."••••• &™ \ Meyerstein Company SO 00
+ fftv^Harrir ::::::::'.".". IS Total to date JH SSS 45
()
rade committee to settle upon the details.
The Young Men's Institute has decided
to accept the Invitation to take part in
the parade. The members are very en
thusiastic in regard to the First Califor
nia by reason of the facl that General
James F. Smith was one of the organizers
of the order. The San Francisco Schuet- ■,
een Vcrein, one nf the oldest (,erman mill- ■
tnrv organizations of San Francisco, Has
deo'i.led to parade, it will probably be
given by reason of its seniority as an or- i
ganization. the right of line of the Ger- j
man division.
At a meeting of the reception commit -
tee" of the Native Sons and Daughters held
last night the medal committee', through
communication, reported that the medals
would not be ready for distribution until
September 1.
♦—
GIFTS OF GREENS
FOR DECORATIONS ■
Citizens of All Parts of the State
Will Aid in the Big
Display.
A plnn auxiliary to the electric illu
mination for the reepption of the Cali
fornia volunteers was adopted yesterday
;.t the meeting of the decoration commit
tee. It tvns submitted by A. Schilling and
contemplates the free use of palms, ferns
and *1r- at the ferry depot and along the
line of p^rad* 3 . Thesp it is proposed to se
cure by donations of trees and frondage
from cities in all portions of the State.
Christmas treo? ar.-> expected t" l>e cut
and donated by the citizens of Eureka.
Ferndale. Fort BraKR. [XJS Hates. PadUC
Grove. R*>d Bluff. Reddinjr. Redwood City,
Santa Cruz and Truckee. Palms and ever
greens from Alameda. Anaheim, Auburn,
Bakersfield Berkeley. Dowmy, Folsom,
Fresno. Hanford, Haywards, Livermore,
Los Angeles, Madera, Martinez, Marys
ville. Modesto, Mountain View, Nevada
City. Oakland. Orovllle, Pasadena, Pleas
anton. Pomona. Redlands. Riverside, Sac
ramento. Salinas. San Bernardino, San
Jose, San Leandro, San Matey, Santa
Ana, Sarta Barbara, Santa Monica. Santa
Rosa, Stockton, Tulare, .Ventura, Visalia
and Merced.
Mr. Schilling was authorized to com
municate with the Mayors of the cities
named and immediately after the meet
ing adjourned he sent each a copy of the
following telegram:
SAN FRANCISCO, Auk. 12. 1899.
California's ovation to her returning soldiers
is to, be without a parallel; enthusiastic co-op
eration from all i arts of the State. Kindly
wire- up at the earliest possible moment whether
we may look to your city to contribute- a lib
eral shipment of Christmas trees, large date
anil fan palm leaves and as many Dracaenas
cut above the ground as the patriotic generosity
of your people will sacrifice. Freight free for
the occasion. . ■
By courtesy of the. Postal Telegraph
Company the telegrams ; were sent free
of charge. The last sentence, "Freight
free for the occasion." was added after
consultation with A. D. Shepard. general
freight agent of the Southern Pacific, who
said his company would deliver three car
loads free whenever the committee was
ready, starting one from Truckee. an
other from Upton and a third from River
side. He said he would also ; instruct
agents to use their best efforts to aid in
the collection of donations. All such
freight more than three carloads, he stat
ed, would be hauled at half the usual
rate. The committee is satisfied, al
though it has not heard from Messrs. J.
B. Stetson and A. B. Foster, that their
roads will do as much as the Southern
Pacific.
It was decided that $1200 should be the
limit of the outlay in this work.
The first reply to the committee's appeal
came last night from Santa Cruz. Mayor
Lamb stated that that city would supply
500 trees and that a large delegation of
his fellow-citizens would be in San Fran-
Cisco on the great day.
NATIONAL GUARD IN LINE
Companies From All Over the State
Will March W.th Volunteers.
Adjutant Genera! Seamans has Issued a
general order granting permission to all
branches of the National Guard of the
State to take part in the parade in honor
of the returning? volunteers.
Company F of the Sixth Infantry, lo
cated at Fresno, has announced that
will come to this city at its own "expense
to participate in the welcome to the sol
diers.
The troop of cavalry located in Sacra
mento will also come to this city and es
cort the returning' heroes to the Presidio.
■ Major Jansen, inspector of the Second
Brigade, has, under direction of Brigadier
General 'Warfleld. forwarded to Com
pany B of San Jose. C of Petaluma, D
of San Rafael, F of Oakland and G of
Alameda, all .of ..the Fifth . Infantry, a
Store Closed
Tuesday August 15th
Haying leased all the floors over our Kearny
street stores in order to enlarge our departments
and improve our facilities by the introduction
of a modern electric elevator and a general
remodeling of the building, we find it necessary
to close Tuesday in order to prepare for our
alteration sale
The sale will begin Wednesday morning
August 1 6th at 8 o'clock and will continue
while the alterations are in progress.
Duringthistime the greatest bargains and best
inducements in first-class goods ever witnessed
in San Francisco, will be offered.
See Tuesday advertisements.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ _^__^^
■*"..; *■ i 9 \ tit I i r. n H*Y
This week we will display our first impor-
tation of NEW SILKS for FALL 1899, and call
particular attention to the following EXCLU-
SIVE NOVELTIES; PERSIAN TAFFETAS
with BLACK SATIN CORDED STRIPE, GRE-
CIAN STRIPED EFFECTS in heavy TAFFETA,
PERSIAN STRIPED CORDED TAFFETA,
CORDED TAFFETA, BLACK SATIN STRIPES,
ILLUMINATED STRIPED CORDED TAF-
FETAS, CORDED and PLISSE TAFFETAS In
all the evening shades, NOVELTIES in BLACK
PLISSE CORDED TAFFETAS, BLACK BAYA-
DERE WAVE and STRIPED DUCHESSE,
BLACK MOIRE and FANCY SATIN STRIPES
and PLAIN and FANCY CORDED EFFECTS
in TAFFETAS.
We will, also show this week our new im-
portation of PLAIN COLORED TAFFETAS in
the veru LATEST SHADES and in a veru
SUPERIOR QUALITY.
MnTT7"~ Our special sale of Ladies' and
IXV/XIJ Gents' Fine Linen Hemstitched
Handkerchiefs will he continued this week,
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Silver Fillings? |
Silver Fillings? |
| 25c Up 1
guarantee 10 years. 2g
EVENINGS until 9. Sundays JJ^
5 i da Set or Teeth. "VAN VROOM" §
painless extractions T -i*.X 1 V l\\/\/l X Zj£
t;^ ree $4 OO up m?*
3J Gold crowns. 22* 3 r.o up 997 Market St., Corner Sixth. Zt:
Fillings 25c up 2^
Teeth Without Plates Our GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. m>
«^ Specialty. "We give gas. " 2^
number of blouses and trousers for use
on the day of the military reception. The
department at Sacramento will furnish
hats.
WILL MAKE IT TEN THOUSAND
The total cash in hand last nipht from
premiums and salps of boxes and seats for
the big reception benefit next Thursday at
the Orpheum was JSS64 50. There are still
a number of desirable seats left, which
can be had on application at the Orpheum
box office.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 324 Tost St.
Strong; service-
able; will last well with every-
day use. Handsome, in figured
covering and plush trimmings.
Worth a great deal more than
this special price to anybody —
$4.50 this week only.
A great stock of Re-
frigerators, Oil Stoves,
Willow Chairs, etc. .
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
tOfT-W23 MISSION STREET,
flbove Sixth)- '
I Phone Booth 14. Open Erenlngi.
Turkish"
Antique, HI 11^0
Rare, RUGS
Select ItUUU
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.
POSITIVELY Three Last Day3— Mon., Tuol.
and Thurs., Aug. 14, 15, 17, at 2:30 P.M.
[ETConnoisseurs and Home and Office Fur-
nishers are Invited to this Important Sale.
" A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAK.NY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. ! KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, OUc to »1 50 day;
: 15 to $3 week: Js to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grates In every.
roc mi elevator runs all night.I Pages II to 20 j
DEEP MYSTERY
SHROUDS THE
MARTIN AFFAIR
Police Investigating
the Case.
SEQUEL TO BITTER LAWSUITS
CHIEF LESS HAS NO DESCRIP
TION OF THE THUGS.
$he Millionaire Reluctant to Give an
Opinion r.s to Whether the At
tacl; Was Inspired by
Enemies.
The tv.-o hired thugs who made the bru
ta! attack upon W. H. Martin, millionaire
mine owr.fr and club man, as he was
passing up Post street on his way to the
Pacific Union Club on Thursday after
nocr.i are still at large. There is little
doubt in the minds of those interested
In the cesc that Martin's vicious assail
cr.:\? were employed by somebody with
whom he had quarreled over big mining
uenls. At any rate. Chief Lees is deter
mined to sift the affair to the bottom and
if Martin's assailants are apprehended
they ana their employer will be severely
dealt with by the police.
At first th<- mine owner was inclined to
liush up the air, but now that it has
been made public he has greed to assist
Chief L.rt>:= in detecting and prosecuting
his .issiw.nr.ts. The police made several
attemuts yesterday to interview Mr. Mar
tin but he could not be found. Inquiry at
the Pacific Union Club developed the re
piv that the gentleman had not been there
during the cay. At a late hour last night
ChiefiLtes succeeded iv getting an inter
view v.lth the millionaire in his apart
ments at the ralace. V ' ■
Martin repeated the story of the attack
in? derail substantial^ the same as the
account published in The Call yesterday.
H sated that he was walking up Post
street toward the Pacific Union Club.
When h< arrived at a point near "Billy"
I vons' saloon above Grant avenue he was
•accosted by two rough looking men. One
<• t'r-Tn struck him from behind and
lir.ocked him against the building. Both
thugs then ined blows upon his face
until he fell to the ground.
The millionaire's recollection of the af
fair *s very confused; as the first Dlow
he recei\ed; stunned him. He remembers,
however; that ■ here were two ladies and
a =. -ink man passing at the time whom he
believes «'o:iii! assist him in identifying
hisl assailant;- and furnishing the police
with a good description of them, Mr.
Martin would like these parties to call or
their names and addresses to him at
the Palace Hotel.
The motive behind the mysterious as-
ESiult was a topic of general speculation
in club liiclc-s all day yesterday. On this
Jcnase of tne case Mr. Martin is reluctant
to' talk. He will not say positively that
ho believes the attack was inspired by a:;
ticmy. "hut his friends insist that it was.
1-urther tr.an that they say that Mr.
Martin has a well founded suspicion as to
the identity ..c£- the. .enemy who inspired
The last few months Martin has
beconiefinvOlved in several lawsuits over
his Sihins affairs. The Litigation bred a
Wtt«?reeiinK [ween the millionaire and
several other prominent mining men -tnd
It 1^ known that one of them has threat
ened Martin within the last few weeks.
W \ Nevllls the mine* owner and cap
italist, "'who is associated with Martin in
the ownership of the famous Rawhide
mine, but who is on bad terms with him
personally' indignantly denies that he had
jmvthins to do with the assault.
\ r»f If.-.- has detailed Detective Cody
on the' case and to-day he will be rein
forced by other per office men. rhey
hone .to land Martin's assailants behind
thf bars in a very short time.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Evidence That the Adjutant's
Ofiice Is a Big Body and That
It Moves Slowly.
The Indications are that the National
Guard of this State will have to face the
butts and engage in target shooting next
month for at this time ammunition is
being distributed to the various com
panies. ■:■• ,
Joseph Putnam has been elected second
lieutenant of Troop L) at Lor, Angeles
The first andr second divisions ot the
Naval Militia will take part in the mili
tary parade upon the dlsembarkationiOf
the California volunteers. The Engineer
Division will also take part
\ correspondent from Petaluma writes
to ask why the commission has not i en
issued to Captain Dickson of Company C
of that place. He was. so writes the cor
respondent, elected ,nd passed a success
ful examination before -the proper officer",
and the papers were sent to Sacramento
to the offto< of the adjutant general on
the 2d inst. The correspondent, who adds
that by reason of the fact that there i.?
no officer under bonds to receive arm and
equipments the company is without sucn,
is informed that great bodies move s ; ow ;
v and that the office of the adjutant
ceneral is one of the great bodies. If
it were not it would have issued the com
missions in less time than ten days The
commissions to Colonel-elect \\ hluon.
Lieutenant Colonel-elect Hayes and
Major-elect Elliott of. the Fifth Infantry,
and those of Captain Cheda and Lieut, n-
B nt Barrow of Company Dof San Ra a-'.
who were elected some time ago. have :io.
vet been issued, and those who are • in
titled to them do not know when they
will : them.
Labor Day Celebration.
The joint committee on Labor day noie
tinj f commXteefl from
( Jouncil and the
ncil. met last night
treet. L< \><-r< wer< i
from several firms declaring their Inten
f closing the shops and give thfir
men a holiday on that occasion, rhe nom
prizes reported that the busi
•:>ms .of the city had donated liber
ally for gate and game prizes. Th com
• • '. ■:■■ a grand celebrati* n
at Glen i 1 Isting of a theatrical
entertalnmi m games and dancing.
P^ar Madam "] saya come;
nlele building. No. 61.
Knights of Tara.
The Knig ive arranged to
pi\ • their fifth annual picnic next Sun
daj at Harbm View Park. They have
ed first-class music and have pre
pan l h good programme of entertain
ment Thi-re wl . games, danc
i n s-c aid other f< tures
Advaicee made on furniture ami pianos, with
or with .ut removal J. Noonan. tOIT-1023 Mission.
St. Brigid'E Reunion.
The fourth annual picnic and reunion
of the parishioners of St. Brigid's church
■will he hel.l at Schuetzen Park on the
9th of September. There will be games
and iv. its and several other Interesting
fi-atun B.
GOLD ON BIG CREEK.
FRESNO. Aug. 12.— News I as just been
received lire of a rich strike on Big
Creek, abo it forty miles from Fresno.
According to the report, the dirt wont
$6 to the pin and averaged $100 a day.
The strike vas made a few days ago Ly
a man nam&i York. The place had. been
prospected b'fore. but only surface woi'k
had been dorp. York went down to bed
rock, and it was considerably below the
surface of the earth that the Bold was
discovered. :' -"•'; ;
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE TO
ASSEMBLE IN GRAND COUNCIL
A Great Organization That Will
Meet in Santa Cruz=by=the=
Sea About the 21st Inst.
PRO DEO, PRO PATRIA— For Ood
and for Country4-the motto of the
Young Men's Institute, will bo
prominent in Santa Cruz between
the 2ist and 26th inst., when the
Grand Council will be in session there.
following named grand officers and
Ltlves will during that time
legislate for the order, which had its
origin in this city In March, 1883. as the
result of a conversation between James
F. Smith, now brigadier general at the
Philippines; John J. McDade, ex-Sheriff
.•f Pan Francisco; GfTK'- Ft Maxwell, VV.
H. Gagan. W. T. Ryan and E. I. Shechan.
From that beginning ther.- has been
formed an organization that has its coun-
Cils all over the I'iilted States.
The prand officers are: Samuel Has-
San Francisco, president; Anthony
Pchwamm. Los Angeles, first vice presi
dent: 1.. K. Ma-han, Eureka, second wlce
..•nt; Rev. M. D. Slattery. Napa,
chaplain; George A. Stanley, San Fran
cis, mi. secretary; William T. Aggeler, Pan
Jose, treasurer; Thomas W. Kelly. Santa
Cruz, marshal; James J. Cantelen, San
Francisco, inside sentinel; Edward Swee
ney, I-ivermore. outside sentinel; Henry
Kugelberg. John D. Mahoney, Jam-- P.
Foley, Antone Pllcovich and John Riley
of San Francisco. T. E. Collins of Fresno,
James T. McNlff of Sacramento and P.
Princevalle of Redwood City, directors.
The delegates from the several localities
are:
Alaroeda— A. F. St. Sur©.
B< nicia— S. J. Houlihan.
CastroviUe— J. E. R<
Eureka— Neil McMillan.
Ferndale— W. J. Flowers Jr., Joseph
LANDIS' FATHER
BALKS OFFICIALS
Lincoln Mystery Grows
Deeper.
INVESTIGATION IS CHECKED
YOUNG MANS LETTERS KEPT
FROM SHERIFF.
Perusal of Them Would, It Is
Thought, Supply a Clew in Sup
port of the Theory of
Suicide.
S;-«.'ip.! Dispatch to The Call.
LINCOLN. Aug. 12.— Another sensa
tional feature of the Landis murder-or
suicide case occurred to-day when John
Landis, the father, accompanied by a
lawyer, put a stop to the examination
Of th; j letters of young Landis in the
office of the latter'a store. This exam
ination was bring carried on by Sheriff
Ke.-na and his deputies. The officers
still cling to the suicide theory, and it
■ vident that they were searching
the effects of the young man for some
thing which would more clearly estab
lish their theory. It is not probable the
Sheriff will strongly oppose the attitude
of the father, who is an aged man and
an honored citizen of Sacramento. The
warmest attachment existed between
father and son, and letters passed be
tween them every day; in fact, the let
ter which young Landia gave to Night
Watchman Redding to mail a half-hour
before his mysterious death was ad
dressed to his father at Sacramento,
and its contents suggested arrange
ments for a trip together to San Fran
cisco later in the week.
The people of Lincoln, who sympathize
with the elder Landis and County Clerk
Landis in their grief, and who. like
them, cling to the murder theory, are
unwilling to believe that the former
had any desire to balk the officials' in
vestigation or to do else than guard
the purely personal matters of his son
from public curiosity. However, his
act this afternoon, whatever the mo
tive has had the effect of delaying the
investigation along the lines of self
murder. What step the Sheriff will
take in the matter of continuing the
examination of Landis' papers remains
to be seen.
The popular esteem in which young
Landis was held could have found no
more touching manifestation than in
the appearance of six young women,
SAX FRAKCISCO, STjyPAY, AUGUST 13, 1399.
Wittmann.
Fresno — Eugene Rohlll.
Haywarda— Rev. John A. Lally.
Llvermore— J. D. Whalon, John Des
mond.
Los Anpeles— O. J. Gellespie. J. R.
Curtis. Rev. John J. Clifford, Theo
dore Kngelbrecht.
Martinez— William J. Refler.
Marysville— Herman Berg.
Menlo Park— Henry C. Hall.
M< re d- lid rge A. Bftaudet.
Monterey Rev. li. M. Mestres.
Napa— William S. Fleming.
Oakland— D. J. Hnllahan. William
Hennessey, Lloyd Stirling, Walter V.
Harrington.
Petaluma— A. C. Seelingcr, F. J. Cav
anaugh.
Port Costa— Patrick J. Murphy, Wil
li.im Tobin.
averaging the age of 20, dressed all in
white, in the role of honorary pallbear
ers at the funeral. Only one .figure ap
peared black and woeful in the spectral
group— that of Miss Altha Stenger. the
young woman to whom, it now appears,
young Landis was engaged to be mar
ried. It was inevitable that some would
have thought that a love affair figured
in the mysterious death of Landis, but
such an inference appears to be wholly
unwarranted.
Forgotten circumstances arc remem
bered now, since the serious exploita
tion of the suicide theory has be
gun. It is recalled that before 9 o'clock
of the night Landis met his death some
women customers at the store re
marked that the young grocer appeared
flushed and excited, and it is said he
pleaded with r^ne of them that she
would defer her business with him until
another time.
To-night the mystery of young Lan
dis' death is deeper, if possible, than on
thf Wednesday morning when his body
was found lying on th<' floor ol his
store, his right hand covering a ragged
wound next to his heart It appears,
by th<- way. that young Landis did not
drink liquor in Matzeh's saloon, as was
erroneously stated in the newspapers
and by individuals. As a matter of
fad the three glasses of liquor which
he is declared to have taken on the
night of his death were obtained at
another place.
SOME BRING GOLD,
OTHERS NOTHING
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— Ninety-five Klon
dik<rs arrived here to-day on the steamer
Hurnboldt from Skaguay. They brought
gold dust, the value of which is esti
mated by Purser Cartoll at $250 .n00. Tho
richesi miners aboard were H. C. Ander
son and Michael Knudson, who own
claims on El Dorado Creek. They are
credited, with $80,000 between them.
Passengers from Atlin bring a report of
a quart* discovery on Pine Creek. Lyman
Farwell of Redlandtf, Cal., has a lot of
free miling gold ore, found near Pinte
Creek.
A hard-luck siory is told by two pros
pectors who boarded the Humbolut at
Juneau from Cooks liTlet. They are John
Johnson and E. R. Rowden. the last of
the Boston expedition which rounded
Cap.- Nome over a year ago on the
schooner Robert L. Richardson. Two
men Nelson and Bansen, died on the way
around. About fifteen of the party
reached hen- some time ago on the Gen
eral Siglin. The men put- $2600 each into
the enterprise and are now coming back
penniless, but glad to be alive and again
in civilization.
Excursion to Spreckeis.
SANTA CRUZ, Auk. 12.— A big excur
sion left this city this morning for a tr'p
to Spreckels, Pacific Grove and Monterey.
The outing was for the benefit of the
town clock fund, to replace the horologe
destroyed during; the fire which burned,
the Odd Fellows' building. Ten cars well
filled with passengers left this city, and
passengers boarded the train at Capitola
and other way stations. Through the
courtesy of Claus Spreckels the immense
sugar factory at Spreckels was opened to
the excursionists.
SOME NOTABLE OFFICERS.
Redwood City— James D. Hedge.
Bai ramento— Thomas Schad, Frank
D. Ryan. Thomas M. Diviny. L. \V.
Mahoney, C. D. Hastings.
San Francisco— E. K. Myriok, John
THE MARRIAGE
CONTRACT WILL
BE PRODUCED
Mrs. Craven Is Still
After Fair's Wealth.
FILES VARIOUS PLEADINGS
THE DISTRIBUTION ORDERS ARE
CONTESTED.
Through the Defeat of the Trust
Clause an Opening Has Been
Left for Further Liti
gation.
Judge Slack's decision declaring the j
trust clause of the will of the late James ;
G. Fair invalid has left an opening for
Mrs. Nettle it. Craven to play her biggest;
card in the game for the dead capitalist's
millions. Mrs. Craven has marshaled her i
forces around her, and yesterday, through ,
her attorneys, W. W. Foote, Pence & ;
Penrf, Denson, Oatman & Denson and A. j
Ruef. filed a number of pleadings with the j
County Clerk, their purpose being to es- I
tablish, if possible, her claim that she is j
the widow of the late Senator Fair and |
entitled to one-third of his entire estate, i
The executors of the will, the heirs and
all persons interested in James G. Fair's |
estate are named as defendants. The de- ;
cislon rendered by Judge Slack declaring ,
the trust clause invalid has made this I
possible. When the trust Clause fell the I
estate stood as though Senator Fair had j
died intestate, so far as the larger por
tion of the property was concerned. Im
mediately the heirs at law made applica
tion for partial distribution of the real
property. The application was granted,
and then the heirs sought distribution of j
the personal property. Upon these distri- j
button orders the battle will be made.
Mrs. Craven comes into court this time
under section 1664 of the Code of Civil
Procedure, which provides for the proof
of heirshlp and right of distribution there
under. Florence Blythe Hinckley made
her fight for the millions of the hue
Thomas Blythe and she won. What Mrs.
Craven's success will be remains to be
The complaint filed by Mrs. Craven in
the matter of ascertaining and declaring
the rights of the heirs and all persons
to the estate of the late Senator Fair, and
all interests therein, and to whom dis
tribution thereof should be made, sets
forth these allegations:
First, that she is the widow of the de
ceased, who left an estate of great value,
List of Delegates From Differ
ent Parts of the State Who
Will Legislate for the Order.
J. McCarthy. D. J. O'l.eary. M. J. Con
nerton. Dr. C. A. Glover, William M.
Gellispte, George M. Kelly. Frederick
F. Dunne, Joseph H. Hoare, Frank J.
Driscdll. John A. Dunleavy, Edward
Miles, Rev. Joseph M. Gleason, P. J.
Lawier. Charles L. Ebner, R. A. Mil
ler. John H. Dillon. Rev. E. P. Demp
sey, !•:. J. Dollard, W. W. (Jriffln, Har
ry' Pinkham, Edward O'Donnell, Dan
iel P Cronin, M. J. Neubauer, Michael
Sabardin, Narb.rt Schneider. Frank
A. Dumont, Daniel T. Powers, Thomas
J. Eioran, ( "harlea I>. O'Connor.
Salinas— James Hurley.
San lose— W. F. Bollinger, John W.
Sullivan.
San Rafael— R. W. Johnson, Jame»
F. Manney.
San Mateo— John D. Daly.
Santa Cruz— X. A. Cook, George S.
Tait.
the income from which is at present $200,-
UOO a year. The entire >st :< t»- properties
itTo nexi described, and then Mrs. Craven
:ays thai none of the described properties
were disposed of by James <J. Fair by will,
this alligation being based on the defeat
of the trust clause.
No legal distribution has been made,
she says: the estate is still in process
of administration md no proceedings
havn been taken as required by section
n.i',4 of the Code of Civil Procedure for
the purpose of determining- the beirship
ami title to the estate. Hence she makes
the claim that as the widow of the de
ceased she is entitled to an undivided
one-third of all the real property of the
estate and to one-third of the profits, as
well as the same fraction of the p-rsonal
property, after the payment of the lega
cies, debts and expenses of administra
tion have been deducted, and she prays
judgment accordingly.
In an accompanying petition Mrs.
('raven prays that an ■■rder lie made, as
provided by section i«O4. requiring all per
sons Interested in the estate to set forth
the nature of their claims on or before
a day to lie specified by the court, not
iess than sixty days nor more than four
months' from 'the date of the order, and
that the court ascertain and d<'?lare the
rights of all persons to the estate, their
interests therein and to whom distribu
tion should be made.
The petition cf Charles 1,. Fair. Theresa
A. Oelrichs ami Virginia Fair for partial
distribution of the personal property of
the .state, filed April 23, 1897. is objected
to and resisted by Mrs. Craven. In her
pleadings In answer to the petition Mrs.
■ raven denies the allegations therein that
the petitioners are the only heirs of the
deceased capitalist and alleges "that in
truth and in fact she. the said Nettie R.
Craven Fair, i the surviving widow and
one of the heirs at law of the deceased."
She denies that they are entitled to all
of the property and that she. as such
widow, is entitled to one-third as set forth
above. Mrs. Craven further contends that
the court has no jurisdiction, authority or
warrant of law to adjudge or decree the
distribution of the personal property and
hence she prays that the proceedings for
distribution In-tituted by Charles L. Fair.
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Fair
be finally dismissed.
Another petition in which Mrs. Craven
demands that iDe findings of fact, con
clusions of law and decree of partial dis
tribution Of real estate to Charles L. Fair,
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Fair,
made and rendered April 13. 1597, be va
cated and set aside, was filed. As befora
she sets forth that as decedent's widow
she is entitled to one-third thereof and
that the. proceedings were without legal
warrant and r violation of the statutes.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ooenn.
American Drowned in Mexico.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 12.— E. W. Dnanp,
manager of the Internation.il Co-Operat
ive Mlnins Company, whose headquarters
are in this city, yesterday received in
formation of the drowning of Charles
Hodgdon in the Arroyo el Repardo, State I
of Sonora. Mexico, last Monday. Hodg
don was an American, about . r >o years old. !
who was employed by the mining com
pany to move some machinery from Ortiz,
a station on the Sonora Railway about
twenty-five miles north of Guaymas . i.->
BuaquJ Grande, sixty-five mile? east of
Ortiz. Hodgdon was swept away by the
force of the current while fording the
Arroyo on horseback. The body has not
been "recovered. <
! Pages! toTo j
San Luis Obispo— Frank McEntee.
Santa Rosa— A. M. Bertolani.
Sonoma— R. J. Dowdall.
Stockton— James P. Carroll, P. D.
Campbell.
VaUejo— J. Harry Brennan, Frank
Wutsr.nville— Joseph Larkin, M. Fitz
♦ Patrick.
J Virginia City, New— George D. Pyne,
| Joseph P. Stenson.
The present membership of the order in
1 California and Nevada is 4600. During the
♦ >car the membership roll has been in
( reased by about 250. Sixteen of the coun
cils are located in San Francisco. But
one council was instituted during the
year, and that was Victor, No. 5-n, at
Los Angeles. The finances have
good, .showing an increase of about $3500.
The programme for the week at Santa
Cruz includes:
Monday— Solemn pontifical high mass
by his Grace, Bishop Montgomery of
Los Angeles, in the Church of the Holy
Cross. After the mass the grand officers
and delegates will proceed to Native Sons'
Hall, where the fifteenth Grand Council
will be organized. In the evening the
delegates will be tendered a reception at
the Armory by the young ladies of the
parish.
Tuesday— Business session, and concert
in the evening.
Wednesday— Business sessions, and re
ception In the evening at the Del Mar.
Thursday— Business sessions, and ban
quet in the evening.
Friday— Morning business session, and
baseball match in the afternoon between
Santa Cruz and San Jose teams. Grand
ball in the evening at Armory Hall.
Saturday— Excursion to Capitola, and
lunch in the woods.
VENETIAN CARNIVAL
IS TO BE REVIVED
IT WILL BE A FEATTJKE OF THE
NATIVE SONS' FETE.
A Three Days' Celebration Will Be
Held in the City of Santa
Cruz.
The meeting of the joint committee of
th« ninth of September committee of the
Native. Sons of the Golden West was held
last night in -the Native Sons" building.
Progress reports were received from thfr
several subcommittees.
James P. Dockery, who presided in the
absence of President Byington, said that
he had visited Santa Cruz, where the
celebration is to be held and attended a
meeting of Santa Cruz Parlor, found the*
members very enthusiastic and that the
committee of arrangements had decided
on a three-day celebration. On the
night of Friday, when the train with the
visiting Native Sons reaches Santa I'ruz.
the visitors will be welcomed by the men:
bership of the local parlor and citizens
and there will be a procession and dis
play of fireworks.
On Admission day there will be in the
forenoon a grand parade and in the after
noon literary and musical exercises, to be
followed by visits to neadquarters of par
lors and dancing in the evening at several
places.
On Sunday there will be a number of
excursions to points of interest in and
around Santa Cruz. In the afternoon
there will be a sacred concert by the sea
side. A baseball match has also been ar
ranged for. The evening will be devoted
to visiting headquarters.
On Monday there will he a clambake
and bullshead breakfast during the early
forenoon and in the evening there is to he
a reproduction of the Venetian Carnival
that was given in that place in 1595. The
money that is usually expended for a
grand' ball will be used in arranging the
carnival.
THAT JAMAICAN TREATY.
Kasson Says It Is Not Antagonistic
to California.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 12.— The Chamber
of Commerce here has received . a com
munication from 'John A. Kasson, one of
the commissioners appointed to arrange
a reciprocity treaty with Jamaica. Re
garding the treaty he says:
"The treaty, although signed by the
President of the United States, does not
become operative until -atifled by the
Senate. There is no public knowledge or
its provisions now, hence no intelligent
foundation for the assertion that ! the
treaty is antagonistic to the interests of
California. Personally 1 do not consider
it so." . •
• . . .
Big Transfer of Property.
FRESNO. Aug. 12.— An instrument was
filed in the County Recorder's office to
day requiring revenue stamps to the
amount of $4fiO. It was a deed given by
the Fin de Sieele Investment Company
conveying property Jn Kings. Tulare,
Kern. Fresno, Merced. Tuolumne, Stan
islaus and San Joaquin counties, valued
at $460,000. This is the largest amount of
stamps ever placed on an instrument in
this office.
V
BOARDMAN, SHE
SAYS, BEGGED
FOR HER HAND
Mrs. Gladstone Makes
Her Deposition.
WANTS HALF A MILLION
SHE SAYS THE MILLIONAIRE
CRUELLY FORSOOK HER.
Claims It Was the Defendant's De
ceased Wife That First Proposed
a Union Between Them on
Her Death.
Mrs. Elizabeth Gladstone made her dep
osition yesterday in th<? offices of Attor
ny Eugene Deuprey to be used in her ac
tion against Millionaire Joseph Boardman
of Oakland for breach of promise. For
her -vounded feelings, loss of <"tnpnnion
ship, love and affection and humiliation
Mrs. Gladstone seeks the modest sum of
$500,000.
The attorneys first questioned the plain
tiff on the number of times sin- met
Boardman after the death of his wife.
I She answered that they met flve or six
times, the meetings usually being for the
purpose of talking over business matters,
but finally Mr. Boardman talked of other
matters, including love. Hence the suit.
Mr. Bcardman was the next witness and
he added about the same amount of infor
mation to the store already in the pos
session of the lawyers and an adjourn
ment was taken till Monday.
Mrs. Gladstone, who is the mother of
thirteen living children, four now rest
ing: in the grave beside the bodies of her
two husbands, is determined that Board
/nan must pay dearly for his actions In
wooing" and winning: her and then, just
as she was the happiest in the thought of
the ?ife in store for her with ;t husband
worth 16,000,000, forsaking her and taking
as his wife a Miss Walker, who 'Maims
youth, beauty and accomplishments.
Mrs. Gladstone says that time and again
Mr. Boardman begged h< r to become his
wife, the tirst time being but three weeks
after his wife's death. She finally con
sented, stating, however, that he must
wait six mmiths. The tiny had about
elapsed. She was busy preparing her
trousseau when the knowledge <if hi? un
faithfulness came to her. She further
recites a pathetic deathbed scene and her
parting with Mrs. Boardman. Mrs. Board
man. she says, implored her to be good to
her husband and .said that she would be
happy to see Mrs. Gladstone installed In
her stead in the Boardman home as its
mistress, and with that wish in mind
banded her the keys to the house. Board
man saw this and when the funeral was
over and he had regained bis composure
he hurried to Mrs. Gladstone with his
offer of marriage.
Mrs. Gladstone says that she has known
Boardman for twenty years; long:
ago, she continues, she leased the house
in which she now lives from Boardman
for a nominal rent, the agreement UMng
that she was finally to receive a deed.
Now she says Boardman has taken step*
to nullify the agreement, his objeel be
ing to even up the suit she filed against
him for breach of promise.
COURT NOTES.
Police Judge Treadwell appeared before
Superior Court Judge Dunne yesterday
morning to show cause why he should not
sign a bill of exceptions presertfd to him
by George D. Collins, attorney for George
Upton, who was convicted in the Police
Court of selling lottery tickets. Ju<lg«
Dunne accepted Judge TreadwelTs .-x
--cu- that he had been too busy, and
allowed him until next Saturday to sign
the bill.
Daniel Burke, recently convicted on a
charge of grand larceny, was sentence;!
to eight years in Folsom prison by Judg.j
Dunne yesterday.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
filed suit yesterday against the Stat° to
recover J2354 fo. the value of merchandise
precipitated into the bay by the collapse
of a portion of pier !> on August 14, 1597.
The Odd Fellows' Jubilee.
The executive committee of the Odd
Fellows' iubilee at its meeting last night
received progress reports from all the
committees. These show that the affair
will be a success in every respect. All the
local lodges have decided to take part and
a number of the interior nnes will help
swell the number. Permission was grant
ed to the Rebekah? to dispose of twenty
flve souvenir badges by auction, and
; these will be the only ones disposed of
! prior to September 1.
One thousand official flags were ordered,
and it was announced that 30,000, instead
of 10,000, of "Fity Years of Odd Fellow
ship in California," the official souvenir,
will be issued.
GRAPE-NUTS.
I WELL FED I
t BRAINS §
t ■ AND *
I HEALTHY *
<$> BODY J
: * *
£ Can Do Things. ♦
| GRAPE=NUTSf
<*> : • <$>
GET STRENGTH AND HEALTH
FROM FOOD.
One of the surest ways to head off
| and stop disease is to make a complete
! change in diet.
Food makes the body, and if your
' body is ill cr becoming, so the symp-
toms are sort of signal flags hung up
by nature which plainly say: "Give
j me better building materials." ;
Heed the call and change your diet.
With good health a man or woman
j can do things in this world. It may
i be worth a fortune to you to learn of
'•■ the kind of food that rebuilds' brains
; and, in a way, reorganizes the whole
bodily structure.
Make breakfast of a dish of Grape-
Nuts and cream, a slice of entire wheat
] bread and a small bit of butter, some
j fruit and a cup of Postum Cereal Coffee
I (well made). For a hot morning the
Postum can be served cold with lemon
j juice.
This plain, simple breakfast contains
■ the most powerful rebuilding elements
: and goes to the system in such a way
as to be readily assimilated without
needless effort.
In ten days' time the person will ex-
perience such a change for the better
that he becomes a convert for life to
i the plan of warding off disease by the
i skillful selection of food.12
SPORTS, and only sports, occupy the
attention of the select set these
days. It's either polo or goif or
tennis or pony racing, and not to
he interested in nne or the other of these
sports is to he helplessly out of it.
A pleasant afternoon was spent by the
members of the Burlingame Country Club
and their guests on Saturday. August 5.
A number of parties had luncheon on the
clubhouse verandas, where a stringed or
chestra played until 3 o'clock, when then*
was a parade nf coaches and .brakes to
San Mateo and hack to the polo grounds.
The whips were: Walter Sc^tt Hobart,
Henry J. Crocker, Charles A. Baldwin,
George F. Pope, Joseph I ' Grant. Rich
ard M. Tohin, Peter D. Manin. Francis
.1. Carolan, B. O. Beylard and Prince An
dr- Poniatowski.
Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan .7. < "rooks gave
a dinner party on Friday, August 4. at
Fairfax to a number ot their friends.
After dinner the party enjoyed a drive.
and th<-'ii had supper at the Crooks cot-
San Rafael. Among their guests
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Runyon,
Miss A >'■ v.-r.s. Carter
p Pomeroy and E. M. Greenway.
Free, nek H. Greenwood entertained
Mr. and Mrs. Fred 11. Green and Miss
■ den.
<■:• Sunday, August H.
Mr. and Mrs. Mcßean and Mis- Mcßean
entertained over Monday and Tuesday
it the Hotel Rafael. Miss
Crockett and Miss Mary Scott. Among
those invited to mcci them at dinner (in
.iy we :■• Miss Therese MOl
Willie "O'Connor, E. M. <ireenway. Sam
uel <:. Boardman anil Harry N. Stetson.
On Wednesday they entertained Miss
Helen Hopkins, Lawson S. Adams and
W. S. Page.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred H. Green enter
tained Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard at
dinner at the Hotel Rafael on Friday,
August 4.
Mi-. i-r>'i Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett anil
Miss Caro Crockett leave early next week
for a ten days' visit to Del Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. William 11. Crocker. Mrs.
Sperry anil Miss Sp<rry returned to New
York from Liverpool on the White Star i
liner Teutonic. They are expected here I
next week.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Frederick Kohl of
Menlo Park sailed for Liverpool on the
White Star liner Majestic on July 26.
Miss Cora Smedberg left early in the
week for Lake Tahoe, where she is the j
guest of Mrs. "William Thomas and the |
Misses Mary and Ellen Thomas at their j
tamp.
Mr. and Mrs. Mcßean and Miss Me- j
Bean expect to go to Del Monte this week j
and soon after their return will go East
for a two months' visit.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott and Miss
Mary Scott leave early next week for a
fortnight's visit to Del Monte.
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard and Miss
Maud Howard were guests at the Hotel
Cecil in London at latest accounts.
Edward M. Greenway will go to Del
Monte next Thursday for the remainder j
cf the season.
Mrs. Isaac Hecht and Miss Elsie Herht .
have returned from a -mx weeks' stay at
Lake Tahoe. They will spend the munth
of August at Del Monte.
Major and Mrs. J. L. Rathhnne are at
the Hotel del Monte for the remainder of
the season.
Dr W. F. McNutt is in New York,
where he met Mrs. McNutt and the
Misses Mamie and Ruth McNutt on
Wednesday on their return from a two
years' stay In Europe.
* n«ntoin and Mrs. X. H. Payson and
SOCIETY
Miss Payson are among the guestfe at the
Hotel del Monte.
They're Engaged
J. F. Butler, navigator's yeoman aboard
the United State* ship Marietta, is to be
married to Miss Alice Coolbaugh of
Chelsea, Mass., 0:1 the 6th prox. It is a
rase of pure romance and love at lirst
sight the young people having met for
the lirst time about one month ago. Mr.
Butler is a San Francisco boy and ma>
quite a name for himself in the theatrical
fine previous to his enlistment In the
navy In July. 1897.
The engagement reception of Mis? Ber
tha Magner and Julius Czerwinsky of Los
Angeles will be held at the Magner resi
dence 906 O'Farrell street, on Sunday.
August 20, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Tessle Magclre, youngest daughter of
Mrs. May Magulre. to Charles Parks.
Miss Maguire is well known in musical
and society circles in this city. Mr. Parks
is a well-known and prominent wholesale
merchant.
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Miss Lita J. Woodworth
and Samuel McFarland of Madera County
took place Wednesday. August 2, at the
residence of the bride's mother. Mme.
Rose Woodworth, 1712 Parkin street, in
this city, the »ivited guests being- limited
to the immediate members of the families.
The happy couple have gone north on
their honeymoon and on their return will
reside in Madera County.
On Thursday, August 3. was quietly
solemnized the wedding of Mrs. Juliet
Levy and L. Zekind. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. Ni,eto, at the
home of the bride's cousin, Marion Leven
tritt, corner of California and Gough
streets. Mr. and Mrs. Zekind are spend
ing a few weeks in Sausafito, and on their
return will reside at 1306 Post street.
Outing Parties.
On Sunday. July 30, a delightful outing
party was given by Mrs. J. S. Adams at
Mount Tamalpais. Luncheon was enjoyed
under the trees and during the afternoon
Forest Adams made lightning sketches of
different points of the mountain as sou
venirs fa *h« ladles. Music was In order
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ATOUST 13, 1899.
in the pavilion. The party returned in
time to partake of an excellent supper
provided "by Mrs. A. S. Wafer at her cot
tage In Millwood. After the usual toasts
the musical programme was continued un-
I til train time, when many of the guests
returned to the city. Members of the
1 party were Sergeant Thomas Flanders,
Mrs. F Rurmann. Hugh McC.innis, Miss
Flora Chisholm. Howard Wade, Miss
Sadie A. Wafer. Mrs A. S. Wafer Mr.
and Mrs. J. S. Adams, Miss Mac Chis
holm. forest Adams.
On Sunday. August 6. a bus ride was
' given on the Young American to Mies
Canyon by Sam Martinovich and \>ilit<»
' King The affair was enjoyed by every
one These present were: Miss < lara
Rooney, Willie King. Miss Harriet Roon
, Mi--- Rosie Wolmar, Frank ( arriea,
Joe Jon.loff. Miss Sarah Luboseh, Miss
1 Haiti- Wolf Maurice Jacobs. Miss Eisie
Conn Mr Jacobß, Miss Bella Herald.
Sam Martinovich. Miss Fannie Wqllmar,
Joe Jose,,!,. Miss Bessie Barren, Rudolph
i;.-. nberg Miss Rae Jacobs. Theodore
Debovichy Miss Tillie Godchaux. J. Ga*
cla I- Godchaux, Joe King, Miss Mabel
Miller, Frank Corriea.
lr> the Future.
The Astorias announce their third even
ing fires? assembly for Tuesday evening.
August. 22. at Saratoga Hall (main hall.',
IKM Geary street. They also announce the
election 'of the following officers: Th. L.
Carol president; Q. Gensler, vice presi-
I dent: J. C. Laekenback, secretary; Dan
Markwits, treasurer; Maurice J.-Congdon,
| director. _^
Club Parties.
The Pleasure Seekers' Club gave a ball
I at Techau Hall, 117 Mason street, Thurs
day evening. August 3. The success of the
j ball is due to the management of J. W.
' Goetze (chairman). Herman A. Fortriede,
! P. C. Gebhardt, Eggert Peters, W. Krahn,
Dr. F. H. Cranz, H. Detjen. Fred Suhr Jr.,
H Borefeld and A. Henning.
The Cerro Club gave its fourth annual
i entertainment and ball at Techau Hall
I Saturday, August 5. The following pro
gramme was a grand success: Overture.
i Falkenstein's orchestra; coon specialty,
Louis Barney; vocal solo. Peter Duns
' worth- barytone selection. Avit le Faille;
buck and wing dancing, little Annie Burg;
! recitation, D. E. Hanlon: vocal solo. Miss
C. Erskine. Dancing concluded the even
ing's entertainment.
Home Gatherings.
A most enjoyable masquerade surprise
party was given on Saturday last in honor
of Edwin Mohr. the second son of Mr.
1 and Mrs. M. Mohr, at their home, 2218
i Van Ness avenue. The spacious parlors
1 of the mansion were crowded with a lively
i throng in costume, while music, flowers
and the light of numerous Chinese lan
terns had transformed the scene of the
1 festivities into a veritable fairyland.
i Amuus the masqueradera were young ia
dies dressed as soldiers from the Presidio,
sailors from the men-of-war in the har
bor. Venetian banditti. Spanish dancers
and' Parisian flower girls. The masculine
costumes ranged all the way from a ro
tund monk, garbed in the vestments of
the Benedictine order, to a happy-go
lucky negro minstrel, who, with Miss Km- i
ma Lane, performed some fancy dancing. |
One of the chief features of the even ng
was a cakewalk. in which the following:
coupl-s competed: Miss N. T. Donigan
and Alfred Christiansen. Miss Leona Mohr
and Robert O'Donnell, Miss Emma Une j
and Edwin Mohr. Miss Esther Dubois and |
Oscar Mohr. Miss Claudlne Breitzmann
and Harold Mohr, Miss Ethel Ibottson and
Robert J. Breitzmann Jr. After a Closely
contested walk the prize was awarded by
the judges to the first named couple. At
midnight the revelers unmasked and an
excellent cold collation was served. Danc
ing was then resumed and the merry par
ty did not disperse until daybreak.
Among the guests present were the lol
lowing: Miss Mayne McMahon Miss N.
T. Donigan, Miss Beatrix Walter Miss
Alice Norman. Miss Augusta Kne 1. Miss
Pauline Dubois. Miss Esther Dukois. Miss
Annie ODonnell, Miss Rosa O Donnell.
J. White Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Mil
ler Miss Margaret Riley. Meryyn
Doiogby, Miss Leona Mohr Oscar Mohr,
Norman Mohr. Mr. and Mrs M Mohr.
Mrs. B. Knell, Charles A Rj»«»erfora.
Miss Emma D.maghy. Edwin Mohr, Miss
Emma Lane. P. S. Norman. Miss Anna I.
Bennett. Robert J. Breitzmann Jr.. Har
old Mohr. Miss Claudlne Breitzmann. Al
fred Muhr.flUiss Edna Richmond, Miss A.
Lanzendorf. Robert G. O'Donnell. -Miss
Gladys Beringer. Edgar Regan. Miss Har
riet Miller. Edward Miller. Miss Alice O.
Norman. Miss Alma Jllackhurn , Lou s
Andre. C. Willard Evans. Miss Sophia
Breitzmann, Miss Freda r.reitzmnnn. Miss
Anita Riley. Theodore [bbotson. Mr. and
Mrs. Austyn Granville, Alfred Christian
sen, Miss ' Minnie Riley and Miss Ethel
Ibhotson
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
by Mr. and Mrs. U F. Smith of 172 High
land avenue to Mrs. Blom and husband
of Honolulu, who are now on their way
to Europe on their wedding tour. A
pleasant lime was B pent dancing until
morning. The house was decorated with
flowers. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Blom, Mr. and Mrs- Smith. Mr.
and Mrs. Byers and family, Mrs. i heresa
Coffin, A. B. Peterson, Miss Rosa P< ter
son •: Jansen, Mr. and Mrs Sonel and
family Mr. Kreigerman, William Smith,
Mrs L. Bonn and daughter, Mr. and Mrs.
Holqulsi and family. Miss Agnes Barry.
Mr and Mrs. Hansen, Mrs. L-_f*e ",'
Fresno Miss Maude Lautner. Mrs. ( .
Costa, Mr. and Mrs. Roberts and family
and others.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
last Saturday evening, August ... to Miss
vn Willcox and her guest. Mis« Grace
Walsh of San Francisco, at the residence
of Mr and Mrs. S. Willcox of San Juan.
San Benito County, by a number of
young friends. The evening wan spent in
music games and singing till midnight,
when a bounteous repast was served.
tonong those present were: Miss Marie
r Detlefson. Miss Alice Jeans, Miss Rossie i
: X.-nip, Miss Caddy Kemp. Miss Kate j
■ Wallace Miss Gertie Williams. Miss i
Mamie Lacey of Sun Jose. Miss Corinne
Waterman of San Jose, Miss Lena Talx.
Miss Mac Regan. Miss Lottie Began, Miss
Idu Burnett. Miss Eileen Breen. Miss
Charlotte Breen. Miss Alice Bingham,
Miss Stella McKee, Miss Edith McKee,
Miss Grace Walsh of San Francisco Miss
Adi wilicox and Mrs. s. WlUcpx; Messrs.
C. Detlefson. A. Detlefson. A. Taix J.
Riip.-. F. Dowdy. A. Moore. W . Rpache,
W. Davis, W. Bingham. C. Clark, G.
Jeans, C. Abbe, A. Burnett. F. Breen C.
McKee, F. McKee, C. Wilicox, J. Will
< cox and S. Wilicox.
A very pleasant afternoon wa»s spent at.
the residence of Mrs. Herbert. Scribner at
Millwood, July 24, the occasion being the
1 birthday of her eldest daughter, Arvllla.
The table and house decorations were en
tirely of pink. The little girls received
'■■ pink dolls aw souvenirs and the boys bane-
I balls The young folks engaged in
games, -while the older folks were enter
i tamed by a- tine musical programme. Mrs.
Scrlbner was assisted by Mrs. Frank
Elmendorf. Mrs. J. S. Adams and Miss
Sadie A. Wafer. Those present were:
Miss Marguerite Coffin. Miss Aileen (am
eron. Miss Arvilla Scribner Miss Mariorte
Scrlbner Miss Ethel Maroney. Miss
i Marion Maroney. Miss Marjone Elmen
dorf. Master Victor Schareht. Master
Harry Van Meter. Mrs. F. Van Meter,
i Mrs. A. S. Wafer and Mrs. * . Krebbs.
Mr. and Mrs. John Novitsky were ten
dered an elaborate banquet last Tuesday
evening in commemoration of their twen
ty-fifth wedding anniversary. The affair
was given in the nature of a surprise and
was wholly arranged by their two sons,
J John and Joseph Kovltsky. A very pleas
ant evening was spent at festive
board and in listening to the bea . utl t fu j se
lections of a most efficient orchestra.
Sailed Away.
The steamship Moana sailed on Tuesday
for Honolulu, Auckland and Sydney.
Among those who took passage were:
Honolulu— Lieutenant Philip Andrews,
Mrs. E. F. Berger, J. H. Bishop, Miss
Minnie Burns, Miss Eva K. Pratt Cart
wright, Arthur E. Corder, Mrs. G. S.
Evans; Miss E. Evans, Miss Evans.
Miss Coni Fassoth. ,^ ill^ 1 " M.
Graham, wife and child: Mrs. n ;\:
H. Hoogs and two children, Frank
Hoogs, A. Koebele. Mis \ ffs ? I 'a a iiie
Ki-out, Mrs. B. A. LeVan, Miss Sail
Livingston, Miss S. Love M'bs Marie
Lucas, C. J. Ludwigsen, J. A. Magoon,
! wife and three children; P. Martin, Mrs.
i C. C. McCall and child, Mrs. J. F. Mor
gan and child, Mrs. A.W Pearson Miss
M. H. Perley. Mrs. Elizabeth ck r f f a , ni! A u
Pratt, Dr. J. H. Raymond and nile. a.
C. Russell, Miss K. Smith, Mrs. I. J. iai
I bot, L. A. Thurston and wile. O. ».
I Walker and wife, Miss S. Watt, W. C.
Weedon and Miss White. . _
Apia-Captain R. Engel. George L.. Bus
sell and Mrs. G. H. Stafford. T, r(VWn
Auckland-Professor J. McM. Brown.
John Cook, R. Cook. J. A. Frostick, Rob
i crt Malcolm and Mrs. H. Pollok, two
i children and maid. • »
SYDNEY— Mrs. R. M. Atwater and
1 child. Miss Atwater. W. J. Brewer. •»•**.
Butcher. Miss L. E. Callahan A. A. Cocks
and wife, L. J. Davies. L. W. Dodge. £•
Elzas, O. D. Frary. J. S. Giles and wife
Robert Giles, F. A. Goodmanson, wite
and two children: H. W. Henderson and
wife. Dr. J. McC. Henderson. Moss
Isaacs and wife, Miss Isaacs M. R. Lan
caster. Joseph Malms, Nathaniel Miller
Jr., JamesMuir, T. H. Noonan and wife,
IS. B. Peterson and wife, Miss H. v.
Pettigrew, H. E. Raymond. A. Rel chard,
J. P. Richardson, William- Tuckfield, Mrs.
H. M. Virtue and two children. E. War
ren, Thomas W. Warren and John v\ hal-
'"join at Honolulu for Auckland-Mrs.
Pollak and child. „ T
Join at Honolulu for Sydne>-S. J.
Wilks, wife, two children, maid and \alet.
Persooals.
Miss Lillie Callahan and her niece, Mis?
Helen Pettigrew, sailed on the steamer
Moana this week for Paris by way of
Australia and India. They will be joined
at Perth by Mrs. S. V. Pettigrew with
whom they will travel extensively for
tW H. Hollman and family have returned
from Menlo Park. -««.'.
Mrs. M. Ecks left on Thursday for a
tour of California, and expects to be gone
some time. ,
E. Messager left Wednesday events
f °Mrs e Charles W. Le Baron and sister,
Miis~"l.ou Daniels, have left for Menlo
Park to spend a few weeks.
Mrs. S. Cohen and family <r Los An
geles are visiUng Catalina Island. >l
Carrie Schubener of San Francisco is also
|captain and Mrs. Albright US A are
among those registered at Hotel Lenox.
of Sarramento are spending the month 3 f
tSISS. l , n^ 1 do l a L nd n Perrault)
h Tla e rrfLeno O r°e m a S nd a^^S D^^of th.
Ci'^n^-lld'irforli^h^atP^Sioli
Housed Sonoma County, before returning
h °Ur% John Hayden has given „ up her
summer residence, the -"Arbor .at San
Hafn^i where she, with her aauf,nici&
';•!! some invited friends, spent the past
SU MrT er William H. Hanson of Redwood
City and her daughter; Miss Nellie Tur
ner have returned from Lake Tahoe.
\i'r Hnd Mrs J/Johnstone Loggifi and
famivhav returned from their ranch
in Humboldt and will continue to, receive
on the second and fourth Wednesdays
Denis O'Sullivan. having prolonged his
«t"v here To unusual limits, has decided
finally to return to Europe. He and Mrs.
o"suHivan leave on the 2Sth and go di
i>rtlv to Paris for tho winter.
Miss Ella V McCloskey has returned
home after a months vacation in Port-
X oV Miss May Richards of Portland
will " be' Miss McCloskey-3 guest for a
M ? 8 e j Of N?c O ho t Somersvllle ha, gone
to Bartlett Springs for a month.
Mr" Di A.S. Tuchler left here or the
Bth of August on a visit to her relatives
in Germany. The doctor will also visit
the principal hospitals in Switzerland,
Italy and Germany.
Dr. P. J. Conran ha? returned from a
month's vacation in Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Leon A. Lazarus (nee Frank) -will
be at home the second Monday at SOI
Scott street.
Miss Florence Lussey has returned from
a three months' stay at "Mira Monte,"
Ross Valley, and will be at home to her
friends at 1453 McAllister street.
Mis- Estelle Raphael is stopping at
Capitola. the guest of Mrs. A. Cornwall.
Lewis E. Valencia of San Jose is stop
ping at the Golden West Hotel.
Mrs. Elbert S. Lockwood of Los An
geles and her two sons are spending the
summer at Long Beach.
Mrs. Robert Wilson of San Francisco
is visiting her daughter, Mrs. E. S.
Lotkwood, at Long Beach.
James Yerlngton has returned to
Carson City from a visit to San Fran
cisco.
Miss Lou Tennett of Carson City is the
guest of Mrs. Will Davis of Stockton.
Mrs. Will I'avis of Stockton has re
turned from a trip to Carson City and
Lake Tahoe.
I»r. Lv Ella Cool will take th-^ Fish
cottage in Haywards for a few months.
Dr. Cool has been spending the summer
in Carson City.
Mrs. Louis Schwartz of Los Angeles is
visiting her sister, Mrs. E. Aliens. 1126
Buchanan street. At home second Mon-
day.
Mi sa Mary Roberts has returned to
Oakland from a visit to Carson City.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Rourke and son
have left on a two weeks' visit to Benlcla.
Mrs. Dr. H. N. Roche and Miss Char
lotte Roche are spending a month at
ADVERTISEMENTS. - ■ .. -
i-M-i' i : 1 1 1 1 1 1 ; : 1 1 m .i..i..i.. i .,i..;, i ii i .mmi..m..m-m..M"M"K i i -m-i-h-h
EXCELLENT VALUES !
A line of manufacturers* samples and odd lots of plain and hem-
stitched linens, including tablecloths, napkins, towels, doyliei. sideboard
scarfs, etc., will be placed on sale at less than cost of importation.
We offer the following special lines: '
SO Extra Size Linen Huck Towels,
Hemstitched, in all white and colored borders, size 23x45 inches, usually
Bold at $4, offered at 25c each.
1 case Heavy Crochet Spreads,
Full size, hemmed and ready for use, at $1 each.
350 pieces Fine Printed Madras,
31 inches wide, fast colors, in light and dark shades; the 15c quality at
ix^c yard. -
A Lot Of Remnants of Organdies,
Lawns, Percales, etc., in lengths of from three to ten yards,
half price. ,-..
Ladles' Taffeta U/alsts,
With fancy tucks and cording in colors and black, at $7 50 each. " \
Ladies' Black Taffeta Waists,
Handsomely corded front and back, sleeve finished with flare cuff, ex-
tra value for Jo 00.
Ladles' Jacket— Ladies' Fly-front Jackets
In Black and Navy Kersey Cloth, half-lined with silk serge, at $5 each.
Ladies' Fly-front and Double-breasted
• Jackets,
Half-lined with silk, in Black, Tan and Navy Kersey Cloth, at $7 50
each.
Ladles' Fly-front Suits,
in Black, Navy and Brown Ladles' Cloth, skirts lined with percaline.
,-rjilcti uned with silk serge, at $7 50 each.
Black and Colored Dress Goods.
We would specially invite the attention of our patrons to the under-
mentioned lines, representing the latest and most desirable styles, and
which we can fully recommend as extra good value at the prices quoted.
All-wool Shaded Venetians,
45 inches wide, at 50 cents a yard.
Cheviot Suiting,
50 inches wide, all wool, at $1 a yard.
Storm Serge,
Warranted pure worsted, 46 Inches wide, at 60 cents a yard. ■
25 pieces 47-Inch All Pure Wool English
Storm Serge,
Extra heavy, in two different Wales, at 60 cents a yard.
2O pieces Mohair Cr&^pons,
in a variety of designs, at 75 cents a yard.
2O pieces 46-inch Pierola Cloths,,
In new designs, at $1 a yard.
Club Bags.
A very useful article for school children, made of Pressed Leather
and closely resembling alligator, with nickel hasps and double locks.
Price from 75c to $1 35 each.
Ostrich Feather Boas.
Ladies' real Ostrich Feather Boas, of the finest quality, having th©
' richest luster, in 3«, 45 and 54 inches, black, white and French gray and
natural. Price, 75c to $25 each.
Ladies* Belts.
Ladies* Belts of all kinds, black seal, real Morocco, white kid and
Mexican hand carved; also the latest designs of Beaded Elastic Belts.
Prices from. 2sc to $3 each.
[/if Murphy BuHdlnr. m
Market and Jones Streets.
Buck Mountain, Mendoclno County, with
»^..ir mint Mrs A. Dennis. have
Mi Md'fe Chris JorgeMOT have
with him some tine canvases and water
C °Sr P t h r n^^Uc V h er> of b fh t e Tsjciated
Pre«s nnd Loon Cook, both of this city,
l^ft Saturday afternoon for a 'ortnight «
sojourn awheel through I^ake Countj
after which they will go to Camp Ta>
-1O^ Or and Si ar M Pe p° Kohlberg and their
d-iUßht"r Edith will be pleased to see
their friends Wednesday and Sunday at
th |erlean r t°M: J. Conboy. wir| and daueh-
Sri VhS Srsda^s a^H
Hayes street. ________
At the Resorts
HOTEL BELVEDERE- Among the late ar
rivals here are: Mme. Billianl Zlffrey Mrs. E.
P. Farnsworth. Miss Laura Farnsworth Mrs.
L F. Boar., Mis, _. W. Boar*. B. Walker
Bours Miss Clara Morris. Miss Marian Traci..
„ C. Ward and wife. Mrs. F. W. Dohrmann.
Mrs B W. Paulsen. Mrs. Robert H. Blossom.
Mi, Elizabeth Blossom, H. Wlerner and wife.
San Francisco: Miss R. Wlerner. New lork;
John H. Kerr. San Rafael. - The foUowing
OILROT HOT BPRINOS — The folloumg
guests have registered here during the past
week: Mrs. 8. P. Fine. Canada; Mr. and Mrs.
B F Navlor and children. James E. Kannely.
cilroy: Joseph Walsh. B. Rich. San Franco:
iT^Bro^rrr^E^e. o^^
cYscoYc T Paulsen. wife and children. New
man: J. VV. McCarthy. New York:«MS^Ja^
■g «' !r H J ° Se ßu T rUe L Ch!S: a5 t 'H.
We»"S Galos-'M S. fridge Visalia: John
Johnson. Sa n , Kr.no -co: J
sonville: A. W . gco m, •«. \twood Mer-
G«Soy! A,™ei^ ; ll Al
bma Blazin. San Kran^U.-,: 1- ••. n IgW. Jt£
R&cSriE^ ?s£'<£*&. SanFraa
.\uk^.i^> ■' ( . roHowlna have registered
\ 'v n s"a McKlnley. Mat Storn.
'", M U>\>,;" Mrs. Kat, Hosier Mrs John
e".o- Howard' Stone. Miss •>■ — Stone, Miss j
K SL MMKR St FARM-The following j
bursts registered at Summer Home Farm dur
fn« the week: Mrs. K. Hart. C E. Naylor,
Mrs C E Naylor. I.M. Israel. Sam Frank
lin Mrs M. Erlenbecn, Mrs. Ernestine Adler.
Mrs ' J Nordman, Miss Blanche Nordman, San
Francisco; C. Koenig. Oakland.
Xl A MATH MOT SPRINGS-Late arrivals at
Khuna'tr, Hot "l.rin.s Include: J. W. Rooch
3 M Dlbbiuw C. A. Root and wife, Mrs. C. D.
Gace and .Yaughter, E. Krpyman. Oliver Orr.
Mr and Mrs. John Herd and family. Miss
Meyer, John Caffrey. B. J. Cain. Miss K. May
Loy Mrs. .T. .1. Morehead. Major R. H. Pratt.
US. A.. Miss Pratt. Merrill E. Gates. U. S. ;
A Charles Kappler Jr.. Joseph Kappler. J. T.
Seeuelra. 8 .1 Silver. A. P. Oliver. Dr. Me- ,
N'ulty, Miss Mary McNulty. Miss Mary Gren
nan ' E. H. DonohtM, Fred Gardenhlre. Fred
Cox and family. F. W. Jennings and wife, K.
X Reames. MM, .1. T. White and daughter.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The arrivals for
the past week at Byron Hot Springs include: !
Samuel M. Shortrldse. Mrs. Samuel M. Short
ridge Mrs. M. F. Bagley. S. Kaliski. Mrs. S. |
Kaliskl, C. W. Doe. David Bachman. J. H.
Helms, J. Hodgdon, S. Caro, Claus F. Kroger,
' F. R. Brown. W. J. Gorham, Mrs. F. Leu
' kowltz. S. Black. Henry Wise, Olaf J. Olsen,
IH. Rivers, .Toe Romalne. George T. Shreve.
S. Clayburgh. M. Knitoviteh, Landry C, Babln.
I Mrs. Landry C. Babln, M. Vlelra, P. Noble.
Joe Comerford. S. S. Smith, Mrs. A. K. Hel
ler, J. H. Wallace, Mrs. J. H. Wallace, Mrs.
H. Toner, Chauncey M. St. John. J. Aber
nathy. John T. McQueeney, Mrs. E. C. Allison,
MIM Mary Allison, Mrs. Nlel Cook, L. Bren
ner, W. J. Brady. Howard H. H .gan, F. W.
Webber, G. Nathan. Mrs. G. Nathan. W. A.
Dolan. Mrs. W. A. Dolan. F. E. Seldel. San
Francisco; J. Pantoskey. J. B. Dyer, Mrs. J.
B. Dyer. E. L. L. Johnson. Oakland: T. L.
Kelly. J. W. Kastus, C. Piezzl. Santa Rosa;
W. R. Ormsby, J. W. Marsh, Sacramento; W.
Barron and wife. Sausallto: A. H. Shroeder,
Grovelaml: J. S. Herramn. Fresno; Mrs. A. C.
Bernard and son, Tuscon. A. T. : A. T. Tinker,
Los Angeles: John Frasler, J. G. Bogert. Cap
tain K. Morton. Benlcia: George James and
Wife, Grass Valley. Mrs. Thomas MeGee, Oro
ville; V. Nunes, Mrs. Cook. Rio Vista; F. S.
Beamis. Martin Joaquln, Centervllle; W. ST.
McGrath and wife, Lordaburg. N. M.
Approval of Bonds by Supervisors.
City Attorney Lane yesterday filed an
opinion with the Board of Supervisors; re
ferring to its rights and duties in approv
ing bonds, and also the powers of the
Mayor in the premises. The particular 1
case on which the information 'was ask'-'l
was that of a bond furnished by the Peo
ple's Mutual Telephone Company after
the same had been approved by the
Mayor. The attorney holds that where\ < r
a bond has become insufficient, on the re
porr of the expert it is the duty of the*
board to require a new one.
MARRIED TEACHERS.
Under the Rules Mrs. Beanston Will.
Lose Her Place.
Mrs. A. L. Mann, principal of the Haw*
thorne Primary School, yesterday in
formed Superintendent Webster that Mi.=s
C. Hesselmeyer. who. it was alleged, had
been sent to take Mrs. George Beanston's
place, who was recently married, had not
yet put in an appearance and furthermora
that Mrs. Beanston had received no notifi
cation to vacate her position. It is prob-.
able that Mrs. Beanston will receive the
notice to-morrow morning, and it is un
derstood that she will contest the righfr
of the board to remove her.
The rule relating to marriages was pro
mulg ited some years ago and was sus
pended by the last board. The rule does
not affect marriages which took place
during the suspension of the rule, but
only these after its re-enactment by the
present board.
The rule, which is very brief and plain,
is as follows:
"Whenever a female teacher marries
her position in the department becomea
vacant."
Some doubt exists as to whether any;
notification is necessary.
To show the effectiveness of the teach
fng in the local public schools a test was
made of the standard in San Francisco
compared with one of the schools in an
interior county and this city came out
far ahead. Two pupils from this county
with high percentages and diplomas and
letters from the Superintendent presented
themselves for admission to the High
School and In the examinations received
4S and 52 per cent, while many of our lo
cal pupils received 90 to 94 per cent. Su
perintendent Webster points to this as
indicating a splendid body of teachers.
Registrar Completes Canvass.
Registrar Steppacher completed tha
canvass of the primary election returns
yesterday. Monday the official results will
be announced and the delegates elected
will receive their credentials In the after
noon. The only change is in the Thirty
eishth District, where the canvass dis
closes the election of Daniel C. Deas/
over John A. Donnelly by four votes.
Divorce Sutis Filed.
Gertrude L. Gear has sued George E>.
Gear for a divorce, alleging desertion as
a cause of action. Etta Bell Boone asks
for a divorce from S. Ik Boone on Ui«
ground of infidelity. *
Advances made on furniture and pianos, w^|
or without removal. J.Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
There is no hair dye made that does not
3how— it never elves a natural color to the
hair, but in- _ _ stead, that
dead, )u*l--r- '^| AIIAH less effect
that Is worse lU Hlf D | than the
cause. Mrs. § Olf 0 S Nettie Har-
rison's 4-day ■ » W ■ W ■ Hair Re-
storer Is not g~ a dye; it Is
a harmless RlJbiiA preparation
that srives 'IM LJ to ,-ray or
faded hair bJh 6MI the nourlsh-
me n t it $ nee da to
bring back ■ ■ ■ the natural
color. No Jftl i* disagreeable
aftereffects, Pfl Jk I nc stlckl "
ness, cleanly IrUII to use. It re-
stores quick- ly and per-
manently. 91.00. All Druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
HAIR
Removed Permanently by the Electric
Needle as Used by Me.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
4-O-4-2 Geary St., San Francisco."SPEAK UNTO
THE CHILDREN
OF ISRAEL"
Eloquent Anniversary
Sermon.
PREACHED BYDR.VOORSANGER
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT IN
THE HOLLOW SQUAJIE.
A Picture Showing That tha Jewish
Army Is Capable cf Match
less Deeds of
Glory.
The Temple Kmanu-K! on Sutter street
was crowd«Mi yesterday by the congrega
tion and others anxious to listen to the
anniversary sermon of the pastor. Rev.
Jacob Voorsan>;er.
His text wan from Exodus xiv:l6:
"Speak unto the children of Israel that
they go forward." In the course of
the eloquent mormon, delivered with a
pood deal of feeling, the reverend gentle
man said:
Israel is the liord's army — so we are
toid and so we often preach — practice,
of course, being a different proposi
tion. The army of God answers to the
suggestions here introduced. The sa
cred tradition hath a fine account of
the organization of the army of occu
pation. Six hundred thousand armed
men inarched into the wilderness of
Sin to be marshaled for the conquest
of Palestine and the great moral re
sponsibilities that opened upto the
descendants of the patriarchs from the
midnight hour of thoir liberation.
Imagination and poetic fervor have
often drawn a fine picture of the
march of the Grand Army— a picture
to gloat over, a picture to boast of, a
picture to exhibit to sturdy youth and
teach the men of to-morrow that a
Jewish army is capable of matchless
deeds of .glory. How even the hearts
of us modern text-critics will warm
toward the glowing picture! Six hun
dred thousand strong— twelve tribal
armies, officered by their own generals
and princes and the liberator over
them all. Twelve armies organized
Into four great corps, forming in
progress a hollow square, in the heart
of which was th? Ark of the Covenant
and its consecrated ministers. Dash
ing cavalry to the north, clearing the
way: videttes far outstretched to dis
cover the enemy In ambush; pioneers,
sappers, engineers, removing imped
ing difflculties. ing then the glorious
vanguard, banners unfurled, sword
and spe-ar and armored plate glisten
ing in the desert sun. After the van
guard the Ark and its sacerdotal
hosts, the sacred paraphernalia of wor
ship and divine ministration. itself a
mighty array of glory. flanked east
and west by the Intrepid regiments of
two corps. Then the rearguard, an
army of three tribes, protecting the
women and the children, for Amalek
is a coward nomad, the scum of the
de«ert. who will attack the sick and
the helpless if they be improperly de
fended. The organization is complete.
It is a glorious picture of old-time
fighting strength. I beg you to cease
vi.ur text criticism and your search
after historical evidence for a moment
or two Look at the traditional pic
turf and call it beautiful. Let it be
Traditional, but it is beautiful, inspir
ing its progress means the overturn
ing of the old, primitive world Its
motive the power that created It, is
in the heart of the army. "Within the
hollow square is the Ark of the Cov
enant, visible symbol of the invisible
vet ever orient motive— God. It is
the ensign lifted up by the priests
when the marching hour begins Look
ing backward nd forward both the
van and the rear can see the sa
cred ensign. When it starts the army
proceeds on its march; when it rests
{• 1P army encamps. From the hollow
smiaro proceeds the order. Speak
unto the children of Israel that they
go forward."
SERMON BY DR. WISE.
Lnrge Congregation Listens to
the Distinguished Rabbiatthe
Taylor-Street Synagogue.
Rabbi Stephen S. Wise of New York
preached to the congregation of the iay
lor"-=treet Synagogue yesterday morning.
Following? is an extract from the able
cr Ts < aTah it was -who cave free and
fearless expression to the nameless
yearning of the Psalmist when he
mophe*ied »For my house shall be
called a house of prayer unto all na
tions Thus early in the history of
Israel was the highest altitude of Ales
■ the prophet; thus
■
- religious separation Core
n by a Jewish seer. Not that
Isaiah looked for a monotonous uni
formity in the worship of God in the
Place of the multiplicity of forms ard
manners under which men seek the di
vine presence. "For my house sha
be called a house of prayer unto all
nations." The time would come, be
thought Isaiah, when the worship of
God would be broad and comprehen
sive enough to embrace men of every
creed in the bonds of peace and unity
of spirit; when the love of God would
<=o fill the earth that warring and en
rnitv between man and man would
cease to be, strife and passion be :io
rrore the world become God's univer
sal temple. To hasten the coming of
this time Israel hath been intrusted
from on high, hath lived nobly and
fought well— even died heroically
whenever men of unfaith or of sister
creed arose to retard the coming of
the day of the Lord.
In noetic form hath this hop* been
woven by the rabbis. They tell us
th't on the chief religious festivals
of W the year, when the worshipers
flocked unto Jerusalem from every
hamlet and field of Palestine men
vrere ofttimes crushed to death by the
insufferable throng. But when men
recited the prayer, "We bow our
heads and bend our knees before
thee" and. suiting the action to the
word, fell upon their faces the tem
ple site seemed to expand,, the walls
lo recede; there was abundant room
for all without jostling ana crowding.
A glorious truth is contained in this
rabbinic fantasy. When men bow be
fore God and fall prostrate before him
in recognition of of his divine majes
ty pnd suoerrml glory, they will nn<l
" room and/ if needs be. make a place
for ore another in their hearts; no
crowding out cf one another, no crush
ing to the wall of one's neighbors, put
a dwelling together amid that high
and holy calm which makes earth a
forecourt of heaven. This is the real
izable dream of Isaiah, tho half-^x
pressed wish of th« Psalmist, that
region cease to divide men; that faith
bring: them nearer to one another; that
the walls of God's house exclude none.
. but rather include all. The dream shall
om" true; the Psalmist hath sung It
'.-i entreaty; Isaiah hath Been it as a
\is!on; we are bringing It to pass from
day to da i:
THREE MGRE SHIPS
TO CARRY STOCK
HOUSES AND MULES FOR THE
PHILIPPINES.
Two Pick Trains and a Wagon Train,
Including Over Three Hundred
Mules, Shipped on
Siam.
Preparaiions for a hard and aggressive
campaign n the Philippines are becoming
more and more apparent In the char
acter of tie transport business between
here and Manila. The troop ships are
all carryinr men to their full capacity,
and now the Government is negotiating
for three more stock ships to transport
mules for pick and wagon trains, and
horses for tie cavalry service. Those at
present in tho transport service as stock
■kips are tUi £jiy-*H and tU» i/eel&naw,
• — nW' *».**• •**»•■ — *-- ■ — -» •»- i «- ■ -t -
and the Government is negotiating for j
the Aztec, Centennial and Adams. These j
five steamers have a carrying capacity of
j nearly 2000 animals, and before the end
1 of September they will all be westward
bound with full loads. The Tacoma, the
i smiling vessel used as a stock ship, will
be put in service as a feed ship.
Two pack trains left the Presidio yea
■ terday. They were put aboard the Slam.
! These comprised 12S mules, all fully
; equipped, and with each train there went
j a chief packer, a "cargodore," a farrier
I and ten packers. There were also 200
I mules for a wagon train and fifty escort !
' wagons, with harness and equipage and :
nineteen teamsters. The other teamsters j
for the train will be secured in the isl
ands. The wagons were all taken apart,
but beyond that everything was in readi
ness for the field. The wagon train was
also put aboard the Slam. In addition
there were eleven carloads of quarter- j
master's supplies sent out from the East :
or shipment. It looks like preparations !
for a campaign that will sweep the Island
of Luzon.
Private Charles H. Kain, Company B, j
! Nineteenth Infantry, died at the general j
hospital at the Presidio yesterday. He
entered the hospital July 23, after arriv
j ing from Manila on the sick list.
Acting Assistant Surgeons James
Mitchell and J. G. Marron have been as
signed to duty on tho City of Sydney, to
sail on the 18th inst.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Frank L. R.
Tetamore has been assigned to the trans-
I port Leelanaw for duty during her voy
age to Manila.
A detachment to consist of Second
Lieutenant Charles M. Duffy, United
States Volunteers Signal Corps, and First
Class Privates William G. Casey Lemuel
C. Cook. Murphy Eady, William G.
Griffin, George W. Grimmer, Edward H. ;
! KaufTman. James G. Smith and Henry
11. Chillberg, Signal Corps United States j
! army, now at Angel Island, will sail on ]
the transport Senator.
IN MEMORY OF THE
LATE CAPTAIN GOODALL
Special Services to Be Held at Simp
son Memorial Church and at
the Y. M. C. A.
This morning at 11 o'clock a memorial j
.service In honor of the late Captain Good- j
all*will be held at the Simpson Memorial |
1 church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
; streets. Several gentlemen who have been
i intimately associated wfth this lamented
' ■ itiaen in business and benevolent affairs ;
! for many ><-ars will pay their tributes to
: his life and character. The following are
! among those who will take part In the
service: Captain A. Nelson. R. McElroy, |
1. J. Truman, J. W. Whiting, H. J. Mc-
Coy, William Abbott and C. B. Perkins. ,
Appropriate music will be rendered. A
cordial invitation is given to all friends |
to attend. '
Next Tuesday evening, August la, at a
o'clock a memorial service will be held in
the hail of the Young Men's Christian
Association, Mason and Ellis streets, un
the auspices of the association, In
i memory of the late Captain Charles Good- |
' all, who was a life-long friend and con
tributor to the work in this city. He was i
: also a member of the building committee j
: in the erection of the new building which
the association now occupies at the north- |
east corner of Mason and Ellis streets. |
Addresses will be delivered by Rev. E. R ■,
Dille J> 1).. pastor of the First Methodist j
Episcopal Church. Oakland; Senator Per- I
kins and Rev. John Stephens. Special !
music will be furnished. Dr. R. V Watt, j
vice president of the association. Will pre- j
side In the absence from the city of Presi- j
dent Valentine.
JIM GEOW'S LUCK.
Taken Back to China Notwithstand
ing a Writ of Habeas Corpus.
In spite of a writ of habeas corpus is
sued by United States District Judge do
Haven for the production in court of the
body of Jim Fung Geow, a Chinese who
claimed that he was a native-born citizen
of the United States, the Gaelic Balled
away for China the other day with Jim
on board protesting profanely against his
involuntary exile.
The Collector had denied a landing to
Jim. and S. V. Costello got out a writ of
hahe-as corpus from Jud^e de Haven, lhe j
Deputy United States Marshal served it
on the purser of the Gaelic: the purser
i it over to Manager Silverstone of I
company, and the manager forgot
1 about it until after The Gaelic with Jim
on board was far out at sea.
Jim's friends threaten a suit for inm
aw, against the company for taking an
American citizen with a pigtail to China
against his will.
Saved the Child.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children has taken an interest in
the case of a little 13-year-old girl named
Islon -who Is coming from the Cherokee
mining camp, near Sonora, to be placed
in a private homo. From all accounts a
Mrs Islon was living with an ex-convict
named Roach, who attempted to violate
the child The worst part, according to
the Btory that comes from Tuolumne
• is that the mother made no ob
n 'to the fellow's actions toward the
girl. Roach whs arrested and is now
In jail in Sonora and the child has been
went here by the county ofticfals in order
»o get her away from her dangers.
Held for Murder.
The preliminary exnmination of Edward
Muscat, the sailor, on the charge of mur
dering Mrs. Sophia Sebastianla San
chez on July 2 in a grocery on
.way and Kearny street, was
ided before Judge Mogan yes-
Dr. Zabala, the autopsy physi-
WOB the last witness examined, and
he described the nature of the woman s
wounds and produced a bullet which he
had extracted from her body. The Judge
held the defendant without bail to answer
the Superior Court on the charge
of murder.
-RATT.R GROUND TO DUST.
Effects of the Constant Wear and
Tear on a Railroad.
As consumers of steel the railroads In
the vicinity of Pittsburg lead the world
During the past three months l.n miles ol
new sfeel rills, averaging ninety pounds
to the yard, have been put down or dis
tributed within thirty miles of the center
°ThCTe Ci a?e 1760 yards in a mile, which
would mean 299.200 yards for one line of
rl Is in" 70 miles, or 26.928 000 pounds cr
lav 53 836,000 pounds for both Lines of rails,
or 269 283 tona of steel rails needed in one
year for Pittsbuxs roads. 90 per cent of
which was for renewals on old lines.
There is somewhat of a mystery regard
ing where the steel worn out on a big
road goes to. It is ground down almost
to imperceptible dust by the constant
friction of the grinding wheels, and this
friction is 45 per cent greater on curves
than on straight stretches of track. Ihe
wear is also much greater nn ascending
grades on a straight track than on a de
scending grade. On curves the wear is
mostly lateral or horizontal, whl'" on
straight tracks It is perpendicular, with a
slight inclination toward the inside of the
rail next to the flanges of the wheels.
The millions of tons of steel ground
down to dust by the wheels of trains in
this country are lost. It cannot be re
gained for scrap, because it settles down
into the ballast, is brushed away by the
rush of air caused by the swiftly moving
train, and. like the star dust which rails
upon the ocean, Is lost forever.
In time, as civilization and the whet's
of civilization move on. the railroads of
the chief Pt^am railways, as well as part
of the adjoining ground, will become
thoroughly impregnated with steel and
iron du«t from th* grinding up of rails
and wheels, because it must be renum
bered thnt the wheels grind the rails and
the rails grind the wheels, and this con
stant shower of iron and steel dust Is ac
cumulating along our railroads at a rapid
rate.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
Amusements on Sunday.
In discussing the question, "Is it wicked
to nlav golf on Sunday?" a clergyman
slid- 'For those who are obliged to work
lix days in the week I approve of amuse
ments on the Sabbath," and that "tha
fourth commandment has nothing to do
with forbidding play on Sunday. It" only
forbids work." Here's a state of things!
Tf m 'exnounder of the gospel finds in it
nothing to prevent playing on Sunday, no
wonder the lav thousands pet what pleas
ure they can out of the first day of the
week.— Transcript.
A Black Cloud.
•Treat Scott, man!" exclaimed the East
ern cattle buyer, as he pointed to th* fnn
-7,.1-ali.Tper l( cloud in the distance, "there's
a "CaVm^ yourself, stranger," responded
Amber Pete; "that thar ain't no cyclone; |
it's lust thar cloud that hangs over the;
bank cashier over at Eagle Eye."
"But It's moving at the rate of a mile a
m "Tou'd be moving, too, stranger, if a
whole town was arter you."— Chicago
New* • ■ .-'';••.•---.— --— *--•--■*
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CAI/L, SU^BAX, AUGUST 13, 1899;
"BLOOD MONEY"
KEEPS SAILORS
FROM SHIPPING
Jack Wants It Added
to His Wages.
WOULD THEN BE MORE MEN
UNION-STREET WHARF ALMOST
DESTROYED BY FIRE.
Police Officers Lake and Mullander
Have a Narrow Escape — Cypro
mene and John G. North
Nearly Collide.
There are seven grain-laden vessels In
the stream awaiting crews. They are the
British sips Belfast, Cypromene, Hydera
bad and Louden Hill, American ship Ken
ilworth, Italian bark Mario and British
bark Wynford. Some of these vessels
have been over a week waiting for men
while others have been only a few days
in the stream. The captains of all of them
are willing to pay "blood money," but
the boarding masters say the men are not
to be had. Several ships that have got
away this month had crews aboard every
sailor ox which cost the captain $20. As j
high as $40 "blood money" and $20 ad
vance has been offered by the ships in the
stream, but the boarding masters say the
men are not to be had for love or money.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ors' Union of the Pacific, takes issue with
the boarding masters and says there are
plenty of men "on the beach" to man all
the ships ready for sea. "All the captains
have to do." said he yesterday, "is to do
away witn the 'blood money' that goes
into the pockets of the 'crimps' and add
the amount saved to the sailors' wages
and the seven ships tied up In the stream
will get away inside of a week. Wages
are now $20 a month. Let the captains
make it $25 a month and no 'blood money
and there will be no need to hunt for
men. Make the wages $30 a month and
I'll guarantee to man every one of the
seven ships inside of forty-eight hours,
It's all 'crimp' talk to say there are no
men. To be sure, sailors are not as Plen
tiful as before the cannery season opened,
but there are sailors enough lor all ordi
nary demands if the wages will be paid
to the sailor and not in > the shape ol
•blood money' to a 'crimp.'
"The boarding masters are under con
tract with the British ship Owners to sup
ply men at $20 a month. That was all
right until the law making it illegal to
pay a sailor more than one month a ad
vance went into effect.
"Then the boarding master was on the
horns o:' a dilemma. His contract kept
him from raising wages and a p advance
would not pay expenses. So 'blood money
came Into force again and poor Jack is
once more bought and sold like a sheep
in the shambles.
"I repeat what I said before. There are
plenty or men if the captains will add
the "blood money' to the wages. For $2o
a month and one month's advance the
Wynlord Louden Hill, Mario. Kenilworth.
Hyderabad, Belfast and Cypromene can
get crews inside of a weeK and for $30
2 month they can get them inside of for
ty-eight hours."
A lire on Union-street wharf broke up
a conference in the rooms of the Harbor
Commissioners in a hurry yesterday.
There were present Commissioners .blar
ney and Herold, .Charles Hirsch, chair
man of the committee on decorations: A.
E Pryor »f the Piper. Aden, Goodall
Company; Chief Wharfinger Percy Hen
derson and Secretary of the Board W.
D English. They were all discussing the
reception of the California boys when the
news that the wharf was on fire came
over the telephone wire. Messrs. Harney,
Herold and Henderson hurried to the
scene to look after the State properly.
Mr Pryor remembered that he had a
thousand sacks on the wharf and he made
haste to see how they were faring.
Messrs Hirach and English adjourned
the meeting, and the reception of the
California boys will be discussed again
The niter cargo of the British ship Aris
tomene, now lying at Union street, was
sent to the powder works in bags. These
bags when empty were sent back on the
Piper Aden, Goodall Company s steamer
Sunol and a thousand of them were
dumped on the wharf yesterday. Some
body dropped a lighted cigarette into the
heap and in a few moments the niter
bags were blazing furiously. For a time
it looked as though the wharf would go
and preparations were made to warp the
ships Aristomene and Queen Margaret In
to the stream. Luckily all the bags were
shoveled into the bay before the wharf
caught and the structure was saved.
Officers Lake and Mullander got a duck
ing on the water front last Friday night.
They were patrolling East street and met
at the corner of Folsom. They chatted
for a few minutes and both were stamp
ing to keep the blond in circulation. "This
is mighty thin plinking," said Lake. "It
is." answered Mullander. "There will bo
an accident here if the Harbor Commis
i sioners don't do pome repairing soon."
With that both policemen were moved to
tost the stability of the planking and both
jumped on the weak spot at once. Re
sult—the planking gave away and Mul
lander and Lake dropped through into
the bay. After hanging to a pile for
about five minutes and discussing a means
of escape the two policemen had to shed
their coats and belts and swim to the
Folsom street float, about twenty yards
away. Lake and Mullander will not test
planking oh the front again in a hurry;
at least, not in company.
The schooner John G. North and the
1 British ship Cypromene had a narrow es
i cape from being in collision yesterday
afternoon. The ship was at anchor and
the schooner was coming in from Hono
ipu with a cargo of sug.-y- Off Meiers
! wharf an attempt was made to heave the
I North to, but the wind and tide took hold
j of her and carried her down toward tho
i Cypromene. By very skillful handling the
schooner just cleared' the ship, but it was
a very close shave.
Daniel Murphy, a stevedore, fell down
a chute Into the coal bunkers of the trans
j port City of Sydney yesterday ■ and re-
I mained "there while a load of coal was
j dumped upon him. "When his plight was
1 discovered he was almost dead. He was
removed to the Receiving- Hospital, where
it was found that he had been badly cut
! and bruised and had suffered internal in
| Juries. ;
A FORTUNE AFLOAT
FOUND BY A WHALER
TWENTY-ONE THOUSAND DOL
LARS' WORTH OF AMBERGRIS.
Sixty-Five Pounds of the Valuable
Substance Captured in the Japan
Sea by an American
Whaler.
A small lump of dirty gray, greasy stuff
was picked up in the Pacific Ocean near
the Japan coast about six weeks ago by
the crew of the American whaling bark
Morgan. The lump weighed sixty-five
pounds, and when taken on board and ex
amined was found to be pure ambergris,
more valuable than gold, ajid worth $21,
--250 which is its value at the market
price in San Francisco, $XSO per pound.
Ambergris is supposed to be a subslance
formed by disease in the stomach or the
gall ducts of the sperm whale. It is
ejected by the animai and floats upon the
water or is cast upon the shore avid buried
in the sand.
It is used to fix valuable perfumes,
or to make them la.st. and for that reason,
as well as for its rarity and the difficulty
of encountering it, its price ordinarily
ranges from $300 to $350 per pound. Gold
at $16 per ounce i 3 worth only $256 per
pound avoirdupois.
The Morgan cleared from this city No
vember 26. 1898. and will return in the lnt
ter part of next October. At the 'irne
the ambergris was picked up she had on
board 1227 barrels of whale oil. She I? on
her way to the Okhotsk Sea for whale
bone and more oil. The officers and crew
will have a snug sum coming to them for
their lay of the rnrpn.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J, Noojian, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERT SEMETTTS.
CLEANING UP!
LAST WEEK OF OUR
Remnant Sale.
LAST CHANCE FOR BARGAINS IN
REMNANTS!!
REMNANTS of English Homespun DRESS
GOODS tan, • gray and brown mixtures, 33 j
inches wide, were 35c yard, ONLY
I2rc yard for the remnants.
REMN-ANTS of Fancy Brocatelle SUITINGS
wool and mohair, two-colored effects, 43
inches wide, were 40c per yard, ONLY
Isc per yard for the remnants,
REMNANTS. Camels' Hair Plaid DRESS j
GOODS good variety of colorings, red, new
blue,- green and purple, combined with black,
rough effects, double fold, ON LV
35c yard for the remnants,
Some nice remnants In SILK STRIPE Effects, !
25c per yard.
REMNANTS of Fine Black Crepons. PREPS i
GOODS in 3Vi to 5 yard lenpthg, very choice
silky patterns, were $1 50 and 12 00 yard, at
the very low price of.
75c per yard.
Ladies Colored Percale SHIRT WAISTS, for-
merly $1 00 and $1 2£, REDUCED TO
50c each.
Ladies' Colored WAISTS that were $1 50, RE- j
DUCED TO
75 Cents,
Ladles' White Lawn and Pique WAISTS, with
two bias rows of insertion, that were Jl 15,
NOW -?r n
75 Gents.
Ladles' Lawn and Pique Waists, extra fine
quality, formerly $1 50, NOW
$1,00 each.
Ladles' Percale WRAPPERS, well made and
perfect fitting, formerly $1 00 and $1 25, NOW
65c each,
On sale at Market-street store only.
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
GREAT AUCTION SALE OF SEATS
...FOR THE...
NEW YORK
ARION
SOCIETY'S
CONCERT
...0N...
Monday, 12 O'Clock Noon,
AT THE
..ALHAMBRA THEATER..
JONES AND EDDY STREETS,
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE FUND TO
KSk "SSI on Tuesday Evening, August 15th.
The San Francisco Arion, the Teutonia Society, the great lady soprano
who accompanies the Arions, and the Mandolin Club of thirty instruments will
participate.
The following well-known citizens will act as the committee in charge of
the auction sale:
Claus Spreekels, H. Plagemann, R. Capelle, Vice Consul O. S. W. Lohan,
M. Greenblatt, F. Hess, German Consul A. Rosenthal, R. Herold, E. L. Hueter,
E. Rohle, A. Hochstern, Aug. Schilling, John D. Siebe. Herman Schussler, F.
W. Dohrmann, Mr. Hansen, Louis Lisser, Joseph Brandenstein, Dr. R. Baum,
O. Muserf Dr. Rosenstirn, Walter Speyer, C. Bertheau, Henry Gundlach, Isidor
Gutte, J. G. B. Broemmel, B. A. Becker, G. Tourny, Claus Schilling, O. Schoe-
mann, B. C. Priber, L. Westerfeldt, A. H. R. Schmidt, George T. Vollemann,
F. Tlllmann Jr., Colonel E. A. Denicke, H. Mangels, Joseph Fredericks, G. Mar-
cus, Colonel Hecht, Charles Bundschu and William Wolff.
UNION COURSING PARK.
THIS DAVTSUNDAY,
AUGUST 13th.
CLASSICAL
OPEN
STAKE !
Seventy-two Greyhounds !
$647.59-PR!ZEMONEY»»S647.SO
TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, Satur-
day 12:55 p. m.: Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1
p. m.; Twenty-firth and Valencia streets, five
minutes later Returning from Park imme-
diately after last course. Extra train from
Park on Sunday, 4:45 p. m. San Mateo Elec-
tric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, se.
Bathing, Including admission, 2Sc; children, 20c.
, OPEN NIGHTS
AMUSEMENTS. '
-—gj —^
COLUMBSAfe
Beg. MONDAY,
FAREWELL WEEK!
LAST 8 NIGHT— 2 MATINEES.
HENRY
_____ SEASON.
K,E3FEJK,TOIK.HS :
Monday and Tuesday, !' ' 3
"THE ADVENTURES OF
THE LADY URSULA."
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY.
Beginning *t 1:45 P. M. positively, DOUBLE BILL,
"HEASTSEASE" entire
And the one-act play,
"FREDERIC LEMAITRE."
Wednesday and Thursday,
"HEARTSEASE."
FRIDAY »nd SATURDAY EVENINGS »ad
SATURDAY MATINEE,
"THE LIARS."
Aug. 21— CLAY CLEMENT
In "A SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN"
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
THIS EVENING— Performance of
"FALKA."
Commencing TO-MORROW NlGHT— Magnifi-
cent Presentation of Alfred Center's
Pretty Comic Opera,
DOROTHY
Picturesque Scenery; Unexcelled Chorui.
PRICES:
Orchestra ..85c and 50c! Family Circle 15c
Dress Circle Gallery 10c
At Saturday Matin** Best Reserved Seat, 25c.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Main Entrance Em-
porium.
ALCAZAR 5™
TO-NIGHT— THE LADY OF LYONS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
The Young American Actress,
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by "WHITE WHITTLESEY.
First Time Here of the Reautlful Drama,
UNDER TWO FLAGS
Dramatized from tlie Novel by EM ward Klaner.
ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFRCTS.
15c, 25c, RE S ! L A V S ED 35c, 50c.
OLYMPIA.
Ediiy Street, Corner iMason.
VAUDEVILLE OF THE BEST AND ALL
FREE.
First Appearance en the Coaat,
REINA VINTON,
In Her Latest New York Successes.
Continued Success of
BLANCHE SLOAN LE CLAI/t,
DarinK Flying Itins Artist and Sifter of the
Famous Jockey. Tod Sloan, the Friend
of the Prince of Wales.
Bag I'um-hini; Kxtrnordinary.
ARMSTRONG AND O'NEILL.
In a BaK-tappinK RaR-ttme Comedy.
THE KEESINGS. CORNALLA and LE CLAIR
and Numerous Others.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. ADMISSION
FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT-EVERY FRIDAY.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
AMUSEMENTS.
fCALIFORNIA. [
* TOmNiaH l7^r^XL^l "The Fairy Godmother" {M J|| J
I FAREWELL WEEK \M $$&& I
I Miss Blanche Bates =cilt X
i »«ss Blanche Bates =?^f). |
* Presented toy T. DANIEL FRftU/LEY. W J
* MONDAY, TUESDAY A Most Perfect Production of 4-
jL E u D R N BD AVSiSH T8 "LONDON ASSURANCE" 4-
J THURSDAY NIGHTS LONDON ASSURANCE! +
* FRIDAY NIGHT, SATUR. Complete Production of 4-
*■ DAY MAT INE . SATURDAY **m GS vr\Bl t 5 t< '•¥?■ IT" +
* NIGHT and SUNDAY NIGHT AS I \J U L.lr\C. Mi 3.
jl Miss Blanche Bates' First Appearance as Rosalind. Beautiful Souvenir Photo- ,4.
lT graphs, to Be Given to Our Patrons on Thursday Night, August 17. j
* CDCriAI Farewell Testimonial to BLANCHE BATES *"
* OrtLIAL 1 WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. August 18th, *•
* First Production on the "HFDDA. fl \RI F;R " ♦"
)f Pacific Coast of IBSEN'S HLUUrt IJ^I>L»UIV« 4.
» +
I EXTRA! Monday, August 21st, EXTRA! J
Ik- Another Important Engagement— The Laughing Fad— From Hoyt's Theater 4"
5 "A BACHELOR'S f
» HONEYMOON" :
5 . WARDE & SACKETT'S COMEDIANS. X
* HILARIOUSLY ENTERTAINING. EXTRAVAGANTLY FUNNY. J
* Seats on Sale Thursday, Augrust 17. POPULAR PRICES. J
w ■ 1^
iR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT!
WELCOME TO OUR
....Returning Volunteers....
TO-DAY YOU MAY HAVE THE LAST CHANCE TO
SECURE SOME SEATS.
There Are Still a Few Good Ones Left!
REMEMBER ' But Three More Days Before the Benefit
AT THE ORTHEUM
THURSDAY AFTERNOON - - - AUGUST 17th.
The First Continuous Performance on the Pacific Coast, Commencing
at 12:30- o'clock P. M. and Ending with 6 o'clock P.M.
GLANCE AT THIS AGGREGATION OF TALENT.
Such a combination has never been offered in San Francisco.
Attractions from all the theaters.
HENRT BLANCHF R N Tk E FRAWLEY COMPANY.
BL>A THE TIVOLI GRAND OPERA COMPANY.
THE ALCAZJAR STOCK COMPANY.
THE MOROSCO GRAND OPERA COMPANY.
CLAY CLEMENT AND COMPANY.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE CHUTES.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE ORPHEUM.
■ J ( /* REAL- CIRCUS.
Ann GREAT ORIGINAL CAKEWALK.
nllll '"A. HUNDRED SURPRISES.
NOTICE !
PRICES FOR RESERVED SEATS, $1 and $2.
Applications for seats can be made either by mail or telephone to MR. L. A. MORGEN-
STERN, care of the Orpheum Box Office.
"Benefit Week" Programme.
BRIGHTEST AND BEST IN MANY DATS.
From Europe Direct.
CARDOWNIE TROUPE,
International Dancers and Singers.
They make laughing easy.
CARON and HERBERT,
The -v orld's greatest comedy acrobats.
Favorites of New York Society.
GERTRUDE MANSFIELD
. . AND . .
WILBUR CARYL,
Presenting a refined sketch. "COLOR BLIND."
The Berlin Sensation.
ESMERALDA,
The Musical Wire Walker. -
ALEXANDRA DAGMAR
In a ' new and sensational March Song and
Dance.
DEONZOS,
Barrel Jumpers Extraordinary.
The rag-time team.
Bob— ALDEN AND HILL — Strap ;;
Last week of
LYNTON and MdNTYRE,
■ The Kid Comedians.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
With • entirely new views.
- MATINEE TO-DAY,TUNDAY, August 13.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c. - . \<: . I
CHUTES AND ZOO!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The MARVELOUS SEYMOURS. Acrobats
Supreme; THE GIRDELLERS, Grotesques;
THE WILLARDS, America's Foremost Musi-
cal Artists; FRANK and CELIA MORRIS.
Strongest Man and Woman on Earth; PAT
KELLY. Kin* of Irish Comedians; ZOE MAT-
THEWS, Queen of Coon Song Singers, and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Reserve Scats by Phone, Stelner ISSI.
Souvenirs for the Children To-Day !
THE SAME GREAT, BIG, BEAUTIFUL, BE-
WILDERING INTERNATIONAL CAKE-
WALK CARNIVAL that was the great
success of the year at Me:hanios' Pavilion.
Will be Repeated at the EXPOSITION BUILDING
in Oakland. Wednesday, Aug. 16, to Eat., An?. 19.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
BiK orchestra and stage 35x60; building beau-
tifully trimmed and decorated; special reserved
chairs. _ ...
3000 free seats. Comfort for every one.
See tne great grand entry and pageant led
by Miss Pearl Hickman. The electric cake
walk. The colored championship cake walk.
The little tots in their beautiful cake walks.
All the champions of the last carnival in great
competition. Society cake walkers of Oakland
and a show that is unapproachable.
ADMISSION. 25c.
One dollar coupon tickets, transferable, on sale
at all stores in Oakland.
P. S. — Pull dress rehearsal Monday and Tues-
day night. Everybody report.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
LAST TIME OF "FAUST" TONIGHT!
FOR NEXT WEEK!
AN OPERATIC NOVELTY !
FIRST TIME IN TWENTY YEARS OF BEE-
THOVEN'S ONLY OPERA,
"Tiniri so "
H Imw s* 33 **»» 1%& B
I MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY
EVSNIN36.
PRODUCED WITH A GRSAT CAST OF BINGERS.
Owing to the Enormous Demand for
It Will Be Repeated on Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday
Evenings and Saturday Matinee.
OUR BUSINESS. IS A RECORD-BREAKER!
Hundreds turned Away Nightly !
Every One Talking of Our Opera Singers !
DON'T BE DISAPPOINTED !
SECURE SEATS EARLY !
TICKETS ONLY COST 25 and 50 Cents.
• • ORDER THEM BY TELEPHONE. BUSH 9.
GLEN PARK.
.. ,V SAN MATEO CARS DIRECT.
THIS SUNDAY— IN FREE THEATRE
SPIRITUALISM EXPOSED
- By PROFESSOR HENRY, the Weil-Known
■ .' ., . Magician.
FLEffIEN WARD,
In -a Laughable Sketch.
ST. CLAIR,
The Celebrated Aerialist.
ARTHUR COUUTON,
In Monologue Specialties.
DE. JALMA,
The Clown Acrobat.
HUGH ROMAINE,
The Tenor Soloist.
ATHLETIC COMPETITIONS FOR CASH PRIZES.
Prize Pigeon Race.
ADMISSION 10c.
E P T. Tq 16 TH " 9
Choicest fRUiTS.ViNEs.VEGE-
-TABLES. Grains & Grasses
! A G«Kt -StOC& .SWCW.
JHscjfs Entertainment.
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fftEE
Excursion Kates To Visitors.
White For Particulars
>ETBU. SHIELDS SP Kg£u&
T
1314
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
The visit of the grand matron to Carlta
Charter last Wednesday night was a very
pleasant affair. For the chapter there
was nothing but praise from the visiting
official and congratulations from . the |
many visitors who filled the chapter j
room. A banquet followed the visit.
There has seldom been a more agree
able evening spent in this city in any
chanter hall than the one on the occasion
hegrand matron's visit to Century
Chapter." In appreciation of the grand j
matron the membership presented her
aVbunch of the most beautiful pinks ob
tainable. Among the visitors were Asso
ciate Grand Patron Darling: Ella T. Hall,
p G M.: Mrs. Mary E. Partridge. P. W.
G M • Mrs. C. L. R Maraia of Olive .
Branch chapter; Mrs. Lydla A. Steele, ,
matron, and Dr. Gassaway, patron, or
Ivy Chapter; Mrs. Annie Johnson, matron j
of Harmony Chapter; Mrs. B. B. Duncan
matron, and E. K. Head, patron, of j
Golden Gate Chapter, and many others.
A very pleasant hour was spent after tne
™Oak n Leaf Chapter of Oakland, of which
\ir'< \da R. Daltnn is the matron, at one j
of its recent meetings initiated twelve j
candidates. It is now the banner chapter ,
of this jurisdiction, having more than 400
m Mr£ e Kate S. Craig, grand treasurer, a \
resident of Highland Springs Lake
County, and Past rand Matron Ella T.
Hall of Visalia were in this clt> last
week and visited several of the local
° h Go!de r n' Gate Chapter, of which Mrs. B.
B. Duncan is the worthy matron at Its
]a«=t held meeting initiated five candidates
and received six applications, bince Mrs.
Duncan ha? been in the chair this chapter j
has increased Its membership by about
forty.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
One of the most energetic workers for
the order of I. O. O. F. in San Francisco
i* F L Turpin, noble grand of Pacific I
Lodge who last Sunday was elected vice i
president of the Relief Board. He is con- .
necf-d with the Columbian Bank and has j
a large circle of acquaintances. He has
succeeded in getting more members into,
the order than any other one man in the
past term. His record for that term was j
twenty-two, and thus far this term he j
has secured four.
La=t Tuesday night ■ ere was an at- ,
tendance in the hall of Bay City Lodge
of more than 100 to witness an event that
do.;? not often occur in the lodgeroom.
and amons the visitors were a number of
the hoys In blue from the Pennsylvania
ard Utah troops. The event was the lnl
ratkTi of Edward Reg^nsburger by his
father and his elder brother into the
lodge. Th*-father.>Sigmund Regensl
who is past grand of the lodger acted, that
night as noble grand, while Joseph *-• !
Regensburger, the brother, who is the ju- ;
nior past grand, filled the chair of the |
vie* grand. The ceremony was conducted j
with all the impresslveness of the degree,
and it became doubly impressive when as j
the work was progressing it was realized ;
that a fatht- r was making his son a fra
ternal brother in one of the grandest or- ,
ders of the. universe. The scene that fol
lowed the ceremony was one that will j
never be forgotten by those who were
present. At the close of the meeting there i
was a banquet in an adjoining cafe, where i
there was an hour of good cheer and a j
most eloquent address by Wallace Wise, ;
brother of Rev. Stephen S. Wise, now
visiting this city, and by Robert Burns j
and many prominent lights of the order, j
Abou Ben Ad hem Lodge had a double j
initiation last Thursday night in the pres- j
ence of a large number of members of the |
order. " !
Grand Patriarch Harris and Grand i
Scribe Barnes have arranged visits to ,
encampments as follows: August 17. Santa !
Barbara: 18. Orange Encampment. Los
Angeles; 19, Santa Ana; 21. Ban Diego; '
22 Pasadena; 23, Riverside; 24, Bakers- ;
field.
Oriental Rebekah Tyxlge initiated seven
candidates last Wednesday night and fol- ;
lowed the event by a social hour.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will have in;
tiation on the l&th in?t.. and on the 26th \
will give a party to its friends under the ]
direction of Mrs. Dale Warford, chairman
of the committee on entertainment, one ;
of the most active members of the lodge. !
Oak Leaf Rfbekah Lodge has written
to Mrs. Mary E. Donoho. secretary of the
California Assembly; through Its record
ing secretary, Fannie L. Gamble, that
it will during the time that Wlllo New- j
port, an 11-year-old girl, one of a family
of eight orphans now in the Orphans'
Home furnish • II necessary clothing for j
the little one. The lodge may be obliged j
to do this for seven years.
GOLDEN WEST LODGE.
Golden West- Lodge of the I. O. O. F. I
had another of its pleasant social even
ings last week.' when there was presented
a pleasing programme of music, songs
and recitations: also short but instruct
ive addresses by Robert Miller, D. E.
Hanlon. G. W. Tantau. Professor Yanke, j
Louis Kragen. Robert Burns. G. H. Mor- j
rison ami others. During the evening ci- j
gars were passed around and light re- j
fr^shments were served to members and |
visitors.
REBEKAH DRILL CORPS.
The ladies of the Rebekah Drill Corps, j
T. O. O. F., have had their beautiful uni- !
forms finished and swords and caps have '
been ordered. Drills are being had twice
a week and the ladies are becoming very
proficient in the evolutions. They have j
taken to instructions with swords, but
they are somewhat deficient in the
hand! of the weapons; "But." as one j
of the corps said, "we will soon overcome
that. The only thing in connection with
Them is That they tangle up when we are
marching, and it seems that at present |
we are exercising with swords, with hands j
and feet." The first public exhibition by i
the <"orps will be on the night of the Ist I
of September, when there will be a re- |
ception and entertainment, to be followed j
by a ball, in Odd lows' Hall. During '
the' evening the corps will give its first !
public drill. Canton San Francisco No. 5 j
fwil! be in attendance in full uniform. j
Jack Thompson has been chosen floor j
manager, with E. P. Parker as his as
sistant. he noble grand of each local
Rebekah lodge will constitute the recep- |
tion committee.
NATIVE SONS OF THE GOLDEN WEST j
A jiew parlor was instituted by Grand i
President Mattison. Grand Secretary I
Lunstedt, Grand Trustees Shay and Bar- j
nett ana Grand Organizer Steinbach at
Petaluma last night.
Grand Trustee Sabachi is organizing a
parlor at Pcmona and Grand Organizer j
Steinbach has laid the foundation for a I
parlor at Carters and one at Han ford,
The new parlor instituted at Pinole has j
been named Sunrise and is numbered 204. i
J. W. Wilson is the president and J. j
Wunderlich the recording secretary. The j
new parlor that was Instituted at Crock
ett has been named Caro,uinez and is '
numbered 205. W. H. McDonald is the j
president and H. T. Smith the recording j
secretary.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Sans Souci Parlor on the night .of the :
4th inst. balloted for and elected thirteen
candidates. After the business of the
evening • there was a social hour and I
coffee and cakes were served, to the mem
bers and a number of visitors who were
present.
San Lusita Parlor of San Luis Oblspo j
DECLARES HIS LOVE
IN THE POLICE COURT
ANDREW CHEREIGIONI OFFERS
TO MARRY HIS IDOL.
He Was Arrested for Beating His
Rival, John F. Flynn, WML?
Talking to Her.
Andrpw CherHgioni, a stevedore, living .
Stockton street. Is a jealous lover.
and when he saw the woman he railed
■wife talking with John P. Flynn, a steve
dore, living at 125 Green street, at Pacific ;
ami Saneome streets Thursday night he
waa furious, and knocked Flynn down
and battered him badly. He waa arrested
on a charge of battery on a complaint
■worn to by Flynn.
The case was called in Judge Graham's j
Latest Fraternal News.
! recently gave a bannuet in Odd Fellows'
! Hall, at which the members of Los Osos
i Parlor of the Native Sons were the. guests
nor. The affair, which was a very
| pleasant one. was under the direction of
Mrs. 11. K. Steinbeck, Mrs. Maggie Ander
son. Mrs. T. A. McCaffrey, Miss Frances
St< ihart and Miss Annie Kluver.
The officers of Amapola Parlor of Butter
! Creek were Installed for the current term
by Miss Emma Boarman of Jackson, I.
D. G. P. After the ceremonies Mrs. Vir
ginia Brown, on behalf of the parlor, pre
: to Miss Laure J. Frakes. th<> re
tiring president, who served two terms, a
i token of appreciation from the members
of the parlor in the sha] t a beautiful
: gold watch. The presentation speech was
m of fraternal .-. ■ : ing. full of
noble thoughts, and the response w
that truly expressed the feelings of the
: recipient. The new president is Mrs. Amy
Tibbits. Among the vis:- Miss
Gussie Menke of Buena Vista Par or, Mrs.
Norman, Mrs. Law ton, Mrs. Podesta and
Mrs. Kent of L'rsula Parlor, and Miss
<"lara Steiner oj I rrest Parlor. "■
stallation I
by an entertaining programme and a
first-class collation.
Mrs. Irene McLeod-Foster, past grand
■
1 fornian in San Jose shortly as a monthly
i publication to be devoted to 1 1
Native 1 - '
La ! ■ - I i>rlr
lor will take part in the welcome to the
soldiers.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Eden Lodge of San Lorenzo at Its last
' held me- -ling inltiati 5 of t
four candidates, the work c rm
i by the Pacific I -rill team
• of Grand Foreman C. S. Snook.
The members of the 1 -■ - are
making arrangements to give a nttm? re
n to members of the order who are
ning with the t 'alifornia •
- - ral of the lodges have i• -
app< ■ : ■ -• Grand J
for 1 I for t
•
-n of the volunti ers.
During r i.- past week Grar.d Rec
Mrs. K. : :
-
.■ ■
■
tion at Lake T i
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
O. J. Daj - - ring a nev
Ity of ju
. members of ad ill
ary meeting there was a
■ g ■ ■ -
ana.. " - : ■
will I ■ ited.
< :ourt Sutro Heights b entitled 1 the
- ■ ■ that
■
s
■
.'.ing in th
to receive the Calil
■
■ .-■■ ■• v. .-i at a recer I
• ■ le effect ;h
-hould be v.
from ■ ■ :
■
s now locat
warming \r. thi
•
was ar:
on the nig ht of th< j
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Last Tu' - - " the officers ol
■■. Mrs.
■. Mrs. Flora Jacobs.
i ; c. C, a ting as ma rshal.
Ned the position
Ircle, Mrs.
Driscoll of Diana Circle has been ten
dered the deputyship.
■ Noe Circle at its meeting
Wednesday night appointed a committee
g place, as the
ters now occupied are not deemed
ble.
The various circles of the order ar
sidering what they may do in conj :
with the Foresters to welcome the Cali
*urn.
en E ' two years' con-
I last week in
initiating as a companion a prominent
member of the Foresters who belongs to
Valley and who Is
:: as "Sam Rainey." This proves
what perseverance will do. The
was congratulated by Jake Label of the
Review. Grand Trustee Mrs.
.Mrs. Julia Wishman
•.nion of Excelsior Circle, and many
• • rs.
Live Oak CjrHe will have a social and
walk in the social hall of the AJ
on the night of the 19th inst.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
Redwood Circle No. 72 has been doing
Lrkably well of late, and it has now
■>n its roll of membership more than 100
• dal mcml ling to
its membership at every meeting. The.
Woodmen are helping materially by ln
;_r their wives and lady relatives to
the circle. Mrs. E. Kiangy. the
banker of the circle, returned recently,
pfter an absence of six weeks, and the
members, to show their appreciation of
her. at their last held meeting tendered
her a surprise banquet. A good menu was
discussed and there was a general good
time until after midnight.
FP. l E N DS < I F TH E F< I R EST.
Last week the members of Lincoln
Lodge had a meeting that was at
! by a large number of members,
and during the evening the lodge was vis
i ited by a delegation of fourte< ■
', Pioneer Council, who called to pay a fra
il visit. The visit was greatly a
cjated, and it is probable ;ha» Lincoln will
visit at no distant day.
Pioneer Lodge on last Tuesday had a
attendance to witness the Initiation
■•veral car The same night
four applications were present! '
31 Thursday night the meeting of
America Lodge was added to by the pres
of a number of the member-; of
■ er and of Lincoln lodge?, and a num
' er of addresses were made by th«» visitors
and the officers of th» sitting lodge.
The local lodges have derided to take
parr \r. the ] I in honor of the re
turning volunteers. Mrs. Raymond has
been appointed chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements, Mrs. Bacon Is the
•ary and Mrs. K. J. Jeffery treas
urer. Th" members of Lincoln and Miz
pah Lodges will turn out in appropriately
ited and illuminated carriages. Pio
neer and America Lodges have not yet
decided what feature they will have.
Pioneer !. . ts last held meeting
• d two strangers and initiated two.
This lodge will give a novelty party on
the 29th inst.
LADIES' AID, S. o. v.
Ladies' Aid No. 3. auxiliary to the Sons
of Veterans. U. S. A., recently organized,
gave its first social in the For*
building last Monday night, and it had
the satisfaction of seeing a very large
number of per.- mse to
'the invitations extended. This Initial so
,.as conduc-.-d by Miss Lillian Hem
brie, president: Mrs. Laura Handley, past
president; Mrs. Julia Duhem. vice |
dent, and Victor Duhem is di
rector of entertainment. During the even
> ing a committee of ladies served delicious
[ cane and aromat 0 ■ . and there was
j dancing until midnight. By way of di
court yesterday, Attorney J. N. E. Wilson
appearing as special prosecutor. Flynn
told his story of the assault, and he was
corroborated by the woman, who gave
her name as Mrs. Ohereigionl. Then
Chereigloni took the stand and testified
that Flynn had been paying attentions to
his wife and he "could not stand it." At
torney Wilson asked him if he was mar
ried to the woman, and he said, "No, but
I am willing' to marry her now." The
Judge called up the woman and asked her
which she preferred, Cheseigionl or Flynn,
and after some hesitation she replied,
"Chereigioni."
"Will you marry him now?" asked the
Judge, and she replied that she wanted a
little time to think it over. The Judge
thought that it would be punishment
enough for Chereigioni to marry the
woman, and after Interpreter Demartini
had talked with the woman and Cherei
gionl's mother he told the Judge that they
wanted till Tuesday to get suitable clothes
and the engagement ring, and the Judge
put the case over till then, on condition
that they would show him the marriage
certificate as evidence of th© fact that
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
' vertisement there was a piano recital by
I Miss Blanche and Bert Duhem and a
j cakewalk.
SONS OF EXEMPTS.
The Sons of Exempts at their meeting
I last Monday night completed their ar
i rangements to take part in the parade for
I the reception of the California Volun
i teers. A uniform consisting of black pan
taloons, red shirt, white belt, black tie
and fatigue cap was adopted. G. Hardte
, was chosen marshal of division. It is ex
-1 pected that there will be thirty-five of
the members in line, and they will ma;;
the rope of "Little 49." the pioneer en
i gine of the San Francisco Volunteer Fire
I Department. __
ORDER OF PENDO.
j Last Wednesday night Volunteer Coun
: cil of the Order of Pendo was instituted
' in this city by W. G. Cressy, supreme
, organizer, assisted by H. W. Matliews,
S. C; D. S. Stanley. S. T., and K. E.
Bunker. S. M. E. The new council starts
■ with fifty-one charter members and the
' following officers: R. E. Nash, P. C;
! O. L. Scott. C; J. J. Joell. V. C; Mrs. I.
■ Day ball, chaplain; H. L. Batcheldrr. &.;
! Miss Minna Gothe. G.: Miss Carrie Byrne,
i vv.. and 1. Anixter, sentinel. After the
j institution there was a musical and lit
■ < rary programme and a dance.
i Golden Gate Council had several initia
tions at its last held meeting. Oakland
I Council also had work In the Initiatory
The supreme officers paid a visit to the
i council in San Jose recently and found
lit in good condition. After the wor* ot
j the evening was over there was i pleas
; ing entertainment. .
Supreme Secretary Duden is visiting the
councils in the them part of the State.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
In the past ten days High Chief Ranger
! Boehm visited Court Sherwood, Court
■ Star of the Mission, Court German-Am
j erica. Court Bournemouth, Court Garrleld
: and Court Lincoln and. found all in good
j condition.
Court Justice on la<=t Tuesday evening
i gave an entertainment and dance in the
i Social Hall oi the Foresters' bunding.
' which was attended by the entire mem
- bership and a number of their frisnds,
' who were all delighted with the very en
i tertaining numbers offered by the com
'• mutt_-e on entertainment, and those who
j are fond of dancing found a good pro
> gramme of dances. The court has reason
! to feel proud of the success of its so
cial ( '
Agreeable to the call of High Chief
■ Ranger Boehm, there was a meeting in
i the Social -Hall of the Alcazar building
'' last Wednesday night of the represc-ntu
< lives of twenty-five of the local courts
and those of Alameda County to make ar
> rangements to parade in honor of tha re
; turning volunteers. The high chief ranger
delivered a patriotic address, Baying that
: the order had been accused of being
i English and it was his hope that the
membership, while it admitted that it had
: obtained its charter from the English high
| court is in this country loyal to the flag
i that floats over the land and is as Am
\ erican as any other order. Henry Beaver
iof Court Eureka was chairman of the
i meeting. W. Gurninna of Court Holland;
! vice-president; J. E. Johnson of Court
! Robin Hood, secretary, and John F.tl
j coner, permanent secretary, the treasurer,
■■ It was decided that there should be a pa
| rade of the order, and Dr. M. Merrigan
i of Court Apollo was chosen division mar
i shal.
KNIGHTS OF MACCABEES.
At the review of Golden West Tent last
| Tuesday night there were presented eight
i petitions for membership and four candi
• dates were admitted by initiation. The
! membership of this tent now exceeds 250,
j and it is still increasing.
State Commander Hall, who returned a
I few days since from the review of the
! supreme tent, mud-* a very concise and
! interesting report of the work done at
I the session. One error about Sir Knight
| Boynton, founder of the order, and for
j many years the supreme record-keeper,
i was corrected by the speaker. It was
I the opinion that the old-time rccord
i keeper had been turned down." Such;
i however, was not the case. He retired
i from the office of his own volition, ill
j ness not permitting him to devote iiis
whole time to the duties of the office,
' but he was created advisor to the order
i at the same salary he received as record-
I keeper in recognition of his services and
I knowledge which is considered indispen
i sable.
Last Tuesday night there was a meeting
j of representatives from all the tents in
this city and those in A lamed a County
i for the "purpose of making arrangements
! to take part in the reception to the Cali
i fornia volunteers. Sir Knight Newman
i presided and Sir Knight Unger acted as
secretary- It was decided to parade with
the other organizations, to have a »at
and that the members shall wear a dhs
i tinctive sash. Deputy Supreme Com
j mander S. W. Hall was chosen as mar
: thai of the division and he will select his
aids. Sir Knights Freeman and Arbogast
were appointed as aids to th" grand mar
shal, L. •'. Pistolesi.
San Francisco Tent held a very inter
esting and largely attended review last
Friday evening, on which occasion a num
ber of the returning volunteers from the
j States of Utah, Nebraska, Oregon and
| Pennsylvania, members of the 'order.
| were present. They were given a hearty
welcome and some interesting remarks
were made by these brave fellows who
have distinguished themselves on the
! battlefields of Manila. A class of four
-1 teen candidates were initiated into the
order by the degree team of the tent.
Fifteen applications were read by the
record-keeper. This is a starter of the
good work expected of, the deputy su
preme commander, .T. W. Arbogast, whose
| services this tent has secured to enlarge
the membership.
The tent members are working together
to have, if possible, a delegation turn out
to receive the California Volunteers.
San Francisco Division No. 3 of the
! Uniform Rank of the Knights of the Mac
cabees will be instituted this coming
week.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Hive of the Ladies of the
Maccabees has of late been very -active.
Scarcely a review passes but some candi
date Is initiated and some member pre
sents an application for membership.
California Hive has been asked to be
come the auxiliary of Pacific Tent, and it
is probable that the request will be
granted.
Phebe Hearst Hive of the Ladies of the
Maccabees has received a dispensation
to change its name to Golden West Hive,
; and having done this it will now be the
i auxiliary of Golden West Tent. The
: lady commander, Mrs. Eva Bates, by rea
son of being absent from the city for a
great deal of the time, is unable to at
u-iki to u.e duties oi the oince, ana ior
I that reason, much to the regret of the
: membership, has tendered her resigna
tion, which has been 'accepted. Mrs.
| Lillian Rinner has been chosen to fill the
I unexpired term.
. ♦ .
Pacific Council.
T^ast Thursday night Pacific Council
j of the National t'nion was visited by the
I members of the San Francisco Cabinet
: in Washington Hall of the Red Men's
Ing.
There were present In addition to the
membership and the visiting members of
i the Cabinet a large number of members
of other councils, who, after wltn
the Initiation of three candidates in the
they would carry out their Intention of
getting married.
SOLD OPIUM FOR GUM ARABIC.
F. E. Rockstroh Admits That He Is
Not a Pharmacist and Is Con
victed by Judge Tread
well.
F. E. Rockstroh, who has a drup?tor^
at Seventh and Howard streets, appeared
before Judge Treadwell yesterday on two
charges of selling opium to John Keenan
without a physician's prescription and for
not registering the fiale In his books. The
first charge was dismissed owing to an '
informality in the complaint, but the -sec
ond of not ieglstering the sale was pro- |
fled with. Rockstroh took the stand in
hi.- own behalf and explained that K»er.nn
came into his store and asked for 10 cents'
worth of gum arabic. He "mistook" a
jar of crude opium for the gum arabic
and gave it to Keenan. At. least he
thought he had.
"Are you a registered pharmacist?" [
1 three degrees in a manner that may have
been equaled but never excelled, were
treated to an excellent programme, one of i
the features of which was an address by :
! Fred H. Hastings, who a few days since
' returned from the session of the senate of
the order. During his visit East he was
I taken ill. but he pulled through and is j
. in good condition again. He gave a SUC
i cinct and interesting account of what was
' done at the session and was loudly ap-
p lauded.
There were presented several choice
j selections by the National Union quar
: tet. vocal solos by Mr, Purdy and Mr.
I Kerr of the quartet and short addresses
by President Arter of the Cabinet and
! President Gentry of Berkeley Council. j
The council voted $2". to the fund of the
' relatives for getting up a breakfast for
< the soldier boys and also appointed a ,
committee to confer with the Cabinet in ,
the matter of the order making a showing
in the parade.
, — . ♦ » ■ —
FIRST UNITARIAN SOCIETY.
! Distinguished Ministers to Occupy
Its Pulpit During the Next
Eight Sundays.
i The trustees of the First Unitarian So- j
! ciety announce that the supply for the
I pulpit during the coming weeks is expect- I
■ ed to be as follows; August 13 and 20, Rev. !
! Dr. Orello Cone; Lawrence, Kans.; August ;
! 27, Chaplain Frederic C. Brown. U. S. N.,
U. S. S. Iowa; September 3. Rev. J. T.
• Sunderland of Oakland; September 10,
j Rev. W. B. Geoghegan of Berkeley; Sep
: tember 17 and 24, Rev. E. Bradford Leavitt
lof Washington, I>. C.; October 1, Rev.
, George R. Dodson of Aiameda.
The Rev. Dr. Cone, who preaches this
; ; morning, is ex-president of Buchtel Col
j lege, Akron. Ohio. He is recognized as
i one of the most learned and profound of
! the biblical scholars of the present day,
i his books having received the highest
j praise both in this country and abroad.
Mr. Leavitt is well known as the minis
i ter of All Souls Church. Washington, D.
j C, where he presides over a large and
; very prosperous parish. He comes for the
1 last two weeks of his vacation, on return
> ing from a visit abroad.
■ ■ -0 m ■ — -
Harmony Chapter.
The members of Harmony Chapter, Or
der of the Eastern Star, held its meeting
last Thursday night in its new quarters
in Golden Gate Hall. The event was
marked by the official visit of the worthy
grand matron. Mrs. Maria L. Pierce, and
the attendance of more than 2w visitors
from other chapters, so that there were
nt 3"0 persons in the hail. For the
purpose of demonstrating to the visitii g
official that the officers of the chapter are
retaining the good reputation that they
have earned for the performance of the
work of the order, these officers con.: icted
through the mysteri< I order Clar
ence Wenzel, Charles McLane and Mrs.
N. Stromberg with that degree of per
fection that delighted the onlook< rs.
Among the many visit";- were past
Mosi • -rand Matron of the I
Chapter of the Unite< Bt tes Mrs. Mary
E. Partridge. Associate Grand Patron
Darling, Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats,
Mrs. B. K. Duncan, matron of G
Gate Chapter: E. K. Head, patron of the
same: Mrs. Lydla A. Steele, m
way. patron of Ivy <
Mrs. A. M md A. M.
: Blade patr<.; of Century Chapter, and I
Mrs. C. L. }'. Mantis, matron of Olive;
Branch Chapter; Past Patron A. C.
Greenfield of Beulah Chapter, Past Grand
Patrons Merritt and Rowe.
After the meeting had been declared i
closed the members and visitoi
journed to the banquet hall, wl i
fine supper was served or tal thai had
been decorated in m< si • x [Ulsiti d<
During the supper there were sh irt ad
dresses by a number of the most promi
j nent members of the order.
. ♦ . — .
Knights of Honor.
Terba Buena Lodge of the Knights of j
Honor is arranging for a smoker on aj
larger scale than any previously given,
and the lodge '' ' ' obtain beneficial!
results from the meeting.
The recent action of the Supreme Lodge I
at Its session in Detroit, Mich., in revising
! the assessment table came in the aatwe
of a surprise to many of the members, ;
but an explanation of the causes that lei
to the action has led to the approval of
the legislation.
The various lodges of this city and;
vicinity are working actively to make the j
excursion to Los GatQS on the 9th of & |
r a gr.:;t success. Verb Buena
will require three cars to carry its
tnei picnic grounds.
ph Schlute, founder of the C. H. M.
Curry Lod ' i terey. ha? organized
a new lodg< - - las. which will be in- |
stituted by Grand Dictator Archibald and i
' other grand officers.
The grand dictator has just returned
from a visit to the lodges in San .!
County and reports them all in good con
■ ii.
Rathbone Sisters.
Two temples of the Rathbonp Sisters. '
' auxiliary to the Knights of Pythias, were"
i recently instituted in this State, One has
been named Solano Temple No. 61, insti- ■
: tuted at Rio Vista by Grand Chief Mrs.
Ada E. Merguire, and the other Auburn
Temple No. 52, instituted at Auburn by
Past Grand Chief Mrs. Mary A. Fitzger
! ald. One is being organized at Ukiah.
Last week East Oakland Tempi. ■ No. V
gave a reception in its hall to the grand
officers. The hall, decorated with flowers !
and the special colors of the order, was i
crowded with members of the receiving j
temple and those of Calanthe, University,
San Francisco and Loyal temples. There
was a sumptuous banquet aivl a pleasant
time. '
San Francisco Temple has set aside the
last Thursday of every month as a social
night for the members, and on such
i nights there ;s to be a programme of en
tertainment. This temple has been In
creasing of late, and will at its next meet-
Ing have work In the initiatory degree.
-♦— —
Yerha Buena Lodge.
At the last held meeting of Court Terba
! Bu"na. Independent Order of Foresters,
; on motion of Recording Secretary Avery. j
I it was decided to arrange a reception and
banquet to two of its members who are
returning with the First California Volun
teers. The date fixed was the 29th inst.,
and a committee was appointed to ar
i range the details. There will be an ad
dress of welcome and congratulation on
the safe return of the soldiers, a pro
gramme of musical and literary entertain
ment, dancing and a supper.
~«~
An Interesting Event.
To-morrow night Betilah Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star, located In
San Francisco, will have an inter- :
c event, and it is expected that there
will be present a larcre number of mem
bers of this order. There will be the In- :
itiation of four candidates, one of them
g the secretary of one of the largest
i orders of gentleman and ladies in this j
, city.
Y. M. C. A. Mass-Meeting.
Tho union mass-meeting at the Young
Men's <"hripti;in Association auditorium.
; Mason an<! Ellis streets, this afternoon at
3 ■'>;  k. will be addressed by Rev. Bish
' op Gair.es of the African M. E. church.
Service- fr^e to the public, both men and
women, and all are invited.
asked the Judge. Rockstroh replied in
j the negative. "I think." continued the
I Judge, "you ought to be charged with a
| felony. The idea of a man selling drugs
In a crowded part of the city without
having a certificate as a pharmacist is
to be severely condemned. I hope the
Board of Health -Rill take steps to punish
you. According to your own admission
you might have killed that man. I wi'.l
convict you on the charge of not register
ing the "sale of the opium and order you
into custody to appear for sentence Mon
day morning, and I fix your bonds at
$1000, to be accepted by me only."
Mrs. Hearne's Jewels.
W. J. Hesthal of lfl% Sixth strept. who
has the jewels belonging to Mrs. Hearno
of the St. Nicholas Hotel, refuses to eivo
them up to the police until he is paid $700
loaned on them. He says that Mr«. Li -
lian M. Carter, daughter of Mrs. Hearne.
came with her husband when the jewels
were pawned, and often took her own
Jewels from her person to pet money for
her husband. The police can do nothing
in the matter.
COURT NOTES.
Mrs, Ray Mills, the "woman in black,"
appeared before Judge Graham yesterday
on the chargo of burglary for entering
the room of Mrs. Gorham, Hotel Stewart,
but. at the request of the prosecution the
case was continued until Wednesday. An
additional charge of burglary was booked
against her yesterday, the complaining
witness being Mrs A. M. Bulsley of the
Hotel Bertllng.
1.. Walker, a collector, was yesterday
fined 520, with the alternative of twenty
days in the County .'ail. by Judge Gra
ham on the charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement. He collected a bill for Wil
liam Ruyhill. liveryman. 627 Halght street,
and kept the proceeds.
The case of Paul Wichrowski. restau
rant keeper on Bush street, charged with
having venison out of season In his pos
session, was called in Judge Grahams
court yesterday and was continued until
to-morrow.
Jennie Howard, alias Purcell. the woman,
confidence operator, was in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday and her case was
continued until to-morrow. Two more of
her victims-Mrs. Matilda Morten. 1612
York street, and Mrs. John Mocker, ll«o
Church street— swore to complaints
against her yesterday charging her with
petty larceny by trick and device and she
was booked on the charges.
John Campbell, a soldier of the Tenth
Pennsylvania, who swam the river at
Caloocan, appeared before Judge Mogan
vetterday on charges of malicious mis
chief and disturbing the peace, He went
into the oyster house of Nick Constantino.
432 Dupont street, and after pouring the
contents of a large bowl filled with oys
ters over Nick he proceeded to wreck the
When requested, the Besorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rates, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The CalL
I/ETNA SPRINGS...
Pure mountain 4 air,
health -giving" waters
and a bountiful table
make life delightful.
Details and rate? cheerfully furnished by W.
L. Mitchell. Mgr.. Aetna Spring?. Napa.County.
or J. H. Simpson. Odd Fellows' Bide.. San
Francisco. Telephone Mint 1 6 35.
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and : assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now in Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery, St., S. F.
n ■ n b iA A HOT springs. — This \
UflUfl IV I I beautiful summer and
■ MIEMI 6¥ 3 3 winter report, now
I niiniVU cwned and managed by
DH. J PERRAULT, who as resident physi- |
clan, will devote hla entire time to the welfare ;
Of hip guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles south of Pan Francisco. In the Coast
Hanr Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and -free from ;
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds: j
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages: good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery, lovely
walks nnd drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids rr others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence Feven miles by
ftape to Paralso.) Round trip. IV For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St.. S. F. ,
Byron Hot Springs. .
These Wonderful Hot Mineral Baths
are curing hundreds of people of
RHEUMATISM.
Address A. BETTONB, st the spring*, or
rail on LOMBARD & CO., ascnts, room
30, 22' Geary st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
JUST OPENED: NEW BUILDING: HAND-
some furniture: 50 outside rooms; every
modem convenience; electric bells and lighting: :
perfect sanitary plumbing- Strictly first-class ■
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
tample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
is located in the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold |
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral (
•water fine stone dining room; telephone con- •
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation; I
good trnut fishing and hunting. Round trip 1
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
( JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
j LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma County.
or apply E. KRI'SE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for j
particulars. • ■ ■ .
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs; baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. 110 to $11 Buy !
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. C»l.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beewlck, Slsklyou County, Cat.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti- ',
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATO3, STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. /. ■ ,;- -: '
- .: . v ... ... :
place. He paid $17 to Nick as compensa- I
tion, but the Judge convicted bin .and
ordered him to appear for sentence to
morrow morning. , /,,„ * <
Michael Ford, a. vagrant known a* Reel
Mike." who baa been arrested more than .
twenty times, wan yesterday sent to the
County Jail for three months by Judge ;
\ M A S *ad case came to light In Ju<l«
Mogan's court yesterday. • M. J^MCHa.e
was charged by his wife Mary with beat
ing and choking her Friday night at M 0614
Stockton street because she r-r- l .- I«_.t1 «_.t to
give him money for drink The •>*£*£
convicted him on the charge ottimMU*.
and will give him six month^to-morTow.
Philippe Maysonauve 1314 ™'J rH ™
street/swore to a complaint In Judg M - ;
--| gan's court yesterday for tthe >■•**"} /''.
John Laplfiue on the charge of forgerj . JJ>?
accuses I Ju.io.ue of forging hlfl name to
fpromlMory note for WOO ■;'•'":
MS&B. payable to LOUIM Jvgard A H\H ■
suit resulted on the note and JtiOtp H<!>
bard decided it W«« VJtofJK^J^.«* ;
! had Maysonauve arrested for \ '^rjur> r.r
I swearing that he did not. sign the not".
Morlrnor Kelly, 139 Erie »tr-t. two"
to a complaint In Judge MOKan'i court
veHterday for the arrest of Mr». Kato
Murphy, the "terror" of the street, on a \
hare" of battery. Yesterday morning j
Mrs Murphy threw a block of wood
through Kelly's window a Mm. Kelly
I and It struck her on Of side, knocking
h Arguments were submitted tar Prosecut
ing Attorney Carpenter and Attorney
l"-mon before Judge Tread ! yesterday
for and against l! Bnck" McPberson an- j
swering questions in the case of Thomas i
; y rilsham. and the Judge reserved his \
decision ur^ll Tuesday.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday in
I Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
William Denning,- clerk In the Stewart
I House and John E. Bechter, on the
I charge of disturbing the peace. The com
I "Pass of the Oaks"— J; |
i twenty-five miles from \
J ocean — where the beau- \ ]
,; tiful Salinas Valley runs
; into the foothills. Moun-
/ tain ozone makes health-
-1 ful atmosphere for the
/ sick.
; Paso Robles
; for Health.
] Numerous cottages are
i dotted about grounds
! where invalids and con-
-1 valescents in calm re-
! po-e recover their wont-
\ ed health.
< OTTO E. NEVER. Prop., City Office,
: Paso Robles, Gal. 636 Market St.
W I V en dome. %
W lln San Jose is the start- |
L^jl ing point for visitors to c
E^ LICK OBSERVATORY. 3
F It is one. of the most celebrated -|
I fashionable resorts on the coast, g
I §end for little book that tells all |
about the great Observatory. ■
Ifi GEO P. SKELL, Mgr, V:
1 1 San Jose, Cal. g
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIMGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4* HOURS
from San Francisco and but ? miles' stat-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues: best
natural bath in State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
circo only t'- 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7: JO
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, 12 a day or $11 a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing — last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek, Cclusa County, Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury In the- system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs.
New 2-story hotel and fine new ~ bath-bouse.
Board and lodging. including baths. $1 and $10
per week. WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
6AMU C L SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. TROP.. NAPA COUNTY
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion',
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
In bottled at the springs and contains Us uwa
natural cas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
riDICRin Most beautiful spot in Lake
IAHIODAIf County. The mineral spring"
are famous for marvelous cures when all elite
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affection*. Superior accommodations.
lid per week. Fine reads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN,
Carlsbad, Lake County.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests: prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special rates for
tamilies. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT:
none better la Lake Co. gas indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $$ to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
BLUE LAKES MOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 £0. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha. Lake
County. CaL
plaining witness is Ida E. Mentj. 23?.
Powell street. Dinning and Bechter ire
the two men accused of cutting M. J.
Barry j*i/h knives, and Denning has ah i
a charg/of BatY<*r-5.-S;R;hlnst Mm for as
saulting Policeman McLane. Bechter is
keeping under cover.
CONVENTION CLOSED.
African Churchmen Elect Delegates
to General Conference.
The moat Important business of the
fourth day of the African Methodist
Episcopal Church convention yesterday
was the, election of the delegates to the
General 'Conference to be held in May
next In Columbus, Ohio. The Rev. E. T.
rrottman and Rev. J. E. Edwards were
fh'in<:Ti to represent the State and the
KfeV. D. R. Jones and Rev. W. B. And
don as alternates. B. H. Scott and J. U.
Hicks wftre elected lay delegates.
■■■ R H. Herring will preach to
<\:,-; in the Oakland church In the morn
Rev. K. N. H.ird-man in th
W. W. <;rimes wi
•;r>n at the 11 o'clock s><
be h»ld at the Third Bapt:>
,-i In tbia f-lty and in the evening th
Eiolford will perform that funr
At the Zion M. E. Church the R- ••
E H I-ee will preach at the morning ser.
vice 'and the Rev. K. H. Herring in thi
Special ser\-ices will be held in Beth^!
church in the morning, commenoirg at 1!
o'clock, when Bishop Games will ordain
three elders. The Rev. J. L,. Whitman
will conduct services in the afternoon and
in the evening the Rev. J. E. Edwards will
preside. In the afternoon, commencing at
3 o'clock. Bishop Qaines will address a
meeting of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation.
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
tH Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. C«L
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and rael angling. Fishing tournament May I
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropoie and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Link*.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Eprin* St..
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& EONS. Agents, (21 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco.
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMMING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTL3
CRAO.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
EISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
I/3W EXCURSION RATES.
For further information. Illustrated folders.
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 611 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON, FOR THE PAST FIVE
■ years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager.
Baths and water an ABSOLUTE CURE fop
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach,
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
dally 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit Thit Bummer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS, FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, in the heart of the-
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The idea! spot for families
because It is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
C\ PEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL, I AM-
" pie accommodations In Hotel; also in Dew
: cottages, Just completed.
JVIRS. f\. T. MOORE.
BELVEDERE.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUI,
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes froni
San Francisco. Table under personal car« of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
VO^FIMITF San Francisco to Chi-
■ VFOLiTII 1 L # nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile*
to Yosezntte Valley. Round trip $32. Single,
fare. m either direction. $15, J. M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 19 Montgomery st.San Francisco.
NAPA SODA SPBINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORTSTSSES
mar spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere: 'rain
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
: A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Callstoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade: home cooking:
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Callstoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MAN2ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board: good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The A Call" ilsfttn? th*
country, seaside or springs durlEj the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepay'ng; for samj
at the Business Office or by order throu'S
carrier.
__ • ...TERMS... .
15 Cents... /.pep Week
65 Cents i. pep Month
| postage rnerAto.\ \ DAT *-l I ILo/ J "' "'mmsf-'^-'cSs'' 0 **•
HEIRS LEARN OF
UNCLE MOORE'S
DEATH TOO LATE
The Estate They Say
Was Looted.
RELATIVES WERE NOT SOUGHT
FRANK SANDERSON MAKES
STARTLING DISCLOSURES.
Thousands on Deposit in Bank Van
ish and Escheat of Balance to
the State Will Be Bitterly
Contested.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Aug. 12.
Frar.k Sanderson has come all the way
from Clifton. 111., to discover that the
comfortable estate of his uncle, W. W.
. who died intestate at Emeryville
on February 11, ISM. has evaporated like
a Scottish mist before a July i >
sun.
The estate had been settled up
tically through ex-Public Adminisi
James Stanley, and of t •
(the value given the esi .
petition for let- and \\ hicl
sisted entirely of mi i -it in
a local bank, but a remnant — $690 — re
mains, and rs having been
L.p to the time oi the administrator's final
account this sui s to the :>•
t alifornia to the credit i f tne school fund.
And all this not wil
were at least six ling in
the E :.tly. through a
letter from An J. G. Alattos. itarntd
■
The mom 01 an heirless estate is un
der the law paid into tne county treasury,
iind the custodian of mis strougoox then
pays it o\tt to tiie Stuie Treasurer. Tnis
iiai airtauy been none in trie Moore es
tate, but a bitter contest was commenced
this afternoon in Judge Hall's department
of the Superior Couri for the recovery 01!
i*t least me $bi"J ciaimed by the heirs.
Frank Sanderson, tnrougn his attorney,
J. G. Mattos, had petitioned for the distri
bution of the remnant, but E. Myron
Wolf vigorously opposed the petition un
oer autnoiization 1 1 •■in the Attorney Gen
eral. He contended that the estate had
been fully closed up and that since no
heirs hacflaid siege to their claims within
the five years limited by the Civil Code
the money had already escheated to the
btate. He insisted that the money be
longs now to the State school fund and
that he, therefore, is moreover entitled
to his commission -for having so engi
neered the estate's remnant. Attorney
Wolf, however, stated that the Attorney
General courted an adverse ruling of the
Superior Court in order that it might
prove a test case. Wolf went to the
extent of declaring that a foreigner might
er.joy a longer term to appear as a claim
ant than heirs who silently abide in this
count
Attorney Mattos, for Sanderson, was
permitted" to submit a deposition of one
of the heirs. Sue Brigham. wherein de
ponent declared that she had only re
cently learned of Moore's death.
Judce Hall decided to continue the nat
ter for further hearing on briefs" to be
tiled within twenty days.
The most sensational feature of the case
is the story of a discovery made by San
derson, and one that will prove startling
under th*- circumstances.
"It has been claimed by the ex-Public
Administrator that no heirs could i"
found." said Frank Sanderson to a Call
reporter this evening, "yet when I rum
maged about my uncle's papers at the
Randett Hnu=e in Emeryville as soon as
i arrived I found a pile of letters Mr.
Moore had received from my mother anil
from many other relatives during th-? pnft
fifteen years. Now it Is strange that
through* these letters, most of which had
been opened, the Administrator was un
nWo to locate an heir.
'"It is strange, too. that all of th« $3."w0
on deposit has ■■.-•■ the
I ■'■" havp gnt none. It seems to m-*
> A
* Nothing nicer than a\
yresh, crisp cracker — fruit, \
nut or ginger — served with J
\every meal or kept* to aidi
'in setting a quick lunch, a
\The prices are so low they?
Jare not a luxury :-r- \
fcocoanut Taffy lb 14c^
lb lOci
iGinger Snaps lb K>cj>
iFigßars lb 12ci
f Fruit Biscuit lb 12ci
iFrisco Lunch lb Bcj>
a Fancy Assorted lb 10c^
lb 14c^
i Dainty Chips lb carton 15cJ
Bacon lb lljcl
\ Eastern sufrar cured. Streak A
V of lean, streak of fat— right for w
A breakfast. §
Sugar. 19 lb $i\
" Spreckels befit fine dry cane. i
{Ghirardelli\sChocolate..l9cJ
# Eagle brand— lb package. f
Rice lb 4c^
i Carolina Is the best rice. Good, i
V clean stock. »
Whole Wheat Flour 80cf
4 Nothing so wholesome. Best f
r quality— 50 lb sack. A
.Pio Moro Oil gal can
f Best Italian salad i. a 1 f O()f
\ oil. Full of Italian nail ""i
f sunshine an niiarter 50 a
\ sparkle. quaiLCi.. "v i
?Manzanilla Olives ...qt 15ci
" Full of flavor and richness. \
OcJ
$ Reg. iSC. " V
JUttleNeckClams.3cans2sc^
a Reg. afor2sC. Burnham & Morrill's. A
JSapolio 4 cakes 25c^
" Reg. 3 for 25c Best for brighten- \
i ing things. f
i Boneless Ta males 2 for loci
\ Kapp & Street's chicken 90c doz cans. \
\Mountain Java lb 20cJ
r A new coffee— we're always on the V
A lookout for the latest and best— i
v roasted; worth more after this week t
t EIGHT SAVING STORES: 7
i 735 Majket St. 8. F. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. i
" 1060 Wwhlnetoa. O»k Bhattucfc At, Berkeley "
A Mb* Washington, " Centra At. AjAiaeoiJ
9 E 12th i 1.-th At. •' 7th * Wood. Oak f
that the money has been used, and lust
at the moment that the balance should
escheat to the State this attorney, Mr.
Mattos, accidentally finds a letter among
the Administrator's papers giving a clow
whereby we are all suddenly located; but
alas! too late, according to the Attorney
General's representative. There can be
no question in my mind that some of
them well knew that heirs existed, and
we now propose to assert our rights."
Attorney Mattos claims that he recent
ly found the letter mentioned giving a
clew to heirs, and that he, of his own ac
cord, apprised Judge Hall of the discov
ery and had an order issued appointing
him attorney for the heirs.
According to the list of claims filed
against the Moore estate, under the ad
ministration of Stanley, are those of Dr.
E. H. Wooisey for $105 "for medical attend
ance, a lot in the cemetery. $125; marble
monument for grave. J250: attorneys' fe^s.
$200. and a number of claims from nurses
who attended deceased during his last
sickness.
Following are th^ newly discovered
heir?: Ru?an M. Brlprham. a sisUt. at
Wnrrt stf r Mass.: Amelia M. Howard, a
sister, at Huntingtrin. X. V. : Cora Wilson.
a niece, La Harpe. Kans.: Edna Wilson,
a r.iece. Kincald. Kan?.: Mary E. Sander
son, a sisT»r. and Frank Sanderson, a
nephew, of Clifton. Til.
SOME HOT SHOT FOR
OAKLAND'S OLD "ROOKERY"
Councilman Mott Is Anxious to Do
Something That Will Destroy
the Old Shack.
OAKLAND Aug. 12. — Councilman Frank
Mott has a good foundation on which to
build his plfa for a new City Hall. A. M.
Dewey, a Government expert, when ho
visited Oakland to prepare a report on
municipalities, wrote the following para
graph, which will app< ar in the official
• sunn to be Issued from Washing
ton:
The present City Hall is a rookery
and a firetrap in which it is positive
ly unsafe to store public records and
would not be considered a safe build
ing in the tenement house district of
an Eastern city.
With this as a text Mr. Moit has issued
the following:
The Government report will be pub
lished soon and will be scattered
broadcast throughout this country and
circulated abroad and it cannot help
giving -Oakland a black eye. Now it
seems to me that it is high time we
did something toward placing our city
in the front rank in regard to munici
pal improvements. It is high time
that We should house our library and
municipal departments in suitable and
safe structures— buildings that are in
keeping with the city's size, import
ance and the social standard of its
population.
The time to do it is now. We have
the opportunity. Why delay any
longer? We have put off from year to
year and year to year until most of
our townspeople are disgusted and
hold us up as a laughing stock. There
is absolutely no reason why the
scheme proposed should not be carried
out to success and at once.
Some one has said it is not the
"ideal" propos..ion. I do not say it
is. but are we to wail until we get the
Ideal? Shall we lie dead a few years
more and as a city keep on deteriorat
ing? Every ay that we maintain the
"ramshackle" we advertise ourselves
as rogressive and afflicted with a
bad case of "municipal decay," and
fo long - we permit things to go on
as at present we cannot expect people
of means, homese«kers and investors,
to come among us.
The proposition to obtain a new mu
nicipal building as submitted is a sim
ple one. Washington street should be
opened through to San Pablo avenue.
X.-i one can deny this. After opening
up Washington street the city has a
piece of land that she has no use for.
It is valuable for business property
and the proceeds from its sale will
erect and furnish a suitable, commodi
ous and handsome City Hall.
This piece of land as now maintained
is not ornamental. It is really an eye
sore and a lounging place for idlers
and maintained as a park it cannot be
anything else. In. its vicinity it act-! as
a bar to the extension of the business
area of the city. Its sale and improve
ment will add $500,000 to the assess
ment roll, the taxes upon which we are
losing by maintaining things as they
are. and its improvement, together
with a new City Hall building, will put
half a million dollars in circulation
and will start us on the upward grade
toward municipal prosperity and
greatness. FRANK K. MOTT.
CITIZENS TO PROTEST
THE LIGHT ORDINANCE
ALAMEDA. Aug. 12.— The next meeting
Of the Board of City Trustees promises to
he well attended. A petition has been
drawn up and will be circulated asking
the City Trustees to rescind the new
vehicle light ordinance, and from present
indications the lobby will be filled with
citizens at the next meeting of the board
who will offt-r indignant protests against
thi? unpopular Law. A p. trade that will
P frv(. to throw ridicule upon the ordinance
being spoken of. City Trust.-, mu
ler. chairman of the Police Committee,
and City Marshal Conrad after a confer
ence "have agreed that enforcement of tm- \
new ordinance shall begin next Tuesday i
night. Posters will be printed and put up I
Monday all over the city, and particularly
along 'he roads entering the city, to in
form people of the provisions of the new ;
municipal statute.
■ ts not best." Mr. Miller said to-day,
"to be arrogant in the enforcement of the
ordinance. p think that by Tuesday
night people should be fully informed and
prepared to obey the ordinance. It is one \
of those regulations that people think will
interfere with their liberties. They used j
to think so of the anti-expectoration or- I
dinance, and possibly they will g?t used :
1 to this one and come to approve ol it.
There ar<- a number of things to be taken j
into consideration, bui 1 believe the or-;
dinance is a safe one. There will probably
be a larg<- numbi-r of citizens present in i
! the lobby at the next meeting of the City j
Trustees, at.d we can get expressions of
1 opinion there and judge from them of the
m of the ordinance."
EXAMINATIONS SCHEDULED.
Formalities Attending the Reopening
of the State University.
BERKELEY, Aug. 12.— The Recorder of I
. innouncea the following
schedule or entrance examinations: On
;.-. August U, the examinations for
the Incoming freshman cla^.s begin, con
tinuing until Thursday. The admission
commi:?'-': in charge will consist of Pro
fessors Benger, Annea and Cary. Begin
ning with Wednesday the various in
structors will keep office hours for con
■ nts.
On Thursday. August 17, graduates and
upper- will register. The
following Monday la designated as th<
for freehmnn registration and on 'lues
dav they will be organized for Instruc
tion The welcoming address will be made
by Regent Hallidie, president pro tern., in
the absence of President Wheeler.
Small Scare at Niles.
OAKLAND, Aufr. 12.— Niles has just
passed through a period of intense ex
citement. A hunting party was missing,
and it was reported that one of them had
been shot dead accidentally. H. J. Craft
was supposed to be the victim, and Jack
Smith was said to have perished in the
mountains. This afternoon Mr. Smith
walked quietly into camp, surprised that
his absence had caused any alarm. Mr.
Craft accidentally shot himself in the
arm. He is in no danger.
Daily Californian Staff.
BERKELEY. Aug. 12.— H. S. Robinson,
editor-in-chief of the Daily Californian.
announced the appointment of his staff
i to-day as follows: Nathan M. Koran, '01,
managing editor; Duncan McDuffle, "00,
athletics; Frank W. Aitken. 'W, exchange;
isolates, J. W. S. Butler, E. A. Dick
son' Miss Agnes Frisius, D. A. Gordinker,
J M Henderson, R. Q. Hunt, J. F. Quihn,
, P. A Slnsheimer, all of 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1F99.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
BUNKO MAN
ARLINGTON IS
MORE HOPEFUL
Chance That He May
Now Escape.
HISTORY OF HIS VICTIM
NORMAN SMITH PREFERS HIS
ANSWER.
His Testimony Cannot Fail to Help
the Case of the Man Whom His
Wife Charg-ed With
Robbery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
. g Broadway. Aug. 12.
Arthur Arlington, who is now in the
f'our.ty Jail awaiting trial for stealing
J2'*> from Mrs. Smith, a young woman
who was supposed to be ;< widow, is in
high glee T'Whiy. }\f fully believes that
shou',." in* to trial he will be
acquitted, not by his own testimony, but
hy that of the woman's husband.
Norman H. Smith is on the seen*. He
Is a determined man and has no Intention
• ver to shield his wife His testimo
ny, which he is prepared to plvp In the
,!:-,•■ r< B suit brought by his Wife, will
largely help the case of the bunko man.
For several years Smith has nut approved
ehavior. On one occa
he br iught suit for divorce an>! dismissed
it at her request. He allowed her to live
CAKEWALKING TOT S
WHO ARE CHAMPIONS
MISS ETTA ARONSON AND MASTER HARRY MANGLES.
9 y-NAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Little Harry Mangles and petite Etta Aronson, the %
4. CJ champion juvenile cakewalkers of the Pacific Coast, will be among the 4.
J. attractions of the Cakewalk Carnival to be held at the Exposition <j
■f* building. August 16 to 19. The tots won the gold medal at the International J£
T Cakewalk Carnival in San Francisco. The picture shows them in one of their V
"X. most, catching poses. 4*
where she pleased and he agreed to sup
port her an.] the "ttle boy. provided that
1 she would behave herself He knew
; nothing more of her conduct until served
with a suit for divorce which she had
: brought Immediately afterward he
i heard of her trouble with Arlington and
hi concluded that he would fight the di
: vorce or obtain one himself. c^t*
Arlington contends that Mrs. Smith
loaned him the money which she says he
: stole He also declares that he under
stood she was a widow. Norman Smith
: «aw to-day for the first time a copy of the
photograph of his wife sitting on Arling
. ton's knee at Piedmont Springs and he at
once declared that under the circum
stances he would take steps to nave the
child taken away from his mother.
It Is regarded as unfortunate that Ar
: lington should have such a good witness
■ as Mr* Smith's husband. He has been in
i lail two or three times and is a profes
sional fraud. He laid his plans with great
I care in this case and although there
! seemed to be little doubt of his guilt at
' his preliminary examination the evidence
! that he has accumulated since may pro
i vide a loophole through which the smooth
ex-convict may escape.
Smith was preparing his answer to t. c
complaint to-day and ft will contain much
damaging evidence against his wife.
FRANCHISES FAVORED.
North Berkeley Club Will Not Op
pose the Southern Pacific.
BERKELEY. Aug. 12. -The North
Berk^l' y Improvement Club crowded the
-man engine house last night to hear
• 1,,, report Of Its committee on railroad
'captain W H. Marston, the chairman,
reported that the commitee had visited
the southern Pacific management and
had been met in a friendly spirit and
given assurances that the rights belong
ing to citizens of North Berkeley under
the present charter would be continued
under the new arrangement. The com
pany volunteered to put pledges to this
effect In writing to allay any fears to
the contrary entertained by the people of
■ North Berkeley.
The report vas accepted, and the en
suing discussion favored the granting of
the franchises, the prevailing opinion
seeming to be that the interests of the
company were identical with those of
property-holders in the matter.
Estate of Htnry Matthews.
OAKLAND, Aag. 12.— Mary Jane Eliza- ;
beth Cryan was to-d^y appointed execu- j
trlx of the t-state of Henry Matthews, de
ceased. Under the terms of the will all ,
real estate acquired by testator since his j
marriage, including valuable property in i
San Bernardino. Fresno, San Mateo, San
Francisco and Alameda counties. Is be- j
queathed to the widow, Mary Matthews^
this on the provision that she release the
balance of the estate from any claim she
might have for community property. To
her is also bequeathed a $10.0)0 policy in
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany: to a son. Henry L. M. Matthews.
(30,000; to William H. Jolliffe Matthews,
another son 115,800, and to a third son.
John Watson Matthew?. H5.600. The resi
due of the estate goes to Mrs. Cryan. the
daughter. The will also provides that the
bequest to any legatee who contests the
will shall be revoked.
AN EVANGELIST MAY
HAVE BEEN MURDERED
OAKLAND, Aur. 12.— Chief Ilodgkins
has received the following letter:
RATON. N. M.. Aug. 8, IS99.— Last
October a man supposed to be F. C.
Morris was murdered in this county.
As District Attorney I am anxious to
learn his real name and whatever else
I can about him. Papers he had on
him showed he was at your city in
January, 1597; that he was some kind
of a traveling missionary.
Will you be kind enough to make In
quiries and give me all the informa
tion you can; also the names <>f per
sons who knew him. etc. At the time
he was in your city he was certainly
attending s<>me kind of relifri"us meet
ings, etc. A sort of evangelist, as It
were. He was about 60 years eld.
Please givp me prompt reply.
J LEAHY. District Attorney.
No information of F. C. Morris has yet
been received. There are always so many
"evangelists" in Oakland that it Is not
easy to recall any particular one.
Printers' Convention Ends.
IVKL.AND, Auk. 12.— The State Typo
ihical convention concluded its labors
morning after the adoption of reso
>ns of thanks for the many kindnesses
•njed by the press of Oakland, the re
g officers, Oakland union and cithers.
. ntlon adjourned to meet at
sa next year. The delegates
royally entertained to-night at a
• at the Galindo Hotel.
Prohibitionists in Session.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— The general State
committee of the Prohibition party met
here 'his afternoon and elected H. Clay
Veedham to succeed Theodore D. Ka-
nouse as president and .1. H. Blanehard
to succeed Dr. Stephen Bowers as secre
tary. The new officers are both residents
of Los Angeles County, the president be
ing an oil prospector and the new secre
tary an attorney in the southern city.
Th« changes are made on account of ill
ness and pressure of business weighing
upon the old officers.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Edna P. McDon
ald, through her attorney. Frank B. Jo
sephs, commenced suit to-day for a di
! vorce from James D. McDonald. Deser
tion find willful neglect are the grounds
given for her cause of action.
The Uibernia Savings and Loan Society
filed suit , to-day against Edwin L. Ar
nest, Alexander Campbell and Arthur
Breed for the foreclosure of a mortgage
on property located on Eighth street.
near Castro, given to secure payment of
: a note foi $5000, with interest at 8 per cent
from August 14, 1897.
Josenh Witts, a hrnkeman. residing at
1815 Henry street", while switching near
' Niles yesterday attempted to jump on
i the pilot of a locomotive, but his foot
slipped and was caught in the double
rails. The force with which he was
thrown to the ground broke the bones of
'■ the foot, which may now have to be am-
I putated. He is at the Southern Pacific
! Company's hospital in San Francisco.
Mrs. M. Griffith of Centerville, who •'an
! been an inmate at the County Infirmary
the past two weeks, went insane to-day
i at that institution and is now detained at
the Receiving Hospital awaiting her ex
aminition. She became the mother of a
I babe only a few weeks ago and her case
is a pad one.
Rudolph E. Permien. a cigarmaker, was
arrested to-day on complaint of Hattie
Isaacs, who charges him with betrayal.
Permien stoutly denies that he ever prom
ised to marry his accuser. Ho has bean
released on bonds in the sum of $1000. W.
i J. Puetz and J. F. Sheehan being his
i bondsmen.
Last of Cigarette Ordinance.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— Tfce case of B.
Bereovich. convicted of selling cigarettes
in violation of a city ordinance prohibit
ing thfir sale and manufacture, was dis
missed on appeal, in the Superior Court
this afternoon on the ground that the
cigarette ordinance had been repealed
during the pendency of the case.
Tons of Onions for Manila.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— Joseph Herrscher
of San Leandro has secured a contract
to supply the Government with 80.000
pounds of onions. They are to bedelivered
aboard one of the transports and are for
use at Manila.
SQUIRREL TAILS
BROUGHT THEM A
SMALL FORTUNE
Are Now Wanted for
Felony.
FIVE HUNTERS IMPLICATED
THEY BUNKOED MERCED COUN
TY SUPERVISORS.
Slaughtered Thousands of Squirrels
in Berkeley Hills and Sold Their
Tails Where They Brought
Bounty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
908 Broadway, Aug. 12.
Through the cleverly directed curiosity
of Deputy Sheriff Peddler it has been dis
covered that the Board of Supervisors of
Merced County has purchased 75.000 tails
of squirrels slaughtered in the hills back,
of Berkeley and Contra Costa County,
paying therefor $1500, and for which the ,
board has no earthly use. But the au
thorities are now eagerly searching high
and low, far and wide, for the squirrel
tail vender* who thus mulcted the Merced
County treasury and for the arrest of
whom' warrants have been Issued on
charges of felony.
Merced County pays a bounty of 2 ceius
per tall and hide of the festive squirrel
that has in times past ravished and laid
waste the crops of farmers within its j
confines. Alameda and Contra costa :
counties pay no bounty, and here the
squirrel thrives unmolested so far as au
thoritative interference is concerned, but
the two premises have proved a gTeat in
ducement to a small band of market hunt
ers residing in this county, who thereby
have reaped no small fortune.
At a recent meeting of the Merced su
pervisors claims aggregating $44?, repre- ,
senting the bounty on 22.400 squirrel tails, ■
were allowed and paid to five Alameda
County hunters. •■.■".
The«=e claims had been sworn to In due
form, but Deputy Sheriff Peddler has !
since discovered that the 22.400 tails had
been delivered by five market huntei*
named J. Lambert, J. Lambert Jr.. John
Doe Whytenbeek. Sears and Buckley
within twenty-four hours after they
reached Merced County. This discovery
led to immediate further Investigation,
and it has been found that the rive men in ;
question have thus far collected from !
Merced County $1500 and over.
It has since been learned that all of the
squirrels whose tails wye sold to the
Merced Supervisors were shot and skinned
in Alameda and Contra Costa counties.
Sheriff Rogers' deputies have be»n
working in conjunction with the Merced
authorities, and they have succeeded in
arresting J. Lambert and his son at their ;
homes in Berkeley. These two have been
taken to the Merced County Jail, where
they are hooked for felony.
The other three hunters implicated nave
thus far evaded arrest, but it is expected
they will be rounded up in a few days.
To Rebuild a Burned Church.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12. -A contract has
been awarded or the rebuilding of the
Methodist church at Haywards, which
ELECTED QUEEN OF
THE ASTORIA CARNIVAL
Miss Susie Elmore Triumphant in an
Exciting Battle of
Ballots.
ASTORIA. Or.. Aug. 12.— Miss Susie
Elmore, the charming daughter of
Samuel Elmore, the wealthy salmon
packer, will reign as Queen of the sixth
annual carnival, which opens here on
August 21. F<>r thr«p weeks an inter
esting voting contest has waged mer
rily, and to-night the final vote was an
nounced. <>n the Rrst of the two counts
to-day Miss Elmore was in third
place, but tens of thousands of votes
wore cast for her after 2 o'clock and
she won by over 37,000.
The loading three candidate? all along
have been -Miss Blmore, Mi?? Isabel
Trulllnger and Miss Louise Tallant.
Miss Tallant had first place and Miss
Trullinger second for some days past.
To-night's vote changed all this, and
Miss Trullinger, who was looked upon
by the majority of people as a sure
winner, came out in third place.
The total vote in the contest was
about 326,000, and the leading three
candidates received the following num
bers: Miss Elmore, 118,594; Miss Tal
lant 81,276; Miss Trullinger. 55,203.
MOB DISPERSED BY
BUDAPEST POLICE
Demonstration Attends the Removal
of the Hentz Monument to a
New Site.
BUDAPEST, Aug. 12.— The monument
erected in hnnor of General Hentz was
removed from the Georgesplatz to th*
garden of the infantry cadet school in
order to make room for the mpnument of
Empress Elizabeth, which was dedicated
to-day with military honor?. Archduke
Joseph representing the Emperor-King.
Prince Lobowlta eulogized the heroes of
I s4f», many of whose bodies have now been
reinterred in the garden beneath the new
memorial by the Emperor-King's order-.-.
While th>- troops were returning from
the ceremony they encountered a body or
hostile demonstrators, who were dispersed
by mounted police. Four arrests were
made.
LINTON BEATS ELKES.
Welch Wheelman Wins the One-Hour
Championship.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Tom Linton
of Wales, champion of Europe, in a
one-hour paced race won the cham
pionstalp of America to-day, beating
Harry Elk--? of Glens Falls, x. V., at
the Manhattan Beach bicycle track by
nearly two laps. The Welshman, in ad
dition, made a new world's record, the
pacing being: by motor cycles. In th*>
hour he rode thirty-four miles ami 440
yards. This does not reach thf* record
held by Elkes. paced in the old style,
of thirty-four miles. 1204 yards. Elkes
was left behind by the loss of a pedal,
and then by riding off the track onto
the ropes of th? inclosure. Linton won
by three and a half yards less than two
laps.
Three-Mile Record Lowered.
CHICAGO. Aug. 72..— C. S. Porter, paced
by a gasoline motor, broke the three
mile world's record at the Ravenswood
track this afternoon. The time was as fol
lows- First mile. 1:413-5; second mile.
1-3S 3-5- third mile. 1:43: three miles. 5:03.
The American record was held by Michael
at 6:18 1-6, made at Philadelphia. October,
1597 The world's record was held by A.
A. Chase at 5:06, made at Crystal Palace,
London.
Haunty a Fast Swimmer.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 12.— Dr. Newman
was defeated this afternoon in the 100
--yard swimming championship race at
Pleasant Valley by John F. Haunty of the
Milwaukee Athletic Club. Time. 1:09 4-5
Haunty came within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record.
*5 rerrTkP? re r~b rwsv^ ( I NEWS \ \
- •HJjuyj^U^ULJLLiJai/ \ \DAycmts) /
was burned down on July 4. The work
must be completed by September 20.
Entiged Small School Girl 3.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— The police feel
confident they have captured the man
who has been Indecently treating a num
ber of small girls, scholars at the Durant
and Cole schools. At th^ City Prison the
suspect gave the name of J. Phillips, but
his true name is J. .Munson. He will be
held pending further investigation by the
detectives. The man is accused of having
accosted girls on their way to class, giv
ing them candy and trying by such mean*
to induce them to accompany him into
vacant houses.
TWO FRIENDS QUARREL
WITH LITTLE CAUSE
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Miss Mamie Kelly
was arrested this morning on a charge of
embezzlement. The warrant was sworn
out by Mrs. M. E. Deeds, and while the
case developed an amusing feature the
court evidently did not consider a crime
had been committed, as he released the
defendant on her own recognizance.
Six months ago the two young ladies
were the best of friends, living in San
Francisco. Mrs. Deeds was the owner of
a valuable ring, and being about to go
East for a long visit she allowed Miss
Kelly to pawn the ring to assist her funds.
When the pledge was about to expire Miss
Kelly redeemed the ring and paid the in
terest.
When Mrs. Deeds returned she at once
demanded the ring from Miss Keiiy. but
seemed to be in no hurry to reimburse
her the amount of the interest. On the
other hand, when Mrs. De^ds went away |
she borrowed n valise of Miss Kelly, and
on her return she was in no hurry to give
it bark. Between the valise and the ring
the two friends quarreled, and finally Mrs.
Deeds swore out the warrant c-arging her
late friend with embezzlement.
• After hearing both sides of the story
Judge Smith said it was nonsense to take
such a case into court, and ordered Miss
Kelly released on her own recognizance.
YELLED AS HE JUMPED
FROM THE FERRY
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.— A man jumped off
the 11:15 ferryboat to-night from San
Francisco just as it was approaching the
Oakland slip. He was on the rear part ot
the lower deck and as he jumped over
the rail he shouted loudly, attracting
everybody's attention. The ferryboat was
so near the slip that tht- waves washed
the would-be suicide on to the piles. He
yelled like an Indian and the passengers
thought he must be impaled on a spike.
A boat was slowly lowered and the man
was taken from off tho piles and landed
on the steamer deck. He was not injured
by his experience. He appeared to be
somewhat under the influence of liquor.
His name could not be learned.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 12.— The Corinthian;
Club held its regular monthly meeting last ;
night at the residence of Miss Florence
Mitchell, 1343 Broadway. Sixteen new
members were elected.
The Alameda and California cricket 1
clubs will play to-morrow at the Webster
street grounds. Game will be called at I
11:30 a. m. and will last till 5:30 p. m. The j
crack players of both clubs will take part.
Captain' Simpson has received orders to
hold his command in readiness to respond
to orders for participation* in the parade ,
in honor of the First California Volun- '
teers. The company expects to have new
uniforms by that time and will turn out
forty strong. , „ 
J B Lanktree. J. Henry Glas and Neil
J. McKean have been appointed to ap
praisp the estate of George A. Morss.
Chief Krauth has secured a new team:
of horses for service in the Fire Depart- \
ment. The department will soon be
equipped with two new combination cnem
leal engine and hose wagons.
THE DOVE OF PEACE
HOVERS OVER EUROPE
All Quarrels Are Practically Settled
Except the Transvaal Dis
pute.
Special Cable to Tb«> Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. Aug. 12.— The general Eu
ropean political outlook is serene, if we
except the Trar-svaal dispute, which
has arrain assumed an aspect which
Mr. Chamberlain calls serious, but
which it is hoped may prove but tem
porary.
In Belgium the Smet de Naeger Min
istry started <<ff with a timely propor
tional representation programme which
bids fair to afford an acceptable solu
tion of the electoral problem which re
cently appeared so menacing, while In
Spain the Government has succeeded
in surmounting, for the time being at
least, the budget of difficulties that not
long ago threatened its very existence.
So the dove of peace is hovering over
all Europe.
KENTUCKY ORATORS
OVERCOME BY HEAT
Goebel and Settle Faint While Deliv
ering Addresses to Campaign
Crowds.
MAYFIELD. Ky.. Aug. 12.— William
Goebel, Democratic cnndidate for Gov
ernor, opened his campaign here to-day
at a large meeting, which was addressed
by him and px-Senator Blackburn. When
a.' little over half through his speech Mr.
Goebel was overcome by the heat and
fainted, but was quiokly revived. He was
unable to proceed with his speech.
At Bowling Green. Cnngr^ssman Evan
E. Settle was similarly overcome while
speaking for the Democratic ticket.
MOB ASSAILS^ MOTORMAN.
Single Policeman Holds the Excited
Crowd at Bay.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 12.— There
was BerioUß rioting on Orange street to
night. A non-union motorman on a Big
Consolidated streetcar was jeered by a
crowd and he left his car and pursued
his tormentors. A big mob collected ;it
once nnd the motorman was surrounded.
An attempt was made to lynch him, but
a single policeman arrived and held the
crowd at bay until reinforcements came.
The motorman and several of the rioters
were arrested.
Aged Woman Sues for Divorce.
WOODLAND, Aug. 12.- Proceedings in 1
what promise? to be a sensational dl- j
vorce case were begun in the Superior
Court here to-day, the plaintiff being Mrs.
J W. Hamblotori. Mr. and Mrs. Hamble- j
ton arc well-known residents of Western ;
Yolo where they have resided for the last |
twenty years. They have been married
forty-seven years, and have a large fam
ily of married children residing in the
county Thr- complaint alleges intemper
ance ' and inhuman treatmenr as the
grounds for separation, and the plaintiff
ask* for a division of the community prop
erty said to consist of :•"" acres of fertile
land in Capay Valley and a large amount
of personal property.
Big Log Raft Starts.
ASTORIA. Or.. Aug. 12.— The bi? log
raft destined for San Francisco arrived
down the river this evening in tow of *he
ocean tup YValulu end the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company's steamer
Thompson. The raft contains nearly five
million feet of timber and has been under
const ruction by the Robertson Brothers
since last June. It if now safely moored
at Fl.ivel and will be started on its jour
ney in tow of the tugs Rescue and Relief
to-morrow.
Horse Sold for Two Bit 3.
VISALIA, Aug. 12.— A horse was sold in
Exeter, in this county, yesterday for 25
cents. This is undoubtedly the cheapest
hor?** ever disposed of in the San Joaquin
Valley.
MAY HAVE TO
SEPARATE GIRL
AND HUSBAND
Child-Wife Allowed to
Go Free.
MADDEN AN OPIUM - EATER
JTJDGE SMITH FEARS THAT HE
MEANS NO GOOD.
After a Pathetic Scene in Court Young
Mrs. Madden Goes to Friends.
Pleads Devotedly for Her
Husband.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 12
Judge Smith had a hard task this morn-
Ing persuading young Mrs. Madden to ac
cept her liberty. The little wife, who .s
but 17 years old. cried bitterly when the
Judge told her she was perfectly free and
could walk out of court. She did not want
to go without her husband.
She told the court that liberty without
him would be infintely less pleasant
than imprisonment, but his Honor could
not be prevailed upon to be as lenient to
the young husband, who has been tried
and whose case now rests with the court.
It was in vain that Judg. .^mith told the
girl that she would be bett'-r off without
her husband. The court recalled the fact
that Madden is an opium eater, and that
when he was arrested a large piece of the
drug was found on him. He also outlined
the future which she must expect if she
persisted in remaining with her husband,
but none of the argument had any effect.
Finally Mrs. Madden consented to go to
the home of Mrs. Sarah BrilliaJit, in San
Francisco, as the lady had expressed a
willingness to receive her. Officer Kyie
accompanied the young woman across the
bay at the suggestion of the court.
"This is a peculiar case." said the Judge,
"and I have not yet made up my mind
h<>w to handle it. Madden found, as he
says, two children's rings in the elevator
of* the hotel and Kept them for several
weeks. It is very evident from his ap
pearance that he is an opium fiend, and
there is much doubt as to the extent of
his guilt. I also want to consider the
point as to whether the girl would be bet
ter off with him or without him, and as he
is safe in jail at present I shall not decide
his case for a day or two. If I could be
persuaded that his influence over the girl
woud be for good I would release him.
but at present I am inclined to think that
the girl would be better off if she ni ■ i
met him again. It is not an easy matter
to decide such a question between a hus
band and wife, who are practically chil
dren. I am convinced, however, that
whether he be guilty or not his wife haa
no share in the guilt."
At the Dewey.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— "Cinderella" will
close ;i very successful week at the
Dewey Theater to-morrow night. "The
Adventures of Miss Brown" is billed for
next week.
ANTINORTH AMERICAN
ALLIANCE LOOKED FOR
English Press Comments on the Visit
of President Roca to
Brazil.
LONDON. Aug. 12.— Commenting on
the visit of President Roca of the Ar
gentine Republic to Brazil as an event
of quite peculiar significance, the Sat
urday Review, with its customary anti-
American view, does not sfp anything
improbable in the suggestion that an
anti-North American alliance is con
templated.
It says the t'nited States has absorb
ed Cuba and Porto Rico, and is hunger
ing for San Domingo and hopes shoctly
to Bee the English excluded from the
Orinoco, and their own client. Venezu
ela, at Barima Point. Nicaragua is
threatened and there is every ground
for the larger South American States to
be forearmed.
Offer to Stofen's Bondsmen.
PA NT A ROSA. Aug. 12.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day passed a resolution to
the effect that if the bondsman of former
County Treasurer P. N. Stof^n pay within
ten days into the County Tr-;-; s'.iry the
sum of $wso the county will accept it as
full payment of the judgment entered
against the bondsmen by the Superior
Court.
Drowned While Bathing-.
PREMEN, Me.. Aug. 12.— Mabel anil
Lizzie Wester, aged 1< and 15 y««-ir<= re
spectively, and Lizzie Dodge, ag»d ;-:.
daughters of farmers, were drowr.od
while bathing to-dny.
Henry Rector Dsad.
T.TTTLE ROCK. Ark.. Aug. 12— Henry
Rector, the seventh Governor of Arkan
sas, died to-day, aged S3 years.
The Company Stood It.
On one of the trolley lines leading to
a well-known amusement park they
, have a system whereby the cars are
I stopped at certain points t<> allow uni
formed inspectors to count the passen
gers, presumably, as a check on the
! conductors. Among the passengers on
the oar was a wHI-dressed young fellow
' with a nenchant for cracking jokes at
■ other people's expense. When the car
1 stopped for the count-up he had a lot
of fun thrusting jiges at the conductor
and hte trolley company people in gen-
I eral. Finally, just as the car was about
to resume its journey, he called out:
"Say, Mister Inspector, you missed
me."
"Hump!" he retorted, "T guess the
company can stand it. I didn't miss
much."
Then everybody laughed, the young
fellow got red in the face, the motor
man turned on the current and the car
sped onward.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
Just the Profile Taken.
A novel departure from the conven
tional portrait -hotograph has been
made by photographers this season.
The new photograph reprod ices only
the profile and a very artistic effect is
added by employing unusual effects in
lighting. In view of the old conven
tional methods of trimming and mount
ing photographs, these new portraits
are c-ceedingly daring. In many of
these portraits a part of the head is
completely cut away, leaving only the
line of the -"'file. This is done always
in such a way. ho- ver. that the
familiar lines— that is, those which
serve to reproduce what is commonly
known as the "'- a ness— are all pre
served. The negatives made by these
photographers are seldom retouched to
any extent.— New Orleans Democrat.
. ♦ ■
The Why.
Curate— l never saw such a set of tdlot3
as I had to preach to this morning.
Mabel (one of the congregation)— l sup
pose that is why you kept on calling them
"dearly beloved brethren."— Tit-Bits.
1516
SAN FRANt:! SCO CALX*.
BUSrXRSS OFFICE of the San FtmioJsco
Cnll, corner of Markut and Third streets, open
until U o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery «tre«t.
corner Clay; open uatll 9:SO o'clock.
700 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C 39 McAllister street; open until 9:SO o'clock.
fls Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3541 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
SKI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
JOO Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
?SI6 Mission street; open tititll 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets ;■ open until 9 o'clock.
CIIURCH SERVICES.
GRACE M . E. Church, corner Twenty-first
and Carp streets— Rev. J. N. Heard. D.D.,
pastor, residence and office, 316S Twenty-first
street Pastor's office hour, Ito2p. m. every
week day except Monday. Pastor and family
at home second and fourth Monday evenings
in each month. Regular services. Sunday—
10 a m., Class No. I. E. E.- Newton, leader;
H a m and 7:45 p. m.. public worship;
preaching by the pastor; 12:45 p. m.. Sunday-
school, .1. G. Sanchez, superintendent; 6:30
p. m., Epworth League, A. A. Knox, presi-
dent; Infra. League, Miss E. J. Dornln; class
No 3, Jas. Renwick leader. All are cordially
invited. Seats free. Wednesday— 7:4s p. m.,
general prayer meeting. Friday— 3:3o p. m..
Junior Ix>ague; Mrs. btraun.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Class
meetings, 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Sermon
11 a. m. Subject, "Upon This Rock I "Will
Build My Church." Sunday school 1 p. m.,
Rolla V. Watt, superintendent. Christian En-
deavor Society, 6 p. m. Sermon. 7:45 p. m.:
subject, "Great Mothers and Noble Fathers.'
No. 2 in Home Circle aeries. Seats free. All
cordially Invited. This Is a people's church.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary sts.. Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D.,
pastor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Topic evening, "Wrestling with Difficulties
and Darkness and Desertion." Music morn-
ing— "Te Deum" (E flat). P. A. Sehnecker;
cfTertory. "Come, Holy Spirit." Dudley Buck;
alto sblo. Mrs. J. E. Birmingham. Music
evening— A them, "Praise the. Lord" (b flat).
Holden: offertory, "O. That My Load of Sin
Were Gone," J. S. Camp; solos and quartet.
All are made welcome.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, Oak and
Baker streets (Panhandle of Golden Gate,
Park)— Sunday-school at 9:30 a, m. ; services
nt 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m., conducted by Rev.
J S. Thomas. Morning- subject. "Sufficient
Gr&ce"; evening. "Jesus Judged"; Christian
Endeavor meeting at 0:45; Wednesday evening
prayer meeting at 7:45. A cordial Invitation
to all.
ST. PAUL'S Church, California St.. near Fill-
more, Rev. W. Maxwell R«illy rector. Rev.
A C. Wilson assistant— Holy communion, 7:30
a. m. Sunday school, 9:30. Morning service
and sermon by the rector. 11 o'clock. Even-
ing prayer and sermon, by Rev. A. C. Wil-
son. 7:45 p. m. Music by St. Paul's vested
quartet and chorus choir. Organist, A. A.
Kankin.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening. 11
a. m theme, "How God Is Revealed." 7:4.>
i) m theme, 'How We Know That Some
People Are. Not Christians." All are cor-
dially invited^
BETHANY Congregational Church, Bartlett
st , near Twenty-fifth. Rev. W. C. Pond, pas-
tor—Anniversary Sunday. Y. P. S. C. E.
Morning, special discourse to the societies.
Evening, reports, addresses, etc.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner of
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Horatio Steb-
bins, D.D., minister emeritus. Sunday school
reopens at 10 a. m. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Rev. Dr. Orello Cone of Lawrence.
Kan., will occupy the pulpit. All are cordially
Invited. There will be no evening service.
SEVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church. 914-916 La-
guna st bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
ay —Elder J. O. Corliss, pastor. Services,
sabbath (Saturday); Sabbath-school at 9:4."
a, m.; preaching at 11 o'clock. A series of
discourses every Sunday evening at 7:45. The
question, "When Will the Atonement Be Fin-
ished?" will be answered to-night. Tuesday
evening, lecture on "Physical Culture"; Wed-
nesday evening, midweek service; Thursday
evening, lecture on "The Process of Diges-
tion." Seats free. All welcome.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
Mock, 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
Bye.- Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m.;
subject. "Mind." Sunday school for children
at the same hour. Wednesday evening meet-
ing at S o'clock. All are welcome^
NEW~ Jerusalem Church (Swedenborglan). 1628
O'Farrcll st. The pastor. Rev. D. V. Bowen,
will preach at 11 a. m. Subject, "The New
Age an.l the New Church." Free library of
New Church books. No evening service.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts Union mas« meeting to-day at i o'clock.
•\ddres3 by Bishop J. W. Galnes of the
African M. E. Church. Open fret to the pub-
lic both men and women. Next Tuesday
evening a memorial service will be held at
the Association auditorium In memory of the
late Captain Charles Goodall, which the pub-
lic is respectfully Invited to attend. Ad-
dresses by Senator Perkins. Rev. Dr. Dili's,
Rev. John Stephens and others.
A. CHATTER JI will lecture before the Theo-
sophical Society, odd Fellows' building, cor-
ner Seventh and Market sts.. to-day. 11 a.
m., subject. "The Bhagavad Glta." At Sp. m.,
"Mysteries of the Beyond." Seats free; col-
lection. Lotus circle in library, second floor,
11 a. m. Inquirers' meeting, Thursday, 2:30
p. '"• '
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
Cramer pastor— Discourse by S. A. Eckman
at 11 a. m. Subject, "The Chastening of the
Lord." Services every Sunday In Yosemlte
Hall, Native Sons' building. Mason St., be-
tween Geary and Post. Take elevator.
SPECIAL gospel meetings at the Hall, 11 City
Hall square, near Market St., every evening,
except Monday and Saturday, at 8 o'clock.
Subject Sunday evening "Can One Be Abso-
lutely Certain of Their Eternal Salvation Be-
fere the Day of Judgment?" undenomina-
tional; H. A. Ironside, evangelist; Bible class
Funday mornings at 10 o'clock; come; bring
your Bible.
WEST Side Christian Church. Bush St.. near
Devlsadero— Sunday-school, 10 a. m. Preach-
ing, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m., by Rev. T. A.
Hoyer of Stockton Subjects, morning, "Spe-
cial Providences"; evening. "Why I Am
What I Am."
MEETINGS — iDlvernul Brotherhood.
JTHEOSOPHICAL Society In America; lecture
8 p. m. by Julius Oettl; subject. "Man and
His Bodies"; Tuesday night. International
Brotherhood League; subject, "Humane
War," by H. Buntrock and Alfred D. Robin-
eon. 819 Market st. ; T. S. Lending Library In
rooms 30 and 31.
j ■
; MEETINGS Sunday.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
"Electricity, Its Origin. Nature and Effects,"
by* Dr. J. Depew Kergan (of Dm. K. & X.'s
Electric Sanitarium), at Crystal Hall. Pyth-
ian Castle, 909 Market St.; followed by mag-
nificent art views. Those attending this lec-
ture may procure free tickets to the won-
derful X-ray exhibition on Tuesday evening
next.
AT Dr. Rines' Spiritual Society. 909 Market
St.. 11. 2, 8 free; collection; bring 10c; Mrs.
Seeley-Vigers, Davlson. others; doctor's office,
12.16 Market Bt.. 10 to 6; circle Tuesday, 8
I2SB Howard St. ; circle, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, the great psychic and in-
dependent slate writer, permanently located
S3O Ellis Ft.; hours, 10 to 6; seance next Sun-
day. August 20.
AT S. F. Free Thought Society, 8 o'clock, 1133
Mission St., between Seventh and Eighth.
Hub lee t, "Who Are the Greatest Criminals?"
by Mrs. Osborne. Admission free.
HAVE you seen the Harbinger of Dawn, the
new review of spiritual, occult, psychical and
metaphysical reviews? Translations from all
languages; newsdealers.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual test medium, In one
of his marvelous test seances to-night, 8:15
sharp; Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin; admis-
sion 10c.
INGERSOLL memorial nt Scottish Hall, Mon-
day evening, Aug. 21; see further notice next
Sunday; don't miss It.
CONVINCING spirit messages by Mme. Young
to-night; lecture and prayer for Captain
Dreyfus by Mrs. Seal. COS McAllister st. ; 10c.
TEST meeting Sun., 2 and 8 p. m.; 10c. 9A
Bth; R. "A. Stitt, Bird, Vigors. Hargrave. oth.
FREE talk on palmistry by PALMIEA, 301
Polk st., Monday, 8 p. m.; classes forming. .
SOUL culture meeting, 90) Market; free; seance
7:30. H. H. Brown lectures on "Courage."
AT Friendship Hall. X 35 McAllister St.. to-day.
2 and 8 p. m., tests by good mediums, 10c.
A MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting,
S: 10c. 3250 224, t>et. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. JIENA FRANCES, 118 Halght st— lnde-
pendent xlatewritlng medium.
MRS. P. SEIP, the true' prophet, daily; 80c; to-
■ night at S. 10c. 1724 Market St.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Officers and members are hereby* no-..J%.
tlfied to attend the funeral of our de-^Cjf
ceased brother, GEORGE. B. McLAY, /V>
from the hall of the lodge TO-DAY (SUN-
DAY) at 2 p. m. By order of the W. M. .
H. C. BUNKER. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 13L I. O. O. F., o^^^^.
Sixteenth and Valencia.— Double
initiation TUESDAY EVENING, "^*JW^>
August 13. "
WILL J. FRENCH, N. G.
R. L. SIMPSON, Rec. Sac.
ALTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F. • J *glW&i>.
Init'Htes MONDAY/ EVENING, §252tS*5SF
Autru<jt 18. Visitors Invited. cSgffi&SV?
W. WARD BECKX.EY. N. O. «BW»v
meetixq,.>;p,.tac:es»- j , ,
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. js/oSS^S^.
F. — New by-laws come up for ffaJsSfifi
final reading and action thereon *4sBsljS|ss?
MONDAY EVENING, August 14.
C. H. KORNBECK, N. G.
W. B. CURTIS, Secretary^
COURT Twin Peaks 1656. A. O. P.— Otft-^HL^g*
cers and members are requested to <2tT
meet at Twin Peaks' Hall. Seventeenth 3rV
and Noe St., TO-DAY (SUNDAY), at •*— -
-12:30 sharp to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased brother. F. A. HEIGEL.
ST. ANDREW'S Society will cele- v %f >^
brate the 12Sth anniversary of the >«. iMuJJ
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT by "^SOySc
a concert end dance on the even-
Ing of August 18 next at Scottish Hall, 107
Larkin st. Admission 25c. •
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Members v C 7" >^
are requested to attend the funeral «Qi €&.y.'J
of cur late fellow member, DR.
GEORGE B. McLAY. from Ma- ' i *afiWt
sonic Hall, Mission st., near Twenty-third,
on SUNDAY, Autrust 13. at 2 o'clock p. m.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of Tara— Fifth annual outing next
SUNDAY, August 20, at Harbor View Park.
The general committee are hereby notified to
! attend without fall TUESDAY EVENING, 8
| o'clock sharp.
] THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will bo held at 777 Mission
st. en WEDNESDAY, Aujrust 22. 1599, at
8:30 p. m.. for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before It. Transfer
books will close Friday, Aug. 18, at 4 p. m.
: By order of the board of directors.
I M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
I — ™* — — ™ — — '^— — — — ' — "**" — "^^ ~ "**" " m
ACCOUNTANTS.
8. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audit* &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ASTROLOGY.
I ASTROLOGY, clairvoyant and palmistry; read-,
ings 50c up; test given. 319 McAllister St.
' PROFESSOR ROAF of Boston, astrologer and
! occultist: horoscopes, etc. 31 Sixth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no ' advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
) ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
! etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
j &IAUUIKK & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
incvea their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 826-555 Market st. tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
! J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE. Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels Building. 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
i ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BOARD A.Mi ROOMS.
! AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ITVALE; prlv. board: extensive grounds,
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvale us.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
HOTEL ROBINSON, 1049 A Market; under new
i and excellent management. MRS. M. C.
ROBINSON, formerly of Oakland; sunny
i suites; very desirable; first-class table; quick
service; reasonable rates; elevator; family
! suites a specialty; Amer. and European plan.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market St.. S. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
cr en suite; board anil room, $1 per day up;
suites without board. $1 per day: single rooms.
50c: special rates by month, also to tourists.
j LAS PALMAS. 1821 Market— Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
: O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.: cen. for lunches.
HOAHDINtr FOR ClliLliiv Mi.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children or infant at 11V4
Isis st.. MRS. A. UPPITY .
BOOKS— AND OLD,
CASH paid for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER, 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
m mm CHANCES.
CORNER saloon: bargain; sickness cause
of sale. Mclaughlin *.- CO.. 777 Vi Market.
A— s2so; locksmith shop for sale: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market at.
CIGAR store at great sacrifice: day trade; cen-
trally located. COWING & CO., 99f< Market. ;
! SANITARIUM for sale— A splendid chance for
physician; one of the most complete estab-
lishments of its kind in the State; new. mod-
ern building; large grounds; central location;
doing fine business; leased now; paying nearly
1 per cent month on price asked; lease soon
expires; will sell completely fitted for $10,000
less than cost; best of reasons for disposing
of It; small cash payment required; present
owner would consider retaining half interest,
Complete Information from WILLIAM J.
DINGEE, rooms 15 and 16, second floor. MilH
building.
FINE furnished saloon; must be sold — $500
2 cigar stores; cheap 150 j
Half interest In a hotel 850 ;
Fine bargains In business opportunities.
| Call room 2. IUU7 1 *! Market st., near Sixth.
WANTED— Energetic young man to join me In
the purchase of sugar pine lumbering "lant
•now In successful operation; 20 per cent guar-
anteed on investment: $1300 required. Ad- ,
dress Lumberman, lock box 412. Ukiah. Cal.
FOR rent— Rare chance; on account of sick-
ness fine summer resort doing good business:
n-af railroad station. Alameda County. For
further Information call S. STERN. 34 Fourth
$2000 CAN be made within 15 days by my profit-
able plan of speculation in Wall street: write
for information Immediately to R. P.
THOMPSON, Banker, £.0 Broadway, N. Y.
YOUNG man of business qualities can earn
reasonable salary and fair interest on invest-
ment of $2500 In well-established mercantile
I house. Address box 1235, Call office.
100 SHARES of Alaska Salmon stock at $60 per
share- you can double your money in '."> days.
Call at once at CLARK & CO.'S, room SOT,
Examiner building.
C^LIFORNIANS are slow; I want an East-
erner or Klondlker to Join me in an Immense
enterprise; few thousand dollars is required.
Box 1062, Call office.
PARTNER wanted to open first-class barber
shop- choice location; will buy oak barber
furniture. Box 1007, Call office.
NAVIGATOR and boatbuilder wants a partner
with $300 to build small trading vessel. Ad-
dress box 1071, Call office. .
GROCERY and bar doing good business; ter-
minus of car line. Address J. D., 2526 Mission
st. : no agents apply.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
olson. Atty & Financial Agt.Hackmeier Hotel.
FIRST-RATE butcher shop to let; .everything
[ complete; a good opportunity. 1135 Folsom st.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783% Market st.
WANTED— Man with $500 to go to Oregon; fine
chance. Address box 3271. Call office.
MILLINERY store: best part of Mission; full
value In stock. 1034 Valencia st.
CARRIAGE painting business In Oakland. Call
at 310 Bush St., San Francisco.
«]00 — SNAP for business or residence, small
house: must be sold; make an offer; ground
rent $10 year. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St.,
room 6, or at 1208 Page st.
AN experienced stationer and printer has $5000
to Invest In an established business. Address
box 1075. Call office.
FOR sale— Meat market, established 10 years.
2708 Mission.
NICE fixtures In cigar and stationery store; ex-
cellent location; low rent. 256 Third st.
PARTNER— will sell out wood and coal
business. Box 10T2, Call office.
WANTED— HaIf or whole, restaurant, oyster
%nd chop house or coffee saloon; no agents.
Box 1500, Call office.
$100— PARTNER wanted in a sure-paying busi-
ness netting $100 mo. G. C. TERRY. 149 Third.
FOR sale — 2 or 2 restaurant outfits from $100
up. 827 Mission st. v. •■•;.•;
WANTED— Men for rich Government oil lands:
best chance ever offered to make money. For
full particulars address S. KLEIN, box 1303.
FRUIT store: 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying bukiness. 209
Second st. ; bargain.
BARGAIN— Lark Saloon. 12 Seventh St., I. O.
O. F. building, opp. New Postofflce building.
J5CO— PARTNER wanted, good house, 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019, Call.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 535
Market st.
THE best paying home bakery and delicatessen
store; large stock of home-made fruits and
relishes; lunch rooms; living rooms; first-
class trade; low rent. Ell Eleventh St., Oak-
land. ,^-
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SIXNPAT, AUGUST 13, 1899.
BI1&IKE8S CnANCBS-
FOR sale— A good home bakery; for particulars
inquire at 2585 Market Bt.. near Sixteenth.
J. McELLIGOTT.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage ■ and
pork-packing business for sale in one or tne
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.*
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
in city. Box 1479. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN-Meat market; $250; splendid lo-
cal I ty; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages, In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— HcuEe painted and rooms papered In
exchange for 2-seated business buggy or sin-
gle buggy. Apply 3164 Twenty-fourth st.
DOCTOR'S phaeton; good condition; at a sac-
rifice; $40. 3650 Seventeenth st. .
A BARGAIN— Piano box buggy and harness;
$30; a rare chanoe. IS3I Eddy st,
ALL kinds of wagons, bucgies. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission Bt.
j 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons carts.
! buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom et.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
' WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
! J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
; "453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 218; lowest rates.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
I tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
j J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co. 240 14th
Bt. : cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
', Gate aye.: tel. East 126. .
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
i rTTcA~Cleanlng and. Toilet Compounds and
I Compound Paste; a household blessing ; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office end factory. 21 Spear st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
i MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium ana clair-
voyant may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will - -veal every
hidden mystery; s..e will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty: locates treasures and minerals: tells
your' entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for c < i ! £ r
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLA-RK.
1023V4 Market St., near Sixth. Always consult
the best
JUDITH B. DWYER. the distinguished clalr-
voyant and medium; those In trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either In person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
i of the power by which she can reveal your
i entire life; also the lives of those In whom
i you are Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mall, $1: reduced rates to the poor. 91 Markt.
MME. LANGE the great clairvoyant, tell? past
, and' future; never falls: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hup-
! band or wife: fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to
I everybody; lucky numbers. 910 Howard st., nr.
Fifth Mme. Lange will remove to her new
; office! 1167 Market St.. Tuesday. August 15.
; MADAME SODAN. Scotch seeress; world-re-
nowned card reader; palmist: may be con-
sulted at 529 Eighth St., Oakland, room 17;
truth or no fee.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Clingman, from
New York: scientific palmistry, aatrologist;
reading*. 50c and $1. 513 Tenth St., Oakland.
MME. LANGE, the groat clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky-numbers. 910 Howard. nr.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladles, 50c; gents. $1; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist: past,
present and future, 2.-.c. 14S Sixth st., room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
YOUR future told by cards; So. 619% Larkin
st.; Sunday hours from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m.
BEST clairvoyant: fee 2.'c. 2i9^ Minna et.
MEDIUM and healer: cir. Mondays. Thursdays;
S p. m. Mrs. Ehrhorn. 1908^, Mission st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley: tells your life from
cradle to grave. 60c. $1 up. 106 Taylor, par.3-5.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
! Mi iE MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt.. near Mission.
: MME. AUGUST. 1149 Mission st., clairvoyant, .
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
i MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
bnnd'o picture. 2, r .c: ladled. 914 O'Farr»ll st.
COLLECTION OFFICES-
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market »'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 8 rooms, bath and laundry; stable
for 5 horses. 3765 Seventeenth st.
! FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones — rooms and stationary
tun's: $io.
DENTISTS.
A^DR~tT& HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully ■ treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up;. flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and th» nerves sleep, you remain wide
a-.vake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner ,
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor, 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electrlo-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no student*. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
,
MEYER. 6 Turk; Deutscher ZJahnarzt; crown
and bridge work: open Sundays, 9 to 18 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— l-c up; crowns, j
$3 up: open evening*. 850 Mn-Uet st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
Post Bt.
. EDUCATIONAL,
| HEALD'3 Business College, 24 Post si, San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter fcr any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new bO-page cata-
log free.
! MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART,
SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
This school will reopen on Monday, August
7th; drawing, painting* and modeling from
life; still life or antique; half-days, $7 per
month; whole days, $10 per month, or $37 50
per term of 4% months; night classes Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Fridays; antique $3
and life $5 per month. For further particulars
apply to the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
or at the school building, corner of Pine and
Mason streets. J. R. MARTIN. Secretary.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and , medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
RALSTONITES invited; Prof. John D. Hoover
from the Ralston School of Physical Culture
at Washington, D. C, will open his classes at
Hoover Hall, 1327 Market St., Monday even-
lng. August 21. 1899.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
KDUCATIONAX."
HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; summer
rates. ¥,; French, Spanish daily. Merc. L '"
brary. 630 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours. 2 to 8.
AN experienced gentleman, unusually qualified
to instruct youths or adults, will be free for
more pupils by Aug. 15. Address box Ha?. Call.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, aesay archl.; day and eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
60c an hour; excellent planiat and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
WELL-FURNISHED room, in exchange by
lady for piano instructions. Box 1053, Call.
Dressmaking in exchange for ball-
room dancing by professional. Box 1058, Call.
PIANO. mandolin, guitar lessons, 60c, at
pupil's home. Box 1055, Call office.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1612 Cal. St.
INSTRUCTION In dancing, ballroom or stage.
Mon. and Fri. evgs. Prof. O'Brien, 107 Larliln.
DANCING, ballroom, stage, taught: private or
] class. IRVINE'S. 421 Post St., near Powell. ;
SHORTHAND In 2 weeks, or year's tuition
free; pupils by mall. Room 30. 122 Turk st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or prlvte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 323 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tal. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st : tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Fe«savle.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants position: city
or country; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN,
823 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation; good
ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 butter st.
COMPETENT girl from the East wants posi-
tion: good cook and houseworker. MISto
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter Bt.
i FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
best ref. MISS CULLINAN, 323 Sutler St..
phone Main 651.
: FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situation;
understands her business thoroughly. MISS
! D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
I FIRST-CLABS infants* nurse desires situation;
i best of ref.; city or country. MISS P. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE woman; good cook; will An
some washing; go short distance in coun-
try; $20 to $20 per month; references. 746
Mission st.
WANTED— as governess or teacher in
private family; experienced in teaching
French and music. 406 Minna st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place to do general
housework. Call 223 Eleventh st.
REFINED young German girl desires situa-
tion to care for children over 3 years or to
travel. Box 1054. Call office.
WANTED— A first-class position to do upstairs
work; sewer, waitress; wages $25. Address
695 Ellis st.
REFINED German lady of 40 wishes position
as housekeeper in well regulated small home;
city or country. Box 1453, Call office.
LADY'S nurse, with hospital experience, would
like to care for an invalid or would do month-
ly nursing on reasonable terms; references
given. Box 1051. Call office.
COMPETENT person wants place to cook;
willing to assist or general - work in small
family. Apply Monday at 103 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
I or housecleanlng. Call at 104V4 McAllister st.,
rear.
COMPETENT woman with good city references
desires situation as housekeeper; good cook;
city or country. 225 Golden Gate aye.
LADY wants plain sewing to do at home. 150
Fourth gt.. room 7. , .
NEAT Swedish girl desires chamber and up-
stairs work; good city reference; $25. Call
Monday at 9 Lapkle St., off Mission, between
Eighth and Ninth.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engagements
in families; terms $1 25 per day; references, j
Address 26S Golden Gate aye. :
YOUNG French woman wishes . work by the
day washing, ironing or houoecleaning. $10
Polk st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
cleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec St.,
off Shotwell.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position; Mare Isl-
and preferred; references. 1163 Howard st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day |
washing or cleaning; neat and clean worker.
Apply at 43 Ivy aye,; do not send postals.
EASTERN woman wishes work by the day
washing or cleaning. 673 Minna St.. nr. 7th.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman with little
girl 2 years old wants place to cook; will go
to the country. Address 839 Mission st.
PLACE as working housekeeper wanted by
competent, respectable woman. Call fore-
noon or write to 142^ Fourth st.
WANTED— By a young woman a position to
do upstairs work and sewing. Address or call
225 Birch aye.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation as house-
keeper; reference if required. Call or address
1147 Mission St., near Seventh.
BOOKKEEPER, young lady, experienced, well
recommended, desires position. Box 1047, Call.
YOUNG girl, experienced In sewing, wants po-
sition with dressmaker. Address M. X., box
1049, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman would like position;
g'neral housework; small family; good cook;
small wash. 252 Eighth St.; call Monday.
WOMAN with a baby wishes position; good
cook; will do email washing. Apply 944 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— situation by a first-class cook, or
would do general housework in a small fam-
ily. Call at Lester House, room 6, Eighth
and Clay sts., Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wants a place to do gen-
eral housework; good cook. Call at 512 Ninth
St., Oakland. •..■-■■'• : '
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, per-
fection In fitting and trimming: costumes re-
modeled latest styles: $1 per day. J. H. P.,
601 Post St., room 34.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
POSITION in an Institution or school; a re-
fined Protestant woman, with several years'
experience; city or country; best references.
F. M. S.. 1727 Butter st. '
YOUNG lady would like a position as type-
writer or office work. Room 29, second floor.
806 Market st. ___^
YOUNG woman wishes a situation In the
country In good family. 1263 Broadway, near
Hyde st. •-:--: : :
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 room*; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male!
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best Kelp. 414H O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
YOUNG man desires a position in a wholesale
store or shipping office; experienced. Box
1066, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; prefers
office work. Box 1065, Call office.
EXPERIENCED man In making documents
wants situation as lawyer's or notary's clerk;
understands also German; best references;
reasonable salary.. 442 Tehama st.
YOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper.
Box 1063. Call office.
AN experienced bookkeeper would like situa-
tion as assistant in office work of any kind;
can furnish references and security. Box
1056, Call office.
SOBER man (married) wants steady Job In
carpet and furniture store; expert carpet-
layer. Address box 1446. Call office. >-n:.
MARRIED man ' and wife, sober and Indus-
trious, wishes a position as porter or Janitor;
j . can furnish best of references. 630 Howard.
PAINTER paper-hanger and tlnter, 15 years'
experience, with good helper, will work very
cheap; day or contract; city or country. Ad-
dress box 1376. Call office. - ■
YOUNG man, age 25, wants situation In store,
office or collector: wages moderate; satisfac-
tory references. Box 1052, Call offlce ;
SITUATION wanted by a waiter and bed-
\maker: city or country. Address A. D., box
1045. Call office^ --
JAPANESE boy wants situation; general
housework. Address H. X., 416>^jPo8t st.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands care of fine horses, cows, gar-
den work and la handy with tools, desires
position. Address box 1598, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED Male.
CIVIL engineer, surveyor and draughtsman,
with first-class field and office outfit, would
like an engagement with contractor. Address
box 1597, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman of good appearance and
average business education, seeks position;
trustworthy and steady. I. WITTY, Hotel
Robinson, 1049 A Market St.
RESPECTABLE man of 40 (German), with a
monthly Income, wishes a situation: has a
little experience in grocery, bar. cigar store
or hotel clerk. Address box 1594, Call office.
WANTED.. Grubstake, about $75, by competent,
practical man. Address box 1595, Call office.
GOOD winemaker, 20 years' experience. Just
arrived from France, desires a position in a
wine cellar; best references. GUILHEM,
New Europe Hotel, 725 Sansome St.
POSITION as head laundryman In hotel or in-
stitution; 16 years' experience; good refer-
ences. 33 Croke »t.
JAPANESE, honest schoolboy, who can cook,
wants a situation in a good family. K. KA-
YAMA, Japanese Y. M. C. A., 121 Halght st.
TOTTNG man wants situation as gardener in
private family; reference. Address J. A.
MacDONALD." 214 Third st.
YOUNG man with some experience in pictorial
painting and drawing wants situation to
learn decorating and graining. Address E.
O. N.. 410 Kearny St.. room 10.
EXCHANGE.
WANTED— FIats or business property in San
FTanclsco. worth from $20,000 to $30,000. on
which there Is a mortgage of from $10,000 to
$15,000; we will pay your mortgage and glv<»
you other first-class income property clear of
lncumbrance; It will pay you to investigate
this; send description of what you have or
call at office. WILLIAM J. DINGEE. rooms
15-16, second floor. Mills building, or 903
Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— 10-ACRE fruit ranch, Sonoma; $4800, 15-
-acre orange orchard. Orovllle; $5500, 35-acre
ranch. Hay wards: $7000. 26-acre fruit ranch.
Martinez- exchange; property city, over the
bay. GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 Kearny »t.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST~U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. OEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician^ char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians. 1071H Market St.. San Francisco. Gal.;
rlai»e» fitted by mall.
FLATS TO LET.
ASTITON~A~GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$12 — 426 Second St.; 4 rooms
$20— 415 Hayes Ft.: 6 rooms and bath
$2;-, — 1205 Vi Turk St.; 8 rooms and hath
$15— ."13 Fulton st.; 5 rooms and bath
$21— 8S4A Howard St.; 5 rooms and bath
$20—5 Hollis St.: 6 rooms and bath
1*5—1721 McAllister at.: 7 rooms and bath
$18—354 Minna St.; 6 rooms and bath
A— NORTHWEST cor. Howard and Erie, near
Thirteenth— Rarely beautiful sunny 7 rooms,
$20; water free; key premises, 1722 Howard »t.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath. yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
CORNER flat. 4 sunny rooms; rent $12. Apply
at U Hartford st.
EDDY, 635— A strictly first-class lower flat, 7
rooma and bath; rent (with water), $25. no
lens; richly worth $30.
FLAT— 4 sunny rooms. 3 Isls st., near Twelfth
and Folsom; rent $13.
FLATS houses; all sizes and prices. COF-
FEY. HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery St.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FOUR-ROOM flats; large yard, stables and
wagon sheds. 1157 Harrison st.
FRANKLIN 1 , 517, near McAllister— Lower flat,
3 rooms; cheap rent.^_
FULTON, M6— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
HATES, fiE. cor. Laguna— Handsome upper
flat, 8 rooms and bath; sunny; in fine order.
HOWARD. 1418'i— 7 rooms, 7 closets, bath;
rent cheap to good tenant.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; gas;
bath; rent $15.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms and bathtubs; yard. 64
Fair Oaks St.. near Twenty-second.
MODERN 5-room upper flat. 125 Ash av°.. bet.
Polk. Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
MODERN and cheap; 3'i Mearham place, near
Post and Hyde; five convenient rooms.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath: rent $15. 245 Ninth st.
NEW sunny lower flat; 7 large rooms and both:
all modern Improvements; rent $30. 1616 Turk
St., bet. Scott and Pierce.
NEW flat. 6 rooms, bath; 119 William St.. b«t.
Taylor and Jones. Apply at 729 Ellis st.
NICE flat. 8 rooms and bath; modern; rent
cheap. 3397 Sacramento st.
SUNNY upper flat: 5 rooms and bath; 2528V4
Sutter st. ; rent $15.
THIRD. 417H— Latest improved flat; new build-
ing (2 double bay-window sunny suites), 14
rooms and 8 kitchens; suitable 3 families.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3239. bet. Mission and Val-
encia—Sunny flat, garden, cellar; rent $19 50.
VALUE JO, 1123— Flat. 4 rooms, yard. $9: U27
Broadway, up. flat, 5 rms.. bath. $16; reduced.
2 FLATS; upper and lower; rent $7 and $7 50.
244 and 26 Harriet St.. bet. Harrison and Bry-
: ant, Sixth and Seventh.
$10— 5-ROOM flat at Sixteenth and Sanchez sts.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery St.
$12— UPPER corner sunny flat. Apply grocery,
corner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
$18— UPPER flat; 5 rooms; all conveniences. 614
Bhradw tit., one block from Park.
KlltMillt,. FOR SALfB.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. _1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-im Market.
HELP WANTED Agrntii.
DOX'T wait— Get the beautiful California Vol-
unteer souvenir medal immediately and make
money; they are selling fast. I. DANZ'IGER.
212 Battery st.
AGENTS for a neat fast selling little device
In cities; no canvassing. Address DR. SWAN,
Beaver Dam, Wlb.
AGENTS for only dime door-holder; quick sel-
ler- sample mailed; secure territory now.
BARRETT, 1312 Filbert St.. Philadelphia.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month, expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppor-
tunity. Addresa. with reference, BUTLER &
ALGKR, New Haven, Conn.
AGENTS, ladles or gentlemen. If you are not
making good wages, call and see what we
have to offer you. 75 Third t»t , room 17.
H1.1.1' WANTED — Female.
C~Jt HANSEN &CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head waitress, $30. and 2 waitresses, $20, for
commercial hotel, fare one way; 2 waitresses,
M;;<lera fare one way; waitress for commer-
cial dining room, country, $22 50; 2 waitresses.
Sonoru VM For the city we
wont head waitress. $25; head waitress, $22 50;
4 waitresses. $2<J; 3 restaurant waitresses, $6 a
week; fancy Ironer, extra work, $1 50 day and
free fare
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook and second girl who are accustomed to
working for army officers, $45 to $50; second
girl country $20, free fare; houseyirl, An-
tloch, see lady here; houseglrl. Santa Clara,
$ I> o free fare; nursegirl who understands care
of bottle baby, $20, and many girls for cook-
Ing and housework, city and country, $15 to
' 2l> C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
XI'IISERY governess for 3 children; must be
* able to teach German and music; $25; country:
set- party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary et.
A— HOUSEWORK. Oakland, $25. see lady here
Monday morning: Swedish second girl, city,
private family. MISS CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
A~ NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLJ-
NAN. 323 Sutter st.
A WOMAN to cook for men, country, $20.
MISS CULLINAN. 328 Slitter st.
MAN and wife, $30 to $35; country; cook and
roundabout work; call early. MISS D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, institution, $15 to $20; 5 sec-
ond girls $25, $20 and $15. city: waitress, pri-
vate family. $25. P. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— 4 WAITRESSES. $20, $18 and $15; 2 cham-
bermaids and waitresses^ country, $20 each.
V>. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED for Monday— A large number of girls
of different nationalities for all kinds of work,
such as laundresses, cooks, waitresses, second
girls nurses, for city and country at wages
running from $15 to $3" per month; too many
orders to particularly advertise: call and se-
cure a place. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
WANTED — Girl to do second work and wait at
table In family of 4; state age, experience and
salary expected. Address box 3202, Call.
EXPERIENCED girls, also learners, on paper
boxes. 115 Battery St.
OPERATORS on infants" wear; good pay;
steady work. BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework
In respectable family in country: must under-
stand cooking; wages $16. Address box 12,
Mt. Eden. Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' wrap-
pers and waista. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market
- --! = : HELP WANTED — Female.
WA~l?rßD^X~lady of good address to solicit
for "The Automatic" in this city; salary.
Apply bet. 10 and 11 a. m., 342 Post st. „.,,
GIRL for general housework; references. Call
after 10 a. m., 1326 Grove st. . ;
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call at
2935 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework; must be good cook. Apply
1392 Geary St.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work; reference required. 2096 Mission st.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36,£ Fremont st.
WVNTED— A young girl to thread needles on
embroidery machine 224 Bush st.
GIRL to do light housework and mind baby.
Apply at Ninth st. . .
WANTED— good German girl for cooking and
general housework; good wages. Call Mon-
day morning at 3601 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED hand on custom coats. Xlj'.i
Harriet st. . .
GIRL wanted to do general housework and at-
tend to children. 103 Juniper st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
WIDOWER wants old lady to act as house-
keeper and look after three children; must be
strictly temperate; small wages. Box 106,,
Call office.
WANTED— Respectable, neat and capable girl
for housework; wages $15. 710 Hyde st.
WANTED— A woman who is used to nursing.
Apply at 439 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts; power.
A. AARON, 579 Mission St. ■_
WANTED— 2 glove fitters: none without experi-
ence need apply. Box 1046, Call office.
WANTED-Young girl for white se wing : steady
work; German preferred. Call at 404t» l.th
YOUNG girl to assist in housework: 2 in fam-
ily; wages $10. Apply at 314 Page st., be-
tween 12 and 3 p. m. .
YOUNG girl, 14 or 15 years: light housework;
family of 2 adults; good home. 2422 Bush st. _
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on custom
coats; wages $10 up: steady. 116 Phelan big.
PATTERNS'. PATTERNS'. PATTERNS'.
Late patterns arrived; ladies interested in
dressmaking call and Inspect our establish-
ment; our method growing in favor and our
school in popularity: thorough work done un-
der competent teachers; only $1 a week In
sewing department. McDOWELL DRESS-
MAKING SCHOOL. 103 Poßt st.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., at 32^i Fremont st.
are putting in the very best sewing machines;
will take In several hundred more operators;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— GirI for general housework in Ala-
meda; no washing; 6 in family: $15 per month.
Apply 15 Dale place, off Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts; steady employment to good hands. 035
Valencia st.
WANT a neat girl for light housework and
Bleep at home. 2839 Baker st.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer wanted at 1323 Stock-
ton St., New York Millinery.
GOOD makers wanted at 1323 Stockton St., New
York Millinery.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In housework;
$7 per month; German preferred. 301 Bryant.
GIRL for chamberwork. wait and assist; expe-
rienced. Call 742 O'Farrell Ft.
WANTED— A quick ventilator; good wages.
24 Geary st.
WOMEN and girts— Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co.. Ltd., Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED eanners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Branaan st., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVT STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont
st. take elevator.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FAT ladles wanted: good compensation. Apply
at the Olympla, Mason and Eddy eta., bet. 1
and 2 to-day. : v.. '
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 J?an Jose aye.
HELP "WANTED Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want to-day. 64!<5 men and boys, from $125
to $15 per month, board and lodgings, come
and see us: 364 laborers and teamsters, for all
parts of California, including San Francisco,
wages $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day (no experience re-
quired), $45 and found; 6 men as deck hands
(no experience required), boss at our office,
Jla and found
25 laborers for quarry $42 and found
$3 day .9 drillers and hammersmen . $3 day
BIG WAGES PAID.
At mines 37 mines Good mines
197 men wanted as laborers (no experience re-
quired, anybody will suit, you will), wages
$57 per month. Including board and lodgings,
steady Jobs year round, R.R. fare from $1 25;
6 miners, hard rock, double, $2 60 day.
A — s3 75 day, bollermakers and carpenters; 2
boilermakers for a mine. $3 75 day
4 carpenters for ranches, $2 50 day and 'found..
6 carpenters, city jobs, b I.ours, 2 months'
Job. $2 60 day.
A— ...BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS...
15 blacksmiths*, horseshoers and helpers, $3,
$2 50. $2 day, $60, $50, $40, $30 and found
3 machinists, city and country $3 day
ENGINEERS, WAGON MA
Engineer for a sawmill, married. $1000 year
3 wagonmakers. $7S and $2 50 day, steady jobs
..PAINTERS. SASH AND DOOR MAKERS..
Carriage painter, near city $40 and found
Sash and door makers, country; cabinetmak-
DAIRIES '111!"..*.*.*.*." AND' 7.7.7.7.777 FARMS
36 milkers, different dairies.. $25 and found
89 farm, orchard and vineyard amis
$35. $30, $26. $20 per month and found
$3 50 a day 36 balers $3 50 a day
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
C 9 men (or hay and harvest fields, $2 50, $2,
$1 50, $1 25 a day and found, all big. long jobs.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
29 chore men and boys, for all classes of
plucks, bakeries, private residences, stables,
ranches, farms, shop factories, shops, trades
etc.. $30, $26, $25, $20, $15, $10 per month and
found.
9 stable men, city and country jobs. $45, $40,
$30, $25, $20 per month and found. 6 bed makers
672 weodchoppers fare paid. ...tie
makers wanted by the hundreds, $2 50, $2.
$1 75, $1 £0, $1 cord, 13c, 12c, 10c each, tools
and food
IN SAN FRANCISCO
64 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs, $2, $1 75
a day, $40 per month and found
PRIVATE RESIDENCE HELP
7 coachmen and gardeners; also men about
private residences, city and country Jobs, $30
$25, $20
ARE YOU MARRIED?
3 cooks and wives 2 milkers and wives
4 fanners and wives.. 3 waiters and waitresses
1 gardeners and wives
$50, $40, $35 and found!
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A CANDYMAKER; country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
all the railroads but one
(That one we don't sell to is Coast railroad)'
drillers, headermen, splkers, section hands'
muckers, laborers, teamsters, etc • waees
from $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 ciay's't.""
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
29 c00k5.... 555. $50, $45. $40. $35. $30,"525 found
4S dishwashers $30. $25. $20, Jls.' found
32 waiters $35. $30, $25 120 found
6 first hands, 3 second. 4 third hands;' boys
to help in German bakeries, $45, $35 $30 _g5
$20, $15 per month and found: come and 'see.!
LAUNDRYMEN
9 iaundrymen, $35. $30. $25 and found "
Porters, Janitors, shoemakers, pantrymen!
elevator boys, boys to learn waiting etc
- MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
184... FRUIT PICKERS $30 AND FOUND
Men or boys; anybody will suit; 90 days*
6"4°. r 6 36 Clay's^ IL MURRAY & HEADY,
...... ...WE PAY YOUR FARES....
185 laborers for sawmills and woods (no"-I
perlence required): anybody will suit- wanes
$26 to $40 and found: also planing mill help
A so lob men to every position in woods and
mill •••.•-.-.....................
: Head donkey men; crosscut' sawyers'
tally men. setters for mill, screw turn-
ers. sawyers wood turners, mill bench
-•• hands tree fellers, Jackscrewers. lum-
ber pliers, spooltenders, shingle bolt
makers and others; wages $95 $•¥) $«
$SO. $75. $70. $65. $60. $50, $40. $30 and
found. Come and 5ee......
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay's't!"
BOY to feed press and young job compositor
HYMAN BROS.. 12 Montgomery st rooms
13 and 14; to-day.
CAKE baker wanted — American, preferred-
must be thoroughly respectable and good
habits: no Sunday work; steady job to right
party. Apply CALLEY'S Bakery, 2129 Mission.
WANTED— also domestic retail sales-
men; none without experience need aßoly
Box 1046. Call office. ppy
HELP WASTED —
FRivE^FES FREE FARE
'l 0 LABORERS for 'street" VbrkJ' city : -^ard
where you like; P^X once a week; $2 a da> .
5 months' job. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. .
B 1 &BORERS for the woods. $30 and found, **•
8 {why '. C. a HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
To FRUIT pickers for Butte County $1 a day
and found- pond men. $30 and found; garden-
"pSWe. $25: blacksmith, country
-hop" $3 a day:' blacksmith ranch, *40. far-
50c; stableman. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ' ,
8 MEN to help timber a tunnel. $2 a day: 4
Bcraner dumpers, $2 a day; 6 scraper loaders,
$2 a day? C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 CAMP waiters, free fare $25 _ v found:
camp cook. 20 men, $30. C. R. HANSBM *
CO., 104 Geary st. __
FRENCH second cook, country hotel, $60: sec-
ond cook, hotel. city t $60: second cook hotel.
$50; dishwasher, $7 a week; dishwasher ; $30.
i.otwa«=her $7 a week: waiter, $8 a week,
hotelfjsir c H. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
ARMOND SCHLUB, second cook-Telephone to
We«t 41 as soon as possible; important, C.
R. HANSEN & CO. __
qi'viuv 9 and 10 a. m., chef, cook, hotel,
S $70; kitchen hand, $20 ANDRE'S, 316 Stocktn.
DISHWASHER, $20 per month and found. P.
CULLEX. 325 Sutter st. .
YOUNG man with some experience at plumb-
ing; state age and wages expected. Box
1044, Call office. '
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay st.
HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. Apply to A.
WHELTON, Han Leandro.
WANTED— A young man of good address and
energetic to solicit for "The Automatic in
this city; salary and permanent employment
for the right man. Apply bet. 10 and 11 a. m.,
312 Post St.
no DAILY," new gaslight burner for kerosene
lamps; sells itself; sample free. Perfection
Gaslight Burner Co., F. 23. Cincinnati, Ohio.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C^ ,
WANTED— A good cabinet stock cutter; also a
good cabinet maker, at 835 Folaom st.
WANTED- good men. Apply at 22 Post st.
from 7:30 P. m. to 8:30 p. m.. 14th inst.
wanted everywhere to distribute sample*
and advertise California Orange Syrup; M
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup '""~ San Francisco. Lai
PRFSSBOY and young Job compositor wanted.
HYMAN BROS., 12 Montgomery St., rooms
-3 and 14.
GOOD coatmaker for country: good wages. P.
GREENBERG & CO., 29 Flood building.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call "rwHte for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER S BAKBbK
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
JEWELER wanted; experienced man: to go
to Honolulu as foreman: mail references to
W. F. A., hr.x 1077. Call office.
WANTED— 4 good bridge carpenters. Apply
J. WORTHINGTON, S. F. and S. J. V. R.
R.. Pinole. .
WAITERS wanted; $15 per month and room.
515 Valencia st. _—
EXPERIENCED hands on wicker work on
demijohns. 627 Brannan st.
BOY wanted in drug store. Ellis and Buchan-
an FtS. -:'■•■'
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $» 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
in for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOB
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
600 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c .to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6" a, m. to 9p. m.
WANTED— first-class plumbers and gasflt-
ters. Apply THOMAS HAVERTY, 435 South
Broadway, Los Angeles. ■
BAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
"Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
TAKE care of your -hoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
fOc. "Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy who has worked at upholster-
l'ng trade. Apply 341 Hayes st.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up; sole-
ing. 30c up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllls-
ter st.
! MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving In students' department.
SA.ILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
! MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 133S Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J H SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
j SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market ft.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room 25c a night: $1 a week. ■■
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
60 HEAD of horses at auction, 220 Valencia St..
Monday, 'Aug. 14, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer. .;■•,•;-
FOR sale— good horses, weight 1000, 1100, 1250;
also a first-class camping wagon, complete;
this Is a bargain; going away. 1617 Mission.
<F
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse ? " .rket,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE Jersey cow for sale cheap. 1024 Fran-
cisco St., near Larkln.
FOR SALE— A fresh young cow and calf. 4150
Seventeenth st. '" . :
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
7.'TEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Cinlc>n Gate.
HORSES WANTED.
FARMERS— 1 or 2 good sound horse*
I for delivery. 900 to 1050 weight; well chested;
age 3 to 5; price reasonable. Box 1458, Call.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
h~^cTl^ecl?elClio2Tmarket, opp. fifth.
14 rooms on Mission st $375
22 rooms on Geary St.; cost $4000 2000
30- room house on Second st 750
32 rooms on Market st 1200
8 rooms: new flat; very good SOO
30-room house; fine corner
PRICE VERY LOW.
17-room house, new furniture 8",0
12-room house, large yard; downtown.... 400
18 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
A— DO & CO ....77. 22 & GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
$123 t-room flat; worth $250; rent $15.
— 8-room flat, Van Ness; rent $20.
$2500 60 rooms. Third St., corner; a bargain.
a $£000—105 rooms, new, elevator; clears $300 mo,
$1400^—36 rooms, Market: half cash.
j ROOMING house, centrally located; cause of
sale sickness; bargain. COWING &CO 995
■ Market st.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale In Oakland: clears
;iOO month. Apply 503 California St.. room 210.
HOUSES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 66T^MliriteT~str~ N ' > ~*'*~~
2677 Mission; 6 r...520 519',£Stevenson; 8 r..«18
- 1333 Howard; 6 r... 19 820 Jessie: 0r.... 14
774 Folsom: 7 r.... IS 229 Minna: 4r . "l"
147 - Perry; 5 .-...16 1136 Howard; 4 r.. 12
285 Clem' Una; 6 r. IS 537 Jersey; 5 r.. 11
414 Capp; 5 r 15 267 Natoma; 3 r I " I 7 50
FIRST-CLASS new roadside house to lease •'
handsome rooms, large bar and restaurant"
stable, garden, etc.; splendid business cor-
ner; on Ocean boulevard, opposite Life Sav-
ing station.- DAVIDSON & LEIGH, agents
30 Montgomery st. e> -<-».
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST
15 rooms; rent $40; must sell Monday.... $250
I 28 rooms; rent $50; always fu11... 750
47 rooms; cor.; rent $75; snap; see it!77.125t>
I HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; 3542 Twenty-first
St.; one block from cars; -modern Improve-
ments; large yard; beautiful view; rent $25.
FOR quick sale of your lodging house or furnl-
ture or to buy lodging houses cheap, call
room 2, 100 2 Market st., near Sixth. ,
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LAGUNA 1715-1717—2 nice sunny ; 8-room
houses; bath; newly papered and painted; $30.
MISSION. 2533. nr. 22d-8 large rooms; modern:
electric, gas lighting; water tree, /BOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— A house of 6 rooms; large basement
an.<jL hjabl-?..,.Ai'P.iy .^>, Prosper;; St.-.-.-": ~S
TO LET— Rear house; 4 rooms. 1310% Larkln
street.
TWO fine houses in splendid condition, 3356 and
2802 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12 !
_!____ .■:■:■■■■: i
HOUSES TO LET — Fnrnl«hcil.
_l SN house; choice locality; rent $30: desire j
to sell contents; bargain for any fene contem-
plating housekeeping. Box 1421, Call.
DETACHED sunr.y furnished residence; 8
rooms; rent $50. Apply to-day, 622 Stanyan
-■■.;st.y. near % Haight.
FLAT, 1 rooms, bmh; furnished complete; rent
reasonable. 911 Cni'P St. j
BIRCH AYE., 5, off Larkin— 4 rooms and bath; I
nicely furnished
HOI S_S WANTED.
WANTED — House of 7 to 9 rooms by respon-
sible party of 4 grown persons; will pay good
rent if modern improvements and house suits.
Address box 3201, Call.
WANTED— Furnished cottage or fiat: 4 to 6 i
rooms; give price and location. Address box ]
144*. Call. I
_O5>T AM) tUI.NO.
LOST— On Geary st., bet. Hyde hnd Franklin,
out of a phaeton, one liglu-colored Kersey
blanket with letter B on one side; also the
cushion. Return to the St. Lawrence stable,
423 I'ost st.. and receive reward.
LOST— Lcdy's watch, near Twenty-fifth and
Mission, or Twenty-first and Mission, Satur-
day evening. Address box 1267, Call office.
STRAYED or stolen at Belmont. Aug. 5. St
Bern • bitch, S mos. old; orange and white,
black facings, white upon forehead; no ques- •
reward. Mrs. M. whall, Belmont.
a ST. GEORGE dollar oxydlzed watch-charm: |
finder call manager Wleland Brewery: reward. |
RETURN fox terrier bitch, marks on head, to
45 Stockton St., room 1; $25 reward.
LOST — Black and tan setter pup; answers to
Crack; reward. 741 Fillmore st.
LOST on Market st— A cameo locket; suitable |
reward. .1. R. LINEN. 3 Eddy st. \
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never falls ~10 restore
Instantly all ca— of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of- j
fire. $5 positively; no Instruments used; safe j
and sure; cure at any time when others fall; i
absolute success and safety guaranteed: tray- j
e'ers helped at once; can return home same j
day; save time and expense by consulting i
first the only reliable ladies' physician of !
long and sue es.-fu! practice; confidential ad- ;
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m. ;
to Dp. m. : Sundays 9 to 4. !
A RE, safe and speedy cure for all female I
diseases; all those who are sick or discour- |
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend: a home for^ patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi- j
tal am! privacy of a home: consultation free
and confidential; home treatment. $5: no in- ;
etrumer.ts used: satisfaction guaranteed or !
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours, i
1C to 12. ! to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what- '
ever cause): safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have led: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
tame day; no instruments i ed; cure at of-
fice. {5; home !n confinement: skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else- !
where. MRS. DII WYETH. 942 Post St., bet. I
Hyde and T-irkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to S j
p.m.: Sundays. 10 to 12 an.l 2 to • p. m.
THE only place for ladies to consult In all
cases of female complaints: best male expert
physician: we guarantee absolute success at !
once: no pain or after effects; we have never
a singit- failure: we treat by the latest scien-
tific methods: positively no instruments; self-
cure, $5, guaranteed: nice private home; sep-
arate rooms in confinement; best of care; i
kind assistance f r r the unfortunate; price '
reasonable. The Pacific Coast Sanitarium,
Office 1206 Market st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
curt- for ull female complaints: private hi me !
in confinement; every comfort: infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention: In- '
stant relief for travelers: all those who are i
sick or discouraged should call; they will find j
a true frlen.i md adviser: consult free; self-;
cure, $5: can be used at home.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies. '
.... all Invalids, men and women;
'1 years' practice; safe and ruick cure guar-
anteed : nny »ii«<*nse or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kin.l symr thy nnd id; sure relteT.
though cisc fall; delicacy, privacy, home. |
etc.. babies adopted; travelers treatrl: no de- :
lav »elf-curt- sent: call or write: free: eonfi-
d»'ntial. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market St..
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical scl- |
ence for female troubles, from whatever |
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how lons Etanding; travelers helped
at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5: restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consult
free: ladies' physician. Practice 37 years.
DX. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES! — Chlchester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are • ■■■ best: safe, reliable: take no
other: fend 4c stamps for partic !ars. "Relief
for Ladies." in letter by return mall; it druic-
gtsts. Chich»ster Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa
A— DR. G. V.'. Di iN NELL world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. 0 Dunne!!
has treated successfully n-.ore cas.es of irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
fails to cure: consult him Irst. save time and
money: treatment can be used at h-ir.;e: con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023>4 Market st.
PR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-7 Clay st., San |
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
nnd " to ft o. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
f female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In "4 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free, confidential :
home treatrnent.ss. MP.S. ALLEN. 22B Van Ness.
WANTED— Those having rancer or ....
write for free book on home treatment of this
diFease by absorption. Address DR. C. MA-
SON. Chatham. N. V.
A^-DrT AND MRS SILVA. 21fi% Mason St.—
Private home In confinement; ladies' friend
in trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced.
PRIVATE home In confinement, by German
midwife; Infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for Invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2.' 1 f.3.
UU PRAE'Si F*male Regulating Pills: safe and I
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH- i
ARDS <t CO.. drucei:-ts. 4P6 Clay, sole agents. I
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: infants adopted
MRS M. PFEIFFEK. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Ft.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back. ss up.
MRS ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 1. r »6 Second st.: tel. Green 52.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
p^e' of the human body. 11"- Mason ft.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
CALL at 137 Beale; St.; and pen the greatest
placer machine on earth.
DON'T sell <"ontral Eureka st i k before you
«eg R. L. CHENEY. "A <""allfornla st.
.MINKS AMI MINING.
FREE information on oil lands; 6 weeks' re-
cent investigation of- tho California oil dis-
tricts- office hours, 11 to 12 and 4 to 5. C. S.
\<>V.y<i. 11 Montgomery st.. .'. F.
1 i-i i i 1 .\ •• . (<l "•> — lor sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. f Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale— Oil stock; any part of 10,000 shares
in the Coalinea ■II field. RICHARDS _
RICHARDS 206 McLaughlin building, Los
Angeles, Cal.
FOR sale— l pair 54x16 in. boilers: 1 only 42x14
in. boilers. Inquire of J. C. BAKER. Sec-
ond and Jefferson Ms , Oakland, or 330 Mar-
ket st . room 61fi, San Francisco.
ANOTHER fine typewriter cheap; get sample
of work. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Mont-
gomery .st. a
CHEAT Dane, bull terrier, collie dog. DRES-
NER, salesyard, 1732 Market st.
JULIAN aye., IS2. cor. 16th— Lodging-house 11
rooms; all occupied; $130: rent. $16. ■.
ST. BERNARD pups; Grand Master stock: rea-
tsonable. 36 Maple court, off Fourteenth, above _
Gin rrero. !
■ MORE Kennels keep only the best Irish
setters. 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
FOR sale— Two 25-foot flag poles, cheap. W.
KOCH. 572 - tter st.
SQUARE piano (Schoemacher), price $50, at !
040 Haleht st , Monday, bet. 1 and 4 p. m.-
F6R~sale^Bllllard table, 4%x9. complete, at
W. BATEMAN'S, 535 Folsom_st.
FOR sale —St. Bernard dog pup; 5 months old;
well bred; cheap. J. McMANNUS, 3310 Clay.
BARNES saw bench, cheap: foot, hand and'
steam power. Apply 078 Natoma st^
BARS, back bars, mirrors, —cases, coun- ■
trrs. linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-10i<'- in ' J1 Mls-
slon st., above Sixth. ,
■
.MISCELLANEOUS— Sale. .
BARS, counters; showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A 5-STONE opal ring: price $10;' cost $35. UN-
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— A thoroughbred Jersey cow and
calf. Kansas st., bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
i teenth, Potrero.
PURE distilled water ice, $3 50 per ton car-
P loads f. o. b. : $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
i^e Co., 420 Eighth st. S. F.
FOR sale Homeopathic physician's outfit,
books, instruments, etc.; bargain. At 132 Mc-
Allister st.
NEW top buggy for sale: a bargain. Address
"Buggy," box 1451. Call office.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
in. gas engine: 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
NEW (Acme) 3-plate amalgamating concen-
trator cheap. PROSPECT CAMP. Ocean
Beach. ___
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new: cheap for cash or Installments. THE
i BRUNSWICK-BALKS CO.. 655 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento Et.
1 3-H P Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order:
complete: must sell. EPSTEIN. B4S Mission.
A— s3 ;.O DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny •' . near Pine
FINE suit $'J 75: pants $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
2D-HAND engines, boilers, • machinery, dyna-
mos: bought, sold H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
i SAFES^-Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED To lease Exquimo bitch to breed;
dog same breed. Box 9, Call, Oakland.
WANTED -To ire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. ______________
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianns. without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay i; and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoi.l red tape nd publicity; see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 88-6! Donoh i >'- . 1170 Market st.
! LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal- no commission: no delays. J.
NAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
i Sixth: telephone South 14.
I ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
! and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgage* and legacies bought: no de-
i lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
' elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store 846 Market ft.: telephone Main 1644.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bide. 130 Powell st.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye. — Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
I ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
! MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
wit:; ■ indorser. TOUSLE Y. 5?2 Parrott bdg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you ne»"d
more mr-ipy =co H. MT'RPHY 630 Market -t.
I i!
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling j,ood upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargain"
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY &. CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts , San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
i ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaeo Is KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
I 26, 2? and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices :owest; every-
thing possible do.-.c to pleri« and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS! Bargains! G to WKron's Storage
Rooms. 1710 Market St.. and see .-..lother lot
good Standard uprights: vcrv cheap for cash.
I Al PRACTICALLY new Steinway Upright sac-
! rificed. Room 12, Flood building. .
WANTED 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gan?. BYRON M M /.V. 30S Post st.
JACOB ZECH piano: cost $500; must be sold;
I cheap. 5 Mason st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MA U VATS'. >■• Market st.
A DECKER & PON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. M '"■" Ms 1 . 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMIT7. 1 . 16. "'cAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano In On- condition: ol»o
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister ft.
CHEAP Stei way upright; also the famous
Hi rnung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
UPRIGHTS $69 up: installments. $."> " : ' up;
rent*. $2 up (al owed on rale) Heine. '. "■ Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st. " ■-':""■
W G BADGER 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos. _
KNABE pianns: -etv scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
' OFFICES AND STOKES t,e:.
BPRECKELS BLDG.. 527 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light heat. janitor and telephone Included.
ASHTON ft GARDINER. Room 210.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business; (30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leaven— orth ?ts. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent- Store. 831 Howard st : Just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
& CO.. US Montgomery St.
FOR sale or to rent 52 Caselll avenue, near
Eighteenth St., west of Douglass, modern new
house of 8 rooms, nicely decorated : t rent $18.
TO LET Part of store and fine show window
In the best business block on Market st. Ad-
i dress box I""'. Call Office
STORE 506 Howard: Rood location for restau-
rant: rent $16. MADISON & BURKE.
HORSESHOER -established shop, good
location; rent low. 1223 Fell Ft. _
SPLENDID location for first-class dressmaker
or 'milliner: fine store, with living rooms.
702 McAili'ter s ' • nrar Gough.
PALMISTRY.
l7^?E NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. Cl 6 Geary Ft., above Jon**: classy:
of fire, hour* 1 t« i r > m. "-oUri" hr mall II
PARTKsSR- WANTEU.
PAINTER who has had years of experience In
handling men. estimating and all-round work-
man, would like to form partnership with.
painter having an established business. Box
111-, Call. _________————————.
personals:
LADY 20, wishes acquaintance of gentleman,
40. with means, who would assist V-- finan-
cially ; marriage If ml:- Box 1067, <
WANTED to know the address Of WILLIAM
STEWART who enlisted at Governor's
Island in June or July and who passed
through Cincinnati on his way to San Fran-
cisco between the Sth and 24th of July, 1899.
Important. MARIE STUART, College Hill,
Cincinnati, Ohio. -
AMERICAN widow desires acquaintance with
gentleman of means; object matrimony. 22.i
Golden Gate aye.; MRS. PRICE.
REFINED elderly lady desires acquaintance of
elderly gentleman with means willing to loan
$50 for 6 months on new household furniture
as security. Box 1043. Call. .
GENTLEMAN. 39. stranger, wishes to meet
respectable working girl; object matrimony;
no trlfiers. . Box 1048. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of good appearance and with
means wishes the acquaintance of young lady;
can give best of references; object matrimony.
Box 1274, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 36, owns his home, would like
acquaintance of respectable working girl
about same age: object, matrimony. Box
747, call office, Oakland.
BRUNETTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
LEDERER'B Quintonica does not dye the hair,
but freshens and cleanses it; ZJc bottle; see
display In window this week. LEDERER'S
Foamo Shampoo. .",. package. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S artistic hair artists make coif- j
Vires an art study; charges only 25c; switches
$1 up; hair rolls reduced. Lederer, 123 Stockton.
jj per week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape.
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
THE SAN FBAInCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
.'EHSOiVA-S.
I PHYSICIAN in good standing. 30 years of age,
no incumbrances, bachelor, desires to corre-
spond with lady of affectionate disposition:
object matrimony. Address J., lock, box 2135,
Moline, 111. ■■
I A— MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1887: confiden-
tial: list 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.
. NEU" cure for Rheumatism.. MRS. DR. HOP-
■ " KINS. '."■•'< Market St., office 2.
FAT is fatal to beauty and health; we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
MAMA, I want a sombrero; genuine; 40c up.
Mexican store,- 114 Stockton st. '
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
; by F. SCHOETTLER, 329 Kearny st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
. Attorney at Law, ' and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
! San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
\ Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
i chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
i carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
i ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
'■ nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to fl 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T. BRILLIANT. 838-840 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
j A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
DR. CRF.ELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office at Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate.
JAMES A. BORENSEN, watchmaker and Jsw-
! : eler. removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TAXI. 313 Sutter St.-
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: gua'rantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Pine.ab.Krny.
A— dies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold;. tel. Mint :<97. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufaeng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Coll, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
i -tage paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
DEVELOPING, 3' ? x:','4. per spool. 30c. MYERS.
.!.- Fillmore St.: no Japs employed.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON-.
DR OLIVE BRUVER, free treatment dally, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market si., room 6.
DR C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Flats or business property In San
Francisco, worth from $20,000 to $30,000. on
which there is a mortgage of from $10,000 to
115 con We will pay your mortgage and give
you other first-class income property clear of j
! Incumbrance. It will pay you to investigate
I this Send description of what you have or
I calf at office. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, rooms
; 15. 16. second floor, Mills building, or 903
Broadway. Oaklnnd. ;
MODERN residence wanted: convenient dls-
tame from Kearny st F. W.. box 1452, Call.
COUNTRY PROPERTY WASTED.
I W r \'>TTF.l>^^^"oo,l farm or fruit ranch in any '
■ o'f'the !>ay counties, valued at from $10.0fi0 to
I 115.000 in exchange for first-class inome busi-
ness corner- nts well and has good future;
clear of mortgage. WILLIAM J. m.N'GEE,
Mills building. S. F. : '■■■■:: Broadway. Oakland.
RKAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
__z~
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
INVESTMENTS.
$5500— Pays 17 per cent per annum; 6 flat? t-n
Al condition; lot 50x75.
$3"00— Block and a half from Market and
■ Kearny sts.; 6 tenements; rent 136; don fall to
] see this. . . .
i $2500— Pays IIS per cent per month; 4 fine
! Hats separate basements: all In Al condition.
$1700^-Paya IS per cent per annum; 4 fiats; al-
ways rented; mortgage $1000 can remain. .
$1700 Near Market and Kearny sts.; 2-story ,
' house of 7 rooms.
. FLATS.
I $8250 Business property; bakery and flats:
best part of Western Addition; rent $70; 50-foot
frontage. _ ,
$6000— Two modern fiats of 6 and 7 rooms in
best block on. Clayton -:..•• 25x100.
. ji.jiirt—Modern flats on Butter St.; always rent-
ed, lot 27:6x110.
PRESIDIO-AVENUE COTTAGE.
52°0O — Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; mort-
gage of $lfK,O can remain: lot 25x100.
PRF.SIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
j«.-,no— Modern home of 9 rooms and bath near
Central aye.-. lot 32*.x127:fi.
j3ir,ii_coftage of 7 rooms and bath on Golden
Gate aye.; modern; lot KxlOO.
LOTS.
I Jl7OO each— Two lots on Cole St., near Fred-
I crick; side sewer, water and gas connections;
street : • jmlnlzed.
$.'l2Fi buys a nice building lot in the Western
Addition, half a block from Geary-st. cars.
We hold our regular auction sales every
two weeks For further particulars apply to
EABTOW, EIDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market St.
2 MODERN fiats near park, yielding 10 per cent
notion Investment; must be sold. Apply Mc-
EWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
A NEW S-room house near irk: must be sold. j
Apply I day, 622 Rtanyan si., near Haight.
$16.".O— NEW 6-room house and cottage on Hoff-
man aye., Heyman Tract; easy terms; Sunset
Beach lots and cottage close to Golden Gate i
Park and boulevard; to rent or for sale. JA- '
j COB HEYMAN, 18 Montgomery St. _
$750— NEW 4-room and bath cottage, Alvin
Tract Elmhurst. near Oakland: 50x150; easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery St.
(50 TO $50,000 to loan on Ist and M mortgages;
lowest rates. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery st
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need j
—on money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. j
I WILL sell cheap for cash a lot on California |
aye., near Mission st. 126 Kearny St., room 1. j
PEREMPTORY!!
AUCTION SALE.!! .
AUCTION SALE!!!
TUESDAY. AUGUST 22d, 18W.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesroom of
6HAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST..
MILLS BUILDING.
KEARNY STREET
INCOME PROPERTY.
PRESCOTT HOUSE, southwest .'• corner
Kearny and Pacific sts. and Montgomery aye. ;
substantial three-story and basement brick :
. building. Nos. 923 to 931 Kearny St., Nos. 125 to |
331 Montgomery aye.. Nos. 613 to 617 Pacific
st.: nine stores and 100 rooms above; property
has a frontage of over 211 feet by a depth of.
107 feet 11 inches and 137 feet 6 inches; net in-
come in 1898 was $10,209 41; present monthly
rental, $970.
BUSINESS CORNER.
GREEN AND DUPONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER. Nob. 1401 to 1407
I Pupont st.: two stores and flats above; rented
! to one tenant for $70 monthly; lot 29 feet 4-4
Inches on Green St., by 57 feet 6 inches on
Dupont st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. 932 Broadway, north side, 95 feet east of
Taylor St.; cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
grand view of city and bay; rents $17 60; lot
:2 I ,ix62i£ feet, and extra lot 2 by 23V4 feet.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 213-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
, j
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
GET OUR PRICES AND LOCATIONS
AND YOU WILL SURELY BUY FROM US!
$250 to $800— Choicest Sunset and Richmond lots,
ready to build on, $25 down, $10 monthly.
$150 to $300— Lots on the Ocean boulevard and
Park, $10 down, $5 monthly.
i $100— Level Ocean View lots, near electric
; cars. $10 down, $5 monthly.
— Splendid 4-room and basement cottage,
close to Mission st. and cars; easy terms.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL. GETZ _ BRO.. •
Room A, Crocker Building.
$3500; WORTH $7000. :
Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., in Fitchburg; new building, contain-
ing store, saloon, 7 rooms, all Improvements;
In perfect order; fine garden; stable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
sort: must be sold; account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
dro electric car passes door.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 830 Market st. i
REAL ESTATE — CITY — Sal ~
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST. !
INVESTMENTS. I
_, I
$20 Elegant business corner near Market j'
and '(""astro sts; 4 2-story houses, store arid 3|
fiats of 6 rooms and bath each; rent $161; 76x36. j
$18,500— A fine Mission corner: store occupied i
as a grocery; 3 2-story and basement houses of
7 rooms and bath each; 3 stores and living
rooms; 4 flats: total rent $15S; 90x115 to rear st.
$18 000— A fine business' corner in the Western j
Addition: 3 stores. 1 flat and 3-story dwelling; j
rent $112: lot 30x100.
$15,500— Corner on Howard Et. : 2 stores and
living rooms and 4 flats of 7 and 5 rooms and
bath each; rent $90; brick foundation, etc.;
large lot, 35x122:6.
$9000— Business property on Clay st., opposite
the Plaza; 2 stores and upper flat; rent about
$35 per month.
$3700— fine corner Investment on Pacific st. ; j
2 cottages of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rent $31 50; should be changed Into 4 tenements;
good renting location.
FLATS.
$14 — 4 elegant modern flats; rents $1320 per
annum; EOxlOO; McAllister st.
$12,50*— Rents $1320 per anntyn: 3 houses, con-
sisting of 5 rooms and bath each: 1 houses of
6 rooms and bath each; 55x137:6; Western Addi-
tion: good location.
$12 000—2 modern flats and rear house on Clay
St.; rent $110; 37:3x106.
$6000— Mission warm belt: 2 elegant modern j
flats of 7 and 6 rooms and hath each; stable, ;
etc.; 25x115; 1 block from Market St.; rent $52 50. j
$6750— Half cash; 3 nice new flats on Page, j
st.; fl, 5 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $57 50; ;
25x05. j
$5500— Corner In the Mission warm belt; 25x75; :
2 elegant modern flats of 6 rooms and bath i
each; rents $480 per annum.
RESIDENCES.
$20,500— Western Addition corner residence; 13
rooms, 2 baths, etc.; furnace heated; 47:6x112:6.
$11,000— Elegant modern residence on Web-
ster St.; 16 rooms; hard-wood floors, etc.; fine
marine view.
$10,500 — Corner on Vallejo st. : 2-story modern,
\ residence of 16 rooms, bath, etc.; nearly new.
i
! $80Cfl — Large 2-story residence on Guerrero st. ;
9 rooms, bath, bay-windows, etc.; large lot; 2
frontages; 34x117:6 to rear alley.
$6000 — Mission residence: S rooms, bath, bay-
windows, etc.; rent $1": large lot, 50x122:6.
$5125 — Presidio Heights residence; 7 rooms,
bath, bay-windows, brick foundation, etc.;
mortgage $600.
COTTAGES AND LOTS.
$2800— O'Farrell-st. cottage; 4 rooms, bath,
etc.; 27:6x137:6.
j
$2500— Cozy Western Addition cottage of 5 j
rooms ami bath, hay-windows, etc. ; close to j
Haight and Fillmore sts.
$1(500 — Nice corner cottage, nearly new; 4 !
rooms, stable, etc.; 3 lots, 75x80.
$1250— Cozy Mission cottage: will sell on In- I
stallments; part cash; 42x140:6%.
We are offering on very easy terms the lots
at Waller and Steiner sts. of the German Sav-
ings and Ix>an Society; ' Street work done com- |
plete: lots all ready to build on, terms one ]
I fourth cash, balance at 7 per cent; only a few ;
j left.
$1250 and upward— Choice building lots; very
cheap; Noe, 14th and Henry sts.; 1 block from ;
Market St.; 25x115 and 25x105 each; level, on. I
grade and ready for building; offered at very |
low prices, and being so nicely located are sell-
ing rapidly.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for sale
in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
i. , .
| O. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST. I
IMPROVED.
35x137:6— Hayes St., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
rent $90; $13,500.
62:6x137:6— Taylor st., near Pine; IG-roora \
house; rent $50; $10,000.
50xN0 — Corner Mason and Lombard: 2-story
house; 2 flats and' stable; rents $3S; $10,000.
38:9x137:9— Union St., near. Dupont; 2-story
brick building; rents $66 50; $8500.
20x65:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $8000.
25x80 Fourth St.. near Harrison; store and
flat: $6800; sale urgent. .
46x50 Greenwich, near Taylor: three 2-story •
houses;' re-nts $54", $0250.
112:6x37:6x87:6 Cor. Kearny and Greenwich: 1
10 2-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
25xlU0— Pacific aye.. near Polk; 2 flats and |
rear house; rents $45; $5250.' .
22x6S:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight :
rooms and bath; $4500.
24:3x69:9— Green St.. near Powell; new mod-
ern bay-window flats; rents $38: $4500. j
25x122:6— Shotwell st., near 21th: 2 flats: $3800.
50x90— Lombard St.. near Stockton; house of
10 rooms and bath: $4000.
i 31x122:6— Howard, nr. lSlh; cottage; rents $16.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2 I
flats: rents $24; $2500. I
25x100— Lyon. near Geary: cottage; $2250.
23x60— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000. ;
22:11x68:9—230 Francisco St.. near Stockton; 2-
story house and large basement; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central are.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
23x100— Florida St.. north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
25x110 Scott St.. near Washington; $3750.
80x71.10 — SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
: — Cor. 22d and Noe sts.: $2200.
! 37:4^4_1S7:*— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
2"xlOO— Valencia, bet. l"th and 14th: 4 lots.
260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x187:6 8. Frederick, west of Cole.
i McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F.
RENTS $65: PRICE $6500.
3 good flats on Larkin St.; pays 1 per cent
| gross; lot 24x100.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Best buy In the city: beautiful lots on Paci-
iv Heights, with marine view; will be sold at
| a grand bargain; send for plat.
$13.0 ■
Fine residence of 12 rooms on Pacific Heights;
i marine view; lot 88:10x137:8.
BARTLETT STREET.
Near 21st: 2 good flats of 5 and 6 rooms; rented i
for $40: lot 25x125; price $5000.
•5000.
Three fine flats on Minna St.. near Sth: rented
for $47 monthly; a good safe Income property.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Store and 3 flats; rented for $40; lot 22:11x80;
price $3750.
POST, NEAR LARKIN.
Fine lot, 25x100. to rear street; residence of ■
10 rooms: fine for doctors' offices; cars pass; i
price $10,000.
GREEN STREET.
North side of Green, near Van Ness: any
i size lot, with depth of 205 feet; $115 per front
foot.
NEAR AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
Fine lots, with view of the city; $800 to $1100. j
McAFEE BROTHERS. McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$9500— Scott St.. near Washington, facing
Alia Park; 8 rooms.
$7500— Scott, near Union; fine bay view; 8 .
rooms and attic: new and artistic. . J
$6000— New flats: Clayton st., near Haight and
the Park; rents $600 per annum; easy terms.
$5600— New flats. Frederick, near Clayton and !
the Park: rents $630 per annum: easy terms.
$4500— Howard, near Eighteenth; 8 rooms and j
i bath: reduced from $5500; a bargain.
$3250— Flats; Hartfcrd St., near ''astro and j .
19th; 4 and 5 rooms and baths; rents $27 50.
$3500— Cottage In warm belt of the Mission; 5 j
rooms and bath, hlsh basement; make offer. i
$2800— Corner lot; Fifteenth St.. near Valencia; : ;
choice for flats: light for every room.
$9000- Corner lot; finest view of bay and Pre-
eldlo In the city; NW. Larkin and Chestnut;
145:6x139:6, or In subdivisions, as follows:
$3000 for corner. 37:6x139:6. = ..-:,-. . ■ ■■:■■ -
$1600 for inside lots. 27x139:6; California and !
Hyde st. cars in one block; easy terms.
Also numerous other residences. Investments :
and lots. HAWKS A- SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
$120,000 00— AN excellent piece of business prop- :
erty; one of the very best corners in town, ]
paying 6'^ per cent net on the price asked for |
the same. For particulars address K. J., Oak- j
land, this paper.
$3000 WORTH fully $5000 00, for an excellent I
lot with two story building, situate on north-
west corner of Twenty-third and Dolores sts.; ! .
place must be sold, consequently have reduced
the price accordingly. Address for particulars '
to K. J., Oakland, this paper. . ..- '-'.; j
$50 TO $50,000 to loan on Ist and 2d mortgages;
lowest rates. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT cottages; Guerrero St.. nr. Twenty- |
seventh; modern Improvements. HENRY
FEIGE, builder. 1024 Capp St. '
$1250— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27%x100. Dia-
mond st., between 19th and Bit-, - |
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
d nd Douglass »ts. : must be sold; 80x114 feet. •
$2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; LOx •
137:6 feet. • •
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye..
near Webster st. ; lot 80x127 :SV4 feet.
$5000— STORES & flat, with estab. meat market; i
i Oakland. G. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery. |
! REAL ESTATE— — For Sale.
A— GREAT BARGAIN.
t NICE COTTAGE.
$5900— Worth $7000; fine modern flats on Ash-
bury st., near Fell; only a few steps from the
park; contain 6 and 7 rooms, baths, etc.; a good
$4750— Splendid, modern: Liberty St.. near Do-
lores; contains 8 large rooms: porcelain bam.
hot-air furnace and all conveniences; fine view;
an ideal home, in the warm belt of the Mission.
■:!■' Nineteenth St.. near Mississippi; not far
from the Union Iron Works; contains 4 rooms,
bath. etc. :• furniture, etc.. Included.
Worth J8000; Devisadero St.. bet. lay
and Washington; nice bay-window residence/
rooms, bath, hot-air furnace and all conveni-
ences.
$2300— Rent $21; Langton st.. near Seventh and
Bryant: 2 good flats. 1 and 5 rooms each. •
$4750— Rent $43; Folsom St.. east of Ninth; lot
2.ixSo; store and flat above.
$8250— Three handsome new flats close to the
park; up to date in every respect: marble steps.
etc.; sun in every room; best bargain m the
market ; rent $80.
$5000— Washington St., near Powell; 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot. 40x77:6;- building covers
only portion of lot.
$8500— Rent $72; Mason St.. near Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$4900— Fine flats: almost new; on Golden Oate
aye.. near Baker St.: 2 flats. 6 and 7 rooms, etc.;
lot 25x100; cost owner over $7000; must be sold.
A DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$15.000— Investment; close to Ellis and
Hyde sts.; store and flats; large lot; pays well.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$6250— Modern residence. Oak St.. near Ash-
bury; contains 9 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x
137.6; can be bought on desirable terms.
$1900— Noe St., near Nineteenth; 25x105, with I
good cottage of E rooms, bath, etc.; rent ?ln;
ie a good investment or home.
$5750— Sutter St., near Devisadero; lot 34:4M>x
137:6, with 2-story residence containing 9 rooms
and bath, etc.; also stable.
$1200— Great bargain; Harrison St.. near Twen-
ty-fourth; lot 26x100, with cottage of 3 rooms.
$2500— Rent $20; Fifth ave. ,. near D St. ; 2 flats,
5 rooms each; lot 25x120.
$2SOO— Pacific St.. near Hyde; store and flat
above; also rear house; lot 26x75. .
$2100— Clement st., near Fifth aye.; modern
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100; stable in rear.
Nineteenth st., near Noe; lot 25x114;
rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
:,-;;, BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A NEW BLOCK
FACING THE PARK.
This is the first advertisement of the new
block just subdivided and placed on the mar-
ket, fronting: on Golden Gate Park, H st. and
19th aye. boulevard. All streets on official
trade, curbed, macadamized, etc. Every lot
on grade with street. These lots are the only
ones facing the Park for sale at anything like
the prices at which we are offering these beau-
tiful lots.
ONLY $500 AND UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest on deferred payments only 6 per
cent. Remember cars pass the property; no
walking over sand dunes. Grand marine view.
Opposite Strawberry Hill and Stow Lake, close
to the new music stand, etc. This property Is
bound to increase In value. The lots are all
ready for home builders. Go and Bee them to-
day. Secure your choice. Agent on the prop-
erty Sundays. We have a branch office at n
St. and 9th aye.. open dally, including Sun-
days and holidays, where you can get full par-
ticulars, or call or send to our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
IF YOU
want to throw your money away each month,
keep on paying the landlord. He takes your
money monthly in advance, and in return
gives you the use of the house for that month.
One month's rent not paid out you go. With
this same rent money that you now throw
away I can give you a modern home. You do
not have to pay me in advance, and every
month you pay me you own Just that much
more of the house. You have to pay but a
very few years and your home is then all paid
for. It is yours, and no more monthly pay-
ments. All this with the same money that
would have gone to the landlord.
4, 5. 6 room homes In a good location, all
street work done, and only one block from
the electric cars, on easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
FROM MARY TO JOHN:
Dear John: I have some news to tell you.
Last Sunday I was reading the ads In The
Call, and saw OSCAR HEYMANS "Homes
for your rent money" ad. You know that
we have been paying rent for 5 years and
have nothing to show for all this money. I
have seen these homes and they are Just what
we want. The terms are so very easy and we
will have no trouble In paying our Install-
ments. I am going to buy one of these
homes and shall not pay another month's
rent. Your wife, MARY.
New 4, 5 and 6 room homes on easy monthly
payments. on<- block from car lines, and all
street work done.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
ONLY 1 more of those new 4-room and bath |
cottages left; $12 50 a month buys it; 3 mm- i
utes' walk from Mlssion-St. cars; In the Mis- ;
sion warm belt. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post.
$60 PER lot— IS lots, cor. Thirty-sixth aye. and
M St., 25x120 each; a map. O. D. BALDWIN
ft BON, 22 Montgomery st.
$1400 RENTS $20: 3-story house in good con-
dition, Julian aye. bet. Fourteen" and Fif-
teenth, Valencia and Mission. O. D. BALD-
WIN & SON. 22 Montgomery s.t.
$3200— Twenty-sixth St., near Mission, 43:6x100;
large house of 30 rooms; will pay $60 per
month If alterations are made: mortgage of
$2500 can remain at 6 per cent. O. D. BALD-
WIN & SON, 22 Montgomery St. ;
RENTS $100 per month: Clay, near Brod-
erick: new modern flats. 7 and 10 rooms each.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$6000— SHRADER St.. near Oak. few steps from I
P. irk entrance: Oak and Page st. electric !
cars; fine residence, 0 rooms and bath; fur- I
nace, etc. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery st. ■
$9000 RENTS $87 50 per month; 8 elegant new
modern flats on P.roderick St., near Oak: 27:6
sIOO. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgom-
ery st. _
$8750— RENTS $S5 per month: 3 new up-to-date
flats on Panhandle: electric cars pass the
door. O. D, BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgom-
ery st.
A M. SPECK ft CO..
667 MARKET ST., OPP. KEARNT.
SELECTED BARGAINS.
— Ellis st. corner, near the Baldwin: 100
X 107; If improved can lease for 10 years at $1-400
per month, guaranteed lease.
$18,000—40 feet frontage on First st., 2 front-
ages; near Mission st.
$12,500— About 100 feet from Market and Sixth
sts., store and 3 flats; lot 50x78; rents $100.
$10,500 — Devisadero St. corner, near Clay; lot
68x110 feet; make offer. .
$10,000— Geary st. ; downtown; lot 25x137:6 ft.
$8500— Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 2 good
flats; want an offer. .
$5200— Six flats; vicinity Hibernia Bank; rents
$650 yearly.
$3500 — Ten-room residence; near Golden Gate ;
aye.; lot 37:6x137:6. I
$3000— Mason-st. bargain; must sell; lot 35 feet
frontage; 2 houses.
$1500—3 flats; near Mason and Clay stg.; rents
$20.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank. ■'
$30,000— Business property yielding a yearly
rental of $3000. For description call at the i
office.
$3soo— Rent $47: a splendid investment, on
Geary st.: 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 5
rooms and bath each.
$5500— A nice property on Spear st., bet. How-
ard and Folsom.
$25.000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $257: Lar-
ki;i St., south of Geary; .stores and flats; a dead
bargain. -../••
$30,500— Rent $250; a very fine corner near
Market and Sixth sts. : a snap.
$4600, reduced from $5000— A 2-story house of 7
rooms and stable; Fulton st., only 3 blocks
from City Hall: lot 27:6x137:6.
$3850— Rent $45: Webster st., near Washing-
ton; a fine double flat. 6 rooms and bath each.
Several fine properties on McAllister St.
$10.000— Three excellent 2-story bay-window
houses on.Halght St., 3 blocks from Market;
lot 55x137:6: rent $75.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest cor-
ner 65x1000 feet; Improvements of 3 stores and 3
flats above and 2 cottages, all rented; there is
a fortune In this property.
sT^A R pV^ SCO snaps: snaps.
THIS WEEK. ONLY.
You missed It on some of them we sold- last
week..
Don't be behind time this week If any of
these suit you. ../.;;.-•- ' '
$800— $10 per month; 5 rooms, bath; new and
first class in every respect; at Sunnyslde.
$1000— $12 IT) per month; same locality and
size, but has basement and larger lot.
$1000— $12 BO per month: 5 rooms, large lot;
plenty of flowers; San Rafael. .
$1350— $1S per month: 7 rooms; close to Hotel
Rafnel- excellent locality and large grounds.
the' home BUILDING COMPANY,
Room 2. 222 Sansome St., S. F.. also Frultvale
station. ■ '■
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
MODERN RESIDENCES.
I GRAND MARINE VIEW
Just completed: en the northwest corner of
Vallejo and Flllmore sts. : finished in hard
wood; natural finish throughout.
Houses open for inspection daily from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Our representative will be on the
premises.
Call and see them to-day.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
$50 TO $50,000 to 1. an on Ist and 2d mortgages;
lowest rates. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged end you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
NEW HOMES... • '■
Five. 6. 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to $4cf!o: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. i
REAL — CITY — Fop Sale.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth, Eighteenth. Noe and
Hartford sts.; Just placed on market; offered
cheap nt very easy terms.
Retail business block, Sixth St., near Mis-
sion; always rented; large lot; two frontages;
paying b!g interest on amount asked.
$8250— St., near Van Ness aye.; 27:6x120
to rear street: 9 rooms and bath.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan: lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low, $65; only $7250; make offer. .
$6500— Seventeenth St., near Capp: dwelling
and lot, 60x110.
14800- Bush St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x127:0.
$5250— Gough st., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath, laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$3500— Guerrero st., near Twentieth; 25x100,
two flats renting for $25.
$5000 — O'Farrell st. near Devisadero; three
houses; rents $42 per month; lot 45xS0.
$29CO— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-third st., neai
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
Chattanooga Ft., near Twenty-third; 2
flats; rents $18; lot 25x117.
$2500— Church st., near Twenty-eighth; store
and flats: 25x100.
$2600— 22d, near Sanchez; 6 rooms and bath,
25x101.
$1800— Diamond St.. near Nineteenth; 6 rooms
and bath; rents $12 50; lot 25x125.
$1200— Greenwich st., near Steiner; 20x80, and
house of S rooms.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octa-
via St.; 50x12J:8.
Corner on Haicht and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. •
Sutter St., near Buchanan; 26:3x57:6; $3935.
$2000— California st.. near Broderick; 24:0x«2:6.
Eighteenth St.. comer Diamond; 25x75; $2250.
$3f.00— Bryant St.. near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1600— Filbert St., corner Buchanan: 25x90.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J fit.; 25x120.
$800— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
$500— Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.
Twentieth St., corner Douglas*: 30x110.
$800— Holly Park lot, Plymouth aye., near
Mission road: 2".x < *. : -.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
ONE of the finest residences in the city, the
very best location; ground will be worth
double the price in two years; residence al-
most new and all the latest modern appli-
ances; 18 rooms, electric lighting and elec-
tric work throughout; fine modern stable for
8 horses or more: everything In first-class
order. J. H. GILMORE. 321 Montgomery st.
FINE 60-vara lot, with big future of improv-
ing In value: suitable for residences or flats;
wfil sell reasonable for cash. J. H. GIL-
MORE, 321 Montgomery st.
EXCHANGE Chicago real estate for San
Francisco or vicinity real estate. Address
box 1455, Call office. _
$1900— 2- FLAT house, near New City Hall: on
Tehama st. Apply 517 Bank St.; no agents
REAL. ESTATE COLNTKY — For Sale
A BARGAIN— Must be sold on account of sick-
ness; ranch of 32 acres, In Sonoma City,
within ten minutes' walk from station: all
in full bearing vines and fruits: fine dwelling
house of 9 rooms; large barn and stable; new
windmill and tanhhouse; plenty good water;
farming implements: everything in good con-
dition: crops go with the place. For full par-
ticulars address M. JOOST & BRO., t>lB
Gough St.. San Francisco.
$2500 CASH or exchange for house and lot In San
Francisco— A good ranch of 311 acres; 100 un-
der fence in creek bottom; 9 miles from Red-
ding; nearly all level; plenty fine oak timber;
5-roomed house, barn and outbuildings; bot-
tom land in cultivation; clear of incum-
brance;. will assume small mortgage. CHAS.
W. POPE. 11 Montgomery st.
SWAMP LANDS—
4612 acres in Solana County, bounded by
cache Slough on west and south, Prospect
Slough on east; price $2 60 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale to highest bidder— l6o acres timber
land. 7 miles from Lake Crescent. Clallam
County, Wash., ' 2 mile along river: large
creek; mountain spring waterfall; all kinds
of game; large trout and salmon; 2 acres
clear. Address E. A. 8.. P. O. Seattle, W ash.
OREGON— For sale, a beautiful and profitable
home in the Willamette Valley; 57 acres;
good buildings: fine fruit and water: near
town. Box 59. Philomath, Benton Co., Oregon.
A GENTLEMAN'S residence with exclusive
grounds In adjoining city for sale cheap or to
exchange for a clear property. Address box
1215. Call.
FOR sale cheap or exchange for clear property,
improved and unimproved, In a neighboring
city . Address box 1217. Call Office.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. 6th floor. Mills blJg.. S. F.
$600—160 ACRES, Lake Co., close to town; 75
acres of sandy loam soil; balance hill land,
pasture and timber: spring water: good house,
barn, etc.; 1 acre bearing orchard; school
convenient.
$1100—25 acres; half a rr.'le from Clear Lake;
17 acres garden soil, balance hill land; 7 acres
in alfalfa. 4 acres vegetables; 140 fruit trees
Just bearing; 5-room bouse; new barn, stock
>=heds etc new steel windmill; 8-ton hay and
farming tools. C. F. MOORE. 955 Market st.,
room 6.
RANCH of 2365 acres for sale; 1200 acres No. 1
wheat land: balance good grazing land:
abundance of running 'ater: good house of 6
rooms and basement: 5 acres fenced with
rabbit proof wire netting: running water to
irrigate 5 acres; most of the ranch fenced.
Apply to S. A^FENWELL. West Berkeley.
$4000—6 ACRES sandy soil: all in assorted bear-
Ing fruit; 2-story 8-room house; barn; chicken
houses; 15 minutes' walk from postofflce.
GEO. C. YOUNG. Petaluma.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 103.'. Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 14A Geary St., nice sunny front suite for
light housekeeping; very reasonable.
AT 322 Rltch St.. nr. Brannan and 3d— Unfur-
nished flat, 4 rm.. $? mo. Apply '."' South Prk.
-— ~
ELLIS'. 722—3 unfurnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor suite. 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpsr. : single or en suite.
FOLSOM. 1136— 3 nice sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOURTH. 120— Nicely furnished front rooms;
complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
GEARY, ISl2%— Three comfortable furnished
rooms for housekeeping: rent $15.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas; yard; . basement. '
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 1404— Connecting rooms;
$12; single front parlor . ____
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms furnished for house- :
keeping; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. 113014— Newly furnished sunny bay- !
window suite, light housekeeping; private.
IVANHOE. 11)02 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
Funny: fur. hkpg. suites (3 to^r, r.). $15 up: ref.
MARKET. 1724, near Polk— 2 complete house-
keeping rooms: new and clean.
MARKET. 2482— Large sunny housekeeping
room; grate and large closet; $6.
MASON 1111—3 large, nicely furnished rooms:
light housekeeping if desired.
MINNA, 673, near Seventh— 2 large rooms, all
complete; sunny: cheap rent; yard.
MISSION, Mi — rooms; bedroom and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1125% — 3 connecting rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, $3 [■•■• week. .
OCTAVIA, 411— Large sunny single room; clean
and pleasant; oil stove and dishes if desired;
$4 75 per month. . s
PERRY, 166—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; very convenient.
PINE, 1300—2 front corner furnished house-
keeping rooms; folding bed; gas range; $15.
SECOND. 127— Sunny housekeeping rooms. $1 50:
single rooms, $1 per week.
SIXTH, 216 1 ,4— Nicely fur. sunny front rooms
for light housekpg., $1 75 per wk. up; -uiet.
SIXTH, 420— Connecting housekeeping rooms;
double and single; bath, etc. — ■:: ■ _ •, \
SIXTEENTH, Sunny . furnished, with or
without housekeeping; every convenience.
SOUTH PARK, 184, near Third— 2 sunny front
rms.; nicely furn; for light hkpg.: rent $11.
ST. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites: also hskr <•-■ : terms reasonable.
TURK. 209, near Jones— Front, sunny, large,
neatly furn. rm.. kitchen, hot, • cold water.
VALENCIA, Nicely furnished sunny
room; closets; bath; ga*<; housekeeping; rea-
sonable.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath; other rooms. r-,
> ROOMS TO LET— Furn. anil Infnrn.
_'_-__ _ ' ___ JV _^-J f _T_ r _-.__-_. _,-^T^ x> -»^_n_^.^_n_^.f_f._T lJ .-_,'
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and.
light housekeeping: open all night.
ABBOTSFORL) (The), cor. Broadway and Pollc
; yuiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny.
Ingle, suite: charges .moderate; cars direct.
'• AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
A— SUTTER. 715-717-831 reasonable; ap-
preciated if seen; please Investigate.
AT 52 Second-Nice single, double and light
I housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
I AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— mangt.. renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
: BRADY. 44—2 or 3 rooms and yard; cheap to
j small family. '_
I BURNETT,. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
, BUSH, 830%, near Taylor— furnlshem
room for gentleman in private family. $10.
I CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat*
aye.— Sunny corner: well turn, rms. & offices.
i CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 473— Two bright sunny rooms; gas, run-
j ning' water: well furnished; $■". 18 month.
! EDDY 614— Small sunny front room nicely fur-
i nished; closet, bath, folding-bed; private
family; clean and quiet; $S.
EIGHTH, • I" I*,1 *, near Market— Furnished sunny
front room. _^
ELLIS, 111— Newly furnished rooms. singl° or
en suite: new mangt.; day, week or month
UNWELL House. 47 Post— New management:
all rms refurnished: suites and single; baths.
FOLSOM, 776% Large furnished room to rent.
very convenient.
I FOURTH, 222% (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms: also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY. 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites; $2 per week up; also housekeeping.
! GEARY. 405 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. Hi Eli.
! GEARY. 60S Elegantly furnished parlors . for
rent; also single rooms; bath. -
! GEARY, 691— Two unfurnished rooms, with
stove, bath and closet.
! JEARY 710, near Leavens 2 neatly fur-
niHhed rooms, $7 an 1 $4 per month; gas, bath,
. GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor Seventh and
Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator^
GROVE, 20S, near Van Ness aye.— To let, a nice
sunny front room cheap; rent $5.
HANCOCK Hous*. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
; HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Two
single bedrooms; separate; one sunny. ch>-ap.
I HARRISON, 7S4H, near Fourth— Nice furnished
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike: $1
i week up. *
' HAWTHORNE. 34, bet. 2d and 3d, nr. How-
', ard—Newly fur. single, doub. rms.. $1 wk op.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton-
Sunny jultes. single rms.; elev.; free baths.
! HOWARD, «29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1217— Large room; suitable for 2;
I rent reasonable. | . _ _.' :
JESSIE. 608— Nice sunny furnished rooms, dou-
ble and single; private; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 706— Two or three sunny front rooms;
{ light housekeeping.
! LARKIN 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
I en furnished; yard; $9; double room fur.. $<■
LEWIS. 16, off Taylor— 4 bay-window rooms,
$15, and two partly furnished rooms. $8.
MARKET. 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET 103714 (The Epworth)— ss to $20 per
month; $1 25 to $5 per week; clean and re-
: spectable^ •
MINNA, 140 nr. Third— Nicely furnished front
rms.; suitable for 2; also single; respectable.
MINNA, 172, nr. Third— front rooms;
suitable for 2; also single.
MINNA. 667 cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per v.eek: transient.
MISSION. 846, near Fifth— 3 choice large front
sunny bay-window rooms; also single.
MISSION. 1241 — Two connecting front rooms.
for two only.
NATOMA. !4fi'-j A nice sunny furnished front
room; rent reasonable.
NINTH. 86— For rent, furnished back parlor;
suitable for 2; running water, with bath; rent
$3 per week or $10 per month.
I OCTAVIA, 1103. cor Geary— Large front bay-
I window: mantel; closet: gas; for 2. $S; 1, $6.
! O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
j offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
' O'FARRELL, 537— Large room; suitable for one
j or two gentlemen.
I O'FARRELL. 776— Large back parlor; suitable
for 2 gentlemen: grate, gas and bath.
POLK 717— Nicely furnished rooms, $0 and $3;
light' housekeeping. "
POST, 622— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUN.
POST. 527, nr. Mason— Front neatly furnished
room; suitable for 2 gents; also one single.
POWELL, MBA Finely furnished rooms, suite
i or single; bath; private family; gentlemen
! only. _____
i POWELL. 612 A —Large sunny front rooms;
j new flat: newly furnished.
ROYAL House,. 126 Kills st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room nnd
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, J2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
I SEVENTH, 230 A —2 newly furnished rooms; pri-
j vate family; new house; $8 and $10.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
! near Furnished and unfurnished.
! SIXTH, 33. nr. Market. Hllledale House— Ele-
; gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
i SIXTH, 136— Rooms for light housekeeping;
I also rooms. '
SOUTH PARK. 131. nr. Neatly furn. small
! rm., sunny, overlooking pretty gardens; $5 mo.
! STEVENSON, 409, above sth— Nice sunny front
i rooms, from $1 up; clean, quiet.
LOR, 117 — Changed hands; furnished
rooms, single nnd en suite. v_
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor. ,
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD. 25— Sunny white rooms; white gas
lights; extra good beds: $1 50 to $3 a week.
THIRD, 106%. near Mission— Seattle— Nlca
sunny room*. $1 85 to $S. •
i TURK. 209, near Jones— Several choice rooms,
i with hot, cold water; under new management.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores -3 sunny
bay-window rooms: complete.
VALLEJO, 1329— Strictly private; 2 nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; marine view; use
of bath: no children. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pases, sent to any address in th«» P
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Room and board in refined family
for 2 young gentlemen; walking distance of
business district; terms reasonable. Address
box 1064. Call.
ONE or 2 rooms for light housekeeping, unfur-
nished, bet. Hayes and Market and Van Ness
and Octavia. Box 1050. Call office.
3 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms for a fam-
ily of 4 adults: north of Broadway, east of
Leavenworth st. Box 1459. Call.
2 OR 3 furnished housekeeping rooms in private
family; no children. Box 1366, Call.
AN elderly German widow wishes an unfur-
nished housekeeping- room; must be central
in private family. Address box 1870, Call.
■ TWO to four unfurnished rooms for lieht
housekeeping. between Van Ness. Geary.
Taylor and . Market sts. Address box 1071.
Call office. ...-.;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I OAKLAND FrRNITURK FOR J»A_li.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaa*. th>
fnrnlturo dewier, nth mul Franklin. 'lakliiiii
»&WJUt<l c ft&IUBS AM» SUI'I'I.I_S.
}2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, Bold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4:,.
. ALL kinds bought, io!d. exchanged, rented: re-
I pairing at lowest rate!'. 705 Fourth st.
! ~~~ ¥ i "IKITIALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium. '
* life' reader, medical clairvoyant. - ■-' Stockton.
____^ — ___—_____-——_—- —
AN honest medium: the truth or no pay; read-
ings. SI. 969 Hayes st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
: CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 23.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Olflce 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel Main .'713
Additional Classified Advertisements
on Page 18.
1718
SPECIAL NOTICES.
~ —^SAVE~YOUR HAIR
We restore gray hair to its original color in
3 months; cure all kinds of scalp diseases: grow
hnlr on bald heads or no pay. HIRSUITINE
HAIR AND SCALP SPECIALISTS, room 41, ;
St. Ann's building, 6 Eddy st.. San Francisco, j
Book for stamp on treatment of hair.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1
per box: WArranted to cure all cases of bleed-
ing, itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41". Montgomery st . rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
niviDE?r kotices.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 70 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market Ft., on and after
Monday, August 21, ISP9.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESSEKERS !
Thefe five houses on our list mutt be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 8 rooms, bath.
jso. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
jCo. 3— $2350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
1 No — $>00 for a $4700 home: 8 rooms, bath.
No! 6— $4500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
•venues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCTTSE A REMMEL.
£?•■> Market ft., F. F, Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
BNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath: lot ofx.
150- good location: 6 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAJ'.I.DA KUO.US A .NO l»l>A.K.l>.
I SUNNY front rms. and board: private family;
ret W59 San Antonio aye., Chestnut Station.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; larco
ground*: private. MRS. DR. FI'N'KE, 141* *th
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
iI"PT been foreclosed; a fine 7-room house; all
latest Improvements: large lot; fruit trees, j
figs illv< b, plums, etc.; 2 blocks from sta-
tion; 1 block from electric; 7 minutes from
university. A::;. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
] S.'.O — IMMEDIATE sale must be made; cheap
at $2500; lot 60x122:6; one block from station j
and electric cars; fine cottage, 6 rooms and .
bath: large front and back porches: well.
win<nnlll and tank: lawn, shrubbery and
fruit trees: examine this property. H. D.
IRWIN. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
j 750— LOT and house cannot be duplicated for
$2»vto; brand-new 2-story latest-style modern i
eettage: 5 rooms and bath; large reception
hall; washroom, etc.: choice location on im-
proved street: near electric cars and close to
station, stores, school, etc.; nothing nicer
an; where; sold at a sacrifice, as money must
be had; $1500 can remain on mortgage. H. D.
[RWIX, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
:ele_
A snap; two 2-story 7-room houses; new and j
modern; "n rectal terms; see us at once.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
222 Sansome st.
C. C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 321 Montgomery st.
In i; cr keley— Corner lot 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
ALMOST new; 2-story house; 7 large rooms; j
bath, pantry, folding doors, bay-windows, cc.
Mr-nt foundation, barn, chicken houses; all |
fenced and cross fenced; city water; close to j
. railway station, stores, schools and churches;
lot 4".x12 i 1; price $1700: only $100 cash, balance I
$1S monthly; take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin Station. Ask for RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS: office open Sunday and evenings.
NEW cottage. 4 rooms and bath: hot and cold
water: stationary tubs; close to school,
church, stores, railway station and two elec- j '
trie car lines; price $1:150: only $100 cash, bal- i
ance $12 50 monthly: take Berkeley train, get
off at Lortn Station. Ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS; office open Sunday and evenings.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN "■ MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
YOU SHOULD SEE THIS.
A fine 2-story house of 7 rooms: lot 156X125;
fruit trees, etc. :. 1 block from electric car line;
f> minutes from railroad station: Just the place
tc raise chickens. Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Kenl Estate. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AM) BOARD.
UNION. -Rooms with hoard: near Univer-
sity grounds and Telegraph-aye. cars. MRS.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS |
FUUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$175 — VERY cheap lot; 75x100; only 3 blocks
from electric cars; cost owner $400.
House of 2 rooms: good well, windmill
and tank: lot 50x130; all lenced and a great bar-
gain; owner is going to Alaska; see this at
once.
■ $950— For sale in Oakland, a house of 6 rooms
and bath: barn; lot 25x100; street work and
cement sidewalk all done; only 4 blocks from
Broadway station; a foreclosure bargain; easy
terms if 'desired.
$1000 — Only $140 cash, balance $12 per month;
new cottage of '• rooms and attic: bath room;
fruit trees; lot ,'!7x130; located in the best part
of Fruitvale; only 2 blocks from Frultvale aye.
$1250— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
7-foot basement; good well, barn and chicken
house; lot 50.x14t>; see this for a bargain.
$15C0— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, mantel,
high basement, small barn; lot 35x370; $200 cash;
balance sarru- as rent.
$2600— Absolutely the choicest and coziest new
l^-story colonial style residence; 7 rooms; por-
celain bath; nickel plumbing; reception hall;
fine mantel; rooms beautifully tinted and fres-
coed: large lot; splendid location; easy terms
to right party; only 2 blocks from local train.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
OPPORTUNITY for homeseekers In Frultvale.
$1200 — 5-room house; modern; large lot; 4
blocks from local station.
Jl2'.o— 2 blocks from local station: B-room
modern house; high basement.
$63fi — 3-room house; connected with sewer;
■ nice yard and garden.
$3000 — 5-room house: modern, with large barn:
lot 105x12.".; on corner: with 20 kinds of fruit
trees In bearing and fine flowers;, l block from
Frultvale aye.; a fine home.
$50X> — 10-room house: lot 50x175; fine lawn; on
one of the best avenues In Fruitvale and In the
best neighborhood; see this place; it will not
be on the market long.
Apply to J. W. ELROD, the Home Building
Company office. Fruitvale Station, or PERRY
WALL, (30 Market st., San Francisco.
LARGE, level lots, J400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas; fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c
fare: glorious climate: build a home to suit
yourself; easy payments; no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale sta.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
hay^'Xrds^rope rt y.
7 acres, some fruit; new modern house, 5
rooms, bath; barn, chicken house, well, wind- !
mill and tank: Improvements worth asking i
price; only $ISOO.
12 acres; 4 acres in fine fruit; house, barn,
brooder house; price $2800.
14 acres, all in fine fruit; host of land; corner
of two roads; fine improvements; beautiful
home; price $10,000.
663 acres; stock ranch: 400 acres can be culti-
vated; fine improvements: well fenced; plenty
water; near town; only $42 50 per acre: little
homes of every description, with prices con-
sistent with the time. Call or write for full
particulars to P. WILBERT. ITaywards. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAM* REAL ESTATE.
$3750— ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; very finest finish: modern in
every respect; nicely located; fine lawn, etc.;
terms can be arranged.
GEO. B. M. GRAY.
454 Ninth street.
12400— A VERY pretty new 6-room Colonial
house: sunny exposure; good location; all lat-
ent Improvements; 50 foot lot; cars handy on
either .id.. __,_ B M GRAY(
454 Ninth street.
$4BOO— ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; plate-glass windows; every-
thing of the very latest: situated between
Telegraph av_. and Grove St.; lot 50x140; a
Tery choice home. b M _ rat
m Ninth street.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
; j .-~-~_^ .^-^~^.;
, $1200— COTTAGE of 4 large rooms and lot 50x
; 122 feet, just off Broadway, in a good loca-
tion; reduced to this Low price for a quick
cash sale. HUGH M. CAMERON, Real Es-
tate Broker, 105S Broadway, Oakland.
■ $1700— GREAT bargain; 20 acre*, right at sta-
tion, Sonoma County: all in fruit; owner go-
Ing to Europe. C K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
CO ACRES; fine ranch; Sonoma County; 14 acres
i fruit; all low land; good improvements; $3800.
C. K. KING, MS Broadway, Oakland. ■:
3 ACRES- Fruitvale; house and well; $2000. C.
K. KING 902 Broadway, Oakland.
■ BUSINESS property on Sixth st, near Broad-
• way. for sale cheap, $5000, by C. K. KINO,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
■ $10 CASH. $6 monthly for a fine chicken run;
50x256 deep: price $190: more land adjacent
may be had cheap; all level; excellent soil;
good drainage and lovely view; no fogs nor
coid winds; a family can live In a tent here
and enjoy every hour; near electric car line
and grand boulevard: not fnr from a modei
Ihouse; Westall Tract, in the lovely val-
ley of Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland. Call
or send for circular, 45." Seventh St., Oakland;
carriage free.
; * H. 7*. JONES. Owner.
: APPLY TO
E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway,
Oakland,
For *afe investments; large list of new houses
for Bale on any kind of terms.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A BIG snap: 2 acres of land situated In North
Oakland: party Is very desirous of selling;
former price was $2000 per acre, but now
party will take $1800 cash for both acres If
sold quickly. Address 1167 Eighth St., Oak-
land. |
FOR — At a sacrifice, a 7-room modern cot-
tage, nicely furnished: corner lot 100x150 feet;
! must be sold to close an estate; also a lot
$oxl4o feet; street work complete. ALBERT
SCHMIDT, 1122 13th aye.. East Oakland.
: 19-ROOM house; good location; rental $36: se« I
it quick. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak- i
land. |
$IROO— FOR sale, Oakland: 7-room house; Thlr- I
1 -fourth st and Telegraph aye.; lot 40x120;
cost $2600. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
$r;f.OO— - ROOMS, bath; corner lot; 4 blocks from
business center: a promising business corner;
appraised at $S000; must be sold this month;
first come first served. J. S. MYERS, 1002/
Broadway. Oakland. *■
j $2500— S ROOMS and bath; bam; lot 50x125; best
residence location near local trains, business
center cars schools, etc. ; property valued at
$5000. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
! 4-room and bath cottage; new; $50 down,
$15 per month: near business center. J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
i $10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE, PCS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOUSES.
i FURNISHED 6 rooms; modern; gas and coal
ranges: nice garden; $25. Address 1463 Twen-
ty-thlrd aw. East Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
W. P. Johnson and Margaret Anderson 44-47
D. G. Bennett and Belle Goldsmith 33-22
i Charles W. Can and Annie Sabo 30-
A. O. Heydenfeldt and Margaret M. Lynch.2o-20
John H. Williams and Mary Rogers 26-24
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Diibllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
; sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CATTARINICH— In this city. July 20, ISO 9, to
the wife of Captain J. F. Cattarinich, a
daughter.
COLEMAN— In this city, August 7, 1599, to ,
the wife of John J. Coleman, a son.
GALLAGHER— In this city. August 11, ISM, to
the wife of P. J. Gallagher, a son.
GORMAN— In this city. August 4, IS?9. to the
wife of J. J. Gorman, a son.
HABERMAOHER— In this city. August 1. ISM. .
to the wife of Gustav Habermacher. a daugh-
ter.
ISENBERG— In this city. August 12. 1899. to
the wife of H. Alexander Isenberg. a son.
JORDAN— this city, August 6. 1899, to the
wife of William J. Jordan, a daughter. •
OLSEN— In Oakland. August T. 1599, to the
wife of Andrew B. Olsen. a daughter.
PHIPPS— this city. August 10, 1899, to the
wife of Gustavus V. Phipps, twins— a daugh-
ter and a son.
STREULI— In East Berkeley, August 10, ISD9,
to the wife of William A. Streull, a son.
THONEY— In this city, July 12, 1899, to the
wife of William T. Thoney, twin sons.
WIDMAN In South San Francisco, August 4,
1v.:.. to (he wife of Anton J. Widman. a son.
WITHERBY— In this city, to the wife of C. |
S. V. :•■:■■ r'.y. a s»n.
MARRIED.
1 BLOM— SALVKSEN— In this city, August 7,
1899, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Thorvald D.
Blom and Petty Salvesen.
CHAPTNS— AVT— In this city, August 10. 1599,
by the Rev. Father Ham*-t, Francis A. Chap-
Ins and Emilie Avy, both of San Francisco.
GOECKERIT&— HEIZMAN— In this city, July
29. ;■'■'.'. by Judge Groezinger, Ernst H.
Goeckeritz and Frances K. Heizman.
KNOECHEL— SPIEGEL— In San Jose, April 26,
I 19, Carl Knoechel and Bertha A. Spiegel.
RASMUSSEN— RUTHERFORD— this city,
August 5, 1899, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Hans Rasmussen and Jennie Rutherford.
WETZEL— In this city, August 12. 1899,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hermann Wet-
zel and Hanna Zanf.
DIED.
American, Nathan L*<>pola. Leah
Altpeter, Eliee Louis, Amalia
' Bourne, William Mclntyre, Michael
Buckelew, Martha McKenna. Mary
Burnes, Thomas A. McLay, Dr. George
: Carroll, Dennis Meyer, Clementina
Craig, Ella A. Osborn, Cecelia
Craig, John Jr. Owens, Anna T.
Ellsworth, Charles E. Reardon, Matthew
Farrell, Catherine Sack, Llna.
Hagemeister, Bertha Schurr, Emily
' Hawthorne, Edward Westln, Charles
Hlegel, Frank A. Woodworth. Mrs. B.
■ Knurk. Miss Carrie
'[ AMERICAN— New York City, August 11,
18i>9, Nathan American, beloved father of
, Dr. S., Moses, Theresa, Sarah and the late
Harry and Aaron American, aged SO years.
; ALTPETER— In this city, August 12. 1899.- EUse,
relict of the late Charles Altpeter, beloved
; grandmother of Louis Emetrburg, and sister !
• of Rudolph , Schnorf, a native of Zurich, !
i Switzerland, aged 78 years and 6 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- |
i fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
■ dence, 61 Haight street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
: ! BOURNE— In this city, August 12, 1899, Wil- ;
liam, dearly beloved son of Frank and Louisa j
Bourne, a native of Devonshire, England, |
aged 20 years.
BUCKELEW— In San Rafael. August 11. 1899,
Martha Buckelew, mother of Mrs. Cornelia
; Gardner and Mrs. Martha Ellison, a native of
Philadelphia. Pa., aged S3 years.
(E?"Funr-ral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
, Co^, 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate.
i i BURNES— In this city, August 12, 1899, Thomas i
. ! A., beloved son of Catherine and the late i
1 John Burr-PS of Cincinnati, Ohio, loving j
brother of John» J. and James Burnes. Mrs.
J. C O'Neil. Mrs. William Hunt of Monte- |
rey, Mrs. C. F. Hornung and the late Joseph- j
me Burnes, and nephew of Thomas J. Moran,
a native of Montreal, Canada, r.ged 50 years
i 3 months and 9 days.
■ ] [C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
! i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3C2 Islington avenue, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
1 commencinng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy I
Cross Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
■ CARitOLL— In this city, August 11, 1899. Den-
' n!s, husband of Margaret Carroll, and father
• of Jeremiah, Margaret. John, William and j
Dennis Carroll, a native of County Cork. Ire- |
1 land, aged 50 years. '.- ■ '■';■■
E7"The funeral will take place this day
! (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 146 Duncan street, corner of Dolores.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JRAIG— In Oakland, August 10, 1599, Ella A.,
beloved wife of A. W. Craig, a native of Ver-
mont, aged 47 years. -■!.::
E_Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 177 Eighth street. Interment i
private in Mountain View Cemetery. Oak- ;
land.
1 CRAIG— In this city, August 10, 1899, John Jr.,
• husband of Ella Craig, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 29 years 5 months and 3 days.
IT_^Fri<>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
: (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late reßi-
-1 dence, 3571 Seventeenth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
1 ELLSWORTH— In this city, August 12, 1899,
Charles E., beloved husband of the late Jo-
hanna Ellsworth, and father of Lillian and
; HfcNRV d. GALLAGHER CO.,
i (Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher*.
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKR3,
to Fifth at., opposit* Llaoola «ch»«C
Telephone South M.
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCO CALIi, SUN PAT, AUGUST 13. 1899.
* Adelaide' WiswSFtfi. 9 a^alive' Of Plymouth,
Conn., aged 59 years. .
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 130S Jackson street. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
FARRELL— this city. August 12, 1899. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Farrell.
and mother of John, Julia. William and
James Fan ell, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 44 years.
HAGEMEISTER— In this city, August 11, 1599,
Bertha, daughter of August Hagemeister, a
native of Missouri, aged 15 years.
(TTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAM— In Alameda. August 12. 1599, Susan A.,
widow of the late Charles W. Ham. and
mother of Mrs. Abble J. Forbes and Charles
H. Ham of San Francisco, aged 78 years.
HAWTHORNE— In this city. August 11. 1599,
Edward, dearly beloved husband of Bertha
Hawthorne, and beloved father of Fred, Ed-
ward Jr., Alexander, Thyra. Arthur, Alfred,
Bertha and Nathaniel Hawthorne, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 75 years 7 months and
13 days.
HIEGEL— In San Miguel, August 10. 1999,
Frank A., beloved son of the late Nicholas
and Katherine Hiegel, and brother, of Albert
N., Mary F. and Annie K. Hlecel, Mrs.
George E. Williams of Santa Monica and Mrs.
T. J. Hennesey of San Miguel, a native of
San Francisco, aged "6 years 5 montns and 3
days. A member of Draymen and Teamsters
Union and Court Twin Peaks No. 7665,
A. O. F.
C .■"l'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 209 Dorland street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Church and Sanchez,
thence to St. Boniface's German Church,
Golden Gate avenue, where services will be
held at 1:80 o'clock. A solemn regulem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
on Monday, at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ALL members of the Draymen and Teamsters'
Union will assemble at their hall. 121 Eddy
street, at 12:30 o'clock sharp in order to at-
■ tend the funeral of our late brother, Frank
Hiegel. By order of
T. F. NI'NAN, President.
J. B. NTDETtOST, Rec. Sec.
KNURK— In West Berkeley. Miss Carrie,
daughter of John and A. Knurk, and sistei
of Annie and Herman Knurk, a native of
Hawaiian Islands, aged 14 years 11 months
and 9 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
I dence Second and Rose streets.
! LEOPOLD— In this city, August 10, 1899, Leah.
beloved wife of Samuel Leopold, a native of
France, aged SO years.
C"7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Gearj
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Strictly private.
LOUIS— In this City, August 11, 1599. Amalia,
beloved wife of the late Charles Louis, mother j
of Julius. Herman and Charles Louis and
Mrs. James Bargones, and sister of Charles
Petersen of New York, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 65 years and 10 months.
U_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, .from her late
residence, 108 Pfeiffer street, between Dupont
and Stockton. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ;-- :/■,-'
McINTYRE— In this city. August 11, 1599,
■Michael, beloved husband of Hannah Mcln-
tyre. and father of John C, Nellie and Henry
H. Mcintyre, a native of County Armagh,
Ireland, aged 06 years 6 months and 29 days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 237 Laussat avenue, off Fillmore street,
between Haight and Waller, thence' to
Sacred Heart Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city. August 11, 1593, Mary
McKenna, n. native of County Monaghan,
Ireland, aged 56 years.
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
AIcLAY— In this city. August 10. 1539, Dr.
George B. McLay, a native of Scotland, aged
£!< years 2 months and 9 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. 266S Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third., under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 69, F. and A.
M. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEYER— In Alameda, Cal., August 12. 1899,
Clementina, beloved wife of Bernard Meyer,
and mother of Beulah Meyer, a native of St.
I^ouis, Mo., aged 28 years 3 months and 17
days.
OSBORN— In Brooklyn, N. V.. August 12, 1899, :
at the residence of her daughter. Cecelia
Robertson, relict of the late William W. Os- , i
born, and mother of Edward E. and Lamar- I •
tine Osborn and Clara C. Elliott, aged 86
years 1 month and 6 days. j
OWENS this city, August 11. 1899, Anna
T. beloved daughter of Mrs. B. and the late
P. Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
year- 1 month and 13 days. , j
£s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day :
(Sunday), .it 1 o'clock, from her late resi- '
dence. Golden Gate Park, thence to St. Ag-
nes Church, Masonic avenue, near Page
street, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REARDON— In the City and County Hospital.
August 12, 1899, Matthew Reardon, a native of
Ireland, aged 24 years.
BACK— In this city, August 12, 1599, Lina, be-
loved wife of Gtoree Back, a native of Aix-
la-Chapelle, Germany, aged 26 years 10 months
and 3 days.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, '
August 15, at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors j
of Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street, thence
0 St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, where services will be held at 1 o'clock.
SCHURR— In this city, August 11, 1899, Emily
Schurr, beloved mother of Will B. Faulkner
and Mrs. F. R. Koenlng, and sister of George
Stevens of New Haven, Conn., and the lute
Mrs. G. L. Bennett, a .native of New Haven.
Conn., aged 62 years and 24 days.
C .'Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at - o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1425 Mission street. Interment I. O. j
O. F. Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Aurora Lodge
No 202, K. and L. of H., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late sister, Emily
Schurr, this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence. 1425 Mission street.
W. C. HEARN, President.
L. B. HOI.COM R. Secretary.
WESTIN- In this city, August 10, 1899, Charles,
beloved brother of Wilhelm Westin, a native
of Sweden, aged 37 years.
[C?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Cox 946 Mission street. Interment i
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOODWORTH In San Diego, July 81, 1899,
Mrs. Blanche Woodworth.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
1
j
I
•
:
>
j
i
'<
;
!
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs G A Green Gait |S L L Martlnelll. Cal
J Math'-na. Sacto C W Morton, w & s,
A S Xix, Cal Sacramento'
T C Stetter, Dayton E C Pendleton, R Bluff
J Seadler. Sacto S A Hurt, New York
T A Shaw & w, Chic S Herzog, Chicago
A E Williams Fort D H ML: wen. Cal
Ethan Allen |F J Sutcllffe & w, Neb
T H Landor, Ohio H Za.sig & f. Mo
T H Russey. Atlanta C H Sayrc, Fresno
Miss Brown, Colfas Q A Smith. Courtland
W 1) AyiTH, Petaluma Miss E l< Grace Ala
H Todd, Oakland Miss E Milntosh, Or
T B Jackson, Alam»da C B Overacker, Nllea
W S McClUskey, Cal Mrs J C Stewart &
Mrs T W Dean, Cal eh, Webb City
Miss E M Dean, Cal W W Worthing & f,
J Smith. Cal - kton
T H Goff, Cal G T Morgan, Pinole
W P Boone, Dinuba jH Lowden, Sacto
J W Wood & w, Cat ;R H Sterling, Napa
<• ii Wood, Pasadena L C Winsor S Jori?
Mrs N S L*itherd, Cal A Tog____lni, S L Ob
Mrs W C Gardini & W B Hallin, New York
daughter. Chicago W M Cutter Paraiso Sp
Mrs J S Cram, Chicago E W Akerman.S Diego
Mrs D Gabriel, S Jose J P Laurltzen, Salinas
i: S Eltinger, Spokane;M R Mahoney, Fresno
C B Eltinger Spokane (Mrs S Herzog, Chicago
J Barnet .Ir. Seattle Miss P Herzog, Chic
C E Gillis, Treka iMiss I) Herzog. «'hlc
X <■ Gillis, Yreka .1 M Morley, Haywards
X R Thompson, Tacma .1 Kullman, Bonlola
J c Steele Coffee Cr jDr W A McCormlck
J E Lombard. Cal | A w, Befnont
G R Webb. Yorkfl. Pa |W Bevkman, Sacto
Miss Percy, San RafaeljW R Winter. Sacta
w W Moreland.Hldsbg|W A Doyle. San Mateo
Mrs W McKeag & d, E M Carr, Pinole
Shasta IB F Stern, Eureka
Mrs Hofferbirge. NY ! J Craig, Hlghld Spr
A C Israel, Chicago |A Wrigley, U S A
PALACE HOTEL.
E W Marland. Pa G A nice, N T
F S Dlckenson. NY Dr LXV Ely, N T
Mrs M Allyn, NY AH Maftzger, L Ang
F H Bartlett, NY |T J McCarthy, L Ann
T Springer. Chgo R L McLain, Hartford
Dr J Thelberg. N V Mrs R L McLain
Mrs C O Skeer. Cal Hartford
0 O Heydenfeldt. Cal Miss B L Franklin,
Mrs O O Heydenfeldt,l Conn
Cal H W Stevens. N V
C B Bales, NY MB Davis, Montreal
W F Mershon, N T Mrs M B Davis, Mon-
P L Thuman. N V treal
L Kahn. Oakdale C B Peckham, N V
G J Cacbran. Los Ang V M Clement, London
Mrs G J Cochran, L A C F Peckham. Utica
L Opdyke. Jersey City Mrs B C Sleight. N V
Mrs L Opdyke, N J W W Hush, U S N
W M Thornton. Mont : J W Bennett, Oregon
(J H MlUard. N V Mrs .1 C Kemp Van
Mrs G H Millard. N T Be, Hudson
Miss E Mfllard, NY fT W O'Reilly. Mo
L Feurr-r. Portland Mrs T W O'Reilly, Mo
Mrs I X Hayward. S C F W Short, Fresno
1 X Hayward. S C C J King, Sacto
Miss L*W Hayward, G A Dorsey, Chgo
S C , E P Ricker. S C
T Royer. Ohio |W Enrickson, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Sickles, San Jose |C E Symonds, Pittsbrg
Mrs Feisler. Sacto |J W Walton, N Mcx
J C James. Los Ang A F Ptimmel, Redlnds
J Serran, Petaluma ;R E Lee & ty, Ala
H Zollinger, Covingtn W E Bout. Ala
A Zollinger. Covingtn J Allen, Fresno
P Tega. Santa Rosa |H Williams, Log Ang
H Monat Colfax iMiss L Cole, Los Ang
G Parker, Portland '
PEROT PRESENTS
HIS AFFIDAVITS
Accusations of a Sensa
tional Nature.
ATTORNEYS MAKE DENIAL
_HE CHILD IS STLLL IN ITS
MOTHER'S CUSTODY.
Owing to the Nature of the Evi
dence Submitted Further
Time Has Been
Granted.
Special Dispatrh to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 12.— The Queen's Bench
division of the High Court of Justice was
the scene of a second development in the
case of Mrs. William Y. Perot, charged
with the abduction of her daughter,
Gladys, from Baltimore.
Judge Lawrence fixed 10 o'clock this
morning as the time for hearing the affi
davit which W. H. Perot, the father-in
law of Mrs. Perot, handed yesterday to
Mr. Rose-Innes. counsel for Mrs. Perot.
This document is remarkably strong both
in terms and alleged facts and from the
nature of these the case was heard in
camera, the only persons present at the
proceedings being W. H. Perot, Detec
tives Gait and Collins, Solicitor General
Richards; Mr. Rose-Innes, representing
Mrs. Perot; Newton Crane, who appeared
for W. H. Perot, and a reporter of the
Associated Press.
Mr. Rcse-Innes, addressing the court, r
said: "I only received the affidavit In this 1
case at 10 o'clock yesterday. Taking into !
account the fact that it is remarkably !
strong, tracing the career of my client j
since her marriage, and that it contains |
allegations of the worst character, I must
ask you to adjourn the case to a con
venient day that we may have an oppor
tunity of answering it. If I read to your
Lordship paragraph 7 you will see whore- ;
In li( s the strength of my application. It j
states that whereas, Letitia Perot has
been leading an immoral life since 1892,
'cohabiting successively with three per
sons, and during the past tiiree years has j
dwelt and cohabited with John Xeptune
Blood, barrister, as bis wife, and further
has been r< siding with the same in com
pany with the child, Gladys, since her re
turn to England, she is an unfit person to
take charge and control of the child.
"Now, I may point out that the whole
of that paragraph is false. There is no '
'John Neptune Blood, barrister.' >frs.
Perot has been residing with her sisters
the entire time since she came to Eng- |
land. We want to answer this affidavit
in extenso."
Newton Crane th^n urged there was no
n< cessity to argue the case now. A writ, j
he added, may issue, and In that case it
may be argued.
The Judge, in giving Judgment, said: "I I
shall order the chiid to remain in custody
of her mother until Wednesday on the
undertaking of Mr. Rose-Innos that the j
child is produced in court."
Mr. Rose- lanes gave the undertaking !
aiiri the proceedings ended.
During the hearing William H. Perot:
was an interested spectator of the right
for the possession of the child, occasion
ally prompting counsel. Neither Mrs.
Perot nor any of her friends were pres
ent.
.Air. Perot's affidavit refers to Mrs.
Perot's domicile at his house after her 1
husband went to Demerara and the re
quest of her sUter-in-law that she move,
owing to the BCandals she was creating.
It also dials with the alleged extrava- I
gance, financial difficulties and judgment ]
summons for debts. Among the points
raised, the affidavit avers, Mrs. Perot .
has been a patient of a notorious doctor
named Collins, now undergoing ten years
penal servitude for causing the death of 1
a London society lady, Mrs. L'zelli.
LIKE A WOMAN.
Blaster Says You Can't Tell Wliat
Dynamite Will Do Next.
"A cartridge of dynamite la pretty
much like a woman— you never can tell
what it Is going to do next, because it
does not know Itself." said a boss blaster.
"1 have seen a powder salesman throw
a enrtridue of dynamite into the red-hot j
firebox of a twenty-horse boiler and the |
stuff just burtud like hud. Next day 1
saw a cart boy repeat the experiment j
with a blacksmith's forge and a pill of
dynamite no larger than a pea— and there
will be wholesome fear and soft coal in j
that buy as long as he lives. I have seen |
a cause of lUO sticks of dynamite fall HX> :
foot, down a .shaft and never wink, and :
I've seen an Italian drop a half car
tridge from his hand to his boot and not
a grease spot did the poor fellow leave
behind.
"At that the poor fellow deserved a
better fate, for he made a desperate liprlit
fiii- it before he scattered. He was load
ing a blookhole at the time, and had
just broken a cartridge in half, when he
dropped one of the pieces. Before it
could touch the ground he sort of half
caught it. and then began a desperate
briei Juggling act. Again and again he 1
half caught the deadly thing, 'i lion he I
missed it. He made cue lant effort, and
stuck out his boot to break the fall
against the hard ground, but it didn't 1
work. There was a bang, and it was
lucky no one stood near him. Which j
shows that dynamite is like a woman,
because in my time 1 have dropped sim
ilarly hundreds of cartridges of dyna
mite, and still 1 am here and with a good
difcestion.
"But it is in winter, when dynamite
freezes, that it Is most capricious. Then
if you want it to go off it simply refuses. 1
or burns with a dull roar, like a boiler !
blowing off steam. It is In thawing dyna
mite that most of the accidents happen
about which you read. There are two
ways of thawing dynamite— one, by piac
ing the cartridge on a steam boiler or
■within safe distance of a tire; the other
by immersing them in pails of hot water.
As the latter method draws out consider- )
able of the nltro-glyc_rine from the car
tridges and therefore weakens them it is
often discarded In favor of the more risky
thawing by an open lire. I once saw an
experienced powder man thaw a dozen
cartridges by an open fire, though, as the !
secjuel will show, he completely lost his
head when suddenly confronted with an
unusual emergency. He had placed the
cartridges within a foot of an open wood
fire and had seated himself near by to
await developments when one of the car
tridges caught fire. Had he left It to burn
itsolf out the chances are a thousand to
one that nothing very startling would
have happened, for it is concussion and
not fire that explodes dynamite. Instead,
he rushed forward, picked up the burning
stick by one end and holding it upward 1
like a candle began to blow and blow un- j
til he was black in the face. lie never let
go until the flames began to nip at his fin
gers, and then in his excitement he threw
the cartridge to the ground and began to
stamp and grind on it with his heels, as
if he were killing a snake; and. by thun
der! he stamped out the burning cartridge i
and lived to tell about it! The cart boys j
called him 'Angel' after that, because by
rights he ought to be an angel now.
"One day a professor from Stevens In
stitute of Technology came to the quarry
and asked me to perform a certain ex
periment for him. \V> printed with dyna
mite direct from a newspaper onto a block
of iron. The professor said the experi
ment proved most interesting, as he had
discovered among other things that dyna
mite works downward and not upward,
like black powder. Our way of proving I
that in a quarry is to lay a stick of dyna
mite on top of a boulder. After the shot
the boulder is smashed to bits. But the
professor h;ui his own notions. He car
ried three round blocks of iron, six Inches
in diameter and three inches thick. Then
he took a newspaper from his pocket and
spread one sheet over the face of the
block. I placed half a stick of dynamite
on top and covered it with a little heap
of sand and touched her off. You would
hardly believe the result, but you can see
the block on exhibition in a glass case in
the Stevens Institute library, and you can
read on it distinctly— of course, the type
appears backward— the printing of that
part of tht paper which covered the block
at the time of the explosion. But the
professor had another wrinkle up his
sleeve. He picked an ordinary oak leaf
and spread it over the face of a second
block. I prepared a charge similar to
the first and this time the ribs of the
leaf and even its outlines appeared dis
tinctly pressed into the iron surface. Ac
cording to the professor, the action of
the dynamite was so quick that the ribs
of the leaf had not time to burst apart
before they were impressed on the iron.
In the case of the newspaper the printed
letters were harder than th surrounding
white of the paper, therefore the impres
sion.
"The professor's third block is not on
exhibition for the reason that we never
found a piece of it larger than a cloye —
and that reminds me. what do you say."
The reporter said "Yes."
HER DOG T__G.
It Gave the Little Dear Cold So She
Wore It Herself.
A few afternoons ago a tall young
woman, very smartly arrayed and with
an uncommonly large and varied assort
mpnt of clinking chatelaine articles at
tached to an amethyst-lncrasted gilt belt,
strolled down uptown Seventeenth street,
closely followed by a tiny, shivering,
cringing Chihuahua dog. The dog was
collarless, but wore a belt harness
trimmed with cerise ribbon. He difl not
permit himself to be left more than two
feet to the rear 01 his mistress' heels.
At one of the corners there was a sud
den rattle, and a caged wagon drew up
alongside the curb at the point where the
young woman and her dog were walking.
A big, black dog-catcher sprang from the
rear of the caged wagon, and in a trifle
less than no time the pampered little
Mexican dog was whimperingly strug
gling in the meshes of the dog-catchers
net. The dog-catchers transferred the
whining brute from the net to the wagon,
where a lot of large, coarse, common uog3
were already sullenly established.
The young woman owner of the cap
tured Chihuahua viewed the proceedings
with all the coolness in life. She adjusted
her eye-glasses carefully and looked the
dog-catcher over from head to foot. Then
she examined the plebeian dogs in the
wagon. The dog-catcher didn't know
what to make of her conduct. He ex
pected her to become hysterical and to
frantically demand the return of her pet.
But there didn't appear to be a hyßteric
in her. She walked up to the dog-catcher.
"What do you think you are going to
do with that dog of mine?" she inquired
of him, in the most matter-of-fact tone
imaginable.
"Ah's dun swiped him. miss, 'codln' t'
law." replied the dog-cf#tcher.
"What for?" asked the young woman.
" 'Cause dey ain't no license on him,"
replied the dog-catcher.
"Is that so?" said the tall young
woman, quietly. "Well, you can just pass
that pup back to me. He has been
licensed.
"Ah'd laik tuh tek yo' wu'd fo' dat,
missy, but ah doan' see no tag, an' it' 3
de law dat "
"You can look at it now." replied the
captured pup's mistress, unsnapping one
of the clinking articles from her chate
laine belt. "It was among the first of the
year's issue, as you'll see by the number.
1 wear it myself because the chilly metal
gives Diaz a cold in the chest."
The dog-catcher looked at the tag,
grinned sheepishly, and reached in and
handed out the moaning Chihuahua to its
mistress.
"Dey'll be uh-wearin" de tags fo ear
rin's hex'," said the dog-catcher to the
driver of the wagon, as the young woman
and the rat-like pup disanpeared around
the corner.— Washington Post.
Resting Their IVJuscles.
\Then a man is tired he stretches his
arms and less and yawns. Birds and
animals so far as possible, follow his
example. Birds spread their feathers
and also yawn, or grape. Fowls often do
this. Fish yawn; they open their
mouths slowly till they axe round, the
bones of the head seem to loosen and
th>^ Kills open.
Dops are inveterate yawnerg and
stretchers, but seldom sneeze unless
they have a cold. Cats are always
stretching- their bodies, leps and claws.
aB e very one knows who has had a cat
for a pet.
Horses stretch violently when and
after Indulging in a roll, but not as a
rule on all fours as staps do. A stap
when stretching- sticks out his head,
stretches his forefeet out and hollows
his back and neck as thouph trying to
creep under a bar.
Most ruminant .-mimals stretch when
they rise up after lyinp down. Deer do
it regularly, so do cnttle. This fact is
so well known that if a cow when aris
ing from lyins down <lo«>s not stretch
hors^lf it i.-^ a sitrn she is ill. The rea
son for this is plain— the stretch moves
ev-^ry muscle of the body, and if there
is an injury anywhere it hurts.
Jerome K. Jprome has written and
published sixteen novels in eleven
yoars.
LATE SHIPPIXO INTKLI-IGENCK.
Continued From Page 19.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 12.
Ptmr Stats of California, Parsons. 51 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 38 hours.
Beta Western Home, Daewerltz. 4 days from
Coos Bay.
BAILED.
Saturday, August 12.
Stmr Coon Pay, Hall, Pan Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, Eureka.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Arff. CoquHle River.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, Bowena Landing.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Nelson, .
Schr Wins and Wing. Hanson, Coos Bay.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen. Xetarts Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT XjOBOS, Aug 12. 10 p Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 15. lon 20 W— Br ship British Isles, from
Cardiff, for San Francisco.
An? 8, tat 49 N, lon 10 W— Ger bark Thalassa,
from Portland, for Hamburg:.
domestic PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived An; 11— Nor
stmr Titania. from Nanaimo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Auk 12, bound
out— Schr Eric, from Port Blakeley, for Hono
lulu; schr W V Wltzeman, from Port Blakeley,
for Honolulu.
Arrived Inward Auk 12— Schr Fred E Sander.
from San Pedro; schr J M Colman, from Port
Clarence.
SEATTLE— Arrived Auk — Stmr Humboldt.
from San Francisco.
Bailed Aub 12— Jar stmr RloJun Maru, for
Yokohama; stmr Queen, for Dyea; stmr City
of Puebla. for San Francisco; Haw ship Star
of Russia, for Port Gamble.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Aug Brig Courtney
Ford, for San Pedro. Aug 12— Bktn Portland,
for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA — Arrived Augr 12 — Stmr
Greenwood, hence Auir 11.
ALBlON— Sailed Auk 11— Stmr Cleone. for San
Francisco, with schr Dewey in tow.
FORT Arrived Aug Schr Mary C,
hence Auc 9. „
Sailed Auk 12— Schr Mary C, for San Fran
cisco
NEWPORT Arrived Auk Stmr Rival,
from Fort Brass.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Auk 12— Haw ship Star of
Russia, for Port Gamble.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Auk 11— Stmr West
port, from Port Angeles. Auc 12— Stmr Na
tional City, from Eureka.
TACOM A— Arrived Auk 12— Bark Tidal Wave,
from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Tlllamook,
for San Francisco. ««-.,. -
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 12— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro. „
- BANDON- Sailed Auk 12— Schr Lila and Mat
tie, for Redondo.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Auk Stmr Green-
WOOd, for Ban Francisco. • ..-.;■
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 12— Bark
Kate Davenport, hence July 15.
Launched Aus 12— Schr \V II Smith.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived \ur 12— Schr
Spokane, hence July 30: schr Comet, from San
Pedro; schrs Ethel Z»ine and Una, from St
Michael.
FOREIGN PORTS.
"FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 11— ship King
David, from Portland. „■■ . *
MA— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Olympla,
from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Aue 11— Br ship
Ttood from Lelth.
MANlLA— Arrived Aug Ship J B Walker,
from Norfolk. . ;-■ .;.■... ... _ .
HONGKONG— Arrived Auk 12— Stmr City of
Rio dc Janeiro, hence July 6; Br stmr Coptic,
hence July 14: Br stmr Lennox, from Oregon.
CARDlFF— Arrived Auk 11— Br bark West
DE CASTRIES BAT— Aug Schr J
II Bruce, for Port Townsend.
MELBOURNE— Auk Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, for Newcastle, NSW.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON —.Arrived Aug 12 — Stmr
Goenigen Luise, from New York, for Bremen.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Auk — Stmr Campania, for Liverpool;
Btmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam; stmr La
Champagne, for Havre.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Britan
nic, from New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Aug 12— Stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, from San Francisco,
etc: stmr Coptic, from San Francisco, etc;
sim'r Lennox, from Portland. Or, etc.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"TofTuTs. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOr
• . Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Ttuirs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 800
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co ..««■
ly-  ... - Steamers leave Broadway
'•»&»_ik__ wharf, San Francisco:
5 KfrS???^. F" cr Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
JofisPSftSifc For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
rT; yjr^ha^ A\ifru=t 4. 9. H. 19. 24, 29. Sep-
'l HJI »5S^§S=S tember 3. change at Seattle.
il Gsw\sH9 -*sil or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
( ■HBfiriiiir'ri C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
I/^^^^b^SbK Taooma. Everett. Anacortes
" *;■ : . ■•-•^fBBiMR and New Whatcom (Wash.),
** 10 a. m. August 4, 9. 14, 19,
9* 29 September 3. and every fifth day there-
after-' change at Seattle to this company s
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Ta-
!omT™N P. RX-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. August
2. 7 127 V. 22. 27. September 1. and every fifth
dB W'or h s anta er Monterey. San Simeon.
»i Harford fPan Luis Obtapo),
Gaviota" Sanla Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
ErovH T^ii^wr i^rv"
28 September 1. and every fourth day there-
***%£ Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (lan Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
*Zns Anceles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m August 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. September
?' 'and every fourth day th»reaft^r.
Fo? Fn Jnada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose
Information obtain folder. '
The company reserves the right to change
i without^rVvVus notice steamers, sailing date.
TI<JKKT° f OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
i i DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spoar-street WTinrf at 10 a. m.
CBfjP S!2 First Clas* Including Bert*
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALlFOßNlA^ails.....^..^.^...
Columbia' sails.... Aug. 1. 11. a. 3i. Sept. :o.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bu re,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
A " E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS . CO..^^^^
AMERICAN LINE.
TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
pt Paul August lfi Pt. Paul.. September «
New York.. ..August 23 New York Sept. 13
St. Louis August 30lSt. Louis Sept. 20
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwcro.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ....Aug. Iff! fnuthwark ....Sept. *
Noordland Aug. 23 tv esternland ...Sept. 13
Friesland Aug. 30 Kensington ....Sep.. J)
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
of Failing.
AMERICA MARU Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., cor. First.
W. 8. , CURTIS, General Agent.
.^^^w PV E^fr*T!3l The P. S. AMStraM.l
iCP^^O&IS'J^S," 11 ' 5 fnr Honolulu
B& -Sof b&I •&■**■" "■""'Wednesday, August 23,
fHMUffln&atfi at 2 p. m. S. Australia
iHTafiiialEC" 1^ f " r Honolulu
• ■*flf»a"il«*\\V.ln»« ! .la>\ Aupust 23.
m , at 2 p. m.
ttj 'kS'iSTr*^^'^ I * > P. S. Alameda sails
yXitQiW V "N^PirP",RinJ Vla Honolulu and
G)iCdi!lJl!lL' CJ Auckland for Sydney
"SSwKC^ /PrfiFl'Rn/i-. Wednesday. September
r^Z \w,|ir.ii|WT^ r> at jo p. m .
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
i. D. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montcomcn
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Ojflce.?27 Market St
COMPAQNIE GENERAL TERANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. £<v~£i
Sa'ling every Saturday at 10 a. m. <£.fv[j>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -*"~ *""
rtor st. LA BRETAGNE, August 19: LA
NORMANDIE. August 26; LA TOURAINE.
Sept. 2: LA CHAMPAGNE, Sept. 9; LA GAS-
COGNE. Sept. 16. First-class to Havre, J6o
snd upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second CIBH to Havre. S4. r ». 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI * CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO—
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE.
A. G. P. A.. A. Q. P A..
6t. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agant,
Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IK cu\n\L\i.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PI LLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOJ RIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOlTlint* I**<IFIC fOMPAMT.
-Trains !«•»»«« niiVl i»i-> «ltl»- t6'»rl-l*e at
wtJf FKANVB.S<!«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEAVE — From August 2, 1899. — akrtt»
7-oO a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . Bt43y
7-oOa MarvsTille, OrovlJe and lteddiug Tia
Woodland ....:... ....' s : i«
7:OOa Elmira, Vacavillo and Rumsey.. . . . . S:3op
7::s«» a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Cilistoga and Santa Rosa 21% p
«:<><> a Atlantic Jixpress. Ogdeu and Kast.. ®»«A
s»-:ti>A Sbii .lose, Livennoro, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PltcervUle,
MarysTille, Chico. K«1 liluir VIZ*
»::tOA 'Milton, OaJtdilo and WBOJ. *-***
H::»«a Yosemite Valley via Oakdalo and
Ch'"" l -• * * •«:li»F
B:OOAHay^rdsLNilf3andWaybtations. 11:13 a.
«;««a. Martinez. Trscy Lathrop, Stockton,
. Merced and Fresno 18: 1
»:««A Fresno. JUakerslield. bai.U | «bara.
Los Angeles. Bemlne, LI Paso.
New Orleans and East ........... 6:-ISf
1 0:00 a Vallcjo Martinez and ay Stations 7:ir»P
II OOa Haywards, Niles «.r Wayl Stations 2:15p
Is£:Ooii NUes, Livermore. Stockton. Bacra-
mento, Mcndota, Uanf ord. V IsaUa, 4jJßp
PcrtcrVillo 4:li»P
M:OOp Sacrr.monto lMTerStO!.nier3 .... »S:OOp
a:OOp Hoyivardo. Nilt'i anil Way Stations. »x4OF
4:oor MartliiM. Hun l!^"''.,, Valltjo. Ql| _.
Nnpa. CJaii^-.g.'. Sauta P.05a...... O»l»*
4.»«rßonicia, Vacaviilo Bucra.i,o..to.
Woodland. ICi.ishts lauding. ft
0r0vi11e..... -\-,i
4:30p Nile?, San Jose and Stockton . . ..... • : »'» *
-I::iOv Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12.13F
BiOOpThe OwL Tracy. Fresno. Bakers-
lield, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles i2,i%i
8s«0r Storkton. Merced, Krefno..... w>lop
OiUOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendcta, Fresno.
Mojavo and l.o« Angeles " MA
Bisl«r .Santa re Konte, Atlantic press
for Mojavo au3 Ka5t.............. O:4Hr
eiOi>i-Chici;KO-SaiiFranciacoSpecial.<) ,leii
nod j:a«t - 2?T
8:OOp HayTTards. NilesandSan Jose ' '«•»*-
-•OK) Or Vallejo / • • • 1— •» I »P
J7:OOp Vallcjo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;•• t9:53r
BiO3r Oregon Kxpre«tBacnuneillo, Marys-
villo. Redding, Portland. I'iigeb
Hoimdand Kuat S:l.">4
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Juuge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17i43a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:05»
5a Newark, Center*ille,SanJose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:50*
•SilSp Newark, OentcrTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Boulder «'reek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •lOiSOa
4il3p San Joso, Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0.20*.
•4il3pFelton. Santa Una and Way Sta-
> tloim f 9:90 A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tram SIN KEAKCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.M. tl:03 *2:00 |3:00
•1:03 t0:00 'C:o3i'.M.
fr»mOAKUND— roolotßrcadw.iT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:OOi.M.
tl2:00 '1:00 t2:00 '3:00 tt:QO "S^Sr.;.:.
COAST DIVISION (Rros:KJ»nge).
(Third and Townaeml St?.)
•«:lOa Ocean View. South Kan Francisco.. •O:3OP
"7:00 a San Jose nml Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdejsonly) •S:OOx
J7s3oa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Puerile Grov<> and Principal V/ay
SUtion» JB:33p
•iOOa Ran Jdh«j. Tros rinos. S.-mta Cniz,
Pacilio Grove. Paw Itobles, San
liiils OMspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Wny .StHtinna 4:10p
IO:4Oa San Jose mid Way Stations 0:83*.
II:3Oa Ran Jose and Way Stations l»3O»
•a:4l3r.San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, .San .lose.
Hollister, Santa Cms. Salinas.
Monterey antl I'acilio Grove »1O:3»A
•»:a»r San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations «7:30p
•4 :1 5p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:13 a
•3:OOr Snn Joso and Principal Way Stations "8:33 a.
3:30r San Jose niKlPrincfpal Way Stations *9:<>oa.
«::»»r San Jose and WayStatious »::{Op
tll:4.">p San Jose and Way Stations t7::»0p
A for Moniing. 1' for Afternoon.
I •Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
fcSatnrday nnd Sun<\3y /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE]
SUi FBAHGISGO AND NORTH PACIR&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:38,
J:iO, 5:10, 6:30 p. m, Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. oa.i 1:80. $:S*.'
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAM RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, WEEK DAYS— 7:CO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
1:40, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
l:£0 and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40, 11:19 a. in. I 1:40. 1:40. 5:05.
t:2o p. m. .......
Between San Francisco and Bobuetzea Park
same schedule as abov*. , : "--.- ' -
Leave I I Arrive
Ban Francisco. I Ib Effect I Ban Francisco.
. i — April 16. I -.—I -i
Week Sun- 1&99. I S-ji- Weels
Days. | days. Destination, ' Jays. Day*.
■ 7:80 am 8:0 Cam! Xovato. plO:4oam 8:40 am
! 3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. I 6:06 10:25 am
; 6:10 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Boa*. : 7:35 pin, (:20 pa*
I Furton.
TlMam Windsor. 10:85 aaa
Healdf-bura:.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
•:» pm 8:00 am Cloverdalo. 7:35 pm 6:80 p:ai
T:M ami Hopla.nd and i 10:23 an»
I 1:30 pmj 8:00 am Uklah. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pa*
t j ■ j- i ■
7:Bu am 1 10: ana
| I 8:00 am Guemerlll*. I 7:35 pm
. 8:30 pm - 6:10 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am' Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O ara
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm- Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:10 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10 SO am 1 10:26 ana
1:30 pn»( 5:00 p:n I 7:35 pmj 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagga
Bprlngs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land tor Duncan Sprir.cs. Highland Springs*
Keleeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Hay. Lak&^
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Bprings, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Lauret
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upner Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. LJerley's.'
nucknell's. Sanhetfrin Heights. Hullvilla.
Boonevllle. Ph!lo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro. Whiteaboro, Albion. Little River.
Orr'a Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bras*..
Wrstport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum,
mlnp's. Bell's Eprings. Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer*
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets aft
reduced rates. .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market at.. Chronicle bldfi,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Aa:ent»
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Comments : April 23. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. «S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•I:<s, 3:20. 4:00. '6:00. 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. •3:00. "10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m.; 1:00. '•1:45. »2:SO, •4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a.' m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TQ SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •6«0. 7:55, 8:40. »10:29
a m.; 12:30, 2:15. *3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, *9:45. "IO^S. «11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. •5:15. *6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:50. 7:55, 8:55. 10:3$
a m.; 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
an.l Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a, m.; 12-OSL
1:20 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns"
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIIt
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound
Passen-i Mixed. I. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger
Daily. F.xc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 amll0:30 am Stockton 3:45 pml 6-00 nm,
9:10 am' 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pmi 4:13 mri
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm.
11:38 am! 7:45 pm Han ford 7:45 am 1:45 L
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am,
11:59 am 6:2* pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pin
Stopping- at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market st
San Francisco. ..
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April -'3 l<m
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p m
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
SUNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1-46 2 SO
„ „ „ and 4. p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return n ja
THOS. COOK & SON. A ts.. 621 Market it.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AMD NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Turpentine advanced. No change in Oils.
Gram Bags continue firm and wanted.
Jl' heat futures again advance. Spot Wheat unchanged.
Parley, Corn and Rye unchanged and inactive.
Oats generally quiet, but with more demand for red.
Hay weakening under excessive receipts.
No variation in Feedstuff s.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous quotations.
Potatoes and Onions weak. Vegetable market gorged.
Butter and Eggs slightly high. No change in Cheese.
Sez>eral cars of Eastern Poultry expected in a day or tzvo.
Continued glut in fruit, with low quotations.
Dried Fruit generally firm and quiet.
Provisions still selling off fairly.
Wool buyers waiting for the fall clip.
Hides and Tallow unchanged.
Mutton and Lamb firm at the noted advance.
Beef in fair supply and easy. Hogs scarce and firm.
Silver a fraction firmer. Financial quotations unchanged.
Decreased exports of species from this port.
Charters.
Th« Musfeoka. loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 87s 6d, prior to arrival.
The British bark Klllarney has been char
tered to load salmon at Victoria for Europe.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearines last week were $16,806,
--454. against $12,404,416 for the earn* week last
year.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Receipts of Wins and Brandy at this port
during the first seven months of the year were
as follows, compared with the same time In
18SS: Of "Wine. 9.922,400 gallons, against 8,503,
--400; of Brandy, 123.700 gallons, against 145.800.
Exports of Specie.
Ei-pcrt* of specie from this port during the
first seven months of the year were $13,-17,550,
against $27,423,690 during the same time In IS9S,
the leading descriptions being as follows: Sil
ver bullion, $2,239,683; Mexican dollars, $653,334;
Silver coin. $187,045; gold coin, $9,919,150. The
leading destinations were: China. $2,921,710;
Honolulu, $1,604,870; New York, $5,627,272.
Coinage of the Mint.
The coinage of the United States for the
calendar year to date Is as follows:
Double eagles $50,431,660 00
Varies 7,474.7. 00
Half eagles 13.989,930 00
Quarter eagles ,« ..,« Si? '"J
Standard dollars 10.412.3.4 00
Half dollars 1.108.187 00
Quarter dollars ~ 1.22..093 d 0
I'ime« S2(i,.' i b .1
Five cents 370.896 70
Cents 131. 34
Total $85,973.677 24
game time In ISSS ■ 51.533.350 o4
Increase $34,440,291 70
There was an Increase of over $30,000,000 In
gold coinage and over $4,000,000 In silver.
Our Income and Outgo.
Government receipts for the month of July
compare as follows:
IS9S. 1599.
Customs "5.169.651 H«,97M54
In;ernal revenue 26.1.0.^. 2f-^'?'»
Miscellaneous 2.->ou. .30 2. .60.229 j
Totals $43,847,108 J48.054.258
The expenditures for the same month com
pare as follows:
1898. 1*99-
Civil $12,061,387 $12,503,490
Vvar ... 34.774.153 ■ 19.291,080
vfvv 8,514.280 5.050.245
Indian"" ' 669. SM 571.755
i>n^ns-::.: littwgs 12,925.675
Interest v.050,592 a,1<8.i(40
Totals $74,263,676 $56,561,090
Money in Circulation.
According to a treasury statement the money
In circulation In the United States on the Ist
of August was as follows:
Gold coin « 'S-SKKI
Silver dollars S^fi*--^
Small silver 4-VwV-w
Gold certificates JatmiSL :
Silver certificates ••• 425i-s-?k
Treasury notes sniMMi
United States notes 3 100-nnn
Currency certificates 19.900,000
National bank notes 288.048.1W
Tot $1,931,117,204
in 1557 .......: 1.809.198.W
Increase $121,918,860 j
The National Cash Box.
United States Treasurer Roberta reports the
amount of money on hand at the close of July
as follows:
Gold coin WS'ffi
Gold bullion- ITy&wou
Silver dollars U?f£w ■"
Small silver .;•?:"
Silver bullion 54.tt33.538
Total specie '"P'om'SS
United State* notes 'mi't^
Treasury notes of 1890 921.744
Gold certificates a *» 1M
Silver certificates ,««'/!£?
Currency certificates ,---'^
National bank notes fSi5'X?
Minor coin. etc.... ■■•••; _ -,;::} '
Deposits In national banks 16,441
Miscellaneous 9 ■_____ :
Total 909,012,5U j
At the close of July. ISO?, the money on hand |
amounted to $??0.0CD,963.
Coin Certificates in Circulation.
Coin certificates In circulation July 31 were as
follows: 1898. ISM.
Gold ' % 35.693.679 $ 32.i.91.789
Silver .. 389.119.4?? 403.088.295
Treasury" ."■;951735.5M 92,158.536
. Totals $520,345.66$ $527,840,720 '
The Issuance of gold certificates was renewed ■
on August S for the first time since April, 1896.
During the past year there has been an In
crease r,f *:3.{>«S.W? In silver certificates and a
rtecrrase of $3,i300,000 In treasury notes.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO, Aug. 12. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures ware
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka G2!lndependence 86 i
n*<\ Bluff 82 Los Angeles 80
Sacramento 76 San Diego 70 ',
Fresno SSjYuma ....; 102 \
Pnti Luis Obispo 6S'
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
C 2: minimum, 'A; moan, 6S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen slightly over Califor
nia and Southern Oregon. Except for light
showers in Utah, no rain has fallen on the
Pacific slo»p.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over tb° southern half of the Pacific
coast: It is still below the normal throughout
California.
Conditions are favorable for warmer fair
weather Sunday over the larger portion of the
(■•■ a. 1
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 13, ISS9:
Northern California,— warmer Sunday:
southerly, changing to northerly, winds in the
Interior; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada—Fair Sunday; warmer In northern
portion.
Utah—Fair Sunday.
Arizona —Fair Sunday.
tan Francisco and vicinity—Fair; warmer i
Sunday; northerly, changing to fresh west
erly Winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS •
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— To-day's stock mar
ket started lower on London manifesting an
anxiety as to the future of the market. The
local bears fostered the depression, trying to
make capital of the situation in France and
predicting a Southwestern freight rate war.
The strong bank statement, however, changed
; the tone of the market and the close showed
; net gains in the more active stocks. In the
j early weakness the grangers and high-priced
! specialties were the principal sufferers. Sugar,
; Brooklyn Transit, People's Gas and American
I Steel and Wire declined a point each. The
, bears were disposed to cover at the decline
and prices rallied rather quickly, but remained
below last night's level. The dullness and
I hardness of the market which succeeded con
j tinued until the bank statement made its ap
pearance on the tape, when the market im
mediately burst into activity and delivered a
1 surprisingly buoyant tone at some points. The
stocks which had yielded most easily in the
j early transactions came back most readily, and
j as a rule they showed the best net gains .or
! the day. The shorts were In' a scramble to
cover and bid prices on themselves. Chicago
Great Western debentures soared upward "by
: successive jumps, selling at 103%. at least 5%
' above the lowest and 4% net advance. The
preferred stock of this company made a net
gain of 2%. Tennessee Coal also made a very
vigorous advance to S6, a net gain of 314; The
closing of the market was active and firm at
about the top.
What was generally expected to be a dull
i market for the week turned out to be a more
active one than for some time. The strength
I has been largely In spots and groups and has
| been not a little due to heavy covering opera
tions by large bear traders. At some points
j in the list there has been realizing going on
j at the same time and the readiness with which
: this was absorbed helped to lessen the bear
' ish sentiment. For the present money has be
j come slightly easier, and this has been a large
I factor in the strength of stocks of companies
i in the metal industries, particularly in the
Iron and steel industry. This was a logical |
response to the extraordinary conditions pre
vailing in that trade, where orders for deliv
ery in 1900 at the present high level of prices
1 are increasing, showing a growing confidence
I in the continuance of the eager demand for
1 iron and steel products. There has been special i
■ strength in other industrials, the causes of ;
! which have been left to guesswork by the gen- ,
eral public. The approach to the end of- the
period of anxiety regarding the crops has led
to some buying of the railroads in the grain
: market, the conviction having become general
that no setback to the country's prosperity
will arise from the year's results to the agri
: cultural industry. The outlook in the anthra
• cite trade has led to strength in the group of
: railroads interested In the transportation
branch of that grade. A number of railroad
I stocks have enjoyed large gains from indi
vidual causes, such as. prospective increases
i of dividends or settlements of competitive traf
fic disputes or movements toward absorption
jby more powerful companies. The financial
i centers of the world have continued to pay
large attention to the developments of con
' ditions in the money market in this country,
'. and the foreign exchanges at New York have
moved strictly in response to the tone of the
local money market without regard to foreign
money centers. Thus the rates for both sterling
i and continental exchange fell on Tuesday to
the lowest level of the present movement, not
withstanding a jump of 4 per cent in the pri-
I vate discount rate at Berlin on Monday and
I hardening of a shade in the London rate on
; Tuesday. When the New York money market
began to tend toward greater ease later in the
I week there was a significant hardening in the
1 local rates for foreign exchange and the Bank
1 of England refrained from marking up its rate
of discount on Thursday.
The Treasury's payment with drafts on »h<»
i New York Sub-Treasury for gold deposits at
the San Francisco Mint has been an appre
ciable fact in the easing of the money mar
ket The principal cause was th» offering of
1 funds in the New York market from domestic
i centers. The only effect on the rates was on
' those for call loans, lenders on time and bid
ders for commercial paper holding out stiffly
for the best rates and showing no anxiety to
j place loans at present rates. There Is not so
' much apprehension as recently of a money
i squeeze, but there is no general expectation
I that money rates will work lower.
! Bonds have been rather quiet and prices were
; irregular. United States new 4's have ad
! vanced 4 per cent in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
i Shares Closing I
i Sold. Stocks— Bid.
400 Atchison 20% ■
I 12,360 At' bison prefd 63 7 »
I .. Baltimore & Ohio 48 ,
: Canadian Pacific 974
i Canada Southern 54
900 Central Pacific 54 ! /i |
800 Chesapeake & Ohio 29 :
I 3,300 Chicago Great Western 14%
; 7 062 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 137} 8 j
i ' Chicago Ind &St Louis 9
: Chicago [nd & St Louis prefd 404 i
i Chicago A: East Illinois 77 |
Chicago & Northwestern 161 j
3 424 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lit)
1,900 C C C & St Louis 574 |
...... Colorado Southern 4%
I Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46 I.*1 .*
1 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17 !
2£o Delaware &-HTiilson 1234
Delaware Lack & Western 176% i
i Denver & Rio Grande 20% :
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74% '
200 Erie 13%
300 Erie Ist prefd 37 ;
200 Great Northern prefd 167". !
&50 Hocking Coal 16%
300 Hocking Valley 2. .
■ Illinois Central 114
100 lowa Central 13
lowa Central prefd 54-4
500 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 13% I
...'.... Lake Erie A Western 214 !
Lake Erie & Western prefd 73
...:.. Lake Shore 20V;
2 090 Louisville it Nashville 74%
1,200 Manhattan L 117%
400 Metropolitan Street Railway 209 ■
! 3.050 Mexican Central 15% I
; 1,700 Minn & St Louis 6C% ,
100 Minn & St Ix)uis prefd 96
3 700 Missouri Pacific 4*-* 4
100 Mobile & Ohio 44Vi
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
5,400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 3SH
600 New Jersey Central IIS ;
2,374 New York Central 13» •
Norfolk & Western 21%!
760 Norfolk & Western prefd 724
4,870 Northern Pacific 53 !
130 Northern Pacific prefd 77 :
1,600 Ontario .<■ Western 20% j
Oregon Railway & Nay 454
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75 i
6,300 Pennsylvania 136"v j
200 Reading 224
C 440 Reading Ist prefd 61
Reading 2d prefd 33%
100 Rio Grande Western SO |
Rio Grande Western prefd 75%
110 St Louis & San Fran 11% I
800 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 714
2 €00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37%
4,275 St Louis Southwestern ICT»
... St Louis Southwestern perfd 39%
'. St Paul.... 132
3,20-1 St Paul prefd ' 1734
300 St Paul & Omaha 112
3.700 Southern Pacific 35
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
600 Southern Railway U?s
3,300 Southern Railway prefd 624
300 Texas & Pacific....,: 21%
100 Union Pacific .'. 444
100 Union Pacific prefd 774
200 Wabash 36
300 Wabash prefd 28%
Wheeling & I, 10
Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 23%
Wisconsin Central 16
....... S C C & St L 71
Express Companies—
Adams 113
American 140
United States BO
127 Wells Fargo 127
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil 41%
American Cotton Oil prefd S»3i%
American Malting 17
100 American Malting prefd 66 I
370 American Smelting and Ref 41
1,050 American Smelting & Ref prefd 89' i
200 American Spirits 54
American Spirits prefd 30*4 i
1,590 American Steel Hoop 35%
1,810 American Steel Hoop prefd 82=4
i 1.950 American Steel & Wire 61%
800 American Steel & Wire prefd 1004
1,020 American Tin Plate 424
American Tin Plate prefd 88
9,500 American Tobacco 116%
American Tobacco pretd 141
1.010 Anaconda Mining Co 67 g
4.150 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 111%
1,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron  52%
1,735 Continental Tobacco \ 48%
510 Continental Tobacco prefd 93%
S3O Federal Steel 160%
1.09S Federal Steel prefd 82v;
General Klectric 123
200 Glucose Sugar 67%
Glucose Sugar prefd 1094
200 International Paper 42
International Paper prefd 7SVa
400 Laclede Gas 57
430 National Biscuit 47 s *
National Biscuit prefd 1014
200 National Lead 32%
: National Lead prefd 1124
2,820 National Steel 55%
1,000 National Steel prefd.. 95%
New York Air Brake 193
100 North American 12%
Pacific Coast 42
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 86
....... Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
650 Pacific Mail 47
5,020 People's Gas 1204
400 Pressed Steel Car 59,*
200 Pressed Steeel Car prefd 83
Pullman Palace Car 15$
31.910 Standard Rope & Twine 84
6.200 Sugar 163%
6.265 Sugar prefd 120
1.225' Tennsee Coal & Iron 86' i
United States Leather 8%
United States Leather prefd 75
220 United States Rubber 51
United States Rubber prefd 116
....... Western Union 89%
201,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s, reg 1004 M X & T 2ds 67%
Do 3s reg 108% ' Do 4s 93
Do 3s coup 108% N V C Ist! 111%
Do new 4s reff...129% IN •' C gen 5s 121»i
Do new 4s c0up...29%;N Car 6s 128
Do old 4s reg 112V4 Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup. ..US iN Pac lsts 113
Do os reg 111% | Do 3s 66;4
Do 5s coup 111*4' Do 4s 102%
Dist of Col 3.655. ..117 iN V C & S L 45... 107^4
; Ala class A 11l N& W con 4s 95
Do class H 11l Do gen 6s 13S
Do class C 104 Or Nay Ists 112 1 *
Do Currency 100 Do 4s 100%
Atch gen 4s 101 |Or Short Line 65. .130
Do adj 4s 86% Do con 6s 1124
I Can So 2ds 111% Reading gen 4s — 88%
I Chefl & O 44s 974 R Q W lets 98%
Do or 118% SL&I M C D 5...113 7 -.
I Chi & N eon 7s. 1434 SI,& SF G 65.... 123%
' Do S F deb 59....122 St Paul cons 1694
i Chi Term 4s 99 St PC & P lsts.. 121%
]> * H G lsts 106 Do sfl 122
Do 4s 9S 7 » So Railway 5s 109
E T V & G lsts.... 98% Stand R & T 65.... 84
Erie Gen 4s 72 Term new set 35... 96
iFW &D C lsts... 79 Tex & Pac 15t5,...115y.
Gen Klec 5s 118 Do 2ds ".:.'!>
GH&S A6s 110 U Pac 4s 104%
Do 2da 108 Colo So 4s 86%
H & T C 5s 110% Wabash lsts 11574
Do con 6s 11l Do 2ds 100%
lowa C lsts IIS West Shore 4s 114' i
X C V & G lsts... 724 Wls Cent lsts 764
!La new con 4s 106 Va Centuries 85
L& N un! 4s 99% Do deferred .'. 5
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22jOntario 6 50
Crown Point 2."> Opnlr 110
Con Ca! & Va 2 10: Plymouth 10
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 1 90
Gould & Curry 42 Do prefrd 800
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 66
Homestake 65 00, Standard 2 40
Iron Silver 4* Union Con 30
Mexican Xellow Jacket 31
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — i Rubber 51
Call loans 3H®4',4 ! Union Pac 44%
Time loans 4 @5 West End 94%
Stocks— Do prefrd 11l
A T & St Fe 20 41Wis Central 1«%
' Do prefrd 63 7 i 1 Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 163% Adventure 9
Do prefrd 120 jAllouez Mm C 0... 'hi
Bell Tele 343 (Atlantic 2S
Boston & Albany.. 2s3 j Boston & Mont 355
Boston Kle 10S ißutte <& Boston... 75
Boston & Maine. ..2oo <"al & Hecla 830
Chi B & Q 137% Centennial 34
Fitchburg prefrd. .II 1 --.- Franklin 20%
Gen Blec .1234'Osceola 90%
Do prefrd 140 Parrot 63%
Federal Steel 60U'Qutncy 158
Do prefrd 82 St Fe Copper 13%
Mexican Cen 15% Tamarack 226
Mich Tele 98 Winona 124
Old Colony 206 Wolverines 47%
Old Dominion 3TVi . Utah 44%
* * •
■ Associated Banks' Statement.
I
,« — »
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— The Financier says:
The statement of the clearing house banks of
New York city for the week ending August 12
was unexpectedly favorable, the chief feature
having been the heavy increase of $6,38 i ! in
specie. There was a decrease of nearly the same
amount in loans' and as deposits remained sta
tionary the gold expansion went to swell sur
plus reserves and to bring that item to $14,
--39:. 375, the highest point touched since June
2-t last. There is no doubt that factors that
were present but unaccounted for in the previous
week have been operative in the present ex
hibit and the transfers of gold from the West
and the. return movement of specie recently
shipped to Canada may have aided in swelling
the total for the current week, but a detailed
analysis goes to show that four and a half mil
lions of the entire specie gain is reported by
one bank. This institution also expanded its
deposits by the same amount, so that the re- I
maining clearing house banks really curtailed
their outstanding deposits by that amount. It
in not known whether the lending of money In
this center by interior banks has Influenced
the statement. If such. ha 3 been the case the
loan column might be expected to show It.
Looked at In any light, however, the statement
will go far toward restoring a better feeling.
There has never been cause for apprehension
mi best, but the moral effect of a display of
strength such as chronicled will prove benefi
cial in every way. The main question at pres
ent is to what extent New York will be called
upon to aid in the crop movement. Best ad
vices now are that Interior cities are well pre
pared to handle the situation and that there
will be' little, if any, drain on New York. There
is nothing In domestic exchange quotations to
indicate a westward movement, and the season
is close at hand when cereals and cotton will
flow outward in Increased quantities. The July
figures now at hand show a decided gain In
domestic produce exports and August and Sep
tember are expected to make new records in
this respect, thus paving the way for gold im
ports later. '
Specie Movement at New Yo>k.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— The Imports of specie
this week were $54,050 gold and $65,705 silver. |
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at the j
port of New York for this week were valued
at $9,586,652.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to
all countries for the week aggregate $782,806
silver bars and coin and $7425 gold.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. To-day's statement
of the condition of treasury shown: Available
cash balance, $273,571,646; gold reserve, $246 -
176.157. ________
*- — $
New- York Grain and Produce.
•i , , 1 - . —^
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
81. 602 barrels; exports, 14,524. Quiet but firm.
Minnesota patents, $3 70@8 90; do bakers, $3^
3 15: winter patents, $3 6003 SO; do straights,
$3 36@3 45; do extras. $2 45i@" SO; do low grades
»2 ____ 40. "...
WHEAT— Receipts, if.9,SS3 bushels; exports.
101,710. Spot steady: No. 2, 77c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7S4c t. o. b. afloat
spot; No. 2 rM, 754 cf. o. V elevator. Op
tions easy at %c decline under disappointing
cables and foreign selling, but met an active
demand from shorts that inspired a quick
rally. Later prices eased ■ oft slightly under
realizing, but closed steady at unchanged
prices. September, 75%@764c, closed 76%; De
cember,-78<§"76".&c, closed 784.
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1896
'"><" ■f.v--.- -■ ;;; .: v;' ■.-.- .'■•' . *
crop, 6@"c; 1897 crop, ll@13c; 1899 crop. 14©17e; j
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 6@7c; 1897 crop, 11@
Be: 1898 crop. 17@18c. . • •« < i ; •
HIDES— Steady; California. 21 to 25 lbs, 18Uc.
WOOL— Steady; Domestic fleece, 19@240;
Texas. 13@16c.
METALS — The brokers' price for lead is $4 35
and for copper $18 75@19. No Metal Exchange
COFFEE— Options closed dull at net un
changed prices. Sales, 2000 bags, including:
December, $4 90@4 95. Spot coffee— Rio, dull
and nominal; No. 7 invoice. 5%c: No. 7 Job
bing, 6V40; mild, quiet; Cordova, 74@11c.
SUGAR— Raw quiet hut firm; fair refining.
4c" centrifugal. $6 test, 4 9-16 c; molasses sugar,
31ic; refined, quiet but firm: No. 6, 4 13-16 c:
No 7 4%c: No. 8, 4 11-16 c; No. ». <%c: No. 10,
44c; Xo. 11, 4%c; No. 12, 4 5-16 c; No. 18. 4 5 16o:
No 14 4»»c; mould A, B%c; cut-loaf, 6Tic;
crushed, 6c; powdered, b%c: granulated, 54c;
cubes. n%c. „„
BUTTER— 4322 packages. Strong;
i Western creamery, 1«®194c; acton', 13(?15c.
i FGGS— Receipts. 4867 packages. Firm; West
-1 crn ungraded, ll@l4c at mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12. — California dried fruits
Evaporated apples— common, 74c:
prime wire tray. Btf@B%o: choice, -£&:•. fan
cy 9 1 4'g9'^c.
"PRUNES— 3H@Bc- >^--'
APRICOTS— Royal, 13c: Moorpark, 14®16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. lli@ll4c.
*_ : ■>
Chicago Grain Market.
4) ■ — — : ♦
CHICAGO. Aug. 12.— Wheat opened easy at *<
@4c under yesterday's close, September start-
Ing at 704<tr"0->Be. The chief Influence was the
i disappointing attitude of Liverpool, which
showed only a slight advance In the face of the
local bullishness yesterday. This indifference.
I it is supposed, was due largely to much-needed
I rains in India and to the generally favorable
Continental prospects. The decline -was brief.
Shorts, nervous from yesterday's domestic de
velopments, and still largely uncovered, were
active buyers at the opening decline. The
] Northwest also bought, and as selling was
i scattered the price advanced rapidly to "l^c
for September. The prospect of small world's
shipments was an aid to the "market. The
weather in the wheat-growing sections was re
ported favorable to crops, especially in the
■ Southwest, but this had little effect on the ap
: parently oversold market. After the shorts had
absorbed enough for their needs the price
eased off somewhat. September declining to
70Vi@7C%c under realizing, but buying was active
at the decline and the close was strong at 70 7 t«c.
May was traded in to some extent and showed
: a closing advance of ? B c.
I Corn was steady, with only a moderate busi
ness. September closing unchanged.
Oats were dull and prices kept within a nar
row range; closing unchanged for September.
Provisions were firm at the opening and clos
ing with a weak Interval between, caused by
I realizing and selling by packers. The market
was sustained by an advance in hogs and the
strength of the grain markets. At the close
September pork was 5c higher, lard unchanged
an. l ribs 24c higher.
i The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 70*£ 71% 70V* 70%
i December 72% 734 72% 73%
May 76 76% 75% 76T4
Corn No. —
September 30% 80S 30% 3074
December 28% 25% 284 254
May 29% 29% »% 29%
September" ?Z 19% 19% 194 19%
December 19% 19% 18% 19%
1 May 21>i 21% 21% 21*
Mess Pork, per barrel—
September 8 30 8 30 8 20 8 30
October 8 324 840 830 8 37V4
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 224 525 520 525
October ■> 30 5 30 8 25 5 30
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— \
September 5 024 505 4 974 505
October . 505 5 074 5 024 5 074
Cash quotations were as follows.:
Flour steady; winter patents, $3 43^3 55;
1 straight?, $3£3 25: spring specials, $4 10:
i spring patents, $3 30(53 60; straights, $2 7"'5
' $3 10; bakers'. $2 20©2 50; No. 2 spring wheat.
694 - No 3 spring wheat, 674©694 c; No. 2
red 704 - No. 2 corn. 31"sc: No. 2 oats. 21©
i 214 c; No. 2 white, 23'523';c: No. 3 white, 22%®
23% c' No. 2 rye, 544@554c; No. 1 flaxseed.
■II 01: prime timothy seed, $2 25<g2 35; mess
pork, per barrel, $7 50®8 30; lard, per 100
pounds $5 15©5 25; short ribs sides (loose).
$5 105J5 50- dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 oO 1 ©
5 624; short clear sides (boxed), $■'. 35<55 40;
whisky distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
! $126.
Articles— ~~ Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, barrels 10.000 7.000
Wheat, bushels 34.000 46.000
Corn, bushels 152.000 409.
Oats, bushels 404 000 422.000
1 Rye. bushels 9.000 3.000
Barley, bushels •■■■ 9,000 4.000
~On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 134@154c; dair
ies 12@15c. Cheese, firm, 9&@9%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12Vi@124c.
L— " *
Foreign Futures.
■ I ♦
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— * Sept. Dee. Mar.
ripening 5 9Vi 5 10% 6 10%
Closing 59% 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— • An* Nov. -Feb.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Flour-
Opening
Closing
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 12.— CATTLE— Few cattle
were received to-day, and the markst was al
most entirely nominal. Prices in general were
! unchanged.
HOGS— On a good general demand hogs ad
vanced 5c to We. Heavy hogs, $8 95@4 724;
mixed lots, $4 3094 75; light, $4 50@4 824: pigs,
$3 50«» 70; culls, $2@3 90.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were strong at
yesterday's advance. Prime lambs. $6 60*67;
commoner lots, $3 75®« 50: sheep. $2^3 for in
ferior lots up to $4 F,oi§T) 10 for prime.
Receipts— 1C0; hogs, 10,000; sheep, $3000.
California Fruit Sales.
Porter Brothers* Company sales of California
fruit to-day:
LONDON, Aug. Plums— Egg, $1 56 crat";
Golden Drop. $1 66; Japan. $1 68. Nectarines—
S4ciSsl OS crate. Pears— Bartlett, $1 44@2 04 half
i box; Beurre Hardy, $1 0801 32; Clalrgeau, $1 08.
Portland's Business.
! PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 12.— Clearings, $211,
--722; balances, $33,325.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 12.— Wheat—
Walla, 57(g574c; valley. 58c; blue stem, 690.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 12.— The week closed with
wheat nominally holding the figures which
have ruled all the week— for club, E9c for
blue stem.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. Consols, 105 13-16; silver,
27% d: French rentes. 99f 874 c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on passage,
quieter, hardly any demand; Indian shipment*
wheat to United Kingdom, 20.000 quarters; In
dian shipments wheat to Continent, 5000 quar
ters.
Canadian Pacific, IOO14; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 79%; Union Pacific preferred, 794;
Atchison, 21*-;; Grand Trunk, 8; Anaconda,
11%. Bar silver, steady, 27% d. Money, 24@3 I
per cent.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 12- Wheat, steady; No. j
1 standard California, Cs^es Id.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 19-32<i.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady: California. «s#6s Id; i
No. 2 red Western winter. Os 74d; No. 1 North- !
crn spring, 6s. Futures, quiet; September, '
5s 94d: December, 6s 10% d. /
CORN— Spot, steady: American mixed new. '
3s 34d; American mixed old, 3s 4d. Futures, j
quiet: September, 3s 3">d; October, Ss 4%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 6d. j
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87^4
Sterling Cables — 4 88^4
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 32V4
Mexican Dollars 49H 50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6)' i
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The week closed on a very firm but
inactive market. Futures advanced again, tut
spot prices stood the same.
The advance was sympathetic with Chicago,
which, however, opened lower on disappointing
cables. The market became firm at the decline
under small offt-rings. News from the North
west was more bullish, it b^ing reported that
hail had destroyed 3.0c0,000 bushels. Antwerp
bids came through lc higher, and thi made
the market firmer at the close, with prospects
for a better market during the coming week..
Corn prospers were tSDprted -the- flneet, ex
cept in portions of Kansas.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 02*01 0«4; milling.
$1 05@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $lll»i; 2000. $113; 2000, $1 13*4; »00.
$1 12% v■" •"
Second Session— December— 22.ooo ctls, II 12%;
May— 4ooo. $117%: 2000, $11714; 28,000, $1 li*;
2000, $1 18. \ ' . •M .„
Regular Morning Be««ion— December— l4,ooo
ctls, $1 12%. . ■ ■
BARLEY— There is no life to the market,
either on or off call. Prices are unchanged.
Feed. 80«85c; Brewing, 90©95 c; . Chevalier.
$1 15®1 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No Bale».
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— 99. new—
2000 ctls. S4^c.
OATS— Red are In good demand, and as re
ceipts are very light they are firm. Black and
white are dull and easy.
White, $1 20#l 33; Red, $1 07Vj>@l 15 per ctl:
Black, 90c@$l. .* ■ , . . 
CORN— The market continues dull at the old
prices. Receipts are running rather ll.aht at
the moment. Small round Yellow, $1 2601 35;
Eastern large Yellow. $1 07»,®l 10; }) hite.
$1 07' 2 @l 10; mixed, $1 07*4 per ctl; . California
White, nominal.
RYE— 9o®92yjC per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Mill stuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 1001 55; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 <5; Rye
! Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 oO: cx
i tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 60«4 75;
■■ Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
i wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, M ,75!
' Farina, $4 BO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
i Oats (barrels), $6 65<g6 95; In sacks, $6 35-?6 <a;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
[ 15 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Heavy receipts of 1017 tons depressed the Hay
market and prices were weak in consequence,
I though there was not much of a decline. Of
J Alfalfa Hay the circular of Scott & Manner
j says: "Arrivals, of Alfalfa Hay have been
; more liberal during this week and the market
has shown the result of such heavy arrivals
by a little easier feeling, prices being a little
off. Strictly gilt edge offerings have brought
from $7 25 to $7 50 per ton. The demand.
though, is fairly good and consignments have
moved off upon their arrival."
The circular of George Morrow & Co. says:
• "Deduct Alfalfa shipments and the receipts
i cannot be called excessive. Under somewhat
! lighter receipts grain Hay of all kinds has been,
! a little steadier, but prices have remained un
! changed. The local demand for Hay seems to
: lag still and if there Is anything to Indicate
I an advance In prices in the near future we
cannot see it. We would like nothing better
j than to be able to do so. ...
"Alfalfa has been coming in quite freely this
I week, but the market has remained steady at
1 former figures.
"Compressed Hay has been in better supply
and there may be some little disposition to
! ease off In price, but it Is not at all pro
nounced."
BRAN— US 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 60@19 50 per ton.
FEED9TUFFS— Barley, $13 SO per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. 527@29; Jobbing.
$2S 60037; Cocoanut Cake. $20<521: Cornmeal.
*23 50024 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed.
$lfi®l6 50: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat $8 5008 90 for common to good
and $9 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7<5'9; Oat,
! J«fiS: Barley. $507; Island Barley. $4 9005 50;
1 Alfalfa, $5#7 50 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
19010,
STRAW— 2O@33c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further change to report In any
description. The demand for everything under
this head is dull at the moment.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 70'gl 80; Small White. $2 05
03 15; Large White. $1 60<i|l G5: Pinks, $2 15(9
j 2 25: Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $4 15@4 25: But
ter?, nominal; Lima?. $4 10@4 15: Pea, $2 150
2 35: Red Kidneys. $202 25 per ctl.
i SEEDS— Mustard, 2H@3c; Yellow Mus
i tard, nominal; Flax, SI S0«?2 10; Canary Seed.
CV"3c per lb for California and 3V4c for East
! em to arrive; Alfalfa. 8%0>%c; Rape, 3o;
i Hemp 4®4H-c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PKASfNiles, $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 50
| 32 per ctl. s
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
i The market continues glutted with Vege
tables. There is a good deal of .old carried
over stock on hand, and such lots have to go
for what they will bring. Fresh Corn sold
rather better at the quotations, but carrled
over stock went as low as 10c per . sack.
Potatoes and Onions were weak and quiet.
a POTATOES— Garnet Chile*. $l<f?l 10: Early
Rose, 75c@$l; Burbanks. &sC?fsl 10 per ctl In
! sacks .-.ml $1 S5Ol 35 In boxen, Salinas Bur
; banks. $1 ■:"> In sacks and $1 60 in boxes; Sweet
i Potatoes. 2@2 l ie per lb.
ONlONS— 9oc@sl 05 per ctl for Silverskins;
■ Plrkl<" Onion*. 76c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $l(fi2 per box:
i Green Peas, 2c per lh; String Beans, I02c:
Lima Beans. 3{j:4c: Cabbage. 60060 c; River
Tomatoes 20@40c: Egg Plant, 40(8 50c: Green
Okra. 40<W0c per box: Garlic. 2's'3c: Green Pep
| pers. 35<3f>0c for Chili and 4Q@6oc per box for
j Bell; Carrots. 30^40c per sack; Bay Cucum
bers, ZO^Oc; Pickles. 60c for No. 1 and 40c per
i box for No. 2; Summer Squash. USO2SC; Mar
rowfat Squa?h. $14 person; Green Corn, 23c((?$l
per sack; 75c«fi$l 25 per crate for Alameda and
40<5j85c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Several cars of Eastern fire announced for
the early part of the week. The feeling Is
dull, as the retailers are well supplied.
POULTRY— Turkeys. 11013 c for Gob-
I blers and lliglSc for Hens: Young Turkeys. 150
I 17c: Geese, per pair, $l(7fl 25; Goslings, $1 23
@1 £0: Ducks, $3*5 4 for old and $3 50-54 50 for
young; Hens, $4®.': young Roosters. $4 5005 50:
Old Roosters, $4 1 54 50; Fryers. $4; Broilers, $30
: J 50 for large. $2 5003 for small: Pigeons, $150
©1 75 per dozen lor old and $1 75<52 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50<fj75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poth Butter and Eggs have again moved uo
a fraction and are firm. Cheese la unchanged.
The advance in Butter is leading to more de
i mand for held goods at the quotations below.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 22U£23He; sec
onds. 22c.
Dairy— Fancy. 2lff?22c; good to choice, 19(??20c;
store. 17(318e per lb.
Pickled roll. 19{f21c; firkin, 16®18c; creamery
I tub, 20@21 I £c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9H<ffloc: old. RH
1 @9c: Young America. \(tffW : c: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGOS— Quoted at 16@19c for store and 21(S'24c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern. I*l4© 2oc for se
lected, 16017 c for No. 1 and 14'g'15o for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners are paying the following- prices: |
Peaches. $5® 12 50 for frees and Jl2 50-320 for
clings; Bartlett Pears, In this city. $25@30 per
ton for. No. 1 and $ I'M? 20 for No. 2: Green and '
Yellow Plums. $15@20 per ton; Colored Plums. !
$10@15. *..■
The glut In fruit has so choked th« fruit
wharf that teams find difficulty In getting in j
and out. and It is even a slow process to dis- j
charge the steamers. The fanners were not In
I the market yesterday and commission mer- j
1 chants who received canning Pears. Plums and j
I Peaches were obliged to haul them to the stores ,
' and pile them up for" Monday's trade. ■ The
glut Is what happens every year at this time,
when all the fruit seems to ripen and come in '
1 at once. It generally lasts a fortnight, when
I receipts get lighter and the market improves.
Prices for all descriptions stand about the ■
same ' the range of values being low.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 25@50c per box for common and 60®
! 90c for erood to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries. $2 50@4-per chest:
Strawberries. $7(&S per chest for small and $2 50 '
1 <g3 DO for large berries; Raspberries. J4@6 per (
j chest; Huckleberries. B©7c per lb.
Grapes. laSfSOc per box and crate for Fon
i tainebleau, 25<g"5c for black, 40@73c for Muscat
. and 40(g 6Sc for Seedless.
I Watermelons. *2 r,0^12 50 per 100.
Cantaloupes, $I<sl 50 per crate; Nutmegs.
Ssfi"sc per box.
Pears 25@50c per box. according to »lze;
'■ Bartlettg, 50<35l per box for green and 25@40c
for ripe.
Nectarines, 35®50c per box for white and Eo@
75c for red. .....
Figs, 60(375c per box for double layers of
small black and 25<5?50c for large purple.
Peaches, 15@40c per box and 10<§15c per bas-
ket
Plums. 20@40c per box: Prunes. 25<azOc per
FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. ?2'34;
Lemons tW* 50 for common and $1 7503 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. S3 50<??4; Cali
fornia Limes, per *mall box: Bananas $1 50
®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $I<SJ2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A ride from the Government orders for Ap
ples and Peaches already mentioned there is
little going on. Apricots continue to lead the
list in point of firmness. Apples are steady,
but Peaches are weak. There has been no
speculative buying of new Prunes thus far.
■which will be a good thing for the market later
on N Buyers might take hold if holders would
make concessions, but this they refuse to dc
under the present statistical condition of the
market. The seme conditions apply to new
Raisins, which are n*t talked about at all.
DRIED FRUITS (.Old Crop>— Prunes. 6}»c for
40-50' a, Ec for 60-60*8," 4c for 60-TO"s,SH©3%c for
70-80's, 2%®3Vlc for 80-90's, 2H®2%c for 90-100's
and 2@2Hc for 100-110' s.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks. 6??6Uc for 40-50' s, s@sUo for 50-60' 4H
4^4c per lb for 60-70' s, S^c for 70-80*8, 3H®'tV»c for
80-90' and 2%@3c for in>-100's; Apricots. 10@llc
for Royals, 12hia lor Moorparks; Peaches,
6©6Hc for standards and 7@7}jc for choice-
Evaporated Apples, 7$7 1 Sun-dried, s@s>4c
per lb; Nectarines. 6@70 per Ib.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4^c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3Hc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers: Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. B@Bc for hardshell 10@llc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. Il@l2c; Almonda
new crop. 7%c for Lan^uedoc and We for
paper-shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern a"nd 4H
@5c for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^c for bright and 10V»c for
light amber; water white extracted. 714®7 1 .2 c;
light amber extracted, 6Vi@7c; dark, s^c
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
The demand for all descriptions Is not up to j
! what it was a f*W day* ago, but there Is a !
i steady outgo all the same and prices rule as !
firm as ever.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B%c per lb for 1
heavy. 9@9Hc for light medium, lie for light, !
12'^e for extra light and 18c for sugar cured, I
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13'vfJUc; Califor- '
nla Hams. ISc: Mess beer. $13 per bbl: ex- I
tra Mess Beef, $14; Family Beet, $15315 50; ex
tra Prime Pork, $12 DO; extra clear. $16 50; mess, i
$15615 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at t%06%c per lb for I
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7Hc: 10-lb tins, BHc; 5-lb Una. &4e.
COTTOLEXE— Tierces, 6v4lt7>ic per ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool buyers are waiting for the new fall
clip and when it comes in will probably tak«
hold. At present the market is dull. Hides
and Tallow are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy ealted ■
steers, lO'glO^e; medium, »<@9^c; light, 9c; |
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, j
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands, >
33c: dry KtD and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20"?; 30c each; short
j Wool. 35@60c each: medium. 70g 1 9Oc; long Wool,
j 90c©$l 10 each: Horse Hides, suit. $2<??2 25 for]
' large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25(g'50c.
TALI/JW-Ko. 1 rendered. 4'fr4Hc per lb; No. j
;! :•, a;; 1 --; refined. ; grease, 2(g2Vic.
' WOOij— Spring Clips— San Joaquln and \
Southern 7 months. .S?llc: Foothill and North- '
1 crn free, ll@14c; Foothill and Northern defect- j
' lye S^llc; Nevada. Il(gl4c; San Joaquln Foot- j
bill free, 10*5 12 c; Ran Joaquin Fodthill defect
! ive S@9c- Humboldt and Mendocino, 16H'6l»c:
Valley Oregon, 17tH8c; Eastern Oregon, 12@14c ;
for choice and 9<gll>-sc for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9B crop, 16917ftG per lb; 1899 crop, !
tf\i@l3c bid and refused.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags are very firm an 4 a fur
' ther advance is expected unless the overdue !
! ship comes in. Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool
i Bags, MOMc; Fruit Bags, s&c, sMrfc and 8c for
! the three grades of white and 7f7%0 for j
I bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, JS; Cumberland. $9 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13;
Cannel. US P"r ton: Rock Springs and Cast!°
Gate, $7 60: Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
i In sacks.
| SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
i pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-rb bags;
' Cuties. A crushed and Fine Crushed. 69»c;
i Powdered. CV; Candy Granulated. sic: Dry
! Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5Hc; Cali
fornia A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4'*e; barrels. l-16c more; half -barrels.
&c more; boxes. He more; 50- It) bag.*, \%c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlncs, half-barrels. o%c; boxes,
i 6Hc per lb.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at 69c per gallon
i in cases and 64c In drums or Iron barrels.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mutton and Lamb are stiff at the advance
j already noted. Hogs continue firm under light
| arrivals. Beef is easy.
Wholesale rates fmni slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF — 7 1 2"% c. per lb for Steers and 6',sff7c for
Cows.
YKAL— SU'SWc per lb.
MUTTON— Wether?. 7&7 He: Ewes, "c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@B*4c Per Ib.
PORK— Live Hops. 6%06%C for small. 6c for
medium and 6%06%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5Hc; dressed Hogs. 7@BVic.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. August 12.
Flour, qr sks 17. 7"0: Sugar, bhls *>
'■ Wheat, ctls S, 500 1 Lime, bbls 273
i Barley ctls 65,069 Wool, bags IS4
| Oats ctls 1,908 Wine, gals 19,(00
Corn, ctls 25 Eggs, doz 12.270
1 Butter, ctls 204 Hay. tons 1,017
Cheese, ctls 31 Straw, tons 21
P"tatoes, sks V*2i> Quicksilver, risks 4>l
Or.i.ms. sks 5 ( 74 Leather, rolls 22
Bran, sks 33 Paper, reams 6.000
Middlings, sks... 24' > Pelts, bdls 277
Sugar, sks 1,613; Hides, No 935
THE STOCK MARKET.
Makawell Plantation was the active stock on
the Bond Exchange, selling at ?49@49 374- The
other stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. Mining stocks stood about tjhe same.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30
o'clock this morning the water was 23 feet, one
■ inch below the 19r>0-foot level station, the water
I having risen and fallen during the past 24.
i hours. The elevator has been working continu
', ously."
The Belcher assessment falls delinquent in
board to-morrow.
The National Consolidated Mining Company
of Shasta County has levied an assessment of
10 cents per share, delinquent September IS.
The Eureka Consolidated Drift Mining Com
pany of Placer County has levied an assessment
of half a cent a share, delinquent September 12.
The Morning Star mine in Placer County has
just paid a dividend of $2 per share.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGES.
SATURDAY, August 12—12 m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 144 15
qunr c0up. .112 — iO G L & H... 48V* —
4s quar reg.... — — , Pac Gas Imp.. 70 71
4s quar new...1»«4 — Pa £ I, 9°vv"- — 43
3s quar coup..lOS — SF G & E.... 70% 70%
Miscellaneous— 'San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 53..115 — i Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55...109U110 ! Insurance-
Ed L. & P 65...129%135 'Firems Fund. — 227%
F & Cl Ry 65.. — 117 Bank Stocks—
Geary St Rss — 95 Anglo-Cal 68 70
11 C& S 545. .1074 — Bank of Ca1...265 2724
I, A Ry 55....106 V*lo7' 4 Cal SD & T.. — 98
LAL Co 65... M — First Nationl..23o 235
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A. ...129% —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — IS-
Market -st 65. .126% — Xcv Nat 8k...152 185
Do Ist M lie* — ! Savings Banks—
NCG R R 73.110 — Ger S & L....1645 —
N Rof Cal 68.1144 — Hum S & L....1050 1160
NR of Cal 55. 114 — Mut Say 8k... 39 —
NPC R R 6s.l(W* — S F Say U 500 —
NPC R R 55.106%107% Say & L 50.... — 82% !
I N Cal Klt 56.111 — Sec Say 8k.... — 300 I
OGL. & H 59.111 — i Union T C 0.... — 1465
Oak Transt ts.lll 113 Street Railroads—
' Om C Ry 65...12fi%130 {California 116 120
!P&CI Ry 6s. 105 — Geary 50 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. 115 — Market-st .... 61% 62
Powell-t Ry 6s — 125 Oak SI,& H. — 50
SF& N P 55.113«4114 Presidio — 16
! a F & S JV05.114% — ( Powder—
I S Rof Cal 65.105% — California — 170
1 S P of A 65... 112 — iK Dynamite... 85 —
I S P C 6c(1905).112 112-M Giant Con Co. 72% 72* i
' S P C 65(1906). — 114% Vigorlt 2\ 34
S P C 65(1912).11S 122 Sugar—
SPCIa eg 55. 102% - Hana aP C 0.... 16% 16H
'SPBr 6s .... — — Haw C & SC. 93% '.">'»
I S V Wat 65...116>4 — I Hutch S P Co. 33^ 33%
i 8 V Wat 45... .104 — Kilauea S Co.. — 31
SV W 4s(3dm)lol»* — Makaweli SC. 45% —
Stktn Gas 6s. .1024 — | Onomea S Co.. SS% 39/
• Water Stocks— Paauhau S C. 38* i 3S;*
Contra Costa.. 75% 76' i Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — |Al Pac Assn.. 116* 117*4
i Spring Valley. lo2 102& Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 88% 88
Capital Gas.... — — Pac A F A.... 1»* —
Cent G C 0..:.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 135
Cent L & P... — 7 Par Paint Co.. S% —
Equtt GI. Co. 3 * 4%
Morning Session.
1 '■ '-' Board —
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 374
. 100 Makaweli 49 00
580 Makaweii ....49 12%
- 355 Makaweli 49 25
150 Makaweli 49 374
50 Mutual Elec Light 14 874
10 Oakland Gas 48 50
75 Onomea Sugar Co 38 37U
25 Onomea Sugar Co 38 62%
SO Paauhau S P Co vi 3S 87%
20 Pacific Coast Borax 132 00
$1000 S F & S J V 115 00
50 S V Water, b 3 102 12%
50 S F Gas & Elec Co 70 37' 2
JTOOO S P Branch Railway 6's 125 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board-
Si) Giant Powder 72 50
20 Makaweli Sugar Co.. 4s 87%
30 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
20 S V Water 102 25
100 Vigortt Powder ; 2 574
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
ciero Stock Board yesterday:
2<v> Best & Belcher 70] 3M Seg Belcher 08
300 Con Cal & Va..2 20 ! 200 Sierra Nev 61
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE.
£* &a
At Emporium Horse Market, 220 Valencia St.
TO-MORROW.
MONDAY, August 14, at 11 o'clock. I will sell
60 head of work and driving horses, suitable
for all purposes; included in this sale are sev-
eral matched teams, also several well-broke
saddle horses. S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ; V ■": :
Morning s'essicjn.
SCO Alta OSi 250 Con Cal & Va2 17'»
250 Andes 20 300 Con Cal & Va..2 15
800 Belcher 2SI 300 Hale & Nor 35
300 Best & Belcher 70 200 Ophir 120
500 Bullion 11 GOO Potosi 46
200 Challenge Con. 31 200 Savage 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. August 13—12 m.
Bid. Ask. | \ ■': BLd.Ask.
Alpha 06 »7 Justice IS 19
Alta 07 K untuck — 05
Andes I 1 ' 20 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 2S Mexican 56 57
Best & Belcher 70 71 Occidental 22 24
Bullion 10 11 Ophir 120 125
Caledonia 69 71 Overman 14 IB
Chollar 24 KiFotoel 45 46
Challenge Con. 31 32 Savage 25 26
Confidence SS '93 Scorpion "2 —
Con Car & Va.2 15 2 »|B«i Belcher.... 07 M
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Stem Nev 62 83
Crown Point... 28 29 Sliver Hill 03 M
Eureka C0n....* 50 — Syndicate 07 —
Con New York. — 03 Standard —2 75
Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 12
Gould & Curry, 44 46 1 Union C0n...:.. 34 36
Hale & Nor 34 36 Utah 11 13
Julia 03 04 Yel Jacket 37 38
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Alpha !
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia .'
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence ... r
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosl !
Savage [
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket
' ">?
U.I 1. if. i .
03 03 04 03
.... OS 09 09
22 112 22 21
29 30 31 29
77 :7S 76 71
10 oft 11 : 10
70 70 70 ' 70
.2S 27 31 30
26 27 26 24
2 4.", 2 40 2 35.2 20
85 86 90 90
27' 26 29 28
50 50! • 49! . 47
37 37 36 35
19 IS 18 19
67 64 63 58
1 40' 1 35 130 1 25
11 13 14: 17
22 22 22 22
46 45 45 44
24 26 28 27'
2 60 2 60 2 65 ....
73 69 67 64
40 39 37 85
12 11 13 11
36 1 37 381 38
71
29
1
1
c
•••-
-11
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters • at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE —The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, AUGUST IS.
Sun rises 5:24
Sun sets 7 :05
Moon sets 10:22 p. m.
4:21 3.8 9:14
5:49 3.6 10:05
.W H W
0:06 0.4 7:20
1:101 0.0 8:36
2:06—0.3 9:2S
2:59—0.5 1 10:10
3:45—0.6; 10:46
3.
2.;
1 2.'
I
3
4:
I 11:00
i
h'w
I 5:34
6:40
7:49
8:50
[ 9:49
0.7
3.6 11:
4.0 12:;
4.4 1:
4.7) 2:.
5.0 3::
v
! 5.7
5.S
5.9
6.0
1 6.2
a.
3.i
2.
2.
NOTE —In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tide* of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low -waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, XT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cai..
August 12, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped! at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIXS.
T/ifTitennnt Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
4 ■ : —"I
Steamer Movements.
<^_ —♦
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Albion Cape Nome iAug. 13
Sunol IGrays Harbor ;.„... Aug. 13
State California' Portland .....|Aug. 12
Newburg Grays Harbor I Aug. IS
Weeott .'. IHumboldt I Aug. 13
i Empire 'Coos Bay 'Aug.l3
Aloha Point Arena |Aug. 1«
Crescent City... 'Crescent City. Aug. 14
Czarina IPuget Sound Aug. 141
Samoa IHumboldt Aug. 14
Bonlta INewport • Auk.l 4
Rnbt. Adamson. Nanalmo Aug. 14
Brunswick Oregon Ports i Aug. 15
Queen Seattle Aug. 15
Progreso ITacoma Aug. 18
Arcata Cans Bay Aug. 15
China China and Japan Aug. 15
Australia 'Honolulu [Aug. IS
City of Puebla.. 1 Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 15
Pomona jHumboldt Aug. IS
Coqull!" River.. Gray« Harbor.. Aug. 13
Santa Rosa |San Diego Aug. 10
Willamette (Seattle Aug. 16
A. Blanchard..lCoos Ray Aug. 17
Point Arena ...Point Arena Aug. 18
Columbia Portland |Aug. 18
North Fork IHumboldt .' !Aug.
Coos Bay Newport Ausr.lS
Wellington ....'Departure Bay 'Aug. IS
Luella iTillamook Bay ! Aug. IS
Peru 'Panama '. 'Aug. 19
Corona 'San Diego Aug. 20
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
North Fork. Humboldt )Aug.l3. 9 am Pier 8
Weeott 'Humboldt lAug.l4. 2 pm Pier 13
Umatilla ..|Vlc & Pgt Sd.|Aug. 14. 10 am, Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. [Point Arena. . I Aug. 14, 2 pm Pier 3
Corona 'San Diego lAug.l4. 11 am Pier 11
Aloha 'Point Arena.. [Aug. 15, 3 pmlPler 3
Brunswick |Oregon Ports. [Aug. 16, 2 pm Pier 20
State Calif. [Portland [Aug.l6, 10 am | Pier 24
Bonita [Newport 'Aug. 16. 9 am. Pier 11
Areata 'Coos Bay 'Aug. 16, 10 am ' Pier 13
Newburg ...[Grays Harbor Aug. 16. 5 pm[
Hgkg. Maru China& Japan! Aug. 17. 1 PMSS
Samoa Humboldt 'Aug. 17. 10 amlPler 3
Coquille Rv'Grays Harbor Ana*. 17. 12 ml Pier 21
Pomona [Humboldt Aug. 17. 2 pmlPler 9
A Blatichrd Coos Bay 'Aug. 1«. 10 am! Pier 13
San Jose-.... I Panama | Aug. IS. 12 ml PMSS
Santa RosalSan Diego |Aug. IS. 11 amlPler 11
City Puebla'Vic & Pgt Sd.lAug. 19. 10 amlPler 9
Coos Bay. ..[Newport tag. 20, 9 amlPler 11
Columbia ..Portland Aug. 21. 10 am' Pier 24
4, »
Shipping Intelligence.
<►- i ■+
AnaiVEP.
Saturday. August 1?.
Ptmr Noyo. Wlnkel, 15 hours from Fort
Brajjc ■ -
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, IS hours, from
Cleone.
. Stmr Corona, Debney, 64Vs hours from San
Dlesro; etc. ■, ,
Stmr Cleone, Higfdns, 20 hours from Albion,
with schr Dewey in tow.
Bark Fresno, Peterson, 7V£ days from Port
Gamble. '■ , ,
Haw bark R P Rlthet, 2S days from Honolulu.
Schr John G North, Austin, 25 days from
Hoaoipo.
Schr Dewey, 20 hours from Albion, in tow or
stmr Ceone: CLEARED .
Saturday. August 12.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per-
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
" Br shin Loudon Hill, Cruikshanks, Queens
town; Eppinggr & Co. .v ■/■_• '.;, ;'■-:
Ital bark Mario, Cs»ero, Queenstown; G W
McXear.
S. hr Martha W Tuft. Benner\-ltz, Fort Bragg
and Guaymas; Thannhause & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 12.
Stmr "Washtenaw, • Croscup, Nanalmo.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
: Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
CONTINUED ON PAGE 18.
1920
SLAP AT THE
STATE BOARD
OF HEALTH
No Sympathy for Its
Attitude.
SIGNIFICANT REQUEST MADE
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE IN THE
QUAF-ANTINE ROW.
Asks Governor Gage Not to Appro
priate Money With Which to
Tight the Federal
Officials.
The San Francisco Chamber of Com
m< rce haa taken a hand In the row be^
tween Federal quarantine officers ano the
I of Health and ih<? action of
trustees of the chamber has pn>vd to
• ii slap at the Board of Health.
The action was no less ihan a request
Governor Gage refuse to appropri
ate money to help the State health officers
in their light against those of the Federal
lment. Many secret meetings have
•iy bex-n held by the quarantine
littee of the State board with the
■\ lew of devising ways and means of ob
g recognition from the United
3 officials in matters relating to local
quarantine.
SuKK<-^ii"iis were made that the only
way "f reaching tin- desired end is to
bring an action In the courts to determine
their rights. In order to even be able to
bring suit a ••subject" had to be found
and the committee l>elif»ved that one had
. .ii 'ti> cas< of a Japanese
passenger on the steamer Hongkong
Maj-u. The man had ix-en here before,
but upon the fa*:t being learned that h<
was diseased United Slates Quarantine
«.>fficrr l'r. Kinyoun had him sent to the
station at Angel Island. State Quaran
tine Officer Conn ajid members of the
board determined to make an inve«tiga~
lion In hopes (if finding- thai l>r. Kinyoun
had overstepped his authority.
W. H. I>. Barn< s Legal knowledge was
also brought into service, the suggestion
being to bring suit against the United
:!J^gal d^tpntion of the
Japa: So far all was w«MI,
but th<n came the question of where the
would come from for the attendant
ex pen such a costly action. Of
• the State would have to provide
the means and to this end a special com
sisting 'if Quarantine Officer
Cohn, Health Officer Dr. Lawlor and Dr.
■ hastened to Sacramento to Induce
Governor Gage to lend .'.is help by making
an .. «. The Governor, it is
sTfd. promised to assist to secure the
r rvi >.>gnition of the State's author
ity.
At this point th»^ San Francisco Cham
ps in and the action
sp< cial meeting was
it surprise. Tlie matter was disi
and the general opinion was that
: Government is well and bet
le i" look after the quarantine reg
ns of this port than
and that the latter should not in
with the former.
In order that the position of the cham
might not be misunderstood a resolu
• a letter be sent to
or ". ihi State requesting him
ny appropriation or t<
mit any money to be drawn from the
• .ir any other fund for the
• ihe quarantine service of the
Board of Health, as "it
was understood that a committee trom
H ilth was on its way
to ask for such an ap
propriation."
l>eath of Mrs. Keller of Crescent City.
The d.-ftth whs announced yesterday of
Mrs. J:.-!i;i Keller, wife ->f George W.
Keller, si:, :it of the Lake Earl
Mi!is. Crescent City, Del X<ti-' County.
The '!• was an estimable lady arid
}ier loss will be mourned by a multitude
of friends besides h»-r bereaved relatives.
First Bajrtist Church Picnic.
The First Baptist Church Sunday-school
(Rev. E. A. Woods pastor, and Professor
A. A. Macurtla superintendent) gave a
most successful excursion to El <'ampo
yesterday. About 2000 persons partici
l, voyaging on the good steamer
Ukiah. The Sunday-school management
invited its friends of the Chinese Sunday
school, Swedish Sundav-wcri'iol. German
Sunday-school. Colored Snnday-school and
THERE IS A FILIPINO
NATIVE SON IN TOWN
THERE'S a new native son In
town— a Filipino native son.
He was ushered into this vale
of tears yesterday morning at
half-past ?, o'clock by Dr. A. Ji.
McFarlane, and la the joy of his acro
bat) Filipino dad. Hilario Estanislao;
likewise of his mother. Tacinta Sese
.slao. The first Filipino native
eon is housed :n elegant quarters. In
b hurriedly arranged home up at !>
street the little fellow first saw
th< lighi of day and freedom. His
_od mamma are Filipino acro
i-ats and are lure to exhibit at the
mlng Mechanics' Fair. As is
nispi'in lif most babies, the
fellow hn.s brought joy to his
ts. Theirs is a joy not unmixed
with pride. The lirst born— a son and
on •'Americano'*— that is what most
delights his parents and the players
they travel with.
Kstanislao has decided that his son
all other kindred schools in the city. The
result was most enjoyable, a very happy
I day being spent from 9 o'clock to 6,
i when the return was made. Everything
! expected at a picnic except a bar and
! dancing was provided and the outing left
I a very happy impression on all.
Simon Gallick Arrested.
Simon Gallick. who was arrested some
months ago for burglary and released
on $1500 bail, which he recently jumped,
was brought back from Madera yesterday
by Chief Jailer Ford and lodged in thf
County Jail. Gallick got into trouble at
Fresno and was arrested once for battery
and fined $20. and again for vagrancy. He
went to Madera and was held by the Shei
iff there on telegraphic advices from the
local authorities. Gallick 1 * bail was raised
to $5000 and he will be brought to a speedy
trial.
A. M. E. Services To-Day.
There will be special services at Bethel
A. M. E. Church. Powell street, near
Jackson, to-day. Bishop W. J. Games will
preach an ordination sermon at 11 o'clock.
At the close Rev. E. T. Hubbard, Rev.
E S. I^ee and Rev. R. Arrinpton will lie
ordained elders. Rev. J. S. Whitten of
Riverside will ocupy the pulpit at 3 p. m.
Rev. J. E. Edwards of Los Angeles will
preach at 8 p. m.
Grand Jurors and the Morgue.
Grand Jurors Jennings and Bachmnn
visited the Morgue yesterday and. after
listening to Coroner Hill's soothsome say
ings, said that they would recommend th^
Supervisors to make an appropriation of
$720 per annum for a matron and an ap
i propriation for the purchase of two new
> horses for the Morgue wagon, the pros
i ent team having been hauling Tom Smith
and dead people for the last twelve years
and being decrepit and crippled.
QUARTERMASTER BREVY
STABBED BY A SAILOR
AFFRAY ON THE TRANSPORT
CENTENNIAL.
Brevy Left at the Hospital in Naga
saki, and Charles Jackson, His
Assailant, Placed in Irons
on the Ship.
When the United States Government
transport Centennial arrives at this port
she will bring one of her crew, Charles
Jackson, in irons. He will be delivered to
United States Marshal Shine and a charge
of assault on the high seas with intent to
Inflict bodily injury will be preferred
against him.
Jackson*is a colored sailor. On July 21,
when the Centennial was nearing Naga
saki on her way from Manila, he and
Quartermaster Herman Brevy got into a
quarrel Brevy called Jackson a "nigger
and Jackson replied that a colored man
was just as good a? a white man and
probably a little better than a white man
of the Brevy brand. This expression ol
opinion infuriated the quartermaster and
he proceeded to pummel Jackson with his
lists. The negro retreated and on Brevy
following him up and again striking him
Jackson drew a sheath-knife and plunged
it Into Brevy's abdomen.
Brevy's injury was so serious that he
was discharged from the service and was
sent 10 St. Bernard's Hospital at Naga
saki for treatment. The American Con
sul at that port, after making an Investi
gation of the matter, ordered Jackson
placed in irons and delivered to the
i States Marshal in this city.
The papers arrived yesterday and were
handed to United States Attorney Coombs,
who instructed Assistant United States
Attorney Banning to take the necessary
steps to have Jackson's case presented
to the United States Grand Jury. It is
not believed that Jackson will be indicted,
it appearing from the depositions of the
witnesses that Brevy was the aggressor
and that the negro acted in self-defense.
GOLDEN GATE ELKS.
The ladies' night recently given by
; Golden Gate L-odge No. 8 of the Klks in
the social hall of the Alcazar building
was attended by a large number of the
members and their friends, ladies and
' gentlemen, who wore entertained by the
commissioners on social hour, of which
James T. Ponlan was the chief. The pro
gramme included a felicitous address by
Henry H. Davis and entertaining num
bers by Misses Ksther and Bessie Berlin,
Miss May Nannery. Miss 1,. Hoskins,
Frank Barton, J. P. Fevere, Mr. and Mrs.
Blunkall. I>a Petite Rosa and Bob and '
Eva MrGulloy. After the programme
i there was a supper in the banquet hall
ami a well arrange.! programme of
i dances.
DATGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
Mrs. Phoebe Williams. Mrs. R. Hewitt,
Mrs. W. Clack. Mrs. J. B. Staples, Mrs.
S Atkinson. Mrs. M. A. Hen wood, Mrs.
' A. E. Creba, Mrs. R. Meadows, Mrs. E.
Harrison and Mrs. S. E. Johnson have
been appointed a committee .by Britannia
Lodge No. T to arrange for an evening at
j home to he given by the lodge in Unlon
' square Hall to its friends on the night of
| Tuesday, the 29th inst.
shall be named Gonzalito— Gonzalito
Americano, the new papa tells over
and over again to the many that offer
him congratulations, and the tired
looking mother, propped up on a
woodeny couch and horsehair pillow,
smiles back "Americano."
Gonzalito looks much like other
babies. He ie extremely tiny and his
face is all puckered and pink. His
little body Is swathed in countless folds
of soft white Filipino wool, pinned
together with a brilliant-hued stom
acher. On his bald little head is a
grotesque little lace-edged cap and his
tiny hands are protected from the cold
In a pair of rudely fashioned square
topped white linen mitts.
l"p to the present Gonzalito has not
said anything: for publication, al
though It must be duly noted that
when he is called an "Americano" he
gives vent to a loud squawk which
his fond parents interpret as unquali
fied approval.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 13, 1899.
Hales.
f'rnm fY * Manliattatt JtWerware I ■£ I
It^^HSJj 1 I y£ f«**pfy of yc Jilverfmllh for fisT I
|r|i§|B\l lobefotd /o -> gezvllefolk cd ye I j^JS^J^ I
1 r-ils^l >I— Til IWe purchased the entire sample line of quadruple-plated silverware manufactured iV.^^-^^^J-.^ 1
1 WmJL^ I 1 by the Manhattan Silver Plate. Company of Lyons, N. Y. The prices to us were &^T y I
I (JfPp^J I considerably less than we would have to pay for the ordinary triple-plate ware, but ~V g
\^UU/UrXu^e I the goods are worth considerably more. Every article is guaranteed to be quadruple JJrMef fory, J
"V^^.L^.^J.^ plate on hard white metal, and is further guaranteed to wear for twenty years and look ■ , — —^_
equal to solid silver. With but one or two exceptions there .__ ■ -
" i . i mi are no duplicates, being the samples used in their sales- l /It-pee (Fftftfls
SlieetS and plllOW CaSeS rooms. We offer the entire line until sold at much less UrC^ gUUU2> bought
White furnishings for the bedroo'm-coun- than is regularly paid for triple-plate ware Articles Will buyers," for eaSy fall wear,
ters loaded with our N. Y. buyers' careful se- be engraved with One or two initials free Of Charge. * g fa pd broadcl ths 2 , colors> a re shown in an the new
lections from the world's markets. ' piain p^ g£ *t.oo «.».^^^^SSS"sS_sS%
the following clean-up prices : 54x90, 29c; 63x90, 32c; g a , a(1 casters; bright cut, plain and satin finished quadruple plate iM.75 and **•!>;» is tne 7; ........ , *!•••" i'^ 1 ■>"■_
72,50. 55 C ; 81x90. 38c; 90x90, 40c. g^anT^ci?.? I^^;^^^^l^^^.^ d^^^^ if_§ W&S «5B w^^n.i^gS^for
Good quality bleached muslin sheets, with perfect hem. Toothpick holders; sold lined: in assorted desJgns;lquadri3ple;plate.T^»T.^sOC | tO t *l-i3 -.....? ..".'.. T.... /KVMTrhM wide "the kind
ready V use;' 54x90. 37% c; 63x90. 4Oc;' 81x90 sOe Napkin rings-On stands and plain satin finish; in aborted designs; 'rom .•.,-->£/", 25 Black taffeta silks, a perfect U %?v? f'the least
150 dozen good ■'., jju.il,, sheets, with perfect Serving trays— Various sizes and shapes, mostly round; satin finish ...^*-.- f° *?;; •■•"' "__*__"* *« your money back for **.!&Sl» a ,7°?,,
150 dozen (food quality bleached muslin sheets, with perfect Water sets of three pieces; plain beaded patterns and satin engraved.. $7.00 and *i-.«><> ™ p « L JjTlflr on ••• *1.00 a yaid
two-inch hem: 72x1«0. 55c; Slx9o, «Oc; 90x90 65c j soft and pepper shakers; two in a box e~"V"«» -ii dissatisfaction , ,_, . ...
Hale's double warp sheets, extra heavy linen, for hotel use. I Bonbon dishes, in assorted patterns, satin finish and bright cut ii -*- tn *ToO ..n/iami/Aai* »nd ?OOt\Vear
with two-inch hem, the best sheet we know of for the purpose; Bread trays in various designs and sizes. .....Wl.i.> to **•«"' UliflerVVedr »lIVI h_»vj*-ttw ,„  . n^ whlt»
double thread in the warp makes It hard to rip and gives un- Covered butter dishes; satin finish; engraved in various designs; quadruple plate ••••••• Ladies' Flannelette gowns, good quality, in pink and whUe
usual wear: 54x90. 42u C ; 63x90, 47' 7 c; 72x90, 52u,c: Slx9o. •••• .- •-;••;•; ;-,— ;rVi I*™ to *% %<> stripes Mother Hubbard style, wide and long with turndown
., 7 ii O - 90x90 (("i;,. Cake baskets; engraved and plain: satin finish r ' Jr-.00 *is-<! c,,l ar=" sizes 14. lfi l > 17- only about 100, and to close mem lout
<>lic ' 90x90 . .... . *" V ' IC Chocolate sets of three pieces; gold lined and bright cut quadruple plate.?.-,..",* Ho #14.50 collars sizes "• f • 18. 1. , on' what thp material costs, with
Hemstitched sheets of good quality muslin, with two-inch G ,° ss berry dishes; on silver stands: bright finish #2.50 to J4.50 lve ,,, l l lake ,' he i' !1 r ne 3U th em ■• • :We each
hem, 72x90, 55c; 81x90, ODe; 90x90 <55c Crumb tray and scraper; Bets *:«,<><> t0*5.00 ; nilt .h»»|S /of n>*king ."»-;— ribbed vests and pants, two-
-200 dozen pillow cases. 36x45 inches, made of heavy gSL^^ff&J^ 1 !^ and •___! | third-^Si. soffand warm. r s r man U redi vu n nd a iarg C O% slz e es:
quality muslin with two-inch hem. a regular 10c grade. at Quadruple plate tipped and fancy dessert spoons; set of six .............. :;;;; .|2.»j; and *?,'-'£ one . ; f mn/Mrment for fall and: winter, color cream white.
7 . ' ■ . i\v^ Quadruple plate tipped and fancy table spoons; set of six $-•-<» and 5-.««> ana a , po °? K<*"« e ">- iul 55c
Clean-up price Of inc. \ Quadruple, plate tipped and fancy dessert forks; set of six *2.«M> and J*2.5.» to be closed out-at V i;;'"nr"'extra" iiiiaVttv" heavy soft-finish
Double warn pillow case., a heavy ca«e for hotel use. 45x36 i Quadruple plate tipped and fancy table forks; set of six *2.20 and *3...r> -X'^lrt" jihich hem a cluster of three tucks at bottom.
inches. 15c; 60x36 inches lfl 2-3 c We also have single pieces for the dining table, such as celery trays, gravy boats, sugar regular 50c line to be closed out at...:.....-. ,V*-"V"i •™ >FC
Good quality muslin pillow cases, with two-inch hem: 45x36 bowls, spoon holders, cream Jugs, spoon trays, sugar sifters and syrup Jugs. Ladles' muslin drawers.- good quality, umbrella style, trim "
inches. 12-..c; 50x36 Inches, 15c; 54x36 Inches 16 2 He For the toilet table, jewel boXes, pin trays, puff boxes, shaving mugs, inkstands and mcd at bottom with 4-inch ruffle, edged with narrow lacereßu-
Fine quality hemstitched pillow cases; 45x36 Inches, 15c: various other little articles. i ar sr>c line •*,VK'T"'y»amle««""'"fast"-"black 3
50x36 Inches, 17c; 54x36 inches U>c Rogers 1847 medium table knives: silver plated, sets of six $1.75 Children's hose, narrow ribbed, .^f*™ **; t if B^ ln( •■with
Hemstitched muslin pillow cases 27% c to 02 -c : Rogers 1847 dessert knives; sliver plated, sets of six _«» ! thread, good weight and elastic the hard-twi. a kino^ ,
Rogers 1547 sugar shells 45c Rogers 1547 butter knives 4.» c double knees, heels and t < f' es ' fu B «» n « 8 * o ed 9 > " w ,Vh fashion French
tOWeIS and blanketS , - - toe I r?anted'fa»t black, made extra long '_*2
60 dozen buck towels. 17x35 inches, fin* weave with fringed Cieail^UDS 111 CIOaKS dreSS> ' SOrt> " "**" 'tO W " ' ' •
ends, $120 quality; at clean-up prices of $l.Ol> a dozen m , i<)llS>
10 pieces of bleached table damask, all linen, 20 Inches wide. ' 'In preparing for new fall stock our buyer, which is now gathering In New York, we find a ll 'l ." .^/b,.. . thread In white brown, black, ' navy
in a variety of patterns, extra value at the clean up price of I few odds and ends in ladles" tan kersey capes. They are this season's goods but we do not Ball knitting cotton. 4-thread. In -Rime, Drown .
75 ea. yard : wish to carry them over, and have therefore taken all priced at 310 and $12 and marked and cardinal, at V -- :'":"V\^ V-inViori
• •;■••;• '''""' "i, '"'>.; , * them *7.50. They are worth your Inspection. Black enameled hairpins, both straight and crinkled^. .„..
Napkins to match above. 23x.3 Inches 175 a dozen , w in eu eh strf ?maH p]ajdg gnd dlagona , ■■■ — wAVt * d^«s shieid- * in 'ii«s ¥ and" i!" good" values a? 10c.
Figured silkoline comforters, double bed size, filled with cot- effects with linen cuffs and collars: some have insertion fronts, others pleated, and some Stockinet dress snieias. in sizes . * s nc & palr
ton wool, knotted *1.O«> each; wlth ?tiff frontB: in all sizes; regular Jl 00 and $125 values at sOc no^. >; oZ( ;; i ' w " h V t 'and" 'smoked' 'pearl 'buttons, Nos. 28 and 30.
l"i 0 pairs tan-colored cotton blankets, to be closed out at the I 110 dozen percale, lawn and dimity wash waists, in fancy stripes and plain effects; were 15c and 20c dozen, now ■ ..9c i a 02 ® 1 }
following prices: ' ;■ -. trimmed with pretty edging; in white and soft colors: collars and cuffs; others with pretty Corduroy dress binding, 1% inches wide, in staple colors, dvi.
58 Inches wide, value 90c; clean-up price 6Oc pair Insertion; all sizes; regular value $1 50. $1 75 and $2 00 at »c no . black Ac a jam
64 inches wide, value 75c; clean-up price 55c pair A final clean-up in jackets. There is an even dozen of good Jackets, that sold for $■■ DO . ?,,Mn!£.li!n^e
66 inches wide, value $1 25; clean-up price. 86c pair to $7 50 when they were in style, but now they are a little late: to clean them up we marked men S I UrrHwlllN
72 inches wide, value $1 50; clean-up price 95c pair them • 91.«»<> each Two cases men's and boys' flannelette nightshirts Just re
30 ladles' jackets: In black, tan blue and brown cheviots and broadcloths: mostly all silk ceived; they are in choice new patterns. all full sizes and cut
honrlL'P'nrhif»?<s ' or satin lines, with small sleeves, fly or double-breasted and good fitting; values up to long, excellently finished in every way; sizes IZ% to is ■*■•••••••
nanOKertnieib $ regularly; to clean them up we make price #J.J>.» | , ■■ ..... "•"""•v ■_i 2? S LStSI
100 dozen ladies' cambric handkerchief,. In large assortment ' Boys' wool sweaters turtle neck in .blue and white rim-
of styles, open-worked corners, . p . .'" . hemmed and lace edges _^r i — -T /gsri ' \^^^i^%^t\^ ilS^vi^lth
L " * r^IlV /£s&/ //SW/ /£?<ff A l.fttor quality, and a mighty good sweater, turtle ne.-k.
rj_BLV fSt/f — <^Hk/ f&af /&\ ' in ure woo! « green" and orange, white and erreen, navy an.
\^H_^|g"J_jJ^^__j^^ -— W^., /jSr/ smo&^^7 ' white and crimson and white, an elegant garment, f0r..51.50
This lot «M out to us at our wn figure, so we make /MM/ /Mff( S.^nllVa^Sn^m^afl fheWa^on for o Plt\T
the price to you 15c a yard /M?/ * "V>^ ■ ■ ' now reduced to ?2.<M. an »:i.«H» each
. _ /jßS&af _^. — W2<&k*Tkm+. Af~* .*Ti a m Oti <ka» _^^^ A complete line of colored sailors, in Milan straw
PHinPniflPPV >n» ' ■ . .^*x&Z— » Hi>mQ ße Si^jr^^^ 250, sOc and 75c
(.lIHMiMUCI > •— '^ la^^l_»_»L-__^ t/<uV L^ (^ Straw braid&; in all desirable colors, reduced t0.. .3c a yard
1700 yards cambric embroidery, from 24 to 4 Inches wide. — — ■ — ■ssjssss^^"^ Rose sprays 2 ; 2 o to 5c a spray
dainty patterns and good quality, that we want to close out -■-- -.;.-■ „._ „ , , - A . The latest styles of -felt walking hats, in all the new shades,
quickly. There are 700 yards of the 7%C and I l-3c quality at 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. have Just arrived.
«c a yard and 1000 yards of the 9c and 12c quality at..»c a yard ' */«#«* • »»
FRAGLEY HOLDS UP THE
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
HE CANNOT RUN HIS OFFICE ON
THE APPROPRIATION.
Discharges Forty-Six Men Employed
in the Squares — Tax Collector
Sheehan Dismisses Twenty-
Six Clerks.
The tax levy adopted by the Board of
Surer-visors is causing considerable com
motion in the City Hall, and yesterday
afternoon forty-six men in the office of
the Superintendent of Streets were dis
missed, owlnf? to the fact that their de
mands had been returned by Auditor
Wells.
All these men are employed in the public
squares, and the Auditor refused to pass
the demands on the parks fund because
they exceeded the sum of $1500. Superin
tendent Frapley wanted the Auditor to
segregate the demands and allow up to
the $1300 limit, but he refused to do so,
and Fragley was obliged to pick out those
whom he desired for dismissal.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
a. First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
<!> E. A. Woods, D.D.
♦
% Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
% Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
f "
% Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street-Rev. J.
<§, George Gibson. • _
% St Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
% street-Jesuit Fathers.
<s> ; - : ': : , ; .
% st Mary*- 'Paulist). Dupont and California
% streets-Rev. Father Wyman.
& St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
% 6'FarreU streets-Rev. Father Prender
«f> gagt, V. G. __
X St Francis', Montgomery avenue and Val
% lejo street-Rev. # T. Carahor.
I Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
% Mission-Rev- William Rader.
f TJethanv Congregational. Bartlett street,
$ near Twenty-fifth-Rev. W. C. Pond.
__ — .
% Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
% streets- H. T. Shepard.
% First Congregational. corner Post and
% Mason streets-Rev. George C. Adams.
I
X Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
I avenue and Clement street-Rev. Philip
.|> Coombe. ■
X st ' Tames Mission. Sixth avenue and Cle-
I S ment street. Richmond-Clergy of St.
<£> Stephen's. £.
Z St Stephen's. Fillmore and Fulton streets—
X Clergy of St. Stephen's.
♦ ' '
% St Stephen's Mission. 1712 Hayes street—
<f> Clergy of St. Stephen's.
% Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
<♦> S. Hanson. .. ■ :
% st Paul's, California street, near Fillmore—
4, Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector.
$ ' '•' '-'■ ■" ' ' ■ - [
<i> Simpson- Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
4, chanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
<S> . . '■■' ' '■/.'"'-.
<$> — ; ,
<;> Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
<£ near Sixth— Rev.- C. E. Locke.
<§>
<t> — !
<«> Fifteenth Avenue M. E., corner Fifteenth
A avenue South and P street— Rev. W. D.
<4> Crabb. ;
-$■ ■ ~ ■ , - • . — — " — " — ■
<& California Street Methodist, corner Califor
si> nla and Broderick streets— Rev. Frederick
<j. C. Lee.
r \fs Hale*. __J
1 This leaves fourteen men to do the work
jin all the public parks. Only five gardi n
era are statutory positions, namely, those
in Columbia, Washington, Union, Ports
mouth and Jefferson square?.
As so.m as the Superintendent found it
I necessary to order the wholesale discharge
of the men he sent a communication to
the Mayor and Hoard of Supervisors, in
which he stated that it would be Impossi-
I ble to run his office on what h.- had been
allowed, it was a tacit request to ihe
board to break its pledge on the dollar
limit, and Fragley emulated the example
•it the Health Board in this regard.
Among other Items Pragrley states that
the allowance of %~V2 for the expenses of
the Board <>f Supervisors payable out <>f
the Strf.-t Department fund is inadequate.
and should be Increased to $9780. The al
lowance of $1500 f"r labor and material for
the maintenance of the parks and Bquareß
is regarded as Insufficient, it was <n this
Item that the Superintendent discharged
the forty-six men.
11.- calls special attention to the neces
sity existing for the immediate recon
struction of the brick sewer in Sixth
«tr»et. between Poisons and Harrison,
which will necessitate the partial recon
struction of the sowers in Shipley, Clara
and Folsom streets, at an estimated ex
penditure of $8000.
Owing to the fact that no provision has
been made for defraying the expenses of
street work already done or to be done
in front of or assessable upon property be
Morning— "Thinking and Living." Even- <?>
Ing— "Jesus the Jew, and Something ■♦•
More." <S>
__ <*••
Morning— "The Valley of Dry Bones." <♦>
Evening— "Lessons from John the Bap- <«>
tlst." <*•
_^__^_ <♦>
Morning— "Selah." Evening— "The Gracious <?>
Words." <?
■ •■
Morning— on gospel of the day by ■•■
Rev. Father Sard!, S. J. Evening— Ser- sj>
man by Key. Father Hickey, S. J. ■»>
. <«>
Morning— Mass at 11 clock and sermon by <•>
one of the fathers. Evening— Vespers and <8>
sermon by Father Hopper. '♦••
. : <t>
Morning— Mass at 10:30; sermon by Father 1
Prendergawt. Evening— Sermon by one or <•>
the Fathers. T
Morning— St. Francis Sodality Will receive <£
holy communion In a body at 7:30 mass. <*>
Evening— After vespers. Rev. T. Caraher <♦>
will preach on "The Virgin's Tomb and <♦>
1 Assumption." <**
_ ; — — <s>
Morning— "People Who Are Despondent." <♦>
Evening— "The Spiritual Agnostic. <£>
Morning— Anniversary Sunday— Special dis- <«>
. course to the societies. Evening— Reports, •.?
addresses, etc. <*>
! — . <S>
Morning— "Biology and the Bible." Even- <♦■
ing — "Peace and War." ■ y
— <*>
Morning— "How God Is Revealed." Even- A
ing— "How We Know That Some People <$>
Are Not Christians." V
Morning— "A Day Audience and How It <•>
Was Stimulated." Evening— "Veneer In ♦>
Religion." ♦
Morning— Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. ; morn- -
ing prayer at 11. Evening— Evensong at S. <§>
<J>
; 1 — <$►
Morning— communion at 7 a. m. ; ■$>
morning prayer at 11 a. m Ev.enlng— <y
Evensong at 7:45 p. m. <«>
<j>
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Even- <y
Ing— Evensong at 8 p. m. . <$>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening A
—Same. >. V X
. : — <•>
Morning— Holy Communion at 7:30; -sermon <$>
by rector at 11 a. m. Evening— Sermon by <?>
rector; special music by vested choir. <§>
— <$>
Morning— Memorial service in honor of the <$•
late Captain Ooodall./ Evening— "Large •*>
Returns From Small Investments." <y
— <?►
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Locke; subject, <«>
'•The Church." Evening— "Great Motners <$>
and Noble Fathers." •€>
_ -J : , :— — ! — «
Morning— by pastor. Evening— ♦
Same. . • ; • . ■ ♦
i -:->; * ■ . . ♦
1 — : — _ . ♦
Morning— '/ Why Christ Came." Evening- f
"A Prime Minister Dug Out of a Dry <*>
Well." . ♦
Hales.
longing to the city and county. Superin- i
tendent Fragley notifies the Board of Su- j
j < rvisnrs ii<u tn award any contracts for
street work of any kind the expense of
which is assessable upon city property.
Street railroad construction on Sixth
street, between Folsom and Harrison
streets, necessitates the regrading and re
paying the block, because the street
has Bettled nearly three feet since the
grade was originally established.
The Su] erlntendent further calls atten- i
tion to tii' fact that no provision has been
for paying the guards required to
watch prisoners >>n the outside roads, and
who have heretofore been paid < ut of th»
Street Departmeni fund. Of tin- total
amouni allowed the nffice there remains
but 174,500 available for the next .-ix
months.
The Tax Collector's office was practical
ly deserted yesterday. Twenty-four clerks
v ■!•■■ dismissed by Tax Collector Sheehan i
i:i consequence of th<' refusal of the Fin- :
ance Committee to allow that office $1500
for extra clerk hire during the current
month. There is now a force of six men
to transact the routine work of the office.
Vttorneys Estee and McNab have been
retained i>y the Tax Collector to address;
the board at to-morrow's meeting on the
subject of the necessities of the office.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of Kendrick Bancroft Soule.
who died August 2, leaving property val
<♦> First M. E.. Powell street, near Washlng
<s> ton— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
<i- Richmond M. X.. southwest corner South
4> California street and Fourth avenue— Rev.
4> George Baugh.
1. Trinity M. E.. corner Fulton street and
I«£; ; . Allston way, Berkeley— Rev. John Coyle.
* Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Market.
<j> Sixteenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore
<|' H. Woodward.
<$> Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
••> sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
<!> Howard M. E., between Second and Third
<$> streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
A
<£> ' "■ - ■' ■
■t> Bethel A. M. E.. Powell street, near Jack
i son— Rev. W. 13. Andersen.
■!>
<•>
«>
■$■
%A.M. E. Zion, 805 Stockton street— Rev. T.
<$> Brown.
<$>
- <»> Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
4> streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
*| : _
4 Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank-
A lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
tl> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
<«> Gate avenue and Polk streets— Rev. H. H.
§4" Hell. ■ ■
■i- Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
■<i> •:.; Capp streets— Rev. Alexander X. Carson.
;
5 First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
tX and Franklin streets— Rev. Horatio Steb
<s> bins, D.D.
%■ Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
<?> streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
«>
% First Church of Christ, Central block,
4> First Church of Christ, Central block, 223
<•> ■ " Sutter street, between Kearny street and
4> Grant avenue— The Bible and Science and
<j» Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
<«> First Divine Science, Yosemite Hall, Native
<$> Sons' building— F. E. Cramer.
A __^____— i ! — ■
•£> German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner
■4> Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
4> W. Fischer. '' •;'■'/, -"s
2 —
<$> Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H. J.
<$> McCoy, secretary. .
<(> First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street—
<§> Rev. : E. Icelander.
•^ New • "Jerusalem (Swedenborßlan), -1626
<$> O'Farrell — Rev. D. V. Bowen. - / i
<•> T.heosophlpal Society, Odd Fellows' build-
S ing.
j ■ Hales. _JL~—
ued at about $16,000, was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent bequeaths his entire
estate to his widow. Susan Maria Some.
The will of Michael C. I.aven. who Jied
on the 6th inst., was also riled. An estate
of unknown value is bequeathed dece
dent's widow. Susan Frances Lavtn.
PLANS FOR STREET LIGHTING.
They Are Adopted by the Supervisors'
Committee.
The Street L-ight Committee at its meet
ing yesterday adopted the plans and spec-
Ificationa prepared by Gaa Inspector Tup
per ami modi tied by the Merchants' Asso
ciation. The plans are similar to the old
nii^s except In a few minor and unim
portant particulars. The clerk was author
ized by the committee to advertise lor
'The main feature of the new plans is the
districting of the city, which will allow
the Mutual Light Company to enter into
the competition for bids. The board re
serves the right to use gas or electricity,
or both, in the various districts. Separate
contracts will be let for the lighting of
the public buildings.
The specifications call for fifty arc lights
on Market street to Valencia street, on or
namental poles alternating on both sides
of the street. Twenty-three arc lights will
also be placed on Van Ness avenue, from
Market street to Vallejo. In the other
Preaching by the pastor. Even- <*>
ing— Same. •$>
. <$>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <•>
ing— Same. <$>
_ __ . — <♦>
I Morning— Preaching by pastor. Evening— <♦>
Same. ? <£
_ 4.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <*>
ing— "Essentials -for Success." <*>
_ _ ; <«>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- A
ing— "Opening the Books." <§>
_ — _ A
Morning— "Ezekiel's Vision of the Valley <*>
of Dry Bones: Can Dead Things Live <♦•
Again*?" Evening— "The Development of <«>
Manliness in Young Manhood— How One . <?>
Young Man Did It." <S>
: «£>
Morning — Preaching by Bishop Oainea; Rev. <•>
E. T. Hubbard, Rev. E. S. Lee and Rev. <$,
R. Arlington will he ordained elders. Af- <§>
ternoon— Preaching by Rev. J. S. Whlttler. <§>
Evening— Sermon by Rev. J. E. Edwards <♦>
of Los Angeles. Q,
— <i>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- A
ing— "How Can These Things Be, or <$>
Nlcodemus' Question to Christ." <§>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor; special 4>
music. Evening— "Wrestling With DifH- <$,
culties and Darkness and Desertion." <$>
Morning— Rev. Thomas Day of San Anselmo <«>
Seminary will preach. Evening— Same. <$-
Morning— "The Bible— lts Origin and Sub- X
ject Matter." Evening— "Paul and Agrip- A
pa." : v-,j - 4>
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <♦>
"The New Birth," with a prelude on In- <i>
. gersoll. . 4
— _
Morning— Rev. Dr. Orello Cone of Law- A
rente, Kan., will occupy the pulpit. Even- A
ing — No service. , <|,
i Morning— "What Gospel Has Religion for %
Modern Man?" Evening— No evening ser- A
inon. ... •••■:.•; <j,
Morning— "Mind." All are welcome. • %
! <•>
Morning— "The Chastening of the Lord." - %
Morning— "The Chastening of the Lord." <>»
<?>
Morning— "A Plain Question and a Right %
Answer." Evening— "Not Discouraged. &
But Hopeful." :^'-= 3,
Afternoon— Mass meeting in auditorium to %
be addressed by Bishop Gainer. ■ <»>
Morning— "The Ordinßtlon of a Clergyman %
Morning— "The OrcMnation of a Clergyman <>"■>
at Decapolis." Evening— "The Tower of <«>
Babel." . . <£
— ■ — I———1 — — — '■ . <j>
Morning— "The. New Age . and the Xew A
Church." Evening— Xo service."' <£
Morning— A. Chatterji will lecture on "The: <|»
.•; Bhagavad Glta." Eyeirlng— "Mysteries of <$>
1 the Beyond." . . . a
I districts there will be 643 masts, not over
forty feet high, each with a 2000 candle
power arc light. Five thousand gas lamps
and 1000 electric lights will he located as
; nearly as possible to where they are sit-
I uated at the present time.
J. B. Crockett, president of the Gas and
Electric Company, appeared before the
! committee and gave certain information
regarding the plans. In his answers, he
took occasion to say:
"It appears to me useless to prepare
these plans, as it is mure than likely that
there will be no bids unless the city pays
its bills."
Mr. Crockett evidently referred to the
fact that there is .iwing to his company
something like $100,000.
Another difficulty in the way of provid
ing' ornamental poles is that no appropria
tion has been made for that purpose, and
in the unsettled state of the city's finances
none is likely to be forthcoming-.
Services at St. Francis.
At • the vesper services in St. Francis
Church this evening- Rev. Father Caraher
will preach a sermon on "The Virgin's
Tomb and the Assumption." On Tuesday
next, the feast of the Assumption, relig
ious services will be observed and the
text of Father Caraher's sermon will be
"Tho Virgin's Glory and Intercessory
Power."
: " THE CREDIT HOUSE" \
Six Stories High
! Dressing table in bird's!
jeye maple, oak and ma-j
jhogany. Graceful design,!
I highly finished. Prettily j
; shaped, swinging, beveled!
I mirror. Roomy drawer for;
[toilet articles $725\
Dressing; tables in all the fashion- ]
I able woods, natural, inlaid, carved — ]
! boudoir beauties $10 to $50.
Nottingham lace curtains, large size;
1 75 cents. Were 51.65.
j Couch covers in Oriental designs in ;
1 great variety. Choice stock, $3.25 up. ;
CARPET DEPARTMENT
I Remnants — Tapestry, Brussells —
|best makes. Small pieces for small!
1 rooms — bed room, dining, room, hall,!
! library. Choice patterns to close out : ]
|$i grade, 75c ; 75c grade, 50c.
! Three thousand yards of carpet — 1
I that is the daily capacity of our electric ]
[carpet sewing machine, and the quality 1
I of its work is better than hand work—!
I mate!. ing of pattern and smoothness of \
1 seam, perfect.
1 1
j Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley \
M FRIEDMAN d CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.
I Open evenings ' Near Stockton !THE
SUNDAY
CALL
MAGAZINE
SECTION
• I 1 I 1 I I w-M I I-I 1 *+* •I-I-M 'I; I -H-C
| TTERMOSILLO, So- $
.1. JTj. Nora, Mexico, August ?
5. — The recent rebellion of ?
X the Indians in the Yaqui ?
4. River country has assumed -,
1* tncu< serious proportions. "T.
•*• Despite the attempts of those *
• • in authority to reassure our -;•
m people it is feared by those ?
'•'• who are in a position to y
•{• thoroughly understand the ■?
? present situation that all the -j*
£ horrors of the "ten years 1 £
? t»«f" are to be duplicated. ?
V O»* 0/ <^ /srj/ overt acts ?
J vf the rebel Yaquis was the £
? killing by torture of E. N. t
J Miller and Jack Ramsey, t
•{• few wJw «'*?•? t
? faibng- a pleasure drive from 4
* Hermosillo to Alamos. The %
f manner of their murder was T
'* particularly atrocious and J£
■; has sent a thrill of horror '£
X throughout the entire com- X
T . T
X munity. .L
? ?
»•}••! ;■?■:■:■: -i-****-:-:--:--!": 1 ■:■ 1 ■;■■! *•
O"f YAQUI Indian never forgets. Be
/ I It for good or 111, his memory Is
1 I as deep as the fathomless depths
» I of the central seas, as long as
•* the limitless circle of the heav
ens and as all-embracing aa eternity
Itself.
There is a tribal saying, "A Yaqul
always remembers a kindness." But,
true though this most certainly Is. he
never repays a favor half so eagerly
and gladly as he repays an Injury, nor
with a rate of interest anywhere near
•o high.
Deal him an injustice, thwart him in
any heart-cherished plan, defraud him
In any way of what he considers to be
his special rights, and he will spend his
lifetime, If need be, In the effort to —
With as little risk to himself, of course,
as is possible— accounts with you
In such a way as to leave a big bal
ance in his own favor. Should death
Unfortunately intervene and prevent
him from giving his personal attention
to the matter of straightening out the
little difficulty between you and him
»elf, his children are only too happy to
me the responsibilities which he,
h against his own will, has been
forced to lay aside. And if they, in
turn, • mselves unaLi
ly discharge the debt of t<- .
with which they have voluntarily bur
: themselves, It is handed down to
come after them; and until
it is liquidated In full, Incipal
Interest, you and your u
are never for a moment out from
the brooding shadow of
danger.
Had it not been for this character.
Istlc of the Yaquis E. N. Miller and
Jack Ramsey would undoubtedly be
alive to-day instead of beir.^. as they
are, hideous charred fragmei I
humanity, exemplfying in th^ horror
of their deaths the devilish savagery of
the Indian natures which for years
have masqueraded in the garb of civ
ilization.
Ever since the conquest of Mexico
by Cortez the work of the priests
among the Mexican Indians has been
constant and untiring, and the Yaquis
have especially distinguished them~
selves In a religious way by their zeal
and earnestness in all that pert;::
churchly work and observances. They
have b-'en baptized, married and buried
by the holy men who have devoted th^ ir
lives to the task of visiting, instruct
ing and counseling them; and to all ap
pearance, up to the last few years, they
were the most sincere and devout of
converts. It has been their custom,
so anxious have they seemed to have
the sanction of religion for all their
acts, to have or.c of th<Mr own number,
generally the best educated man of
the tribe, appointed to represent the
priest officially when he was unable to
be with them in person, and to this
"maestro," as he is called, they have
yielded the most unquestioning defer
ence and obedience.
A history of the Yaquis which was
written by their present tribal ruler.
Governor Corral, states that they are
the furthest advanced of any of the
Mexican tribes and have proved them
selves the most capable of learning and
practically applying the useful arts of
civilization. For many years the men
and women have worn conventionally
fashionable garments made of cotton
or wool which the men have raised
themselves and the women have carded
and spun and woven on home-made
looms. The men have learned to be
skilled machinists, successful farmers,
hardy sailors and pearl fishers, and the
women have earned honest and decent
livings by their spinning wheels and
looms, their needles, or by performing
domestic service in the families of per
sons able to pay for such work-
Up to the year 1887 the civilization of
the Ya<jul seemed to have been, a moat
successful experiment and was a causa
of much self-congratulation among his
white brethren; bur. the story of the>
ears' insurrection under Chief Te
te, which followed that first fatal
uprising, shows that the Indian heart
had always beaten slow and sullen
under the thin cloak or ■ I con.
with which it had suited him to
seem to clothe himself for a time.
Truly "the Yaqui never forgets," for
little wrong carelessly Inflicted,
every trifling injustice, every small ex
hibition of tli" white man's greed in the
matter of lands oi hdise had
1 away along with welgl
rebellion, and when once the
v rch of war was applied to the stead
ily growing pile the fierce flames leapt
high toward the heavens ar.'l turned the
leaden grayneßS of the lowering clouds
Into an ominous crimson which only
too truly foretold of bloody battles to
come.
It was during this rebellion against
the Mexican Government that the seed
was planted which, after lying dor
mant all through the two years of ap
parently smiling peace which followed
■ g of the treaty in 1^97, has
shouldered its way to the surface and
burgeoned and budded and blossomed
and just now borne its noxious fruit
the light of God's sunshine down
in the beautiful Sierra Madre
Mountains in the Mexican State of
ra.
If Jack Ramsey, a small merchant
of the city of Hermosillo, had not, dur
ing the last part of the "ten years'
war," felt it to be either his duty or
his pleasure, or both, to communicate
to the Mexican military authorities cer
tain facts which came into his posses
sion', there would have been nothing
especial for even an Indian to have
remembered about him.
He was a jovial, companionable,
;! kind of a fellow, well liked by
most of those with whom he came in
contact, but he was possessed of an
adventurous spirit which found little
outlet in the dull routine of his avoca
tion, and it suited him— not being over
fond of Indians as a race and particu
larly disliking their methods of war
fare — to do some little detective busi
ness on his own account. The result
of his quiet investigations was some
particularly valuable information which
enabled the Government troops to frus
trate a contemplated strategic move of
their savage enemies and rout them
entirely in the next encounter which
took place between them.
The Indians considered that Ram
sey's interference in the matter of the
temporary disagreement between them
and the Government was both meddle
some and unpleaslng. The^ went fur
ther even and solemnly declared among
themselves that he was responsible for
every drop of Indian blood which was
Bhed in that disastrous battie which
had followed his betrayal of them to
their foes.
From the day that they deliberately
and si rived at this unalt< i
ision Jack Ramsey was a doomed
■
Xo thought of thi«, however, cv
his mind. He had done his duty
It, and having d me it the
jiffair became a matter of the
: ■■ was pro< laimed. The t ■
guaranteeing safety from any further
outbreak was signed. Every Yaqui
who promised to be "pood" was given
a certain amount of land and an op
portunity, did he wish it, to obtain a
thorough knowledge of some branch
of Industry, together with an abund
ance of supplies to keep him In health
and comfort until such a time as he
: t or outgrew the desultory and
itory habits acquired through a
le of warfare and became once
again a respectable, steady- going per
son, industrious and self-supporting aa
of old.
Jack Ramsey went on with his bust
ness affairs serenely and contentedly
and with no Busplcion of the truth
shadowing his honest heart. It never
occurred to him that every stolid In
dian face that he saw was but a con
i lava crust hiding for the tlms
5 a smoldering and seething vol
cano of hatred which was but waiting
for strength enough to burst out and
overwhelm him.
lie never dreamed that every piece of
money and every scrap of merchandise
or barter that passed from Indian hand
to his brought with it a curse aa deep
and deadly as hell itself.
J;irk Ramsey was of a nationality
which forgets, but his enemies were
Yaquis.
T'nsuspicious though he was, how
ever, fate, who oft< n Cor a time seems
to exert herself to save the careless
fir the Ignorant from the consequences
of their own Indiscretions, seemed to
watch over him and prevent him from
falling into the hands of those to whom
his very existence was an offense that
they would never forgive.
He came and went as he would, tak
ing no thought of himself or of possi
ble danger because he never dreamed
that hate was dogging his footsteps-,
but careless as he was it always hap
pened that it was never quite possible
for his foes to work a fitting reveng*
upon him without incurring the cer
tainty of disproportionate trouble for
themselves m reprisal.
The> were a peaceful nation now,
supposedly, and reaping many benefit*
because of that supposition. Life was
long— if the portion of the Individual
failed he could leave the story, with its
y of hate, to the next in sueces
and be sure that some day it
would be brought to a fitting and satis
factory concluFi"n. Meanwhile Jack
Ramsey was well and strong and
hearty, and thos<* who hated him could
afford to wait. They waited for nearly
three years.
Business was a little dull In Hermo
slllo when E. N. Miller arrived there
intent on making a carriage trip
through the mountains for heaith.
HOW THE YAQUI
INDIANS BRUTALLY
MURDERED TWO
AMERICANS
pleasure and profit. Mr. Miller was a
grapher by occupation, a thorough
master of the mechanism of the ca
. and a true artist in his apprecia
tion and treatment of nature's beauties
wherever found. It was his intention
to do some especially valuable work for
the San Francisco Sunday Call during
his stay in Mexico and he was eager
to begin operations without delay.
Delightful as a leisurely drive
through the picturesque mountain re
gions i undoubtedly is there is
yet danger of misadventure to a
stranger should he attempt to follow
the indeterminate roads i-r the less
settled districts with no guidance save
his own general ideas of A
congenial companion, moreover, always
makes even a pleasant Journey ;
anter, and so it was that, most unfor
tunately for b"th of them as it proved,
Mr. Miller proposed to Jack Ramsey to
make the trip to Alamos with him in
his commodious and well-stocked buck
board drawn by two strong and spirited
young horses.
The men started out under the hap
piest auspices. The weather was per
fect; their outfit all that could be de
sired and the prospect before them of
several days of riding and working and
camping together was most satisfac
tory to both. There was no hint of any
impending trouble In the air when they
gayly said good-by to the little group
of loungers who gathered to see them
off on that bright morning, there was
no thought of even a possibility of evil
in either heart as Mr. Milk r gathered
up the reins and started hi 3 horses on
their southward way.
The Sierra Madres are steep and the
roadways are rugged. It was slow
driving, but the scenery is so mag
nificent that all difficulties of prog
are forgotten in the delight of pro
longed vision. The trip was enjoyable
to the highest degree, both from an ar
tistic standpoint and aa an experiment
in companiortshlp, and every one who
saw the two envied them the care-free
happiness which was so evidently
theirs. Not until they wre nearly at
the end of their expedition did the
thunder-clap of doom sound in their
unbelieving ears.
The Indian nature loves to play cat
like with its victims. It has a theatri
cal appreciation of the value of con
trasts and high and low lights. The
swift descent from the heights of hap
piness to the depths of despair adds
much in the savage mind to the desira
bility of a situation. To merely kill for
the sake of removing an obnoxious in
dividual from this state of being is a
very stale and uninteresting perform
ance. Though they are not specially
prone to the use of condiments on their
food they like their revenges highly
spiced.
Unknown to the two white men the
Taqui rebellion, long-smoldering, had
broken out while they, unconscious
even that it had been planned, were
peacefully pursuing their way to their
destination, now comparatively near at
hand. Unknown to them, by means of
the lecxet telegraphy bo well under
stood In all savage nations, the very
moment of their setting forth had been
noted, and every turn of their carriage
wheels had been marked by some un
se< n but vengeful eye.
The Yaqui rebellion, much as It
means to Mexico, meant from the first
all eternity to one man and that man
was Jack Ramsey. Had not another
man been killed in the uprising he could
not have escaped, for with the first
whisper of discontent that had stirred
among the sullen braves his name had
been coupled and his fate been sealed.
It wraa not, however, the Taquis pian
to act hastily. From the hour of their
leaving the city the two white men had
been utterly in the Indians power,
but because they took a grim pleasure
in seeing their prospective victims so
unconscious of the horror that each
breath was bringing nearer to them
they had allowed them to proceed upon
th.lr way until it seemed to their self
appointed executioners that In the tit
ness of things the time for the end had
arrived. . 
When Jack Ramsey's eyes fell on
the first Indian who stepped out from
behind a bush and leveled a rifle at
him he knew that the hour of his
death had come. When he saw that
every bush had been a shelter for an
Indian, and that the road was sud
denly full of them, no longer habited
in the garments of civilization, but clad
only in stained and hideously painted
*ki ; :s decorated with human scalps,
with bristling feathers taking the place
of hats and necklaces of human teeth
and snake rattles taking the place or
the pumpkin-seed and bead adornments
of peaceful times, he knew that an up
rising had taken place and that many
others beside himself were destined to a
cruel d-^ath at the hands of these malig
nant and merciless creatures— savages
still and of the wickedest type, in spite
oi all that had been done to reclaim
them lie knew the Yaquis well, and
he knew as he saw their fierce eyes
bent upon him with demoniac joy that
there was in store for him torture as
excruciating as their ingenious minds
could plan. He had heard during the
previous war of their cutting off the
ears and noses of their victims, and
then their fingers and tcres one by one.
He had heard of their searing the flesh
of their captives with hot irons and
setting fire to their hair. He himself
had once come upon a party of them
engaged in the pleasing operation of
burning a man at the stake. The scalps
and human teeth which adorned them
were, he knew, mementoes of past bar
barities, but what Bpecial form erf suf
fering was destined for him he could
not know; he only knew that it would
be intense — slow, if possible — and In
the end fatal.
It was Miller's misfortune that he
had selected him for a comrade, for by
this act he had signed his own death
•warrant. The Indians hated Ramsey,
and they reasoned that any man who
■would associate with him on terms of
friendliness was of his kind and there
fore deserving of similar punishment.
Resistance was useless, for two men
against 200 could do nothing. It is re
ported that Ramsey, scorning to aak
mercy for himself, begged for the 11X«
of hi? companion, but to no avail. T%»
two were dragged to the ground, kicked,
cuffed and beaten almost to the verf»
of Insensibility, and then a council wu
held to determJn* their ultimata dis
posal. The motive power of hors«i and
carriage was there, and they had or.oe
re tried the experiment ot tyln*
persona to the wheels of a vehicle and
starting the horses on a wild runaway
over these mountain roads.
That had been a long time ago, and
the people upon whom they had tried
the effect of this form of torture — they
were a young married couple on a
pleasure trip — had become Insensible
after the first few bounds of the flee
ing horses, and the delight of seeing
their unconscious bodies mangled
against rocks and trees had been a
qualified and chastened one, sine* after
the initial moments the victim* had
knawn no pain.
The torture of these two men man
be far greater, for one of them had
sinned against the tribe and the other
had sinned In — though all Ignorant
of his offending — giving him the hand
of friendship. Ramsey, by betraying
them, had caused the slaughter of
many of their best braves, and In re
quital he must render up a sacrifice
of his keenest suffering that they
could, with the means at hand, devise,
and Incidentally Miller must contribute
his share of agony to the ceremony of
expiation.
The two men were stripped and
bound to the wagon wheels with heavy
chains, drawn so tightly as to cut Into
the flesh at every point of contact.
Inflammable oil was then poured liber
ally over their heads and bodies and
over the wagon to which they were
fastened and then the whole horrible
funeral pyre was set ablaze.
Strong hands held the frantlo horses
until the eyes of the 200 leaping , danc
ing, shrieking, howling demons "were
satiated with the sight of those two
piteous white bodies in their garments
of scorching, seething, searing flame,
writhing and twisting and bending In
the vain effort to shorten their agonies
by forcing death to come more quickly.
But the Indians had done their work
so skillfully that for a time death stood
aloof and looked on with them at this
soul-sickening spectacle of hideous and
untrameled savagery.
At last, however, even this sight
palled upon the on-lookers, eager to
run the whole gamut of horrors, and
then fire was applied to the oil-soaked
backs of the plunging horses, the In
dians sprang away into safety before
their maddened onrush, and down the
mountain road they fled— blazing hor
ror of human and brute agony, a fiery
chariot within which death rode tri
umphant, while fiends incarnate held
the charring reins.
The next morning the inhabitants of
Alamos found, just outside the limits
of the town, all that was left of men
"and horses — a shapeless mass of cin
dered bone and flesh and twisted
chains— horror to haunt their dreama, t
The Taquis never forget. 4
v AX.VAKADO FERNANDEZ i22
FIRTST FILIPINO CIRCUS AND VILLAGERS
EVER
IN THE
UNITED
STATES
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
7-^HF. vi it to San Francisco and appearance at the forthcoming Mechanics'
[nstltute Pair of the royal circus and villagers of the Philippine Islands is
;,!, event uuhiue of Its kind and, therefore, well calculated to arouse more
than :i passing int. rest in the minis of the general public.
Never before In the history of these fair and far-away Islands have any of
their Inhabitants pi\en the world outside their comparatively small domain an
opportunity of learning aught of their customs, habits or amusements save by
the expensive and fatiguing means of personal travel or through the unsatisfac
tory medium of books.
Our visitors represent two distinct classes of the Filipino race— one the
trained public performers, the other the rustic and uncultured villagers who ply
their simple arts Just 4a their forefathers have done in nil tho years pone past.
Between the villagers and the circus people, however, there is a great gulf
nx*,i. The villagers are as friendly and companionable as good-natured, un
spoiled children, but the circus m> ;i and women will have none of them. There
fore the villagers and the proud "professionals" eat, work and spend their hours
of idleness as strictly apart as if a matt rial and insurmountable barrier was
raised between them.
Quite the "cutest" member of rhe aggregation Is Its mascot, the little four
weeks-old Mascot, who was horn at sea and <■; a Sunday, and well deserves Its
name in that It is particularly bright and Interesting and a general favorite
wherever seen. "Hercules," one ol the three champion strong men. and little
"Cuyid," his special pet and protege, are also particularly important persons in
their own lines, and. moreover, are well awnre "f that fact. The only thing that
struck blase two-year-old "Cupid's" fancj during his ride up from the ferry tn.e
of his arrival on these fchores was tho majestic Call building, the magnifi
cent proportions of which evidently :ill<il his \outhful soul with awe. since it
caused him to splutter excited infantile fragments of his native dialect all the
way to the Pavilion.
Mariano Marcelles l_ivisn (Juzgado de Paz de Alavo),Abano Sucartre. atypical
Manila "dune" and heartbreaker, and the musician who does not know a note of
written music but has playi I ;< French horn by ear and led the Manila band
for twenty years, were persuaded, much against the will of the band leader, who
considers that he belongs to the superior class, to have their pictures taken
together, with a result gratifying to themselves and the artist.
Taken altogether, our Phiitppine visitors seem to be specimens of a docile and
good-tempered race, two of whose < hlef characteristics are an inordinate love of
really good cigarettes and a certain innocent conceit which is as engaging as
the firs; Belf-appreciation at a petted child.
The trirk ponies— stout and shaggy little fellows — .are quite a feature of their
oddly attractive entertainment, but the three b/uge*water buffalos, or earabao, as
they are called In Tin: Philippines, will probably more than rival them In the
estimation of the American public. Thesi; massive creatures, with their immense
low-spreading horns and .slow and clumsy movements, are. the chief dependence
of thi? native Filipinos of the peasant class. Living, they bear all the burdens
and do all the work of the community which holds them prisoners, and dead, their
coarse-grained but nourishing flesh forms a staple article of food for those
whose chief support they have been In life.
The efforts of these three strange and uncannily fierce-looking creatures to
break away from their keepers when they were first landed on the water front,
in order to enjoy a bath in the salt water, nearly created a stampede of the
crowd which gathered to gaze at them. It is reassuring to know that in spite o*
their forbidding appearance, they are as gentle and as lazy as over-fed kittens,
and that even littla "Cupid" can rld« upon their backs and guide them as ho
willA Home Without a Kitchen and Dipper
Prepared without Use of
a Stove.
I HAVE been out to dinner.
Now to merely be invited out to
dine is not, I grant you, a very
wonderful thing, even in the career
of a newspaper worker. But to be
a guest at such a dinner as fell to my
lot upon this special occasion is of a
verity an event.
I was bidden — in a commonplace,
prosaic way — to an ideal feast, given
by an ideal host and hostess in an ideal
establishment within which no kitchen
has a place!
The sun had been all day casting its
most ardent glances through the clear
California air upon beautiful Alameda,
and all nature in that locality looked
not a little tired and overheated. My
hostess, however, though she is from
choice her own maid-of-all-work, met
me at the door arrayed In the crispest
and freshest of organdies, and with no
more than the usual faint hint of color
upon her rather thin but smiling face.
"You look delightfully cool, but you
shouldn't have troubled to get a 'com
pany dinner' on such a day as this!" I
declared conti'itely. "I would not have
come if -I had not promised. It must
be little short of martyrdom to be
chained to a cookstove in such weather
as this!"
"It isn't at all short of it," was the —
in these days of conventional and in
sincere politeness — unexpected and
rather discomposing reply.
There cannot be much real enjoyment
In a meal over the preparation of which
one's hostess has fcund reason to feel
like this. But it was too late to re
treat with dignity, however much I
wished to hie me to other scenes.
One week before I had been fortunate
enough to accompany Mr. ' and Mrs.
Danford A. Henshaw during one of
their long but enjoyable rambles over
hill and dale in search of new worlds
to conquer in the shape of picturesque
bits of scenery which they might make
their own by the simple process of a
snapshot. We had met on the sympa
thetic plane of mutual camera enthu
siasm, and before we parted I ha<:
honored by an invitation to dinner.
"It won't be at all the kind of
a dinner you are accustomed to,"
Mrs. Henshaw had said, with, how
ever, no hint of apology in her
tone or manner, "but it will be whole-
Eome and good, and, I assure you
reaily just the kind of a repast
which you ought always to eat.
•I am sorry you broiled yourself for
me." I said feebly as I followed the
crisp organdie into the pleasant \
where Mr. Henshaw awaited us. "The
dinner in the world wouldn't pay
f :• that."
"We've got the very best dinner in
the world, I promise you," declared he.
as he ruse to welcome me, "but my wife
didn't broil or bake or boil or fry her
ver it — in fact, we haven't a cook
stove in the house, so she couldn't if
dad wished to. Ours is a home
without a kitchen, you see."
A home without a kitchen! My
tal barometer f- a !l tremendously,
for I had eaten "sent in" dinners be
and considered them a delusion
and a snare, having generally found
them about as savory and appetizing
as chips and sawdust.
The dining-room was very cool and
Americans Versus Chinese
Pupils in Our Public Schools
Sunday Call First to Present the Facts in the Case.
Sunday can First to present *he pa C*S *n the Case-
THE "Sunday Kxaminer Magazine"
of August 6. !n an article entitled,
"Chinese Boy Gains Highest Pr-r
--centage In San Francisco Public
Schools," has placed the Chinese
public school of this city in a false
light and has most grossly misrepresent
ed the capabilities of our own little sons
and daughters.
The indignant protest that has arisen
from the School Department and from
: rs and mothers upon all sides war-
pleasant, and the small table in the
middle of the floor, spread with the
finest and snowiest of linen, shining
silver, polished glass and delicate
china, looked very inviting.
In the center of the table was a tall
cut-glass dish of mixed fruits— oranges,
apples, peaches, apricots and pears.
Flanking it on one side was a large
platter of bananas, and on the other
a pitcher of graceful shape full of the
foamiest and creamiest of milk. A
glass bowl of strawberries, a dish of
daintily shred lettuce, a i-late of rais
ins, a little delft dish of cream cheese,
and a china vegetable dish full of
cracked almonds, pecana md walnuts,
completed save for plates and glasses
and the accompanying cutlery and
napkins— the furnishing forth of the
festal board.
It was quite evident, I thought, that
I had fallen Into the hands of a pecu
liar people who preferred, for seme oc
cult reason, to cat their dinners back
ward as it were. We were evidently
going to eat our dessert first, and fo.
as I always pride myself upon my
adaptability to circumstances, I ac
cepted a glass of the milk and some of
the nuts, Intending to amuse myself
politely with them until the dinner it
self appeared.
But alas and alas, for the hollow un
der my shirt v. aist, which the hour,
Ined with the trip across the bay,
had made to feel like unto the Mam
moth cave! There was no further din
ner forthcoming. These nuts and
fruits and gentle lacteal accompani
ment? were the alpha and omega of
the entertainment; and while telling
m^ this my entertainers gazed at me
with the lieht of beneficent compassion
in their clear eyes, because In truth
they could not but know that my
r nature Becretly craved the
soup and fish and meats and vege
tables and pastry of the ordinary un
regenerate cvi :>\ne meal.
"We have lived in this way for eigh
teen years." declared Mr. Henshaw,
beaming at me benevolently — "ever
since we were married, in fact, and be
that hairy esrent I lived in this
same way ever after I arrived at years
..f discretion. It is, I firmly believe,
the only proper and thoroughly satis
factory" way of nourishing the body."
"And you never eat meat?" My host
shook his head as decidedly as if I had
asked him if he made a practice of eat
ing mice, ami a shadow of disgust
passed over his wife's delicately ex
pr< BSive countenance. "Nor fish?"
Again the panorama of shake and
shadow. "Nor"— this llngeringly, be
of my own schoolgirly predilec
tions- "cakes, n r pies, nor puddings?—
Oh. dear:- How can you?"
"Nor bread, nor cooked things of any
description, in fact. And we <irink no
tea nor coffee, nor anything <>f that
kind, and we use no stimulants what
ever; and we do it very easily, I assure
you."
Ami you can live, and work and be
happy on a continuous diet of such
things as these?"
"We have done so together for
eighteen years," repeated Mr. Ken
shaw, "ai . hat, as 1 told you, 1
did s.i alone. I ha that such
food answers all the requirements of
my nature, and I believe it Is the nat
ural food of man. Nothing would In
to eat the flesh of another ani
mal. The very thought of so doing is
unspeakably abhorreni to me, and has
been ever since I began to think inde
rants The Sunday Call in giving the facts "One of Its pupils. Wong Bock Yue at
of the case and facing San Fran|sco: S taine^a Wghe^percentage than «*££«
bright boys and girls right in the eyes of % e hl ghMt average of any white stn
the world. dent was made by Robert Dougherty of
In the first place the entire unreliability the ninth grade of the Mission Grammar
and carelessness of the Examiner article School. He got through with 94 per cent,
can be well shown from the story Itself or 3 per cent less than was attained by
S2SBBK 3&Bffi S^Hk the »i tIS ¥$£?%T*
• 'The y take the same le=sons all in percentage as Robert Dougherty th«
English and at the m nal examinaUons highest white boy. The seventh grade of
mak-P a «ohool reoorrt of 100 per cent V the Chinese school ran from 84 to 97, a
It would be natural to suppose from the remarkably high average In the fourth
ab£ve that the little Celestials were per- grade gjf-g^/^^OT'ffi
Continuing, the story runs: lower than 82 In some of the white
"There is a public school of Chinese grades some of the pupils ran as low as
pupils in San Francisco, and It has just zero, while one entire grade averaged only
made itself felt with something of a jolt 16. ni.tr ♦*„
in the understanding of the great white "We must give V> one Bock l ive the
men who make the educational wheels credit which the figures stand for and
bo around in the 'velly big city.' call him the top notch pupil in the lists.
"At the recent examinations this school That all Founds pretty hard on the
of Celestial youngsters reached a higher "white grades," hut we shall see later on
percentage than any other public school that good blood will tell, and the little
having no grade higher than the seventh, white boys and girls take top notch
The percentage was 100. places in spite of the Examiner s state
-1 ment to the contrary.
The above quotations well Illustrate the
confusion in the mind of the writer and
the general unintelligibility of the article.
In one place it says "THE PERCENT
AGE WAS 100." in the next "WONG
BOCK YUE ATTAINED A HIGHER
PERCENTAGE THAN ANY OTHER
PUPIL OF ANY GRADE OR COLOR IN
THE CITY." and that his percentage was
pendently on the many questions of
life. Milk is a natural food, as is
proven by the fact that nature herself
supplies it for the -use of the young of
both man and beast."
Mrs. Henshaw here passed me a plate
of salad, which, being dressed only
with pepper, salt and oil, I found myself
unable to really enjoy. She also placed
a generous slice of the cream cheese
upon my plate, and gave me a heaping
saucer of strawberries. I looked about
for a sugar-bowl, but was doomed to
disappointment.
"We never eat sugar," said Mrs.
Henshaw, noticing my visual search
among the dishes and speaking sweetly
enough almost to make up for the miss
ing article. "Saccharine foods are
quite as bad for the stomach as meats
and starchy edibles. They all tend to
create an unnatural appetite for liquids,
and are exciting rather than soothing
and nourishing in their effect upon the
general system."
"It was never intended that artificial
heat should be applied to anything de
signed to enter the stomach. The chem
ical changes caused by such applica
tion render even fruits and grains unfit
fu>- the purpose for which they were In
tended.
"Hananas are the most satisfying
fruits of all," declared Mrs. Henshaw,
peeling a large, fat one deftly as she
spoke, "and apples are nnet;r t ; after them
come all the others — pears, apricots,
peaches, oranges, pomegranates and all
kinds of berries and grapes. Then nuts
are excellent, particularly almonds. We
have a wide iield to choose from, you
see."
It seemed rather a narrow one to me,
accustomed as I am to a far more ex
trusive range, but I chewed a raisin
THE SUNDAY C&LTj.
firmly and reflectively and said nothing
in dissent.
It is, of course, delightful for a
•woman to be emancipated from the
thralldom of a cook-stove. A house
which contains no kitchen and never
harbors within its walls the reek of
steam, the c-dor of fried onions or boiled
cauliflower or burning fat or any other
cooking-produced smell which wages
aggressive warfare on sensitive nostrils,
must be pre-eminently satisfactory in
one way; but in another it certainly
could never be to me. Mrs. Henshaw
rejoices in the extra time which her
freedom from the heaviest burden o-f
housewifely care gives her. There is
no storm of preparation raging about
her exquisitely served repasts, and no
deadly, monotonous calm of "clearing
up" follows after them. Her regimen,
she declares, gives her a clear mind in
a sound body, and time to read and
study and think. She stands shoulder
to shoulder with her husband as a
bread-winner, and their marriage,
which took place at eea and was a ro
mantic "love match" between a pretty
native daughter of Santa Cruz and a
man Jhirty-five years her senior, has
been a particularly happy one.
Mr. Henshaw, who owns to 70, and
has eaten only nuts and uncooked
fruits and grains for over forty years,
looks like an astonishingly well-pre
served and vigorous man of 50, and his
pretty wife, who is really 35, looks like
a girl in her twenties.
I thought of this as I was wending
my way restaurant-ward after parting
from my kind and hospitable acquaint
ances, and for a moment hesitated. But
hunger was strong within me. I touk
my seat in my usual corner, and gazed
unflinchingly in the mirror beside me
at the hint of crow's feet in the outside
corners of my eyes.
"I might look young at 70 if I ate only
raw things," I reflected, "and hay?
more time to improve my mind .ilso;
but"— and here I shuddered— "l should
be starving hungry every blessed min
ute of the time"'
And then I ordered my dinner.
CLARA DOUGLASS.
97; then again, "IN TITH FOURTH
GRADE (PRIMARY) AN INDIVID
UAL PERCENTAGE OF 99 WAS AT
TAINED." „
In other words In Its own story the Ex
aminer puts Wong Bock Yue a* the "top
notch pupil" at 97 per cent, and then im
mediately makes a statement that an
other little Chinese boy had 99 per cent.
WHY WAS NOT THE FOURTH
GRADE BOY AT 99 PER CENT GIVEN
CREDIT ABOVE THE SEVENTH
GRADE BOY. WHO ONLY RECEIVED
VI PER CENT? It further states:
"There Is a daily attendance of about
37,000 pupils In the San Francisco public
schools. Wong Book Yue has, approxi
mately, 36.999 competitors. He holds a
higher record than any."
Wong Bock Yue could easily give the
Examiner a little lesson in arithmetic.
He could tell them that 97 is not as h<Kh
a percentage as 99 and also that a class,
the highest member of which had 97. could
hardly be credited with making "a school
record of 100 per cent."
Miss Thayer, the principal of the Chi
nese school, upon being questioned ex
pressed the greatest regret that such an
article had appeared, placing the Chinese
boys in a false light and at the expense
of the white children of the city. In
Bpeaking of the matter she said:
"A YOUNG MAN CAME HERE FROM
THE EXAMINER AND WISHED TO
TAKE SOME PICTURES AND LOOK
AT THE SCHOOL RECORDS. OF
COURSE I COULD NOT ALLOW HIM
TO DO EITHER AND REFERRED HIM
TO THE PROPER AUTHORITIES. I
DID TELL HIM THAT WONG BOCK
YUE OF THE SEVENTH GRADE HAD
MADE &7 PER CENT. BUT I ALSO
TOLD HIM THAT TWO BOYS OF THE
FOURTH GRADE HAD MADE 99 PER
CENT EACH; AND WU¥ THE EXAM
INER SHOULD PICK OUT WONG
BOCK YUE AS THE HIGHEST IS BE
YOND MY COMPREHENSION. I TOLD
HIM THAT IN THOSE TWO GRADES,
THE FOURTH AND SEVENTH, NONE
OF THE BOYS HAD FAILED OF PRO
MOTION. AND THAT IS POSSIBLY
WHAT THE EXAMINER MEANT
WHEN IT STATED THAT THEY
Can You Guests the Exact Time of the
Arrival of the California
Vounteers?
IF 50 YOU CAN WIN $50 AND ALSO HAVE THE HONOR OF DONATING
$50 TO THE QbNERAL FUND OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
J~^ VERT BODY is on the tiptoe of expectancy as to the date of the arrival of the California vol
f~^ unteers. Can you guess tlie exact time, if not how near? To the person ivho guesses the near
est to the exact time (day, hour, minute and second) the Sunday Call wiR give $ioo, one-half of
which (SSO) goes to the lucky guesser and the other half (SSO) will be donated in the nanu of that
person to the general funds of the entertainment committee.
The Merchants' Exchange of this city will furnish thi official record of the sighting of Xh%
transport, and from that record the decision will be made.
The terms of the contest are:
All guesses must be made on a coupon cut from the Daily or Sunday Call.
Each person is allowed to fill out as many coupons as desired and they may be mailed each 'day
or all together, at the pleasure of the guesser.
No coupons will be received or entered into the contest that bear a postmark later than Augusf 20.
Fill out this coupon and mail to Coupon Editor Sunday Call.
j / GUESS THAT THE TRANSPORT SHERMAN WITH THE §
; CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS WILL BE SIGHTED BY THE $
I TIMEKEEPER OF THE MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE AT: |
c Jftonth • *Date JPour ..... 9/finute .• . • . Second* . . «^« A
1 * en -^ • • • '
) /fame ••• ■..•.........».-•••••.. •■•«•-•.»■••.••-•«••••»•«« />
i •sidaress. • •••••••••• .•^....^ ...^. ... *
A Groom of Ninety-One Years
And a Bride oF Eighty-Six
HAD "MADE A SCHOOL RECORD OF
100 PER CENT ' ALTHOUGH A STATE
MENT OF THAT KIND REALLY
MEANS SOMETHING ENTIRELY DIF
FERENT. FURTHER, THIS IS NOT AT
ALL FAIR," and Miss Thayer pointed
out the following:
For example, the Chinee are of a more ad
vanced age than the whites when they enter
school. The American urchin takes his rreaay
little primer to the schoolroom when he Is T.
The Celestial aspirant for white knowledge is
nurtured at home until he Is old enough to
know something before he Is trusted to try
his speed. He is about 12 when he ventures
Into the llfcht. He has got ready to <So a little
thinking when properly Invited.
"I HAVE BOYS HERE 6 YEARS OLD.
THE CHINESE ARE NOW BEING EN
ROLLED AT RELATIVELY THE
SAME AGE OF WHITE CHILDREN."
The Chinese boys have done well under
Miss Thayer's able supervision and they
deserve credit, but not to the detriment
of the white children.
Now for the truth of the matter and
the exact relative standing of Chinese
and white school children as AERIFIED
BY THE OFFICIAL RECORDS—dis
regarding the emanations of the fertile
brain of a Sunday Examiner scribe.
Robert Dougherty, who had 94 per cent,
did not attain "the highest average of
any white student," for ALMA TADD
OF THE SIXTH GRADE IN THE
HAIGHT SCHOOL HAD !>9 PER CENT,
5 per cent higher than Robert Dougherty
and 2 per cent higher than Wong Bock
Yue,
Wong Bock Yue had his average beaten
in his own school and by his own country
men, for in the fourth grade Vim Dye
Kee and Chan Bing Gay both had 99 per
cent.
Now with reference to the relative men
tality of the white children and the Chi
nese youngsters a close comparison can
be drawn by another glance at the offi
cial records.
In Wong Bock Yue's class there were
but seven pupils and these had averages
as follows: No. 1. 97: No. 2. 95; No. 3, 94;
No 4, 94: No. 5, 92; No. 6, 90; and No. 7,
84. Adding these averages together and
Wife's House. Where Marriage Occurred, and Where They Will R«slde
dividing: by 7 gives a class average of
92 2-7 per cent.
In Alma Tadd'a class at the Haight
School Miss Mary A. Haswell principal
and Miss C. Sweeney teacher, the aver
ages were as follows: No. 1, 99; No. 2,
97 4-.",; No. 3, 97 3-5,- No. 4, 97 1-5; No. 5,
97 1-3; No. 6, 97 1-5; and No. 7, 97; which
gives an average for the first seven in
the class of 97 4-7 per cent, or 5 2-7 PER
CENT HIGHER THAN THE CELES
TIALS. In other words, the first seven
of the Haight School class did as well as
and even better than Wong Bock Yue.
DOZENS AND DOZENS OF WHITE
CHILDREN DID AS WELL AS ROB
ERT DOUGHERTY OF THE MISSION
*-y ANTA BARBARA, Aug. 10.— D««plte
VOv the fact that he Is almost a cente-
YJ narlan the Rev. David Davis of
M Summerland Is a bridegroom, and
A last Sunday night the whole town
gathered to rejoice with him and
wish him many additional years of Ufa
In which to enjoy his new-found happi
ness.
At this reception, in addition to other
guests, there were four generations of tha
families of the Just married couple, the
great-great-grandchild of Mr. Davis, re
cently born in Florida, being too young
to take the Journey across the continent,
even with so laudable an object In view
as offering congratulations In person to
his aged relative.
Mr. Davis has been for years a spirit
ualist lecturer, and before entering that
ftith was for a long time- a clergyman
In the Congregational Church. His Im
promptu speech, delivered In response to
the address of congratulation made By
Rev. M. E. Taylor, who officiated at the
wedding, convinced every one who heard
It that he has lost little If any of the
forensic flre with which he hits electrified
audiences since his early youth.
Though lacking only nine years of the
century mark Mr. Davis Is still sprightly
and is able to run up and down the hills
surrounding Summerland, on which are
the homes of his children and the children
of his wife. He is over six feet tall and
bears himself erect; his eyesight Is good,
and his memory remarkable, taking him
back even to the days before the war with
England in 1812 and 1813.
Lucy Elizabeth Crossup Bennett-Davis,
the bride, la a native of Nova Scotia.
where many of her family still reside.
Several of her children are residents of
San Francisco, where also live a num
ber of her grandchildren and great-grand
children. She carries her eighty-six years
lightly and speaks with confidence of
many more to come, as her father, s>he
state*, met an untimely death at the age
of 109, being killed by a falling tree
Irranch while he was at work In the
woods. This Is her fourth voyage on the
matrimonial sea. She was 50 years old
when her youngest daughter, Mrs. Kemp
ton, was married, and Mrs. Kempton in
now a grandmother. These generations
live In cottages clustered about that in
which the newly married couple will
dwell and above these, on the same hill,
is the home of George Davis, a son of tho
groom, whose roof shelters as many gen
erations of the Davis family. Recently a
reunion of the Day's family was held, at
which there were present nlnety-slx de
scendants of the Rev. David Davis. Mrs.
Davis positively knows of but twenty
three direct descendants, although Bhe la
certain that her family is very large.
The bride Is owner of the cozy little
home in which the marriage took placo
and here the couple will hereafter live.
Mr. Davis draws a pension from the Gov
ernment for the death of a son tn the
Civil War and this, with oth«r email
means, makes them Independent of their
many offspring. FRED T. DUEN.
SCHOOL WHOM THE EXAMINER EX
PL OfTED AS THE HIGHEST WHITE
CHILD- AND A GREAT MANY RE
CEIVED OVER 97 PER CENT.
In the Chinese seventh grade there, are
only seven pupils and all of the seven,
were promoted; but it is hardly fair to
credit such a small class with a "school
record of 100 per cent" when the white
classes are so much larger. Alma Tadd'a
class comprised forty-six and of that
number only one failed In the examination
for promotion and three were held on ac
count of absence through sickness or oth
er causes So our boys and girls are not
nearly so stupid as the Examiner would
have the world think.
23no_textno_text24
Sterling Hints for Practical Housekeepers
GOOD HOUSEWIVES
ATTENTION
READ AND LEARN.
ONK of the handsomest home* !n part !n the d°slfrn. The floor is laid with
- to Hm. 3. M. email tiling:, with ornate border and ren-
VVeJsh. The three views given are tor piece. Between the newels at the foot
■\, drawing-room of the stairs Is a conventional harp hav
and bedroom. Ing antique copper strings. Just above the
The hall is finished in antique oak. rirh- first landing is an art Kias* window repre
ly ear\ ■•". dragons playing an Importa I Pomona. The hatrnok is built
Marion Harland Gives Some
Pointers on Proper
Way to Eat.
IF there V>° a self-evident fact in every
day hygeine, it is thai
_• clogs and irritates
X.i other
Is so sham* :;d constantly
•■- ■ human animal
t bitant is 1 h<- Cnited r^u-
America. The most stupid lout of a
hostler knows that a horse ir.'i.-t have
time for chewing hi? oats, or he w
hungry; the- sen i ild tell you that
while chickens I corn and g
down worms, the gizzard stands sentinel
over the stomach, doing thoroughly the
part of grinders and Incisors. The
is the best example of all our -
ble dumb teachers. The wondrous wise
Ith which s 1 -.;-* munches cud by the
hour is a proverb an
creation is ru>t
ashamed to seek In l ■ • . which in
a - to her wisdon medy for
the brought upon herself by obsi
..- duty her <'x;;mi>
•
ft is i a nil -• thing to talk or wrJ
as I imitted. A 5 "not b
th< act of mastication la unseemly,
ment of the jaws in
sition of -.'•
■• . . to them Is no tnoi
winking aa usual" en ioim ■< by
the ph tographer. This is emphatically
trui when food is cut small before it is
Big moutbfuls and bolting are
alike pa rt of th
rn»st. n^t satirized, by the rau
cous t of the brake] half
wa h ■■:.• ■■. "E*iy( ro autea :'"r refresh
n. ts."
Mr. Gladstone did nol consider i; undig
: .• ■ • secret of the sanit>
I pi olonged through tour
s ■ chew Ing i■
; every morsel of > '
.- mouth. The family physician who
ed one of our great men, lately de
d, in hie awfully brief final ';'■
Bharp ;it:.i' ks
nan for sev
■
eating hur*
i ,•■
-. . If the truth
wore told s of
"mysterious visitations" business men
i enlightened, but not
at es.
i physii al impossibility to eat prop
erly and to digest with any prospect of
healthful asstmilation a meal of coffee.
hot rolls ami fried potatoes in five.
■ s, or In fifteen. Yet this is what
the commuter, the clerk, the collegian
■ of other men, including an oc
casion illst, try to do six day? in
I . week. They eat as they live— on the
jump. When an especially audacious
jump lands th«m in the grave, intelligent
tists affect to wonder with th« *•<■»♦
of mankind at the untimely taking off.
Breakfast Table Incorrectly Laid.
The stomach is long suffering and kind,
but hot omnipotent. The salivary glands
are her natural and most efficient allies.
"bolter" tK's off supplies from t.ie
source. The chunks of solid matter,
1 d wn with scalding liquid or iced
. more than the other gastric
- can manage. The result is as srre
as the addition of two and two followed
I y the subtraction of four.
A judicious rr.other, who has made
phy3io] gy a Btudy for her children's
hes her little ones to chew the
well-cooked cereals that form the sta; le
of their breakfast. Furthermore, that it
is indecent to swallow anything except
liquids without chewing it. Tin : ule is
not arbitrary. Ea< h child comprehends
th* office of the saliva, that the an
of chrwing- excites it. and that ' tee
crude lumps of anything into the torn:, h
is absolutely wrong.
In '.he chance that other mothers may
imitate her example lies the only hopf of.
the American stomach. The adult bolter
is joined to his evil practice. H» is feed
ing with egg coal an engine that was built
to be run with pea coal, ailing to the
"mischief" done the delicate machinery
the outrage of chucking in and packing
down the fuel.
Comforts.
Big, fluffy, seneible outdoor pillows and
cushions, with strong washable covers,
are now counted among the rerjulsites of
summer indispensables. They must not
be fashioned for show, but for "solid com
fort." And whether the home is surroun*-
Ed by shady hammock-hung trees and
roomy porches, or simply the one tiny
porch over the front door, cozy nooks can
be surely found somewhere where ham
mneks can be stretched, and cushions and
pillows and easy-chain will invite repose.
In planning those lounging comforts, in
the way of cushion* and pillows the first
consideration should be durability. When
In daily use on the porch or in the ham
mock they will Boon In-come soiled and
will be very unsatisfactory unless made
of durable and washable material. A
pretty hammock pillow not only adds ad
ditional comfort, but gives a touch of col
or that is charming. A material must be
selected that will not fade when exposed
to the bud nor lose color and beauty if
left out in an occasional shower. The btst
materials are Turkey-red of the best qual
lf. blue -l.'nim and gray linen.
An attractive hammock pillow recently
finished had a cover of Turkey-red
stamped in what in called a starfish pat
tern then outlined In white working-cot
ton On the reverse side were the own
er> initials worked in white, and the pil
low was .set together with white braid as
a piping.
Another more elaborate one of Mue
denim was outlined In .-i stnr and crescent
pattern in white. The ends of the pillow
v"er^ rut in points and eyelets worked in
<;-ch point then laced with blue cotton
cord over a strip of white linen, which
was tacked to thr- pillow and could easfh
be removed when soiled.
Common gray toweling with a red stripe
on f-nch side made a cover for a tnird
pillow. At each Bide of the stripe was
worked a row of cat-Rtltching In red
madonna cotton, and on the upper side
of the pillow, aleo in red. the words.
"Sweet be thy dreams." Another one.
similar to the last, was of buff linen
workt-d in brown wash silks.
Odd t'ties in limbreUas
Many curious umbrellas are made. One
seen can be taken apart and put in one's
pocket. The stick is of wood about an
Inch In diameter. The cover can hi
turned inside out and folded into a email
bundle. By touching a spring tbe ribs
come off, straighten out, and may be
placed in the hollow of the stick, which is
then a presentable walking-stick, says the
Woman's Home Companion. It is found
very convenient by its, owner, who is a
drummer.
Another is still more ingenious. The
handle is curved and when a spring is
pressed a pipe files out. The ribs are
stowed away in the center, and the own
er has a walking stick, but in the center
there in also a rapier, which may be
drawn out.
Another neat Invention is a hollow stock
which contains a camp chair. Three steel
supports are pressed out of the top of
the stick, a triangular piece of canvas
put on and a seat Is had which is at
feast as comfortable as a bicycle saddle.
All of these strange umbrellas come from
the old world. ' '
The umbrella-makers say that Euro
peans take much more pride in their um
brellas than do people of this country.
Many little jokes are concealed in . the
umbrella handle there. A handle may
present the appearance of a monkey or
a cat or some other animal, and a secret
spring will cause the little creature to
open its mouth and spurt a drop of co
logne on the beholder. •
■ .» ■
Bobby— Popsy, what's political
economy?
Popsy— to buy any more votes
than you absolutely need.— Life. •
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Useful Receipts
...a nd...
Little Tricks
...in...
PICKLED- BLACKBERRIES— To each
quart of fruit allow oik- cup of sugar
and three tablespoons of vinegar; boil
vinegar and sugar with a teaspoon each
of alspice and whole cloves and ' a few
smali pieces of 'cinnamon for at least
twelve minutes. . Strain, pour over berries
and boil very slowly for twenty minutes
or longer. • , . %
SMOTHERED CHlCKEN— Prepare the
chicken as though for frying Place
pieces in an. agate pan (the kind usail for
baking corn bread), salt, pepper, and sift
over a little flour, Cut a good-steed piece
of butter into small pieces and drop over
chicken Pour in pan about two oupfula
of warm water;, cover with another pan
and place in oven. Cook until chicken is
tender. Take, from oven, make a rich
gravy of milk, and cr«am, thickened with
flour' and allowed to simmer "a few mo- -
ments. Serve On small pieces of buttered
toast.
'Desseris forjCuncheon and Xjca.
MAPLE SUGAR CAKE— Cream', one cup
of butter, with one of sugar; add yolks of
three eggs, then one cup of milk and three
of flour, sifted twice. Add beaten whiles
of eggs and lastly two heaping teaspoon
fuls of baking powder. Bake in deep layer
tins. ,
FILLING— A cup of maple sugar and
enough water or milk to moisten well.
Boil until stringy when allowed to drip
from spoon. Beat well, adding the beaten
whites of two eggs. Spread between lay
ers, and if desired add chopped walnuts.
TEA CAKES— Two eggs beaten sep
arately- To the yolks add four table
spoonfuls of sugar, four cups of flour and
two teaspoons of baking powder. Stir
three cups of milk into yolks, add flour
and whites of eggs. Bake in muffin pan.
Sprinkle tops with cinnamon and sugar.
Serve hot.
COCOANUT CUSTARD— PIace in sauce
pan two cups of fresh milk. Heat slowly.
Beat the yolks of four eggs, adding a cup
of sugar. Stir In boiling milk, drop in a
small piece of butter. Thicken- with two
teaspoons of cornstarch. When thick
enough' take from stove, flavor with va
nlla. beat in the four whites of eggs and
a cup of shredded cocoanut. Pour in bowl
and beat whites of two eggs, adding five
tablespoonsful of powdered sugar for the
top of pudding. Place on ice and serve
very cold with whipped cream.
RASPBERRY SHORTCAKE— Take six
shredded wheat biscuits, dip in milk and
lay on a buttered pan. Place in oven, heat
through, halve and butter. Place rasp
berries between and cover with whipped
cream. Serve immediately.
WATERMELON— A delicious way to
serve watermelon on a hot day is to
"plug" the melon, pour in a small bottle
of sauterne or a sweet wine, then allow
to stand on ice for a few hours.
"Delicious Summer 'Drinks.
The following non-alcoholic hot-day
drinks are delicious and cooling. They
are simple, wholesome and delightfully
refreshing:
• PEACH CUP— Peel and slice eight or ten
juicy peaches into a deep dish; cover with
!-,ut;t.r and allow to stand twenty minutes.
Press through a colander and then
squeeze through a jelly bag. Pour into
a pitcher of crushed Ice; add a few sprays
of mints and a tablespoonful of arrack!
Serve immediately.
CLARET CUP— Into a punchbowl put
half a sherry glass of benedlctine, half the
same glass <>t curacoa; the juice of six
lemons, one buttle of apollfnaris, two bot
tles of claret, half a pound of sugar, pow
dered, a few slices of oranges cucumber
and pineapple and a spray of mint if de
sired. Serve with cracked ice.
GHAPK JUlCE— Weigh one pound of
grapes, pick from bunch, put in a coarse
cloth, squeeze until all Juice is out; then
add two dessert spoons of sugar, a cup of
water; put on ico until cool.
RUSSIAN CUP— Make a good thick
syrup of two pounds of sugar and two
and a half quarts of water; when boiled
down add a few slices of encumber, eight
or ten; allow to stand for an hour, strain,
ad a cupful of. strong tea, juice of lem
ons and a teas] oonful of arrack. Serve
with cracked ice.
LEMON BHERBET— BoiI one cup of
sugar with three, of water until a thick
syrup is formed; add when cold the Juice
of five lemons and two oranges and the
grated rind of one lemon. Strain into a
freezer and freeze.
CURRANT SHERBET— BoiI one pint of
currant Juice with one pound of sugar
for live minutes; when cool bottle; use
two teaspoonfuls to a glass of water.
SARSAPARILLA MEAD— Three pounds
of sugar, three ounces of tartaric acid, one
ounce of flour and one of cream of tar
tar, essence of sarsap'arilla and two and
one-half quarts of water. Strain, bottle
and allow to stand two weeks before us
ing.
Odds and £nds. . ,
TO REMOVE GREASE SPOTS— First
thoroughly saturate with turpentine, then
place a piece of soft blotter on cither
side of spot and press hard. The fat is
dissolved by the turpentine and then ab
sorbed by the blotters, no stain being left 1
upon the cloth. If paint apply a gener
ous amount of chloroform and rub well.
*- • *
TO REMOTE STAINS— Egrgr stains
from spoons, rub well with common Bait,
using a soft cloth. "
If an ink stain wash well in pure water
and apply oxalic acid. If the acid re
moves color apply ammonia.
Iron rust on white material will come
out if dampened with milk and covered
with salt. Buttermilk will remove mil
dew.
Stains on the hands can be removed
with lemon Juice and salt. Rinse with
lukewarm water.
• » •
FOR A TROUBLESOME COUGH— BoiI
one ounce of flajtseed in a small cupful
of water; strain and add an ounce of rock
candy, a tablespoonful of honey and the
iuice of three lemons. Boil well and drink
\ ■ ry hot.
• • •
MOSQUITOES— Gum camphor held over
a lamp until burned will kUnish m,osqui
'toes from a room and carbolic acid poured
In a hot dish will do the same with flies.
• * *
SICK HEADACHE— The juice of a lime
, ■ zed In half a glass of cold water
with a little baking soda added will drive
sway a sick headrattti if taken in time.
• • •
FURNITURE POLlSH— Linseed oil
BreaKfast Table Correctly Laid.
rubbed on with cotton waste and then
rubbed off with a flannel cloth cleans
furniture beautifully.
7Jo Wash a ZPorch.
Th^re are always ways and ways of do-
Ing things hard ways and easy ways.
Tii B '..- an easy way and also a most sat
isfactory one. A broom covered with a
canton flannel bag and a garden hose are
th. principal impl.-mei:ts. The broom
when used uncovered always leaves
streaks and dulls the paint. The canton
flannel bag makes a smooth shiny sur
face. Never leave any water in the de
press'd ii!a<-»-s or in the cracks or the
boards. ■
Knowing how to clean silver is another
thing. Don'l use a silver polish unless the
ware is stained by vinegar or egg. If
properly washed after each m<>al sliver
will never need polishing. To wash sil
ver properly boiling hot water and plenty
of .snap are necessary.
After washing do not rinse. Wipe thor
oughly with a canton flannel cloth and
brighter and cleaner silver could not be
dcs red. Every one knows that silver
should not be washed in the same water
with dishes, n-ir with a greasy cloth, If
this care is taken the weekly silver clean-
Ing day will be done away with. Try it
if it is not labor saving.
Candles are now being used a great
deal especially In the country. The ef
fect is charming, but the constant drip
ping Is apt to ruin clothing and rugp.
This difficulty can be obviate, i by putting
the candles "during the daytime in the
Icebox on the ioe ii you will, and at n'gnt
they will burn better, last longer and not
drip.
"Sarden of Cden" breakfast.
Plain simple vi getables, with plenty of
fruit— fresh and dried, raw and cooked—
ar.' finding p pular flavor for hot weather
breakfasts. One wise woman, who claims
that she pins her- faith, both for herself
and daughter, to a "Gardea-of-Bden"
breakfast every morning during the sum-.
mor, : * enthusiastic in its praises. Her
original loea was to eat nothing but
fruit, she says, but she found this diet
Insufficient; so she added a cereal and a
'graham cracker or two to the breakfast
in. .v. This fare, together with lemon
ade, orangeade and fruit juices, gave the
family freedom from warm weather ills
an.l discomforts.
Figs, dates, stewed currants and even
dried apples can be made to do duty for
this purpose, and it is surprising what an
amount of nourishment and working
strength may be extracted from a fruit
diet. Apple*, oranges, shaddocks, bana
nas and canned fruits, of course, are ex
cellent fare for spring and summer, but
the cheaper dried fruits are by no means
to be despised.
In England this regime, with the addi
tion of brown bread and butter or cream,
is followed all the year round with the
children of upper-class families; and the
Scotch choose oatmeal for a similar use.
In many places on the Continent black
bread and 'a piece of watermelon, cucum
ber or onion is the standard breakfast
oftentimes the dinner and Bupper too—
of the average workinjrman.
Our own Western children are proof of
what good llesh and bone can be built on
a steady diet of cornmeal. Oatmeal is a
little too heavy, and cornmeal may be
substituted as an agreeable change for
breakfast
BE COMFORTABLE
AT HOME
IT IS SO EASY.
under the stairs. Stair carpets and por
tieres of a rich dark green, Vases on
oak tables and tabourettes carry out the
The"lra e wing-roorn is finished in polished
mahonany. Carpet cream, with rose de-
X and furniture upholstered in heavy
silk 'brocade. The handsome Japanese
The Correct and I ncorrect
Way of Sett ing a
Table
Tables for Illustrations Set by "The Emporium. "
g-ir-JHE dishes, the service and the ap
£pearance of the table and its linen
all contribute to make the meal ap
petizing. Simple or elaborate, the
taste of things "do seem better off uv
fine chiny." Bread and butter, crackers
and jam. and even milk, taste like food
for the guds if daintily served.
Trouble? Not a bit of it. It ts never too
much trouble to have thing's nice, and to
do a thing right is much easier and much
more satisfactory, than to do it wrong. It
does not take any longer to put a dish at
one part of the table than at another.
Then put it in the right place.
Put the cloth on straight, the flowers or
fern exactly In the center of the table,
the knives, forks and spoons straight up
and down beside the napkin, the salt and
pepper shakers to the left, and the glass
or cup to the right. Whether breakfast,
luncheon or dinner see that the table is
correctly laid and refined looking— yes, re
fined looking. The table is an index to the
hostess' character. Look at two trebles,
one correct in every detail and the cither
Incorrectly laid. Doesn't the incorrect one
look as if the "lady of the house" came
down to breakfast with her hair in curl
papers? Can't you see her yawn as she
opens the door? Negligent in everything;
neglectful of herself, her children and her
husband. Some one said: "A man's house
nri lardinieres add a preat deal to
screen ami . curtain silk cur
tne ro<>n . ,
ta 4Tv, * Hrr'orn 1 elongs tn Miss Welsh ami
■ s ° n j,:' nt ;iv d..!;r ill light blue. The
i * ' i Xiantelnlece is of li^ht oak.
The bay window is circular and makes a
very cozy place for a desK.
is his castle," and another: "A man's
heart is reached through his stomach." I
wonder what a man thinks when he sees
a table like that? But the other one— the
one correctly, laid.
Can't you see a woman — a woman after
your own heart? Her. home her delight?
A thoughtful, sunny, cheery sort, of a
woman? - A -woman - with an ev*rwi:ci
ful eye for some one's. comfort? And it is
'a comfort to' sit "down to a well served
'meal when you are tired. You like to go
to see her; Her dinners and. teas always
taste so much' better than any one else';?.
Her home is cozy and most inviting. Sho
Isn't always fussing and fussing. She
may not have a servant, but she has
"the knack"— "knack." Learn it— learn
it by heart— get the knack of setting a
table. Haviland china and cut glass are
not necessary. Buy. using good judg
ment, and let your taste and "knack"
do the rest. Have the linen spick and
■pan, each dish in its place, and all In
•proportion, never crowding nor overload
ing. Use a little bit of care and a few
more moments. It pays. Try it.
Put the cloth on. see that it fits the
table well and lies perfectly smooth. The
napkins folded square and carefully laun
dered, fork and spoon on the left and
knives on the right; salt and pepper shak
ers above the fork and spoon on the left.
The coffee and coffee cups on a tray and
to the right of the server; the glass for
water on the right in a line with the
shakers. Flowers on a fern in the center
of a 'able adds a great deal. In the pic
ture the mush and coffee sets are given
with toast plate. The china is Haviland
with a dainty violet design.
In the picture giving the Incorrect set
ting of table the dishes make one think
of a Sunday picnic, where "everybody's
for himself and—" you know the rest.
Reach you must In order to get any
thing to eat and the mush dish is passed
from hand to hand around the table.
Inconvenient and disorderly. Breakfast
should be well served. It Is usually a
light meal, one's appetite seldom demand
ing beefsteak and pork and beans. Tempt
the appetite with 'pretty dishes and a good
meal can be made of fruit, toast and
coffee.
Japan apparently favors telephones.
The Imperial Diet recently voted to ex
pend $12,500/KX) within the next seven years
for the Improvement .of the Government
telephone system. Rinja Nakayama, a
coung electrical engineer, has been sent
"to the United States to Investigate the
latest improvement and inventions. The
Government work will all be executed by
Japanese electricians.SOCIETY
Copyrighted.
MARJORY WATN'TVRTGHT falls !n love with RufUl Colemnn, Sun-lay editor
of th» New Fork Eclipse. She tells her father. on« of the most learned
professors In a great Eastern college, of her intention to marry Coleman and.
In spite of the fact that Coleman was at one time a favorite pupil, the match
la n-.ost bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece hoping to pre
vent the wedding. Ooleman calls on Marjory for an answer to his suit. To
try his affection she treats him coolly and announces her trip to Greece. He
misunderstands, and the result is they say good-by In a most matter «f fact
manner, but Marjory rushes In tears to nor father fully convinced that Cole
man doe« not love her. while Coleman goes to the club and drowns his grief
in drink. The professor arrange? tn take son;« of his students with his family
to Greece— among th«rn a young sophomore named Coke, who has distinguished
himself In a freshman rush and Is regarded by Coleman In the light of a
rival. Coleman gets an appointment as war correspondent of the Eclipse for
the war in Greece and sails via London. On the steamer he meets Nora Black.
a. celebrated danctr and an old friend, who pays him marked attention.
[Continued.]
Coleman remained cool. "I've never been decorated for Informing peo
ple of their own affairs," he observed, "but I Bhould nay that you were
about aa much of an artist as I am." . . .
Frowning slightly ehe renected upon this reply. Then of a sudden she
laughed. "There Is no use In being angry with you, Rufus. You always
were a hopeless scamp. But." she added, childishly wistful, "have you
ever seen 'Fly by Night'? Don't you think my dance in the second act is
arti "No!" said Coleman. "I haven't seen 'Fly by Night' yet. but of course
1 kn iw that you are the most beautiful dancer on the stage. tverj ooa>
knowe that."
It seemed that her hand tightened on his arm. Her face was radiant.
"There," she exclaimed. "Now you are forgiven. You are a nice boy,
"when Miss Black went to her cabin Coleman strolled into the smoking
room Every man there covertly or openly surveyed him. He dropped
lazily Into a chair at a table where the wine merchant, the Chicago rall
wav king and the New York millionaire were playing cards. They made
a noble pretense of not being aware of him. On the oilcloth top of the
table the cards were snapped down, turn by turn.
Finally the wine merchant, without lifting his head to address a par
ticular person, said. "New conquest."
Hailing a steward Coleman asked for a brandy and soda.
The millianaire said, "He's a sly cuss, anyhow." The railway man
' erinmi! After an elaborate silence the wine merchant asked. 'Know
' • \l"s Black long Rufus?" Coleman looked scornfully at his friends.
• "What's wrong with you there, fellows, anyhow?" The Chicago man an
" "' swered airily "Oh, nothin'. Nothln' whatever."
v dinner in the crowded salon Coleman was aware that more than one
' • ' passenger glanced first at Nora Black and then at him. as if connecting
• them in some train of thought, moved to It by the narrow horizon of snip
■ •San.ll.va sense of the mystery that surrounds the lives of the
be^utirs of the stage Near the captain's right hand sat the glowing and
ispfendid Nora exhibiting under the gaze of the persistent eyes of many
••\ ■meanings a practiced and profound composure that to the populace was
'•': : terl Stro"l?ng l^ward the smoking room after dinner Coieman met the New
■• v York millionaire, who seemed agitated. He took Coleman fraternally by
• • th. arm. "Say, old man, introduce me, won't you? I'm crazy to know
: \. hCr '"Do you mean Miss Black?" asked Coleman. "Why. I don't know that
•I have a right Of course you know she hasn't been meeting anybody
■:■ V, abo^ank^ i aS &! 1 rdbTtlckled to death. Come along and '.
•••• have ;: drink. When will you ask her?" To-morrow. I suppose-"
' "Why ! don't know when I'll see her. To-morrow. X suppose-^"
■"T Tht-v had no been long in the smoking room, however, when the deck
■ : steward cam* with a card to Coleman. T'pon it was written, Come for a
•. stroll." Everybody saw Colt-man read this card and then . look up and
■ whisper to the deck steward. The deck steward bent his head and whin
.' ; . pered discreetly in reply. There was an abrupt pause in the hum of con
versation. The Interest was acute In his chair, puffing at his cigar. ( He
mail leaned carelessly bark !n h!s chair, puffing at his cigar. He
mingled calmly in a dlscusssion of the comparative merits of certain
transatlantic lines. After a time he threw away his cigar and arose Men
nodded "Didn'l r tell you?" His studiously languid exit was made dra
ma tic by the eagle-eyed'attention of the smoking room.
On deck he found Nora pacing to and fro. "You didn t hurry yourself.
■ she said as he joined her. The lights of Queenstown were twinkling. A
warm wind, wet with the moisture of rain-stricken sod, was coming from ,
the "\Vhv " said Coleman, "we've got all these duffers very 'much excited/
••Well.' What do you carer asked the girl. "You don't care do you?
• "No I don't care. Only It's rather absurd to be watched all the time "
He said' this precisely as if he abhorred being watched in this cape. "Oh
hvthc wav "he added. Then he naused for a moment. "Aw-a friend of
• mine- a bad fellow— he asked me for an introduction. Of course I told
bhn She ma<</^contemptuous gesture. "Oh. another Willie Tell him no.
Tell Mm to go home to his family. Tell him to run away. "
"He isn't a bad fellow. He." said Coleman diffidently-"he would prob
ftbl^ a L» a «rt < sSSiriS[ th#w n winTbottle on the stage Instead of
Y^^ V^^£^SSS^'&'^a^^ all right. 1
prOm A* a'great hurry to get rid of me?" "How ion,
™S? Nonsense." They walked In the shadows. "How long
. In K%^ 'i&SSJ B3F& I 8*J& "SK train. There's
° I "y n war? a yr°who n is going to fight? The Greeks and the-the-th* ;
what?" „
Sfu^Ke girl, mournful and f oeked
k-You might get hurt or something." Presently she asked, And aren t
0U "Oh" S he answered. °p p uffing out* his lips. "I may stop In London for
three or four day? on my way horn*. I'm not sure or it.
"Oh. I^ean't^toH. may be in three or four months, or It may be a
year from now. When the war stops."
"You Didn't Hurry Yourself," S\)e Said as Y\e Joined Her-
There was a long silence a* they walked up and down the ■'fay S don't
"Do you know," said Nora at last. "I like you, Rufus toeman. such a
know any good reason for it either unless it is because >ou are ■**%>£
brute. Now. when I was asking you if you were to be in London you
perfectly detestable. You knew I was anxious.' »why what did
"I— detestable?" cried Coleman, feigning amazement. wn>. «»* k
1 so much what you said." began Nora slowly. q Then sud
denly changed her manner. "Oh, well, don't let talk about it any biu
It's too foolish. Only-yon are a disagreeable P" B ™ £°rha£ieT Coleman
In the morning, as the vessel steamed U P Irish Channel
was on deck, keeping furtive watch on the cabin stairs. ter H lw r re° cc eivcd
of waiting he scribbled a message on a card and sent it below. He jecei"
pleasant and satisfied expression, so he was for a moment furious at tne
"■"^.Cfoun-fthe girV he thought to himself. -She ha . succeeded .in
Adieus were falling as dead leaves fall from a great tree. The steward*
were handling small hills of luggage marked with flaming red labels. Tno
ship was firmly against the dock before Miss Black came from her cabin.
Colema.il was at the time gazing shoreward, but his three peculiar friends
instantly nudged him. '"What?" "There she is! 'Oh Miss Black? He
composedly walked toward her. It was impossible to tell whether she saw
him coming or whether it was accident, but at any rate she suddenly
turned and moved toward the. stern of the ship. Ten watchful gossips had
noted ("oilman's travel in her direction and more than half the passenger*
noted his defeat He wheeled casually and returned to his three friends.
They w< re colic-stricken with a coarse and yet silent merriment. Coleman
was' glad that the voyage was over.
After the polite business of an English custom-house the traveler*
passed out to the waiting train. A nimble little theatrical agent of aoms
kind sent from London, dashed forward to receive Miss Black. He had a
first class compartment engaged for her and he bundled her and her maid
into it in an exuberance of enthusiasm and admiration. Coleman passing
moodily along the line of coaches heard Nora's voice hailing him.
"Riifus." There she was, framed in a carriage window, beautiful and
smiling brightly. Every near-by person turned to contemplate this vision.
"Oh," said Coleman. advancing. "I thought I was not going to get a
chance to say good-bv to you." He held out his hand. "Good-by."
She pouted. "Why. there's plenty of room in this compartment." See
ing that BORle forty people were transfixed in observation of her she moved
a short way b;u-k. "Come on in this compartment. Rufus," she said.
"Thanks I prefer to smoke," said Coleman. He went off abruptly.
On the way to London he brooded in his corner on the two divergent
emotions he rind experienced when refusing her Invitation. At Euston
station in London he was directing a porter, who had his luggage, when
he heard Nora speak at his shoulder. "Well. Rufus. you sulky boy," sha
said "I shall be at the Cecil. If you have time, come and see me."
"Thanks, I'm sure, my dear Nora," answered Coleman effusively. "But,
honestly. I'm off for Greece."
A broupham was drawn up near them and the nimble little agent was
waiting The maid was directing the establishment of a mass of luggage
on ar.d in a four-wheeler cab. "Well, put me into my carriage, anyhow,
said Norn. "Yon will have time for that."
Afterward she addressed him from the dark Interior. "Now. Rufus,
you must come to see me the minute you strike London again—" She hesi
tated a moment, and then smiling gorgeously upon him she said, "Brute!
CHAPTER VIII.
As soon as Coleman had planted his belongings In a hotel he was
bowled in a hansom briskly along the smoky Strand, through a dark city
whose walls dripped like the walls of a cave and whose passages were
only illuminated by flaring yellow and red signs.
\Valkley, the London correspondent of the Eclipse, whirled from his
chair with a shout of joy and relief at sight of Coleman. "Cables," he
cried "Nothln' but cables! All the people in New York are writing cables
tj you. Th ; wires groan with them. And we groan with them, too. They
come In here In bales. However, there is no reason why you should read
them all. Many are similar in words and many more are similar in spirit.
The s<-nse cf the whole thing is that you get to Greece quickly, taking with
yan immen*' sums of money and enormous powers over nations."
• •-• .11 v -1-. , .;,, s •)"■ row "being?"
"The most astute journalists in Europe have been predicting a general
European smarti-up every year since 1878." said Walkley, "and the proph
ets weep. The English are the only people who can pull off wars on sched
ule time, and they have to do It in odd corners of the globe. I fear the
war business is getting tuckered. There is sorrow In the lodges of the
lone wolves, the war correspondents. However, my boy, don't bury your
face in your blanket. This Greek business looks very promising, very
promising." He then began to proclaim trains and connections. "Dover,
Calais. Paris, Brlnrusi: Corfu, Patras, Athens. That is your game. You
are supposed to skyrocket yourself over that route in the shortest possible
time, but you would gain no time by starting before to-morrow, so you
can cool your heels here In London until then. I wish I was going along."
Coleman returned to his hotel, a knight Impatient and savage at being
kept for a time out of the saddle. He went for a late supper to the grill
room, and as he was seated there alone a party of four or five people came
to occupy the table directly behind him. They talked a great deal even
before they arrayed themselves at the table, and he at once recognized the
voice of Nora Black. She was queening It, apparently, over a little band of
awed masculine worshipers.
Either by Rccident or for some curiouo reason she took a chair back
to back with Coleman's chair. Her sleeve of fragrant stuff almost touched
his shoulder and he felt appealing to him seductively a perfume of orris
root and violet. He was drinking bottled stout with his chop; he sat with
a face of wood.
"Oh, the little Lord?" Nora was crying to some slave. "Now, do you
know, he won't do at all. He Is too awfully charming. He sits and ruml
THE SUNDAY CALL.
nates for fifteen minutes and then he pays me a lovely compliment. Then
he ruminates for another fifteen minutes and cooks up another nne in«w-
It Is too tiresome. Do you know what kind of man I like? sne -»£■«="
softly and confidentially. And here she sank back in her chair until <- oh.
man knew from the tingle that her head was but a few Inches from ms
head. Her sleeves touched him. He turned more wooden under the speu
of the orris root and violet. Her courtiers thought it all a . graceful pose^
but Coleman believed otherwise. Her voice sank to the liquid siren note 01
a succubus. "Do you know what kind of a man I like. Keal ' J *'■„ : « v £
like a man that a woman can't bend in a thousand different *aj9 m Jive
minutes. He must have some steel in him. He obliges me to admire him
the most when he remains stolid; stolid to my lures. Ah, that is r n * omy .
kind of a man who can ever break a heart among us women of tnej orm.
His stolidity is not real; no; It is mere art; but it is a highly toishea we
and often enough we can't cut through it. Really we can t. And then we
may actually come to— er-care for the man. Really we may. isn c it
1Un At ? the end Coleman arose and strolled out of the room behind
cigarette. He did not betray a sign. Before the door clashed softly behma
him Nora laughed a little defiantly, perhaps a little loudly. It made %£%
man in the grillroom perk up his ears. As for her courtiers, they were
entranced. In her description of the conquering man she had easily con
trived that each one of them wondered if she might not mean him- Each
man was perfectly sure that he had plenty of steel In his composition ana
that teeemed to be a main point. ♦!,_., wont to his
. Coleman delayed for a time in the smoking room and then went to ms
own quarters. In reality he was somewhat puzzled in his mind t>> a pro
jection of the beauties of Nora Black upon his desire for Greece and \ ld*
jory. His thought* formed a duality. Once he was on the point of semun.
his card to Nora Black's parlor, inasmuch as Greece was very distant ana
he could not start until the morrow. But he suspected that he was hoimnar
the interest of the actress because of his recent appearance Mm pregt la
ble serenity in the presence of her fascinations. If he »° to nt *!L*t£? M l i
was a form of surrender and he knew her to be one to take a meruk_s 3
advantage. He would not make this tactical mistake. On the contrary,
he would go to bed and think of war. th nrosnectlve
In reality he found it easy to fasten his mind upon the prospecm c
war. He regarded himself cynically in most affairs, but he could not he
cynical of war. because he had seen none of it. His re enated imagina
tion began to thrill to the roll of battle, through thong a Passing aH
the lightning in the pictures of Detaille. De Neuville and Morot; laan*a
battery horse roaring over bridges; grand cuirassiers dashing headlong
against stolid. Invincible red-faced lines of German infantry, furious ami
bloody grapplings in the streets of little, villages of n Of east ™ F ran. c.e
There was one thins at least of which he could still feel the spirit or a
debutante. In this matter of war he was not. too unlike a young girl en
trrkiriK unon her first season of opera. Walkley the next morning saw
this moou P siUing quaintly upon Cowman and cackled gf^ggg^Jg!
and glee. Coleman's usual manner did not ret urn until he directed ™ al
ley's appreciation of his state and then he snubbed him according to the
ritual of the Sunday editor of the New York Eclipse. Pf^nthetically it
might be said that if Coleman now recalled Nora Black to his mina at an
It was only to think of her for a moment with an ironical complacence. He
When e the ft train drew out of the station Coleman felt himself thrill,
Was ever fate less perverse? War and love— war and Marjory— wero In
conlunction-both in Greece-and he could tilt with one lance at both gods.
It was a great fine game to play and no man was ever so blessed In vaca
tions Hf was smiling continually to himself and sometimes actually on
thncolnt of talking aloud This was despite the presence In the compart
mra? of two felhfw passengers who preserved In their uncomfortably
Wi'Skß^h^kS fl m s a t nn c?alsT^a O Ofg f e th CoTeran 0 ., ftE
traTn arrived e!l Dover Ws baUoSnlng "soul was in danger of collapsing. On
the packet crossing the channel, too, he almost returned to the usual Rufus
Coleman since all the world was seasick and he could not get a cabin in
which to hide himself from it. However, he reaped much consolation by
ordering a bottle of champagne and "drinking it In sight of the people,
which made them still more seasick. From Calais to Brindisi really noth
ing met his disapproval save the speed of the train, the conduct of some
of the passengers, the quality of the food served, the manners of the
guards, the temperature of the carriages, tt*e prices charged and the length
of the journey.
In time he passed as in a vision from wretched Brindisi to charming
Corfu, from Corfu to the little war-bitten city of Patras and from Patras
by rail at the speed of an ox cart to Athens.
With a smile of grim content and surrounded In hia carriage with all
his beautiful brown luggage he swept through the dusty streets of the
Greek capital. Even as the vehicle arrived in a great terraced square in
front of the yellow palace Greek recruits in garments representing many
trades and many characters were. marching up cheering for Greece and the
King. Officers stood upon the little iron chairs In front of th© cafes; all
"Do You Know What Kiod of a Man I Like— Really Like?"
the urchins came running and shouting; ladles waved their handkerchiefs
from the balconies; the whole city was vivified with a leaping andjojous
enthusiasm. The Athenians— as dragomen or otherwise— haupreser\ea an,
ardor for their glorious traditions, and it was as if that in thewhlteausi
which lifted from the plaza and floated across the old ivory face or trie
palace there were the souls of the capable soldiers of the past, eoiernan
was almost intoxicated with it. It seemed to celebrate his own reasons,
his reasons of love and ambition to conquer in love. _ ... ~ . • „
When the carriage arrived in front of the Hotel d'Angleterre Coleman
found the servants of the place with more than one eye upon the scene m
the plaza, but they soon paid heed to the arrival of a gentleman with sucn
an amount of beautiful leather luggage, all marked boldly with the initials
"R. C." Coleman let them lead him and follow him and conduct him ana
use bad English upon him without noting either their words, their salaams
or their work. His mind had quickly fixed upon the fact that here was
the probable headquarters of the Wainwright party, and with the rush or
his Western race fleeting through his veins he felt that he would choke,
and die if he did not loam of the Wainwrights in the first two minutes.
It was a tragic venture to attempt to make the Levantine mind understand
something off the course, that the new arrival's first thought was to estab
lish a knowledge of the whereabouts of some of his friends rather than to
swarm helter-skelter into that part of the hotel for which he was willing
to pay rent. In fact, he failed to thus impress them; failed in dark wrath,
but nevertheless failed. At last he war simply forced to concede the travel
of files of men up the broad, red-carpeted staircase, each man being loaded
with Coleman's luggage. The men in the hotel bureau were then able to
comprehend that the foreign gentleman might have something else on his
mind. They raised their eyebrows languidly when he spoke of the Wain
wright party in gentle surprise that he had not yet learned that they were
gone some time. They were departed on some excursion. Where? Oh,
really— it was almost ' laughable, indeed— they didn't know. Were they
sure? Why, yes— it was almost laughable, indeed— thy were quite sure.
Where could the gentleman find out about them? Well, they— they had
explained— did not know, but— it was possible— the American Minister might
know. Where was he to be found? Oh. that was very simple. It was well
known that the American Minister had apartments in the hotel. . Was h«
in? Ah, that they could not say.
So • "oilman, reioieiriK at his final emancipation and with, the grime of
travel still upon him, burst in somewhat violently upon the secretary or
the Hon. Thomas M. Gordner of Nebraska, the United States Minister to
Greece. From his desk the secretary arose from behind an accidental bul
wark of books and governmental pamphlets. "Yes, certainly, Mr. Gordner
is in. If you would give me your card — "
Directly Coleman was introduced into another room, where a quiet
man, who was rolling a cigarette, looked him frankly but carefully in th«
eye. 'The Wainwrights?" said the Minister, immediately after the ques
tion. "Why. I myself am immensely concerned about them at present.
I'm afraid they've got themselves into trouble."
"Really?" said Coleman.
"Yes. That little professor is rather— stubborn. Isn't he? He wanted
to make an expedition to Nikopolis and I explained to him all the possi
bilities of war and begged him to at least not take his wife and daughter
with him."
" 'Daughter." murmured Coleman, as if in his sleep.
"But that little old man had a head like a etone*and only laughed at
me. Of course those villainous young students were only too delighted at
a prospect of war, but it was a stupid and absurd thing for the man to
take his wife and daughter there. They are up there now. I can't v«t a
word from them or get a word to them." ■ ■. . 5 ■ '
Coleman had been choking. "Where is Nlkopolis?" he asked.
The Minister gazed suddenly in comprehension of the man before bin*
"Nlkopolls Is in Turkey," he answered gently.
Turkey at that time was believed to be a country of delay, corruption,
turbulence and massacre. It meant everything. Mor» than a half of th«
Christians of the world shuddered at the name of Turkey. Coleman'*
lips tightened and perhaps blanched, and his chin moved out strangely
once twice, thrice. "How can I get to Nlkopolls?" he said.
The Minister smiled. "It would take you the better part of four days
if you could get there, but as a matter of fact you can't get there at 'he
present time. A Greek army and a Turkish army are looking at each other
from the sides of the river at Arta— the river is there the frontier— and
Nikopolis happens to be on the wrong side. You can't reach them. Th«
forces at Arta will fight within three days. I know it. Of course I've noti
fied our legation at Constantinople, but with Turkish methods of communi
cation Nikopolis is about as far from Constantinople as New York Is from
Peking " :j, * r
Coleman arose. "They've run themselves Into a nice mess," he said
crossly. "Well. I'm a thousand times obliged. to you, I'm sure."
The Minister opened his eyes a trifle. "You are ont going to try to reach
them, are you?"
"Yes," answered Coleman. abstractedly, "I'm going to have a try at
It. Friends of mine, you know—" ■ •.^■•■i"/
At the bureau of the hotel the correspondent found several cables
awaiting him from the alert office of the New York Eclipse. One of them
read: "State Department gives out bad plight of Wainwright party; lost
somewhere: find them. Ecllnse." When Coleman perused the message ha
began to smile with seraphic bliss. Could fate have ever been less per
verse?
Whereupon lie whirled himself in Athens. And it was to the consider
able astonishment of some Athenians. • He discovered and instantly sub
sidized a young Englishman, who. during his absence at the front, would
net as correspondent for the Eclipse at the capital. He took unto himself
a dragoman and then bought three horses and hired a groom at a speed
that caused a little crowd at the horse dealer's place to come out upon the
pavement and watch this surprising young man ride back toward his hotel.
He had already driven his dragoman into a curious state of oriental be
wilderment and DRnic in which he could only lumber hastily and help
lessly here and there, with his face in the meantime marked with agony.
Coleman's own field equipment had been ordered by cable from New York
to London, but it was necessary to buy much tinned meats, chocolate,
coffee, candles, patent food, brandy, tobaccos, medicines and other things.
He went to br-d that ni*ht feeling more nlaci.l. The train back to
Patras was to start in the early morning, and he felt the satisfaction of a
man v.-ho is at la*t about to start on his own great quest. Before he
dropped of to slumber he heard crowds cheering- exultantly in the streets,
and the cheering moved him a? it had done in the morning. lie felt that
the celebration of tpe people was really an accompaniment to his primal
reason, a reason of love and ambition to conquer in — even as in the
theater the music accompanies the hero in bis progress. He arose once
daring the night to study a. map of the Balkan peninsula and get nailed
into his mind the exact position of Nikopolis. It was important.
CHAPTER IX.
Coleman's dragnmnn aroused him in the blue before dawn. The cor
respondent arrayed himself in one of his new khaki F-uits— riding oreeches
and a tunic well-marked with buttoned porkets— and accompanied b7
•■ome of iii~ beautiful "mown luggage, they departed for the station.
The ride to Patrafl is a terror under ordinary circumstances. It be
jrins in the oarlv rnornine and ends in the twilight. To Coleman. having
i vr '. come from Patraa to Athens, this journey from Athenp to r.itras had
all the exnFperatirp elements of a forced recantation. Moreover, he had
rot come prepared to view with awe the ancient city of forinth nor to
view with afimirntion the limpid beauties cf the gulf of that name with its
olive urove shore He was not stirred by Parnassus, a far-awn v snow
f eld hlch on" the black shoulders of the mountains across the pulf. No;
he wished to go to Nlkopolis. He passed over the graves o£ an ancient
race he plfani of whose mlprhty minds shot, hardly dimmed through the
clouding ages. No; he wished to go to Nlkopolis. The train went at a
snail's pace, and if Coleman had an interest it was In the people who Hned
the route and cheered the soldiers on the train. In Coleman's compart
ment there was a greasy person who spoke a little English. He explained
that he was a poet, a poet who now wrote of nothing but war. When a
man is in pursuit of his love and success is known to be at least remote
it often relieves his strain if he is deeply bored from time to time.
The train was really obliged to arrive finally at Patras. even if it was
a tortoise, and when this happened a hotel runner appeared, who lied for
the benefit of the hotel in saying that there was no boat over to Mesa
longhi that night. When, all too late. Coleman discovered the truth of
the matter his wretched dragoman came in for a period of infamy and
suffering. However, while strolling in the plaza at Patras, amid news
boys from every side, by rumor and truth Coleman learned things to his
advantage. A Greek fleet waa bombarding Prevasa, Prevasa was ne:ir
Nikopolis. The opposing armies at Arta were engaged, principally In an
artillery duel. -
Continued Next ?Ml»
25A SAN FRANCISCAN WHO WAS
A BOYHOOD FRIEND OF DREYFUS
IN the person of Mr. Samuel Bruns
wick. 1688 Post street, who is a mem
ber of the meat inspection staff of the
Health Department and well known
about town. San Francisco has one
citizen at least who can boast of a
boyhood's intimacy with the man who has
been the victim of the gr<=at Judicial crime
of the century and whom France is now
Curious Custom of Vassar Girls
In Announcing Their EngagemontS
Vaaear'B recent commencement brought
again to the front a curious old custom
•which recurs there each year, and around
•which centers the main interest of the
senior class supper, the public announce
ment of engagements by those jsrirls who
have been rash enough to wander Into
love'a young dream during their college
course.
For years the class supper has been se
lected as the fit ar.u proper place for this
proceeding. After the toasts have been
responded to and the songs have been
sung and the hundred and one little
things done which only college girl 3
would think of doing, the class secretary
stands up on her chair and, looking round
on the long row of faces beneath her in
the candle light, announces that she is
going to call the engagement roll.
There are always some girls In the class,
of course, who have made an open secret
of the disposal of their affections and
have worn their rings without reserve.
The whole college knows about them.
But there are always some who, for wise
reasons of their own, have locked up their
romances securely in their own hearts.
"Woe to such as these! Every girl is on
her honor to tell the truth and nothing
but the truth, and her secret is bound to
be dragged out into the candle light for
the plaudits of the crowd.
Tt is a pretty sight to see the diners
when the secretary commences to call the
roll. Every face in the class is full of
interest and expectancy. Bending' far
forward over the tables the seniors
graduates they are by that time, for they
nave received their diplomas on the morn
ing of that eventful day — bending far for
ward they wait eagerly for the word that
is a signal for individual and collective
congratulations.
All that a girl has to answer to her
name is a simple "yes" or "no," accord
ing to the state of her affections. Some
times, in the embarrassment of the mo
ment, funny little expressions come out
unexpectedly. "Provided for" was one
•hy reply that issued from the corner o£
Factory Quarter of Mulhausen, Where the Dreyfus Liner) factories Are Located.
about to rehabilitate with citizenship and
restore to office and honor.
R.ike Dreyfus and his friends. Senator
Sheurer-Kestner and Colonel George
Picquart. who have been so largely in
strumental in bringing about the revision
of his case. Mr. Brunswick is an Alsatian
by birth, having been born in <>may,
a few miles from Mulhausen, where
the room as a certain name was called.
There is much rejoicing over an engage
ment. The slurs that have been cast on
college girls are fortunately not entirely
true. No profession Is held higher In es
teem by them than that of a home maker.
Of the class of one hundred which hns
been out of Vaspar College for just two
years ten are married, aifd as many more
engaged. Twenty per cent is not a bad
record for a class where the average age
is now only 23 and where the years of
graduation have been only two.
If the various secretaries had kept rec
ords of the number of engagements an
nounced at senior class supper each year
they say that it would be found to have
increased steadily each year.
Where *D' jfrtaynan jCtvod.
One of the homes of the great D'Ar
tagnan ha? just been discovered in Paris
by M. de Grouchy, the well-known anti
quarian. In a daybook belonging to the
Maitre Caillet, a Paris notary in 1653, M.
de Grouchy has found an inscription stat
ing that "Maitre Pierre Cadeau does let
and duly devisf to Pierre d'Artagnan
chevalier, brigadier captain and Major
General of the King's army, a house with
large entry, situated in the Rue de Riche
lieu, for 1700 livres a year."
The lease Is signed "Cadeau and Ar
tagnan," the latter being evidently not as
proficient with the pen as with the sword
This interesting discovery— and it is
amusing to note that D'Artagnan should
choose a house in the street named after
his most powerful enemy— is rendered
doubly interesting from the fact it clears
up once and for all the vexed question as
to D'Artagnan's Christian name, which
unlees Maitre Caillet was in error was
Pierre.
Parliamentary Candidate (explaining
away hi? defeat)— Yes, gentlemen, I have
been defeated; but how have I been de
feated?
Voice in the Crowd— You didn't get
enough votes.
Dreyfus lived and where later they at
tended the same schools.
M-.:;hausen Ih situated In I'pper Alsace,
at the foot of the hills of the Sundgau and
at the head of navigation of the river
111. which flows parallel to and empties
Into the Rhine Just below Strassburg.
sixty-five miles to the north.
Mulhaus^n ("the town of mills") la, as its
name Indicates, a manufacturing city, the
most important In Alsace. It Is the seat
of the district government, with a pro
vincial tribunal, and has a population of
some 75.000 persons.
It was once a "free city" of the Ger
man empire, and from 1506 to 1795 was a
member of the Swiss confederation, fts
leading manufacturers were all members
of a few old families united by marriage,
llkp Those of the Scottish clans, and be
lng able to work Jointly together on the
markets of Europe they prospered and
the town became one of the most im
portant manufacturing centers of Europe.
Though now turning out large quantities
of chemicals, paper, Ironware, machinery,
•vrith cotton and linen goods, formerly the
manufacture of linen goods was the lead
ing Industry of the place, and In that
bs the Dreyfus family have long
been engaged, holding a leading place and
having •'■ large wealth thereby.
Dreyfus' father was a member of the
••Societe dea <•;:'•* Ottvrieres," established
Mayor Dollfass to improve the
tion of the working classes, and took
an active part in the founding of the
Man Who Can Speak to the Tune of a Dollar a Word
aTHOTJSAND dollars a day!
Think of it, .ye men who are
glad to earn as much a month—
\ or maybe a year!
Jj \> Yet that is the sum which
General Benjamin F. Tracy is said to have
received for arguing the Molineux tr.al.
and the amount which he is to get every
day that the trial continues.
It is added, by the legal gossips in City
Hall Park, and on the Criminal Court
steps, that General Tracy would not have
taken the case for this small sum were it
not that he wanted to oblige his old
friend General Molineux, whose son
stands in the current of the electrocution
chair.
Benjamin Franklin Tracy, the man wno
can speak to the tune of a dollar a word
and more, began life in a very simple wa.
in a country place-as New Yorkers would
call it— namely Owego. New York, which
town, though it has produced many great
men still makes few pretensions to great
ness. Wealthy, salubrious, full of possi
bility Owego lies quietly away in the
northern part of New York State, yield
ing its fortunes to those who stick to her
and sending her sons forth with brain*
and gold.
Young Tracy went to the Owego Gram
mar School and then to the Owego
Academy.
At the age of twenty-one he married
Miss Delinda Catlin of Owego and then he
continued his studies, graduating in law
soon after.
Mr. Tracy began his political life at the
age of twenty-three, when he was elected
District Attorney of Owego.
Young Mr. Tracy gained many honors
for himself and at the beginning of the
war he was appointed recruiting officer
for the One Hundred and Ninth and One
Hundred and Thirty-seventh regiments,
with the coloneloy of the former.
He went to the war and served bravely,
here gaining honors again. And at the
close of the war he went to Brooklyn to
Pr il°ls doubtful if Mr. Tracy was known
generally before the famous Beecher-
Tllton trial, but, being given a chance to
show hi? legal ability, he conducted him
self in the case with such eloquence and
eaee that his fame was, from that time.
It was as a Cabinet officer that Mr.
Tracy changed from a lawyer and a poli
tician to a statesman. In ISS9 Benjamin
Harrison, who had known Mr. Tracy in
the war. and had formed a strong friend
ship lor him afterward, appointed him
Secretary of the Navy; and in the four
following years the name of Tracy was
familiarly before the public.
The saddest casualty of the year oc
curred late in the winter of 1890, when
Secretary Tracy suffered the loss of his
wife and daughter. Awaking one morn
ing at 7 he found the house in flames.
Hurrying, he aroused the family and
rescued the younger members, only to
find when too late that his wife and fa
vorite daughter had perished in the
flames when he supposed them safe in the
It was a long time before the Secretary
recovered from the shock of that morn
ing, and many days before Washing
ton resumed its gayeties. The sad event
put an end to the season of '90 and is
said to have been the beginning of the
illness from which Mrs. Benjamin Har
rison died, never having been able to
shake off the sinking of the heart which
•he experienced that morning on viewing
THE SUNDAY CALL.
artisans' colony now known as the New
Town, which consists of over 1000 hquses,
each for two families, with gardens,
baths, etc., which was one of the pioneer
enterprises of its kind and has been fol
lowed as a pattern in other countries.
Mr. Brunswick attended the same public
schools with Alfred Dreyfus, and his
younger brother, Mathleu, for several
years, and knew both of the boys inti
mately, in the classroom, on the play
gTound and excursions and rambles in the
country around, and has a very lively re
membrance of the lad, who, though some
years his Junior, was well up In the clasß
room, as well as a companion and even a
leader among boys somewhat older than
himself.
Though a Jew, as were a number of his
fellows, ' according to Mr. Brunswick,
young Dreyfus always got along well with
his teachers, who were Catholic, and also
with the boys who were not of his own
faith. Indeed, his kindly disposition and
generous bearing toward his companion?
made him exceedingly^ popular, and
though younger than many of them, his
word and Influence were of admitted
weight.
"He was never 'fresh,' " says Mr.
Brunswick, "and thoush his people wore
rich, he mingled and played with the
boys, rich atj'l poor, without making- any
difference. He never <=tood off and looked
on. but took hearty part in everything.
"He was very generous. Whatever he
had he was ready to divide with the oth
the sad sight.
Secretary Tracy never remarried, but
with the remainder of his family went to
live in Brooklyn at the close of the ad
ministration.
There are few men who have lived lives
devoted so singularly to politics who have
so escaped the unpleasantness of the call
ing; but General Tracy seems to have
been free from the criticism that has
ers. If a boy had no marbles to Join In
a game, Dreyfus would readily divide his
stock with him.
"Then he was a good boy, of fine feel-
Ings, not given to vulgar language at all.
as many boys of 12 or 14 years of age
are.
"He never liked to see th© others fight
ing, and would endeavor to make peace
whenever a quarrel was leading to a
light.
"He was very fond of 'playing soldiers,
and always wanted to be the captain,
and took great delight In the mimic war
fare. He went at It with all his might
and main, though always good humored
about It, even when he got an unusually
hard knock.
"X was a. little older and left school
some time before Alfred, but I still saw
much of him until the Franoc-Prusslan
war, when I went Into the French army
and afterward came to America. My
City Hall Where Dreyfus' Fa mi 'y l~|ave Beer) Registered for Nearly Three Centuries.
GENERAL BENJAMIN F- TROCY, Wbo Earns a Thousand Dollars a Day.
overtaken so many in a very unpleasant
way. Just as prominent as Conkling for
his party he has been more politic, more
diplomatic and more pacific. Just as ag
gressive as Blame he has managed to
gain his point in a more soothing way.
Tracy may not be as great in history as
these two men, but if he is not as re
nowned, it will be because of his easy
diplomacy, not because he has served his
father was a boss teamster, and I went
frequently to Alfred's father*! linen fao
tory to haul goods for them, and my
young friend would get up on the wagon
beside me and go with me on my rounds,
wherever that might take us. He w^lb
very democratic In his ideas and Just In
his sentiments and actions.
"As far as I can understand, race preju
dice was at the bottom of the prosecu
tion against him, with perhaps a strong
feeling of Jealousy toward him on account
of hie being rich and yet not inclined to
be a spendthrift and run with the fast
eet, as many of the officers around Paris
and other large cities of France are in
clined to do, especially when they hava
the mean*.
"No fair minded man who ever knew
him would believe for a moment that he
was ever guilty of anything like treason
to France. Why, didn't he leave his peo
ple and his home and all his prospects
party less faithfully or In less important
posts.
In Brooklyn General Tracy Is a unique
figure. Thin, looking longer than he Is,
handsome with the beauty of late years,
gentlemanly, with manners born of a
long line of wealthy and distinguished
ancestors, he livea the life of a private
citizen now, the life of a man of business
Who goes daily forth, to his work la
POINTS CONCERN
ING THE DREY
FUS FAMILY AflD
THE EARLY LIFE
OF THE HOST
PERSECUTED
MAN OF THE CEN
TURY TOLD BY
OflE VHO VENT
TO THE SAME
PUBLIC SCHOOL
for succeeding to his father's fine bust
ness for the love of France? His ft-ellng*
of patriotism were of the stron^es
most deeply rooted kind, and even if he
were not already rich him:-e':f a: d>•
through his wife, no amount of money
could have tempted him to betray any
thing that would hurt France la
smallest degree.
"As to the result of the new trial, while
I think a strong fight will be made
against him, yet still I am very sure that
the real facts about him will come out
and that he will be acquitted."
Mr. Brunswick himself served as quar
termaster under Marshal MacMahon dur-
Ing the Franco-Prussian war; was twice
taken prisoner, once at Graveiotte, but
fought his way to liberty, and was
wounded three times In the body at the
battle of Sedan. At the cloee of the war ha
left Mulhausen with thousands of others
who were unwilling to remain under Ger
man rule, and came to America, final
settling In San Francisco some twenty
odd years ago. where he has since re
sided. Since leaving Alsace he saw noth
ing of Dreyfus, and heard little of him
after the latter's leaving home to cast
his lot with France until his trial and
conviction In 1894. Since that time he baa
taken the deepest Interest In the mat
ter, keeping up with every move and
never for a moment doubting the entire
Innocence of bis former companion and
friend. »
"Dreyfus could not be guilty of men a
thing," he says; "and I am very rare the
new trial will say the same thing and re
sult In bis acquittal."
Brooklyn and comes home at night to
be gathered to his family.
It is likely that the political arena is
closed to General Tracy, for he cele
brated his sixty-ninth birthday on the
26th of April and is now on the seventy
stretch, with more than seventy's love of
quiet and retirement. But that does not
prevent the public from looking at a liv
ing statesman and studying his ways.THE NEW AND IDEAL NAVY OF THE UNITED STATES
The New Kearsarge Will Be tfce Next Ship Completed. It Is Ninety-Two Per Cent Finished and It Will Be tbe F^st Ship of "TY)e New Navy."
Will Contain
Forty-Eight
New Vessels
IF th< re was one lesson that was
tauerht by the war with Spain It
was the value of a navy, and
the United States Government
has been slow to take ad
the knowledge that it ob
ence in actual war
: y In his review of the
•.mess emphasized the
he T'nited States needed
was i. . : ships to have an ideal
question could be raised
biHty of the men engaged in
I
Although lie was one of the first per
; express this opinion, the
fact that our navy was not in a condi
tion t h a powerful and well
drilled force !. . known to
the naval authorities of this country,
but the I been to persuade
make the appropriation
irry out the plans that
had been ■
Wh^-n the war came, however, econ
omy in this particular branch of the
was no longer possible and
■when the war had ended the people had
ich a lesson that they were
willing ney in the improve
: is. They
had learm-d that great battles are often
-.-a, and that to win these
| f-n are not all that are
needt- must be provided,
hey are now working to provide
pa just as quick as possible.
Chief Constructor Hichburn. in his
last r< sented a few weeks ago.
•neouraging account of
the manner in which his work is being
carried out. He explained that the
had advanced 92 per cent to
ward completion, the Kentucky 90 per
the Illinois 68 per cent. The
Alabama i.s SS per cent finished and the
new Maim 9 pel cent. The Wisconsin
la i 73 i"-r cent, the Ohio at 17
-heathed cruiser Albany.
built in England, at 80
; Monitors are set down at
from S to 12 per cent and the torpedo
boats vary from 97 per cent, in the case
of the Dahlgrcn, to almost no per cent.
The training ship Chesapeake is placed
and the {submarine boat
Piling | r cent.
Except among naval men who have
been watching the | ot this new
r.avy with great interest, there are few
persons who realize that there are for
ty-eight warships now under construc
tion for the United States, for which
the aggregate cost for hull and machin
ery alone is not less than 5u3.:536.600.
. equipped and ready for service
these vessels will represent an expendi
ture of not less and probably much
more than $50,000,000. Eight of these
new vessels are first-clas3 battleships,
fully a.-- good as any afloat In any navy
in the world; sixteen are torpedo boat
destroyers, with an average speed of
twenty-nine knots; eighteen are torpe
do boat?; one is a sister cruiser to the
New Orleans, and four are heavy har
l • Jef< :se monitors.
The- greatest indications of the ad
van^'iiM.-nt that has been made in the
construction of fighting ships may be
Been in the Maine, the Ohio and the
Missouri. In these remarkably fine
Is the constructors will take ad
vantage of the experience obtained
durir.p the late war and some of the
good features that have heretofore
fcpen restricted to foreign warships
Vill be embodied in them. These ad-
vancements will be shown In the epped
and armament of the vessels.
The one defect that may be found
wir.n the vessels that are about ready
Just after the close of the Peace Jubilee at Atlanta last winter President McKinley and his party, consisting of Major *
Generals Wheeler, Shafter, Keefer and Lawton, left for Savannah. The entire route was ablaze with national colors *
and they arrived amid the roar of cannon, while the air of "Dixie" was as frequent as that of "Yankee Doodle." It was one j
of the most enthusiastic receptions that the President received on his Southern trip, and among other enjoyable features of »
Savannah's entertainment was the tugboat rSde. Tremendous crowds Lined the wharf as far as eye coiiHd reach, and to pkase *
the committee of entertainment the distinguished guests posed for this photograph, published exclusively in the Sunday Cail. I
for service is their low rate of speed.
There are war vessels building for for
elgn powers that will show eighteen or
more knots, whereas our new vessels
THE SUNDAY CALL.
cannot exceed sixteen knots. In the
Maine and her sister ships, however,
that defect ivlll be obviated and they
too will be able to steam at the rat*, at
eighteen knots. To accomplish this It
hp.' been necessary to give them an In-
cr.ased length of twenty feet, In order
to maw. room for the nwre powerful
machinery required.
The other Innovation, -which practl
cally doubles her value as a fighting
ship. Is the introduction of smo-keless
All Now in
Course of
Construction
powder and other Improvements in
rapid-tiring onlnHr.ce. The 12-inch
guns that will be used will he of great
length and will show the high velocity
at the muzzle of 3600 feet per second,
the same velocity being 1 called for in
the 6-inch rapid-fire guns. The muzzle
energy of the 12-inch mm will be
foot-tons, as against 25,985 foot-tons for
the 12-inch guns of the lowa and 33,627
foot-tons for the 13-lnch guns of the
Alabama. The 6-inch guns will have
about 6000 foot-tons energy, as against
3204 foot-tons for tho old slow-fir ■"■ 6
inch weapon. This, n.s may readily be
seen, represents an increase in energy
of nearly 10 per cent.
Another noticeable fact ab^ut this
vast work of construction is its dis
tribution, for this illustrates the great
change that has recently occurred in
the shipbu'.kiine industry- At the
organization of the new navy the first
four ships were built by a single firm,
but at the present time no less than
fourteen American concerns are build
ing ships for the navy of this coun-
try-
Of all our new vessels the sheathed
cruiser Albany is alone of foreign
build and this is due to the fact that
she was purchased on the stocks from
Brazil just prior to the breaking out of
the war. At that time it was quite nec
essary that we should have the Ama
zonaa, to prevent Spain from getting
her if for no other reason. Brazil,
however, refused to sell one ship with
out disposing of others at the same
time, and the Navy Department agreed
to the terms.
The Nictheroy was made a part of
the deal and she became the useful
Buffalo, fully worth every dollar of the
5575,000 that was paid for her. The
Amazonas, which had just been com
pleted, cost us $1,429,215. but as the New
Orleans she was of great value, being
the only American warship provided
with smokeless- powder for all batteries.
Her sister ship, the Almirante Abru.
now known as the Albany, was then
nothing more than a few ribs at New
castle-on-Tyne, but we took the con
tract for her construction out of the
hands of the Brazilian Government,
cheerfully paying the $250,000 to boot,
and there is no reason to believe that
the craft, which was recently launched,
■will ever make us regret our bargain.
With these forty-eight vessels and
the dozen or so more that are soon to
be contracted for. the United States
will have become a power upon the
seas instead of being relegated to the
secondary position that she has occu
pied for bo long. With the present
naval programme completed we shall
be close behind Russia, in total dis
placement and fighting efficiency, and
will have jumped ahead of Germany,
notwithstanding the activity in mari
time affairs recently developed by the
Kaiser, who in one year has doubled
the personnel of his service, raisins: the
number of officers and men from 12.000
to 25.000.
When the fact is considered that it
was -but a few years ago that this coun
try was actually inferior to China in
its strength on the seas, the wonderful
progress that we have made can be bet
ter appreciated, and the fact that our
navy is so new means that it is prac
tically quite up to date, and this alone
is a great advantage in time of conflict.
There is no reason, therefore, why we
should not feel encouraged to believe
that with our great- sea-fighting serv
ice of men and ships we would be able
to hold our own with any power In the
.world.
2728
A Little Journey Thought Quaint and Interesting Ireland
AB the afternoon train wobbles to
the accompaniment of a hoarse
voiced whistle into the diminutive
station of Shillelagh a genius In au
thoritative blue cloth and brass but
tons rushes frantically forth to meet it.
"Shure, Pat, there ain't no use o' stop
pin!" he yells, gesticulating furiously.
"There's nobody to git on!"
"And how the divil does ye know that
there' 3 nobody to git off?" replies Pat,
twisting his pipe to the other corner of
his mouth and slowing up regardless of
orders. "Begorra, I have a man as
wants to git down."
Such is rani-oaring: in Ireland off from
the beatrn tra«-ks. A happy-go-lucky,
free-and-easy a irt of non-system exists
that I have reaJiy found very refreshing.
It Is all su friendly and sociable!
Undoubtedly the man who is always
late approves at Irish railroading more
heartily than he who Is always early, hut
even the latter, though he be notably
fidgety and nervous, will be surprised at
his own pood humor, for one's tamper
Is something It Is hard to . .and.
The veri i rank, I believe, will nnd
himself disarmed by the unconquerable
good nature of the Irishman. In spite
of bad meals, hard beds and bad service
generally, one travels through Ireland In
a perpetual state of good humor. I do ,
not mean to insinuate, far trom it. that
pat's wings are beginning to sprout or
that he will not impose on you in all
sorts of ways whenever he gets a chan. ■,
but he does it in such an agreeable fash
ion and with such a dale o' blarney be
twtii, layers of imposition thai you for
give him most readily. For Instance, at
ivaterford I undertook to do the nego
tiating for a cab, or rather for a jaunt-
Ing car, which is the popular vehicle in
Ireland. "What is your price by the
hour." I asked the red-headed coachman.
a b"-b, mam," he answered quickly
"Is that your regular tariff?" 1 in
quirf"":.
"For the Soikes o' you, It is, ma'am." he
' cated, evidently leaving a loop hole
tor his conscience.
• : " ■ 'loikes' of us." I ln
' what is ■ .  r\ -
!
re, ma'am, and ye-'er slch folne i
too •■.■
J -f -z S le of h
... • ;' me
rose on ■ i cl - . Bj .: in k to the
ma'am, as'd cheat yez."
L had ■ too many (!;•.•- :■
' to this sort of thing
; ' ' 1 hate to i>p put under
oath .ai the [lings appeared
not ot l< S9 ■ ice ; ban before
t! "' USht Ol j,j " of |
to hear dis- ■
hal Irrelevant and
Immaterial in this jaunting car transac
limply, and 1 up- '
I ■ to a bystander £oj the regular
in return that it was one I
k p< nee.
right," i said to the driver "we'll !
t cJ six. '.; :■ und irstood?" !
'It i-:, mam," he ; without I
1 - ter ..l bis smile '
.' as it's yersllf, I'll do mesllf the !
of takin' you < ■•
1 began my wanderings In Ireland with
.. and thought, as Thackeray
i prettier tovn
: It, It would be im
possible to lind on a summer's day. Fur
all the rest of Ire
land, and, if 1 may be pardoned the ex
pression, is becoming ar by year.
The arrival la one's first Irish town is
I ■ c as unique if not as romantic sub
irrival in Venice, for the rows
of lit ■ arts awaiting at the
deput art- sure to be bo new a spectacle
as the rows of gondolas. Quite div
c, however, from gliding
on the grand canal with your soft-eyi i
gondolier. Hen 1 when you have select) i
to suit you off you go to you;- i. :■
hanging oji by your heels and toes am
: ■ ; afc your legs are going to b
by every passing vehicle. A
you bump over the cobblestone yo .
hairpins, If you be of that gender, trick:
down inside of your collar and by th
tin.' you reach your hotel you feel a
if you ha;l been breaking a wild colt. Thi
is the lirst experience. Three or four
trials v.ili enable you to be very dlgni
fled and graceful and to even look down
•with a proper .scorn on those who be
not in ohaises. If you remain long enotfgh
you will become a devotee of the jaunting
nd will probably determine to have
one all to yourself one of these fine days.
A? thp driver explained to us in Dublin,
auntlng car "is the most convenient
thing for coartin' that iver was Invinted.
You see I kin tell at once whether the
■ be married or single. If they be
kapin' company they tells me to balance
ar by sitting on the other side, for
the sake o' the horse, to be shure. but
if they be married, bedad, they lets me
K&pfi my own sate and they balance it
thimselves.'' In tb« country the driver
carries a very long: whip "to kape the
chllder and the pigs from under the
• s' fate."
Trinity College, the twn fine Protestant
churches n:iJ .in unimportant museum are
;tl! that Dublin pos;cssfs in the wav of
"sights." The two churches— St. Pat
rick's and Christ Church— are renovated
into modern structures. As our gui<le
expressed it. "St. Patrick's used to be tin
ould, ancient church." It !s built on the
site of the church erected by St. Patrick
himself, and is neither Catholic nor K;ig
lish ii; denomination, but -alls itself "the
Church of Ireland." It is really the his
torical church of St. Patrick, a minister
explained to me, "for at the time of the
Reformation the Bishops all Joined the
n< w forces." If thru b< true, 1 can't help
but think that St. Patrick's mission was
a sort of failure, for the great churches
of i'i>- Bishops rear their spires and pea!
their chimes- in vain.
rist ("nurch, I am told, rarely has
fifty worshipers at a time, and St. Pat
rick's ■ " destitute. At Inchigala,
a little interior village, 1 saw a very de
cent Protestani church, which maintains
■ ir and ail necessary appointments.
v : : ; only tv o Prot< sti nts in the town, of
course she burden of supporting the pas
tor does not fall on the I aro members, for
the Church of Ireland Is quite independ
endowed. To find the real praying
people of this part of Ireland one must
go to the little Catholic churches, -which
What Is Summer Literature?
WHEN birds ; building their
nests in the -3, when melt
ingsnows ars rushing to the
seas, when skies are clear and
' breezes are gentle, and
"Whatever of lite hath ebbed away
Ccmes flooding back with a ripply cheer
Into every bare inlet and creek and bay—"
in a word, when, nature is singing her
gladdest song and all the earth Is astir
with new life— to the front comes the pub
lisher and the book dealer with their lists
oif "summer literature." "books for the
seaside," "selected out-of-.town libraries."
"light reading for campers" and so forth
ad Inf.nitum. Now, what Is summer lit
erature and why is it of necessity differ
ent from autumn literature or winter lit
erature? Summer clothing has its uses
and fulfills the need wo have for bowing
phvslcally to the temperature. Besides,
its" beauty and its f.uflincss and Its gen
eral sT.se of sweet cleanliness recommend
it Summer diet has its reasons. Those
who would "come to old age with an un
impaired digestion and thus enjoy a whole
life of eating" must look to the cooling
salads and fruits of the season, for _ he
who runs himself down at the mouth is
one of the most despised wrecks, and he
gives out most ungracefully." But sum
mer literature, as advertised by dealers
and bought in quantities by the public,
has about as much . reason as summer
friends and the summer rings of the an
cient fop. "Ice Bound in the Arctic,
"\long the- Shores of Labrador," "Through
Siberia on Snowshoes" would be good,
cool books for hot summer days, but what
Is there cooling or refreshing in The
Passion of Margaret Middleton, 'I he
Heart that Hated," "A Fearful Revenge,
"Lost to Society," "A Midnight
Elopement." "A Smooth Villain ' ' A
Mounded Dove," "From Salon to Slums,
"Kitty Cordova's Courtship" and many
other* of like suggestive titles, that slip
from the hands of drowsy summer girls
and men and /impertinently dot the sub
urban landscape. The readers of such
get about as near to the heart of nature
as "a flock of geese in a puddle." There
are no "tongues in the trees" for them,
no "sermons in stones," no "books in the
running brooks" and no particular good
in anything beautiful that nature so boun
tifully gives to him who looks aright.
"Whatever gets our attention is apt in time
to win our affections, and to keep our
minds on the right subjects is no small
part of ethics. We can call up at will the
world we care to live in, ana unless the
mind is fed on the right subjects It, will
not have the right desires.
DELIA CARDS. .
New Bool^s Received.
THE EVIDENCE OF IMMORTALITY
—By Jerome A. Anderson, M. D. San
Francisco: The Lotus Publishing Com-
pany, 1170 Market street. Cloth, $1; paper,
60 cents. . , .''...
- This is the latest and best work pub
lished by Dr. Jerome A. Anderson, physi
cian, philosopher, reformer, | author, I lec
turer, philanthropist and member of the
last two Boards of Freeholders of. this
are very numerous hut always unpreten
tious.
The Catholic church in Ireland is '-ha
church of the poor, and as such is beau
tifully consistent and satisfactory: That
the priests are the best friends that the
poor people have v. as avowed to me by
an intelligent minister of an opposing
denomination, a statement that Is eusily
confirmed by one's own observation. 1* or
the priests are not, as in Italy, mysterious
and unapproachable: they do not consti
tute a -■:■■■ and aristocratic class, which
the poor people must look upon in awe.
They are the brothers and sons of the
humble women, the companions and con
fidants of the young men.
From Dublin to Glendalough and the
sweet vale •■' Avoca. where Moore wrote
"The Meeting of the Waters," an interest
ing little journey, no one v.-ho has ever
visited this delightful corner of the earth
will dispute the words of the poet,
"There's not in this wide world a val
ley so sweet." At New Ross, in Coun
ty Wexford, I obtained the first glimpse
o"f Irish life as I have so often seen it
painted, where the pig and the chicken
are auite as much at home in the boscm
of the family as the many bright-eyed
children. In this town the poverty of the
people and the bleakness of thir lives are
shocking The town is composed of rows
of huts, euphuistically called cottages,
most of them with only one room and one
very small window. The daylight entering
through this single aperture is only suf
city and county. It might have been
aptly and perhaps more comprehensively
christened "An Epitome of the Philos
ophy of Immortality," for this is what
the neatly printed little volume really
contains. Those who expect to find cita
tions of physical or phenomenal evidence
of life eternal between Its covers will be
disappointed— a fact not to be regretted,
however, by the studious or thoughtful
reader of unprejudiced mind.
This volume (small in size) is one of
the most valuable contributions to mod
ern philosophy that has been published
in the last ten years. Throughout the
author's standpoint has been his own con
ception of what constitutes sound logic
and common sense in relation to this most
momentous of all human problems.. That
this conception is' oft' at variance, with
current beliefs and the popular version
of -scientific conclusions is easily guessed
from -the bare fact thai so widely read
and conscientious an author as Dr.
Anderson should bo convinced that there
was yet to.be said something worth say
ing upon a subject that has been written
about since man learned to form his first
hieroglyphs.
■Although the author assumes neither a
special knowledge nor original ideas,
every observing reader will be impressed
with", the fact that at least the subject
Is not treated in a hackneyed manner nor
ground' traversed' that is already well
worn 'with philosophical ruts. At the
out3et a different interpretation is asked
for to Descartes' famous utterance. It
Is not "I think, therefore 1 exist." ■ says
Dr. Anderson, but "I think,, therefore I
am," "thus linking "life with the idea of
eternal being rather than with an out
form, transitory existence. - Neither Des
cartes nor his best interpreters limited
life to thought alone, but. included with
it other phases of consciousness," says
the author. "The original meaning of Des
cartes has thus been quite 'lost sight of
and attention directed wholly to thought
as the sole phenomenon of existence, the
one proof of life. • • • Thought, as
most men conceive of it, is certainly de
stroyed by death, and having been taught
to look upon man as a thinker only, and
upon existence as depending upon
thought, ■ men have been driven either
to deny existence after death, as do mod
ern materialists, or to set up a future
life incongruous to . and • ethically dis
connected with that of the' present, as do
modern Christians."
'Not only is thought not the sole proof
of life, says the author, but it Is not the
highest nor the most important faculty of
the soul, and its exaggerated importance
in Western ', philosophy is directly re
sponsible for the confusion and uncer
tainty • with which ' the ■ problem of - Im
mortality is still invested. If to live is
merely to think, then there can be no ex
istence after, death. But consciousness
does not depend upon thought, says Dr.
Anderson, and from this point branches
out the real argument of the book, treat
ed under such headings as "Sense Con
sciousness," "Thought and Imagination,"
"Thought, Reason. Intuition, Instinct and
Feeling." "The Effect of Death Upon the
Consciousness of .Life," upon the senses,
the ''desire, consciousness, imagination,
etc.; "The Process of Death," "The Re>
embodiment .of the Soul," and others.
There are two very valuable appendices,
one . upon the dream ■ state ■ of. : con.scio.ua
THE SUNDAY CALL..
flcient to puvent a total darkness. Put
into this room a couple of pigs, a hen
with her brood scratching contentedly
about, three or four grown people and
five or six children and you have Irish
life as 1 have seen it with my own eyes.
Indeed, Jt is not at all uncommon to see
the cow march forth majestically fium
ness and the other containing data that
show the striking points of similarity in
all great religions. There is much sim
plicity and directness in the doctor's
style and the book will doubtless have a
wide reading.
Magazines for August,
The Century.
"Feast Days in Little Italy," the initial
articli' of the August Century, is contrib
uted by Jacob A. Riis. the well-known
writer on social topics. It has a wonder
ful human interest, and although written
from a humorous standpoint it carries an.
undertone of respect for the faith of a
picturesque multitude, even if that faith
be superstition. Pictures by Jay Ham
bldge bring the humorous and pathetic
situations clearly to the eye. John .Bur
roughs, the born naturalist, '.'the lover of
what beautiful things suggest," contrib
utes "Glimpses of Wild Life About My
Cabin." and it is tilled with the beautiful
touches one expects from a man who feels
you must bait your hook with your heart
if you would catch your fish. "In the
Whirl of the Tornado," a personal experi
ence by John R. Mustek, Is followed by a
somewhat scientific discussion of torna
dos in general by Cleveland Abbe, the dis
tinguished American meteorologist. "The
River vi. Tea," by Eliza Scidmorc, carries
us into Oriental lands, and "The People
of the Reindeer," by Jonas Stadling, gives
pictures of the manners and customs of
the Lapps. "Via Crucis," by Marion Craw
ford, is in its nineteenth chapter, and
other fiction is contributed. Other signa
tures are Frank R. Stockton, Major Gen
eral Leonard Wood, John Trowbrldge and
Paul Leicester Ford, the latter writing
most interestingly on "Franklin as Jack
of All Trades."
Scribner's Magazine.
Writers and reavers of short stories look
forward with pleasure to the annual fic
tion number of Scribner's Magazine.
Many "sounding names as on the page of
history" appear in the signatures, but new
writers are also given a chance. The
frontispiece is by \v. Glackens. a young
artist, who gives a French illustrative
handling to home subjects and makes
"The Play's the Thing" a doubly Interest
ing story. Maxfield Parrish has done the
cover. "The Trail of the Sandhill Tag"
is contributed by Ernest Seton Thompson,
whose "Wild Animals I Have Known"
gave such a new color to animal life.
"Little Italy" again comes to the front
In a story by Albert White Voss, who lo
cates his action in an East Side theater
and thus opens an opportunity for more
good work in color illustration by Glack
ens. Many of the stories are of high ex
cellence.
The Atlantic Monthly.
Jacob Rlls, so active In charitable
movements and so prolific in writing in
their interests for magazines and periodi
cals, passes in this number of the At
lantic from the problem of "The Tene
ment House" to that of "The Tenant,"
showing the. conditions of his existence
and suggesting remedies. John Muir gives
a characteristic account of Yosemite Na
tional Park; Henry Sedgwick Jr. contiib
Is Ireland Being Deserted?
15,000 Marriageable Girls Emigrated Last Year.
the front door of the family residence.
A!i =>rt.s of attempts have been made to
cur- the Irish peasant of living In the
same rocm with the animals, but there is
a sociability and a warmth about it which
thej v.-iH not forego. The neat coming
from the body of the cow is said to be a
serious consideration In cold winter
utes an essay on Lord Macaulay as the
true representative of his age; Colonel
Higginson Introduces us to the literary
claims* of the late John Holmes, younger
brother of the Autocrat, whom many
think -would have won fame had he en
tered the literary arena; John Burroughs
discusses Tolstoi's" "What Is Art?": ex-
Senator Henry. L. Dawes treats of the
Indian question; \V. Cunningham dis
cusses "The Prospects of Universal
Peace," and current topics are editorially
handled. Fiction contributions are in
teresting and various both in style and
subject.
McClure's Magrzlne.
W. J. Glnckens again appears as illus
trator in McClure's August fiction num
ber, adding much to the interest of "Cap
turing a Confederate Mail," by Ray Stan
nard Baker. The frontispiece is a por
trait of Hon. Cecil Rhodes, from a photo
graph by Downey of London, and the
cover is "designed "by Will H. Low. Wil
liam R. Lighton, Seumas McManus W.
A. Eraser, Annie Fellows Johnston, W. T.
Stead and Benjamin Coxe Stevenson are
among the contributors. Booth Tarking
ton's novel, "The Gentleman From In
dia," is in the ninth chapter.
• Harper's Magazine.
The Midsummer Harper's prints an ex
cellent collection of short stories contribv,
uted by Miss Wilkens, Alice Duer,
Tli oin as Janvier, Frederic Remington,
Stephen Crane and others. Dr. Wyeth
adds a chapter to his "Life of General
Forrest" and Henry Sandham has an ar
ticle on "Hayti, the Unknown." In which
he says, incidentally: "The mention of
Cuba reminds me that every business man
I talked with, whether a native or a for
eigner, expressed the greatest regret that
this island was not included with Cuba
and Puerto Rico. As one of the leading
politicians of the island put the case a
short time ago: 'Uncle Sam is enlarging
his kitchen; he is getting a place ready
for another pot; he has Cuba for one
leg. Puerto Rico for another, and the
third must go on this island. It is well
for us all to look the situation fairly in
the face.' The reader will remember that
rice and beans cooked In a three-legged
pot composes the national dish of the
Lieutenant Carlos Gilman Calkins de
scribes the Filipino insurrection and Ad
miral Beardslee contributes a paper on
the Taiping rebellion.
The Overlcod Monthly.
A magazine with well cut, even edges
may not lean a way over toward the nine
teenth century artistic, but it is an ex
pression of sound common sense and a de
sire to make its readers comfortable. The
Overland has this advantage over most of
its contemporaries and it makes the read-
Ing of the meritorious contributed stories
an added pleasure. Fiction includes
"The Wife of a King," by Jack London;
"A Posthumous Fortune," by Mary T.
Van Denburgh; "Uncle Jacob's Will," by
Earle Ashlev Walcott; "The Dancer's Re
venge," by Katherlne Lansing, and other
stories. In "A Trust in Politics" Edward
r. Adams tells of the "bogie of the trust"
that is for the next few years to b« forced
weather.
New Ross, which Is a very small town.
I am sure contains no less than three
dozen liquor establishments. Which is
the cause and which the effect, the liquor
or the poverty. I am sure 1 do not know.
However it may be. T found it not in mi
heart to blame the New Ross Inhabitant
for quaffing very often at the cup that
cheers. With his eyes unblinded there is
nothing to behold but desolation. There
is no present and just as surely no future
except, perhaps, for the tow-headed
youngster whom I saw turning the pages
of his geography till he stopped to trace
with his dirty little finger a land beyond
"\ro these your children?" I asked an
old man puffing a pipe on his front door
step who had been kind enough to give
me some directions. Me was surrounded
by no less than six strapping youngsters.
""Yes, miss." he answered, "they be tne
BC "What do you mean by the second
C "I~ mean, miss, as I've been married
twice and these be the second clutch. The
first clutch has children o 1 their own.
There are not very many tourists wno
take the trip on the river Blackwater
known as the Irish Rhine, although it
Is well worthy of a visit. There are many
castles on its banks and with innumerable
windings constant surprises are yielued
The steamer lands at the old town of
Toughal. which Is as interesting as any
place in Ireland. Here the cottage in
which Walter Raleigh lived is still Intact
and the traveler may view the spot
whereon he first planted potatoes. Apro
pos of the potato it takes a trip to Ire
land to realize its excellence. The ex
pression in "Trollus and Cressida, lux
ury with her potato finger. a J wa >*
seemed to me very absurd until I had
enjoyed the article fresh dipped from an
Irish pot. Now I am praying with Fal
staff in the "Merry Wives of Windsor,"
"Let the sky rain potatoes and hail kiss
ing comfits," the latter, I understand, be
ing made of potatoes.
Cork is a very beautiful and a very
quaint old city. In the afternoon it has a
lively appearance, although I am told that
into the place recently occupied by "the
bogie of free silver." Taking the "Cali
fornia Raisin Association" as an example
of the benefits to the farmer to be derived
from certain trusts, he attempts to show
that the Democratic slogan for next cam
paign, "Smash the Trusts," though calcu
lated to tire the popular heart, may mean
nothing at all. Farmers' trusts at least
he considers beneficial societies. Other ar
ticles are "The Prospector," "Forestry
Problems of San Joaquin," "Frontier
Facts" and "From Savagery to Civiliza
tion."
The Cosmopolitan.
Frank R. Stockton, John Brisben Walker
and Alexander Harvey contribute to this
month's Cosmopolitan. Gustave Kobbe
discusses "Augustin Daly and His Life
Work"; Mrs. John King Van Rensselaer
in an illustrated article speaks of "The
Basis of New York Society," and traces
the present conditions back to their
source and through their various evolu
tions. J. W. Bennett of the Baltimore
News contributes the prize article on
social relation?, entitled "Your True Re
lation to Society." It is a most compre
hensive article. Complete stories from
the pens of Frank R. Stockton, O'Niell
Latham, Charles Belmont Davis and
Charles Francis Bourke are given in this
number.
Llpplncott's Magazine.
Lippiricott's is chiefly a complete novel,
"Fortune's Vassals," by Sarah B. Elliott;
a short story, "Noah's Ark," by I. Zang
will, and another, "The Illumination of
Lee Moy," by C. W. Doyle, author of
"The Taming of the Jungle." Articles of
interest are: "The Salon in Old Philadel
phia" and "The Court of Judge Lynch."
"Walnuts and Wine" contains much in
teresting matter.
The Critic
"A Repentance," a drama in one act, by
John Oliver Hobbes, is complete in this
numbtr. Marion Harland contributes
"Charlotte Bronte and Two of Her
Friends," and A. I. dv P. Coleman gives
the best article on Daly's life work that
has yet been printed. The book reviews
of this magazine are of exceeding interest
to the literary.
Ainslfe's and Frank Leslie's are both
fiction numbers, and the latter, in an arti
cle by Mrs. John A. Logan, entitled "A
Day of the President's Life," gives some
pertinent reasons why President McKin
ley should have the faith of the people in
carrying out the "civilizing mission of the
American nation."
Training of an Illustrator.
This Is a timely little pamphlet, a re
print from the Inland Printer for July, to
be had for the asking and a 2-cent stamp.
The author, Frank Holme of the Chicago
Daily News, gives the young illustrator
some sound advice and tells the artist
whose sensitive soul shudders at the men
tion of commercialism some wholesome
truths, reminding him that Robert Louis
Stevenson said that the artist's first dutj>
was to pay his debts. Every Illustrator
on a dally or any other paper should se
cure the pamphlet and keep it in his coat
pocket for daily reference.
business is not rushing. The . Irishman m
well as his wife is so extremely loquacious
that 1 am afraid he wastes a great deal
of valuable time in talking to his neigh
bor. At the Cork Market it was really
very amusing to see the old women with
their heads together so engrossed in con
versation that their wares were entirely
neglected. . . „
Blarney Castle, with the famous blarney
stone, is about an hour from Cork. Lest
you should already have looked at the pic
ture 1 shall state at once that I did not
kiss it. The reason is perhaps obvious.
"Do ladies ever try to kiss it?' I asked
the old woman who has guarded the
castle for thirty-five years. "Shurc,
ma'am, the ginteelest way for a lady to
kiss it," she answered glibly, " is to let
a gintleman kiss it and then to kiss the
gintleman. It's the most agraable way as
1 kin suggest."
Even the "gintlemen" are not so brave
as might be expected when it comes to
kissing the blarney stone, for the feat is a
most dangerous one, and is very rarely
performed except by sailors or profes
sional acrobats. The old castle is beauti
ful and romantic, and does not need the
blarney stone to make it worth the trip.
From Cork by rail to Macroom, and
from there coaching to Glengariff is my
most cherished recollection of Ireland.
The route has not been spoiled by 'inva
sions of tourist hordes, and the people are
yet themselves simple and delightful. We
stopped a while at the little village of
Inchigella. and from there through
mountains and past lakes to the savage
grandeur of Gaugane Barra.
A scene of more utter loneliness or
sterner magnificence than Gaugane Barra
it would be impossible- to conceive. It is
only relieved by a little island with a
group of graceful ash trees and an old
ruined chapel. Down from the surround
ing mountains rush numerous streams,
tributaries to the lake, that collects and
sends them forth in the beautiful river
Lee to form the harbor of Cork. Surround
ed on all sides by hills, the traveler feels
imprisoned as though it would require the
wings of an eagle to escape. The small
island is nearly midway in the lake, a
rude artificial causeway leading to it from
the mainland This is the famous hermit
age of St. Fin Bar. who is said to have
lived here wevioas to tils rounding ma
Cathedral of Cork. It is classed among
the holiest places in Ireland, and has long
been a favorite resort of the faithful, who
believe that Its consecrated waters have
power to heal all kinds of diseases, mak
ing the blind to see, the lame to walk, the
deaf to hear.
At certain seasons immense crowds as
semble here, bringing their sick children
and ailing animals to bathe in the sacred
waters Upon, the bushes and neighbor
ing crosses hang fragments of clothes
and halters, proving that for the various
animals, biped and quadruped, the lake
has performed the anticipated miracles.
The sacred character of uaugane Barra
has, it is said, preserved it from the pest
of so many Irish lakes— the enchanted
eel. Legend has it that in other lake dis
tricts this monster often makes his ap
pearance at njght and gobbles up the
cows and other stray possessions of the
inhabitants. In ancient times the blessed
Isle of Saint Fin Bar was also subject to
visits of this enemy, but on one occasion,
having snatched the loneen, or holy wa
ter vessel, from the hand of the officiat
ing priest, he was expelled forever from
the neighborhood.
To leave Gaugane Barra it Is necessary
to go through the celebrated pass of
Keim-an-eigh, or Deer Pass, which la
utterly desolate and gloomy. A moun
tain has been divided by some convulsion,
of nature and the narrow pass, about two
miles in length, is overhung on either
side. At every step some huge rock juts
into the path. Nowhere has nature as
sumed a more appalling aspect or mani
fested a more stern resolve to dwell in
her own loneliness and grandeur, undis
turbed by any living thing, for even the
birds shun a solitude so awful, and the
hum of the bee or the chirp of the grass
hopper is never heard within its pre
cincts. Protected by these fortresses of
rocks, ages ago the outlawed O'Sullivans
and O"Learys kept their freedom and
laughed to scorn the sword and fetter of
thf> Saxon, occasionally descending and
raiding the neighboring flocks and herds.
As may be expected in modern times,
these rocky fortresses have given shelter
to bands of lawless men, to smugglers
and highway robbers. During the dis
turbances of 1822 the Pass of Keim-an
eigh was a great stronghold of the
rebels.
But it would be easy to write a book
of legend and story and romance that
one gathers in even a little trip in Ireland.
Every lake and every river has its story,
which the moat intelligent Irishman halt
believe? in spite of himself. Glengariff
and KilUirney are the most fashionable
places in Ireland. They are both very
beautiful, but of course the romance .s
spoiled by the presence of the up-to-date
girl who stares at you through a lorg
nette and the chappie radiant in summer
resort costume. It is the fashion to rave
about the lakes and rilis of Killarney,
so I shall refrain.
Ireland as a country I am afraid is
dead — "gone up the Hume," as the back
woodsman would say. To a Catholic
priest whom I heard lamenting the situ
ation I put the question, "What can ba
done about it; what is the possible rem
edy?"
"Ah," he said, shaking his head sadly,
"there is no remedy. Even the landlords
are poor. In oppressing the tenants they
have killed the goose that laid the golden
egg. I-ast year 15,000 marriagable girls
emigrated; this year there will be more.
What can you expect when the youth of
a country deserts it In that fashion?"
There was something of reproach in his
tones against these deserters, and yet h%
acknowledged that these same emigrants
made It possible for the old people to
live. There are hundreds of them, ha
told me, entirely dependant on what they
receive from America.
Dr. Johnson one day said to Boswell
that the best prospect a Scotchman could
have was when he turned his face to
ward England. I thought of this re
mark when I saw the ships in the
Queenstown harbor pointing toward Am
erica. There Is no doubt about It— the
best prospect an Irishman can have Is
When lie looks seriously at one of these.
GENEVIEVE GREEN.Sweet Sixteen Back From the Seashore and Ready for School
Most
Proper
Fashions
For OUr
Girls At
School.
BEHOLD the merry schoolgirl!
She la back from the mountains
and seashore! Sho has said a
I adieu to riding, rowing,
swimming, fishing, golf, tennis
whatnot. With the delights
of the summer vacation still echoing in
her ear? ehe ti to attune them I
It is ' '' that
irrite. Not of the little tot who
■n pinafores, but of the maiden who
■ut to flutter out of the grammar
- -i Into tl
-the girl who stand- on the thresh
•een.
Dorman of the Frawlej
to just that many years.
dignity of sweeping gowns for the
Bhe nag n , thr< wn <.ff on the
girlish gowns of her schooldays.
These photographs shew several pretty
costumes for the high school miss. They
Mme. Hygeia
LET, bathing and exercise are the
|\\ three important factors in the
)) achievement of beauty. If poor.
I J) fretting femininity would but
"grapple to her soul, with hooks
of steel." these three greatest of all
beauty rules there would be fewer beauty
woes in the world, and womankind would
be happier in consequence.
There's no use talking, a woman simply
cannot be tranquil in her mind when ehe
feels that her nose is like unto an In
distinguishable searchlight, or that her
cheeks resemble a pin cushion from which
all the pins hay« been extracted.
As soon as women come into an under
standing of correct living, then, and not
until then, will oily skins and facial
eruptions vanish from the face of the
earth. Since I first started in to study
the mind feminine, with its little fads and
foibles. I have discovered that It is wom
an's impulse to purchase a Jar of cream
or a bottle of some choice lotion and then
expect a bad complexion to Jw 1 "" a 0 n n 9 ;
formed into a thing of beauty In one
brief night. How very absurd, when tne
trouble may be caused by impure blood,
a bad digestion or any one of severa.
other physical ills. , .
II would be about as reasonable to ex
pect ■ cough lozenge to cure a bad case
of rheumatism or a hair tonic to remedy
a stroke of paralysis. The cream may
heal up the eruptions for a day or two,
but how in the name of all that s beau
tiful can a permanent cure be effected
when the cause continues to nourisn iiKe
a house afire or a river that has broken
its dam? , .
men treat their stomachs to un
pardonable abuse. Instead of being given
the good, wholesome food that every
well ordered, self-respecting stomach
craves, such as will make pure blood and
give to a woman pretty red cheeks ana
a transparent complexion, it Is forced to
become a receptacle for sweets and
rastries, rich -salads, welch rarebits and
all sorts of indigestible morsels. Is It
any wonder that it revolts and puts forth
signals of distress In the shape of
pimples, blackheads and other unsightly
blemishes? . ,
The poisonous matter in the blood is
expelled through the pores of the skin
The glands and cuticle of the face being
the most sensitive in the body. It Is there
that the utomach usually plants its re-
li women were as keen about e-xerclse
os are men wrinkles and stooped shoul
ders would be at a discount among the
beskfrted sex. and youth would not so
Quickly depart. Nothing will keep the
muscleß firm and healthy like exercise
It wil' improve the carriage, add to the
gen.-ral development, aid the dipestive or
gans, and. what 1b quite as Important in
the acquirement of beauty, will keep one
animated and cheery. ■_
So let the girl who would remain young
long after she has ceased to count her
birthdays go in for outdoor sport, J-«et
her reval in swimming and wheeling, and
learn to take long walks. I verily believe
that the Fountain of Youth in composed
are stUtatale tor babr juniors, morry mid
dlers or dignified seniors. . •
There la one thinK about the a\erage
schSirrs attire that ofight be severe
ly condemned. Fortunately a s.nbipie
Hioi\n§Tex!i - ,«&«
neir neck.. Pitiful We will be | a race
of wrinkled throats unless a halt Is caiiea
in the height of collars.
The girl who has not an ugly dark ring
iround hf-r neck Just above the line of
he? collar, and a di forming crease just
below the bottom of the collar, Is scarcely
t0 The Wm-ess of Wales always wears
her throat swathed high in jewels oven
when she wears a decollete gown. It : "' a
? our t secret scared by the entire universe
ET. BATHING AND
CISE.
of nothing but pure, fresh air. You can't
tret too much of It, so lave in it, drink 01
it" a, i that you can. Its excessive cheap
ness makes'lt available to all.
Above everything else don forget the
daily bath. Without this greatest of all
beautiflers the structure of beauty which
you are endeavoring to build wHI topple
and fall like a house of cards. The bath
should be indulged in ••v-ry morning."* It
is not necessary to nib and scrub unui
you n are so exhausted that you cannot re
member whether your name is Smith or
Jones, but let the daily bath consist
merely of a hasty washing away of the
dust and the secretions of the skin and a
thorough rubbing with a coarse towel.
This will be found to be must invigorat
ing, and there is nothing that will so
quickly cure a coarse complexion with
black, open pores, as keeping the pores
of the body free from sebaceous matter.
A hot bath should be taken once a week
Just before going to bed is the best time
for this ablution, unless one happens to
be of an excessively nervous temperament.
Be sure that your tub is scoured even
day for the oils and dust washed from
the body invariably collect on the sides
of the tub Just where the water reached.
Have a wash Tag. a flesh brush and a
coarse towel -and before getting into the
tub, which should be half filled with hot
water, give the face and neck a thorough
scrubbing with castile soap and a com
plexion brush. Let the scrubbing extend
well down on the chest, rinse well and
dry with gentle pats.
After getting into the tub scrub the
body vigorously with the flesh brush.
Don't be afraid. Scrub hard. Besides
thoroughly dislodging any matter that
clogs the pores, the scrubbing will exer
cise the muscles and start the blood to
galloping through the veins. For this
reason it Is very invigorating. After the
scrubbing let the cold water run into th«
tub. gradually cooling the water. With
this rinse the body well, and let the dry
ing be brisk* and quick. Envelop your
self In some sort of a warm gown while
the hair is being brushed for the night,
cleanse the teeth and anoint the face with
a pure, home-made cold cream. Then
lump Into bed. I'll wager dollars to
doughnuts that you'll awaken the follow
ing morning with a fresher, prettier com
plexion than that you went to bed with.
Try It and see.
A word of warning to those of my read
ers who were particularly interested in
the Beauty Talk on the subject of white
hair that appeared a few Sundays since.
In It I suggested putting a few drops of
bluing in the water in which white hair is
rinsed. I did not mean the liquid bluing,
such as comes in bottles already pre
pared. Results dire and disastrous would
likely follow its use. Gat the little balls
of bluing and make th« liquid yourself. A
few drops of this In th© water will give to
white hair that pretty, silvery look that
is so much a'lmirfid.
Answers to Correspondents.
JENNIE B.— lt ie a real pleasure to
answer the Inquiries of any one as genu
inely appreciative as you are. Don t
apologize for having asked so many ques
that the Prince?? of Wales has some very
ugly scars on her n?ck. These same scar.*
have been responsible for the fashion of
wearing dog collars with evening gowns.
But there never was a jeweled device
one-half so pretty as a slendeT white
throat And is it not a shame that the
VWrloan girl will, like a certain Princess
of England, be forced to always cover her
throat?
The standing collar seems to increase
in height with the popularity of the shirt
waist, Young Kirls are most apt to over
do A collar ol caricature height is pro
nounced "awfully swell" by the girls'
They bind their throats as atrociously as
the Chinese bind their feet, and with the
same deforming effects, though of course
1 ?© ' be made to strike the
tions. That's what I'm here for. It you
have any inure, come again. The cucum
ber milk will, I am sure, remote tho stain
ii. .m your nock, caused by the nigh col
lars Go on with the treatment you have
commenced for the blackheads. It is all
and will certainly conquer them in
time Eternal vigilance is the price of
many things besides liberty, fou need
nave n'> fear whatever in using the bust
food Reducing the Btee of the bu-,t and
sing ii are two very different mat
ters The glands are very sensitive, but
gentle massage with a fattening cream
will not do the leßst bit of harm. There
Is nothing in the world so soothing for
irritated eyelids as diluted witch hazel.
That light' hair of yours can easily be
kept fluffy and light. All you need is an
egg shampoo every two or three we.eks.
Take the yolk of an egg and beat it up
until it is light and golden, then add a
pinch of borax and a pint of warm water.
Rub into the scalp as you would toap
suds. Then rinse over and over again.
UGL.X" KATE— My best bonnet is up
against your last summer's hat that
you're not ugly at all, Kate; just think
you are, which I suppose 1b quite as try-
Ing to you as if you really were the mis
erable looking object you try to make
out. If that skin is so awfully oily drink
luts of mineral water, eat plenty of fruit
and green salads, and never under any
circumstances fail to take a daily sponge
bath. Make the following toilet vinegar
and use it at first in its undiluted State,
then after tone has been restored to ho
skin use one tablespoonful in half a cup
of water: Dried rose leaves, one ounce, to
which half a pint of white wine vinegur
is added. T,et stand for seven days, then
add one-half pint of rose water. Do not
keep in a metal vessel.
MERRY MARY— A pink pomadp for the
lips is made of one ounce of white wax.
two ounces sweet almond oil, one grain of
carmine and one drop oil of rose. Melt
wax, add oil, then carmine, finely pow
dered, and lastly the perfume. The two
creams you mention are very much the
same, except that the first is a prepara
tory mixture, and the other one, which
can be made after innumerable formulas.
To plumpen the cheeks rub the fingers
round and round very gently. This makes
the skin absorb the skin food, which is
so excellent to give nourishment to the
tissue. Never use plain, straight strokes
when massaging. Benzoin is excellent as
a toilet vinogar, but should not be used
too strong, as its purpose 1b to help rid
the skin of the many tiny particles which
it is constantly shedding. No, I do not
sell any of the preparations told about in
this department. My purpose is to teach
women how to make their own toilet ar
ticles, so that they may know just what
they are putting on their faces.
BESS— The formula for hair curling
fluid Is: Gum tragacanth, one and a half
drams; proof spirit, three ounces; attar
of rose, two drops; water, seven ounces.
If too thick, thin with rosewater. The
nicest kind of a face bleach is made by
squeezing one tablespoonful of Juice out
of a cucumber and adding to It two table
spoonfuls of lemon Juice and fifteen grains
?f borax. This will benefit the oily, be
reckled skin. Apply three or four times
during the day, and then, just before go
THE SUNDAY CALL.
happy medium In th*» matter of collars.
There is no denying that in Europe the
collars are not made as hi^h as in
America I have never Been an imp
gown with a choker. A girl who recently
returned from Berlin, where Bhe ha
studying music, told me that she senl to
X- w York for all her shirtwaist ci
because she couldn't buy them higl;
enough In Berlin. Which speaks well for
Gretchen's throat— she evidently Is not
making- her neck look like a piece of
crumpled parchment paper.
There is a tiny glimmer of hope ahead.
ing to bed, smear cold cream over the
MADGE— No, my dear, drinking choco
late will not injure your complexion in the
least. If you are thin it will do you a
world of good. Neither will a pure pow
der harm your skin; on the contrary, it
will preserve it and keep the pores from
becoming clogged with dust. Good corn
starch makes a desirable powdtr, espe
cially when combined with a small quan
tity of oxide of zinc— the best and purest
to 'be had. You should always use .a cold
cream on your face after coming in from
a bicycle ride In the sun.
jrANITA— You are a dear little girl
and I like you. That is right, don't try
to be a grown-up "young lady" yet
awhile, even if you have attained the
tr. mendous arre of 15. There are Lots of
us "grown-ups" that would give our back
t^eth to go bark to the age of pinafores
and pigtails. Here is the formula for an
excellent cold cream: White wax. one
half ounce; spermaceti, one half ounce;
sweet almond oil, two and one-half
ounces; rosewater, three-fourths of an
ounce; benzoin, three drops. May it bring
you the complexion for which you are
Righing.
GLADYS— D*>ar child, go to your mother
with the tale you have brought to me.
ghe is the one to advise you in such a
matter. She will not censure, I am sure,
ami will give you the sympathy that a. t
stranger could not.
A. B. C— l know of nothing more diffi
cult to remedy than those nard, round
spots that come near the eyes. The best
treatment of which I know is a diet of
lemons and oranges, with constant appli
cations of cologne in which a tiny piece
of borax ha» been dissolved. What will
bring back the color to the cheeks? Good
health, which can be got by proper foods,
scrupulous cleanliness, regular exercise,
sweet temper and early hours. That
sounds easy, doesn't it? If all of us had
will and determination enough to carry
out thf«e few simple rules the makers of
rouges would go out of business in short
order. Very fine hair should not be
washed oftener than once a month, and
then should be treated with great care
and gentleness, as it is likely to tangle
and so become broken. A dessertspoonful
of ammonia and a pinoh of borax in the
wntpr when you wash your hair will give
it that fluffy appearance. A great many
people claim that the curling Iron will
not injure the hair unless the Iron Is too
hot and burns off the little tendrils. But
lust between you and me. my dear, I
would banish the Iron. Put your curls up
on soft tissue-paper at night Instead. All
those little, tiny hairs about your fore
head can be coaxed into a luxurious
growth by clipping occasionally massag
ing frequently and applying a slight sug
gestion of olive oil to nourish the roots.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
2J3!MMHH|n Is removed by DR. and MRS
Effi*T*i^iQH A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
MF^-^^Twß building, 1170 Market St., cor.
B^ <: «o^7i^B Taylor, rooms 28-29, with the
B^^£ / xB electric needle, without pain or
iiiy^fe'^** -*4* scar Moles, . warts, wrinkles,
HKv \JSk blackheads, freckles, blrth-
ZJ3Lj~~&I marks, etc..' also removed. Per-
WMSMmNSI ma-nency guaranteed. Hours, I
FREE TREATMENT.
BIONUTRINE restores gray or faded hair, to
Its natural color: produces a new growth on
bald heads; restores lost eyebrows; guaranteed
harmless, recommended by leading physicians.
Those wishing to test the virtues of BIO-
NUTRINE wlfi receive ONE WEEK'S TREAT-
MENT FREE at 1201 Bush St.. from 1 to 6
p.m. dally. Tel. Butter 2831. Send for circular.
. ■ ■ ■ ■ '-.••.
High
Collars
Bring
wrinkled
Throats.
Beware.
The growing fad for buckles may prove
our salvation. In the East they are wear
ing- these buckles with shirtwaist? not
only at the belt but at the throat. Their
populariiv is not yet sufficient to entirely
cti«t The stiff collar, but its fall is threat
ened All hail the entrance of anything
that will accomplish Up downfall.
The new style of wearing a belt made of
n soft piece of satin ribbon <iu'te wide and
then putting the ends of that ribbon into
a buckli . satisfactory fashion.
The ribbon Is soft enough to pull up high
In back, heightening the narrow effect in
front. The Buckle, a very small affair, is
usually of silver studded with stones, or
ii: enamel, or, .'still more popular, of of
oxidized silver or fine gilt. The designs
i.inning and the buckles most inex
i nsive.
But it is not the gospel of waist buckles
bui of the throal buckles that I would
; n r< h, for the reason that these bucklps
SEE WHAT IS TO BE Palmistry
YOUR FATE.
AUiiUNAI'LLiA-You possess a great
love for music and are very quick in
thought and deed. Beware of falls. :is a
broken leg threatens you in the future.
Prosperity will smile on you, hut in all
your dealings you .ire inclined to be self
ish. Though you have many acquaint
ances few ;<i" your friends, and there will
be i ome sadness In your lit.-.
GEORGE WASHINGTON -You will
be a widower, four life will have many
Breaks and changes and you will play
with fate. You- will, moreover, always
have great wealth. You are possessed or
considerable vanity and are fond of tricks
and jokes. Beware of the water, as death
threatens you through drowning. You
are not of a domestic nature, and your
life will always be in a whirl.
MRS. A. F. M.. Fifteenth street, City-
Tour hand shows gTeat continuity of pur
pose and very artistic ideas. In marriage
you will be ruled. You always think of
others before yourself. You have a cool
head and good judgment; are sympa
thetic; make lasting friends, and are a
great thinker. . _..
MRS. G. Q. 0., Fifteenth street, City—
Your life will be long, but not very easy.
The main thing that threatens you is
your health. You are very far-eighted,
and when you place yourself in a raise
position you can always get out of it.
You will never be very wealthy, but you
will own three lots and will always have
enouph. You arc proud, independent,
rather jealous, impatient, and you should
be very' careful of your tongue. You will,
however, always get along with people.
MISS F. R. 8.. Fifteenth street, City-
It Is a good thing that you are careful, as
you are somewhat liable to accidents and
dangers. You will lose some of the money
you now possess, but your inventive mind
will serve you in your hour of need. In
thought, word and deed you are some
what erratic, and it is very hard for you
m make friends. Many entanglements
are in store for you through your friends
ai MISS JESSIE BARTON, City— You
will have a great many opportunities con
ducive to your health, strength and char
acter, but you are too romantic, and
have too many gloomy thoughts. Be not
too hasty in your judgment of people and
things You love the beautiful. In the
middle part of life most of your troubles
will arise, but you will bear them like a
heroine and find much happiness later on.
MISS GERTRUDE H., Oakland— You
are too impatient, critical and sensitive.
I,ife for you will be long, but you do not
know your own heart, and you should
conquer your restless nature. Abide by
reason, and your future will be happier.
Music has great charms for you, and you
are quite gifted in that line. Accept the
PI M l ISS AGNES M., Santa Cruz— Wonder
at nothing that may befall you. The be
ginning of your life will not be to your
liking You make yourself very uncom
fortable dwelling upon the seeming mys
teries of this world, and you should have
more diversions. You are very secretive,
and are often misunderstood by your
friends.
MRS. M. 8.. Half moon Bay— The lm->
pression of your hand is faulty, but many
vital points are legible. You will have a
long and checkered life. You are rather
weak of character and lack determination.
mean that nothing l.ut a soft ribbon -with
out a canvas foundation is wound around
the throat.
The idea is to have a piece of ribbon
from two to four inches in width and
fhriX'-quarters of a yard in length, or
even longer if necessary, so that it will
jo round the neck twice. The ends are
put into the tiny buckle which fastens it.
They lcok particularly well with velvet
or peau de soie ribbons. It looks rather
better when the neck and belt buckles
match, but there is no law that they
should be in one and the same design.
I am going to let you read a school
girl's letter that I have borrowed from
the girl in the country to whom it was
written. You will see just what '"is" and
"if not" in schoolgirl fashions:
"Dear Sue: If the wise one with 'speck?
(for the teachers wear them) knew tnat
instead of conjugating my verb— amo,
amas amat— l was writing to you my
doom' would be sealed. This evening the
Middl s are going to give a hop and I < x
,,,.ct 10 be there. Now that 1 have if-rt
the ranks of the 'baby juniors I am de
cidedly 'in If and thank my lucky star
that those days arc past and gone. \\ ill
is going to take me and that, young chap
pie quite realizes the honor In store (or
him. For did not 1 have three different
young boy., all -firsts/ too. beg gefavor
of escorting me? Oh, I am decidedly in
it and such tun— only Brother Dick says
I'il begin to think I'm if if my popularity
runs up any higher. II has reached 95
degrees ud to date and the question which
Is now troubling my gray matter Is, AHi
it be on the ascent or will it wane.
"My dress is a dream and I am er>
conceited when l say it is very becoming
to me. I am afraid; Sue, that y^n woull
hardly recognise me, for my skirt .has
irown quite a few inches and the waist
fs made so that only chiffon covers the
neck and arms. At first i could not get
over the feeling ol being undressed, but
I 'y. e Sly ?e nq " e evlrV 1 th t i n"''he r e in the High
School and she "who does not obey the
\w« of Dame Fashion is left out in the
freezing cold. For every day shirt waists
are the most popular, 1 suppose because
they an so Comfortable. But oh! the
aiony of putting one on-for they are
He hardest things to get on correctly!
The way one wears the waist mars or
m "TT, S wear It well you must pull your
«kirt very high in back, being very par
ticular that the shirt waist is pulled down
You will lose everything you possess un
less you maintain a bold position and de
fend "yourself. You can employ others to
defend you, but there will always be un
satisfactory results. You have a working
hand and strength of heart and soul to
clear away the obstacles. Hope on. There
are many bright and better days for you.
The only thing you have to dread is the
loss Of property. Don't let this occur, for
you can prevent it.
SAND FOSS. City— You possess intens
ity to such a degree that it conflicts with
your struggles and ambition. Be more
moderate and in the long run you will
find that you are more successful. You
have a splendid heart line, but you are bo
changeable and dilatory that you mar
even the best of intentions. You are fond
of change, are very visionary and make
acquaintances quickly and forget them
as easily. You are very fond of amuse
ment and pleasure and fortunately you
have both wealth and health.
PATRICA, X.. City— You have a bril
liant mind; splendid thoughts govern ac
tion, but you have not attained what you
deserve. You have endured many disap
pointments, but you accept them with
graco. You may be troubled with rhea
matlsm and impoverishment of the blood
as you grow older. Do not dwell too long
on "any subject, because your mental ten
sion is too great. Seek pleasure and en
joy it. Think more of yourself. You re
quire diversion and travel.
MISS ESTELT,A PERRY. City— You
have a beautiful life before you and you
are deserving of it, for you possess a sin
cere and kind heart, and beauty. You
will be much admired and appreciated
wherever you go. You will be more nut
of doors than in doors. You are musical,
and at times will he given to melancho-
Ha. Don't allow outside influence^ to gov
ern you. Your natural disposition is
sunny; be yourself.
ARTIE Z., San Joge— You will never
amount to very much until after your
thirty-fifth year. You are a peculiar ge
nius and indifferent. You ought to over
come the latter, for It will deprive you
of much in the way Of friendship and ben
efits. You have good reasoning power and
you should use it. You have the hand of
a bachelor, but are of an ardent nature
and will marry a widow. There are a
number of entanglements before you. In
business you are very broad-minded.
BERTELLE 8., San Jose— You possess
a spirituelle hand, and there is much of
the "dolce far nlente" in it. You -would
sooner give than take; are very romantic,
nervous, sensitive and artistic, and
you are beloved by all. You are very con
scientious and reliable. Your life will be
remarkable, as your planetary influences
are aubl'me. You will have lots to throw
away and you won't miss it. Your love
of pets is strong. You are passionately
fond of flowers and birds and you will al
ways possess a happy home.
MRS. R. M., Fifteenth street, City—
You will combat fate and will havo a
great deal to resist. Your disposition is
lovely, but through mismanagement you
will have some little trouble. You are
very moody and observing. ' In the future
you will have better health.
MISS M. E., San Jose— You are of a deli
cate constitution, but you will shine. You
are very impulsive; will marry soon and
neatly and that the safety pins A, rt
show. In front the skirts should be
pulled down a trifle so that when the
belt is put on there will be a decu.-l
downward slope.
"The belt buckles are as small as they
possibly can be and hold the ribbon, thus
making a point, and naturally, that
heightens the effect of the alone and
makes the belt much wider In back than
in front.
"The neck is such a nuisance. There ar«
so many things to pick from, but the
sweliestare coilars and ties of white or
colored pique. The very latest, however,
is a white pique collar with a black velvet
ribbon (about one inch in width) wound
around it with a butterfly bow under the
chin.
"Gloves are an important item, ana on
that score. I have been very lucky. I had
a wager with one of the senior girls for
a box of gloves.
"The shoes are simply hideous, but we
have to endure them. Great round bull
dog toes, with extension soles and heavy
enough for a plowman. They make the
f. . t look their natural size, and conse
quently it keeps me busy trying to hide
them. Our feet look like Mississippi gun
boats.
"Now, Sue, If you can't get al! the farts
and f"ibles we girls in the city have,
don't let the green-eyed monster prick
There's nothing like the comfy
gingham dresses you country girls wear.
Lovingly, GRACE."
The Scottish American has a story of
a North Country servant girl, who was
Irving with an English family in tho
neighborhood of Oxford.
One wet day she happened to step into
a heap of mire and returned home v,i;h
her clothes much soiled.
'What have you been doing?" asked her
mistress.
"Oh." said she, "I stepped into a hump
lock o' glaur."
"And what's giaur?"
"Just clairts," said the girl.
"But what's clairts?"
"It'a Just clabber."
"But, dear me! What is clabber?"
"Clabber is Orookit stour."
"But what is drookit stour?" insisted
the amazed lady.
"Woel, weel," said the girl. " 'aye naa
patience wi 1 ye ava. Ye sud ken as weel
as me, it's just wat dirt."
will be a good wife and mother. You are
dependent on others but are always will
ing to help. Your disposition is bright
and cheerful and you are a good enter
tainer. You are constant and devoted.
Your health will grow better after your
marriage and you will have a long and
happy life.
MR G B.— You like money too well and
you take many risks to obtain it. You
are not lucky as a speculator. You will
travel a great deal. You are very deter
mined and rather selfish. Be careful of
the water. You are too hasty in every
thing. If you were moderate you would
be more successful. You are a dreamer,
but naturally bright and Intelligent and
will only enter the highest society. You
will have a happy marriage.
MRS. K. WELLINGTON. Yolo County
—You will grow stout as you grow older.
You have a great love of home, but will
experience losses and changes Yours i 3
a jolly nature and very visionary, arid
your disposition is sweet and affectionate.
At one time you were better off than you
are new, but you will again have more
money if you are cautious, but you will
have some trouble and litigation }.'.j
careful, or a great catastrophe will com©
and you will lose all. A change of plac«
will soon occur.
MR. C. T. A., Petaluma— You will have
many changes throughout your life. You
have had losses, but your future will be
more settled. \ou are not lucky in specu
lation, and should be more careful about
money matters. Your life has been threat
ened, and you do not make many friends.
You have Individuality and are quick of
thought and witty. No poverty is in store
for you, but you will never be very
wealthy. You would make a good writer,
as you have an imaginative mind. You
are naturally a philanthropist, a lover of
nature, and are very artistic. A long
journey is before you.
KVANGELINE A.. Eureka— Be more
firm of purpose. You will have a long life,
which will be full of events, and you will
be lucky on water. You are charitably
inclined and have a pensive and docile
disposition. Your greatest desire at the
present time is to go away from home.
You are fond of music and society and
of the world in general. Be careful or
you will make many mistakes.
MRS. A. E. P. E., Fort Bragg— You
have a deal of energy and determination.
You are very intense in your affection*
and inclined to jealousy, which will make
you trouble if you are not careful.
HAROLD O. D.— You will have to take
care of yourself or your life will end be
fore your fortieth year. Good care, how
ever, will prolong your life to a good old
A C. T., Sunol— You allow everything
to worry you and disturb your peace of
mind Try to be more equable and have
more confidence in others whom you know
to be your friends.
ANN L-E SUN, San Luis— You will
marry once. You will be very prosperous
until your thirty-fifth year, when you
probably will lose money through specu
lation.
Madame Neengraard, pupil of St. Gerrjatn,
solentlflo palmUt; reading-, by mall, $1; offlo*
hour* 1 to 8 p. m. CM Geary »t., abov« Joneai
eteMMb
2930
The Uncanny Lan d by the Colo
rado River Known as "Bad Man's
Hunting G round Where There Are
Lakes of Inky B lackness an d Thou
sands of Volcanoes Spouting Fire.
sar|ds cF Volcano SpeUtTriS Frrfc.
LOS ANGELES. CaL— An expedition
of California scientists, among
them Professor S. W. Preston, with
two gentlemen connected with the
ted State? Geological Survey.
have just returned from a trip down the
lazy. muddy Colorado River from Yuma
to the Gulf of California and have spent
sever:-! weeks In Investigating The vol
canoes In that region. The men who com
prised the expedition say theirs were the
first palefaces seen in the "Valley of the
' in several years tind that the
regi* ■ ■ mouth of the Colorado
River Is full of natural wonders.
The exact location of the land of vol
ca:. les la - mthwest of the Cocopah
Mountains and exactly on the boundary
line between the State of Sonora. of
Mexioi , and tho f-astern part of Lov.-er
California. As a bird would fly it Is il3
Bouthw- st from the quaint old Mexican
and American pueblo of Yuma and a few
miles from where the Rio Grande sprawls
its muddy water into the Gulf of Cali
fornia.
All Indians are superstitious, and those
In Arizona mvl Northern Mexico believe
that the land of volcanoes is. the next
door to hell itself. There are hundreds
of legends and stories among the Pimas,
Marl : Oocopahs about the hor
rible bdr.^s that have in a«es past come
from among the volcanoes to the Injury
of the Indians and of the spirits of dead
and wicked red men that wander about
down there in the sulphurous atmosphere,
only waiting an opportunity to wreak
vengeance upon some unsuspecting sav
age. The Jesuit missionaries who came
up the Rio Grande in 1798 on a mission
of Christianity and civilization among the
savages were probably the first whites
•who saw the volcanoes in that region.
Their diaries contain several pages of
tht grewsome legends the Indians con
nected with the "land of the always
mad epirit."
The air for miles around the valley of
the volcanoes is heavy with foul fumes,
and only persons of strong lungs and
throats can stand the odors, even several
miles away, for more than a few hours.
When one has gone to the volcanoes the
odors are found to be dangerous to ani
mal life unless there Is a strong breeze
blowing to carry the sulphur-laden air
away. There are undoubted stories of
■ persons who have ventured too far among
the volcanoes, where the air was calm and
heavy with the poison, who have died
In a few minutes. Several years ago Pro
fessor Smedley of Ontario College fitted
up an apparatus whereby he could carry
a rubber bag full of pure air while he was
exploring among tht liveliest of these vol
canoes. In some way his device did not
work when he had gone only 290 yards
Into the valley of the "fire spitters," as
the Indians call them, and had he not been
seen to stagger and fall by several com
panions who, at the risk of their own
lives, rushed in to his rescue, he would
have died in a few minutes. As it was,
the whole party was 111 for a week or
more from the effects of inhaling the poi
son.
The first view of the locality of the vol
canoes from an elevated spot on a hill on
the edge of the valley is memorable. Th«
feeling as one gazes oi'er an area of
thirty miles under the hot, burning sun
of the desert, dotted everywhere by thou
sands of hummocks and mounds, and blue
■moke curling up from some of these, and
flames and particles of molten lava from
others, Is that here Indeed is a literal In
ferno on earth. The mounds or volcanoes
are of all sizes, from that of a hogshead
to a mound some 160 to 200 feet high. The
majority of them are about fifteen feet
high, and are sixty feet In circumference
at the greatest point. Most of these lit
tle volcanoes are active, and when they
«x« not apitticAT taxth. vaoor and lurid
flames are boiling and stewing within. The
of. several thousand volcanoes,
::;p. grumbling and bubbling, Is In
describable. The ground trembles beneath
feet, and a peculiar purple haze en
a the seen' aa far as one can see.
On some days a few of the larger volca
noes those that are 100 feet hiarh and
slightly less than an acre In area— may
be In eruption. Then the scene is even
more impressive. The rumbling is so loud
that one must almost shout to be heard
by bystanders. A dozen times a minute
a flame twenty-live feet high and about
ei^ht feet In diameter bursts from the
crater of each of the larger volcanoes,
and is accompanied by a sound like the
escape of steam from an enormous safety
valve on a steam engine. The flame is of
a peculiar dark reddish hue, and when
hundreds of hits of lava the size of cab
bages are thrown with it the noise is
louder. The flame settles back within the
volcano as rjuickly as it shoots out, only
to burst forth again in four or five sec
onds. Sometimes the large volcanoes are
active for a fortnight at a time, and then
may rest for a year. A few days is tho
usual period of eruption with these, and
the periods may be months apart.
The valley of volcanoes may be reached
only by a boat from Yuma down the Col
orado River. The journey can be made
only at a certain season in the year, and
then it is hazardous. The danger lies In
the treacherous eddies an<3 rapids of the
Colorado. There are but few reliable In
dian pilots on the river, and none of them
can be Induced to go within miles of the
valley, which they know as "Bad Man's
Hunting Ground." The route la uncertain,
owing to the unaccountable freak the
stream has of suddenly drying up when
it is Irast expected. The best time Is In
May or the latter part of April, because
later in the season It g-ets too hot down
THE LATE ROBERT BONNER AND HIS HORSES.
IN all his long business career In this
country the late Robert Bonner was
recognized as a man of versatile ge
nius, but in not one of the many
things he did, and did so well, did he
nil so much of the public eye and be
come universally known as when he took
up the role of horseman.
This happened forty years ago, when In
ISSS his health began to suffer from the
continued strain of overwork.
"You must take some outdoor exercise,
some daily relaxation," said his doctor.
"Can you drive horses, do you know any
thing about horses?"
"No," replied Mr. Bonner, "I do not,
that is to say, I know very little, but if
you think a daily drive behind a pair of
good trotters up the road will be bene
ficial I will soon learn all that is needed."
And with the intense earnestness char
acteristic of the man he kept his word as
to learning the part, and soon became not
only one of the most expert but one of
the most unique and picturesque figures
among the horsemen of America.
Mr. Bonner was a Presbyterian of the
old school and a pillar of the church, but
he from the first developed a keen love for
the trotter, and in an Interview about
twelve months ago, In which he defended
his large expenditures in trotting stock,
amounting to more than $600,000, he stated
that his contributions to the church far
exceeded that figure. He was a strong
personal friend of Dr. John Hall and
Henry Ward Beecher, and spent hours In
conversation with them, but the following
day found him equally at home and fully
as enthusiastic discussing pedigrees and
Vhv?re. If the prospective traveler toe a
good boatman he might be safe In at
tempting the trip by the Colorado down to
the point where it meets the Incoming
stream, which thus early In the year It
always dry. His craft he can safely leave
moored to the banks of the Colorado, for
in this country there are no roving band*
of Indians or predatory boatmen to steal
it. There are probably not fifty human
beings in that whole region of the mouth
of the Colorado from one decade to an
other. The Journey across the Interven
ing thirty miles of desert and mountain
can easily be made by following the dry
bed of the little river, which will bring
one directly to the edge of the basin
wherein lies one of the greatest natural
wonders of the continent. It Is perhaps
unnecessary to say that a supply of food
and water must be taken.
The valley of the volcanoes Is about
thirty-two miles long and from fifteen to
twenty miles wide. It has been found
by surveys to be about one-third of a
mile north of the line dividing the United
States and Mexico, and engineers have
ascertained the territory is about 300 feet
below the level of the sea. To the north,
towering skyward, their snow-covered
tops glistening in the sunlight, are the
lofty Cocopah Mountains, and to the far
west, just within range of the vision, can
be discerned the Coast Range. To the
south are also seen rugged crests of an
performances with "Johnny** Murphy,
Splan or Doble.
He seemed to have an equal facility dis
cussing a point of theology dogma as he
had in describing the anatomy of the
horse's foot, of which he had made an
especial study. A regular attendant at
church. Mr. Bonner was at the same time
a keen follower of the trotting turf, tak
ing a deep Interest In all the races he
■witnessed, especially when the finishes
were close; and with him it was always
in regard to heat or Face winners, "How
are they bred?"
Though he owned at times all of the
past kings and queens of the trotting
turf, he had conscientious scruples
against racing them. At most they only
appeared at rare intervals for exhibi
tion purposes, without ft* or reward of
any kind.
From a horseman's standpoint, however,
Mr, Bonner stood forth prominently as
the pioneer of amateur road driving as
a healthful recreation. Long before the
days of Commodore Vanderbilt and the
sealskin brigade, and years before the
civil war, Mr. Bonner was driving his
first pair, Lantern and Light, up Third
avenue, then a plain road, Innocent of ele
vated railroads and unshackled of the
cable lines.
He believed and lived tip to the belief
that the best horse that blood and train
ing could produce for the trotting track
was not too good for a gentleman to drlva
on the road. His theory was that If a
horse that could trot in three minutes was
desirable, then a 2:30 horse was even more
THE SUNDAY CALL.
other chain of mountains, not so lofty a*
the Cocopahs, but more broken. Not a
bit of vegetation may be seen for over
a hundred miles around. The very moun
tains look blasted and spectral. To the
east is still another ragged ribbon of
rocks jutting out sharply against the
horizon. In this rock-hemmed basin are
active and dead volcanoes, spouting gey
sers, boiling springs, a lake of some black,
sticky substance resembling Ink, craters
that blow out only dry ashes, others that
send forth stones and gravel, and still
others that belch liquid and blazing
streams of mud. There are other holes
which emit only lazy puffs of smoke or
steam, while from all Issues a pungent
so, and It was this Idea, carried to its
logical conclusion, that Induced Mr. Bon
ner to successively buy the champion
kings and queens of the harness turf.
For three or four years previous to his
purchase of Dexter Mr. Bonner took his
dally spin behind Flatbush Mala and Lady
Palmer, two mares that he had made a
splendid road team of by sympathetic
treatment and studying their peculiarities.
This bond of sympathy between Mr. Bon
ner and. every horse that he orove was a
notable feature. Even Dexter, the in
tractable, the horse that was going to run
awny and kick everything to smithereens
and bo on, was subdued by It.
It was in 1567 when Dexter was pur
chased for $36,000. The gelding had been
in Budd Doble's charge. Doble, when he
heard of the sale, said:
"I'll have him back again In three
weeks. Mr. Bonner can't dnr* that horse
on the road."
But Mr. Bonner did drive Dexter, and
made a most pleasant roao horse of him.
Six weeks after Doble's remark be went
to Mr. Bonner and asked to borrow the
bridle with which tha latter was driving
Dexter every fine afternoon in central
Park. Said Mr. Bonner:
■>Tou can see the bridle, Mr. Dobie, and
have It If you wish; but It la not the bridle
or bit; It's what la behind all that—*, feel
ing of sympathy between tn« horse and
the man."
Some time later. In 1*69, after Dexter
had lowered the trotting record to 2:17%,
Mr. Bonner offered $100,000 for any trotter
that could equal or surpass that time. The
offer was made on October 14, arid held
cdor of brimstone. Stranrely In contrast
with this area of fire and destruction there
are numerous springs of clear, sparkling
cold water, exquisitely grateful to the pal
ate parched by the heat and the sulphur
ous fumes. What is more peculiar Is that
the Springs of cold water are often found
In proximity to the hot springs and
separated from them only by a few yards.
This Is a land that has never been trav
ersed. Human beings have tried It, but
they never return to tell of their experi
ences or of their discoveries. Little heaps
of bleaching bones can be seen scattered
about here and there over the lava-strewn
surface of the ground. Bones of animals
also lie about, telling tha story of the
fatal wanderings of animals. It Is a dan
good until the end of the trotting season,
but no challenger appeared.
A year or two ago. In his last published
Interview on his reminiscences of the
trotters, Budd Doble said that it was his
firm belief that had Dexter had the ad
vantages of the bicycle sulky and the
modern Improved tracks he could have
come very close to the best record of
to-day.
Every one who knew Mr. Bonnw knew
what a stickler he was for the fact that
the 2:0S a 4 made by Maud S was the cham
pion record. It was made to an old fash
ioned high wheeled Bulky, and though of
late years many horses with faster rec
ords than Maud S have tried to beat it
to a pair of high wheels, all have failed.
Mr. Bonner rarely bought a horse at a
public sale, thcugh, strangely enough, the
last purchase he made was from & sale
at Madison Square Garden. This was
when he bought Praytell, by JLxtell, for
$5100.
Mr. Bonner made a profound study of
the anatomy of the horse's foot, and
many is the mixed, rough galted one that
he has converted into a straight going,
pure gaited trotter.
Following is the list of the horses
bought and driven by Mr. Bonner in the
forty years since b« took to the pleas
ures of the road:
Tear of
Name — purchase. Price.
Lantern and Light (team) 1859 $9,000
Flatbush Maid IS6I 6,600
Lady Palmer ISBO 5,000
Peerless 1860 6.500
Lady Woodruff IS6I 3.000
Focahontaa .' 1564 40.000
arerou* spot in many ways. A midden trp
heaval of molten earth, a huge rock shot
up as from a ■ catapult, or a shower of
scalding water — each or all of them may
overtake the unwary traveler and for
ever stop his progress. But these are not
the greatest dangers, for Invariably any
upheaval or violent convulsion of these
forces of nature la heralded by a sullen
roar and rumbling noises that shake the
earth and give one ample warning to get
away. The greatest danger is from the
suffocating clouds of deadly fumes that
perpetually hang over this region and
sometimes Insidiously steal down and
overwhelm the traveler, or which some
sudden gust of wind may drive down with
the same fatal results. For this reason it
la dangerous to venture far from the edge
of the basin, and even then puffs of
the** death-dealing clouds '. may swoop
down upon one. The only thing to do In
such an emergency is to run for It and
get as far as possible from the place.
Several times members of the recent ex
pedition among the volcanoes were sud
denly overcome by the poisoned atmos
phere, and their lives were possibly saved
by their dropping prostrate on the ground;
but still enough of the poisonous vapors
were inhaled to cause a feeling of sick
ness and nausea that did not wear off for
several hours.
The scene Is one of violent contrasts
of glaring whites and dead blacks. Some
parts of the valley are wastes of hot
aand, drawn In places into high mounds
by the whirling blast* that sweep down
Auburn Hor»« 1886 13 000
Dexter 1867 35.000
Bruno 1868 1 -
Joe Elliott 1569 10,000
Mamie B 1869 25
Startle 1870 20 000
Edward Everett IS7Q 20,000
Manibrlno Bert'.s IS7I 10 000
Ada Duroc IS7I 2iooo
Lady Ptout 1574 16 000
Prince Imperial 187 i 5 000
Grafton 1875 15 "00
Molsey 1875 6 000
Music 1575 8 500
Welles-ley Boy 1875 12 000
Walton 1576 3 000
Malice and Manetta (team) 1576 2,000
Eric IS7B 4,000
John Taylor 1>76 86 000
May Bird 1577 9,500
Maud Macey 1577 10,000
Centennial 1877 3,000
Lucy Cuyler 1577 3,000
Edwin Forrest 1577 16 000
Rarus 1879 36.000
Conroy MBBO 4,000
Richard 18S0 6,000
Daisy Darlini 1830 4,000
N'utbourne ISSI 7,000
Escort .. v 18S2 j.OOO
Halcyon 1882 4,000
Keene Jim ISB2 4,000
Russella ISS3 8,000
Maud S ISS4 40 000
Sunol 18S3 41.000
Ansel IS9O 8,000
Praytell 1^99 5.100
Nothing haa yet been definitely decided
as to the Bonner stock farm at Tarry
town, N. V., the home of Ansel, Startle
and other stallions and some thjrty-flve
or forty mares. The recent death of A.
A. Bonner removed the only one of Mr.
Bonner's sons of pronounced sentiments
as to horse breeding. Though the other
sons are skilled reinsmen, friends who
speak with some little authority think it
Improbable that the Tarrytown farm,
founded some quarter of a century since,
will be continued.
the canyons of the mountains that wall
this valley of desolation. There, too, Is
the curious "self-rising earth." As far
as the eye can see it appears in curving
outline, up and down, as if puffed up by
a natural yeast. The unfortunate crea
ture who steps upon the little hills will
crash through, for they are not much
more than fragile crusts. Beneath is a
Bwamp of thin, slimy, salt mud of un
measurable depth. Still stranger is that
section of the valley which, for want of
a better name, is called "salt earth." In
numerable pinnacles, tapering to points
as fine as needles and over a foot long,
rise in close array from the ground.
These are as hard as stone and as dan
gerous as sharpened steel.
This land is a desolate waste of Inan
imate mineral objects. The volcanoes
have symmetrical, sloping sides, and each
has the same distinguishing characteris
tic — a crater. Some are dead, their flrea
having been extinct for ages, and many
of these are nearly filled with ashes or
solid masses of lava which have cooled.
One of these extinct craters, near the
edge of the basin, is on a mound whose
apex is about twenty feet above the sur
rounding level. This mound is one of the
largest In the region, and its base covers
two or more acres. The crater is fully
seventy feet across and la filled with
water so clear that one can see the sides
of the crater for many feet below the
surface; but farther out this little ele
vated lake Is practically bottomless. A
line with a sinker attached fell 300 feet
and did not touch the bottom. One never
sees a bird there. Xot even a bug has
been known to venture Into this valley
of death. As for trees or vegetation of
any kind, there Is none. Even the cactus,
that friend of the desert, cannot find root
here. At the springs of cold water not
a blade of grass or a tuft of moss find*
life.
A very Interesting object In this land
is a huge volcano that Is on the outskirts
of the valley proper, and therefore easy
to study. It is fifty feet high and haa a
circumference of BtX) feet at the base. It
»3 an active volcano and la the largest
elevation in sight, though there may be
bigger ones farther in the Interior never
discovered by man; but a circuit made
entirely around the edges of the basin
has failed to find its equal in size or any
thing even approaching it. It ia an ac
commodating monster. It has regular pe
riods of unrest, and whenever it warns
to apit fire or vomit rocks and molten
mud it gives notice of its intentions by
peculiar roar before which all other
lounds become stilled. It groans as if
With a mighty pain, and If one should
thance to be standing on the edge of the
crater and preserve his balance lonjf
•nough to take a good look inside h«
tvould see masses of molten matter far
down begin to heave and boil and aurge
up and down with convulsive moves.
That ia an opportune moment to de
part. In a quarter of an hour the bub
bling, seething, rumbling caldron within
has risen to the level of the crater and
its streaming red-hot contents are pour
ing over the sides, while with an increas
ed thunder and splurging noise llttla col
umns of lava spout up into the air and
lumps of mud and stones are thrown oat
and shot far away. These convulsions
last only a few minutes, and then tha
old fellow takes a rest for a period vary
ing from thirty-six to seventy-two houra.
It takes twenty-four hours, however, for
the ejected matter to cool sufficiently to
permit one to approach the crater. What
this volcano does is repeated on a small
er scale by all the other active volcanoes,
and as they are countless in number, it
follows that the din of eruption ia con
tinuous and well-nigh deafening. The air
is always murky with smoke and steam,
and cinders and particles of dirt and
ashes drop so Incessantly that one is cov
ered with dark yellow dust in a very few
moments.
Perhaps the greatest curiosity in thl3
uncanny land by the Colorado River Is
what the naturalists In California call
a lake of ink. Scientific journals have dis
cussed time and again what this lake of
ink really is. It is a great pool of a black
writing ink, more than anything else. It
is situated about half a mile from tha
large volcano just described, and lies flush
with the ground. It is about an aert in
area. The surface of the lake is coated
with gray ashes from the volcanoes to the
thickness of about half a foot, and the
explorer in those parts who is not look
ing out for this freak of nature would
he very apt to walk into it. The Indiana
have a score of horrible .legends about
bad red men who have gone down to
frightful deaths beneath the ashes. Sur
veyors have found that the lake is some
300 yards deep in some places, and no bot
tom can be found in others. There is
nothing but theory as to the source of
the supply for the lake, but no one seems
to kn-jw the component parts of the acre
of black fluid. The Indians say it is com
posed of the blood of bad Indians, who are
Buffering in their hrll amid the volcanoes.
Samples of the lake have been brought
to luma and Los Angeles for tests and
examination. It has been found good for
common marking purposes. Cotton goods
that have been soaked with the strange
black fluid keep their color for months,
even when exposed to the sun, and tha
goods have a stiffness that is somewhat
like weak starch. A gallon of the lake fluid
was sent to the Smithsonian Institution at
Washington the other day for analysis.
There is a lake of a somewhat similar
fluid in Nicaragua, and it is close beside
a group of ancient volcanoes. The black
fluid of Nicaragua is a deadly poison. It
has never been satisfactorily analyzed.Here Is the Most Stunnig Woman of Our Local
Theatres.
\sPDTS, in your box or your gallery Beat, think her lovely,
V n <> doubt. But let me tell you, you don't know half.
It Is the most gorgeous of clgar-poeter loveliness that
you Bee. betighted and bespangled and all art. But be
hind the scenes— a wholesome, whole-souled British woman,
k» unaffected and sympathetic a.i success rarely makes,
■n't so easy to be a success gracefully. Try and se«.
'11l tell you girls what sha received me In, and the men
can skip It if they like- Black silk shirt and a dream of a
camisole In cerise taffeta and white lace. Box pleats front
and back, low round throat. Now we are through, gentlemen.
It is only four years ago, as mademoiselle reckons, that she
really began to live. She had sung always -began on a con
cert stage at eight years oid— but It had been the laborious
and poorly paid competition of a low ladder-round for many
.ears. Concerts, always concerts. No ovations. And then
vi! nf n sudden she chancr-d upon an engagement to play a
prince In a London pantomime. A hoy's part had never en
tered her head before, but Mile. Alexandra Dagmar was not
the woman to throw away a Drury Lanu chance. So she did
it. Bla-'k tights and short black velvet coat, Bhe describes
londly. I crm see her, can't you? Well, her cue came and
eh« entered with a dash and sang out, "Right heartily I g;*:et
ye, my merry men!" There was an instant, she says, and
then the hoiiEe burst forth In delight, and she knew that she
hod won at last.
She glowed as bhe told It. She forgot the cold cream and
the pencil she had been using, and it took a snarl from the
Jealous black cat to bring her back. Four years is too short
a time to dim the rosy remembrance of that first glory, and
I doubt If many more years can do so in the face of that
vigorous enthusiasm.
"But I didn't know how much I had won until next day's
papers came," she continued. "They praised — how they
praised!— and even Clement Scott. Think of it! Ho said
there was no one worth noticing in the piece except Mile.
Alexandra Dagmar, who was a princely prince and a new
star risen. That praise from Mr. Scott did more for me than
any other words ever did. It helped me to the success j have
reached since."
The black cat and I exchanged confidences, for she had
forgotten us.
San Francisco delights her, and sho has something new to
Bay about it. It Is exactly like Berlin. Now did you ever
hear that before? I never did. It lv the New York of the
Went or the Paris of America: but Berlin, never, Still; I
rather liked It, and she moans us to. "No wonder your people
>rs loyal. It Is dslioloua. Thin why, I can't •loop later
than half past 7; I must be up and about. Coming from my
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
home In England— so warm— this air makes me feel — oh, It
makes me feel 1"
She was not explicit, but I knew. Champagne!
Mile. Dagmar calls herself an English woman, and It la
in London that she has spent the greater part of her life; al
though her father was a Russian and sho knows the Con
tinent well. A brother of hers lives in San Jose, and, shs
confesses more mischievously than repentantly, will not come
to see her in punishment for her dragging the family reputa
tion upon a vaudeville stage. I Judge she would rather relln
aulsh the San Jose brother than the stape. For she loves the
life. It is simply coining money, she says. A few minutes*
work every evening, and there you are. And the money. Be
fore the hit was made, managers would look dubious and (a
shrug Imported from the Continent). But afterward—man
agers flocked, and it was Joy to say that one didn't care
much about going to this theater or that, but— oh, well. If
they urged— well, for a few hundred more one might be In
duced.
Mile. Dag-mar has sung in all our large cities, from Koster
& Blal's on one coast to the Orpheum on the other. But she
returns to England this fall. '"Tho»» pantomimes In London
are charming because the management thinks nothing of put
tint? a $srn) dress on you," she says. "But then, the audiences
in America I like, and the money! I love the money. The
only thing that makes life hard here ia the photographer.
Tl n hours to-day and six yesterday. The proofs are here,"
tumbling rouge, jewels, plumes In a heap to find them. She
handed them out one at a time, and saved the serpent cos
tume for a climax. 'There," the exclaimed, as she triumph
antly produced it, "isn't that be-eautiful?"
It was delicious, thnt exclamation. She was a lov«r of)
betuittfu] things looking upon o beautiful thing. And she ad
mired it. There is a frank bigness of mind about nor that
can't be imitated.
"Whai ere you jrolng to do with all the money?" I aaked.
"Keep on accumulating It as long as the people will hav^
me," she replied. "Ami the people grow kinder every year.
Especially in England." (Aren't you ashamed? I am.) "Thora
they grow more and more loyal, while here we never know
how long our fad will last But some time I Buppose the «nd
will come even in England, and then," demurely, "I shall
j.robably use my money to buy a. farm and aettle down wltl^
my husband."
Daginar on a farm! Ye gods! Call up a vision of her nunt
ing eggs in the barn or shouldering a milking stool for A
constitutional. Perhaps the safest way out of the embaxru»~
nient is to believe what seema the only possibility alter «IV
that her old ace is a thing never to be.
CRESfiIK CBJUfOJkXJ
3132
THE SUNDAY CALL.
AMONG
THE CAMPERS.