VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 80.
BOERS MAY NOW
PRECIPITATE WAR
Such Opinion Expressed by Ad
miral Howison in a Report
on the Transvaal.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
rALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, Aug. IS.— ln a report re
\^4 ceived at the Navy Department
from Rear Admiral Howison,
thai officer describes the tension exist-
Ing between the Transvaal and Great
Britain and his report indicates that
war may be precipitated by the hot
hesdedness of the Boers.
Though Rear Admiral Howison was
not sent to the Transvaal upon any
diplomatic mission he went to that
country when the Chicago arrived at
Pelagoa Ray last month and joined the
Phip at Cape Town, after having made
a careful study of the conditions pre
vailing in sections through which he
passed. Because cf the important
recommendations made by the rear ad
miral and his statements respecting
the conditions of the itlanders, the
authorities are disinclined to make his
report public. It would not be surpris
ing in the event of war if the British
Government requested the United
States to take care of its interests in
the Transvaal and a ship from the
South Atlantic station will undoubtedly
be sent to Delagoa Bay to look out for
American interests.
According to Rear Admiral Howison
there can only be one result of a war
between Great Britain and the South
African republic — the absorption of the
latter country. The Boers are deter
mined, however, to fight for their inde
oendence. They migrated years ago to
.heir present homes in order to escape
foreign domination and.they are de
:erinined to maintain their Independ
nce or die in its defense. It is appar
el that Real Admiral Howison sympa
:hize? with th. Outlanders. as he says
hey pay five-sixths of the taxes and
•epreseht three-fifths of the wealth of
he country. There is no doubt, he
hinks. that th Boer Government is
cry favorably inclined toward Ameri
can citizens. But it cannot extend prlv
lepes to them not accorded to citizens
if other nations because of the appli
cation of the most favored nation
lause and the necessity of treating all
oreigners alike.
Rear Admiral Howison describes the |
irr-o «.-i fabulously rich, and devotes!
. portion of report t<> the onar&c- ;
<-ristics of the Boers. He says they
ire very superstitious, and mentions
he declination of the Volksraad to pass |
i bill for ridding the country of the j
rrasshopper scourge and for overeom
ng the effects of drought, the reason '<
;!ven being that it would be unwise to |
ittempt to thwart the will of Provi
lence.
It is apparent from reading the rear
idmlral's report that be believes the
3o^rs have put themselves in as good
-ondition of readiness as possible, but
t is evident he sees but one outcome
o a war — their subjugation.
BOERS VERY ANXIOUS
TO GET THE ARMS
PRETORIA. Aug. Is;.-The1 s ;. -The Govern
ment has received no reply to its .li.-
--m the authoritiea at Lourerito
rtfing thf> =t.->ppaK<= of a
gnment of stores now in Delaeoa
:
The Vniksraftd to-day continued the
.-.•ion "f Th^ dynamite monopoly,
,hr. .i^Viate heine carried "n until th.
hour of adjournment.
LOURENTO MARQUES. Delnßoa
Bay, A is. 18.— The Government of
Is making strenuous ef
torts 'l f3 'he local Portus
authorities :■■ permit the* passage of
arms ar.d an. munition.
President Kruger has i" r rs..nally
wired a reques' to that effect. BtatinK
a modus Vivendi with Knglnnd is
assured.
Two tho\isand '-■ ses of arms :ir<- due
tM arrive here to-morrow on the Gpr
man steamer Koenip from Hamburg.
July r..
MURDERER OF DAVIS
IS FINALLY LOCATED
Now Serving a Term in Folsom
Prison for Grand
Larceny.
BAKBRSFIELD, Auk. 18.—Consider
able was caused h°rf> to
day by the announcement of the
tnrr- of the murd^rpr of John C. Davis,
who was shot and killed here oi the
■ October l«, LBB7. Davis n-as
on his way hnni? with a friend. l*he
frk-nd l^ft him at his house and had
Elmwood, Cape Flora, Franz Josef Land, Headquarters of the j
Jackson Expedition, Near Which the Wellman Party Landed.
LIPTON`S YACHT HAS
REACHED NEW YORK
only g"t inside the door when ho heard
a pistol shot He thought it wa? Davis
shooting a dog- and paid no attention
to it Davis 1 body was found subse
ntly with the pockets rifled. Wil-
I "am Ral r SI ickton was arrested
for i ho crime, hut was dismissed on ex
ation.
Suspicion rr?ti"j on two Mexicans
named Barragon and Duarte. who wero
traced over the State. They finally
i I irse and buggy in San Diego.
drove north and were arrested in
Fresno. Barrapon pot ten years for
grand larceny. Duarte escaped and has
living with a country sheepherder.
■vas finally arrested for theft two
ths ago and was put in Hanford
jail, where he made a confession
-■p.ing the crime on Barraeon
Sheriff Borgwardt has gone to San
Francisco for Barraßon. wh i Is In
Folsom Prison. The Sheriff is pure he
has the ripht man. but withholds the
si ■ es of corrob iration for fear
of disclosing the plans of the prosecu
tion. Davis, who was murdered, was a
j well-known citizen and not known to
have an enemy.
NO SPECIAL TRAIN FOR
NEBRASKA VOLUNTEERS
Governor Poynter Was Unable to Se
cure Sufficient Money and Aban
doned the Project.
OMAHA. Aug. IS.— Governor Poynter
to-day abandoned the project of pro
viding a special train for the First Ne
braska regiment and the disbanded vol
unteers will be forced to use the travel
ing allowance granted by the Govern
ment. Over 515.000 had been pledged
by private subscription, leaving $20,000
still to be raised.
The Governor issued a proclamation.
in which he states that he resorted to
every possible measure to secure the
funds without result. Bankers and
other wealthy men of Omaha and Lin
coln were appealed to, he says, to ad
vance the money on his promise to call
upon the Legislature for a return of
principal and interest. Following their
refusal the railroads were appealed to
to return the soldiers and accept a
■laim against the State. This request
was denied by the different lines and
the project was abandoned.
The proclamation ends with an ex
pression of regret that Nebraska has
railed to accord to its vqluijteexs^tha
*ame practical honors given- by Other
States. The railroads are arraigned for
indifference to the' interests o.f Ne
braska and for lack of practical pa
triotism.
PRESIDENT REVIEWS THE
TWENTY-SIXTH REGIMENT
Just Before the Parade Mrs. McKin
ley Presented the Regiment
With a Silk Flag.
PLATTSBURG. N. V.. Aug. 18.—
Promptly at 4 o'clock this afternoon
the cannon on the parade ground at
Plattsburg Barracks boomed out a
Presidential salute, signifying that
President McKinley had arrived at the
Government fortifications, where he
was to review the Twenty-sixth Regi
ment. The Presidential party drove
over from Hotel ('hamplain and pro
ceeded directly to the reviewing stand.
In the party were President and Mrs!
McKinley, Vice President and Mrs.
Hobart . and son. Attorney General
Griggs and Mrs. Griggs and their two
daughters and Secretary of the Inte
rior Hitchcock.
Mrs. McKinley presented a handsome
silk flag to the regiment. Colonel Rice
received It in behalf of his men. The
flag was then given to the color ser
geant of the company, who bore it back
to his place in the ranks. Then the en
tire regiment, headed by the regimental
band, passed in review before the Pres
ident. President McKinley' spoke in the
highest terms of the soldiers. The regi
ment will leave for Manila in about
two weeks.
After the review the members of the
Presidential party were entertained at
lunch by Colonel and Mrs. Rice. The
remainder of the day was spent rather
quietly by the President, as the
weather was decidedly warm.
•
INDIAN ARRESTED FOR
MURDER OF VEITINGER
Sheriff Jennings Claims He Has Suf
ficient Circumstantial Evidence
to Convict Him.
SAN DTEGO. Aug. IS.— Sheriff Jen
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1599.
LIPTON'S YACHT HAS
REACHED NEW YORK
Rapid Trip Across the Atlantic of the
■ Shamrock, Challenger for the
America's Cup.
LIPTON'S YACHT SHAMROCK AND TENDER ERIN.
NESW YORK. Aug. 18.—With Sir
Thomas Upton's private signal,
a shamrock on a gold ground,
bordered by a broad band of
green, at her topmast truck and
the British naval reserve ensign at her
jigger masthead, the hull of the chal
; lenging yacht Shamrock, swinging at
1 anchor to the ebb tide off Tompklns
j vllle this morning bore a striking re
i semblance to that of the Columbia. She j
;is painted a light green. If painted
; white it would be a difficult matter at
} a distance to distinguish the yachts by
! their hulls.
In her trip across the Atlantic the
| Shamrock carried a loose-footed main
sail of heavy canvas, having, besides
j_Lh£e£~£e,is of reef points, a "bonnet" In
the tooi of it. ,Her "jib stay sets up with
I a turnbuckle to the end of a bowsprit
j extending not more than four feet out
board. No gaff was carried on the jig
' ger mast, the sail being of the leg-of
-1 mutton type.
Straight as a reed and very strong'
is the Shamrock's mainmast. It is held
by three steel wire shrouds on each
side, set up with turnbuckles. A great
| deal of the green paint has been
j washed off the bows of the yacht where
i she pounded in the heavy swells, leav-
I ing her bronze plates bare and show
i ing the fine, smooth riveted work done
!by the builders. Besides a big lap
streak cutter, carried on a pair of brass
davits, the Shamrock carried two col
■ lapsible lifeboats on deck. Her long
tiller, with which she was steered, is
covered with canvas.
Conspicuous on -the yacht's deck
' amidships between the skylights and
: waterways are four large wood cleats,
secured by brass bolts. There are two
on each side, presumably one being
j used for belaying the main sheet and
I one for the staysail sheet. Two smaller
wooden cleats, forward of those named,
■ are for the jib sheets.
The deck itself is of steel, covered at
! present with tarred canvas. There are
fore and aft battens like those used on
the Columbia and the Defender to pre
nings, after. a great deal of investiga
tion, claims that he has the murderer
of Jacob J. Yeifinger in custody. Vei
! tinger was a German, 72 years old, who
I lived alone in a cabin in Lee Valley.
! thirty-five miles east of this city, and
I was found shot and burned to death in
the runins of his cabin on July 28.
A day or two following the discovery
of the tragedy an Indian named Chavez :
Kstudero was arrested on. suspicion,
having been seen in the vicinity of the
cabin on the day of the tragedy, but
♦ ♦♦♦♦■♦■♦♦♦•♦•♦♦♦♦♦•♦■-♦••*
♦ , ♦
♦ LONDON, Aug. IK. — Sir ♦
■♦■ Thomas Upton is naturally very ♦
♦ much delighted with the news ■•♦■
♦ that the Shamrock has arrived ♦
♦ safely in New York harbor, and ♦
♦ ' is also much pleased by the re- ♦
♦ poTts which have reached here ♦
♦ that his yacht met with such an •♦■
♦• enthusiastic welcome as she en- ♦
♦ tered the harbor. ♦
♦ When asked what he thought ♦
♦ about the Shamrock being towed ♦
♦ two thousand miles as reported ♦
■♦■ here, he replied that there was ♦
+ no advantage in towing except ♦
♦ in a dead calm, but it was, ■of ■♦
.♦- CQUrse, those on -\the>ntl»er~side— ♦
♦• now who- could tell most about it. .-4
--♦ Anyhow, it was great eatisfac- ; ♦
♦ tion to him to know that the ♦
♦ Shamrock was safe on the other ♦
♦ side and that she had received ♦
♦ such a kindly welcome. ♦
♦ .-.'•-_♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
j
vent the crew from sliding overboard
during a race.
The crew are a sturdy looking lot of
Scotch and English men. They wore
blue jerseys, bearing on the breast the
words "Shamrock, R. U. Y. C." The
same words appear on the yacht's
stern.
The steam yacht Erin flies, besides
Sir Thomas Upton's private signal, the
colors. of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club.'
The Shamrock reached port this
morning, accompanied by her tender,
the steam yacht Erin. The Shamrock
sailed from Fairlie, on the Clyde., Au
gust 3. and made the trans-Atlantic
voyage In much quicker time than was
anticipated.
The Erin towed the Shamrock about
2000 miles and the latter sailed some
thing more than 1200 miles. Her best
day's run under canvas was 26S knots.
Most of the towing was done after
passing the Azores, August 19. At
quarantine the yachts were promptly
cleared.
the authorities held no strong evidence
against the Indian beyond the fact that
he was believed to have had a gun.
which he had mysteriously disposed of
in some manner when he was arrested.
It has since been learned that Estu
dero, on the day following the murder
of Veitinger, attempted to steal a young
squaw at El Cajon, not far from Vei
tinger's place, and became involved in
a row with another Indian who de
fended the squaw. In the trouble the
woman's protector secured possession
of the gun which Estudero attempted
to use, and this has since come into
possession of Sheriff Jennings, along
with much other evidence which al
most conclusively fixed the crime upon
Estudero. ■
The gun is believed to be the weapon
formerly owned by the murdered Ger
man,' and which could not be found In
the ruins of the burned cabin. In the
effort to find this gun a deputy sheriff
was compelled to travel hundreds of
miles over the mountains of Lower
California in a search for the Indian
who took it from Estudero. The dep
uty also brought back information that
will be of great assistance to the au
thorities. . Sheriff. Jennings claims
that stronger circumstantial evidence
against Estudero would be hard to
find.
CRAMPS THREATENED
WITH A BIG STRIKE
Recent Wholesale Discharges Have
Caused the United Machinists
to Take Action.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. IS.— A secret
meeting of the machinists employed at
Cramps' ship-building yards was held
to-night. Frederick Kunzelman, an
official of the local Machinists' Asso
tion, and formerly employed at
Cramps', stated that the recent whole
sale discharges •at the ship yards were
made for the purpose of intimidating
the men. Recently 500 employes were
discharged from the various depart
ments in the yard, and it was intimated
that many more would, follow. The
reason given by the firm was the scar
city of structural,* "on. Mr. . Kunzel
man asserts that ihe machinists are
not affected by this shortage and that
there is enough work to keep them busy
for two years. He says | further ,.-. that
the . employes • were preparing to de
mand a nine-hour das and, thAt - the
After the yachts had anchored in the
unpei" bay Captain Archie Hogarth of
the Shamrock said:
"The Shamrock behaved beautifully.
I am more than satisfied with her. In
fact, I am delighted, because my most
sanguine anticipations have been more
than realized. But I will say this, that,
gleeful as I am with thf behavior of
the boat, I was more surprised with
the generous reception which she got
from the time we were abreast of
Sandy Hook."
Dr. Mackay of Edinburgh, who was
aboard the Erin, acted as spokesman
for Captain Matthews, who was busily
engaged looking after the routine work
on the Erin. The doctor expressed him
self ja6 being delighted with the trip
over, and said that no incident of any
moment occurred during the entire trip.
He said both boats, with th*=> Shamrock
in the lead, left Fairlie at 5:45 p. m.,
August 3. Favorable winds prevailed
and the Shamrock went past the Isle
of Man with all sails set. Up to Tues
day, the Bth, moderate seas prevailed,
but then heavy weather set in, ac
companied by a fog in which the Erin
lost sight of the Shamrock. Heavy seas
swept over the decks of the Erin and
the Shamrock was equally deluged. On
the morning <>f the Oth the Erin picked
up the Shamrock and Captain
Matthews figured that th^y were then
226 miles fr"om Corvo, in the Azores.
Pleasant weather followed. On the
11th a dead calm was experienced, fol
lowed by head winds. The Erin then
took the Shamrock in tow, and during
the 12th and 13th and part of the 14th
Bhe towed the sloop, on which all sails
were up. A slight breeze from the
north northeast continued until the
lath. On the 16th a heavy swell made
both boats rock, but their speed was
not impaired. On the following day
several steamers were signaled. At 7
o'clock the pilots hoarded the two
yachts and brought them into port.
Sir Thomas Upton is exrected here
on the Campania, which will sail from
Queenstown nine days hence.
j firm caused the discharges in order to
i forestall this movement. Another meet
! ing of the machinists will be held next
! Wednesday, and M>. Kunzelman is au
: thority f->r the statement that if 500
machinists agree to strike the entire
4000 employes now at work will go out
as a protest against the action of thr
Cramps in making the discharges.
MINE OWNERS SOLVE
THE LABOR PROBLEM
An Advertisement for Men r\t Good
Wages Brings a Host of Ap
plicants.
REDDING. Aug. 18.— A San Francisco
company that recently acquired and Is
now operating: the Bergin placer mine in
Trinity County hap found a solution of the
scarcity of labor question.
A week ago the company placed an or
| der in Redding for fifty laborers at $2 a
: day and board. Six men werr immediate
ly sent to Trinity County, but before they
could reach their destination the company
had already secured the required number
and was turning away other applicants.
As soon as the wage scale was advertised
here applications poured in thick and fast.
Word was received to-day thai all the
men needed were secured and others need
not apply.
NEW RAILWAY.
Will Run From Williams, Ariz., to
Grand Canyon.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. IS.— The statement
was made at the Santa Fe Railway head
quarters here to-day that a new company
cailed the Santa Fe and Grand Canyon
Railway Company has already begun tho
construction of a railway sixty-live miles
In length from Williams, Ariz., to the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado.
Active operations have been going on
for twenty days, and twelve miles of road
built from Williams are graded. The com
pany is financed by Lombard, Good & Co.
of New York.
Claims a Miser's Estate.
; LOS ANGELES, Aug. 18.— A woman
giving the name of Mrs. L. Kinsella,
who has worked her way here from
Syracuse, ,N. V., consuming three
months in the effort, lays claim to the
estate of Joseph Blow, a recluse, who
was killed^ by a switch engine in this
city several months ago. About $2500
in ■ gold was found under his cabin in
the river bottoms after he was killed.
1 Tile woman rlatma him, mm ,hag hrnthar...
STRENGTHENS THE
DREYFUS DEFENSE
Colonel Picquart Confronts Gen
erals in His Testimony Before
Court-Martial
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Pros.
RENNES, Aug. 19. — The trial of Dreyfus was resumed this morning
at 6:30 o'clock, no special incidents marking the opening of the proceed
ings.
The first witness was Captain Guignet, an aid de camp at the Min
istry of War, who was commissioned by General Gonse last year to
classify and arrange the different documents connected with the Drey
fus. Esterhazy and Picquart affairs.
Captain Guignet declared that he was convinced of the guilt of the
accused.
RENNES, August 18.— A severe
blow to the military sot it was
when the Schneider dispatch
was made known at 5 o'clock
this morning in the refectories
and the hotels. It was a source of ju
bilation to the other side.
General Mercier had greatly empha
sized its importance when giving his
I testimony. His manner was victorious
'as he handed the alleged letter -if
Colonel Schneider to the president of
the court-martial, to be added to and
filed with the other papers connected
with the trial. These generals at
Rennes have no standing counsel to ad
vise them. They show forensic ability
in making speeches when they ought to
be giving evidence, but they lack law
yer-like prudence and legal practice.
Many an advocate would have felt
how risky it was to dwell on such a
I document as an intercepted letter from
a military attache, especially in view of
the forgeries with which the secret
dossiers teemed. After all that has
i transpired about the letters of military
; attaches to each other in 1994. the at
! taches in self-defense wore bound to
1 discredit everything in the secret dos
'. siers. These letters were supported by
police reports. Were they published
the world woujld read them aghast. As
■ at least Il'T persons in all must hava
Been them, the authors, real or alleged,
would find themselves on the defensive.
But these considerations never present
ed themselves to General Mercier's
mind. That he believed in the authen-
tieity of his document and pinned his
. faith to it is now laughed at every
where. His best friends call him a
, donkey, and his enemies rejoice.
Colonel Panizzardi trumps Colonel
I Schneider's denial of his alleged letter
! by writing and branding as a forgery
I the report that General Roget said he
(Panizzardi) wrote to the late Signor
Rossmann, the Italian Embassador.
regarding the relations of Colonel
Schwarzkoppen with Dreyfus.
Colonel Schneider sends his contra
| diction t<> the Figaro' fr<>m Ems, ami
' Colonel Panizzardi mak^s use of that
i paper in telegraphing from Rome to
] give the lie to the whole of Roget's
I statement so far as it dealt with the al
| leged report to Rossmann. The Figaro
| at once telegraphed both communica"
--] tions to Rome, where they were posted
in the hotels for the edification of the
patrons.
The Austrian and Italian embassies
; attest the genuineness of the Schneider
! and Panizzardi dispatches. Mercier
I feels that he has thrown the fat into
'• the fire, and he looked depressed and
, out of- countenance to-day. So did
Roget, who is a stronger man, notwith
standing the tears he shed at the close
of his deposition yesterday. They both
were tired and pale throughout the
tiresome humiliation.
Colonel Picquart was again a witness.
He was allowed to sit in an armchair.
| with which the generals had been suo
j cessively accommodated. Picquart's
\ figure is younger than his face. His
voice is pleasant. His diction is good.
the emphasis never too emphatic and
PRICE Fl\ E CENTS.
gives the impression 'if one who goes in
for the sober and unadorned. His face
is strange, but not unpleasing-. Thn
aquiline nose is far too long. Th?
eyes are blue and of poetic expression.
but the heavy, drooping lids give them
a triangular shape. The prevailing ex
pression of his countenance is sad.
Still it sh^ws mental serenity. His de
fects are diffuseness, too great facility
and a drawn-out style. He does not
force his conviction in swift, strong
Hashes. He is not graphic and never
goes direct to the root of the matter.
But he is not tedious. The beautiful
voice saves him from that. It makes
the listener patiently follow him
through the mazes of argument, deduc
tion and demonstration. His arrange
ment of arguments is cumulative.
The presiding judge rubbed him often
against the grain and often begged him
not to be diffuse, not to speak so
much about his own concerns, but to
keep to the Dreyfus affair. Picquart
respectfully accepted these reproofs.
Baying he only spoke of his own con
cerns in order to vindicate his char
acter and t<> prove himself a creditable
witness. H» spent two hours yesterday
and four to-day in giving evidence ar.<l
remaining guardian angel of Dreyfus,
standing between him and the im
plac«h;o onemies who sit on the front
seat of the witnesses.
In this row are (Jenerals Mercier and
Roget, and many field officers who are
still unheard. How bitterly and
hatingly they eyed Picquart to-day.
General Billot, however, did not ap
parently share in their ferocious feel
ings. He seemed unruffled by Pic
quart's statements. Billot was on the
staff of Bazaine in Mexico and escaped
from Metz. H<? is a born politician,
and is always guided by the instinct of
self-preservation. But he is not a bad
man. He took from Metz to Tures in
1870 a commission as colonel which
Marshal Bazaine had signed, showed
it to Gambetta and then tore it up.
Gambetta at once confirmed it. and
thfn promoted him bjgher. He is a type
of the old red. red sergeant one might
see playing- cards in a provincial cafe
with a pipe and a .class of absinthe.
Those who do not know his history aiv
, amazed to think he was thrice a Mm;
-; ister of War and is a life Senator.
The Dreyfusites greatly fear for Pic-
I quart's life. The stalwarts among
1 them now guard him. He looks a man
with an unpropitious star, and he has
always been unlucky, unless in havinpr
'■ that 'peace of soul that passeth under
standing. EMILY CRAWFORD.
COLONEL PICQUART
IN DREYFUS' DEFENSE
Interesting Testimony Given by the
Former Chief of the Intelligence
Department.
RENNES. Aug. 18.— When the second
■ trial by court-martial of Captain Al
; fred Dreyfus, charged with treason,
| was resumed in the Lycee at 7:25 this
; morning Colonel Picquart, former chief
Lfi£ J&e intelligence department pf the2
MAY BUILD A ROAD
THROUGH FRUIT BELT
Agents of the Santa Fe Collecting Statis
tics Regarding Shipments and
Rights of Way.
SUISUN, Aug. 18. — A report is being circulated here to the effect
that the Santa Pc Railroad Company has been making Inquiries here
relative to the shipments made annually from the fruit belt commencing
from Winters and vicinity and covering the orchard lands to Sulsun,
with a view of building a railroad through the section named. If carried
out it is probable the road will be extended to CollinsviHe, where the
Santa I'- owns ljuu feet of water front. From this point it is surmised
that ft ferryboat will be run to Antioch to connect with the Santa Fe
branch in Contra Costa County. It is stated that in the near future the
plans of the projectors will be made known ar.d Investigations made as
to Indui ■ garding rights of way.
war onice, was called to tne witness,
stand and continued his deposition
which was int.-; nipt.-, i yesterday by
the adjournment of court for the <.la>.
Colonel Picquart gave his testimony In
the same loud, fearless voice that char
acterized his manner yesterday. He j
began by d< ■ laring h< thought it neces
sary to Immediately reply to General
R get's veritable arraignment of him :
while on the stand. At the outset of
Colonel Plcquart's remarks Roget In
terposed and said h< would reply to
them. Continuing Colonel Picquart pro
i to discuss the secret dossier as
being the g of th> condemna- ;
tion of Dreyfus. He took up the docu
ments successively, referring to the j
writers ai . - - f the letter as]
A and B.
Among those present in court were !
Generals Zurlinden and Billot, former!
Ministers of War. Maitre Monard, who
argued the case in behalf of the Drey
fus family for the revision of the pris
oner's sentence before the Court of cr
eation, was present this morning to as- j
sist M. Demange of counsel for the de
fense. Fellow ing is the evidence in de- ;
tail:
Before resuming his deposition Colonel!
1 think it necessary to
Bay a few words with reference to the
verital for the prosecution deliv
ered by General Roget when referring to
the Quenelii ■ asi ."
president of tin • ourt, Colonel Jou
aust. I ■ sed, saying: "Is it a per
sonal matt' r?"  ,
"I shall i'> very lTief. colonel, replied
mon ovei . rt ady to reply
I he court may ask on the
subject. For the momeni I shall confine
myself to the following explanation: Ihe
111 case 'urn 3 bei ween May 20
and July 17, 596 = T ■■■• ■ ; period, on ac
count of a family L>< • > •m< nt, 1 was
able to pay very little attention to m;
dutie s. lii my absence Colonel H. n
ry acted for me. Moreover, I tie.
: t the month ol Jul; I
iff, which also ]■■>■-
i me from attending to my ordinary ,
I was thi r< for> able to g, v . only
very intermitter.i att< ntion to th< Q lenel- ■
li case Besides tins, Quenelii was a re
t, who ■; ■ ' r i■ ed a
, , .. . : . ■ ilsl< ■: and had been ca
red-handed In another cr minal act. lie
: sis: Lit not a particularly in-
I Ing personage."
At this point <Si neral X ■ and
i wish to i"- allowed to reply."
■•You shall. " said c 'olom i Jouaust.
Colon< l Picquai t, continuing, said: "1
allegation
that i ted 1 th< communication of
er to the members of the
• is court-martial without the prls
wledge. l n^vei ordered such
comnv ■ and li 11 was done it was
11 mj cognizance. 1 hast« n to add
In my opinion it would have been a n
• its mi mbers
would lend themselves to such machina
• idy, l repeat, to reply to
question. 1 will only point out that
all (•. - recounted in detail
was published I terms In the
■try 2. Having thus ex
plained certain matters, I will continue ;
my dej osltion."
Then th< colonel proceeded to discuss
the phrase occurring in the bordereau,
ng to the maneuvers." He said
there was no question of probationers go- :
Ing to th. maneuvers In September. This.
Inted out, would have curtailed their'
robation In an entirely unusual ,
manner.
■r dealing with the testimony of the
experts at the court-martial of uM Pic
proceeded to examine the secret
dossier, a close analysis of which, he
asserted, was particularly necessary
owing to the weight the document had
with the members of the court-maru d
"This dossier," continued the witness, j
"may be divided Into two parts. The j
first" contains three do uinetits. One Is *
known as the d'Avlgiiun document, the
terms of which are about as follows:
•Doubt th>- proofs, service letters; situa
tion dang- rous for me with French ofii
cer; no Information from an officer of the
mportant onlyas coming from the 1
Ministry: already somewhere else.' Two
The document containing the words
'cette canaille de D — .' Three- A docu
ment which is nothing but the report of :
a Journey to Switzerland made in behalf
of a foreign power.
"The second part of the dossier," con
tinued Picquart, "consisted chiefly ol a
supplementary review of the first. It con
tained the gWI ol seven or right docu
ments, which, 'cette canaille de
D ,' will serve for the purpose of com
parison. It al«o contained ;he correspond
ence of atUu hes A and B. These initials.
;■ '\i\(\ h.- borne In mind, represent
polonel Bchwarak ippe'n, formerly German ' :
military attache at Paris, and Major Pan-
Izzardf, the former military attache of I
Italy at the French capital.
A' this Juncture the colonel said it
would facilitate his explanation if he were
permitted to Bee the secret dossier, add
ing: "I have already had it In my hands,
but 1 fear my metnorj may fail m- on
some polius."
'What you a.=k." replied the president
of the court-marttal, "is impossible.. The
Minister's orders are absolute. The secret j
d< BSler ran only be examined under cer- I
■ulttions."
I r>gret it." answered Picquart," but I '
will try to refresh tnv memory."
The wit'- explained why Major
Dv Paty ile Clam's translation of the
Avignon document. which he had
■i as Idiotic, was open to doubt, and
why that document, if it had any mean-
Ing whatever, was as applicable to Ester
haxy as to l >rej lus.
R< garding the correspondence of the
military attaches, tin: witness demon- |
strated the Insignificance of the Informa
tion asked tor. While Dv Paty de Clam
regarded the correspondence as convinc
ing and as clearly Indicating an officer of
bui eau, Pli quai I maintained
that the terms of the correspondence mdi- ;
cated thai the writer Intended to ask a
friend and not a spy for the information
;. Many headquarters officers. h«
pointed out, were on cordial and abso
lutely legitimate terms with the foreign
ltj attaches. Colonel Pic<juart then
took up the "Cette canaille de l> docu
ment. He called the- attention of the
t that it was ad dr. Sed
by Bchwarskoppen to Panizzardl and not
vice versa, as long believed. After giving
his reasons for believing Dreyfus was not
t! : . person referred to in that document.
Picquart showed how De Clam endeav
ored to ascribe the authorship of the doc
ument to Par.izzardi. with the view of
establishing a connection which in reality,
did not exist between the various' docu- 1
rnents In the Indictment against Dfeyfus.
The document referring to the French
as p nt's. Journey to Switzerland; of which
Bchwarzkoppen is said to have hc-rn in-.
d, was only slightly commented
upon by the witness, as he did not attach
Importance to it.
The minute, detail with which the j
colonel dealt With the evidence, the |
clearness of his language and his deduc
tions had great effect upon the audience
and elicited general admiration. The for-;
mer chief of the Intelligence department
concluded his examination of the lirst por- I
tion of the secret dossier by saying:
"May I be allowed to express deep re- |
gret it the absence of Major dv Pan ie i
Clam It seems to me indispensable that j
this officer, who wrote the commentaries !
on the secret dossJer, should be summoned
to give evidence nere. He would give us J
ins reminiscences rum l would neip n:m.
I Laught< r. i
"But," added Picquart, "since I am i
dealing with this question of commenta- ]
I Major dii Paty de Clam, permit
me to point out to you. gentlemen, that
i Ins document was no{ the property of
any particular Minister. It was class
elonging to the intelligence Depart
ment, and. as you see. it formed part of
a well defined dossier— a dossier which
v. s shut up in one of the drawers of ray
and which was abstracted from It.
This commentary, therefore, is upon a
• dossier document which was im
properly removed from my department."
(S< nsation.)
ng, the witness said: "Mention
wa 2 made yesterday of the disappearance
of documents. That is the case in point."
Turning to the second part of the dis-
U< r Colonel I'ico.uart said a number of
document!" in it are forgeries and said the
police reports therein contained showed !
nothing serious against Dreyfus. Fie ex
plained that they embodied the theme i
mostly utilized by police spies in order
to dupe the Intelligence Department, and
asserted that th-ir Information was
mostly worthless, embroidered or false ■ r
prepared in order to make Interesting
reading.
"In the Inquiry made by M. Quesnay fli>
Beaurepaire" (fonrer President of the
civil se< tion of the Court of Cassation^,
continued colonel Picquart, "you have nn
excellent example of the soft of p.
who can present In the most specious
uui.-e what amounts to absolutely noth
ing. Yon cannot Imagine gentlemen.
what people, In order to get money, if
only a modest 20-franc piece, have brought '
to the Intelligence Department in the!
shape of so-called 'information.' whl< h i
examination has proved to be worthless."
Dreyfus displayed the keenest Interest
in PJcquart's protracted analysis of the
dossier, to which the whole audience i
listened with it.. found attention. The
members of the court-martial and the i
former Ministers of War were equally in
terested. Of the latter Generals Billot
and Zurlinden were in full uniform. Gen
eral Mercier was attired In civilian
clothes. N'tar them sat M. Bertulus the
■■■aiining magistrate, who gave such
strong testimony for Dreyfus yesterday.
Madame Henry, widow of Lieutenant
Colonel Henry, who taxed M. Bertulus
with being a Judas, was not present.
concluding his examination ol the i
secret dossier, Colonel Picquart explained
how he ha<l acquired the conviction that
the bordereau was written by Esterhazy
.and how he ascertained that the auti-
Preyfus proofs were worthless. He be
gan by detailing how he first learned of
the existence ol Esterhazy and his efforts
to discover something about him The
1 • ess earnestly asserted that the first
occasion on which he saw Esterhaxy was
when he read the address of the petit bleu
He Bald h« was not acquainted with and
never had Esterhazy watched. Previous
to this effort had been made to prove the
contrary and show Picquart knew Bster
hasy before the discovery of the petit blue.
'lonel emphasized this point with
• v . as explained, of showing how cer
tain newspapers had travestied the facts
and he created a mild sensation by add
ing: "I shall have occasion to point OUI
otner and similar examples."
The witness then rebutted the charges
made against him- of unnecessarily delay-
Ing the prosecution of Esterhazy. He said
his object was to avoid arousing suspicion
in regard to an officer who, perhaps, was
entirely innocent.
"What a mistake." he added, "won: !
have been averted in I«S4 had they acted
In the same way in regard to Dreyfus!"
This remark caused murmurs of ap- :
prcval in court.
What the witness gathered ahout Ester- !
hazy's character, be continued, created i
the worst, impression upon him. bur !•
• i nothing to connect Esterhazv
with any act of espionage. Therefor, he
did not mention his suspicions. An agi mi.
however, was ordered to watch Eetor
hazy, who had completely compromised
himself through his relations with an
El gllsh company of which he had agreed ;
to bee >me a director.
"That could not be permitted in the cast
of a French officer." said Picquart. More
over, Esterhazy gambled, led a life of de
bauchery and lived with Mile. Pays
Turning to the leakage at headquarters,
the witness described the negotiations of a
Major Lauth with Bpy Richard Cuers ot I
Has],, showing how the spy promised in
fortnation about the leakage, and how
Picquart was Induced to allow Lieutenant
colonel Henry to accompany Major
Lauth to Basle.
Picquart also- described the vag.i- re
plies of Henry when o.uestioned on the
subject of Esterhazy before his departure '
and the futility of the visit to Basi.- be- i
cause of Givers' refusal, when he saw
Henry, to impart the promised Informa
tion. This incident caused the witness to
wonder whether, instead of trying to make
Cuers speak, Henry and Lauth hai not
done everything possible to impose silence :
upon him. Before the Basle incident Col
onel Picquart had decided to sneak to ■
General de Boisdeffre about Esterhazy
"in answer to my request." said the
witness, "General do Boisdeffre wrote me !
asking me to meet him at the train on
his arrival from Vichy. While driving
from the railroad station to the generals !
home I told him all I had done in regard '
to Esterhasy. F affirm that Genera! v iis
deffre knew that this question was to re
main a Secret between us, and that I wma
not to mention it except to the Minister
of War. i knew Esterhazy was anxious :
to enter the War Office, and I did not re
gard his desire favorably. I communi
cated my impressions to my chiefs who
approved all my steps, and the application
of Esterhazy was rejected. His insist
ence, however, only increased my uneasi
ness regarding him. and I resolved to ob
tain a specimen of his handwriting I I
was immediately struck with the similar
ity of his handwriting and that of the i
bordereau, and forthwith I had the letters!
of Esterhaxy which were in my possession :
photographed, and showed the photo
graphs to Major I » • i Paty de Clam and M
Bertillon <th<> handwriting expert), be-'
tween August S ami September '>."
The colonel emphasized this point, be- j
cause M. Bertillon affirms he saw the pho- !
tographs in May, ISW. and made a note :
of thrm, whereas the letters were not!
written on that date. The conflicting tes- j
timony of Picquart and Bertillon on this '
point has been used to discredit the form
er's evidence.
Colonei Picquart. continuing, said De
Clam, on seeing the writing, forthwith
declared It was that of Matthew Dreyfus
the brother of Captain Dreyfus.
The witness, continuing, said: "You
know h< maintained that 'the bordereau
's the joint work of Alfred and Matthew !
Dreyfus.* M. Bertillon said. 'Thar is the
writing of the bordereau." M. Bertillon
tried to .ifs'-over where I had obtained
the handwriting, luit the only information
I Imparted was that It was current and j
recent handwriting. M. Bertillon then i
sugg 'Sted that it was a tracing and end- I
ed by saying that If it was current hand- |
writing it could only have emanate,] from |
some ore whom the Jews had been exer- ;
cising foi a year in imitating the hand- j
writing of the bordereau.
"At Id. B> rtUlon'a request I left the
photographs with him, When he returned
them he said he had adhered to his opin
lon and earnestly asked to see the oiig- |
leal. AVben I saw beyond a doubt that
the handwriting of the bordereau was Es
terhazy's and seeing that documents men
tioned therein might have been supplied i
by Esterhazy, that the words '1 am going
to the maneuvers' could perfectly well an- i
ply to Esterhazy. and that Esterhazy had I
secret advices at his disposal to copy a
document so voluminous as the 'liring
manual.' I resolved to consult the secret
dossier to see what part of the. treachery
might be ascribed to Dreyfus and to as
sure myself whether the dossier con
tained anything indicating Esterhazv I
frankly admit I was stupefied on reading
the secret dossier. I expected to find mat
ters of gravity therein and found In short
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
PROGRESS OF THE SHERMAN'S
VOYAGE TOWARD THIS PORT
ON August 12 The Call said: "In making San Francisco from Yokohama the Knited States transport Sherman,
with the California boys aboard, will probably cover 4650 knots?. Each day she will log from 290 to 300 knots!
and If she does the soldiers should be off the Farallones the afternoon of the 24th or early on the 25th."' Since '
then the transport Warren has arrived with the news that the Sherman is probably following the course selected
by The Call, and Captain Hart says he thinks she will get here within the hours specified. The Sherman has
better steaming coal than was figured on, and that may make a few hours' difference in her actual time; still the
chances are that in no event will she be off the Farallones before noon of the 24th.
Nautical Expert J. T. McMillan figures that at noon yesterday (San Francisco time) the Sherman was about in
latitude 41 domes north, longitude 162 degrees 30 minutes west, and was therefore a little over 1800 nautical miles
from San Fran<
On account of the crowds that assemble in front of the window on the Market-street side of the business office
of The Call it is almost Impossible nowadays for pedestrians to pass by. A large fac simile of the map shown above
is the drawing card, and the attention it attracts indicates the great interest taken by San Franciscans in the
course of the good ship that is bringing the valiant California boys nearer home day by day. At night the crowds
are even' bit as big.
nothing but a document which might ap
ply )usl as much to Esterhazy as to Dn y
fus, an unimportani document mentioning
the d'Avignon note and a document winch
it se »m< •: absurd to apply to Dreyfus,
nam« ly. the 'Cette canaille D doc
ument. , ,
"Lastly 1 recognized a report appended,
in the handwriting of Gonse, which ap
peared to be at least as worthless as the
second document. It was then evening".
I had stayed late alone at the office in
order to • xamine the document thorough
ly. I thought it over during the night, and
the next day I explained the whole situa
tion to General de Boisedeffre. 1 took to
l ... office the secret dossier, the fac simile
of the bordereau, the petit bleu and the
principal papers connected with my In
vestigation of Esterhazy. I wonder now
ii i had one or two Interviews. I.ut I
still see General Boisedeffre as ,v- exam
ined the- dossier with me, stop before he
reached the i mi and t< n me to go Into
the country, give an account ol the ai
falr to General Gonse and ask his aa
vice. Before starting.to see General Gonse
1 copied i note, four pages In. length,
which I made September I, containing my
resume of the Egterhazy affair, when i
informi d General Gons • ol all whi< h had
occurred he remarked, 'So a mistake
has i" en made.'
"After my Interview with General Goftse
I did not work any longer on my own in
itiative. I said nothing more until the
return of General Gonse, September la.
At that time Esterhazj was at the great
Next the witness dwelt on the rumorfi In
September, 1596. of the project of replac
ing Dreyfus by a man of straw and the
discovery of the forged VVeyler letter,
supposed to be connected with the same
project. Ab.-ut the same time the cam
paign for and against Dreyfus was start
ed by the newspapi rs.
\t this stage of his deposition ■ olonel
Picquarl who had been Bpeaklng for two
and a half hours, was visibly distressed.
He had occasional attacks ol coughing,
but managed to continue, Colonel Jouaust
not showing any disposition to suspend
ission of the court in order to give
him need< d rest.
The witness th«n turned his attention
to the newspaper attacks on Dreyfus,
saying that the Information regarding the
bordereau contained In them convinced
him that ii had been Inspected by some
losely connected with the Dreyfus
'"••They could not," he added, "be attrib
uted to the Dreyfus family, while thej
contain* d expressions familiar to Dv I aty
de Clam whom it would be int. resting to
hear on the subject, witness nexl said
he asked permission to inquire Into the
sources of the articles, but war, forbidden
to Inter, ft" in any way whatever.
■Describing his interview v.lth General
; . September 1, Picquart said: "When
I asked General Gonse for permission to
continue the Investigation, insisting on
the danger of allowing the Dreyfus family
to proceed with the investigation alone,
the general replied that it was Impossible
in his opinion and in the opinion ol Gen
eral Boisedeffre and the Minister of war
to reopen the affair. When I pressed on
the point, in order to make General Cons.
understand that nothing could prevent its
n jng if (t could be believed Dreyfus
was Innocent, General Gonse replied: 'If
you say nothing nobody will know.'
" 'General.' 1 replied, "what you tell me
is abominable. I do not know what I shall
do I.ut I won't carry this secret with me.'
(Great sensation.) 1 at once left the
room." • . ,
"That is what occurred. I know my ac
count is disputed, but 1 positively swear
it ■■ said I** quart as he emphatically
smote the bar in front of the witness box
and looked In t ho direction of the gen
ei als.
The col in ! next described his inten
tions with regard to Esterhazy, which
Generals Gonse and I>e Boisdeffre had
forbidden him to cany out. He attached
particular importance to this point, as il
contained a clew to subsequent occur
rences. I-ater witness said thaj while De
Clara evidently acted wrongly ln\dis
guising himself with a false beard and
Blue Bpectacles, perhaps he was author
ized to do so.
After a few minutes' suspension of the
session Colonel Picquart resumed his dep
osition, snowing how. through an article
in the Eclair. Beptembi r 15, he was satis
lied Esterhazj' had been warned of the
suspicions against him.
In order to make the proofs complete
witness continued his investigations with
the utmost discretion. In his opinion the
only event of Importance in the Dreyfus
affair since the discovery of the bordereau
was the Henry forgery, perperated Octo
ber 31, IS&6. He added that it must have
be< n handed immediately to General
Gonse. Shortly before Henry perpetrated
the forgery an agent named (In. nee.
Henry's right-hand man, prepared a re
pori declaring that c'astelln. Republican
Revisionist Deputy for Laon Division of
Aisne, was about to play the hand of the
Dreyfus family by unmasking in the
Chamber of Deputies the prisoner's ac
complices, thus having the affair re
opened. Colonel Picquart incidentally
complained bitterly that while he ,vns
still chief of the Intelligence Department
Henry's tool, Guenee, should be allowed
to make reports against the witness, who
had then established a connection between
the reports of Guenee, the false deposition
of Henry, who had testified that he bad
seen the witness seated in Maitre L^biois"
office with the document containing- the
words "Cette canaille de D — -."Each
new scheme was a development of the one
preceding.
The next feature of Piequart's deposi
tion was his recital of the Intrigues
against him and the pressure exercised
by Henry, with the view of fixing on the
witness the blame, for communicating in
formation to the newspapers. Th«n, turn
ing to the commission on which he was
dispatched. Picquart described th-" 1 irrita
tion he felt when h" saw he was being
removed because he was no longer wanted
as h^ad of the intelligence department.
He explained that if this disgrace had
been frankly avowed it would have been
much less painful to' him. The colonel
also said that during hit absence his cor
respondence was tampered with.
Dealing with his mission in Tunis?, which
Picquart said might to have been intrust
ed to n commissary of police, the witness
declared It was then that Henry, abandon
ing his underhand intrigues, began a
campaign of open persecution. Henry
wrote to the witness, accusing him of
communicating information to the press,
with disclosing the contents of secret doc
uments and with attempting to suborn of
ficers in connection with the petit btetl
It was then Picquart learned of the ex
isteKce of the forged secret documents di
rected against himself, and foresaw his
own ruin if the Dreyfus affair was re
opened, and to safeguard himself he In
trusted to a lawyer friend a certain letter
from General Gonse, at the same time ac
quainting the lawyer with what he knew
of Esterhazy and instructing the lawyer
how he should intervene if the occasion
demanded it. This lawyer, M. de Blois
communicated with M. Scheurer-Kestner, i
then one of the Vice Presidents of the
Senate, and the representations of the lat
ter to Premier Meline's government fol
lowed.
Wh*>n Picquart's furlough was duo Gen
eral Leclerc, cummaiiiiing in Tunis, was
ordered to send Picquart to the frontier
lof Tripoli. Leclerc commented to the wit
i ness oh thjs abnormal order, and Picquart
! confided to the general the probable rea
i sons for it and his belief In the inno
cence <>f Dreyfus. Leclerc thereupon or
; dered Picquart not to go beyond Gabies.
: In the meanwhile the campaign in Paris
! was continued. ost< rhaxy appeared
among the witnesses and accusers.
Picquart here created a sensation by
incidentally remarking tnat the Judges
in 1894 were shamefully deceived in hav
ing: the document containing the words
"Cette canaille de I> " conveyed to
them. Witness bitterly recited the details
of the various machinations with the view
of incriminating him Instigated by Henry,
Esterhazy and Dv Pats de clam.
Colonel Jouaust, president of the court,
having asked for explanations on certain
points. Picquart said:
"If I t( 11 you 'ill this, gentlemen, it is
to show what must have been the mental
attitude toward me of the members of
the court-martial which tried ICsierhuzy."
i Murmurs of assent.)
When he resumed his deposition the wlt
-11. ss siiid he regretted he hnd not been
given th- opportunity to contradict his
accusers at that court-martial.
"I nave almost finished my task,"'
added Picquart, "but I ask permission
i.. refer to the way the bordereau came
to th- War Office. " I have doubts In re
gard to the person who brought the
bordereau. Two quite different persons
could certainly have delivered the borde
reau in l^iM. Hut if an intelligent person
had delivered it he would certainly have
insisted upon the value of its contents."
General Roget and General Mercier,
Saving intimated a desire to speak. Colo
nel Jouaust asked Dreyfus if he had any
thing tn say, and the prisoner replied in
the negative.
General Roget then mounted the plat
form and asked (.'oioncl Picquart for ex
planations regarding the Quenelli. affair.
'•Colonel Piequrirt ." said General Roget,
i "attacked me this morning In regard to
m> speech for the prosecution of the
Qu< nelli (use. He said he was not pres
ent a 1 the -Ministry of War when the
Case was in progress. That Is quite In
correct. I ask colonel Picquart if he de
nies that he wrote Captain Marechal an
order to connect him with Galanti; that
he wrote to the Public Prosecutor enclos
ing documents, and that he wrote to the
Public Prosecutor a second time? If hf
denies this. I ask the court to send for
Marechal and the dossier in the Quenelli
affair."
Colonel Picquart replied that there was
no need to threaten to produce the dos
sier in order to make him reply.
"1 did nol say." he declared, "I was
absent during the Quenelli affair. I said
1 was absent part of the time and that
painful duties did not permit me to par
i ticipate in It. as I would otherwise have
■ don< "
"I>id you write those letters?" asked
Colonel Jouaust.
"Yes." replied Picquart, "I remember
writing letters in the case, though I do
not remember exactly their terms or
date.s."
Colonel Jouaust then said: "General
Roget asks if you deny you wrote a let
ter Bending Galanti to Switzerland?"
"Galanti," the witness replied, "was
an agent who gave us information about
the Italian forts In the neighborhood of
Bell fort. Finding ourselves on the point
of being discovered, we very naturally
took measures to avoid it. That Is why
i Galanti was sent to Switzerland."
"Then you wrote the letters," said Gen
eral Koget, "and 1 add that Colonel
Henry was not concerned in this affair.
He was sent to }?el!fort against his wilt
by Colonel Picquart."
The witness acknowledged writing some
letters and wanted to know their text.
He said he would like to see them so that
he could he more precise.
"You must have Been." he said, "hovt
much falsehood there has been in this
affair "
In reply to further questions Picquart
admitted sending documents to Bellfort
for use in the Quenelli case; "hut." he
added, 'they were handed to the public
prosecutor."
General Rogers questioning was evi
dently with the view of eliciting the con
fession from Colonel Picquart that in the
Quenelli case he communicated to the
j Judges documents unknown to the de
; fense, as he now accuses the general staff
of doing in the Dreyfus case. The general
concluded with angrily repelling various
statements of Picquart In regard to his
connection with the press, and a dialogue,
apparently wholly unconnected with the
present trial, followed.
General Mercier promptly replaced Gen
eral Roget.
"Colonel Picquart," Mercier said, "has
stated that I ordered him to convey docu
| ments to Colonel Mmirel. That is false.
I never hnnded any packet to. Colonel
Picquarr for Colonel Maurel. I never
mentioned secret documents to him."
Tn reply Colonel Picquart said: "I re
; rrlember perfectly handing a packet to
Colonel Maurel."
General Mercier next denied Colonel
Picquart's statement relative to the meet
ing with General Gotrse during the after
noon of January 6. 1SP"». when the latter
was greatly excited at the prospect of
war.
"That cannot be the case," said General
■ Mercier. "Gonse will make a deposition
on the subject. I don't know what he
will say. But he could not have been ap
i prehensive of war that afternoon, since I,
' myself, had no apprehensions on that
! score."
Colinel Picquart replied that he ad
hered to everything he had said. General
| Gonse. witness explained, was excited be
cause he knew of the action of an Em
bassadoi toward M. Caslmir-Perier, then
President of the republic.
General Mercie.r next referred to Pic
quarfs statement that the Avignon
document was communicated to the
i court-martial of 1804. He said:
"I deny it positively. The only- docu
ments communicated were the Panlz
' znrdi telrpram. De Clam's commentary,
the note of the Italian attache In regard
to the French railroads and the report of
Guence."
Colonel Picquart here pointed out that
he had only expressed his belief on this
subject.
General Mercier further thought it in
cumbent upon him to reply to the allega
tion of Colonel Picquart regarding the re
sponsibility of De Clam relative to the
communication to a foreign power of a
note c'c-aJing with modifications in the ar
tillery.
This note is said to have been prepared
in General Mercler's department. I de
clare." he said, "that inquiry has shown
that the document was drawn up iiot by
Dv Paty de clam, but by Colonel Mafcson.
in another department, though the record
of it ha> disappeared.*'
In regard to the bordereau General
Mercier reaffirmed that it reached the
ministry through the ordinary channels.
Man re Demange at this juncture -com
mented upon the disappearance of De
c lam g commentary, to which General
Mercier answered: "The commentary
was prepared for me."
Counsel, however, insisted that although
it was prepared for Me-rcier the commen
tary was included in the dossier and ought
to be forthcoming.
The court then adjourned for the day.
GUERIN CONTINUES
TO DEFY THE POLICE
PARIS. Aug. IS.— M. Guerin decided to
night to energetically maintain his own
propositions, and refused to accept Chose
proposed by General Jacquey. M.
Guerin's decision not to surrender was
delivered after a deputation of the Na
tional Defense group had waited on him
and informed him of the contents of the
semi-official note.
General Jacquey and M. Kiermen
Faure. Revisionist and anti-Semite dep
uty from Oran, Algeria, had numerous
interviews during the day, and also with
Premier Waldeck-Roiiss>;ui. whereupon
General Jacquey submitted his proposi
tion for surrender.
It is now said that Lasces, anti-Semite I
deputy from the <'ondom district of the
<;ers. has decided to discontinue negotia
tions with M. (luerin. General Jacquey,
who is ;i Republican member of trie
chamber of Deputies, is also discouraged
and has left Paris. A semi-official note
Issued to-night says:
"Having considered for humanity above
all other things, the Government from
the beginning discarded the Idea of
storming M. Guerin's bouse or the seiz
ure of the accused by mere force. Meas
ures for preventing M. Guerin from com- !
municatlng with, the outside world, aa
well as preventing or dispersing all as
semblages, will be maintained, however,
as long as possible."
LABORI'S ASSASSIN
IS NOW SURROUNDED
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— A Journal cable
from Rennes says the assassin of I/aborl
Is surrounded and should be caught and
brought in within forty-eight hours, nis
trail was picked up yesterday at a farm
on the byroad between the Fougeres road
and Serveo on the way to Paris. Here
he was seen plodding along the road at
4:30 o'clock yesterday morning. He
stopped at a barber shop at Servon and
asked for a razor to shave himself,
which was furnished him.
The barber's wife, who gave a com
plete description of him. said he looked
tired and worn out. Satisfactory traces
were also found on him at Chateau (Jiron,
some miles further on, and it is now evi
dent that he is following the road to
Paris, which is never any great distance
from the railway, where he evidently
hopes to steal s ride or take a ticket oil
a passenger train. If he does this, he
will be instantly caught. If he continues
his march in the same direction be must
come out the next day into the open
country, the entrance to which is com
pletely picketed, military and gendarmes
being on watch for him in all the sur
rounding eummunes.
MERCIER'S POSITION
HAS BEEN COMPROMISED
PARIS. Aug. 18.— The Figaro demands
that M. Emile Picot. member of the Insti
tute, who was present when Sehwarz
koppen sent the Petit Bleu to Esterhazy.
be heard by the court-martial. The
Figaro consider? General Mercier's posi
tion compromised by the fact that the
Schneider letter proved a forgery, as ho
may be liable to prosecution for the mak
ing of the forgery.
GLORIOT NOT THE
SHOOTER OF LABORI
RENNES, Aug. 18.— Glorlot, who claims
to be the man who attempted to assassi
nate M. Labori, was brought to Rennet
this evening. Colonel Picquart, M. Oast
and others who saw Ihe would-be asssas
sin. declared Gloriot was not the man.
The prisoner has. written a letter to the
police making an alleged confession and
glorifying the crime. The doctors bay
he is insane.
DROWNED HERSELF TO
END HER SUFFERING
FULI.ERTON, Cal., Aug. IS.-The dead
body of Miss Lillie Hlndes, daughter of
the conductor of the vegetarian colony
at Placentia. was found In a reservoir
near the Hlndes place this morning.
A note was found near a pile of the
girl"s clothing, which was addressed to
her father and stated that she had been
suffering from a weak stomach and life
had no pleasure for her. and she hoped
her father would forgive her.'
She was 26 years old and the last one of
Hindes' children. Since he started {his
colony his wife, two daughters and two
sons have died. One of the sons was re
ported to have died of starvation. The
Coroner is holding an inquest over the
body.
Found in the River.
WOODLANfX Aug. IS.— The body of an
unknown m:i:i' was found floating in the
Sacramento River, on the Yolo side, below
Elkhorn. last night. A Coroner's jury was
unable to learn the identity of the dead
man, who was apparently about 30 years of
age and dressed in overalls and a blue
jumper. The body was badly decom
posed. It was brought to this city for
burial.
Message in a Bottle.
SAJNIA tiAKBAKA, AUg. 18.— XTX6 fol
lowlng message in a bottle was picked up
on the beach to-day, ten miles from this
city: "We are wrecked at sea and are
starving to death. Send some one over to
get us on a little island. Don't know
where." The message waa not sLened.
STRUVES REFUSED
TO COMPROMISE
Preliminary Hearing of
Peter Storm.
WAS RELEASED ON BAIL
ACCUSED OF ATTEMPTING TO
MURDER HIS NEPHEW.
The Case Has Stirred Up a Bitter
Family Feud and Trouble Is
Expected When the
Trial Begins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVILLE, Aug. 18.— The pre
liminary examination of Peter Storm.
charged with an attempt to murder his
nephew, Lawrence Struves, took place
before Judge Hawkins to-day and
Storm was bound over to appear before
the Superior Court, with bail fixed at
$3000 i He furnished the required bonds,
with George Seitz and Chris Storm as
surety. It was thought for a time that
the Struves would not actively prose
cute Storm, owing to a desire not to
air family troubles in court, but the
efforts put forth to effect a compromise
are at an end and the fight is on to a
finish.
The Struves have retained ex-District
Attorney Lindsay to assist District At
torney Knight in the prosecution, and
Storm has retained for his defense S.
F. Geil of Salinas and Rogers &
Wyckoff of this city.
Owing to the prominence of the
Struves and Storms the trial will at
tract considerable attention, and it
would not surprise any one if further
trouble took place before the case is
heard in the Superior Court.
BURGLARS MAKE A RICH
HAUL IN SAUSALITO
Residence of J. W. Harrison Entered
and Jewelry Carried Away.
SAUSALITO, Aug. IS.— Several bold
and determined attempts at house
breaking have been made here in the
past few days and the town is in a
most excited condition. In one in
stance the thieves secured jewelry and
other valuables estimated to be worth
$2000. The poolrooms are blamed for
the burglaries on account of their pres
ence bringing so many rough and un
ruly characters into the town, and the
antipathy manifested toward the gam
bling, dens by the respectable element
of the community has taken a fresh
lease of life, the probability being that
j a second attempt will be made to have
i the town disincorporated.
Last Wednesday evening J. W. Har
| rison, the San Francisco coal magnate,
• retired with his family about 11 o'clock,
after entertaining a number of guests.
At midnight, while everybody in the
j house was sleeping, burglars effected
|an entrance through a rear window
! and secured a quantity of silver plate
I yalued at $1000. Mrs. and Miss Dickens
i of San Francisco, who were guests of
the family, lost a quantity of valuable
jewelry, including several diamonds.
Among the valuables was a diamond
breastpin valued at $500. The total
value of the booty secured by the ma
rauders aggregated $2000.
On the following evening Arthur Pig
gott of Wildwood Glen, while lying in
bed in the second story of his house,
heard somebody on the lower floor and,
arming himself, proceeded to investi
gate. As he descended the stairway
his coming was heard by the thieves,
two in number, whn dropped a sack in
! which they had placed a quantity of
valuables and fled. Piggott rushed <>ut
into the street and fired at the burglais
as they were fleeing, but is not certain
whether he hit either of them.
On the same night an attempt was
made to effect an entrance into the
i house of Mrs. Tillinghast through th. ;
I front door. The noise of a key turning
j in the lock awakened a member of the
family, who lighted a lamp and started
for the door. As the door opened be
saw one man jumping the fence and
another running down the road.
The services of two San Francisco de
tectives have been secured in an en
deavor to discover the identity of the
thieves who looted the Harrison resi
dence. A close watch Is also being
kept by the local authorities for any
future attempts at burglaries.
LORD DUNBOYNE
IS CALLED TO REST
LONDON. Augr. 18.— Lord Dunboyne is
dead. He was born in 1539.
James Fitzwalter Clifford-Butler, fif
teenth Baron by patent and twenty
fourtn by summons, was born May 2<i
ISM. He was educated at Winchester and
was lieutenant rolonel of the Second
Monmouih Rifle Volunteers from 1567 to
1872. He was a Justice of the Peace and
a deputy lieutenant <>f County Mnrimouth
Mini a Justice of the Peace for Devon. He
assumed the additional surname of Clif
ford on his m-arriage in 1860 with Marion,
daughter of Colonel Henry Morgan Clif
ford of Llantillo, Crosseny", Monmouth.
LIBRARY IN MEMORY
OF GENERAL BEALE
BAKKRSFTELD. Aug. 18.-R. M. Pog
son, agent for Truxton Beale, let a con
tract to-day to R. S. Aston to build a
Beale memorial library at the corner of
Chester avenue and Seventeenth street
Bakersfield. The building will be of the
mission style, 42x80 feet. The walls will
be of brick, plastered in imitation of
adobe. The roof will be of genuine Span
ish tiles. The contract price is $7270.
It is being erected as a monument to the
memory of General E. F. Beale, who left
a large estate in this county, including
the Tejon, Castac and Liebere grants.
Have You Seen
The Sparks and Looker-On columns- of
this week's News-Letter? •
Actions of the Just
I Smell Sweet/
The fragrance of life is vigor and
strength, neither of <jvhich can be found
in a person 'whose blood is impure, and
'whose every breath speaks of internal
troubles. Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies
the blood and makes the 'weak strong.
.'jjg^ »r. R. L. Walsh,
/MtWLS^^-^a k 815\ GEARY ST.. bet.
JnJiiW|rfj^liyii™ Hyde and Larkln.
e^ "^^~^2^i=zO I'alnleas Kxtractlon.. '
\1 f f _ M rfrTiT ' Crowns ifii.UU
vf■T» It T, yjiy Flesh-colored Plates..
y^l.liJsJ^rC7y,: $5.00
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN . tlrst prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. II
MWl 1 (,vn»rl»nn«
MISCELLANEOUS. ,
TAFF'S LIFE
WASSAVED
His Tonsils Were Inflamed
and Enlarged So That
His Throat Was Com=
pietely Closed.
F. B. Taif Neither Ate Nor
Swallowed for Three Days,
and Death Seemed In-
evitable.
Loit 15 Pounds in Ten Days — Was
Miraculously Cured in Four Days
by Dr. Aborn.
A remarkable cure of quinsy was ef-
fected by Dr. Aborn, the specialist in the
treatment of throat and lung diseases, at
554 Sinter street. The case was that of F.
B. Taff, whose statement is made in the
following sworn affidavit:
F. B. Taff, being duly sworn, deposes
and says:
I was afflicted with a severe case of quin-
sy, to such an extent that my life was
jeopardized, and I lost fteen pounds of
flesh in ten days, and for three days he-
fore applying to Dr. Aborn I could neither
eat, drink nor swallow.
The inflammation was so great that I
suffered the most excruciating pain in my
throat, ears and head.
I was at Pendleton, Or., at the time, and
!at once sought the best medical aid I
could obtain there, but I continually grew
worse instead of better under the treat-
ment, and as it was a matter of life and
death in a short time I immediately took
the train to consult Dr. Aborn. who I
heard was the most successful physician
in the United States for the treatment of
such troubles.
I went direct to Dr. Aborn's office. Al-
though scarcely able to speak above a
whisper I explained to the doctor how I
was afflicted, and upon examination of my
throat he pronounced it "Quinsy In the-
most aggravated form," both tonsils be-
ing so inflamed and swollen . that my
throat was completely closed up, so. that
I could neither eat nor swallow. The doc-
tor said, notwithstanding my dangerous
condition, that lie could relieve me in
forty-eight hours, and I at once submitted
myself to his treatment, and without cut-
ting, scarifying; cauterizing or burning he
gave me instant relief, as though by mag-
ic, and in forty-eight hours 1 was so com-
pletely cured that I could eat, drink and
breathe as well as I ever could, and now,
this being the fourth day, 1 am completely
cured without being subjected to any
harsh or painful treatment whatever, and
with a cheerful and grateful heart I take
pleasure in commending Dr. Aborn to the
public as a most successful and skillful
physician, for without his services I am
satisfied that I could not have lived an-
other forty-eight hours. F. B. TAFF.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.
(Seal) . C. F. PFLUGER. ,
Notary Public.
F. e.~ Attention Is called to the fact that It
was "Quinsy" i'.-.t killed General George
Washington, the father of our country. Its
effects, are usually sudden and decisive, and
life doe.-* not weigh long -within Its relentless
grip If Immediate relief is not obtained.
. The afflicted from all parts of California
and the Pacific Coast are coming daily to
San Francisco to avail themselves. of Dr.
Aborn's wonderfully successful treat-
ments. ■■-'■ ■■■ "■.
DR. ABORN, 554 SUTTER STRKET,
Has devoted over thirty years to the
study and treatment of diseases of. the
eye, ear, head, throat and lungs and the
digestive organs. By his peculiarly suc-
cessful methods of treatment Dr. Aborn
has gained an enviable reputation for his
skill in the cure of such cases as have
resisted the ordinary modes of treatment.
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE!
h SB On account of ' -vtng
|gj eSMm. closed up my Sacra-
*J MT mento branch store 1
Hi ii offer to my patrons and
m /SivSV* the public In general
MB dHHI $5000 worth of woolens, .
Wi fl&S)#fift which I wish to turn Into
ra- BRbg&HKa cash before my fall and
S3 >StBi£aiMTaH winter stock comes in.
EH ■ ¥fmi&sr See prices In the window.
I iH - JOE POHEIM,
H ImbU ' THE TAILOR.
H g|fi#f 201-203 Montgomery st.
H Wnk 1110-1112 Market at..
M 'I Eg San Francisco.
B i m 1011 Washington St..
H _ '{^v k 14^ South Spring Bt»,
143 South Spring st:.
H IP* Log Angeles. Cal.
oooooboooooooooooo
o T P.- m PALACE AN -Po
*GRAND"
Q SAN FRANCISCO.
** Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O MOTE TEG PRICES :~ O
O European Plan.Bl.oo per day and upward 0
American Plan. s3. OO per day and upward A
Correspondence Solicited. : W
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATSICI. Xtatftr. O
OOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOO
v^k^vL/ ELECTRIC BELTS.
>fi3SSLKO4|ts£iiSr Prices from JJ 50 to
lW? TrTiy/W't nWi J25. Largest manu-
■js^_ ■? x, '! N "t^//)]%a facturers In the Unt-
VRkißt^jocifJfW led States. NoQuacM
connected with this
/TRrSTcS/iT"*^^ s^" ~ establishment.
Vjv\«i^te J?\\ (CT For particular*
•af 1;— call or send lo -la
*^f^ stamps for "Booklet
' ' No. 2." Addresa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. 3. F.
fPA Cfcteliesterto EnjrU»t» Diamond Brand, '-^
f ENNVROYAL PILLS
ENNVRQYAL PiLLS
H _/- — v Original and Only Geanloo. A
™<-^~tSL**\ safe, j;w»Tt relUble. uoick ut J&\
£i( £K.h»(u l)ro«gi»t for ' Chic/letter English /l,a-JqV\
£ulU&Lmit\mond Brand to lied and Gold u>e:aUicVMaT
CT^^fvßjJboiei". staled with blue ribbon. Take VIT
JEk i»Sii t,jDO other. Refuse d'UigT<n.t (übtti'tv v
(1 jirtiiiuandimttatv n*. At Drngs^ts, or «end 4*.
I (^ W to damps f.->r p trtlealari, tcitlsumiala »o4
Its* tSs "Kcllof for tadfer," in latter, by retsni
\_ ffr Moll. JO.OOO Tntloenitli. Sent Paper.
reh!«-'ie»t*r CSekalc&i Co.,Mndl»o«i i>qaar>
Mali bj »'l l-ocil DruggiiU. P II .' L A 1 1 A.. I'A
... Jf&iHlftiSsJ&l ■ Blg 3is a non-poisonom
' '^WP'" %*€l remedy . for Gonorrh«a,
£tßgr { CCKES^M < ; loet, Spermatorrhoea,
JKUBt Ito 5 aaye.^Sf "V hlt^B, unnatural ,ii#.
Snßa Ocarao««vt f| ohrirgf«, or any inflnmma-
■rlijf not to strlatore. tion, irritation or uKera-
§*—<3PraTeau contagion. ttoD of mucous mem-
IffSirHEEvANSCHEMinn f!o. branes. Non-astringent,
VSiaAciNCINHATI.O BH . Sold by l>rasari«t*,
WBfik. v. "■ a jssr or "it ' a plain wrapper,
' '^PS b J express, prepaid.- tot
il.oo. or 3 bottles, 13.75.
•%-^jjjßjptjß^v a Oirciuat aeat oa tmtctai,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RK-
modeled and reno' ated. KING. WARD &
CO European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 60 day:
$a Co $8 week; tS to $30 month. Free baths; hot
anil cold water every room; fire grates In ever*;
rocm: elevator runs all night. - ;
Mipr 1 nmil I Corner Fourth and
P 11 DMi/AI Market. S. F. Try •
1 Ar I 1 Kill II I ur s eclal Brew
liHI HI I HI Steamy and Lager
UnlL lIVI n L. 6c. Overcoats and
Valises checked tree.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
1-J great Mexican remedy; gives health and
*tren*tb to Mxuai'.orsana.'-'Xtengt. sti Market.NORMAL ALUMNI
SENDS AN APPEAL
TO GOVERNOR GAGE
Dissatisfied With, the White=
washing Given McNaughton
by the Trustees.
BAN JOSE, Aug. IS.— alumni in- |
vestigating committee of the State Nor
mal School is not satisfied with the
"white washing" given Principal Me-
Naughton. charged with immorality,
lncompetency and lack of integrity, and
have appealed to Governor Gage to step i
in ax.d intercede and save the school.
It is claimed the school has been :
.greatly injured by placing a man of
McNaughton's character at its head j
It Is reared now that many pupils will
leave the school and go to the other
r.ormal institutions because of the no
toriety given the local school. The citi
zens of this city also propose to take
up the matter and several strong pe
titions will be sent to the Governor.
The Board of Trustees has been se
verely condemned tor their action in
finding McNaughton not guilty. Trus
tee Short of Fresno prepanJ the reso
lutions that whitewashed McNaughton
and it is claimed they we • written be
fore the Investigation b- -fan.
McNaughton is loth to give up his
position without a hard fight, and has
consulted an attorney about suing for
a full 'years salary ■' dismissed.
The alumni committee, consisting of
J G. Jury. Eli Wright and F. E. Carll.
has prepared the following appeal to '
Governor Gage, which, with a portion
of the evidence taken, has been for
■warded to Sacramento:
SAN JOSE. Aug. IS. ISM.
To the Hen. Henry T. Gage. Governor
of the Stnte of California. Sacrament^
Cal -Rejected Sir: The unaer^n.a
committee of the Alumni Association o.
JnfiSte Normal School of San Jose a£
pomted at the last regular meeting ofjtiie
elated 1 principal 01 the Normal School at
■ ir^sr? .si isss ±3
S
held en July 17. July 31 and August 1 of
this year. and petition your Exceilency4to
take" such a course in reference to the
matter as we aeem the exigencies of the
occasion require. . ■
We present herewith sufficient or jtne
testimony adduced at the hearing* before
the board to establish the necessity for
intervention upon your part, for it ha? a.
ways been and it still is our conviction
That the controversy in which Professor
McNaughton has been involved for t.-.e
i>a>t ten years, aside from the questions
of his guilt or innocence, is alone suffi
cient to disqualify him for the nigh omce
cf principal of one of our Normal Scnools.
Wo are sorry that the Board of Trustee?
of the Norn ii School saw lit to evade the
real issue by constituting Itself a tribunal
of judees to inquire into and decide upon
the truth or falsity of the Council Bluffs
charges rather than determine the more
vital questions centering about the wel
fare of the Normal Schoui and the de
mands of the people <>t me State for a
man above all reproach, cf unimpeaehed
inttgritv and of unquestioned scholarship.
Over "and over again we stated to the !
board that in our judgment the truth or
falsitj of the Council Bluffs chareos
could rot be determined at such a great
distance lv time and space from the scene
of events; that many of "the witnesses
were dead, others had moved away and
others may have during the last of the
years forgotten many of the happenings
in Council Bluffs surrounding the resig
nation of Professor McNaughton after '
the charges had en tiled against him
•with the School Board of that city. We
insisted, on the other hand, that Professor
McNaughton's flight from Council l .luft' >
without demanding any Investigation of
the charges before a proper tribunal
should not be taken as a roof of his In
nocence. . but rather that his retreat
Fhoulfi at least be considered as casting
h doubt over the career of Professor Mc-
Xaughton iiled In that city sufficient to
warrant the Board of Trustees of a State
institution in ' fusing to keep such a man
in a high and responsible position In an
important educational institution.
Why should the State of California
rake up the fight of this man. who in
1890 capitulated like a craven before what
h<? says was an unsubstantial foe? There
are many educators whose , cognized
learning, ability ■ :■" character would
lend grr-atness- and stiitgth to the school,
.nil upon on» of these we think should
fall the mantle which has been so worth
ily worn heretofore. We do not say, not
withstanding the effort of the Board of
Trustees to place • in that attitude.
That the Council Bluffs charges are true.
Nor do Tre say they are false. But we
do say that the. State and th»- Normal
School should be relieved It m the neces
sity of mixing up in Professor McNaugh
ton'p scandals.
We submit that the following conclu
sions as stated In our first report to the
Board nf Trustees are fairly, if not ir
refutably deduclble from the "vast amount
of testimony reviewed in the matter.
First— When Dr. ' ' ! ighton was City
Superintendent of Schools at Council
Bluffs; Iowa; the charges referred to
herein were made against him by eight
reputable citizens of Council Bluffs, tiled
with the, School Board and spread upon
The minutes, of such board as a perma
nent record.
Second— Said charges have never been
Investigated by any competent tribunal
or court. ; .>.*.•■■<.'-
Third— We deem It impossible at this
late date and at surh a distance from
rouncll Bluffs to absolutely determine
the truth or falsity of such charges.
Fourth— We . consider that Professor
MrNaughton was relict in not demand-
Ing a full investigation of the charges
made against him before some board or
competent tribunal in Council Bluffs, and
nt a time when the controversy arose or
within a reasonable time <-rr-after.
Fifth— Whether or not Mr. McNaugh
ton is guilty of these charges, the fact
prill remains that he resigned his posi
tion in the far" of them; that although
his accusers were wealthy men. he never
brought suit against any of them for
damages or took any other active steps
to secure a retraction of the same.
CURES
While You Sleep !
/Here relief
from pain, from
nervousness and
/ I 05&. ££ t!ie debility
t $ L rA % which accom-
L^L * < 5 v «rt * panics it. - Here
% Jl lr- J iis\ ip lifelong free-
Tb^Ts:^^!—^--— t A dom from drug-
year i,.- it/ gery and doc- ;
A-^ i &&r tor's blll9. -It is
fSßtfi 3 /^lj a cure at home,
*SM^ \Z-2~~sF&s self and used
\3££a!- \J£j^W*'&t> wmie you sleep.
&&&y^x.^<X£&*?W HI" Electricity
WW^3i>-*^«(SP^ applied by my
new method,
the result of my 20 years' experience.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
ELECTRIC BELT.
Unlike all others, made to cure. You
apply it when you go to bed. You feel
its warming, Invigorating and soothing
currents flowing through your nervous
system and it induces a quief. restful
sleep. You awaken in the morning feel-
Ing refreshed. It gives new life. Call
and see it, or send for my free booklet.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. ; Burdlck
Block, cor. Spring and Second St«., Los An-
K*le».
Office K".'Urs— a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays,
1» to 1. " NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. . i
Sixth— many reputable citizens of
Council Bluffs still contend that the said
charges are true ana that the position
assumed by them is in direct and irre
concilable conflict with the position as
sumed by Professor McNaughton.
Seventh— That this controversy concern-
Ing the character and competency of Pro
fessor McNaughton cannot fall but be
detrimental to the welfare of the Normal
School of San Jose should Professor Mc-
Naughton remain In charge.
Eighth— That Professor McNaughton
should have advised the Board of Trus
tees of the fact that these charges were
at least outstanding against him for the
reason that it is evident that charges of
such a nature are not to be lighuy treat
ed or contemptuously waved aside when
the selection of the principal of a State
Normal School is being made.
— That the reason for the dismissal
of Professor McNaughton from the super
inter.Jer.cy of schools at Council Bluffs
rested in the fact that the charges here
inbefore set forth were made against him.
It Is hardly necessary to enumerate the
charges made by the citizens of Council
Blufts against Professor McNaughton. It
is sufficient for the purpose of this appeal
to merely mention that the records of the
school board at Council Bluffs — certified
copy of which we have and which will
be forwarded to you if you request the
sam« — speak not only of ineompetency as
a teacher and dereliction of duty; not
only of practices constituting violation of
the laws cf the State of lowa, but of what
would be far more serious and unendur
able in a Normal School principal— gross
immorality as a man. In the language
of one of San Jose's best known and most
substantial citizens, contained in a letter
recently sent to a Council Bluffs firm
which was soliciting- testimonials li be
half of Professor McNaughton from every
imaginable source: "If Professor M.'-
Naughton did not realize that such
charges were serious he Is an ignoramus,
and if he did realize their seriousness and
failed to demand an investigation but on
the contrary . • created from them, he is
a moral coward either of which would
disqualify him from being a principal of
a Normal School."
We have acted and are continuing to :
act on the assumption that a man who
would be driven from a city or compelled
to resign a high position rough false ac
cusations is too utterly small to occupy
the position of principal of a normal
school with either credit to himself or to
the school.
There is another and far different phase
of the controversy concerning Professor
McNaughton to which we now desire to
direct your attention. We have said re
specting the Council Bluffs matter that
the mere existence of the charges against
Professor Mi Naughton, and their earnest
and solemn reiteration in letters and in
affidavits to the present day, affords suf
ticient reason to demand his release. Yet
from Tempe, Ariz., a ear and unmis
takable note of warning Is sounded. The
Arizona career of Professor McNaughton,
we tend, proves conclusively to any
one not prejudged in his favor that the
trustees have made a eat mistake in
placing him at the head of the Normal
School.
On one side of the controversy letters
and affidavits were introduced before the
board containing specinc statements of
witnesses as to questions under review,
On the other hand, testimonials of good
character from ministers and others were
presented in Professor McNaughton's be
half. Testimonials in general vouching
for the good character and scholarship of
a person must give way in value and im
portance as evidence of a person's qual;
llcations and character when met by spe
citic definite statements of definite trans
actions and events, and based upon In
dividual knowledge. For instance, when
on one hand a minister of the gospel and
a few citizens of Tempe, Ariz., write In a
general way that Professor McNaughton
is an honorable, scholarly and Christian
gentleman and a good disciplinarian
as a teacher, and on the other
hand letters from his former pu
pils and associate teachers and a
number of citizens enumerate specinc in
stances showing that "open rebellion ex
isted in the Normal School at Tempe dur
ing the past year"; that "Professor Mc-
Naughton intercepted letters that were
directed to J. W. Steltzriede, one of the
pupils of the school"; "that one J. W.
Garnett Holmes was expelled three days
before graduation without parent or
justifiable cause"; "that Professor Mc-
ighton used his authority to compel
the pupils in his school to sign a petition
vouching for hi? (Professor McNaugh
ton's) good character when the Council
Bluffs charges became known in Tempe."
and "that he demanded from those pu
pils who had manhood or womanhood
enough to refuse to sign the reasons for
their course"; "that he was influenced by
considerations of wealth and position In
dealing with his pupils, being partial to
those whose parents could aid him in
his political schemes"; "that he
threatened to discipline some and
bluff or cajole others into sign
ing the petition circulated in his
own school In hie own behalf"; "th I he
used disrespectful language in speaking
of his associate teachers"; "that he used
profane language on one occasion in
speaking of a pupil whose dismissal from
the school he had secured": that he was
"untruthful," "partial in his dealings"
with pupils, and "dishonest." When pu
pils writing at different times and from
different places in this manner of their
observations in the Tempe Normal School
while the same was under the charge of
Professor McNaughton, we certainly
ought to pause in our course and inquire
if California can afford to carry such a
man.
These letters from Arizona bear the
stamp of truth. Young men and young
women are not generally in the business
of libeling worthy teachers. What for*
m*»r student under Professor Allen, Pro
fessor Childs or Professor Randall, or
what university student under Dr. Jor
dan or Professor Kellogg would for an
instant contemplate writing anything
detrimental to the character or compe
tency of these men and purposely spread
: the fame broadcast to the world? So far
as the career of Dr. McNaughton in .Ari
zona Is concerned we have no hesitancy
In saying that the proof— the only com
petent proof— is overwhelming that he is
! a failure as a teacher and disciplinarian
Inasmuch as he did not possess the trust
! and confidence of pupils which a good
; teacher always commands; that he was
: constantly embroiled in disputes with
teachers, students and citizens; that, in
i short, his career has resembled that of
! the politician filled with stormy and In
cessant controversies rather than that of
the scholar, contemplative, serene anu at
peace with his fellow men.
We therefore, in the name of the
Alumni Association of the Normal School
of San Jose, most earnestly petition your
Excellency to intervene in said matter
, In a manner which to you might seem
I most efficient, and trusting: that the re
. sult will be the selection of another per-
I son in the place of Professor McNaugh
! ton as principal of the school. Such Is
our appeal In behalf of the school whose
j destinies have been intrusted to your
i keeping. Very respectfully yours.
JOHN Q. JUNG,
ELI WRIGHT,
F. E. CARLL.
Committee.
STRUCK BY AN ICE WAGON.
Thomas Lewis, a Wealthy Rancher,
Injured at Santa Barbara,
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. IS.— Thomas
: Lewis, a wealthy rancher living near this
| city, was thrown from his carriage this
■ morning ;nd seriously injured a.bout the
head. The- large ice wagon of the L'nlon
[< . i 'ompai.y was crossing State street as
Lewis was •'riving by. and th»- 13-year-otcl
, boy who was driving while the regular
j driver wae ii the rear of the wagon could
I not stop the team.
The tongue of the ire wagon struck
Lewis' carriage, upsetting It and throwing
i Lewis to the street with great force.
I Lewis, who is 75 years of age, recently
I married Miss IJowell. a young women 23
: years of age. This evening he was re
i ported to be In a very critical condition.
To Greet Volunteers.
i BOISE. Idaho. Aug. IS.— Governor Steun
enberg left to-nigh; for San Francisco to
meet the Idaho volunteers. He was ac-
I companled by Sectary of State Patrie.
i Mine Inspector Czizek and Immigration
i Commissioner Bassetu
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
GENERAL JIMINEZ IS
ARRESTED AT CIENFUEGOS
Aspirant for the Presidency of Santo Domingo
Prevented by United States Officers
From Leaving Cuba.
HAVANA, Aug. 18.— In view of the
fact that Colonel Bacallao, chief
of the secret police, persisted to
his declaration that General
Jiminez, the aspirant to the
Presidency of San Domingo, was in
Havana, either not having left or hav
ing returned, the military authorities
telegraphed to Cienfuegoa instructing
Captain Stamper, Collector of Customs
there, to ascertain whether Jiminez was
on the Menondez steamer and to take
him under arrest if that should be the
case. Just as the steamer was about
leaving Cienfuegos Captain Stamper lo
cated Jiminez and arrested him. Jimi
nez denounced the arrest as an outrage.
lit said he had broken no law and
would not yield except by force. Cap
tain Stamper replied that he was ready
to use force if necessary, and Jiminez
then yielded, remarking that he did so
only because he could not help himself.
Senor Frias, Mayor of Cienfuegos, re
fused to make the arrest, claiming that
General Jiminez was an old personal
friend whom h** had known intimately
for years. When Jiminez was taken
into custody Senor Frias was found
with a police inspector in close conver
sation with Jiminez and the latter's
tary. It is believed the Mayor was
urging him to leave the steamer, to
conceal himself and to wait for a better
opportunity.
Captain Btamper informed Jiminez
that he would make him as comfortable
RELIEF FOR THE
STORM-SUFFERERS
Food Being- Distributed
in Porto Rico.
OFFICIAL LIST OF DEAD
DANGER OF AN" EPIDEMIC WAS
OVERRATED.
Captain Wheeler Has Decided to Fur
nish Employment to Men In
stead of Doling Out
Alms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 18.— have
just completed a trip through the
southern and most distressed districts
of the island. The misery is very great
and is more apparent now than it was
immediately after the storm, but the
Government has the famine districts
well in hand and has shown itself com.
petent to deal with the situation.
Relief is being rapidly and effectively
distributed. Each post commander has
received $1000 and limited supplies of
food for distribution. More supplies are
being forwarded as fast as possible.
Each commander has appointed a dis
trict officer, who dispenses food and
money or gives employment.
Mayors of towns receive no money or
supplies, but with scarcely an excep
tion they have rendered valuable as
sistance. Besides a loss of crops the
loss of life has been extremely heavy.
Coming from almost every by road pa
thetically humble funeral processions
are met, the bodies being wrapped in
palm leaves. The majority of the dead
were washed away. The Aibonito dis
trict has suffered severely.
The official figures given by the al
calde are: Killed by the storm, 20;
wounded, 60; houses. destroyed in town
and country surrounding, 1225. The
barracks in Aibonito were totally de
stroyed. Many soldiers had a narrow
escape. One was killed and several
were wounded and one is still missing.
Captain "Wheeler has demonstrated the
advantage of giving work to the suffer
ers instead of doles. On his own au
thority he has spent a portion of the
thousand dollars granted him in em
ploying all available labor. As a re
sult Aibonito to-day is well repaired,
the streets are clean and the people are
contented.
In the country district of Juandlaz.
says the Mayor of that town. 103 per
sons were killed in the storm and many
are ill. The result is much misery.
Provisions are scarce.
In all the country districts reports of
danger from infectious disease have
been exaggerated. The only danger is
from fevers arising from hunger.
In Ponce there may be some infec
tion, but even here the authorities may
be able to keep disease under control if
It breaks out. Army surgeous in all
town are visiting, the Invalids daily.
In all the districts in the island ex
treme poverty is likely to continue for
at least two years.
The whole of Ponce Valley from
Juanadiaz down is a complete ruin.
Trees, houses, piles of river sand,
bodies of cattle and general debris are
scattered everywhere. The highway
cannot be picked out in the midst of
the wreckage and traveling is danger
ous even yet.
In Ponce repairs are being pushed
rapidly. The streets are being cleaned,
but the carts available are not suffi
cient to remove with speed the offen
sive matter deposited by the flood.
Local stores are resuming business.
Telegraphic communication has not yet
been re-established, with San Juan.
♦_ —
SUPPLIES SENT TO
THE DESTITUTE
NEW YORK, Aug. IS.— Relief for the
Porto Rlcans left destitute by the hurrl
j cune was dispatched from New York on
[ the steamer Evelyn. which sailed tur
Ponce, to-day. The supplies consisted
', largely of clothing and medicines.
REPORTS THAT ANDREWS
ISLAND WAS SWEPT AWAY
JACKSONVILLE, Aug. IS.— According
to a Miami dispatch to the Times-Union
and Citizen, Captain Dinon of the steamer
Cocoa slates that the town of Red Bay,
on the Island of Andrews, twenty miles
southwest of Nassau, was swept away
In the recent tropical hurricane and about
300 lives lost. An eye-witness of the storm
estimated that the loss of life on the
, island waa fully 600. Scattered through
j as possible, and after Jiminez and his
secretary had packed their trunks they
were driven, accompanied by the chief
of police and Captain Stamper, to the
; Union Hotel, where two bedrooms and
! a dining-room were placed at their dis
i posal. General Jiminez will be kept
j under police charge until further
j advices are received from the Governor
! General. There is much excitement
• among the people of Cienfuegos over
i the affair.
The sentiment is generally expressed
that the authorities had no right to ar
rest Jiminez, an unarmed citizen, going
: apparently to Santiago de Cuba, and
the point is even made that even if he
| were going to San Domingo he would
j only be returning to his native coijntry.
Senor Aybor, a representative of Jimi
' nez, left Cienfuegos for Santiago last
; Tuesday after remaining at the former
', place ten days. It is beliveed he tried
!to fit out an expedition, as a small
; schooner was found lying outside the
; harbor, supposed to be awaiting a car
i go of ammunition. Aybor had taken out
• clearance papers for Key West several
! days before.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 18.— The
; San Domingo agents are rapidly re
cruiting expeditions in this part of the
island, particularly on the north coast.
. f'rders were received from Havana to
day to hold the men recently captured
j at Baracoa pending an investigation.
All trading schooners are closely
! watched. Yesterday the tug Adonis
] was armed and sent to Guantanamo to
! patrol the coast. It is certain that sev
i eral expeditions have been able to get
! away without interference, but General
the wreck of houses at Red Bay after!
the storm subside d. he said, were hun- |
dreds of corpses of persons of all ages
and classes. Captain Diilon says the wind
blew at the r.i r - '. ninety miles an hour
at Nassau, with an occ;>si'onal gust which
reached a velocity of 106 miles an hour.
PROTECTING GAME
IN MARIN COUNTY
John Smith Arrested on a Charge of
Killing Deer Out of
Season.
PAN RAFAEL. Aug. l«._The Maria
County Fish and Game Protective As
king an active crusade
against violators of the fish and g-ame j
laws and its existence is felt as a strong '
factor in the work of apprehending and
punishing those who are regarded as
to blame for the wanton slaying of deer
and quails. J. Burnell was fined $25
last evening by Justice Rodden for hav
ing a number of quails in his possession
out of season and to-day John Smith
was arrested by Constable W. J. Trea
nor on a charge of selling deor meat.
Smith is the man alleged to have sold
the carcass of a deer to Messrs. Phelps
and Black, two San Francisco Super
visors. They took the meat to a res
taurant and left it there for their own
use. It seems, however, that the res
taurateur was prevailed upon to sell
some of the meat to Fish and Game
Commissioner Vogelsang, with the re- I
suit that he was placed under arrest.
As soon as th>j local authorities
learned of this they went to work to
! find out who sold Phelps and Black the
: meat, and now claim to have evidence
tffat Smith is the man. When an
i to-day he claimed, according to th"
j officers, to have given the carcass of
the deer to the Supervisors.
Smith is y inclined to treat the matter
as a Joke, and when questioned after
his arr.-st jocularly remarked, "I am
Innocent. I haven't seen a deer this
season." The authorities say they their
evidence is positive and that Smith will
have to pay a fine.
ROWING CREWS
ARRIVE IN ASTORIA
Preparations for the Big Regatta and
Field Events Com
" pleted.
ASTORIA, Aug. Preparations for
the regatta meet in this city com
mencing Monday next are about com
plete, and outside oarsmen who ex
pect to compete in the various events
are arriving on every boat and train.
The California steamer brought the
rowing crews from San Francisco and
other California points this morning.
and those from British Columbia and
Puget Sound are expected to-morrow.
The weather has settled, and there is
every indication that the regatta will
be most successful. The city is dec
orated with bunting and a gala ap
pearance is presented everywhere.
The field games of the Pacific North
west Association take place to-morrow.
The majority of the athletes from Se
attle and Tacoma athletic clubs. Uni
versity of "Washington, Seattle Y. M.
C. A. and Multnomah Club of Portland
reached the city to-night.
■
STUDIED BURGLARY IN
SENSATIONAL NOVELS
Odd Confession Made by Two Young
Thieves Arrested in Pasa
dena.
PASADENA. Aug. li.—A lfred Kennedy
and Emil Steizer. two boys belonging to
a gang called the "Ked Flanneled Kids,"
were arrested in Pasadena to-day on a
charge of burglary.
The residences of William Birkel and
Charles H. Richardson of South Moline
avenue and J. W. Richardson on South
Madison were entered on Monday and
Tuesday and all the valuables in the
bouse stolen. Two diamonds, three
watc lies and numerous other articles of
jewelry were stolen. The boys confessed
the crime and said they had learned their
work through reading detective ana
criminal stories.
LONG CRIMINAL LIST.
Cases to Come Up Before the Superior
Court of Solano.
BUISDN, Aug. IS.-The session for hold
ing criminal proceedings in the Superior
Court of Solano County will commence
September 26. The calendar is the longest
one that lias ever been known in the
county. The first case will be that of ex-
Sheriff George S. McKenzie for the mur
der of Alfred Cook in Napa County. The
other cases are: H. H. Burtt, assault
with intent to murder; Ed Haley, assault
with intent to murder; J. Kelly, assault
with a deadly weapon: Mrs. Ichbertz and
Ft. Northrop, grand larceny. There are
also two cases for burglary.
Fatal Bubonic Plague.
OPORTO, Aug. IS.— lt is now acknowl
edged that the bubonic plague began here
on June 14 last, since which time there
have been thirty-nine cases, thirteen
proving fatal.
Leonard Wood, the military Governor,
is determined to do all in his power to
enforce neutrality.
WASHINGTON. Aug. IS.— lt devel
oped to-day that the orders given to the
gunboat Machias, directing her to pro
ceed to Santiago de Cuba and then
cruise along the north coast of Cuba
in the vicinity of Baracoa, were sent
at the request of the War Department,
which has telegraphic information of a
large filibustering expedition whose
destination is San Domingo. There
is a dlsnosition to believe that It is thi«
expedition which Jiminez hoped to take
to San Domingo.
General Brooke and Commander Lo
gan have been advised that the neu
trality laws of the United States must
I be observed, and there is no intention
' on the part of this Govern
ment of permitting San Domin
, go to again infer that the
\ Tnited States winked its eye at
filibustering expeditions, as appeared to
: be the case when the Fanita was used
j by Jiminez in his expedition of a year
i or so ago.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 18.—Ad
! vices from San Domingo say the Gov
j eminent there is growing desperate,
apprehensive of the arrival of Jiminez,
leader of the revolution, who is momen
tarily expected. His arrival, it was
added, will completely turn popular
• opinion, w*hich has been partly unde
cided. Consequently the chief object of
the Government is to intercept Jiminez,
! and a number of armed vessels are pa
: trolling the coast with orders to search
j every strange vessel and capture Jimi
-1 nez under any flag, armed or not.
AN IDAHO TOWN
LAID IS RUINS
Placerville Swept Out of
Existence.
HUNDREDS ARE HOMELESS
BLAZE STARTED BY THE OVER
TURNING OF A LAMP.
Loads of Previsions and Tents Sent
to Sufferers From
Boise and Idaho
City.
.Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho, Aug. 18.— A special
from Idaho City says: Placerville,
Idaho, is in ruins to-nlgrht. A fire
started at about 7 o'clock this evening
in the Veasey Hall from an overturned
lamp. For over four hours the fire
raged furiously and the flames at this
hour (11:30) are still dancing like spec
ters over the embers, lighting up spas
modically the awful gloom through
which peer dozens of homeless and
heart-sick people. With the exception
<>f a few residences the town is wiped
out.
The business portion is completely
destroyed, together with a number of
residences in the main portion of the
town. It is impossible to secure all the
details to-night, as the telephone wires
are down. All the information has come
from Centerville, which is seven miles
west of this place, and about four miles
east of Placerville. The fire originated
in the hall owned by John Yeasey. The
interior of the place was soon ablaze,
and the flames burst through. The
t<uvn had no fire protection, and all the
water that could be secured was from
wells. The hall burned like tinder and
in. a short time the fire had spread to
adjoining buildings.
The rows of wooden buildings fur
nished excellent food for the flames,
while they met with practically no re
sistance. Idaho City has sent three
wagon loads of provisions and clothing
and a dozen wagon loads of tents, pro
visions, etc., have been started from
Boise. Thj loss is estimated all the
way from $300,000 to $500,000. with very
little insurance. Placerville was one of
the oldest towns in the State, having a
population of between 600 and 700. The
town sprang Into existence during the
early placer excitement.
HARQUAHALA MINES
AGAIN CHANGE HANDS
A. D. Hubbard Purchases the Famous
Property and Expects to
Make It Pay.
REDLAN'DS, Aug. 18.— The Harqua
hala mines near Yuraa, Ariz., have
again become the property of A. D.
Hubbard, the millionaire miner of Red
lands. Once before Hubbard owned
these famous mines. One bar shipped
to San Francisco worth $98,000 was the
largest gold bar ever sent from an Ari
zona mine.
In 1593 Hubbard sold the mine for
$1,250,000, the purchasers being an
American corporation organized under
the laws of Minnesota, the majority of
th" stock being owned by English capi
talists. It was officered by high-sal
aried, foreigners, inexperienced in min
ing, and run three years without pay
ing. For three years past it has been
leased and poorly managed. Hubbard
has faith in these mines and is a
shrewd expert mining engineer.
IDENTITY OF A
TRAIN-ROBBER KNOWN
CARLSBAD, N. M., Aug. IS.— lt is now
know nthat the man captured here Tues
day last after a hard fight is one of the
robbers who held up the Colorado and
Southern train near Folsom on July 14.
His name Is McGinnis. He was badiy
wounded in the fight with the posse at
Cimarron and was thought to have been
killed. His partner, who escaped. Is
named Franks. The last report from the
posse pursuing him is that they are close
on his trail about 100 miles northwest of
here. Franks is evidently heading for
Arizona. The men came into Southeast
ern New Mexico to secure horses left at
a ranch by them in May. These horses,
it is alleged, were stolen previously some
wher in Arizona.
Women Enfranchised.
PERTH, Western Australia. Aug. 18.—
The Executive Council of Western Aus
tralia to-day passed a bill enfranchising
women.
OFFICERS FOR THE
NEW REGIMENTS
BEING SELECTED
Secretary Root Plans to Con=»
duct the Campaign Vig=
orously.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Secretary
Root was busily engaged the greater
part of the day in selecting officers to I
fill the new regiments, going over the \
• lists of names that have been submitted
j with recommendations for appoint
i ments, and considering their efficiency
records during the Spanish war. The
Secretary is giving the matter *of the
' selections special attention and the list
is prepared in his private office. After
the selections are made by the Secre
tary they will be sent to the President
for his approval.
Preparations continue actively in the
matter of arranging for the speedy
transportation of the troops to the
'■ Philippines. The Quartermasters De
i partment has been considering the ad- j
'• viaability of chartering more trans- j
> ports on the Pacific Coast. Already the j
ships chartered make it possible to send
! nearly all the organizations now
j formed by September 25, instead of two
i weeks later, which was the schedule
1 first shown to Secretary Root. The
I transports Logan and Thomas are now
! being fitted up on the Atlantic coast,
! and it is expected they will be ready
to sail by the middle of October and
will take three regiments via the Suez
canal. At the latest calculation it is
now believed to be possible to land all
the new regiments in the Philippines by
I the first of December or very soon after
i that date.
Seven of the lieutenant colonels
i named yesterday are now serving in
; the Philippines. They will remain there
' and await the arrival of their, regi
| ments. While it may not be necessary
to use all the troops in the Philippines,
it is understood to be the plan of Sec
retary Root to have a sufficient force,
not only to defeat the insurgents at:
' every point but to garrison and hold
! the places that may be taken, and thus
insure a safe line of communication.
The map which has been prepared for :
| Secretary Root, showing the location of
the troops in the Philippines, has been
completed, and is also accompanied by
a statement explaining how this force
is divided under the generals com
manding the divisions. The first divis
ion, commanded by General Lawton, is
south of Manila and consists of the fol
lowtng troops: Fourth, Thirteenth,
Fourteenth, Twenty-first. Twenty -
fourth and Twenty-fifth Regiments of
', Infantry: the First Washington, First
i Wyoming, part of the Fourth Cavalry:
Battery F. Fourth Artillery; Battery F,
Fifth Artillery; Battery D. Sixth Ar
tillery, and Hawthorne's Mountain Bat
tery." Th" 3 second division, commanded
by "General Mac Arthur, is north of Ma
nila and consists of the following:
Third, Ninth, Twelfth, Seventeenth,
; Twenty-second and Thirty-sixth Regi-
I ments of Infantry; the Fifty-first
lowa- Twentieth Kansas. Light Bat
■ tery E, First Artillery, a battalion of
the" Third Artillery and part of the
Fourth Cavalry. The provost guard of
i Manila consists of the Twentieth In
fantry and eight foot batteries of the
Sixth Infantry-
The garrisons in the other islands
are- Panay— Eighteenth Infantry. First
Tennessee. Battery G. Sixth Artillery-
NegTOS— Sixth Infantry. Cebu— One
battalion Twenty-third Infantry. Jolo
—Two battalions Twenty-third Infan-
, tr >'- .
KILLED AND WOUNDED
IN PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. Aug. IS.— General
Otis to-day cabled the list of killed and
wounded:
MANILA, Aug. 18.— Adjutant General.
Washington: „, . _
Killed— Near San Fernando, Ninth In
fantry. August 9, K. William F. Munsen;
near'Bustos Third Infantry, 14th, F,
Charles A. Brooks.
Wounded— Near San Fernando. Twelfth
Infantry. 9th, F, Corporal William Barnes.
arm slight; M. George Plummer. abdo
men" severe; Fifty-first. E. Second Lieu
tenant Lamont A. Williams, leg, severe:
Twenty-second Infantry. H. \\ uliam
Kneisfer. leg. moderate: Seventeenth In
fantry. H, Corporal Samuel H. Lamb,
thiph* severe; loth. E, William Rupel,
chest! moderate; 13th, G. George W.
Sharp forearm, moderate; Ninth In
fantry. 9th, D. James Linton. neck, slight;
G. George H. B. Straus, neck, severe. At
Angeles. C. Richard E. KVcnan, leg. se
vere- 13th, I, Henry P. Shirloh. foot, mod
erate. At Santa Rita. 12th. E. James E.
Brown forearm, slight. Near San Mateo.
Twenty-fourth Infantry. E. Louden Ware,
head slight: near Quinquia. Third Infan
try 13th, William B. Foster, leg, severe.
\' fLngeles, First Artillery, E, William
Gartz, lee, moderate. OTIS.
HOOKER'S HOLD
IS FULL OF WATER
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— A Sun cable
from Manila says: The former Spanish
gunboat Espana is assisting in the
work of attempting to float the United
States cable steamer Hooker, which is
ashore on a reef in Corregidor harbor.
The Hooker is badly damaged and her
hold is full of water.
CAVALRY ON THE
WAY TO MANILA
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. IS.— Troops O.
E and F of the Third Cavalry, under com
mand of Major Wessel, arrived this aft
ernoon and joined the other troops of the
regiment at Camp Robinson. The trans
port St. Paul, which will carry the regi
ment to Manila, is due from San Fran
cisco. ______^____
FEVER EPIDEMIC
IS GREATLY FEARED
American Colony at Metlaltoyuca, Not
Far Distant From Tuxpan,
Mexico, Is Threatened.
TAMPICO. Mexico, Aug. 18.— The yel
low fever epidemic at Tuxpan, a sea
port south of here, is spreading rapidls'.
There have been over fifty deaths from
the disease and many new cases are
reported daily. Tuxpan is only a
| short distance from the large American
colony Metlaltoyuca, and it is feared
here that the epidemic has already
reached this colony.
CHINESE DENIED A
WRIT THEY SOUGHT
Grew of the Transport Victoria Re
fused a Landing at Seattle Must
Return to Hongkong.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. I&— United
States District Judge Hanford to-day de
nied the application of the Chinese ,crew
of the transport Victoria for a writ of
habeas corpus. In view of the fact that
the crew is not permitted to land here on
account of the exclusion law. the court
concludes that It would b« putting the
Government to unnecessary expense to
transport them to Hongkong.
The agents of the vessel furnished a
I bond pledging that they would discharga
the crew at Manila and send them to
Hongkong, where they shipped.
FEDERAL TROOPS
DEFEAT THE REBELS
Indications That the Revolt in. Ven
ezuela Will Be Quelled and
Peace Restored.
BOGOTA, Aug. IS.— Latest advices
from Venezuela say that the revolu
tionary forces have been completely de
feated by the Government troops. This,
| and the fact that energetic measures
! were recently taken by the Colombian
I Government in the recent attempt at
j revolution, will be conducive to quiet
j ness in this country.
CRISIS APPROACHING
IN THE CANAL BILL
Threat Is Made That the Crown's Re
lations to Conservatives May
Be Changed.
BERLIN, Aug. IS.— The National
Zeitung to-day says that information,
which it deems authoritative, is that if
yesterday's action on the. canal bill Is
confirmed at the third reading a de
cisive turn of internal policy and the
Crown's relations to the Conservatives
will occur.
NATIVFS PREPARING
FOR TROUBLE IN SAMOA
APIA, Samoa, Aug. 10. via Auckland.
Aug. 19.— Although the general situation
is quiet the 111-feeling between the na
tives continues ami further trouble is
feared. They are busy maKing copra (the
dried kernel of the cocoanut), and it is
reported that they are hoarding money to
build boats and buy arms. Mataafa has
addressed a letter to the Samoan Com
missioners. He urges that there should
be no killing and suggests that Dr. Solf,
German President of the municipality of
Apia, be the head of the Government
It is reported that Mataafa himself will
be elected Governor, but this rumor lacks
confirmation.
The British third-class cruiser Tauranca
has sailed for Sydney. N. S. W.
•
WOLPSONS ESTATE.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. IS.— The Publlo
Administrator has asked for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Aaron Wolf
son, late of St. Louis, a travelinff man,
who committed suicide !n this city three
weeks ago. The estate consists of a $10.
--000 insurance policy.
It is said WolCbod took out the policy in
the name of a young lady whom he in
tended to marry- The match was broken
off and Wolf son committed suicide Bhortly
after.
RAILROADS AT WAR.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 18.— The forces
uniting in the boycott of the Kansas
City, Pittsburg and Gulf road were
, augmented this afternoon by the Bur
' lington lines west of the Missouri
I River and the Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul roads, these lines having
served notice on the Gulf road of the
cancelling of all joint freight tariffs.
m
TO GREET UTAH TROOPS.
BAT/T LAKE, Aug. I?.— The city is
Bayly decorated to-night and people are
here from every part of the State to
greet the returning soldiers of the Utah
Artillery which will arrive here to
morrow morning from San Francisco.
An extensive programme has been ar
ranged and the street parade will prob
ably be the largest ever seen in the
city.
♦
Suicide of a Pioneer.
T.OS ANGELES, Aug. IS.— Marsha!
Franklin, 6S years of age, who came to
: California in 1^49. committed suicide by
\ shooting himself in the heart this morn
; ing. He was single and had been work
ins: as a gardener. He had been drink
ing heavily.
Grand Recorder Disappears.
SEATTLE, Aug. I?.— Grand Recorder J.
M. Piekens of the A. O. U. W., Washing
ton jurisdiction, disappeared from Seattle
on August 10. Officials of the Grand Lodga
admit that they have discovered a short
aee of about $1000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-- ' . IT*
«g^ "Those we
.^fcSfc Leave Behind."
Men are care-
er Mml/vV less about their
rf, Mam&Sk. lives for tbdr
%f v* Ju§RP%5&? own sakes, but
t A Jt' ''*tts%£&3 tender man
*'f^^'*^sN&&& should think
6&\k*^ KslkL should tki^ ! f
A "^x. Avi^M °^ tiosehe
J^O^J r^^^ leaves behind
I^^ sorrow and
W^V^w^s^P !i)l without him.
aHjift W._ mJJmJ"! man should re-
*mWp Y r^g*^*^ gard his health
<i£ as a precious
V> treasure not to
be thrown away or spent and scattered
in vain.
If any man's health is weakened or
wasted, or running down, he should take
the right means to build himself up strong
and well, so that he can both live and care
for those he loves. He should investigate
the virtues of that great remedy, the
"Golden Medical Discovery'" originated
by Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consulting phy-
sician of the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y. It is a remedy
that makes a man thoroughly well by giv-
ing power and capacity to the digestive and
assimilative organs. It makes healthy in-
vigorating biood out of the food he eats
It gives him strength and energy to put
into his daily task. It builds up hard mus-
cular flesh and nerve fiber, revitalizes the
tissues of the throat and lungs, heals in-
flammation, purges the blood of bilious
poisons and makes a man, strong, vigorous
and hardy. %
"My husband had been sick a long time,"
writes Mrs. J. W. Brittin, of Clinton, Dewitt Co.,
Ills. (Box 475), " had doctored with home phy-
sicians and even went to Chicago and consulted
a doctor there but without receiving any help.
He went to th* hospital and was operated on
and after three months came home to die (as the
doctors here thought), but after awhile he com-
menced to take your wonderful medicine, the
'Golden Medical Discovery ' and now, thanks to
your most welcome medicine, he can eat any-
thin? he wants and is again a well man."
No remedy relieves constipation so
quickly and effectively as Dr. Pierce'a
Pleasant Pellets. They never gripe.
34
"PLUNGER" DOYLE IS
STILL AT LIBERTY
Man of Many Aliases Manages to Keep Out
of the Clutches of the Police.
Detectives Struck Several Times What They Con
sidered to Be Hot Trails, Only to Fail in
Putting Their Hands on the Fugitive,
CHAKI..KP DOYLE, the man of i
; . ), wanted for swin-
riling Millionaire Willard Reed
,- ..
aver, still manages to
I out of Jail, How much long-
ill continue to do so is probleraat-
.... but the pol ti he
tar away and ultimately will tali
mas Gibson and EIUs put
g . ■:■: busy day yesterday In the
f( r the fugitive, and several times
I ■ wen gladdened by appearances that
<! a "hot trail," only to Jind fail-
•II;.: George Adams, one of
Howard's Btrikers, was closeted for an
hour durir.R the afternoon with Chief
L^es, presumably supplementing his
of the day before concerning
rd's plots and plans and the A.us-
tralian thugs ' the plunger" had em-
try them out Chief I.ees re-
give out any Informal
revelationa of Adams beyond
he statemen "There is nothing new."
"Tedi . former' manager
if the [jugrllists, Joe Goddard and Griffo,
,va* al! rj of
tan c with Jlmmie Murphy, Jim-
nic Kelly and Jackie Casey, as published
.; days ago m The Call, was re-
: the benefit of the head \
P< . Department, and he was
tllowed to depart.
method known to the department |
PATERSON ARRAIGNS
OPPOSING COUNSEL
BIGELOW AND TITUS COME IN
FOR A ROAST.
Accused of Selfish Conduct in a Case
Which Involved Large Interests
of Napa County People.
\
Ex-Supreme Justice Van R. Paterson j
rday before Judgt- \
unce certain actions of the j
r.rm oi tr & Titus in no- measured
terms. v- erday Judgi Paterson came
isrt in answer to a summons to tax
tion in the case of Dow- '
}*-\] vs. Carpy et al., a suit Involving re
■.antitles of Napa County
i ale to the Supreme Court
1 en taken in the case.
the court
il during his connection with
is thi n presentative of
ilalnttff he had become aware of certain
of pra< tice adhered to by the coun
lants which in his opin
on the public and tin bar should know, i
the > ars of thia litigation, ;
.... "we hay been In the habit of
■nterlng Into stipulations granting •
ill the time necessary for the proper
itation < f our cases. The last judg
ment in the case was in our favor, and
is an appeal was to be taken to the Su
i ourt it was necessary thai proper
be prepan d. l understood that 1
■ - have proper time, but on the very
lay i was Informed that opposing
:ounsel would not gi ■■: ■ me a farther
igh n. > s..n wi.s In tn t very shadow
nd 1 had been up with him for
having no time in which to
1 rang up the firm
md was refused further time. In despair
I hurried to the Supreme Court, fortu
nately found four Justices and secured
ary stay. I deem it my duty
en that all
ing and prepare for similar
: : •■.. I ment."
Mr Titus was in court, but he <iid not
Paterson w Ing to j
am.
rown Talk
Jew-baiting Is a topic treated editorially
wn Talk this week, and other .sub
■ ■ : > tptnion" are equally as in
ting. Alfred Metzger In the musical
irses ui».n the Increase of
- ami in tht- dramatic
columns Sarah Conneli writes of stage
There is a poem by Louis A.
and a story translated from the
German by Ircsi.- CooneU. Exclusive I'a
.p is a f'-ature ot the '*Baun
terer," and tht- story Is told of a Btudent
who is cutting a dash In the pay capital.
Bom< ill Mr. and Mrs. Charles
T. Yerfces are recounted and the latest
news o£ local interest is given.
Town Talk, th< newsiest weekly in Call*
fornia, onlj W cents at aU dtulc-rs. •
■ ♦ .
SCOTT'S BIRTHDAY
FITTINGLY OBSERVED
St. Andrew's Society Celebrates His
128 th Anniversary With Musical
and Literary Exercises.
The one hundred and twenty-eighth an
niversary of the birth of Sir Walter Scott
was observed by the St. Andrew's Society
last night with literary and musical exer
cises. The affair was held in Scottish
Hall, which was prettily decorated for the
occasion. The programme, which was ex
clusively Scotch in character, was en
joyed by the members and friends of the
organization, who filled the hall to over
flowing. Selections from the great Scotch
author's novels and poems were rendered
during the evening by sweet singers and
clever elocutionists. :•";•■' "■•:.
President James S. Webster acted as
chairman, and in a ueat speech welcomed
the audience In the name of his society.
The following programme j was enthu
siastically received by those present:
Part I — Song, "Bonnie Dundee," Robert
Blair; recitation, "Parting of Marmlon and
Douglas," i£lsie A. Duncan; song,- "My Harm-
Is Where the Heather Blooms." Miss Marian
Cummlnge; song. "Roy's Wife of Alblballoch."
quartet. Mrs. Julius Klein. Mrs. 11. Clarke.
George St. John Bremner and Robert Blair
- 11 :.»:. Mrs. H. Clark.
Part ll— Song, "Soldier. Rest," Mrs,. Julius
Klein; reading, "Waverly," Dr. J. Wilson
Phiels; song, "Lady Maud end Mabel Lindsey. '
George St. John Bremner; song, "Oh. Hush
Thee. My Baby." quartet; song "Ca' the Ewes
to the Knows," Miss Marian Cummlngs; wild
time from "Ivanhoe." by the orchestra.
Dancing followed until a late hour. The
floor committee was composed of James
Moffatt, Andrew McNair and A. R. Pat
terson.
—■ ♦ ■
T7«v» Ynn Scon
The Sparks and I*ooker-On columns of
this week's News-Letter? •
. ♦ »
COULDN'T FIND THE GAS JET.
A. S. Baldwin Nearly Suffocated in
the Telephone Room of His Office.
A, B. Baldwin of the firm of Baldwin & '
Rowell had an experience last night that
■ toon forget It included a gas
I wo anxious relatives and a patrol i
wagon.
win had born dining out and had
nto his office to telephone home that
h< waa coming out to the house later. The
was dark, and when he made his
way to the telephone room he lit the gas i
there "While tailing the receiver from '
ak he put out the light, but did not
turn off the ga.s, and by the time he had ,
;i the bouM the escaping gas had
:.;>rl> i\ i rnowvred him. He to!d his,
frightened wife that he was suffocating j
and that ho could not find his way out of ,
oom nor stop the flow ut gas and j
that he needed help at once. A patrol i
n was hurriedly pent for and Mrs. i
■in and her father rode down in a
hack to the office at 10 Montgomery street. ■
They found that Baldwin had broken the ,
sliuss in the door of the telephone room {
is beirg used to locate Howard, but so
Ear unsuccessfully, and the detectives
v .•-•■ a> .-..p.:-.. :._m last night as they
were the night before that they would
brtng lhpir £ an wUn „ rcmnd- turn in
short order. Their Impression now stems
to be that he !s out of the city, bui not
f i" away. He if* probably prostrated
fro ™ the pressure that has been brought
to boar upon him and will He perdu un
tn / uch t>mo as he feela strong enough
to face the music.
A dispatch received yesterday from
Stockton was to the effect that detective*
were watching the house of John Herd
on Victoria Island, a few miles from that
city, <>n tlv supposition that "the plung
er" might be In hiding there. Herd is a
well-known mining' man. president of tru-
Old River Land and Reclamation Com
pany, with offices at 320 Bansonte street
In this city, said to be interested with
Doyle, alias Howard, in several mining
fl<
It is said that it was Herd's indorse
ment on Howard's note that Attorney W.
\ Beatty. of the counsel for the man of
many aliases, offered as security tc»
Green's attorney to secure an extension
of time from sixty to ninety days In
which the Australian agreed to pay
$53,000 to square accounts with the Den
ver millionaire. Whether or not this of
for was authorised by Herd is not known.
Up to a late hour Howard had been
located neither in this nor any other
city.
md so secured some air. He was badly
overcome but a few minutes in the open
.::■ revived him sufficiently to allow of
lis going home in the hack. The patrol
vagon was sent back to the station.
■ ♦ ■
CUT HIS THROAT
Boiler-Maker Oanty Killed Himself
Because He Was a Drunkard.
\Y. W. Canty, a boiler-maker, f>s years
old, committed suicide yesterday after
noon by cutting his threat in a cabin in
I the rear of IMO Nevada avenue. He had
I been drinking heavily for the past few
' clays and was last seen alive at B o'clock
yesterday morning. *>n Sunday night
i Charles Clock gave him $3 50 with winch
to go to Shasta County and secure work.
Canty left the following note, written
with bad pencil on a piece of brown
wrapping paper:
: I have lost all my friends and havp nothing
■to live for I am suffering from too murh
| drink and I must end it. W. W. CANTY.
Canty cut his throat while sitting in a
chair. The remains were taken to the
Mr cue.
HOW'S THAT, UMPIRE?
Visiting Pacific Eleven Easily Defeats
Santa Cruz Country Club—Pa
cifies at Alameda.
The Pacific eleven will meet the Ala
meda team on the Alameda grounds to
morrow for the fifth time during the prts
ent season; The Alamedas will be without
the service* of G. J. Baugh and Harold
Ward. Their representatives will be the
following: J. J. R. Peel, J. H. Saunders,
Georg«> Hellmann. F. Croll, B. Bird. V.
Seebeck. F. C. Driffleld, S. H. Head, I. E.
McLean, P. Stahl and J. J. Moriarty. T'.ie
Pacifies will put a strong team Into i!i •
Held: J. Myers. C. Simmonds, Fam Sew
• 11, H. C. Casidy, C. P. • \'i< s, J. J. Theo
bald, J. H. Harbour, \\ . McDonald,
Th> ■ I alfl, E. F. Mubsoq awl A.
\V. Wilding.
Last Saturday an eleven of the Pacific
Club visited Santa Cruz on the Invitation
of the Santa <ruz Country Club, which en
tertained them hospitably during their
stay. On Sunday a cricket match n ifl
played on a ground near the ocean, which,
though bare of grass, is level. The pitch
was of matting laid on thf- earth, and was
a true one. Captain George Theobald won
the toss fur the Pacifies and sent the Santa
Cruzans to the bat. None of the !-> .:\
batsmen except A. J.nkins, who BC I
2.5, and J. 11. Coope, who contributed it
made any stand against the howling of
Sewell and Slmmonds, the former of
whom took three wickets for is and the
latter Jive for 17 runs. The innings closi 1
for the moderate total of C 7 runs. The
Pacifies opened their innings with c. Si:n
monds* and J. Myers, but the latter ••■ as
bowled by Jenkins for 0. Then Sewell
joined Simmonds and runs cam-- rapidly
Sewell was caugbi after be hud scored
32, C. Simmonds made til and J. Haxboi r
(So; A. G. Sheath, a well known torn r
member of the Bohemian Cricket Club
was not out 22. When four wickets were
down for 134 runs the Innings was de
clared closed, and Santa Cruz was sent in
for the second time. At call of time Santa
Cruz had scored 13 for the loss of 'wo
wickets. The match thus ended in an easy
victory for the visitors by six wickets anil
127 runs.
Not much progress has so fnr been made
witii regard to the proposed visit of a
'-:.•,: Ined team of city players to Keswirk
Shasta County, to play against the Moun
tain Copper Company Cricket Club The
keswirk men are desirous to receive -i
vlsitine team.
DOG OWNERS AND THEIR PETS.
Adrien Agrieole Gilbert, whose fame as
an epicure excels his renown a? a spaniel
breeder, has astonished his Friends by his
appearance In the latter character. Mr.
Gilbert's Mack cocker, Jessie, has
whelped a fine litter of six. Jessie is a
typical ci.cker and her puppies give prom
ise of resembling their dam.
H. G. Hemelright's bull terrier, Powhat
tnn Lady, has been bred to R. H. Roun
treo"s Tnbasco.
Two of the Verona kennel's pointers are
to go East shortly to contest a match
with a couple of Eastern cracks Sams
Bow j n<l Plain Sam's Son are the tw*>
champions who will defend the honor of
this coast.
Thomas Howard, who w-is foremrlv a
prominent breeder of smooth fox terriers
is going in for the Irish "varmint killer"
and has bought J. B. Martin's fine djc
Barney Fagan. with Frank Holmes' pur
chase, Mrs. Hooper's importations and
others the Irish terrier seems to be the
recipient of much popularity.
The recent wholesale poisoning of «rrev
hounda in Los Angeles has induced lovers
of courf.inpr to form n protective associa
tion. Two hundred and fifty dollars has
been cTfcied as a reward for"the detection
and j.inrshment of the miscreants
Henry H. Carlton, the genial and popu
lar secretary of the San Francisco Kennel
Club, is about to move to the country for
his health. Mr. Carlton's friends "have
been much concerned at his long and
vere illness. Mr. Carlton Is slowly r«W'n"
it.g -strength. He Intends to indulge h ■
nit tor Boston terriers and cocker
spaniels to the fullest extent. His country
Quarters will witness his debut as -i
breeder of a rather large variety for hn
has acquired from J. P. Norman 'the lat
ter'B mastiff bitch. Hebe Montez by Chi
no Don, out of Lola, and will "probably
L. Campbell's Harrymore. U
w ; J v, p - Btrachan'a smooth-coated fox
terrier Golden Sunshine has been bred to
J. P. Martin's Golden Flash II
FOOTBALL ELEVENS ASSEMBLING.
Manager Mumma of the University of '
] California football team and Everett j
Brown, ex-manager, wre in consultation
' recently over the forthcoming season.
{ Brown was giving Mumma the benefit of
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1599.
THE CHINESE QUARTER IS PURGED
OF ITS ARMY OF EVIL SPIRITS
Annual Soy Yee Devil
Drive a Howling
Success*
c==3YlL, spirits that infest the alleys
E=O of Chinatown will awake this
• „..,», .»,„♦ .......Mil
morning with that erblal
V=3 tired feeling, a dark brown taste
and the conclusion of having ex
perienced a bad night, last night, for the
annual festival of Soy Yee was on and
annual i \-,i iv, tv,A nnnrter turned out
thrive* he devH out of Setr midst. The
to dri\e the ae\ii oui (, ,  \rmv at
nightly
the corner of J^kson and ■ Kearn >
pales in c o m .P ar j. so " th bv th t e he Chinese
charge made last ni^ht by the^mnese
his experience, acquired in two years
management, and will be at hand to help
out in case of necessity. Never was there
so much attempted by the California
management before. Word has jus been
received from the two coaches that tnej
will be here by the Ist of September. Gar
rett Cochran. head coach, is In New- Mex
ico. "King" Murphy is at P r ' nce . ton t^
present, but he will leave there during the
week and visit Cochran. The two will
then journey to California together and
establish quarters with the football men
at the new football training house.
The University of California team will
return in a body, with the exception of a
linesman and Than* . the little quarter
back, who made a reputation for himself
in a single year. The team will go Into
training at once. Among the new men
entered this year are Cook. Robertson,
Symmes of the Lowell high School, Hud
eon and Stillman. , :
The season at Stanford will not begin
until a week or two hence, when the work
will be taken up in earnest. Coach ham
berlain will arrive at Palo Alto the Rrst
week in September. Special Inducements
will be offered the Olympic Club by the
college men for. winning games. The
Olympic Club is busy in a quiet way gath
ering material for their team, and if dis
appointment does not stand In their way
the athletic clubmen will bring together
the strongest kind of a team. The club
will support the eleven, and a series of
matches will be arranged with the college
teams.
■ ♦ «
WHEELMEN WILL RACE ON THE ROAD.
The Hay City Wheelmen will hold a five
;. , . handicap road race to-morrow fore
li( n .,, over the San LeandrorHaywards
coins.;. The rulers and spectators will go
■ on the 9 a. m. broad gauge boat.
The Bay CltyS' postponed picnic run to
the Sala'zar ranch will be held on Septem-
The California Cycling Club will hold a
moonlight run to Mount Eden to-night,
taking the 8 P- m. broad gauge boat and
train to Fruit vale.
The Olympic club "Wheelmen of this
city and "the Reliance Club Wheelmen of
Oakland will have a joint run to Lake
Chabol to-morrow under Captains Spil
lane and Peckham. This Is an annual
event with these two clubs and is usually
productive of much enjoyment.
11 Austin c.oddard, a will-known mem
ber'of the Bay City Wheelmen and win
t the Qoddard-Battles match race of
two years ago, is in the cltv again en
 u te to China. Mr. Qoddard has been in
the East the past six months and brings
late tidings about the new bicycle trust,
to the effect that it is practically orga
nized and ready for business. This means
the consolidation of all i.v- large plants.
and thereby a lessening of the cost of pro
duction, which should mean a lower price
to the consumer.
A P Swain of the Acme Club, ex-presi
dent of the association, was married in
Oakland on August 15 to Miss Matilda
Gurnett They are spending their honey
moon In the southern part of the State.
__ ■ ♦ ■
CYCLING RECORD BROKEN.
Tom Linton, Motor Paced, Makes a
Fast Ten Miles.
BOSTON, Aug. 18.— Three thousand peo
ple at Charles River Park to-night saw
Tom Linton ride the ■ fastest ten miles,
motor paced, that have ever been made,
his time being 16:57 2-5. thus taking 3 4-5
seconds from the previous world's record,
which was held by himself. ' - 1 " •.',"•
The professional half-mile championship
was an easy win for Major Taylor in slow
The amateur races proved the most in
teresting contests, and Moran and Good
son were the particular stars. Summaries:
Five-mile national championship, ama
teur—Won by James Moran, Chelsea; O.
W Weber, Milwaukee, second; Ben Good
son, Australia, third. Tim©, .11:26 2-5.
Half-mile national championship, pro
fessional-Won by Major Taylor; Charles
McCarthy, St. Louis, second;. J. Bowler,
Chicago, third. Time 1:15.
Half-mile amateur handicap— Won by
Lester Wilson, Bambridge, scratch; \V. A.
Ladue. New York, 10 yards, second. Time,
I*o2 '
One-third mile, national handicap cham
pionship amateur— Ben Goodson, Austra
lia, won; E. W. Peabody, Chicago, second.
Time, 43 2-5. . '■ _
Five-mile match pursuit race— J. F.
Starbuck. Philadelphia, won, defeating
Weise Hammer," Philadelphia. Distance,
three and a half miles. Time. 8:51. - : -.,,
Five-mile club team pursuit race, ama-
Chelsea Cycle Club of Chelsea won;
Chicago Cycling Club second. Time, 10:38.
10:38 ' __^~
JOCKEY IS KILLED.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 18.— An accident that
resulted In the death of Jockey George
Lynch happened in the last race at the
Fair Grounds to-day. In going around the
first turn Bloodhound, on which Lynch
had the mount, was crowded and went
down, rolling over the jockey. He sus
tained a concussion of the brain and his
chest was badly crushed. He died on the
way to the hospital.
New Water Company.
FALLDROOK STATION, Aug. 18.—
The Domestic Water Company of Fall
brook was incorporated to-day -with a
capital stork of $25,000, divided into 1000
shares of ?25 each, of which amount
$2500 was subscribed. The directors are
F. W. Bartlett, J. O. Wsitkins, M. M.
Moulton, J. C. Waring and Dr. Albert
Ross. This company takes an option
on 2000 shares of the Fall brook Water
Company, which secures the placing of
about 400 Inches of water from the pro
posed Pauba reservoir. . Citizens guar
antee the interest for five/years.
evil spirits In true Oriental fashion,
and now there are several bugaboos
floating: around somewhere out of a job.
Punks burned on every window-sill, and
even watermelon rinds wore pressed into
service to hold' the smoldering sticks
whose smoke was perfume to the nostrils
of the Chinamen, but death to the devil.
At the opening of every alley stood a
flimsy; variegated joss to whom the
parsing Celestials paid due homage. It
resembled a rainbow tinted nightmare,
but the "Chinks" referred to it seriously
the "boss devil." Aside from squeak
ing bands of Chinese music and offerings
of roast pig find— clams the "boss
devil" was the star attraction.
The festival, which is known to the
white habitues of the Chinese quarter as
the annual devil . drlve . was concluded
shortly after mldnight by burning the
muc h revered high mogul of the torrid
region. And now the inhabitants of
the quarter are pure for another year
to come and they can do anything they
please without fear of the evil spirit. Th 0
only remaining menace in the way of
happiness is Sergeant Jim Donovan,
It ls saf^ t0 pre dict that they would burn
everything in Chinatown but the gambling
S «W co»,<, Ortvo Sergeant Don-
CONSUL HO TOW
CREATES MUCH
CONSTERNATION
Gives Voice to Pro-
American Ideas.
DIPLOMATS CRITICIZE HIM
. — «. —
THE CHINESE OFFICIAL ISSUES
A STRIKING CIRCULAR.
He Fearlessly Expresses Anti-Euro
pean Sentiments and Makes Sug
gestions to American Capital
ists Regarding His Country.
Ho Tow, the local Chinese Consul Gen
eral, has just Issued a printed appeal to
; American capitalists Imploring them to
organize a gigantic corporation to take
! advantage of the splendid commercial ad
; vantages offered In China, The doevk
■ ment, which Ho Vow now asserts was
not issued by him in an official capacity,
has created considerable comment in
diplomatic circles. In fact, many ex
perienced diplomats go so far as to criti
cize the Chinese Consul for uttering in
his appeal what they term^anti-European
sentiments. The Consul openly refers
them to the friendly feelings his people
hold for the United States, and intimates
that the Government he represents has
little love for the European powers.
The following passages from Ho Vow's
remarkable document serves to Illustrate
the unequivocal pro-American and anti-
European sentiments which the Consul
General has had the courage to express:
European nations have not been slow to
recognize the trade opportunities offered in
China and have Bought to obtain territorial
concessions. The United States Government
has always maintained a passive attitude,
and has, in consequence, a material ad
vantage that other nations lack. One who
follows the daily trend of events and is
conversant with the aggressive and grasp-
Ing policy of Europe can readily realize the
advantages that may accrue to the citi
zens of the United States through the lib
eral non-interference of their Government.
Pushing American industry Is bound to
be felt, he continues, and the new era in
china will meet it more than half way. A
union of forces Is bound to be productive
; of great results. A corporation with the
capital that could be commanded by a
union of interests of magnitude could be
made a veritable Golconda. We can, with.
American energy and push and the friendli
ness of the Chinese Government toward this
country, obtain permanent and financial
advantage.
Hitherto the Chinese doing business at
treaty ports have dealt almost ■ entirely
•with English and German firms. The feel
ing against these nations at present Is such
that If American capital should now step
In a strong combination could be made in
favor of the proposed company, and Its
agencies could be developed Into a valuable
source of revenue, particularly through the
influence of its Chinese connections.
When Interviewed on the matter, Con
sul General Ho Vow did not attempt to
weaken or qualify the sentiments he so
fearlessly uttered in his appeal. He
stated, however, that he wished It plain
ly understood that he issued the docu
ment as an individual, not as Consul
General of the Chinese Government.
"While I am authorized to use all legit
imate means to promote the welfare of
my country as Consul General of China,'
he said, "and while this circular which
I have written might be construed as an
official declaration, it Is not such. It is
a declaration of my individual sentiments
and ideas, and the Chinese Government
is not responsible for it. My apprecia
tion of the new conditions created by the
United States' recent territorial acces
sions, coupled with a desire to advance
the interests of my own country together
with those of the Pacific Coast, prompted
me to issue the circular. Commercial
and : territorial expansion are parallel
propositions. I have no pecuniary In
terests at stake. If I had I would not
have attempted to suggest the opportun
ities offered in China, .
Ho Vow is a man of fine mental, at
tainments. He speaks the English lan
guage quite fluently and can discourse on
almost any subject. ' '
. ♦ »
AQUATIC SPORTS AT SUTRO BATHS.
The amateur swimmers and divers will
compete in various events at Sutro Baths
to-morrow. The entries are as follow?:
50-yard dash, novice— F. Rltter, C. Rcy
al. J. Miigan, W. Fleming, Q. Walcott, O.
Low^nthal. E. Marston. C. King.
50-yard dnsh. juveniles— R. Riding, "W.
Early, C. Lundln, C. Crowloy, J. Laird,
W. Peters. M. Johnston, C. Augustus.
Tub race, 100 yards— E. Wells, G. Adler,
E. Beyer, W. Fisher O. Ehrman. E. L,ie
boldt, F. Hlldebrandt. H. Stelljes, C. Au
gustus, B. Baudain, W. Phlllipps, W. Yar
row.
Trick and fancy springboard diving—
P. McGowan, C. StrohUn. D. McCann, J.
Gladstone, C. Crowley, G. Lwue, M, Dl
vert, P. Giovanni T. Ralston, A. Baeana
tori, R. Cordell.
■ ♦ .
GIANTS MAKE FOUR
STRAIGHT FROM REDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....67 34 .6831 Chicago 54 4$ .SLY)
Boston 65 39 .623' PIttsburg ...51 61 .500
Philadelphia 65 40 .619 1 New York ...45 55 .450
Baltimore ...61 4$ .60+ 1 Louisville ...43 53 .432
St. Louts 66 47 .643 Washington .35 88 .333
Cincinnati ...55 47 .539 Cleveland ...17 S'J .160
NEW YORK. Auk. 18.— The ■ Giants made it
four straight from the Reds to-day. Grady won
the game for the locals, his hatting yielding
four runs. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— . r. h. E.
New fork 6 10 2
Cincinnati 4 10 3
Batteries— Carrlck and Warner; Hahn and
Feitz. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 18.— The Phillies lost
the first game to-day through their inability
to hit "Cy" Young. It was their second shut
out of the season. Goeckel was badly spiked
by < 'riser and was compelled to retire from the
game, but recovered sufficiently to play in the
second game. After St Louis had made seven
hits and five runs in one inning Piatt sat down
Kin. M taking his place. The second game was
nip and tuck until the finish, Chiles' hit in the
tenth inning giving the locals the victory
Douglass and Flick were injured, the former
by a. foul tip and the latter In running to first
Both retired. Attendance, 10,800. Score, first
game:
Clubs— R H E
St. Louis s H i
Philadelphia 0 5 0
Batteries— and Crlger; Plan, Flfleld
and McFarland. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly.
Second game:
, Clubs- r, H E
St. Louis 2 10 0
Philadelphia 3 9 2
Batteries— Sudhoff. Criger and Miller; Ber
hard, Douglass and McFarland. Umpires-
Lynch and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— Washington could
not hit Sparks to-day and Plttsburg won by
a close game. Ely was hit by a pitched ball
in the second inning. Attendance, 855. Score:
Clubs— ' R. jj E
Washington , 1 4 6
Pltlsburg .'2 7 3
Batteries— Weyhlng and Roach; Sparks and
Schriver. Umpires— O* Day and Hunt.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 18.— Orioles man
aged to break even with Chicago to-day after
nearly five hours of continuous play. Nops"
form, combined with bad support, lost the
home team what should have been an easy
victory In the first game. Donahue was sent
to the bench for throwing a handful of dirt
in Brodie'e face. In the second game Everitt
was put out of the grounds for abusing Um
pire Manassau. Umpire McGarr*s work was
rather poor. He reversed two decisions at the
Instance of Chicago players. Attendance 3875
Score, first game:
Clubs- r. H . E
' hlcago 13 21 2
Baltimore 12 14 4
Batteries — Garvln, Taylor, Donahue and
Chance; Nops, McGlnety, Smith and Robin
son. Umpires— Manassau and McGarr.
Second game:
Clubs- r. H . E.
Chicago 4 7 v
Baltimore : 5 7 1
Batteries'— and Donahue; Howell
and Robinson. Umpires— Manassau and Mc-
Garr.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 18.— The Exiles made a
triple play to-day, Quinn taking Casey's liner
and Tucker and Lockhead doing the rest They
were beaten, however, being- unable to hit Mc-
James. except in the seventh. The game was
called to allow the Clevelands to catch a train
for Plttsburg. Attendance, 900. Score:
Clubs — R. H. K.
Cleveland 2' $ {
Brooklyn 4 • 7 j
Batteries— . and Sugden: Me James and
Farrell. Umpires— Swart wood and Dwyer.
BOSTON. Aug. 18.— Boston took a double
header from Louisville to-day by hard and op
portune hitting. Meekin was very effective In
the first game, while Phillppi was hit when
hits were needed. Big Mike Sullivan, formerly
of New York, pitched the second game for
Boston and was batted hard. Boston drove
Wllhelm out of the box in one inning ' and hia
successor, Woods, fared but little better At
tendance. 2800. Score, .first game: '••'-;..
T Clube- R. H E
Boston 6 7 1
Lculsville , 2. 6 4
Batteries— Meekin and Clarke; Phllippt and
Zlramer. Umpires — and Latham.
Second game:'
, Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston '...... 7' 14 2
Louisville g 10 2
Batteries— . and Clarke; Wilhelm
Woods and Powers. Umpires— Qaffney and
Latham. ; ■■;-?■
SOLLY SMITH BEATEN.
Joe Bernstein Knocks Him Out in the
Thirteenth Round.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.-Joe Bernstein of
New York won almost as he pleased from
Solly Smith of California in their fight at
the Broadway Athletic Club to-night, and
beat him to unconsciousness in the thir
teenth round. All that was exciting and
dramatic came in the twelfth and thir
teenth rounds, and when Referee John
White counted off the significant ten sec
onds the ring was surrounded by a crowd
that howled itself hoarse.
Beyond a. clever display of science
speed and shiftiness on the part of both
men, the opening rounds were not excit
ing. Smith in the opening of the twelfth
round sprang across the ring and made a
desperate lunge at his man. Bern9tein
storjped him with his left, and then, in
a fierce rally in the middle of the ring
sent the Californlan down with his right.
He knocked Smith down tbre« times more
LEAGUE REPUBLICANS
TO CAUCUS TONIGHT
To Complete Convention Arrangements.
Democratic Candidates Announced.
The Burns Faction Working on the Alameda
Delegation — Extra-Session Talk Among
the Legislators.
THE two hundred delegates of the i
Central Republican League will j
caucus to-night at Golden Gate '
Hall, on Sutter street, between j
Mason and Taylor. The caucus j
: plan was decided upon Thursday night, I
j when the chairmen of the district organt- j
' zations came together at the Grand Hotel
to report to the district committee the
standing and attitude of the delegates in
i their different districts.
Word was brought In while the meeting
was in progress that the County Commit
! tee had set the date for the convention at
; Wednesday next, and the necessity of at
i once lining up the league delegates was
■ immediately perceived. The County Com-
I mlttee had permitted the idea to go forth
that the convention would not be called
at any near-at-hand date, and its sudden
j action in fixing the day at a time when
iit knew many of the league delegates
j would be busy with the reception of the
First California^ called down a good deal
of censure.
The league is not yet ready to proceed i
with its nominations and unless every
| thing can be decided at to-night's caucus
! it is likely that adjournment will be taken
Wednesday as soon as the chairman and
secretary "have been named.
i The Democrats are busier at producing
candidates than at anything else. Sena
tor R. Porter Ashe was announced yester
day as a candidate for the District Attor-
I ney's office and when asked about it last
I night did not deny a willingness to accept
i should the nomination come his way. Eu
gene Deuprey, who was pulled off the
j ticket last year at the last moment, is
also out after the counselor's job and j
i intends making a warm fight, as he j
| claims the nomination on last year's j
; promises. Assemblymen Justus Wardell
i and I. J. Crowley are out for the Audi- |
■ tor's desk, and both men have a host of !
' friends working for them. Neither will i
I admit his candidacy, but confess that
; they may fall before the entreaties of an
| anxious constituency before they are
I through with it.
Michael Finn, some time baseball pro
! moter, has announced his candidacy for
I Recorder and Andrew J. Cleary )s the
latest to be prominently mentioned as
i Democratic choice for County Clerk.
State politics is still bubbling merrily.
I Senator Cutter of Sutter has been a good
; deal in evidence the past week, but his
i interest has not been in local politics. The
i Senator said the other day he had come
i to the city to get his back teeth fixed, but
i his friends and a number of others of
' those who spent their time at the last
session voting for Grant say he came
: down to agree to go into caucus when
! Governor Gage gets the tip from Colonel
I Burns to call the extra session.
! Two other dentist-delighters who got
i into town yesterday were Senator Boyce of
. Santa Barbara and Senator Davis <if Am
j ador. They were in close consultation
during the afternoon with members of the
different factions, but whether as a result
in this round, and in the thirteenth land
<•<! a heavy right swing, which ended the
fight.
SOUTHERN ELECTRICAL
COMPANIES CONSOLIDATE ;
The New Concern Will Be Known as
the Edison General Electrical
Company of Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. IS.— The Southern
I California Power Company, Pasadena
- Electric Light and Power Company and
: the Edison Electric Company of this city
: have consolidated. Articles of Incorpora
tion of the Edison General Electric Com
pany of Los Angeles, which is the name
of the new company, will be filed in a
e The a capital stock will be $1,250,100. and.
bonds to that amount will be issued to
carry 5 per cent interest and tako the
place of the bonds of the three companle3
now out bearing t> per cent Interest. The
new company has a three years' contract
for lighting the city of Pomona, and will
! build at once .a transmission line to Ana
; helm, Fullerton. Orange and Santa Ana.
1 At Santa Ana a new electric plant will be
| Installed.
AWAIT ATTACK OF
TRAIN-ROBBERS
Belief That Tom Ketchum and His
Band Intend to Hold Up a S. P.
Train Shortly.
AUSTIN. Texas., Aug. 18.— Advices have
! been received that Tom Ketchum and four
j members of his train-robber band have
again left their rendezvous in Tom
: Greene County and It is believed that they
I Intend to hold up a passenger train on
either the Southern Pacific or the Texas
' and Pacific road, as they went in the di
rectloo of Sierra Blanca, which is iho
junction of the two roads. A posse of
Deputy I'nited States Marshals and State
i raiiß'>rs are In pursuit of the outlaws. All
! passenger trains on both of these roads
j continue to be accompanied by armed
j guards, and should an attempt be made to
! hold up one of these trains the robbers
! will meet with a warm reception.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and List
of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18.— A postoffice
was to-day established at Paralso Springs.
• Monterey County, and Julian T. Perrault
was appointed Postmaster.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office has denied the petition of John
Carrs, Emma E. Jones and the heirs of
Thomas Murray vs. the Central Pacific
Railroad Company for an appeal from
i the department's decision Involving land
! In the Sacramento land district.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
! tary of War, acting Assistant Surgeon
! Robert J. MeAaory is relieved from fur- j
i ther duty In the Department of California, I
I and will report in person to the command- j
I ing ollicer of the hospital ship Relief at I
I San Francisco for duty. Acting Assistant !
i Surgeon Henry J. Combel will proceed j
from Bay St. Louis. Miss., to Fort Sam j
Houston, and report in person to the com- i
i mantling officer of the Thirty-third In
| fantry for duty, to accompany that regi
! ment to the Philippine Islands.
Major John J. Pershing, assistant adju
j tant general of volunteers, who has been
i In charge of the division of customs and
i Insular affairs of the War Department for
] several months, will be detached from
i that duty and proceed at once to the Phil-
I lpplnes, by way of San Francisco, for as
! signment.
Private William S. Williams, general
I service, now at Fort Thomas, Ky., is
! transferred to Company A, Sixth In
| fantry. Philippine Islands. H«; will be
i sent to the Presidio, San Franrlsco. Hay
! ing enlisted under false pretenses he will
jbe discharged without honor from the
I service by the commanding officer. Re
: crult George W. Barnett, general ser
vice, Presidio, San Francisco, will be dis
charged from the service by the com
manding officer of his station.
Privates John Kratt and Gustof Nel-
Brain Work and Exercise.
It has been declared that three hours of brain
■work will destroy more bratn tissue than a
whole day of physical exercise. America 1b
filled with men and womfn who earn their
living by their brains. Hostetter'a Stomach
Bitters makes ths mind active and vigorous.
This medicine Is a tonic, an appetizer, and a
sure cure for dyspepsia. It has a fifty years'
record of cures. See that a private revenue
stamp covers the neck of the bottle.
i of it Senator Davis was relieved of his
recc nt Irving M. Scott aspirations he de
: clined to say.
. Since the 'gathering of the clans these
last few days not a legislator, of what
ever faith, can be found to doubt that the
extra session Is assured.
j The Burns people bare grown loud in
I boastings that Governor Gage will issue
; th< i all when they give the word, and
that they have enough pledges up their
sleeve to assure th<m of only one result.
Just what the latter claim is based on 13
not apparent. Although It is a fart that
a number of those who hold out at the
last session are now willing to caucus, the
anti-Burns spirit is as strong and even
more evident than it w:is last January.
The Alameda delegation is just now the
object of the Burns crowd's keenest poli
tics. Judge Dibble is managing the cam
paign, and members from the other Fide
of the bay are in town dally and are being 1
put through their catechism in the Crock
er building headquarters. The stiffest kind
of caucus talk Is? being handed out, and
every member who is caught in the drag
net is impressed with the absolute cer
tainty of an extra session, although it is
| said that for reasons of economy it is not
to extend over ten days.
Speaker Anderson, who came down from
Sulsun on Thursday, returned yesterday,
but expects to be down again to remain
over Sunday. He says it Is fruit, how
ever, not politics, that brings him into
town at this rather interesting time.
WHO STRUCK SCHWARTZ
There was a stormy meeting of the
Republican delegates of the Thirty-eighth
District held at 12 Montgomery street on
j Thursday afternoon. The meeting was
| called to order by Isidore Schwartz, who
j claimed that it was his right to do so aa
chairman of the executive committee.
His right was disputed, however, by
j several of the delegates present, and It
took some time to elect a chairman of the
delegation, after which the meeting waa
declarfd adjourned, much to the disgust
of several delegates who were too busy
arguir.g to heed the motion.
On his way out of the building 1 Mr.
Schwartz was struck a heavy blow on the
jaw, but by whom he is unable to say.
None of those present admit having seen
Mr. Schwartz struck, but he is willing to
make affidavit charging John Doe with
battery.
KELLOGG FOR CHAIRMAN.
Wallace Bradford of the Forty-first Dis
trict delegation of the Republican dele
gates to the coming convention has an
nounced himself and delegation as in fa
vor of Sheldon G. Kellogg for chairman of
the Republican Convention.
The delegates to the coming Democratic?
Municipal Convention have been notified
that the convention will be called at Na
tive Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street, on Tuec
day evening, August 22, at 8 o'clock sharp.
son. Company C, Seventeenth Infantry,
Philippine Islands, are transferred to the
Fourth Cavalry, stationed at that post.
Recruit Ira W. Jones. Eighteenth In
fantry, Philippine Islands, is transferred
as private to the Fourteenth Infantry sta
tioned in the Philippines.
Pensions- ( "alifornia— Original— Lafpvre
Webster, Ventura, $6. fncrease— John
Clark, Veterans' Home. Napa, $10 to $12
Oregon— Original, widows, etc.— Ellen E.
Munday, Mt. Tabor, $8..
Inspected Valley Terminal.
STOCKTON, Aug. 18.— President E.
P. Rlpley of the Santa Fe Railroad, ac
companied by Third Vice-President J.
M. Barr and son, of Chicago; General
Manager W. G. Nevin of Los Angeles,
W. E. Hodges of Chicago, John Player
of Topeka. John Bannon of Chicago
and Fred Harvey of Kansas City, ar
rived at the water front terminal of the
Valley road shortly after 6 o'clock this
evening. The party came on a special
train. They transferred to the H. J.
Corcoran and left for San Francisco an
hour later. They are accompanied on.
the boat by Major J. D. Peters and H.
J. Corcoran of the navigation company.
President Ripley made a hurried in
spection of the railroad property here
and merely repeated his former state
ments concerning the policy of the
Santa Fe.
Tried to Blow Open a Safe.
TUBA CITY. Aug. 18.— Burglars entered
the Valley Moat Company's shop at thi3
place last night and attempted to blow
open the safe, -but wore frightened away
before they could get it open. They took
all the money In the till in the shop.
HEADACHES,
WEAKNESS,
PALENESS!
•ScSs&i H
}-j l^Qs- A ,
The conditions mentioned above are usually
associated, and more often than not they are
the result of weak, wornout or overtaxed
nerves.
IN WOMEN nervous conditions are nearly
always reflex. In other words secondary to
J other troubles, such as female weakness and
I those irregularities from which women alone
suffer. For such conditions Hudyan is an in-
I fallible remedy.
1 IN MEN nerve weakness is usually due to
] overwork, brain work, mental strain, dissi-
pation, excesses or shock to the system. It
matters not the cause— Hudyan strengthens tha
nerves.
Heredity also has much to do with nervous
troubles in both men and women. , These are
your symptoms: ..;*;, •;;
" Headaches. Fig. 1; pale, wan complexion. Fig.
2; palpitation of heart. Fig. 3; Impaired diges-
tion. Fig. 4; inactive liver, Fig. 5; nervousness,
dizziness, tired. feeling, sleeplessness, despond-
ency and general weakness.
All these symptoms call for HUDYAN. Don't
wait, but take HUDYAN now. Complete Nerv-
ous Prostration Is most serious. HUDYAN
. • . "" : — + will avert the danger.
* "TTTTTrx HUDYAN corrects all
MEN AND faults of digestion.
WOMhN makes rich blood,
ADVISED .gives strength and a
FREE. i general glow of
Call or Write. I .nmenaad
▼■ — — ♦" weak, pale, nervous.
emaciated or who suffer from any of the above
symptoms. Hudyan cures are permanent
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— 50c a
package, or six packages for J2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO cor
Stockton, Ellis and Market sts.; San Francisco,"
Cai. y'^Vr ' . ' ■ '
CONSULT THE' HUDYAN DOCTOrs =
gSTa2 ( %&f£ SB - free of charge!
■jfSS.DEWEY.STRONG&CO.^gg^--
ffSr* _" mil ■ > Tf £$\
&>
%S^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^SS«^ •COLORADO MEN
WILL BE FREE
IN SEPTEMBER
Are Now Comfortable
in Camp.
THE THIRTY-FIFTH REGIMENT
AXOTHZ3 EFFORT TO HAVE IT
RECRUITED HERE.
A Storm C uses the Loss of 700 Tons
of Army Supliea at the
Mouth of the
Yukon.
The haggag* of the Colorado regiment
kept arriving all day yesterday ar.d the
company streets were strewn with
trunks and boxes. Several Customs In
spectors were? at the camp and they ex
amined the packages as they were un
loaded from the wagons. B: evening
nearly all the luggage had 1 en passed
and the regiment was fairly ell settled.
Everym an will be given the fullest lib
erty possible. From 9 in the morning
until 5 in the afternoon :hey can come
ar.d go as they please. They must re
port at 5 for retreat, an: then from that
until 11 they can do as they wish. A very
small g-uard is all that has been put on.
ar.d guard duty will come to «ach man
only or.cc or twite, .>.t the most, between
now and the date t-~t for the muster-out.
Colonel McCoy ■■-■-■ have ills regi
ment in condition for mustering out ov
September 7. H^- b<=lk<vts if The work
Is :o he .lone thoroughly it will t«ke fully
that time. and. beside?, he :* willing to
go slowly in order to avoid mistakes.
The following teltgram- has been re
ceived at the recruiting office in this city:
Vancouver Barracks, ■ ash.,
Aue. is. IS?S.
Major H. R. Brinkerhoff, Third In
fa:?iry. 'Recruiting Ofnce, 121 New
Mor.rg.-mery. San Francisco. ah: Re
cruiting for this regiment in the East
has been suspended by order of War
Department. Make every effort to se
cure recruits, as 1 desire to fill regi
ment with Western men. as quality
ot these men is far superior to those
received from Easi. PLUMMER.
Lieutenant Colonel.
Major Brinkerhoff was much satisfied
with the tone of the telegram. Recruits
have not been plentiful on this coast, but
what men were taken were the best. It
was a matter of keen regret f or both the
reoruiiinc officer and Colonel Plummer,
who will command the reeiment. that the
Thirty-fifth ...... should have to be
filied from the East. It was intended that
J: should be a Western regiment, but en
listments were so slow in coming in that
it was decided to accept recruits from
Eastern recruiting offices. The colonel's
telegram is evidence, however, that an-
"HALE THREATENED OTIS"
APPEARS TO BE A FAKE
The Br;gadier General's Adjutant and Chief Aid Bra: d the
Story as a Lie.
.i-^ _r HE story pnnted in the Denver Times on Wed nee Is last to the effect
that Eriearil»r General Hale had during- the campaign in the Philip
pines threatened to prefer charges against General Otis which was
telegrapher broadcast throughout the country, appears to be untrue.
The yarn, which emanated from a letter written by Private Henry
Kerr. who was at one time General Hale's orderly, pictured General Hale's
command in the act of winning a. brilliant decisive victory; when General Otis
ordered him to postpone the attack and march his command to the rear. A
stormy Interview between the two eenerals was aJ4eged to have followed, in
which Hale accused Otis of rank cowardice and threatened to prefer, charges
agrainst him to the Government. : I- V
The matter has caused widespread comment among the members and offi
cers of the Colorado Regiment. They not only deny the story in vehement
lanpuagre, hut they scoff at the idea and say it is manufactured out of
whole cloth.
'"You can quote me as paying that the story of the alleged friction be
tween General Hale and General Otis is not only utterly ridiculous but ab
solutely untrue." said Captain Brooks, adjutant on General Hale's staff,
when seen yesterday at the regimental encampment at the Presidio. "The
story has not the slightest foundation on truth. At no time during the cam
paign did General Hale retreat from a position which we were about to
capture, and at no me did he threaten General Otis with charges of cow
ardice."'
'The story is false from beginning to end," said Lieutenant Perry, Gen ;
eral Hale'? chief aid. "If anything like that had occurred I would surely
have known it. You may be assured that General Hale never had any
trouble with General Otis on any such proposition."
other effort will be made to adhere to the
original programme.
Dispatches from Alaska bring to the
quartermaster's department the informa
tion that 7CK> tons of hay and grain for
feed and son army supplies nad been
lost in a gale near the mouth of the
Yukon. The supplies were on two barges,
■which were being towed from St. Michael
to the Yukon, when a storm overtook the
towing vessel and drove her ashore. The
Bjpplfes on the barges were so badly
damaged that they were thrown away.
They were Intended for the troops at
Fort Egbert and Fort Gibbon.
Thre* hundred and sixty recruits for
the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh regi
ments In" the Philippines arrived at the
Presidio yesterday, under command of
Captain John P. Wisser, Seventh Artil
lery. They will be sent on to Manila as
soon as possible.
Second Lieutenant G. B. Sharon report
ed fof duty at the Presidio yesterday.
Second LJeut-nant Eurubian Rubottom,
Vinth airy, has been ordered to pro
rWd'to Denver. Colo., for duty In the
Department of Colorado.
S'-cor.d Ueuten.int \\ illiam B. Cowln.
Third Cavalry, has been assigned to duty
with the recruits pending assignment to
duty at Manila. _ __
Acting Assistant .-surgeon James K.
PtV.ckard has been assigned to the City of
"Sydney for duty during her voyage to
Major Manly B. Curry, additional pay
mWer United States Volunteers, has
been assigned to temporary duty with the
chi^f paymaster of this department.
A War Art Volume.
The International Navigation Company.
operating! the American Line of steamers
between New York and. European ports,
has issued an art volume on the Spanish-
Amerlcan war. designed to accentuate the
important part its vessel?— the New York.
Ft. Paul. St. Louis, Harvard and Yale—
', played In the Cuban naval angagemer-ts.
as well as to tray with historical ac
curacy the operations of the American
navy;, At the same time the volume,
which is beautifully and profusely illus
trate'! throughout with the highest type
of lithograph work, pays a Just and fitting
tribute to trie loyalty and bravery of the
olficersand crew of these passenger vessels.
who stuck to their ships and sailed them as
fafely and fearlessly in war as in periods
of peace. The work is not only a sample
of the best product of the modern press
but Is highly valuable as an advertise
ment inasmuch as it combines a mass of
valuable- information and correct illustra
tion with references to the elegance or
equipment and service on these vessels
now that they are once more engaged in
the passenger-carrying trade. TUe volume
lri given away to first-class cabin passen
gers on tne American liners.
SONS OF VETERANS
An Incident of the Reception Ten
dered to Tenth Pennsylva
nia Members.
• Thursday :ilght there was a plens- |
i:hering in Washington Hall of tht j
building on Post street, the
n being the reception tendered by.
iir Oaks < 'amp. Sons |
t.-r < amp of the same cr- j
• Fair Oaks Aid .So- i
■ to the member* of Aim'ral
< ami). Sons of Veterans, com- ,
ly of officers and men cf ■
the Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and j
of which Jam*s H. Brown is captain, i
rick FfarSha first lieutenant. E. T. I
<_.<.. t» fcecond lieutenant, Benjamin L. '
Chandler first sergeant and I. A. Bernell
quartermaster sergeant The last named
has since his return from Manila been
appointed by Commander Harry T.
Moore of the division of California an Bid
on his staff. The .come address to the
guests of the evening was by Captain D.
B. Plymire. after which there was a
pleasing programme .of music and songs.
a.so recitations and specialties, contrib
uted by L.-, i Snare, C. A. Duhem. Alex
ander Williams. Louis Geary and Mrs. J.
Murray Bailey. Between numbers there
was the presentation of three medals.
One. a gold cress of honor, was presented
by Adjutant V. G. Luchardt to Past Com
mander Chares L. Pierce in recognition
of his valuaHe services to the -order dur
ing a perioa of years; an iron cross to
Clark Anderson, past captain of Admiral
Dewey Camp, by Past Captain A. J.
Weinert. nd an Iron cross to Past Presi
dent Mrs. Laura Jean Handler by Com
mander Harry T. Moore In recognition of
her services in organizing Ladies 1 Aid
No. 3. The programme was followed by
ciancir-«. and then there was a march to
the banquet hall, where there were covers
for gpty. An agreeable hour was spent
around the festive board, and many beau
tifu; and patriotic sentiments were ex
pressed.
■■ m ■
MUST USE IRON POLES
Market-Street Railway Company
Disobeying the Law.
Mayor Phelan's attention was called to
the fact yesterday thai the Market-street
Railway Company h:»<l been substituting
wood for iron poles along Its ......
on Upper Mission street. Concerning: the
matter the Mayor -.•.-■ as follows to
the Superintendent of Streets:
If r. Martin F. Frasrley. Superintendent of
Street?— Dear ?ir: On las; '■ " lay I re
ceived information by letter from the South
ern Heights Improvement Club that the
Market-stroet Railway Company was tak
inc up ron poles on Kentucky street and
• substituting wooden p-jlts, usins the iron
--■-■ n»w syst-m. I called the
attention of the ........ it
passed a resolution IXO. 3336 > requiring you
to prevent this, recitinc that the Kentuey
street franchise required iron poles, and
that no modification of the franchise had
been made and that no permission for the
change had be*n frranf-d. To-day '. am
informed that the Market-Street Railway
Company is d.MriR the jane thing on upper
Mission street without authority-.
I hereby direct you to enforce the order
of the Board of supervisor? at once and
prevent th* chance of poles on these or any
other streets until permission be srantcd
by the board. The company !s guilty of a
lawless a-'t and is defying the ...
the city by violating Its ordinance and the
provisions of Its franchise. Years truly.
JAMES I. PHF.LAN. Mayor.
■ » ■
MARRIED TO A TERMAGANT
James Gillice Has His Wife Arrested
for Cruelty and Threats
Agtunst Life.
■ --s Gillice i ■ ■ ■ ling at
rehama sTr°*t. swore to a complaint in
M^ean's court yesterday for
- -re. Mary. <-,- charg -
•y to a minor child and tl
; jrair.Ft life.
According to Gillie^, his w:f^ is a
; " He hai; a laughter Mary, by
- • rst wife, who is ' • rs of ace. arid
:wo cl her own. She- has
to her tw
• • z Mar- 1 mo^t cruelly. She was in
Kbit n f sending -. and
c, after learning of :t. objected and
the girl not - - a such an
rrrand.
The girl obeyed her father's instructions
'•Irs. ' rilli< c out of s t< i her
nrutally. About two mo
irove her husband and Mary oat t I
-«■ with a carving-knife. On Thurpda
olght she chased them out of the hous
with an ax and Gillice and Mary had t
seek shelter In a neighbor's bousi
LJilllce was arrested on the two charge
yesterday afternoon^
AID IS ASKED FOR
PORTO RICAN SUFFERERS
SECRETARY ROOT APPEALS FOR
SUBSCRIPTIONS.
f»
Mayor Phelan Receives a Letter Set
ting Forth Frightful Condi
tions Around San Juan.
Secretary of War Root has Issued to
every city in the country an appeal for
aid for the I sands of Porto Ricans
who suffered by the tornado of a fortnight
ago. The following: letter was received by
Mayor Phelan yesterday and already $115
has been subscribed:
"War Department, Washington, D c.
August 11. !<>:-?.
To the Mayor cf San Francisco, a i —
Sir: The Governor General of Porto Rico
confirms the report that upon the Bth inst
a hurricane swept over that island, en
tirely demolishing many or the towns, de
stroying many lives, and reducing, so far
as he can estimate, not • --•:. one hun
dred thousand (100.000) of the inhabitants to
the condition of absolute destitution without
homes or food. Unless immediate and .ef
fective relief Is given, these unfortunate
people will perish of famine.
Under these conditions, the President
deems that an appeal should he made to the
humanity <>'. the American people. It is an
appeal to tht-ir patriotism also, for the In
habitant* of Porto Rico have freely and
gladly submitted themselves to the guard
ianship of the United States and have
voluntarily surr^mlerr-d the protection of
Spain, to which they were formerly en
titled, confidently relying upon more bene
ficent treatment at our hands. The highest
considerations of honor and good faith unite
with the promptings of humanity to re
quire from the United States a generous
response to the demand of Porto Rican dis
tress.
This department has directed the imme
diate distribution of rations to the sufferers
by the army in Porto Rico, as far as it is
•within the power of the executive, but in
the absence of any appropriation we must
rely largely upon private contributions.
I teg that you will call upon the public
rtted and humane people of your cltv to
take active »nd immediate measures in "this
exigency. The Government transport Mc-
Ptaeraon will be sent directly from the port
of New York to Porto Rico on Monday, the
lith inst., to carry all supplies of* food
which can be obtained Further transports
will be ?»>nt at future dates, of which public
notice will be Riven. .
Any committee charged with the raising
of funds will receive full information and
advice upon communicating with this de
partment. I inclose herewith copies of tele
grams received from General Davis. Very
respectfully,
EL.IHU ROOT. Secretary of War.
■ ■ ♦ ■ ,
Have You Seen
The Sparks and Looker-On columns of
this week's Xews-Letter? •
Father Doyle to Preach.
Rev. Alexander P. Doyle, editor of the !
Catholic World Magazine, who arrived
In this city a few days ago, has taken up
quarters with the Paulist Fathers. He
will preach both morning and evening to
morrow. His sermon after vespers will be
on "The Future of Catholicism In
America," J
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL. SATUKDAY. AUGUST 19. 1599.
WAIFS WILL FIND A HOME
IN THIS GRAND EDIFICE
#♦—•-♦— $-♦—$-♦- $> -♦-<$•-♦- $-+—&-•
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN will to
morrow dedicate the new Youths'
Directory building at Nineteenth
and Angelica streets. The im
pressive ceremonies will be held in the
chapel of the edifice. Mass will be cele
brated by his Grace Most Rev. .Arch
bifhop Riordan, and he will be assisted
by Rev. D. O. Crowley. the director of
the new home for destitute boys; Rev. P.
J. turnings, pastor of St. Patrick's:
Rev. J. Melvin and Rev. J. Morgan.
The dedication of the magnificent struc
ture will commemorate one of the most
practical achievements in charitable work
even accomplished in this State. The
building is four stories in height, beauti
ful in architecture, generous in accom
modations and thorough in sanitation. It
will be thrown open to the homeless lads
of this city, and although managed under
th* auspices Qf the Catholic church, 11
will not be limited in its usefulness by
conditions, of race, reed or color. For the
past twenty-five years the Youths' Di
rectory li ministered to the young, weak
waifs who. deprivt?d of parental influence,
drifted into the streets to learn the easy
lessons of vice and graduate into the
cheerless, hopeless corridors of the State
prison. Its noble work has been part of
the history of this State, and its needs
during the period it has been in existence
have appealed to all denominations, and
aid ha- always been forthcoming.
The beautiful edifice will be thrown open
FRAGLEY FILES HIS
ANNUAL REPORT
MANY STREETS AND SEWERS
CONSTRUCTED.
Tax Collector Sheehan Shows Over
Five Million Dollars in
Collections.
The annual report of Street Superin
tendent Fracley was filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors. It BhOWS that
the rear's expenditures amounted to
$551 STS ?3. or $23,578 93 more than the ap
propriation. The expenditures were a*
follows:
Repairs to county roads— Wares. 111.* 4 40;
material, $37 75; ... $11.r,79 25. Clean!] vl
fwo* r .ini! streets under contract, $1.^3.^, 03.
Cleantpc and pairing sewer*— WiW *••
--009: material. $10.12121: total. $.<0.130 . U. Re
pairing accepted streets- 1..M5..; ma
terial 510.452 <A; sundries. JId.SSo .2; total. $10-.
--951 I*' Repaying streets with bitumen. $1.,
--l£o 40: improving streets In front ot city prop
erty. J7OTS g9.
Improvement nd maintenance of parks and
squares-Wages. 545.212 25: material. JJO2j 41;
contract for curbing. JIS44: buggy hire and
r'.umblnp $2261 IS; total, 2.342 v.. Engineer
ing and purveys $14.54-5. Special contracts-
Culvert at Canal and Mission. $«S"V. extension
of Brannan ■■■■■ sewer. $22,942 40: ■■ a: 1»n
--l2inir Market street, from Second to Fifth. Jlj.
--6- from Fifth to Taylor. $73*4 65: from Second
to - . ■ second strip, $13,716 65: from Sixth to
Van N- -- 13! 000; Fourth street, from Market
to jj .;•■■• from Stockton to
Powell $2C2S; instructing sidewalk on Cali
fornia ' ...... $7«0 43; specifications for im
provement cf Holly Park, $77.
There were three miles and 4207 feet of
pew^r laid and eight miles and 255S feet oi
streets accepted.
Tax Collctor Sheehan also filed his re
port, a recapitulation of which is as fol
lows:
Real estate and penalties $;,<TTO,3« 03
Personal pert] -secured" and
penalties .61.00T 3S
Personal property "unsecured"
and penalties 26.797 09
Taxes of previous years and r*n-
a l t | p^- , 4.329 27
Advertisine ana fe«< 2.43S 44
Poll tax .—.22
Duplicates and overpayments o,3St> S9
Total $3,570.71? 10
OFFICE EXPENSES.
Salaries of Tax Collector., depu
ties and clerks $54,200 00
rubltt>hT.(t Delinquent Tax List
of ISM 4.043 03
Cash books, bill heads and sta
tionery 2.J?? J<>
Advertising €2o SO
Military poll 2,3» 15
Cartace on coin 41 ■"
Postal cards and Ftamps 453 50
Telephone service SO 'o
Total • $54,670 65
■ m ■
TO RECEIVE IDAHO BOYS.
Adjutant General Weaver Here From
Boise to Arrange for His
Volunteers' Reception.
Adjutant General J. I-. Weaver arrived
at the Grand yesterday from Boise Ctty
as the advance guard of the delegation
which is soon to come to welcome home
unteers from that State.
The remainder of the delegation, whi^h
con?!?:.- of Governor Frank Steunenherg
• members of his staff, to
p«-thfr with a number of prominent State
-. left Boise yesterday for this city.
As U ey will travel by way of Portland
and come down from there by water they
are ; • I ■ >■; • ted to arrive here much be
f.ire the end of next week.
• ;-T.^ra'. Weaver had but little to say
■ rning the plans that had been made
for the reception of th« boys, as they will
entirely depend on the wishes of the boys
themselves. Idaho Is proud of them, and
when they arrive will endeavor to comply
with anypreferenoc they may express in
the matter of their reception. A large
State banquet has been arranged, how
over, and the people of Idaho are turning
th>- entire country Inside out to prepare
for their heroes' return. Whatever direc
tion the reception may take they ar*- de
termined to make it an event the men
w;li remember as long as they live.
The Woes of Three Old Men.
John King, a machinist. 70 years of age; ;
William Burke, a carriage-maker, 73
years of age. and Patrick Kennedy, a
longshoreman. 50 years of age. appeared
before Judge Graham yesterday on a
charge of vagrancy. They were found
Thursday night sleeping in an old boat
hou«e • :• Mission street, between Spear
and Ste-uart. They all told the Judge the
same tale, that being old men they were
unable to obtain work and had to find
some place of shelter. The Judce dis- I
missed the charge against them and told !
them that so far as he was concerned
they could sleep in the boathouse as long
as they liked.
Herman Liebes' Estate.
The second inventory and appraisement !
in the estate of the late Herman Liebes J
was hied yesterday. The appraisers. Will- i
iam Costello. William J. Biggy and George
B. Barber, find the estate to be valued at
$221,264 SI. In the original appraisement
the estate was valued at J244.2M. but the
heirs alleged that the estate was under
valued, but It appears that snch was not
the case.
to the general public two w<»eks from to
morrow. The- dedication invitations have
';!mi**"i to the solicitors of the St.
Joseph's Union.
The officers and directors of the institu
tion are.
President. MosJ Rev. P. W. Riordan.
!■ I' . vice president, James R. Kelly; sec
retary and sj :ritual director. Rev. D. O. i
Crowley; superintendent, Allan F. Jones; :
attorney. Mat; I. Sullivan; visiting physi- \
clans, Drs. Thomas L. Mahoney and '
ns; directors-Matt I. Sul- j
livan, T. P. R: >rdan, Josc-rA Oliver, James ;
R. Kelly and Thomas R. Bannerman.
HONORED DEAD
ARE REMEMBERED
Emperor William Un
veils a Monument.
Special T>;ppat<-h to The Tall.
BERFiIX, Aug. Iv— Emperor William
unveiled a monument to the dead of the
regiment of the First Guards on the St.
Privat battlefield, in the vicinity of Metz.
In the address, which his Majesty made
on the occasion he said:
"Hallowed recollections attend to-day's
festival, making hearts beat higher. My
First Regiment of Foot Guards is repre
sented by one company, its glorious flags
and many old comrades who fought and
bled on this spot. I unveil this monu
ment in remembrance of fhos>* who fell
or. Hie field o; battle. This ceremony also
ttrkts place in the presence of my young
est regiment and the whole army repre
sented by The troops of the Sixteenth
Cirps. This is almost tht- only r-piment
which has not hitherto been represented
by a monument on this hloou-drenched
field. Yet it had fall claim to one. Al
though it is nearly related by history to
my house, whose princes and kings it has
been <ail^d upon to train up and though i
it might rightly th.-refore be considered j
as a family household regiment, yet my
grandfather did noi hesitate for ;t mo
ment ■ sacrif c, to the welfare of the
country, the troopa so dear to him. His
tory tells us how the regiment fought.
bled and fulfilled its • / d how its
behavior evoked the praise and its sor
the tears of the great Emperor.
This regiment, with i: i its si nlor com
rade, to-day s*»ts up a memorial of stone
to its heroes who re>- h the sward.
"The design of 'his monum-nt differs
from that usual "n .•■■■■ - A maii
clad angel leans in cairn repose on a
sword adorned with ti.f regiment's proua
motto, 'semper talis.' I desire that tne
mraning of this figure he generally
.known. It stands on this field as a guar
dian of all the hrav.- soldiers of both
armies, French and German, who fell.
'•Th< French Boldiers who found a glor
- t-rave at St. Privat also fdught
bravely and her - their Emperor
and fatherland. When "Vir Sags are low
bred In* greeting before this bronze statue
and flutter mournfully over the graves
of our df-ar comrades, m.-iy they wave
over the tomb? of our foes and whisper
that we think sorrowf illy of their brave ■
dead. With deep thanks and an upward ■
glance to th* 3 I^ord of Hosts for the quid- !
ance he so mercifully v.>u< bsafed to our >
• Emperor, w*> will recall that th»
countless souls of all who once stood face I
to face in hot encounter will look down
upon us from this day from whence they :
stand around the throne of the supreme
Judge, united In eternal peace"
Emperor William strongly emphasized
the words "all" urid •'notn in his utter- j
ances -when referring to "all" the brave
soldiers of "both " armies.
DOUBLE HANGING OF
OLD OFFENDERS
Two Men Executed Who Had First
Murdered and Then Robbed a
Man and His Wife.
ROCKYII.I.K. Mi.. Aup. IS.— Armistead
Taylor and John Alfred Brown were
hanged this morning for the murder of
Louis Rosensteln and his wife. The drop
fell at 10:20 o'clock. Taylor and Brown
robbed and murdered L-ouis Rosenstein
and his wife. Dora, on the morning of
May 13, 1899, at the little town of Slidell. ;
Montgomery County, M<!. Brown was ar
rested, together with a woman with whom
he lived, mainly because Taylor boarded
with th«m. The latter was captured in a
house in the District of Columbia about
a wi+k after the murder, but in effecting '
the arr«?al a fierce fight ensued, resulting
In Taylor shooting and killing one of the
offl era
The prisoner was taken to Rockville to
be tried for the RosenstHn murders. He
made a confession implicating Brown, and
both were indicted. The men were tried
and convicted. Taylor was about 30 years
of age and had spent more than half his
lift in prison. Brown was about 40 years
old.
CLEARING THE BEACH.
The Santa Cruz Council Sets Driving
Limits.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. IS.— The City Conn
Cfl has passed an ordinance prohibiting the
riding or driving of any horse or vehicle
on the beach in front of the bathhouse*
between <-"nff street and Riverside aw
nue between the hours of 10 o'clock in the
morning and 5 in the afternoon. The pen
alty is a tine not to exceed $100 or impris
onment not to exceed thirty days.
This is hailed as a good measure, as the
constant passing or teams has been a
source of danger to children playing on
the beach.
GOETHE'S SONGS
TO BE SUNG BY
SWEET SINGERS
Anniversary of the
Poet's Birthday.
FREE CELEBRATION ARRANGED
DR. JORDAN AND OTHER ELO
QUENT PROFESSORS TO SPEAK.
Significant Letter of Regret From Dr.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Presi
dent of the University
of California,
The one hundred and fiftieth anniver
sary of Goethe's birthday will be cele
brated all over the world. Extensive prep
arations are being made In all large cities
of the United States. Germany. England
and Russia. The San Francisco celebra
tion is to be a dignified affair. It will
take place in Metropolitan Temple the
evening of August 2S. Admission will be
absolutely free.
The speakers of the evening will be Da
vid Starr Jordan, Stanford University;
Dr. .Lange. prolessor of English. Univer
sity of California, and Professor Goebel,
head professor of German in Stanford.
Dr. Goebel will speak in German.
The following named gentlemen consti
tute the committee of arrangements: Her
mann Barth, Dr. Julius Goebel. Max F.
Bender. Dr. Franz Kuekein, Bernhardt
Broemmel. Dr. Martin Krotoszyner. Rob
ert Capelle, Dr. Aug Wilhelm and Wll
helm Zimmermann.
The Arion. Harmonic and Teutonia sing
ing societies and eminent soloists will sing
songs by Goethe.
Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, whose name
headed the original list of speakers, finds
that he car»not attend, and therefore sends
this letter of regret:
ITHACA.' N. T.. July 11. 189 ft.
Mr. W. 7Vmmermann. President of the Goethe
Anniversary. San Francisco. Cal.— My Dear
Sir. Your very kind Invitation to be present
and participate in the celebration of the one
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of the birth
<•'. Goethe on August 28 has been received. I
should certainly accent with er*at pleasure
were I to be in San Francisco on that date, but
the necessity of closing up my affairs in the
East and preparing to transfer my household
goods across the continent necessitate the post
ponement of my arrival in California until Oc
tober 1.
My sympathy with the spirit of German life
and German institutions, as represented in the
enthusiasm for the great spiritual leader of
Germany, Goethe, is strong and persistent. Five
years of my life have been spent under the
aegis of Goethe In German universities, and
under the inspiring- influences of German life.
As the German people are scattered throughout
the world and come under the allegiance to
other Governments than those of the Vater
land they will naturally find their allegiance tc
Germany not a political bond but a spiritual
one. and the headship and leadership which
they will recognize is rather such an one as
Goethe symbolizes than any one which prince
or ■■..•■ could embody.
I send my greeting? and best wishes to th«
Germans assembled for the festival and trust
that some future occasion may enable me to
meet the members of the Deutseh-Callfor
nischer Verein in person. Very sincerely yours,
BENJ. IDE WHEELER.
PREPARATIONS FOR THE
VENETIAN CARNIVAL
' Canopy of Electric Lights Will Hang
Over the Lake at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 15.— The work of
preparing the grounds for the Venetian
Water Carnival has been started. Wil
liam Lemcs, the artist and decorator, and
a large force of men will be kept busy
from now until the carnival.
At the I^aurel street entrance is to be a
stalely arch with festoon hangings it
pleasing and artistic design. At night this
arch will be brilliantly illuminated with
myriads of electric lights. Back of the
carnival entrance will be a gorgeously
decorated front, and from the Laurel
street arch to this front Japanese lan
terns will be strung.
The tribunes which face on the river will
be illuminated with numberless lanterns
and will be decorated with thirty-two
7-foot bear flags. The band stand in the
center of the tribunes will be profusely
decorated and illuminated with electric
lights.
Along the Barson side of the river the
entire length is a grove of trees, .md
countless lanterns will be hung from the
branches.
But to outstrip all in brilliancy will b«
the canopy of electric lights over the
river, which will shed dazzling brilliance
over the entire scene.
Mr. Lemos also has the contract for
forty decorated boats to be placed on the
river. The Queen's barge will be some
thing novel and grand.
The California Pioneers have been in
vited to take part in the parade.
♦
WILL FURNISH WATER FREE
Santa Cruz Council Declares Wftr on
Opposition Water Company.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 18.— The city of
Santa Cruz owns a water system and has
declared war on the opposition works con
trolled by the F. A. Hihn Company.
At a meeting of the City cnuritll laFt
night it was decided that after September
1 water will be furnished to the inhabi
tants of the city of Santa Cruz for domes
tic purposes free of charge.
BURNED TO DEATH.
Terrible End of an Insan« Ward in
the Poorhouse.
810 RAPIDS. Mich.. Aug. IS.— The
■ county poorhouse at Stanwood was
i burned last night. The fire started in
j the insane ward. Adolph Murrln was
burned to death. Many of the forty in
| mates in the main building narrowly
escaped.
Can You Guess the Exact Time of the Arrival
of the California Volunteers.
IF SO YOU CAN WIN. $50 AND ALSO HAVE THE HONOR OF DONATING
$50 TO THE GhNERAL FUND OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
■■■■,-••. ■•--' ■ '-.*. *"■'"■.
J~^ VERY BODY is on the tiptoe of expectancy as to the date of the arrival of the California vol-
/l, unteers. Can you guess the exact time, if not how near? To the person who guesses the near-
est to the exact time (day, hour, minute and second) the Sunday Call will give $100, one-half of -
which ($5O) goes to the lucky guesser and the other half ($3O) will be donated in the name of that
person to the general funds of the entertainment committee.
The Merchants' Exchange of this city will furnish the official record of the sighting of the
transport, and from that record the decision will be made.
The terms of the contest are: ;
All guesses must be made on a coupon cut from the Daily or Sunday Call.
Each person is allowed to fill out as many coupons as desired and they may be mailed each day
or all together, at the pleasure of the guesser. .
No coupons will be received or entered into the contest that bear a postmark later than August 20.
Fill out this coupon and mail to Coupon Editor Sunday Call.
'% / Guess That the Transport Sherman With the California Volunteers Will Be Sighted by the +
0 Timekeeper of the Merchants' Exchange at: £
* W?0nth...........® a te.....J(o U r......97?i n ute Second (£) , *
yfamo
I Jfddress. I
THE EMPORIUM. |
«
.
-•
i
•
:.
-
■
.
.
| Saturday Only, j
» 9'Um/Om $16.50:.ni$ 17.50—New / *»&[ Off OCS, Kid Lice *
* A -woo Worsteds, Cheviots and Cassi- Ay (f^J?^ $2 2Sm Shoes- 2
* m?re.-. single or double breasted Sacks t\W^ raodi" «
r ani'3-button Cutaway-, pt-rfectiv tai:- V^vNif'^^ fi9(l bulldog *,
or-d, scb-tantiaiiv trimmed, the litest N^^y^^i^^y toes ad tips,
st)le. To-diy i 3 positively fe last day it /^s^ sewed welt <%
$ on which you cm buy one of t>"pse su: f= soles. as hand- <#•
* at $10.75 9*!i=-»sf' some a3 a $5 ♦
I Men's Pants, - ■lt ■• hoe, regularly sold d ■ the big store for ♦
* mcit T S PantS, S*^ •"Js3pairrall sites—on special saY to-day J
t $193., <Z *U™rtJ*-ti -turday)onlyat J
J closing tim? to-night $1.95 StraVi «ag»^i «
* Boys' I ong ? aT; d ?7B":; /#a Sa/e CpKiiitlll^ ♦
f. £~ *- jj « (h vio"s andp"* 3 »*«a*c? ><ss=ii2ii&*- 3^
* rmtn&SUimS* Brown and Grav'T-ddy Satnr- j^^^%-3,^ ♦
Mixtures, eet'mm — ;r-diy $4^.85 -a. v) on!v v;e of- *
* Boys' r-r c -^.-- * 1 ! ler cur entire C"C r"0^ B*"^^O^aS^ ?
Boys' Ha?.e ah woo, faij ?t:ck of Mea. R «
t PantS iniiis.T;:\?\'Z!v\ Boys' Straw . , .. .. *
».,,,- f 9t ° *« Hat?. p!un mi fancy bra-ids. all Htvlesi. 1
»>4 nd*. aus to a 52-65L t no third off regular J
v Dress Goods Colored Dress prices. «
* £?£>ffoCi»'»M#fi' Goods ' man-v 25c Hats. 17c 1 $1.00 Hits 67- ♦
* Jne*»*iail*»* cf them from the^jc Hat 3...: 30c 51.25 Hats S3s J
* new fail fabrics wh'c . are sellinj so rap 75 Hats 50: ! $1.50 Hats...§l.oo *
* idly, a notable an! choirs collec:ion. *
J fcnjths from l«ta (j An entire^ 5
J '•***■?■)*?* One-quarter off. — .(*-.. new cdi- *
j. marked prices. BOOK If fieri ngm toa con. J
*" 2QtS —?--^^^? [3~-^fe<£^^ :fT =—^^^l^gw^ fistirg of 210 ♦
$ Combs, MkAliMt,. ' &'*:*#*' f/M ■ literature, ■ bound J
"1 **£. "' <^^E^^S**^sxt*ii i ,-—'—' ••<-^ * in an extra n^-
m nTILCm — je^tP^'VVSW^C^ " b*^^^ if bed cloth p-int- «j
f> Thty a-a mads rimU\\\\^^ e^ on go °4 paper ■•>
*of fine Japan Rj|'iif.f|\|flu^ = 'rom inr^'e tvpe '
* shel', two p^pu- H'j'Jililli*'''* .; wtn ' nset *ron -
* lax styes, good j -^^^^-^rfg^^ tisp;eces, gilt tcp. %
? weight and bizbly p}lished —spec to-1 " ""' Fuj.i-hers' reta.l 5*
day only, per pair 12c -i ce 7^c eactl —on special sale Satur- •£-
-* Seasonable p":nted Piquesjua-, each 35c, or three tor....stmOO *
IV wcaav *mm+ white open-work j Aaiocg tl»?e books can be f«nd: ♦
5 SuifiilSSSm Lawns, good grade("Ardith,' "Wormwood" and 'Theidn," *
T _ '%*' ** - Z?phyr Gingham-. by Mr ie Corel! i. i
# C Yarttm fancy Homespuns and "Light Thit Faiied," "Mine Own People" J
& various other up-to-date s ylish Was- and "Piaia Tales From the Hills," by
* Fabric?, ranging in value from 12»j'c to X : pling. ♦
* 16V yard—on special sale to-day;" Over Twist," l40"d Curiosity Shop," «
* on y ...:. .... 7C "David Copperfied." by Dickens. ♦
I Silkolines, »j*- Many titles from Dumas. Rasa N.Carey, «
J Sl!koiineS™J*llyl idl Hiwthorne. Henty. Mar.itt. Hall Came, |
£ 5c Karl/. quaSy fn Kod^! b^c^m^j.h,:.., |
* terns lor comforters and draperies— |*yw^_ Latest stye Washable *
* special sale t>daj oniy, per yard 5C ■"■•»*■ 9 Neckwear, made ,_
* Toilet Soap, R 'se Mii« [Neckwear, of French p er«ie
* U J* 1 *«%*** j*, Toilet Soar o *« M anl Woven Ma- ■*
* 3 CakeS 7 Cm highly peT -3 fOr ZSCm dras. Four-in- ♦
* fumed, ric ly wrappei and put up in Hands or dubs, regular y 25c—on spe- *
J boxes of three cakes each—on special cial sale to-day (Saturday, only *
* sale to-day ony, per box ~ 7c 3 for 25c
*" - *
» *
t Groceries and Liquors. |
J Specials for this day only. «
* Soap—Emporium BaTOn, ' lib bars. Bourbon Whisky — Hermitage «
* to-day 32 bars for -$f.OO 1889, full quart —special at.... «
£ Postum Cereal— The famous •—; "••"•••;• ......SS.OO ♦
{ health coffee, large packsjes-sp>«'al Zlntandel-^ years old ani extra J
* at 18C caoce, Saturday only, quarts, per T
*__ ' "■".■ ""'" :•"• ' ff? dozen 52-50 J
* Hesperian Tomatoes- £*\ ilVe alloa ,o- dc: n fir *mp:v bottles). 1
J Hay wards to-day 4 tins : r2sc iDomSf/o Porter — The best «
a> (Ow.'t / Joz^« to a ***g{* customer). , American Porter that money can buy, <$
* Pancake Flour— A;ntJ.mimas" regularly $1.25 dozen, special to-day *
* —special. to day pr package IQc only 000 *
* j.' Emporium Ha E*^» _ _ «>. **t fia bicritl
f ' ". CAUFWHUfSLJOeESTr-AMEfIICfS GRANDEST STOK. F,"" S
» Evening. rrt*. «
COURT NOTES.
Mrs. Nancy Barnett, 156 Tehama street.
swore to a complaint in Judge Graham's
rt yesterday for the arrest of John
Fritz, who lives on the flat above her. on
the charge of battery- On Thursday night
she called upon him and he threw her
downstairs.
The charge of betrayal under promise
of marriage preferred by Josephine Trit
znik 701 Goiden G?-te avenue, against
James H. Treasure, a liquor dealer, was
dismissed by Judge Treadwell yesterday,
a? there was no evidence to sustain the
charge.
Kat>- Lambert, a girl 17 years of age,
livine on Seventeenth street, swore to a
complaint In Judge Graham's court yes
terday for the arrest of John Lambert.
her brother, with threats against life.
Their mother died recently and left Kate
some furniture and HM in cash. Since
then John has been demanding and get
ting money from her and on Thursday
night he threatened to kill her unless
she gave him more money.
Michael J. Dwyer. 512 Mission street.
w;.s charged in Judge Graham's court
yesterday with vagrancy by his wife. She
declared he had been drunk for a year and
refused to work. At the suggestion of
the Judge he went to St. Ignatius Church
and took the pledge for the twentieth
time, and the Judge op his return to court
said he would give him six months if he
broke his pledge this time.
Ozis Danis. who is jointly accused with
his brother. Albert F. Danis. of grand lar
ceny, is now on trial befor- Judge Law
lor."lt is alleged that they stole $115 from
Otto" Schroder, a grocer at 1315 Mission
street.
The will of the late Lloyd Tevis was ad
THE EMPORIUM.
rnltted to probate by Judge Coffey yes
terday, lienry Wadsworth, one of the
witnesses to the will, testified as to its
authenticity. Mrs. Tevis testified to her
willingness to administer the estate, and
the court admitted the will to probate.
The case of the people against Wells,
Fargo & Co.. instituted for the purpose
of compelling the company to bear its
burden of the war expenses and stamp
documents instead of compelling shippers
to do so, was up before Judge Troutt yes
terday on a motion for judgment on the
pleadings. The court, however, granted
the company permission to file an amend
ment to its answer, after which the case
went over for hearing to the 21st inst.
The application of Mrs. Nettie R. Cra
ven for a family allowance from the es
tate of the late James G. Fair was on
Judge Troutt's calendar yesterday. The
firm of Pence & Pence was made attor
neys of record, after which the case went
over without date.
The San Joaquin and Kings River Canai
and Irrigation Company has applied for
an injunction restraining the California
Pastoral and Agricultural Company from
taking water from the San Joaquin River
above the canal of the plaintiff, and for
JSOOO damages. •
■ ♦ •
Addresses to Ycut:^ "Vlon
A very attractive course of special ad
dresses to young men has been arranged
piv< n by Rev. Leonard Garver at
the Young Men'? Christian Association
for six consecutive Sundays. Mr. Garver
has based his addresses on prominent
characters In modern fiction, and hi
is entitled "Quo Vadis." or "The Conflict
of the Cross." This service to-morrow
afternoon is free to all young men and
commences nromptlv at " o'clock.
56
SATI RDAY AUGUST 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
• Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MULICATIO.N OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
L DITORSAL ROOMB 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
AMUSEMENTS.
I la— "The Liars."
California— "Ab You Like It."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvol!— "Fldelio."
Alcazar— "Under Two Flap?."
Grand Opera-house — "Dorothy."
Chutes. Tjjo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
at] evoninK.
Olympla. corner Mafon and Ellis streets— Specialties,
fcutro Baths— Swimming Races, eta.
Recreation I'ark— Baseball • to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Filipino Wonder Show.
t.)ien I'ark— Grand performance to-morrow.
Alhambra— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit. Wednesday and
Thurtiiay. August S3 and U.
California State Fair. Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
GAGE'S LACK OF PATRIOTISM.
f~* OVERNOR GAGE announces that he will not
( ~~T declare a legal holiday in honor oi the return
— of the California Volunters. He gives this
lame excuse: "If I knew when the ship carrying our
troops would get here I would be glad to make that
day a State holiday. I do not want to make the mis
take of naming the wrong day, and interfering with
business all over the State to no purpose. In order
to make the holiday effective notice would have to
en tv County Clerks all over the State, and
there will be no opportunity to do this when the ship
is sighted."
The executive committee of the celebration desires
that the Governor shall designate the second day after
the arrival r>f the ship as the legal holiday. For ex
ample, if the ship should be sighted on the 22d, the
Governor on that day could issue his proclamation
apart the 24th as the legal holiday. The no
tion that County Clerks throughout the State should
have red tape notice by mail with the great seal of
California attached to parchment is the wildest non
sense. Notice of the designated holiday could be
transmitted by wire to every county of the State
within a few hour?. If the Governor had sense of
propriety or patriotism he would find an easy way to
honor the volunteers and respect the wishes of the
citizens who are making such noble preparations to
me the troops.
When the news reached California on January 15,
1897, that Huntington's scheme had been defeated in
rovernor Budd proclaimed the following
day, January 16, a legal holiday. On this short notice
mess of the State was not paralyzed. The
tion here is to give two days' notice of the
truth may not be acceptable to Gage, but
lie will hear it occasionally whether he likes it or not.
I: he would cease his secret intrigues with Dan Burns
ther shady politicians the people of the State
nould have a higher respect for their chief executive.
ould take half the care to honor the good citi
" as and noble volunteers that he takes to find places
at the public crib for the followers of Burns and
. many good and clean-minded men of the
ho would like to speak well of him would not
feel constrained to apologize for him. His refu-al
te a legal holiday in honor of the return
■ ■ : California, when considered in the
light of the universal tribute to the event which all
of the p>'iple are so ready to pay. shows that
he is deficient in State pride and common sense.
THE PRESIDENTIAL CONVENTIONS.
rR< >M the East, where public interest in political
irs is always keener than on this coast, there
come reports showing that a good deal of atten
tion and tion is already given to the selec
tion of the cities in which the Presidential conven
tions of next year are to be held. Among the cities
n of San Francisco holds a prominent place.
Politicians who have had large experience in na
l] conventions are by no means agreed in favor
of !'■ uch conventions in large cities in the
center of the country. Some of the ablest men in
both panics arc of opinion the huge crowds of out
siders that swarm around conventions in Chicago and
St Louis are detrimental to the work the delegates
have to perform. Again and again such men have
advocated the selection of a city of second rate size
and somewhat removed from the centers of popula
tion. These ir.cn are inclined to favor a convention
in San Fran, i though the people of San
Francisco themselves do not put forward the claims
of the city.
A considerable effort was made to bring to this city I
the conventions of 1896, and at that time the advan
tages of the location for a midsummer convention
roughly presented to the national committees
of both parties. The facts then made known have
been remembered, and it is for that reason San Fran
cisco is now ( ! in the discussion going on
erning the selection of the cities at which shall
be held the conventions of tooo.
It -.vill be well for our citizens to take note of the
ing of the discussion of the subject at this early
[f there 1- to be any strong movement to ob
tain either of the conventions of next year it is time
to begin preparing for it. That our city will have
C ° Tl -•' support in the Hast seems to be well
red. The very remoteness from the centers of
ilation, which has hitherto been urged as an ob
jection to holding a convention here, will now in
be regarded as an argument in our
:\n\ so remote from the East
■ inconvenient for the delegates, alter
ant such earnest citizens as desire to attend a
tion, but it will be too far for the great
of ward strikers and other noisy ghr,gs to come
merely for the sake of shouting for some particular
candidate.
The subject is worth considering, and now is the
time • heed to it. While we are attending to
the patriotic jdy of welcoming home the returning
th< Eastern people are' busy discus
inal politic;. Every feature of the campaign of
is already earnestly debated there. Our city has
■ and again as a probable convention
I; we wish to have that honor let us speak
■
Thi [seems at present to be dominat
braskans. After success in the Philippines
the aul ■ I to attack a stronger foe and
drive the Standard Oil Company out of the State.
■ Federal authorities intend to modernize Ad
miral flagshfp, the Olympja, The cruiser did
not seem to be particularly antique at Manila.
THE FINAL TEN THOUSAND
SO far the people of San Francisco have re
sponded liberally to the call for money to pro
vide a welcome for the home-coming volun
teers. The committee asked for $50,000. and upward
of $40,000 has been contributed or raised by means
of entertainments. Now the issue is to raise the re
maining $10,000.
It is well understood the sum should be contributed
promptly. The transport bearing our brave boys is
well on her way across the ocean. The date of their
arrival is no longer a question of weeks. In a com
paratively few days they will be here. • The committee
should have the full amount required for the reception
hi its hands at once. Is it too much to ask the peo
ple to contribute the remaining $10,000 to-day?
There are some rich corporations that have refused
to contribute anything. No good citizen will feel like
classifying himself with niggards of that kind. Many
such citizens, however, have as yet failed to con
tribute. They have put the matter off from day to
day, believing there is time enough. Now they must
wake up to the fact that but little time remains. Be
fore the close of the coming week the boys will be
here. Everything in the way of street decoration, of
parades, fireworks, receptions, banquets and all forms
of festivities provided for the occasion, must be ready
in time for their arrival.
The sum asked for is comparatively small. With
about $40,000 already subscribed it ought to be easy
for San Francisco to complete the $50,000 asked for.
It will not be necessary for any one to contribute
much, if each will contribute a little.
Citizens of other States are preparing splendid and
bountiful receptions- for their boys on their return
home. Shall the Californians have a welcome inferior
to that of any other? Is this city,"renowned for its
wealth and its' liberality, to let its reception festivals
fall short for the lack of $10,000?
Such . questions answer themselves. Every citizen
should in proportion to his means contribute to tl!e
reception fund. The volunteers we are to welcome are
j not only our fellow-countrymen but our neighbors
and our kinsmen. Through the widespread ramifica
tions of their relationships and friendships they are in
touch more or less direct with almost every household
in the city. Surely where kinship and . friendship
unite with patriotism and State pride to prompt to
a glorious welcome for the returning brave there can
be no incompleteness in the reception.
Let us relieve the committee of further concern
about money, so that all of its energies next week may
be devoted to the preparing of the welcome. Let us
subscribe the final $10,000 to-day.
It is said that many commercial travelers have or
ganized themselves into a bureau of agitation to boom
the aspirations of Augustus Van Wyck of New York
for the Democratic nomination for the Presidency.
The drummers must expect to pay freight on con-id
erable excess baggage this season.
THE PRIZE-FIGHT LAW
BY the death of Franey, the pugilist, from blows
received in a prize-fight at Woodward's Pa
vilion the people of San Francisco receive a
fearful illustration of the working of the Gage prize
fight law. The bill, which was one of the scandals of
the Legislature, was converted into a disgrace to the
State by the signature of the Governor, and has now
resulted in its first tragedy.
At the time the bill was under consideration it was
condemned by all the decent elements of the State.
It was forced through the Legislature by the Burns
■ push, aided by certain Democratic allies, who, like
Burns and his gang, are closely associated with the
rounders and the toughs, whose delight in prize
fighting is in proportion to the brutality of the exhi
bition. Had Governor Gage been in the least degree
careful of public morals, of the dignity of the State
or of his own reputation, he would have vetoed the
bill. He was at that time, however, too eager to
procure the election of Burns to the United States
Senate to deny anything the supporters of Burns do
sired. He signed the bill.
Boxing matches are not in themselves cither brutal
or dangerous. When engaged in by true athletes they
are among the best contests of physical strength
i known to our race. Some of the most eminent men
in onr own country and in Great Britain have been
good boxers and ha(ve delighted* in the exercise. Like
all other sports, however, boxing becomes brut.il
when practiced by brutal people. Just as horse
racing, which was once proudly called "the sport of
kings" ha? been by the laxity of our i;;ws allowed in
many instances to degenerate into a system of gam
bling for touts and blackguards, corrupting to the
community, so boxing when transformed into pme
fighting becomes the pet pleasure of hoodlums and
human brutes, and breeds a menace to the community.
The essence of the Gage prize-fighting law is license
for a brutality almost unlimited. The only restric
tions put upon the toughs are that the fight- must be
hold under the patronage of an incorporated club, tint
i the fighters must wear glove-; of not lc<;s than five
ounces in weight, that the rounds . shall not ex
ceed "a limited number." It was asserted at the time
the bill was under consideration that the restriction of
such exhibitions to. domestic, incorporated athletic
, clubs would put an end to the fake fights and the
frauds which had become so frequent in the State.
We have seen what the restriction is worth. The
"athletic incorporated club" may be composed of
athletes in name only, and its incorporation may be
for no other purpose than to hold prize-fighting ex
hibitions.
In the death of Franey the Gage law has been
worked out (o its inevitable conclusion. The fair
promises marie for it have proven to be false. It is
licensed brutality at best, and in its worst degrees is
j much like murder.
Bryan, Croker. Ahgeld and Belmont are reported
to be the "big four" in Democratic national politics.
The correspondents charitably refrained from insinu
ating what cards these worthy gentlemen represent
i:i the deck, although four four-spots are considered
dangerous in any game except politics.
A PENNSYLVANIA PROBLEM.
A CURIOUS question of constitutional law has
been rai-ed in the politics of Pennsylvania and
has given rise to an excited demand in some
quarters that the Governor be impeached. From its
nature the i-«ue is likely to be interesting to lawyers
and to politicians throughout the Union, since a simi
lar problem nir.y ari=e in other States.
The question turns upon the right of a Governor :o
j refuse to advertise proposed constitutional amend
ments for submission to the people after the Legis
: lati'.rc has in proper form declared such proposed
! amendments shall be advertised and submitted.
By the Pennsylvania constitution any proposed
; amendment must be agreed to by a majority of the
j members elected to each House, and if a majority of
the members next after chosen shall agree to the
amendment, it shalj be submitted to the people. The
| proposed amendment in question was agreed to by
THE »AJN JJ'I«AJN i;i»UU CAXjIj, SAM U KUA X", AUWUM' 119. ISW.
two successive Legislatures according to the law, but
the latter Legislature appropriated no money for ad
vertising purposes, nor. for the installation of a sys
tem of voting by electricity which an election act
called for. The Governor thereupon "vetoed" the
resolution submitting the amendment to the people.
Certain advocates of the amendment have applied
to the court for a mandamus compelling the Secre
tary of the Commonwealth to advertise it, but the
County Court, in which the case has been heard, has
refused to issue the writ. From the brief reports of
the*decision that have come to us it appears the Judge
holds that a Governor has as much right to veto a
proposed constitutional amendment as any other act.
He is quoted by the Philadelphia Record as having
said in the course of his decision: "No satisfactory
reason has been given why the executive (Governor
or President) should not have the same share in
amending the constitution as in other legislation."
So far as Pennsylvania is concerned the issue is not
one of law purely. A good deal of politics is mixed
up with it, for the proposed amendment refers to the
registration of voters and is designed to put a check
upon machine politics. Both the Governor and the
Judge of the County Court are accused of standing
in with the machine. It is for that reason impeach
ment is called for.
The argument against the right of an executive to
interfere with constitutional amendments is strong.
If for any reason he may prevent the submission of
such questions to the people a marked innovation
will be made in our practice, if not in our law. It has
not been the custom to consider executive approval
necessary to a constitutional amendment nor to a
resolution submitting a proposal for one to the peo
ple. If it be true that the Governor of Pennsylvania
has in this case acted in the interest of machine poli
ticians he certainly ought to be impeached. Other
wise it would seem the courts are a good enough re
source, and the decision of the final court on the issue
will be awaited with no little interest.
The first echo of San Francisco's receptions to re
turning volunteers has come back from Nevada. In
passing through Reno on their way to Salt Lake the
Utah boys were high in their praise of the treatment
they had received in this city.
A Johannesburg correspondent cables that the
Transvaal Government is sparring for time. He fails
to state according to what rules — Queensberry or
London prize ring.
BACK DOOR IMMIGRATION.
RECENT revelations of the extent to which
Chinese enter the United States through the
New England States bordering on Canada ha^
led to an investigation of other immigration along the
same route. The result of the examination disclo«e^
that Chinamen are not the only unwelcome persons
who find an easy admittance through what may be
fairly termed the "open back door."
According to the Boston Herald during June and
July 1400 immigrants passed through St. Albans en
route for Xew York. In June there were 730; in July
670. This average of 700 a month is a significant ad
vance upon the summer record of other years. Quebec 1
and Point Levis, according to the report of the Com- :
missioner General of Immigration, received during the
year ending June 30, [897, 1046 people dcstwied for tlie
United States, and in 1898 received 5126. For the year
which closed June 30, 1590., the record shows an in
crease of over 60 per cent, 8196 being admitted. This I
is more significant when it is seen that the same year |
Halifax, the winter port, increased from 696 in 1897 i
and <)42 in 1898 to 3354 in 1899.
It is noted that the bulk of the European immigra
tion coming by that route is made up of Russian Jews
and other people from Eastern Europe. A consider
able proportion of that class of immigrants is known
to be made up of the sort of persons to whom admis
sion to this country is forbidden. Of immigrants ap
plying for admission to Xew York 138 out of eVery
jo.ooo are rejected, but by the Canadian route the rate ,
of rejections was little more than four.
So well known has the route become that it v now
a favorite one with immigrants. St. Albans, Vt., is
but a small town, and yet as an immigrant port during
the years 1898 and 1809 it stood fifth in the list
As our Boston contemporary puts it, "the ranking of
the various ports for the entry of immigrants into
United Stales territory is New York. Boston, Balti
more, Philadelphia and St. Albans. After St. Albans
come San Francisco, Key West, Xew Orleans, Galve3
ton and other ports. Portland; Me., had but 502
United States immigrants in 1898; Halifax 942, and St.
Johns 1276. These comparisons give an idea of what
it means when it is said that Immigration Inspector
Forbes at St. Albans is passing 700 people a month.
It is stated the reason why this heavy immigration
by way of St. Albans has not attracted general atten-J
tion is that as soon as the immigrants are admitted I
they at once pass on to New York, where they are
lost sight of in the vast immigration that pours in at j
that port.
The time has come for Congress to deal with the
immigration problem in earnest. It is evident the j
restriction laws now in force are being evaded all
along the line. They are inadequate even in New
York and in San Francisco, where the closest .watch
is being kept of any ports in the country, but in New
England they appear of no effect at all. In that
section of the Union there is a wide open door for ill
comers, whether from Europe or from China. The
Roston Herald is rendering good service to the coun
try in exposing the evil, and the disclosures made
ought to serve to stimulate Congress to take action
this winter.
The aged prospector who set fire to a Shasta forest
to escape death in a den of rattlesnakes is to be
prosecuted for firing the woods. He might carry the
rattlesnakes to court as an exhibit for the defense.
It is said that the Boer is playing the fox to gain
time in his controversy with the lion. Oom Paul may
find that Britain has played that game too often to
advantage to be caught napping now.
Two hundred persons, many of them children, were
poisoned by lemonade at a picnic held the other day
at Oregon, 111. What a chance for the liquor men to !
get back at the total abstainers.
The newly born Presidential boomlet of Augustus j
Van Wyck is being carefully nursed at the Hoffman j
House. New York. It is not necessary to state that I
it is a bottle infant.
The Democrats and Populists of lowa have united
on a State ticket. This is one of the cases where, so i
the last Presidential campaign proved, in union there \
is no strength.
It is a cold day when a new forge'y is not dis
covered in the Dreyfus case. Jim the Penman would
better look to his laurels.
One of the Ketchum gang of New Mexico has been
caught. He has just cause for a legislative petition
for a change of name. '
A TRICYKLE BUILT FOR NINE
BOSTON has just built the largest cycling machine In the world. It Is a tri
cycle, weighing nearly a ton and standing fully eleven feet high. It requires
nine men to operate it, one to direct its course and eight to propel its ped
als. It attains h great speed, too, considering Its weight, being capable of
over thirty miles an hour.
The machine was built .by the Boston Woven Hose Company, and has been
run by the company upon t he streets of Boston on several occasions. Its great
size has attracted f.or it much- attention. Its driving wheels are each eleven
feet in diameter, and weigh in the neighborhood of 250 pounds. They are rubber
tired and fitted' with ball bearing to facilitate their smooth running. They are
driven by chain Rearing connecting with a double shaft. Four sets of pedals
connect with each shaft, the men sitting in a row between the wheels.
The front Steering wheel is over seven fer>t in diameter. It is controlled by a
chnin and wheel easily handled by one man. He sits in front and guides its course,
evading -obstacles with little difficulty.
On a. level mad one man Could readily push It along from behind, but at least
three would be necessary to move it by the pedals. Eight, however, have no dif
ficulty even in fairly hilly districts.
NEW DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE
By Judge M. T. Dooling
"When In the course of human events it seema advisable for a strong people to
unite with itself a weaker one by political bands of Its own forging, ana to deprive
the latter <>f thai separate and equal station among the powers of the earth to
which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the
opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel
them to such action. '
We hold these truths to bo self-evident: That all men (except Filipinos) are
created equal; that they are endowed (theoretically) by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights; thai among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness;
that to secure These rights (to the stronger) governments are instituted among
men, deriving their ju^t powers from the consent of the governed; that if such
consent be not freely accorded it may i>e compelled by the use of such force as
may be necessary— not to -exceed, according to the latest estimate, a force of 100,
--("i men; that whenever a weaker people, after 300 years spent in a struggle
against oppressors, are about to achieve their independence, it is the right of such
oppressors to transfer their shadowy sovereignty to a stronger power, whose duty
it Bhall become, after s ilemnly declaring that such weaker people are incapable of
self-government, to Institute a new government, laying its foundations on such
principles and organizing its powers in such form as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their own profit, their own power anil their own giory.
Providence, indeed, will dictate that it be first determined that such struggling
people are Incapable of successful resistance, as all experience hath shown that
mankind are more disposed to claim for themselves the privilege of self-govern
ment than to accord it to their neighbors, and that the right of one. nation to pre
scribe the fnrm of government to which another shall be subjected depends entire
ly upon Its military force, and that thi extent of such right is measured wholly
by the physical power available to impose such government upon an unwilling
people. But when a long train of actions, pursuing invariably the same object,
evinces a design on the part of the weaker people to tree themselves from des
potism and to establish their own Independence, it is the right, it is the duty of the
stronger nation, If it but have the power, to subdue such people and impose upon
them such government as will provide tor the stronger new sources of future
profit. Such are the conditions which confront the United States, and such is now
the necessity which constrains them to alter their former theories of government.
i ' . recent history of the Filipinos is a history of resistance to repeated injuries
and usurpations, having for its direct object the prevention of a foreign govern
ment over their Islands. To prove this let facts be submitted to a candid world.
They have refused to recognize Spain's right to sell ;hem to us while they were
co-op< rating with us in an endeavor to overthrow the Spanish power.
'I"! ey have become rebels by r< sisting our pretensions, although they were pa^
triots while resisting the pretensions of Spain.
They have refused to accept the form of government which we shall prescribe
for them, although no man on earth knows what manner of government that will
be.
They have refused their assent to laws, which we have not yet passed, for their
(and our own 1 good, in the framing of which they cannot ascertain if they will be
permitted to have a voice.
They are unwilling that laws of Immediate and pressing importance should be
suspended In their operation until our assent should be Obtained.
They have refused to relinquish the right of representation in the Legislature";
a right inestimable to them, but <£ which it is our undoubted privilege (again if
we have the power) to deprive them.
They have obstructed the administration of Justice by refusing their assent to
our laws (to be hereafter enacted) for establishing judiciary powers.
They have objected to their Judges being made dependent on our will alono
fur the tenure of their offices and the amount mid payment of their salaries.
They have objected to the erection of a multitude of new offices and .he send
ing thither of swarms of officers to harass ihelr people and eat out tluir sub-
Btanc^.
'1 hei- have objected to the keeping among them in times of peace of
standing armies without the consent of their Legislatures.
i '!'• ■ have objected to the military being rendered independent of and su
perior tO '!-e Civil POW< r.
They have objected to our subjecting them to a Jurisdiction foreign to the.ir con
stitution and unacknowledged by their laws and to our proposed nets of pre
tended legislation: for quartering large bodies of armed troops among them: for
cutting oiT their trade with all puns of the world; for imposing taxes upon
them without their consent, for depriving ;.hem in many cases of the benefits
of trial hy jury; for transporting mem beyond seas to be tried for pretended
offenses; for abolishing th> ir own system ill laws nnrt establishing in its stead
an arbitrary government, gradually enlarging its powers bo as to render it a
fit instrument for introducing absolute rule ! nto their Islands; for taking- away
their Independence, abolishing their most valuable laws, and altering fundamen
tally their forms of government; for suspending their own Legislatures and de
claring ourselves invested with power to legislate for them in all cases whatso
ever.
They have objected to our declaring them out of all protection and waging
war against them.
They have objected to our plundering their seas, ravaging their coasts,
burning their towns and destroying the lives of their people.
They have objected to our transporting at this time large armies of
strangers to their soil to complete the works of death, desolation and tyranny
already begun with circumstances of perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most
barbarous ages and totally unworthy the head of a civilized nation.
In every stage of these repeated resistances they have endeavored to ascer
tain what we proposed to do with them. We have constantly replied with de
mands for unconditional surrender and pharasalcal platitudes about "a certain
measure of self-government." Before resisting our encroachments and while
still acting »r. our allies they sent representatives to our Government to as
certain our purpose, but we refused to receive them or to give the slightest ir.ti
mation of our intentions.
Nor have they been wanting in attention to our peoj^e. They have warned us
from time to time of attempts by our armies to extend an unwarranteable jur
isdiction over them. They have reminded us of the circumstances of their birth
in ownership of and love for their islands. They have appealed to our native
Justice and magnanimity and have conjured us by the "memory of out own strug
gle for liberty to disavow these usurpations i<n<i to concede to them the same
rights which we claimed for ourselves and which we are prepared to enforce i n
the face of all mankind. We. too, have been deaf to the voice of justice and of
tradition. They must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity which denounces our
separation and hold us as they hold the rest of mankind— enemies in war; in
pease, friends.
Now, therefore, the Jingoes of th« United States, through the whole country
disseminated, adopting this new declaration, do in the name of but without any
authority from the people of this country solemnly publish and declare thnt the
Philippine Islands and all the people thereof are and of right ought to he subject
and aep< ndeni colonies; that we are absolved from all allegiance to the constltu
tion of the United States and the history and traditions of our Government' that
we have full right, if we can but muster the power, to subjugate strange and dis
taut peoples with whom we have nad no relation, who have never molested or
interfered with us, and of whose very existence nine-tenths of our people hive
hnd 1 : r til recently but a shadowy idea: and to this declaration and for that subiu!
gation we hereby pledge unlimited treasure exacted from our people and number"
less lives of the youth of our country.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. M. Whitney of Honolulu is a guest at
the Occidental.
John H. Garbor is registered at the
Grand from Salinas.
H. Alexander, a prominent business man
of San Jose, is at the. Lick.
Henry A. Piper and wife are registered
at the Palace from Cambridge, Mass.
F. A. Schneider, a bis merchant of San
Joee, is at the Lick with his family.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Cali
fornia was A. K. Whittori of San- Jose.
W. H. Norway, a wealthy land owner of
Santa Barbara, is a guest at the Russ.
Isnae Upham left last evening for a two
months" visit to his old home in Maine.
E. P. Follinsbee, one of the leading at
torneys of Marysville. is a guest at the
Lick.
Captain A. "v\*. Keller of the ship Pal
myra is one of last night's arrivals at the
Russ.
Nathan Colo, a well-known and popular
politician of Los Angeles, is at the Cali
fornia.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Van Voorheis have
come down from Sacramento and are at
the Occidental.
George 11. Carson has come up from
his home in Los Angeles and is staying
at the Occidental.
F. Makandean, a traveler from Paris,
arrived on the overland last evening and
went to the Palace.
The Owl train from Los Angelas arrived
In the city four hours behind time yes
terday, being delayea by a slight accident
at t>os Palos. The tender of the engine
was derailed at a culvert about eighty
yards from the station. No one was in
jured and no great damage was done.
Colonel John T. Harrington has come
down from his home in Colusa and is
staying at the Lick.
- Dr. A. Fenge. one of the best known
physicians of Pasadena, fs among the late
arrivals at the Occidental.
J. L. Weaver, adjutant general of the
Idaho National Guard, is at the Grand
accompanied by his daughter.
A. C. Pratt, a wealthy mining man of
Carson, is registered at the Grand. Mrs
Pratt accompanies her husband.
A. L. Levinsky. a well-known attorney
and leading politician of Stockton is
among the recent arrivals at the Palace
United States Immigration Commis
sioner North will leave in a' few days for
a vacation, which he will spend in Europe
On his return to the United States he will
visit Commissioner Powderly at Washing
ton and confer with him as to the man
ner of handling immigration at this port
He will return to this city in November. >
" ■ '. : » ■» ■ '
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. IS.-W. E. Davis
of Ban Francisco is at the Johnson. M.
A. Weber of Los Angeles is at the St.
James. F. L. Barnett of San Francisco
is at the Howard House.
■ «» ■
The Philippines by Stersopticon.
John \V. Taylor, v.-ho has but recently J
returned to this city from an extenxlvo
tour through the Philippines, will give an
illustrated lecture at the Young Men's j
Christian Association Auditorium, Masan
and Ellis streets, this aveniuc ax i. o'clock, j
This is the second In the series of popular
Saturday nights at the association and is
open to the public, a small fee of 10 ceres
being charged merely to cover expenses.
» ♦ .
Thanks for The Call.
To the Editor of The Call—Sir: A mo
tion was unanimously adopted that a sin
cere vote of thanks be tendered The Call
for its excellent notice given to the delib
erations and festivities of the second ses
' Blon of the convention of State organiza
tion of the National Association of Master
Plumbers for the Northern jurisdiction
Of California held in San Francisco Au
gust 14, 15 and 16. 1893. Most respectfully,
chas. b. McCarthy,
State Secretary.
» ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
THE SHERMAN— W. J. R.. City. The
speed of the Sherman Is twelve knots.
THE POPOCATEPETL— Subscriber, J.
T:.. City. The announcement of the sale
of tin Popocatepetl in Mexico was pub
lished in The Call of .July 16. 18».
MARINE FIREMEN'S TXION— J. M.,
City. This department is Informed that
the initiation fee of the Marine Firemen's
Union is $50.
COLFAX WEATHER- A. M. 0.. City.
The average temperature in Colfax, C.il.,
(hiring the m<.nth of August, 1896, was
59.1; in lvT. 57.7, and in 1898, 57.9.
THE McDOWELL— L. S. R. Oakland,
Cal. Permits to sail on the Government
tup McDowell are to be oßtained at Army
Headquarters In the Phelan building, fan
Francisco.
PARK MUSEUM— Egypt, City. Ac
cording to the compass the museum huild
! ing in the park of San Francisco faces a
line that runs from northwest to souih
»ast
LETTERS TX THE BIBLE— S. L. A.,
City. It is asserted that in the Bible
there are 3,566,480 letters; that Is. the Kin?
James Bible, ff you hive any doubt as to
the correctness of this answer you are at
liberty to count for yourself.
SEWING MACHINES IT. R., Willats,
Cal. As this department is not an ad
vertising department it cannot advertise
the firm that manufactures the particu
lar sewing machine you ask about.
PEDRO— L. . Merced. The question as to
certain points in the game of pedro is r.ot
sufficiently clear to admit of an answer.
The details of "the game up to the time
the point was raised should be given.
A CHARLOTTE COIN- M. C, City. A
five-dollar piece coined in 1847 and hav
ing on it the letter C is one that was
coined in the mint at Charlotte, N. C. It
does iiot command a premium. The sell
ing price is from $7 50 to $8 50.
THE COTILLON— W. D.. City. In
dancing the cotillon the dancers should
assume the most graceful positions.
Those who stoop do so as a matter of af
fectation and believe that it is pretty,
but there are many who do not think
it is.
RELATIVES— A. F.. City. A relative
who is entitled to visit the soldiers who
shall be in the nave of the ferry building
on the occasion that the breakfast is to
be given to them should apply for a badge
from the committee at the First Regiment
Armory, at the corner of Page and Gough
streets.
PAYMASTER— Sub. Oakland. Cal. Pay
masters in the United States army are ap
pointed from thf offic< rs in the army.
The pay of a paymaster is according to
tN' raiik he holds In the army. In the
of the calling <>f volunteers into the
service the President appoints pay
masters, selecting such from the regular
army. .
GIRL STUDENTS* HOME— C. C. P.,
i San Jose, Cal. There is a girl students'
home at No. 4 Rue de Chevreauee, also
the I^a Fayette Home on Rue de la I 1 mp
in Paris; France, which was founded by
Dr. Evans, the famous dentist. 'I hose are
places where girl students can. if they
are without Relatives or home of their
own, find the comforts of a horre.
FOURTEENTH INFANTRY— A. 9.,
Berkeley, Cal. There is n<> such company
as "Company K. Fourteenth Infantry,
California." If you mean by. your ques
tion Company K . First California, now
returning from the Philippines, the an
swer is that you can obtain a copy of ihe
raster of that company by addressing a
communication to the office of the adju
tant general, N. < I. ('., at Sacramento.
ARMS— H. E. :<.. City. It has been dis
covered by measurements made in Lon
don, also by tests, that 50.9 per cent of
men nave the right arm stronger than the
left; lfi.l per cent have both of eojja!
strength, and 32.7 per cent have the left
arm stronger than the right. Of women
46.9 per cent have the right arm stronger
than the left, 2.'>.4 th>> left stronger than
the right, and 2S.K per cent have both arms
of . iiual strength.
A CASUAL— G. B. C, City. If a soldier
"was a member of Company 22 of the cas
uals at the Presidio and was sent to Man
ila on the Indiana to be assigned to a.
regiment there," and you wish to write to
him "but do not know how to address
him." call at army headquarters, Phelan
building, San Francisco, and there you
will be informed to whom the casual was
ordered to report Then you can address
thc> letter to the party, in care of that
officer. •
MEDALS— J. B. K. and E. J. M., City.
The medals that are to be distributed by
the Native Sons' committee are intended
for those who as volunteers entered the
service of the United States from Cali
fornia during the Spanish-American war.
It Is not intended to give a medal and
certificate to "one who vo-lunteered but
was rejected by army and navy." Medals
will be given to those who volunteered
and were accepted, no matter what
branch of thf* service, land or sea, or
what duty assigned to.
TAMING HORSES E , City. Tt has
been asserted that the Sioux Indians tame
the wildest horses in ten minutes. And
this is how it is said that they do It:
"They select from a wild herd the horse
they think best calculated fq.r service, tie
his "four legs together, throw him violent
ly to the ground, breathe Into his nostrils
find ears and then cut the thongs, sitting
him at liberty. The horse rises td his feet,
and stands trembling-, perfectly tamed. It
is stated that the horse If turned again
into the herd from which he was taken
would quit ?he herd and return to those
who conquered him."
NUMERATION' H. M. City. Why
there should be a difference in different
countries as to the manner of expressing
in figures a billion it- something that has
puzzied a great many, but as it is the
custom ol ea"ch coi i trj using it. the man
ner of numeration will remain as it is
until all countries shall adopt the sim
ples-t method. The French and other Con
tinental arithmel - express the first fig
ure as units, then tens, then hundreds,
following the same nomenclature with
the next three figures, so there is units
of thousands, tens ol thousands and hun
dreds of thousands: the seventh figure
expresses units of millions, the eolith
tens of millions and the ninth hundreds
of millions; the fourth group of figures
is denominated billions, and go fa . lV
threes. In Great Britain the m-!: d
there is a change, for instead ol
billions after hundreds of millions, ■
thousands of millions, ten thousands of
millions Mid hundred thousands of mil
linns, and then billions. This system
tends to makr- the system more compli
cated than the other.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt» at Townsjnd's. •
Special Information supplied dally t»
fcusiaess houses and public men by ihe
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien^s). 510 'klorn
tjonu-ry street. Telephone Main IJ-42. •
■ »■ m
New S. P. Depot at Coalinga
The Southern Pacific • Company has
started the erection of a new depot at
Coalings, on its Ooshen line, for the stor
age of the big oil shipments it expects to
handle in the near future from the fields
of that section of the country. The build
ing will be of the regulation size, and it
is expected that it will he ready for busi
ness in forty days at the outside. ,
■ » i» .
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30, the popular Sante Fa
route will soil tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the vtry low rate of $SS 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment. G. A. K. Call at
62S Market st. for full particulars.
■ o ■
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs Is Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bit
ters. Try It. Be sure to get the zenulo*.SAILORS ON THE
IOWA GROW LING
ABOUT THE FOOD
Friends Have to Send
Them Provisions.
SLUMGULLION-CRACKER HASH^
TWO DAINTIES SERVED OUT TO
UNCLE SAM'S BOYS.
Jack Tars Wanted Captain Terry to
Allow Them to Form Messes
and Buy Their Own Food,
But He Refused.
There la a howl gains up from 420 men
on the United States battleship lowa over
the f - rved out to them by Un
cle Bam. The Ballon assert that their ra
tions are practically the same at --a and
in port. What the strict letter of the law
KB them they get, and any little deli- j
caclea or change of diet the men may
hanker after has to be smuggled aboard.
It is nothing: unusual to see l.alf a dozen
people at the landing wit! steaks and
chops and other articles >f food every
time the lowa's boat corr?s in from the '
ship. These are Bent oat to the men
aboard and prove a very welcome addi- i
tion to the regular m nu served to the
forecastle hands.
"Things have come o such a pass," said
John A. Sherman, s aman on the battle
ship, yesterday, "that we are now ob
of charity. La.-- lay we received
a donation of a >- ick of potatoes, a sack
of onions and a sack of corn from the I
keeper of a ii' <>rious dive on Dupont i
street. It makes me blush to think of mv j
brav<- comrai a making a meal of stuff
purchased with 'blood money.' but I can't |
blame them While In port they have a
tight to tn stuff, and as) Captain Terry ;
will not all >w us to form messes and pur
chase our own food, what tun we do? !
When we wanted to club together twenty
five or ; ilrty men in a mess and each put
in a dollar or so each month Captain
Trrry lold us we would make too much
dirt i:' we cooked our own grub. So the
boys have to full back on the dive keep- i
its and th<»ir friends for steaks and
. rnz*. butter and milk.
. the dive keeper knows his
business and is only throwing out a sprat
■ h a mackerel. The men think him i
a rip. Fellow and crowd his house j
on pay day. our bill of fare since we ar
- in Francisco ha,s be.-n about as I
beef four times a week. !
salt hcrse (corned beef) twice a week and
: meat once a week for dinner. For j
br< ikfast we get beans three times a j
week at least, and the rest of the time ;
crarker hash, shimgulllon. burgo or rice. |
Cracker hash and slumgullion are two de
le dishes I would like to set the
n who calls this a sailor's yarn
down to. Cracker hash is made from
hardtack soaked In water, with the addi
tion of a little slush grease and some I
d meat— a most disgusting mess.
!>iumg;;!lion Is made by pounding some
canned meat in a bucket of water and then
heating the whole mess in the oven. Boot-
Si a Is .ii!";h<T dish I would like you
try. It is as black as In
as bitter as wormwood. Occa
tea, but never milk.
■-■•■i butter twice a week, but such
It would make any axle squeak It I
put on, I can tell you. There are j
thirty-three men in my mess, and thr>-.>
' • -tuff lasted us five days, so |
you can imagine what vile trash "it Is. '
"Vhy, had it been k ilt would not have j
: a day. We gf-t spuds once a week
and < orn and peas also, but in such quan- '
titles. One cun of corn or peas has to !
nun. Once a month the peas i
m Is cooked In a batter made out
ir and w.it- r, and then it hats to I
serve twelve men. For supper we get j
'. meat, stewed apples or prunes, '
n:.d ■•:: ■ in a while canned salmon — one j
can to six men. Such dainties as eggs. !
■ak or spud hash are not to be 1
tned of in our bill of fare. What I
can't understand Is the fact that the ,
Government Insists upon feeding us;
canned mi ats at from 12 to 16 cents per
pound, while th<- best fresh meat can be
I t for 9 cents a pound or less.
"Last night I had the best supper I
have eaten In many a day. It was a
plirf of canteloupe, a peach, some canned '
Falmon and good butter. We had to thank '
the Dupont-street dive for that. This
morning we had spud hash— again thanks ;
to the Dupont-street dive. There were
two sack. 1 - of Bpuds, and they had to go
around 420 men, but we had enough.
"It costs the Government $9 30 a month j
for each man's food. There Is no charge
for help, light or fuel, and no wear ana '
tear. I don't know how It Is. but if we i
had that $9 30 each and added a couple :
ol dollars a month each to it we could
live like fighting cocks."
Captain Terry says the men get every
thing that the rules and regulations call j
for; that they an allowed to bring dell-'
aboard, but that if the ship was i
divided up Into messes and each mess al- j
lowed to buy its own stores th.-r.- would
' dless confusion, and more odds and
: ought aboard than the ship's store
r<"ini j could hold. Still, the H.v*t>'m has
tried and proved <■< success on other
Warships of Uncle Sam's navy.
This Is not a new growl on the part of '
ih>- lowa's crew. The men have been j
complaining ever sine- last February, hut
It does not seem to have done them much i
good. The ]owa is the only one of the !
White Squadron on this coast on which
then has b>en a persistent complaint
about the food.
OUR BLANCHE
IN THE ROLE
OF ROSALIND
6 6 <77=Tf> 8 YOU I.IKE IT," presented
II Vy at the California Theater last
l~ — :A night, was not altogether as
U \), I like It. For the demands
of Shakrspeare's pastoral
comedy the Frawley Company has prov
en Itself Inadequate. The real spirit of
the play, so familiar to the old theater
goer, was almost lacking and an epidemic
of recitation seemed to have seized upon
the cast, not to be shaken.
The first act tests the strength of the
company as a whole, and here the per
formance awoke but little Interest, sug
gesting strongly as It did the fumbling
A Lost
Opportunity !
That's what the retrospect will be If
V' f , i a don't decide quickly to get Into oil.
Now is the time. Stocks that are selling
to-day at a few dollars per share will
aring hundreds and possibly thousands
WHEN OIL IS STRUCK.
We have 2000 acres right in this wonder-
ful Panoche belt. The leading experts
leelare it positively oil bearing. Sinking
Df wells commences immediately. Our
stock is $4 per share now. Don't wait
until oil is struck and it's selling in the j
lundreds, or It will be o,nly another case
>t "lost opportunity."
A FEW SHARFS
Purchased now may mean ease and com-
tort Instead of drudgery and self-denial
Ihe balance of your life.
Prospectus With Full Particulars Fru.
"IV/OH CONSOLIDATED OIL AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
322-323 Parrott Building. San Francisco.
DIED AFTER YEARS
OF PUBLIC SERVICE
HON. J. WEST MARTIN.
EARLY yesterday morning J. West Martin, a citizen of California, who
was widely known and highly esteemed, died at his home, 720 Fourteenth
strret, Oakland. Mr. Martin Was an enterprising public-spirited man of
affairs; While he attained much prominence in banking circles, the ser
vice which he rendered to the University of California in the Board of
Regents and in the Constitutional Convention of 187S-79 will be recorded
to his credit long after his record of business successes has passed out of the
minds of the people. He was appointed Regent of the University in IFSS and
served continuously until the beginning of the present year. He was elected
to the Constitutional Convention in IS7B, and with J. W. Winans and Judge
Hager, who were also members of the convention, zealously and effectively es
poused the cause of the university. They succeeded in obtaining a declaration
In the convention that the university should ever be a public trust. That dec
laration lifted the institution above the low plane of politics and placed behind
it the credit of the commonwealth. When J. West Martin a few months ago
retired from his long period of service on the board his fellow Regents adopted
resolutions testifying to the high character of his work in behalf of the Insti
tution.
J. West Martin was born In Maryland in 1R22. He first settled in Mem
phis, Term., after leaving Maryland, and there engaged in mercantile pursuits.
He came to California in 1853, settling in Livennore Valley. For a number of
years he gave his time and attention to stock raising. As his acquaintance
widened and his business faculties developed he sought a larger field for his
energies. He moved to Oakland and became interested in banks and corpora
tions. Subsequently he was chosen president of the Union Savings Bank, and
was also elected president of the Oakland Gas Light Company. The people
of Oakland, having high regard for his business abilities and ample faith In
his Integrity as a man, elected him Mayor of the city. His administration of
municipal affairs was highly creditable.
Many years ago Mr. Martin married Mrs. Jane Carneal, a daughter of
Hon. Henry S. Foote of Mississippi, and leaves surviving him one son, Shelby
Foote Martin, paying teller of the Union Savings Bank. Mr. Martin was also
the uncle of Hon. William D. English, Warren ii. English ajid John M. Eng
lish.
The funeral of Mr. Martin will be held to-morrow afternoon from St.
John's Episcopal Church, Oakland.
of amateurs. The wrestling: scene was •
absurd because the combatants were bo
unevenly matched. An audience cannot j
be thuseaslly deceived. The entrance of ;
l>e Beau, Mr. Mat nun. was a disappoint
ment, for he was not the courtly simple- i
ton, but a counterfeit, trying earnestly
to do his best. The usurping Duke, Wa.
lace Shaw, was without color, life or
spirit, and his lack of decision prevented
Rosalind's reproving speech from being
what it should be — angry sarcasm, and
delivered as such.
There was no good note of human fel
lowship struck In the forest, for the ban
ished Duke, Charles King, spoke his lines
without heart or conviction. Jacques, Mr.
Reynolds, looked too comfortable and
happy to suggest the libertine, sick of the
world's pleasures and full of false moral
izing and cynicism. Ho had no such
moods, and so the Duke ha 3 little to cope
with. Touchstone. Mr. Armory, was un
evenly good, and Cella, Miss Van Buren,
too demonstrative. They all seemed sub
merged in their parts, not by any single, :
definite limitation, but rather because
they have not been schooled in Uje legltl- I
mate and the rehearsals have beert in
adequate, j
Weighted thus Miss Hates and Mr.
Hlckman ' did surprisingly good work.
Never have I seen a more charming pic
ture than Miss Hates presented as the I
boy. She was plainly very nervous at]
first, so that her roguish martial air in- j
tentlons were somewhat defeated and tho ;
colloquial wit did not exert its full influ- •
ence on the audience. But from the mo- I
ment she spoke the words. "Woo me. woo
me." she seemed to lose herself in tho
part and became very charming. In ac
tion and portraiture she suggested Ada
Rehan, but In delivery she struck the key
of winsome maldenliness. The rollicking
spirit will oome with experience in the
part, which now has what many another |
has lacked— a high-bred bearing and a ;
charming archness. The befooling of her I
lover was not done well, but this, too. i
may have been the result of nervousness, i
Mr. Hlikman made a graceful entrace in j
the front scene, delivered his lines Him- i
ply and earnestly, and thus won my sym
pathles at th*> "start. He rave a most I
conscientious performance of the part, j
f.ri'i though physically handicapped. Im- j
bued himself so' with the sentiment of tha
character that Rosalind's love for him j
Beemed a most natural consequence. Miss |
Mnulil was too crisply dressed as Phoebe
and rather strident in her delivery. Mrs.
Bates made n very good Audrey, almost
losing her Identity, so clever was her
make-up. The Forest of Arden was ao
prettily set that It should hnve inspired j
the characters to better work. "As You
I.lke it" is the most exacting of Bbnke-
Bpeare'a com»dir>s, and two people, how
ever threat, cannot carry the fiction on to
success. CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
LABOR COUNCIL AFFAIRS.
Newspaper-Carriers' Delegates Were
Refused Admission to the Body.
The application of the newspaper car
riers for admission into the Labor Coun
cil provoked a long and tedious discussion
at the meeting last night. The principal
objection was that the carriers are not
wage-workers within the strict meaning
of the constitution of the Federation of
Labor.
Delegate P. H. McCarthy made a strong
Pica for the admission of the men who
distribute the newspapers, hut on a final
vote they were refused admission by 17
noes against 11 • ayes. .Delegate Furu
seth moved as an amendment that the re
jection be only temporary and the secre
tary be instructed to correspond with the
*^deration of Labor as to the standing of
the newspaper carriers under the supreme
laws governing the labor organization
The 'boiler-makers' delegate brought un
the question of th* men of his union who
are working on the transport Hancock
at the Union Iron Works and who are
compelled to labor nine hours a day A
special committee of three was appointed
to interview Major Long on the sublet
and if the necessary satisfaction cannot
be obtained from him a communication
.will be forwarded to the Secretary of the
Navy. •>
Bay Excursions
On the Uklah are always enjoyable.
Everybody asked for ticketß on her for
the volunteers' tay parade. It is just the
same Sundays on the El Campo excursions.
Follow the crowd four times a day and
you board the Uklah bound for the beau
tiful bay resort. The old grow young
there and the young grow healthy. Only
a few Sundays more this season.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
SAYS THAT SHE
WAS CRAZY AT
HER MARRIAGE
Bride of But Three
Short Days.
ROMANCE OF A BIRD-TRAINER
UNUSUAL SUIT FILED BY EILEEN
MONTAGUE.
Asks That Her Marriag-e Be Annulled
on the Ground That She Was In
competent — Judge Dunne's
Views.
On the Bth of this month Edward B.
Montague, who dally t-xhlbits a troupe c;'
trained birds at a local department store,
took as his wife Mrs. Elk-en Wilklns of
this city. Yesterday Mrs. Montague filed
suit against "her husband praying for. a
judgment declaring the marriage void.
The plaintiff alleges that when she en
tered into the marriage contract with her
husband she was insane, but recovering
her it ason on the 12th inst. immediately
left him and refuses to longer dwell In hid
home.
Justice of the Peace' Dunne, who mar
ried the couple, was greatly surprised
when he heard the news of the tiling of
the suit and the ground on which It wan
brought. In his opinion Mrs. Montague
has simply set forth that she was Insane
for the reason that no other cause exists
On the day of the ceremony Mrs. Monta
gue was not only sane but very happy
judge Dunne says, so far as outwaru
manifestations can be accepted by thop.>
unlearned in the diseases of the mind. Sho
said that she had been married before and
had divorced her husband, but she hoped
(flat the present union would be without
unhappy results. The Judge performed
the ceremony and then for naif an hour
they sat In the courtroom and conversed
Mrs. Montague entered into the conversa
tion with intelligence, and now that tho
claim that she was insane at the time is
made Judge Dunne Is naturally looking
for another cause for tho bride's dissatis
faction and her speedy efforts to untie the
narltal knoU
TERESA BELL RESIGNS.
Robina M. . Muriel, Reginald and Eustace
Bell have left the "House of Mystery"
and their mother, Teresa Bell; and have
gone to live with Marie Bell, whom they
believe to be their sister, but whom Mrs.
Hell claims is not of their blood. Yester
day Mrs. Bell filed her resignation with
Judge Coffey as the guardian of her chil
dren and the duties incumbent upon that
position .will be assumed by Marie. On
June 21 the children, according to the res
ignation filed by Mrs. Bell, went to five
with Marie and have since remained in
her custody. Mrs. Bell says that at that
time she was led to believe that Marie
had been appointed their guardian In her
stead, but she has since discovered that
she was in error. Hence her resignation.
In an accompanying report Mrs. Beli
says that no estate remained In her hands
at the settlement of the last account filed
by her in the matter of their guardian
ship. She has received no money since,
and hence her application for discharge.'
■ ♦ ■
Engineers Elect Officers,
At a meeting of the California Associa
tion of Civil Engineers held last evening
the following officers were elected to serve
during the ensuing year: M. M. O'Shaugh
nessy, president; T. W. Morgan. vlo« pres
ident; Lyman Bridges, F. T. Newberry, S.
Harrison Smith, Charles E. Moore and H.
K. Muller, directors. Otto Van Gelden was
elected secretary, and the position of
treasurer was given to F. T. Newberry. \
■ m ■ :f :
Dr. T. E. Shumate has | returned from
Europe and moved his office to 794 Sutter.*
KEENAN WILL
HAVE A DOUBLE
DEFENSE LINE
Attorneys Advance
Provocation.
WHY HE SHOT HIS SPOUSE
TEMPORARY INSANITY BUT ONE
OF THE CONTENTIONS.
It Is Also Alleged That the Prison
er's Divorced Wife Stabbed Him
Four Times Before He
Shot Her.
Patrick Keenan's defense is now under
way before Judge Dunne. After the
cross-examination of Ella Keenan, daugh
ter of the accused, J. N. E. Wilson, who
with Attorney T. J. Lennon has under
taken the defense of the accused, made
the opening statement. He said that he
would show that Keenan was not in his
right mind at the time he shot hia di
vorced wife, Anna, Domestic fury, he
said, had unhinged his mind, and when
the fatal shot was fired it was but the
culminating act in a domestic tragedy of
months, that left the mind of the pris
oner in a condition of complete irrespon
sibility. He also said that he expected
to prove that Mrs. Keenan had stabbed
her slayer four times before he fired the
fatal shot, and hence only did that which
j the law privileged him to do — defend his
I own life.
Gavin McNab. who was Keenan's attor-
I ney, te.stltied that Keenan had acted in an
erratic manner after the divorce, and alsn
that before that time the prisoner had
frequently asked his assistance in procur
ing him a position outside tho Fire De
partment, that he might be with his fam
ily. Joseph Mogan, former steward at the
i Receiving Hospital, testified that there
: were four knife wounds in the defend-
I ant's breast. In the region of the heart.
James Hudson and Thomas MeGovern
' also testified that Keenan had acted In
a strange manner after his wife, of whom
ihe was very fond, secured a divorce.
Henry H. Wcyman, T. J. Crowley, Charles
' Armayer, J. P. Britt. Thomas T. Will
iams. "Charles Hlnckley and Mrs. Kather-
Ine Wlchman testified to about the same
i facts, after which the case went over un
i til Monday.
SAILOR KNIFE WIELDER
! Carlos Valciez Stabbed in the
Back by Francisco
Garcia.
There was a cutting affray on the Pa
cific Mail Company's steamer Barracouta
yesterday morning that will probably
prove fatal. Francisco Garcia, a Mexican,
and Carlos Valdez, a Peruvian, got into
an altercation over a pair of shoes in the
forecastle of the vessel. From words they
CARLOS VALDEZ.
came, to blows and Garcia slapped Valdez
in the face. The latter slapped back and
then turned and ran away. As he ran
Garcia struck at him with a knife and
stabbed him Just below the rlsht kidney.
Garrla was arrested and charged at the
Central station with assault to murder.
Valdez was taken to the Harbor police
station, where I'r. Dorr attended to his
wounds. He Is in a precarious condition
and may die.
The transport City of Sydney sailed for
Manila last night with about S.'ii) recruits
and marines. The latter are to r*»li< ye
time-expired men on the warships and the
recruits are for General Otis' army. The
transport Siam will complete her cargo
of mules to-day and will depart this after
noon.
The American ship Kenilworth has se
cured a first-class crew of A B's. thanks
to the p.xertlon of Charles McCarthy, the
shipping master, and will sail for Europe
to-day. Captain Taylor is very much
plpased with his men, and as Ihe ship is In
good shape he hopes to make a quick run
to Liverpool.
The scnooner Anita has arrived at San
Diego with thirty tons of dynamite and a
lot of sails and fittings from the wreck
of the schooner Stella Erlanri. The Er
land sailed from here six months ago on a
cruise to the Gulf of California, but was
wrecked in Magdalena Bay.
NOTABLE REUNION OF
ST. BRIGID'S PARISH
A Big Picnic to Be Held in Schuetzen
Park on Admission Day — List
of Committees.
Admission day will mark an epoch In
the annals of St. Brigld's Church. On
that day the parishioners will hold a
errand reunion in Schuetzen Park. Music
will be furnished by the Second Artillery
I Regiment band, valuable pate and game
prizes will be offered and a general good
i time is anticipated. The committee of
I arrangements is anxious to -make the an
nual outing a big success and is working
assiduously to that end. Tickets will be
sold for 7d cents for adults and 50 cents
for children. The committees having the
I picnic in charge are as follows:
Reception committee— Dr. T. 1,. Ma
honey, chairman; Hon. J. F. Sullivan,
Hon. F. H. Dunne, M. C. Haley. J. T.
Gilmartin, Charles McCarthy, T. F.
Prendergast, W. Kennedy. J. Rourke,
W, E. Haley, E. Convey, William Mc-
Mann, J. Thornton, J. C. Welch, W.
Buchanan, J. Convey, P. Mathews, M.
S. Silk. D. McCarthy. P. McDonough,
R. Ring, Thomas F. Boyle, J. J. Boyle,
Hon. J. M. Burnett. (_}. H. Kavanaugh,
R. C. Malone. St. John E. McCormick,
William McMann. P. J. Thomas, J.
Bateman, C. Pechin, D. Gratto. W. F.
Terry G. Murphy, Ross McMuhon, W.
Hay, W. Larkey, F. Kreuz, James Att
ridge, W. Smith, E. O. Connor, P. Mc-
Coy.
Executive committee— E. J. Convey,
chairman; Rev. M. P. Ryan, treasurer;
J. P. Duffy, secretary; F. H. Kilduff,
A. J. Griffith. T. Ryan. J. H. Scanlan,
E. B. Thomas, W. H. McGeeney, D. -J.
Ring, B. Hyland. S. D. Russell, P.
Creede, William J. O'Neill, Dr. T. L.
Mahoney, H. M. Sullivan, E. J. Power,
J. M. Hyland, J. H. Powers, Al Sey
mour. W"illiam Dixon. James J. Toohy,
J. R. Kentzel. William Terry and J. E.
Derham.
Floor committei — John P. Duffy, floor
manager; A. J. Griffith, assistant floor
manager; E. J. Convey, W. H. McGee
ney, J. E. Derham, C. J. McCarthy,
J! O'Brien. J. H. Scanlan, H. F. Sulli
van, J. J. Toohy. J. J. Kinucan, W. D.
Shea, E. T3. Thomas T. A. Duffy, R.
Bliss, T. McCarthy. J. Scott, Robert A.
Beretta and M. S. Silk.
Games committee— John M. Hyland
chairman: F. Creede A. P. Mulligan,
J. H. Powers, J. Holland, William
Terry E J. Power. I). Mahoney, J R
Kentzel. T. Ryan, William Dixon, Wil
liam Kennedy.
Press committee — James H. Scanlan,
chairman; T. F. Prendergast, M. S.
Silk, Thomas F. Boyle and William
O'Neill.
AFTERMATH OF
THE KILLING OF
JAMES FRANEY
Physicians Differ and
Say Sharp Things.
CORONER'S JURY SUMMONED
DEFENDANTS APPEAR BEFORE
JUDGE CONLAN TO ANSWER.
Subscription List Started to Defray
Funeral Expenses. of Deceased.
National Club Would Not
Subscribe Money.
The untimely and violent end of Prize-
I fighter James Franey has been the source
of much speculation on the part of the
spectators of the fistic encounter and a
scientific set-to on the part of Drs. Lustig
and Zabala.
After his autopsy Dr. Zabala expressed
opinions which, if true, bespeak the unfit
physical condition of the fighter when he
entered the ring. He found no brain
lesion; simply a hemorrhage, as he termed
it, and one not sufficient to produce death.
The cause of Franoy's death, according
to the autopsy, was a "shock" in the
medical sense of the word. Dr. Zabala
says the man's vitality was not of the or
der to withstand the fierce and grilling
| work of a ring battle.
Dr. D. D. Lustig, the medical examiner
Of the National Athletic Club, has some
uncomplimentary things to say about Dr.
\ Zabala's autopsy and the findings in the
case. ■ He wants to know by what mean*
it is possible to reach any defined knowl
edge whether it was the blow on the jaw
or the fall that produced the so-called
' "shock." The general verdict of the men
j who saw the right and the trainers is that
Franey was in line fettle. Dr. Lustig
pronounced the pugilist sound and strong
before the fight.
Yesterday .afternoon Dr. Zabala modi
tied his original statements by allowing
that it was impossible for any physician
to detect any such organic affections as
were afterward found in Franey by a med
ical examination of the pugilist prior to
the light. He said that lie simply told
what the autopsy showed and nothing
more. The following statement from Dr..
Lustig displays his feeling on the ques
tion:
Dr. Zabala's statement that Franey
was not physically fit to enter the ring
is absolutely absurd and would not be
made by any other physician or even
layman." In my professional capacity
as medical examiner of the National
Athletic Club I made a thorough ex
amination of James Franey and found
him physically sound and in condition .
to make a struggle 'requiring strength
and endurance. Aside from that his
actions, his appearance, his ability to
take such a drubbing for fourteen
rounds and the post-mortem examina
tion all show this.
His tine condition was commented on
by experienced men. Only two rea
sons can bo assigned for such a state
ment coming from Dr. Zabala — one,
his experience, he having practiced
medicine a. little over <■!:-• year, and the
other maliciousness, the writer and the
Coroner's office not being on friendly
terms. D. D. LUSTIG. M.D.
Coroner Hill will hold an inquest this
; morning at 10 o'clock upon the body of
the pugilist.
The following have been summoned as
talesmen and nine will be. selected as a
jury:
C. V. S. Gibbs, 303 California street:
B. J. Smith, 25 Market street; Judah
Boaz, capitalist: William Cronan,
Eagle-street Metal Works; George D.
Clark. 17 Spear street; Rolla V. Watt,
Insurance; P. N. Lllienthal, Anglo-
Californian Bank; Daniel Meyer. 212
Pine street; Leon Blum of Roth, Blum
& Co.: J. J. Cook, 121 Post street: Jo
seph Wertheimer of Url & Co.; W. 8.
Van Winkle, 415 Market street; D. B.
Hlnckley. 15 First street; Albert Pissis,
307 Sansome street.
When the cases of Frank McConnell
and others, charged -with manslaughter
in causing Franey's death, were called
I yesterday morning Judge- Conlan's vourt
■ was congested with people. All the de
fendants were present except Hiram
I Cook and J. D. Gibbs. Attorney Mack,
who represents the National Club, stated
that Glt.bs was in bed suffering, from a
paralytic stroke, but Judge Conlan was
not .satisfied with this, ordering Gibbs to
i appear or a physician's certificate to be
i offered vouching for his illness. A con
tinuance of the cases was granted until
the Coroner's jury is heard from. Next
i Thursday is the day set for the examina
! tion.
| Tim McGrath. assisted by other friends,
i is raising a subscription to bury Franey.
! Frank McConnell heads the list with $25
i and a fair number of smaller subscrip
-1 tions rave been added. When J. J. Groom
j of the National Athletic Club, was ap
proached he put his name, down for $10,
i but when some one criticized the small
', ness of .the sum he sponged his name off
the list entirely. Enough money will be'
j collected to send the body to Portland
| and defray the funeral expenses.
| The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors met yesterday. Su
• pervisor Collins in the chair. Supervisor
Phelps proved that all boxing permits be
rescinded, but Chairman Collins called the
resolution out of order, saying the com
■ mittee had adjourned.
. ■» . ' .
Patriotic Music
Evrry pvonlnp nt thp /.inkand the soldier boys
are jtrpoted with patriotic music. •
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Ul> FiFfiPV Manufacturer of Belt inland
Lc I. I'f.U.. . Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, 1
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKe AND PIU IRON.
J. C. Wilson & co.
900 BATTERY STREET.
' Telephone Main 1861. .'
t COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH POX, Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
\%ashineton St. Telephone Main 5641 -
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. >
lAS RftYF^ £TO Shipping Butchers, 104
JA3- DiJICJ £ m Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
IRDN, FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton SHedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
VrILLAiIILI I L 722 Montgomery Str»»v
PRINTINa
EC* HIITHF^ PRINTER.
• Vi/- nUllJlLO? 511 Sansome St.
THE MICKS- JUDD CO., b ,S'ff% «s?fc
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c%ff lc PARTRIDGE
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO., at lta
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best ' Coal In the Market. . ,■
Office and Yards— Main street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I^SOLUTE^ECMfYT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£**-?t*&^
Tory small &md as easy
to take as sug&xh
SEE >ADTETD> FOR headache. epp
31111 CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. MIS
rcwiifvc ®ITTLE for BILIOUSNESS. rEMriWD
GENUINE gTlVrb FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
i its FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFB JS^JBI " FOR SALLOW SKIK. WRAPPFR
aArrt^ JFCRTHECOMPLOiaM KA^ ttf
« , • OEUVt'UIIt ujiinAvijioiunjM.
"PRINTED OIT RED PAPER."
CANCER 1
and TUMORS
jm^W&l&iS* cured. No knife
iaß&^Mi^' ~> : " ''■ ■%«* or P a|n - - N *" i' a - v
ggSKp^m^ ' ' \&%ak until cured. I will
W'/' iSa any "bank $1000 in
any *>ank-t° puar-
M-- - 'y?\ antee a cure of
'[$£}► & '4^S?M any external can-
11SW|* 1^ , •' Mia or" without any
ftmlgm "' *' ■ 4 rf danger. Twenty-
JPlsfW' * : ' &<-' 3j eight years' cx-
{„- * ,if . -. , '%'» perience. Lady
' attendant in ofllce.
illgKfe?< *^i ■ ' / ' no thousand ean-
jaaßgg. . ' ;fJr cers In alcohol.
i "^ ne P° or cured
JBs&&'^ %sss%«s'* Woman's breast
j#s|Sg£<.\ ' ■ ar.ii man's lip are
*■'" ■%> the two most
«§K- -^M''f '• ' "I*** common places of
wftft '-J*f : - .■ ' " JSk the whole human
'"tfHßip ''• jffiljr body for enncers.
ant lump ix
i! ' A WOMA N T ' S
BREAST IS CANCER. They always poison
the glands in the armpit.
BOOK SENT FREE
With addresses and testimonials of thousands
I have cured In California.
S. R. CKAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., SF.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
CTSend this to some one with cancer.
ivssir DR. JORDAN'S great, i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
i £»d 1051 mam st. i»t e±47th, s.r.cii. , i
T Of The Larif Anatomical Museum in the
m i-~T&~~~^_ Wotid- \Veaknes^es or any contracted t I
T tiSSF&h disrate pe»lil»rljTurodi)y the oldest "
£ Bf9 j^| Specialist en the Coin. tsL 36 years . 9
A flSjf I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
' > iCSsP^B Contultstlon frre aid strictly private. \
i ' «i iOiSLai Tr ' " m=nt pe r s"n''"> or l.y Inter. A ff ■
[To HT V& B JPot.nte Cure in every case undertaken. W
iIP/f A Write for Book. PHII.«<i<)PH¥ A
fI II II 1 MtKRIACK, MAILED FREB. (.if
10 / valuable book for Dim) \
f DR. JOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., K. F. V
f(%r>i LADIES DOyODKHOf
! £ DR. FELIX BRUN'S
\§£- Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
I* 3is the original and only FRENCH.
M - l cafe and reliable care on the mar-
V *>rket. Price. $1.00; sent by oigiL
%■ \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDEK & CO.. Sole Agents.
214 Kcarnv St.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO:
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
810 VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-DAY-CHILDREN'S DAY!
FREE CONCESSIONS BEFORE 2:30 P.M.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GRAND CAKE WALK!
Participated in by JOHN AND MARTHA
STEWART and EASTERN and LOCAL
CHAMPIONS.
Reserved Seats by Phone, Stelner 1851.
CHUTES AND ZOO !
SPECIAL!
TUESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 22,
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION OF !
FRANCIS POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY.
The First Born !
For the benefit of the
RECEPTION FUND
FOR THE
RETURNING VOLUNTEERS.
WONDERFUL JUVENILE CAST.
ORIGINAL SCENERY— MUSIC.
By courtesy of the Alcazar.
Phone for seats, Steiner 1851.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs. ,-.
San Francisco
TO-DA V AT 3 /*. M.
SUNDAY AT2:3O f*. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
mjLQj y^^J^~
** ept.^tqi6 - "y
Choicest rRUITS.WINES.VEGE-
= -tables. Grains & Grasses
V '"<!>■■ np (kUFORNIA-T^^
A G»£sC\ SVOC^ SWWJ.
yi^yic/^ EnieHair\meT\t.
EXWBITSTRAN6PORTED fREE
' Excursion Kates To Visitors.
Write fOR ]>ARTICULAR S#
)ETERJ. SHIELDS
vSECRETARY. , PRESIDENT
CONCEBTS AND K-ESO -ITS.
6UTUO bAi.tsi.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:80 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, Be
Bathing, Including Admission 25c. Children 20c
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR ™»
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT, SAT. and TO-MO.ROW, SUN.
LAST THREE TIMES OF
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Successful Drama.
UNDER TWO FLAGS
NEXT WEEK-
First Three Nights.
"CAMILLE. 1 '
Remainder of Week,
"RO/VIEO AND JULIET."
-•
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), AUG. 19.
Parquet. 26c, any seat; balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part.
"Benefit Week" Programme!
CARDOWNIE TROUPE.
CARON AND HERBERT.
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR.
ESMERALDA.
ALEXANDRA- DAGMAR.
THE DEONZOS.
ALDEN AND HILL.
LINTON AND MrINTYRB.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Lact two appearances of LINTON & McIN-
TYRE.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE LAST OF ALL MATINEES
BY
MISS BLANCHE BATES
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
Supported by the FRAWLEY COMPANY.
The Magnificent Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
REMEMBER !
BUT THREE MORE PERFORMANCES OF
THIS SPLENDID ORGANIZATION.
NEXT MONDAY.
Th© Excruciatingly Funny Farce Comedy From
Hoyt'a Theater,
•'A BACHELORS HONEYMOON."
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
2 FAREWELL PERFORM I
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT!
"THE LIARS."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
CLAY CLEMENT
And an Excellent Company in the Romantto
Comedy.
A SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE,
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
Alfred Cellier's Beautiful Rural Opera.
DOROTHY
Nothing like It in the city. Crowded house*.
Enthusiastic Encores and "Curtain Calls.
MONDAY EVENING— "CLOVER."
PRICES:
Orchestra ..350 and 50c|Family Circle 150
Dress Circle 25c3allery 100
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat, 25c
Branch Ticket Office— Main Entrance Em-
porium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
" TROVATORE"
"Trovatore" Last Time, Sunday Night.
THIS EVENING,
Last Time of Beethoven's Classlo
"FIDELIO"
A Great Event in Musical Circles.
"Fldelio." the Delight of Thousands.
Presented With a Superb Cast.
Next Week— "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
and "I PAGLIACCI."
Every Performance. All the Company Will
Appear.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
MATINEE ADMISSION - - - 25c
LAST PERFORMANCES!
SEE THE WONDERFUL PER-
FORMERS FROM THE ORIENT.
The Nativ Filipino Water Buffalo,
Trained Ponies from Luzon.
ADMISSION - • ■ • .25 and 50 Cents.
GLEN PARK.
San Mateo Electric Cars Direct.
THIS SUNDAY.
SEE THE WONDERFUL FREAK OF NATURE,
THE DOUBLE-HEADED CALF !
REFINED • AND HIGH-CLASS VAUDE-
VILLE IN THE FREE THEATER. Great Eu-
ropean equilibrist. ANTONEO VAN TOFRE, in
his w> ' !erlu ' teeth balancing act; WALDO
AND ELLIOTT, the finest double trapeze art-
ists in the business; EDWARD OLCOTT. the
clown contortionist and acrobat; HUGH RO-
MAINE, the celebrated tenor soloist; LITTLE
ROSIE BONNET, the child wonder; MISS ADA
SWEENEY In new specialties; ATHLETIC
COMPETITIONS for cash prizes on recreation
grounds. . '
ADMISSION, lOc. '
78
QOLP. ■
T
ALL THE SPORTS OF THE DAY
EXCELLENT RACING AT
THE SANTA ROSA MEET
Such iQterest TaKer) iQ t^e Events That Busi
ness Houses Gave Their ClerKs a
hioliday to Go to the Tracl^.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 18.— A big attend
ance marked the fifth day of the race
meet now being held in this city under the
auspices of the Breeders' Association. A
number of local business houses closed
their doors at noon in order to give their
employes a chance to witness the sport,
ami many people were present from the
country. The lay was pleasant and the
track was in good condition.
The lirst race was a special match be
tween A. G. Guernett's bay mare Echora
Wilkes, by Nutwood Wilkes out of Lou
Wall, and the Santa Rosa Stock Farm's
brown mare Guy Cara, by Guy Wilkes.
The course was one mile and repeat. U.
Abies was up behind Guy Cara and A.
McDonald piloted Echora Wilkes. The
bay mare scored first in 2:18%, but Guy
took the second and third heats in
!:is^ and 2:19^4-
The second race was a two-year-old
pace, one mile and repeat, for a purse of
f250. I. ].. Borden !ad entered N L Js.
William Murry sent up Key del Diablo
md C. A. Owen named Daken D. The
:irst heat was begun after considerable
■coring, and the start was bad. Diablo
,\as several lengths behind and staid there
intll the half, when she closed up and
swung, into the home-stretch a good
.-n^th ahead. There she stayed until the
>vire was passed, scoring in 2:23%. The
lext two heats went to N L B in 2:23* 4
Hid 2:25. .
The last heat was very pretty to the
hree-quarter pole, but there Diablo and
saken D both went into the air, and
:ame all the way down the stretch way
ip in the clouds. N L H was favorite
ii the betting, both in the auction pools
md with the bookmakers, selling in the
utter at 1 to 6. The bookies offered ito 1
in Diablo and 2 to 1 on Daken D.
The third i nee advertised as a special
natch between the Vendome stock farm's
;ay mare Much tetter and Wing and
soonan on a tandem bicycle. Consid< r
ble interest was manifested in this event;
■ut much to the disappointment of the
pectators the programme was changed
t the last moment and instead of going
ngether each went exhibition miles alone.
Juch Better went a mile here last year
11 2;07. but neither bone nor men made
ny time worth talking about to-day,
'he reason for the chance in the pro
ramme was said to bo that Driver
lunch saw the boys go a very speedy '
BEARS ARE THE GAME
OF LAKE COUNTY MEN
While in Search of Missing Cattle
Charles Crabtree Comes Upon One
Which He Kills.
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Aug 18.— Some
days since several parties reported having
seen bear signs a few miles northwest of
liartlett Springs, while two persons re
ported having actually caught a glimpse j
of bruin. Among the guests at this popu
lar resort are a number of men who take
pleasure in shooting big game, and these
reports created the liveliest interest
among them. A party was organized, and ;
piloted by Professor George Watson, all
round promoter of sports and amusements .
at the springs, the expedition header! for
the district In which the bear was said to
have been seen.
The dogs soon struck the trail, but after '
following it for several hours It led Into
Impenetrable jungles north of Cache
Creek and the chase was abandoned.
Tuesday evening at a late hour the sports
men at the springs were stirred to fever
beat by the arrival of Charles Crabtree
with the carcass of a bear which he had
killed that morning near Eel River, about
eleven miles northwest of the springs.
On Monday Mr. Crabtree Started to
Snow Chain, a spur of Snow Mountains,
in search of some missing cattle. He car
ried ii repeating rifle and was accom
panied by an 11-month-old Irish cctti-r
puppy belonging to H. T. Barr. "When
Within a mile ■>: Eel River Mr. Crabtrte
discovert I bear tracks. He put the- dug
an the trail and followed it about a quar
ter of a mile, when he observed the bear
running acro&s an open space about 130
yards away on the opposite side of the '
canyon. At the first tire the bear fell and
rolled me distance down the hill. The
bear recovered, resumed Its flight and was
Boon lost to sight in a thicket. The dog
started the bear again, but a second time
It took refuge In .i jungle of underbrush.
The baying of the dog Indicated the local
ity of the bear; but Mr. Crabtree failed to
rout it out by throwing rocks among the
brush, lit climbed a tree, and by throw
ing pine burrs into the thicket finally
drove bruin out. The dog quickly brought
the bear to bay, and Mr. Crabtree walked
to within fifteen feet of it and fired two
more shots. The first struck it in the
neck and knocked It down. The third, de
livered at short range, struck It In the
head and killed it instantly. It was a
black bear, dressed 175 pounds and was
probably three years old.
Two bears were trapped on Snow Moun
tain last week. Another was trapped In
the Sail Creek country about a year ago, i
but the bear brought in by Mr. Crabtree j
is the only one killed In this vicinity for
many years. There is said to be more
bears In the mountains of Lake County
than usual. Mr. Crabtree attributes, this
to the fact that the scarcity of water In
the foothills has driven them back into
the pine timber of the mountains.
Mr. Cfabtree lives near Little Horse
Mountain, about eight miles from Hari
l<»tt Springs. He farms In a small way
and makes a specialty of raising goats
During the. hunting season his trusty rifle
brings him In Quite a revenue. He has
lived here about fifteen years. During
that me be has killed nearly eight hun
dred deer. His record this season Is
twenty-nve. He has taken several bear
hunts, but this was his first successful
ore. He has a father and four brothers
who reside in Lake County, and all of
them are rated as good hunters.
Ed McCain and George Watson bagged
len dozen doves on Monday and all their
friends at Bartlett had .-i r/'nerous sun
ply of dove j.otple on Tuesday
RETURNS OLYMPIC CLUB BONDS.
The Olympic Athletic Club enjoys the
favor of the pods these summer days.
It has become the vogue among the hold
ers of the club's bonds to return them
to th« officers with the request that they
be canceled. The latest windfall of this
character to the great athletic Institution
■ID'S from George Crocker. He held
$."000 worth of the bonds and has re
turned them, without consideration, for
cancellation.
Captain George James has announced
a cross-country trip of the members to
morrow. They will train to Millbrae,
walking from there to San Andreas Lake,
Crystal Springs and thence to the beach
at San kfateo for ■ swim.
« » ■ 1
In the Divorce Court.
* ranz I. Manasss has been granted a
divorce from Emma C. Manasse on the
ground of habitual intemperance. Edith
M. Aylsworth has sued N. W. Aylswmth
for a divorce, alleging desertion 03 a
cause of action. Anna Smith asks for a
divorce from William Smith on the ground
that the defendant has been convicted of
a lelou}'
TENNIS.
mile this morning and preferred to for- |
felt his share of the purse rather than to
go up against them.
■ The fourth em was a 2:16- trot for a
purse of JiuOO. Ten horses responded to
the call, but during the scoring W. L.
Spoors bay m;ire Mabel MeKinney sud
denly, went lame and was retired to the
stable. Bonsaline and Mamie Kiley were
distanced In the rim at. whjeh wont to
G. W. Ford's N. erata in 2:134.
-Th.- second heat was taken by T. J.
Crowlty-s black gelding Addison in 2:11%, '
but the in >.i time Neerata scored again,
giving her the race. The last heal wad
traveled in 2:1f«4. The start in the first
heat was anything but satisfactory, but j
the finish was as pretty a piece of driving
as any one could ask to see, Neerata Our
I.i: ■•k\ and Ned Thome coming down "the I
stretch bunched close together and each 1
righting for every inch.
The last race at the day was a 2:23 pace
for a puree of $250. best two in three. In
this were jive entries. C. W. Empe.s ; big
stallion Cherokee Prince, with A T .Tick
f.°" vp r - to °* Che fir •' heat; J. L. Smith's
(..alt , ropsoll took the second and the
third went to Gaff Topsail- in 2:22%
Summaries:
First race, special match, one mile and re-
Guy Cara, by Ouy Wilkes (Abies). '11
bora Wilk< • (McDonald).. . : -i ■> 2
Time. 2:IS; 2 -2:lS»;-:>:l<lvi/ V'" '
Second rare, tv p'Jrse J250
one mile and n '
DaLn^'\^ b n I ) 0 : AI ! Cc . Dell .. (Lafferty)..3 i 1
Paken D (Owei "32
Bey del Diablo (McDonald) . "i •> i
Tim.?, 2:2i%-2:23\-2:zi
Third event, exhibition.
beM° U two ln a thV.^ 16 CIaSS trotting, pure WOO.
Keerata. by Nee'rnut'-Bess (Brooks) 12 i
Our Lucky (Hndg-es) " , ; i
Addison (LaJTerty) ..... '-'■ : ?. 5
N>] Thome CHelman) '.'.'.'.'.'.'." -i 1 »
Shellby. (Rodriguez) : I l.\-
Dollican (.?. !. Smith) "." 7 I i
Sable Francis (Spencer) i - -
Manila Hih-y (Maben) *.."; ,i| '
B osaline (Abies) . jig-
Time; 2:l3H— 2:ll'i— 2:l?i'.'
• (Klrkland) o 3 ( '
Winnie Wilks iShaner)'...!: I I' a
Captain Harkett CLapham).. ..'.'.'.'. 3 5 4 ■
Time, 2:IS-2:ia— 2:2^^. J s 4 j
OAKLAND GOLF CLUB
PLANS NEW SCHEDULE
Valuable Trophies Are Offered for 1
Various Events Over the Adams
Point Links.
For some weeks past Del Monte has
been preparing for the golf tournament
which will take up all the days of next
week. Many players of note have come j
up from Southern California, and there
will be the largest gathering of golfers
from all parts of the State that has yet'
been seen. Among the representatives of
the Oakland Golf Club on the Del Monte.
links will probably Be B. X Folger J A '
Folger, C. P. Hubbard, P. G. Gow, Orestes
I lerce, P. E. Bowies and K. M. Fitzger
ald. The team that will represent South- ■
crn California in the match North vs
South consists of six men-^5 Condj
Junes ,W. OS £ y ' E. B. Tufts and J. F
=£ rl £ rl , of the Los Angeles Country Club '
W. H. Young of Santa Monica and C c
Maud of Riverside. At the Santa Monica
tournament on July 28 and 30 E Condc
Jones reduced the record of. the links for
nine holes from Zt to 35; while C. E. Maud
with a SCO of 156 for 30 holes, beat the
Southern California record, which pr"!
viuusly stood at 159. The Burlingame San :
Francisco and Sun Rafael golf clubs will
be well represented at Del Monte
The Oakland Golf Club has prepared a
schedule of events to take place during
the months of September, October and
November. The events proposed for Sep
tember are as follows: p
September 2— Tournament for men
at eighteen holes, with handicap for
Macdonald cup, to be awarded to the
winner of two contests. September
6— Mixed foursomes, at eighteen holes
match play, with handicap, for silver
medals. September Tournament lor
Captain's cup; third semi-annual -on
test; reception and music ,-n the club
house. September IB— Putting and an
proaching contests for ladies and gen
tlemen, for silver trophies ■
ONLY BEAR SHOT NEAR BARTLETT SPRINGS IN YEARS
CHARGES CRABTREB has the credit "f killing a big bear in Snow Moun
''""" River, eleven miles northwest of Bartlett Springs. The
, : '. r "■'■■ pounds when dressed. It is the first one killed in that
vicinity in years, although many men In the field have seen them prowl-
Ing about. Two were trapped on Snow Mountain recently, while another was
trapped a year ago in the Salt Creek country.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, IS9S.
PONY RACING.
EULA MAC, SENSATIONAL TWO-YEAR-OLD OF THE SEASON.
ONE »f the most promising: ynun^ters to fare the starter at the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Association
meeting at Santa Rosa during the past week waa D. E. f\i ght's Eula Mac She is i>y McKinney out of Balanci All,
by Brigadier. Driven by William Hogoboom, who is shown In the illustration, she went frhe first mile in 2:27Vfc In a
race on Tuesday. From her easy action it was predicted . could have covered the distance in' 2:2o. Mr. Knight
was offered juxAi for her immediately after the race, but declined to part with so promising a performer. She | a entered
throughout the circuit and great work is expected from her. On Thursday she added to her laurels by winning the I'acific
Breeders 1 Futurity in straight heats.
CHAMPIONSHIP BALL
AT RECREATION PARK
Sacramento and San Francisco Teams
Will Battle for toe Lead in
Pennant Race.
The topnotchers, Sacramento and San
Francisco, will meet on the Recreation
Park diamond this afternoon and to-mor
row. Every baseball crank in six towns
is waiting for the result and the patrons
of the game in this city will 111 1 the grand
stand and bleachers for both games.
Three weeks ago. when San Francisco
met Santa Cruz, then the two leaders,
there were 7000 people at the Sunday
game.
The local team leads the race by a nar
row marginal percentage. This series of
three games may send the Senators to the
head of the column if they have luck and
play as good ball as they have been doing
during the last few weeks of play. Last
Saturday and Sunday they defeated the
local team in the two matches at Sacra
mento. Uncle's men are waiting for re
venge, and the games to-day and to-mor
row will be for blood.
Fitzpatrlck is in better form than he
was last week, and this will place the
local nine in much better shape. He will
pitch two "lit of the three games, being
opposed to Harvey of Sacramento, whose
twirling has evoked bo much praise of
late, fbefg and Doyle will be In the box
at Oakland on Sunday morning.
Owing to the dissatisfaction manifested
in the game last Sunday on account of
Umpire Long's decisions, a change will be
Instituted in the games this week. Presi
dent Moran has secured the services of
Frank Graves, a veteran ball player and
an ex-National League man. The double
system will be tried, and if better satis
faction is obtained it is probable that two
umpires will pass judgment on the re
maining games.
The lineup is as follows:
San Francisco. :
Position. . ■ Sacramento,
Swindells Catcher Stanley
Fitzpatrlck '.. Pitcher Harvey
Sullivan Flit-t base O'Connor
O'Neill Second base Stultz
Riley Third base Sheehan
Krug Shortstop Kaean
Muller Left field MoLaiiKhlln
I'.vne Right n>lil Shanahan
Illlderbrandt Center field Doyle
YACHTS WILL RACE
FROM MARE ISLAND
k Great Fleet of Pleasure Craft to
Sail Down To-Morrow From
the Navy Yard.
The fleet of the San Francisco Yacht
Club will sail up to Vallejo this evening
and to-morrow will start down on the
j race to Sausalito. The smallest boat in
! the fleet wrll Htart first, at 10:30 a. m.,
! and will be followed by the other yachts
In the order of their size, J. I). Spreokelh'
; schooner I^urline being the scratch boat.
The yaxTits, the names of their owners,
time allowances and starting times, ar*»
shown in the following table:
H. R. Simpson's' yawl Tramontana was
measured yesterday and will enter- the
race. Her "time allowance will be given
out to-day. A prize (lap will be given to
the yacht making the fastest time down
from Vallejo. ami also to the yacht which
crosses the finishing line first.
On the way down to Sausalito the
rules of the road must be complied
with. The finishing line will be an
i Imaginary line drawn from the club
i house to' a stakeboat, which must be
crossed, leaving the stakeboat onthe star
! board hand. The finishing time will be
taken by the judges at the clubhouse.
; Barrett Fltbian's schooner Rover and J.
D. Spreckels' schooner Lurline will be the
scratch boats. Every yacht in the fleet
will receive a time allowance from these
two. The little We're Here starts at 10:80
a. m., while the Lurline's time for cross
; ing the line is 23 minutes 1- seconds after
j noon. in addition to the yachts of the
Ran Francisco fleet, the flagship Pactolus
of the California Yacht Club and E. N.
Walter's sloop Embla will take part in
the trial of speed. Commodore Allen M.
Clay having requested permission to have
the times of these two boats taken by the
Judges at Sausalito. The racing length of
the Pactoius is 34.33 feet, and that of the
Embla is 34.57 feet.
Independently of the general result, Dr.
A. W. McKeneie Is particularly desirous
that his sloop Sappho should beat G. E.
Billing's sloop Nixie, which on May 21
arrived ahead of the fleet. 11. R. Simp
kins' new yaw] Tramontana will be seen
in a race for the first time to-morrow.
The Corinthians start to-day on their
annual up-river cruise. Commodore Carl
Westerfeld's flagship Aeolus will be ac
companied by k. F. Sugar's sloop Edna
and Paul Biber's sloop Mlgnon. On board
the Aeolus will be the commodore. .R. H.
Morrow, F. E. gchol er and J. Short. E.
F. Bagar's companions will be Prank
Thompson, H. W. \Vesterfeid and J. M.
O'Brien, while on board the Mignon will
be Paul Biber and J. MeusdorfTer.
The race among the thirty-footers at
the regatta on, September 9 Him year will
be unusually Interesting, as Frank Stone's
sloop Presto and H. H. Goner's sloop are
new members of the class, and their quali
ties are as yet untried. The regatta will
serve to test the merits of the possible
defenders of the perpetual challenge cup..
It is doubtful whether the yacht race
set for August 27 In Monterey Bay as a
finale of the carnival of amateur sports
at the Hotel del Monte will take place,
as the arrangements for the reception of
the First California Regiment will prob
ably interfere with It. Admiral J. D.
Spreckels' Lurllne will be on hand for the
naval parade, as also will the pilot boat
Bpnlta while E. A. Wiltsee's schooner
Aggie is out of commission. Kx-('ommo
dore I. Gutte's schooner. Chispa will also
probably Join in the parade. Thus W. N.
McCarthy's schooner Ramona, H. R.
Simpkins' yawl Tramontana and Dr. A.
W. MoKenzle's sloop Sappho are the only
possible competitors.
Admiral J. 1), Spreckels has communi
cated with the commodores of the yacht
clubs with reference to the naval parade
to be held in honor of the returning vol
unteers. He states that he has fourteen
tugs and desires to have a yacht towed
by each of them. The California Yacht
Club will contribute the yawl Idler and
the sloop Pactolus, which have been as
signed to the division anchored off sec
tion 3 of the seawall. They will be there
on the morning of August 24 and will re
main there another day if it Is necessary
Commodore T. L. Hill of the San Fran
cis* will go over to Sausalito as booh
as the arrival of the transport Is known
and will sail his sloop Cygnus over to
North Beach, where he' will anchor her
.until it is time to join the procession.
POLO.
BERKELEY'S OARSMEN
HAVE ARIEL'S BARCE
The University Crev/ Is Expected to
Win the Junior Barge Race at
Astoria Regatta.
The narsmen nnd .swimmers from San
Francisco who will take part in the sixth
annual Astoria regatta left this city on
Wednesday morning by the steamer State
"1 California. On the upper deck of the
steamer were carried two four-oared
barges, some out rigged skiffs and single
shells.
One of the barges was the Alameda
senior crews boat, and the other, the
property of the ArM Rowing Oub will
','■', " sed *,- v thl ' University of California
U hen William ilowe and Robert Kills of
the Ariel crew decided not to go to As
toria the Ariel barge crew was disorgan
ized. The university boys then person
ally canvassed the directors of the Vriel
club and secured their oonbenl to take
the boat with them. J. R. Bockman felt
bo much disappointed at the failure of
the Artels to send a crew to the northern
carnival thai he decided to abandon his
own trip thither. The only representative
of the AriHs win be H. Wittkopf, who
will row in the single-shell race. The
Alameda club will be represented by S J
Pembroke. X \V. Avers-, A. C. Webb \V
;'■ Guild, ihe University of California
barge crew Is made up of James Hop
i-r. 1-. W aggershauser, Roy Fryer, Clin
tpn 1 racy and Frank Wilder, l>r c C
Dennis and J. Foley will uphold the honor
ol the South Ends, The awimmers are
M. F, Brewer. J. a. Geddes, .1. Redican
and EC. C. Btanberg. It was fully expected
thai C. L. Ochs of the Pioneers would
enter the outrigged skiff event, but he
f^mid that be could not spare the twelve
days necessary for the trip.
It is to be regretted that the Ariel crew
fiio not lind out sooner its inability to
compete, as a good four might have been
made up of South End men. even with
out Robert McArthur. S. .1. Pembroke
In whose hands all the arrangements hi
this city have been, on. arriving at As
toria, will assist the committee to make
up th^ programme or' events. H e ")„,.'
lievea that the Alameclae are aura win
ners In the senior barge race, thej beinir
In excellent condition and having covered
the distance of one and a half miles in
i) minutes and. 27 sec, .mis about a week
ago. The University of California boya
were not accompanied by Al {Jean theii
trainer, who is needed by the candidates
for the football team. S. J. Pembroke re-
Kards them as. likely to win the junior
barge race, and to make a good showing
in the senior event. P. W. Ayers, stroke
of the Alameda barge, may enter the out
rigged skiff race, and Dr. C. C. Dennis
will row both in skiff and shell.
MISS MAY SUTTON, A NEW TENNIS QUEEN
mISS MAY BUTTON is undoubtedly the youngest nlav^r «
a tennis tournament In the State of California and * -? r ente ' ed in
lea. She will attain her thirteenth birthday the ?th %** bl ? lt l Ane,r
has been Playjng tennis about a year and a half «£ September. She
experts at Santa Monica by her brilliant nlayTng In touraiV" asto " lshin * the
the youngest daughter of Captain and Mrs?A dc G Sutton TnrTt ° heS< She l
born in Plymouth, England, but has lived in Pasadenn f«r A "8h navy) ' was
Miss May is the youngest of five daughter , all tSSSS Slav r S paSt 1? X years
pected to prove this year's champion. an tennis players, one of whom is ex-
YACHTING.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
AT DEL MONTE COURTS
Highly Successful Opening of a Series of
Events That Society Lool^s Upon Witfy
Favor and Liberally Attends.
Special Dispt teh to The Call.
DEL MON'TK, Aug. IS.— Del Monte's i
great s;)»rting event, which is one of the
most notable events or series of events of j
the kind that has ever occurred on the]
i'.uHM- Coast, opened at. 10 a. m. to-day i
with the first contest in the doubles hand
icap tennis tournament, and never did a
tennis contest begin with more perfect
weather arid under more favorable cir- !
cumstances than marked this. The courts :
w.r.- in pVrfect condition. Numbers of;
people witnessed the matches, both in \
the morning and afternoon, and great en- l
| thusiasm was evidenced by all. The ,
| ladles especially shewed their interest in
the play by freely applauding all brilliant
strokes. This feature of the tournament
has made the first day as conspicuous, a
social as an athletic success.
The handicapping in the tournament, i
which w.-is done on the sixth system, re-;
centlj adopted in England and America, I
was arranged by Sam Hardy and James
A. Code, and was a very complicated af- ;
fair. Each man was credited according
to his previous record, and was given or
>•■ prived of odds according to the skill of
bis opponents as determined by last
night's drawing.
To-day'a play held several surprises for
the crack players in the way In which
new men came to the front, notable exam
ples being Warburton and Fatlo of Santa
Clara, who won from Hunt and Stone, the
Alameda crack team', and Jones and Ar- '■
Buello of Salinas, who played right up:
Into the semi-finals, only going down In
a close contest with Sam Hardy and*
James i lode.
The tournament began at lit o'clock
with a match between A. W. Jones Jr
the Monterey County singles champion,
ana Louis !.. Arguello, who at one time I
held the Santa Clara County champion
ship, of Salinas, and Ray Emery of Reno
Nev., and Juhii Willey of Pacific Grove I
The latter team was given odds of half
lii teen in their favor. Jones and Arguello i
won easily with the score of 6— 2 6—3 !
despite the handicap. Hunt and Stone of i
Alameda, a team that is considered equal '
to any California players outside the
Hardys and Whitneys, then met Luke i
Warburton and Robert Fatjo-, the cham- I
pion double team of Santa Clara the
Alamedans giving their opponents fifteen
odds. Hunt was not in his usual form
on account of recent ill-health. The game
Wis fast and hotly contested. The Santa
Clarans won by a score of 6—2, 5 — 7, 6—3
The feature of the morning was the
battle of "Ponies" and "Giants"— W. H I
Pyburn Jr. and G. A. Rowling of Salinas
and Dr. Phillips- Nevada's singles cham
pion, and Grant Smith, a young but prom
ising California Club player. Phillips !
and Smith are both over six 'feet tall, and
as the Salinas men are barely over five
feet the combination was very funny.
COURSING ENJOYS
MARKED POPULARITY
Both Parks Are Patronized Liberally by
Owners of Greyhounds and by
the Public.
The owners of greyhounds are being af
forded ample opportunities these days to
prove whether their dogs are bread-win
ners or not Union Park promotes three
days' sport this week and also next week.
while lngleside is pursuing the even tenor
of its way. offering a ninety-six-dog stake
as its card to-day. The stake at Union
Park next Thursday will be reserved, as
usual, for the non-winners In open stakes.
The draw will be held on Monday even
ing.
John Brett of Closter, N. J., has Import- |
ed a dog which is expected to have an
influence on future generations of grey- <
hounds in this country. The dog is Nes
tor, by Herschei-Lady Glendyne The '
sire divided the Waterloo cup with i
Greater Scot in 1887, while the dam di
vided in 1.885 with Bit of Fashion, won
the cup In 1886 and the "purse" in 1888
Three of Eierschel's get have won tin
classic Waterloo — Texture in 1894 '
Thoughtless Beauty In ISPS and Fabulous '
Fortune In 1886. Nestor was the only dog.
which ever led the great Fullerton. When '■
they met Nestor broke his leg and was
retired to the stud.
Thomas McHugh's Moss Rose in en- '
tered again at Ingleside this week She
has recovered from her severe work of
last Sunday. The same owner's Maid of !
the Mill, by Firm Frtend-Sinaloa will
go to the. slips to-day for the first time
M. Umdon has sold Matchless to Schae-
Kay & Traut have two English does i
Dudley Diamond and Hawker in the?,'
kennel. Dudley Diamond is pronounced
the largest greyhound in the country
weighing eighty-two pounds. The dois
will be ready to course within a month
ROWING.
Smith and Phillips won over fifteen hand!
cap in two sets, 6— 2, •>— !j. '«*uui
This match closed the morning work
and at 2 p. m. Dr. Seager and Hart of
San I-rancisco met James Code and Pain
Hardy. Hart played a weak game '
despite the fact that Seagei had ,1 lthe
work to do he succeeded in .scoring or®
set for his team. Stager played the most
brilliant game of the day, some o* his
cross-courts lobs and d rives « Kg^ phe
nomenal/ '1 his set closed the prelimin
aries Harper broth*, of Pacific Grove
won from \vhhnej brothers by default
and Weihe and Cornell defaulted to Dr'
Root and tiradshaw. v '
The hottest set if the day waa nlaved
by Root and Bradshaw against Phillip
and Smith at 3:30, the form giving hair
15 odds. Smith played with rapidity
smashing and lobbing- with effect, and the
first set went to his side by a scor* of
6-3. Root's driving was erratic, '-irkl
Bradshaw pulled out the second set
against odds 6-1, but fell before the fast
play and good team work of his adver
saries.
The scratch match between Warburton.
and Fatjo and Jones and Arguello showe.l
some of the best tennis of the day and
was the only match without a handicap
Jones and Arguello won, the score being
6—2, 3—6 and 6—3. Jones and Arguello
then mot Hardy and Code, the latter giv
ing odds of half 30. The Salinas men
showed excellent form and played vigor
ously, but lost the first set. 7—5. The sec
ond set they won on Jones' smashing and
volleying and Arguellos accurate eye In
side places and lobs. Code * and
Hardy too the third set in good style
C— 1, after wearing out Arguello. The last
contest was left unfinished because of
darkness. Harper brothers of Pacific
Grove and Smith and Phillips each hav
ing a set
To-morrow the last set will be played
and the winners will play Code and Hardy
in the finals for the first prize. The draw
ing for the consolation tournament, made
up of all losers up to the finals, occurs
to-night, and the contests will come off
to-morrow afternoon. The results of to
day are as follows:
Jones and Arguello won from Emery and
WHi.-y, C— 2. 6—::; Warburton and Fatjo
won from Hunt and Stone. 6—2. 5—7 6—3-
Phillips and Smith won from Pyburn and
Rowling, 6—2. 6—l; Root and Bradshaw
won by default from Welhe and Cornell-
Harper brothers won by . default from
Whitney brothers; Hardy and Code beat
Seager and Hart. 6—l. 3—6, 6— Jones and
Arguello beat "Warburton and Fatjo 6—2
3— 6-3; Phillips and Smith beat Brad
shaw and Root, 6—3. I—6, B—6; Hardy and
Code beat Jones and Arguello, 7—5, 4—6
6 — l.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. IS.-Sixteen.
polo ponies with grooms leave here in a
private car to-morrow morning for Monte
rey Messrs. Maud and Bettner of Riv
erside and Ealand and Stillwell of Santa
Barbara leave for Del Monte Sunday.
FOUR MILLION TROUT
FOR MOUNTAIN LAKES
Fish Commission Is Stocking the
Streams Throughout the State
From Its Hatcheries.
Four million trout will be planted by
the officers of the California State Fish
Commission in the streams of the State
this season. To the ardent fisherman
these figures mean much, as the fish will
increase and multiply and will supply
royal sport in the years to come. The
; greater proportion of these game fish will
be placed in the lakes of the Tahoe sec
tion, but all parts of the State will receive
some. The fish are from the Sisson and
the Tahoe hatcheries.
A. L. Coombs and wife have returned
from Pelican Bay after a six weeks' stay
in that vicinity. While there Mr. Coombs
fished the Williamson River, and although
it is late in the season it afforded good
sport. The fly fishing at Pelican Bay is
pronounced disappointing. Trout appear
numerous, but decline to rise to the fly
The favorite method of landing them is
with the Wilson spoon. The shooting sea
son, which opens September l under the
Oregon law should be good. The marsli
in front of the lodge is covered with •snipe
and ducks.
A. B. Finch has "returned from his an
nual outing in the Truckee region He
went to Webber Lake in June and fished
white Rock Lake, Fordyce and Truckee
River from Truckee to Tahoe. The fish
ing in W ebber Lake proved somewhat
disappointing, although be secured all th*
trout he wanted with the fly.
J - p - Morrill of Verdi, .\\\\. writes Fish
and Game Commissioner Vogelsang that
he is meeting with a fair measure of suc
cess in having fish ladders placed in the
Truckee River where it passes through
.Nevada. He expects good ladders will do
placed on every dam in that State before
fall. During Mr. Vogelsang's recent visit
to Verdi he effected arrangements with
Mr. Morrill to take this matter up for th*
benefit of both States.
W. R. McFarland, who is collecting fish
for the aquarium :to be shown at the
forthcoming exhibition of Mechanics' In
stitute, says that Charles Green and oth
ers report the black bass fishing In Rus
sian River as being of indifferent quality
Mr. McFarland expects to make a. good
display at the fair. His collection is at
present in one of the Golden Gate Park
lakes.
The fishing at Lake Tahoe still contin
ues remarkable, being at its best near
Tahoe City. Here th« catches still rim
from 50 to 100 to the boat for each day's
fishing. In one day over 1100 pounds of
trout were shipped tP this city. The fish
ing at the lake since June has been fro
most remarkable since any record has
been kept.
F. M. Haight. G. B. Bacon and Milton
Pray, accompanied by their wives, leave
to-, lay for the MoCloud River, where th°v
will' enjoy the fishing.
. .-.,,,. if' '■■''' Bekkeart will iish
up Russian River way next week. Mr
dimming has found a desirable spot, the
location of which he declines to disclose
at the persent time to any of his friend:*.
Among the fishermen quartered at Boca
Hotel are: San Francisco— George King.
C. L. Clark. Loots N. Bowdoin, Colonel
W. lOlfphor. H^-ry B. Skinner M. O»^ry
J. Offlnger. L. 11. Claburgh. C. A. Over
ing-ton. Jnmes S. Hell. Bprt Spring. Sac
ramento— L. Tlnywood, Charles Hali
fax. George S. Bartells, W. C. Smith:
Oakland— A. S. Carman. Alameda— W. L.
Frier. TVadsworth— Bert La Forge.
Verdi— H. Conger. Truckee— C. B. Mc-
Cllritock.
PRESS CLUB BILLIARDS.
Fred S. Myrtle won the final game in
the Press Club handicap billiard tourna
ment, defeating If. E. Stover yesterday
The summary of* games follows:
First round— Myrtle (123) beat Fie^e (95) by
125 to 67; Kaufman (116) beat Titton (90) by 115
to 63: Carpenter (100) beat Sheldon (115) by 100
to 92: Cowles (100) beat Fouga (90) by 100 to 53-
Henley (75) beat Burke ((55) by 75 to 50" I'lrirh
(110) beat Harrison is:,) by 110 to 71; Stover
(110) beat Fitch (110) by 110 to 7«.
Second round— Myrtle beat Kaufman by 125 to
88;, Cowles beat Carpenter by 100 to 97- Henley
beat Ulrich by 75 to 104; Stover a bye
Third round— Myrtle beat Cowles by I's to 75-
Stover beat Henley by 110 to 43
Final— Myrtle beat Stover by 123 to 101
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
j- ater direct from the ocean.SPORTS
PACING MARE
ESTABLISHES A
NEW RECORD
Lady of the Manor a
Wonder.
IS DRIVEN A MILE IN 2:04 1-4
NEARLY EQUALS THE TIME OF
JOHN R. GENTRY.
This Is a Second Faster Than Was
Ever Before Made by Any Pac
ing Mare in a
Race.
Ppecial Dispatch to The Call. :
GLENS FALLS. N. V.. Aug. IS. -Glorious
weather and a perfect track irew a large
atter.-iar.ee to the Grand Circuit meet to
day. The spectators witnssed the best
racing and most ■ Iting finishes of the
meeting. Seven horses ficed the starter
In the opening event, the 2:07 pace, with
Ananias favorite in the betting. The sec
ond heat of this race furnished the most
sensational heat of the meet and the clos
est finish; and resisted in the breaking
of another record. Lady of the Manor,
a chestnut mare by Mambrino King,
driven by Gecrs and starting in sixth
place, made th. Quarter in :30\, the half
i!i 1:01, tht th.cc- quarters in 1:31*41 and
wont under the wire but a head in .front
of Prince Alert and Royal R. Sheldon, who
were noses apart for second place, in the
rtcord-bre.'.king time of 14.l 4 . The best
previous lime made by a pacing mare in
v race uas made by Lena H. driven by
McDowell, last year at Cleveland, in 2:05^.
1 his is the fastest time made over.' the
track sinct John R. Gentry made his race
record of 2:<n^2 in 1896. Lady of the Manor
improved ncr own best previous record by
3 ! -_- seconds. " .
Twelve horses lined up for the-2:14 c'ias's
trot, with Lord Vincent ruling favorite;
ard he won in straight heats, lowering his
ir.a:k in each heat. There was a postpoi-.f:—
ment l*i the 2:13 trot on account or uark
ness; and the race will be riniohed'to~m«_>r
rnv.-. Intact^ Hanweil and Pixie will be
<lmv.:i, however. Kesutts:
_• 7 lace, pur.-c :3km— Lady of the Mancr won
tvcr.il. third and fifth heats. Time— 2:»Vi.
-•"'«>'•*, 2:<Jt'-~. Royal R £heid.<n won first and
fourth heats ana was secend. Time— 2 :'-■«/'♦.
":it'i. Prince Aiert thlra. Arfanais, Choral
and Egosen and Ex;.!ctt also started.
2:14 «!a>s, trotting, purse $lV.w— L.ird Vincent
v.on in stralsht heats-. lime— 2:10 li, -2:O3Vi,
:.i.i^. Charle) Herr second. Precision, mlii.
Phoeby Chlidero, Improvidence Pilatecn
Chanty, Ruby 11. Robert J. Nancy King, Pro
ton and (.eiibate also started.
.':i.< clas-s, trotting, purse JU'-W (unfinished) —
l.<-iah S won tiiird and fourth heats. Time —
-:;i : ». -:11\. Jock D won second heat -in I.: 11..
IXiilard W'Hkes won first heat in 2.12 1 i. Exc- T,
Es;mo Rex. P-.xie. Oakley, Intact and Hart-
Weil a. >j. started.
DAVEXPORT, lowa. Aug. IS.-The August
meeting of the Mile Track Association closed
to-day. Weather fine; track dusty. Attend
ance :3». Results:
Pree-lor-all pacing, purse J.»— Directly won
stiond, third and lourth heats. Time — 2
- •«. 2:0j?4. Kyelet won the first eat in
t:Qt%. Tom Ogdtn, Birch Twig, Don. Kitty R
and Warren V also started.
2.^5 class, truttir-g, ],ur=-e iMO— Black Robert
wen in atraj^ht heats. Phrase. Granite. Vulero,
Vircrf aji>l -- ■- ii also started. Best time,
J:id class, trotting, purse $500— Sarah B won
In straight heats. Aergle Medium, Josephine
Dtxon, Al Trobie, Carrie -Shield. Thomas C
Al^or.star and Grace T also started. Best
time, 2:<.i\i.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. IS.— The track wa» test at
the Fair Grounds to-day. The third race was
th» icoiit interefcUnK. Marie G. Brown winning
iron the favorite. Hi Nocker, by a noee. Re
sults:
First race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs—Fort Tnlon won, Flylotta second, Wyn
r.cUfjour third. Time, 1:03.
Second race, selling, five furlongs— Uncle BUI
wen. Stella Berkley second, Bessie Swing
third. Time. 1:16. .
Third race, two-year-olds, five and a half fur-
Jcr.fes— '■■■■■-'■ G. Brown won. HI Nocker second
Oar.robert thirn. Time, 1:10.
Fourth race, selling, six furlong*— Miss Bram
ble wan, ■'•••-■ - Lou second, Grantor third
Time. 1:15.
Knth race. Felling, two mil's— Kodak won
Barrier second. Jack Bradley third. Time!
2:30 V» .•
Sixth race, selling, one mile— Barrleeo won
Mamie G second. Lord Neville third Time,
'
SARATOGA, N. Y. Aug. IS.— Only one of the
first choices captured the money to-day.: Little
Vercnica was the good thing, anything from
10 la 1 dDwr. being <. ffered. Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Brigade won Exit
eecond. General Mart Gary third. Time I:ZVA
Second race, five furlongs— Little Veronica
won. Fleeting Moments second. Golden. Scepter
third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, one and a quarter miles—
u'-'H 1 w^ on> Ileau Ideal eeconJ. Meadow
third. Time. i!:C7*i.
Fourth race, one mile— Wolhurst won, Estaca
becon'l. Muurice third. Time. 1:41^.
Fifth race, one mile— Alpen won Myth sec
ond, Star'of Bethlehem third. Time, l:4lVs.
DETROIT. Aug. IS.-N. Dymeta mare Fly
ing Bess ei-tabllshed a new track record at
Highland Park to-day, when phe stepped Bis
furlongs in 1:13 H. Her performance was the
feature of the day's racing. Weather warm
track good. Results:
First race, sever, furlongs, selling— Damocles
won, Demosthenes second. Traveler third
Time. 1:29. .
Second rice, four and a half furlongs, two
year-oM maidens, selling— Aristo won Queen
Eric second, Slnnemahone third. Time, -56
Third race, six furlongs, all ages, allow
ances—Flying Bess won. Tube Payne 'second.
Advance Guard third. Tl.ne, 1:13H-
Fourth race, one mile-, allowances
won. Em second, Rubel third. Time, 1:42
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell
ing—Windward won, Ellsmere second, Perclta
third. Time, IMS 1 ;.
Blxth race,, seven furlongs, selling—Manza
nita won, Charlotte M eecond. Libation third.
Time, 1:23.
CHICAGO. Aug. IS.— killing wu made in
the fifth- race at Hawthorne to-day on- Hager
don. He was backed from 30 to 1 to 8 to 1
here and also, it is said, all over the country.
lie cam* through next the rail and beat the
favorite Caloocan, handily. May Beach, ran
six furlongs in 1:13. She and Montanus were
the winning favorites. Weather clear. Track
fast. Results:
Seven furionzs. selling— Murat won, Harry I
Thoburn second, Ed Ttpton third. Time, 1:26^.
Five ami a half furlongs, selling— Azua won,
TIMy Ann eecord, Monteagle third. Time.
1.-OSU-
Six .furlone-y— May Beach won, Kensington
eecond, " ...... third. Time, 1:13.
One and a sixteenth miles— Fair Deceiver
won. Little second. Young Dixon third. Time,
1:47>,4-
Five furlongs— Hagerdon won. Caloocan ' sec
ond. Jake Weber third. Time. 1:01..
One mile, selling— Montanus won. Racivan
second, Owyhee third. Time. 1:41»4.
TENNIS AT SANTA MONICA.
Day Marked by One of the Best
Games of the Season.
SANTA MONICA, Aug. 18.— Interest con
tinued unabated in to-day's programme at
the tennis courts, and also brought one of
the best games yet played In the match.
that of Sinsabaugh and Hendricks against |
Daggett and B. Rowan. The match be
tween R. A. Rowan and Sinsabaugh was
also a hotly contested one. Mrs. Ran
dolph H. Miner, assisted by. the Misses
Rose Newraark, Shankland and Hugue,
was hostess of the day.
The score is as follows:
Mixed double*, final mateh — Hardy and Miss
Dobbins beat Bell and Miss Violet Button; 7-5,
7-5.
Ladles' singles, semi-finals— Miss F. Button
Seat Miss Dobbins; 6-2, 6-4.
Seml-flnali, men's doubles — and- Way
beat Oliver and Qoodlns; 6-3, 6-2. Slnsa.bau«;h
»nd Hendricks beat Dampen and B. Rowan;
1-6. 6-4. 6-4.
Consolation singles — Wilson beat Britt; 6-8,
i-2, 6-2. Bcnnlck b?at Goodlngr; 6-! ,6-2. Hen-
Irick beat Coons; 6-1, 6-3. R. A. Rowan beat
blnua.ba.uKh ; 6-2, 9-7.
. ♦ .
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea I
ir»u=r tub and swimming baths, North Beach. * |
o
S Jfid ?7?cCoy Jfnoc/ced Out -•§>«♦
--o -*S*^^- Jiverages of JLcague Players
KID McCOY KNOCKED
OUT BY McCORMACK
Philadelphia Pugilist Easily Wins the
Fight in the First Round.
Blow on the Jaw That Causes as Much Surprise
to the Victor as to the Vanquished — Over-
Confidence the Cause of Defeat.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KID McCOY.
Who was knocked out by Jack IfeC •. nieht.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18— Jack McCor- ,
mack of Philadelphia knocked out Kid
McCoy in about one minute to-night.
The bout was to have been for six
rounds, and it was generally thought
rmack stood no show at all. He
himself said before entering the ring
that he was going in the ring to do his
best and let it go at that. The fight
was short, and so quickly over that
there was almost nothing to it but the
i punch that put McCoy to sleep. The
fight was und^r strict Queensberry :
I rules, hitting with ono arm free per- !
mitted.
Wh^n the gorig sounded McCormack !
started in to rusti things, relying on hip
. great-: b • :_'!;: -and superior strength to
QCe. Ho received a ;
straight left in the mouth the first time i
he tried it, and a second later a say- i
i age left hook on the side of- the head. '
I Then he rushed twice more, car:
1 McCoy to the ropes each time. The :
, first time he hit M - ' the kid
! neys with his right. The second time,
jas they came from the ropes, still
! clinched, McCoy freed his left and sent I
a houk to Mc< Virmaek's cheek, 'impping
him to the floor.- McCormack lay quiet,
; making a pretense of claiming a foul, i
j although none had been committed. \
I McCormack rose on the order of Ref- j
eree Hogan with a sheepish grin on his
face. The knock-down had not injured
him In the slightest.
The men squared off once more and
then came the end like lightning from
a clear sky. McCoy was moving cau- I
tiously around McCormack, both hands
low down, neither being as high as the
belt. McCormack suddenly let fly his
right and it landed full on the jaw.
McCoy went down like a dead man
j flat on his back, legs and arms out
stretched, his face pointing squarely to
the ceiling. It was evident the instant
he struck the floor that his fighting was
over for to-night, at least.
Pandemomium broke loose in the hall I
and there were wild calls for McCor
mack and shrieks of "Get up, Kid," \
"Get up." Hogan went down on one i
knee by the side of McCoy and shouted i
his call of the seconds in the fighter's !
ear, but McCoy was past all hearing.
At the wurd "Ten" he raised his head |
slightly and Hogan paused an instant I
before he shouted "Out!" but M
was still out of it. Thirty seconds
would not have brought him into condi
tion to fight again..
The instant that Hogan shouted the
word that gave the fight to McCormack j
the yelling In the hall increased until it |
was deafening. The end had come so
quickly that it took the crowd a few 1
seconds to realize that McCoy had been j
beaten. The seconds of McCormack •
fairly hugged their man in their de- !
light, and the big fighter stood with a
smile on his face as though wondering
how it had all come about. For all
that, he had won a good fight, fairly
fought and fully deserved his victory.
The general opinion seemed to be that j
McCoy lost the fight through an excess ;
lof confidence. His easy knock-down of ;
McCormack in the opening of the fight ,
had given him an idea that he would ;
have it all hl3 own way to the finish,
and he was not as careful as he might
have been. He made no effort at any
time to block the leads of McCormack,
simply making motions as though to
push them aside. It worked a number ;
of times, but finally it did not. and he ;
lost the fight. McCoy was helped to j
his feet by his seconds and walked 1
slowly to his corner. He was gaining !
strength rapidly again, and by the time
he reached his chair was ready to fight
again. He took his defeat very much to ,
heart, but did not say anything.
Before the fight it was announced by
Tommy Ryan that he had come to j
Chicago for the purpose of making a '
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
match with McCoy at loS pounds at
the ringside. When Mc< ! th.
ling he announced that he was willing
to make a match with Ryan and he
• the matter to-r.ight or
•row.
There has be»n bad feeling between
the men for years, and it added bitter
ness to the defeat for McCoy to have
his old enemy see hi? defeat.
After the tight, while McCoy was sit
ting in his corner, Ryan came up to
him, laughing, and said: "<>h. give me
a match. McCoy. Give me a match."
McCoy did- not even look up as Ryan
walked away and n ply.
McCoy would say very little after the
fight, merely claiming that it was a
chance blow which
In a hundred fights by a
man of McC irmai k's ability.
mmy Ryan said: "I was not look
ing for it Just that way. I'll admit. I
don't know what I was looking for, ex
actly, but it ■ - c. thing to me,
and that is. McCoy has lost his. sight—
his fiizhtir.K sight. He can't B
hand at a time. When McCormack
ted with thi- left h^ drew back,
threw out his right a little to stop the
he thought w:is coming. He never
saw the right at all. He thought that
left feint was all there was to it. He
simply can't see two hands un an oppo
nent."
•'.e'jrge filler- said: "It looked to me
like a fight lost through overconfidenee.
I don't mean to take anything from
McCormack when I say that, for he
won his fight fairly and honestly. Mc-
Coy acted as though he had an
thins of it. and his knock-*down of M>
noed him that there was
1 ne man to it. He was not careful
enough with his guard, it seemed to
me, but then these very things are
what lose and win a fight. A' man is
t"'iind to get punched If he don't stop
the punch. The men could probabiy
fight a long time before such a thing
would happen again, but it happened
thi? time and McCormack is entitled to
all the credit."
Long after the fight was over Mc-
Coy consented to talk about the knock
out. He seemed almost broken-hearted
and sat in his room with a hopeless
look en his face, saying nothing save
wh>"-n questioned directly.
"I suppose," he said, "that I held
McCormack a little too cheaply, but
for all that I was not fighting care
l-s.-ly. and I want it undrn-toud that
I was fairly and honestly beaten. I am
making no excuses whatever. McCor
mack fought me in a manly way and
won a victory. However, I still hold
the opinion- that I am the better man
and if McCormack will give me another
chance I am willing to fight him
again."
When asked concerning the actual
kr.o-ckout McCoy said:
1 I really knew absolutely nothing
about it. The last thing I remember
is seeing McCormack on his knees
after I had knock d him down. What
happened after McCormack got up I
don't know. I don't remember that he
did get up, but I guess he must have
done to," lip said with .1 feeble laugh.
When asked about Ryan's taunting
him for a match McCoy said: "I never
h";ird it. I mver saw him. I wa.6
back in my room before I knew any
thing at all."
McCormack said: "I was satisfied
from what I had heard from Ryan
and others that I. could beat McCoy,
although I naturally did not think I
could do it so quickly. The victory has
not inflated me with the idea that I can
beat any of the other great fighters,
but Just the same I am going after
some of the best."
Flower Show. .
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. IS.— The Santa
Cruz Floral Society will hold a dahlia ex
hibit and flower show next week, com
mencing Tuesday. The proceeds will be
devoted to tho town clock fund.
AVERAGES OF
LEAGUE PLAYERS
FOR THE SEASON
San Francisco Leads
in Team Fielding.
SENATORS ARE THE BATTERS
DENNIE HAS A CLEAN RECORD
IN FIELDING.
Cranks and Enthusiasts May See Just
What Each Man in the League
Is Doing With His
Chances.
Trie following Is a specially prepared li?t
of average batting and fielding for every
individual player in the league. The table
tells its own tale, and is as follows:
CATCHERS.
BATTING AVERAGES.
RACING IN MONTANA
IS TO BE REVIVED
One Hundred Days of Sport Next Sum
mer—Marcus Daly to Race a Big
. String Here Next Winter.
From reliable sources It is learned
there will- be one hundred days of racing
In Montana next summer. The circuit will
probably include Butte. Anaconda and
Great Falls, the report to the effect that
the Anaconda track would be plowed up
proving to be a canard. There has been
no racing in Montana to speak of. during
the present season, as the shopkeepers
were complaining of hard tim^s and
Marcus Daly wisely concluded to give the
people a rest. Substantial purses and a
world of coin in the betting ring has made
this section of the country very popular
with horsemen, and there .will no doubt
be an exodus of California owners in that
direction next spring.'
Frank McMahon, he of the smiling
countenance and winning ways, well
known as the former owner of the good
Performer Pat Morrisey, arrived from
Montana Wednesday, accompanied by
Henry Gerhardy, the widely known
trainer. and owner. The latter is col ik T
k-red one of the most capable men in the
business. When the Corrigan horses were
winning all their races here last winter
they were handled by the ex-jockey. At
the close of the season Henry severed his
connection with Corrigan, since which
time the game has been a losing one for
the dethroned ruler of Ingleside and
Hawthorne. McMahon has in training at
Sacramento Stromo, Black Orphan and
Unknown, while Gerhardy expects to win
several purses with his i-year-old Alaria.
Billy Randall, the Great Falls horse
man, recently suffered a sad bereavement
In the death of his "mother, who passed
away at her home In lowa. Mr. Randall
is now in Montana and will ship -his
horses, at present racing in the East,
to Oakland track in about ten days.
Marcus Daly will race a big string of
horses here next winter, some twenty
seven in all. The veteran Dan Dennison
will train and manage the stable, which
will be headed by the crack handicap
horse Imp. Isador, one of the best weight
packers in the country. Some Bitter Root
yearlings that are reeling off three fur
longs in the neighborhood of ?,<o\ 2 seconds
at this early stage will also help to make
up the stable.
Three Montana stables lately arrived
at Sacramento, attracted by the rich
purses offered at the State Fair.
"Whisky" Williams baa in his string
White Fern, Croker, Silver II and a 2
year-old by Sam Lucas. "Bill" Pheno
will send Willm<ter and two others to the
post, and Guy Deming will depend on old
I Don't Know and Juva.
Pat Reagan, the papular assistant of
Starter Jim Ferguson, who has been so
journing at Tuscan Springs, is back In
town. When the hostelry at that place
burned down Pat escaped from the build
ing with his clothes on his arm, while
a dampened towel protected a freshly
grown crop of luxuriant whiskers.
A recently arrived turfite from the East
says that Henry Shields can now ride
at ninety pounds.' If that is the case th&
elongated rider must be suffering with
consumption. . • •
• ♦ ■ .
A Pioneer Passes Away
Thomas J. Glhon, one of the best known
pioneers, passed away at his home on
Thursday after a few hours' Hlness. His
death was as peaceful as it was sudden.
He had returned to his home feeling In
disposed, and shortly after his arrival he
became unconscious and while in that
condition died. Mr. Gihon arrived in this
city in- the early (if ties and engaged him
self with the Pacific Mail Company. He
was In its employ for many years. Tir
ing of the sea,, he returned to his busi
ness of engraving, which he was actively
engaged In up to the time of his' death.
The funeral services will be held to-day
at 1:30 o'clock from the chapel •of the
Good Samaritan, Second street, between
Howard and Folsbm. The interment will
be private.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN CURED
| DR. METERS & CO. are the most H
reliable physicians because they are the B
■most successful. They are the most H
.fmccessful for the reason that they are M
! . the most skilled and experienced. They J9f
have been curing diseases and weakness Ea
I of men for more than eighteen years, M
1 • and have the largest and best equipped H
medical Institution and the most ex-. H
; tensive practice in America. They ■ m
never use Injurious remedies. Lfl
NO f* AY TILL CURED I
Patients can arrange to pay when 5
they are well, or may pay In monthly 1
installments as they prefer. • |
[ Consultation and /■■" Jicu-fcfor Men 1-Yrt |
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK 1
Thousands are cured annually without I
• Beting ' the doctors. All correspondence 9
confidential. No printing on envelopes |
or packages to indicate name of sender. S3
PRIVATE BOOK FREE BY MAIL. g
DR.MEYERS&CO. 9
73/ MARKET ST., S. F. ■ H
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR F»
Daily, I to 5. H
HOURS: Evenings, 7to 8. ■ M
[Sundays, 9 to 11. ||
j __ ___ —
Jason Brown Tells the Pathetic Story
of His Life.
He is the son of John Brown of Harpers Ferry 'ame and now iives
. ' in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
; Who Will Be the Next Pope?
The Cai I has secured d ; rect from Rome portraits of twenty-seven
Cardinals one of whom will undoubtedly be the next Pope.
The Ceremony of Consecrating a Sovereign
Pontiff. B y R^'- C * A5 - browne.
My Experience __________________
■ ** Devvev and His Men
Telephone G?rl. Homeward Bound
■By -MARIAN WEST. °" the O! y m P ia '
. _ _ From the .latest photo^raohs.
A Sunday Ca,l reporter has worKed as a
" Hello' Girl,." and from actual experience
has learned why the telephone girls seek \ !
relief by su cide.
EVER SEE A LOBSTER SHED HIS SHELL?
This Interesting trick i '^strated from i.fe in next Sunday's Call.
San francisco s most practically the only bumbjat woman on the
patriotic woman. ' pacific coast.
Fishermen who eat, live and work in ther boats
THE MOST THRILLING SITUATIONS IN STEPHEN CRANES
• • "ACTIVE SERVICE."
the Practical Housekeeper — Mary Van Buren and Her Stunning Stage
Gowns — How Our Boys Spent July 4 in Samoa — And Many Other Novel Features
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
MUNYON'S INHALER
J^% CATARRH
\ Smi Colds, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
Sssk chitis * Asthma
filf^.^r v; s§M and ali Diseases
Wh i llW o the Throat and
<i^rl ir Lungs.
dead* of Medicated . Vapor are inhaled
J through the mouih and omitted from the nog
. trlls, cleansing and raporizin? nil the inSamed
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine takes into the stomach.
1 — reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
' places— lt goes to (he seat of disease— lt acts at
1 a balm and tonic -to the whole system— sl.oo at
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., Phila*
/*^^ Dr,, Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL^S^ira 825 &E.IKSV ST. Established
fifTl «"<?*& ln I** 3 "* 'or the treatment ol Private
aDi% Gibbon's Dispensary,
825 hEABSY ST HsWblißQ^l
In 1834 ior the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manh«v><l Deolllt" or
KsSsisvaSu disease wearing on bod van d mind ana
SrolSS^Sfl Sliln Ol^as»-s. lti^dcctorcureswben
»»v^'?:S^jl r ''- hei 3 11. Try aim. !_hnrgea low
*''C!£»K£a3 CarMSEoranlccfl, CiJlorwritu
»r J- r ««&?IK«.; .- Bex :?'!7 Sac Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
I RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Harry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 5:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
! and 11:30 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— -8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30
I 6:00, 6:20 p: m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:«.
I 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
! 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
j 6:25 p. m.
j Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
i same schedule as above.
Leave > Arrive •
San Francisco. ! In Effect ' ; San Francisco.
| . i April 16. I 1 .
V."eek . San- USB. ' Sun- ' Week
Days. . days. I Destination. days. J Days.
i 7:30 arm S:00 am; Novato. 10:40 am S:4oam
; 3:39 pmj 9:30 aai; Petaluma, j 6:oi prn,10:25 a.ni
j l:lf pm E:00 pm: Santa Rosa. 7:33 pmj 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
. " Healdsbur?.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
S:3O pm 'S:00 am GloverdaJe, ' 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
i 7:30 amj | Hopland and j 10:25 am
1 3:30 praj 8:00 a-n Uklah. j 7:35 pm 6:*o pm
1 1 .
7:30 am| \ 10:15 am
1.8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm.'
3:30 pm . j 6:10 pm
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 10:<0 am 8:40 am
I ■ and
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pmi 6:2opm
T:SO am B:oo.am' Sebaatopol. 10:40 am [lo :Js am
3:30 pm 5:00 pnv 1 7:35 pmj 6:23 pm
Stages. connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lyttcn Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale.tor the Geysers;- at Hop-
land for Duncan :Spr'lr.gs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs ; at I'klah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Rlversid? Lierley'3,
Bucknell's. . Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Boonevllle. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Willitts. Layton-il!e, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and.Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■ ■
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITTNO, p.. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago,
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST.' TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
D-UCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTER-
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. • 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT -TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1599
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning "Same Even-
Ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20
p. m.
SUN DATS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40
-• THOS COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market at
j RAILROAD TRAVEL.
feorTHKRN PACIFIC tOMPAXT.
(PACIFIC BISTRM.)
Train* leave i»n«l m« due l«» nrrlTe at
HAH im\(iw«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
;, 4
ieatt: — From August 2, 1339. — arkivjS
7:00 a V, ! Ida, Suisun and Sacramento.... 3:43p
7:OOa MarrsTilie. OroTlJeaud Ueddiu£ ria
Woodlmd 5:451»
7:OOa Elmira, Vacarille and Rumsey Bs3oß
7:Sffl* Martiuez, San Itamoa.V^lleJo, Nap a,
Calistcga aud Santa Rosa...' 6il3b
8:O0a Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Kast.. 9i43«,
' Mi:iua Han .lose. Livermore, Stockton.
love, Sacramento, • Plaeerrtlle,
Marysi file, Chico, Ued Bluff 4«!3r
8:»Oa 'Milton, Oakdale an'd Sonora 4tl3p
8:30 a Yo3imite Valley via Oakdale and
Chines.- 4:13*
0:00 \ Haywards, Nil' a and Way Stations.' 11:13 a.
0:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Laturop; Stockton.
Merced and Fresno , 12:13*
»:OOa Fresno, UalteralJelil Santa Rurbara,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East Bi43p
10:00 a Va::'J-:. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4Ze
1 1 :«O a Hay wan' NUes and Way Stations . StlSr
12:OOm Nils, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Via Via,
PcrterTllle.: 4:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento nireT Stenmers *S:OOp
S:00p Haywardfl. Niltt and Way Stations . a 1 13 v
4iUop Martiuez, San lUxon, Valiejo,
Napa, l'a!i«toi<a, .Santa Rosa »:13*
4iOOr Benicia. VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights ; Landing,
Msrysvtlle, Ororllle l«:4."»i.
4:30p Niles, Sen Ode and Stockton 7i13?
■l:3Op Yoscnsite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13*
3!OOpXhoOwL Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field. Saagus for Santa- Barbara,
Lcs Angeles.....'. 9:43 i.
3:80p StocktOD, Merced, Fresno ia>!3?
B::*»p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojaro end I. OS Angeles Bi4Sa
Bt3Op SanU Va Koute. Atlantic Express
for Mojare and East 8:43*
6:00 p Ch!cago-Sau Francisco Special, Ogdeu '
. and l:".ast 8:30*
6:00p Harvard*. Kiles and San Jose 7«4 A.
\ •6:00 1' Vaflejo 12:13*
J7:OOp Vail , Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tions- 29:33*
B:A3r Oregon express, Sacramento, Marys-
Tiltu. 1;..- iii k. I'oitlaud, l'uget
5.,ii,..1mi.1 l-:a»t 8:15 a.
COAST DIVISION i.N.irro«T (lange).
(Foot ct M.-.rkot Street.)
J7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Sutions ! S: 4> 3 '
81 13 a Newark, Centemlle.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations , 3:30*
*3:13p Newark, Centerrillo. San Jose, New
Ahnaden, Felton. 1) ■<:' let Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations •10:30*
. 4:13p Ban Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tior.a. .•.; 0:20 a
M«l3pFe!t Santa Cruz- and Way 6ta-
tinns / 9:80 x
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rro»SlS rttIXCISCO— fast c? Uirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. JltflO *2:03 13:53
•i:C3 t3:C3 *6:ooi'.M.
rrMiOAIUND— Feat «f ßreadwt-.— "6:00 8:00 10:00*. H.
■ "112:00 «i::: t:::: «3;C3 ti:Q3 »3:QOr.M.
COAST hi VISION i Broad Gan^e).
I (Third ai.d Tov.-nsciul St 3.)
I ♦6:10.\ Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. *0:30*
*7:O0a Ran Jo.«e riml Way Btatl M (New'
AlmaUen Wednedda^souly) • •8:00 a,
27:30 a Bunday excursion t i Eanta Cruz,
PtadßO Grove and Principal Way
SUtion3 I"<:33»
9:06* San Jiiae. Troa Piuoa, Bauta Cruz,
Pacllic Grove. I'ain Itobles. San
l.r.is <>;■!.■.]-:>, S;irf, Lompcc and
Prluclpa] Way BtatlniM 4:10r
, I»>10.a San Jose and Way Stall 6:3."»4
j I I:3Oa San ,1.'38 aud Way Stations It3o*
1 *3:4spSan Mateo. Iledwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Hollister. 'Santa Crux. Silicas.
Monterey and I'aeiflo GroTe '10:36*.
"l:»r San Jo»e, Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove
aurt Principal Wr.y Stations »7:Bi>*
i •4tlSrSanJ ear Principal W.-iy itin:s U:43a
I •3:;:': San Jo3oand Principal V.'ayEutioas '8:33*
SauJoaeand Principal Way Stations '9:<10.<
r»::!!lp Sao Jose and Way Stations ■ ."ir.'JOp
tll:4.'tn .San Josennil Way Stations {7:30*
A for Morning. V for AflsnHxm.
• Suuday excepteri. } Sunday only. ' Saturday only.
fcSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
■ NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Comrr.er.,., April tZ. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. I
1:45. 3:20. 4:00. '6:00. 8:19 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. . Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. »9:OC. «10:00. 11:00. ' 11:30 a.
m.; 1:00, »1:45. »?:SO. "4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run- to Pan Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sunday s.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— •6:40. 7:55. 8:40. 't4:ia
i a m . . 12:30. 215. •3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.- Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— I:OO. •*:«, *9:45. »1():45. 11:4$
ia. m. : 1:00. 2:20. •3:SO. *5:15. »«:00. 7:00, 10:13
p: m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. .12:35. 1:45. 4:55. s:*o p. r-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, nt 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00 lOjOO. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20, 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. I
1 7:00 a. m week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
! 1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)-.
Point Reyes and way stations.
J:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. . Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. -;. IS3D. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passeri- Mixed. Mixed. i Passea*
ger. : Sunday Stations.' Sunday ger.
Dally Exc'ptd '■ Exe'ptd Dally.
7:20 atn[lo:3o am Stockton I 3:45 pml 6:00 pra
9:10 am 1 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm -4:13 pra
10:40 am! 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pi»
11:33 am 1 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 ara
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:22 pra
12:15 pm »:o3 pm Tulare ■ 5:50 am 1:05 pra
"stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*)
I Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market st.,
; San Francisco.
iWesßfCtlLOOperlßai
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction off. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat unsettled at a further advance.
Barley steadier, but with no speculation.
Oats, Corn and Rye stand the same.
crop Beans received from the Sacramento River.
Hay still depressed under heavy receipts.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Grain Bags shozv no weakness.
Rice slightly in buyers' favor.
Provisions quieter at unchanged quotations.
Potatoes weak and Onions firm. Tomatoes advanced.
Eggs and Cheese firm. Butter dragging slightly.
Poultry markets in fair shape.
Bartlett Pears doing better again. Peaches. neglected.
Grapes and Melons in heavy supply. . ■
Oranges out of market. *»
Considerable change in Dried Fruit.
Meat market stands the same.
New prices for Codfish,
tied and White Lead advanced? . . ;
Coal in light supply.
Charters. •■
The Amy Turner loads mdse for HUo.-
The Ventura Is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope, 335.
Our National Exports.
The following nr-= taken from the bulletin
IBSUed by the Bureau of Statistics of the Treas
ury Department show the value of the prin
cipal articles of merchandise exported from the
United States for the seven months ended July
81: Breadstufts, $142,063,461; cotton. 1*9,025.750;
mineral oils, {22.717.J07; cattle and hogs, $17.
--202,524; provisions, 543 7:4; totals. 1377,912,936.
The values of .the articles mentioned exported
during the seven months • led July 31. IS3S,
were $436,269,263. The value of the exports of
breadstuffs from fan Francisco during July
•nap $571,^37, and for thr> seven months then 1
ended $4.500.V57.- against $164,607, and J7.211.22*
for tn6 Siini6 tinic liist j 03.r.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York fay:
"There is a dullness in actual trade, but in
quiry increases and the outlook ; for a good
tni'le in futures is encouraging. It is so much |
so thr.t holders ■■■ firm in their views and re
fus3 to grarit concession?, being under the im
pression that if they maintain their present
prices distributors will be compelled to pay j
them or go without stocks. • As long as the
present difference of opir.r.r; uetween buyer and ]
eeller exists there will be a dull market, so far ,
Its actual transactions go.
"Prunes are attracting considerable atten- . .
t!on, but with the exception of occasional small |
lots trading is limited. Offerings are on -a ;
basis of 3uc for ftinta Clara goods foe early
ehipm'ent and 3c for outside. Even at. these
figures little business is done, orders for the
niu.-u part being for small quantities. The crop
Is e=timatf>o somewhat below last ear's output
In California and as a practical failure in the
Northwest and road.
"Peaches are not Belling very rapidly at pres
ent prices. There Is little trading, but plenty
of Inquiry for futures. All supplies are held at ;
6%C Htm, f. o. b., in bags, the coast. While
gales are not large, holders are very stiff in
their views and buyers show no disposition to
inp^t them. The output will probably be heavy
and conditions favor a continuation of the pres
i-nt' ftrons position. Buyers profess to think
that prices will lie lower and that better oppor
tunities to purchase will be afforded later. It
Is said however, that present prices will rule i
for the balance ol this month and the first of j
next. Some holders are firmer in their views
and insist upon fi^c. It is not known that any
pales have i«>en made at that figure, however,
and buyers say that none will be made.
"Raisins arc quiet and trade is limited to
small retail orders. Consuming demand is
trnall at this spa«.n, but there is plenty of
inquiry for futures at prices to b<? rna-le by the i
association. Conditions of the growing crop are
promising anl indicate that the yield will be
almnst as large as last year, though some
shortage, at present undetermined, is prob
able."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 18, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka sS|San Diego 68
l-V-sno ... Mj Kp.cramento ....SO
Los Angeles 71 Independence 76
Red L.luff SSiYuma 94
Ban Luis Obispo 54 1
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60; minimum, J52; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th» weather If generally cloudy along the
coast from San Francisco northward; elsewhijce
on the Pacific Slo:>o fair weather prevails.
Li^ht showers occurred during the day at San
lilegn and in Eastr-rn Oregon.
The pressure has risen over the Pacific Slope
except in Eastern portions <>f Washington and
Oregon." where there has been a slight fall.
The temperature Ims risen (jvor Northern and
Ontral California, Northern Nevada and Ore-
Eon; elsewhere H has fallen slightly.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
vhat warmer weather in California Saturday.
Forecast ' rr.iuie at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending ml might, August 19 1899;
Northern California— Fair Saturday; warmer
light northwest wind.
Southern California— Saturday fresh
■west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy, with showers in north
portion Saturday; warmer.
Utah -Partly cloudy Saturday; probably
showers In the mountains.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; warmer
San Francisco an.l vicinity— Fair; warmer
Saturday; light northwest wind
G. H. WILLSON
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug y' ? itock market
•waa active and strong, the dealings were re
markably well dletribtited, and the strength
v I. orally diffl at any time j
during tho week There was an evident acces- 1
■ lo:i ' ' ■ ■ in the market in the
lon houses,
as waa to be ■■ , Jro p
<■■' the last few <": were pretty well
marked un at tl rt, and selling to realize
waa 01 . li: . .. thr . open .
ing hour. Offerinjrs were well absorbed,
however, at small values, the mar
ket being sustained meanwhile by the notable
upward movement of 1 >me usually obscure
After this first realising had been
digested there whs a breathing sp*!l and
prices I gt of the day. In
moon, however, the burden at reaj
iz!n *' ! lelded ;
all around, a Dumber of the recent leaders
lost practically all of their earlier Kairi^ no
■ ' ks. Southern
• and S uthern Railway pre
ferred, -vine;! rose early from one to two
The high-priced specialties and the I
stocks of rations were subjected
to ri-nf-v.-t ,1 bear ; ; m: ■.-.<•! notable
decliiv
Gas, which ! points rea itively
A fraction was knocked off prices all through i
• ' ral list were
brought be! w b point A very substantial rt»
in urices remains, nevertheless, gains being
illy diffusf-ii through the list. The
[flcs, the Southwesterns the ;
' ■ ft coal roads all '
na-ve 1 . approaching a point Louis- I
ville 1 tinu ■; to be taken on a very large
scale ai . bed up at one time to 80>4
Southern Railway preferred declined on realiz
ing with the publication of the dividend an
nouncement and the statement of the finances
for th.' year. Minneapolis and St. Louis made
a brilliant advance of C%. the second preferred
rising 2-2- The in.-n and steel stocks lagged
througl ept T.-nnes.:iee Coal, Which
.: is again to near the high point
Late reaiinlng was In part c!i:o to a revulsion
in the recent conference over the money mar
ket outlook, In spite of the fact that call money
worked lower to-day. The market closed heavy
with only a few stocks marked up fractions In
the final dealings. There was large demand for
Southern Pacific fours at or above 84. South
era mortgages as a rule were strong and prices
higher. Sales, par value, $3. 755,01k). ■ : ■.
United States old fours coupon declined Vi in
the bid price. <••....■
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ;•":• ■ r Closing:
Sold. Stocks— • ' Bid. •
10,225 Atchison 22 i
37,750 Atchison prefd ■ Go>i
6,700 Baltimore & 0hi0....... £2%
Canadian Pacific .. 56? 4
1.000 Canada Southern 54
22.5G0 Central Pacific .■ S^i
4.200 Chesapeake & Ohio : C*%
3,400 Chicago Great Western .■ l."'»
11,950 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 136* i
200 Chicago Ind & St Louis ex-div...,. S.i
Chicago Ind & St .Louis prcfd 40
100 Chicago & East Illinois 77
1,210 Chicago & Northwestern 162%
10,750 Chicago Rock' Island & Pacific l. ■■•■•
600 C C C & St L0ui5...... 57%
420 Colorado Southern '.-i
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 464
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17 1 -*
800 Delaware & Hudson 124
Delaware Lackawanna it Western.. l 76
500 Denver & Rio Grande '. 22
1,050 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76V»
Erie ■ ■ IS'/.
1,600 Erie Ist prefd ." SS'.i
6,500 Great Northern prefd : 16!
4.275 Hoiking Coal " 18%
1.270 Hocking Valley 26?*
1,42.". Illinois Central .' r. :.■•••;
2,120 lowa Central V 14% i
3,450 lowa Central prefd 59
1.200 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 11%
500 Lake Erie & Western 21» 4
125 Lake Erie & Western prefd Mi' 4
Lake Shore 20)'-..
11.873 Louisville & Nashville lb%
7,010 Manhattan L 116%
C,5. i0 Metropolitan Street Railway 806%
1,200 Mexican Central .' 151,
6,100 Minnesota & St Louis .*• 75%
].:•"■■ Minnesota & St Louis prefd 97 1 •
.18,650 Missouri Pacific 49%
200 Mobile & Ohio •. ; 46%
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
6 650 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 4O',i
500 New Jersey Central 11
3.200 New York Central 138%
■ 1.052 Norfolk & Western 23"
4.250 Norfolk & Western prefd 71%
84,150 Northern Pacific : 54%
4.U50 Northern Pacific prefd 77 1 ,
11,600 Ontario & Western >«- 2C : >;
Oregon Railway & Nay....- „ 44
2"'o Ortgon Railway & Nay prefd 75
1,800 Pennsylvania )3G
5,919 Reading ; -21.4
10.320 Reading Ist prefd ; 61%
1,628 Reading 2d prefd £3%
Rio Grande Western 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 75
200 St Louis & San Francisco 1114
St L<juis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd Zi\i
1,000 St Louis & Southwestern 17
4,400 St Louis & Southwestern prefd :■:..',
85,485 St Paul 133.-'
St Paul prefd ■ :...174
100 .-• Paul & Omaha 111%
85,2«1 Southern Pacific z;L
6.V00 Southern Railway ia3
16,360 -Southern Railway prefd 53%.
2,4'J0 Texas & Pacific 21»i
IS.-JW Union Pacific 4514
2,450 Union Pacific prefd 77-1.
300 Wabash g
4.000 Wabash prefd ; ... 21 : i
600 Wheeling &i, E u<u.
■::.■; Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 247
200 Wisconsin Central...* j..l
P C '■ & St Louis 763,
Express Companies—
100 Adams 113
American ....141
United States .- 50
Wells Fargo 128
Miscellaneous
200 American Cotton Oil 413;
American Cotton Oil prefd 98%
100 American Malting 17 "
' American Malting prefd 87%
1,300 American Smelting & Refining 48%
700 American Smelting & Ref prefd :■■,■.
150 American Spirits ,-,».
American Spirits prefd 27
2,250 American Steel Hoop 33
1 630 American Steel Hoop prefd ' S3
11,410 American Steel & Wire 5774
2,000 American Steel & Wire prefd 9fiu
:;-"■ American Tin Plate 4:*
SOO American Tin Plate prefd .; 89'
18,800 American Tobacco.. !!.'.ilv-
:. American Tobacco prefd "I!l41 .
2,625 Anaconda Mining Co ° 57
19,710 Brooklyn Rapid Transit "no
4,200 Colorado Fuel & Iron "] siu
4,100 Continental Tobacco ' nil
4,200 Continental Tobacco prefd. .671
4,220 Federal Steel .!!! eO i?
900 Federal Steel prefd * (.jij
General Electric '.'." V>;C
E2D Glucose Sugar "; 55
Glucose Sugar prefd. . .#. ""lib
2,118 International Paper '" 4^3'
320 International Paper prefd "' 7,
300 Laclede Gas...- 573/
1,450 National Biscuit 4s *
National Biscuit prefd... "1011*,
1,400 National Lead '.'.'.'.'.'. 32=
100 .National Lead prefd '. '"imj
1.270 National Steel !""III! '■,
300 National Steel prefd '" 97
New York Air Brake ...!!!!I"!l91
3,300 North American "'viv
700 Pacific Coast '.'.'.'.'.""" 44
Pacific Coast Ist prefd .'" ;;-,
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ... " roil.
1.443 Pacific Mail .""; £*
6,026 People's Qaa.\ !!!!!!!l' ) l
....... Pressed Steel. Car '"" '
360 Pressed Steel Car prefd... _....'."" 89
100 Pullman Palace Car. '.'.'.'.'.'. 150
290 Standard Rope & Twine... ... ••■••• J wu
23,310 Sugar " *.".V.'.ls3i'
Sugar prefd.. ....'.'.' 1211*
9,f«M Tennessee Coal & 1r0n..... " ".,
9,020 United States Leather.... . ".*"i"' gy
8,680 United States Leather prefd. '.'. -■ '
100 XTnlted States Rubber . . . "" IS?
United States Rubber prefd... "*'"iivt
758 Western Union..... .'.'.'.'. fcßVi
608,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 4a reg 10«%. M K& T 2d5....... ! 65%
Do 3s reg lOSVi Do 4s 93^
Do 3s coup 108% N V Cen lsts . hr
Do new 4s reg... 130% N J Cen gen ...120
Do new 4s coup.. 13"',, N Carolina 6s 12S
Do old 4s, reg.. ..112% 1 Do 4s '"104
Do old 4s c0up. .113 i Northern lsts. ll3
Do Bs reg Ill* Do 3s '67
Do f.s coup lU%| Do 4s imu
His of Col 3.655.... 117 IN YC&St L4s 107%
Ala class A 109 N& W con 4s. ' 951/
Do class B 108 , Do gen to.. .""135
Do class c 193 Or Nay lsts.... "ii 2'»
Do Currency 100 Do 45... Ims ?
Atchison Gen 45. .102 Or Short Llne*6a"l3o
Do adj 45... 87 Do con 6s 11314
Canada 80 2ds Reading Gen 4s "»s
Ches & Ohio 4^s.. 87V» X G W lsts... '"It ■
D »° l 8 -^ USTi S L & I M Con 88.113%
C & N Con 75.,..113' i S L & S F Gen 6sl"
Do S F Deb G5...122 St Paul Con no
Chic Term 4s; 9U% St P C & P lsts" '
D & R O Ist? 106 : Do 55......... ri>
Do 4b. ...:. ..:.....!<» Southern Ry 55....103iA
T \a & Ga lsts. 58% Stand R & T 65.... 84
Erie Gen 4s Term new set 3s 96
]• W& D C lsts... 80 Tex & Pac lsts 115
Gen Elec 6a 118& Do 2ds. . '55
Gal II & S A 0b. ...108 Union pac 4s 105
Do 2ds..v. 108 C & S 4s ',['.' ggu
H& T Cen 5s 111V4. Wabash lsts... lle^i
Do Con 8s 112%, Do 2d5.... 'lOOVi
lowa Cen lsts 115 I West Shore 45....'."1i4%
KCP & G lsts... 73>4iWl 8 Cen lsts... 76
La new con 4s 106 Va Centuries;.. . 85' A
L & N Un 4s 99% Do deferred..! " 5
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 7 no
Crown Point.. 21 Ophlr 1 o'i
Con Cal & Va.... 1 90 Plymouth 9
Deadwood . 60 Quicksilver ... "2 00
(Jould & Curry 37 Do prefd 800
Hale & Norcross.. 28 Sierra Nevada 65
Homestake 60 00 Standard .„! 2 40
Iron' 5i1ver......... 50 Union Con '...'. 25
Mexican 69 Yellow Jacket £7
THE SAX TIIAKCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
|;- : BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber EO.
CnJl loans 3VjS?4'i Union Pac 44«fe
Time loans «®5 West End 95
Stocks— . ! Do prefd 113*
AU-h Top & S F.. 22% West Blec prefd... CSU
Do prefd 65Tb Mining Shares-
Am Sugar K>' Adventure v 9
Do prefd.....:. 120 lAllouez Mm — 6
Bell Tel : 343 (Atlantic 9
Boston & Albany. .2"4 Boston & Mont 352
Boston L lO7Vi Butte & Boßtan — "8
Boston & Maine.. .2oo Calumet & Hecla. i
CB & Q '■ 13814 ; Centennial 36
Fitchburg prefd... 118 . | Franklin 80
Gen Elec 124 |Osceola- ; 89
Do prefd -.140 Parrot 52*" i
Federal Steel. 60 iQulncy 15S i
Do pr-erd 82 Santa Fe Copper.. 13% |
Mi x Centra 1........ ISM, Tamarack 226 !
Mich Tel 98 Winona 11
Old Colony 206 Wolverines 48
Old Dominion 37 Utah 44
Shipment of Silver.
. NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— steamer t'mbria,
palling for Europe to-morrow,- will take out
453,000 ounces of Silver.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business continued active here to-day. The
i attendance was slim on the holiday. Consols
eased off. after yesterday's spurt.
Americans were the leading feature- on buy
ing here, mainly Continental and semi-profes- '
sional; New York supported strongly, but
i prices weakened at the close. Jobbers leveling
their books. Advantage was taken of the ac
: tivity in Americans to rush Grand Trunks and j
Mexican rails. •.. .:,..'.> A :"i
Spanish fours were weak on reports of plague.
Tintos were 44* i; Bostons 1"4-
The bank did no business In discounts. It
bought £44,000 gold in bars and £3000 in Span
■ ish coin; £10,000. taken for Santos.
Silver was 27 11-16 d.
;. CLOSING.
LONDON, Auk. IS.— Canadian Pacific, 99%:
Northern Pacific preferred. 79Vs; Union Pacific
preferred. 79%: Atchison. 22%; Anaconda, 11%;
Grand Trunk,- S%; bar silver, 27 11-16 d; money,
j 2 per cent. . .
i« . P
New York Grain and Produce.
<? . . %._ i
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts, j
23,791; exports, 27,928; eak-s, 7100. Firmly held '
but quiet, apart. from a fair Inquiry for stand
ard brands.
WHEAT— 149,550; exports. 37,233;
sales, 2,400,000 futures. 165.000 sppt. Spot, firm;
V . 2 red, 78V4c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
Dulutli fcOVic, t. o. b. to arrive; No. 1 hard Du
luth-, N;\.-."f. ,'. b. afloat; No. 2. red, 7«^c ele
vator. Options;— Openei'. easy at unchanged
prices In consequence of lower cables,, but later
developed strength, which It retained until the
last hour, influenced by export rumors, bullish
Northwestern crop advices and -covering.
HOlS—Q uiet
HIDES AND WOOL— Firm.
METALS— To-day's local market for metals
was a dull affair, taken as a whole, with price
changes unimportant. From the start buyers
were Inclined to hold aloof, particularly aa con
cerns securing supplies of tin In view of .un
fayoraMe news from abroad and uninteresting
changes at primary home points. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants unchanged, with $15
bid and $I."> 50 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 50.
TlN— Quiet, with $30 75 bid and 530 87% asked.
SPELTER- Dull at $." 65.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 07% bid and $4 62' 3
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 35 and for
co] per SIS CO.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, net un
changed to 5. points lower. Sales, 27.".0 bags, in
cluding September, $4 40; October, $4 45- Novem
ber $4 50; March, $3 50.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio dull and nominal; mild
quiet. • ' jjf. '• ■;■:■-,
SUGAR— firmer; centrifugal, 96 test.
4 9-16e; refined, market firm, good demand.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2776 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 17<S?21c; factory, 13@15%c.
EGGS Receipts, 4009 packages; firm; West
ern ungraded, 12®15c at mark.
CALIFORNIA DKiED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— California dried fruits
quiet. ■•'••■■,
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7Uc;
prime wire tray, B*i@S&c; choice; B%@9c; fancy
■
PR! B%@Sc. . . ■
APRICOTS Royal, !4c: Moorpark, 14516 c.
PEACHES— II@II%c for unpeeled.
.> ■ , *
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK. Auk. IS.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will aay: A somewhat easier
lon of the money market has been re
flected In stock speculation by the prevalence
of a moderately bullish sentiment. The
g has been narrow and professionals are
still mainly responsible for the activity. The
bave Bhown some aggressiveness, par
ticularly in connection with Traction stocks,
while bullish tendencies have been must con
spicuously shown in the low priced railn ad
shares or certain Industrials. London has not
factor, though the financial situation
there has Improved, thr- Bank of England ex
hibiting a good Increase in cash and reserves.
The Berlin money market on the other hand
is undergoing another slight disturbance in
Interest rates, which have advanced sharply
and seem likely to attract g..!d from London
to the German capital. The weakness of the
exchange market" and the favorable character
of the July trade statement tend to keep up
an Idea on the part of Wall street that there
will be an autumnal gold influx this year.
Shipments of specie from Australia to' San
Francisco are occurring from time to time,
but expert opinion Is that comparatively little
gold under present financial and trade condi
tions can be expected from abroad, another
conclusion being that Europe will not deVelop
a demand for our securities. It was noted,
however, that Louisville and Nashville owed
Its rise this week to an Initiative on the part
1 : London and that pome other of the inter
national specialties were bull there.
Irregularity has prevailed in the Industrials
ami specialties. The week began with a break
In American Ftoel and Wire, caused by the
fad thai a synopsis of the statement pre
sented by the company to the Stock Exchange
did not come up to anticipations as to earn-
Ingß, On the other hand, Tennessee Coal de
veloper! great rtri-ngth and rose to 92% on
manipulation, together with relports that back
dividends on the preferred stock are to be ad
just ••! and the common placed on a dhldend
paylng basis. The Tobacco stocks also rose
sharply, American common selling up to 126
and continental Tobacco (common) to 50% on
the statement that the two concerns had ac
quired control of the Buchanan and Lyall
manufactory. Other rather- tentative bull
movements were seen In various Industrial?,
the Steel stocks showing some strength, which,
however, they did not retain. American Smel
ter was higher on the report -that the strike
at its C( lorado establishments had been settled.
Brooklyn Rapid Transit was a feature, break
ing to 108% on the statement that there were
dissensions in the management, that the presi
dent, Mr. Rossi ter, was to resign in conse
quence of the results of his course during the
strike and that the current net earnings were
d<-cld-?dly adverse to any presumptions about
speedy dividends. At the decline support was,
however, forthcoming and the price rallied to
11214. Consolidated Ice, an inactive Industrial,
distinguished itself on Wednesday by making
a 11-point decline, from which It rallied when
support appeared. Sugar was more than
usually irregular, falling from 164 to 156% and
rallying only tc fall off again.
♦ $> i
Bradstrcet's on Trade.
<e> -»>
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— Bradstreet's will say
to-morrow: The trade situation gathers
strength as summer wanes. Reports of ex
panding fall demand arrive, accompanied by
I very cheerful advices as to the outlook in most
j parts of the country- In manufacturing lines
j production appears to be at a maximum and
; the price (situation retains most of ite old
i strength. Notable In the matter of added
strength are most of the cereals and iron and
steel in many forms. The impetus given to '
v.hetj. prices by the Government report last
week has b«en further reinforced by less fa
vorable crop advices from other countries,
notably India, am] export business Is reported
I somewhat improved. Advices as to the com
j crop are still as favorable as ever, some States,
: notably Kansas, reporting phenomenally large
>i.-l is. Judging from numerous reports, the
ecarcity of supplies of iron and teteel is becom
ing increasingly serious, Hupplies of structural
I and shipbuilding material being reported Inade
quate at a number of points. There is an ap
pearance of quiet a.t Eastern markets, not
shared In, however, by Western centers, where
sales are reported large and price advances nu
merous. The question of outlook as to prices
seems to be largely transferred to next year,
and liberal bookings are reported for the first
quarter of 1900, with some Southern engage
ments reported running as far ahead ap au
tumn a vcar frum now. A notable exception to
the general strength to prices is found in raw
| cotton, which has disregarded almost unani
mously reports of crop deterioration and lost
all of lost week's advance uwlng to the Issu
ance of a bearish crop estimate, which from
the present outlook at least seems very heavy
and at the least prematurely issued. The
etrength of the cotton goods market is main
tained, though advances are as yet small.
In woolen goods orders for llgntweight men's
wear gooods continue; heavy and raw wool,
though less active, is no less firm, and high
grades are particularly well held. .-The ad
vance- In boots and shoes Beeme to have been
felt but -little, and the flight gain' in leather
prices . Imparts . a very. firm tone. to hides. Most
staples, aside from those mentioned; are firm
and unchanged on the - week. • Lumber -still re
flects activity in building, and advances at
Western markets are again reported-' Current
railroad earnings show little reflection of the
falling off In the grain movement and make ex
cellent comparisons with preceding years, and
the like is true of net earnings mentioned else
where.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4, 040. nog bushels, against 3,616,
--154 bushels last week, 8.988,348 bushels In the
corresponding week or IS9B. 5,316,803 bushels in
1897. 2,991 633 Clshels in 1596 and 2,389,110 bush
els in 1595.
Since July 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 26,.M5,065 bushels, against 22,343,076
bushels last year and 21,433,344 bushels in
1597-9 S.
Business failures for the- week number 172, as
compared with 156 last week, 195 in this week
a year ago, 221 In 1597. 294. In 1896 and 192 In |
Business failures in. the Dominion of Canada
number 20, as compared with 27 last week, 27
In this week a year ago. 41 In 1597, 30 in .1896
and 27 In ISOS.
« — : *.
4 ; 1 1
;' Dun's Review of Trade..
« . — : 1
« ■ *
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s j
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
The Cramps have discharged many hundred j
hands and ask Russia to extend time for the i
completion of two warships because they can- ]
not Bet the steel. Completion of 21 out of 37
vessels building: In the Delaware Is also affect
ed. It Is a curious experience for this country,
but shows the gigantic expansion of home de
mand. No one can question the fact that pay
ments through the principal clearing houses '
have been in August 55.9 per cent larger than I
I In ISB7 for the month thus far, and outside
New York 23 per cent. No better, test of the
volume of business is' known, but there Is a
growing handicap In the advance of prices.
How long and how far this advance can go
without reaction Is the problem which level
headed business men are studying. Evidences
of checked consumption are rare, but it would ;
be childish to hope that at some point higher
prices would not hinder buying-.
In»iron the question is of steel billets, which
the great consuming companies have . bought
far in advance, so that all new orders have a
narrow market. For six months billets have
j sold at $4 to $6 higher than the rails made from
them. Other demands not covered by contracts
are mainly for various shapes and sizes only
prescribed in contracts. : While prices have
risen 25 cents for Southern pig iron, 60 cents for
Chicago local coke and 75 cents for gray forge
at Pittsburg. rails have advanced $1 per ton
with work covered for all this year, .and 400.000. j
tons or more taken beyond what, can be de-
I levered until next year. : other finished prod
ucts do not change, although the demand at all
points exceeds present capacity. Copper is
steady at 18% c for lake, with production for 1
July 21,333 tons domestic and 7490 tons foreign. j
Tin Is lower at 30% c and lead weakens on the
stoppage of smelter strike.
For wool Coatea Bros.' circular for August 1 I
still holds good, although inside quotations are
more often made. Sales for three weeks have
been 28,299,990 pounds, against 13,996,500 pounds
last year. .38,530.305 pounds In 1897 and 23,365,400
pounds In the same weeks of 1892.
Goods have advanced further, especially In
j cassimeres cheviots and cotton warp cash
, meres, and the tendency Is upward in nearly
all grades. .• . j
Wheat has advanced about a cent during the '
week, with Atlantic • exports only 2.363,802 i
j bushels, flour included, against 3,059,380 bushels !
last year and Pacific exports 961,326' bushels
I against 175,400 bushels last year.
Western receipts have been only 3.212,117 ;
j bushels, against 3,869,229 bushels last year. It '
is a question whether the smaller receipts are 1
due to recent change in crop prospects giving
holders of grain a better outlook. Exports of
wheat In three weeks have been from both i
coasts. Hour included, 9.973.764 bushels, against
10,114,246 bushels las-t year /and the Western '
receipts have been 11,864.696 bushels, against !
9, 015,180 bushels last year. . . !
Failures for. the week have been 156,' against
1. ■■< last year.. and fn Canada 24, against 17 last i
year,
<$ i — ■ ' .A
Bank Clearings.
ft : >
. £■* |
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.— following table,? I
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear- '
ings fat all principal cities for the week ended !
August IS, with the percentage of increase and i
■decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
_. , Percentage
Cities- . Inc. Deo . |
New York $939,619,781 17.0 .. |
Boston 120,007,915 215 '■
Chicago 115,820,906 20.5'
Philadelphia 86,146,353 31 4
St. Louia , 50.053.019 19.0'
Pittsburg ■ 21,071,045 17.5
Baltimore 17,673, €61 16.0 .... !
San Francisco 21.095.001 23 8
Cincinnati 13,628,250 23!8 '.'.'.'. i
Kansas City ■ 12.655,070 ' 20.6 . I
New Orleans 6.791.037 2S 9
Minneapolis 8,686,312 16.8 ....
Detroit • : . !',73s,ri2s 22.1
Cleveland 10,334,000 42.9 '.'..'.
Louisville 6.C53.521 14.2
Providence £.803,700 21.0 '.'.'.'.
Milwaukee ; 6,142,155 19 0
St. Paul ■. 3,936,412 11.7
Buffalo 4.295,039 12.8
Omaha 5,803.761 4.5 '.'.'.'.
Indianapolis 5,490,843 6.3
Columbus, 0 4.240,400 40.8
Savannah 2,144,756 34.1
Denver 3,26J,19S 9.9
Hartford ...'. 2,404,798 26.5 . i
Richmond 2.928,963
Memphis • ■ 1,459,521 19.6 : ....'
Washington 1,900,862 14.5
Peorla 1.815,345 32.7 ....
Rochester 1,951,460 11.8 ....•
New Haven 1,696,909 11.8 .... !
Worcester 1,298,668 39 j
Atlanta 1,184; 240 5.8 ....
Salt Lake City 1.971, 27.8 .. .
Springfield, Mass... ' 1,262.402
Fort Worth 1,637,072 .... IS 5
Portland, Me 1,557,387 15.5
Portland, Or 1,675,980 1.0 .... !
St. Joseph 3,606,959 24.5 ..'.'. I
Los Angeles 1,762,819 57.6 ....
Norfolk 1,076,092 ■ 38.9 ....
Syracuse 953,578 .... !
Dea Moines 1,700.492 27.0 j
Nashville 966,139 ■ 6.1 ....
Wilmington, Del... 1,166.798 45.3 ....
Fall River.... 602.765 .... 16.1
Scranton : 1.154,368 42.6 ....
I Grand Rapids 1,194.038 36.4 ....
I Augusta, Ga 653.2CS 70.3 ....
Lowell 700,640 .... 9 9
Dayton, 0 901,106 32.1
I Seattle :.... 3,050,935 138.5 .'
Tacoina 954.242 75.0
Spokane 1,308.558 67.4 .-.'.'.
Sioux City.....' 716,515 20.3
New Bedford 417.536 .... 4.5
Knoxvllle, Term.... • 456,698 .... ....
Topeka ■ 688,024 23.9
Birmingham £.39, 451 4.4
Wichita 47.1,644 22.9 " .... '
Blnghamton 289,100 .... ' 10.7'
I Lexington. Ky 304,691 81. 3 •
! Jacksonville, Fla... 266,963 27.2 .... •
Kalamazoo 734.642 13.9 ....■
Akron 441.000 37.6
Chattanooga 2h0.;i67 13 4
Rockford, 111 ' 251,139 46.7 ....
Canton, 0 270,316 35.6 ....
Springfield, 0 , 223 055 42 9
Fargo, N. D 240,614 .... ....
Sioux Falls. S. D... 152,391 153.3 ' ....
Hastings, Neb...... 123, TS7 89.2 ....
Fremont, Neb 133.042 64.2 ....
Davenport 802.462 32.6 ....
Toledo 242 332 53. 8
Galveston 4,728.300 .... '....
Houston 4.725.345 7.7 ....
Youngstown, 0 226, 4.0
Evansville 829.120 35.6 . ..
Helena 800,766 12.3 ....
Macon 421,000 15.6 ....
Springfield, 111 360,606 25.8 ■ ....
Little Rock: 259,5*0
Totals. U. S $1,614,135,513 19.3 ....
Totals outside New
. York 574,615,732 23.2 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,165,212 27.5
Toronto 5.219.254 9.6 " ....
Winnipeg 1.744.76s 9.9
Halifax .' 1.357,566 8.9 ....
Hamilton • 671, 056 14.8
St. John, N. B 657.870 .... 4.C
Victoria 711,975 .
Vancouver 882,802 ....' ....
Totals $26,815,786 13.0 7777 I
•— * ■
I - -->;, 1 I
Chicago Grain Market.
« 1
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— Liverpool, always an
influence on local wheat trading, showed an !
opening decline of v;d, which was unlooked for j
after yesterday. s advance here, and had the re- 1
suit of depressing prices about He at the open- i
Ing, September starting at 71Vg@71.Vic. The sell- I
Ing pressure, however, came almost entirely I
from small speculators and was of a local na- |
ture. It was not heavy enough to long depress |
prices, and soon after the opening the market
be«an to rise and lor the remainder of the ses
sion showed considerable firmness. Reports of
a big cash business done yesterday, industri
ously denied by the bear crowd, were confirmed
to-day and the Influence of the cash demand
was augmented by further heavy bids to-day.
The actr.a! amount of business done could not
be ascertained, as shippers would not give out
their transaction* until freight rates had been
secured, but rumors of large quantities worked I
were so thick that they had a marked effect
on speculation. Heavy rains were reported in
the Northwest, and apprehension of wheat
sprouting and being otherwise damaged in
creased the demand. Another and more bullish
feature of the Northwest news was the con
tinued disappointing thrashing reports, which
strengthened the belief that recent crop esti
mates were too large. St. Louis and local
shorts bought heavily at times and this bulled
the market, bringing the smaller fry to cover.
September advanced to 72c. well above calls
but realizing sent it to 71%@71?ie, where it
closed, an advance of sfce over yesterday.
Corn was firm for September, barely steady
for later months and dull for all. It was
mostly a scalpers' market. September closed
KOfte higher.
Oats showed more activity than usual. It fol
lowed wheat In the main, but there was con
siderable selling at the opening. September
closed a shade higher.
Provisions were selling with a somewhat
broader market, prices advancing all round.
A good consumption demand was reported by
packers, and this was the basis of the specu
lative strength. Lack of offerings was a fea
ture. At the close September pork was uc
higher, lard 2%c higher and ribs 2%@6c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follow:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 Spring: Wheat. 69@71%0; No. 2 Red,
73'ic; No. 2 Corn, 33c; No. 2- Oats, 21@22c: No.
2 White. 23@24c; No. 3 White. 22@25 ,4c; No. 2
Rye, IS'ic; No. 2 Barley, 34@39c; No. 1 Flax
seed, $104; Prime Timothy Seed, ■$2 50@2 55 ;
Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 6008 30; Lard, per 100
lbs, 12@5 25; Short-rib Sides (loose), $4 So®.
5 20; • Dry -Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5% ft ."".,.■;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $6 50©5 60; Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. 'Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 19,000 60,000
Corn, bushels 261,000 428,000
Oats, bushels 600,000 315,000
Rye bushels.... 4,000 1,000
Darfey, bushels 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, IS® 2oc; dairy, 13®
17c. Cheese, firm; fresh, '9%@ 10c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12% c ■ .
«■ »
I - •
Foreign Futures.
4 »
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. • • Mar.
Opening ....... 6 10& 6 00H
Closing...* 5 KM 5 11% '
PARIS.
Wheat— ' Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ........;... 19 63 23 50
Closing I 9 60' 20 60
Flour— ~ H .. -
Opening ;.. 42 95 '•' 27 65
Closing ..... 42 90 27 60
<S , »
California Fruit Sales.
■ «>— _ . — Q>
The Earl Fruit Company sold California- fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following
prices:
BOSTON", Aug. 18.— Grapes— Tokays, $1 10@
2 30, average $2 10. Peaches— Early ; Crawford,
boxes, 60c(g$l 25, average 89c; Late Crawford,
60c<§.$115, average 88c; Susquehanna, 35c@$l 20,
average 65c. Pears — Bartletts, boxes, $1 65@
2 50, average $2 15; Yellow Cling, 65c.. Plums —
Kelsey, single crates, 95c@$l 10, average $107;
Yellow Egg, 40c@$l 15, average f>7c. Prunes—
Oros, single crates, $1 15@1 40, average $127;
Italian, $1 30: pl 46, Fourteen cars sold to-day.
LONDON, Aug. ' 18.— Peaches— Twin Sisters,
boxes average $2 40; Susquehanna, average
$1 68. Plums— Golden Drop, single crates, aver
age $1 92. Prunes— Gros, average SI 92. Pears —
Bartletts, two-fifths boxes, $1 66fgl 92, average
$1 ES; Buerre Hardy, $1 2001 32, average $1 28;
Clafrgeau, t'6c@Sl 01, average $1.
' PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 18.—Peaches—Sus
quehanna, boxes, 65<S?S0c, average". 74c; Yellow
Cling; 75(g95c, average 87c. Pears — Bartletts,
boxes, average $2. Prunes — German, single
crates, average $1 15.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— Grapes— Muscat, single
crates, average $1 44; Tokay, average $1 66;
Thompson's Seedless, average $1 45; Malaga,
average $1 69. Peaches — Early Crawford,
boxes, 56© 65 c: Foster, 62c; Late Crawford,
average 70c; Orange Cling, average Ssc; Sus
quehanna, 67c. Prunes — single crates,
average $1 33. — Bartletts, boxes, $1 77@
2 10, average $2 02. Fourteen cars sold to-day.
NEW TORK, Aug. IS.— Grapes— single
crates, average $1 75; Malaga,- average $1 45.
Peaches — Early Crawford, ' so@7oc, average 65c;
Late Crawford, 60c9U 10, average 71c; Brandy
wine, average 85c; Orange Cling, 60e@$l, aver
age 66c; Susquehanna, 40@75c, average 51c;
Elberta, Boc@sl 10, average S2c. Pears—
letts, boxes, $1 6501 25, average $2 24. Plums—
Single crates. Yellow Egg, 65@80c, average~3c;
Kelsey, 55<g90c. average • 68c. Prunes — Colum
bias, single crates, 65@S5c, average 6Sc; Ger
man, average $1 35; Gros, 75c<n$i 3.", average
$1 15; Hungarian, average $1 05; Italian, $1 ID©
I 35, average $1 26; Silver, 66c#tl 10, average
70c. Twenty-two cars sold to-day. .
MONTREAL, Aug. 18.— Pears — Bartletts,
boxes, $1 40 2 10. average $1 73, Plums— Kelsey,
single crates,' $1 17.
NEW YORK, Aug. Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
letts, $1 6003 30 a box and Ss@9oc a half ' box.
Plums— Bradshaw, ■ 60c a crate; Grand Duke,
$1 30; Chalot, 60c; Kelseys, SOc a box and 55c@
$1 45 a crate. Prunes Silver, 60c@Sl a crate;
Qros, 90c@Sl 26; Fellenberg, 85c© fl 50; Italian,
$1 25@1 30; Hungarian. 70c@S2 75. : Peaches—
Crawfords, 40e@Sl a box; Muir, 43@60c; Elber
ta, 55@8Sc; Late Crawfords, 40c<g'$l 05; Susque
hanna, 75c; McKevitts, 75c; Mitchell i c;
Lemon Clings, 65c-, Clings, 65c@$l; McDevitts,
75@90c; Albrights, 70@90c; Corinna, 55c; Orange
Cling, 65@96c; Tuscan, 50c@$l. Nectarines— SOc
crate. Grapes — Tokays, $1 25@1 85 crate; Mus
cats. $1 05 a crate. Twenty-three cars Bold
CHICAGO. Aug. 18.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
II 2.VQ2 15 a box and ROc a half box. Peaches—
Crawfords, 65c a box; Susquehanna, 65@70c;
Late Crawfords, 60@65c; Tuscan, 65c a box and
85c a crate; Fosters, 55c; Mary's choice, 45 g70c
a box and 95c a crate; Elbertas, 70(g'75c a box;
Lemon Cling, BOc; Orange Cling,' 65c a- box.
Plums Columbia, 45(J?90c a crate; Egg, 6sC@fl;
Japan, 85c; Yellow Egg, Soc@sl; Quackenboss,,
$1 50; Gages, 70c. -Grapes— Tokays, J2 25 a crate;
Muscats, $1 50 a crate. Prunes— $2 25*5!
1 20 a crate; Fellenberg, $1 40; . Germans, $1®
1 50; Silver, 75c; Bulgarian, $1 0501 10 a crate.
Fourteen cars sold to-day.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 18.— CATTLE— There ' was
not many choice cattle offering to-day, and
such lots were steady, but ordinary cattle were
dull and rather weak. Good to choice beeves
sold at $5 60®6 25, commoner grades bringing
$3 50@5 65; stockers and feeders, $3 55@3 95;
bull*, cows and heifers. $2@5 15; Texas steers
$3 76#5 30; calves, $4 60©7, ,
HOGS— Were in lively demand.again, and of
ferings were light. Prices advanced s®loc
Heavy hogs. $4 20@J 90; mixed' lots, $4 45f?r4 90
--light. $4 5504 90; pigs, $3 "Eo@4 SO; culls $2@4 I".'
SHEEP— demand for sheep - and lambs
was more animated, and prices were- steady.
Sheep, $2-g"4 25: yearlings, $4-0:4 50,' and range
sheep, $3 Wai 10; lambs, $6 75 for prime; com
moner lots, $3 50@5 75.
Receipts— Cattle. 3000; hogs, 17,000; sheep
7000. .- - - • .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 18.— Clearings, $272.
--623; balances, $49,916.
Northern heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Of.. Aug. IS.— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 67%@58c: valley. 59'g59y£c; bluestem, 60®
61c.
' . . ' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. IS.— Wheat Is dull and prices
are without change at 67c for club and 60c for
It lues tern
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. 18.— Consols, 1064; silver,
27 11-lCd; French rentes, lOOf 7%c; wheat car
goes off coast, little doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 7*£ d; English
country markets,' firm.
LIVERPOOL, Aug.. IS.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s ld(3"6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
rainy. . v :.?--■■
COTTON— 3 7-16 d. V
.'; - CLOSING. .-,:■
WHEAT— Snot, No. 2 red Western, dull, 6s
9%d; No. 1 California, 6s ld®6s 2d; No. 1 red
Northern spring, dull. 6s Id. Futures, weak;
September, 5s l04d: December, 5s ll%d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed, steady, 3s 4d.
Futures, quiet. ,
♦ . ' ■ ' — — *
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling: Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 S4
Sterling Exchange, Bight :" — 4 87>i
Sterling Cables — 4 S8«I
New -York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1214
Mexican Dollars 4914 ; 50-
Fine Silver, per 1 ounce.. — 6014
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— '■ Hyderabad takes for Antwerp
28,080 ctls, valued at $29,084. -_
Chicago opened higher, but fell back, lower
cables being a damper on the market, though
a marked decline was not thought probable As
the session went ;on the feeling steadied again
under a good shipping demand. Holders were
firm, but speculation was quiet. There were
850,000 bushels taken for export on Thursday
and a decline • after this : activity was but nat
ural. There were seven > cars off tha • English
coast, against : nine ■ on the preceding- j day. A
special from ■ St. Petersburg reported crops In
Southwestern Russia badly damaged by
drought. V '•" 1 .- *t" ,
Spot prices advanced a fraction, with a good
shipping demand:
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $10C@106i4; milling.
$107%@110. \ • .
CALL BOARD SALES.
* Informal . Session— 9:ls o'clock — —
2000 ctls. • $11314; 8000, $113U: 35.000. $113%; 10,
--000, $113%. May— (118%; «000. $118%.
Second Session— December— l4,ooo ctls, $113%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 11%. December— 4ooo, . $1 13%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $118; 2000,
$117%. December— Sooo, $113%: 6000, $113%.
BARLEY— Shipment of £3,606 ctls, valued at
$59,065, to Antwerp.: .
There is nothing doing in futures, but -the
spot market is held - with more steadiness,
though the demand continues slack. Offerings
are ample as far as dark grades are concerned,
but choice bright goods are in moderate supply.
Feed. ?o@Bsc; Brewing, 90't Me ; Chevalier,
$1 15@1 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market continues dull at un
changed prices. •-■--■;-■
White, $1 2601 35;' Red, $1 10@l 15 per ctl;
Black, 90c@$l. „_
Offerings on the tables of the Pro
duce Exchange are small at the moment, and
varieties are limited to two or three kinds,
but the market continues dull. Eastern targe
Yellow, $107%; White, $1 07%;' m.ixed, $105©
107% per ctl.
RYE— 9o<&92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstufrs.
The China steamer took out 14.230 barrels of
Flour.
FlX>Uß— California family' extras, $3 60©3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
1 and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl tor extra,
j $3 25Q3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, IS 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2"' / 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and stuffs.
. Prices for everything under this head remain
unchanged. The Hay market continues de
pressed under heavy receipts, and the medium
grades of wheat are especially weak. Alfalfa.
continues relatively higher than the other
! kinds. ' ' ; . - :
BRAN— SIS 50@517 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
F.EEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 50 per tori:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing
$28 50(@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$H,. (16 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton. ;
HAY— Wheat, $6 f.O'fiS 60 for common to good j
and $3 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@9: Oat, !
SUMS; Barley. $5@7: Island Barley, $i 50f1r)5 50;
Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed Wheat, I
$9(5 10.
STRAW- per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The only, thing new in * Beans Is ' the arrival
lof new Pea and Blackeye from the river. The
! market continues very dull.
BEANS— Bayos, %1 70@l SO; Small White. $2 05
@2 15; Large White, $1 60@l 65; Pinks, $2 15@
2 25; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 15@4 25; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4 ID'S 4 15; Pea, $2 15@
2 35; Red Kidneys, $2@2 25 per ctl.
I SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2%@3c; Yellow Mus- |
j tard, nominal; Flax, •$1 Mis, 2 10: Canary Seed, j
2%@3c per lb for California and 3i&c for East- 1
I em; Alfalfa, BV(ts9ttc; Rape, 3c;- Hemp, 4@ 1
I 4V-c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 50; Green, $150
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are weak at unchanged prices.
Onions continue to Improve slightly.
Tomatoes are doing better again, and are !
I selling well at the advance. Other, Vegetables
, stand about the same.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 90c(351; Early
i Rose. 75c®$l: Burba r. • 75c<??$l per ctl: Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 2".£1 50; Sweet Potatoes,
2c per lb: . •
j ONlONS— Ssc<gsl per ctl for Sllverskins;
I Pickle Onions, 75c per ctl. ■ ■'"•. -
■ VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l%«J2c per lb;
String Beans, l@2c; Lima Beans, 2%@3c; Cab
' bage, 50@60c; River Tomatoes, ■ 40<g60c ; Egg
. Plant. 355500; Green. Okra, 40<??65c per box; Gar- i
lie, 2@3c: Green Peppers, 35@40c for Chili and |
I 40@50c per box for Bell; Carrots, 30@40c per 1
■ sack; Bay Cucumbers, 20@25c; Pickles, 60c for i
: No. 1 and 40c per box for No. 2; Summer
Squash, 20 - a2ser Marrowfat Squash,' sls per ton; j
Green Corn, 25®$1 ■ per sack.; $I@l 25 per crate
for Alameda and 50ig60c for Berkeley. . ' ■  ;
Poultry and Game.
Doves continue weak and In heavy supply. !
Poultry is rather firmer under lighter stocks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gob
blers' and ll@l3c for Hens; Young Turkeys.
15@17c; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings,
$150(^2; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and .$3 50@5
for young: Hens, $3 50® 5; young Roosters. $S@ j
6; old Roosters, $4®4 50;. Fryers. $4@4 60; Broil
ers,. ?3<&3 50 for large, $2 50© 3 for small:
Pigeons $1 50@i "5 per dozen for old and $1 75
@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves DOc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Eggs rule firm, and occasional sales at an ad
vance are reported. - Butter is dragging a little.
Cheese is firm at the advance already noted.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23%@24c; sec
onds, 22<g'23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22c; good to choice, 20(g'21c;
store. 17!filSc^per lb.
Pickled" roll, 19@21c;" firkin, 16@18c; creamery,
tub. 2O@2IV&C per lh. ■ V
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10^c; old 10c;
Young America, 10%@llc; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 18®2Oc for store and 22%
@25c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18%@20c
for selected, l«€l7c for No. 1 and 14&16o for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Tears are passing out of the glut and are
doing better again. Peaches show no Improve
ment whatever, and clings are still selling very
sluggishly at $6016 per ton. Plums are also
dull and abundant. Fine Apples are higher
again. Grapes are in liberal supply and slow
of sale. Melons continue plentiful and dull.
The demand for Figs is light.
Oranges are about out, and are no longer
worth a quotation. ■ .■ ; -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 2557 50c per box for common and 60c<3
$1 15 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $2 75@4 per chest;
Strawberries, $608 per chest for small and $2®4
for larcje berries; Raspberries, $3 50@5 per
chest: Huckleberries, 6@7c per lb.
Grapes 26@60c per box and crate for Fon
tainpble.au, 25@60c for black, 50@75c for Mus
cat S'W.'Oe for Tokay and 401j60c for Seedless.
Watermelons, $2 50® 15 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 50c@$l per crate; Nutmegs, 25® •
60c per box.
Pears — 25®40c per box. according to size:
Bartletts, 75c@$l 25 per box for green and 10®
35c for ripe; in bulk, $10<g85 per ton.
Nectarines, 50c per box for white and 60®65c
for red.
Fins. 50@$l per box for double layers of
small black and 25@50c for large purple. ■-:".".- , v -
Peaches. 25@60c per box and 10@35c per bas
ket: in bulk. $5@15 per ton for all kinds.
Plums, 20@40c per- box; Prunes, 35®70c per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $10®15 per
ton.
Quinces. 60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I®l 50 for com
mon and $1 75®3 for good to choice ; Mexican ;
Limes. $3uO©4; California Limes, per
small box; Bananas, • $16002 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1(52 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes are reported dull, though the East
ern markets are in better shape than they have
been. . Nectarines are higher. Peaches are
steady for late deliveries, but rather easier on j
the spot. Prices for new Pears are established,
as will be seen below. Apricots have again
advanced. Apples are slightly lower.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6i-ic for
40-50' s, 5c for 50-60' s. 4c for 60-70' s. 3%@3%c for
70-80' S, 2%©S>4c for SO-90's, 2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 20214 c for 100-110' s.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks, 61.4 c for 4P-r.o's. swr.'ic for r.O-60's. 4Jj)
4V>c per lb for CQ-70'sf 3%c for 70-80" a 3@31.4c
for 80-PO's and 2%@2%c for 90-100*8; Apricots I
I lie for Royals, 12',4@15c for Moorparks;
Peaches, G<g«%c for Standards and 7@7i4c tor
'■ choice; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7c; Sun'-*lried
(05c per lb; Nectarines, 7@7%c per lb; Pears,
7 1 I .£c for quarters.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%C for four-crown, 4i<.(S6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $120
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c
• NUTS— Walnuts. 5498 c for hardshell 10J?llc
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds
new crop, 7%c for Languedoc and 9Uc for pa
per-shell; peanuts, 5%@G->ic for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, B%@9c; Filberts, ll«ll' 2 c; Pecans. 7U<i(!
8c; Cocoanuts« $4 5006.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and lOMrc for
light amber; water white extracted, 714@7w.cj
light . amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c
per lb. • , ■
BEESWAX— 24®26c ; per lb.
Provisions.
There Is still a fair demand for Hams, but
Bacon Is neglected. Barreled goods are firm
under j Government orders for Manila.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy, 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light.
12>ic for extra light and 13c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; ' Califor-
I nia Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; ex
tra" Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; ex
tra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess.
$15@15 60; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5V£(S5%c per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; haft-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins, B'ic; 5-lb tins. 8%c.
--'COTTOLENE—Tierces. 6%@7%c per lb.
■ Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c:
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. Gc; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c;- culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal, lCc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool. Ss@6oc each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
•90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt.' $202 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25ig50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Uc per lb; No.
2, :.liV 2 c; refined, ; grease. 2@2%6.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months, iff lie: San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective. 809e; Valley Oregon. 17®18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall clip— San Joaquln- Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 708 c; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7V-@9c.
HOPS— I&SS crop. 15@17%c per lb; 1899 crop,
12%@13c bid and refused.
General Merchandise.
' BAGS— Steady. Calcutta Grain Bags, 7\be{
Wool Bags, 26028 c; Fruit Bags, 5%,e, 5%0
and fie for the three grades of white and ~ r x nO
for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, 58: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
--56: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, 17 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
In Racks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel. ' $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been the following deliveries of
coal,' Viz., seven from Washington. 14,341 tons;
four from British Columbia, 14,182 .tons; two
from Oregon, 1150 tons; three from Australia,
7073 tons: total, 36,746 tons. We have had lib
eral arrivals this week, still the accumulations
lin yard are not noticeable; in fact, s in some
yards there 'is not a week's supply on hand.
The coal is procurable, but the carriers are "not
to be had, as sailors and steamers cannot be
chartered; they have been diverted to other
lines of business, more profitable than coal
transportation. The total amount cf foreign
coal that can possibly arrive within the next
j thirty days will not foot up 25.000 tons, equal
I to about six days' consumption; this is exclu
sive of British Columbia j products.' which
might be classed as foreign.. This emphatically
demonstrates how entirely we are at the mercy
.of the coast colleries for a fuel supply. In
other words, they control this market, for fully
75 per cent of the fuel necessary. In this age
of syndicates' and combines; where the inter
j ests of ' the 'dear public' are ruthlessly sacri
ficed for the advantage of the few, it is gratify
ing- to make reference to an opening which' is
not availed of.. The coast coal managers num
ber about five, who can make the price -of coals
whatever they may elect, as 90 per cent of our
fuel comes through them, yet they show no dis
position to show their power."
RlCE— China mixed. $3 70@3 75; China No. 1.
$4 60@4 90; extra do, $505 35: Ha.waiian, $5 75;
! Japan, $4 12%@4 7.",; Louisiana, 9506.
■ SUGAR— Western Sugar Kenning Com-
I pany quotes, terras net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed, s?kc;
Powdered, S^c; Candy Granulated, sV*c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, 4%c; Magnolia A. 4?4c; Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more"; half barrels,
--%c more; boxes, lie more; 50-Ib bags. He more.
No order, taken for less than 75 barrels or .Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. 5%c;" boxes,
6i,ie ncr lb.
LEAD— White Lead Is higher nt 6i4!5j7c and
Red Lead and Litharge at 6^(370 perlb. Ac
• cording to quantity.
I CODFISH— The Alaska. Codfish Company an
! nounces the following prices: Bundles, 4%c per.
I lb: cases, selected, 5*160: boneless, 6c: selected
I boneless. 6Vi; strips, 7@Bc; middles, • 709 c
; bricks, 6*i7%c; blocks, 7c; tablets, Sc; extra
! new Pickled Cod barrels; each $3; extra new
Pickled Cod, halt-barrels, $5. •■■;'.-■■-
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no change to note In any descrip
tion.
I Wholesale rates' from slaughterers to dealers:-
BEEF— 7<Q7%c per lb for Steers and G%@7C for
i Cows.
* VEAL— B%@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%08c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, B%@9c per lb.
PORK— Live hop. 5%©5% c for small, 6c for
medium, and 5)(05% for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5'. 2 c; dressed Hogs, 708% Cv
Receipts of Produce. ■
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST IS. ; '
: Flour, qr sks 6,331 1 Sugar, sks 1,675
: Wheat, ctls .;.... 10.225 , Sugar, bbls .. 25
Barley, ctls 52.372; Chicory, bb15...... 2-i
j Oats.- ctls L73OjKjrErs. doz 10 FRO
Rye, .ctls 775 Pelts, bells 375
Cheese, ctls C,2 Quicksilver., flsks ■ 2.1
Butter, ctls 135 Hides n0....- . 462
Tallow, ctls 247 Hay. tons 964
Beans, sks — .... 115, Straw, tons 4
Potatoes, 5k5..... l,4 c Wool, bags 6!i
I Onions, sks 1,17.", j Leather, r0115...'. SB
! Bran, sks Wine, gals 42 700
Middlings, sks.... 200 j Raisins, bx5...... 470
Shorts, sks 35." 1 ■ •
OREGON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 6,241 Bran, sks 2,054
9 , _ • »
Family T^eiail Market.
1
c- — — — a
Eggs and Cheese are dearer this week. But
ter remains unchanged.
Fruits and Vegetables have been In enormous
supply during the past ten days, and large
quantities have been dumped into the bay and
sent off in swill carts to clear the stores and
wharves.' It is the same every year at this
time, , when everything seems to get ripe at
once, ■ but owlne to the cold foggy weather,
which has restricted the usual demand, the
situation is worse this year than. usual. 'Con
ditions will probably Improve, next week, for the
annual summer glut does not. usually last over
a fortnight at the longest.
Poultry continues in liberal supply and cheap.
Meats are about the same as last week, though
Mutton and Lamb are higher in the whole
sale markets.
The following la The Call's regular weekly
price list: ;---.. :
Coal, per ton —
Cannel % @10 00 Castle Gate. ..s9 00®
Wellington .. @10 00 Southfield
New Welling- . Wellington &9 50
ton @10 00 Coos Bay — <<t> 700
Seattle 8 00® 1 " ™
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, fancy, per Common Eg-gs 20@22
Square 45^50 Ranch Eggs, per ■
Do. per roll 45©- dozen 27(g>30
Do. good 40#- Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal —015 pound „.;. 12^15
Cheese, Eastern.. 17Ca Do, extracted... — 4*lo
Cheese, Swiss 20®25
Meats, per —
Bacon 120171 Pork, fre5h... .....15©20
Beef, choice IS<T2O Pork, Halt 12@15
Do, good ....:... 10@15 Pork Chops 15018
Corned Beef.. —@10 Round Steak 10@13
Ham, Cal ->Vi;, Sirloin Steak 15@—
Do, Eastern... 17V'— I Porterhouse, d 0..20025. .20025
Lard 12<S'15| Smoked Beef 12#15
Mutton in'!! 15 Pork Sausages.. 12' 2 @20
Lamb 1201SiVeaI 15@20
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50@65 1 Turkeys, per 1b...15<520
Young Roosters. Ducks, each 50§65
each 50@65 Geese, each...sl 25@1 50
Old Roosters. ,-' I Pigeons, pair 40@50
each ..50@60 Rabbits, pair — «40
Fryers, each — @50 Hare, each 15@20
Broilers, each ...35@40 Doves, pr doz "s';jsl
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15'ff2') I Pears, per lb 4® 5
Apples 4fi 6 Peaches, per lb.. 4® g
Bananas, doz 20025 Plums, per lb 4@ 5
Blackberries, per Raising, lb s^lo
drawer 25©30 Nectarines, per lb 4@ 6
Cantaloupes, ea.. s(ffls Raspberries, per
Nutmeg Melons.. 5010 drawer 30@40
Figs, per lb 6@ 8 Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb 4© «| drawer 25'j?50
Huckleberries, lb.lo©— Walnuts, lb 12015
Lemons, doz 15@20 Watermelons, ea.10@25
Limes, per doz. 10'u i-
Vegetables
Artichokes, d0z... 25«?50 .Lentils, lb 63 8
Beets, doz 12®16 Lettuce, doz 15:3-
Beans, white, lb.. 4'q! 5 Onions, lb ztft 3
Colored, lb 4® 5 Peppers, green, lb 6&—
Lima, lb 60- Potatoes, 1b:...... j^Ts
Cabbage, each ... 5»10 Sweet Potatoes.... 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Parsnips, doz.v j. r ,&)—
Celery. bunch 50— Radishes, dz behslOffli.2
Cucumbers, per _ Sage, doz ■bch5...25®35
dozen 10fJ— String Beans, lb t'a 5
Cress, doz bnchs.2.i«3r, Summer Squash
Egg Plant, per lb 6@ 8 per 1b... ....... '4® 5
Green Corn, per Thyme, 1b... ' 2011-30
dozen ltv??30 Turnips doz "io&It
Green Okra, pr lb G^— Tomatoes, lb '"mj
Green Peas. 1b.... 4© 5 . V-* wo
Fish. per lb—
Barracuda .". 12®— ' Shad .. TV3>_
Carp ..10#12 Sea Bass-.' rwZ
Codfish 12©15 Smelts .. _«-_
Flounders i(vr, 12 Soles V.'.'12«15
Halibut 150- skates, each " '. '. '. 's&-
Kmgflsh — ®12 Tomcod 15S-I
Mackerel .......... 15@— Clams, gal 50$-
Do Horse — @_ Do, hardshell. 100.40050
Perch 10@15 Crabs, each..... 10015
C on R ? ) — @— Do. softshell, doz.2s(fi-35
Rockiish 15®- Musels, qt.........10<g:i2
Salmon, smoked.. 2os— Oysters, Cal, 100..40©50
Salmon, fresh. . . if, Do, Eastern d0z.25@40
Shrimps S@lo ■:-;' -:.:.>.
■ ♦ —
«; . *
THE STOCK MARKET.
« — : : — *
There was a fair business in securities on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange, but
fluctuations were few. Hawaiian Commercial
sold up to $103 and Mutual Electric was lower
at $15 75. _.-' - -
In the afternoon Paauhau declined to $39 and
Hutchlnson to $32 50. ■
Mining stocks. were generally weak and dull.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30
Continued on Page Thirteen,I OF THE. I I
V I BAY CITIES//
THE FERRYBOAT
ALAMEDA FILLS
A SINK HOLE
End of a Pioneer Bay
Steamer.
-ROTECTS NARROW GAUGE
VAS AFLOAT NEARLY A THIRD
OF A CENTURY.
filled With Rock She Will Finally
Rot Away in the Ooze of
San Leandro
Bay.
ALA MED A, Aug. IS.— The hull of the old
erryboat Alameda has been towed into
•an Leandro Bay, where it will bo used
s a dam for the purpose of checking the
!ow of water into the slough in the re
lon of the dangerous ".sink" on the nar
t'"\v pause road.
Kngineer Curtis of th.< Southern Pacific '
lompany i^ of the opinion thai the miry I
ondition of the road! Ed in that vicinity
s due to an undercurrent caused by the
•v of water in a slough running parallel
vith the railroad t track, just beyond the
; an Leandro dray bridge. The Alan
vill be put crossv ise at the mouth of the
lough and tilled with rock and sunk, after
vhii-h mud will be pumped In back of the
iid hulk, with ;he hope of strengthening
he roadbed aiid preventing further trou
• le.
The Alamela was built over thirty year?
go by the \ite A. A. Cohen, and was Used
is a ferryboat in connection with his rail
oad. She plied between what Is known
is the old Alameda wharf on this side of
he bay and the old ferryboat landing in I
: an Francisco. "With the sale of the Co
":en road the Alameda passed Into the i
lantld of the Central Pacific Railroad
>impany, and for a number of years con
inued in the ferry service, until increased
traffic demanded a larger boat, arid the
Dnkland was built to take her "lace. After
this the Alameda was put on the creek
mute iind usc-d as a freight boat. Captain
J. K. Brown, reiired, of 2230 Santa Clara
ft ♦ • ♦ • ♦-«>-♦-♦ -♦-**-♦• • *.*.«.
RICH HEALER DOWiE, HIS WiFE AND FAMILY.
avenue was captain on the Alameda for ]
several years. Twenty-three years ago j '
during a* heavy fog she collided with the ■
old El Capitan, and although the latter |
was sunk fortunately not a life was lost, j
]n 1596 th" Alameda was condemned and I
anchored near the railroad yards at West ]
Oakland, until yesterday, when she was
taken to San Leandro Bay.
_ . «> .
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Aug. • Florence Kelly.
commenced suit to-day a?oii:si Janvf F.
Kelly for a divorce. The compl-iint pre
pared by Attorney Andrew P. Maffuire
alleges cruelty and failure to provide as
the "grounds for the wife's cause of
Thirty soldiers of the returned Penn
sylvania regiment were entertained at a
banquet given by Police Officer Phillips
K;-dav at the Louisville Restaurant; and
Incidentally Councilman Girarci presentee
.the soldiers with choice e!«?ars.
' In the dl ■on suit of ICugene Grame
spacher against Mary A. Grarncspacher,
Jud?e Greene to-<3ay ordered that plain
tiff •ny defendant $50 counsel fets. .fi.
costs and $20 monthly alimony pending
the suit; Plaintiff is. moreover, re-
I strained from disposing of or lncumberins
liis property.
Edward Hill « r as convicted 10-day by
a jury in Judge Ellsworth's court of
grand larceny in having relieved .J. A.
Allen of an Francisco of a valuable dia
mond shirt Stud at a picnic held at Shell
Mound Park on May 30 last.S Sentence
will lie pronounced next Thurwlay.
Niciaus D. Buhsen h;*s beer, cited to ap
pear before Judge Opden next Monday
rnorning to show cause why ne anoii <i
noi br- punished for contempt of court for
failing and neglecting to obey the decree
and order of court given on January o.
' IS9I directing him to pay certain coun
sel fees nnd alimony t«i his former wife,
VH? I 0.-t • '■ 1!.
KUD< ' >J X! 1 '"""
hom
son Voids 0 i
, v ,,,..-. ■ iwnwnl
hv the prop* ■ was tn.r.sf erred l "
Son on \ he" condition that .the; lat
ter build tnerecn a bouse and tl c. s -
cure a sz^» loan on the place.* ', h '' I l "'','
fesiß ehesoost of eonsinictlon of ' build
ng was to have been paid plain. iff. but
Sndtmt has failed to pay over the sur-
DIUSJ
■ ♦ •
Berkeley News Notes
MSSSSfNdson.; who Ml W^"?*
Wednesday afternoon In Erlandsen h
hardware* atore on Shatiuek avenue, was
held to-day from his lat« • r?^ r ?% on
Parker street The Rev. H. Hillaril of the
F^tPrclbyteri'm Church OfflCiated Thn
pall-bearera were D. H. Fryo A. H-* l *'
Clellan William Mclntosb and C. A. C .mi.
News' lias been received of the marriage
of Miss Louise- Lloyd and Walter Herbfirt
Hugh-, in Honolulu Th. ■ hridois he
daughter of Marshal Richard Lloyd.
The Berkeley volunteers and Bremen
who? are to take part in th» parade to
v.c lcotie horn, the California boys from
Manila met at the Columbia nrehouse last
right to complete arrangements for their
part in the procession. '":'.
(^BCLAEO)
HEALER DOWIE
NOW RICH ON
OAKLAND GOLD
Sends Out Circulars
Asking More.
NO RESPONSE YET MADE
CHICAGO RECORDS SHOW HE IS
NOT STARVING.
Money From Sale of Photographs,
Donations, Subscriptions and Col
lections Were Taken to Lay
Zion's Foundation.
Oakland Office San Francisco <"all,
Broadway, Aug. 18.
Photographs of his family sold tot 25
ents apiece and generous collections
at the First Presbyterian Church
several years ;:p" formed the nucleus of
■ fortune which John Ales ai l» r
T>. .-.\ ;. . the faith healer, now controls In
Chicago.
l '•■■.\ le created a bi nsation h< re li
bj opening a "divine" healing mission In
ihis city, with an office attachment, where
patients paid fiom (1 i » $10 per visit, ,u-
cording to their means. His private prac
tice In Oakland assumed large proportions
• claimed to have restored the sight
of a Mind girl and to have caused a deal
to hear, but iho names and address
es of these lucky parties could never be
ivered. When he came to ibis city
he represented that he was going u> start
a garden of Eden, where the sick would
b< healed, the blind mark- to see ai I
where the tire? would be kindled by the
crutches discarded by his guests. Liberal
subscriptions were Becured to carry out
this project, and with a certain class of
enthusiasts Dowie was in great favor.
The "divine" healer made a hit at the
start by securing the Firs; Presbyterian
• h, as this move gave him a st I d
■: >. in the community at once. The pastor
of the church was absent at the time and
Dowie'B methods were not known to the
trustees until they saw his operations.
Then there was much indignation ex
pressed' and the healer was forced to
leave in.' building. He then procured
Hamilton Hall and held a meeting every
night, telling of the miraculous cures he
had effected.
At last the Oakland newspapers liber
ally roasted Mr. Dowie. at which the "di
vine" healer became pugilistic. He threat
ened to use his lists on the men who had
written the truth concerning his opera
tions, but when an opportunity offered
the alleged holy man "took water."
Th*- healer was requested to explain
what he did with the big collections, the
generous subscriptions and the liberal fees
paid to 'him, but he declined to put any
explanation on record. He wound up this
incident by declaring at a special meeting
that newspaper men were similar to the
scribes of Christ's tim". When the col
lections fell off Dr.wie departed. While
here many thousands of his photographs
were sold for 23 cents apiece, and many
are still in existence. To the ultra en
thusiastic these photographs were re
garded somewhat as < harms, some pecu
liar property being attributed to them be
cause of the alleged power of the man
whom they represented,
A few days ngo Information was re
ceived in Oakland* from Chicago showing
that Mr. Dowie did very well with the
support lie received In Oakland. He went
to Chicago after pl« king up a few prac
tical Ideas from nrlgnam Young's de
scendants en rcut< ami established Zion
City. A few days ago Mr. Dowie sent
out circulars to the faithful urging them
to greater liberality In supporting the
cause. He calls himself "the representa
tive of God on earth and general overseer
of the Christian Catholic Church." He
declares that "Zlon is hard pressed" and
needs much aßsistar.ce. Some of these
circuia«s reached his old enthusiasts in
Oakland, but no one has as > •• i . so far
as Known., made any material effort to
relieve /ion.
Information from Chicago shows that
Dowie Is remarkably prosperous^ as he is
president and thief owner In all the "Zion
concerns,",' which are assessed this year
lows:
. PERSONAL PROPERT}
Ur. John Alex. i> iv le, 1201-1507 Michigan
ttvenu'? |5,000
Zior. City Dank. Thirteenth street find
Michigan avenue 23,000
Jii:.\i. ESTATE.
Zion bullrlinr, a! Twellth ! r*et and
Michigan avenue 58,600
Zion imd i. ■:■■! tame 87.0 M
Zion City Hark bul ding. Thirteenth
sticft and .-I! an ■•, ■;,,,.. 17.410
Zion • '!:.■ Hank, ground under same... 60,000
I ton i ■ s total .'..4231,900
" This list does not include a farm In
Michigan, for which he paid -$10,000 cash
Rome time ago, nor the horses, carriages,
automobiles and the liveries of the two
ebon coachmen with whom he occasionally
dazzle* Michigan boulevard,
While Dowie was In Oakland he claimed
to have permanently healed by faith Hugh
Craig or Piedmont, and at Hamilton Hall
Mr. Craig once acted as chairman and
made ■ speech eulogizing Dowie. Some
time afterward Mr. CralK admitted that
he had not had a. physician In his family
for seven years, and that he put much
faith in Mr. Dowle'a methods.
» m •
Chollle— lt costs me about $4000 a year
to live.
Dollie— What a waste of money!
THE BAJS IKAJN CISCO CALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
MRS. ANDERSON WRITES
ABOUT DOMESTIC STRIFE
9 . Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 90S 1 Broadway, Aug. 18. ©
*** 971 ,T^ us - T - ANDERSON* docs not intend to be misrepresented. A few *
T //\w\\ days ago her husband circulated a story that Mrs. Anderson was •}•
T. II )\ W entirely to blame for their separation. He charged that his wife V
?IL £&> \> not only took away herself, but that with her Went"* the furniture, "X,
.{. carpets, kettles and other utensil? that go to make up a home. J.
•^ .Mrs. Anderson resents such statements and this evening me lady pub- •*•
?lished a statement which she was plea-sod to sign and In which she tells what 4*
*£ she declares To be the whole truth and nothing mere nor less. £
.«. The lady is very anxious that the "public should know what I took with ».
•}• me." She then proceeds to assert that she did the marrying and that "I •■•
•j* bought and paid for the articles in question before I married my husband." ••
X There is a strong suggestion In Mr*. Anderson's public declaration that she *'
i took a hand indirectly in a divorce in which her husband previously figured, V
.i, for she says: "] gave my husband money with which to pay for his other X
•L divorce," leaving .the insinuation that she does not Intend to give him any 4
-j* money 'with which to secure a divorce from her. •*•
£ "I had good cause for desertion," the lady proceeds. "When I married t
T Mr. Anderson he had only an old stove, a shaky table, a few pictures, a T
j. stewpan and an old ragged carpet." '£.
J. ; '. Mr. Anderson also cast a few reflections on the lady's employment, which J.
»• causes her to affirm: "There is another thing 1 would like to mention, and •!•
1* that is I am not a waitress in a saloon. 1 am living at home with my **
** parents." Mrs. Anderson evidently thinks that a Southern Pacific engineer **
** is superior to an electrician, for she affirms that " her husband Is not the X.
J. former, but only the latter. This Interesting document shows no desire on the Ijl
•■• part of the writer to hide her identity, for it concludes: "I sign my name, 4.
•$• Mrs. L. Anderson." •}•
YOUTHS WARNED NOT
TO BOMBARD TRAINS
Police Round Up Children Who Have
Been Stoning Fast Through
Trains
OAKLAND, Aug. is.— lf the admonition
given George Thornsten, aged 15 years,
by Justice of the Peare Quinn to-day
proves effective as a warning the iuvenlle
ii llumism that has been responsible
for tin breaking of windows on the South
ern Pacilic Company's fast "Owl" and
"Overland" trains through West Oakland
for main months past, the stoning occu- '
pation of the young vandals will a
For a long time small boys have found
sport in hurling pel bles.rocks and clinkers
ai th< passing trains, and not Infrequently
have passengers sustained injuries there- i
by Of late a sharp look-out has been
kept and to-daj young Thurston and
four other lads, one but 6 years ol age.
were arrested for throwing stones at the
trains The arresUng officer finally sur
rendered th( four youngest to their par
ents I .ii t Thornsten was taken be-fore Jus
tice Quinn, who. after severely admonish
ing him, warned him to desist In his malic
ious mischief In the future or suffer the
full penally of the law. only after a most
earnest promise never again to stone a
train was the lad released.
Son* lime ago Senator Qesford while a
passenger on on« i f the fast trains, sus
tain, d an Injury to one of his eyes
through a piece of glass flying from a
window through which some boy bad
hurled a st. Tie. and not Infrequently pas
rs dining have complained of finding
small bits of glass in their viands ..wing
to the bombardm ;nt with stones.
■ m ■
NORMAN SMITH HAS
SUDDENLY VANISHED
OAKLAND. Aug. 18.— Norman H. Smith.
who came all the way from Lake Mills.
v. •:>.. i" figfli tiv divorce Buit Instituted
by his wife! Minnie Maud Smith, who has
gained considerable notoriety as prose
cuting witness against A. Arlington,
charged with bunkoing her, haa suddenly
|i it For his Eastern home. and. according
to a Btatemenl made by his attorney, 11.
drlch, Mrs. Smith will find no ol>-
Ptacle in the way of Becurlng her decree.
Smith's Budden change of heart in almost
countable, except that it bo. as ru
.. that his brother, a prominent
Eastern banker, has Induced him to drop
the matter and lei it take its course.
JUMPED FROM LOCAL
AND MET DEATH
OAKLAND, Aug: 18.— Martin Noon, aged
16 rears and residing with his parents at
1364 Fifteenth street lies at the point of
death to-night .it the Receiving Hospital
as the result of jumping off the front end
Berkeley local train due at Six
teenth-streel station from the mole at
■ clock this evening.
Th>- first car of the train, which Is .i
long one at that hour, ha"d just crossed
Sixteenth street when Noon jumped and
was thrown beneath the wheels, which
passed over his right leg near tin- thigh.
He was removed to the hospital, where
Drs Stratton, Milton. Huntingdon, Row.
Will <i\ and Porter amputated the Limb.
'1 he lefi leg was Beriously bruised and
it is believed that he also sustained in
ternal Injuries. He experienced Beveral
hemorrhages before being placed under
the Influence of cilicr and the doctors
give out very slight hopes of his recovery,
for his conditiol from shock and the
loss of several gallons of blood— is very
weak JToung Noon had l"it last Tu< b
day Be ured employment at the [ndlan
ipoHs l urnlture Manufactory In San
Francisco, and was returning from work
when he made the Jump that may prove
t : ,t;ii He Is the son of William Noon.
employed with the Southern Pacific Coin-
Noon died shortly before mldnipht. Rev.
Fathei Morris n of Father EClngrß church
w,i called and was at the bedside when
Noon dii d.
Rosenberg Is Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Aug. w. Joe Rosenhprß,
the prominent Broadway cigar dealer,
committed no Infringement of the laws by
witnessing the recent Baumgarten-Bryam
mill, which took place In M.<- basement of
:i barber .-hop. a Jury In the Police Court
bo <i- terminea to-nißht aftor taking throe
ballots, th>- first ballot showing seven for
acquittal :in<i the second eleven for hc
quittal. This makes the tlfth trial of the
prizefighting canes, In non.. or which a
conviction resulted, it is likely that the
remaining twenty odd cases will be dis
missed, and the police are chagrined that
Police Court Jurors as taxpayers have so
slightly appreciated their efforts to <<>;«•
the law prohibiting the witnessing
o( or participation In prizefights.
• — ■ ♦ ■«
Says Weld Double-Deeded.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Martha M. Porter
flled suit tins afternoon against Samuel
Weld and Catherine Ross to have a deed
to two lots "ii Willow street. Alameda,
which was executed by Weld and deliv
ered to Catherine ROM OH the 12th inst.
for a consideration of $2000, set aside and
declared fraudulent. In her complaint,
drawn up by Attorney Albert M. Arm
strong jjlaintiff avers that Weld executed
B deed t" the .same property <>n December
l. 1858, conveying title to her. and thai
therefore she is the le^al owner of the
property. Mrs. Porter asks that both de
tendants be enjoined from asserting any
claim.
. — m ■
Alameda News Notfes.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 18.— Petitions are be
ing circulated by Subben Bros, at the
West End and D. W. Martin on Park
street asking the City Trustees to rescind
the new vehicle light ordinance.
At a meeting of the Enclnal Literary
Society held last night the following offi
cers were elected: J. .11. Hamilton, pres
ident; Harry Greenwell. vice president:
1. . mi David, secretary; O. Stewart,, treas
urer: judiciary committee— W. Van M. ■•
ter. \v> cliff Chamberlain, W. G. Agnr.
Three new members were elected. The
society is preparing to present a three
act farce called "Three Spasms,"
Miss Goggin. president of the Federa
tion of Teachers of Chicago, gave an ad
dress on "Teachers' Club?"" at the Porter
School this afternoon before, the teachers. i
>~m~.
Forced to Give Fruit Away.
HAYWARDS. Aug. IS.— The cannery at
this place has been forced to give away
lOuO boxes of peaches because of the .-car
city of labor. Not sufficient hands can
be procured to put up the fruit already
purchased; and the same condition pre
vails at San Leandro.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
WALTON IS IDENTIFIED
AS SOMEBODY ELSE
Odd Fellows Order His Interment as
a Brother — Said to Have Had
Another Name.
OAKLAND, Aug. IS.— John W. Walton's
' remains are passing through the same ex
perience as other bodies picked out ofth^
water and taken to the morgue. They are
being identified as those of different peo
pie. Walton will probably escape the long
list of identifications that followed the
finding of the body of a man about three
months ago, and who was positively iden
tified every day of the week under a dif
ferent name.
This morning the Odd Fellows' relief
board received a dispatch from Albu
querque, N. Mex., Instructing it to bury
the remains of Walton in this city, '*'!ie
I Albuquerque lodge is proceeding on" the as
sumption thai there is no doubt regard
ing Walton's Identification.
■ Detective Shorej has already identified
the man as somebody else. He says that
"Walton" was staying at the Lester
House on Clay street and that he gave
the name of Henry Winkelman. Mrs.
Madden, the proprietress of the house,
also says the remains are those of Win
kelman. Deputy Sheriff Kellogg testifies
that he saw the man wandering around
the mole sever.il days ago and is positive
that it is the same man whose remains
are at the morgue. The funeral will prob
; ably take place to-morrow, unless some
more Identifications are made which would
induce the Coroner to delay the interment.
■ ♦ .
COUNCIL FIXES
THE TAX LEVY
OAKLAND. All?:. IS.— The City Council
practically decided to-night that the tax
levy will be $1 21 cents. It met as a com
mittee of the whole to consider the Audi
tor's estimate and the Mayor's message.
The levy was taken up, and unless
changes are made will be as follows:
Maintenance, $1; park and boulevard
fund. 3 cents; bond redemption and in
terest, 17 cents; sewer fund, 1 cen' ; total
51 Jl.
■ ♦ ■
THE GREAT CAKEWALK
CLOSES THIS EVENING
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— The International
Cakewalk Carnival closes to-morrow
night at the Exposition building. Thfi
i rowda all along have been very groat.
To-nighi thero was a rousing reception
to Professor McKtllican, and this will b«
repeated to-night In his final match for
Oakland Amateur Society cakewalk
champion honors. The children seora
d> ni'M't with the greatest favorit
ism, and they mfTit all the ap
plause given. Oakland has some
LT'.-tt juvenile cakewalkers. In th^ first
divisidn of the tots to-nighl the following
walked for champion of the State meda!&:
Etta Aronson, Harry Mangels, Kr;inki>-
Buttner, Marguerite Cowne, Ethel X. l ■
Kirna Hallon, Eva Katza. Qussle Katzu,
Loul O'Connor and May O'Connor.
in the society amateur Cakewalk Harry
«'«ro i nd Florence Shoeffer of s.ui Fran
cisco, Loral ne Langstroh and Lulu Bir.-h
"V Oakland, 1., rtn Franey and Miss >,t icie
of Oakland. L. <lv Franey and Mips
Grade Seaman of Pun Francisco, R. Roo
>.]• and lady. Ralph Hayman and Miss
Edna Horn of San Francisco competed
and two couples will finish Saturday
nitrht. 'i"he white professionals In the
walk were Professor M< Klllican and lady
of Oakland, Louis Baney ;iM<i 1 1. .> n Bien
dlepnn ol Berkeley, C. I• • > •.•. and ladj
Professor McKillican won thf match. The
colored t-akewalk brought oul John and
Martha Steward, L. Williams and K'.sir
Williams, M. Johnston and lady and
George Steward and Miss Beatty. it was
a tie between John Steward and L. Wil
liams and they agreed to walk tjie t\o
oft to-morrow night. The second division
of Juveniles will finish thHr contest '■<<-
morrow night. Th^rf- will be a matinee
for ladirs and children Saturday.
ENDEAVORERS WOULD LIKE
LEAGUERS TO AFFILIATE
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— The Christian Bn
deavorers of Alameda County would like
the Epworth Leaguers to .loin them as
associate members. The following letter
has been forwarded mid sent to tho var
ious leagues In the county:
Frank \\\ Trower, president F.pworth
League Alliance— Dear Sir: it piv^s
m>- great pleasure to omVinlly invite
your leagues to join <iur union as as
sociate nuTnlit rs.
W* believe such a union will br
beneficial nnth to yourselves and us.
and we !)'■;>■ you will consider it favor
ably, applying at an early date to our
look-out committee, through Mr. Hnh-
Bon, for in> mbershlp. fours fur best
means to advance the work.
K. C. LYON.
President Alameda County C, K. I'nion.
. » < . —
A FAITHFUL SWEETHEART.
Comes All the Way From Dublin to
Keep Her Plighted Troth.
ALAMEDA, Aug. IS.— Miss Charlotte
Mary Niole came all the way from Dub
lin. Ireland, to Alamecia to meet and
marry her lover. Henry C. Wilson. The
ceremony was performed on Wednesday
evening at the rector's study of Christ
Church by Rev. T. J. Lacey, but two
witnesses being present. The couple had
been sweethearts in Dublin since early
youth, and when Wilson left to scok his
fortune in this country she promised him
to follow at a later period and become
his bride.
Miss Nlele made the entire journey
alone, and when she arrived In Alameda
the groom, who is a telegraph operator
at Kandsburg, was here to meet her
They are still in Alameda. but will leave
in a few days for Randsburg, their future
home.
: . » ■ -
FEDERAL GRAND JURY.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
found a true bill of indictment against
Karl Krlstensen for making and passing
counterfeit coin. The bill against his con
sort. Mrs. Mary Terry, alia* Mrs. Mary
Krlstensen, alias Nellie Brown, for com
plicity In the offense, was Ignored.
The bill against Charles Jackson, col
ored; member of the crew of the transport
Warren, for stabbing Quartermaster Her
man Brevy on July 21. near Nagasaki, was
also ignored, the testimony showing that
Jackson had acted in self-defense. .
"I'LL HAVE TO
SHOOT TIT MAN."
SAYS MRS. SMITH
Arlington Riles His
Fair Accuser.
BUNKO MAN TELLS HIS STORY
ATTORNEY ADMITS CLIENT'S
PRIOR CONVICTIONS.
Extensive Criminal Record of the Old
Man Who Is Charged With Hav
ing Bunkoed Many Un
suspecting Women.
#-O-O J O-O ; O ; O ; O ; <> : O ; <>-0 ; ©
<^ >?>
<> R. M. Sander, alias Charles O
£ Holman, convicted in San £
'i. Francisco in 1882 of grand £
£ larceny, fire years' imprison- /».
V ment. £
£ April, 18S7— Toohy &
y sentenced Llewellyn Miller, ♦
alias George Robinson, alias
O Holman, alias S. P. Danforth, $
§ ■ alias Garfleld, to ten years in 1.
<£ San Quentin for grand larceny. <;>
O Discharged on October 8, £>
X 1893. &
■Z November 8, 1895— A. Ar- £
5 lington arrested at Suisun by &
9 Chief Kidworth for robbing a £
6 woman at San Francisco. Case O
0 compromised and dismissed. #
% November 30, 1895 — Arling- £
<S> ton brought from San Jose by •?>
<? Detectives E. L. Gibson and H. §
£ C. Reynolds for embezzling p.
1 diamond ring, valued at $100, £
£ from Lulu Patterson. Case <g
V fixed and finally dismissed. §
£> August 14, 1896— Indicted £
£ for passing fictitious check on £
; Rosa Karmarony. Acquitted. v
X December 21, 1896— Con- §
•0 victed in San Francisco for de- 9
■0 frauding an innkeeper as J.
± B. Brooks. Fined $10. £
? July 17. 1897 — Misdemeanor -
<? embezzlement in Alameda un- V
0 der name of L. M. Young. Sen- $
<S> tenced to sixty days in County £
® Jail by Recorder St. Sure. V
■0 Since then case in Oakland £
1 in which he relieved a woman g
X of $600. and now on trial <•;■;
■^ charged with relieving Mrs. #
6 M. M. Smith of purse contain- £
A ing $214 on April 14, 1899. g
Vl> ' <•>
0 . o• O - «*»♦»♦« • O O•O•O •O • •
Oakland OfFu San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Aug. 18.
The above In brief Is th..- record of Ar
thur Arlington, whose trial, bo tar as the
taking of testimony is concerned, was
closed before a jury in Judge HalTs court
this afternoon. Arlington was put on the
stand to testify in his own behalf, and
on cross-examination the prosecution
sprang a surprise by getting him to admit
that he had been twice before convicted
of grand larceny. With this fact admit
ted the prosecution then put In evidence
the judgments in both cases, and on be
half of his client Major McElrath admit
ted the convictions. Had Arlington rot
been imt 0:1 to testify there would have
been no chance to get the facts of his
record before the jury, and matters now
appear very gloomy for the aged bunkoer
On direct examination Arlington to-day
gave a detailed account of ah alleged visit
to the Richmond House in San Francisco
on 'the night of April 14 last in company
with Mrs. Smith, who accuses him of hav
ing robbed her on that very day. Mrs.
Smith had just taken a seat near her spe
cial counsel. F. W. Fry when the accused
man opened his narrative, and the state
ments roused the young woman s anger.
"On that visit," continued the corpulent
arid aged Lothario, 'we remained at the
Richmond all night, after having had
dinner and something to drink.
This statement directed against his fair
accuser who is suing her husband for a
divorce proved the straw that broke the
camel's back, and unable to suppress her
auger any longer Mrs. Smith turned to
her attorney and in a whisper that was
audible enough for Arlington to hear she
«aid- "I'll have to shoot that man. 111
do it vet. It's the only way I can get full
redress for the wrongs he has done me."
But Attorney Fry expressing himself as
"not doubting that the man is bad enough
to be shot," advised his client to compose
herself, as she would "get redress in an
other way." •"■■•'■ - '
Arlington gave his testimony in an easy;,
careless off-hand manner, and while in
the hands of his attorney his memory fal
tered not and his answers came without
"lie a had told of his sincerity of inten
tions to engage Mrs: Smith to take care
of his little daughter, who, he said, was
born in 1889; but on cross-examination by
Deputy District Attorney Samuels wit
ness" attention was called to the fact that
from 1887 until October, 1803. he was a
prisoner in San Quentin. Several mo
ments elapsed before witness, after objec
tions by his attorney, proved equal to the
occasion, and he answered by way of ex
planation that the child's mother was D
widow when he married her. On cross
examination witness was very careful, al
ways halting before answering, profess
ing' Ignorance and frequently giving mat
ters "to the best of his recollection."
For a few moments Mrs. Smith was re
called to prove that slip possessed no gray
dress such as the woman wore who did
••pond the night with Arlington nt the
Richmond, and it was then time to call
the mysterious hackdriver, by whom the
defense had promised to dear up all mat
ters concerning that night's escapade, but
Major McElrath frankly confessed "that
we haven't been able to get him."
On the other hand, however, Mrs. Sarah
Watklns of Snntn Barbara was called by
the prosecution and proved a :-tar. She
K»ntjti«' that she formerly resirl»d at 721
Sixteenth street, this city; thai Mis.
Smith lived with her. and that neither on
the night of April 11 nor any other night
during her sojourn there had Mrs. Smith
remained away from the house over
night. Every effort was made by the de
fense to break down Mrs. Wat kins-testim
ony, nut she proved unimpeachable and
the defense rested.
The case will be argued to the jury to
morrow morning, and it is likely that
Ai lington will know his fate before night.
Entertained the Local Club.
The Oregon Camera Club and the Col
orado Camera Club of Denver exhibited
two rets of slides before the California
Camera Club lost night at its headquar
ters in the Academy of Science buiidlner.
The pictures, many of which were woks
of art. comprised everything from views
of the battleship Oregon to Southern
plantation scenes.
_ . ♦ .
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Devereatix & lawman, proprietors of the
Valley Steam Laundry, Stockton. $1594 81;
assets, $939 15. M. M. Devereaux, ditto,
$549; no assets. E. R. Lewman, ditto, $214;
no assets. Judpe dp Haven rejected their
petition for informality. "Hunter Broth
ers « Oakland. $729 80; no assets. John A.
Stiller. Carrvllle. Trinity County. $567 92.
* V \ BAY C» 8 it* / /
MRS, KELLY IS
DEFENDED BY
DR. McLEAN
She But Executed the
Orders of Others.
PRAISE FOR HER GOOD WORK
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES' MUD
DLE NOT HER MAKING.
Physician Declares the Present Su
perintendent Should Not Be Re
moved Because of the Un
fortunate Affair.
OAKLAND, Auk. 18.— Dr. J. J. McLean,
D.D.. has expressed his views regarding
the financial wrecking of the Associated
Charities. Dr. McLean was one of the
original members of the association and
has taken an active part in its affairs for
many years. He declares thai the pr<
distress is not in any sense the fault of
the superintendent. -Mrs. H. 1.. Kelly,
whose resignation the !;"ard of directors
acc< pted, to tak< effect In two weeks'
time.
l >r. McLean's statement contains the
following:
H is impossible to overestimate the
necessity for a competent and suitable
superintendent and secretary. The
early history of thi- organization v .. -
greatly hampered by frequ< nt i bang) ■•.
for anything 1 i K * • competency on the
part of such official expert knowledge
is essential. The early officials did
the best they could without that
knowledge, and while they were gain
ing the rudiments of it no "ix- among
them has ever made so much progresu
in this direction as has been made by
Mrs. Kelly.
I do not hesitati to say that the or
ganization has been far more effective
under thi j present superintendent"
than at any previous period; and that
because of the knowledge gained of
the general principles of charity or
ganizations and of the wide acquaint
ance with the needy class in our city.
Jt would be a great misfortune to
throw this away. Unless, therefore,
there exists, aside from anything In
the public knowWlse. the most Im
perative reason for a change, it would
be nothing less than a calamity to
place an entirely Inexperienced person
in charge of this most vital and im
portant work of superintending the
wist' administration of charities in our
city. The present financial embarrass
ment is of course to be regretted, nut
the general directorate and the other
officers of the organization must t»
held much more responsible for this
condition of things than the superin
tendent, who is only the executive,
agent in carrying out the decisions of
tin directorate.
LINCOLN MONUMENT
AUXILIARY FORMED
PATRIOTIC WOMEN WILL HELP
THE FUND.
Ladies From the Different Patriotic
Societies Meet and Organize a
Branch of the League.
A woman's auxiliary to the Lincoln J
Monument League was organized last
evening at the headquarters of the league
In B'nal Brith flail. Committees appoint
ed from all the various women's organiza
tions in the city were present.
Mrs. Flora E. Bowley Officiated as tem
porary chairman, and Addle L. Ballou act
ed us secretary.
Intense enthusiasm prevailed, and sev
eral spec* in line with the object of the
organization were made by different la
dies.
The iol!owirg offic irswere elected: Pres
ident, Mrs. Fiora E. Bowley; vice presi
dents, Addie L. Ballou, Mrs. Laura Con
tug and Mrs. Griffiths; recording secre
tary, Mrs. Nellie A. Hendrickson; finan
cial secretary, Mrs. Mary E. Ferguson;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. A. M.
Michelson: officer of the day. Miss Emma
Bolz; sentinel, Mrs. Laura Codgson.
An adjournment was then taken to the
call of the chair.
THE REBEKAH SOCIAL.
Selling of the First Souvenir Badga
of the Odd Fellows' Jubile?.
There was an attendance of nearly 600
ladies last night in Odd Fellows' Hall at a
social given under the auspices of the
golden jubilee parade committee of the
Rebekah lodges of San Francisco. The
grand march, in which there were more
than 200 couples, was led by Miss Amy
Webb, president of the committee, and U.
S. G. Gilford. During the evening twenty
five of the jubilee souvenir badges were
disposes of by auction, Frank D. Worth
acting as auctioneer, assisted by Louis
Kragen. The first badge put up and the
first issued went to Jack Thompson of
Pacific Lodge for $10, and the second to
John A. Foster of Yefbn Buena I,odge for
$.1. There was a well arranged pro
gramme of dances, under the direction of
the following:
Parade committee — Miss Amy Webb,
president: Miss Parthenia Burkhardt, sec
retary* Mrs. Ada Patterson, treasurer.
Reception committee— Mrs. F. Bergman,
Mrs. Heleno, Peterson. Mrs. Ada Patter
son, Mrs. Maggie Hovey. Mrs. H. Ropbor,
Mrs. J. yon Gelstefeldt, Mrs. Annie Farn
ham. Miss Ruby Jewell. Miss Florence
Liinehan. Mrs. Maud Timbrel and Mrs.
Kmnia Anderson: floor manager. Miss
Amy Webb: assistant floor manager. Mr?.
B. Schule: floor committee — Mrs. Alma I
Jensen. Mrs. Almira Parker, Mrs. Lily
Meredith, Mrs. Lola Ziegler, Mrs. Molli'e
McColllster, Miss Parthenia Burkhardt,
Mr,-. W. W. Watson, Mrs. Mollie Black
anil Mrs. Dale Warlord.
. ♦ >
Captain Betbcder Denies the Killing.
Consul w. Y. IJoaiza of, the Argentine
Republic is in receipt of a cablegram
from the commander of the Argentine
training ship Pre.sldenlc Sarmlento in ex
planation of the story exclusively pub
lished in The Call a few days after his
vessel left this port to the effect that a
sailor had been killed aboard the ship by
the master-at-arms and the fact hidden,
from the United States officials. A copy
of The Call containing the story of the
killing was forwarded to Captain Bet
beder by Consul Loalza. with a request
for a statement of the facts in the case.
The cable message received in answer to
this request, dated Yokohama, i.< .is fol
lows: ..-,',':'
Argentine Consul Loaiza. San Fran
cisco, Cal.: The sailor who was slightly
wounded aboard the Presidi Sar
micnto by the master-at-arms died of
pulmonary complications nine days
after our leaving that port and not
during our stay there, as stated in the
newspapers. Kindly rectify.
CAPTAIN* BETBEDER.
it will be seen that while Captain Bet
beder admits the fact of the shooting he
seeks to solve himself from the conse
quences attendant upon his neglect to re
port the affair to the proper United States
authorities by denying that the sailor died
while the Presidents Sarmiento remained
in port.
. » .
The. Ohio Society.
The Ohio Society of California has madp
arrangements to pay a visit to-night, in
the Palace Hof>l, to William E* Strong.
ex-Mayor of New York and ex-prosideril
of the" Ohio Society of the State of New
York.
CUT HIS THROAT
WITH FRAGMENT
OF A TIN PLATE
Thief Attempts Sui
cide in His Cell.
PREFERS DEATH TO PRISON
THOMAS CAMPBELL BETRAYED
BY FELLOW PRISONERS.
Doctors Sew Up the Gashes in His
Neck and He Will Live to
Serve Out His Sin- ,
tence.
OAKLAND, Aug. IS. -Thomas Campbell,
who with several others was convicted
recently of robbing a drunken man of $2.
trir-ri to commit suicide this morning in
bis cell in the County Jail, where he is
av.jutin.e- sentence.
Campbell adopted a novel plan to end
his earthly existence. H. took a tin
plate, which hf- had withheld from the
breakfast service, broke it in half, and
then, seating himself before a small
pocket mirror, cut bis throat with the
jagged edge of a piece of the tin plate.
Campbell had given his jailers cnn
siderable trouble of late, hence he was
placed in a cell near the end of the corri
dor. When several other prisoner* cas
ually looked through the wicket of hi
• what Campbell was doing they ob
served him ly;:-.^ on his back and blood
trickling from his r.e^k.
Tl • ■ >  promptly notified. The
prison physician was Immediately sum
moned and the wound was sewed up. His
Injury the physician did not regard as
necessarily serious. Campbell will be'sen
nexi w ■ k.
■ ♦ .
Aid for the Youths' Director?
Eugene McCoy has organized a commit
tee of Minion business men to solicit
contributions for the Youths' Directory.
The committee has sent oui a <'ir< % ular to
th'- leading business houses of the city
deflnir.K Its ohjr-ct nnd urging financial ;iil
for the worthy Institution founded t>v
Father Crowley. Its members have shown
commendable energy in the matter, mii<l
their efforts have already been attended
with flattering sui
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Sa^ . • Steamers 'pave Broadway
VjTiiii. wharf, San Francisco.
! eSENaHftk^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i'H^M| August '.:■. "A. 29, September 3,
■SiHnsA* change at Seattle.
ISl^vUJfca! Knr Victoria. Vancouver ( H.
BBft- /Hji it r) - Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^^^aWjßS Tacoma, Everett. Anaeortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m. August 19, 24, 29.
September 3, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. $. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. in.. August.
I 17. 22. 27, September 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For. Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Ilueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., August 20, 24, 2S, September
I. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only .it Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Ix>s Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles).. 11 a.
m., August l«. 22. 26. 30, September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. MagdaJena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
mr nth.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and h™r« of imllfnr. ' ..
TICKET OFFICK 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC 312 First Class Including Bert*
IMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aug. 26. Sept. ■
COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. 81. Sept. 10
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Rutte,
Helena and all noints in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all prints East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
': ■'■■ . : Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TOKK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PAEI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 n. m.
New York .. AucuFt 231 New York Sept. 1?
St. Louis August 3<VSt. Louis Sept. 20
St. Paul.. September 6 St. Paul... September 27
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Xoorland Aug. 23 j Westernland ...Sept. 13
Frlesland Aug. V* Kensington — Sept. M
Southwark Sept. 6|Nordland Sept. 27
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. S^. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMKRS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
** ii'T First and Brannan street. 1 p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
X be (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Bailing. ■
AMERICA MARt" Friday, October «
HONGKONG MART* Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARL* Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st . cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent
f* 5 .' »y; SB ftMil'M The S. S. Australia
iife§SfflSi s;i 11 ' for Honolulu
B**sjl" r * all ' a^'Wednesday. August 23.
& i< /^\J~~\ S. S. Alameda sails
f *SIP/!PKflineJ vla Honolulu and
'GJlDaiilJlilU' 1 ' Auckland for Sydney
/WTlßJinJL.'vVrdm'sday. September
isx^ •.ylll^'UlCtp,; at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India, Sue»,
i England, etc.; $610 first class.
.. U. ar-rttCKELS a BKOS. CO.. Acts.. SI4 Montfjomerj
Pier 7, Font Pacific St. Freight 327 Market St
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Bailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <■'<£ Vs
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ••&*!****
Morton t-t. LA NORMANDIE, August 26; LA
TOURAINE, S^pt. -': LA CHAMPAGNE, Sept.
9- LA fJAacOGNE, Sept. IS: LA BRETAQNE.
Sept. J3. Fim-clsiss to Havre. $155 and up-
ward, •'■ per eeul reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond 'class to Havre, JC. 10 per cent reduction
on round i- • GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
v.ay (Hudson building). New Yoik. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery rtve., San Francisco. -.■-':
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
> Steamer "MonHcello." -V
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE .......;.. Mo
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICF. of the San FranetsCO
Call, corner of Market ard Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlsht In the y«-ar.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery street.
Clay: open until 9:80 o'clock.
- . Hayes - "n" 1 9::i0 o'clock.
0 until B:M o'clock.
Cl 5 1 arkin street; < pen until 0:30 o'clock.
. - ■ . until 10 o'clock.
2261 Mark.i street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mlssloi ' open until 9 o'clock.
■ Twenty-second and Ken
ti;cky str.'.ts. ■:•■:'. ur.tll 3 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., a
will meet [•HIS (.SATURDAY) EVEN-
].\u Aug. 19, at T.so '/-lock. R. A. de- J\J\
gree.' By order of the H. P. 'V >
FRANK-LIN. H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- "IC3C
gree. H. C. BUNKER. Secretary. /^r
THE committee appointed by the subor- ajWjif/
dir.ate lodges of the A. O. U. W. tO|A"'^»i
receive the members of the order fre-tD'jfej
longing to the California Roglment areMM^
requested to meet SUNDAY. August 20, in
Shlels ... 3'- O'Farrell St.. at 2 o'clock
sharp. E. DANFORTH, D. G. M
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from i. P. Goodwin in the Blrdseye
Creel placer mine. at You Bet, Nevada
County, to deposit tailings In an 1 Id pit: from
Mrs. E. A. Cox, In the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to deposit
tailings In Fcurth Ravine, and from George
W. Si me and James J. Schenrich, in the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Diamond Springs, El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings in a ra-
vine and in Rlnggold Creek, gives notice.
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, Pan Franc!6Co. Cal., on September
4. 1599, at 1:30 p, m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholder* of Pa-
cific Undertaken will be held at 777 Mission
ft. on WEDNESDAY, August 23. 1803. at
1:30 p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before it. Transfer
books will close Friday, IS. at 4 p. m..
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. . :orjTTAM. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
»niusiF accounts for crrpnratlons .'; firms: ret.
ASTROLOGY.
PROFESSOR ROAF of Boston, astrologer end
occultist: horoscope!!, etc. 34 Sixth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire tex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
li.g, M-5-Sia Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; ei-tates. mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. •',. W.
HOWE, -any at law, 560 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckeli Building;. 927 Market st.
1. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
VAN NESS AYE 1714— Can accommodate a
family of four in a select boarding-house with
an elegant large front suite. Including bath;
also single and double rooms; everything new;
board ihe best; home comfort; location choice;
references.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class: 1714
Market St., S. F_ Cal.; American and Euro- ;
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
cr en suite; board and room. $1 rer day up;
suites without board. $1 per day: single rooms.
We; special rates by month, also to tourists. !
i
FRUITVALE: priv. board; extensive grounds,
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvale a\.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O. !
LAS PALM ■ IS2O Market-Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms. suitable for 4. private; bath; board op.
OTARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special . rates to gents.
I ELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq .— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By family of 3 adults rooms and
board within 1" or 15 minutes' walk of Call
building; must be Brat-class and price rea-
sonable. Address box 1359. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; good
h'jme. 3i-0 Bartlett st.
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holttps Book Cr.. 704 Mission Ft., near Third.
~ BUSINESS .. CHANCES.
A— s€ji>— SALOON; elegant furniture; dally re-
cot.pts $1S; rent $50: close to Chronicle. R. G.
WILKE, SOfi Market st.
A— slso0 — CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point: rent $40; a good-paying store; establish-
ed years; full value In sight; all cash trade.
all R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. .
$750— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; s-iuendid business; first -class pay-
ing; Mckness of owner causes a bargain.
WILKK. iO6 Market st.
A PARTNER with $1200 wanted in old-estab-
lished country grocery store and bar; lively
manufacturing town; 15 miles from city. R.
G. WILKE. 3C6 Market st.
A— S6CO— NEWSPAPER and periodical route-
first-class paying: Including stock of periodi-
cals, store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms.
Cal! R. ■; WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon In
wholesale district; established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call Jl. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— 1500; PARTNER wanted in pork and sau-
ti ge factory; knowledge of business not nec-
eff-ary; only good lively man wanted to at-
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 906
Market st.
A— {l:6so; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and bar on Eddy St.: a splendid location and
first-class paying; stock will Invoice the price;
living rooms; horse and wagon: death in fam-
ily only cause of sale. WILKE. 906 Market.
JtfO— BRANCH bakery, notions, confectionery;
receipts $20 day; close to large school; larg-i
stock; rent $16; 4 rma. nnd bath; elegant busi-
ness chance; see it. JONES & CO.. f-65 Mkt.
tat RANT, near Market; must be sold
this day. See COWING & CO., 995 Market.
!'2" ACRES choice roast land to exchange;
v,hat he.ye you? COWING Ac CO., 996 Market.
I WANT a loan of $ l ono for fi months at 1 per
rrr.t month, nr will take partner with above
amount to complete contract; $25,000 profit in
contract; ample security; principals only.
Box 13 r )'i Call orfice. ,.
FOR Fale— Cl=ar store; Al: on good corner
south of Market. Apply to F. HOFFMAN 106
Turk st
riAP.G.UN— Meat market: ?200; splendid local-
j.'lty; cash business. i.lv owner, 506 Castro.
TINNERS and p!timl».-rH, attention^ business
for sale; established over IS years; pet of tin-
nerr,' and plumbers' tools, with small str«-k
of shelf goods: man can get good-paying
business foi $350: banner crop in county this
year. Address T. PATTISON, box 21 San
Luis Obispo.
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business-
no opposition: refrigerator and smokehouse :
sickness cause for "filing; a bargain- no
agent. Box 1335, Call office.
PARTIES to Join in incorporating company on
rich oil land adjoining producing oil wells-
patented land; small capital only. Box 12SS
Call.
STATIONERY, bakery and notion store; rea-
sonable terms. Apply cor. O'Farrell & Hyde.
FOR sale — Good paying inside route on this
paper. A poly Call office. .
TO let— Lunch counter. Apply 238 Third st.
FOR Bale Good saloon with 3 living rooms
2MS Sixteenth st.. corner of Capp.
PARTNER wanted Rooming-house, -is rms.;
421 Buph, opp. Calif. Theater. 1-3 p. m. to-day.
FOR Fale — A good home bakery; particulars at
25*5 Market St.. near Sixteenth. J. McEUigott.
CIGAR and stationery store: receipts $50 day;
long lease; low rent. 256. Third st.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
■ trance. ;■ UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — and general all-round man,
not afraid of work, as partner in established
business; no money necessary. Call or ad-
dress *:. 2137 D wight way, Berkeley, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
perk-packing business for *ale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office. -"',
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney"
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections mad*. 935
Market st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkin St., bet. & and 10 a. m.
nUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR SALE— Branch bakery and- candy and no.
tions store; on account of sickness. 213's
Fourteenth St.. cor. Natoma, city.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
ols, Atty & Financial Agt.Hackmeler Hotel.
TO pell or exchange — Business", any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 7S3^ Market St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from CEO.
W. CASWELL A- CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. 'EOAN & SON. 2117 Mls3lon st.
100 SETS second-tfand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys an horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama ht. : tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN' B California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet fieaning Co.. 402 Sutter it.;
tel. Main 294. QKkJ. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S.. I Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
; Ft.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLiN'S Carpet-boat Ins Works. 333 Golden
O>l> nvf : tel East M*. ____^__
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA~CleaninE and Toilet Compounds and _
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and *qp»ory. 2*. Spear St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DH. CI-AKK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of i
life. While entranced she will vest every 1
hidden mystery; s. c will show you how to i
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty: locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life. past, present and future.,
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for circular ;
with Fpeclal terms. MBS. DR. F. CLARK, ,
1023% Market st., near Sixth. Always consult
the best
MM!' LANGE. the groat clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hue- |
band or wife; fee, 25e and up: satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 1167 Market St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant an!
card reader: born with double veil and second
Bight diagnoses disease; full life readings;
la.lie«. I >■■. gents, $1; sitting tl iO. 126 Turk.
MEDIUM and healer: cir. Mondays, Thursdays,
- p. m. MRS. EHRHORN, 1908' Mission st.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2."c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, Watches/ Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. Grant.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley tells your life from j
cradle to grave,soo.sl up.106 Taylor.parlors 3-5.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist: past, i
present and future. ■-"■ 14S Sixth si . room 12. j
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. AUGUST. 1143 Mission st., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hu*- j
bnnd> picture. ?r,c- la.y»« .014 Q-F°-r»'l «t
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency, no charge un-
>sf successful. Room .*l'>. '-27 Market s'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; newly reno-
vated: modern; Presidio Heights, 405 Laurel,
,st. MADISON & BURKE. I
$9— COTTAGE, 3 sunny rooms. 63<> Ivy aye. ;
J6— TENEMENT. 4 rooms, new. fine basement.
17 K.-.5.-oe, off Crescent aye. Mission cars.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGDMB' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand -Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap- j
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic ]
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold i
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; !
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and {
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit i
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50 [
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open j
evenings and Sunday".
a NEW ANAESTHETIC for PAINLESS
dentistry. synol ;
Removes the pain: an application to Ihe
(rums and th? nerves sleep, you remain wide I
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Ftroneer than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- j
out a plate: flll;ngs. 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates, j
full net, $.".; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket ft., cor. 4th, rm 7. Flood tldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth •
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
IS r.O up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLTAMPON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex- ]
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- ,
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. $4: ,
rubber or flexible, plates, $3; received 8 first j
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market Ft . near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a ;
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric- >
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 I
operators: no students. 997 Market St. j
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. \
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. I
MEYER. 6 Turk: Deutscher ZJahnarzt; crown
nnd bridge « rk: or' 11 Sundays. 9 to 12 m. \
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling"?, .' c up; crowns,
j $3 i-n- out eyonlnr-g ST. v- ■• ■■■ .-t.
■ DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103 |
Post st.
S. F. DRESSMAKING School: practical meth-
ods: terms reasonable 104 Kearny st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
! English branches, civil and mining engineer-
-1 Ing. assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
; surveying, etc.; electrical engineering theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
logue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
i mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
J references. President Jordan or any Stanford
! professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business liege, 723 Market St.. short r
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life (scholarship, $50: catalogue.
A— HOPF'S i inglnc, Piano School; summer
rates, %; French, Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
I ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm:-
: ing, mech. survey. assay. archl.; day and eve.;
I cst. 1364. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
j A LADY teaches, piano mandolin thoroughly;
BOc an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
I for entertainments and vocalists. 120" Octavla..
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny i rooms; low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
M. O. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
I in shorthand: pupils by mail. 801 • Montgomery.
' MISS Guadalupe VaUeJo teaches Spanish and
•_ English: comi«#tent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
Int-gs College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City. Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night: correspondence,
BOOKKEEPING, aritlimetic.gramm.ir. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 MlsHion.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHElTlirEin^ioyme^"o7n^e^jTpTne7ieT^hl-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. C.KO AOKI 30 Geary Ft.: tel. Grant r,(j
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED Keiiinle.
STYLISH dressmaking: highest Fatisfactlon
given; special Inducements; prices reason-
able. lie Twelfth s'.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer;
best references; salary moderate. Box 1373,
Call.
YOUNG lady, Normal graduate, would like a
few private pupils. Call or address 1610 Soott.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
' at home. 821 Mission st., room 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT — Female.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes woft by the day;
first-class worker. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ler st.
A SWEDISH house girl; good cook; good ref-
erences: Oakland preferred. MRS. NORTON,
813 Sutter st.
A NEAT Scandinavian girl wishes situation as
laundress in city. Apply to J. F. ' CROSETT
6 CO., 316 Butter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation
In private family; wages $35;. best references.
Call or address 2228 Pine st.
NURSE wishes situation to take care of chil-
dren or invalid lady; references. Address
box 1364. Call office.
15 CENTS per hour; young woman wants 2 or I
hours' more work mornings. Address B, or
call at 597 Kills st.
PLACE wanted by respectable, competent
woman an nurse or housekeeper; call morn-
Ings. 142% Fourth' st. , '.
GERMAN girl would like position to do wash-
Ing and housecleaning for Tuesday and
Thursday; $1 10 per day. 215,4 Polk. In rear.
WANTED- Position by competent stenographer
and typewriter In law office; best of refer-
ences. Address box 1281, Call. __
YOUNG German girl wishes to take care of
children. Call at IMOV4 Howard St.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms; 2:>c to $150 night: 51 60 to ?8
weeK; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and bacgasre to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414>2 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 425.
SITUATION by married man as manager or
foreman of dairy, stock, vineyard or grain
ranch; thoroughly competent of taking- full j
charge of either: best of references: strictly |
sober' and reliable. Address J. H., 1505
Stockton st. room IS.
MAN with mechanical experience desires a sit-
uation near city; would prefer music or bl-
cycl? store; have made and repaired violins;
wages no object if chance for advancement;
good references given. Box 1375, Call office.
WANTED— By steady, industrious young man.
position as driver, delivery or milk wagon;
thoroughly acquainted with city; reference.
3939^ Twenty-sixth St.
RELIABLE marine engineer holding chiefs
licence wants position ashore; best of refer-
ences. Address box 1374. Call office.
EXPERIENCED cake and bread baker wishes
situation; married; best references. Apply
681 O'Fajrell st.
MAN and wife want place In country; hotel or
farm. Box 1233. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and gardener would
like situation; private family. Box 1332, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class traveling
salesman, 27 years old: Central America, Eu-
rope and China; speaks English, German,
Spanish and French; prime references. Ad-
dress box 1202, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands the cure of fine horses, cows,
garden work, is handy with tpols and has
porter experience, desires position. Box 1205,
Call.
WANTED- Situation by a young man; best of
references; position as bookkeeper ■or any
kind of office work; wages no object If chance
for advancement. Address 8., 4 California
st., room 14.
ALL-ROUND engineer wants position, city or
country; accustomed to mining, milling and
amalgamating; all repairing; also handling
of men Box 1433. Call,
PRACTICAL assayer and all-round miner I
wants position: can set up and run any free 1
milling machinery; accustomed to the charge i
of men; reference. Box 1382, Call. . j
A FIRST-CLASS practical irardener In alii
branches wishes a situation on large private
place; first-class references. W. H., £37. How-
ard st. ' * . . L.
YOUNG man, 2? years old. first-class salesman,
speaking Spanish, German and English, with
-v references, wants employment. Box 1398,
Call. I
ELDERLY gentleman desires soft job; charge
of land property, secretary, any literary
work In English or German. A. 8., box 1336.
Call.
DRUG clerk wants employment evenings after
4 p! m. until midnight if necessary; also Sat- '
urday and Sunday. Address box 1256. Call.
HOUSE painter wants work by the day: will ;
work cheap Address J. H.. 112 Eighth St. ;
NOTICE Barber wants steady Job evenings,
Saturday and Sunday. Box 1280, Call office.
YOUNG man with 5 years experience wants
position as bookkeeper or grocery clerk. Ad-
dress box 1276, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
FOR weak eyes and poor sight use Mayerle's
glasses; they rest the eye, relieve muscular
strain and preserve the sight. GEORGE
MAYERLE, German expert optician. 10714
Market ft., San Francisco. German eye j
water by mail. r.oc. "■*-.■*??< | '■■
FLATS TO LET.
EDDY. 825— A strictly first-class lower flat, 7
rooms and bath; rent (with water), $25. no I
lesn; richly worth $30.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. , V
GEARY. 2223Vi— Sunny flat. 3 rooms; rent rea-
sonable.  ?.,
HANDSOME "corner flat. 6 rooms and bath; ■
newly papered. Corner McAllister and Brod-
erick; rent $20. " ,. . 'V
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; gas;
bath: rent $15.
NINTH. 502— corner bay-window flat of 5
rooms and both: rent cheap.
SHOTWELL, 606, near Twentieth— ll2; four
large sunny rooms and bath.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; water free: rent $10. 1606
Church St.. near Twenty-eighth.
THIRD, 417% Latest improved Hats: Ist. 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
VALLEJO. 1611—1 Flat six rooms and bath, or
will rent whole house: fine marine view.
$12 75— SHIPLEY, 297 A, near Sixth: flat of 5
' rooms, bath; gas; yard.
$25— New upper flat, 6 rooms and bath. 4138
Seventeenth st., near Eureka.
4 ROOMS, yard. 17 Hampton place, off Fol-
s.-m St., bet. Second and Third.
2 FLATS: upper and lower; rent $7 and $7 50.
244 and 256 Harriet St., bet. Harrison and Bry-
ant. Sixth and Seventh.
furniture: FOR sale.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
EOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE .WANTED.
SECONDHAND— Highest cash price paid. $59
Mission.
HELP WANTED Aprent*.
WANTED— Canvassers and agents for novel-
ties. 22' £ Geary St., room 6.
HELP — Female.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head .waitress for first-class cafe, $30; head
waitress, city, $25; 20 waitresses, city and
country. $20: 2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, steady
place, $20; 8 extra waitresses, Santa Cruz,
free fare both ways; 2 woman cooks, $30;
fancy Ironer, $150 day
FAMILY ORDERS
The positions now open for cooking and gen-
. eral housework and other private family
work are too numerous to mention, but if you
are looking for that kind of work you can
find It hire and at the right wages,' C R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE who understands sanitarium work, $30
and found; one who has been In sanitarium
in the East preferred. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
FANCY lroner, $25; sleep home. D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. -
GERMAN nurse, 1 child 1% years, $25, must
travel; 2 second girls, $20 each; nurse, coun-
try. $20. one. child 2 years. D. CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A— 2 housework girls, $15 each, sleep home: girl
to assist In kitchen, $20. D. CULLEN, 325
Sutter st: '. . " .'
A— CHAMBERMAID, $20; waitress, same place,
$20; country; see gentleman here. D CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. .
WANTED— Parlormaid and seamstress, . $25;
Protestant second girl. $25; laundress, private
family. $30; 'cook and waitress, small country
hotel, $2."> and $20; cook, small country hotel,
$30: 3 waitresses, country hotels, $20 and $30;
kitchen helper, $20; 2 waitresses for the
springs, J2O; 4 neat Irish, German and French
second girls, $15, $20; and a large number of
girls for general housework in city and coun-
try, *20 and $25. too numerous to advertise'
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Assistant waist and sleeve makers.
1037 Post st. ■ -f. -; ■■„■
YOUNG girl to take care of Infant; must un-
derstand sewing; wages $12 to $.15. 2230 Pa -
cific aye.
HELP "WANTED FemaIe.
GERMAN nurse girl 1 child. $25, must be will-
ing to travel; waitress, $25; second girl. $-»:
nurse, short distance, $20. MRb. NORTON.
313 . Sutter st. '
WOMEN and girls to pack fruit In Union
Warehouse, cor. Battery and Union sts.;
steady work. ' ■
WANTED— tailored and buttonhole
maker. BOWHAY, MC Butter st
WANTED— Flrst-clasS skirt hands. BOWHAT,
RIG Sutter St. - ,
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. ' Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd.. Erannan st.. bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Branaan St.. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. S6H Fremont
Ft.: take, elevator.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. T,n .' l
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
WANTED— Women and girls 10 work on fruit:
steady employment CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING C 0... Tenth and Bryant sts.
GIRL to assist with baby and light housework.
1413Vi> Scott St.. near Geary. .
YOUNG girl to assist Ir. light housework; sleep
home. Call 1223 Pacific st.___
WOMAN Ito do housework by the day. 3997
Eighteenth st.
YOUNG German girl to assist with, light house-
work and children. 651 Valle J°J: t -.^? a __l ;
GIRL. German speaking, for housework. 1053
Market St.
WANTED— GirI for general housework in Oak-
land; must be good cook; two in family;
wages $25; first-class references required; an-
swer stating nationality.' Box 1279. Call.
CAKE-WALKING couples wanted. Apply at
the Olympla to-day between 12 and 2; good
compensation.
GERMAN girl for light housework; wages $10.
Apply 404 Fourteenth st.
LADY barbers wanted; $10 per week; steady
work. Apply 713 Mission st. .
WANTED— Young girl for housework and bak-
ery. 350 Duncan St.. bet. 27th and 28th. .
FIRST-CLASS finishers on conts; also appren-
tice; steady work. 354 Geary st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. '
HELP WANTED — Male.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and .Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
9 stablemen, good Jobs, $40, $35. $30, $26, $20
and found
Fruit-box ...sandstone cutters, «$5 day
$45 and found. 6 men as deckhands, no ex-
perience '.
1 boys to pick seeds, Santa Clara County
$23 and found
ARK YOU MARRIED?
3 farmers and wives and milkers and wives..
$40, $35 and found
2 cooks and wives 540 and found
MEN AND BOYS FOR FACTORIES, MANU-
facturing company's stores, learn trades,
cash boys, learn waiting, dishwashing, can-
washing, etc., $36, $30, $26. $25. $20, $15. $10
and found and by the week and day
• Milk wagon driver, city Job $25 and found
Help wanted for Oregon, Washington. Ha-
waiian Islands and Arizona, $6, $5, $4. $3 day
12 drillers, S. P. pass tree....? 2 75 and $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
$30 AND FOUND
25 men and strong boys for the best and
largest orchard, vineyard and farm in Cali-
fornia, fare $1 (no experience required), your
work will be to pick fruits and pack them, ;
work In packing houses, help ship fruits to
California and Eastern markets, also to
Europe. If you are good you will be kept
steady the year* round at other work after 'the
fruit season, $30 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY WE SHIP.. WE PAY YOUR FARES
to the great 38 sawmills and woods in Cali-
fornia
136 men as laborers, etc, and to wheel saw-
dust, pile lumber, learn to run machines and
33 other different positions; wages from $26 to
$40 per month, with good food, good lodgings
and beautiful climate to^work in (no experi-
ence required), you will suit, come and see us; j
woodchoppers and tlemakers by the hundreds, ■
fare paid, tools and food furnished, $2 to *1
cord. 12c each. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. ■
YOU CAN MAKE BIG MONEY..
fruit pickers, men or boys, no experience re-
quired, anybody will suit. 90 days' work, $30
per month and found, fare $1 60, fee $1. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE .FREE FARE
to every railroad In California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad); drill-
« is. headermen, hammersmen, laborers, team-
sters, section laborers, etc, $3 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR A STATE SENATOR ....*..
5 good 4-horse teamsters, fare $Ls34 and found
6 laborers, fare ofic. no experience, $60. MUR-
RAY rv READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE PAID BOTH WAYS
BOSS HERE 9:30 A. M.
6 teamsters for horses 6 laborers
$"0 per month and found. Including lodgings,
20 miles away. MURRAY .t READY, 634 and
636 lay st. ' ,
HERE'S SOMETHING GOOD '.
12 nun as laborers for a ranch, fare 50c $60
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 < 'lay St. _:.:
MILKERS CHOREMEN.. \.. FARM HANDS
14 milkers for good steady jobs
$30, $25 and found
69 farm hands for good steady Jobs
$:::,, $30, $26 and found
12 choremen and boys for farms, $30; $26. $2"..
$20, $1.",, $10 per month and found.. ..Come
and See .■ 1
HAY AND HARVEST HELP 1
HAY BALERS
29 men for hay and harvest fields
' $2. $150. $125 day
$3 50 day and hoard for strong men to bale
hay '.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD MINKS .TTTTTT COAL MINKS
SILVER MINKS
Fireman $«0
24 laborers (no experience
$52 50. $10 and $30 and found
9 miners, hard rock, double $7."»
8 waiters for mines $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 636 Clay st.
BOILER-MAKERS BLACKSMITHS
2 boiler-makers, steady Job, country.. 25 day
Including board, lodging, etc
12 blacksmiths, }i'o, $50, $40, $30 and found....
Wood turners and mill bench hands —$3 day
Murray & READY. 634-636 Clay n
GOVERNMENT WORK
jB carpenters, free fare, 8 hours $3 day
WAOONM VKERS ..CARRIAGE PAINTERS
CABINETMAKERS.... & READY,
r.: 1 ! and 636 Clay st.
SHINGLE SAWYERS- AND JOINERS, TAL-
LYMEN MILL BENCH HANDS. TREE
FELLERS, CROSSCUT SAWYERS and 60
other different jobs in mills and woods, $30.
$*0, $70, $G5. $60, $10 $*■> and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS WArTERS DISHWASHERS
• 27 COOKS.. $50 $45. $40, $3.», $30 and found
34 WAITERS $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
42 DISHWASHERS $26 $20. $15 and found
ELEVATOR AND BELL 80Y5...
PORTERS, JANITORS
....LAUNDRY HELP. $36. $UD, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 636 Clay Ft
BAKERS SHOEMAKERS
3 first, 4 second. .3 third hands and boys to
learn, $"0 $45, $35, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.. '." FREE FARE
COAST ROAD
Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen for the
Coast Railroad; wages $1 75 to $2 75 a day;
free fare.
4 stonemasons, $3 50 a day; 10 masons' help-
ers. $2 and $2 60 a day. ' : .'
Blacksmith's helper, $2 25 a day; carpenter,
$1 50 a day and found: free fare.
VALLEY ROAD .-
Free fare; 3 scraper loaders. $2 15 a day; 4
plow holders, $2 15 a day; 10 men to help tim-
ber a tunnel, $2 a day: teamsters, $2 a day.
20 4-horse teamsters, $2 a day— board $4 50 a
week. C. R. MANSION & CO:, 104 Geary st.
A— ....20 FRUIT PICKERS
$1 a day and found, ship to-day, for Yolo Co.;
20 fruit pickers for Butte Co. ■
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CAMP cook, $14 a week; dishwashers, $30, $25
• and $20; cook, country restaurant, $50 and
room; waiters, $35, $30 and $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHOREMAN, $30- 6 labores for the woods. $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. • '
WANTED — Engineer to make himself useful
about mine; milkers for Mendocino and Sono-
ma counties, $25; milker, city, $30; men about
place, $20 and $25: machinist, $2 50 day; pond
man, $30 and found; chore man; man and
wife with references to care for gentleman
place, $30: sheepherder, $20: blacksmith. $2 25
day; blacksmith helper, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st. .
•WANTED— 2O gcraner teamsters. $2 day; 15
drillers. $2 day; 75 laborers for pick and shovel
work, $2 day;. 10 laborers, $45 and board, city;
laborers for quarries and mines, and others.
J. F. CROSTCTT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Barkeeper and assist waiting, $30;
first and second restaurant cook, $60: cook,
small hotel, $30; second cook, hotel, $30; res-
taurant cook, $9 week: dishwashers, J2O and
$25; eeneral utility man for institution, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. ■■■■■■„?.■. .'■'':< ■ ■}':^.-'i'-'.-::\ i ■ ' r"
HELP WANTED — Male.
WANTED— 2 foremen for scraper gang, $3 per
day; 10 scraper teamsters for ditch, short dis-
tance in country, $2 per day, reduced fare;
blacksmith, near city. $2 to $2 25 per daj ,
see carty at office; 3 laborers about railroad
yard, SI 60 per day: pondman for logging
camp. {30; tallyman, same company, $30 and
board; 2 men to handle freight on bay
steamer., no exserience required. $45 and
found; 3 Carpenters, city, $3 per day; groom
for stock ranch, near city, $20 and found; 50
men for woods and mills at going wages,
fare advanced, and 100 others. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— PIain waiter for institution: $13.
board, lodging and washing. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— for restaurant in coun-
try, $20 and found and fare advanced; night
cook, $25. W. D, EWER & C 0.,610 Clay st.
WANTED Cook for camp; $60 and free fare:
no baking. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced grain piler for ware-
house in country; $2 per day and board and
fare paid. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged man as salesman for
produce store; $20 per month, with board and
lodging. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Alameda Co., 50 drivers, labor-
ers, plow holders, ncraver teamsters and
others: $1 15 and $1 25 per day and board.
W. D EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton Bt.— Cook for
officers' mess. J6O: second and third cook, $50,
$35; night dishwasher, 125; vegetableman, $25;
potwasher, $25; gardener, $25; laborers for
factory, •■!•■.; see our list. .
A JANITOR; $20 a mpnth and found. D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. : » \. -•> " ■ '
BARKEEPER, country hotel. $30. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st., room 12.
WIDE-AWAKE canvassers wanted to handle
an article that sells on sight. Apply to
BRITTON A HEY. 525 Commercial st.
CARPENTERS wanted— or 20 warehouse and
rough carpenters: state wages wanted. Ad-
dress box 1293. Call.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 763
Mission st.
GOOD barber wanted from 2 o'clock to 10:30
O'clock. 1511 Market St., bet. 11th and 12th.
WANTED— Barber; good wages. 1006 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 532 Third
street.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday or
steady. Call after 8 o'clock at 623 Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages
guaranteed. 131 Third st.
WANTED— good barbers and one boot-.
black; steady. 532 Keaniy st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1073 Market St.
BARBER for Saturday. 1091 Howard St.
BARBER for Saturday. 39 Third st. Wages
$2.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday at 302U
Fourth St.; wages.
BARBER wants steady job evenings, Saturday
and Sunday. Box 1280, Call office.
BARBERS— shop for sale; easy terms.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
PRESSER on ladies' tailor-made suits. M.
ROTHSCHILD, 334 Post St.
PRESSER on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO. (Inc.). 541 Market st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors. BOW-
HAY, .516 Sutter St. .:;.•,;;
. FIRST-CLASS general tailor; also bushelman.
NICKELSON & BERRY, Berkeley.
WANTED— A good cutter on suits. 518 Mar-
ket st ; tailor store.
MEN wanted nt 639 Bryant st.
WANTED— dishwasher. USA Ellis st.
GERMAN boy for printing office. Apply 535
California St., room 3. ; •'••■ ■ .-.
DISHWASHER wanted at 108 Hayes st.
WANTED— active young man as dish-
washer. Star Hotel, 1530 Kentucky st. ■■;;;
WANTED— Neatly dressed boy. E. POWELL,
107 Geary st.
'WANTED— 2 reliable cooks to take charge of
good restauT-' in Nevada: small capital re-
quired. Inquire W. .J. BELL, room 247.
Golden West Hotel, at 12 o'clock Friday and
Saturday.
TRAVELING salesman wanted,, to sell our
special line of dry goods, direct from our
mills to the retailers; liberal commission.
Address box 560, Philadelphia. Pa.
DYER and cleaner wanted at Model Steam Dye
Works. Address corner Mercer st. and West
I,ake aye., Seattle: none but the best need
apply.
CAKE-WALKING couples wanted. Apply at
the Olympia between 12 and 2; good compen-
sation.
BOYS from 14 to 18 years. Apply at 246 Sutter
Ft., room 14.
TEN men In city, long job, good pay; send
address on stamped envelope for reply. Box
1204. Call.
CARRIAGE painter wanted corner Twenty-
third and Bnrtlett st.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— 3 solicitors to work on wagon; also
man to act as wagon boss. 156 Fifth st.
MAN to do janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber School.' 13S Eighth st.
TAKE tare of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting, 25c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
500 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.: open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 604-506 Davis at.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup: $3
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for • 2-cent stamp. California
Orange «vrup '*■-> San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on graJ-
In for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION' CO. Apply at Tr.ickee
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Towni>«nd sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up; sole-
ing. 30c up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BAKHEHS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. .Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. '
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.; free shaving in students' department.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia nt HERMAN'S. 2>i Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lind"ll. nth and Howard: reard. rm.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms.. lac. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63H Market .-t.
TRY Acme House. K>7 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2"c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rocms. 25c night; reading room;' free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IB pages, sent to any nddr»!«!» In the
TTnited States, postpaid, for II uer year.
HORSES. LIVES STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; als" wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hors« ' rket.
*!7 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
200 HEAD fine dairy milch cows for pale. Ap-
ply at 241 Seventh St.. 8. F.
FANCY carriage, saddle nnd road horse* DAI,-
-7.1E1.. vi""'rlfnrr fi'Tittot W. C,ol on Onto 'V.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Good road horse about 5 years old;
1..'., hands high: 3 minute speed. Apply DR.
AEORN. 554 Sutter St. ' ' ■'•
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
R?~H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
28 rooms; rent $50; always full $730
47 rooms; cor. ; rent $75: snap; see It 1250
20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market 5t,... 450
36 ' rooms; half cost;'. snap.... 1000
$700—27 ROOMS; all rented; Market St.; cen-
tral; $400 cash; bal. time. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing, to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new buyers dally.
$XOO— SNAP; 24-room house: all rented: near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
FOR quick sale of your lodging house or furni-
ture or tc buy lodging houses cheap,' call
room 2. 1007 >4 Market st.. near Sixth.
$750— HOUSE. 17 rms., nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The .Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, (or mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of 10 rooms and bath, with large gar-
den and stable. 4 CollinßWOod.st.. near Sev-
enteenth and Castro.
HOWARD 2305. in Mission warm belt— House
of 9 rooms, bath, yard and basement; rent
reasonable to desirable parties.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
]0 Montgomery St. •
SUNNY house of 6 rooms and bath; west side
Washington St., near Larkin. . Key at 1621
■Washington st. . ■
TWO fine houses In splendid condition. 3336 and
3392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms. ,'
THREE-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable: 1529 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. , ROBIN
411*4 California st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, I.'. Grant.
HOUSES TO — Furnished.
BIRCH AYE., 5. off Lankln— 4 rooms and bath;
nicely furnished ■ ____^__^^______
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hofpital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment, $16 a week.' : '
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, «2. .
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Diamond of about 1% carats, on Friday
afternoon vicinity of Market St.; liberal re-
ward at Grand Hotel. GEORGE F. JOHN-
BON. ■
LOST— Engagement ring, from 16th, Valencia
to Noe. between 18th and 19th. Return to 520
Noe st. and receive reward.
LOST— A small silver watch with gold shield
on front with initials. Please return to 2227
Taylor st. and receive reward^
LOST— Small grip on Market-st. car line, Au-
gust 17. 9 p. m. Five dollars reward for its
return to W.'c,. ARFE, Palace Hotel.
LOST— GoId watch; initials M. S. S. Return
to 1011 Leavenvvorth St.; reward.
LOST.JuIy 23.— Black cocker spaniel pup, 2
months old. 1313 Larkin; reward.
LOST— Cat: Maltese; leather collar, two bells.
Return 3346 Washington St. ; reward $2 50.
EJ^^™___™™_
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases ; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A ' TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-.
nee, - $5 positively: no instruments used; safo
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers. helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladies' physician of
long and' successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.. 7 to 8 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female-
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aced should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere: they will
find In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every . comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
end confidential: home treatment, $5; no In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy" St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12.' 2 to 4 and 7 to. 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
fame day: no Instruments 1 ed; cure at of-
fice. $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
THE only place for ladies to consult In all
cases of female complaints; best male expert
physician: we guarantee absolute success at
once", no pain or after effects; we have never
a single failure; we treat by the latest scien-
tific methods; positively no instruments: self-
cure. $5, guaranteed; nice private home; sep-
arate rooms in confinement; best of care;
kind assistance fcr the unfortunate: price
reasonable. The Pacific Coast Sanitarium,
office 120 C Market st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints: private home
In confinement; every comfort: Infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention; in-
stant relief for travelers: all those who are
pick or discouraged should call: they will find
a true friend and adviser: consult free; self-
' cure. $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladles — C only Dr. find Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
i years' practice: safe and culck cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind svmr thy and eld'; sure relle?.
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.. baV.es adopted: travelers treatel: no de-
lay: pelf-cure sent: 'call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St..
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores In one day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, nractlce 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from, whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
falls to cure: consult him Irst. save time and
money: treatment can be used at home: con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 761-766 Clay st., San
Francisco: all diseases cured, exclusively .by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 8:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure: maternity home;
no Instruments: consultation free, confidential;
home treatment, ss. MRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SII \. 215% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
In trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
NICE private home to confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city: Infants adopted
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife; infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for Invalid. 621 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS £- CO.. druecists. <f(? Clay. sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 111S Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds*, watches, jewelry
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. "
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; rleasant sunny home
In confinement. ISfl Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
»a«" of *h° liiiman h^.iv 11."; Mntnn st.
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. T Mr-
INTOSH &WOLFMAN, Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BAKS, counters', showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL solitaire diamond lace pin; for-
mer price $65; to be sold now for $30. At
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. - -
FOR . sale— 25 horse-power engine and boiler
complete; now In use at Dvnniston's S. F.
Plating works, G."C. Mission st.
COW and calf for sale. 118- Thirteenth aye.
PURE distilled water Ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 163. Consumer:,'
ire Co.. 420 Eighth st.. S. F.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
FOR sale— 2 First-class tickets. to Omaha, Neb.
Address MARSHAL. 616 Ellis st.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separate
parts fu.-n. Dynamic Eng. Co.. 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
in. gas engine: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale
SAKKS— New and second hand THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect oixler:
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN. 645 Mission.
A— s3 I* DERBY and Fedora hats. $175". Popu-
lar, Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near' Pine.
FINE suit, $976; pants, $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfe. Co.. Stevenson st.
MEDICAL.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market «t.
ANOTHER fine typewriter cheap: get sample
of work. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
21 '-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WVNTUD— To rent small engine and cut.
saw; state rent. Address box 1297. Call.
WANTED— To hire, 100 flrst-class scraper team,
with harness and p*ad bars: long Job. E. B.
fTONK. Elmhur«t.
"money to loan.
ANT furniture, pianos without re-
moval or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
nay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire-avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you "win be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. U.O Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal- no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. ■ .___ ,
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm *._
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and lew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Ptorp Mfl Market ft. :■ telephone Main 1«44
ALT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRFr.r, 609 Examiner hide.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition DRYDEN. 41.1 Montgomery .
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, US McAllister «t.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOTTSLEV. 592 Parrott bdg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money >» H. MURPHY lan.MwrkPt at.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling .od upright pianos for 16
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
! west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
16 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices .owest; every-
thing possible do.c to please and satisfy the
customer. '
I BARGAINS! Bargains!— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market St.. and see another lot
; •good Standard uprights; very cheap for cash.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano tor you to buy:
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A • BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
BCHMTTZ). 16 "cAUlster. next Hlbarnla Bank.
A— sSs- UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
. the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
. A— UPRIGHTS. $09 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. 52 up (al'owed on sale). Heine. 13S Ellis.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
W Q. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A PRACTICALLY new Steinway Upright sac-
rificed. Room 12. Flood building.
KNABE pianos: ■•« scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, • zithers, old and new. H.
MTILLFR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— To Let.
EMMA SPR£CKELS BLDG.. 927 Market at.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone Included.
ASHTON A GARDINER. Room 210.
STORE and three living rooms and bath
at SW. cor. Scott and Ellis sts.
TO-LET— Office, first floor. 1032 Market St..
opp. Fifth.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
other business; $30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth st = . UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 California st.
FOR rent-Store. 831 <A Howard St.: Just the
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
& CO.. 11*! Montgomery st.
PALMISTRY. - ■
MME. NEERGA ARD, pupil of Count St, Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to Bp. m. : reading by mail. $L
PERSONALS.
TO Vaudeville Artists— Mr. Harry . Rickards,
proprietor and manager Tivoli Theater, Syd-
ney, Australia, will arrive in San Francisco
by the R. M. S. Alameda for a tour of the
United States, Canada. England and the con- j
tinent of Europe to book first -class artists for
his Australian theaters; none but first-.
artists with plenty of. changes of acts need
apply. Address HARRY RICKARDS, Gen-
eral Postoffice, San Francisco. , -, .V-zj
WANTED— Jnformation of MISS CHRISTINA
GILLIGAN of Galway; went to Australia
about 9 years ago; afterward to America. Any
one will oblige by communicating about her
with H. DACUS, Esq..- Galway, Ireland..
RUPTURE, piles- cured: examination free.
DRS. MANSFIELD & PORTERFIELD. 573
Market st. ■ '
TO Invalids— afflicted with kidney, blad-
der and stomach troubles: There is a well of
pure living water in the city of Oakland that
is good for these troubles; any parties who
desire to use this water can rent a' nice sunny
cottage of six rooms and bath for a reason-
able price with the free use of this water;
try It. Box 84S. Call office. Oakland.
MARY— I get my handsome cape at the Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton st . near Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in
that line on easy payments.
WANTED to know the address of WILLIAM
STEWART, who enlisted at Governor's
Island in June or July,' and who passed
through Cincinnati on his way to San Fran-
cisco between the Sth and 24th of July. 1899.
Important. MARIE STUART, College Hill,
Cincinnati. Ohio.
LEDERER'-S Quintonica does not dye. the hair,
but- freshens and cleanses It: Sac bottle: see
display in window this week. LEDERER'S
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S artistic hair artists make coif-
fures an art Study; charges only 25c: switches
$1 up; hair rolls reduced. Lederer. 123 Stockton.
JOHN L. BOONS, ■ Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San- Francisco Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
I Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to fl 50 per night; SI 50 to Jfi per week;
I free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T. BRILLIANT! 338-310 Post st.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor- ■
made suits, etc., en very easy payments. •
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest:
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
KINS. 995 Market st., office 2.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. '
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 10'J Elm aye. ;
office at Hors» Hospital. 510 Golden Gate.
JAMES A. SORENSEN. watchmaker and jew-
eler,, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI, 313 Sutter at.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine.ab. Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte
Jeweler. 24? O'Farrell. bet. Powell A -Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE •GRUVER, free treatment
. a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market st., nxm 6.
D IL.S 1 S- O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.PROPERTY WAJTED.
r.MK of flats wanted; $3500. GEO. W. CHAP-
IX. 11 Montgomery St. ,
REAL ESTATES CITY — Fop Snle.
PEREMPTORY!!
AUCTION SALE!'.!
AUCTION SALE..!
TUESDAY. AUGUST 22d. 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesroom of
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S-220 MONTGOMERY ST..
MIL!..- BUILDING.
KEARNY STREET
INCOME PROPERTY..
SCOTT HOUSE, southwest corner
Kearny and Pacific sts. and Montgomery ay?. ;
Fubftantial three-st'iry nnd basement brick
building, Nos. 923 to 931 Kearny Bt., Nos. 125 to
131 Montgomery av< Nos. 613 to 617 Pacific
Ft.: nine stores and 100 moms above; property
has a frontage of over 211 feet by a depth of.
107 feet 11 Inches and 137 feet 6 Inches; let in-
come in ISW was $10,209 41; present monthly
rental. $970.
BUSINESS CORNER.
GREEN AND nri'ONT STS.
NORTHWEST CORNER. Nos. 1401 to 1407
Dupont st.: two stores and its above; rented
to one tenant for $70 monthly; lot 29 feet 4*,
inches on Green bt.. by 57 leet 8 inches on
l'upont st.
BROADWAY COTTAGE.
No. fU"C Broadway, north side, 95 feet *>an cf ■
Taylor et.: cozy cottage of C rooms and oath;
framl view of city and bay; rents $17 .V); lot :
i"2 I tx62' i feet, and extra lot 2 by 23% feet.
SHAINWALD. UUOKHEE & CO..
Auctioneers, 21S-220 Montgomery St., Mills bids.
I
|
MEDIUM-CLASS modern roomine-housp. tf>
contain about 120 rooms, with batlis. electric
lights and bells «nd all late lmr ovements.
will be erected in a central locnrion in thin
city for lease on moderate terms: plans and
sp^riflratiT.s at m:r office. ; '.WIDSON &
LEIGH, 30- Montgomery ?t.
HOUSE and lot for sale— A nearly new 4-room
cottage; hrlrlt foundation: 1 Mocic Irom elec-
tric car: price $7t',5: mortKHt;e of JCO can be
transferred. Inquire at 12v* Howard st.
NEW HOMES .'..". . . . ~~7~~.
Five. 8, ;. 9 and V) r oni houses, finished ;
with all modern conveniences, frontlnx on
Waller, Pierce and Pr.mrose sts., from J3lOO
to 14500; terms to sir', purchaser. F. NEL- ,
SON. Builder. ___^^__
HI-; AI, ESTATE — ( Mill — For Sale
FOR sale chrap-1 -acre rtfnch; .".-room cottage:
large stable; n:.ll and tank: water runs
through -the' pMce year around; -h< :i houses
and yards for 300 hens: 3 acres of large and «
■mall fru.t. • >\vi:.-r 2.12'"* Fil'morc «t. ■
RI>TVI HAM v.
ERI ELD'S restaurant, coffee and lc«
cream r Jrlor. 103.~- Market St.: popular prices.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEUPIKG.
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449 (Ashbury Heights)—
S!x elcsant furnished rooms, with stable.
CLEMENTINA, 707. cor. Eighth- 1 large house- ,
keeping room; stove, laundry and bath; $7. j
EDDY. ' Sunny furnished room and kitchen
complete fof housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353— 2 furnished housekeeping, $12; sin-
gle, i~> to ■: alpo store ■■■■ ■■■ rooms.
FI'LTON. 121VJ— 2 sunny front furnished rooms; \
range: water; large yard; rent $10.
FI'LTON. 21S, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished I
fiat. 3 rms.. gas range, .bath: also others.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath; i
tci'.et: gas; yard; basement.
i;"I.PEN GATE aye.. 331— Nicely furnished
ronns for ■keeping; running water; pri-
vate family; $14.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404—2 lovely front
bedrooms, with kitchen; complete; private
family; cheap. ]
HI'"KORY. aye.. 181 — 3 large front furnished!
housekeeping rooms.
HOWARI.I. 761V&— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; kitchen; man and wife; others; reason-
able. .
UPWARD, S22— Rooms, complete for pg., $2
wpvk: suites. J2 SO week: unfurnished i-hoap.
H"\VARD. 1130', — Sunny bay-window suite,
newly furnished, lielit hskng. : othfr rooms.
IVAN HOP:. 1002 Folk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
fuany; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ret.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor— Four unfurnished sunny
rooms; Kas: bay-window, $I.'; two rocms, $3.
MINNA. 371 — Large sunny basement room;
American family; water, stove, closets.
MISSION. 94 r »-3 nicely furnished basement
housekeeping rooms.
OAK, 54— Elegant housekeeping rooms; gas and
bath.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
hiehest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.IoGrant.
POWELL. 710— Completely turn 1 shed suite of 3
sunny connecting housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water; bath.
BIXTH. 420- Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
parlor suite, double and single rooms.
fHOTWELL. 217—2. 3 or 4 sunny connecting
room?, complete for housekeeping; gas; bath.
FT. JAMES. Laguna and ■ • — Choicest,
runniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
PUTTER, 1111. nr. Comfortably turn,
single rultes: also hskpg. : terms reasonable
TAYLOR, 407— Two furnished rooms and bath
for housekeeping.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping ms; $1 25 and
»1 50.
VALENCIA. 13W— Furnished parlor and kitchen;
bath ;_, very cheap.
VAN NESS aye.' 400 — Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath; other rooms.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The' Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — I urn. and (nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14* Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AUUUTSFOR.D (The), cor. Broadway and Polls
tjuiet and homelike: rooms bright and Bunny,
single, suite; charges derate: cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Hpmelike use: modern service: elevator;
bath. rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, tit 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rm«.,
16c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping. i
AT bt Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to S3 per week.
AT 89 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat- :
ed, eunny front bay-window raw.; transient.
BROADWAY, 1434, near Polk et.— Sunny un-
• furriished rooms.
BURNETT, 1428" Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; p.lso > unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1106 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn. rms. &■ offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rocms. from $1 M a week up.
EDDY, 614— Small sunny rooms, clean and
quiet, bath, gas, private family: $6 and 1%.
FRANKLIN, 215, near Hayes— sunny furnished
bay-window room: bath; $7.
FERNWELL House,47 Post— New management:
all rms refurnished; suites and single; baths.
FOLSOM, 770^4— Neatly furnished room to let
heap; convenient.
FOURTH (Palm House)— First-clas* sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single. $1 25 up.
GEARY, 14A— Good rooms, with clean beds,
running water; $1 25 per week on, *
GEARY. 102- Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites, $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEARY. 403 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEAKY. 4SO. near Taylor— Large neatly fur-
nished; suitable for 2 gentlemen; other rms.
GEARY. 622. near Jones— Large sunny bay-
window room: hot. cold water; gas; other rms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE, cor Seventh and
Mission £ts— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House-. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; SI 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 313 Batter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny eultes. single rms.: elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. «29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping und transient.
LARKIN So4— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished ; yard; $•. double room fur.. $7.
LEAVENWORTH. 1121, nr. Sacramento— Nicely
furnished alcove front room; also others.
MCALLISTER. 405— Nice unfurnished rooms, (4
to $6; also furnished r oms and flat.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, II per week; transient.
MARKET. 1025, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MISSION. 1210 bet. Bth and 9th— Suite of very
beautifully furnished rooms; 3 cars within a
block; visitors solicited; private.
NATOMA. 450— Sunny front room suitable for
l or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, rr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single, J5 up; also hskpg.
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. and I'nfnrn.
NINETEENTH. 3421. n.^ar Misslon-N'lce sunny
furnished bay-window room; mar to all street
cars.
O'FARKELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
elevator: electric 11-hts; day. wk.. mo.
O'FAKKKI.L. ::?: sine-ie rooms, \voll~furnl7hedU
, r month.
POST, 822— Elegantly furnished sunny suite;
•too sinnle rooms. Miss A. CALHOUN.
POWELL, 612 A —Large sunny front rooms; new
Bat, newljf fnrntehed; suitable for gentlemen.
ROYAL House, 12« Elils st.— lncandescent
llKht. reading room. smoking room and I
ladles' parlor; rooms, per nfeht, 35c to $1 50; J
week, 12 to $S; m. nth. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold vat. ; baths
.SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth it.,
roai Market- Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33, nr Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
eant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SEVENTH, 262 Nicely furnished (runny rooms,
sint.s nr s::igle; rent reasonable.
STO< KTON. •"' -Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
near California and Powell Nt. cars.
TENTH. 123, near Market Large sunny front
rms.; also small rm.; from 13 mo. up; hskpg.
THE <>aks. I' 9 Third— A good rooming h use
for pood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TH! «. 'liver, ;<65 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rr b., gultes and single; Rfts: bath; new marirt.
THIRD. 106'j. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
funny rooms. *1 25 to SS.
ROOMS AVANTKD.
WANTED ? unfurnished v- ms north of M.it-
U- t M.. .".st ■ f T.r.rkin. T...X I2f»f». <'all.
SBWIHG HACKXIfBS AM) St I'I'LIES.
J2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kis-.ds bought, sold, exchanced. rented; re-
rnlrins Bt lowest rntes 20.' Fourth St.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
PILES PETER FKKll.ixr.p pile salve, Ji
per box; w irranted to cure ;>li eases of bleed-
ing, itching, • >.;• ::r.il. Internal or prutruding
fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1»"2< Devlsadero st.. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
Tainting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., <1B Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news t r ."■ cents The Weekly Call,
In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, I 1) pae-'*. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
l■• : lid.
SPIRITI AI.IS.M.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance teat medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 23! Stockton.
STORAGE: AM) WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, K. BMITH. prop.,
71!2 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main B7M.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, • and 9 rooms and bath each: flrstclass
neighborhood; near school, and stations.; street
work all complete; from S3OCO to $4000: only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains: cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 5(ix150; 5200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station. .
$2500— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street:
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3.'.fifl; any terms; same as rent.
HBoo— Lot 40x207:6: fine, new. modern 6-room
cottage: near High School and station; $500 cash
and ?-5 per month.
$10(i0— Lot 25x125: cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4xlO«: with a fine modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden: Street
work all done; near s«ation and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month.
$2550— 5500 rash, balance $25 per month; ■ lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250 -$»00 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40xl."ft: elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton st.. near Morton-«t. sta-
tion: best bargain In Alameda; elegant resi-
dences, on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
1432 Park st., Alameda.
ELEGANT NW. cor.: 50x150; B-roora house;
Chr.nnut-st. station $3500
NW. cor. 60x150, on Santa Clara aye; new S-
room house $3500
37:6x150, with 7-room house, on Grand 5t..53200
33x100; nice 5-room cottage; • Chestnut -st
station $2250
40x125; cottage f> rooms and bath; Willow
Ht at ion $2000
35x125: cottage 6 rooms: Grand-st. station. sl4oo
Th.- above can be bought on terms to suit:
bargains in all parts of Alameda; office open
Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda,
and IS Post St.. San Francisco.
J9CO WILL buy a cottage of 4 large rooms.
front porch and basement; lot 35x110; street
work and sidewalk; choice location, west end.
J3ICO will build new first-class cottage of «
rooms and both; lot 50x150; N. side San An-
tonio av..nr.Chestnut. J. lI. YOUNG. 1248 Park.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 8 rooms;
lots 50x150: easy terms. Apply 151S Mozart
Bt., Mastick Ftatlon.
SNAP— New House, % rooms and bath: lot 50x
160: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapla.
CHEAPEST and test in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
United Staffs, postpaid, for ?! per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladle* In delicate health; large
pv ur-rffi: nrivnte MRS. DR. FT'VKF 1411 <th
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
RARE opportunity to get a good home cheap;
story and a half house; 5 rooms, bath, pan-
try, folding doors, mantel, brick foundation;
good well of water, barn for 2 horses; chicken
houses; lot 3."x135: price 11150; only $100 cash,
balance $>12 monthly; close to railroad station,
• ■ trie cars, churonea and stores: unsur-
passed marine view; take Berkeley train, get
off at I/orin station, ask for RUDOLPH &
PERK office open Sundays and evenings.
$750; 4-ROOM cottage: lot 25x120; good well and
pump; R minutes' walk from Ix>rln station;
$ICO down, balance In installments. c. NAM-
ANNY, Lortn station.
HILLEOASS TRACT.
WITHIN f. MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
I MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County. . r
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
.' Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
JUST been foreclosed: a fine 7-room house; all
latest improvements: large lot: fruit trees,
figs, olives, plums, etc.; 2 blocks from sta-
tion: 1 block from electric; 7 minutes from
university. Apply JOSEPH J. MASON, Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— Large, new house, 1 block to local; $1260
cash, balance to suit; see It. WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, Oakland.
$10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED house; 6 rooms; gas and coal
ranges: rent low. Address 1463 Twenty-third
aye.. East Oakland. ■
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY bay-window suite; kitchen, front
housekeeping suites; -also unfurnished. 715
Eighth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No M (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic " Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after Fri-
day, September 1. 1899. Transfer books will
dote on Saturday, August 26, .1893, .at 12
O'clock m. E..H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 70 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday. August 21. 1599.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Au-
cust 15. 1&99, at 3 ■ o'clock p. m.
E. H. ' SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1899.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Kstate of PATRICK ,
KERVIN (deceased). Notice is hereby Riven
by the undersigned, Union Trust Company Of
San Francisco (a corporation), executor of
the estate of PATRICK KERVIN ./deceased), j
to the creditors of and all persons having j
claims against the said deceased, to exhibit
them with the necessary vouchers, within ten i
(10) months after the first publication of this '
notice, to the said Union Trust Company,
executor, at its office, 2 Montgomery St., the
same being its place for the transaction of
the business of the said estate in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali- j
fornia.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO, executor of the estate or PATRICK
KERWIN (deceased). \ : ■
Dated at San Francisco, August. 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Samuel Black and mella Adler 40-26
William G. Daly and Rose A. Norton 26-19
Patrick J. Blake and Mabel Flenner 29-23
J. B.- Luyber and Ulkalina Krestoffersen. .26-27
C. P. Malcolm and Emma G. Present 47-25
F. H. Hubert and Katherine Schrieber.. .43- 10 !
I Charles C. Caronte and Kntherine B. Peck. 22-22 ,
John Pallas and Mamie Mulcahy 29-19 ■
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not he inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices ■ and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HOURIGAN— Sacramento. August 15. 1899, to
the wife of John J. Hourizan. a daughter.
HYLAND— In this city. August 14, 1899, to the
wife of .1. lly'and (nee Phillips), a daughter.
SCHNEIDER— In this city. August 16, 1899. to
the wife of C. Schneider, a son.
BELLMAN In this city, August S, 1599, to the
wife of Jean E. Sellman. a daughter.
TUBB In this city. August 16. 1599. to the wife |
of William H. Tubb Jr.. a daughter.
WILSON In this city. August it. 1939, to the
if- of M. Wilson, a son. . • :
MARRIED.
1 HALD— WREATH— By the Rev. Dr. Nelander.
Niels H. Hald of Point Montara United
States Fog-signal Station and Helmi Wreath
of San Francisco. ■ _^^
______
DIED.
Allman, John H. Habich. Mary
D'Autreuil, Georges Hanson, Hans A.
Douglas, Alfred H. Hanson, Sophia
Drexler, Lomls P. Hickey, Patrick
Doty, George McDowell. Alma
Ebert, Mrs. Louise Martin. J. West
Emerlc, Harry F. Murphy. Margaret
Knrlght. Annie Schausten. Robert
Franey. James E. Smith, Rachel
Glhon. Thomas Stahl, Louis
GiHigan, Mary
ALLMAN-In this city, August 14. ISD9. John
H. Allman, .l native of California, aced 43
years. *
■ D'AUTREUIL— In the City and County Hospi-
i tal. August 17. 1899, Georges d'Autrtuil. a na-
tive cf Canada, aged 62 years.
DOT'S In the City and County Hospital.
August 17. I*"*'. George Doty, a native of
Canada, aged 62 years.
DOUGLAS— this city. August IS, 1199. Alfred
ll' my. husband of Mary E. Douglas,
: and father of Mrs. Ralph E. Cummlngs. Mrs.
Gay Lombard and Lillian and Percy Bholto
Douglas, a native of London, England, aged
62 years and 4 months. •
DREXLER— In this city. August 17, 1599. Lomls
P. Drexler. a native of Charleston, West
Virginia, aged 63 years. ■""--;
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1603 Van Ness avenue. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
EBERT— In this city. August 1«. 1899. Mrs.
. Louise Ebert. beloved daughter of F. C. and
M. F. Nowell. a native of New York, aged
32 years ami 10 months.
tTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at l 1 ' o'clock, from the parlors of
James fiagan, 445 Valencia street. Inter-
' ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EMERIC-ln San Pablo. Cal.. August 15. 1899,
Harry F. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Emerie. a native of New York City, N. V.,
i aged SO years 6 months and 29 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from 223 ; Sutter
street, under the auspices of San Francisco
I-rOdpo No. 3. B. P. O. E.
ENRIGHT-In this city, August l<;. 1899, Annie
Enright, a native of Kansas, aged 33 years,
CT Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Mctzler. 836 Washington street.
FRANEY— In this city, August 17. IS??, James
E. Franey, a native of County Mayo, Ire-
land. aged 27 years.
B7Remains at the parlors of th» Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street
GIHON— In this city. August 17. 1899. Thomas,
husband of Lydtn Gihon, and father of George
H. Glhon, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 6y
years and 7 months.
IT?" Friend- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this' day (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at. the
Chapel of the Good Samaritan. Second street,
between Folyom and Howard streets. Inter-
-1 ment private.
GILLIGAN— In this city, August 17. 1899, Mary
Gllligan. a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years.
■ HABICH— In this city, August 17. 1899. Mary
Habich, beloved mother of Harry Habich,
»nd grandmother of Mrs. .1 F. Seeges, a na-
tive of Germany, aged &8 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted 4 Co., 948 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetetry.
HANSEN- In this city. August 1". 1899, Hans
Adolph. dearly beloved husband of Sophia
Hansen, and uncle of William and John
Kranhcnhoft. a native of Schleswig-Holstein,
; Germany. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27,
a O. U. W.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at l o'clock, from the parlors of
the Ga"ntn«r & Gunt* Undertaking Company.
- and i" City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
1 HANSEN— In this city. August 16. 1899, Sophia,
I dearly beloved wife of the late Hans Adoiph
Hansen. and beloved Bister of Mrs. Fanny
Hamersehlog of New York and Mrs. Carrie
Simon/ a native of Germany.
(Tv r Fri''nd« and acquaintances :rre respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Gunta Undertaking Company,
I and 1" City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HICKET In this city. August IS. 1599. Pat-
rick Mickey, a native of Ireland, aged 7.")
years.
McDOWELL-lh this city. August 18. 1899,
Alma, beloved wife of Thomas McDowell, a
native of Denmark, aged 36 years.
MARTIN— In Oakland, August IS, 1899, J. West
Martin, a native of Hagerstown, Md., aged 77
years 6 months and 12 days.
C rFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at st.
John's Episcopal Church, corner Eighth and
Grove streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, under the auspices of Uni-
versity Lodge No. 144. I. O. O. F.
i MURPHY— In this city, August 16. 1599, Mar-
garet Murphy (nee Chambers), beloved wife
of Timothy Murphy, and mother of Gertrude.
May. Theresa, Joseph, Thomas and Daniel
Murphy and Mrs. C. R. Peters, a native of
Kilrush, . County Claire, Ireland, aged 62
years. "V - •
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 17 Pearl street, between Valencia and
Guerrero, thence to St. Joseph's. Church.
Tenth street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary' Cemetery.
SCHAUSTEN— In this city, August 17, 1899,
Robert Schausten, a native of Thrier, 'Ger-
many, aged 60 years.
(C7" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eirhth.
SMITH— In this city, August IS. 1899, Rachel,
beloved wife of William Smith, mother of
Sadie, Benedict, ftirdle, Walter and Arthur
Smith, daughter of George and Mary. Ruben,
and sister Of Frances, Moses and Joseph Ru-
ben, a native of San Francisco, aged 42
. years. i'l: -'•■:■ :
l'rii nd« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow i Sunday i. at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, ll^' : Fell street, near Scott. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock ' train- from Third and Townscnd.
streets.
STAHL— In Cazadero, Cal., August 17, 1599,
Louis Stahl, a native of Germany, ■ aged 42
years.
ITT" Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to aT^nd the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 oc\ck. from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln ■
Telephone South 80-
New Commercial Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Western
Commercial Company were filed yester-
day. The company will carry on a general
shipping business--. The capital stock is
$500,000, of which $300,000 has been sub-
scribed. The directors and subscribers are
Harry J. Hart, "William P. l^ewis. Edwin
j F. Cooper. Alfred G. Henderson and Syl-
| vian J. Lazarus.
■ o ■
Temple Emanu-El Services. ? ■■
Rnbbi Voorsanger will- preach on "Re-
current Fallacies" In Temple Emanu-El
this morning. Services, will begin at 10
o'clock. The public is invited
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD
THE rfal estate market continues quiet, I
and while brokers generally are con- j
iident of an early revival of the activ
ity which gladdened their hearts dur- j
ing the spring months, they candidly ad- |
mit that the market is dull, very dull.
The largest transaction of the week, and
in fact the only one of big proportions,
was the sale of the Yon Shroder property,
consisting of a four-siory frarn,- building,
occupied by stores and a lodging-house. <>n
Sixth street, between Mission and How
ard. The sale was made through Madison
& Burke. The name of the buyer is not
given.
Activity in business circles is more pro
nounced.'although by no means abnormal.
A number of fine business structures are
going up. but no new ones of unusu il di
mensions are projected so far as is known.
In the Bix-Btory building to be erected
for Leon Kauffman on the south- j
west corner of OFarrell street and Carlos
place granite will be used on the ground
floor but the main exterior will be of
nr< ssed 1 rick of a light color. The interior
! finish will be all in natural woods, while
| the vestibule of the entrance on O'Fatnli
street will be in marble and onyx. The
cost of the building will be at least 175,000.
Robert N. Carson has bought of Percy
and Emllie Beamish the vacant lot 36x106
feet on the east line of Van Ness avenue,
::2'6 feet north of Lombard street, for
' $:"t250. Mr. Carson will erect an $8000 resl
■ deuce on the site.
i Baldwin & Howell have gold during the
: week four lots in the Albert Meyer tract ■
which is bounded by H and I streets and
Fi"hU-enth and Nineteenth avenues, the
aggregate being $4000. The work of laying
water mains tnrough the tract was com
menced yesterday and will be pushed to
i completion Ninf teenth avenue is the only I
avenue south of the park that will connect i
with the Ocean House road. It is now]
being grad-d between J and L streets,
i nd the city which owns some school -1 its i
in that locality, has given a contract to |
the City improvement Company lo grade |
the avenue through its property, it is |
expected that Superintendent Macl/iren
of Golden Gate Park will open the Nine
teenth avenue entrance to the park be-
f or-' long.
Following is a list of recent transac
tions in the Richmond district:
Jane Cassidy to Annie •'. Weigner, lot
on west line of Tenth avenue, ]2Ti fet-t
' north of Point Lobos avenue, 25x100 feet,!
gift; John Hinkel and wife to James L.
■ Wilson, lot 25x150 feet, on west line of
: Twenty-fifth avenue, :!•>:> feet south of
Clement street; estate of John Wells, de
ceased, to William H. Ash, lot AMx2OO
feet, "ii northwest corner of First avenue
and C street; also lot of irregular size on
I north line of Kir ; avenue. l.Vi feet south-,
east of D street. Willard V. Huntington
t" May V. Hlmmelmann, lot .%«ixl2A feet, on
west "lino of Sixteenth avenue, 2^< feet
'north of I< street; A. and J. Lobe to
Achille Roos, Lit ■-'.'■.Xl2O feet, on east line
of Thirteenth avenue, 250 feet north of
I California street.
i The estate of George H. Roe, deceased,
lins sold to Charles H. and Marie J.
Gagan the lot, 17:6x127:8% feet, and im- .
provements, on the north line of Wash
ington street, 227:6 feet east of Spruce i
street, for $8075
W. J. Bryan has bought of E. McGary
'and wife ;, strip 10% Inches by 160 feet, on
the southeast lini of Mission street. 412:6
feet southwesi of Fourth street, tor
$2800, tn protect the party wall of his j
building on that M'l<\ and has an agree- !
ment with Oscar Fobs as to the party
wall "ti tl!> northeast side of the lot.
Joseph I- Hess and wife have bought
of Merton S. Price the lot and two-story
building "ii the northwesi corner of '.
: Buchanan and Sutter Btreets, 30x137:6 teet;
1 terma prl^ ate.
Julian Smith and wife have sold to
Hugh Mcfrum the property on the north ;
■ line of California street. S2:'? feet west ■
of Devlsadero street, lot 27:6x53:1 feet;
terms private.
Arthur B. and Lydia B. Fisk have pur- I
chased from Charles o. Nagle the lot,
SSxBS feet, and old improvements, on the
southeast line of Howard street. 145 feet;
I southwest of Eighth street; terms private. '
a meeting of the property owners on
Golden Gate avenue will be h.ld some
time this week to take Steps to have the,
grade of tho avenue cut down fifteen feel
between Jnn<*s and Hyde .streets. When :
i this is done Golden Gate avenue will be
practically level from Market street to
Fill more.
Seventeen building contracts aggre- |
, gating $96,785 wer.' rileri for record during
the week. C. M. Depew has contracted
Ito erect three residences on the eouth
wesl corner of Pacin<- avenue and Gough
street for R Spreckela for $l;"i.3'V». t ... . n
Kauffman has entered into a contract
With Thomas Butler by the terms of
which th>- latter agrees to erect a six
story brick building on the south line of
CFarrell street, 137:6 fee< east of Mason,
for 119,000. Clinton .i"n<-s has entered into
; a contract with Edward T. Lelter to build
la two-story brick residence on the west I
line oTjDevisadero street. f>t\S feel north
of Pacific uvenue, lor $14,887. Joseph H
Sisson let a contract to Charles M. De
pew to build a two-story, basement and
attj.- residence on the west line of Buch
anan street. 77:8 feet south of Washing
ton street, for $9000. Mrs. Mary Hyman
■ let a contract to < '. M. Lindsay to erect
two two-story frame buildings on the
north line of rOllis street, iw fe.'t east of
Laguna street, forsß66o. William J. Bryan
lei a contract to l^. A. S>'<-<.r and c. F.
Johnson to erect a'three-story and base-'
ment brick btillding on the southeast line ;
of Mission street, 387:fl feel northeast of
i Fifth street, for $8848. Mattie Boyd let \
■ contract to William McDonald to erect a
j frame building on the southeast corner
of Pine and Lyon Btreets for $5640. h. F.
Smith contracted with Fred Miller for!
■ the erection of a two-story frame build
ing, to contain two flats, on the west line ■
of Folsom street, 198 feet south of Twen
't\ -first street, for $r,:!01. The other con- '
tracts of the week ranged in value from
$873 to $.'inso.
L. M. King, superintendent of the Mer
chants' Association, has made thr follow
ing representations to his association for
obtaining and maintaining a better stir- ;
face for. our streets in San Francisco as
a result of investigations of methods in
successful use In the East:
First— Admit asphalt, vitrified brick
and asphalted wood block pavement
und^r proper specifications and guar
antees In free competition with pres
ent j'.:\ ' merits.
Record— Change the spociflcnt lons
for bituminous rock paving so as to
require the use of a binder, and also
that the pavement shall bo rolled
while hot with steam rollers or the
proper weight to thoroughly compress
the pavement and insist upon 10-ypar
guarantees.
Third — Require that all business
streets when repaved with basalt
blocks shall have the blocks laid on
a concrete foundation and shall be
grouted with gravel and asphaltic
cement.
Fourth— Arrange if possible so that
all pavements shall be guaranteed for i
ten yfars with good surety bonds.
Fifth— That the work of repairing
the 1 asalt block find cobble streets
shall Im done systematically by divid
ing tho city into districts and keeping
men continually at work in each dis
trict and holding them responsible for I
the condition of thoir districts.
Sixth— That, as is provided in the
new charter, the city itself undertake
the work of making repairs over j
trenches in the pavement made by
corporations and plumbers. This can
be done by fixing a scale of charges
and doing the work by day labor, or
by letting a contract to some one
party for a year, to make all such re
pairs at the prices bid. In either case
the party cutting the pavement should
deposit the cost of repairs in advance.
Loans on real estate for the week end- I
ing Aupust 12 aggregate $175,280, against
$163 ,£65 for the previous week. The j
amouat loaned on city real estate dur
ing the week was the -largest for any slm- j
liar oeriod since March. The loans of the I
savings banks amounted to $.'i07.250 and
were as follows: Hibernla, $,">09,250; Ger
man $20,900; San Francisco Savings
Vnion $10,000; Savings and Loan, $3600;
Humbol.lt. $4UW; Security. $4000; Mutual.
$2000"; French. $4000; Columbus, 5J7.500; and ]
Union Tiust. $1500. The loans of the build
ing associations amounted to $stNiO and
those of private capitalists and othirs
! footed up $73,000. Of the aggregate of
I $476,280 leaned $311.750 was put out at 8
I per cent and $4000 at 6> 2 per crnt. The re- j
mainder was at rates as high as 8 per '
cent. Among the Hibernia B*nk loans
was one of $240,000 to Ferdinand E. Hes
-1 thall at 6 per cent for one year on twen- !
ty-three pieces of city property. Other
loans ol the Hlberma Bank at « per cent i
included four of $14,000. $12,600. $12,000 and j
f $10 000, respectively. The German Savings,
made one loan of $10,500 at 7 per cent. The
other loans by that bank were at the
I same rate. The loan by the Mutual was
at 6 per cent and that by the Security at
6 1 *.. The rate for the $10,000 loan by the
San Francisco Savings Union is not
Stated nor is that of the $37,500 by the Co
lumbus. There was a private loan of $12.
--500 at S per cent The Pacific Mutual Life
Insurance Company put out a loan of $10.
--000 on Presidio Heights property. The
Germanls Trust Company made four
small leans aggregating $2500 at 7 per cent.
The I'nion Trust Company made a recon
veyance of $150,000 tn Alvinza Haywani
anil wife. Releases last week were $259.
--420. against $275,580 for the previous week.
According to the figures compiled hy
Auditor Wells thp total vaVue of all real
estate in San Francisco Is $189,215,060, and |
the total value of all improvements there
on $96,090,320, making the total value of
real estate and improvements in the city
and county $285,395,370.
The value of all real property in Marin
County, according to the Assessor's fig
ures, fs $11,409,054, divided as follows: San
Rafael, $2,501,510; country real estate, $7,
--742.294. The number of acres of land as-
Bessed is 32H.441 and the value of improve
ments fs $1,103,120; on city and town lots
the value of improvements is $1,542,240.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph Shoop to Peter and Mary Mannix, lot
on \V line of Masonic avenue, 125 S of Point
Lobos avenue. 8 25 by W 144:7; $10.
Harriet S. Mcßlroy to Amelia Wilcox, lot on
N line of Green street. 137:6 E of Cough, X 39:3,
NE 144, W 84:4 V». 8 137:6: Rift.
Warner O. and Abble W. Alden Crandall to
Oscar Fose. lot on N\V corner of Geary and
Gough streets, N 27:6 by W 11": $10.
Sarah Kahn (by R. I. W.Man, Sheriff) to
Alexander Heynemann. lot on E line of Fill
more street, 50 N of Jackson, X 50 by E 112;
$500.
Georgina C. Ord Holladay (wife of S. W.) to
Emma C. Wagner lot on S line of Lombard
street. 247:6 \V of Fillmore, W 27:6 by S 60.
quitclaim deed; IS.
Emma C. Wagner to Amalie Meyer, same; $5.
Estate of Wlllam Wagner (minor) by Emma
C. Wagner (guardian) to same, undivided M of
same; {400.
Jacob and Marie Ahlbach (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Hibernla Savings and Loan ,
Society, lot on NW line of Folsom street, 53:3
SW of Eleventh, NW 100 by SW 2S:4H; $2500.
Annie M.. Mabel A. or Annie M. and Harry
S. Thompson to Mary A. Harrower, lot on NW
corner of Nineteenth and Lapidge streets, W
30 by N 100; $3891. . ,
Carrie and John .1. Thomson (minors, by
Annie M. Thomson, guardian) to same, same;
$2334.
Teresa Casserly to San Francisco Savings
Union, lot on- NW line of Brannan street, 510
SW of Third, SW 20 by NW 80, quitclaim
deed; $1. .
San Francisco Savings Union to Alice A.
Armstrong (wife of B. C), same; $1200.
Calvin S. and Clara 11. Kelley and Ferdinand
Reis Jr. to Christian Reis, lot on E line of
Tennessee street, 125 N of Solano, N 4"> by E
100; $1725.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to James M. Cor
dray. lot on B line of Thirty-eighth avenue,
230 S of L Street, S 50 by E 120; $200.
. John F. Utter to M. J. and Annie Koehane,
lot ISO. Gift Map 3: $100.
Sarah F. Lang to John and Euphrosln Bather,
lot on SW line of Nineteenth avenue, 225 NW
of X street, NW 75 by SW 100, block 387, South
San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Adolph T. Hagen
kamv>, lot on E line of Corbet road, 71. S of
Copper alley, S 13 deg. 24'min. \V 25.2. N 56 deg.
15 mm. E 50. 7. N"22 dee. 24 mln. W 26.4, 556
deg. 47 mln. W S.V4. lot 15, block 17, Jacob
Heyman's subdlvlsiens; $710.
Henry T. BrtUlß to John G. Hasshagen, lot on
NE corner of Canal and Craut streets. N' >
by E 103, lot 2. block 5. College Homestead;
also lot on NW corner of Wayland and lon
streets, W 240 by N 100. lots 4 and 5. block 159,
University Extension Homestead Association;
»0.
J. H. and Bertha Lytgens to Julius Wintzer,
lot 46, block V, Park Lane Tract No. 2; $10.
Alameda County.
W. W. Martin to Maria E. Martin (wife of
C. 8.), lot on W line of Louise street. 475 N of
B street. N 2."> by W 133, being subdivision D
of lot 8. block 79S 1 . Watts Tract, Map 2. Oak
land; $10.
Maria E. and C. B. Martin to Elma C. Syl
vanus C. Eugene M. and Elma C. Farnham,
same, Oakland; $10.
Samuel V. and Emily' Nichols to Ella Nich
ols, lot on S line of Dwight way, 337:7 E of
Dana street, E 41 by S 134:6, being lot 1, block
I, Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Moritz and Julia Hupers to Max Albert Hein
rich August Berlin, lot beginning at a point in
>'W corner of block 2. Town of Llverniiire,
thence S from point of beginning along E line
of L street 150, thence E 15A, N ISO. w 150. to
beginning. Town of Llvermore, Murray Town
ship; $10.
Robert J. Gallagher to John Callaghan, lot
on :» line of Railroad avenue or Seventh street
27 :« I-: of Poplar street. E 25, P 25, P 101 W 2.".'
N 103:10, to beginning, being lot IS, block 430,
Brlggt TracJ. Map 2. Oakland; $10.
John F. and Maria S. Dingwell to George C.
Pardee. lot on NW corner of San Pablo ave
nue and Isabella street. N- 60 by W 100, being
lot 30 and portion of lot 31. Gunn Tract, Oak
land; $10.
P. W. and Sarah P. Fonda to Union Barings
Bank, lot on N line of Gom street 105 7". E
of Pine. E 75 by N 75, being lots 13, 14 and li>,
block 30, Map of Lands at Oakland Point Ferry
Landing, Oakland; $10.
Fred and Louisa Kehlmmelpfennig to Frank
W. Bilger, lot on N corner of Eighth avenue
and East Twenty-third street. NE 150 by NW
150, block 144. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Timothy Paige and Louis F. Monteagie to
Mrs. M Verbeck, lots 13 and 14. block F Mel
rose Station Tract, Brooklyn Township; $3u>.
0 Builder's Contract.
Edward E. Kentfleld (owner) with Darby
Laydon (contractor), architects Percy & Ham
ilton—Driving 270 piles from 20 to 30 feet long,
$2 50 extra to be paid for each pile should own
er desire to have piles from 30 to 40 feet 10ng
-53982 60 .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W E Smythe, Standish A" J Buckles, Fairfield
B A Glllmore, Isleton ; Mrs E Howard Cal
F E Clark, Cincinnati Mrs L Stern. lowa
J W Browning, Cal J T Stern, lowa
Mrs V 1 1 Hobbs & d.Mrs E F James Mo
Sail Lake. R L McKilllps, 'Nev
J !•: Thomas. U S V w <; Lee & w. Peoria
A B Teal. V S V A F Raton, San .lose
S Ecker Jr. U S V J j Learinp Newark
G A Hoffman. Pal 1? R Thistle, Newark
A Anderson. Sulsun H Walker. London
W B de Jarnatt & W. A C Pratt & w, Carson
Colusa A L Gilbert & w. Pal
J T Snedegar & w. Cal G F Wheeler, Or
Mrs C P Lewis. Pal Mrs P Plnschoner, Pal
i Miss M o'Donn<*ll,Mass S Rummelsburg. Pel
Miss X Doyle. Mass H A Eschenburg Pal -
Miss L A Downie.Mass J C Payton, Suisun
.1 Doyle, Mass !' w Morse. Watsonvll
L C Stephen*, Fresno J Henderson & w Pal
Mrs N T Riddle. Cal Mr A Mrs Hunter. Pal
L A Baker. Phlla H Hues, Berkeley
T L Hoppln, Pal | Miss .1 Lyon, M"inn
V Ft Forman, Antioch Miss G M Forbes. 111
J A Mlgllvaeca, Napa Miss S Miller, Minn
L Hellbron. Sacto R \V Burgess. Concord
W .T Rogers. San Jose |W II Dean. Pa)
C Munter, Cottonwood | H C Ponell & w, Pal
N A Porn. Salinas \V H Ash. San Mateo
Mrs S Harold, Chicago A L Cheney, Alaska
Miss L Schiff, Chicago J H Garher, Salinas
Mrs A M Shirley & d. H H Hunter. Yreka
Louisville j F Cowan. Salt Lake
F H Wetherby * w.CaljW Byrnes, N V
X W Weber. Kans C.v T Byrnes, N V
Miss Weber. Kuns Cv C, "L Steele. S Bernard
Miss Beers, Cripple Ck J X Low & w, Merced
Miss Mills, Denver Miss Ames. S C
J S Friday. Plttsburr T B Broadbert. Boise
N Wines, Sta Barbara C P Fry, Yreka
W Goodfrlend, Stocktn J E Man lon, Racto
C H Wallace, St Helen Mrs 3 C Stewart & c
C H Werte. Livermore San Luis Obispo
W L. Mat lock * w, Pal S R Green, Pal
W T Gorham. Ala , Mrs T L Pike, La Ang
D R Olwer. Pal I? B Dunphy, Or
C Carroll, Manila ,T L Seam & s Tucson
C B Lewis. I" S V Pr Taggart, Bakersfld
J Jones. Plaeervlllft Mrs R F Taylor Napa
C Playford. Newtown j Mrs C' F Peck, Toledo
H Alkcn, D C IRA Shores, Ashland
E Biren, USA II Block. Boston
C Rehu. USA E X Bunnell. Pal
W Johnson &w. 11l ; Mrs X Beagdon, Cal
Miss M Stewart.' 111 Miss C Bristol, Pal
J S Brown, Watsonvll I. C Clark, Ls An?
J L Weaver. Boise 3 Sanberger. Ls Ang
L Weaver, Boise W T Montgomery. Pal
H Warren, Nev . IB W Frost. Eureka "'
A H Davis, Cal M E Emory & w. Cal
W S Kles. Oshkosh Miss A Daupherty, Cal
Mrs L S Buckles. Ind Miss 3 Pauffherty, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
N Andersen, Sactb Miss G Smith. Philad
H B Steel, Stanford C S Locke. Philadelph
O D Norton. U S N A L Levlnsky, StQckn
! S M Smith, N V H CL Wolfe, Petal ma
Pr Outerfeidge. N V |F F Maddoe, N V
J Williams, HealdsbrKlMrs Maddoe. N V
Miss Williams, Heldsg Mrs J A Gibson, L A
H T Gape, Saoto : Miss Gibson, I,os Ang
J H Jackson. Los Ang Mrs J Wolfskin, L A
WE Ganlgrus. N V Miss Wolfskin. L Ang
! W E Garrigus & w.NY T M Schumacher. Chg
W N Whitinf?. Poitlnd G D Hall, St Louis
I O E Rominell. V » N E Starks. Michigan
C Prohazka, Peoria . C P Kuhen. Indiana .
Mrs C Prohazka. Peoria F 13 Pavarly. Honolulu
S A Frederica, C Rica ,1 W Mlnturn. Mlntrn
Miss L Dunmier.S Ls Mrs H Sturgess, Chgo
(; \V Halted NY H Splelvngel, N V
W Arpe, St Louis Mrs E II Brush, Chgo
J Bare Cincinnati - R C Stewart, Eastern
G Hockstadler, Phcgo Mrs R Stewart. Eastoi.
S Hamburger, Chicago Miss A Stewart. Eastn
F If Warren, Boston D H Adams. Phlladel
G Wolf homer. NY F Moorehsad. Phila •
i: M Smith. Phlldelph|B Moorchead. Phlla
Mrs Smith. Phlladeph I S Tllney. NY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Sherman, El Dorado |G Hamilton, Portland
S W Reynolds. S Jose A Mowney & w. Wash
C J Barker. Monterey Mrs J I^ebo. Wash
C. Myers, Stockton B Smith & w, Spokane
Mrs Hill. Sacto H Jenkins. Sn Andreas
C Marelia Jackson Mrs M Condon. Boston
F Hanson. Cnl ' T Glllespie. Chicago
J Hogan, Fresno C W Seyde. Ohio
MS Brown, Sacto G W Nelson, Sta Cruz
W G Mills, Ukiah '.I T. Brady, Marysville
—■ ♦ ■
St. Dominic's Church.
The usual monthly musical service will
take place next Sunday evening: at 7:30
o'clock at St. Dominic's Church, when the
choir, under the dirrction of Rhys Thomas,
will render the following 1 programme:
Chorus song. "O Heavens" (Sir Arthur
Sullivan): tenor solo, "A Prayer" (Wag- j
ncr). Rhys Thomas; duet. "Quis Est
Homo" ,i Rossini), Miss Atkins and Mrs. 1
Clark: Solo, "Av>: Maria" (Suint-Saens),
Miss de Forrest; chorus. "Wherewithal
Shall a Young- Man Cleanse His Way"
(Elney); "O Salutaris" (Hasslinger); j
"Tantum Ergo" (Boissier Duran). These
services are becoming very popular, the
church heing filled to its seating capacity
at each service. Mr. Bosworth will pre- 1
Bide at the organ.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
the water was 27 feet belo- the 1960 level sta
tion. Started No. 2 elevator successfully, but I
will have to shut it down and run No. 1, as
further changes will have to be made in
No. 2."
The Centennial Eureka mine jof Utah paid
a dividend of $15,000 on the loth, making '
$120,000 this year and $2,150,000 from the start.
The Gold Coin mine of Colorado will pay a
dividend of $10,000 on the 26th, making $80,000
this year and $230,000 in all-
The Golden Cycle mine of Colorado paid a
dividend of $10,000 yesterday, making $65,000 I
this year and $218,500 from the first.. j?f f
The Llllie mine of Colorado paid a dividend :
of $11,250 on the Ist, making $90,000 this year :
and $246,600 in all.
The Modov mine of Colorado will pay a
dividend of $10,000 on the 23th, making $80,000 j
since January 1 and $160,000 in all.
The Smuggler mine of Colorado paid a dlvi- :
dend of $10,M)0 on the loth.
The Strong mine of Colorado will pay a divi- j
dend of $25,000 on the 25th.
The official . report of the Standard Con- j
solidated mine of Bodie district for the we*k
ending August 12 states that ' raise 4. Moyle
vein, 150 level, had 14 inches fair ore in the top. j
Raise 3. East vein, same level, had 6 inches
low-grade ore. Raise 4, Security vein, 313 \
level, had IS inches pay ore. Raises 3. 5, and 7
No. 10 vein, 318 level, had respectively 16. 14 and
IS inches of fair ore in their tops. The south
drift in No. 10 vein, 380 level, had 8 inches of
pay ore in the far*. Raise 2, Fortuna vein. 582
level, had a 6-lnch vein of poor-looking ma
terial". At other points in the various prospect
openings on the .several levels there was no im
provement reported. The stopes in the Moyle,
New, No. 10, Maguire, Fortuna and other
1 ledges yielded the usual quantity of fair to
good ore. Some high-grade ore was taken from
the C D ledge on the 336 level. At the mill
246 tons of ore were crushed for the week.
Average assay vanner tailings $11 43. Concen
trates produced, one ton; assay value, $241 03.
Plate amalgam produced, 1279 ounces; value
per ounce, $3 23. Tailings plant No. 1 treated
78% tons tailings for the week. -Plant No. 2
treated 125 tons tailings.
The Santa Rosalia Mining Company will pay
a dividend of 5c on the 21st.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, August IS— 2 p. m.
Bid.Ask Bid. Ask
Bond*— Kquit G L Co. 3% 4Vi
i4s quar c0up. .112 — Mutual El Co. 16 16%
4s.quar reg.... — — O G L & H.. 48 —
4s quar new.. — 130% Pac Gas Imp. 69% 70%
6s quar coup.. — 109U Pac L Co 42 45
Miscellaneous— S F (} & X... 68% 70 I
Cal-st Cab .'5.114 — San Fran .... 3% 3% 1
C C Wat 65... — 110% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 129 135 Insurance—
F& Cl Ry 6e — 117 Firem's Fund.224 226
Geary-st R os — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 5%5..107% — Anglo-Cal .... — 70
L A Ry 5.«.". .106 - 4 107' i: Bank of Ca1. .575 277
iL A L"Co 65.. 99 — Cal SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First National. 237*4
Do gntd os.. — 100 \ Lon P A A. ...1294 —
I Market-?t 65... 126% — i Mer Exchange— 18
Do Ist M 55. 116% — **•» Nat.8k...153% —
jNCG Rlt 7s.HO — I Savings Banks—
NR of Cal 65. 114% — Ger S & L...1650 —
NR of Cal 55. 114 — Hum S &LIO3Q 1160
NPC R R 65.10*5'-i — Mm Bay Bk. 39 —
I N PC R R 55. 105^107% S F Say U...500 —
N Cal R R os.lll — Say &L, So. — 82%
OGL & H 6a.11l — Pec Say Bk. — 800
Oak Transt 65112 113 , Union T C 0.1400 1440
Om C Ry 12*4130 Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65.105*107 i California ....116 120
Pk &O Ry 63.115 . — Geary 50 —
I Powell-st R6s — 125 Market-st . . 61% 62
! Sac El G&RSS — — Oak SL& H. — 50
SF& N P 58.118% — Presidio — 16
5 F & S JV55.115 116 Powder—
iSR of Cal 65.105% — California .... — 170
6 Pof A 65... — 112U E Dynamite... Rfi —
8 P C 66(1905). 112 112 V Giant Con Co. 7.1% 73%
S P C 6s(l9C«i). — 1144 Vigorit 2 7 » 3%
S P C 66(1912). 118 122 i Sugar—
SPCIs ez 55.102% — liana P C 0... 15\ 16
SP Br (Is 1!5>4 — Haw C& S C.103 105%
S V Wat 65...116 Vi — Hutch S PCo, 32%
iS V Wat 46....104 — :Kilauea S C. ' - Si
1S V W 45(3dm)101% — Makaweli EC 50t; 50%
' Stktn Gas 65.. 104 107 Onomea B Co 384 : ' "-i
Water Stocks— Paauhau S C. 39% 39%
Contra Costa. 76 — Miscellaneous—
I Marin County. Mi — Al Pac Assn. .ll7VJllß
1 Spring Valley.lo2 102** Mer Ex Assn.. — UN
Gas and Electric— I Oceanic S Co.. 89% —
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... '*■» —
Cent QCo — — Pac C Bor Co. 132 135
Cent L & P... — 7 , Par Paint Co. 84 —
> Morning Session.
125 Giant Powder ..' 73 50
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 75
50 Maka well 60 25
£.0 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
10 Oceanic S S Co S!) 57%
5 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
25 Onom^a Sugar Co 38 50
60 Onomea Sugar Co — 3s 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 00
10 S V Water 102 00
Street— i^J'.V,
190 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 103 (X)
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 874
Afternoon Session.
Board-
SO Bank of California 275 Oft
50 Contra Costa Water .'.. 78 00
150 Giant Powder Con 73 50
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 75
125 Hutchinson S P Co 32 12%
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 10
300 Makaweli *-0 25
10 Mutual Electric Light Ifi 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co SS 50
25 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 23
10 Paauhau S P Co J9 75
5 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 39 50 .
105 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
50 Paauhau S P Co b 30 39 25
140 Paauhau 8 r Co 39 00
• 50 Paauhau S P Co 39 374
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 87%
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Equitable Gas , 4 00
30 Hutchinson S P.. Co 32 87%
20 Hutchinson S P Co ; 32 75
25 Makaweli 50 12%
35 S F Gas & Electric 70 CO
20 S V Water 102 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$2000 California Street Cable 5s 115 50
40 Giant Powder 73 00
10 Hutchinson S P C 0....: 32 87%
r.O Makaweli 50 37%
."" Makawrll 50 50
10 S V Water 102 12%
20 S V Water .....102 23
' ■ MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: •;
Morning Session.
2(V> Andes 151 300 Mexican 53
800 Belcher 32 1 500 Ophlr 115
200 Bullion 09 1 400 Potosl 37
400 Con Cal & Va. .2 00 500 Silver Hill 0.1
100 Gould & Curry. 40 400 Union Con 29
200 Justice 1* 100 Yellow Jacket.. 32
. Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 63 ICO Gould* & Curry. 40
100 Challenge ...... 35 100 Ophir 115
700 Chollar 20 100 Potosi 37
50 Con Cal & Va..2 00 j 100 Sierra Nevada. 69
100 Confidence S7 400 Utah 03
■ICO Crown Point.... 2T/\
■ Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta- ..'......*.... 07 600 Ophir 115
1200 Andes 16, 500 Overman 12
800 Best A Belcher 61 500 Overman 11
500 Best & Belcher fix 100 Potosi 39
j 300 Bullion OS 300 Potosi 33
300 Choltar 21 500 Savage 21
I • 950 Con Cal & Va..2 00; 300 Savage ... 20
100 Con Cal & V.2 02M.J 200 Sierra Nevada. 69
500 Gould & Curry. 40: 300 Sirrra Nevada. 70
•'OO Gould & Curry. 41 1100 Union C0n...... 30
200 Hale & Norcrs. 30: 200 Union Con 29
400 Mexican 681 400 Utah 10
. Afternoon Session. '•/';'
400 Andes .........". 161 2CO Hale & Norcrs. 25
100 Best & Belcher 64 100 Ophir 1 m,
1000 Chollar 20 400 Overman 11
900 Con Cal & Va.2 0O 700 Savage 20
300 Gould & Curry. 41, 200 Sierra Nevada. 70
300 Gould & Curry. 40: ' - \ . .
' . CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August 18-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Ask.
! Alpha ■. 07 OS Justice 14 lb
Alta P6 n7 Kentuck ....... 03 05
Andes 15 17 Lady Wash 01 02
j Belcher 32 33 ; Mexican &0 A 52
! Best <£■ Belcher. 60 61 Occidental ..... 20 21
Bullion OS 09 Ophlr 110 113
. Caledonia 68 70 Overman 11 12
Chollar I" 20 Potosi • 35 . 3fi
Challenge Con.. 33 35 Savage 19 20
Confidence ..... 86 88 1 Scorpion ' 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 95 200 Seg Belcher • (ifi 07
I Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 68 69
Crown Point... 24 25 Stiver Hill *03 0*
Eureka C0n..... 50 —'Syndicate 07 —
! Con New York. — 02 Standard ... — 2 7.»
'■ Exchequer ..... — 01 St Louis — 12
! Gould & Curry. 39 40 Union Con 27 2S
■ Hale & Norcrs. 30 3l Utah OS 10
j. Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 31 32
'■ - : ...
Time Ball
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 18, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
♦— : *•
Sun, Moon and Tide.
<$> _ _ __»
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High : and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance- to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later th.in at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the .same at both places.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 1
f-un rises ... 6:29
Sim sets 6:56
Moon sets z:2l a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column give« the second tide of
the clay, the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, exceDt
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low wat .
<$> ' , A.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. j Due.
Luella iTlHamook Bay Aug. 19
Weoott Humholdt Aug. IS
A. Blanchard... Coos 8ay.... Aug. 19
Newsboy Tillamook Bay Aug. IS
Peru Panama..' '. Aug. 19
Grace Dollar — Grays Harbor Aug. 2>
Corona San Diego Aug. 20
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 20
Pomona Humboldt Aug. in
Samoa !.... Humboldt Bay Aug. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug. 21
Washtenaw .... Nanaimo Aug. 2l
Fulton Portland I Aug. 22
Empire Goos Bay..". [Aug. 23
Aztec .: China and Japan lAug. 22
Bonita Newport.. ..(Aug. 23
Doric •". China and Japan lAuz. 22
Ptate of Cal.... [Portland lAus.2*
Arcata ...ICoos Bay Aug. 23
Aberdeen IHumboldt [Aug. 24-
Santa Rosa San Diego iAug.2t
Belgian King. .. China and Japan !Aue. 2t
Point Arena [Point Arena Aug. 23
UmatiHa [Victoria & Puget SoundlAug. 2S
Alameda 'Sydney 'Aug. 2:>
Coos Bay Newport 'Aug 2<>
North Fork IHumboldt lAug. 2*
Curacoa {Mexico I Aue. 27
Portland ■ 'St. Michael I Aug. M
Columbia (Portland ..l Aug. 2*
River.. Gray- Harbor [Aug. 23
TO SAIL
r- — ; *
Shipping Intelligence.
« _ ■ : »
ARRIVED.
Friday, August IS.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 16 hours' from Fort
Bragg, bound south; put in for fuel.
Rtmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Point Ar^na, Hansen. 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, '16 hours from
i Whitesboro.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson, IS hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 90 hours from New.
port <S).
Stmr Aloha, JorgenF<»n. 11 hours from Point
i Arena.
Bktn W H Dimond, NiWbn, 23 days from
Honolulu.
Sehr Five Brothers, Jensen, 20 hours from
, Bowens I-andlnr.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom, 3 days from Eu
j reka.
Schr Guide. Olsen, 7 days from Grays Harbor.
Schr Falcon, Murchiso^, t> nays from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bessie X, Nielsen. 38 hours from Albion.
CLEARED.
Friday. August 18.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
se-nd; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama, etc: Pa
cific Mail S S Co.
■ Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury. Manila, via
| Kobe and Nagasaki: 1* S Government.
An? stmr Siam. Rancich, Manila, via Hono
i lulu; V S Government.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaimo:
' John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo: R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Bark Albert, Griffiths. Honolulu;. ■Williams,
, Dimond & Co.
Schr John G North, Austin, Honoipu; Hind,
Roli'h & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. August 18.
j Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa-Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr San Jose, McLean. Panama, etc.
Stmr City of Sydney, Plllsbury. Manila, via
Kobe and Nagasaki.
1 Stmr Gipsy. L»!and. Santa Cruz.
Ptmr Coqullle River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor.
Stmr West port. Peterson. — — . '
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. Nanaimo.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo.
Schr Mary Dodge, Olsen. Eureka.
.TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug IS. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind BW; velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The srhr Anita arrived at San Diego on Aug
; 15, having on board about 30 tons of dynamite,
palls, stores, etc, of the ill-fated schr Stella
. Erland. =\r.-;-
SPOKEN.
Ped W H Dimond. Aug 10. l a t 37 N. lon 145
W — Bark Ceylon, from Honolulu, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug* IS— Stmr Weeott, for
San Francisco; schr Halcyon, for Redondo.
Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Pomona, hence Auk 17:
stmr Brunswick, hence Aug 17; stmr Samoa,
! hence AUK 17. ■ ■
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug IS— Schr Gotama,
' hence Aug 4.
Sailed Aug 18— Schr Gem. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Aug IS— Schr
; Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived Aug IS— Schr Neptune, hence
Aug 13.
FORT BRAGG— Aug IS— Stmr Noyo,
hence Au- is.
TACOMA— Sailed Aue 17-Schr C H Mer
j chant, for San Pedro. ■.-;• : -
I TACOMA— Arrived Aug 17— Br ship Arracan,
I from Shanghai.
i Sailed Auk Stmr Al-KI. for Alaska; bark
j Lev! G Burgess, for San Francisco. • .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Scotia,
fromi Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Auk I?— Stmr
'• Alcazar, for San Francisco.
; REDONDO— SaiIed Aug 17-Schr Jennie Stella,
: for Grays Harbor.
| GRAYS HARBOR— Aug 17— Schr Bar
bara Hernster. from St Michael; schrr Lizzie
Prien. hence July 26.'
FORT ROSS— Arrived Aug 18— Schr Mary C,
. hence Aug 16.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Aug IS— Ger bark
Plus, for Hamburg.
Arrived Auj IS— Brie Leslie D. from San
Pedro; schr Laura May. from Ban Pedro; stmr
St Paul, hence Aug 14, for Seattle.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAK WATER-Passed up
Aug 17— Ship Geo SkolHeld, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Aug 16— Br ship Eaton
Hall, for Cardiff. .
COLON— Arrived Aug 16— Stmr Advance, from
New York
* ANTWERP— Arrived Aug I*— Ft bark Grande
Duchesse Olga. from Oregon • •
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 14— Br stmr Em
i press of India, from Vancouver.
CHEMAINUS— SaiIed Aug 17-Schr E X
Wood for Taku. ■ :
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Aug 17— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. /
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from New York, via Cher
bourg for Hamburg; stmr Lahn. from New
York, via Cherbourg, for Bremen. ■
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug. IS— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
■ QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York. N <"!
1314
GAY GRAFT WILL CROWD THE BAY
Commodore Spreckels Issues Orders for a Grand
Naval Demonstration.
Governor Gage Declines to Declare a
State Holiday in Honor of Re
turning Soldiers.
THE GREAT HARBOR RECEPTION PARADE.
A LETTER will be handed by the boarding pilot to Captain
J. C. Reid, quartermaster in charge of the transport Sher
man, requesting him not to enter the harbor before 2:30
p.m. She will be met off Fort Point by a fleet of tugs, with
yachts in tow, all handsomely decorated. These craft will steam
toward her in two columns and circle around the stern of the
transport and come up the harbor abreast of her. one column on
each side. Outside of these columns, to the northeast and rear.
all other steam and sail vessels will take up their position.
The transport will be allowed by the quarantine officials to
eed to her anchorage off Folsom-street dock.
It is absolutely necessary, in view of the great number of
vessels which will be on the bay, that none except those as
signed a position in the line approach within 400 yards of the
transport, and in no event pass between the transport and the
city front. No communication will be allowed with the trans
port, as the work of the quarantine officials -would be de
layed and might prevent the landing of the troops on the follow
ing day.
The safety of the immense number of people who will be
afloat, and the fact that in the noise and excitement steam signals
cannot readily be distinguished, make it compulsory upon all
those in command of vessel-; to keep in a position of safety, and
relatives and friends must not expect to have their steamers
taken alongside of the transport.
A little common sen^e and exercise of judgment on the part
of all will insure the success of the event.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.
Commodore Reception Fleet.
jjF the Instruction and details of the
great Instruction and carried out as
croat naval pan. do are carried out as
j| planned the affair will be one of the
grandest features of the celebration.
The instructions of the commodore should
receive close attention. The great number
of craft that will be on the bay on that
occasion will make care necessary, but if
the suggestions advanced are heeded the
success of the naval programme will be
complete.
The following orders have been issued:
The committee on naval programme,
desiring the co-operation of all to make
the marine parade a success, begs care
ful attention to the following: All
steam or sail vessels which have not
been assigned position in line are ur
, gently requested to keep not less than
400 yards to the north or east of the
line* of parade, or in the rear, and al
low ample room for the handling of
the towboats and yachts during their
maneuvers. Not only the general safe
ty demands this, but it Is necessary to
insure the pub an unobstructed view
from shore.
The vessels which have been as
signed positions in line will form same
off Meiggs wharf, and all other craft
will please give that point a wide
berth, thus avoiding confusion.
General orders tor the marine pa
rade: If transport does not arrive
August 24 these orders take effect Aug
ust 23. or day of arrival. If the trans
port arrives during the night, tugboats
will leave their wharves at 10 o'clock
next morning to pick up yachts.
Promptness and care in execution of
these orders by participants are ur
gently requested, not only to make the
parade a spectacular success, but also
to insure the safety and comfort of
guests.
Tugboats— Will be at their respect
ive wharves at 12 m. Guests to embark
not later than one hour after transport
is signaled. At 1 p. m. (or if trans
port is signaled between 12 m. and 4
p. m.. then one hour after transport
is signaled, but not later than 5. p. m.)
tugboats of first division to proceed
to the yacht anchorage off section 3.
seawall, adjacent to Lombard street
wharf, and make fast to yacht as
signed to each for tow. Tugboats of
second division to proceed to Meiggs
wharf and take their assigned yachts
in tow. Form line In order herein
stated. Space about 100 feet from pre
ceding tow. Towllne about 100 feet.
Follow closely movements of the pre
ceding tow. When transport anchors
take yachts back to anchorage.
Yachts— Yachts assigned to first di
vision, as per order herewith, to ren
dezvous off section 3, seawall, adjacent
to I^ombard street wharf, not later
than 12 m., August 24. Yachts as-
Figned to second division to rendezvous
off Meiggs wharf. Will be taken in
tow not earlier than 1 p. m. nor later
than 6 p. m. Have suitable to line
ready and anchor hove short. When
coming abreast of transport fire sa
lute. Follow closely in wake of tug
boat.
Position— Take place in line prompt
ly iff Meiggs wharf as follows: First
division, Commodore John D. Bpreck
" els- Tug Fearless (flagship), yacht
Lurllne; tug Governor Markham,
yacht Aggie: tug Golden Gate, yacht
Ramona; tug Reliance, yacht Chispa;
tug Alert, yacht Pactolus; tug Union.,
yacht Occident; tug Ida W., yacht
Sappho; steam yacht Outing.
Second division. V'ce Commodore
W. J. Gray— Tug Monarch, yacht
Gracie S; tug Sea King, yacht Aza
lene; tug Governor Irwin, yacht Idler;
tug Millen Griffith, yacht Clara; tug
Sea Witch, yacht ' Speedwell; tug
Water Nymph, yacht Ella; tug Tran-
Fit, yacht Harpoon.
ALHAMBRA BENEFIT
The programme for the l>r-m-iit at th<
Alhanibra Theater on next Wednesday
and Thursday evenings hourly Increase)
in strength and attraction. Among 'It
latest volunteers are the members of iht
GOVERNOR GAGE DECLINES
TO HONOR THE SOLDIERS
I • *,
"Z OVERNOR GAGK has declined to declare a legal holiday the day •*
■f /f~ ] upon which th people of the State will welcome their returning *
£ (( 17 sol(li " rs - He occupies the unenviable position of being the only man *
* \\J in California who does not enter into the spirit of the occasion. He +
* •> —^ states that he really wants to do something to honor the returning *•
* soldiers, but he cannot see his way cleat to comply with the wishes of the ♦
•¥■ people. Mr. Gage gives numerous excises for his actions, but none of them *
■¥ will be accepted under the elrcumstai»es. +
■¥■ "If I knew when the ship carrying cur troops would get here " says the ■¥
■¥■ Governor, "I would be glad to make that day a State holiday but no one" ■¥■
■¥■ knows when they will arrive. Ido not want to make the mistake of naming *
■¥■ the wrong day and interfering with business all over the State to no purpose *
■¥■ In order to make the holiday effective notice would have to be given to ■¥■
■¥■ County Clerks all over the State, and there will be no opportunity to do this *
■¥■ when the ship is sighted. I am anxious to comply with the request of the **
■¥■ people of San Francisco who desire a legal holiday, but under the circum- ■¥
•¥■ stances I cannot see my way clear In the matter and will have to decline" •¥■
•* These excuses are puerile and flimsy. The holiday Is not desired until "*
■¥■ forty-eight hours after the transport is sighted, and possibly everybody "¥■
* but Governor Gage knows that every section of the State can be reached ■¥■
* In that time through the medium of the press or the agency of the telegraph ■¥■
-fc wires. He could probably see his way clear in the matter If he gave more ■¥■
■* of his attention to his official duties and less to his efforts to land Dan Burns ■¥■
-* in the Senate. His actions will disappoint the people, but they have learned ■¥■
-* to expect just such things from Gage.-
"* ■ *
•> fta Ra a* c* ** a, »«.*■« ■ai«tal«te!*tatafetatoftftfei«feAi£
double ni.artet of the T nlversity of Call
fornla and the Stanford University. A!
the leading professionals of the differen
theaters who can possibly get away wil
appear. M.-ssrs. ESllinghouse and Thall ex
pect to be able to announce on Sunda;
the complete programme.
NEW FEATURES BEING
ARRANGED EVERY DAY
Military Concert at Union Square
Will Precede the Night
Parade.
Hardly a meetlns of the citizens' exec
utive committee passes that some new
idea for the hip celebration is not sprung.
The committeemen ar.- working with a
determination of making it the biggest
thing of the kind th<- coast has ever Been.
Some feature la being arranged for near
ly ©very hour of the three nays' festivi
ties. Th' latest is a military concert
on the morning preceding the ;;r<- ; u
night parade. 'i he sugg< stion was au
vanced at yesterday's meeting of the
committee by M. H. de Koung. Ills plan
is to have the concert at Union Square,
commencing at U o'clock ;n the mornii g.
A band of fifty pieces is to h.- secured for
the occasion and a programme of na
tional airs will be arranged. Mr. u e
Young was named as a committee of one
to i;.ke charge of this feature of the
celebration.
Upon the suggest ion of W. J. Martin,
Admiral Kamz and wife and Captain
Terry of the lowa will be Invited t.. view
the parade from the stand to be erected
for the members of the committee.
A delegation of th" theatrical man
agers w*-re present, and Mr. de Young, un
behalf of the committee, thanked them
heartily for the noble and generous w..rk
they had done in swelling the figures of
the reception fund.
The Board of Supervisors gave permis
sion for the committee to err>.-t reviewing
stands wherever they desired.
FINAL MEETING OF THE
PARENTS' ASSOCIATION
Proceedings Are Enlivened by the
Presence of Colorado
Regiment.
The proceedings at the final meeting of
the Parents' and Relatives' Association
at Armory Hall last night were enlivened
by the presence of Governor' Thomas,
Congressman Lafe Bpence and a detach'
mont of the Colorado regiment under
the command of Colonel McCoy. When
the Invited guests marched down the
hall to the stage headed by Color Bearer
Holmes waving the torn and tattered
flag the- vast audience arose in their seats
and cheered for several minutes.
The following resolutions were pre
sented by Bart Burke and adopted unan
imously:
Resolved, That as a mark of the high confi
dence and esteem in which we hold the First
Regiment,, Colorado Volunteers, and on account
of their Clone fellowship with our own boys,
the said regiment be cordially requested to
act as a special escort of honor on the occa
sion of the parade of the First California Regi
ment nnd the California Heavy Artillery.
Governor Thomas, Congressman
Pence, Major Hooper and Colonel A,c-
Coy replied on behalf of the regiment
and accepted the invitation with allusions
to the kind treatment accorded the Colo
rado boys.
The following resolutions were also
adopted by a rising vote:
Whereas. Several or the California Volunteers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 19. 1899.
„ r. . n « « . : ■4 • . -v *.n■P. ■* ; -
MAP OF NAVAL MANEUVERS.
have yielded up their lives as a sacrifice upon
the altar of their country, and our Joy in the
home-coming of their surviving comrades in
arius is tempered by the thought that these
heroic souls will never return:
Resolved, That we do now tender our slncer
est sympathy and condolence to the surviving;
relatives of these dauntless men, whose names
are forever enrolled upon the glorious roll of
honor of fallen heroes who died for the flag and
the principles of our great republic.
Here follows the names of the dead sol
diers and the dates of their death:
. Relnhold Riehter, captain, Company I,
August 1, 1898; James F. McCarthy, sergeant,
Company D, May 23, 1899; Maurice Justh. ser
geant. Company a. August 1, 1898; Edward
O'Neil. private. Company 11. August 10, 1898;
John V. Dunmore, private, Company B. August
14, IS9S; Peter H. S. Fisher, private. Company
M. September 11, 1898; James J. Tomer, private,
Company D, October 2, 1898: Henry A. Stube,
private. Company F. September 27, IS9S;
Horace M. Powers, private, Company C. Oc
tober 2, 1S98; Kugene Merwin, corporal, Com
pany M. June 9, 1898; George H. Perkins,
private. Company 1., July 28, 1898; Edward
Braham, private. Company E, October 6, 1898;
William Cook, private. Company F. October 4,
I*9S: : ape F. Freßtrom, private. Company F,
October 20, 1898; Charles B. Lemon, sergeant,
Company B, November 9, 1898; Daniel .1.
Nichols, private. Company H. July 26. 1898;
William W. Smith, private, Company A, Sep
tember 11. 1898; Frank Temple, private, Com
pany I. December 1. ISPS; Thomas T. Bryan,
private, Company 11. February 3. 1899; James
J. 1•• vvnr, private. Company K. February .",
1599; Joseph W. Maher. quartermaster sergeant.
February 6, 1899; Anton B. Nelson, private,
Company C, February 10. 1899; Guy V. Packer,
private. Company C, February 10, 1899; James
P. Cassldy, private. Company K. February "1.
IS9fl: Lou la K. Westphal Jr.. private, Company
D, March 4. 1599: Herbert A. Hopkins, private.
Company A. April 17. 1999; Frederick M. Lun
din. private, Company D.April 24. iv.< 9: Stephen
Burdell, private. Company M. May 7. 1599; Wll
' im S. Bowsky, private. Company C, May 27,
••■*9; Walter T. Sweenie, private, Company X,
July 1. is 1 .' .'.
HEAVY ARTILLERY.
D. Ford, private, Company D, August .13, 1S0S:
Henry F. Judson. private. Company D. Sen
tember 22. 1898; Walter Johnson, private. Com
! any A. September 19. IS3S; Frank A. Doty,
private. Company C, January 22. ISP9; Jeremiah
Shea, sergeant. Company A, April 19, 1899;
Lieutenant J. B. Morse.
Mrs. Russel Bassett reported the fol
lowing donations:
G. H. Jackson, ' RSO quarts Napa soda; Clar
ence M. Wooster. manager Daily Mercury San
Jose. in boxes apples; ladles of Oakdale" 10.000
napkins; Mrs. George Atkins, bos of ' fruit:
Wetmore Brothers, box of apples; Mrs M. Nor
man, 200 bouquets: Mrs J. Cosgrove, 20 pounds
of fruit; Mount Shasta Mineral Spring Com
pany. 350 siphons of soda; W. Weiss & Co. 6
Bear flags.
The following have donated flowers and
ferns and are requested to send them to the
ferry on the night before the breakfast: Su
perintendent J. McLaren of Golden Gate Park.
Woman's Exchange, Joseph Jacquemet & Co.
M. Gills of West Berkeley.
The ladies who are to assist in decorat
ing will mtet at the Armory Monday at
2 o'clock.
SANTA ROSA TO BE
THE SHIP OF STATE
Senator Perkins Donates to the
Legislature the Use of One
of His Boats.
The members of the State Legislature
and Governor Gage and his party will sail
out to meet the California!] boys on the
good ship Santa Rosa; that was decided
last night, when enough legislators for
caucus purposes gathered at Assembly
man Cobb'a offices in the Parrot building
to discuss the state's share in the big re
ception to come next week.
"The patriotism shown by the people of
the city and county of San Francisco "
said Assemblyman Miller, "impressed me
with the idea that it would In- no more
than right and proper that the State tak^>
some hand in the reception to be given
Calfornla's heroes, bo yesterday I started
out to see what could be done.
Mr. Miller said he had talked it over
first with Chairman Cobb and others of
the San Francisco delegation and had
then gone to the steamship people to see
if a ship could not be got to carry State
officials. He went to Mr. Spreckels first
and Mr. Spreckels said he would have a
boat in from Australia on the 2. » th, to
which the State would he most welcome,
in rase the Sherman should not arrive be
fore that date. Then he went to Senator
Perkins, and the Senator tendered the use
of the Santa Rosa, which is due to ar
rive on the morning of the 23d. In case the
Sherman should arrive on the 22d, the
State of California was offered for that
date.
Governor Gage and Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff will be invited to accompany
the party. Quarters will be • secured at
either the Palace or Grand hotels, to be
j kept open during the coming week.
A motion was carried inviting the legis
lators of all the bay counties to come in
with the San Francisco delegation in the
arrangement of the reception, and invita
tions will be sent out to-day. .
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Finance— Senators Burnett. Braun
■ hart, Hoey. Assemblymen Kenneally
and Crowley.
Reception and invitation — Assembly
men Miller, Hanley, Knowland,
O'Brien and White. Senators Dwyer,
Feeney, Hall. Bettman and Ashe.
Hall and banquet— Senator Bettman,
Assemblymen Barry Henry, Hoey and
I [a nicy.
Transportation— Assemblymen Rick
ard, E. Sullivan and E. D. Sullivan.
Press— Assemblymen Wardell, Lund
quist, Devoto, Dibble, Senator Braun
hart. . .
Those who were present were: Senators
Frank Burnett. Big. Bettman, R. Porter
Ashe. Braunhart, L. J. Dwyer. Hall. Jack
Hoey, Assemblymen W. H. Cobb, \V H
Rickard, Joseph J. Knowland, E. D. Sul
livan, Eugene Sullivan. J. J. Crowlev
j Miller, Justus Wardell, Lon Henry, D s
O'Brien and James Hanley.
Another meeting will be held on Monday
night at Mr. Cobb'B offices. .
GLIMMER AND HURRAH
FROM START TO FINISH
Fireworks Will Vie for Supremacy
With Glare of Electrical
Display.
Final arrangements for the fireworks
display will be completed to-day. The
committee will drive over the line of
march of the parade this morning -md de
cide upon the location of the various tlis
FU ND REACHES CLOSE TO
FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
THE finance committee, of -the "volunteer reception has broken the record.
The handsome sum of $44,747 85 has been collected in less than ten days. M
H. de Young, chairman of the; committee, congratulated his colleagues
yesterday on the good work -accomplished, and expressed confidence
that the $50,000 mark would be left far behind before the returns were all in
The amount added to the fund yesterday was $16,091 50. The list of subscribers
Thursday and Friday is as follows: . .
Previously reported $24,915 95 Neville &Co ....:.. inn 00
Theatrical managers' benefit. 10,500 00 Mrs. Sarah Kohl.-. 100 00
Southern Pacific Company/ 2,500 00 Employes of the White '
-Arion concert benefit 1,304 50 House _ -85 00
Mrs. Phebe Hearst. . W0 00 Registrar's office ' 50 00
Yen Hoy Company ' 42(i 00 G. M. Josselyn Company.' 50 00
Kong Chow Company 318 50 Custom-house (additional)..., 50 00
California Street Cable Rail-. Justice of Peace clerks 50 00
road Company 2."0 00 Sperry Flour Company 50 00
Employes of the Postofflce...'. ISO M Stockton Milling Company.... 50 00
Clerks Board of Supervisors.. 135 00 Port Costa Mills 60 00
E. S. Plllsbury : •••- 100 00 Del Monte Milliner Company.. 50 00
North Pacific Coast Railroad • Deming-Palmer Milling Corn-
Company .., 100 no pany .' '50 00
Hoffman. Rothehild & C 0.... } 00 00 C. S' Laumeister 50 00
Realty Syndicate 100 00 Cash-.: 50.00
Bank of British Columbia.'.^ 100 00 Presidio and Ferries Railroad
.San Francisco National Bank 100 0V Company 50 00
Tax Collector's office. $*5: M. Herzsteln: $25: Cumberland Coal Company,
$25: Golden Gate Woolen. Mills. $23; California Fireworks Company. $25: Bass-
Hueter Paint Corappnv. $25: .C G. Clinch &Co.. $25: Coburn, Tevis & Co., $25;
W. P. Fuller & Co.. $25:. Arctic Oil Works. $25; Pacific Oil and Lead Works,
$25: Yates &■ Co.. X 25: Standard' OQ, Company. $25; C. R. Splivalo, $25: Survey
or's office. $;.*: P. IT. Frank & Co.. $25: The Norton Tanning Company. $25*: The
Kron Tanning Company, $25: W. B. Sumner & Co.. $25: Kullman. Salz & Co.,
$25; A. T. Hall A- Son, $25: William P. Morgan. $25; Pacific Coast Company, $25;
The Owl Drug Company. $25; K. J. Coleman. $25; Baldwin Jewelry Company,
$20; Spruance,- Stanley & Co.. $20: I>gallet-Hellwig Tanning Company. $20: W.
Davis & Son. $20: Risslngor & Co.. $20: John F. Boyd. $20: Lenarfeld's Pharma
cy. $20: John F. Snow £- Co.. $20: TiUn Tee Konr Saw Association of Law
Ynong Chung Chew. $20: Montgomery Street Coffee House, $15: Shea & Shea
$15.
H. & L. Block, $10: W. Vleisber. $10: Davis.- Belau & Co.. $10: M. Marcttse
X- Co.. $10; Gold«t<me Brothers. $10: Louis Saroni & Co., $10: R. N. Nason X- Co.,
$10: Berry Brother?/ Limited. $10: California Paint Company. $10: Hirsch ft
Kaiser. $10: California Optical Company. $10; Standard Optical Company, $10;
Albert Pissis. SI"- Charles J. T. Devlin. $10; Henry A. Schulze, $10; Percy &
Hamilton. $10: Clinton Day. $10: Reid Brothers, $10: Havens & Toepke. $10;
William Curlett. $10: J. Martenstein & C 0.." $10; Westphal & Son. $10; Tli'nz &
Plagemann, $10: Russ House (additional), $10; Harman-Waldeck Company, $10;
W. R. Knight, $10: Wagner Leather Company. $10; A. B. Patrick & Co.. $10;
Morris Windt. $10: Nordmann Brother". $10: Phelps & Adams, ?I<V Carrau &
Green, $10; Rothschild & Hadenfeldt, $10; M. L. Levy & Co., $10; California
Jewelry Company. $10: Geortro Greenzweig. $10: Alfonz Judis. $10: A. Hirsch
man. $10; Hammersmith & Field $10: W. K. Vandersllce & Co., $10; A. Ruef,
$10: Bliss & Faville. $10; G. W. Clark & Co.'s employes, $0 50.
Hyaras & Co., $5: Overland Freight and Transfer Company. $5; p. B. Smith
&■ Co.. $5; Hellrnan Bros, & Co.. $5:. Lewis Packing Company. $5: T. v. Allen. $5;
J. R. Dickey, $5: rash. $5: Magrer Bros., $5: Ensign & McGuffiek. $5; Pennsyl
vania Oil Works. .*">; El Dorado Linseed Oil Works. $5; American Oil and
Paint Company, $5: F. S. Van Tree. $5: Herbert B. Magge, $5; T. P. Ross. $5;
Ph. Scherdt. $.",; Newson &■ Meyer. $5: MeDiugall Bros;, $5; Salfield &. Kohl
berg. $5: William Mooser & Son. $5; C. A. Meussdorffer, $5; T. J. Welsh. $5; J.
E. Freeman, $.": H. Outsen, $5; W. S. Within. $.">: Joseph Ze'ler. $5; Samuel
Bloom & Son, $,">; Strauss & koux. $5; Brown & Adams, $5: Poetsch & Peter
son, $": Struven & Birgie. $5; Anto:.e Krieg 1 , $5; J. D. Whitney, $5; A. Eisen
berg & Co.. 15; G. Aronson, $5; A. Muhs, $5; Julius Van Vliet. $3; Dennison
Manufacturing Company, $5; Joseph Fahys & Co., $5: W. B. Glidden, $5; Wil
liam Manning. $.": Brlttafn & '".. $3; J. C. Pascoe, $5: Schumacher & Co., $.">;
Mrs. C. D. Sal field. $3: A. C. Nichols & Co.. $5
Columbia Coffee and Spice Company. $:! 50; c. M. Chrfstoffer. $2 50; De
vany, Hopkins & Co., $2 50; Henry SchmU-r. $2 50: McGown Grocer-,* Com
pany, $2 50: Albert Clayburgh, $250; Kauffman, Davidson & Co., $2-50; M.
P. Brown & Co., $2 50; Balz Bros. & Finkeldey. $2 50; Schaezlein & Burridge,
$2 50; R. Bujannoff, $2 50: H. Brumm, $250; Arner & Weinshenk, $2 50; H. c.
Ahlers. $2T0.; R. L Radke, $2 50: L. Van Vllet. $250; Spiro Vucosolievich
$2 50: G. Flamm. $2 50; Will C. Hayes. $2 50; G. F. Roberts & Co.. $250;
Hanley & Spohn, $2 50; John E. Quinn, $2 ">0: Nat Raphael. $2: R. H. Has
kel, $2; A. Rothkopf. $2: R. A. Bourne. $2: James Cairns, $2: William Tre
walla $1: Charles E. Oswald, $1; E. W. Toomey. $1; H. yon Tssendorf, $1;
Mrs. N. Rlckards, $1; Coxhead & Coxhead. $1; George Bordwell. $1: W. c.
Cavltt, $1: C. D. Miner, $1; Jones fir Davis, $1; R. G. Ronnerstel, $1: W. Reid
Williams, $1; Cash, $1: W. S. Taber. $1; Cummlngs. $1; F. M. McConnell. $1;
M. Conlon, $1; W. J. Hocking. $1: S. Sllverman. $1; D. Kauff, $1; Cash. $1;
A. Man. 50 cents; M. Simrak, 50 cents; Cash,. 50 cents; Henry Zelinsky, 50
cents; Frank T. Green. 50 cents; E. E. Hastings, 50 cents; N. Kirschner,
50 cents: G. Vrachliotti; 50 cents; F. Galli, GO cents; S. Scatena, 50 cents; A.
Miller. 50 rents.
Employpa of Hobbs, Wall fir Co.. 14525; License ''"llect^r 1 office. $33; Ri'." IIous(
employes, $2.": Occidental Hotel, 125; Golden "West Hotel, J25; California Hotel. $2".
Captain R. V- Thompson, $25: California Winpmakprs" Corporation. $2."; Slmonils Saw
■any.?::": New We»tern-Tnternatlonal liotPls. $20; CommPrrial Hotel, $20: Llct
Hou?e. $20: Kun FonK Tpp (Chinese Theater), B0; ppe Tu»> Tone. $20; Ghee Kiine Tom
rChinem Frpemasons). $20: Bernard Horn, $20; Poly, Hellbron * Co., $20: Columbia]
T'.mk. $20; Sailniaker* 1 Union, $18; Clneocrnph Parlor benefit *12: Charles Kpllus ,<;
Co. fThe Hub), $2": Winchester House, $10; Hotel Pleasanton, $10; LanKham Hotel, $10
Cosmopolitan Hotel. $10: Joseph Rosenberg. $10; Scott A. Yon Arsdale Lumber Com
pany, $10; Sturtebaker Manufacturing Company. $10; Tluher Bros., $10: John Rarret
(New York). $10: Brooklyn Hotel, $5; F. 1... Turpln (Royal House), $■".-. Joseph Me
Derrnott, $5; Knlerr & Allan. $5; James Hall. $5: D. M McNeal, $S: American Hn:
Factory. $S; Enterprise Soda Works, %'<: J. W. T>»mmon. $2 50; cash. $2 BO; ,T. 11. Rlppe
$2 50; Moler's Barber College, $1; Sullivan * r>o-l . $1; Miller & Ron. $1: Moden
Laundry Company. $1: Henry Ahiers, $1; Georpre Pchafer. Si; M. Wouken, 15 cents
Total to date, $44,747 85.
plays so that they will show off to tho
hest advantage. It is almost certain that
tho biggest display, Including th- largest
of the skyrockets, will be fired from the
roof <>f the ferry d< pot.
There has boon much speculation as to
the probability of those on Market street
being able to see the fireworks throuKM
tho piare of tho electrical Illumination,
which Mls brought a su^postion from «'.
I. Stone of tho fireworks committee that
the pyrotechnic display be started as tho
end of the narade passed the dif>-.-,>t
stations, when the electric lipht couM b^>
shut off. The Idea die) not meet with much
enthusiasm from the executive commit
tee, especially M. 11. de Young.
"Wo want the whole thins to be on«
(flitter and hurrah from start to finish."
ho said. "We want music and fireworks
and electric lights all -K^i'ip at the same
time If we Btretch it out it will give the
Impression that we are trvinp to make
•on many bites out of one cherry."
Ap the electrical dteolay is Roinsf to lart
two eveninjra a f"w fireworks will be sot
off on the first night to ascertain ii the
glare of electricity will dim their effect.
A BIG CHECK FROM
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Among: tho substantial contributions tr>
the reception fund yesterday was a check
SOME OF THE DIVISION MARSHALS.
J. W. Staneart, division marshal of the Woodmen of the World; Will J
Beatty, division marshal of the Knights of Pythias; J. L. Herget, division mar
shal of the Fraternal Eagles.
from tho Southern Pacific Company for
$2500. On motion of W. .7. Martin of th«
executive committee, a vote of thanks
was tendered :<> the corporation not omy
for its liberality in this case but for the
kindness it had shown fhe decoration
committee in carrying evorproons and
other decorative material from all sec
tions of the State without eharpre.
EMPLOYMENT FOR THE
RETURNING SOLDIERS
Active stops will now ho takon to se
ruro employment for all the mombers of
the returning California companies who
may be in need of it. The ' employment
committee mot yesterday afternoon and
the mcmiicrs decided on concerted action.
A. M. Lawrence, Captain Charles Nelson,
F. H. Vail and Rabbi Voorsanger of the
committee were present. Rabbi Voor
ganger made several pertinent sugges
tions which were afterward incorporated
in a resolution and adopt) d.
Tho employment committee will mopt
every afternoon ai the Headquarters-
Tont and devise means to reach tic em
ployers. A circular letter will be ad
dressed to every employ* r urging upon
him tlii necessity <<f providing labor for
the soldiers, of whom It is calculated that
• Hales. I Hales.
We close every day at 6, including Saturday. \
> day for decorations, s
x £<Jy seen our store front yet ? *
X mi » come inside, where a miniature i
C m^ camp in the forest carries the V^
1 jf/*k military idea to completion. *
Hurrah Rooster Hats, paper 5c doz.— soc gross
£ 10-lnch Oval Japanese Lanterns Oc — sOc dozen j
\ 12-lnch Oval Japanese Lanterns lOc each— sl dozen £
\ Fancy Japanese Lanterns .• ]2e each— s.l.2o dozen
J Fancy Japanese Lanterns  15c each— so dozen f
r Fancy Japanese Lanterns ■. 2Oc each — $2.25 dozen M
V Jubilee Toot Horns, 18-Inch lOc each 6-foot Wool Bunting Flags »3 each f
A Jubilee Toot Horns. 22-inch 15c each I 9-foot Wool Bunting Flags $5 each
mT 7-Inch Muslin Flags on sticks — Sc doz. 10-foot Wool Bunting Flags *6 each
¥■ 9-inch Muslin Flags on sticks — 12c doz. 1 16- foot Wool Bunting Flags $14 each ■
11-inch Muslin Flags on sticks. ..2sc doz. 7xlo Silk Flags... 15c each
■ V IS-lnch' Muslin Flags on sticks... 4Oc doz. Sxl2 Silk Flags 2Oc each C
27-inch Muslin Flags on sticks. ..7sc doz. 1 12x18 Silk Flags 35c each
f 36-inch Muslin Flags on sticks. Sl.sO doz. Itix24 Silk Flags sOc each
I 43-inch Muslin Flags on sticks. sl. NO doz. 24x36 Silk Flags $1.00 each M
4-foot Cotton Flags, fast colorj..sOe each 32x48 Silk Flags $1.75 each f
J 6-foot Cotton Flags, fast colors. ..sl each 36x60 Silk Flags SB.OO each V
£ 8-foot Cotton Flags, fast c010r5.52.25 each,4Sx72 Silk Flags $5.00 each . J
y Style starters in tailor-made suits: the latest novelties \
i from New York just in: first shown to-day. /
X ginghams 7c yard veilings 25c yard J
S. 2500 yards zephyr gingham. 32 Inches! A biff line ! just in of Tuxedo, Brussels V
f wide, In light colors; regular 12& c quality, and Russian net, plain and dotted. :
. " Black, all styles. ...2sc to $1.50 a yard 1
V Plain chiffon veiling V
Xcambric 10c yard _ ■■■,■;■■- 4oc, sOc. «;oc a yard Q
f " , . Dotted chiffon veiling sOc a yard X\
I 25 pieces shirt waist cambric, soft finish, Wash veils 25c to $1 OO a
In Dink, lavender and white grounds, *»_..« __ f
stripes and dots, 32 Inches wide. 100x100: C I BSp gloves $1.00 (
£ square cloth; 15-cent quality. The "H. B." glove, a soft, pliable guar- \
§ \ . ■ anteed glove, cleaned and mended free ■
C. ' '-" > of charge. ■ \
S ?lannel ; 4 ° C yard 4-button gloves... $1.25 S
J 15 pieces silk embroidered cream skirt- ; «___ o Ua litv as 3 cla-n T .,, v1 . m r
C ing flannel, yard wide; 50-cent quality. ! g^.u^.in aU "zesf^larly C
i bed sheets '. 32H: 3-clasp g10ve5......... ....... $1.50 1
C^ 20 dozen unbleached sheets, Slx9o, full j The famous Hte. Jouvin gloves, guar- \
size for double bed, two-inch hem; 40-cent anteed. perfect fit; come in all the new- J
1 quality. • lest shades.- ■ . .■ r.
X September 15. 935-937-939-941-943-945-047 country.
V . Market Street. J
at least 60 per cent will be in need of
work. Comraitteeman Vail suggested
that committees be appointed to wait on
the former employers of the soldiers.
"I will take one company myself." said
Mr. Vail. "I intended to go away on my
vacation, but 1 will spend it in this laud
able movement."
Rabbi Voorsanger pledged the earnest
efforts of the Emmanuel Sisterhood for
another company. Chairman Lawrence
advised the enlarging of the committee,
and this was unanimously resolved upon.
Each member will bring three gentlemen
with him at the meeting next Monday
afternoon, thus increasing the committee
to eighteen members.
Parents are requested to communicate
with Miss Josie Molloy at the Headquar
ters Tent 'regarding the employment of
th.ir sons, and their applications for
work will be registered. There are al
ready over 100 applications, which will be
confined solely to the members of the
i 'alifornta volunteers.
The Buckman Contracting Company has
notified the committee that it will give
employment to between 2*> and 300 of the
returning soldiers. They can keep tlu-m
busy for fuHy six months.
Murdoch .*.- Co. will reinstate their for
mer einployt a who left th<ir service to
join i!." volunteers, and Daniel Foley will
do llkewUe.
Appi als have been received by the cr>m
mittf" to make some provision for M'sa
Annie J. Garlick of Pomona, who is re
turning on the transport Sherman. At the
commencement of the war, it is stated,
sly resigned a good position in Southern
California and offered her services as n
trained nurse. When the California boys
lefl for the Philippines she went
with them and has done noble
service In caring for the sick and wounded
of the regiment. Shp has toiled without
compensation and will return to her na
tive land practically without funds. Th"
appeals of those who have Interested
themselves in the young woman have been
referred to the employment committee,
and If it is found upon the arrival of the
transport that her case Is as reported she
will be provided for.
CHUTES WILL ASSIST
TO SWELL THE FUND
The Chutes has fallen in lino with other
places of amusement in the city with an
offer to glvs a benefit for the reception
fund Tuesday evening. Augrust 2'J.. A
rompany of juvenile prolessionals will
present Francis Powers' tragedy. "The
First Horn." The original scenery for
tl]< j performance Jias Keen loaned hy the
Alcazar Theater. George. Oshurne will re
hearse the youngr people and the music
will he from the original score. The
gross receipts of the Rate and theater
will he Riven to the fund. The srenerous
offer has been accepted and (Jeorge Plppy
and Julius Kahn appointed to look after
O.\>- finance committee's end of the affair.
WILL AWAIT SHERMAN
OFF THE FARALLONES
Customs Purveyor Spear has ordered a
force of customs Inspectors to proceed
to the Farallones next Monday nipht and
remain there until the arrival of the Gov
ernment transport Sherman with the Cal
ifornia Regiment on board. Deputy Cus
toms Surveyor St. John will have charge
of the party. The inspectors will board
the Sherman as soon as she arrives and
will examine and pass the baK^asv and
other dutiable articles so that the volun
teers may not be delayed 'unnecessarily
in landing.
THE MEDAL FUND.
Secretary Dockery of the Native Sons"
fund fur medals and certificates to th"
California volunteers received yesterday
from Alameda County the sum of $54;:.
that county having previously sent $r,4;
from Stockton Parlor of the Native Sons,
$100; Sierra Parlor. J2975; Granite Parlot
of Folsom. HI SO; C. J. I. Devlin $10- H
G. W. Dlnkelsplel, M. g. Gesford 1- C
Pistolesi, Tom Currao and J. K. Haw
kins, $r. each; Martinoni & Podesta. $3.
This makes a total to date, of $7.^7. The
Los Angeles committee telegraphed yes
terday that it would send $T>o) to-day, 'and
San Diepo's committee announced by
wire that it would send its contribution
to-day, but the amount was not stated.
The conference committee of the Native
Sons and Daughters will meet the medai
committee next Tuesday to fix the time
for the distribution of Ehe medals and
certificates.
RECEPTION NOTES.
In order that all who are employed in
stores may have an opportunity to pre
pare for tiie parade, a movement was
started in earnest yi sterday to have all
retail storekeepers dose their places of
business at 5 o'clock on the afternoon of
the turnout. A communication was sent
to the Merchants' Association asking
that body to Interest itself with a view
to have early closing all over the city.
The senior captain of the British ships
in port at this time. Captain Rae of the
Spring+nirn. in company with Rev. H.
O'Rourke. chaplain at 'the Seamen's In
stitute, called at headquarters to ask
permission to have the apprentice boya
of all the British vessels in port appear
in line. The permission was given and
the boys in their neat uniforms will be
detailed as escort to the division of the
Sons of St. George.
El Dorado Parlor of the Native Sons, in
addition to taking an active part In the
parade, will arrange a special reception
to six of its members who are with the
Califoi-nia volunteers. These are Lieu
tenant John A.Koster, of the Heavy Ar
tillery; Frederick A. Jaggs, Carl Rock
witz, John P. Gaffney and A. E. Ehrenp
fort of the First California
Grand Marshal Pistoles! and his chief
aid, A. L. Morgenstern, called at the of
fice of the German Consul yesterday by
invitation and there met Captain Jacob
son of the German cruiser Geier, win in
formed them that he accepted on behalf
of himself, his officers and men the in
vitation to take part in the parade.
ANOTHER PRETENDER
"Jules I." Declares That He Is the
Grandson of the Due de
Berri.
Another pretender to the throne nt
France has just made his appearance In
Paris. He styles himself Jules I and says
he is the grandson of the Due dfl :
For the moment, and until his kingship Is
proclaimed, lie resides In the second Btory
of a house in the faubourg St. Honor, not
far from ihe palace of the Elysee. In ;>-r
--vlewed rs regards his position, he paid.
"Ask me what you like and I will tell
you. but before doing so I must tell you
that 1 have .Hist lost my dear and
mother. Slu- was thrown into thf> common
grave of the cemetery of St. Oven and< r
the name of Mme. de Bourbon, instead "i
being buried, as she ought to have been,
in the royal basilica at St. Denis. But
what does it matter? Honors to me are
indifferent. Ingratitude is the law of the
world. Thus ar the Church of St. Philippe
dv Rnule. which was built by my august
relative. Charles X. the priests refused to
celebrate mass for her. Misfortune
fallen heavily on my house. My rent has
not been paid, and yet it was I who saved
France from the Germans. You ask me
why I do not appeal to the public powers.
Alas! I haw written twice to the Finance
Minister, but got no reply. I wrote also
to the Prefect of the Seine, and he sent
me 10 francs. What was this for a de
scendant of Louis XVIII?"
His Majesty, it may be added, is a short.
stout man of middle ape, but his mind'
appears to be somewhat out of joint.
London Globe.
■ ♦ ■ .
Among the American actresses who
have married millionaires are Edith Kinc
don, now Mrs. George Gould; Hope Booth,
now Mrs. James A. G. Earll;; Julia Ar
thur, now Mrs. B. P. Cheney; Gracn jg*ji_
kins, now Mrs. Adolph Ma'rix: Rolands
Davis, now Mrs. Charles S. Lealier; Ada
Dare, now Mrs. Frank Ehret. and Graco
Kimball, now Mrs. Lawrence McGuire.
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR SATURDAYS SPECIALS !
GRANULATED best cane SUGAR
20 lbs $1.00
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS 200
Guaranteed first class or money refunded.
Last sale made us many friends.
REGULAR 23c DOZEN.
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg- 12'^c
CREAMERY BUTTER, squares.. 40c
This sale Is the finest of Northern Creamery.
Excels all others.
REGULAR 50c.
GUARANTEED to! Eastern HAMS, 13 I2Cl 2C
REGULAR ISe.
EASTERN PICNIC H MS 9 c
['- -.-• V REGULAR 10c.
MACARONT, VERMICELLI, box 20c
And Spaghetti. White and Yellow
• REGULAR 25c.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, MB can 40c
REGULAR (fie.
COUNTRY ORDERS filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge 100 miles
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. ' No Branch Stores.
Always
Good Coffee
Big Presents
• At
Great American Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
t STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.