VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 125.
NOW COMES THE GREAT
INTERNATIONAL STRUGGLE
FOR THE AMERICA'S CUP
All the Preliminaries Arranged for the First of
the Series of Yacht Races To-Day and the
Owners of Both the Columbia and
Shamrock Are Confident.
"Tk T.BWTORK. Oct. 2.-Xow come
l\l w * t0 the yacht races— the inter-
I \| national contest which Is excit-
JL 1 ing co much international atten
; tion. And unless all signs fail,
the series of races which begins to-mor-
TW will exceed in interest any similar
contest of the past. For there are many
new features which will distinguish
•■■this BtrUgrgle of the challenger to "lift"
the cup and the effort '>f the defending
yacht to defeat that end.
Perhaps the most notable feature is
-.'not that the races are to be eon
::;-;• < invernment auspices.
Revenue cutters and torpedo-boats are
to; keep a surveillance over the oxrur-
Bion fleet and to see that no vessel ap
proaches near enough to interfere with
the racing yachts. This duty of keep-
Ing the course clear has been placed in
the hands of Captain Robley I 1 Evans.
It. may be unnecessary to add to the
ral opinion that under Buch cir
cumstance? the course will be
The work of keeping it - likely
to be easy, as the excursion fleet is by
:■ followed
the f racing craft on this
Atlantic. A glance over the
. list oi rtised for this
will show what a - irray it is.
■al vessel was long ago on
neighboring ports —
LIPTON AND ISELIN ARE
EACH CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— 1 think
the. cup is sa!>. From all accounts
the Shamrock is a . t, but
■ y opinion the Columbia Is a
r one. We have developed
I of the Columbia from
the. time ?he left the ways at Bris
have made experiments
tuning up and trial spins, and
hang< b thac w i
. : b •. ":• •he < lolum
- - <i. Mr. Herreshoff has
ad.: himself <>n th» yacht, and
• t se< h' w it could possibly
:-i any way. The Colum
start on her i
al st ruggle and will
certainly give the best there is in
her: The contests "ill be exciting
ones,. I 'imagine, as the English
■ - • nsiderably
r : than any other challenger
that has ever been sent over. But
the Shamrock will hardly prove
• ating our yacht. It
nee is only
t that we have al
. won in the past, I do not
c - th ugh, ac I have been
ie Columbia on all her trials.
?.m -convin Ed that the de
t moves ; along faster than
■ ins carrying canvas.
C. < ' ISELIX.
•from. Boston, .Baltimore. Philadelphia,
;ev:en-,?sfa:r -south- as Florida— other ex- j
cilrslon 1 raft have been chartered and j
brought here, for this "big International ■
eVont. •. And even,: with this great num-
; .ber of. boats the .carrying capacity
y.-ill. probably not be equal to the 'ask j
; of accommodating all who wish to see
' the- races^ ;'.:.; ' :: ' :.
: What tends .additional Interest to the
co.nt.Pirt is -the personality of the gallant
:jggn'&&j& J tiifth6 has challenged for the!
ciip..; 'He; '• is : exceedingly anxious to j
.";ift"tha't trophy, but if he fails in his !
[ambjtlon'/he promises te take his defeat I
like /&■. true sports-man, and so far from 1
The San Francisco Call.
WATCH THE CALL BULLETINS
ON THE BIG YACHT RACE TO-DAY
Bulletins of the first of the international yacht races to-day are
to be sent to New York by wireless telegraphy by Signor Marconi,
the inventor of the wonderful system, thence flashed across the con
tinent by direct wire to the office of The Call. You will, therefore,
get the earliest reports of the race by watching the bulletins dis
played by The Call.
causing any unpleasant episodes, Buch
as marked the last effort to win the
cup, Sir Thomas has already intimated
that he may challenge agrain if the Co
lumbia should prove to be faster than
the Phammck. He is not sure but that
he will have to do so, if he means to
capture th^ cup, for in an event of this
sort nothing can he sure. H.^ is confi
that he has the fastest
yacht that ha? ever challenged for th»
cup. Oliver Iseiin. on the other hand,
is equally certain that thp Columbia is
the fastest craft that was ever built
fend it. Certain it is that the new
rup defender has beaten the old De
fender m every race in which the two
have met, and to outstrip the Valkyr:--
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— 1 came
over here to lift that cup. Per
haps I may not succeed. But I
have never failed before, and do
not believe that fat" will be un
kind to me this time. I know you
Americans are so accustomed to
winning yacht races you don't
think it possible that the Colum
bia will be defeated. It's a good
spirit to show. too. I admire it.
You had better get another view.
though, or you may have to pay a
visit to Ireland to take another
look at it. Designer Herfeshoff
is a great man and ha« i
ed in constructing wonderfully
speedy yachts. I have spent
money freely to get a boat that
would be th-' fastest afloat. Real
izing thr-se things, the smartest
men of the nautical craft in Great
Britain have- lent th- ir aid. To
morrow will tell how great a suc
cess or failure we have made, if
It so happens that we have not ac
complished our aim this time, we
will see you again. N'f-xt year we
will come back with a better boat.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON.
victor on every point "f sailing and
under almost all conditions is no small
triumph.
Mr. Iselln is to sail the Columbia,
aided by Captain "Charlie" Barr. Cap
tains Hogarth and Wringe. two of tho
most expert of the British yacht cap
tains, are to sail the Shamrock. As an
r they will have with them Cap
tain "Ben" Parker of Emperor Wil
liam's yacht, the Meteor.
Important and interesting is the fol
lowing agreement entered into by the
two contestants. It is significant, too,
h iwing the spirit which animates
h.«th the English knight and the Amer
ican yachtsman. The agreement is as
follows:
How the Yacht Race Will Be Sailed.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
Inasmuch as wp arp of the opinion that
the America's cup races arp no less a t p st
of Btrengtb of construction of competing
vessels than of their sailing finalities, and
it is deemed advisable to avoid the em
barrassment in which a vessel finds itself
when called upon to decide whether to
withdraw from a race upon the occur
rence of an accident disabling her com
petitor, it is agreed that in the races be
□ the Shamrock and the Columbia
each yacht shall stand by the eonse
ea of ;iny accident happening to her,
hat the uninjured vessel shall sail
out the race.
SIR THOMAS LTPTON,
C. OLIVER IBELIN.
It is conceded that weather condi
tions will be an important factor in the
race, as all who have followed the per
formance of the two yachts believe that
the Shamrock is much more dangerous
in ;i good stiff wind than she is in a
light one. If weather experts prove
right the Shamrock will have a wind of
li^r own choosing to-morrow. "Wind
fresh to brisk' is the Washington fore
cast, and therein seems another case pf
"Upton luck."
Fifteen miles to windward and re
turn, or a fifteen-mile run out and a
beat back, according to the direction
of the wind, will comprise to-morrows
race. If the wind be off shore the
yachts will go before "end on" to tho
Duter mark and then beat back to the
finish. If the wind be from the oppo
site direction the racers will beat out
;ind run back.
The start will be made from Sandy
Hook lightship at as near 11 a. m. as
practicable, the preparatory signal
being given fifteen minutes in advance.
But always with the understanding
that should the wind prevent the lay
ing- of the course from the lightship the
starting line will be shifted to the
nearest available point, and that in this
case the preparatory signal will be
given about half an hour before the
time set for starting from the light
ship.
The courses will be as follows:
No. 1. — From the starting line to and
around a mark fifteen miles to wind
ward or leeward, and return, leaving
the mark on the starboard hand.
No. 2. — From the starting line ten
miles to and around a mark, ten miles
to and around a second mark, and ten
miles to finish line, leaving the marks
f-n the outside of the triangle, to port
.r starboard, according as the vessels
are sent around.
The starting and finish lines will be
between a point on the committee boat
indicated by a white flag and the main
mast of the lightship, or other stake
boat if the start is shifted from the
lightship. These lines will be at right
angles with the outward and home
courses respectively.
The goal, or turning point (outer
mark), which each yacht will strive to
reach and round before the other, is
Continued on Second Face
DEWEY WELCOMED AT WASHINGTON BY
THE NATION'S CHIEF EXECUTIVE,
Admiral and President Review One of the Most Dazzling Night Parades
Ever Held at the Capital.
Scene in the East Room of the White House, Where Admiral
Dewey Was Presented to the President by Secretary Long.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 2. -The
home-coming of Admiral
George Dewey — for hence
forth the national capital is
to be his horne — was made
the occasion for the greatest tribute
ever paid by Washington to any indi
vidual. After the preliminary welcome
in New York, itself unsurpassed in its
kind, it remained for the highest and
greatest in the official world to hold
out the hand of greeting to the famous
admiral and to join with the people
who are to be his fellow citizens in bid
ding him welcome. The citizens had
made every preparation to make the
occasion worthy of their hero. The dec
orations were elaborate. Pennsylvania
avenue was <me mass of colored bunt
ing along the entire line of march, from
the station to the White House, and,
not content with this, few private
citizens failed to make some dis
play of color on their residences.
T'nique designs dotted the horizon;
great searchlights threw beams of
bright light across the blue sky on a
clear October evening and "the stately
Capitol stood revealed in its queenly
beauty in the powerful rays of many
concentrated lights.
The same device was used effectively
in the case of other public buildings
i within the range of vision of Admiral
Dewey and the President, as they re
viewed the throng of people from the
prow of the white Olympia projecting
from the center of the stand erected
Just south of the Treasury building at
the head of Pennsylvania avenue. On
the facade of the newly completed Gov-
I ernmont Posurffiee building flamed
forth two inscriptions set in electric
points, the one reciting the famous
; message of the President directing
Tir-.sey, then thousands of miles away
in the Far East, to go forth to destroy
the Spanish Meet, and the other setting
out the famous admiral's direction to
the lamented Gridley, "You may fire
when you are ready, Gridlc*y." which
marked an epoch in the history of the
T'nit^d States. Twelve thousand mem
bers of civic organizations paraded be
fore him. besides tens of thousands of
non-organized citizens, and in a roar at
cannon rockets and the blaze of red fire
and the thunderous cheering of the
populace and the warm greeting of the
head of the nation Dewey came to the
i national capital and to a welcome such
as has not been known here hitherto.
His journey from New York had been
one continuous ovation, limited in its
intensity only by. the density of popu
| lation. The decorated special train
j which left the Pennsylvania Railroad
ferry slip in Jersey City at 1:50 o'cloch
in the afternoon was fully in keeping
with its distinguished passenger. It
was made up of fi% - e cars, the Penn
sylvania's prize special, the Atalanta,
1 a dining-car, a combination smoker
| and three parlor cars for the accom-
I mod&tion of the Washington reception
j committee. The special was given a
' clear track and the run to Washington
! was made without a stop except at
i Grays Ferry, on the outskirts of Phil
! adelphia, where engines were changed
! and a new train crew came aboard.
| Almost immediately after going aboard
' the train the admiral retired to his
private car for luncheon, which was
; served for six— Admiral Dewey, his son
i George, his brother and wife, Captain
i Lamberton and Lieutenant Brumby.
Thereafter the admiral lay down and
' tried to get a little sleep, but this was
impossible owing to the continuous
ovation along the line.
It was said by the railroad officials
and trainmen that the ovation during
; the run from New York to Washington
1 was the most remarkable demonatra
j tion that has ever taken place along
j the line. Every town turned out its
full population and every house and
! crossroads settlement was turned in-
I side out to see the flying special pass.
! It had been the intention of the well
i meaning committee to notify all towns
along the route at what hour the spe
cial might be expected, but the train
1 dispatcher at Jersey City headed them
j off and offered a hasty protest, saying
i that it was next to impossible to get
> the special out of town and that notice
in advance would probably block the
tracks. Apparently, however, the rail
road telegraph operators had passed
the tip along and the crowds were on
hand as though they had been sent for.
A bare stop was made at Princeton,
i where young Dewey had been a stu
-1 dent, and the admiral went to the plat-
I form for a minute, merely saying to
; the boys that he was pleased with the
I reception they had given him. It was
i such a reception as an Emperor might
| have envied, every student of the col
> i laze town beine in evidence as well as
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— lt is
said to-night that Admiral
Dewey is engaged to marry the
widow of the late General Wil
liam B. Hazen, who is a daugh
ter of Mrs. Washington McLean,
at whose home the admiral is be
ing entertained. The rumor is
widely current, and in fact has
been in the air ever since the an
nouncement was made that Ad
miral Dewey would be the guest
of the McLean household during
the reception festivities, but has
not been confirmed. Mrs. Hazen
is a sister of John R. McLean.
Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Ohio, and remarkable
alike for her great beauty and
wealth.
the whole population of the place, while
college yells resounded above the rum
ble of the departing train.
Admiral Dewey was particularly
touched all along the line by the num
ber of children who turned out to see
him. They formed a very large part
of the crowd in every town, and wher
ever there was a schoolhouse the chil
dren had evidently been given a spe
cial recess to come out and cheer the
train. There was another large crowd
of children at Baltimore, and Admiral
Dewey. who had come to the rear
platform for the sixth or seventh time
on the trip, said to the trainmaster,
who was standing by him, that he felt
more touched and complimented by the
attention of the children than by al
most any other thing that had hap
pened since his return to America.
. All along the line every train, freight
and passenger, that passed the special
saluted it with a long drawn blast of
the whistle, and in all the large towns
where the flyer slowed down within the
city limits there was a continual roar
of steam from factories, machine shops
and the shifting engines and trains on
the sidings. Every engineer seemed to
have been bottling up steam for an
hour in advance and hung out of h ; s
cab window with his hand on the
whistle cord while the fireman, hang
ing to the hand rails and running
board, swung the bell as though ring
ing for a crossing. Chester and Wil
mington seemed to have come down to
the depots en masse, and the train ran
slowly between wide lanes of people
from one end of the town to the other,
while every lamppost, awning pole and
shade tree bore a crop of young Ameri
cans, and the roofs of freight cars on
the siding were converted into grand
stands for the brief instant that the
train swept by. The admiral responded
good naturedly to all these calls on his
stock of strength that he had been re
serving for the trying ordeal in Wash
ington, and came time and again to
the platform to bow as the train went
by.
The train as it reached the line of the
District of Columbia stopped for a few
minutes at the little station of Dean
wood, while the reception committee
went through the formality of present
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ing the nation's guest the freedom of
the District. The ceremony was per
formed by District < 'ommissioner
Wieht in the presence of the admiral's
fleet captains, the military and naval
members of the party and as many of
the reception committee as could be
crowded into the admiral's car.
John Addison Porter, secretary to the
President, first extended President Mc-
Kinley's greetings, to which the admi
ral returned his thanks very briefly.
• '"mmissioner Wight then said: "Ad
miral Dewey, you are now in the Dis
trict of Columbia, and, representing: the
commissioners of the District, I have
the honor of tendering you the freedom,
of the- national capital, and in behalf
of the people of the District, from the
most exalted to the most humble citi
zen. I give you a sincere and cordial
welcome home. . We feel gratified that
Washington is to be your future home.
It is the best place in the world in
which to have a home. and it is fitting
that you, who have done so much for
the nation and have done such an im
portant part for the nation, should
make your future home in the nation's
capital. The people of Washington will
esteem it not only a pleasure but an
honor to do all in their power to make
your stay with us as pleasant as your
services have been successful at Ma
nila."
Admiral Dewey's reply was as brief
and characteristic as all of his other
speeches have been.
"I want to thank you very much, my
friends," he said, "for this testimonial
of your regard. It is true that as long
as I live — and I hope to live a long
time (cheers) — I intend to live in Wash
ington. I thank you again for this ex
pression."
Then dropping the tone of formality
I in which this had been uttered, he cx
i tended his hands and said heartily:
I "Now I want to see my friends. Char
' lie, old boy, how are you?" and he
; grasped C. C. Glover by the hand and
I went through the party, shaking the
i hands of all who were within reach.
In a few minutes the train was in the
i brilliantly lighted depot. The middle
i aisle of the station had been carpeted
i clear to the carriage entrance. The
I committeemen and the "fighting line,"
las the brilliantly uniformed officers
i were termed, all alighted, while A. L.
Moses, the chairman of the reception
committee, Theodore Noyes of the
i Evening Star, Commissioner Ross and
! Archibald Greenlees went into the ad
j miral's car and after a few words of
' formal greeting brought him out. Tak-
I ing the arm of Mr. Moses, he headed
! the procession down the station, while
I the officers and committeemen fell in
jat the rear. It was a procession as
I brilliant as a diplomatic reception. The
! throng about the railway station
j choked the streets for blocks above.
Troop H of the Third United States
Cavalry, under the command of Lieu
tenant Murrillat, which was to escort
i the admiral to the Executive Mansion.
j had drawn up on the east side of Sixth
! street, facing the station entrance, and,
| the United States Marine Band had
i formed on their right. The first of the2
HOW THE YACHT RACES WILL BE
REPORTED BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Just as com
■ plete arid perfect in detail as
would have been possible had a
•network of wires' been spread
leading from the office of the
Herald to the course to be followed to
morrow by the Columbia and Sham
rock is fhe gch me orranged by Signor
Marconi for reporting for the Herald
and Oa[ll the series of yacht races.
Every possible point of interest will be
under careful and constant observation
and every Incident worthy of consider
ation will be immediately bulletined by
■v Ireless t< legraphy.
Foremost In the ft>et of excursion
steamships that will follow the com
:-■ yachts will alternate the Ponce
.'mil Grande Duchesse, from each of
■which messages will be Hashed d-scrib-
Ing the maneuvers of the two racers.
( •'■ '"■ will !)•■ Si :nor Marconi.
having general direction of all the send
ing and receiving stations.
On thf Grande Duchesse T vY. J. Clarke
and C. K. Ricard will operate the send
in? apparatus. From the towering
foremasts of these two Bplendid steam
ships mysterious waves— variously
known us lit rtzlan, ether and light —
will carry the signals to be Interpreted
icperts ai Navesink Highlands and
on board the 0 i iship Mackay-
Bennetr.
From the moment a bulletin is writ
ten by the trained expert aboard the
party to leave the station was the
citizens and army and
navy officials, who had gone to New
York to meet the famous admiral and
rt him to Washington. They were
quickly followed by the admiral him
and when he appeared to take Ins
: ; ' at in the carriage the crowd went
almost wild with excitement. The
Marine Band gave the four flourishes
which naval etiquette requires, and
then played "Under the Double Eagle"
by Wagner, which is said to be a spe
cial favprlte with the admiral, and
which, at his request, the Olympiads
band played as the fleet sailed out of
the harbor of Hongkong to give battle
to the Spaniards at Manila, and again
when the famous ship started on her
homeward voyage.
The carriage which the admiral oc
cupied with Mr. Moses in going from
the Btation to the Whit- House was
strikingly handsome and was drawn
by four spirited bays ridden by postil-
As he to,,k his seat the cavalry
troops at the word of command swung
out into the' street In front and. wheel
ing to the left, began the march up
historic Pennsylvania avenue.
The entire escort being mounted, the
party proceeded rapidly toward the
White- House, the cavalry at .: trot,
with the admiral and his immediate at
tendant's closely following. There were
. but the
party moved so Quickly that it was
past the 1 crowd on the avenue as a
rule before it realize] that Dewey had
''■>'■
As the admiral's carriage swung
around the treasury toward the Whit
House/a brilliant spectacl was spread
i c him. : . To the right Lafa:
Bquare wm^ ablaze with electric lights,
the great (trees and flower beds pi
M.ng with fnany-hued lights, while In
the midst • shone out In luitv electric
letters-. "Welcome. Admiral." The
Navy I). •part;] 1 . ;.t beyond was ablaze
with lights, as were the White House
izv* iiirids.:
A mighty ronr went up from the
crowd as the admiral alighted at the
portico- of the Executive Mansion. As
he stepped ' from the carriage. Colonel
Blngham, representing the President,
stepped forward to escort him to the
Bast room, wl etary Long, As
sist;; tary Allen and a brilliant
oiblage of naval officials were
ready to extend to him the greeting of
th- navy. Secretary Long was at the
door,- and as the admiral entered the
taxy grasped his hand and with
enthusiasm said: "Admiral. I welcome
you home. This Is the Navy Depart
ment for the moment, and your asso
ciates of the navy are assembled here
to give you a hi arty greeting. "
"Thank you, thnnk you." responded
Admiral Dewey, first exchanging a few
words of greeting with th^ Secretary
and then with Mr. Allen and the other
officials. These Included Hear Admirals
Crowninshield, O'Neill, Melville, Van
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'■■; ■ Hit Jojlp CM
Often changes to the jaded woman. "I
cn't see what's come over Mary ; she
used to be such a jolly girl," was th<;
remark of a young woman visiting a
married school
• mate. Marriage
_ changes a wom-
/£%ss?&%& an - Th e ra^ ns
are so often the
fiMki s£ V%& sequence of
SJ^ h*\k marriage rob
fiaßt £& r her of all vital-
- y back her former
• ■ J I strength and
I Y^ as she was a
J^2SE*\ K 1 maid. Doctor
i^^^^^^ l^eSfshin^
~fsf\ stops the pains.
ig|ji|Pv*gV. It cures ulcera-
"^"^^^P.X tion, inflanima-
tion and female
: . • weakness. It
■""■■" " makes weak
women strong and sick women well.
For two years I had been 1 sufferer from
chronic diseases and female weakness," writes
■ Mrs. Allen A. Bobsoa, of 1125 Rodman Street,
Philadelphia, Pa. "I had two different doctors,
and they gave me medicine which only relieved
me for a time. My niece advised me to
'take Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. I con-
cluded that to open a correspondence with you
for your advice would be safest, so I did, and
have been highly benefited. I find that after
takiiiE six bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' ami
five of 'Golden Medical Discovery' and follow-
ing your advice in regard to local treatment, I
am now a strong women. Accept my sincere
thanks for the interest manifested in my case
and the happy results obtained." *
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free. Correspondence pri-
rate. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
l(\W\ Pierre's Prescription 7^
e^^ l^ Out-Ra^Sr^ißts ,f?fV
Drua Co. 1128 Market Street. 8. F.
-
1 Ponce or Grande Duchesse until It Is
posted on the boards in New York and
i San Francisco an average of less than
two minutes will elapse. At Naveslnk
W. W. Bradfield will receive messages
; from the Ponce and Grande Duchesse.
The receiving station aboard the
Mackay-Bennett boat will be in charge
of Mr. Bouden, another of Signor Mar
coni's assistants. The receiving ap
paratus on the cable ship was Installed
to-day, and is similar in every way to
that which has been successfully test
-led at Naveslnk. Signals Hashed from
the Ponce and Grande Duchesse will
be recorded In both the receiving sta
j tions. This is made possible by giving
i each of the machines what may be
crudely described as the same.elcc'iical
" key. A bettor understanding may be
had by illustrating the system by
means of tuning forks.
Two forks of the same key will re
, spond sympathetically each to the
other if either be set in motion. Forks
of dissimilar keys will not affect each
other, even though they be brought al
i:i' s\ in contact. So it is with the
, Marconi instruments. Arranged by the
master's hand, a score may be sta
tioned about, and each will respond to
tiny signal from any <>f the others.
But, by a simple reversal, the appara
] tvs may be Individualized and signals
■ between two. while none of
the other eighteen respond.
To morrow the stations at Navesink
Highlands, on the Mackay-Rennett, on
the Ponce and on the Grande
Duchesse, will all be on the same cir
; cult and each will respond to the
Reypen, Hichborn, Bradford. Sampson,
| Major General fifties, Adjutant General
Corbin, Genera! Haywuod, commanding
the Marine Corps, Captain Lemley,
1 judge advocate general of the navy,
and many others. There was little need
of Introduction, as Admiral Dewey had
served alongside most of these officials.
There was r.o formality and alter the
• greetings Secretary Long Invited
the admiral t<r accompany him to the
President's library, where Mr. McKln
ley and the members of the Cabinet
were awaiting him.
Arm in arm. Secretary Loner and the
admiral proceeded by the elevator to
the upper floor of the mansion. The
members of the <".:i -u ■ t had assembled
In the Cabinet room, while the Presi
dent was alone in the library adjoin
ing. As Secretary Long entered with
. the admiral the President i ame for
; ward to greet the famous sailor and,
! grasping his hand, wished him a hearty
welcome.
The admiral acknowledged the cor
dial sentiments expressed by the Presi
dent and then asked as to the h\-mh
of Mrs. McKinley, saying he had h ard
with great regret that she had nol beei
well. In reply the President
th.v the admiral meet Mrs. McKinley.
They stepped oul to Ih • corridor, where
Mrs. McKinley makeg a sitting room,
and here found her with some of her
lady friends. The admiral was present
ed and received from Mrs. McKinley,
a.s well as the President, a must hearty
me home.
Returning to the library the Presi
dent invited his Cabinet associates to
mp»»t the admiral. Secretary Haj head
.■! Tin party, followed by Secretary
Hitchcock. Postmaster General Smith.
Attorney General Griggs, Secretary
Root and Secretary Wilson. Former
Secretary Alger was also present, hav
ing been requested by the President to
.1 in the party, and was among those to
j m<>et the admiral. The greetings with
the Cabinet were brief and then the
President and Admiral Dewey headed
the party toward the reviewing stand.
, They passed out of the rear of the
White House, down the gravel walks
and i vi to the street in the rear of the
treasury. The crowd seemed to know
that the hero was approaching, for a
great wave of cheering went up and
Pennsylvania avenue was bathed in
light from end to end.
The stand had been erected at the
head of Pennsylvania avenue, just
south of the Treasury Department
building, anil as Dewey moved through!
: the stand to the prow built out from its
front leaning on the arm of President
McKinley the crowd started a mighty
cheer, which passed down the avenue
and was taken up for blocks. The ad
! miral frequently bowed his acknowl
edgments. The President and Ad
! miral Dewey were joined at the front
: of the stand by Secretaries Hay. Root,
! Hitchcock and Wilson and Postmaster
General Smith, officers of the Olympia
and 'other naval officials. As the cheer- j
ing at length died away the admiral I
turned to President McKinley and the
two, seating, turned to conversation
while awaiting the procession.
The head of the civic parade which
had been arranged In honor of the ad
miral began to pass in review before
him shortly after 8 o'clock. There were
' many novel and interesting features re
lieving the sameness of the ordinary
I civic parade. The spectacle, as the
I marchers came up the length of the
avenue In the glare of the red lights,
• under sweeping arches of stars from
; thousands of roman candles, was beau
tiful and impressive. The beginning of
I the march was heralded by the burst
! ing of thousands of giant crackers,
! while bombs along the line sent show-
I ers of fire into the air.
The column was headed by General
i George Harris, chief marshal, leading
| a numerous body of bicyclists. The
j wheels were interwoven with garlands
i and wreaths of flowers and greens and
jTolored bunting, and every wheelman
carried Chinese lanterns. Many were
in costume. Close behind the splendid j
Marine Band came the veteran organi
\ zations, and Dewey, himself a veteran
, and a Grand Army of the Republic
, man, looked with pride, mingled with
i sorrow, upon the gray heads who
; marched past with as bold a step as
advancing years permitted. Rounds of
' applause went out to the veterans of
| the Spanish war, who mustered in
, creditable numbers for the parade.
A formidable detachment in the line
l was that of the International Machin
ists, following a great 5-inch rifle can
. non from the Washington navy yard,
1 bearing the inscription: "We make the
guns for Dewey."
The Catholic societies of the District
j made a special effort to do honor to j
the admiral and with excellent results,
I for their contingent was one of the j
most numerous and effective in the j
column. They bore great illuminated j
crosses. Many of the orders were in !
uniform, and all of the marchers car
i ried flaming red torches.
The letter carriers had all of the
j local postal cars in line, ablaze with
I electric light, spelling words of welcome
to Dewey. One of their features was a
gigantic illuminated envelope addressed
to Admiral George # Dewey. Manila, and
J marked "Returned" to Washington."
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1809.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Naval
Constructor Francis T. Bowles,
who docked the Columbia and
Shamrock in the navy-yard, said
to-day when asked his opinion
of the relative merits of the two
boats:
"It is hard to form an opinion
■which is of any value on a mere
inspection of boats as they lie
in the drydock, so much depends
on the distribution of the weight
and sail. From all that I could
see, however, the advantage ap
pears to me to be decidedly
with the Columbia."
others.
The United States Government fully
appreciates the importance of the re
searches and expeditions made by
ir Marconi into the mysterious
world of electricity. After the yacht !
l-aces th.- inventor of wireless teleg- j
raphy is to conduct a series of demon- !
strations for the benefit of the experts
ted by ti ! - Secretary of War.
These demonstrations will probably
be made on land as well as at sea, and
a riew long-distance record may be ex- ;
. j Representatives of the navy
will be stationed on board the Ponce :
- nd at Naveslnk Highlands to-morrow i
tor the purpose of watching the work j
The German societies had a most
creditable representation, and alto
gether the civic parade was a worthy
one As the rear of the column passed
the public fell in behind ? nd
before the reviewing stand, for an hour
to get a glimpse of their hero. Dewey
The crowd was so eager to see Dewey
that they spoiled the effectiveness of
this part of the arrangements b>
breaking through the ropes and surging
about the grand stand, where they
gave vent to wild cheering and a noisy
demonstration that completely upset
this part of the review. Admiral
Dewey gave frequent acknowledgment
to the cheers for him and, seeing that
the review had lost its distinctive char
acter as a procession, quitted his place
early and with the President, followed
by the members of the Cabinet, left the
stand the admiral proceeding to the
home 'of his hostess, Mrs. McLean, and
some of the others -accompanying the
President to the White House.
The procession was in line for a hair
hour later and there were frequent sa
lutes in ignorance of the admiral ab-
It was 9:10 o'clock when the fatigued
recipient of the day's demonstration
reached the residence of Mrs. Washing
ton McLean, mother of the Democratic
candidate for Governor of Ohio, on X
street, facing Farragut square. He -was
accompanied by Chairman Moses, his
two aids. Lieutenants Brumby and
Caldwell, and his son. George C. Dewey,
arriving at the same time. The admiral
was met at the head of the staircase
by Mrs. McLean and her daughters,
Mrs. Hazen and Mrs. Ludlow, and her
grandson. Captain Frederick Beger.
Mrs. McLean welcomed the admiral
and turned over the house to him for
his use during his stay in Washington.
Mrs. McLean and the members of her
family then left, going to her country
residence, Beaver, in the suburbs of
Washington. The admiral had arrived
sooner than was expected and before
a crowd had collected. Presently the
people surged on all sides and for some
time would not believe the officer, who
said the admiral was inside. A band
came up and serenaded the admiral,
the crowd cheered and cheered and fin
ally Dewey appeared at the window
and bowed his ackowledgments. Cries
of "Speech, speech" were heard on
every side, but met with no response.
Luncheon was served by 9:30 o'clock
and then the admiral retired. Crowds
lingered about the house for some time.
NOW COMES THE GREAT
INTERNATIONAL STRUGGLE
FOR THE AMERICA'S CUP
Continued from First Pagp.
to be a white float, carrying a red ball
with horizontal white stripes. The po
sition of the mark will be indicated by
a two-masted tug lying about one hun
dred yards beyond. The tutr will carry
a red ball at each masthead and will
swing a red ball from the triatic stay.
I Should a mark be wrecked its place
will be taken by its marking tug,
which will display a red flag with a
diagonal white stripe in addition to
other indication?, and the turning tug
directions for the mark will govern.
These are the starting signals:
Preparatory— A gun will be fired, the
"Blue Peter" set and a red ball hoisted.
Start— Fifteen minutes later a gun will
te fired and the ball will drop. Handicap
time, two minutes later, a gun will be
fired and the "Blue Peter" hauled down.
Should a signal gun miss fire, a pro
longed blast of a whistlo will be Rivrn.
At the finish a short blast will be given
as each vessel crosses the line.
Preliminary— Should the start be mate
rially postponed (fifteen minutes or over),
a preliminary signal will be made by the
discharge of a gun and the display of a
yacht ensign fifteen minutes prior to the
preparatory signal. At night after dark
at the marking tugs and at the finish line
the committee bo;it (and stake boat, if
the start has been shifted from the light
ship) will show four red lights horizontal
ly, and the guide vessel will show four
white lights in a similar manner, and the
marks will hang two white lights verti
cally.
Fog— At three-minute Intervals the
marking tugs will give five short w"histle
blasts, with two-second Intervals between
the second and third and the fourth and
tlfth, and if the start has been shifted
from the lightship, at the finish line the
committee boat will strike five strokes
upon the bell.
The races shall be sailed on Tues
days, Thursdays and Saturdays until
completed, commencing on Tuesday,
October 3. The racing rules, time al
lowances and system of measurement
of the New York Yacht Club shall
govern. Best three out of five races,
each thirty nautical miles in length,
over the ocean courses outside of the
headlands and with a time limit of five
and a half hours, the first, third and
fifth races being fifteen mlies to win
ward or leeward and return, and the
second and fourth being around an
equilateral triangle, ten miles to a leg.
In every case the outward course shall
be laid to windward if possible and
from Sandy Hook lightship.
If a race has not been started by
1:30 p. DO. the committee may postpone
it for the day and no race shall be
started after 8 p. m. The committee
may postpone the start In case of ac
cident or if the course cannot be laid
from the lightship, as already stated.
| done by Signor Marconi and his eorp3
of assistants. To-day Signor Marconi
received the folowing message relative
to tests during the trip down the bay
i on Sunday afternoon:
, GOVERNORS IST. AND, N. V.. Oct. 2.—
i Signor Marconi: Captain Squier wishes
, to have me convey to you his compliments
.md congratulations on yesterday's work.
WIL.DMAN, Signal Officer.
W. J. Clarke, general manager of the
i United States Electrical Supply Com
] pany of this city, who will be in charge
] on the Grande Duchesse, began experi
-1 menting in wireless telegraphy in the
year 1881, when he was a resident of
; Trenton, Canada. Mr. Clarke was the
■ first in this country to take up and
; follow the work of Mr. Marconi, and al
; though many others have followed in
I the same line, Mr. Clarke has been by
• far the most successful.
The transmitter which will be used
upon the Grande Duchesse will consist
]of a specially designed transformer
which converts a perfectly harmless
current of a small storage battery into
, a current of hundreds of thousands of
; volts. One terminal of the transformer
; will be connected to a perpendicular
j wire hung from the foremast of the
1 ship and the other terminal will be im
mersed in water. Immediately at the
I transformer, however, the two ter
i minals will be provided with brass
balls on oscillators placed about half
;an inch apart. The transmitter key is
: somewhat similar to the ordinary tele
graph key, and is arranged so that
: when it is pressed a current from the
battery is turned into the transformer
if in their opinion the space around the
starting line is not sufficiently dear in
case of fog and if both vessels assent
to a postponement, !n which case the
time of starting will be fixed by the
committee.
The committee boat will display the
I committee flag and at the finish of
each race she will display a red ball.
The courses will be laid by Lieutenant
Commander H. H. Hosley, United
I States navy (New York Yacht Club).
The guide vessel will be under com
| ma ml of Lieutenant R. T. Mullivan,
United States navy (New York Yacht
Club). On starting she will display
two speed cones, and when half way
down the course will masthead a third.
When stationary the cones will be re
versed. Should it be necessary to move
the starting line from the lightship an
emergency tug will act as stakeboat at
the start and finish, and a like com
mittee boat will display a red b&ll. The
seagoing tug Luckenbach will be the
committee boat and will take up a po
sition near the lightship, the line be
tween the two being the line which the
yachts will cross at the start and at
the finish.
SHAMROCK SECURES
A TIME ALLOWANCE
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.-One of th«
greatest surprises for yachtsmen
since the arrival of the Shamrock In
these waters was the announcement
officially made at the New York Yacht
Club to-night that the Columbia would
have to allow the Shamrock six and
thirty-one hundredths seconds on a
thirty-mile course.
It was generally supposed by yachts
men who have sees both yachts sail
and in the drydock that the Shamrock
by reason of , 1( -r greater sail spread
and apparently larger hull, would have
to give the Columbia something like a
minute time allowance over the thirty
mile courses which they are to sail. It
appears, however, that Designer Fife,
while giving the Shamrock a larger sail ;
plan than the Columbia has, at the
same time so constructed her hull so as
to give her greater free board, less
displacement and consequently a
shorter waterline by almost two feet.
At , o'clock to-night two of the regu
lation measurer's certificate ns, one
showing the Columbia's measurements
the other the Shamrock's, were posted
on the bulletin board of the New ¥ork
Y;i< hi club's house. They were Bigned
by the dub's official measurer, John
Hyslop, and read as follows:
Dimensions— Length of water line Co
lumbia 98.66, Shamrock 57.69.
From after end of mall boon to forward
point of measurement, Columbia * 181.62
feet, Shamrock I&U3.
From foresail i f foremast to forward
point of measu -ement, Columbia 73 35,
bhumroek 79.46.
Extreme of spinnaker boom, Columbia
(3.X5, bhamrook 79,-iii.
Main gaff, Columbia 64.95, Shamrock '
G< .64.
Topmast— Columbia's length 64.50 minus 1
one-fifth, equals 61.60; Shamrock's top
mast s,viM>, minus one-fifth, equals 4-;.4...
Height of upper side of main boom to
topsail halyard block. Columbia 134 7;,
Shamrock 126.28.
Square feet of sail area ;us per rule, Co
lumbia 114.61, Shamrock M.h>.
Hailing length as pei run . ( lolumbia
102.135. Shamrock 101.92.
Tlu- Shamrock's topmast measures 58.6,
one-iifth uft, leaving 46.45 feet.
By these figures it will be seen that
all the Shamrock's spars, except the
topmast, are longer than those of the
Columbia. For instance, the Columbia's
main boom measures 108.27; the Sham
rock's 109.67, making the latter spar
1.40 longer than the Columbia's. Meas
urements of the gaff show 2.69 in favor
of the Shamrock. The Shamrock's spin
naker boom is 6.11 longer than the Co
lumbia's, but her topmast is 6.44 shorter
than that of the American boat.
Judging from the stability of the
Shamrock during her recent trial spins
off gandy Hook Designer Fife has been
able to give his boat a greater amount
of lead ballast than at first supposed by
the yachting sharps who have predicted
that the Shamrock would not be able
to carry her sail.
Thof-e yachtsmen at the club to-night
who heard of the measurements of the
two yachts agree that the Shamrock
will really prove a worthy antagonist
of the tenth defender of the America's
cup.
It was half-past 1 o'clock to-day be
fore the Shamrock was warped into
the drydock where the Columbia had
been measured and the coissc.-n closed,
making the water smooth for the meas
urements. Just before going on board
his yacht, Sir Thomas Lipton said:
"I am extremely sorry that Mr. Fife
is not present. It is a very unfortunate
thing at this time. He Is unable to
leave his hotel, but I hope he can be
with us to-morrow during the race. \W
have done the best we could without
him to-day."
Sir Thomas, Vice Commander Sher
man Crawford and H. McGill Downey
of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club, with
Henry F. Lippltt of the New York
Yacht Club, who will represent the lat
ter club on the Shamrock during the
race, then went on board with Meas
urer Hyslop, his assistant and Captain
Nathaniel Herreshoff, the designer of
the Columbia.
After the measurer's steel chain had
be?n stretched from the topmast down
the mast to the top of the main boom
and from the bowsprit end to the main
boom end all those who will sail in the
Shamrock during the race, some thirty
In all, including Sir Thomas Lipton, sat
on deck on each side amidshipe while
Measurer Hyslop, Captain Hereshoff
and Harry Lippett proceeded to meas
ure the yacht's waterline. This work
occupied two hours and a half. The
and a high tension current is generated
immediately and across between the
two balls, or in other words, the per
pendicular wire is rapidly charged and
discharged and electric waves gener
ated by this peculiar action pat-s out
into space until they reach the receiv
ing apparatus on the cable boat, which
immediately responds to every impulse
of the transmitter.
While the whole arrangement of the
apparatus appears simple in the ex
treme there are many little details
which experts in wireless telegraphy
are alone capable of managing, and al
though when everything is perfectly
adjusted it is an easy matter to trans
mit at the rate of twenty words a min
ute, if anything should go wrong with
the installation it requires the trained
eye of an expert to locate and remove
the difficulty. Mr. Clarke says that
wireless telegraphy is rapidly ap
proaching such perfection of detail that
it will be but a very short time until
it is capable of bMng operated easily
by ordinary Morse operators, and fur
ther than this, predicts that it will be
but a year or so until operators will
be able to transmit by wireless teleg
raphy fully as rapidly, if not more so,
than by the present system.
The Ponce, with a party of excursion
ists, will leave her dock at the foot of
Twenty-fourth street promptly at 9:30
o'clock to-morrow morning and will
run directly to the starting point of the
day's race. Passengers will be landed
in all probability at an hour early
enough to permit them to return to
their homes In. time for dinner.
I yacht's waterline was then marked on
I each quarter with a red letter "V," and
at the bow by a white stripe across her
i benm.
At 4 o'clock Sir Thomas Upton and
I his party left the yacht, the caisson
was swung open, lines cast off. and the
Shamrock, with housed topmast, was
towed away from the navy-yard by a
tug. She arrived and mad*" fast to her
moorings in Sandy Hook Bay at 6:10
p. m., receiving salutes as she passed
down the East River and the upper
bay from almost every passing
steamer. Just before leaving the
navy-yard for his steam yacht Erin
Sir Thomas Lipton called his captains
and gave them final instructions about
the preparations for to-morrow's event,
which means so much to him and them.
He had evidently gathered from what
he had seen and heard while the yacht
was being measured that she certainly
would not have to give the Columbia
any time allowance, and he was cor
respondingly cheerful when he came to
take leave of his two skippers.
The weather indications, according to
the special forecast sent out from
Washington, are that the wind will he
fresh from the northeast. If so the
yachts will start from Sandy Hook
lightship and run almost dead before
the wind down the Jersey coast to a
point just beyond Long Branch.
According to a dispatch received
from Monmouth Beach Life-saving
Station at 10 o'clock to-nl|?ht then- will
1>« quite a heavy sea off Sandy Hook
to-morrow unless the wind moderates
or shifts to some other quarter.
The cup defender Columbia was the
first boat of the two to be measured.
When the telltale on the caisson
showed that there was twelve feet of
water in the dock the Columbia floated.
but in order to be sure the ship was off
the blocks the water continued to flow
until there was about four inches short
of twenty-eight feet. John Hyslop, the
official measurer of the New York Club,
who has put the tape on many a cup
challenger and defender in past years,
performed the task again to-day. He
arrived at the navy-yard shortly be
fore 8 o'clock and at once commenced
work getting the length of the boom
eraff. mast and spinnaker pole. The
crew rendered all tlv- assistance they
could and a man was hoisted In a
boatswain's chair m tbe t,,p to carry
the tape to the head of the topmast.
In measuring the length of the spinna
ker boom it was found that the pole
was about three inches longer than the
restrictions allowed -that is, from the
center of the bowsprit between fib and
jib topsails stays to the mast was a
quarter of a foot too long. Captain
Barr called into requisition a flne
toothed saw and cut two inches from
one end and one inch from the other
of the spinnaker pole.
The plans were mad- to measure the
water line and over all lengths of the
bo.nt. The crew\and C. Oliver Iselin,
Captain Woodbury Kane, Herbert C.
Leeds. W. Butler Duncan Jr. of the
Defender, Harry F. Lipnitt of th<»
America's cup committee, Hugh C.
Kelley, secretary of the Royal Ulster
Yacht Club, who will sail on the Co
lumbia as Sir Thomas Lipton's repre
sentative in the cup races, J. Connell,
also of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club,
Captain Nat Herreshoff and Mrs. C.
Oliver Tselin were aboard the American
boat when the hull was measured. Mrs.
lselin. Mr. Duncan and Secretary
Kelley were In the cabin engaged in
conversation, while all the others on
board with the exception of Nat Her
reshoff, Captain Barr and Mr. Con
nell were placed amidships in order to
bring the boat down evenly to the 1
wa *• r line.
Mr. Herreshoff, Captain Barr and Mr.
ConnffH assisted Measurer Hyslop in
getting the figures. The forward over
hang was first measured. A plumb line
was suspended from the very tip of
the boom, and, getting into a boat. Mr.
Hyslop. by means of a long measuring
rod, got the length from the plumb to
the water line on the bow. The after
overhang „ was obtained In a similar
manner, and after these dimensions
were obtained the measurer applied the
tape from the taffrail to the bow to get
the length over all. After making a few
calculations Mr. Hyslop announced to
Messrs. Iselin and Herreshoff the result
of his measurements.
Evidently the figure was somewhat
less than the managing owner desired
to sail the Columbia on. for a dozen
men were set ashore in the tender, and,
going to the steam tender Plymouth,
carried over to the Columbia twenty
pigs of lead, aggregating about 1700
pounds in weight. Previous to taking
the measurement a lot of dunnage was
brought up from the Columbia's cabin
and put in several large row boats, as
it was the intention of th<^ captain to
cl>\tn out from the hull all movable ar
ticles.
Mr. Leeds stated that the pigs of lead
were placed in the Columbia to make
up for the lops of weight occasioned by
the removal of the dunnage, but it was
noticed that when the ballast had been
added the Columbia sat lower in the
water than shn <1 id before. Then Mr.
Hyplop measured her line again and the
length, 89.66 1-100 inches, proving satis
factory to the owner and Designer
Herreshoff, a V-shaped mark in red
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
■ ARRIVED.
Monday, October 2.
j Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 3% days from Co
- lumbla River.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 82 hours from
I Crecpnt City.
■ Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 84 hours from
Tncoma.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse, 24 days from
Honolulu.
SAILED.
Monday, October 2
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Grays Harbor
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BI,AKEL.EY— Get 2— Nor stmr
Aker, for Buenos Ayres.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 2-Stmr Umatllla hnc
Sept 28; stmr Olympla, from Hongkong-' thin
Columbia, hence Sept 19; schr C H Merchant
from San Pedro. - . • . . '
| Sailed Oct 2— ship Fortevlot, for Antwerp-
I Bohr O . M Kellogg, for Honolulu; stmr Al-KL
for Alaska. * i
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT. ■
arelour^
kidneys weak?
| Have You Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
. . . ■ — _
: You May Be Afflicted and Not Know It.
1 1 To Prove for Yourself the Wonderful Curative Properties of Swamp-Root
' the Great Kidney Remedy, Every Reader of " The Call" May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It is now conceded by eminent sclent- >gS2g§HsK|S^v
: ists that the most important organs of IL^jSSliy
the body are the kidneys. They filter sjpM|Mr
your blood and work away night and ' SJHsIE kf m
day. whether you are asleep or awake. ■lMi~ - HI
People are apt to believe that kidney fl*i|xJ L3B
' disease is a rather rare disease, but . »jF I ~gn
i statistics have proven that it is a most I !|
! And the proof of this is that most vL Jj I! a "■'■'
; diseases, perhaps 85 per cent, .are If jj 7i ( '™,
caused in the beginning by disorders Jwal^ Ik II \WW^_ :
. ' BECAUSE they fail to filter your ' KlmkiJEfiliS^ feb.
Your other organs may need care- mmBM BfftfS^^^^^
but your kidneys most, because they gjHjffTUj|{|jy MlfffiH iiii>:llll^!llilr!iili[HrH
If you are sick, begin doctoring your jfjfljr^ BSt^HiuliMai W
kidneys, because as soon as they are UjM II DR KILItIEf'S ini^ln
>„,, .he, «, h e,p a,, ,he „,„,,■ or S an, || ' _ •»„ Jl|
When your kidneys are not doing \\iMk " " If " IVliUl |Hl B
their work some of the symptoms I ill Kidney, Liver and Bladder |li|
which prove it to you are pain or dull jljlfj; CURE HHs!
ache in the back, rheumatic pains, ||j jjg j vukc. j. Mb
; sciatica, sediment in the urine, scanty raj! . directions. . gu|
! supply, scalding irritation in passing, : Bill May take one, two or three Ip^B
obliged to go often during the day and '(■ jl] teaspoonfuis before or after meals Ujßl
to get up many times during the night; iiflPfl and at bedtime. ItlfliJi
uric acid, sleeplessness, nervous irrita- lißjfif Children less according to ape. Jfl(, H
bility, sallow, unhealthy complexion i!ij§{ May commence with small doees ||b| ;H
puffy or dark circles under the eves, H and increase to full doso or more, I Ijill
loss of energy and ambition. |g as the case would seem to require H||
If your water when allowed to remain \lm\\\ ™* *!™* 'IZ/Zr- 2S"cS J HIM
undisturbed for twenty-four hours [if £^£s £?Zr%% due 111
forms .a sediment or settling, or has a |jij!a| to weak kidneys, such aa catarrh I lIS
cloudy appearance, it is evidence that II Blj of the bladder, pravei, rheums ,1 miU
your kidneys and bladder need inline- f 1 !-^ I tin "- lnmbafro and Eright's Dis- || Sea
diate attention. * i»B i ea^, which is the worst form of I fIME
Swamp Root is the great medical tri- [fH kidney disease. J KulS
umph of the nineteenth century, dis- 1 1|1 I It is Pleasant to take. jijH sß
covered after years of untiring I II prepared only by lIcSl §3
effort and research, by the famous [li ffl i nD vu , /Ic . r> .„_ Ifi >M
kidney and bladder specialist, Dr. Kil- || £§| DR * KILMER & co » Emm
mer. It will be found by both men and ! figj{| BINGHAMTON, N. Y. isff 11
women just what is needed in all cases IsHi _ i.i . n*» • tlns M
of kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid || fi| ____ all Prugglalg. JMJiB
'This' "famous new discovery, Swamp fi ! i 1 riilfF|j!lfi{l|3lf|^f3lS|i'/in3S}|rf IS
Hoot, will sot your whole system right. 1 m^^^m^^UWW^^a
The best proof- of this is a trial, and 1:^-1^^^^^ ~^^^^iSE^Ei
nothing could be fairer than the offer sjj '^npfflp^^a^^^^eß^^^g^H
to send a sample bottle of Swamp Root || WMljgls^' """Sg" '-^s=iisay!ili
and a book telling all about it and con- vJjtam^_m _^_ ...j,' _-jLl^^^X^^^^fll
taining some of the thousands upon ~*^g*Wtf^vr— t^ . r*ackr ■ ..^gaKgSir^-—^ — *S9
thousands of testimonial letters re- One-half the 50 ct. one-quarter the $1 size,
celved from sufferers cured. Both the their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & C 0.,.
sample bottle and book will be sent Binghamton, N. Y.
absolutely free, by mail, to any address. If you are already convinced that
The great discovery, Swamp Root, is Swamp Root is what you need, you can
so remarkably successful that our purchase- the regular fifty-cent and
readers are advised to write for a free j one-dollar size bottles at drugstores,
sample bottle, and to be sure and men- Don't make any mistake, but remem-
tion reading this generous offer in the \ ber the name, Swamp Root, Dr. Kil-
San Francisco Daily Call when sending I mer's Swamp Root.
paint was placed at the water line on
each side of the hull about amidships.
As soon as Mr. Iselin announced that
the measurements had bet-n finished the
crew took aboard their dunnage and
Bei era] spare sails. The caisson at the
end of the drydoek was warped on one
side and the Columbia was taken m
tow for her moorings inside of Sandy
Hook.
The Americain cup defender left th*>
navy yard shortly after 3 o'clock, and
en the trip down the East River and.
:n fact, all the way down to the Hook
she received a continuous ovation from
steam and sailing craft, whose salutes
were acknowledged by the dipping of
her flags. At just 5 o'clock the craft lay
all taut at her moorings on the big
buoy in the horseshoe and a fresh
northeast wind swung her around, s<'
that her bow pointed right by the end
of the Hook. The tender St. Nicholas
came down shortly after and anchored
near the Columbia.
BETTING IN FAVOR
OF THE COLUMBIA
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— There was very
little betting on the yacht races to
night arc-und the hotels. In fact, the
element which usually has money for
the bis yacht races was of the opinion
that the betting interest this year is
helnw the average. It is thought
however, that it will pick up after to
morrow's race, when the man with
—^^ tance to you (you don't
care to spend much)
then send or call for samples of our all-
wool tailor-made suits for $10, and order one
that is to your taste.
You will be pleased with the suit, and be-
sides getting a good suit for a low price you
get a year's projection. Money returned or a
year's repairing free. You are safe either way.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street and
i Corner Powell and Eddy.
money to put up can get a "line on the
boats."
The little money In sight to-night was
all Columbia money. Hardly could a
man be found to champion the visitor.
At the Calumet Club, the Knicker
bocker and the New York Yacht Club
there was some slight betting In small
amounts with visiting Englishmen. The
odds generally quoted were $500 to $300
on the Columbia.
DEPARTURE OF
THE ADMIRAL
FROM GOTHAM
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Admiral Dewey
arose early this morning and began prep
arations for his departure at 1 o'clock for
Washington. After a light breakfast, dur
ing which he chatted with the members
of his family, the admiral expressed him
self as being much refreshed after the
fatiguing incidents of the past week. He
saw no visitors this morning, but kept
to his room, attending to some personal
business until about 11 o'clock, when, with
the party escorting him, he started for a
drive before proceeding to the railway
station.
Mayor Van Wyck called about 10 o'clock
and had a short talk with the admiral,
to whom he bade good-by. Before he
allowed the Mayor to leave Admiral
Dewey told him to thank the people of
Now York for him for the remarkable
demonstration in his honor.
"It was magnificent." said the admiral
"and far exceeded my expectations."BOERS REPORTED TO HAVE
ATTACKED BRITISH FORCES
Thousands of Them Are Massed on the Border
Near Voiksrust Awaiting Word to Cross
• the Frontier.
Boer Picket Post Between Volksrust and Laings Neck.
re re
;. i tritish
the Natal hor-
■
land
' fighting ■
ts to hear of 1 toer
is they outnumber the Brit-
An invasion of th«
■
the Boer i
I c I lolony are unavoid
:
Th< re are froi to 20 Boers
• • ■ • . ■-:-•-.-■ |usi •■ the
of I-iinss Ne"k, awaiting
er. The st
Itions are at '
mndee, bu< these are noi strong
cope with the force the I
can pui in'"' Natal.
UNCONFIRMED REPORTS
OF BOER VICTORIES
LONDON, < 1 '". 2.— No confirmation is
• any source of the i
itch to the Exchange
that the Boera have
captured I
No ■ ' tlvity was shown ai
■ -day. Mr. •i'ham
:i and the ■ Be borne were ab
from the i i "ffice, but Lord
owne, Gi
Sir Evelyn \\ id were busily en
■ .1 Sir Red
■ call( d ai ihi War < >ffice this
afteri ■ ■ board meeting
v,;i^ held. Naturally nothi ig of th<
de public, b ■ It is under-
Sir Et< lvers Hulior
It pan for the Cap< until next
week except in case of unfon een devel
■
Mai ■ re of Parliamei • are re
turning Vo town in
. early summoning of I 'arlia-
It is the general Impression that
■ >cpr< is dis
,u! of the Government pollcj few
. . ■. • : ■ me of voting a -
the r. quired -r> dlt. It is ■ ■
•.■. 11l absta'n from par
itini • division.
tn Vc rn< n Harcourt, th»
speech at Trexegai
las) word of these gold
ters Is war, In order 1 id to annex
wrote to
Lsking if it were not true that
■ would make every effort
... id no desire to annex
/aal If a settlement could be ob-
I S ilisbury replied,
H m i tively.
i, in reply to ,\n mi
s to what he thought of Sir Will
:i Harcourt' a words, said that
were purely party cl idding:
■ ; y State which
■ i depends
and brail I ra ngers, ;
. them the common rights
demni them to an in
re >if serfdom."
:'r"in an outlander received In'
üblisned to-day. The
• omea to a fight, I be
lleve the Boers will make a massacre of
rg to bits and Bboot
I • . I have been told so
I fR< c."
Rep< its from i Is and gar
■ ■ ■ • . to the
nee of militarj
ba . ■ i cccl . Ed pre
liminary notice to be prepared, and sev
■
eadiness foi ervice.
LONDON Oct. 2 A rumor which, how
ever, rmation, is current ar the
.1 that the Duke of < lonnaught
will i Sir Redvers Hul
ler t.j Afrii a aa imperial commissioner
nfer with President Kruger and!
Presldi
The rumor that fighting has already
eema t<. have originated at
the Woolwich arsenal.
Matters are ai :i standstill and practl- i
rally no dispat< hes from South Africa
r- ci !v< <i thla morning.
The Morning Post again <-"inp!alns cdi- I
torlally that, although the Governmeni
put their hands to the plow In July. Oc
tober has arrived without \:.=iiiir prog
i-.-ss !,; ■ ig been made. The paper ;,.-k*
wi,A\ they are waiting for and expresses
pinion that "the expectani attitude
maintained is hardly consonant with the
: sounding- words that have been
v cd."
it is understood that the Colonial Office
n important dispatch from Sir
■ Milnor, British Hipli Commissioner
. lv. the coi
cf whi • ■ r. have noi b< en i
public.
The Daily Chi s it 1
to believe that I of a r.avn!
contemplate d. Tni i i
. has lat< ly been advocating the
ng an Imperial commis
p si ;he Mar
quis ■ l ufferin and Ava, to meet Presi
■ ■.•■..■ - and try to an ange ma 1 1
argues that the Ministers now see
the mischief which Mr. Chamberlain has
mtry.
The paper goes on to comment on the
made by the 1 >;;!<.> of Devonshire
i t . which it characterizes
as a remarkable appeal to th< peaci party
asks why I^.ni Salisbury and the
of Devonshire did not interfere be
ts that the Duke of
Devonshire be sent as high plenip
tiary to negotiate with President Kruger.
PURCHASING MULES
FOR GREAT BRITAIN
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 2.— Governor Savers
to-day received a telegram from Major
Scobel, who is now in St. Louis, asking
authority for himself and staff to pass
from New Orleans into Texas without
detention for the purpose of purchasing
supplies for the British Government. The
Governor replied that the State Health
Officer would order them admitted to any
quarantine station after they had made
affidavit to eight days' absence from New
Orleans and that their baggage should be
fumigated before starting.
Mule dealers in Texas who have been in
correspondence with Major Scobel since
his arrival in this country state that he
will visit San Antonio and the other prin
cipal mule markets' in Texas and will pur
chase several thousand head of mules.
It Is proposed to charter vessels and ship
the animals direct to South Africa from
Galveston. The mules will be used by the
British army in their campaign against
the Boers.
M'KINLEY POSITIVELY
DECLINES TO INTERFERE
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Although re-
I attempts have been made to get the
Pn 3ident to mediate between Great Brit
ain and the Transvaal to prevent hos
tilities. President McKinley has steadily
declined to interfere.
The President feels that the matter is
■ which does not officially concern the
I'nited States, though an undoubted :«
of the war will be an Improvement
of the position of the Americans in the
vaal. It is pointed out that Ameri
suffer with other outlanders from
th« restrictions Imposed by the Ifoor Gov
i run.- •. and thai while the United States
has not supported the demands made by
Great Britain, Buch demands, if granted,
will greatly benefit the American citizens.
a, . ■ als from citizens of th<- United States
for mediation by this Government have
reached thi President and have been filed
at the State Department.
PORTUGAL MAY RENDER
HELP TO ENGLAND
MADRID, Oct. 2. El liberal to-day de
clares that Spain cannot remajfl indiffer
ent to the events transpiring it; tin- Trans
vaal, In view of the existence ot tho
Anglo-Portuguese treaty, by the terms of
which in the event of Great Britain be
coming engaged in a war with another
power, Portugal is obliged to mobilize 100.-
UQO men and allow Great Britain to use
her f'Tts and arsenals. El Liberal follows
ijji this extraordinary assertion with the
n* ■ i -, t that a secret convention ;ils'>
provides that Portugal will cede Lourenzo
Marquez on the north and Delagoa Bay
and Mozambique on the west coast of
Africa, and call? on the Government to
take discreet measures !n the interest of
Spall-!.
INEFFECTUAL EFFORT
TO GAIN ARBITRATION
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Charles D. Pierce.
Consul General of the Orange Free State,
to-day received a eabjegram relative to
aff.-'lrs In the Transvaal.
Consul Pierce said that the rf»ble was of
r.uch a nature that he could not make it
public, but he was at liberty to say that
the President of the Orange Free State .
THE SAIS FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
had rna.Je an Ineffectual effort to induce
Pi sident McKinley to request other
powerful nations to act with the rnited
- as arbitrators between England
and the Transvaal. Mr. Pierce said that
..arm and close relations between
■'• ! and the i r nlt< i Stat< - prevented
■mm moving In so momen
i matter.
CANADA'S MINISTER
BLAMES OCM PAUL
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 2.— Hon. Da
vid Mills, Canadian Minister of Justice, is
asked his views on the
vaal crisis be said: "Kruger's con
tention that aliens must become citizens
before receiving the priviiepe of a fran
chise is not In its. -if an unreasonable one.
Rut he lias undertaken to discriminate
en citizens and aliens, and has dealt
differently with British subjei ts to what
he has with other aliens. If it is borne in
mind that Queen Victoria is suzerain of
the Transvaal republic it will be wn that
ely be regard* d
as aliens proper. I am in sympathy with
Chamberlain's attitude and i ?h:nk !><■• Is
justified In his course, if war results it
will be because of Kruger's stubborn and
unreasonable position."
NINE GENERALS TO
COMMAND BOERS
LONDON, Oct. 2.— A special dispatch
from Pretoria says that General Jankock
will command the Boer forces on the Na
tal border. Commandant Cronje on the
southwestern and General Schalkburger
on the eastern frontier, while General Ma
lan will he in command at Rustenburg.
Altogether there will be nine generals in
command of the columns.
A complete plan of campaign has been
arranged with the Orange Free State. A
rigotous censorship Is maintained over all
press t< iegrams.
President Kruger addressed the troops
which started for the Natal border Satnr
day, appealing to their patriotism and
wishing them godspeed. Fighting Is ex
peci ed by Wednesday.
GERMANS ARE EXEMPT
FROM MILITARY SERVICE
BERLIN, Oct. 2.— Tne North German
Gazette makes the formal announcement
that German residents are exempt from
military service In tho Transvaal. The
Neuste Nachrichten and the National
Zeitung deny that any negotiations are
in progress between Germany and Eng
land with reference to Delagoa Bay or
the Transvaal.
The Berlin newspapers continue to at
tack England and her policy in the
Transvaal.
GERMANY'S GOOD WILL
MAY BE FOR SALE
LONDON, Oct. 3.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily News reports that
recent Interviews between Lord Salisbury
I and Count yon Hatzfeld-Wlldenburg, Ger
: man Embassador to Groat Britain, were
) hud with reference to the Samoan ques
! tion and hints that England can buy Ger
j many'G j; 1 ""! will in Africa by meeting
I the views of the German Government re
garding the settlement of the Samoan dlf
• ficulty.
DEFENDED HER HOME.
Indian Marauder Shot Dead by the
Daughter of the Chief.
MILWAUKEE, Oct 2.— An Evening
Wisconsin special frnin Pittsvllle, Wis..
pays: John Davis, an Indian, was shot
: i ; ; v ! killed by the daughter of Chief Plus
Neekoon while endeavoring to effect an
entrance to Neekoon's tepee at the In
dian settlement, six miles from this city.
Teachers in Session.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 2.— The Teachers'
Institute began its annual session to-day.
Addresses wore made by Superintendent
I.inscott and H. Wagner. This evening a
reception was given the visiting teachers
by the Stanford Glee <'lul>. During the
week lectures will be delivered by Pro
fessor Gayley and Professor Dresslar of
the State University and Dr. McCllsh of
the University of the Pacific.
RECEPTION
TENDERED TO
ARCHBISHOP
Students Accord Honors to
the Distinguished Pre
late of This City.
VISITS NOTRE DAME.
♦ —
Interesting Day Spent by the
Churchman at the University He
Attended Many Years Ago.
J D
Srortal rMspatch to Th« Tall.
NOTRE DAME, Ind., Oct. 2.— One of
the most enthusiastic receptions ever
accorded an alumnus of Notre Dame
was that given Archbishop Riqrdan
of San Francisco to-day by the faculty
and students of Notre Dame University.
The prelate's visit was entirely unoffi
cial. He came simply to visit the uni
versity, which he attended as a student
forty-three years ago. He sought to
come quietly, but the news that he
would reach Notre Dame to-day had
preceded him and he was heartily wel
comed.
The large refectory, where most of
the upper classmen take their meals,
was decorated with ferns and the uni
versity orchestra played during the
dinner hour. Afternoon lectures were
discontinued owing to the arrival of
the distinguished guest. Archbishop
Riordan spent the day meeting new
members of the faculty. Late In the af
ternoon a party of ecclesiasts, of which
Archbishop Riordan was a member.
visited St. Mary's Academy. At the
conclusion of the dinner in the senior
refectory at Notre Dame, 14. G. O'Mal-
I ley greeted the Archbishop as follows:
"We students <>f this university ten
der you. Its honored alumnus, greet
ing which Notre Dame men extend
: only to one another. Though nothing
of sincerity can be added to this wel
j come, we must thank you for the kind
! favor of your visit. We know you as a
: distinguished churchman, and so we
: derive n<>t only pleasure but benefit
' from your presence here. Such occa
sions as this are Important educational
factors, supplementing the work of the
, faculty, for we learn not alone by the
study of moral and intellectual princl
p es, but by inspiration drawn from the
: living embodiment of these. We can
-1 not hope, on account of the distance
of your home from us, to see you as
often as we should wish, but we trust
your convenience will give us the pleas
j ure again soon. For your kindness in
rdlng us this opportunity of in
struction we assure you of our deep
gratitud >."
The remarks were so filled with good
feeling and good fellowship that the
Archbishop reconsidered his determina
tion not to address the students, and
made a most eloquent speech. He said
in part:
"I wish to say to you, my dear young
men, that the great question of to-day
in this country is not the question of
imperialism or expansion; It is not the
question of gold or silver; it is not the
question of the opening of new lines
of railways or harbor communications
with distant islands, but the question
Is, what kind of men are we going to
have? That is the question to be solved
in the schools and colleges of the land."
CO-OPERATION IN THE
TREATMENT OF NATIVES
Important Motion Presented to In
ternational Geographical Con
gress for Action.
BERLIN, Oct. 2.— Dr. Nansen. the Arc
tic explorer, said to-day to a representa
tive of the Associated Press:
"The United States ought to join Great
Britain ami Germany in co-operative ex
ploration. Thus the three progressive na
tions would work for the common good of
mankind and science. If the polar dis
tricts are ever to be thoroughly explored,
it will probably be Jue to such joint ac
tlun."
Poultney Blgelow has presented a writ
ten motion for adoption by the Interna
tional Geographical Congress to the ef
fect that hereafter each colonial power
pledges itself to submit such new methods
or questions relative to the treatment of
natives as may come up from time to
time to a permanent international com
mittee empowered to decide upon them.
This proposition coincides with that of
Andrew D. White, the United States Em
bassador hero, made at the recent peace
conference at The Hague.
TOWNS DESTROYED BY FIRE.
Straff ord, Mo., and Dequeen, Ark,
Burned Down.
SPRINGFTKLD, Mo.. Oct. 2.— The little
town of Stratford, ten miles east of here,
was practically destroyed by fire Sunday
morning. Nearly all the male popultaloh
was In Springfield attending a meeting of
the Woodmen, and the women had to
tight the fire almost alone. Drought had
made water scarce and the town was very
dry. At times every building In the city
would be afire. Women saved several
residences by the vse of wet blankets.
Hanson and Thorson, general merchan
dise, loss $20,000, were the heaviest losers.
Insurance light.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. Oct. 2.— The town
ri Dequeen. on the Kansas City, Pittsburpr
Sz Gulf ro;id. was destroyed by fire this
morning. Fifty-four buildings were burn
ed, entailing a loss aggregating $250,000;
insurance light.
TOOK CARBOLIC ACID.
Fatal Mistake of Surgeon Coe at San
Pedro.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 2.— On Saturday
evening Dr. Ira Coe, United States ma
rine surgeon at San Pedro, took four
ounces of cnrbollc acid, mistaking it for
liquor, and died in half an hour. At the
Coroner's inquest heid in San Pedro the
Jury returned a verdict of accidental
death.
Looking for Jack the Hipper.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 2.— The local. po
lice are baffled in every attempt to locate
"Jack the Ripppr." who foully murdored
and mutilated Mrs. John Blngs Thurs
<iav night. It Is believed to have been
either the wrrk of a moral pervert or an
Indian woman from up the coast.
. , _»_
Drumlanrig in Port.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 2.— Th<i British
ship Drumlnnrig, nine months from Liv
erpool, arrived hero yesterday. Her de
lay was due to calms" and the fouling of
the ship's bottom.
WATCH THE CALL BULLETINS
ON THE BIG YACHT RACE TO-DAY
Bulletins of the first of the international yacht races to-day are
to be sent to New York by wireless telegraphy by Signor Marconi,
the inventor of the wonderful system, thence flashed across the con
tinent by direct wire to the office of The Call. You will, therefore,
get the earliest reports of the race by watching the bulletins dis
played by The Call.
RECOGNITION
IS SOUGHT BY
INSURGENTS
Purpose of the Visit of the
Military Commission to
General E. S. Otis.
REBELS LOSE HOPE
Recognize the Faot That They Will
Be Defeated and Now Willing
to Accept a Prot3ctorate.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Ynrk
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, Oct. 2.— The Insurgents
cut the telegraph line between Bacoor
and Manila at 8 o'clock to-night, and
this message to Manila had to be sent
t Jin 'Ugh by water.
The rebels made an attack upon Ba
coor at half-past 8 o'clock this morning
and the fight lasted until dark. Gen
eral Grant conducted the operations of
the American forces in person on the
firing line. The Filipinos first cut the
telegraph wires running from Bacoor
to Imus and ambushed the American
patrol, consisting of eight men. A sig
nal sergeant was killed and two other
Americans were wounded. The little
band was reinforced by a company of
the Fourteenth Infantry and three
companies of the Fourth, which were
hurriedly sent out from Imus and
fought their way through along the
road to their relief.
The rebels were lighting at 4 o'clock
this afternoon from across a deep river
fifty yards wide. Kight men in all of
the American troops had been wounded
up to that time and two had been
killed. An advance will be made to
morrow on the insurgents.
General Alejandrino, head of the
Filipino military commission now con
ferring with General Otis, said in an in
terview with The Call-Herald cor
respondent:
"• >ur government Is willing to ac
cept a protectorate under the United
States. We fought Spain because we
did not wish longer to be a colony. A
colonial government under American
rule wuuld be worse than Spanish, be
cause you know nothing about the wnv
to govern colonies. We do not want
to be experimented on for a century
while you learn how. With England it
would be another matter.
"You are another race and are not
in sympathy wirh us. We know how
to rule our own people. We do not un
derstand why your powerful nation
wants to crush us like insects. You
can conQuer us because you are rich
and our soldiers cannot fight success
fully against yours. We want an hon
orable peace, but we will fight until
death for our institution?. We know
every military move that you make
and get every day local American
newspapers. We know what thu
United States papers say. We believe
that a few men. whom you call politi
( i-irs are waging this war. and that
the people of the United ' States will
soon change in our favor.
"Admiral Dewey promised me in
Hongkong that at the termination of
the war with Spain the Filipinos would
be given their independence. Dewey
was our best friend, but we understand
now that he will not be permitted to
keep his word with us. We do not un
derstand why General Otis refuses to
rorn^nize our government unless he is
afraid that other foreign powers will
then recognize us."
In an hour's interview with the com
mission they gave many evidences of
their purpose to make efforts to se
cure recognition as a nation before
making any attempt at treating for
peace. They also showed much depres
sion over their complete failure in the
battles with the American troops and
also full recognition of the fact that
If the campaign against them was pros
ecuted vigorously by Otis it must mean
their uttei defeat soon.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— A dispatch
from General Otis was received at the
War Department this morning giving
an account of his meeting with the in
surgent envoys. General Otis said the
Interview with Aguinaldo's representa
tives indicated that the leaders were
maneuvering solely with a view to se
cure recognition of the insurgent gov
ernment. All such overtures were re
jected and the envoys were informed
that the only thJng the United States
would recognize was a white flag and
the grounding of arms. He also in
formed the envoys that such capitula
tion on the part of th* 1 insurgents
should come quickly in order to avoid
the consequences of active war, as the
United States did not intend to permit
any delay in the matter.
The course of General Otis is ap
proved at the War Department.
Secretary Root took the dispatch
from General Otis over to the White
House for the President's considera
tion.
NO OFFICIAL ADVICES
OF THE BACOOR FIGHT
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— No official ad
vices had been received up to midnight
concerning' the engagement with the in
surgents at Bacoor by troops under Gen
eral Grant. There are about 7000 troops
under command of Generals Grant an.d
young south of Manila and within easy
roach of Bacoor— a force ample, the au
thorities say, to cope with the number of
Insurgents supposed to be in that vicinity.
General Otis has sent wonl of the re
lease of the American prisoners held by
the Filipinos and of his refusal to recog
nize the so-called Filipino Government.
This action of the commander has re
ceived the entire approval of the Presi
dent and Secretary Root. It is stated
that the general made it plain to the Fili
pino envoys that nothing but uncondi
tional surrender would be considered by
this Government, and It is Intended to
stand by this declaration, even after the
fall operations begin and no matter how
sincerely the insurgents may beg for
peace.
Garonne Reaches Manila.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2.— A cablegram an
nouncing the safe arrival of the transport
Garonne at Manila has been received here
by Captain W. W. Robinson Jr. The Ga
ronne sailed from Seattle August 13 with
400 horses and 120 men of the Third Cav
alry.
CELEBRATED THEIR
GOLDEN WEDDING
MR. AND MRS. JOSEPH SHULTE.
MONTEREY, Oct. 2.— Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Shulto of this city celebrated
their golden wedding yesterday surrounded by their immediate family.
The celebration took place in the house occupied by General Fremont dur
ing his residence in Monterey.
Mr. and Mrs. Shulte are natives of Westphalia, where they -were married
in 1840. Coming to America in the same year they settled In New York,
where they lived until 1874, at which time they came to California, They
are hale and hearty despite their seventy-six years of age, and bid fair to
enjoy many more years of the peace and tranquillity of a happy union.
Mr. and Mrs. Shulte had three children. Joseph Shulte Jr., the well
known Inventor of this city, and Mrs. K. M. Henneken, the wife of one of
Monterey County's most extensive agriculturists, are the ones living. The
families of both were present at yesterday's happy celebration.
AWARD SAID TO
BE FOR ENGLAND
Decision of the Court of
Arbitration.
Pr-^-lal Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Oct. 2.— The Anglo-Venezuel
an Commission has risen after conclud
ing its deliberations. The award will
be read to-morrow in the presence of
the representatives of Great Britain
and Venezuela. The secretaries are
now writing out the award and have so
notified Messrs. Buchanan and Rojas.
PATHS, Oct. 2.-8:15 p. m.— lt is said
on pood authority that the award will
be a decided victory for Great Britain.
Chief Justice Fuller and Justice
Brewer will start for London on
Wednesday and will sail for New York
on the White Star line steamer Majes
tic October 11. Former President Ben
jamin Harrison will go to Berlin on
Wednesday. From there he will go to
The Hague, Brussels and London,
where General Harrison will spend a
few days prior to sailing for the United
States October 18. Sir Richard Web
ster, George Askwith and Messrs. Bu
chanan and others go to London on
Wednesday.
After the court had risen a represen
tative of the Associated Press called on
former President Harrison, who pro
fessed ignorance as to how the award
would go. Mr. Harrison did not seem
anxious regarding the subject.
H. Vignaud, secretary of the Ameri
can Embassy, who called upon Mr.
Harrison at the same time, said the
latter's argument was very much ap
preciated by the court. To this Mr.
Harrison replied:
"We did our best in what I know is
a right cause, but in an arbitral tri
bunal such as this it is a toss-up. It
doi'P not resemble an ordinary tribunal
to the judges of which it is absolutely
immaterial which party wins. I hold
that for international disputes there
should be a permanent arbitration
court.. as I did when questioned on the
subject, and not men specially ap
pointed for a given object.
I^J Hawes ?y.
1)1 " Three dollar '' |
pi Hats [J
| :';•'.' I ' The manufacturers of Hawes hats say: »Vra
I.';''! " You'll always wear a Hawes hat if you wear W:'M
I ;.*.'<£ one once." hl^-H
w '"■ '.■[§ We believe as they do, not because we are iv'^S
Si I ' •'•.]§ the agents, but it is our actual opinion, founded on i'-'-'S
BY- | what we see of the hats and their selling. : ■■.|- : i':«.
Jl','.':'^ There are never any complaints ' from Hawes/ : | ,;;;• i
j$V/$ customers — they are content and their second and ; ; |v." ; t :
fir"; ■•a third purchases are Hawes and so it goes. ;;;v.v • 1 ;".•!."
I ;A':] Hawes are popular hats, but they have made I :'■;■
|;"r;j themselves so, through their excellence. E •'•'• I
».'•*. D*rbys Fedoras :'. .'
> '.';■ 5 Two shapes Two shapes ''.';: 1
K •*■♦* i Three colors — cedar, wal- Four colors — pear', ,V,. i
W.\' f nut, black. cedar, walnut, black. >*,*.' |
i '•;': ; We are the San Francisco agents for Hawes •';.' L
■■' " a /^>* »■■ 7^s«s\ I •.•'" 1
1.".'.'; ! \+ti£y -7i a market st \2no*/ j y : v 3
i. ■;•'/.! . Out-of-town orders filled— write us. !j V ,': I
FAITHFUL DOGS
GUARD A CHILD
Wanderings of Little
Alice Schmidt.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 2.-LittlfifATle^ the
3-year-old daughter of a rancher named
Schmidt, living near this city, wandered
away into the hills near Greenbrae yes
terday afternoon and was not found until
11 o'clock this morning-. During her -wan
derings the child was protected by three
cogs belonging to her father, which fol
lowed her away from har home. It ww
the barking of these faithful brutes while
repelling the attacks ut a cow that led a
dairyman to the spot where she lay ex
hausted, after sleeping all night in the
open air. with nothing to eat.
M-inuel Yiera, a dairyman, heard the
dogs barking in the hills east of Green
brae while he was searching for some,
cows, and on investigating found little
Alice. She had crawled under a bush and
was crying bitterly from fright. The
three dogs were worrying a cow which
is supposed to have tried to hook iho
child en. account of her red dress. Viera
took the little one to Greenbrae and gave
her into the care of Frank Robinson, the
busdnver. Robinson placed her in chargo
of a tamily at San Quentin and notified
Sheriff Taylor, who notified the parents.
HARTFORD IN COMMISSION.
Will Probably Be Ordered on a Cruise
Around the World.
VALLEJO, Oct. 2.— The United States
steamer Hartford, the gallant Farragut's
flagship in the battle of Mobile Bay, after
undergoing a complete rehabilitation and
some extra touches, was placed in com
mission to-day at 2 o'clock.
The vessel has been fitted out In the
finest manner of which the navy yard
force is capable. No expense has been
spared to make the sacred relic a thing of
beauty. Brass and nickel plate greet the
t ><■ everywhere on deck, while her cabins
are of solid mahogany. The painter force
of the yard has been working overtime
on her for two weeks putting on finishing
touches. Her crew is composed of picked
men enlistrij in the Central Stales and her
detail of officers has been made with the
same care. The present intention of the
department is to send her on a cruise
around the world so arranged that she
will be present at the World's Fair in
Paris.
34
EARTHQUAKE DESTROYED
ONE THOUSAND LIVES
The Latest Reports From the Devastated Dis
trict in Asia Minor Give Most
Appalling Results.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 2.— lt is now estimated that lfiOO Persians per
ished in the earthquakes in Asia Minor, around Aidin. The first shock oc
curred at 4 o'clock in the morning of September 20 and lasted forty sec
onds. The effects were appalling. Whole villages were completely destroyed.
The earthquake was felt as far as Scio, Mitylene and Smyrna.
The latest advices from the stricken area show that men, women and
children were buried in the ruins of their dwellings before they realized
their danger. Numbers of bodies still lie beneath the debris. About 600 per
sons were killed at Sarakeni and some 500 at Denizli, where three-fourths
of the buildings fell. There was proportionate losb of life in many of the
smaller villages.
The disturbance has not yet subsided, although its strength appears to be
spent. The shocks continue almost dnily, but vrlth no great violence. The
population is encamped in the open.
One consequence of the earthquake is the subsidence of the level of the
Aidin district t>y two yards. Sulphurous springs burst out in the valley of
Xoander, and the country between Aidin and Denizli became full of crev
ices, out of which rushed black, muddy water with sufficient volume to
wash away a tlock of 1000 sheep.
The villagers of the valley of Noander report that for several days pre
vious to the catastroph" domestic animals were greatly disturbed, sheep
bleating and dogs barking.
CARNIVAL OF
THE DEMOCRATS
Enthusiastic Gathering
at Dallas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; DALLAS, Tex.. Oct. 2.— There vrete fully
10,000 persons on the grand stand at the
Fair Grounds when the distinguished per
sons who have come from points outside
of ■ the State to attend the Democratic
carnival put in an appearance. As the
leaders mounted the stand they were
loudly applauded. When Mr. Bryan ap
peared, it was as if the sound which em
anated from the thousands of throats
would tear out their linings.
■ Among those present were: Hon. O. 11.
j'. Belmont . and Congressman William
(Suiter of. New York, ex-Governor Stone,
Major H. W. Salmons of St. Louis, ex-
State Treasurer of Missouri; Colonel M.
C. Wetmore of St. Louis, the anti-trust
millionaire: Governor D. A. Jones of Ar
kansas; Governor Joseph 1). Sayei of
Texas, Congressman Champ Clark of Mis
souri; ex-Govern T. T. Crittenden of
Missouri; J. G. Johnson of Kansas, chair
man of the National Democratic Execu
tive Committee: Sam B. Cook, chairman
of the State Democratic. Executive Com
mittee of Missouri and manager of the
w&ys and means, committee of the. Demo
cratic National Executive Committee;
Congressman J. W. Bailey, R. 1". Henry
and R. ]■'. Burke; l"u;i. d States Senator
Horace Chilton. Hon. Thomas Campbell
and many Texas leaders. In addition there
were also present:- Colonel Fred Fleming,
James: A. Reid and L,. F. Wilson, all of
Kansas City, who are here for the pur
pose of booming that city as the location
of the next National Convention of that
party. ' •
Ex-Governor Stone was the first speak
er. At the close of his speech the temper
of the meeting was manifested by cries of
"Bryan! Bryan!" in stentorian tones from
every portion of the throng, varied with
calls for "Belmont! Belmont! get up and
show yourself." The crowd would take
no refusal; and from his seat in the back
end- of the speakers' stand the New
Yorker arose to receive an ovation. The
calls that reached his ears were long
drawn out and of terrific volume. It was
the old "rebel 11."
Governor Jones of Arkansas was the
next speaker. When Governor Jones
closed there were prolonged cries for Mr.
Bryan. . :
The programme arranged for the morn
ing had not been completed and his time
.had not yet arrived; The calls continuing,
he responded in a short talk, party or
ganization being his theme. He did not
believe all votes cast for him the last
time were counted and thought many were
counted against him which were not cast.
The Democratic party did not have the
advantage in 1896 of such an organization
in the beginning of the campaign as It
had now. .The rank and file of the party
had been fighting ever since the polls
closed and in defeat had been more hope
ful of success in lf»<>o ever since the elec
tion day than the Republican party In
victory.'
Congressman Bailey, Democratic leader
of the House, and Senator Chilton then
spoke. Th- Inner wheel In the carnival
is the Senatorial race In Texas. Senator
Chilton will stand for re-election and it la
generally understood that Mr. Bailey will
oppose him.
At the afternoon meeting the crowds
were larger, if anything, than in the
morning. General- Cabel presided and
Congressman Champ Clark of Missouri,
Congressman Hugh Dinsmore of Arkan
sas and ex-Governor Adams of Colorado
were the speakers.
STAGE ROBBERS FAIL
TO SECURE ANY BOOTY
Overlook a Box Containing $12,000
Worth of Gold Shipped From
the Camp Bird Mills.
DENVER, Oct. 2.— A special to Ihe
News from Ouray, Colo., says:
Two masked men stopped the SnefCels
stage one mile this Bide of the Camp Bird
mills and eight miles from Ouray this
afternon. They were after the daily ship
ment of gold bullion from the Camp Bird
snine. and.unloaded the mail and baggage
looking for It. However, they overlooked
the box containing 512.U00 worth of gold,
representing two days' production of the
mine. The mails were left untouched and
the passengers were not molested-. .
Sheriff Edgiir was notified, and with a
posse overtook th< holdups near Yankee
Boy basin. After a brisk exchange of
shots the officers retired to secure rein
forcements. Several other parties are In
pursuit.
STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.
Life Saving Station at North Beach
Destroyed.
ASTOTUA, Or.. Oct. 2.— News was
brought to this city to-night of the almost
total destruction !nst evening < f the North
Beach, Wash., life-saving atatlon by light
ning. The entire upper story of tl
tors of the crew and a dwelling alongside
the building ex i upied by one of the crew
■ d. No one was injure,]
by the bolt, but the escape of the crew
was miraculous.
Fruit Crop Good
VISALIA. Oct. 2.— 1. H. Thoma?, horll-
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clea.n are comfort-
able.
cultural commissioner of the Visalla dis
trict, has made, his report to the Hoard
of Supervisors for August and September.
Thomas says he finds the orchards have
broken all previous records for crops, and
that about one-fourth more fruit was
raised than was anticipated by the most
sanguine orchardists.
FREIGHT CARS WRECKED
AT CROWS LANDING
Eleven Cars Burned and a Number
of Sheep and a Quantity of
Fruit Lost.
CROWS LANDING. Oct. 2.— A north
bound freight train ran into a string of
freight cars on a siding owing to a mis
placed switch early this morning. Eleven
freight cars were burned, also one car
load of sheep, a car of whisky, an oil
tank and eight cars of fruit. The engi
neer and fireman with slightly hurt.
Th.-> southbound train was too long for
the siiiino:. and in switching the balance
of thi train upon another siding the
brakeman neglected to close the switch.
!','!■ .T^ine of the northbound freight is a
.. wreck.
A large warehouse belonging to Simon
Newman was complete ly destroyed
through the wreck. It was noarlv full of
• which was almost covered by in-
MURDERS COMMITTED
BY AN AGED MAN
M. McXinney Kills His Wife and a
Merchant. Then Commits
Suicide.
STRAXQER, Texas, Oct. 2.— M. McKin
ney. aged •" years, to-day killed Paul
Todman, the proprietor of a general
am l then went to a vacant house
neai by ai o blew out his own Dr
: .■liei the shooting it was discov
ered that Mrs. McKlnney, wife of the
nii'rderer had been murdered, hf-r dead
'."■lnn found at her home. No
or explanation of the tragedy is known.
ALAMEDA TAX CLAIMS.
Agreement Arrived at Between Dal-
ton and Colgan.
SACRAMENTO, Oct 2. State Con
troller Colgan and Henry Dalti
neda County, hay., entered Into
a stipulation to the effect that in thp
'. pending lax settlement with the Treasurer
imeda County the Item of p"ii taxes,
: which is the matter in dispute, can be en
-1 tlrely eliminated from the settlemt-nt
without prejudice to either party to the
suit. The stipulation was filed In the
County Clerk's office to-day and under its
provisions the Controller can proceed
with the settlement with Alameda Coun
ty, the poll tax receipts being held out
until th*- mattei now pending in court is
The Assessor claims that under th^
■ government act of 1897 he Is enti
tled to r. per cent commission on the poll
• cted by him, while the < !on
troller contends that, as the same act
provides him with two deputies to col
poll »ax In lieu of commissions, tin-re
Is no extra compensation coming to him.
II Dalton wins his suit he will «aln about
In commissions on taxes which it
cost him nothing to collect. .
GOES TO WASHINGTON.
Report That Consul General Beaupre
Has Been Recalled.
PANAMA. Oct. 2.— Advices from Guate
mala Ray that United States Consul Gen
eral Beaupre has been summoned to
Washington and left yesterday by way of
New Orleans. Some allege that he has
been recalled through the Influence of
Minister Hunter, but the general opinion i
of the majority of American residents Is i
that his departure is a result of the re- |
cent investigations by the State Depart
ment of charges against the Minister. Mr.
James has been appointed Consul General
for the present.
MRS. McKENZIE DEAD.
Trial of the Ex-Sheriff Is Accord-
ingly Postponed.
NTAPA, Oct. 2.— Mrs. G<org;e S. MeKen
zi<\ wife of the ex-Sheriff, now on trial
far murfler at Fairfield, dk-fl this morn
ing at her home in Monticello, in this
county. She hail been 111 with consump
tion fur a lonp time-. Three children sur
vive h. r.
The continuing of the MeKenzle trial
will be postponed in consequence of her
d< ath.
WILL ISSUE BONDS.
Los Ang-eles Council Passes the Nec
essary Ordinance.
I,OP ANGELES, Oct. 2.— The City Coun
cil this morning- passed the necessary
ordinances for the issuance of $2,0!*0,000
for water works and the sale of
0 bonds for new school houses.
Laymance Sentenced.
• SANTA ROSA. Oct. 2.-Oeorge W. T.ay
mance of Healdpburg pleaded guilty to
assault with a deadly weapon in Judge
Bennett's court find was sentenced to two
years' imprisonment in Polsom prison.
Laymance was tracked to the Arkansas
'.in. on the border of Indian Territory by
Sheriff Grace, and after his arrest was
brought back here for the alleged killing
of Dr. Kartell of Healdsburg. He was
held for trial for assault with intent to
commit murder and entered a pita of "not
guilty." This morning, on motion of Dis
trict Attorney Webber, he was allowed to
enter a plea of assault with a deadly
weapon.
Ray Is Captured
L.OS ANGKLKS, Oct. 2.-The United
States Marshal's office here has been noti
fied of the capture at Tombstone Ariz
of a man named "Kay, who was indicted
two years ago by the Federal Grand Jury
here for breaking open mail boxes at
Pasadena. His partner, Fuchia was tried
and acquitted. Ray will be brought here
for trial.
Import Duty Removed.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Minister Rus
sell at Caracas has Informed the State
Department that the Venezuelan Govern
ment, by executive decree, has ordered
that for a period of sixty days corn and
beans shall be admitted free of duty, and
that for the same period rice shall pay
only 2 cents per kilo.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
TWO BOYS FIND
A DECOMPOSED
BODY IN PARK
Run to Town and No
tify the Coroner.
A SUSPICION OF FOUL PLAY
BULLET HOLE THOUGHT TO BE
IN THE HEAD.
Walter and Frank Greth Discover the
Remains, but Darkness Pre
vented Deputies From Re
covering Them.
Another mystery of Golden Gate Park
will remain unsolved until this morning.
Yesterday it was reported that the par
tially decomposed remains of a man who
came to his death probably by violence
had been found by two young sons of Dr.
August Greth as the lads were returning ;
to this city on foot from the Cliff House. ;
A search under the direction of one of the
lads was made by Coroner's Deputies La
Combe and Flanagan yesterday afternoon,
but darkness came upon the party before
much could be accomplished. To-day the
mounted police will be dispatched by "Jap
tain Thompson of the park and they will
go over the territory In which the botiy is
supposed to lie.
festerday afterneon Frank and Walter
Greth, aged respectively 13 and 15 years,
and residing at 620 Luguna street, visited
the Cliff House. After a bath ihey con
cluded to walk back to the city and gather
flowers on their way. They had traveled
about a mile when, according to their
Btory they discovered the body of a man
lying n.-ur a dumb of bushes. The loca
tion of their find is described by them a-s
being near the lake and also in the vicin
ity of the speedtrack on the north end of
the park. At first they were considerably
frigntt-md, but they remained and took i
an observation of the corpse. According ,
to their statement, a suggestion of crime ;
is brought Into the case.
The buys say that the head, although
badly decomposed appeared as if there <
were a hole in it. Thinking that a bullet
might have made such a wound, they
Bearched for a pistol, but were unable to
find any weapon. They also found that
the man's hat and coat were missing. A
strong stench arising from the body pre
vent f<l them from approaching very close.
Both of the lads then rushed into the I
city and notified the Coroner's office of '.
(lastly discovery. Deputies La Combe
and Flanagan Immediately drove to the
park, and were met by the eldest of the
brothers, who volunteered to assist them
In locating the body. The party went to
the spot Indicated and searched diligently
itrly an hour. Darkness In the
meantime had come upon them and they
were obliged to abandon their search until
to-day.
Captain Thompson of the park police
was soon notified >>f the case and m> i the
< oroner's deputies whin they returned
i;" the park. Upon learn
ing that the body had not been found he
arranged to have a squad >>f mounted
police cover the ground this morning at 9
Inue the search. The offl
ora are familiar with every inch of
ground in t h»- pleasure ground and the
■ In is confident that the re-mains will
overed before noon. The Coroner's
deputies state thai they have no doubt
a body will be found. They claim that
tht; boys told a straight story. Walter
Greth will accompany the police in the,
morning.
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
GATHER AT SACRAMENTO
Opening of the Annual Convention of
the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2.— Sacramento
was Invaded to-day by delegates to the
annual convention of the Women's
Christian Temperance I'nion, which
opened in this city this evening. The
session was given over to a series of
addresses of welcome and a respons< i>y
.Mrs. Lizzie Ross Miller of Mendocino
County. Those who welcomed the dele
gates were Mayor I. and on behalf <>f
the city, Rev. S. J. Carroll of the Sixth
street M. E. Church on behalf of the
clergy, Major H. Weinstock <m behalf
of the business men and citizens and
Mrs. Maggie Beatty Willis of Sacra
mento on behalf of the local Women's
Christian Temperance Union.
Mrs. Willis referred t>> the matter of
local prohibition legislation in the town
nf Berkeley and said that as a result
of this prohibition it would now be safe
fur th»- parents of California to Bend
their children to the Slate University.
She expressed the hope that similar
action would be taken in other Califor
nia towns. Mrs. Miller, in her response
to the welcoming addresses, mentioned
Sacramento as the sejit of Senatorial
Bcandals and deadlocks, and spoke nf
the rapid growth of temperance senti
ment in the Capital City. She said that
much had been done, but that much re
mained to be done, and spoke of the
pure native vines and brandies as an
evil to be combated. She said that
these wines were leaving a track of sin
and devastation, and that appeals i<
those in high places fell on deaf ears.H
The convention will continue in ges
pinn all the week.
FURTHER ARRESTS OF
THE SCOTSMAN'S CREW
Twenty -Eight Sailors Taken Into Cus-
tody and on Their Persons Is
Found Much Plunder.
MONTREAL. Oct. 2.— Twenty-eight
more members of the Scotsman's crew
were arrested when they arrived on the
steamer Ottoman. When they were
searched over $4000 in money was found
on them and a quantity of goods and
ji welry.
Word has b'-en received at the Domin
ion line office that all the baggage of the
cabin passengers has been recovered and
all the plate of the vessel and that it is
on the way to St. John, N. B.
"NORTH POLE BUOY" HAS
BEEN IDENTIFIED
The Float Dropped. From Andree's
Balloon Opened in the Presence
of Experts.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Oct. 2.— The
buoy marked "Andree Polar Expedition,"
which, with an anchor attached, was
found September 9 on the north coast of
King Charles Island by the master of the
Norwegian cutt< .■:• .Martha Larsaak, was
opened yesterday in the presence of a
number of experts and members of the
Cabinet. It wns found to be the so-called
"North Pole, buoy" which Andree had ar
ranged to drop If he succeeded in passing
the pole.
Faustino May Be Insane.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— Frank Faustino, the
Italian who shot Nick Welch a few
months ago near Alviso, was placed on
triul for examination to-day as to his
sanity. Many believe the man is crazy.
Since being in jail he has eaten but little
and refuses to talk. He did not know
Welch and killed him without provoca
tion. Several doctors were examined to
day, but the court was not satisfied. The
case was continued until to-morrow, when
more testimony will be taken.
Killed by a Fall.
LONDON. Oct. B.— Fred Oharlesy, a
member of the Royal Buck Hounds, has
died at Stoke Poges as the result of be
ing thrown from a horse while showing
aome of his frier,' 1 -- '"iw Tod Sloan, the
American jockey, rides.
SEEKS TO FIND SENOR
TOMAS ESTRADA PALMA
Former Cuban Minister to This Country,
Now in Hiding, Is Being Sought
for by an Associate,
OMAHA, Nebr., Ocfe 2.— General Maximilian Jautscha, an Austrian
who seized one year in the Cuban army under Gomez, is in Omaha
in search of Tomas Estrada Palma, former Cuban Minister to the
United States. Mr. Palma is believed to be living- incognito in Omaha
or Denver and his late associates are anxious to locate him. General
Jautscha said there was no reason why Palma should seek to hide his
■whereabouts, his action being due to disappointment over the failure
of the scheme to pay Cuban soldiers upon their promise to lay down
their arms. Palma is said to have remarked that he would never again
return to Cuba. General Jautscha denied that he is plotting to form
another junta.
HE GAVE THE
"CARRION CHOWS"
THEIR FEAST
Suicide Leaves a Wild
Note.
Malcolm E. Atkins, residing at 1247
Twenty-fourth street and employed on the
Examiner as a compositor, committed
suicide at his home yesterday morning.
A series of fraternal troubles, together
with overwork and ill health, instigated
his rash act. His body was discovered
by his wife in a room filled with gas after
he had been dead several hours. He left
a Bensatlonal note, and it is the opinion
of friends that the man was insane when
he took his own life.
Aikins had been employed as a com
positor for a. number of years. He was
one of the prominent members of the
Typographical Union and was energetic
in the betterment of its affairs, A short
time ago one of the members had some
financial trouble with the union and was
charged with embezzlement. The accused
was a warm personal friend of Aikins
and the latter assisted him in even,' ma.n
nei in righting himself with his fellow
members. The affair preyed much <m At
kins' mind, however, and it is believed to
have been in part responsible for the Mii
cide. Mrs. Atkins also claims that her
husband bad worked much of late and
was run down in health to a great ext< nt.
He had complained frequently of his
health, and It is feared that his mind gave
way under the strain.
Yesterday morning Atkins returned
hor n - from work about 4 o'clock. He Bald
that he was ill and went immediately to
bed. He did not aris«- at noon yesterday
as was his usual custom, hut his wife, re
membering his complaint when be retired,
did not disturb him. At :•; o'clock yester
day afternoon she became worried and
went to his room in the upper portion of
the house. She found her husband
stretched nut dead on the lied, and the
Btrong odor of told the manner of his
death. The poll..- were called and the
Morgue officials notified. When Deputy
Coroner McCormack arrived he found the
following note addressed to the dead
man's wife's on the table:
Maggie: I have fought off the rarrlon
crows till my strupirU- is exhausted, but they
arc determined t<> have their toast Possibly
this "111 satisfy them. Record the gift deed
Immediately and forgive tup tf you can.
MALCOLM.
At the request of relatives the body was
permitted to remain at the home, where
the autopsy and Inquest will be held. At
kins was .!•"> years of age and had no
family save his wife. He was horn in
Minnesota. Among his associates he was
known as a popular fellow and his un
timely death was a surprise to most of
them.
SPIKE SULLIVAN WINS.
Quigley's Seconds Throw Up the
Sponge in the Sixth.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— At the Coney
Island Sporting Club to-night less than
1000 spectators saw "Spike" Sullivan of
In-Lmd beat Jeromi Quigley of Philadel
phia in the sixth round of what was to
have been a twenty-five round go at 135
pounds.
in the opening round Quigley made a
fair Bhowing, getting right and left swings
to Spike's head. H- rushed repeatedly,
but Sjiik'- soon had him figured out and
after the third round had all the better of
the argument. In the sixth Spike forced
Quigley u> the ropea and with a right
swing on the jaw sent him reeling. Once
getting the advantage, Spike never let up,
but with heavy swings drove Quigley to
the floor twice. Bach time he got to his
feet, but h.» was so far gone that his sec
onds, realizing that he had no show,
threw up the sponge after two minutes
and forty-live seconds of fighting, in the
sixth round.
CONNECTICUT ELECTIONS.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 2.— One hun
dred and sixty-two of the 168 towns of the
State to-day elected officials. Returns up
to midnight had been received from LS3
towns of the 162 voting, and the tabus
show Republican victories in 101 towns
and Democratic success in thirty-two.
Full returns from all the towns in the
election of 1896 showed ninety-two towns
to be Republican, twenty-seven Demo
cratic and forty-three divided. Compar
ing the full returns of la.st year with the
returns thus far received from to-day's
election, the Republicans have gained
nine towns and the Democrats five, these
gains coming from the towns classified
last year as divided.
McKinley in Tacoma.
TACOMA, Oct. 2.— Abner McKinl^y,
brother of the President, arrived in this
city this morning. It is believed his visit
is directly connected with the growing
commercial enterprises which will follow
the development of trade with the Philip
pines. He was closeted for an hour with
Senator Foster shortly before his arrival.
Horticultural Convention.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— The Board of Trade,
Farmers' Club and San Jose Grange have
each appointed committees to prepare for
the meeting of the State Horticultural
Society, which convenes here December
6-8 inclusive. A large attendance is an
ticipated.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Warner's Safe
Cure has blessed
the world for twenty-
five years.
It has saved thou-
sands of lives and is
to-day the only
known specific for
all diseases and
weaknesses of the
kidneys and liver.
INSPECTED A
HYDRAULIC MINE
Day of Pleasure for Vis
iting- Engineers.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2.— The party of
mining- engineers to-day, after having
breakfasted at Colfax and seen the opera
tion of hydraulic mines, went to Auburn
for a brief luncheon and welcome at noon,
I and the late afternoon and evening were
| spent In Sacramento. A visit to Dutch
Flat was also one of the features of the
day. When the party landed there it had
| a splendid scenic view of a stretch of
mountainous country over which great
I white and red scars visibly traced twenty
| three miles of ancient river channels
along which the hydraulic operations of
a generation ago flourished.
The visitors saw the only operating
; hydraulic mine in all that region.
| This was the Polar Star hy
! draulic mine, controlled and superin
tended by William Nicholls Jr. This
is the dry season, but 2000 inches ot
water were turned on for an hour to
"liable the miners to fully operate two
8-inch nozzles in the pit, while the crowd
wondered and admired and took snap
shots. A kinetoscope man. took the
scene to display at the Paris Exposition.
It was a striking object lesson, not only
in hydraulir mining- operations, but in the
vast possibilities of hydraulic mining re
maining in California.
At Auburn the speeches attending 1 the
luncheon were specially felicitous. At Sac
ramento the Crocker Art Gallery and But
ter's Fort were first visited, and after
dinner the party assembled in the Capitol
building 1 , which was open and lighted
throughout In honor of the visitors. A
very pleasant season of speech-making
attended the assemblage of the party in
the State Library.
RAILROAD FAVORS THE
TEXAS QUARANTINE
Will Have Nothing to Do With the
Action to Have It
Broken.
AUSTIN. Oct. 2.— Advices reached here
to-day that the Board of Trade of New
Orleans is the instigator of the injunction
proceedings that were to be instituted in
the Supreme Court of the United States to
break the Texas yellow fever Quarantine
against that city. The suit is now in
course of preparation and will probably
be filed October i" .it Washington.
State Health Officer w. S. Blunt to-day
received a copy oi the following telegram
sent by General Manager <;. Q. Van vleck
of the Southern Pacific Company to J. T.
Kay of I ,v < Orleans:
"] notice a special telegram from New
Orleans to the effect that New Orleans
will go before the United States Supreme
Court in an effort to break the Texas
quarantine. We will have nothing to do
with the proposition, for the following
reasons:
"If the Texas Health Officer is enjoined
orange or Beaumont will unquestionably
put on a local quarantine and tie us up
completely. If they should get an in
junction we would, as a matter of self
protection, appeal to the Governor. They
cannot enjoin him, and we cannot afford,
by reason of the action taken by New Or
leans, to run the risk of having our track
torn up and our bridges destroyed, and I
would ask that you decline to furnish any
information unless it is under legal pro
cess."
WRIT OF HABEAS
CORPUS FOR CARTER
The Captain, Convicted by Court-
Martial, Granted Temporary
Respite From Prison.
NEW STORK, Oct. 2.— Judge E. Henry
Lacombe of the United States Cifcuit
Court granted to-day the application for
a writ of habeas corpus made by counsel
in behalf of former Captain Oberlln M.
Carter, convicted by court-martial of con
spiring to defraud the Government out
of about $I.7OO.ikhj while in charge of the
harbor improvements work at Savannah
Ga.
The plea for the writ was made by Ab
ram J. Rose and the order was made re
turnable before Judge Lacombe at 11
o'clock Wednesday morning. It was held
by counsel that under the articles of war
< arter could not be punished by both fine
and imprisonment, but should have been
sentenced to suffer one or the other of
the penalties.
The writ will be served on General Mer
ritt and Captain Roberta to-morrow morn
ing and this will prevent his immedite
transfer to Leavenworth prison. Carter
was notified to-night of the granting of
the writ and his friends hope the outcome
will be to save him from further impris
onment.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Orders Issued in the Army, Pensions
Granted and Increased.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 2.— Army
orders— By direction of the Secretary of
War Assistant Surgeon Thomas Crooke
McCleave is relieved from duty at San
Diego Barracks and will proceed to San
Francisco for assignment to duty with
the troops going to the Philippine Islands.
Private John Plorrie, Battery A. Sixth
Artillery, now at Honolulu, will be dis
charged from the service of the t'nited
States. Acting Hospital Steward Ralph
R. Edwards. Hospital Corps, San Carlos,
Ariz., will, upon re-enlistment, be sent to
the Presidio, San Francisco. Privates
Charles B. Carpenter, William Robinson
and James H. Whalen, Company H,
Twenty-seventh Infantry, Presidio, San
Francisco, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States.
Pensions— California: Restoration and
reissue— William Hughes, dead, Vallejo
$12; John J. C. Koch, San Francisco, $f>.
Increase— Special September Tl — Joseph B
Califf, Ventura. $12.
Original widows, etc. — Mary Hughes
Vallejo, $16.
Washington— lncrease: Joseph H. Mil
ler, Rosalia. $6 to $s. Increase— Osgood
Bulleck, Sightly, $6 to $8.
Spring's Successor Chosen.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— The resignation of
Councilman H. M. N. Spring, who turned
his property over to his sister and suh
reptitiously departed for the East to
avoid paying Mrs. Emily Spring $200 per
month alimony, was accepted by the City
Coundl to-day. It was forwarded from
New York. Mayor Martin nominated F.
D. Hatman, a carriage dealer, to fill the
vacancy created from the Third Ward,
and he was unanimously elected.
Hate's. 1 Hale>S *
~ mmmmmmmmmmm ' ... mil th\-i week from 9 to 12, In our ladles'
free embroidery lessons »££&?. ■■•■?•■ R
Dewey's handkerchief house
— — : ■ w il| be taken from the window
One Of OUP $5 hatS to-morrow— to-day is your last
dressy hat in styl- | chance to see the fac-simile of
rjsK & ish shade of green,. our hero ' s birthplace in Mont-
/\f>^\ tucked velvet crown; j pelier, Vt thousands have ad-
AX\(/%2 two pairs mercury I P enc '>
rss3s^CS> wings; Alsatian bow mired it.
of green velvet inter- this is handkerchief week;
>^~^£ lined with white silk, a^ means our best goods, our
(ft .- j§> fastened with rhine " best prices and our best efforts
■ Sf ' stone ornament.form- are put forward.
Js-1 . . „ . _/x prt . are put forward.
jtid^J^^ mg broad eitect , r
y^jQ\^4' rosette trimming on ladies' japanette initial handker-
*^^" harifipau Jfiß chiefs; nearly as fine as silk...>c each
Danaeau. . . . . .(po ladies' cambric and swiss handker-
! chiefs, in a large variety of patterns;
/\nr\e\ u/iinnnet l^ i embroidery, hemstitched and scal-
gOOa Wrappers : loped emb % idery; lace and guipure
ladies' blue and black heavy flan- edges 12 1 -2 c each
nelette wrappers with full flounce ladles' linen handkerchiefs, em-
skirt; ruffle and braid trimmed waist; brokered, scalloped border and swiss
tight fitting waist lining; they are hemstltched; embroidery and «cal-
the season's latest styles, and tneir ]oped borders also with lace edge; the
regular value is $1.75; price^... •• most extensive as well as the daint-
JUJ.^o eacn jest line we have ever shown, at
25c each
irrkiit* I-icirirllr^f»r — ■ a large shipment of ladies' very fine
yOUr nanaKCrtniCl I all-linen embroidery hemstitched lace
npnfnmfH fn^e I edge and scalloped border handker-
pertumea tpcc ch efs> from 50e t0 52.50 each
with Hudnut's perfumes, lasting,
fragrant odors of unusual merit; the -foiloi* SUitS
following odors are 50c ounce j LcIIIUI OUUO
sweet orchid lily of the valley ladies' tailored suits of gray home
Jf^vi« r.<T,iT wnnr! violet ! spun and blue Venetian cloth; six-
np»» d'SSagne jockey club ' button jacket; silk lined and strap
verveine P apoponax tailor finish; skirt tailor strap finish; .
• white heliotrope violet orris percaline lined and perfect hanging;
napoleon violet . white iris they are excellent value at gjj^
white rose stephanotis •••- *1^..»0 each
white lilac
toilet waters ; 75c bottle {SlLjo&_gMy *7W m *,
sweet orchid Lillian Russell Jm^^GnZ,* m^'C^'^
white heliotrope Portugal *^ -~*&mJZ?J'<*l> GOOi>2^
verveine gg g4
Pl^.!..Ti. er .«. '• ..-.. ™80e tO b P o ui4 936> 937 Market Street. ™'
SUDDEN DEATH OF
JOEL H, COOPER
Prominent Attorney of
Santa Barbara.
SMCial T)isr.atgh to The Call.,
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 2.— Joel H.
Cooper, a prominent attorney of this
county and an ex- Assemblyman, was
found* dead last evening in his rooms in
this city. He had a severe hemorrhage,
and being unable to call for assistance,
aied alone. He had retired about 9 o'clock
and about 10 o'clock parties walking along
State street and under the room occupied
by Cooper heard and saw blood dropping
upon the sidewalk. An officer was called
dethes sitting in a chaii with his head
hanging out of the window In several
laces in the room there were quantities
of blood. The supposition is that he broke
a Wood vessel wiuU coughing and rushed
to the door to call someone, but when he
I round he could not call, he went to the
window and there became exhauste^:
M..r<- than a bucketful of blood was up
on \h>- si. 1. -walk. When found the body
was still warm. Cooper was an able law
yer and politician of this county. He was
62 years o*f age.
DEPOSITORS DISSATISFIED.
Claims of Mismanagement Against
Union Bank Directors.
PAX JOSE. Oct. 2.— James W. Rea.
president of the board of directors of the
wrecked Union Savings Bank, which is
winding up its affairs, has called a joint
meeting of depositors and stockholders
for l'» a. m.. October 10. At that time he
will submit his semi-annual r.-port.
Affairs have not been moving alung en
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ARMY
OF ABLE MEN
Are Living" Examples of the Su-
perior Ability of Dr. Meyers
& Co., the Skilled Spe-
cialists.
Thousands of men have been given
health and strength by Dr. Meyers &
Co. Hundreds who are now treating
with these successful specialists are on
i the rapid road to recovery, happy in
' the knowledge that they have found
physicians who are honest, earnest and
competent.
Dr. Meyers & Co. treat nothing but
diseases and weakness of men and
make a specialty of lost manhood, pri-
vate diseases, kidney and bladder dis-
eases and contagious blood poison (con-
tracted or inherited) at any stage.
Their staff is composed of experienced
specialists, each of whom treats one or
two diseases, ailments in which he is
more proficient than his associates or
i any other doctor.
The remedies, methods and appli-
a nces with which Dr. Meyers & Co.
! have made so many marvelous cures
during the past eighteen years are
never failing and are known to no one
else. No mineral .or injurious drugs
{ are ever dispensed, or electric belts
' used, and all medicines are compound-
; ed in their own private laboratory, free
I to patients.
Arrangements can be made to pay
after cure is effected, or payments may
be made in monthly installments.
Home cures a specialty. All eorre-
! spondence confidential. Private book,
I prices, etc., sent sealed by mail.
Cures sent by mail or express free
] from observation. No printing on en-
| velopes or packages to indicate name
lof sender. Call or address Dr. Meyers
i & Co., 731 Market street, San Fran-
| Cisco. Elevator entrance.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
j Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
\ Wilt's Man VeaetaWe Pills
I Ar» acknowledged by thousands of persons
i who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Plm-
I>les »r.d purify the blood.
tirely satisfactorily to the depositors.
They charge that the monthly expense
of $7,'Q for regular salaries is entirely too
high. Th-y also charge that the board is
not harmonious and that some big men.
in the bank are being sued while others
am not. Rea's report is expected to con
tain matters of much interest. So far
only one dividend of 5 per cent has been
paid the depositors.
When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention.
The Call.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
fcA_N FRANCISCO.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
For a restful, health-renewing
vacation this is the best time.
Accommodations maintained at
highest standard.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m. ; private rig to
springs; round trip. $7. Apply "W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., or J. H. SIMP-
SOX, I. O. O. F. building. San Francisco.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Bnghts and other renal
complaints, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further Information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.,
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st.
Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS. "j
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your I
Rheumatism: Address A. BETTENS, at I
springs, or call on LOMBARD & CO I
agents, room 30-2214 Geary st. * I
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHFS
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms Rood
boating on lake; boats free to guests pric»a
reasonable. $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT-
' none better in Lake Co.; gas Indoors and
out - ' H. WAMBOLD
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P
» m. ; stage meets train at Napa City am
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. o
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ, Santa Cruz ~Ca7
First-class Family and Commercial 'Hotel
This hotel Is located on the corner of Locust
»nd Vine streets, one block from the Court
house. Rates, $1 to »2 per day. Special rat«
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON SO4
Montgomery rt. .;»-.. ..-.,. . ,'^T? r >
...DO NOT^T
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting- ths
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sanu
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
._ _ ...TERMS...
i| g"S: "" Per Week
•5 Cents. per Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.NOMINATED BY
THE DEMOCRACY
Candidates Are Named in a Scene
of Wild Confusion.
Local Convention Degenerates Into a Farce, in
Which Phelan, Dodge, Cole, Boland and
Doolan U/in the Favors,
Mayor James D. Phelan
Assessor . . Dr. Washington Dodge
City and County Attorney . . .
Franklin K. Lane
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
Coroner .... Dr. R. Beverly Cole
Tax Collector . . Richard P. Doolan
THE Democratic Municipal Conven
tion Justified Its existence last night ,
by rooking Native Sons' Hall a
scene of ■wild disorder and by sub»
mitting- to a dictatorship that Buck- '
ley In his palmiest days would not
have dared to assume. Th© delegates
were there, to do as they were ordered.
They could not venture an Individual
opinion or a vote,, and In substitute for
{both they groaned, cheered, hissed, cat
called and howled until the hall was bed
lam and. the chairman, Jasper McDonald,
became the butt of coarse Jokes and every
ribald jest that rowdies cared to fling at
his head. But that was the sum of the
rebellion. Th© delegates voted the pro
gamme which McNab had prepared.
\ There were two protests, but they were
weak in effect if not in noise.
"Break the slate" was shouted from the
galleries and among the delegates, but the
slate as not broken. Some of the worthy
representatives of Democracy kicked In
the traces like stubborn mules, but the
-.bit was too firmly fixed and they were
whipped back again in line. The chair
man made rulings that brought a roa*
from the stubborn ones a.nd a smile to the
faces of the tractable, but his rulings
were sustained. And there were some In
dependent epirits in the convention that
chafed under the humiliation of being
more insultingly led than they ever had
been und< the regime which "reform"
' politics has superseded.
It was perhaps five minutes before
. Chairman McDonald was floundering in
his own rulings. Appeals were taken from
. his • decisions and with the perspiration.
making a full moon of his face he de
' clared himself out of order, sustained
an appeal, than rescinded it and tin tiiy
. guzca oh the cat-calling crowd with a
: look that asked lor assistance. With the
tiicJ of several secretaries he was released
iroiu his entanglement and ordered the
■reading of the platform.
..The document discusses everything from
"The white Man's Burden" to the neces
sity of keeping the streets clean. Every
thing Democratic is lauded and every
thing Republican condemned. It Is re
marKable, perhaps, for two elements— its
extreme length and Us significant silence
in reference to the national Democratic
platform adopted at Chicago. This alienee
proved to be the Joker oi the evening.
ji the Chicago platform had been adopted
tlie "Hoot Mon" would have to sacmice
his slated candidate tor District Attor
ney, who is Charles "Wesley Heed, he of
th<-' braes lur.gs.
Over, the omission of that indorsement
the first row of ihe evening occurred.
Charles Edeimann nad anticipated it and
• was prepared with a resolution pledging
iho convention to tlie principles of the
; national party. Mr. Edelmann tried twice
tp gain tiie recognition, of the chair, but
lie was not on the programme ana the
■chair ignored him. The third time Edel
man succeeded and he ascended to the
stage under the fire of his. enemies' biases
ana x'as cheers of his friends, He tried
to read his resolution and his voice was
dromied in tin? .sound of howls and shouts
and joers. He cursed with an eloquence
tnat inuicatod that he felt what he said
ami then tried again. Attempts after at- •
tempts wero to no purpose and then Mr. !
Edelmann; calling upon the Deity to damn
the entire assemblage, laid his resolution
on the secretary's table and retired in
disgust. The document will be lost by the
committee on resolutions.
strove to succeed
Edelmann had failed, but after
disj >inting himself in wild gt»jsticula
red. Th* first skirmish was
rman McDonald th«=n announe
of five on resolutions. The
: banded to him and
tly familiar with the
last to decipher it.
me to his assistance
■■'■ '■-■ ■ ■ ■- . lm Idi ■ t bad been
•■ 1 ■■ . ness was an
ommittee on Supervisors
I nominations fur
. :n order.
■ ominating Mayor Phelan
er term fell to the luckless lot
Whiting. -Mr. Whiting is ua~
a very estimable young man.
• night from a painfully
C Mage, fright He
: fore, feel too keenly the
■•■:■■') \iy his hearers
ess They cartainly did
ij Ing and 'prob
an was re
nimous vote- cast by
ssor Dodge and City
. received slm
tiona for Public Ad
' '■ " gress that the first
r ' rebelli< i p,,. n , k Boland.
n named
• verything i beautifully
"••■'» ''■'■ v -.1 in the
A lump of right, .us Indignation
in the throat of M. • Ffassett when
• ■. 'nt w as n Mr Has
' • ■ i] ney after
re at the vei threshold of
■■ as on enfci ■ uDon
■■ cney's vested rights. Ho glow
ered at Mr. Maxwell as that gentleman
meekly asked the I airman:
Mr. I'hairman, may I Bpeak?"
■ . >!' Donald hesitated a mo
then said that Mr. M swell
k. The candidate ai
.tnd announced his wlthdi
■ reliably informed th
for the nomination.
- • -i passed.
r ;)'.<■ nomination fur
nounced the storm of r^
n burst forth. I>r. R. Beverly
didate, but Coroner
• cmlned to try conclusions with
Crie'nda were i'-crion In the
■ luring: the roll call they
cheered and yelled encourage
.• 11 was tn no purpose. Only 113
I • mustered. The
i >r. Cole from recelv-
B unanimous nomina
md after the contest they
rite three rousing
I
Chairman Donald rapped for order
shortly before S o'clock, with Thomas
•Hickry on his left to jot down the pro
.effdings. The uproar mad* by the gath
ering flans had not yet subsided under
the poundings of the gavel when Delegate
Kdelman was on his feet with the offer
of a resolution. The chairman informed
the delegate that he was not in order
End preceded to get down to business by
naming three assistant secretaries. He
announced the names of Prank Kenney
. Inoir.;iH Cleary and James Maher for
those positions.
Andrew G. • quire then took the plat
form to read the report of the committee
.on platform, from which he proceeded to
consume the next thirty minutes of the
convention by the reading of typewritten
manuscript, wherein the Democracy of
ban Francisco reasserted again Its belief
In Democratic principles and in which
Mayor Phelani Assessor Dodge, City and
County Attorney Lane nd Supervisors
I>yingtpn and Deasy were lauded to the
skies. Ihe pledge was read committing
the nominees of the convention to adher
ence to the civil service provisions of the
new charter, to support of the movement
for new pavements and new sewers to
the extension of the park panhandle and
for the connection of the park with the
Presidio. It advocated the doctrine of
bonds for public Improvements; declared
for a new City and County Hospital
pledged its candidates for Supervisors not
.to grant franchises for steam railroads
rough any densely populated portions of
'.he city, and further pledged them to'u<=e
fVery legal means to cause to be removed
•'.he present tracks of the Southern Pacific
through the Mission district and to cause
.).. company to use Its right of way on
:he bay shore.
further the platform declares the ac
commodatJons in the public schools to be
insufficient and pledges the nominees of
the convention to proceed with all dili
gence to the reconstruction and repair of
existing school buildings and the erection
of modern buildings where the demands
of the population require them. In the
same document the nominees for Mayor
and Supervisors are pledged to stipulate
in all contracts let by th« Board of Pub
lic Works and other boards in all public
work for a daily wage of not less than
$2 for eight hours' work. Present port
charges were denounced and the candi
dates pledged to labor to the end that all
INCIDENTS THAT MARKED THE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
port charges and restrictions on shipping
at this port may be reduced or removed
so as to Invltf ocean comnierrc.
The reading of the platform contained
also a paragraph announcing the oppo
sition of the delegates to the Introduction
Into political ana social life of religious
tests, and condemned any effort to
abridge the provisions of the constitution
of the country with respect to absolute
religious freedom.
The reading was concluded with a de
nunciation ot trusts and a condemnation
of the present Democratic municipal of
fioe holders and a declaration mat the
platform must be signed by ail candi
dates within ten days of their nomina
tion.
No sooner had Mag'uire ceased from '
reading than E. C. Harrison was on his
feet to hurl the tlrst brick at the slate
H was a heavy missile and well aimed.
"I move," h>- thundered at the chair.
"as an amendment to the platform re
ported that it contain a resolution declar
ing Ineligible for nomination by this con
vention any member of the convention."
One could imagine that he beard a
house fall, so numerous were the cries
of "Good boy!" Sit down:" "What's
eatin' ye?" and similar questions that
were hurled at the amender through the
gaps in the applause. Maguire, who had
[•ported the plat from, arose to defend it
from this ass-ault In the house of its
friends. He arose to the point of orn>i
that the resolution contemplated by th»
amendment of Harrison could not be con
tained In the platform, but should be
submitted as a plain resolution, to be re
ferred in Its due course to the committee
on resolutions.
The chair decided the point of order
well taken, and the fighting blood of i
Harrison flew to the top of the glass.
"I appeal from the decision of the
chair." exclaimed Mr. Harrison. "I ap
from the decision of the chair."
"Wow!" how the Harrisonites yelled. I
"No! No!" came from all over the |
i house when the slate-writers came to !
themselves and discovered that Jasper
was falling down on them. "No! No!"
"Division! Division!"
■ hair had gained Its second wind by j
this time and was coming to, like a pugll- j
Ist 'Hinting- the fateful ten Beconds. He
stammered and muttered a little and
raise 1 , his voice to announce that a divis
ion had be«-n called for, and he would put
the motion .again. This brought a r»mnn-
Btrance from Harrison, who Insisted that :
the chair had ruled that his appeal had
been sustained by the chair. Mr. McDon
ald was in an awkward fix, and misht
have be*»n there yet had not a kindly lot ,
of friends of the slate pot in with uproar ,
enough to drown a Niagara. By the time
that had subsided McDonald was himsHf
again. H«- calmly put the question again, ;
and by rare intelligence and without the
aid of a teller [lucked victory for the
chair and- the slat* out of a chaos of dele- i
gates. So cleverly did ho do It that his
decision was announced before the "noes"
had a chance, to vote, it larred him
somewhat to do it, however, for he was i
about, to pass over the platform without '
the formality of indorsing it. when hla !
attention was called to thr> matter, and!
the eulogy of all thinps Democratic was I
sent through with a whoop.
Del. -gate Kdrlmann thought this was a
good time for him to pet in with his reso- i
lutlon. and he bobbed up again with a \
demand that he be heard. He was
promptly «hut off by the chair, who by
; this time had got a rtrm prip on the pro
; gramme and did not propose to be shied
off the track by any such proposition. He
announced that the committee on order
of business would report, and J. V. Whit
ing read the results of that committee's
I labors. It recommended that nominations
be made in the following order: Super
visors. Mayor. Assessor, City and County
Attorney. Public Administrator, Coroner
Tax Collector, Treasurer, Auditor. Sheriff,
County Clerk, District Attorney, Recorder
and Police Judges. A motion to adopt this
order of business was prevented from
sliding through with the smoothness cal
culated by reason of the arising of Dele
pate Harrison with the resolution that
raised the preliminary row. It war.
promptly declared out of order and the
order of business adopted.
The chair then announced the appoint
ment of the following committee on reso
THE SAjN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
I lutlons: Walter Thompson, J. I^eo Park,
! John T. Kane, Charles A. Swlegert and
Thomas F. Klernan. Delegate Edelmann,
: not yet rebuffed, afram thought he saw
his chance to get in with that resolu- |
I tlon. He rushed up to the front and j
clamored for the ear of the chairman.
He got it at last and was told that he |
; was In order. He started at once to read !
his precious document, only to be inter- j
: rupted by cries of "Platform." "Plat
-1 form," until in sheer desperation he was
forced to mount the dread eminence.
"I offer the following resolution," he
said, "and move that It be adopted by
thls convention." Then he read: "Re
solved. That this convention reaffirm the
principles enunciated in the platform
adopted by the Democratic national con
vention at Chicago In 1896."
Del' pate T. J. 1- itzsimmons, whose locks
are «it the shade of the once "champ."
made his way to the front of the hall and
In loud tones called upon the assembled
delegates to declare themselves for or
against the Chicago platform. In the lan
: guage of the street, Fitzsimmons was
given the "haha" and returned to his se.tt
growling and ready to take issue with the
llrst man that knocked the chip off his
; shoulder.
The unexpected Fitzslmmons disposed
i of, the chair announced that the conven
tion was ready to proceed with the order
Of business. He declared that nomina
tions for Supervisors were In order. The
chairman of that committee announced
that It had not finished Its labors and
begged to be excused until the next meet
ing. Tt was so ordered, and the; chair
asked for nominations for Mayor.
J. V. Whiting took the platform and in
a short address placed the name of James
D. Phelan before the convention. There
was considerable cheering as he finished.
Edward I. Coffey, the Judge's nephew,
moved that the nomination be made unan
imous and somebody else moved that the
secretary he Instructed to cast the vote
uf the convention for the Mayor. This
was done amid much cheering. Out of It
arose the pale hair of Mr. FitZSlmmonS,
who. the more he had thought apparently
of his intention to have the committee
»»o on record concerning the Chicago con
vention, the angrier he grew. His face
i was fairly livid as he demanded recogni
tion from the chair.
Quiet again relfrncd. and a motion was
; made by a man in the amen corner that
a committee of two he appointed to escort
' the Mayor to the platform. He was in-
-. <« _ ♦♦♦♦■♦>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦»»f»t»» ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» /* _.
)^:<^^ T7f/s /S r/fis SEASON for jbi Mr?tlf
Atmospheric changes often develop those pains which arise from blood impurities, such as lumbago, C/^'
/&*M sciatica or pains in the hip. Electricity has proved a potent remedy, and in some form is used in leading /©)
I^SSOIIL medical institutions. The advantage of the t~>
)fp . dr. Mclaughlin system M
f $sl| is its comforting and staying power. No shocks which jar the nerves, but a current as genial as sun- fiV/ty?^^
?JlF\ warmth and evenly diffused through the nervous region of the disease. My electric battery is in the I Lj£
J&lij&Fj) * Orm °^ a elt » which is worn a few hours at a time. There is no other belt which has such curative 1 jriL
voltage and so pleasant to use. It is the only Electric Belt which regulates the current by degrees and \l^Sgk
YjJ^l whose disks do NOT BURN THE SKIN. This new method cures where the experiments of spe- ffmSß
i^n'vS cialists and the torture of other treatments fail. Medicines will not cure you. Let your system drink QndfffflM
W\*^M in that vitalizing current which drives oat blood impurities and nerve irritants and completely rids 'wsfifcwSL
v'M' i you of rheumatic pain. « v'fr^
» ■ v •* CALL AND SEE MY FAMOUS! ten years rheumatism. IBl'tß
iSLiUhj LAKh, tAU, hcpt. b, IoJ9. I |^\ W
i I\/TT7'T > T-I/'"M"^ /^MD QT7MT~\ C/^O K7T\7' I suffered from rheumatism ten years, but after using your mf*. *W* \:\
J\ IVIIL 1 n\JLJ \JX\> QITrVTTX r\jE\, IVI I Electric Belt all my pain gone and I can now stoop your **i\-\
\ IVlll 1 LIKJIJ WAV oHINU rUK IVI I Electric Belt all my pain has gone and I can now stoop and jfrfltL .ul* ->
,\ -KTT-»wr nrvATr t-r-v t->t-« straighten myself up as well as ever. lam so satisfied with Vv\fr C"Z~ '^1
rSJH \X/ K( If IK hKrr the ereat an jood results of your treatment that I shall be X iAVl2«fcS'
i X^J-i VY JJWWIV, X J.VJ-.A-.. always glad to recommend it. WILLIAM J. WILSON. n^^iy#i
a . dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, ■ aaj^jSP
M<\ (&$i 702 MARKET ST Cor. Kearny, S. F - and Burdick Block, J^jw!^^^! * W \li^
I / vC" W^r4rT OFFICE HOURS: Ba. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. U^J^^ i^J^Cl -^^Tf
formed that such action would be taken
later.
Nominations for Assessor being In order,
Charles A. Swelgert took the platform to
present the name of Dr. Washington
Dodge. His purpose was guessed and he
was applauded and for the next five min
utes he filled the arid wastes of oratory
with all the posies from MeGuffey's series
of readers In eulogy of his candidate. The
same procedure was taken as followed the
nomination of Phelan and the secretary
cast the ballot of the convention for
Dodge for Assessor.
Franklin K. Lan© was nominated for
City and County Attorney to succeed
himself by Andrew G. Mayuire and his
nomination was carried In the same man
ner as that of the Mayor and the Assessor.
When It came, however, to naming the
candidate for Public Administrator, there
occurred the first hitch In the programme.
Louis de F. Bartlett named Patrick Bo
land. E. C. Harrison, who had caused the
first breeze of the evening, arose to make
the second. He presented the name of
George Maxwell. He was met with a
statement from the chair that the nomina
tions had been declared closed, although
nobody in the neighborhood had heard
any such declaration.
Lionel cries of "no" came from all part*
of the hall, and the chair thought better
of it, allowing the name of Maxwell t« > go
before the convention, the Boland men
demanding that Harrison pnngle up the
$10 nomination fee, although such method
had not been insisted upon up to this
time and although Roland's nominator
had not paid his eagle.
It began to look for a minute as If there
were breakers ahead for the slate. There
was eonsiri-rable hard breathing and
many open manifestations of ill feeling.
What might have come of it all will never
be known, for the reason that Mr. Max
well, in whose favor Harrison had first
Introduced the "Ineligible" resolution, in
order to shut out iiolaml. who was a dele
gate, ;iros. ; and asked that his name be
withdrawn. His wishes were acceded to
with gle<\ and Boland was elected unani
mously, although there were many loud
crie* of "no."
The bitterest feeling of the evening- was
started when the nominations for Coroner
were called for. T. B. I. eland named I Jr.
It. Beverly Cole, and E I. Coffey put in
nomination the Incumbent, Dr. E. E. Hill.
On motion the vote was taken by dele
gations, although mor- than one voice
was raised in protest at this proceeding
Rollcalls were repeatedly asked and the
balloting proceeded amid a thunder of
noises, made principally by the Hill sup
porters, who, as the vote showed, were
stronger in the lobby than the conven
tion. Before the last district had an
nounced its preferences it became plain
that it was all off with Hill. Even while
the secretary was footing up the totals
there were three cheers for Cole and a
like number for Hill.
The chair announced that Dr. Pole had
received 220 votes to 113 for Hill, and he
declared Cole the nominee of the conven
tion. Delegate Ooffey moved that the
nomination of Cole be made unanimous
and, jus-t to show how the Democrat- of
the convention love one another, there
was a storm of noes. Objector Harrison
arose to a point of order that the nomi
nation was not unanimous
"All right." replied the chair; "we will
have to let it stand that it's not unani
mous," and he did.
Richard P. Doolan, nominated by
Thomas Hickey for Tax Collector, had no
I opposition and was chosen unanimously.
'ihe convention then adjourned to meet
1 Wednesday evening at the same place
REPUBLICANS
CLEAR GROUND
Four Candidates for Judge of
Police Court Chosen
Honor of Aspirants a Target in the Secret Ses
sion of the Committee-A Platform
Plank Causes Trouble.
Auditor Asa R. Wells
Treasurer Louis Feusier
Assessor Albert Heyer
Tax Collector . . . J. Harry Scott
Becorder . . . William Z. Tiffany
District Attorney . . Alfred P. Black
Public Administrator . John Farnham
County Clerk . . William A. Deane
Sheriff John Lackmann
Coroner .... Dr. A. D. McLean
Judges of the Police Court — James L.
Nagle, L. G. Carpenter, H. L.
Joachimsen and Charles A. Low.
-^ NOTHER session of the Republican
I \ caucus at B'nai B'rith Hall last
t^\ night engaged the attention of a"s-
I " pirants for municipal office. One
" hundred and eighty-one delegates
participated in the proceedings and re
newed their determination to stand to
gether in the main convention to-night.
The committee appointed to recommend
candidates for the Board of Supervisors
reported progress and promised to submit
a list o-f names to the caucus to-morrow
evening.
An animated session of the committee^
on platform and resolutions (Judge Schell
chairman) was held at the hall before the
caucus was called to order. Delegate
Joseph K. Jones of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District came in late and ascer
tained that a plank of education which ha
had presented at a previous meeting was
eliminated or abridged. When the fact
of the abridgment was made known to
him he impulsively withdrew the entire
plank and plainly indicated that his as
sociates had not acted in good faith. He
declared that the educational plank had
not only received the indorsement of the
sub-committee but had been accepted by
the whole committee. He sought to as
certain the reason why it had been reject
ed in his absence. His demand for light
on this branch of the subject elicited the
statement that the executive committee
did not commend the resolution. The sug
gestion that outside influences had been
invoked aroused the ire of Delegate
Jones. He reminded his fellow-members
that the sentiments expressed in the reso
lution met the unqualified commendation
of President David Starr Jordan of the
Stanford University and other progressive
educators.
Following Is the plank which Judge
ScheH's platform-builders decided to mend
or reject:
In harmony ■with the genius of our Govern
ment and the traditions of the Republican
party, we believe that there is a vital rela
tion between Intelligence and freedom, and that
education is the essential equipment of full
orbed citizenship. To the extent that it Is
general and competent, to that extent are poli
tical rights accurately determined and effect
ively conserved and political duties adequately
appreciated and faithfully performed.
A frte, self-governing people must not only
be an educated people, but that education
must meet the demands of the increasing com
plexity and comtietitlon of our day, and the
marvelous unfoldlr.es of life and mind In and
about us.
In so far as this municipality can legiti
mately foster. It should supplement the efforts
'>: our great universities In giving -our com
monwealth a higher conception of citizenship
and a clearer view of Its functions and privi
leges. Furthermore, up to a like measure, it
should aid the same influences in not only mak
ing Kan Francisco and its environments the
Intellectual center of the State, but also the
educational objective of the Pacific Coast. To
this end our common schools should have a
larger share of public interest and municipal
care. The curriculum thereof should keep step
not only with the demands and eventualities
of practical life, but also plant the incipient
terms, at least, of that mental equipoise and
Wise determinative Judgment which should
characterize the sovereign unit of a free peo
ple. The teachers should be the best the pro
fession can furnish. Incompetence should have
no place in the School Department, no matter
how high the social position or strong the
political Influence. The best Is none too good,
and should be paid for at a rate and in a way
to secure the best. A cheap school teacher is
the dearest article In which a republic can in
vest. Hence the financial affairs of the School
Department should be administered with such
discretion and honesty as to amply provide for
full and prompt payment of its teachers' sal
aries.
Dishonesty In a municipality is as reprehen
sible as dishonesty In an individual. In brief,
the Republican party pledges itself to place our
public schools in the highest state of efficiency,
educationally and financially.
It would be no surprise if the war over
this plank should be carried into the main
convention to-night. ■.--".
At one stage of the proceedings the cau
cus was on the verge of a tumult. Chair
man Kellogg saw the danger ahead and
averted a scene of disorder. A delegate
who was evidently displeased at the
report of the committee appointed to pass
upon the merits of aspirants for Police
Court Judge insinuated thai the report
was not honest. A dozen delegates sprang
up to "hurl back" the insult. Delegate
I. J. Truman Jr. created a sensation by
hints of disclosures made in executive ses
sion of the committee. He said charges
had been made and sustained which re
flected on the honor of two candidates
who had been eulogized in nominating
speeches. Mr. Truman said that he could
not mention names, but intimated that
prominent attorneys had made and proved
the charges before a secret session of the
Chairman Kellogg called the caucus to
order promptly at 8:30 o'clock. A rollcall
being taken, it was found there were few
absentees among the delegates. The chair
announced that the first order of busi
ness would be the nomination of a City
and County Attorney, but there being no
nominations the matter was passed. A
call was then msde for the report of the
committee on Police Judges.
Delegate Edmond Tauszky arose and ad
vised that before the report was made
nominations should be made. He sug
| gested this course, as the convention
j would thus be able to collect $10 from
i each candidate put in nomination. The
; wise suggestion was received with ap-
I plause and was at once put into practice.
, George C. Sargent renewed an old mo
; tion to limit the sppech.es to five minutes,
and then Delegate F. P. Haynes of the
1 Thirty-seventh District caught the chair
man's eye and took the floor. He said
that he had the pleasure of placing: be
j fore the caucus for its consideration for
• the office of Police Judge the name of a
i gentleman who has filled the office cred
itably for the last nine months; that if
I nominated ho would certainly fill it for
the next term. He said the gentleman
I had no enemies in his party; that if nor
n: mated he would have the support of a
• large number of young wn in the Demo
| cratic party, and that his success was
I already assured. He said the nnme he
had the honor of presenting to the cau
; cus was Judge Thomas Graham. When
| the applause that greeted the name had
subsided he continued: "This gentleman
! has got to make a harder tight than sev
eral others who will be here this even
ing, on account of the fact that accord
; ing to your now charter he is disquali
fied. The fact should not stand in his
; way, inasmuch that that particular sec
; tion has been pronounced unconstitu-
I tional by the best lawyers in this city.
And. gentlemen, after a grave considera
tion of that question, I have come to the
conclusion that it is no bar to his chances
of success and should not stand in the
way of your giving him your vote. I
earnestly trust in considering these can
' didatep you will not allow that section of
the charter to militate against his choice
as one of our Police Judges."
In quick succession Delegates W. H. R.
! McMartin, T. \\\ Dennis and Howard
Harron arose and in eulogistic speeches
seconded the nomination.
James B. Barber placed James L. Nagle
in nomination. He said that he arose to
place a gentleman in nomination who had
practiced law in this city for a .number
of years, and that during that period the
finger of scorn had never pointed against
him for any dishonest action on his part;
that he had fulfilled all the qualifications
for the nomination, and If given it he
would win the office surely; that if elect
ed he would be an honor to the bench
and the Republican party. George W.
Elder, Mr. McMartin, G. G. Hillman and
another gentleman from the Thirty-ninth
District added their meed of praise in sec
onding the nomination of Mr. Nagle.
Edmond Tauszky was the next speaker,
and he placed Prosecuting Attorney L. G.
Carpenter in nomination. He said he
arose for the purpose of placing In nom
ination for the office of Police Judge a
gentleman In every res pect qualified for j
the position. He said his candidate had
I lived in this city and county for a great
many years, and possessed all the requi- j
sites-; prescribed by the charter; that he
had a great many friends among Individ
uals and a large following among the
brethren of the press; that he had been
heretofore connected with the press and
that he was earnest and energetic; that
for the last nine months he had acted as
Prosecuting Attorney in the Police Courts.
He had the honor of nominating L. G.
Carpenter.
Percy V. Long seconded the nomination.
Dawson Meyer followed by placing
Judge Henry L. Joachimsen in nomina
tion. He said: "Gentlemen of the caucus:
The gentleman 1 have the great pleasure
of naming to you for Police Judge is well
known to every one in my presence. He
has been before you a great many years.
il<' is- one who has been an officer in this I
municipality prior to the present time, and
Is one whu realizes the Importance of the
position to which he aspires. While on
the bench he wnn the approval of the
merchants of this city and all those who
came before him by reason of the just,
firm and honest way he has acted. The
gentleman 1 have the honor to name this
evening is Henry L. Joachimsen. (Ap
plause.) I need only say to you, gen
tlemen of this caucus, If you will nom
inate the honorable, the fearless Henry
Joachimsen you will make no mistake.
The merchants throughout the commu
nity know him as well as the members
of the bar who have tried cases before
him. and they will all vote for htm if he
is on the ticket." J. H. Humphreys of
the Thirty-seventh District seconded the
nomination in a few fitting sentences.
Judge George W. Schell then arose and
started to nominate E. M. Seamen, but
neglected to pay the $10 assessment. He
was quickly called to account by the del
egates and gracefully yielded the gold
piece. He then delivered an eloquent ap
peal for a nomination for his candidate.
He said he thought the delegates would
delight to vote for him for Judge of the
Police Court of this city and county. His
record was a good one— one that any man
mig..: he proud of. "He wears a badge of
the <o ~= .d Army of the Republic," he
said. "He worthily wears it. He defend
ed the flag of this country when treason
was about to sever it. I think he is en
titled to some consideration. I would not
ask for a nomination for that alone. He
is a lawyer, out and out. He was admit
ted to practice in the Supreme Court in
1881, and is In every way worthy and com
petent to perform the duties of a Police
Judge in a capable and able manner. I
assure you he has backbone, and he will
be able to send a man hipher when he
needs it, and down, down, when he ought
to go down. This is the sort of a man
we want. 1 know him well. His name Is
Edward M. Seamen." F. A. Denicke sec
onded the nomination.
J. P. Saunders nominated Judge A. P.
Trcadwell. He spoke highly of the lat
tor's qualities and concluded his eulogy by
saying that for honesty. Integrity and
ability his candidate stood second to
none. "Senator" Leewald seconded the
nomination.
J. B. Boyne was next recognized by the
chairman and in stentorian tones extolled
the virtues of Charles A. Low. He said
he arose to place in nomination a gentle
man who had served the municipality in
the capacity of Police Judge for two terms
and w.is now engaged as Prosecuting At
tornpy in Judge Conion's court. He was
a gentlemen well known to all present.
"lit- may noi have been favorably report
ed on by tho Committee on Police Judges,"
he continued, "but I want delegates in
this caucus to vote for him irrespective
of the committee. (Applause.) I cams
into this convention as a citizen from the
Forty-third District. I am not here
pledged to any many
The speaker was here interrupted by A.
11. Hazell, who. taking umbrage at
Boyne's attack, arose to a point of order,
which was to the effect that the speaker
was attacking a committee that had not
reported. This was passed without action
by the chairman, and Boyne continued:
"I will say again, whether they vote in
his favor or not, it is with you. gentle
Continued on Ninth Page.
Build Up Your Health.
Build Up Your Strength.
Women, you who are weak and sickly, yon
'1 0 . ? rp . pal< ' and ema clated. remember this:
HIDIAX cures the disorders peculiar to your
sex. HUDYAN restores to you health
strength, happiness. HUDYAN cures thos«
awful headaches (fig. 6), brings back the roses
to pale, emaciated faces (fig. 4). corrects coated
tongue and offensive breath (fig. 3), relieves
palpitation of heart (fig. 2). creates a healthy
appetite and cures indigestion (fig. 1). These
conditions may all be due to female weakness.
HUDYAN goes to the bottom of the evil and
exfrts its curative Influence there. HUDYAN
cures nervousness, sleeplessness, pain in back
bearing-down pains, dragging pains. HUDYAN
gives perfect relief to suffering women.
HUDYAN cures all nervous conditions.
HUDYAN relieves pain or tenderness In the
side and over abdomen.
HUDYAN is splendid for all those chronic
troubles of women, as well as the acute, and
cures permanently.
Don't wait— HUDYAN is within your reach.
Druggists sell it — TiOc a package, six packages
$2 SO. If your druggist does not keep it send
direct to HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner
Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San Fran-,
cisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE— CALL OR WRITE.
1 I ALL WOOL W HE N YOU GET A TAILOR - :
■ I SUITS - I made suit, get the best. •
! •'•■•■^ ,— -^■•■■' Hew about the price you may ■
I '."...'-•. •.«Tf;"..'i-' '.• . ■ ' i
• ;.j: •>'.•.>.;. ■•.".•■.••;.:'■:>.■ aSK -
! SbL *? Do you know that the best costs I
I 'mf Jjr* no more than tre poorly made j
■•■• u^lv 1 ! ■•• '*' 1 *" '" '* c we make the best •
l-irT \^kV^| SJI Si anc * make them for even 25 !
/ '^^l X? per cent less than other tailors. !
I in Mlsi Jj£ Let us show you some of the ;
5 \m\ /fl iK latest styles and materials. 3
j ..1... 1.,. ... 1110-1112 Market I
• ■:'"•■'.■ -'v'/v- ■•.;•■/'■".•■{:': St.. San Francisco •
[ :-VC :^i-**^A".'' : 201-203 Montgomery :
! -oxai l>t-'- : St., San Francisco. :
: '/inn dZvit^ 1011 Washington St.. 5
j /WOOLPANTS\ Oakland. . I
• / f A. SO • I 143 South Spring St.. ■ •
• ' Los Angeles. :
• ... _^ _ :
4vjs!^ OR- JORDAN great, I
{■fiUSIUM OF ANATOMY^
A feß 1051MAEKETsr.Uct.6:at7th,S.r.Cil.^
\ . *sT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V Wo ' ld - Weaknesses or any contracted 4
i S3S £$& disease p»-«lli««-ly cared by ihe oldest X
© /mml speualibtrn the Co«it Esl 36 year>. O
d fl§^» DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
\ V&jghH Cos^ultstion free and strictly pr-rate \
n B JISW N •" "mem personally or by letter. A m
\Bff «8 Pot.Uvs Cure in every case undertaken. W
mfl 11 tIV Writs for Book. rriHUSOI-llVrf A
» ' U 111 HARIIUGE, MAILED FKEE. 'AT
A (f, [g/ valuable book for men) \
f OR. JORDAN A «'<».. 1051 Market St., Q. F. F
II EADQUARTERS •-o-^o*o^o*o*o
o
0 For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
♦ and associations that visit San o
o Francisco. 4
i PALACE AND ♦
♦ GRAND HOTELS. ♦•
A :■-*.■■..-• o
. The accommodations, cuisine, sen-ice *
V and location make these hotels desirable o
' for transient and permanent guests. A
V Rates on application. : ♦
♦ JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. " o
9 Manager. ♦
♦.-. ■ . o
o^-o-»-o-«-0-»-o-»-o-«-o ->- o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-
' — "~*~ ' — ■ — .
HALL'S BEINVIGORATOR
aBo~ Hn Flve hundred reward for any
■ fit case we cannot cure. This secret
L_- __S remedy stops all losses in 24
*£& MR hours, cures Emissions, Impu-
it]i STilT tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
■fa Sot" Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost .
i?7iJ7_Jss^ Manhood and all wasting effects
■-■ a —- a — — of self -abuse or excesses. Seat
sealed, {2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
frr sale at 1073'^ Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invigorator anu Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS it BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
WEEILL CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 pep Year.
5' .TUESDAY OCTOBER 3, 1890
• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 3858.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED ET CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, X cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
pAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f«.OO
PAILY CALL (includinjr Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
PAJLY CALL, (including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.00
." lAII.Y CALL— Single Month «5c
.MAY CALL <~>ne Tear ...... 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
■ All postmasters are authorized to reeeivj subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested,
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquctte Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald 6quare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; V. O. News Co.; Great Xcrtkera Hot**;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Breotano, SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
•. 4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
■ BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Morjtgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open untl)
9:33 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1641 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- &2C Market
. street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner . Twenty*
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoli— "Aida."
Columbia— "Mary Stuart."
California— "A Yenuine Tentleman."
Alcazar— "lnnocent as a Lamb."
Grand Opera House — "Hip Van Winkle."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Ulympla. corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Mechanics' Vavllicn— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit. •
Oakland Racetrack— to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eastern, ESdridga & Co.— This day, at 12 o'clock, Real
Estate, at 63S Market street.
By S. Watktna &.- Co.— This day, at 11 o'clock. Ormonde
Sale Stable, at 1517 Mission street.
By AVm. G. Layng, Thursday, October 5, at 11:30 o'clock,
Trotters and Roadsters, at 721 Howard street,
—
KIPLING AND THE KING
'""T^HERE have been signs of flinching in England
as the Boer war feeling has grown. Herbert
* Spencer, representing the extreme of rational
ism, and Cardinal Yaughan, the extreme of super
naturalism, are at one against the war. Literature
and. religion in all time have not forgotten the rights
of the weak and have joined in rebuking the unjust
u;e of a giant's strength. There has been asserted in
England a feeling that it is not a crime in any people
to assert their right to develop institutions in line
with their national or racial genius, ai.a some have
gone so far as to say that the day England fires a
shot as aggressor in the Transvaal will be the begin
ning of the fall of the empire. This may be true, and
yet the present generation may seem tv see in that
act and on that day assurance of the empire's immor
tality. After empires are dead the historian can go
back and find the beginning of their downfall, but it
is usually unseen by those who are cotemporary
with it.
The aversion to this war shown by English thinkers
has evidently made an impression which the British
imperialists feel must be reckoned with. Mr. Rud
yard Kipling is in the habit of illuminating every
seriou3 situation with a flash of his poetic genius,
which lights the whole world at once. The failure of
the Czar's peace conference was sure from the mo
ment he published "Adam Zad the Bear." We may
call it brutal, unjust, inhuman — no matter, it shaped
the policy of the United States and England, and they
issued from a conference called to promote peace on
earth and good will toward men v.ith but one result
of their alliance, and that the retention of the dum
dum bullet in war because it is the crudest missile
that can be fired from a rifle. Adam Zad the Bear
was abroad, and there could be no peace while he
ranged the hills.
This country seemed to be hesitating between the
unselfish purpose of the Spanish war and a new
born greed for power and possessions and the glories
of empire. In that pause Kipling published his
"White Man's Burden," and what to millions had
seemed a national crime appeared as a national duty,
?.nd the brown man has been disappearing from the
face of the earth quite rapidly ever since.
Mr. Kipling had a difficult task to form the Brit
ish conscience in approval of a war pretended to be
for the extension of the franchise and liberty, while
really to crush a rising republic that Britain may have
no rival in South Africa. It must be admitted that
his poem is of less merit than either of its predeces
sors. He professes to see the King come again in
Oom Paul. So he raises the warning voice against
letting the Boers have self-government in the homes
they planted in the wilderness lest the old idea of the
divinely appointed king shall take root in the Dark
Continent, and come again to conquest the world and
rebind its chains on men.
The poem is badly strained. It is cast in the same
stem mold as Adam Zad, but one cannot help feel
ing that it might just as well be fulminated against the
L T nited States, because we fix conditions to naturali
zation and compel a term of years and complete ab
juration of former allegiance before it can be enioyed
at ell. That the Boers choose to fix the terms upon
which aliens may share their birthright is a sign of
the coming of the king again is almost too fantastic
for poetry, and Mr. Kipling has not added to his
fame by setting up such a fallacy. The hard truth is
that the lion and the unicorn want Africa, and intend
to have it regardless of any rights which their holder
is not strong enough to defend.
Oberlin M. Carter, ex-captain in the United States
army, must serve five years in a military prison for
robbing the Government of $1,600,000. Leaving , out
of consideration the element of dishonor, which the
♦orthy thief seems never to have felt, the Government
h paying him $320,000 a year for his disgrace.
In making its wholesale appointments Saturday
night the Health Board overlooked an opportunity.
It forgot to appoint an inspector of the general fund
to see that no 'other municipal departments interfere
with the raid upon the treasury.
PRESSURE ON DEWEY.
THE movement to make Dewey a candidate for
the Presidency may die out, or it may assume
formidable proportions. It is in line with the
habit and practice of our people, who at the close of
b of our wars have sought to express their feeling
for the leading figure of each by an offer of the Presi
• dency. This began with Washington. It was con
; tinned with Jackson. He was the most conspicuous
| personality in the war of 1812. After we had met a
I series of defeats on land he saved our national pride
j by the victory at New Orleans, and the fact that the
. battle was fought after peace was declared did not
'■ affect his position. The keen political insight of Mr.
I Clay at once saw in Jackson a coining President, and
Ihe ceaselessly antagonized a candidacy that was in
evitable. He joined with Adams, in the election by
I the House in 1824, to defeat Jackson in that agree
-1 ment which Randolph characterized as "an alliance
; between an Eastern Puritan and a Western blackleg."
' It must be said for Jackson, however, that he had at
; tamed eminence in civil life. He was a lawyer of
repute, had served creditably as Justice of the Supreme
Court of his State and had legislative experience in
; Congress.
At the close of the Mexican War the Whigs took
advantage of the latest hero worship in the nomina
tion of Taylor. That party Viad opposed the war, and
Mr. Lincoln himself, as a member of Congress from
Illinois, bad gone to great lengths in antagonism.
But the Whig politicians saw a chance to get a statute
of obli party victory at the same time, and
won with Taylor, who was not known to have ever
subscribed to a single principle of Whiggery. It at
tempted to work the same sentiment in 1852 by the
nomination of Scott, but lost. It is true that Pierce
was an officer in the Mexican War. but was undis
tinguished, and his military record did him no good.
In that campaign the part of Scott in the war was
fought over again. The campaign ballads were war
But the smoldering embers of war enthusiasm
could not be made to blaze, and Scott fell, and the
Whig party fell with him, never making another fight.
History was repeated at the close of the Civil War.
Grant, of unknown politics and undistinguished in
civil life, had made such a glorious history for his
country in war that he was a prize for the politicians.
Yet with him the idea was of slow growth. There is
no evidence that it originated with him or that he had
the slightest ambition for the office. But it came to
him, and his career in it did not add to the greatness
of his fame. His countrymen remember him most
fondly as the organizer and winner of victories in
battle.
Hayes, Garfield and McKinley were all officers in
the Civil War, but it cannot be said that their mili
tary experience as volunteers and not as regularly
trained soldiers was a commanding reason for their
election. It was merely a creditable incident in their
careers, but, standing alone, would have been insuffi
cient to promote them.
Now we have ended successfully the first foreign
war of the republic in which we were the invaders,
and it is not unnatural that the old habit asserts it
self.
There are existing political conditions which make
Dewey's candidacy seem an overmastering necessity
to a large number of politicians. It has been a ques
tion in the minds of thoughtful Democrats whether
that party is to survive. It is known that Mr. Tilden
made a grewsome prophecy that it would rally and
elect one man to the Presidency and then pass out of
existence. Its effort to make Dewey a candidate is a
struggle against fate, and repeats the Whig ex
perience with Taylor in 1848. The candidacy of
Dewey is the only possible way in which it can throw-
Bryan and cleanse itself of the eczema with which he
has infected it as principles. Therefore from th»
South and from New York comes the demand for
Dewey, and the movement will present a very inter
esting study for the next eight months. The move
ment now has the features of an attempt to stampede
not only the party but the country. That it is causing
anxiety is evident in the interview of Senator Hannn.
Dewey himself has taken some pains to state his dis
qualifications for the Presidency, and has treated the
proposition only half seriously. This has seemed to
increase the movement.
Viewed from the politician's standpoint, the Ad
miral's immediate future offers the most alluring pos
sibilities for promoting hi 3 candidacy. The unequaled
effusion of feeling in New York is not to be the last
of patriotic demonstration. A little later he is to go
to Philadelphia and Chicago, and the furor will be
prolonged.
At present the question is the most interesting one
in our politics.
The scandal connected with the attempted sale of
a notaryship would suggest that the Governor might
judiciously establish an exchange for the auction of
positions at his disposal. It seems to be a rather un
dignified proceeding, to say the least, to hawk the
places through the byways by political tricksters.
A GUERRILLA CAMPAIGN.
WIDE as are the differences in the political situ
ations of the various States where campaigns
are in progress this fall, there is one feature
common to all, and that is the lack of a definite issue
upon which the Democratic party can ask the sup
port of the people. In every State, from Massachu
setts to Nebraska, the fight of the Bryanites is scat
tering and ineffective. It is like a guerrilla warfare
or a futile skirmish along a far extended line with no
direct assault anywhere.
From the Democratic campaign orators there has
been some denunciation of the gold standard, of the
tariiT, of trusts, and of the general policy of the ad
ministration, but it seems that upon none of these
issues have they succeeded in rousing any energy
among their followers, and accordingly they run back
and forth from one to the other trying to find some
thing which even if it be not an issue will at least
form a campaign cry and serve to excite the masses.
The trust question appears to be the favorite with
the campaigners in several of the States, and yet even
upon that issue there is lack of coherence and force
in the attack. In lowa the Democratic candidate for
Governor has endeavored to combine an old issue
with a new one by attacking the tariff and de
nouncing it as the parent of trusts. Bryan in a re
cent speech tried to fasten the silver question to the
new them« by declaring the gold standard to be the
cause of trusts, and in Ohio McLean is attributing
the existence of trusts to the general depravity of the
Republican party. Thus in one State Democracy
fromises to abolish trusts by the adoption of free
trade, in another by the remonetization of silver, and
in a third by the mere act of getting possession of the
offices.
Such a condition of affairs in the counsels of the
party is not conducive to clearness of thought among
the leaders of the council, and accordingly it is not
surprising to learn that when George Fred Williams
of Massachusetts was asked by a Boston reporter
what measures he would take to curb the evils of the
trust system he replied that 'lie believed that if
Till: SAN FRAK CISCO CAlili, TUESDAY. OCTOBER 3. 1899.
Bryan we re elected and surrounded by men deter
mined to enforce the law much good would result,
and that this would tend in time to bring about an
effective remedy."
In fact, it appears the Democrats have taken up the
trust question not because they have a definite policy
to propose with regard to it. but solely because they
have no other issue at all upon which to make even
a pretense of a campaign. The country is too pros
perous to enable them to rally the masses by any of
the old calamity cries, and the free silver issue will no
longer serve to win votes. Therefore the trust issue
is brought to the front, and therefore the cry is that
the way to remedy the evil is to elect Bryan and trust
to Democracy.
The Board of Education has decided to equip a
number of the school buildings of the city with fiie
escapes. What a pity it has no power to put them in
the City Hall. Director Gedge might then have a
chance to escape the Grand Jury.
ORDINARILY after such a week as that which
witnessed the triumphant welcome accorded to
Admiral Dewey there would be in New York
a week of reaction and comparative repose, but it will
not be so on this occasion. Thousands of the visit
ors who thronged the city to attend the reception will
remain to witness the yacht races, and the fleets of
excursion steamers, yachts and other pleasure craft
that come and go to and from the course will 'n
themselves form a marine display fully as picturesque
and hardly less imposing than the grand naval pageant
that celebrated the return of the hero.
By the trials to which the competing yachts have
been subjected it has been made abundantly evident
they are the fleetest craft of their kind ever con
structed. Never before have sails carried boats capable
of ocean voyaging so lightly or so swiftly over the
seas. They represent the constructive skill and the
seamanship of the two nations whose sailors and
whose ship-builders are the foremost in the world.
The contest, therefore, is something more than a
sport for men of wealth and leisure. It is another
test of the comparative excellence of the Ameriacn
and the Briton, and as such will be watched with in
terest by thousands to whom yachting is a thing un
familiar and racing ordinarily uninteresting.
The race, moreover, is to be marked by another
feature of worldwide interest. It is to afford an
opportunity for a thorough test of the efficacy of
wireless telegraphy in reporting events as they hap
pen. It is true similar tests have been made before,
and only a short time ago The Call achieved a
notable triumph in journalism by arranging to re
ceive by wireless telegraph the earliest report of the
arrival of the transport with the California troops
from Manila, but nothing yet accomplished in that
way will equal what is to be done to-day by The
Call and the New York Herald in receiving by the
new telegraphy dispatches of the various features of
the race while it is yet in progress and the yachts
are fleeting over the sea.
From the tests which have been made under the
personal direction of Signor Marconi it appears the
I arrangements made for the wireless telegraph service
are such as to assure a successful working of the
system when put into operation this morning. It i^
from The Call, therefore, the people of San Francisco
will get the earliest reports of the course of the
race, and ample preparations have been made here for
bulletining them at once and aJso for showing with
miniature yachts the counterfeit presentment of the
race as it occurs.
As for the race itself everything promises well. Sir
Thomas Lipton has won the favor of the American
people by showing himself to be a frank, true-hearted
sportsman in the best sense of the word, and the race
will be one of friendly rivalry free from any trace of
national or personal antagonisms. The course will
be kept clear from the interference of excursion steam
ers and other craft by a small fleet of revenue cutters
under command of Captain Evans of the navy. Un
less, therefore, some storm prevent, the first match
of the two great yachts will take place to-day under
good auspices, and persons in San Francisco who
watch The Call bulletins will be able to follow it
almost as closely as those who actually witness it from
the deck of an excursion steamer.
An astronomer at Nice, Ita'.y, announces the dis
covery of a new comet. It is approaching the earth
at a great rate, and it will not be surprising to hear
within a day or so of some New York yellow news
paper hoisting the name of the celestial wanderer at
the head of its editorial column as a Presidential can
didate — not only hoisting, but nailing.
FOR YOUNG AND FOR OLD.
BY the arrangements made for a series of articles
designed for continuous home studies The Call
will furnish every day papers of instructive value
las well as of interest to the family. The studies are
i designed for the young as well as for the old. While
the series upon the works of Shakespeare will attract
the more thoughtful students of the higher branches
of literature, the desk studies for girls and the shop
and trade studies for boys will meet the need of
young people who wish to acquire information that
will be of practical value to them in the affairs of life.
The education of the mind begins with infancy,
and so long as the brain retains activity the educating
process never ceases. It is for each man and woman
to determine in what directions education shall go
forward. The press furnishes information of all kinds
on matters of current interest, the evil with the good.
the trifling events of life with those of the gravest
importance, but hitherto it has not seriously set about
providing for its readers courses of study having a
definite purpose in the direction of education. That
which has been lacking in the past is now to be made
up so far as The Call is concerned by the reading
courses which have been prepared under the direction
and supervision of Professor Seymour Eaton, for
merly of the Drexel Institute of Philadelphia, and one
of the foremost educators in the United States.
The studies selected are sufficiently varied to please
the most diverse tastes and interests. For one class
of students the articles on the grent artists of the
world will be most gratifying, while .mother will fol
low with most attention those upon American states
men, or those which deal with domestic economy and
household science. Each series, however, will have
something at least of attraction for all. Boys can
profit much by following the articles designed as desk
studies for girls, while many a girl who may have to
seek employment will find it to her advantage to study
carefully the instruction to be given in the shop and
trade studies prepared for boys.
The papers are, in fact, for the whole family. They
will be profusely illustrated and will supply pleasant
reading even to those who do not wish to take them
up as serious studies. To all persons engaged in
educational work they will be of exceptional value,
inasmuch as every article is to be the work of a man
or a woman who has had a large experience in educa
tion in one form or another.
THE YACHT RACES.
FIRST CHURCH FLAG
RAISED IN UNITED 'STATES
THE church flag unfurled by Bishop Coleman of the diocese of Delaware is
attracting much attention. It floats from a sixty-foot pole at the Bishop's
residence, Blshopstead, Fourteenth and Orange streets, and was designed
by the Bishop and two heraldry experts.
Its technical description is as follows: "Barry of thirteen gules and ar
gent on an inescutcheon argent of seven-thirteenths a cross patonce purpure."
This means that It has thirteen bars of red and white bunting alternately, with a
center field of white, seven bars wide, in which field is an Episcopal cross in pur
ple. The cross Is similar in design to the Bishop's pectoral cross. Purple Is tho
Episcopal color. The flag is nine feet six Inches square, the square form being
the more ancient and the more heraldic.
Not only is It the only church flag in the United States, but !t Is also, so far
as known, the only distinctive church flag in the world. The English Church flies
a flag, it Is true, but that is the Union Jack. Bishop Coleman will fly his flag on
every church day, which will make an average of about once a week.
PRESS COMMENTS
Rewards of Mrs. Hearst's Enterprise.
Oakland Tribune.
California is getting a lot of the finest
kind of advertising as a result of Mrs.
Hearst's enterprise in bringing about the
architectural competition for the univer
sity plans. Hero is a sample from the
Chicago Inter-Ocean: "It is plain that in
the future California will have something
to boast of. If we- hope to keep pace
with our sister State of the Pacific Slope
we must expedite the subway and
stadium schemes."
Success of the State Fair.
Ijlvermorp Herald.
The State Fair was brought to a close
last Saturday night after the most suc
cessful season In a decade. The State
Agricultural Society will be enabled to
reduce the heavy debt under which it has
been staggering for years by at least half
and the way has t>een paved for equally
successful fairs in the future. All kinds
of causes have been assigned for this un
precedented 6uccc-ss. The Citizens' Fair
Association, a body of representative
Sacramento business men, contributed a
great deal to the success. An active and
able board of directors with a broad
policy was likewise a strong factor. The
press also contributed its good offices.
But back of all these Influences was the
directing hand of the new secretary of the
society, P<uer J. Shields. Mr. Shields,
while retiring in disposition, has rare ex
ecutive ability and being In thorough
touch with all the interests represented at
the fair was able to direct all the depart
ments to the successful issue mentioned
above. Under his capable administration
the State Agricultural Society should
wax stronger and stronger until its in
fluence upon tbe agricultural and racing
interests of the State is as potent ns if It
was a quarter of a century ago when it
was a lusty infant and a power for good
in California.
Does He Risk His HonorP
BakprsfleM railfnrnlan.
Hon. Frank H. Short of Fresno, stanrh
: Republican, astute politician and spe'.l
-j binder of no mean order, is against ex
! pansion. He lately published an able
paper on the subject, and Is again in print
In a forceful article In The Call arraigning
, the policy of the administration with ref
: erence to the Philippines. Among other
things Mr. Short says:
"It is historically true that probably no
country or despotic ruler thereof ever* un
dertook to extend his jurisdiction over an
■ other country or people without asserting
i some claim of right and an additional de
sire to benefit not only his own country
I but the country and people subjected.
; Alexander is reputed to have rather terse
• ly put it. 'If I have destroyed cities and
: countries. I have founded greater.' The.
: Caesars destroyed civil liberty in Rome as
it had previously existed, and thought
: they had more than recompens d
the Roman people by giving them an Im
perlal army and Imperial power and the
imperial city of marble, substituted fur
■ the old Roman town of wood. But in the
, light of subsequent history the change is
1 not reputed to have been to the advan
tage of the Roman people."
If the Fresnan Is not careful he will find
; a wide chasm between himself and the
grand old party. Mr. Short, by reason of
fitness, ability and location, Is the logical
; Congressional candidate of his party In
I the Seventh District, and he should not
throw away his chance of Congressional
I honors by refusing to follow his party
unless, Indeed, as is more than likely, he
' -would rather be right than to win at the
: game of politics.
Clip the Express Companies' Claws.
Chicago Journal.
"When Congress levied an internal rev
enue tax on parcels carried by express the
r-xprrss companies made the people pay
it. They "shifted the tax." They didn't
care where the burden fell, just so it
didn't fall on them. Now they are grum
bling nt the Government for instituting
an international parcels post with Ger
many for parcels up to eleven pounds in
weight. They want to carry thoae pack
ages themselves at their own prices and
compel the sender to pay for the revenue
stamp on the receipt besides.
There is no cure for this kind of greed.
There if" no way to make these corpora
tifuis either generous or patriotic or fair.
The rvnly thing to be done with them Is to
adopt measures that will protect the peo
].;. from their rapacity, and one way to
5o that is for the Government gradually
to extend the activity of the Postal De"
partm^nt until It covers part or all of the
express business.
In quarreling with the German parcels
post treaty the express companies have
drawn attention anew to our own back
ward position in the matter of a parcels
post. No parcels weighing more than four
pounds can now be sent through the mails
between points in this country. Yet if it
is practicable to carry a four-pound par
cel it is perfectly practicable to carry a
larger one, and it ia as practicable to
carry an eleven-pound package between
American points as between an American
and a German point. The eleven-pound
limit would embrace the great bulk of the
Christmas and New Year express busi
ness, and the express charges at that time
of the year are no inconsiderable item of
the holiday shopping expenses.
The people ought to be able to emanci
pate themselves from the tyranny of the
express monopoly, and they can do it if
they will demand of their representatives
when Congress meets, that the benefits*'
the Government gives foreigners through
the international parcels post be extended
to Americans as well. There is no sense
In denying to ourselves what we have
given to others, and there is just ns little
sense in allowing the greedy express com
nanies to monopolize the parcels-carrying <
business as there would be in allowing
them to monopolize the carrying of let
turn.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GRAMMATICAL— E. F. M. t City. The:
correspondent asks: "Is it grammatical to
say, 'You and I will gro to the theater,' or
'You and me will go to the theater'?"
"You and I" is grammatical; "You and
me" is not.
TWO CITY HALL DOMES-The dome
of the City Hall in San Francisco, includ
ing the wingless angel, is 'iSo feet. The
dome of the City Hall in Philadelphia,
including the height of the statue of Wil
liam Perm, is 537 feet 4% inches.
CHICKENS— I. L. 8., Auburn. Cal. This
department cannot print the names of any
firms that deal in fancy chickens and
eggs. If you had signed your name In
stead of your Initials the information
asked for would have been sent to you by
mail.
DREYFTS' JUDGES-W. 8., City. The |
list of the Dreyfus Judges as published ;
In The Call was correct. The fact that
the yellow journal published a list that
varies from that of The Call is no proof
of Its correctness. Whenever you see
anything in The Call you may rest as
mired of its correctness.
BUNCOMBE— E., City. The origrin of
"buncombe," as applied to effusive rhe
toric irrelevant to the business at hand. I
has been traced to a member of Congress *
from Buncombe Count y. N. C, who, many
years ago, when taoced with the irrele
vancy of his speech, replied, "I am not
speaking for you, but for Buncombe."
"STARVING TIME"— E.. City. In 1609,
after the departure of Captain John
Smith for England, the settlers of James
town, Va., were, during many months,
reduced to the last extremities, being
obliged to eat rats, snakes, toads and the
like to save themselves from starvation.
That was known as "the starving time."
A PRETTY NAME— Mystic M., City, j
What would be "an odd and pretty name ]
for a boy" is a matter of individual taste.
In the back part of Webster's Dictionary .
you will find a jrreat number of Christian
names suitable for a boy. You will there
find some that are "odd" and some that
are "pretty." If you cannot find one
there to your liking make up one.
THE MEDALS— W. A. G., City. If you !
unlisted in the State of California for the
Spanish-American war, whether in the
volunteer or regular service, and were not !
dishonorably discharged, you are entitled
to a medal from the Grand Parlor com- i
mittee of the Native Sons of the Golden
West. File your claim at the office of
the grand secretary, N. S. G. W., 414 Ma
son street.
THE FLAG IN 1900— O. S.. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles County, Cal. This
department has not been able to find In
the records that "Senator John Sherman
introduced a law for the placing of the
stars in the blue field on the American
flag, to take effect in 1900." The placing
of the stars w.is iixnd upon the admission
of the State of Utah in 1894 in alternate
rows of eight and seven.
WOMEN AS CLERKS— M. E. 8., Col
ma, Cal. Women who are employed as
clerks or saleswomen in dry goods or
cloak stores in San Francisco are paid
from $6 to JS a weeK. Generally tlv hours
are from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m. The wages of
skilled sewers and dressmakers depend
upon the class of work upon which they
are engaged, dressmakers who go out
by the aay charge from $1 DO up.
SOUP— E. F. M.. City. "Do you eat
soup or do you drink it? " asks this corre
spondent. That is one of the mooted
questions. Writers on etiquette hold
one eats soup, for they all agree thai
should "n^ver eat soup out of the end of :
the spoon, but always from the Bidfl "
Now, consomme is a soup. If that is
served in an ordinary soup plate and par
taken of a spoonful at a time, that would
be considered eating soup, but if the same
consomme was served in cups, the one
taking it the same as coffee or tea would
be looked upon as drinking soup. There :
are a number Of soups, such as family
julienne, bouillabaisse .which no one could
drink, but would have to eat; conse- ;
quently whether one eats soup or drinks
soup depends upon the character of the ;
soup and the manner in which it is served.
ADMIRAL— S. 8., City. The grade of
admiral in the United States navy (as j
distinguished from vice admiral and rear
admiral) was first established by act of i
congress on July 25, 1866, and under that I
act ihrue admirals have been created, i
The first of these was David Glasgow
KarraßUt. for whom the grade of vice
admiral was specially created in 1<64 in'
recognition of hit- cervices during the war
oi' the rebellion. To further honor him :
Congress in 1566 created the rank of ad- !
miral. The country also recognizing the >
valuable services rendered by David i
Dixon Porter. In 1566 promoted him vice
admiral, vice Farragut. promoted admiral,
and upon the death of Farragut he was
promoted admiral. The rank became ex
tinct February IS, IS9I. upon the death of
Porter. It was not revived until recently,
when Congress, recognizing the great
service of George Dewey, created him
admiral.
PROVING A HOMESTEAD-Home
steader, Coulterville. Cal. In mak
ing final proof under the laws of j
the United States the homestead
party may appear in person at
the district land office and there make
affidavit and proof required in support of ;
his claim; or he may appear with his
witnesses before the Judge of a court of
record of the county or State, or district
and Territory, in which the land ia situ
ated, and there make the final proof re- i
quired. which proof, duly authenti
cated by the court Peal, is required to i
be transmitted by the Judge or j
the clerk of the court to the
register and receiver, together with the
fees and charges all wed bj law, fhe
claimant must sign a final affidavit show
ing the dat( of settlement, also that ho
has resided on the land according to law.
The witness has to answer
in support of that affidavit, and then the
claimant must sign his testlmj
aminatlon at the time ho makes his af
fidavit A man may settle on
land for the purpose of making it a home
stead under the taws of the I nited
States, and he may be the owner of other.
lands at the time of proving up— that Is,
provided the other land is such as 
purchased. For instance, a man
settle on land in Humboldt County ai
the same time be the owner of real es
tate in San Francisco.
ACQUIRED "TERRITORY - Politic.
City After the adoption of the F<
constitution by the original th i
States the United States acquired
territory as follows: April 30, 1803.
the United States acquired by pur
chase from France all of Louis
iana for $11.2.-0.000. in which territory was
included all th.at is now known as LoiU>
iana. Arkansas, Missouri, lowa, Ne
braska, Dakota. Montana, Minnesota
west of the Mississippi, most of X
and large parts of Colorado and A\ yi>m
lng; February 22. 1819, Spam ceded to the
United States Florida, which the I nited
Slates claim-! aa part of tne Louisiana
purchase; December 29. 1845, Texas be
came part ol the Union as a result or
war with Mexico: in 1848, by treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, the United States
paying to Mexico $15,000,000 and assuming
debts amounting to $3,250,000, the I nited
States acquired what is now known as
Utah, Nevada and larsre portions of Ari
zona. Colorado and New Mexico, also
T'pper California, which is now the State
of California. These regions were con
quered duri g th« Mexican war ana W
the treaty , f 1848 pass< d to the I mted
States. On December 30, 1863, the I nited
States, by the Gadsden treaty, rame into
possession of 'hose portions of Arizona
and New Mexico south of the Gila River
Cost $10,000,000. March 30. ISR7. the L nited
States acquired Alaska by purchase from
Russia for 17.200,000. In July. IS9B. the
Hawaiian Islands were annexed: then
followed the conqu.-st of Cuba and the
Philippines.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Fred Conn, the Big Pine borax king, is
registered at the Russ.
John Willhart. a prominent mine-owner
of Montana, is a guest at the Russ.
A. H. Hart, a wealthy silk manufac
turer' of New Tork, is a guest at the
Grand.
Hans Kenma. a traveler from Germany,
is among the arrivals of last night at th»
Palace.
Drury Melone has come down from
his home at Oak Knoll and is staying at
the Palace.
Supreme Court Justice McKenna will
leave to-night on the overland for Wash
ington, D. C.
George F. Cummin, a well-known flour
man of Tacoma, is among the recent ar
rivals at the Lick.
Paris Commissioner E. W. Runyon came
down from Red Bluff yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace.
John Fennell. the milHonaire rancher, of
Tehama County, is among the arrivals of
yesterday at the Palace.
John C. Dornin, a leading business man
of Tacoma, is registered at the Occidental
on a flying business trip to this city.
Miss May Genevieve Moroney, the gifted
local pianiste, has returned from tne
East, where she was visiting relatives.
"W. G. Hughes, a prominent Los Angeles
capitalist, is a guest at the Occidental,
where he will be found for the next few
days.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Vice, two prom
inent society people of Sacramento, are
registered at the Lick, where they ar
rived last evening.
At the California there is registered a
large party of Raymond excum
•who come from Massachusetts, Connecti
cut and Pennsylvania.
J. W. Ashland, an extensive fruit
grower of San Jose, is at the Russ with
his wife. They have come up to the city
on a short pleasure trip.
James Walters, prominently connected
with the Spreckels sugar refinery at
Watsonvllle, arrived in the city yester
day. He is staying at the Grand.
S. H. Spooner, a special United States
Attorney, is a guest at the Occidental,
where he will remain during the short
stay he purposes making in this city.
Richard Wilde, formerly contracting
freight agent of the Great W< stern Rail
road, has left that company to assume a
like position with the Canadian Pacific.
George H. Higbee, general manager of
the Empire Transportation Line, is ex
pected to arrive in the city on Thursday
next. He will probably go to the Palace.
B. E. Hand, assistant general freight
agent of the Michigan Central at Chicago,
has resigned his connection with that
road. He will be succeeded by W. M
millian, who was general Eastern freight
agent at Buffalo.
J. C. Donald, attached to the Associated
Press service in this city, and formerly a
member of The Call's local staff, is leav
ing for Vancouver. B. i\, where he pro
poses residing permanently. While Btlll
remaining connected with the Associated
Press, Mr. Donald expects to engage in
commerce in the northern city.
Bob Davis, formerly of The Call's local
staff In this city and who is now occupy
ing the position of assistant Sunday
editor on one of the New York papers,
was married to Mi.-* .M;c;l:.- Anderson of
Chicago or. - The ceremony
was performed in New York, after which
the couple departed on a wedding tour
through the rural districts of New Jer
sey, where Davis spent his boyhood days.
Mr. Davis is well known In Nevada,
where he formerly contributed to the
Carson Appeal.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Henry T. Oxnard
of Oxnard, CaL, is at the Fifth Avenue.
Louis D. Forsythe of San Francisco is at
the St. Denis. George S. Bothwell of Loa
Angeles is at the Bartholdl.
Rebels?
We like to henr the expansionist
speak of Aguinaldo and his men as reb
els.
What are they rebelling against?
What is a rebel?
Were the Greeks at Marathon rebels?
\\>:< the Russians rebels when the re
sisted Napoli on?
If the united States should sell Long
Island to Germany, and the -
now residing on that Island should resist
would they i
If so. then are the Filipinos rebels?
Otherwise Of not.
Cal. glace fruit 50c p< r tb at Townsend'a. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
] J ress Clipping Bureau (AUi Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main iQ4-> •
Frenna Again in Court
Joseph P. Frenna will be placed on trial
before Judpe Carroll Cook for the murder
of James F. Turner on Tuesday, October
24. Defendant* counsel and the Distric
Attorney were in court when Frema's
case was called and although further time
was asked the court set the date named/
Northern Pacific Bailwav
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to = t
Paul every Tuesday n! K ht. No change Thi;
car is nicely upholstered in leather and" i, „
tremely comfortable in every respect Pu'l
Cheap Rates.
September 29 to October 5 inclusive the San
ta Fe Route will Bell tickets to Chicago at very
low rates. Occasion. corner-stone lav"-
Government building an ,3 fall festivities Gel
full particulars at ESS Market street
There are many imitations of Dr. Sl-rerfsNEW RACE TRACK
EMBROILED WITH
THE CARPENTERS
Too Much Wind for
the Workmen.
A NUMBER STRIKE WORK
PETTY DEVICES TO SECURE
LABOR AT CHEAP RATES.
Though Good Jobs Are Plentiful
Zlse-where, the Management
Tries to Hoodwink Its
Employes.
"Too mi:ch wind thpre." !s the verdict.
There wore all the elements of a strike
at the alleged new racetrack in South
San Francisco yesterday. The men em
pioyed on the new buildings up to Sun
day received $3 per day and were satis
factory but not sufficient in number. On
Sunday and Monday tho racetrack man
agement advertised for more men, as fol
lows:
V ANTsl>— Carpenters at the new racetrack.
South r*an Franclsoo; taUe Southern Pacific
• cars to .-a:. Bruno or electric can to Bade-n;
.wages J3 &0 per day.
A number of men went down to th.> .
new track, determined to endure the ey-
Clones' known to ba perennial there for '■
the sake of the wages offered. They were |
informed that $3 was the utmost that i
eouid.be paid under the circumstances and ,
some of them went to work. The old
Tore* of about twenty-flvo to thirty men !
were paid oft, and so th- matter rests.
• It seems that two champions of the j
old foree — "W. Harman and George Chisel ;
—the former a member of Carpenters' j
Union No. 22. when they saw the adver- .
tisement for more hands In the papers. !
asked Superintendent Allen for equal i
wages— i. c.. i. : . 50 (as advertised) in place!
of the $3 they receive The demand was !
repulsed, but afterward Allen secretly of- i
fered Harman and Chisel the raise asked !
on condition that they remained with the
Job. They indignantly refused the offer J
■unless their fellow workmen were ad- !
mitted to the same justice. As the total !
number of men, together with those re- !
cently obtained, would be In excess of the j
number which the funds of the manage- I
ment could employ, the men were paid j
off as stated.
As a matter of fact, the men who quit
are not. sorry to go. The tales they tell
cf the region of the new track are heart
rending.
They say that the accommodations for
men at the new racetrack are not tit for
the decent workineman. They tell of
hands being housed from six to twelve
d"Op in one single room; of th* close cor
poration or combination between the
management of the work and the hotel
keeper whereby the hot^l-keeper is on
hand on pay night the pay office to
prab every cent his books shew against
the unfortunate carpenter. They tell of
the ease with which "checks" for drinks,
tobacco., etc.. may be obtained at the ho
tel, only to be deducted from the payroll,
and of. other inconveniences ana sharp
practices perpetrated on the men so fool
iiardy as to brave the new racetrack
"work.
'.For' there is a. perpetual cyclone there
they =ay. • Th« men who have labored on
the new buildings are assured that the
public will never stand what the track
itself cannot stay with. For some time
th»- rnanagrment has been attempting to
•'put. down loam on the track, but the
wind will not lot !t stay, and the steam
Toller is said to have given up the job
of crushing the loam down, regarding the
project as a hollow mockery.
The wind blows, and blows, and blows.
The track is bound to be a slow one if
it ever becomes a track, and the people
who go to the r;ices do not as a rule care
to ' sfii In a windstorm forever. If the
workmen who are pnid to be there do
rot r<4i?h tha scene what will bo thought
of it by those why may b*> asked to pa
troniio the new track for motives (pure
sport -and pleasure?
A BIG DEAL COMPLETED.
The Hellman Syndicate Makes Final
Payment on Its Valley Bond
Bonds.
Yesterday the Hellman syndicate made
Its final payment on bonds of the Valley
road valued at $^.000.(^'O. The condition
cf the sale was that thf> payment for the
•bond? should be made in monthly install
ments as the progress of construction
went alonsr. The payments have been
made with a regularity equaled only by
the steady progress of the- road, and now
that the completion of the now line Js an
■assured fact the last dollar has been paid
over.
Conc"-rninE: the progress of work alone
the line Chief Engineer Storey said yes
tf-rcny rhat everything was going along
rapidly cr.il !n the most satisfactory man- !
ncr possible. The road out of Antiooh was
growing day by day, and the work on the I
tire tunnels, the three great bridges and
the other en.ls of the r-nterprise was be
ing pushed along as quickly as poaslbl*. j
••But." ?aid Mr. Ftcrey, "while the work I
Is going along very quickly it cannot move j
with <?reat jun:ps tn a matter of auch !
magnitude as the construction of a big i
railroad."
Bid Her Good-By.
Mr 3. Lizzie J. Wheelock, past grand
protector of the order of Knights and
'Ladles of Honor and supreme representa
tive from California ;o the Supreme
Lodge that is to meet next week fn In
dianapolis, Ind., will leave next Thursday
for that city to attend the session. Last
evening Grand Protector Z. T. Whitten
Grand Secretary Quitzow and a large
number of members from the local lodges
railed at Mrs. Wheelock's room? at 1140
Market street to bid her good-by, a • leas
ant Journey and a safe return. An hour
was very pleasantly spent in talk en the
order and a number of suggestions were
effered.
Raleigh. X. C, has the largest pair or
Bta4 - wh<
•;k and top is
tion.
INVESTMENT OIL CO.
p— — ■ ■ — f
o I Solo.
Co'aungq Oil Co . ,— » — •- iiiwiiiihwmwJ
77/ C /NveSTfif/TATO/t C<\
'. .JT; * • • | ♦ A? Q -***?# I
./i *•• • I m Ho»?e O/t. \Co " """ 1
60 B £tcUy fSO 36,* I** €i*y
700 Bt^ • • s#oo 36* P** <***
— -^Sl/iV^ /? . 9 >
>Vtf"»v yo/f*( *" ~T " x* ** '•
O^t. CO m \,S£Lfi r 4 O<l CO . t/?ltfOfV/.f 1
O'L CO £*&£/?£ **7- O'LCO
]C#-/fQAW/4 *•
UNPRECEDENTED OPPORTUNITY TO BUY
.uT, , fc sm^ K wn;-c toclt at 93.00 in the center of the Bl* Coallnga developed district,
f?ur£ S , Ai : iOX - f LZ e 'i . t 1 32 » which is now producing about 4MO barrels daily. Home
Oil Company, stoctt worth J.,000 shara and none for sale, pays J2OO per month dividend. No
.a^.r.ff risk to prospoct as map shows cnly srot to bore and get a big well. Then your
stock -will be as valuable as Home Oil Company. Ample means set apart for developing.
&"io^ A S^ Qtjaewsr^
JOE D. BSDDLE, Gen'l. Agt., 20 Montgomery Street.
Notify us if you wish some one to call on you- ■;:-■•--•
RAILROAD PUTS
NEW BURDENS
ON MERCHANTS
First Step Taken in
Their Pillage.
FREIGHT RATES TO BE RAISED
TWENTY - TWO COMMODITIES
WTLL BE AFFECTED.
♦
Serious Increase in Tariff to Be Im
mediately Imposed on Goods
Eastbound From This
City.
Having got the merchants of the State
wedged in the Jam'i the Southern Pacific
Company Is about to close the door and
• Ec them to the last cent that can be
I : . them.
The story of thi> railroad's duplicity in
: ,< rate con
:; The
now nil that remains to be done
is to inform the public that Thursday
next has been decided upon as the proper
time to commence the sweating process.
On that date the rates on about twenty
two commodities that are now taxed from
45 to 60 cents per 100 pounds will be raised
to 75 cents from all points in California
to Houston ;.•••■■.'•• New
fork, Boston, and, tn fact, •■• every point
where our producers can possibly rtnd a
market.
Those goods affected by this tlrst raise
: ::jj. Antimony and anti
mony ore, asphaltum and bituminous
rock. b»ans, canalgre chips. c
cement, giu^-, hay, hemp. Infusorial earth,
lumber, ore, manganese ore chrome,
rags, borax n, rubber junn,
ranned goods, Junk, saponified red oil,
hair, tttli ■ 'alifornia wtne.
This list, ex:
merely the for- : her and ex
tensive raises. With the shipping tied up
«ls It now is by dm. .
ment, it i? lm; - I r the merchants
to do anything else but to subi
good grn<** at- possible to an extortion
which they can do nothing to prevent.
BROAD GAUGE BUSINESS MEN.
I An Association That Is Not Afraid
to Demand Its Rights.
At a meeting of the Mission Business
i Men's Association last night there was
i but very little time lost in preliminaries, j
i In the absence of the president. V4ce-Pres- !
. idem Eugene McCoy occupied the chair, j
' and Secretary E. S. Harrison read the call j
! which had been issued to the directors for |
\ the meeting after which it was stated j
i that it was about time for the Mission ;
; people to make a concerted movement to '
! secure for themselves a portion of the !
! public funds for Improvements. To ac- |
! complish this end the following resclu- \
j tior.s were read by the secretary and
| adopted without a dissenting voice:
Whereas— An issue of bonds is contem- j
plated for the pun of beautifying th»
city by extenilng the Park Panhandle to
Van Ness avenue and Market street, and
Wnerea?— This Improvement -Rill be whol
ly for the btr.eflt cf the Western Addition, |
a;:J
Whereas— Mission has been and '.9 a
neglected district of San Francisco, devoid
cf parks and boulevards and with but few
smoothly paved streets: therefore, be it
Resolved— th« Mission Business Men's
Association that a demand be made upon
the Board of Supervisors by the people of
the Mission that a. commission be appointed
to appraise the Jewish Cemetery lots and
that such other Bteps.be taken as to insure
that a provision for this purchase will be
incorporated in the contemplated bonl .-
-; • cue. -We. demand, also, that Dolores ... I
be converted Into a boulevard connecting !
the proposed park at the Jewish Cemetery
lots with the proposed Park Panhandle,
thereby establishing a connection between
Golden Gate Park and the proposed Mission
park. We have petitioned In the past for
Mission Improvement: we have entreated
and been refused. We will no longer
amicably request that these things be done
which should have been done without the
asking, but demand them and give public
notice and warnin* that all efforts to im
prove and beautify the city without giving |
the Mission Just recognition and Its share
of money for public Improvements will be
thwarted by our people. Our , regressive
people favor the Park Panhandle extension,
but It will not get their support unless ade
quate provision for the district in which are
their homes ar.d their property la made.
Be it further
Resolved— That this association demands
the repavement of Valencia, Mission and
Sixteenth streets from Guerrero to Folaora.
We want to see the business streets of the
city put ir. the best possible shape. We
do "not want to see our city like Chicago — '
with the finest boulevards and vilest streets
of any city In the United States We be
lieve that smooth, well-paved streets have i
a commercial value far in excess of the !
cost of construction, and think that a. plan j
to beautify the city without improving the i
condition of the principal business streets i
would be like ' Hamlet" without th«» Prince
of Denmark. Therefore we earnestly urge, in
view of the uncertain quantity that a dol- I
lar-limit tax levy will provide for -ma
nent street Improvement, that provision be
made in the contemplated bond Issue for
the improvement of the principal business
streets of the city. Including those desig- j
nated in these resolutions.
A committee on conversion of the Jewish :
Cemetery lots into a park .and making:
Dolores street a boulevard to connect with j
Golden Gate Park Panhandle was appoint- :
ed by the chair. It consists of the follow
ing well-known progressive minded Mis
sion residents: Judge F. "W. Van Reyne- j
gom (chairman). Daniel Kelly, A. R. Gun
nison, George Walcom, D. A. Hulse. i
Louis J. Goldman, B. S. Harrison, Eugene
McCoy, John A. Helms and F. G. Xor
mann."
TTie Purest Beer
■ Is the kind you want for use in your home.
' Tho Anhcu?er-Bu?ch Brewing Asa'n make their
j various brands of beer of barley-malt ar.d
I hops— strictly pure beer, no corn or adultera-
I tlon.
Gamblers Raided.
The Chinatown squad raided the gam
bling club at 80? Washinjftr.a street last
night and caugrht twenty-five players
'he evidence.
THE SA>* FBAIN" CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3. 1899.
WANTED TO DIE IF SHE
HAD TO LEAVE HER BABY
■ ' I Mir. tnoiignt or Deing separated
BBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBV I from her baby, coupled with the c*
BBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBVBV I fact that she had quarreled with V
I her husband, made Mrs. LJUIe '»•
I Williams, a vaudeville artist, dcs- ♦
H ;>"ra:>-\ and In a moment of uncontrot- **
Btiblf; grief she seized a via! contain- ♦
Hii.g carbolic acid and drained it of its «*
I r-oiit'-p.i -. Fortunately for the Woman, ,*
Httu- bottle contained but little acid and *'
I !•>■>•■ nd a burned mouth and chin Mrs. -*
I V.'Klian;-* la none the worse for her * J
UrirJt, Z,
* m Mrs. Williams and her husband arrived a few weeks ago from Victoria, a
*£ preparatory to going to Alaska. where they were to fill an engagement to do c«
£• a song and dance act. Tickets for the northern trip were purchased and it ♦
% fa» arranged that the couple sail to-day. Mrs. Williams did not look with favor £•
i? on the northern trip as it meant enforced ■•■ ration from her baby boy, who ♦
£ has a home with his maternal grandma in West Berkeley. •!
• J Yesterday the sorrowing mother went to ki.-s her boy grood-by. On her £
*. return to her rooms at 410 Kearny street, she and her husband had some **
\ words. Williams had been using some carbolic acid to cauterize an injured «
c« finger and after the quarrel put down the flask and left the room. ♦'
4 Mr?. Williams seized the deadly bottle and followed him into the street. •*
SS When she reached the sidewalk she drained the bottle of Its contents and fell ♦
» howling with pain at her husband's feet. •?
8? At the Receiving Hospital, where the actress wa3 treated, she told the mat- <-*
♦ r ■•• her sorrowful story, Once out of danger, however, she refused to make V
** any statement. She denied all knowledge of the fact that she or her husband i»
♦ were players; said there was no question of a trip to Alaska, and even de- 4
•* clared she had no baby. gg
♦ "It Is nil a mistake." is the statement she gave out for publication. "I ♦
•- did not know what the bottle contained. 1 had a pain in my stomach and i!
*. thought I was drinking medicine. My husband and I have never quarreled. ♦
*-' If -is an actor I don't know it. He did belong to an Eastern dramatic •?
*» company. We were not going to Alaska and I have no baby.' <_»
\ While Mrs. Williams was maklngher denials, Williams was down at the V
eg transportation office having the tickets for the Alaskan trip extended. .•
♦ ♦'
WATCH THE CALL BULLETINS
ON THE BIG YACHT RACE TO-DAY
Bulletins of the first of the international yacht races to-day are
to be sent to New York by wireless telegraphy by Signor Marcorsi,
the inventor of the wonderful system, thence flashed across the con
tinent by direct wire to the office of The C:il!. You will, therefore,
get the earliest reports of the race by watching the bulletins dis
played by The Call.
PORTUGUESE IN
ANNUAL SESSION
Convention Opens at
Santa Cruz.
■ itch to Tl ■■
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 2.— The thirteenth
annual Grand Council of the Portuguese
Vnion of California Is In session in this
city and Santa Cruz has been given over
to the Portuguese residents of the State
fcr a week. About 200 delegates arrived
j yesterday and more to-day. There are
| about 500 people here from the outside
j towns. The Grand Council was called '<■''>
! order at 10 o'clock this morning by Grand
President V. T. Braga of San - ndro.
The grand officers present were: Grand
President V. T. Braga, San L*>ar.dro;
Grand Vice President A. G. Pine. Benicia:
Grand Secretary L. J. Martin. San Lean
dro; Grand Treasurer J. G. Mat Jr.,
Centerville: Grand Master of Ceremonies
J. Bernardo. .'. ■• wards; Grand Marshal
A. S. Martins. San Francisco; Grand
Guard J. C. Valladay, West Oakland.
! Board of directors— A. Fonte, East Oak
! land; J. Pimental. Hay wards; A. F.
; Cunha, Mllpitas: F. J. Cuhha, Oakland;
1,1 »yes - inton. Grand Medical Ex
i amlner J. S. A. Cabsall. Center
Immediately after rollcall the council
adjourr.ed an*d the delegates, preceded by
the City band. Santa Cruz Council. U. P.
1-:. C. and the council from Watsonville.
marched to the Church of the Holy Cross,
where a solemn high mass was celebrated.
1 Father McNamee was celebrant, Father
Guverno deacon and Father Murphy sub
deacon. The sermon was preached in
Portuguese by Father Guverao of Center-
The music by the church choir was es
pecially good. Miss Kate O'Nell was or
ganist. •'Laui da Siron" was sung at
offertory. The solo, "Qultolia," was sung
by Mrs."j. Kerlin and the solo "EUns Car
> natus" by Miss Jennie Arrelanes.
At half-past 1 o'clock the convention
was again • ailed to order. The committee
■ on credentials reported first. Grand Pres
i ident V. T. Braga reported that he had
visited all the subordinate councils during
the year and had found them in a flourish
ing "condition. New councils were organ
ized at Bebastopol, Salinas and Sacra
i mento. There are forty councils in Call-
I fornia.
Grand Secretary L. J. Martin of San
i Leandro reported the acquisition of over
200 new members during the year and the
; present membership is 2937.
The grand treasurer reported the total
, general fund as %t6SS 39: disbursed, $3943 39;
balance, 1728. Special fund. $Co.i;is 42; dis
'■ bursed death and sick benefits. $43,524 52;
balance, $16,790 90. Reserve fund. $21,053 70;
disbursed, $1400; balance In reserve, fund,
$21,653 70. Total cash on hand, $39,070 60.
The hall where the sessions are being
held is decorated with banners and fes
j toons of bunting in red, white and purple,
! the colors of th« order. In front are the
i words, "Welcome. U. P. E. C." On the
i sides is the motto of the order, "Uniao,
Carldade, Protescao" (Union, Charity,
I Protection).
Ex-President A. F. Cuhna of Milpitas
was presented with an elegant gola pin
by Ex-President F. I. I^emis of Haywards.
The Portuguese Union, known as the
1 U. P. E. C, was organized the Ist day of
'•' August. ISSO, in accordance with the laws
i of this State. It is a charitable and bene
i ficiary organization, protecting its mem
bers and their families both fraternally
j and financially.
"White Is Recovering.
TX>S ANGELES. Oct. 2. — Senator
Stephen M. White, who arrived at his
home from San Francisco yesterday, Is
recovering rapidly from his sickness, but
will be confined to his home for some time
yet. lie stood the trip very well.
Mines Closed.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 2.— The T'tlca
n.lnf and mills have closed flown on ac
oount of scarcity of water and the In
stalling of electrical machinery.
Herman Oelrichs.
Every time he Is In San Francisco Herrr.ar
Oelrichs visits the Cafe Zlnkand. •
BROWN ACCUSED
OF DERRY'S MURDER
Evidence of a Damag
ing Nature.
: atch to The Call.
XOGALES, Ariz.. Oct. The officials
of Santa Cruz and Pima counties are forg
ing a chain of evidence about J. Clarence
Brown that will result in his examination
on the charge of murdering E. W. Derry
of San Francisco.
District Attorney Cooper of Pima Coun
ty has discovered that Brown and Derry
were together in Bisbee; that they left
there together early in Juno In a light
wagon drawn by two horses. They had
a tent, cooking stove and camp outfit.
Since then nothing has been seen of cither
Derry or the outfit, and no news of him
can be secured. His description has been
secured from Bad Francisco, and It tal
lies closely with the man found hanging
in the ilimslest sort of a manner to a limb
of a tree in the Pajarrtto Mountains.
Sheriff Wakeneld of Pima County is now
working on the case, and says be la posi
tive Derry has been murdered. Brown Is
now in jail in Tucson charged with forg-
Ing Derry's name. When arrested he had
a mass of deeds, mortgages and checks
belonging to Derry. In his baggage was
also found a vial of corrosive sub.'mate
tablets, one of which had been broken In
two and one of the parts was missing
Sheriff Wakefield believes Derry Wai poi
soned.
Brown wrote the Eank of California in
Derry'a n.inif- to forward • . book
V This town. The check book Is here, ad
dressed aa rf-qu^st-d. and a'so a letter
written by Brown from Crittenden, dated
September 6, requesting the postmaster to
forward mail to Tucson. Brown's record
nsactlons in Crittendon Is not yet
known. He refuse to give any history of
himself, and he is yet unidentified.
BIG DAY ON NEW YORK
COTTON EXCHANGE
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— Tt was a big day
on the Cotton Exoharge. The greatest ad
vance in price? was a matter of thirty
eight points, and from the start to the fin
i.=h the bull faction was in c nfrol. Fri
day's queer doings in the New Orleans
markot had led the trade here to look for
something in the way of a surprise when
the market opened, more particularly as
it had been rumored that Liverpool shorts'
wer» in full retreat and being closely fol
i iwed by jubilant bulls-. The Initial sales
J an advan<-? far exceeding the
hopes of th-? most optimistic holders, while
subsequently business revealed an inten
sity of bullish sentiment in outside circles
not even imagined by the market's beat
friends.
The stroke of the gavel started a wild
wave of speculative activity, which
showed little abatement up to the very
close. Opening prices were fifteen to
twenty-five po.nts above the closing of
Thursday, and the market closed firm :it
a net gain of thirty-one to thirty-four
points.
MAYOR PHELAN'S GIFT.
Presents a Valuable Library to Stan
ford University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. t— lt
was to-day announced from the presi
dent's office that the department of politi
cal science had received through the kind
ness of the Hon. James D. Phelan. Mayor
of San Francisco, a valuable library on
political science and administration. This
library consists of about 500 volumes, anl
embraces the most important publications
in English and foreign languages relating
to the government of cities and to mat
ters in general of government and finance
The gift Is an expression of Mayor Fij
ian's deep interest in the university and
the part it has played in the educational
and social development of the coast.
See "Keith's" millinery window. Phclan
building, for novelties in new colors.
REVOLUTIONISTS
ARE ORGANIZING
FOR KING HSU
Plot to Dethrone the
Empress of China.
LEADERS IN SAN FRANCISCO
EXCITEMENT IN CHINATOWN
OVER PLACARDS.
•
Kang Yu Wei, One of the Late Em
peror's Advisers, Endeavoring
to Replace Kwang Hsu
Upon the Throne.
Chinatown was feverish with excitement
yesterday over several portentous pla
cards which ha'! been ; isted coi
ly In prominent n that q tarter
by i . . .. ■ sts belonging to
the party of the deposed Emperor, Kwang
1 1 su. The proclamation is neatly printed
iti black ink in Chinese characters and
. ea a sh< * i ; papei v. feet long
by two (eet wide, containing several thou
sand words.
All day long crowds of silent Chinese
stood in front of the placards, and very
few went away without reading the entire
matter. They made no comments, nor d:>l
they speak to one another— a rare specta
cle in Chinatown. There si •■mcd to be a
heavy fear resting upon the readers lest
they might betray their approval of a
publication that bristled with treason
against the Dowager Empress of China.
The document Bigned by Kang \"u
We;, one of the lately deposed Emperor's
ronrtdentlal advisers and closest friends.
He :.- at present in the revolutionary
. iarters in Victoria. K. • '. When the
eror was dethroned by the Dowager
Empress Wei's four assijclatrs Were be
headed by her order, but he managed to
- in disguise from the empire.
Wei stuns out by tailing attention to
the present weak and deplorable condition
of i hina among the nations of the earth,
and ascribes her condition to the want of
progressive Ideas and of reforms that he
..r.d the Emperor were about to inaug
urate when the dethronement took place.
The Dowager Is of th< atlve class,
and deposed the Emperor because of his
reform Ideas. Wei i all? upon all bis
countrymen who have the love of their
nation and their race at heart to put
themselves, at once in communication with
him ..r his agents and to Join the revolu
tionary movement which he proposes to
inaugurate for the dethronement of the
iMwuscer Empress and the ri-sturatfon of
Kwang Hsu.
The nan.- - I ■•■ rolutionary agents
-inted in English and Chinese upon
the circulars, and a: ws:
Poo Chun Tongr, 615 Ke . street, Ban
Francisco; Wing Sang, Vancouver, B. C;
Sam Kee, Vancouver, I'-. C; Wing t'hnng,
Victoria. B. i.: Chu Chung, Victoria, B.
and Jfing Tai, New Westminster, B. C.
It Is reported that the resident Chinese
Consul is preparing a protest to thf Gov
err.rrient of Canada and to the t'nited
State? authorities against the toleration
of this "■ and revolutionary
movement In the two countries.
AGNES MUST GO HOME.
Mrs. Goldrick, Deserted by Her
Husband in New York, Will
Be Deported.
Agnes McGoldrick and her four-year
okl son arrived yesterday from New York
In the custody of an officer of the Immi
gration Bureau at that port by authority
of Commissioner Powderly, who has
ordered her deported to Australia by the
Maiiposa, which will sail to-morrow.
Mrs. McGoldrick came to this city from
Australia on the steamer Alameda In
March of this y.ear. She went to New
York and her husband deserted her there,
and she was taken in charge by the
Marine Hospital authorities, who pro
nounced her diseased and liable to become
a public charge.
Loyal's Social.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge gave a social to
its frk-nds in the Odd Fellows 1 building
:.lght. The hall was i rowded b>
- and tr'-nt'emfn who were enter*
tamed with a programme of music, song
and declamation? that were contributed
by Miss Kdirh I>ock»-r, Miss Anita I
Robert Martin. Miss Linnie, George C ald
well, Ge 'fs,e Bheeney, Miss Ten Eyck and
Miss Heymanson, late of the Royal Con
servatory of London. Dancing followed
and it was a merry gathering until mid
night.
Police Pension Board.
At tho quarterly meeting of the Police
Pension Commissioners yesterday Police
man Matthew Wilson, who has recently
been on station duty at Ocean View, was
retired on a pension. He had served
twenty years and six months and was
over GO years of age.
DECISION
IS GIVEN TO
McCLELLAND
Referee John J. Quinn De
clares Soldier Smith
Committed a Foul.
Esecial Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBT'RG. Oct. 2.— Jack McClelland
got the decision over Soldier Smith to
night in the sixth round of a fight
scheduled for twenty rounds. When Ref
eree John J. Qutnn made the announce
ment that he gave the tight to McClelland
on a foul. It was greeted by mingled
hisses and cheers by the 1500 spectators.
Some called it a fake, but Quinn said
Smith hit Mac while in a clinch. Smith
claimed that he had broken his wrist in
the second round and one uf his s—
eald the foul was made to finish the tight
ing. If Smith's wrist was really broken h*
did good work, for in the third round he.
floored Mci'ielland with hard punches on
the jaw. Tr> second time down Jack took
the full time limit before getting to his
feet. The contest was about nn even
thing up to the third round, which was
decidedly Smith's. In the fourth Mc-
Clelland had a shade the better of it arid
in the fifth he held his own. The fight
was stopped after th»? sixth round had
commenced. The result every way was
a disappointment to the crowd.
I f~\ RUPTURJE^GURED. \
•♦C / I f j^y |n| \v"h»n we eav "Rupture Cured" w» mean It, J
jr (/hi f w^r» ' or "'•a ** tbttt thousands of cure* have 5
X It ~m\ jM been accomplished by Dr. Plerce's World- *
X V • -*mTrfl| ♦*! Renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS daring the pas: >■
X ' & VSLW twenty-five years. There Is nothing else Met ) >
■* I y»<— rfQafl it on earth! It a °*« the work! Hare received »
"* <^r /iYv A.^A)^t -X *° many letters Uk - th * followlni that w« a
15 <^^A\X < ■ **B hardly know what to do with them all: J
I aJ^ : M-"*W>4Ssi^ CURED I.V 5 MONTHS! J
* '^l^^d :^>y^^^" IM2 Schiller Street. Alameda, CaL. }
:< ilMl^Bl DR. PIERCE! It la with t^riateT p>a S - *
i WWR^HIi SI! that lam ab! « t0 Inform you that the *
2 W^v\?«i^^si^»MPWi. l tf Truss which r obr?.ln»i from you taM March *
i VWW^>^V^j^^feß^L^vW* has effected a ra>lical car* In mr case. »
■* \^O^Ty\^ifTW *f Trusting this may be the mean? of convinc- )
"* N^Nvx^N^W'lllP'^ ln * cth * r sufferers that you hay? a per^.a- i .
"* ' vvSSKwiv^fi'W' cent cur I remain. Gratefully yours. 3
n. lUrrti rt.. -m h
* ■:■;...,-.■,' ■ " j ,
* (ETFor price list and full particulars call at the office or send 2c In stamps for our *■
i new "BOOKLET So. 1." Address: J
'I MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., J
jt 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal- *
ABANDONED BY
THE MAN SHE
FONDLY LOVED
Romantic Adventure
of a Girl.
LENA SPRAGUE'S MISTAKE
ENTICED FROM HER HOME IN
HEALDSBURG.
While Wandering Along the Water
Front She Was Found by the
Police and Restored to
Her Parents.
-r.a Sprague. the 14-year-old daughter ;
of John Sprague, a well-known resident of '
Healdsburg-, yesterday morning eloped j
with John Bechunni, a young man who
was formerly a resident of this city. As
j soon as the parents of the girl learned
that she had gone with Bechunni they lost '
no time in notifying Chief Lees to Inter
i cept the runaway couple. Yesterday after- j
noon Policeman Bailey saw a girl answer- ■
Ing the description of Miss Sprague wan
! dering aimlessly along Davis street, lie
approached her and inquired if she waa j
from Healdsburg. She at first denied her j
identity, but finally admitted that her J
; name was Miss Sprague and that she had j
left her home to elope with "thy man she
loved."
Bailey took her to police headquarters,
where she was closely questioned by Chief j
.Lees. She claimed that the met Bechunni j
a short time ago and fell "desperately in i
love' with him. lie promised to make j
her his wife, but fearing taut her parents j
would oppose their marriage she agreed !
to elope with him. After gathering her j
effects and placing them in a handsaichel, I I
which the anxious lover bad given her for !
the occasion, the misguided girl left her j
home and went to meet Bechunni who was ]
at the depot waiting for her. The fellow I
nod already purchased railroad tickets j
and together they boarded the train
bound ror thl.s city. They reached here
yesterday morning and went to a lodging
house somewhere on the water front.
Bechunni shortly afterward left his
promised bride on the pretext that he was
going to the City Hall to get a marriage
license. Miss Sprague waited several
hours and as Bechunni failed to return '
she became alarmed and went in search
of him. Just as she was about to give up '■
the quest she ran afoul of Officer Bailey, |
who finally recognized her from the de
scription sent to this city by her anxious ,
parents.
The girl had in her possession several
articles of female attire which she said
had been bought by Bechunni. While th*> '
police were questioning her to learn what !
had become of Bechunni the father of the ;
foolish girl visited the Central Police Sta
tion and excitedly inquired if any trace
had been found of his daughter. On catch- '
ing a glimpse o£ her he at first proceeded
to severely catechise her, but finally !
promised to forgive her If she would re
turn home. The girl readily agreed and
together they left the station.
Early this morning Bechunni was found
in the Commercial ■. tel. Officer Bailey
went to his room and forced an entrance.
As soon as the door was opened the Ital- I
ian placed his hand to his pocket and
attempted to draw a revolver. After a
struggle he was disarmed, handcuffed an I
taken to the Harbor oollee station. When
searched it was found that Bechunni had
in his possession a large, loaded revolver.
. nn i had It not been for the quick actfcn
of the officer in seizing him It is proba- j
ble that he would have used it. He was
charged with abduction.
GOLD FOUND ON
KOTZEBUE SOUND
TALLANT PABTY SAID TO HAVE
STRUCK IT RICH.
Took Out Twenty-Two Ounces of
Nuggets and Then Had to Re
turn to Cape Blossom for
Provisions.
After all the hard things that have been
said about the Kotzebue Sound country '
It is strange to hear a man speak well of j
It, more particularly a man who put in
nearly eighteen months up there. Gold
hunters who went there in the expecta
tion of finding nuggets in bushels came j
back saying that all the gold that could
be found was only "traces." Some of the !
prospectors died from scurvy, others per- I
ished In the snow and many succumbed \
to a disease called "black leg." No one i
who returned nad a good word to say for j
Kotzebue, and all were glad to get away :
from the countrj, save a few who went
further afleld and are said to have struck
It rich.
All who came away are going to stay
away save one. He is Captain li. A. Hig'- !
gins, and a threatened attack of "black
leg" drove him out. He says he is going
back in the spring by the first vessel that
sails. Captain Higgins is staying at the
Russ House. For six years he was
master of the yacht Gitana, and when the j
owner of the vessel laid her up and went '
traveling Captain Higgins followed his ex
ample and traveled to Kotzebue Sound.
When there seemed not the faintest
chance of striking pay dirt Captain Hig- !
gins went master of the river steamer
John Reilly that was running on the l
Kowak. "Last year the best we could do '
was to get about 300 miles up the river," :
said he yesterday. "The Kowak Is the I
hardest river in the world to navigate.
One day you will have six feet of water
in some places, and the next day th.-re
will not be as many Inches. The channel
changes about once an hour so you never
know what is going to happen.
"This year the river was on its good be
havior, so 1 managed to pet John D Tal
lant. the banker; Howard Palmer of
Oakland and ten others as fir up as the '
Kogoluktuk River. They had brought five i
small boats with them, and these they
took over to the Reed River. They went I
up the Reed River as far as Hot Springs,
and haif way between Hot Springs and
the headwaters of the Notoark River '
they struck i: rich. They got the nuggets '
under the tundra grass on the 15th of i
May last. They say they took out 22
ounces in a short time, but personally I '
only saw about 8 or 10 ounces.
"The party was not very well supplied
with provisions, so two of them were left
behind with nearly all the stores and the
others hurried back to the John Reilly. :'
I was waiting for them and hurried back !
to Cape Blossom, where Mr. Tallant pur
chased a year's supplies for his party and ;
they at once started up the river again, j
The men tried very hard to keep their
secret, but it leaked out and then the
crew of the steamer gave their friends a |
few pointers. As a result the Hayne
party of Santa Barbara and the J." B.
Brown party of San Francisco followed
the Tal'.ant party. At this time T should
say there are about seventy men on the
new diggings.
"The men who have come back from
Kotzebue Sound on the schooner t'harles
Hanson have told me to my face that they
didn't believe my story, but 1 saw the
gold and I know what I am talking about.
Th>- nuggets are a different color from
those found on the Yukon or at Cape
Nome. They have a greenish tinge, and
old miners say they come from an old
Sit and a large one. Black leg: scared
me away, but I'm going in again mxt
spring-. It is a disease something: like
Deri-Deri. The legs swell up and turn
black, the teeth loos«=n and fall out while
you lose flesh rapidly. I once had an at
tack of beri-bpri. and I didn't want to
have black leg if 1 could escape it by run
ning away "
<"aptain Hi?Kln= Is going East on Thurs
day, and will r-nurn here early next year
to take ship for Kotzebue.
The large=t-plass bottle plant in the
world is located at Alton, 111.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
—
MODJESKA.
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD
And a Company of Players.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
TO-NIGHT, also Thursday and Friday
Evenings,
MARY STUART.
Wednesday ar.d Saturday Evenings,
MACBETH.
Saturday Mat.— "Much Ado About Nothing."
g;i?g.G SUNDAY NIGHT,
OCTOBER S.
HOTEL EDDIE FOY, chief clerk.
THDQV Special rates for theater-
I Vf"O I goers. Furnishing the latest
TIIRVV an '^ & reatest musical comedy
From the Herald-Square Theater. New York.
Seats ready "'■ 'ay.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. ISL'"*"
,*f.v- TREMENDOUS
v*®E*^sv_ . ENTHUSIASM!
As£iSMiL^^&k UNEQUALED
Ij&vSilP^^iSFX success;
Ip^^-^p^ Ben Hendricks "
ff _ , \l 9 Presenting for the
JfcjCsj(*g"V v.' Balance of the Week
jfy '^ Si A Yenulne Yentleman.
eJ^^w^" \i "' Popular , Prices —
B i^? 7 Evening, 75c, 50c. 25c.
«ic^~*£ f Matinee. Saturday
iJJgr^-- V / and Sunday— soc, 23c.
-^Sfifew. * /X. SUNDAY NIGHT.
/®1 te?^7}> OCTOBER «.
V?\ m (HHfCSx/ / N Return of the Favor-
fe^^my PM NANCE te 6-NEIL!
"*^>* # (f^«jg| *-^ Supported by
HER LONDON
-" COMPANY.
HAWAIIAN QUEENS.
FOREST AND HlltC.
FELIX MORRIS A CO.
JENNIE YEAMANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN.
SEYMOUR AND DUPREE.
TEXRY AND LAMBERT.
STtNSON AND MORTON.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents: Balcony,' 10 cents;
Opera Chairs aril Box Seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN £32.
CROWDED AS USUAL.
A Brilliant an<l Unqualified Success. •
ALL THIS WEEK, -
Planquette's Charming Comic Opera,
RIP VAN WINKLE.
NEXT WEEK-"GIROFLE GIROFLA."
Usual Popular Prices. 10c. l"c. 23c, So and 50c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee,
IS cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium. '
ALCAZAR ™
A SUCCESSFUL. LAUGH-MAKER. •
ROLAND REED'S
Roaring Farce Comedy.
Innocent as a Lamb!
Fun From Rise to Fall cf Curtain.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c. 53c.
NEXT WEEK— THE PENMAN."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON!
THIS EVENING,
.. . AIDA . ..
WEDNESDAY EVENING,
CAVALLERI A . . and . . PAGLI ACCI.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,
. . . CARMEN . . .
Avedar.o.- Salassa. Wanrell, Schuster, Fonarl.
Lichter, Llnck, Beekwith, Etc.
...THE MIKADO...
Thursday, Sunday Evenings and Sat. Matinee.
Alf C. Wheetan, Tom Greene. Ada Walker,
Julie Cotte. Phil Branson, W. Schuster, Mis*
Dean, Miss Jewett, Etc.
POPULAR PRICES-23C and 50c.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 3.
—^— — — — — -~— — — — — — — "^— — —~ — ~~-~~
LAST 5 DAYS
• OF THE
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT
THE PAVILION.
TO-DAY— Souvenirs to ladles from 12 noon to
5 p. m.
TO-NlGHT— Great programme of Turners, in-
cluding vaulting, leaping, tumbling, dumbbell
drill, etc. •
Singing Societies— Great Time To-night!
Woodmen of the World.
TO-MORROW— Grocers' Alliance.
THURSDAY— Odd Fellows.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thur»-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shins.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp,
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. ar.ij
12:30. L 1:30. 2. 1:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting-
with trains stopping at the entrance to th.
track. Buy your ferry ticket* to Shell Mound.
Ail trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
mcda Mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to th. track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race, !
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
78
SEE THE CALL'S SPECIAL BULLETINS TO-DAY FOR THE EARLIEST REPORTS OF THE BIG YACHT RACE
SOCIETY MEN
TO PLAY POLO
IN THE PARK
Blues and Reds of Blingum
Arc Scheduled to Meet In
Exciting Combat.
"Drags." "traps," buggies and vehicles
of every description will be seen in Golden
Gate Park to-morrow afternoon, as the
brawny men from Blingum are going to
play polo. Society will grai •«.• the game
With its presence, and it is expected that
n few thousand who are not in the exclu
sive pool will also be there, as the game
. tn all comers.
The game will be played on the recrea
tion' grounds, and is to commence prompt
ly at 3:30 o'clock. This will not be the
first time the exciting game has been
played in the people's pleasure grounds.
Last year two teams from the exclusive
San Mateo club contested for supremacy,
and those who were fortunate enough to
witness the playing: were rewarded with
enough excitement to last them a month.
The men played with vim and frightened
many of the spectators by their daring
races after the wooden sphere. This will
be repeated to-morrow. The winners will
receive the plaudits and smiles of the fair
for their exertions, and later be dined by
the losing team.
Walter Hobart, who has entirely recov
ered from his late Illness, will be In the
eaddle and captain the reds. lie will
have Charley Dunphy, the well-known
gentleman rider, K. J. Carolan and
Thomas Driscoil to assist him. »
Richard M. Tobin will look after the
destinies of the blues. He will be aided
by such well-known exports as Peter Mar
tin, Edwin Tobin and C. A. Baldwin to
help land a victory.
There will be enough ponies on the
grounds to make half a hundred boys
happy if they possessed them. These wiry
beasts have been trained to the minute
add seem to take as much interest In the
game as the men who are piloting them
in and out of scrimmages. Then there
will be scores of esquires to lend aid to
the knights who will wield the polo sticks,
aria they in turn will be accompanied by
'ostlers. Ftableboys and other 'orsemen.
Captain Thompson of the Golden Gate
Park police squad will be on hand with
his .silver-mounted saddle and his famous
Jumping horse and help keep the crowd
from stampeding the polo ponies.
Blingum will be out in force. The resi
dents of that exclusive country residence
j-ection Will be transported to the grounds
in four-in-hands and other stylish turn
outs.
• The teams will leave the Palace Hotel
In four-in-hands, dressed for the fray.
Their Journey to the park will undoubt
edly attract attention, as the vehicles will
undoubtedly be decorated with appro
priate colors, and a lusty-lunged youth
will discourse on a coaching trumpet.
It Is .expected that '■•'"« people will wit
ness the contest, which promises to be
extremely Interesting. A silver cup will
be awarded the victors.
Reiff Wins Twice.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Charine, ridden by
J. Reiff, won tlie Nottingham hai
at the ili Ht day's racing of tne
Nottingham autumn meeting. Lexicon
I and Martha ll i third
[ng \v;is 'j. to l against
ury Nursery plate wi
by J. Reiff. The Shrift
\> ere se< ond and third, re-
Thirteen horses ran. The bet
b .". to 1 against Lu<
The Crystal Hot Sea Bath*.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. •
By Her Own Hand.
r's Jury decided yesterday that
ged 2 ■ - ■ une to
1 ■ r death from the effects of a criminal
tlon performed by Ivrsrlf.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday, October 2. 1899.— Eighth day
of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fina.
Track fast.
JACK WARD
RODE IN HIS
BEST HUMOR
Downed Alaria a Head With
Fortis — Four Choices First
at Oakland-
Undoubtedly the largest weekday
crowd of the season attended the races
at Oakland yesterday. The surprise hunt
ers were disappointed, for four well back
ed favorites finished m front. The best
contested race of the season was the bat
tle royal through the stretch between
Fortis and Alaria in the mile and a slx
:. event, the former winning by a
bead. Fortis was originally booked to
carry ninety-nine pounds, but a penalty
Incurred had been overlooked, and he
picked up 103 pounds. This necessitated
a Blight delay In the betting ring. With
but ninety-four pounds In the saddle Al
aria. made a winning bid for the long end
of the purse, but Mounce, her Jockey, who
b< i ms not to have yet learned the. short
way uruund the track, threw the race
away. He allowed Jack Ward on Fortis,
the favorite, to take all sorts of liberty
with him, and in a lons, hard drive was
led out a short head. It was the pret
tiest linish of the afternoon.
Sisquoc, the unruly son of Brutus, was
Installed a Blight favorite over Rixford
and Palapa for the opening scramble for
two-year-olds. He tried to run away with
Devln, and then after leading Into the
■ stretch was beaten with ease by Kixford.
! Hose of Hilo ran a close third.
There seemed to be no plausible reason
why Socialist, was not the best of the
seven starters In the Six-furlong sprint
that followed, and the St. Carlo horse
; was heavily played at short odds. Ruiz
; held him unaor restraint to the stretch,
; where he let out his wraps and outfooted
Manzanilla to the wire without effort.
Old lndra finished a close third.
Quite a delegation of the smart people
' had Sam Merriwether's Devereux as a
good thing in the second live-furlong .lash
for two-year-olds. The coin was laid
down in chunks on him in the ring-, and
. Ward spoiled It all. While trying to
squeeze through a knothole on the back
stretch the lightweight rider was cut off
! and hopelessly thrown out of the race.
1 Rachel C, the first choice, then disposed ;
comfortably of El Arte, a 25 to 1 out- :
i sider.
, J. Walsh again distinguished himself by I
j sitting still. In the mile selling run he
sat astride Cyril and made a "not foot"
for the wire. The ring at one time laid j
as good as 6 to l about the Ryan entry,
and in a hair-raising drive trie gelding !
I led Opponent, the favorite, out a head.
Dare 11 ran a surprisingly good race, hay
' ing his lieht snuffed out but a nose for
second place.
The concluding six-furlong spin -went
;to Midlove, the 1 to 2 choice. The fat
little filly made all the running, reaching j
the stand a length ahead of Bamboulia,
second choice in the betting. Mike Rice
! took the show from 1 Don't Know.
Track Notes.
J. W. Brooks received a letter from
Barney Schreiber yesterday, in which the
St. Louis bookmaker says he will be in
California this season with the greatest
stable he ever owned, headed by Ban
nockburn and ,Fly-by-Night. One tar
load will leave New York for the coast
next Sunday.
I Charley Thorpe rode two winners, and
I the "oici* gentleman" seems In form now
• to hold his own with the best of them.
John Humphreys has secured the bet
ting privileges at Fresno, where sixteen
purses w'H be hung up for the runners.
.Free transportation will be afforded all
horsemen who wish to race there.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds -and
up; rurst 1 .
..Rainier 112; 91 Billy A 112
i»7 Semper Le0n....! i .. Faversham IPS
.. Kootenai 112 100 Jack McCabe...ll2
?5 Som'.B 112 1 .. Humidity 112
97 Correct 112|
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1599.
LEARN THE NAMES OF THESE YACHT SAILS
Then You'll Understand the Description of To-Day's Big Race
Between the Columbia and the Shamrock.
TO THE LAND LUBBER WHO FINDS DIFFICULTY IX READING THE ACCOUNTS OF THE BOAT RACE AS
THEY WILL APPEAR IN THIS NEWSPAPER THIS DIAGRAM MAY SERVE AS A GUIDE. CUT IT
OUT AND YOU WILL KNOW WHAT IS BEING TALKED ABOUT WHEN YOU
HEAR THE STRANGE TERMS.
Oportina
Second — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up; yelling.
.. Sybarii 103] 91 Clarando 9S
12 Polish 106 94 Negligence 110
M rule 103 86 Beaumonde 106
«l Major Cook 10S
Third race — Six furlongs, two-year-olds ;
purse.
C 6 Bathos 105 101 The Echo 99
87 Fairfax ICO <4S;San Tomas.._.. . ,110
(92)Prlncess ZrMka..lO2"
Fourth race— One mile, gelling, four-year-olds
and up.
9S Alicia 104] (97) P. A. Finnegan.lo4
(ICC) Bemardillo 104 97 Grady 107
99 Raptdo 104 9S Twinkle T wink. lo4
Fifth race — Sir furlongs, selling, three-year
elds and up.
104 Anchored 9Si (95)Rto Chlco 102
63 N via 103 90 Sorrow 103
i Marplot 106 (SS)Plng 103
Li Ainusa 107 1 *
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Humidity. Billy A. Rainier.
Second race — Polish, Yule, Clarando.
Third race— Princess 2V?lka, San Tomas,
Bathos.
Fourth race— Bcrnardlllo, Rapldo, Twinkle
Twlnk.
Fifth — Sorrow, Novla, Rio Chlco.
*
FLY-CASTING MEDALS.
Close Contests Among Members for
the Club Trophies.
The medal contests of the San Fran
clsco Fly Tasting Club tor the season of
18)9 practically closed with the re-entries
on September 30 and October 1. The club
medals will be awarded as follows:
Long distance — Championship medal, W.
D. Mansfield; Brst-ciasa medal, A. E. Ix>
vett; second-class medal, T. W. Brother
ton.
Accuracy— Championship medal, C. G.
roung; first-class medal, <'liarl»-s lluyck.
F. H. Reed, with the highest .^core in
the first class In accuracy on Saturday,
and Charlrs Huyck, with the highest
score in the lirst class in accuracy on
Sunday, cast off Sunday for the first-class
accuracy medal. On the ilrst trial they
tied; on the next trial lluyck won by a
small margin.
Delicacy — championship medal, W. D.
Mansfield and C. <;. Young; first-class
medal, ii. !'. Muller und A. E. Lpvett.
i^ure. casting — Championship m<-<lul, W.
1). Mansfield and T. \V. Brotherton.
The genera] average medal was won by
W. I. Mansfield, with a total of 4% points
u\er the next highest contestant.
The Smith medal for the. greatest im
provement in any one of the fly casting
events will go to T. \V. Brotherton on im
provement in Winjf distance.
The race betw'-n T. \\\ Brotherton and
E. Everett for this medal was very close.
At the time the classification scores were
completed H seemed almost certain that
Everett would win, but the wonderful
strides made by lirotherton In long dis
tance during the last five contests raised
lilb average improvement in long distance
(>v<t twenty-four feet. Everett's average
improvement waa about sixteen feet. The
longest cast made during the season of
1889 Is the cast of \V. D. Mansfield, 133
feet, which stands a« the world's record.
H. F. Mullf-r and A. E. I,ovett will cast
off for the first-class delicacy medal next
Saturday.
The regular monthly meeting of the
club will be held at the rooms or the Fish
Commission in the Mills building this
evening at 8 o'clock.
A table showing the complete scores of
the season and the standing of the mem
bers In the various contests will then
be presented and the character and value
of the medals awarded will be deter
mined on.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 33» Post st. •
■ » ■
RESULTS AT HAWTHORNE.
Six Good Races Furnished on the
Card and a Good Track.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Weather clear; track
good at Hawthorne to-day. Summary:
Seven furlongs— Mr. Johnson won, Del
Paso II second, Alice B third. Tim I},1 },
l:2it*i.
Seven furlongs — Alice Turner won, Flor
lzur second, Avenstoko third. Time, 1:30%.
Short course steeplechase Globe II won,
Cheesemlte second, Bellamy third. Time,
3.13?;.
Six furlongs— won, Newsgath
erer second, Ed Tipton third. Time, l;l4^i.
Mile and an eighth — Jackanapes won,
Tappan second, Tony Honig third. Time.
1:54%. ,
One mile— Ben Neville won. Catastrophe
second. Pacemaker third. Time, 1:41.
DETROIT, Oct. 2.— The weather was
pleasant at Windsor to-day and the track
was fast. Results:
Six furlongs— X won, Lovlco sec
ond, Sustis third. Time, -1:164.
Five furlongs— Vohicer won, Pharaoh
second, Brooch third. Time, 1:02.
Six furlongs— lnterferer won. Jack Adie
second, Wortheim third. Time, 1:04>4.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Frank Jau
bert won, Elano second. Bell Punch third
Time, 1:56.
Six furlongs— Grange won, Allotla
second. Bloodhound third. Time, 1:14.
BIG MONEY
FOR OWNERS
AT OAKLAND
Ten Rich Stakes Offered by
the California Jockey Cub.
Changed Conditions.
Yesterday the California 'Jockey Club j
announced its list of. stakes to be com
peted for at the meeting: now in progress
at Oakland track. In the past a greater j
number of prizes have been offered, but
many of them, especially those offered
lor horses of the two-year-old brigade,
havo resulted in virtual walkovers,
arousing no interest whatever. This sea
son it is the intention of the association !
across the bay to give liberal overnight ;
handicaps and special events throughout
the season. None of the stakes to be
contested for are less than $1500 valuation,
being headed by the $10,000 Burns handi- !
cap. The Pacific Union handicap has been
increased from (1500 to $2000 and the name
of the Baldwin strike handicap has been |
changed to the. Lissak handicap in honor i
of Ivouls Lipsak, the popular and affable
manager of the track over the bay. The
Naglee selling- stake has also been in
creased and so has the Follansbee handi
cap. The attention of owners is called to
the conditions of the Oebbard handicap.
In all $35'J0 is hung up, but horsemen are |
asked to make payments on a stake of
but ?2000. It is a novel idea and a con
ceit of Handicapper Brooks. Twenty
eight thousand in all is offered, the en
tries for which close on November C.
None of These rich stakes are to be con
tested for before January 1, 1900. The con
ditions are as follows:
$10,000, the Burns handicap— A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward: entrance }:'•); $30
additional for horses not declared by 4 p. m.
day after weights are announced; $100 addi
tional for starters; the club to add an amount
necessary to make the gro^s value of the race
$10,000, of which $2000 to second and $1000 to I
third horn**; weights to be announced five days i
before the race; horses not declared before 1 p.
m. the day preceding the race to be liable for
full starting fee; winners of any race other j
than a selling purse after weights are an- !
nounced to carry five pounds extra; if handi- i
capped at leas than weight for age, seven
pounds erftra; one mile and a <juarter.
$3000, the Thornton stakes— For horses thnt
will be three-year-olds and upward at the time
the race Is to be run; entrance $10. $50 addi- j
tional to start: the club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race j
$3000, of which $300 to second. $200 to third and :
the fourth to save his starting fee. Three
year-olds to carry 86 pounds; four-year-olds,
i" pounds; five-year-olds. US pounds; plx-year
olds and upward, 116 pounds (usual sex al
lowance); this stake will be reopened fifteen
days before the date it Is to be run, and en
tries to be received at $50 each; $75 additional |
to start: four miles.
$2000, Palace Hotel Handicap— A handicap for ,
two-year-olds and upward; entrance $10, $50
additional to start; the club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
$2000, of which $250 to second and $150 to third
horse; weights to be announced three days
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mail to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remsdy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
Permanent,
A free trial treatment Is being sent out
by the State Medical Institute In order
to demonstrate the fact that the most
horrible of all diseases can be cured.
There is a good deal of controversy over
this subject among those who declare the
disease incurable, but the facts are in-
dubitable and must be acknowledged. The
action of this new remedy Is peculiar. The
physician in charge of the Institute has
had a long and varied experience treating
this uisease o* the blood, and about two
years ago, after a long series of experi-
ments, he found the exact specific that
offsets the poison, renders it lifeless and
eliminates it from the body. Having per-
sonally examined many hundreds of cases
and familiarized himself with every de-
tail of the disease, his discovery came
naturally and has never failed him. One
of his recent cures was a most hopeless
case, the disease having caused the hair
to fall out and the body was one mass of
putrescent sores, boils, blotches and un-
sightly disfigurements. In ten days tho
entire outer skin was healed and there
prior to the race; winners of other than a
selling purse after the weights are announced
to carry five pounds extra; one mile and a fur
long.
$2000, the Pacific Union handicap— For three
year-olds (foals of 1597); entrance $10, $50 ad
ditional to start: the club will add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
$2000, of which $250 to second and $150 to third
horse; weights to be announced three days
prior to the race, winners of other than a selling
purse after the weights are announced to carry
five pounds extra: one mile and a furlong.
$1500, the Gunst handicap— A handler. for
two-year-olds and upward; entrance $10, $25
additional to start; the club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the race
$1500, of which $200 to second and $100 to third
horse; weights to be announced three days prior
to the race; winners of other than a selling
purse after the weights are announced to carry
five pounds extra; one mile and a furlong.
$1500, the L4ssak handicap— A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward; entrance $10, $25 ad
ditional to start; th.' club to add an amount
necessary to make the cross value of the race
$1500, of which $250 to second and $150 to third;
weights to be announced four days prior to the
race; winners of other than a selling purse
after weights are announced to carry five
pounds extra: one mile.
$1500, the McLaughlin selling stakes— two
year-olds and upward; entrance $10, $25 addi
tional to start; the club to add -in amount
necessary to make the cross value of the v*< c
$1500, of which $200 to second and $100 to third
horse; those entered not to be sold to carry
5 pounds extra; if for $3000, weight for age;
allowances one pound for each $250 to $2000,
one pound for each $100 to $1000; two pounds
for each $100 to $500; winners of a race of
$1000 In value or of three races other than
Belling races after the closing of this stake
not to be entered for $1000; one mile and a six
teenth.
$1500, the Naglee selling stakes— For three
year-Olds an.l upward; entrance $10, $2." addi
tional to start; the club to add an amount
necessary to make the pro=s value of the race
$1600, of which $200 to second and $100 to third;
$1800. weight for ase; allowances, one pound
for each $100 to $IfK:Q and two pounds for each
$100 less to $300: winners of a race of $600 in
value or of three races other than spII-dr races
'. after the closing of this stake not to be en
! trred for less than $800; starters to be named,
with selling price, through the entry-box the
day preceding the race at the usual time of
closing:; seven furlongs.
$1500, the Follansb -c handicap — A hifth welpht
Jiandlcap for two-year-olds and upward; en
trance $10, $2"> additional to start; the club
to add an amount necessary to mnl<e the pro<>u
value of the race $1500. of which $200 to second
I and $li 1 Q to third horsp; weights to be au
rounced three days prior to race; winners of
other than a sellir.p p-ir^e after the weights
;ir.' announced to carry five pounds extra; seven
furlongs.
«2"(»> the r>bhßrd handicap— For two-ycar
-1 olds (foals of IS9S); entrance $IP, $."0 additional
to .'tart; the club to add an amount neces
sary to make the *ross value of the race $2000.
of which $r,O to second and $150 to third;
; weights to be announced four days prior to the
: race: winners of other than a selling purse
after weights arc announced to carry five
pounds extra; this race will not be run before
April 1: previous to this we will give three
! $SOO-purse races at shorter distances of which
' only such as are entered In this race will he
elielbl<»; futurity course (170 feet less than
l!:r^»'-(juarters of a mile).
The new watermelon color at "Keith's"*
Evans Leaves Los Angeles.
T,OS ANGELES. Oct. 2.— H. Clay Evans,
United States Commissioner of Pensions,
left here at noon to-day for San Fran
cisco.
For More Sports See Page 13.
was noticeable improvement in all other
respects. A brief continuation of the rem-
-1 edy brought about a radical cure.
The free trial treatment has saved a
great many who otherwise were doomed
to early destruction, and it was this ob
ject which induced the institute to make
the offer. In all cases where the sores
have become characteristic of the disease
j the sufferer fully realizes the name and
nature of his or her affliction, but a great
many who have inherited the disease or
I who have recently contracted it should
ask the institute for their 44-page book
describing fully the disease and also ex^
plaining the action of their new remedy
Siflllde. Send your name and address tn
the State Medical Institute, 148 Bass
block, Fort Wayne. Ind., and they will
forward, prepaid, a free trial treatment
that will bring to the sufferer such won-
derful relief, such an ecstatic feeling of
joy for the improvement shown as to ful-
ly compensate for the suffering and de-
spair that previous failure has caused
Write to-day without fail.
DRAWING OF
THE HOUNDS
THAT COURSE
Fleet Longtails Which Will
Compete for Prizes To-
Morrow.
The drawing- for the coursing to take
place at Union Park on Wednesday was
held last night at Pythian Castle.
The first prize will be $60, the second
$40, the third $30; there will be three of
$15 each, six of 58 each and twelve of $3
each.
The drawing- was as follows:
W. Creamer's (name?) Report vs. W. 7).
Trade's Wandering Tom; J. W. Letcher'a
(names) Sand.iw vs. Sterl & Knowles' Fannie
X: John Kerrigan's I^ady Blanch vs. Aeneld
Kennels" Maid of Erin: J. Hurley's Star of
Cuba vs. J. Jones' Gaiivant; J. Kennedy's
Night Time vs. W. H. Jones' Lady Marion;
Pafiha Kennels' Rollicking; Airs vs. J. Ken
nedy's Wild West: J. Dean's Belle of Ander
son vs. J. Running's Dempsey Las?; H. W.
Uiks" Nancy R vs. A. L. Austin's Firm Foe;
J. Keenan's Royal Buck vs. M. B. Cavanagh's
Hard Lines: Connell Bros.' Green Isle vs.
Handy & Smith's Victor; S. E. Portal's
Laurelwood vs. Handy & Smith's Petronius;
J. Jones' Moonlight vs. W. Creamer's Je??e
Moore; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim vs. H.
Gray's Terronette; D. Cronin's Swinnerton vs.
J. \V. Letcher'a (names) Bryan; Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas vs. Handy & Smith's Ida; J. Hur
ley's O X Capitol vs."j. Ferris' Cleopatra; J.
O'Dowd's Shoot Over vs. T. Hall's Nonpareil;
Kay &- Trant's Hawker vs. Courtney & Hare's
Douglas; I. F. Halton's Tie Tac vs. J. W.
Letcher's (names) Bull Hill; D. Winders'
(names) Risky Attempt vs. W. H. Jones' Kus
tan; F. Rothman's Justice vs. P. Kerwin's
Lady Garnet: S. E. Portal's GallaKher vs. J.
Dennis' October Woodcock; Sterl & Knnwles'
Wag vs. F. A. McComh's One Spot: Kay &
Trant's Eclipse vs. J. Keenan's Royal Oak.
P. MARTIN'S DINNER PARTY.
Polo Expert Entertains a Lot of Jolly
Fellows at the Bohemian Club.
In anticipation of carrying off the
laurels at the approaching polo match at
Golden Gate Park, Peter Martin cele
brated the occasion in advance last even-
Ing by giving a dinner at the Bohemian
Club to a number of hia friends— "all good
fellows," as he expressed it.
Beautiful floral decorations adorned the
tables, and during the courses the strains
of lively music from an orchestra addr-d
to the pleasure of the guests. When
cigars were reached jollity reigned su
preme. The host was toasted by all
around the table, who talked in their most
happy vein. Mr. Martin responded in nis
usuu.l good-natured style, and did not al
low the life of the occasion to lag at any
stage of the proceedings. Among those
who joined him in the affair wire: Major
Rathbone, Downey Harvey. Walter Ho
bart, Fred Silos, Frank Carolan, Dirk
Tobln, Tom Williams. Dan Murphy, Ed
Tobin, Buckley Johnston, Walter Martin
and Charles Dunphy.
Dewey Celebration.
Americans are quirk to appreciate merit. The
Dewey celebrations prove that, and it is again
forcibly demonstrated In the praise and confi
dence which is accorded to Hostetter'a Stomach
Bitters, one of the most meritorious remedies
ever compounded for Indigestion, constipation,
dyspepsia, biliousness, liver or kidney disease
or any trouble arising from a weak stomach.
If you liave a weak stomach don't fall to try it.
t taken st night will make you ,
• feel right, act right and look (
| right They cure Constipation. *
I lOcents and SRepnfs, nf. cHdrurcßtores. T
RATXIIOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TJburon Ferry s Foot of Market St.
PAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-.
WEEK DAYS— 7:<so. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
S:3O, 5:10, 6.3 C p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— £xtra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, 9.20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
pame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 16, .
Week Sun- ls99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am $:00 am Novate, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm : 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
— Geyservllle,
8:30 pm. 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am j Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am, Uklah. 7;35 pm ; : 20 pm
1
7:30 ami 10:25 am
18:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am ; 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 17:36 pm 6:20 pm
Stap«s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllle for Skui^s
Pprlngrs; at Cloverdßle for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Dunran Springs. Highland Springs,
Kels«yvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Sprln«r«: at TJkiah for Viohy
Bprtriß-fl, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, laurel
Dell Lake, Wrtter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno
Potter Valley. John PaYs, Riverside, LJerley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville,'
Boonevllle, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro. Albion, Little River!
Orr's Hot Springß, Mendocino City. Port Bra**'
Tfestport. Usal. ■Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlne b. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer
Bcotla and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 6RO Market «t., Chronicle bldß.
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
vi* iMMan F*rry.
Commencing October 1 ISS9
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL ' VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. VAUU *'*
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. •9:30. 11:00 "a. m : »l-45
•3:40, 5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, •10:00, '11:30 a. m ■ »1-15
3:15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. ' '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:35, 7:45, »9:40 a m •
•12:30". 2:15, '3:40, »5:15 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »S:00. '10:00, »11:45 a. m ;
•1:40, *3:15. 4:45, «6:30 p. m. '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 9:45 a m i
12:35. 2:35, 3:45, 5:20 p. m. .-;-,,*
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m. 12:85. 2:15, 8:30.
6:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and v^ay stations]
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, October 1 1833
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p m
SUNDAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. "m
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 in ■
TiCOS. COOK A SOX. A«t«_ 621 Majkat at.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GIVES
WEAK MEN
STRENGTH.
Co py ri £ h t ctl*
A radical cure without drugs for
weaknesses, the result of youthful In-
discretions, for lame back, varicocele,
I etc.
Dr. Sanden presents in his appliance
a scientific treatment. It performs no
miracles, but it will do what he has
demonstrated that drugs and medicines
cannot. It adds strength to the glands,
nerves and organs, while medicines
only stimulate. The Dr. Sanden Elec-
tric Belt with suspensory is simply the
proper application of the proper elec-
tric current.
You put the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt
I on when retiring for the night and take
jit off next morning. Seven to nine
hours of the gentle, strengthening cur-
rent a day for two or three months
does the work.
Dr.' Sanden publishes a little book
explaining all, which will be sent free
by mail in plain sealed envelope, or he
may be consulted free of charge at his
offices daily between the hours of 9 a.
m. and 6p. m., Sundays 11 to 1. He is
there to demonstrate to the patient's
satisfaction the results which can be
; attained by the use of his Dr. Sanden
j Electric Belt. Consultation free. Write
j or call to-day.
DR. T. A. SANDEN,
18 Third St.. San Francisco, Ca\
-B.ATTYR.nA-n TBAVELb
.n«m;tiii;kn r*«:il'lf COMPANY.
(PAOIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train. l«-n»«- :>u<l nr« due to arrive at
KAN KKAJiCIJMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 2, 1899. — arrivh
i •7:OOa. Benlcia, Snisun and Sacramento.... # a:4sp
*7:OUa. MaryHVille, Ororilleaud Redding via
Woodland •3t4.»p
*7:OOa Khr.ira, Vacaville and Rurasey *8:5 Op
•7:3<»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calist.oga and Santa Rosa »G:l.Tp
•8:OOa Atlantic Express. Og.len and East.. •I>:lsa.
' •»::h»a Sun .lose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, riacerville,
MarysTille, Chico, Red HlnfT »4ilsp
•»::t<»A •Milton, Oakdale and Honora •l:l."»p
•!):OOa Haywarda, Miles and Way Stations. M 1:45 a
•«:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
M • reed mid Fresno »1 2: 1 5p
•!»:«m>a Fresno, liakeralield, Santa linrlmrn.,
Los Angeles. Doming, El Paso,
Now Orleans and East # 0:-l3p
•IO:»Oa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations # 7:ir»p
•I I :««»A liaywards, Niles and Way Stations. # *:43p
•ia:«OM Nil. s, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vi.salia,
PcrterTiile Mil.fp
tl:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers fHtOOp
I •:»:OOp Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. # a:4sp
•4:O«r Martinez, Sun Ramon, Vallejo,
Nupa. Oali»tnga, Santa Ran •U.I."U
! *l:<M>r Benlda, Vacaville, Hacrmnento,
Woodland, Knights landing,
Marysvilie, Oroville «lO:4H*.
•4:: tOp Nilcs, San. lose and Stockton *7:15p
•5:OOrTlio Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
Bskersileld, Saugiia for Santa liar- - '
bara, Los Angeles.. ...• # »s43a.
•3:80]? Stockton, Merced, lresno # 12:13p
I *3tBOp Martinez, Tracy, Meudota, Fresno,
Mejavo mid I. us Angeles 8:4.1 a
•SsSOp Kauta ¥a Itoule, Atlantic Express
for Mujnve «nd East "O:J3p
: •Older Chicago-San Francisco Special, Og-
ileiiand Kant »»:30p
•O:OOp Hay wards, Niles and San Jose •7t4»»
tU:«M»i> Vallejo •! 2 j 1 3p
J7. -OOp Vallcjo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions J!»:3."»p
•8:O5i» Ori'Kon KxprpiuigMacratiieiitn, Maryn- •
villc, 1.'.-.lilimr, Portlami, l'uget
Kiiiimlaud Vast »Sil."»\
COAST DIVISION OurroiT <;ftiiire).
•. (Foot of M:irkct Street.)
•!«:Isa Newark, Ccn tcrvil le, San .lose, Fclton,
IloulderCreek.SantaCnizandWay
Stations *3:30 v
fa:l3p Newark, CentorviHe, Sati Jose, New
Alma(leu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Statious f 10:304
" 1:1. Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos. *O:aO\
M l:l5r Hnuter.V Excursion, San Jose and
| Way Stations t7iBoi»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
from SIM riUSCISCO— root or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 *2:00 13i0S
•1:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m. * *
i From (lAILIND— FooI of BroaJwnj. — "fi:00 8-00 10-00 A M
112:80 '1:00 12:00 *3:CO Ji:00 'oJOQpjI.
COAST VISION' ( ISroai! Uauge).
(Third :uid Townscml Stg.)
j 16:10 a Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. t«:.1Op
i *7:OOa San Joho nnd Wny Stiitlnns (New
Alinadcn Wednesdays only) *l:3O»
•9:OOa Sim .lose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pad lie Orore. Paso KoW^s, San
Luis OMsim, Surf, Lon poc and
Principal Way .Stations *4:10p
•IO:IOa Sail Jobs wtd Way Stations »nia.iA
•11:3Oa San Jose and Wny StaMons •StUOr
t«:lsi- San Matr,., Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos, Simla Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey mid Pacilic Grove tlO:.1Ov
faiaOpSan Jose and Wnj .stations «7:30p
fl:l3i> San Jose and Principal Way Stations • < J:ls\
San PrJaoipal Way Stations t»:0OA,
, *S:2Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a,
i •a : :top San Jose and WayStatlous tB:O4>A
6II:I.">P San Jose aiut Way Stations •7:50p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon *
•Daily. f Sunday exeepted. J Sunday only.
Saturday only.
The PACiriCVTR AMSPKK COMPAN V
; will call far and check bagcage from hotels and resi-
] dences. Enquire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
I other information.
Santa Feßpute
1/ V »n.p»aa
§£* BUOSffl^tLßk TPHOENIJI
fr 1^ SAW FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
!f^ THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY
| ; ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
! EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN VrZ
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO T ND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 630 P M. ' x *"4*.l
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
, HARVEY, AND ARE; PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. LSi
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD RTlrtT'n
lip p iiel i
10H0 am [§ 5:35 pm Fresno t9 : 00 aS 2m' nm
U:3S am § 7:43 pm Hanford n : 00 tm \'\~ n™
2:25 pm 112:30 am Bakersfleld iiiil
11:59 am |C:25 pm Vlsalia f5 20 aS 1 :^ nS
12:15 pm t 6:53 pm Tul are |<;g £s 'libj gg .
♦Dally. tExcept Sunday. SExceDt M m
t??\£Ti£ 0 Ticket otnce!% ce^^ d : t y :
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway
Sacramento Office. 201 J st
| San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st. :
§Jr. Gibbon s Dispensary,
a M I ?« J i "'^Jfeatment ot Private
m l i.>p,ishr. Lost Manhood. Debilltv or
taiBBOJI. Box 1957, San FranclacaSOUGHT AN END
TO PAIN WITH A
DEADLY POISON
Fannie Hoopes* Futile
Effort.
DRANK DOSE OF CHLOROFORM
ILL HEALTH AND HYSTERIA
THE CAUSE.
The Young 1 Woman Went to Golden
Gate Park to Destroy Herself,
but Was Opportunely
Discovered.
Prolonged ill health and a constantly
Increasing tendency to morbidness were
the reasons for an Ineffectual attempt at
c made some time yesterday even- j
S Miss Fannie Iloopes, a prepossess- ;
ung woman, who resides with her
Ister, Miss Lucy P. Lawrence, at 709
■•
- who has been employed for
months past by G. 11. Umbsen & Co.
aographer and bookkeeper, left her
at 9 o'clock yesterday morning.;
telling her sister that she was go- |
- me trifling errand before going j
she did not return at her i
I hour, and her sister, who has f
>me days past that she was contem- '
. mpt upon her life, at once j
. I to the Umbsens. They in- '
■ : her that Miss Hoopes had not been |
r desk during the morning.
ring the worst, Miss Lawrence went '
•■> the Cliff House and from there;
it the life saving station. It had
her sister's custom to spend her
boura at the beach, ar.d >fiss Law- i
concluded that if .-he had carried |
ler oft-repeated threats to take her
:. i pine out !•-' the cliffs to do
be walked the beach all through the
Ing, but finding no trace of the miss
d the polio.- at
tation, anil a systematic!
. which the I'mbsens assisted,
ng young woman was found
•!,t lying unconscious
h in the park panhandle, near
n and Fell streets, a
□ tightly rlutched in her
: an empty chloroform bottle by
t>he had evidently not only ln
the fumes of the drug, but had
a quantity Internally, Dr. Wilson.
was i-alled. and upon
.: her condition "rdered he.r re
: uce to thi Receiving Hospital,
■ alter an hour's hard work she was
; back to consciousi
Lawrence, the sister, said concern-
My Bister has been In ill
r some months, but returned
vacation a month ago much
Last Friday, however, she be
• rical, and since then has
: Beveral times to do away with
i have watched her as carefully
, but she - » from me
. and this is the result." The
r whom the young woman
I for some months, speak high
« haracter and ability, and are
erything they can to make her
lortunato plight as light fur her
. The Burgeons at the hospital
• . ■:■:■■ lays rest will effect her
unless unlooked-for complica-
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FAIR.
Kind-Hearted Ladies and Gentlemen
Who Sympathize With the Boys.
The Firft Reerimcntal headquarters on
Mar': betweMl Ninth and Tenth,
I from a cold barracks into
.•>- last night by the pres
•idsome ladies both young and
er with temporary booths made
nvitlng by a and smil
- ■ was .Mission Do
-ht at home" of the Youths' Di
• ir, and it would he useless to
• ■re not at homo. n<l also
made all others at home
! the building 1 .
was furnished hy the Market
rivay band of forty pieces un
ship of < '. IT. Shaftner. The
• home" belonging: to
■ s bi "'Tii follows:
assisted by Mesdames J.
Edward Hall, C, I kiodell,
.X.. J . i rerish, F. H. Malom j ,
: :• t Burns, Prank
Walsh, Jean Wegscheider,
; ie, Julia Qreene, Thomas
: y. H. M. Greene, J. P.
• I Mc< Irait h, C. Rader,
Ite McGlinn, Florence No-
Nolan, Nellie t.'arr, Maud
legan, Clara Band,
. Ulan 1.. Bardot. K.lna
McManningr. Nellie- Mc-
R. Nolan, May Nolan,
: . ■ Maloney, Minna
I, Kate Kelly,
■ >ren Mulligan,
. Lily Greene and
.
irship In a busl
od: Miss I
Krank Shaugh
• Shaughi
: . Don
• ry ;md M. 1 ■ ■;.-
'.In the contest for the pold clock of
;ferfd .lly the hospital booth to the most
pbpalar. physician the score Is: Dr. J. H.
• Hi-nR-y. 'il votes; Dr. Hertzsteln; 1C; Dr.
If VJ'pT i Laean.l4; Dr. T. J. Crowley. 5; Dr.
Stanley ritillman. 3: Dry. i. erly Cole,
H,v Gibbons. S. J.'.'Frazer and Herbert
Moffatf, l>r: G. •G. Fitzpibbons, Drs.
AY W. Kcrr, A. T. Leonard, Q. Chis
-mbr.-, M. de.Vecchi; J. O. lit tifelder J.
H. -ii-nrhat. G. M. Kichtor, G. H. Palmer,
iS:. v i 'i\: iiuffman, J. . ; ■ ■■!!.■. W. B. Cof
fo.y,.>V. i; ■•Keer.ey. K. W. Payne, H. Ba
i.'et; f • Maher,' F. Knorp, A. H. Glaninnl,
'(>. J. Slayea; G. Elriirht, J. Onestl, \V. 1,.
■M(?Kh' : :y. and J. Lane. . each.
;-,:Afnovel feature to be introduced by the
pursea from the various hospitals is the
presentation' of a collection of fancy dolls.
These rjwlllj be -subject to a vote, and the
jiursn receiving the highest vote will carry
■asflne a <xillectiori of dolls as ever ap
peared in a store on a Christmas eve.
UNITY LODGE, BNAI BRITH.
Att Interesting Entertainment for
.:>. Members and Many Friends.
nmtt Unity Lodge of the Inde
r :'rith gave a B.
nment and smoker to about two
hundred of Its friends In li'nai B'rith lln.ll.
Ai W ger was' the 'hairman of the
entertainment,- which was
: Hasi Ifeldt, Map-us
Maurice L. Asher and R» v.
■ re was presented lor
th« of members and gn
Ing numbers. Otto I.
■ r, and he announced
tluit . s would be permitted, but
a member was called upon to
a story, ;;lng a song or dance,
i what he was told to do,
ho v. to pay a fine into t>
< i.-ii : Bignor wornell from the Tlvo
-11 f-' ;i ctions, Leo Cooper fa
: with dramatic readings. Theodore
I Toby Rosenthal, the
selections on the violin.
Max : was called upon for a
cakewalk, but he paid a fine. Eugene W.
Levy, a well-known lawyer, sang, a song
before he took his Heat the director
asked If it was not the most punk song
in a hall, and called tor a vote
cpression. There was a unanimous
Inger was required to <-u
rlch the social fund. Arthur Conreich,
did and many oth»-rn emu
tributed to the programme. During the
c guests were treated to a colla
tion, refreshments and cigars.
Died at the Receiving Hospital.
Charles H. waters, who was brought to
the Receiving Hospital last Saturday suf
fering from the effects of gas asphyxia
tion, died last night without having re
-. His brother, who
a livery Btable in Marysville, came
when he heard of Waters' misf.,r
tune, and will take the remains buck
with him as soon us the Coroner has jiu
lshe<l his investigations. The body was
taken to the Morgue, where it now" lies.
fiee-tho new color window, "Keith's." •
NEWS OF CAMPS AND TRANSPORTS.
MINNESOTANS TO
BE DISCHARGED
BUT NOT PAID
Their Money Will Be
Held a Day.
MUST WAIT UNTIL WEDNESDAY
BITTER COMPLAINTS AT THE
ENFORCED POVERTY.
Arrival of the Twenty-Eighth Regi
ment From Fort Meade — Sail
ing of Transports and
Clearing of Camps.
The Minnesota boys will be mustered
out of the service to-day, but they will
not be paid until to-morrow, a fact that
nearly caused a riot In the camp yester
day.
It has been the desire of the Governor
and the people of the State that the regi
ment arrive in Minneapolis in time to
meet the President when he reaches there
on October 13. For that reason an at
tempt was made to have the muster out
of the regiment delayed from October 3
to October 5, but in this the Minnesota
delegation was unsuccessful. The date
for the muster out was set for October 3.
and the men had no thought but that
they would be paid on the same day as
were other commands. There was great
excitement therefore when it was an
nounced yesterday morning that there
would be no money until Wednesday.
There was a howl of disappointment
and at once the men gathered around
Colonel Ames' tent and demanded the rea
sons for the delay. They declared they
had to meet their bills this evening, as
they hnd promised to do so in the ex
pectation of being paid promptly; and
they wanted money in their pockets on
the first night of their freedom, and they
believed they were entitled to it. Dele
gations from the different companies
made formal complaint to Colonel Ames,
but he could do nothing in the matter,
and beyond the fact that the delay In
the payment was by order of General
Bhafter. he had no idea what was the
> cause of it.
About the time the committees had
I come to a standstill matters were further
| complicated by the arrival of the Min
i neapolis Journal, in which was a state-
I ment io the effect that the payday had
! been delayed at the request of Governor
Lind, who wished the men to be paid
. only just before they left here for home.
The statement did not Improve the tem
i per of the men, and they were loud and
' bitter In their complaints. To soothe them
they were told the paymasters had too
much to do and could not pay them to
day anyway, but the paymasters depart
ment is always kept up to its work, and
the men can" be paid to-day and would
have been paid to-day if it had not been
for the oraer naming to-morrow as the
time.
The men declare they are not babies
, and they can take care of themselves
without the assistance of the State of
-1 fleers. They hint, too, that the idea is
to bring the men to such a state of mind
that they will break up the intended pa
rade in honor of the President. To-day
will be a lively one among the Minne
sotans.
The South Dakota men are scheduled
to leave the service on Thursday next,
October 3, but there are disquieting ru
mors io the effect that the regiment will
be held until all danger of smallpox has
d. At one time it was the intention
of the department to quarantine both the
South Dakota and the Minnesota regi
ments, but the intention was not carried
out. It is now being debated whether or
not to keep the command in the service
until the proper length of time for quar
antine has gone by, or turn the men loose,
with a possible danger of infection after
they have reached their homes. There
has" been no decision on the question so
far.
The Twenty-eighth Regiment has come
in from Camp Meade, Pa. It reached this
side of the bay at 11 o'clock and started
at once for the post. It came almost to
gether the last section being but a few
hours behind the first. The regiment was
recruited in Pennsylvania and the sur
rounding States, and it has in its ranks a
large percentage of men who have Been
service in the Spanish war. There is also
a liberal sprinkling of sailors, somo of
whom were with Dewey at Manila.
Colonel William E. Rlrkhimer, formerly
a' captain in the Third United States Ar
tillery Is the commanding officer of the
regiment but as he Is in Manila the regi
ment is in charge of Lieutenant Colonel R.
W Leonard. The command has put in a
good deal of time at the ranges, so is well
advanced in target practice.
The Twenty-ninth R>-giment is sched
uled to pall "next Thursday on the Para
and the Zealandla— the headquarters band
v. ■! companies on the Para and live
companies "n the Zealandia. The Valen
cia will sail the same day with a full
complement of recruits. The Hancock
:.-duled for the 15th inst. to take
away the Twenty-eighth, which arrived
rday morning. This will clear the
camp of outgoing volunteers and with
the muster out of the Minnesota and, un
lesa otherwise ordered, the South Dakota
Regiment the Montana men will be the
:roops at the Presidio besides the
garrison a few recruits and the battalion
of the Fortieth and of the Forty-third,
which are struggling into existence.
Reports from the smallpox hospitals at
the Presidio and on Angel Island show no
■•■ in the situation. They bring the
information, however, that Corporal Lar
the case from th>- South Dakota
Regiment, is dangerously affected and
probably will not live.
There were two deaths at the general
tal at the Presidio yesterday—Wil
liam Tramoll, private, < "ompany X,
Thirty-third Infantry, left in the hospital
when the Thirty-third sailed for Manila,
Bergeant Nicholas Hraun, Company
li Twenty-third Infantry.
:n had been in the service twentv
yeara and three months. In July
> tils term of enlistment expired and
he drew from the Government $1200. Ills
I term ;igaln ran out last July while he
i was in Manila with his regiment and he
! drew in pay and -travel pay $2333. He
I again re-enlisted, but soon after was
i taken pick and had to be sent here to the
! hospital on the Para. He had a wife and
I nve children living somewhere In Penn
sylvania.
"First Lieuu-nant Sherwood A. Cheney
of the engineer corps has been ordered to
proceed to Manila on the transport Zea
landia.
Upon the request of Captain C. H. Gor
don. Forty-seventh Infantry, quartermas
ter and commissary on the transport City
of Para, a board of survey has been ap
pointed to settle his accounts. The offi
cers making up the board arc Captain
H C. Danes, Third Artillery; First Lieu
tenant W. S. McNair, Third Artillery, and
Second Lieutenant It. P. Brower. Third
Artillery.
Captain Charles F>. Hardin, Eighteenth
Infantry, has been assigned to the trans
port Valencia as quartermaster and com
missary, and he will also tako command
of the detachment of 42", recruits assigned
to her for transportation to Manila. With
the detachment will also go First Lieu
tenant Amos H. Martin, Nineteenth In
fantry: First Lieutenant Ora K. Hunt,
Eighteenth Infantry; Second Lieutenant
C VL Smith, Eighteenth Infantry; Sec
ond Lieutenant W. S. Sinclair, Fourteenth
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Charles E.
Kilbourne Jr.. Fourteenth Infantry; Sec
ond Lieutenant Charles M. Gordon «Jr.,
Sixteenth Infantry.
Captain Hardin has been on duty as ad
jutant of the recruits at the Presidio since
the first rush toward the Philippines be
gan after the Filipino outbreak. He baa
had one of the most important as well as
one of the most difficult positions In the
service on this coast to fill, for he was
responsible for the instruction, the dis
cipline, the equipment and the general
straightening out of the raw material
that came, here from all over the country.
That they have made such good soldiers
is mainly" due to his energy.
Captain Frier of the Seventeenth In
fantry has been detailed to the position
Captain Hardin leaves vacant.
Second Lieutenants Henry W. Stamford
,and William W. Colt, U. S. .V. Sljjnal^
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
Corps, have been ordered to proceed to
Manila on the transport Valencia.
Captain James B. Hughes, Fourth Cav
alry, has been assigned to temporary duty
with the recruits at the Presidio while
awaiting orders to Join his regiment in
the Philippines.
Acting Assistant Surg-eon Robert Boyd
has been assigned to temporary duty in
the general hospital at the Presidio pend
ing orders for Manila.
A detachment to consist of Second LJeu
tenant William Mitchell, United States
Volunteer Signal Corps; First Class Pri
vates Miles, M. Anthony, Lester J. Brit
ton, Henry Dunn, Guy C. Farrell and
Fred Stretmater; Second Class Privates
Robert J. Brownfielder, William C. Ergen
zing-er, Edward J. Johnson, Alfred E.
Mitchell, Francis B. Thurman and Robert
T. White. Signal Cons. United States
Army, now at Angel Island, California,
will proceed to the Philippine Islands on
the transport Zealandia.
REPUBLICANS
CLEAR GROUND
Continued from Fifth Page.
men, to say whether he Is entitled to be
Police Judge or not. Judge Low is above
reproach. He is a long resident of this
city and county. He was twice elected
to the office he aspires to and will be
elected u.^aln if he receives your nomina
tion. I hope you will consider your friend
and my friend and place Charles A. Ix>w
in nomination."
T. W. Dennis, J. K. C. Hobbs, P. L.
"vVaibel. L. A. Gibbons and Max Goldberg:
seconded the nomination and attested to
Judge Low's worth as a citizen and a
man.
The rpatter was then closed and the re
port of the committee on Police Judges
was read by the secretary. It was as
follows:
Yi.\ir committee appointed to consider the
qualifications of candidates for nomination for
the office of Police Judge foo^s leave to report:
The committee has had Beveral sessions, at
the first of which a large number of candidates
appt ;ired before it and were interrogated as to
their qualifications under the provisions of the
new charter, and also a* to various other mat
ters touching their experience, etc.
After hearing the candidate! the committee
next went Into executive session and decided
to recommend to the caucus the names of the
following gentlemen from which tg select its
four nominees for the ofllco of Police Judges of
this city and county, namely:
W. G. Hritton. L. G. Carpenter, H. L.. Joach
imsen. James L. Xagle, E. M. Seaman, Wil
liam C. Tait.
Amors' the candidates who appeared before
the committee were Judge Thomas F. Graham
and Frank L.. Klngwell. The committee, alter
Investigation, finds that neither of the last two
named gentlemen puss-esses the qualifications
prescribed by the new charter for Police
Judges. Respectfully submitted.
GEORGE W. SCHKLti. Chairman.
At the conclusion of the reading of the
report Delegate Hoyne called attention to
the absence of Messrs. Brittain and Tate,
and said something scathing about it.
I^eon E. Prescoit was next recognized and
created all kinds of excitement by mov
ing that the report he laid on the table,
and Impolitically asserting that he did not
think the report was an honest one. This
was like placing a red rag before the com
mittee, and Edmond Tauszky clamored for
the chairman's attention, and on getting
it said he rose to a question of privilege.
In a voice of passion he said no man had
a right to say that the report was not a
fair and honest one. Ho yelled that he
was a member of that committee and no
one had a right to make such a state
ment. He concluded his heated remarks
by saying that it was discourteous to
place it on the table and hoped it would
be voted down.
I. J. Truman Jr.. another member of
the committee, arose and said it was
treating the committee unfairly by at
tacking it. He said that it Prescott was
an honorabb- man he would apologize for
his remarks, as they were unfair, unman
ly and unjust. He insinuated that he had
heard candidates eulogized to-night who
w.Te unworthy to receive the nomination.
People had mmc to him and told him
things he never knew until he was placed
on the committee. He said he did not
dare mention the names of the unworthy
candidates because they might be nomi
nated and elected and he might appear
before them some day and be at their
mercy.
Chairman Keliogg paid he was sure Mr.
Erescott would apologize, and that young
man in bis own defense said he bad no
Intention of casting a personal reflection
on the committee. He then went on to
give his reasons- for asking that the mat
ter be laid on the table. The motion to
lay it on the table was then put. but was
overwhelmingly lost. A motion for a re
cess of ten minutes was also lost.
Attorney Sargent moved that during the
vote each delegate stand up and call his
vote. This was also lost. W. 11. Hazel!
moved that the report be taken up for the
purpose of discussion. This motion met
with the raine fate.
Judge Bchell was called upon to make a
further report, he being chairman of the
committee on Police Judges. If- said he
was unprepared to make a report, as he
did not exoect any such opposition, as his
committee was appointed on the unani
mous vote of the caucus. He said he had
no objection to either Judge Graham or
Mr. Kingwell. He said he took it that the
Republican party intended indorsing the
new charter and for that very reason he
was willing to carry out Its provisions.
He believed the section prescribing that
candidates for Police Judge should have
practiced their profession five years up
to the time they were candidates for of
lice was constitutional. He then went on
to explain the reasons why he believed it
so and Delegate McMartin called the
chairman's attention to the fact that
Judge Schell was called upon for an ex
planation of the report and not an argu
ment. The. chair thought the delegates
needed all the light possible on the sub
ject and did not reprove the sppaker. L.
L. Solomons concurred in what Judge
Schell said.
Delegate Sargent asked that the nom
inations be reopened and this being
granted no placed William G. Brittain in
nomination. A vote was then taken and
183 votes were cast. Of this number Gra
ham received 106, Nagle UK. Carpenter
127, Joachimsen 124, Seamen 79, Britiaii.
47, Low 107.
Carpenter, Low, Nagle and Joachimsen
having received the highest votes were
declared the nominees of the caucus
The next order of business was the re
port of the committee on Supervisors
chairman Fields asked for more time and
told of the efforts the committee was
making to secure men who would carry
weight in the community and who would
be acceptable to the voters of this city
and county. He stated that the pros
pective candidate for Mayor on the Re
publican ticket had been invited by the
committee to aid it, and that he had been
with them the whole day giving advice
The caucus granted the committee
further time to report.
When the delegates ascertained that
the committee on Supervisors would not
be ready to report until Wednesday even-
Ing, it was decided to adjourn the caucus
until that time.
Wallace Bradford moved that the ques
tion of county committee selection be de
ferred until Wednesday evening. The
motion prevailed.
The subject may be introduced in the
convention tn-nij-'ht. In event of introduc
tion the caucus delegates will vote as a
unit against consideration. The chair
man, at the suggestion of Delegate Brad
ford, explained that such was the moan
ing of the motion to defer the selection
of the county committee until Wednesday
evening.
Delegates were advised that the con
vention would assemble at Odd Fellows'
Hall this evening at 8 o'clock. To-n!fjht
credentials will be required.
The caucus adjourned until Wednes
day evening.
The committee on Supervisors hold a
prolonged session yesterday. Horace Da
vip, whose nomination for Mayor will
probably be made by acclamation to
night, gave the committee the benefit of
his ludgmcnl.
Another session of the committee will
be held this afternoon. Republican lead
ers predict that an excellent ticket for Su
pervisors will be presented.
To Entertain Montanans.
OAK lan l', Oct 2.— A meeting was held
to-night to arrange for the entertainment
of the Montana Regiment. This regim. Nt
furnished the shaaq battle in this city
on the Fourth of July of last year. Su
pervisor Mitchell was chosen chairman
and ''raigie Sharp secretary. The follow
ing committees were appointed: Parade
and transportation— Ex-Mayor Thomas
i". Iff. Farw.il. Frank Mott, R. M. Clem
ent, Dr. E. .1. Leonard. Finance— John V
Britton, John Mitchell, A. 11. Breed. En
tertainment—P. M. Fisher, Mayor R. W.
Snow. Miss Mollie Connors. Refreshment
—Fred Sinclair and J. W. H. Sohst.
The Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul's
annual statement shows that $62,182 was
expended in internal revenue stamp taxes
during .the year.
A LULL IN THE
SENDING AWAY
OF TRANSPORTS
No More Departures
Until Thursday.
PENNSYLVANIA DUE SOON
BIG FLEET OF GRAIN CARRIERS
ARRIVE IN PORT.
Gold From Nushagak River Brought
Down on the Indiana — One of
the lowa's Boats Cap-
Bizes in th« Bay.
There Is a lull at the transport wharf
just now. The sailing of the Charles Nel
son and Glenogle last Sunday finished up
a great deal of work, but the rush will
be on again in a few days. The New
port, Pennsylvania and Tartar should ar
rive from Manila this week, while the
Valencia, Zealandia and City of Para are
scheduled to sail Thursday. About 6Uoo men
all told will arrive and depart. The Para
will take away a regiment and another
will go on the Zealandia and Valencia.
The Newport, Tartar and Pennsylvania
will bring home about two regiments be
tween them. The Pennsylvania with the
Washington boys left Yokohama on Sep
tember IS and should get here to-morrow
or Thursday. The Glenogle, which sailed
away Sunday, took away the material for
twenty-five miles of railroad. Down In
the Philippines Uncle Sam only controls
about thirty miles of the road out of Ma
nila. Another road Is to be constructed
Into the heart of the enemy's country,
and this will give General Otis two bases
of operation. It is the material for this
road that the Glonogle is carrying.
There is no change in the boilermak
crs' strike. The men still insist upon
eight hours' work and ten hours' pay on
the transports and the contractors will
not give more than ten hours' pay for
nine hours' work. The locked-out men
have held a number of meetings, but
nothing was decided upon except to hold
out to the bitter end.
The bay presents a very different ap
pearance just now to what It did a week
ago. At that time there were very few
grain ships in the bay; now there are a
round dozen of them. Since Saturday
afternoon there have arrived the Fair
port from Puget Sound, Arthur Fltger
trom Antwerp, Inversnald from Swansea,
Valkyrie from Cardiff, Sainte Anne from
Swansea, Province from Liverpool, Ra
hane from Newcastle. Eng., Invercauld
from Swansea, Pytbomtne from Ham
burg, Austrasia from Newcastle, Eng.,
Cambroune from Swansea and Silberhorn
from Antwerp. Chief Wharfinger Hen
derson and Assistant Chief Dryden have
b< en kept busy getting berths for the
fleet. Some of them are still unprovided
for and will have to remain in the stream
until there Is a vacancy at some of the
wharves.
The Silberhorn, which arrived yester- !
day, made a good run of 121 days from |
Antwerp. On July 27 William Sundstrom, |
an able seaman, died of consumption and
was buried ai si-a. The captain of the
Bilberhorn reports an uneventful voyage.
One of the lowa's boat crews got a duck
ing yesterday. All the boats were out for
Balling drill, and as one of them, contain
ing a cockswain and six men, attempted
to tack around the battleship the tide
carried the boat down under the lowa's
boom and she was overset. Some of the
men swam to the gangway and got
aboard, while the others were picked up j
by the launch. The boat was afterward
righted and hoisted aboard.
The ship Indiana arrived from the can- \
neries yesterday. She brought down a
very large cargo and over 500 fishermen
and Chinese. During the voyage three of |
the Chinese died. Two of them were 1
burled at sea, but the third was put in
pickle and brought to San Francisco.
Captain Verry of the Indiana says that
gold was discovered on the Nusha.tr ik '
River while he was up there. He brought
down a small quantity of gold and a few
nuggets that were washed out of the sand. •
X- \r spring he is going to the district to >
do some prospecting, as he thinks there !
is a good digging there waiting to be
i ipened up.
Fair's yacht Lucero is to be towed to
Antloch to-day. Her owner is up the river
on a hunting trip, and the Lucero will be
used as an ark by him and his companions j
during their outing.
MINISTERS MEET
IN WEEKLY SESSION
At the Congregational ministers' meet-
Ing yesterday morning Rev. Edgar H.
Libby of Chicago read a paper on
"Preaching of To-day and Preaching for
To-day." He made a plea for evangelical
preaching of the old Gospel. He said the
tendency of to-day was toward the beati
flcation of humanity and not the beatifica
tion of Jesus Christ. He was opposed to
this and desired that ministers should re
turn to the old methods.
The forty-third annual meeting of the
Congregational General Association of
California, which has not been held here
for some years, will take place In the
First Congregational Church on October
24 and will bo in session until the 27th inst.
Rev. J. R. Knowdell will preach the an
nual sermon.
Rev. M. H. Alexander read a paper at
the Methodists' weekly meeting on "The
Plan of Salvation." In the general discus
sion of the subject the following took
part: Revs. E. Simmonds, S. M. Wood
ward, Chaplain Macomber, E. Dennett,
F. D. Bovard, Clopper and W. S. T'rmy.
The following officers were elected for the
ensuing term: President, Rev. T. H.
Woodward; vice president. Rev. John
Stephens; secretary and treasurer, Rev.
Mr Richardson. Programme committee-
Rev. E. M. Hill, Rev. S. M. Woodward
and Rev. M. H. Alexander.
A little more than lifty years ago a few
workmen of Rochdale, England, joined
together to purchase a sack of flour and
a chest of tea. That was the beginning
of a co-operative movement which now
Includes ffK>o societies, with a total mem
bership of 1,000,000.
LISTED
ON THE
OIL EXCHANGE
Our company is listed on the Cal-
ifornia Oil Exchange. There is
money in oil stock If you make your
investment with the right com-
pany. Let us explain to you why
•we claim "our offer" second to no
other. We court the closest Inves-
tigation. Information received
daily from the famous Kern River
district.
Our offer of stock nt 50 CENTS
per share holds good only until Oc-
tober 6.
l'amphlet and map for the asking.
Stock non-assessable.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open evenings from 7 to 8 o'clock.
* ♦
I "ALL THE WORLDS A STAGE." %
* Al ill th t the he WO^ 8 a a nd tt ag. g ■MMMMMIiMMMMIHMNi In 156117 f
"j* merely players; • ♦ ? With eyes severe and beard of ijy
jt They have their exits and their * y^"^ formal cut, ,3»
<»• entrances; % ff \'ra^ * Full of wlse saws and modern " %5r
*And one man in his time plays «> M A % instances; £2»
j many parts, * m ik'SbSl ♦ •A- 11^ so he plays his part. The ;*
4* His acts being seven ages. At £ fiffl&t. «^s^sij\i^^v * sixth age shifts *?►
V. first the Infant. % I^X27 'wfWix t Into the lean and slippered pan- 2
Mewling and puking in his * Wl *^ *&Ui?M- I taloon, *?'
j^ nurse's arms. <S> L,j) >%BS£_v\ * With spectacles on nose and /*
<? And then the whining school- X&ivgn Wa&^tt * pouch on side;
J& boy, with his satchel % //\^in** jx&'Tlji . % His youthful hose, well saved, a $2»
& And shining morning face, <$> // \ %s jag^ ■/ 7/ * world too wide ;*
& creeping like snail * // \ 9^S^^ ! A~=j/ ♦ For his shrunk shank; and his
_^ Unwilling to school. And then % /^SaiwiseiEsisk^-^ /Jbt*>. $ bi?> manly voice, &
•j"* the lover, t jrTf££Z&32&f&sh^ y j£&§g&'&& J- Turning again toward childish tjT
* Sighing like furnace, with a * o*™)ss* ' t '^fH^^yT^ ♦ treble pipes /*
woeful ballad <8> f^wW§zM?lWds\\ttlMF/t AMsSS * And whistles in his sound. Last
A Made to his mistress' eyebrow. % y^%\W^(JS<!Ww/fA^^ $ scene of all. A.
♦; Then the soldier, 2 A&WW&(l BOw mffhSzsZ!r 'I That ends this strange eventful 2
J& Full of strange oaths and I /flwtli lff M/fiffi?i^^ I history, *
t: bearded like the pard * I 'i^ft'.l W) r-'iinßXlEzv'^SoN * Is second childishness and mere .;♦
-gj Jealous in honor, sudden and S mlwH' ' !I *V,^« ¥ I » oblivion
jk quick in quarrel, $ £v/\ ' % /mw ! -Siv*! « Sans teeth, Bans eyes, sans $£,
V Seeking the bubble reputation * "<* rx * {> M>V \\ <£ taste, sans everything. j~
* E I e nd the^the^jusuce 8 , m ° Uth }**«***♦*»♦«.*»»********«*♦*** -; A ce S ne ?. U Llke It '" Act ll > *
*■ t
I fl ■ B on B ea I
* ' ♦
! FOR THE PEOPLE, j
* With the beginning of the Autumn-Winter term, Monday,
* October 16th, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL will present a series *
*of popular studies in SHAKESPEARE. We promise an attract- *
% ive course. The plays to be read will be presented in the
J; following order:
4 /. Loves Labor Lost 5. As You Like It &
<%
* 2. Comedy of Errors. 6. Othello. &
% * 6
g 5. A7/7# Richard 111. 7. King Lear. <>
x 4. The Taming of the Shrew. 8. Coriolanus.
0 SHAKESPEARE is for everybody— the salesman, the mechanic, 0
0 the farmer, the professional man, the busy housewife — quite as <•>
$ much as for the student in school or college. Shakespeare i
9 study means culture and culture is as much the right and privi- 0
0 lege of one section of the community as of another. THE %
X HOME STUDY CIRCLE is glad to bring the beneficent in- $
? fluences of Shakespeare study within the reach of the great 0
* masses of the people. The following distinguished Shakes- #
«| peare scholars will contribute the studies: %
I* 1
1 EDWARD DOWDEN, Litt, D,, D. C, L, LL. 0,, Professor of Literature, Dublin University. t
I t
I WILLIAM J. ROLFE, Litt. D. 9 Editor Harper Bros. Shakespeare Edition. t
I HIRAM GORSON, LL. D,, Professor of Literature, Cornell University. I
% HAMILTON W. MABIE, Associate Editor of " The Outlook." I
« ALBERT S. COOK, Ph. D., LL. D.. Professor of Literature, Yale University. |
« ISAAC N. DEMMON, LL D. 9 Professor of Literature, University of Michigan. %
f *
t *
I 1 In addition to the leading studies by these widely known Shakes- #
« peare scholars there will be special side-studies by Professor Yida f
| D, Scudder of Wellesley College, Professor Edwin Mims of Trinity |
| College, Durham, N. C; Professor Joseph V. Denney of Ohio State «
University, Dr. William P. Reeves of the University of lowa, Pro- 1
* fessor. T. M, Parrott of Princeton University, Professor Lucius A. |
* Sherman of the University of Nebraska and others. It is safe to i
| predict that this will be the most remarkable literary presentation f
I of Shakespeare ever attempted in this country. Newspaper readers *
* who fail to follow or preserve the studies will lose an opportunity I
I of a lifetime. |
I — |
I Free of Charge===A 32 Page Booklet, Handsomely Illustrated, |
I «
1 It tells all about the Home Study Circle and the pro- |
I gramme of studies for the coming term. Mailed on request. |
* • *
% Address Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call, San Francisco, Gal. %
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower. Nciv York Exchange weaker.
W) ica i contin es to a Iva ice wider increasing business.
■,;ts firm, but quiet.
( ' Rye dull and unchanged.
van'ced. Hay depressed under heavy receipts.
uns declining. Onions lozver.
tables about the same.
changes in fresh and pickled Butter. Eggs advancing.
ivith high prices.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Peaches and Plums scarce. Wine Grapes easier.
Limes scarce and higher.
Dried Peaches still advancing. Olher Fruits unchanged.
Previsions stand as before.
Meat market unchang
Decreased coinage of the local Mint.
Charters.
Th^ J. P. Bpreckels loads merchandise for
Honolulu.
The Pt. Nicholas loada coal at . Departure
King loads lumber on the Sound for
|*TiWnllow?nE vessels were chartered prior to
initrta^ Europe: Arthur Fitgerand.
PMntv AnVe\ Ms: Valkyrie. Rf^jl^™
cauld and Inversnaid. S^s 6d; cambrunne.
British Isles is chartered for wheat to
ffiiSi Forth loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 2.".5.
Coinage of the Mint.
The coinage of the local Mint In September
■was $4 r,o:> 000. ngainst $7,465,250 in September,
I*?* nnd consisted of $3.000, W0 In double eagles,
MSOIOOO in eagles, *925,000 in half-cAgles. $i.s.
-000 in dollars and $22,000 in dimes. The 1 coin
age thus far this calendar year is ;c<,m.,<sm,.
against $45.303,732 _in_,lS3s.
Stocks of Grain.
;
Trrvduco Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain on wharf nd in ware
house October 1 as follows, in tons:
W1 ! EAT \
Port Costa. Stockton^ City.
feertember 1 96.453 51.524 1.339
October 1 138.610 TG.tiW 1.55.
BARLEY—
'I'ort Costa. Stockton. City.
g2&*[±::::::£S S3 IS
■
Oats. Corn. Bran.
September 1 2.552 '^0 Si>
October 1 4.030 120 40
Receipts in September were 34.977 tons Bar
ley, 423'J do Outs, 305 do Corn and 134S do Bran.
Neu " mey Market.
INDICATIONS THAT IT .IS WORKING
AROUND TO A BETTER CONDITION.
The circular of Henry Clews says: "The po-
Bltlon of the market, in respect to certain ad
verre factors, shows a tendency toward Im
provement. The recovery of two ami a half
millions In the surplus reserves of the banks,
in spite of still free shipments of currency to
the interior and an excess' of $3,720,000 in re
ceipts over payments at the Sub^Treasury for
the week, is a hopeful symptom. It shows that
the banks have got the situation under control
and without any violence to their Wall-street
customers beyond a sharp discrimination
cgainst certain industrial collaterals. Also, the
tone of the London market is more settled,
though there is no abatement in the chances for
•war with the Boers; which is an indication that
the warlike contingencies have been already
largely discounted there, leaving bo much less
disturbance to arise on the actual outbreak of
hostilities. London, Paris and Berlin are keep-
Ing a sharp eye on thu maintenance of their
rtocks of gold and tnay be expected to do all
In their pawer to prevent shipments to this
country.. And yet our exports are so large thai
the foreign banks must calculate upon having
to ship the metal to New York in free volume
at no distant day. With a steady increase in
the supply of grain and cotton bills and the
current great ..disparity in 'money rates between
New York and London, it is not impossible
tbat a- few days may bring thq rate (or ster
. ling exchange to figures that will admit of our
Importing Bold. This need not necessarily be
'un occasion of alarm to London. Within the
last two years we have had abundant evidence
thut a large debtor balance to the United
■States- may be attended with an absence of im
ports of . gold to this coutry. It is not likely
tfiat our bunks would care to be flooded with
foreign supplies of the metal. Their chief im
mediate concern is to Bee the present stringency
.relieved through the strengthening of their ab
normally low reserves. As above shown, they
are already gaining control over that element in
their position: and, in view of the unusally
large stocks of money in the interior, it would
not be surprising ii the reflux of currency from
the West s>t In earlier than usual— the more
to because the Western purchases of merchan
dise at the East have this season exceeded all
precedent. Under these circumstances, it is not
inconceivable that a moderate Importation of
■ gold— say $15,000,000— might be regarded by the
metropolitan banks as better serving their ln
[■terests th.-in a lanjor volume. 'With the re
turn of. bay, {30,000,000 of currency from tii>?
Interior ami the receipt of J15.000.000 of gold
from Europe, the reserves would be restored
to a coiulli.on compatible with steady ease, and
their Interests would bo better served by ad
vancing against foreign exchange and permit
ting gold to remain among our Kuropean cus
tomcrF than by encouraging the shipment of the
metal hith?r and. forcing stringency abroad at
the cost of crippling purchases of our products
and forcing an unnatural r.-turn of our securi
ties. These factors suggest a probability thai
we 'are approaching the end of acute stringency
Jn the money market and show that the pro
. cess of recovery is likely to prove a steady and
euro one."
Weather Report
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2, 1899 5 p. m.
Th* fallowing maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka COjSan Diego 6S
Fresno SO Sacramento S2
Iy>s Angelas 76 , Independence ..7:
lied Bluff .■ 84|Yuma 94
Ban Lius Obispo . . 75 j
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
7C; minim f.C; mean. C 6.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains, except
.California and Southern Arizona. Cold, clear
•weather prevails over the country between the
Bterroa an 1 the Rocky Mountains. Froat i» re
ported this morning from Halt Lake City. Over
Southern Nevada and Southern Utah the tem
perature lias fallen 10 degrees or more. In the
Pacrainento Valley there haa been a rise of
about If degrees.
A maximum wind velocity of 32 miles per
luuir from the north I* reported at Eureka.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 3, 3899: .
Fcr N< rthern California— Fair Tuesday: In
creasing rluudiness Tuesday night; wanner in
the San Joniuin Valley: fresh northerly winds
For Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday
lipht northerly winds.
For Nevada— Pair Tuesday; warmer.
For Utah — Fair Tuesday; warmer.
. For Arizona— Fair Tuesday; colder In north
ern portion.
For Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tues
day; cooler with fog In the afternoon; south
erly, changing to westerly, wind."
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The stock market had
to fnc» this morning an accumulated .depres
rlon of three days' trading on a sagging mar
ket In Ijomlon while the exchange was closed
here. The drop In prices at the opening was
h. wide one, numerous railroad stocks showing
a loss of a point or over and Tennessee Coal
showing an extreme decline of seven point.'-.
The locai traders were inclined to feel that
London was unduly depressed, especially with
reference to American securities, and they
6tarted to bid prices up again. The first loan
of the day was made, at 6 per cent and this
•nccuragcd an optimistic view of the jroney
outlook. The rally was short-lived and the
couise was quite consistently downward for
the rest o£ he (.lay. A Eharp advance in the
coalers on the advance In the rest of the
anthracites was ineffectual to check the ■!■■
dlnes. London sold nut only during the first
hour, but as lung as ortlces there were open
fur business. Liquidation from that source
! reached between 40,000 ami £0,000 shurey. The
violent decline in British consols had an Im
portant sentimental effect, although it was
afterward explained that this was partly due
to the expectation of a new issue, Hut the
new issue is as significant of the practical
certainty of war as any Incident that has
thus far occurred, bo that the explanation did
not afford relief to the stock market depres
sion. The sharp rise In London discount rates
caused an advance of &j of a cent in the
actual rate for demand sterling here and had
an equally marked effect <in the sterling ex
change late both at Berlin and Paris. This
derelopment is equivalent to notice that I. m
don is not prepared to part with more gold
to New York without making every possible
effort to prevent It. Ixing sterling was weak
on selling against sterling loans. The local
money rate quickly moved upward when the
renewal of loans carried over from last Thurs
day bepan to influence the market. The call
'•■ ana rate was carried up t<i 17 per cent, while
the money market was still In lull activity.
It was then rushed up to 30 per cent, after
which there were violent fluctuations down
to 10 per cent and up again to 35 per nt, at
which rate the last loan of the day was made.
The closing was 30 bid and 33 asked. None
of the expected relief to the money market
was In slsht to-day. The developments in
London lessen the ability of further gold
Imports and the condition of New York ex
chinpe at Interior points Indicates a continu
ance of the demand for funds from that
source. Money left in the city by the visitors
to the Dewey celebration was not In evidence
In Wall street, though much had been said
of this prospect of ■ lief by the speculative
■contingent. The sub-treasury has pained nearly
J1, 500,000 from the market since Friday. Money
peemed to be in supply at the higher rate from
the proceeds of time loans road* some time
as:o. but the loaning resources of the banks
arc evidently usted at present.
The decline In prices wns made without any
evidence of demoralization, but last pries
were the lowest. Net I ■-•-■••• In the. railroads
.are quite renerally between 1 nnd 2 :>olnts.
nnd the selling was well distributed through
the list. Antony the leading specialties losses
ranged from 2 to ."•*;, the latter for Sugar.
The bond mnrk?t was not active, hut was
wrak In sympnthv with stocks. Total sale«
par value. Jl.2nn.cofi.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bld
2,610 Atchison 19%
7.120 Atchison prefd ......'. 614
Sl5 Baltimore. & Ohio **■'.
(.'ana I'aciiic „ 87%
100 Canada Southern 524
. GCO Central Pacific r.64
2..",f«p Chesapeake & Ohio 24%
2.500 Obiongo Great Western i; 1 .
10.062 Chicago Burlington ct Quincy 128%
' 500 Chicago Ind >t Louisville 10
Chicago [nd & Louisville prefd 43
ion Chicago & Eastern Illinois 91
100 Chicago & Northwestern 1654
4,07'j Chicago Rook Island & Pacific 11""»
576 C. C C & St Louis 54'
SOU Colorado Southern 5
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 154
972 Kelaware <t Hudson 1214
2.<w Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. lS7'*.
1,300 Denver & Rio Grande 20%
IJhO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73
110 Kri^< 12%
1.450 Krie Ist prefd 34%
I.OCu Great Northern prefd 161%
Hocking Coal 17 "
Hocking Valley 32
1,000 Illinois Central 111%
K!5 lowa Central II
200 lowa Central prefd 57
110 Kansas City Piltshurg & Gulf 8
'100 Lake Erie & Western 19%
100 Lake Krie .'-• Western prefd 76
Lake Shore prefd 205
10,300 Louisville & Nashville 76
9,040 Manhattan Elevated 106%
6,675 Metropolitan Street Railway 1944
1,200 Mexican Central 33%
Minneapolis & St Louis 71
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
2,200 Missouri Partlic 43
Mobile & Ohio 44
Missouri Kansas & Texas 1254
400 Missouri Kansas .>.- Texas prefd.... 38
1,300 New Jersey Central 11*4
2,2f10 New York Central 133
1.650 Norfolk & Western 82%
l,fi f iri Norfolk & Western prefd 67%
10.E60 them Pacific 30V4
1,070 Northern Pacific prefd 73Vs
3,Cr,0 Ontario & Western 24 .
Ores Railway & Nay 414
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 70
1,500 Pennsylvania 130',i
1.073 Reading 2B'«.
10,930 Reading Ist prefd r.C} g
2,670 Reading . ; prefd 304
Rio Grande Western 374
Rio Grande Western prefd 77%
310 St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69
COO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd S6Vi
200 St Louis Southwestern 14
2. C00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 34
21,520 Pt Paul ex dlv 122%
St Paul ;■;■ fd : 175
St Paul & Omaha 122
10,750 Southern Pacific 3>;'*
2.150 Southern Railway 11%
4.CC.0 Southern Railway prefd 60
100 Texas & Pacific 18%
10.1S1 Union Pacific 42V
4,910 Union Pacific prefd 754
200 Wabash 7*4
220 Wabash prefd 21*,
2.4 M Wheeling & Lake Erie ll r ',
1,630 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... 30%
200 Wisconsin Central 15
!• C C .v St Louis 724
Express Companies-
Adams 114
American : 147
United States 50
Wells Fargo '. 130
400 American Cotton Oil 42>4
American Cotton Oil prefd 934
200 American Malting 16%
American Malting "prefd 664
345 American Smelting and Refining... 36
400 American Smelting and Ref prefd.. St>4
100 American Spirits :,\
American Spirits prefd 30%
2,(;',0 American Steel Hoop 42%
WO American Steel Hoop prefd 84
2.500 American Steel and Wire ... i v
COO American Steel and Wire prefd 'j4
200 American Tin Plate 38%
523 American Tin Plate prefd Ss'4
2,225 American Tobacco 117
American Tobacco prefd 145
5,005 Anaconda Mining Co 4S?',
4.7C0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 88f
1,(25 Conorado Fuel and Iron 54%
2,685 Continental Tobacco 40%
1.4r,n Continental Tobacco prefd 914
-7.743 Federal Steel r,i->,
1,425 Federal Steel prefd 77'
100 General Electric 118
1,425 Glucose Sugar 60%
100 Glucose Sucar prefd 105
COO International Paper Jjg«
KiO Do prefd 73
'■' <> Laclede Gn* ' 65
550 National Circuit 4:,
National Bii lit prefd 95U
ISO National Lead 28' i
300 National T,<>Rd prefd 110
035 National Steel 50%
National Steel prefd " 95
IK) New York Air Brake 184
2,500 North American 12U.
..; Pacific ast 4514
Pacific Coast Ist prefd .'."!! 82
Pacific 'Const 2d prefd ' 64
Pacific Mall Sa/
7,580 People's Gas " 'io7«
SOO Pressed Steel Car -,-,;_
Prised Pteel Car prefd.....*..."!!"! 8S "
M 9 Pullman Palace Car .175%
: 300 Standard Rope and Twine CMi
'50.H25 Sugar 1371
Susrar prefd 115
6.070 Tennesse Coal and Iron Ill 1
7.400 United States Leather wt.
B.SBO United States Leather prefd 7^l.
500 United States Rubber 4fii2
T'nlted States Rubber prefd 114 "
237 Western Union R7«
.'in Republic Iron and Steel 26'
• ' 210 Republic Iron and Steel prefd 70
405,100 total Eales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
CLOBINO BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100% M X £ T 20a (S3
IT S 3s reg 107-. M X & T 4s 93
V S 3a coupon 10SUJN V Out Ists 11 1 ;
U S new Is reg 130 N.l Cent Ken 55. ..120
V s new 4s coupon. l3.l N Carolina Us 127
V S old 4a reg 111. N Carolina is 1")
US eld 4s coupon.. t N Pacific lsts 113
U s l 8 reg in-, N Pacific Sa 6.*.'.^
V s fls coupon 1 1 1 - a i Northern Pap 45.. 101%
Hist of Cal 3655. ...117 N V C & St L 45. 103
Alabama class A..10S IN & VV con 4a '.'2 1 -;
Alabama class I! 108 N& W Ren Gs 135
Alabama class C..102 >> Nay lsts 118
Alabama Currency. IO Nay 4s 102 y^
Atchlson gen 45.... 99^!Or Short L. 65. ....127
Atchison adj 4s SC% 0 S Line con r ) 5...113' l i
Canada S 2ds 109 ! Reading Gen 45.... 86V4
Chos & Ohio 4---S. 85% R >; \V Ims M
Chea & Ohio Da....11S is L. & I M con 68.103%
C& N W cons 7s. 145 S X.& SiF Ben 124 '•;
C & N \v S F d 5a 120 .SI Paul con 175
Chic-auo Term 45... 97 Bt PC & P — 121
D & R<: lsts 103 St l 1 C& P 55.. 120%
D .<- H <: 4s 00%) Southern Ry 85.~r.-.10514
i: Tenn.Va.tC, lstslO3 'Stand It & T C 5.... S3'i
Erie Gen 4* 70"i ! Term new sot Ss... 04
F W A D lsts.... 7:. Tex ft Pac 1at5....11j
Gen Elect Es 116 Tex A Pac 2 Is. ... 56
■: 11 & B AGs 10S Union Pac 4s 103' /4
C H & S A 2d5....10S Wabash lsts 115
n & T Cent 5a....1in»i Wabash ids 112 Vi
If &T C con Cb.. 11l Wla Cent ista (8
lowa Cent lsts .. 114*4 Va Centuries ?b
X C P & a l>is... 71' !Va Deferred 6
La new con 45....10' i Colo ft Sou 43 »•>
U & N unified 43..100141
MINING BTOCKB.
fhollar 30|Dntarlo "
Crown Point 15i0phir I '"
ron ("a! & Va 1 4" Plymouth OS
Pead'.vcod 7" ksllvi r 2 Of)
(!.Miii & Curry.... 20 do prefd 750
Hale & Norc.ross.. 26 Sierra Nevada «3
Hciiiipstake 65 00 Standard 3 20
Iron Silver 53il'n1on Con 35 I
Mexican 37Ye11..w Jacket .... ■ 2S |
BOSTON .STOCKS AND BONDS.
Honey— I'nion Land ' fi l /^
Pall loans :■ :•• Wrst End 94
Tim- 1 loans offG do >refd 113
Stocks— Westinfrh Elec ....47
At.hison 19» 4 do prefd 68
do prefd 6P- Bonds-
Am Sugar 138 Atchlaon 4s 99*4
do rrefd 117 Mining shares—
Fell Telephone 311 Adventure 7
1 B ton & Albany.2so Allouez Mm C 0.... ■ ■'*
Boston Elevated.. 1 ■'"■ Atlantic 29
Boston & Maine. .l 99 Boston & Mont. 310
Clt & Q 128% But te & 805t0n.... 73
Ed Elec 111 208 rnluniet <t Hecla..79r>
Fitchburg prefd. IT. 123 Centennial 32V4
General Elec 119 I Franklin ....■ 19 •■
do rrefd 13S jHumboldt Hi
Fed Steel BHl|Osceola Si
do prefd 77 Parrot 47%
Mich Cent 13% Qulncy "5
Mich Telephone... los Banta Fe Copper.. 12
Old Colony -'"> Tamarack 220
Old Dominion ....33 Wlnona ;
Rubber 4GV4 Wolverines «
L'nion Pacific 42 l ,ilL'tah 39
New York Money Market.
NEW Y< IRK n,-t. 2.— Money ™ call, unset
tled at I '..' ■ per cent; lnsi loan. 35 p p r c«-nt.
i per cent fcter
lin< exchange Irregular with actual business
In bankers 1 billa at $4 85%®4 86V4 tor demand
and Jl '\'/l^l for sixty days. Posted ratea.
. . ; i •..:..• rclal bills.
$4 Socs4 fOVi. Silver certltlcatfis, 59@53Vsc Bar
silver BS%c Mexican dollars, 47' 4 r. Govern
. State bonds, Inactive; rail
: ... t ...
London Market.
NETW YORK, Oct. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser*a London financial cablegram Bays:
' The ■ " • were heavy throughout the
n to-day, Influenced by the war appre
hensions and dearer money. ■ ■•■l l 1 *
t.. 106% U:.- contango «ti!l ruling at the ex
: cepti< iiallj high rate i nt.
•; he Bank ' '•' ll ;l " icet -
Ing but did not advance the minimum dis
rate, Croni which it Is inferred that the
■•■nt will remain until
lay. The ir.arkci rate for bills ruled
t •.•-..•,! for those maturing within the year,
beyond that time ! : V"-'> waa asked. The bank
ciiscounted short bills at i, long bills at 4'A
ai 5 per cent. The Una]
rat.- was '.'■'■■ Thf call rate ranged n in 3V4
. to 5 a good deal being put out »t the latter
i figure. Americana began weak, hardened
slightly on receipt of New fork prices, but
i finally Lgaln. Spanish 4? were i>" I*.1 *.
ex-dlvidend; Tintos, 44%. Gold to the amount
i.f £240,000 was • export an.] ■ ■
in ba ight. Part of the last
arrival was taken at 77s 9d. The Lazards in
Paris have .just Bhlpped £2 0.000 ror New York.
It Is thought here that mure will follow. Ine
Bank of Belgium has raised its discount rate
: 4 per ."lit. The copper fort- ,
nightly statistics show Btocks decreased 149 D
tons, supplies decreased 3199.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct 2. Canadian Pacific 91^:
Union Pacific preferred, 7^: Northern Pacific
76; Grand Trunk, ~\; Ana.
Bar Silver, flat, 26 i;-l6d. Money. 3V4
jjer cent.
New York drain and Produce.
NEW YORK Oct. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts. 28,
-463: exports, 20,159. Fairly active and stronger.
Minnesota i a.tents, S3 95®4 15.
WHEAT -Receipts, 370.577; exports, 59,165.
Spot— No. 2 red, 78% c f. o. b. afloat spot;
No 1 Northern DulUth, 82% C f. o. b. afloat to
arrive (new); No. 1 hard Duluth. BS^c to ar
rive Options llrrn'er at an advance of He on
favorable cables and moderate foreign buying,
further advanced about Ie on covering, follow
llic increased speculative demand front outside
sources and a smaller visible supply Increase
than exnected Closed linn at net advance of
vfm\c May, BO 13 IC®S2C. closed B2c; October.
76%®76%c, closed 7U%c; December, 78<U7ac,
closed 79c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOL—
METALS -Interest In the metal market was
not alert to-day, nor were there significant
changes in quotations, the single exception be
ing tin which fell 62%©85 points under a sud
den withdrawal of buyers and heavy offerings,
the latter inspired by disappointing news from
abroad and the West. Spelter showed some de
gre- of strength, but was Inactive. At the
clofe the Metal Exchange called:
IMG IRON Warrants, dull ana nominal at
$18
COPPER— Lake, dull at $18 50.
TlN— Lower and dull, With $32 bid and $32 50
aS LEAD— Quiet, with $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $5 30 bid and $5 40
The' brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper SIS .■nii'S'lS 50.
COFFEE— Options, while showing fair activ
-1 ity throughout the day, varied little from the
opening figures, which were unchanged to five
points lower. Bales, 21,250 bags, including Oe
ber $4 la©4 20; November, $4 25; December,
$4 50- January, $4 £5; February, $4 70; March.
M 70&4 75: May, $4 85; June, $4 90: July, $4Bo@
4 35; August, $4 95: October, $5 05. Spot— Rio.
quiet but steady.
SUGAR — Kaw, ■ easy. inactive. Fair refining.
' 3 13-lCc; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 l-16c; molasses
sugar 3 9-16 C. Refined, quiet and barely steady.
BUTTER Receipts. 8423 packages: firm;
Western creamery, 17@24c; June creamery, IS®
22><.c; factory, lP," : «J:16c.
EGGS Receipts, 12,286 packages; strong; un
graded at mark. 14®lSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— California dried fruits
quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7Hc;
prime wire tray, 7 1 / 4@S'.4c; choice, B%^9c;
fancy, 9®«'/4c.
PRUNES— B%®Bc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12@13%c; Moorpark, 14
©16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7%<5'9c.
Chicago Wheat Market.
■ CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Wheat started strong at
\ an advance of %@%c for December and for
May, the latter option being In considerable
demand throughout the session. War in the
Transvaal was considered certain almost by
English traders, as was shown by a sharp
advance in the Liverpool market, and this
strongly Influenced the local traders.. Primary
receipts showed a big falling off and the for
eign demand for wheat was excellent. The de
mand was general at the opening, outside In
vestment buying being much in evidence and
December, opening at 73%@?4c, soon advanced
to 74'4c. This price was well above call fig
ures and selling against those privileges and
the usual realizing by longs caused a tempo
rary decline, December reacting to 74c. This,
however, was the only soft spot of the entire
session. Prices were soon back to <4>;@74%c.
and though the volume of trading fell off for a
time no further decline resulted. There was
apparently a quiet absorption of all offerings
by some Important Interests. Toward the close j
of the session the market again became very
active and broad and prices advanced ma
terially. A report that diplomatic relations be
tween England and the Transvaal had been
broken off and martial law proclaimed In Pre-
I toria put. a sudden stop to selling of any kind
and prices were bid up quickly. Considerable
interest was taken in the May option. There
was a good outside demand for this future and
the difference between May and' December
widened to 3c. In consequence. December ad
vanced to 74"i.c and closed at 71V.774"«c. May
ranged from 76%@77->ic and closed %@}ic higher
at 77% C. . •■ .
Corn was fairly active and steady. Exporters
were buyers of both December and May and
both futures scored material advances. De
cember closed %@%c higher at 30%@30 I ,£c. May
closed %c higher at 3Hic.
Oats, in common with the other grain mar
kets, were active and higher. December closed
W€->rc higher.
Provisions were only moderately active. At
the close January pork was 10c higher, January
lard Be higher and January ribs fie higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
■ Wheat No. 2—
October 721.4 72% 72V4 * 72%
December 74 74% 73% 74%
I May 76% 77* 76% ,'77%
! Corn No. 2—
Octobpr 3i7s 3114 31% 3U4
December 20 SO.; 2 r '% 304
May z<>% -31% 30-14 3i ' -
Oats No. 2—
December 23 • 23U 22»4 tSU
! - v :I V 2IVi 24';, 24* 244
Mess Pork, per barrel
October 8 12,* 825 S 124 820
: ' 'iler 8 27'zi 840 8 27& 840
: January ..... 9 go 9 S5 9 go 9 85
j L»rd. per 100 pounds—
October r, 42,4 5 52% 5 424 6 f.O
December 6 r.2'4 555 6 r,2' i 555
January & 62V4 5 67.£ 6 62Vi &67 V 4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
' October 505 5 12% 60S DlO
January 510 5 15 6 10 5 15
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. - spring wheat, 7lc; No. 3 spring wheat,
'•)'.( 72c; No. 2 re<\. 73 'Tin; No. 2 corn, 31*4.9
1 31V': No. 2 oats, 22'/4<523c; No. 2 white, 2&V4®
2.*.^tc; No. 3 white, 62514 c No 2 rye, r.M*c
No. 2 barley, 37i??4r,e; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 14; prime
timothy si>»-d, 52 27 ! 2 -ii 1- 30; mess pork, per bar
rel, $7 70*08 25; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 4006 66;
short ribs sides (loose), $.vuo 35; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $866 J2> . ■ .short clear Kkles
; (boxed), $:. r.o©s 55; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 22.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 140.00U 6,000
Corn, bushels 557.000 466.000
'Tits. bushels 379,00») 259,000
i Rye, bushels 10.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 182.000 -■ 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market whs firm; creamery, 16'd22M.f!: dairy.
■ 134?18c. Cheese, firm, ligil»ic. I&ggs, firm;
fresh, lsVic.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening '. 6 l'j 6 31i
Closing 6 2',i 6 4
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 00 19 90
Closing 19 90
Flour-
Opening 25 00 2f> 15
Closing 2190 25 35
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's tales of California fruit: Grapes—Mal
agas, 75ftf'0c, single crates; Tokays, 65c@?l 30.
Peaches— Salways, 90c©$l 90 per box. Pears
Bartletts, $3 06 box. Prunes— ltalian, SSCSJI.
single crates.
Porter Bros. Company's 'sales: Pears -Bail
letts, $2 OC<&2 85 box; Seckels, $I©l 10; Doy dv
Cornice, $1 7u@2 20 box and $1 or. half-box: Ulout
Morceau. 517602 75 box; Keifer, $185; Vicar,
$135; Winter Nells, $140. Plums— Coe's Late
Red. 752 half-crate. Prunes— Silver. $135 tj»lf
crate. Peaches Balways, Jl@l 30 box, $1 Us@
1 20 crate; Clings. S'.c; Peaches in carriers, il 15
0170; half-carriers, 70<9S5c. Grapes Tokays,
6r><-'!;$l 30 half-crate; Muscats, 55c49f1 60; Cor
nlchona, $1 10 Fifteen cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2. — Porter Bros. Company's
salrs of California fruit: Grapes Tokays. 800
©Jl 30 half-crate; Tokay, clusters, figi 20;
White Tokays, $1 15 crate; Muscats, 65c«i
$•1 15; Malagas. 75©90 c; four-ln-hand, $1 10; Da
mascus, 60066 c; Cornichons, $1 50<g:l 55; Mo
rocco, Jl 20(?fl 80; assorted, Jl 20®l 95, Peaches—
Salways, $1100135 box; 1 Purge's Late. Ssc.
Pears Bartletts, $1 40tf2 45 box; B. Dlehl's,
$1 45©] 60; Victor, $140; Hose. $185; Easter, I?..
$1 45 box.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes—Mal
ag;is, 80c©Jl single crates; Tokay. $1 10. Peaches
—Pal ways. 9iic@sl 20. Pears— Bartletts, $160©
270 box. Prunes Hungarian, Jl'i/I 90 single
crates; Italians, $l@105: Silver, $1150120. Nine
cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, Oct. 2.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes — Tokay single crates 70c@$l 30, aver
age 87c. Peaches— George's Late (boxes) !>So(J
$1 15, average $1 01; Lev! Cling $I'@l 20, aver
age $1,06, Sal way $1 10<gi 30, average $1 21.
Prunes- Italian single crates tl@l SO, average
$1 06 Five cars sold to-day: weather cold.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 2.-The Earl Fruit
Company Bold California fruit at auction as
follows: Grapes Muscat single crates GOc®
$1 30, averaga $1 06; Tokay single crates f.sc@
$140. average $104; double crates • $2<52 35,
average $2 15. Plums— Coe's Lute Red $1 30.
Three cars sold to-day; weather favorable.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— CATTLE— There, was a
good general demand to-day for a moderate
supply and prices lor the best grades were 10c
higher. Common and medium grades were,
steady. Good to choice beeves, $5 75(07; com
moner grades, $4 6Q@5 70; stockers and feeders,
?:; ■■■! 1 10: rangers. $3 15@5; calves, $4tj7 40.
HOGS— Prices were steady and unchanged,
■■•'■• a good local and shipping demand. Heavy
hogs $4 10®4 75; mixed lots, $4 4004 S2',£: light,
$4 60@4 90; pigs, $4 10^4 SO; culls, $t 50®4.
SHEEP— Lambs were in excellent demand
and prices were 15@35c higher. The best lots
sold at $5 7556: commoner lots, $485 70; West
ern lambs, $4 ("i'Vjf:, 2.".. Sheep were active and
firm; natives, $3@4 40; Westerns, $3 23@4 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 19,000; hogs. 22,000; sheep,
21,000.
Public Debt Statement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The monthly state
ment of the public debt shows that at the
close of business September 30, 1599. the public
debt, less cash in the treasury, amounted to
$1,148,905,801, a decrease for the month of
$8,400,775. This decrease is accounted for by
a corresponding Increase in the cash on hand.
The debt. Is recapitulated as follows:
Interest bearing debt $1,046,045,830
Debt on which interest has ceased
Since maturity 1,215.030
Debt bearing no Interest 359.33i,012
Total $1,436,601,392
This amount, however, does not include $647.
-965,903 In treasury notes outstanding, which
are offset by an equal amount of cash on hand.
The cash In the treasury Is classified as fol
°Gol'd $354,520,790: silver. $499,628,449; paper,
$78 678.145; bonds deposited in national bank
depositories, disbursing officers' balances, etc.,
JS3 932 112; total. $1,015,241,086; against which
there are demand liabilities outstanding
amounting to $727,543,473. which leaves a net
cash balance on hand of $287,695,612.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, September 30, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Inc. Dec.
Wheat 42.132,000 2.362.000
Corn 12.490.000 3,640.000
Oaf. .... 7,283,000 945,000
ye ""..'.'. 709,000 51,000
Barley 1,441.000 569,000
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 1435 bales were offered. Business was
rather more spirited than on Saturday, due
principally to the better selection offered. De
spite this Improvement it was apparent that
the keen edge has worn off "the demand, and
the only stock in good request was a lot of
fine Geelong greasy. French and German act
ively absorbed medium greasy merinos. A large
Bupply of crossbreds was offered. Fine grades
were firm, but the coarser ones were Irregular
and were frequently withdrawn. There was a
considerable falling off in the demand from
American quarters, and consequently big prices
for medium greasy were not obtainable.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 2.— Consols. 102%@103H; sil
ver, 26 10-16 d; French rentes, 100 f 75c; wheat
cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers apart;
cargoes on passage, more Inquiry; cargoes No.
1 standard California, 31s 6d ; import into
United Kingdom, wheat. 886,000 centals; flour,
203 000 centals; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 1,960,000 centals; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 1,280,000 centals.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 2.— Wheat, firm; flour in
Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 31-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
firm 6s; No. 1 northern spring, 6s 3'. 2 d, firm.
Futures— Firm; December, 6s 2Vid; March,
6s 4d. • 1
CORN— Futures— Steady; October, 3s 7%d;
November, 3s 7d; December, 3s 6%d.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $257,6'J5,512; gold reserve,
$254,325,520.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 2.— Clearings, . $577,962;
balances. $25,555.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 2.— The war scare in
Africa has created a booming wheat market in
Europe and even the demands of the ship own
ers will hardly absorb all of the advance if it
Ehould continue to rise. Thus far freights have
taken nearly all of the advance, but as high as
Clc was paid to-day for heavy Walla Walla
wheat an<] ."iffififto was the ruling quotation for
No. 1. Valley, 59960 c; blue stem, 61'S62c.
WASHINGTON.
TA'OMA Wash.. Oct. I— Wheat, quiet. Ar
rivals are still good. Club, MVsc; blue stem,
61' i.p.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — ** S3
Sterling Exchange, sight - 7°
Sterling Cables •• — " s}«
New York Exchange, 5ight. ...... — "•*
New York Exchange, telegraphic - »
Mexican Dollars « rij.
Fine Silver, per ounce • — i 7B
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— The Dynomene takes for Cork 675S
centals, valued at $7:,1S «. Br «.
Export, rrom this port In Sept-mb- were
SSm centals, valued at $2.-7.723. ma kin* total
exports thus far this crop year of 81-. i -8 cen
tal* valued at J^S.3OO.
Successive advances at Chicago >«* *»
mark,, up. both on and off caH. « «" U be
Seen, and the reeling was ran • l a t b€tter for .
of 1.500.000 bushel, on p.-™.' an- l^an^ed
of 1.000,000 bushels. The marine
! "si' Wheat-Shipping. $1 08%« l 10; milling.
f1121 115 - CALL BOARD BALKS.
informal t^-»«»j*« g
n May-S; Si»& MOO. ftWlj
la^&s •. vV4.w v. »■;■.«>.
takes for Cork 61.
-ranee In futures. The spot demand was lose
"reed. 73<g85c; Brewing. 90©97V&c: Chevalier.
191121/4 i"-r it). BOARD SALES.
CALL HOARD BAI>ES.
Informal Sesslon-«:15 o'clock-December— 2ooo
!tl», *:■"-■ ■
l/»to!^ M<£^B>ltar '39. new-8000
tla SCc: 4000. 86V«c. December-***. 87% c: 4000,
;7";c. May— 2ooo. SS'.ic
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings are larger and the ,i»man<i
s quiet, but prices rule firm. White. $1 0601 2a.
ted J105@112%; Black. 92Hc®$l 02%. _
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 0a; White
md mixed. $1 0201 05 per ctl.
RYE— 90©95 c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60<33 75.
lsual terms: bakers' extras. $3 4003 &0: Oregon
md Washington, $3 4003 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25©1 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MI I. I. STUFFS— In sacks are as fol
low? usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75; Rye
Meal $2 50- Hlce Flour. $7; I'ornmeal. $2 50; ex
ra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5004 76;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. 13 25«3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4«j4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Fnrina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 &5f?6 9.>: In sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs. _
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Bran Is firm nt an advance. There Is no
change In Middlings.
Receipts of Hay were over 1500 tons, and the
market was dull and weak, but no lower.
BRAN— $16 :.'■''(/ 17 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 504119 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $17 60018 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27028; Jobbing,
J2S 50<&29: Cocoanut Cake. {20021; Cornmeal.
523 505i24 50: Cracked Corn. $24®25; Mixed Feed,
16&16 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. J7T(S "0 for common to good
and $9fi9 2". for choice; "Wheat and Oat. $C@
8 B0; Oat, JCti'S; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley.
$o©3 50; Alfalfa. $3©7 per ton; Compressed,
J6 Hi ■•:■
STRAW— 2SSSSc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Pink Beans are lower. Other kinds are firm
with a fair Inquiry. Seeds remain unchanged.
BEANS — Bayos, $1750180; Small White.
$2100215; Large White. $1660180: Pinks,
$2@2 05; Reds, $4; Blackeye, $3 25-^3 35; But
ters, nominal; Llmas, $40504 16; Peas, $2 li@
2 25; Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2H@3c: Yellow
Mustard, ?~;'d *<■; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
3i*c per It) for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4®4Vic;
Timothy, A<o\\^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 5001 65; Green, $1 75
@1 90 per ctl. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are lower. Potatoes stand about the
game.
The canners are bidding lO'Jildc for Tomatoes,
which glut the market. Otherwise there .is
nothing new In Vegetables.
POTATOES— River Reds, 50(iJ;75c: Early Rose,
40®55c; Burbanks, 40@60c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c®$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $191 25 for
Rivera and $1 50 for Merced.
ONIONS— €S@7Oc per ct'. ; Pickle Onions. 50<g>
75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2>i®3c per lb:
String Beans, l@2%c; Lima Beans. lVi@2V4a:
Cabbage 40(ff.">0c: River Tomatoes. 105?15c; Ala
medrt Tomatoes, i:,'f?2;,c; Egg Plant. 25@35c;
Green Okra. 35ff?50c per bor; Dried Okra, 12Vio
per lb; Garlic. 2<g3c; Green Peppers. 3.',fi4ic for
Chili and 55@500 per box for Bell; Carrots. 30*?
40c per rack: Bay Cucumbers. 25@3jc; Pickles.
$1 50 per ctl for No. 1 and 50c fur No. 2; Sum
mer Squash. 25@S5c: Marrowfat Squash. JSISIO
per ton; Green Corn, 2"i 5 1 . r ioc per sack; 50c©$l
per crate for Alameda and 50@C5c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The Game season opened yesterday with fair
receipts. Prices ruled high, however, and the
market was dull and weak in the afternoon.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15(fTlCc for Gob
lers and 156 15 c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 17®
19c; Geese, per pair, $1 75(g"2: Goslings, $1 75@2;
Ducks, J4(go for old and $5@6 50 for young:
Hens. $4 Do@s 50; Young Roosters, $4 60:35 50;
old Roosters, $4 5005; Fryers, $4; Broilers,
$3 25@3 60 for large, $2 75@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@l 50 per dozen for old and $1 Vs©2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 75©2 50 for Valley, and $3 50
for Mountain; Mallard. $B@9; Sprig. $3<£6; Teal.
$3 50®4: Widgeon, $3@3 50: Small Duck, $2 50@
$3; Doves, $I@l 25 per dozen; Grouse, $7 50;
Sage Hens, — ; Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50;
Gray Geese, $5; English Snipe, $4 per dozen;
Jack Snipe. $2.
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy Butter continues firm, but the gen
eral run of creameries are weak, with large
receipts and more to come. Eggs have again
advanced a fraction. There Is no change In
Cheese.
Pickled Butter is marked up somewhat, the
demand beins good. ; v
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25@26%c; sec
onds, 23@24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22>£@23c; good to choice, 21®
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 21%@22i,5c: firkin, 21@21%c;
creamery tub, 22%@23%c per lb.
Eastern, 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lie: old, 10®
10V4c; Young America, li Vic; Eastern. 14@
15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 21<§23c for store and 29@33c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 23(§25c for
selected, 22% c for No. 1 and 17(g21c for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes were quieter yesterday, and
though prices were no lower the feeling was
weak, as buyers were deterred by the high
prices. Table Grapes were steady, and fine
lots for shipping were firm.
Very few Peaches came in, and Plums were
also scarce.
The last lot of Limes came In in bad con
dition, so there are very ie<v good ones of
fering.
Cranberries are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35©60 c per box for common and 75c
<&J1 25 for sood to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, per chest;
Strawberries, $7©S per chest for small and $2®l
for large berries; Raspberries, $3@3 50 per
chest; Huckleberries, 6<ft7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, $6 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries. $8.
Grar.es. 25JT35C per box for Gweetwater, 2i@
40c for Black, 30@40c for ■ Muscat, 35<f?!50c for
Tokay, 40@50c for Cornlchon and 35@40c for
Isabellas; crates sell 10@15c higher; Wine
Grapes, $21025 per ton for ZMnfandel and
$16©19 for White.
Watermelons, $5015 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 50c@$l per crate; Nutmegs, 25
<82bc per box.
Pomegranates — 33050 c per box.
Pears. Bartlett, $1 50®2 per box; Winter
Pears, 40(£j73c per box.
Figs, KOMe per box for double layers of
black: white. are nominal.
■ Peaches, :.nc<isl rer box. .
Plums and Prunes. 40cg$l per box and
crate.
crTKUa FRUITS — Lemons, $I®2 for com- ,
mon and WH for cood to choice: Mexl«n
Limes, ISO8S0; California Limes. $1<?1»-; Ba
nanas. $150®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $19
2CO Der dozen. ,
! Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week opened with a further advance In
Peaches. All other descriptions stood the
same. _
DRIED FRUITS (New Crort-Prunes. In
car. r.'-c for 40-Sn's. 4Uc for 60-60's. 3%e for
CO-70-s. 3Uc for 70-SO-s. 3®3V4c for 80-90" s and
2HQ2%c for 90-100s: Apricots. tOOUo for Roy
als 14©15 c for Moorparks and 12®12%c for Blen
heims; Peaches. s©6c for Standards. AC for
choice and 7®7V4c for fancy: peeled Peaches,
11O12C- Evaporated Apples. 6'^b'jc; Sun-dried.
\ ■„'■:■' J.er lb; Nerwnnw, 7Vtf!sc ) per Ih f ur
red and S-s'jc for whl»«: Pe«ra. 6«o fot quar
,anV^?f for halves; niack Figs. 3c;
White Ftß».««6Hc: Plums " ® 6 ° fur dark and
! 'i^fsiNS-BTe^hed Thompsons-Fancy. per
lb 10c choice. 9c; standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un
blMcned Thompwn'l. O per lb. standard.
Ancy pcr ■ lb. sV: choice. 7' 2 c; standard, fi^c;
,rime 'Be l unbleached SuKanaF Be: Seedless.
50- lb boxes Cc: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6%c:
3-crown 6c: 4 -crown. 6V4c; London Layers. 2
crown $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60 Fancy
riu.te'rs $>; Dehesa. $2 B0; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points In
° Walnuts, new crop. BV«c for standards
and «V for soruhell; Almonds 10H@UV6c for
naper-shell. S@3c for soft and i(l  for hard
shell' Peanuts. 5%©6% c for Eastern; Brazil
NuU.'BhK9c; Filberts. HSll^c; Pecans. TH««c;
C HONET- Comb. 11*0 for bright and 10V4c for
light amber; water white extracted. VAQV.ic;
llKht amber extracted, 6',4@7c; dark. 5V»c per
BEESWAX— 24iS:26c per lb. .
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for heavy,
9%£10 c for llsht medium. 11 ..c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13'.4c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13V4c; California Hams. 13c;
Mess Heef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 BO; Fam
ily $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 60; extra clear,
1 $16 f-0; mess. $1&@15 50: Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6ig6'/4c per lb for
compound and 7V4c for pure; half barrels, pure,
Sc; 10-H> tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
I COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@7V»c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
j aboi-t lc under quotations. Heavy salted
i steers, lie; medium. lOUc; light, 10c: Cow
hides. 9'.V??loc: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands.
13c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. yearlings, zo<B3oc each; short
Wool 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c: lon* Wool,
90c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $202 25 for
Urge and $1 SOI 50 for small: Colts, 20i&30c.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4«4®5c per lb; No.
2, 4'((4'--. retlned. ; grease, 2@2V4c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon. 17®18c;
• Eastern Oregon. 121/ 14 c for choice and 9@U%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 7<s*c; San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain, 7'/i<u9c; Northern free, 9®llc; do. de
fective. 7^'aloc per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 10®12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market for all descriptions remains as
previously quoted.
BEEF— 7(&7%c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows.
VEA I.r-7i310c r r ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Hc; Ewes, 6%®7c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. S^SVic per lb.
PORK— Hogs, r.Vjfir.'^c for small, 6%c
for medium nnd 6Vic for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, s'*.c; dressed Hogs, 7@BVtc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS- Calcutta Grain Bag*. ~(ff~^c; Wool
Bags, 265i?'c; Fruit Bagl, ?> l ic, 5%e and fie for
the three grades of white and Tg~!\ii<z for
bleached jute.
COAI,— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Pryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 50 In bulk and $10 75
In packs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
Barks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. VV-; Candy Grandujated, oc; Dry Gran
ulated. 4T&c: Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A. •IVic; Kxtra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, He
more; boxes, %c more; 50-Ib bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Us
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes.
5 T /»c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 2.
Flour, qr sacks 4440 Bran, sacks 1350
Wheat ctl? 4120 Middlings, sacks . 712
Parley, ctls «70n Hay. tons 151"
Oats, ctls 197" Wool, bags 9.1
Corn, ctls 800 Tallow, ctls 215
Bye, ctls 37< ■ Sugar, barrels ... 342."
Butter, ctls 10S Lime, barrels 499
( heese, ctls 15 Quicksilver, flasks J4f>
Beans Backs 788 Leather, rolls 120
I'otatoes. sacks .. 3077 Hides, No 146
Onions, sacks 238r.!Pelts, bundles 37
Sugar, sacks 477iijEggs. dozen 4H20
Mustard, sacks ... 7Mi\Ylne, gallons 31,300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sacks 8501 1 Potatoes, sacks .. 315
Oats, ctls 3680 Bran, sacks 1170
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a moderate business In securities
on the morning session. Giant Powder was
lower at $TS eO^S 87^ and Gas and Electric at
JC4 75®64 50. K>iuitable Gas was higher at
$7 73ti7 S7Vi. The sugar stocks showed little
change.
In the afternoon Giant Powder sold down to
$77 50 and back, to $78 25. Oceanic declined to
$S7.
Alaska Packers has declared a dividend of
~Zc. payable on the 12th tnst.
Mining stocks were weaker than on Saturday,
under light trading. The telegram from the
pump said- "Pines last report No. 1 elevator
ran 35 hours and 4f< minutes. At 6:30 o'clock
this morning the water was 15 feet 10 inches be
low the 19iO level station. Castings for No. 2
elevator are expected to arrive here to-mor
row."
Segregated Belcher Is assessed 6c and Andes
sc.
On- the t'th Inst. the Onomea Sugar Company
and the Pacific Lighting Company will each
pay a dividend of 35c per share.
On the Gth inst. the Hank of British North
America will pay a semi-annual dividend of
25s per share, equal to $6 25 In American
money, or $125,000.
The Market Street Railway will pay a quar
terly dividend of 60c and the Giant Con. Powder
a monthly dividend of 50c per share on the
10th inst.
The report from the Consolidated California
and Virginia mine for the week is as follows:
1400 level— Advanced the west drift 11 feet
through porphyry and seams of quartz; total
length, 526 feet. Stopped work in the face
and started a south drift 700 feet west from
the shaft and extended it 7 feet in a quartz
formation. 1650 level— Necessary repairs are be
ing made. 17.".0 level— On the sill floor the south
drift from the west drift from the main north
west drift was cleaned out and timbered 42
feet, making the total length 2G2 feet. Have
been making repairs to the raise through the
stopes leading to the 1700 level. ISOO level— The
south drilt has been carried forward and tlm
btred 11 feet; total length, 342 feet; format inn
largely in quartz, assaying S3 per ton. West
crosscut No. 1. started from the south drift SO
feet from the winze station, has been advanced
14 feet through hard porphyry: total length.
160 feet. West crosscut No. 2, started 30 feet
south of crosscut No. 1. was advances! 12 feet;
total length, If' feet: formation, quartz of nomi
nal value. Main shaft— Making some repairs.
The water is to-day (Saturday) 2" feet 4 inches
bel..w the 1H.'.0 level station, having been per
mitted to raise, as No. 2 elevator i:- stopped
awaiting new castings. No. 1 elevator run
ning at intervals to hold water at about this
point.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level,
the south drift, started from the main west
crosscut opposite the north drift, was advanced
13 feet; total length 433 feet: face' in soft por
phyry and clay. Part of the week has been
devoted to repairing this drift. West crosscut
No. 1, from the south drift from a point 236
feet south from the main west crosscut, has
been extended 16 feot. total length 76 leet;
face in quartz and porphyry, the quartz yield
ing assays from $1 to $j per ton. .00 level —
West crosscut No. 7 from the north lateral
drift from a point 150 feet north from west
crosscut No. 6 and 700 feet north from the
Sierra Nevada shnft. was advanced 10 feet:
total length 104 feet; face in porphyry mixed
with gypsum.
The report fr^m the Ophir mine is as follows:
Ophlr shaft-The pump bob on the SCO level is
being stripped and the shaft repaired. 1000
level— When the east drift bqd been cleaned
out and the air pipe repla -ed so that work
could be done in the drift. It was then care
fully surveyed, note? made and samples taken
of the different formations exposed by the 1200
feet in length of this drift. As nothing of
value was found and as the drift is at least
1600 feet east of the hanging wall of the Cnm
stock lode. It has been decided to abandon
it. When the survey was completed the work
of stripping the drift of everything that can
be used was started. Central tunnel— The
Joint Mexican west crosscut was advanced 6
AUCTION SALES
£5 GRAND .£a
AUCTION SALE
Of the Choicest of Well Trained
Trotters and Roadsters
Standard bred, sired by Charles Derby. 2:20:
Stelnway. 2:25%; Guy Wllkes, 2:15' 4 ; -Junto.
2:22; El Benton, 2:23, etc.. from the
OAKWOOD PARK STOCK FARM,
JOHN F. BO YD ESQ., Proprietor.
THURSDAY.
THURSDAY October 5. .189*
At 11:30 a. m., at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard Street, Near Third.
Horses at salesyard. Send for catalogues. A
rare opportunity to get stylish teams.
WILLIAM <".. LAYNO, .
Livestock Auctioneer.
£* AUCTION SALE. j^
(MONDE SALE STABLE, 1517-1519 Mission St.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 3d. at 11 O'CLOCK.
I will sell at public auction 40 head of choice
i well-broken young horses Just from the coun-
i try. I will be pleased to hitch and show.th*
above stock In harness any time up to day
of Bale. as they are all thoroughly broke and
sound and
MUST BE SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE OB
LIMIT.
8. WATKINS & CO.. Auctioneers.
feet; total ITS feet: face In porphyry that ha»
been quite hard, but Is now softer. The dan
gerous ground In »he main west drift has been
secured. Sutro tunnel connection— The direct
connection drift :■ v been advanced 12 feett
total length 473 f '• • : face In clay, porphyry
and quartz. The ground has to be retlmbered. •
The old drift referred to in last week's report
has been reopened for 33 feet and the east
shaft from the 1465 lei M located. It is foun<J
to be badly caved an.', full of rock. From
the south drift a west crosscut was driven 14
feet through the vein at a point 100 feet south
of the direct connection. Nothing of value
was found. A north drift vis then started on
this vein and advanced 12 ft: face In quart*,
clay and porphyry. Sinking was resumed In
the winze. It has been timbered. Is in good
working order and 15 feet deep. In the bot
tom the vein Is widening and Is a mixture of.
quartz and porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. October 2—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Hi<l.a-h.
T7 8 Bonds— I Mutual El Co. 15Vi 154
4s quar coup.. — 113 O G L & H... 49 60
If. quar re«; — — ! Pac Gas Imp. 65 —
4s quar new... — 131>4 Pac LCo 41 41£
3s quar coup.-105V4109 SF G & E... 64% —
Miscellaneous— San Fran — S%
Cal-st Cab 05.116% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65.. 10$ 109V4 Insurance-
Ed L& P 65.. 130 — Flrem's Fund. —
V & Cl Ry 6s. 114 — ! Bank Stocks—
Goary-st R ss. — 95 A nelo-Cal ••••«* —
II C& S 5^5.106 — Bank of CaJ. ..372 1 - 2 4"0
L A Ry 55....105U106Vi Cal S D &■ T.. 96^ 98
LAL Co (s.. JS — First Natlonl.. — 24a
Do gntd 65.. 93 — ' Lon P & A....125V4 —
Do gntd 65.. — — Mer Exchange - 1«
L, A & P R 103 104 Vi Nev Nat Bk..ISS 188
Market-st 65.. 1264130 Savings Bank*—
Do Ist M is. 115 — Ger S & L...1650 —
NCN U X 73.112 - Hum S & L..1000 1160
NX of Cal 6s. 114 — Mut Say Bk. — 42V4
NR of Cal 65. 112*4 — S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC H X 88.106 1% Say & L So. — 82%
N 1' CR R 55. 106% — Sec Say Bit. — 810
N Cal R H us. lll — Union T C 0.1400 1440
OGL & H ss.lo9Hllo'i Street Railroads—
Oak Trans 6s. HI 112 California ....121 —
Om CRy 65... — — fiMiry *<• -
V&CI Ry 68.106" — Market-st .... 631b 63%
Pk *O Ry 65.115 - Oak S L&H. - 50
Powell-st RBs.llB — 1 Presidio 17 1 * 21%
Sac El G&R5s — — 1 owaer— 
SF& N P Ss.ll3M>l" California ....150 lbo
SR& S J Vssll4'iHs F Dynamite.. « -
t- )<v of Cal 6s.lub^ - Giant Con Co. 7RH. 78£
S P of A 65.... — 113% Vigorit 2H 2%
S P C 65(190.'.). — — ! Bu«ar-
SP C fis(l9n6). — — Hana P C 0.... 13% 14
IB P C 63(1912). 15S — Haw C&S Co 96> 2 96-, 8
HPcls eg ba.li«% - Honokaa SCo 34% —
SPBr 6s 122 — ' Hutch S PCo 30 —
S V Wat 65... 114 114% .Kilnuea S Co.. — 30
s V Wat 48.. 104 104% Makawell S C 49»£ —
8V W 45(3dm)101% — Onomea S Co. 39 40
■ Stktn Gas 15. .104 104 Vi Paauhau S Co o6& 3i
Water stocks— Miscellaneous
Contra Costa.: 70 72 Al Pac Assn..U7%llB
Mnrin County. <•<> - Mer Ex Assn.. — ion
Spring Valley. lol 101% Oceanic S Co.. 86^ 87
lias and illecinc— iFac A F A.... 1% —
Central Oa? Co — — I Pac C Bor C 0.144 —
Cent L & P... B'i BViU'ttt .t'aini 1-0. . »ii —
Equit G L Co. 7',i 8 ,
Morning Session.
75 Contra Costa Water : 72 00
ir>o Equitable ('.as { ■•_'
60 Equitable Gas « 87^
5 Giant Powder Con £ o0
140 Giant Powder Con 78 75*
15 Giant Powder Con >S *<)?
53 Giant Powder Con 'S 62^
125 Honokaa S Co « jo
150 Makaweli ....... « ?»
25 Oceanic Steamship Co SBOO
CO Paauhau 5 P C 0.... 3. 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 fo
15 S F Gas & Electric Co ... 64 50
Afternoon Session.
50 California Safe Deposit 97 50
10 Contra Costa Water -2 00
5 Giant Powder Con 78 sift
25 Giant Powder Con .3
65 Giant Powder Con T8 DO
15 Giant Powder Con <7 to
20 Giant Powder Con 77 50
20 Giant Powder Con 78 12%
35 Hana Plantation Co 14 00
20Hutchinson S P C 0............ 30 2o
$5000 Market-st R R Con os Bonds 110 50
10 Market-st Railway 63 25
25 Mutual Electric Light lo oO
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 87 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 75
-. B F Gas & Electric Co 64 874
50 Spring Valley Water l 'l 37 1
55 Spring Valley Water 101 25
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds (3d mort)..lol 50
Street —
50 Contra Costa Water 72 00
25 Equitable Gas 7 75
50 Honokaa S C 0............. 34 75
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 6s Bonds 105 75
50 Spring Valley Water 10150
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
Mornine Session.
100 Equitable Gas 8 00
100 Equitable Gas 7 S7H
10 Alaska Packers* Association 117 62}*
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75
i 50 Mutual Electric Co 60 62^
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 65 25
15 Spring Valley Water ,10150
Afternoon Session.
30 Contra Costa Water 71 75
100 Equitable Gas 8 00
25 Giant Powder Con 78 87%
20 Giant Powder Con .......... 73 75
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 88 00
SO Makawell Suear Co 49 37%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 07 09
A a 05 06 Ken tu ok 03 06
Andes 09 1° L Washington. 01 02
Belcher -4 25 Mexican 33 34
Best & Belcher 37 38 Occidental 21 23
Bullion 04 05 Ophir 98 99
Caledonia — 72 ; Overman 18 19
Chollar S9 40 Potosl 64 65
Challenge Con.. — 33 Ravage 25 26
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion .. 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45iSeg Belcher.... 03,, OS
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 6S .
Crown Point.... 17 19 Silver Hi 11...... 02 03
Con New York — 03 Standard 33034:.
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate 05 —
Eureka C0n.... — 30 Ft Louis. 07 —
Exchequer — 02; Union Con 38 33
Gould & Curry. 35 37 Utah 12 14
Hale & Norcrs 29 30 Yellow Jacket. 27 28
Julia — 03!
MINING STOCK.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 06 200 Hale & Norcrs 30
500 Andes 11 50 Mexican 33
100 Belcher 25 100 Ophir 105
600 Best & Belcher 38 200 Overman 23
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Seg Belcher " C 4
250 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Sierra Nevada. OS
100 Crown Point... IS, 100 Sierra Nevada. 67
200 Gould & Curry 37 i 100 Union Con 39
200 Gould &. Curry 36 1 200 Union Con 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Bullion 04 100 Overman . 21
100 Caledonia 76 : 100 Potost .. . 55
100 Chollar 41 j 50 Potosi ... " r.6
50 Gould & Curry 38 400 Savage 26
100 Ophir :::::::::: 105 100 Union Con.. 39
100 Ophir 1 ou
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 40 ; 1400 Overman 23
I™° § est £ Pher 391 200 Overman '.'.'.'.'.'. 22
| 300 Best & Belcher 88 200 Potosl '.'. 55
I J™K on £ a ,' £ Va.l » 200 Potosi S4
™, C .° CCa r, & . V! 4 . 7 Vii m ' rr a Nevada. 69
ISSJ^Ti 1 «. Po nt --- IS 1 100 Silver Hill OS
200 Gould & Curry 3S 100 Silver Hi 11..... 02
400 Gould & Curry 37 300 Union Con 39
£°<> M^lcan 37 200 Utah 13
SOO Ophir 1 034
Afternoon Session. .
2°.°, Andes 09 J 400 Gould & Curry 3(5
200 Belcher -<; 200 Hale & Norcrs SO
»'' Caledonia ..... 75 500 Justice OS
200 Chollar 40! 100 Occidental 22
BL'O Chollar 41 800 Ophir 1024
100 Con Cal & V.I 4T 1 -., 400 Ophir 100
250 Con Cal & Va.l 45 300 Overman - !
200 Crown Point... IS; 500 Savage -'"'
Continued on Page Thirteen." MUCH ADO "
BUT A GHOST
OF THE PAST
Comedy Turned Into
a Tragedy.
THESIS- LIKE RENDITION
ORPHZTTM TTJSNS ARE NEW AND
ENTERTAINING.
•
Tivoli Presents "Mikado" Witt All
Its Tuneful Airs and a New
Comedian — Theatrical
Notes.
Tnlcfs jou have already made an en
gagement for "Much Ado" don't go.
It would be such a pity for you to gt>.
•who«ver you are. If you belong to the
other generation remember Modjeska of
the one time and be happy. If you be
long to this generation be good children
and believe what papa and mamma tell
you and bo likewise happy. You will be
■more "comfy" all round than if you go
to see "Much Ado" at the Columbia-
Alas and alackaday — the comedy is
turned tragedy. Save for John Kellerd,
bless his merry soul, who comes bravely
t.i the rescue. For Modjeska's Beatrice
is not mischievous; she Is not maddening:
and if her coquetry would turn the head
nt any man I know then by my faith I
know no man. But John I\.ellerd causes
h^3 own bead to be turned in the most
Dcing fashion. He was born for
comedy, whatever he may have tried to
make himself. His fun comes easy and
lb a chummy little way with the au
.'.:ence that It likes. Long life to his Ben
ar.d may the gods prevent bio ever
:-';irr:r.g. It is a blessed thing to know
that there Is a leading man left.
But the comedy is turned tragedy and
I can't forget It. I remember Modjeska's
Beatrice of ten years ago and I wonder
>io I sco aright? The solidity of this, the
higher-education-of-woman tone of It! It
Is thesis-:ike as Shakespeare never meant
it to be. l'il wager before we ask him.
Modjeska. Is Magda — yea; she is Marie
Antoinette, perhaps; above all, she Is
Mary Stuart. It is a sorry thing to see all
that is (rand in those driven away by
.'•rriment.
There :s a warm corner in my heart for
Frederick Mosley, who cheerfully made
lit heard above the entrance of tae
audience. He was the only one who sue
d in doing so during the first act.
• me entreat you not to go.
Try "Macbeth," try "Mary Stuart." but
•i a "Much Ado." Whether it prove dull
or pathetic is according to you, but you
won't like it. C.
TivolL
"The Mikado" is one of those few comic
operas that never grow old. No matter
how often you listen to them, you are al
ways delighted with the bright and melo
dious strains that run through them. It
■is needless to discuss the merits of the
work itself, bo we have to restrict our
eelves to the individual efforts. Before
all attention should he given to Alf
"Whet-lan, the new comedian who made his
■initial bow this season as Ko Ko. That
Mr. Wheelan is a comedian of experience
may be gathered at the first glance. He
knows his position perfectly well, never
Takes advantage of great applause, but
refrains from doubling up his numerous
successes. He has some very original and
effective ideas and does not force himself
upon his audience. He awaits his chances,
u-ses them to the best of his ability and
then retires to give somebody else an op
portunity. His face is very expressive.
Toward the end Mr. Wheelan began to
introduce just a little too much business
.and it would do no harm to tone down a
little. I also would omit the Hebrew
prayer in the second act; it is not always
' wise to ■ ke a religious motive as a pre
text for fun making. There cannot be any
doubt that Mr. Wheelan will be very pop
ular if he has not ready gained popular
ity.
• Another comparatively newcomer who
was very enthusiastically applauded was
Miss Julie Cotte. whost Pitti-Sing was a
charming creature. Miss Cotte plays her
part with much taste and sings daintily.
Although not possessing a very powerful
voice, she understands so well how to use
.it that it hpconipp a true enjoyment to
listen to her. Thomas Green has now
finally established himself in the good
graces of the Tlvoli audiences. His agree
able and clear tenor voice came much in
.evidf>ncf> during his able portrayal of
Nankl-Poo; and his splendid stage Dres
■rnee enhanced the tout-ensemble of his
impersonation. William Schuster, through
his successful representation of Poo-Ran,
proved once more his fitness a.s a vocalist
and an actor. But who would ever have
thoutrht that Louis Newbauer. the dapper
little flutist of the Tivoll orchestra, was a
comedian! Nevertheless, this Is a fact
for his interpolated flute solos contributed
largely toward the humorous aspect of
orA of the scenes.
Two drawback? of the performance were
Mi?s Inez Dean, whose so-called contralto,
Is almost unbearable and a? pale as a
'Inon handkerchief, and Mi?* Walker,
•whose soprano penetrates like a poniard.
This evening "Aida" will be presented
' . . ALFRED METZOER.
Orpheum.
• -.The bill at the Orpheum this week la
one of unusual excellence and the large
audience that packed the theater last
night will undoubtedly be equaled if not
exceeded on each remaining night of the
week. From the original song and dance
art of Seymour and Dupree to the equally
original and even more entertaining act
of the grotesque comedians and dancers
Forest and King-, which marked the open-
Ing- and close of the performance there
is not a moment's let up. Last' night
Jennie Yeamans as usual captivated the
house with her clever repartee and amus
■ Ing impersonations. Stinson and Merton
kept the audience in an uproar of
laughter all the time they were on. the
■ptage. Frank •I'hman In his progressive
minstrel art sprung- a number of nc-w
-jokes and witty sayings and revamped
a few chestnuts with such artistic skill
that they were hardly recognized. Oriska
Worden. Adele Archer and Vira Rial, the
so-called "Hawaiian Queens," put on a
little lyric fantasie, in which they appear
prettily costumed. Why they call them
selves "Hawaiian Queens" is a mystery,
but their work is decidedly good and
•■warmly appreciated by the audience.
; Terry and Lambert do a neat vocal
• sketch and the other number on the bill
-."■the "Old Vagabond." rendered hv Felix
Mf.rris and his company. Altogether the
• bin is one of the strongest seen at the
Orpheum for me weeks and is sure to
pleasa the puce.
Grand Opera-House.
Rip Van Winkle awoke last evening- In
the mountain (stage) scenery of the Grand
: Opera-house. It has been a long time
since the old familiar opera was rendered
and in the sent production are several
Innovations which do not detract but
rather strengthen, the original. There is
a dance by eight young girls in wooden
eiogs, and a few appropriate songs have
been added. The choruses are excellent,
and the figures and evolutions executed
dv me young ladies were received with
applause. In the cast William Wolff per
sonates Rip with much credit. Hattie
Belle Laud was very showy as captain
of « e . gr f nadlers - Little Gladys Weller
as Rip s UKhter made a hit as did her
companion Jack Robinson, as little Hans
One of the best voices was that of Thorn:
as H. Persse, who took the part of a
phantom. However, he showed that his
makeup was of inflammable material for
In the second art he set hi? costume on
■fire with his tobacco pipe. Edith Mason, in
her double parts of Gretchen and Meenie
Van -\\ Inkle, was in fine voice. On the
whole, the opera was decidedly pleasing
■The orchestra music was under the charge
of the new musical director. William
Robinson, who for several seasons held a
similar position with the Castle Square
Opera Company. w"»™
Alcazar.
The farce comedy "Innocent as a Lamb"
drew a crowded house to the Alcazar last
night, and the large audience was kept
in good humor by the funny situations To- i
bias Pilkington. a stockbroker, got Into !
through deceiving his wife as to a trip to
Boston. .From the opening of the play to
its close there Is not a dull moment. Eu
gene Ormonde, as the stockbroker, showed
that as a comedian he ranks high. He is
Irresistibly funny, and he does it in a
quiot way that Is to be commended.
George P. "Wohfter as William Bouncer,
M. P., an artist In black oy.-s. did a very
clever piece of character wl>rk. Miss Ger
trude Foster as Kitty Parnboro. Miss
Marie Howe as the deceived wife and
Miss Holm Henry ns the stockbroker's
daughter had congenial part?, and the
other character? wero well sustained.
Chutes.
Baby Ruth, the cutest little fairy Im
aginable, pauig and danoed herself Into Im
mediate favor at the Chutes Theater last
night. The large audience rewarded her
work with four encores. The Rousells,
who disjoint themselves on the horizontal
bar in an extraordinary way, were new,
as wore also the Frlodlander Brothers,
really amusing musical comedians. Adgie
continued her Geisha girl dance in thf
cage of lions, some now moving pictures
were shown and the rest of the bill was
up to the Chutes standard. The high
divers are still In evidence and Princess,
the new elephant In the Zoo, attracted
much 'attention.
Olympia.
There Is a big- bill at the Olympia this
week and all the numbers are pood.
Maurice Montague, the well-known bary
tone,is one of the hits of the programme,
and Ruth Nelta and Zoa Matthews still
rule as first rate favorites.
■ ♦ ■
California.
Ben Hendrlcks with his remodeled
Swedish comedy-drama, "A Yenuine
Yentleman ." played to a fair and appre
ciative audience at the Calif* rnia last
nigrht.
Notes.
A dispatch from New York Rives the in
formation that Bert Morrison, a young
California actor, has been engaged as
leading man with Joseph Murphy for thi>
coming season. The company will open
in Buffalo, N. V., October 16. Young Mor
rison made his debut at Morosco's about
three years ago, and left for New York
two months ago to try his fortunes In a
larger field. He gives promise of a rapid
rise In his profession.
COURT NOTES.
Judge Murasky has given Judgment for
the defendant In the case of G. Gilletti
' against W. Wykes. Gilletti sought to're
j cover $299 damages from the defendant on
! the claim that Wykes' dog had broken a
' mirror in his icecream parlors. The case
was decided by Judge Murasky on appeal
: from the Justices' Court and he finds
that the claim of the plaintiff is ■without
i merit.
John H. Williams, an ex-soldier, was
yesterday sent to the County Jail for
three, months by Judge Treadwell on the
charge of vagrancy. He was discharged
, from the army about two months ago for
i disability and since then has been beg
; ging on the streets and Insulting women.
Judge Treadwell was elected presiding
Judge of the Police Courts for the next
] quarter at a meeting of the Judges yes
i terday.
John Laflque was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Mogan on a charge of forgery with $2000
bonds. He was aocused of forging th.
name of Philip Maysounave to a promis
sory note for 1800 in November last on
; which he sued to recover in the Superior
Court, but judgment was given against
! him. He had Maysounave arrested for
: perjury, but the case was dimissed. He
has been in trouble- bi
AT THE FAIR.
The Winners in the Baby Contest
Receive Prizes.
The International Baby Show In the
■ afternoon" and the Plma Indian war
; dances at night were the means of at
tracting the largest crowd of the season
;at the Mechanics' Fair yesterday. Fully
I 1000 college boys from Berkeley came in
| a body last evening to inspect Mrs.
! Hearst's university plans. The winners
j in the International baby contest were
i as follows:
Boy?— prize (handsomest) Ernest Hell
! aged 7 months, French parentage; second prize
Harold Wenle aged 11 months, parents natives
i of California: third prize Spenrer Schmidt aged
! 2 years. German-American. Youngest baby —
: Earl Kershmer aged 6 weeks. German-Amerl
| can. Cutest and brightest -First prize Harold
I Wallia 22 months. < 'allfornian: second prize
j George Dewey Gavin, 15 months. Twins—
(George V Fretting and Frank V. Fretting, i
j Prettiest Chinese boy— Chan Kee Sang, 2'■
i months. Special prize for brightest— Dewey '•
I Leipslc.
Girls— (Handsomest) first prize Violet Alice
i Troy ape 22 months, native of California; see
' ond prize Florence ckyei 2 years, American
! parents; third prize Margaret Cron'n 3\ 2 years,
j Irish-American parentage, also special prize
for best baby dancer; fourt/i prize, Dorris
! Torraine Cook 3 years. American. Colored
| babies— First prize Victoria Shorey aged 13 ■
I months. Youngest baby— Ethel Hauselman 3
; months, German-American. Prettiest Chinese — <
! Lou Fook Lin aged 2 years.
Girls and boys- Prettiest ■ ■ Ins — Gustave and
I Alice Polanca, 3 years. Special prize for
I cutest and brightest pirl baby— Violet Brown,
: 1 year. First prize for cutest and brightest
baby girl under one year — Anita Kohn,
German-American parentage. Special prize
: — Thelma Eisfeldt, 3 years. Special
prize far dine twins — 'vVilbert ajid Elsie
Boeh!e 3"^ years. German-American parentage.
: To-night the Turner societies, under the,
direction of Professor Barth, will present
; a strong athletic programme.
1 —•-
PARK PETS' NEW HOME.
There is to be a new deer and buffalo
paddotk in Golden Gate Park- one that
. will excel the present cramped quarters
j occupied by these animals. Such was the
dt-cision of the Park Commit
! their last meeting. The old paddock will
! not be wholly abandoned, but in th<
: there are to be a< commodations that tne
present ones do not afford. The pi>
: lected is the low land west of 9
I Hill named Zeile Mi ■ the Com
, missioners. This pie<-< of ground contains
about twenty acres, all of which lii
i ty-tive feet lower than the several drives
, around it. It is one of the most pictur
! esque spots in the park and from the
surrounding roads an unobstructed view
of the entire meadow may be ootained.
; On account of the acreage there is no
i danger of the grass being trodden down
1 and destroyed by the animals.
Superintendent McLaren will see that
the lawns are kept moist and the grass
growing all the year round. The inclos
ure will require twenty-four miles of
wire fencing eight feet high, which is to
be put In as soon as posa We, The pub
lic's pets will be mov.-d to their new
quarters in about a month. The old pad
dock will still be occupied by some of the
animals, which it may prove advisable
to ke<p apart from the main herd. The
Commissioners propose to make the deer
park one of the principal features and
attractions of Golden Gate Park.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— S. A. Hood ol
Sasi Francisco is at the Shoreham. A. L.
Ellis and family of San Francisco are at
the Wellington. C. A. Sawyer of Oak
land and W. M. Hillyer of San Francisco
are at the Metropolitan.
Frolicsome Students.
Last night was "Students' night" at the
Mechanics' Fair, and the boys In addi
tion to having a good time on the inside
undertook to carry it on as soon as they
gained the sidewalk. They went a little
too far and carried the joke into a street
brawl. Patrolman Butler, who was on
duty in front of the building, undertook
to quiet them, but they ignored his coun
sel and pi have ;t little slug
ging game of their own. Butler placed
one of them, named Henry Meyer, under
arrest for disturbing the peace.
His companions followed him to the sta
tion and between them dug up $100. which
they deposited with the desk sergeant for
his appearance in court to-day.
For the G-olden Jubilee Fund.
An entertainment will be given this
evening at Washington Square Hall, .cor
ner of. Stockton and Union streets, at 8
o'clock for the benefit of th- Golden Jub
ilee fund, under the auspices of St.
Francis Church. The principal featuro
of the entertainment will be a lecture by
Postal Inapecto^James W. Erwin, entitled
"What I Saw In Cuba's Capital. " The
lecture will be illustrated by steroptlcon
views.
Exhibited Obscene Pictures.
Ellas Wange. proprietor of the Metro
politan Picture Frame Company at 427
Montgomery street, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Officer T. J. Coleman
and taken to the California street police
station. It is alleged that Wange exhib
its obscene pictures In his establishment
and he was charged with that offense.
He was later released on bail.
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
CONFERENCE OF
THE METHODIST
CHURCH SOUTH
Dr. Kenney to Make
Opening Address.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Oct. 2.
To-morrow evening- the Methodist
Church South will open its annual con
ference with the preaching of the intro
ductory sermon by Her. J. J. N. Kenney,
presiding- elder of Fresno district.
The conference will be under the super
intendence of Bishop Duncan, who has
been appointed to the Pacific conference
since last year, and this will be his first
appearance at a coast conference. L^ast
year an important change was made in
the arrangement of the various districts.
There had previously been flvf presiding
elders, each over a district, but last year
the number was reduced to three and
their duties extended over much more
territory. Reports on the working of this
new rule will he made and it is thought
they will show that especially in the
northern part of the State the duties of
the presiding elder have been more ex
acting than he could attend to with per
fect satisfaction.
The conference will be held at the As
bury Methodist Church South and will
extend throughout the balance of the
week.
STUDENT RECEPTION TO
PRESIDENT WHEELER
The Student Body Will Be Given an
Introduction To-Mor
row.
BERKELEY, Oct. 2.— President Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University of Cal
ifornia came over to the university town
to-day and began his duties as president
of the college. No demonstration of any
kind was made, the new president walk
ing unobserved to his office on the lower
floor of South Hall. Here he received calls
from one or two of the professors and
instructors and attended to a few details
connected with the administration of his
work. An enormous pile of mail has been
collecting in his office anticipating his
arrival iin-1 the president will be occupied
for several days answering it. It is re
ported that while professor of Greek at
Cornell President Wheeler kept four
stenographers employed. With his in
creased duties as president of the L'ni
v< rsity of California it is thought he will
need even more.
To-morrow morning at 11:15 o'clock all
the college exercises will be suspended in
order that President Wheeler may be for
mally introduced to the student body. The
University Corps of Cadets, consisting of
two battalions, will be drawn up in front
of the library building on the campus. All
the other students will a^pemble near
them an.l there the new president will
deliver an address.
Professor Bernard P. Moses, head of the
r;nv-nt of history and political fcci
will make the introduction and
Professor Wheeler will speak to the stu
dents. Fred Dorety, president of the As
sociated Students, will respond on be
half of that organization. In the evening
the meml»Ts of the faculty will hold a
public reception in honor of President and
Mrs. Wheeler in Stiles Hall.
WELCOME TO WHEELER.
Faculty of Stanford Will Tender Him
a Banquet.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 2 —
The faculty of Stanford University will (
me Benjamin Ide Wheeler to the
coast by banqueting him and his faculty
in San Francisco naxt Saturday evening.
Dr. Wheeler, besides being a noted
educator, is known personally to many of
the Stanford faculty, being an intimate
frit-nd of President Jordan. This promises^
to be one of the best-natured love feasts
among educators that has ever been held
on the coast, when the younger university
reaches out her welcoming hand to the
president of her elder sister.
The committee of Stanford professors
having the affair in charge are: Hudson, '
Kellogg, Stillman. Price and Allardice.
Marriage License Rush.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— The following
named obtained marriage licenses to-day:
Fliomas Conklin, aged 44 years, and Anna
■14 •- i-ars. both of Oakland; Frank
.i Bird, 21 years, and Eveline L. Bur
r;. :,'•■. 18 yeans, Oakland; Edward P.
irs, and Hazel Duggan, 18
- San Francisco; Basil J. Nettleton,
its, Los Angeles, and Annie T. Fitz-
I, 32 years, Aiameda; Henry W.
. ■ :irs. and Isabel M. Peterson,
ars, San Francisco; John Silva Bet
irt, 27 v. ars. and Marie Lawrence,
San Ramon; Ambrose Bayous,
Oakland, and Elise Chabot. 26
Sun Francisco; Leon Sayous, 28
Oakland, and Marie Soubn s. 24
San Francisco; Lyman M. Ken
nedy. 51 years, and Elma F. Robb, 42
(rears, Oakland.
Cutler Gets Three Months.
OAKLAND. Oct 2— Charles Cutler, the
man ■ having relieved Charles
Schmidt, a Roberts Island farmer, of $:'.O,
to three months' Imprison
ment in the City Prison to-day by Police
Judge Smith. Of the stolen money $23
was returned to Schmidt.
An Insolvent Estate.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— "1 give to my wife,
, Bessie P. Eastman, absolutely and posi
tively every vestige of property of which
I am possessed at the time of my death."
With these few words Charles H. East
j man. who died September 5. 1898, disposes
I of his $10,000 estate in his holographic will
tiled to-day for probate by Murk Parish,
who asks for letters, the widow having
| renounced her right to administer the
estate.
The will was very long coming. Shortly
after Eastman's death Charles D. Emery
was granted letters of administration.
: The estate was appraised at $12,505. but
there were various claims presented ex
ceeding the value of the estate. The
widow was granted a homestead and
family allowance and the estate is now
insolvent.
Must Pay Funeral Expenses.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— Annie H. Theller,
executrix of the estate of Samuel L. Thel
k r, appeared before Judge Hall to-day on
a citation to show cause why she should
not pay to Albert Brown the balance of
$215 claimed due for her husband's funeral
expenses. No opposition being made,
Judge Hall ruled that the executrix must
pay the bill
HANNA EXPLAINS A
REMARKABLE INTERVIEW
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— Senator Mark
Hnnna says he take-s no stock In the talk
about Admiral Dewey becoming a Presi
dential candidate. When the junior Sen
ator from Ohio was seen at the Arlington
Hotel to-night he assured The Call cor
respondent that he had never discussed
seriously Dewey's Presidential prospects.
Said he:
•'When I was leaving New York yester
day several of the newspaper boys sur
rounded me and fired a volley of questions
at me on various topics. One or the re
porters asked me about Dewey's pros
pects. I replied that Dewey would not be
a Presidential candidate, as he himself
had disposed of that question in an au
thorizeu interview. That was the sub
stance of my reply to the reporter as I
made my way to the train, and on that
statement an alleged interview with me
was constructed."
Trial of Duarte.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 2.— The trial of
Frank Duarte, a Mexican, for the murder
of Edward Lopez, another Mexican, at
Pasadena on July 4, began this morning
in the Superior Court. The murder was
done during a drunken quarrel.
Borelmas Is Favorite.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Oct. 2.— ln the $16,
-000 Futurity to be trotted to-morrow Bo
relma-s was the favorite, selling in the
pooling for $225; Idoliu, $200 and Ecstacv
rifrf).
BAPTISTS OF CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
TO CONVENE TO-DAY IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— Baptist minis
ters and delegates from all over
Central California will meet at
Golden Gate Baptist Church to
morrow to hold their nineteenth an
nual session. Many delegates are al
ready in the city and probably a couple
of hundred strangers to Oakland will
attend the convention. It will extend
from to-morrow afternoon till Thurs
day night. The programme for to
morrow If:
Alameda County /fews
ROMANCE OF A
POOR YOUNG MAN
AIRED IN COURT
Geo. Everett Did Not
Pay Alimony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Oct. 2.
A real romance of an unfortunate young
man was aired in Superior Judge Hall's
court this afternoon. The young man was
George C. Everett, on whose behalf his
attorney, L. J. Harvey Jr.. had petitioned
the court for a modification of an order
for $15 monthly alimony incorporated in
a decree of divorce granted to Mary E.
Everett in February, 1898. Everett is aged
33 years and hlh divorced wife has passed
her fiftieth summer.
The divorce was granted on the ground
of extreme cruelty and the trial at the
time proved decidedly sensational. It was
shown that the couple had lived together
happily but two weeks, when the husband
manifested an unusual personification of
the green-eyed monsti r. expressing jeal
ousy over the daily visits of the milkman,
the butcher, the baker and the candle
stick maker, and even the iceman was not
free from Everett's suspicion. As a sum
mary measure Mrs. Everett finally bun
dled* her jealous spouse out of the house
and sued for a divorce.
Everett was formerly a theological stu
dent, but, according to Mrs. Everett's
allegations, corroborated by three wit
nesses at the divorce trial, his capacity
for line liquors was hardly in accord with
his chosen calling. On one occasion, too,
he became decidedly ferocious, drawing a
revolver on his spouse. For this he was
arrested. His plea was to have been in
sanity, and at the suggestion of his at
torneys he was examined by doctors, who
declared him Found mentally. However,
tha f case was dropped, the wife declining
to swear to a complaint.
After the divorce was granted Everett
claimed to have come across a letter,
supposedly written by his ex-wife, where
in some unknown writer advised her to
keep out of Everett's path, "warning ' her
"what a slick devil Everett is. Polished,
but oh, so bad! He is said to he insane,
but this is not bo, for he is devilish to the
core." „
On the witness stand to-day Everett
pleaded poverty and sickness. He said
the only work he had performed since the
entering of the decree was in Pendleton,
Or. where, some weeks ago, he had
watered his sister's grass lawn. He
claimed to be a sufferer from nervous
prostration, functional heart trouble,
stomach trouble and fainting spells and
that he was now dependent upon the
charity of relatives.
He had contended in previous testimony
that his claim to illness and complications
had been verified by Drs. Russell and
Bradley, but Mrs. Everett in expounding
her version of these matters declared that
the doctors had told her they considered
Everett a well man and that Dr. Russell
had advised him to don his old clothes
and go to work; but the doctor expressed
doubts as to Everett's ability to follow
or succeed in a professional life.
The ex-wife apparently labored under
the impression that Everett is not a poor
man for she made the startling declara
tion that a Mrs. C. Henry of I'kiah had
told her that Everett had been making
money and that he had been lavishing
presents on her. Moreover, Mrs. Everett
gave impetus to a rumor that her ex-hus
band was engaged to be married again.
Mrs. Everett was represented at the
hearing to-day by Attorney E. C. Robin
son, who made an eloquent plea that Ev
erett's petition be denied. In fact, the
attorney declared that his client is
afraid of her life and that Everett has
not paid one cent of the alimony or
dered.
Judge Hall gently stroked his beard as
lie summed up the case and mused the
preliminary remarks to his decision. "I
think there is something wrong in the
young man's upper story, ' said his Honor.
""The fact of his marrying a woman 50
years old Is evidence of that, and I think
the doctor was quite right when he said
tills defendant would never make a pto
fesslonal man. On the other hand, this
plaintiff Is able to support herself, and
him. too, for that matter, if he'd behave
himself. Possibly there is some vocation
whe:eby he can realize enough to support
himself.
"He has nothing now, and It Is not the
policy of the law to keep a millstone
about a man forever. Of course, if he
rhiuld be struck by lightning and inherit
something, it would all be very well, but
we cannot disturb the past; so I can see
no reason f"r not modifying the order."
Judge Hall accordingly modified the de
cree by striking the future payment of
alimony until further order of the court,
Afternoon— 2 o'clock, devotional service,
led by Rev. J. M. Helsley; 2:30. appointment
of committees, enrollment, nominating, ar
rangements; 2:45, reading of letters: 4, ad
dress of welcome. Pastor S. C. Keetch, re
sponse Moderator L. W. Elliott: 4:15. report
of committees; 4:30. election Of officers: 4:45,
Rpqpctational business; 3, adjournment; 5:30,
dIK/ier.
Evening— 7:ls o'clock, praise service, led
by Rev. J. George Gibson; 7:45, report on
Lord's day and temperance. Rev. John
Downey; address, Rev. S. J. Nunn; S:l5. an
nual Bermon, Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
One of the features on Wednesday
but denied Everett's request that he be
excused from paying back alimony.
TOLD OF FOOTPADS
AND WENT TO JAIL
OAKLAND, Oct. 2— J. Parente. a Por
tuguese laborer, aped 40 years, was found
lyinK near an oak tree just off a side-
I waik in West Oakland at 1 o'clock this
morning. His cries for help aroused a
whole neighborhood, and the police took
him to the Receiving Hospital to be treat
ed for a broken nose. He was very much
intoxicated, and claimed that footpads
had laid him out and robbed him of $5.
After his olfactory organ had been re
paired he became so obstreperous that ne
had to be removed to the City Prison,
where he was booked for drunkenness.
When ho appeared in the Police Court
this morning the footpad theory had
slipped his memory, and he was sen
tenced to serve four days in jail, the court
reasoning that the prisoner had already
been quite sufficiently punished for nis
Inebriety by running up against some
mighty oak.
Professor and Pupil Wed.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 2.— The marriage of
Mi.-s Effle Waite, third daughter of the
late Colonel E. G. Waite. who was Secre
tary of State during th-- Markham regime.
to Dr. Edward Morrison Patterson was
solemnized yesterday evening at the resi
dence of the bride's mother. Mrs. Julia
"Waite, 2038 Central avenue. The Rev. \V.
"VV. Scudder officiated.
The newly married couple became ac
quainted in the lecture room of the Col
:" Physicians and Surgeons, where
the bride is a student and the groom is a
member of the faculty, holding the chair
of physiology. Dr. Patterson is well
known in Berkeley and Oakland, where
be has resided, and in addition to his
professorship enjoys an extensive prac
tice in the latteT city. Dr. and Mrs. Pat
terson will reside at 1606 California street.
San Francisco. Mrs. Patterson will con
linue her studies in the medical college.
She is now in the third year of the four
years' course.
Sunday-School Census.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— The Alameda
County Sunday-school officers that are
planning to canvass all the county in a
day are greatly pleased over the way the
people are responding to their call for
helpers. All superintendents of schools
are to report '.he names of their can
vassers to headquarters, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland, not later than October 16. Dr.
Miller, who is president of Eden Town
ship, has gone over part of his district
and counted the houses, and will thus be
able to divide the territory so that there
will be the same number of houses in
each. Most of the district presidents are
using the fire insurance maps to divide
their territory, as they show every house.
The Sunday meetings at San Leandro and
Haywards showed that the people are
enthusiastic over the scheme to canvass
the county in a day and they do not in
tend to let the work stop when they have
done this.
Reception to General Funston.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The ladies of the
Ebell have derided to give a reception to
Brigadier General Funston and Mrs.
Funston on October 21.
In view of the fact that General Funs
ton's bride was an Oakland girl the re
ception will be one largely in her honor.
Mrs. Funston. or Miss Blankart. as ?he
was before she married the gallant Kan
sas colonel, has been with her husband
in Manila during all the campaign.
The Kansas regiment of volunteers Is
now on the way to San Francisco. It
ought to make port in about ten or twelve
days.
Skipped Out to See the World.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2. — Relatives of
Charles Hanley, who resided with his
grandmother on Atlantic avenue, near
Willow street, are very much exercised
over the boy's whereabouts. Hanley is
•aged 12 years, and until a few days ago
worked in a West Oakland cannery. He
I had saved some money and confided to
juvenile companions that he proposed to
see the world. It is stated by some chat
the boy last week purchased a ticket for
Stockton.
Files New Suit for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The truce in the
domestic hostilities of Isabelle Turnbull
Laing and her husband, Peter Miller
Laing, declared recently by the wife's
withdrawal of a divorce suit, has proved
of brief duration and to-day Mrs. Laing
filed a new divorce suit, reiterating her
sensational charges of extreme cruelty.
Her complaint was prepared by Attorneys
J. J. Allen. Harry ilelvin and Phil Walsh.
Required a Big Bond.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Mrs. Eliza East- :
man was to-day appointed executrix of !
the estate of her husband, Moses H.
Eastman, deceased, who was president of
the Oakland Paving Company anl left
property valued at $160,000. Thus far no
will has been discovered. Mrs. Easiman
is required to file a bond in the sum of
$320,000.
will be a report by J. L.. Allen on the
state of religion In the churches.
Similar reports relating to various de
nominations have recently aroused
much discussion and interest, and Rev.
Mr. Allen's report is looked for with
curiosity. On Wednesday afternoon
the ladies will hold their separate con
vention under the direction of Miss
Lena Haegstrom, Mrs. J. D. Bush,
Miss Ida Egli, Mrs. L. A. Johnson,
Mrs. J. M. Helsley and Mrs. E. R.
Bromley.
RAILROAD MEN
MAY OBJECT TO
LONGER HOURS
All Freight to Come
Through Niles.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 2.
Beginning with the first of October, & I
very important and sweeping change ha<B
gone into effect in the freight service be
tween San Jose and south, and Oakland.
All the freight trains which have hnherto
gone to San Francisco and been ferried to
Oakland will be sent by way of Niles.
There is no night telegraph station be
tween San Jose and Oakland, and train
men are fearful that there will be many
accidents unless some changes are made i
in the new system. They Bay it is impos-
Bible to have three or four freight trains
between San Jose and Oakland at night
time without their being mixed up unless
they receive some orders en route. The
new conditions will increase the freight :
traffic on this side the bay to fully double
what it has been.
Many of the men, especially the opera- !
tors at Niles, have been working over
time under the old conditions and they
have determined to claim ten hours' con-
Becutlve rest according to the agreement [
entered into with the railroad company ;
under the new schedule adopted and |
which went into effect September 1. At j
present the hours of rest for the men on |
this route are considerably broken up f.nd j
they are not able to have the amount of
consecutive hours agreed on.
S. O. Higley, the ajrent at Niles. has to
sell tickets, check baggage, take train or
ders while trains are in the station, be- .
sides answering all questions that passen
gers may ask. Often there are half a
dozen different orders on the agent's desk
at Niles". with as many different trains in
the yard. On the local train service the
new conditions and the possibility of ac
cidents have been the theme of passen
gers for the past two days.
NEW BRIDGE TO SPAN
ALAMEDA TIDAL CANAL
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The California
Bridge and Construction Company
1 will build the proposed bridge
i over the tidal canal at High street,
; its bid being $26,000. There was one for
! J21.500, but the Government engineers de
j termined that the first named bid. though
■ higher, was the most satisfactory. A. w.
j Burrell, who represents the successful
bidder, states that the structure will be
i a single draw span of steel and concrete;
that work will be commenced in about u*
teen days, to be completed in about six
months.
Israel Lawton's Estate.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— A. L. Black, A. M.
Benham and O. E. Hotchklss filed an ap
?raiscment to-day of the estate of Israel
/jwton, deceased, showing total valua
tion of $32,4!<5. A share of stock of the
Crescent Canal Company of Fresno County-
Is placed at $$00; a large painting, "Danae
or Shower of Gold." $100; another paint-
Ing by Hill. "Fir-t <"ast." $20; an interest
in the estate of Walter Hotaling, de
ceased, in New York is of unknown value;
total personal property. $1250. The real
estate Includes property on Castro street,
near Fourteenth. $4500; southwest corner
of Washington and Fifth streets, $11,000;
northeast corner Washington and Fifth
streets, $4100; at Broadway and Laurel
streets, $6500; property at Fresno, $5000.
Many Licenses Granted.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Messrs. Borge &
Cahlll were granted a license to-day to
sell liquor in Niles Canyon. A protest
had been made against the saloon, but
Messrs. Church, Roeth and Wells decided
not to hear it, and voted to grant the li
cense.
The following applications for liquor li
censes were also approved by the Super
visors to-day: Barbara Baumberger, San
Leandro road: H. D. Detels. old county
road, near Sausal Creek; Jacob Milier
East Fourteenth street and Leslie ave
nue; John C. Lavin. San Lorenzo junction;
Robert Knudson, Half-Way House, Niles
Canyon; C. Christiansen, Irvlngton-
Frank Miller, Fltchburg.
■ ♦ «
Teachers' Salaries Released
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Treasurer Feidler
received a notification to-day that the
stipulation between State Controller Col
gan and Assessor Dalton had been signed
and that the $87,000 for school teachers
can now be released. By Monday all war
rants for May. June and July salaries will
be ready for payment by the Treasurer.
Big Interest Judgment.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— Judge Ogden to
day rendered judgment in favor of J. B.
Overton against Mary Stackpol* in a suit
of foreclosure of a mortgage covering
property on Eighteenth street, near Tele
graph avenue, in the sum of SS2T2 36 prin
cipal and $6327 02 interest accrued.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JpARfEKS'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cared by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
. Small Price.
— —
I VICHY HEALTHFUL! I
o SI A Natural Mineral Water %
O Wta with medicinal qualities, 6
0 fflj or Indigestion and . °
q 4j^pk Stomach Disorders, 6
§i|^| So called VICHY I
1 mSlk IN SIPHONS §
ISNOTVICHY I
0 %&ffls Get the Genuine o
° A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent o
♦O*0*0*0«0«0«>0'«'0'« O&0*0*0«0*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
i^^ Steamers leave Broadway
Whk^. wharf, ?:in Francisco.
vJHfcrj. For Alaskan ports, '0 a.m.,
jnwn|^ Oct. 3. s. i Nov.
BTaKd^l^ 2, change at Seattle.
MikW Fur Victoria, Vancouver
laS^C^v^li (B. C.),, Port Townsend, Se-
r^*S*«?«fl attle. Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3. S.
13, 18, 23. 28: Nov. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
• to this company's steamers for Alaska and
;G. N. Ry. : at T»coma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
Cn For r Kureka fHuniboldt Bay). 2 p. n... Oct.
16. 11 16. 21, 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every .nth
day thereafter. Monterey, San Simeon.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Pan Sin
: Cavucos Port Harford (Pan Luis Obi?pn),
Ga'viota.' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angles) and
Newport. '.< a. m.. Oct. 3, 7. 11. IS. 19 23, 2.. 31:
Nov 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
I/,, Anireles and Re.l-.ndn (Los Angeles). 11 a.
nV;. Oct. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29: Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Eneenada, Maßrtalena Bay. Pan Jose del
; Cab". Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
-1 lia and Guaymas (Vex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. >....-..:.■;
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Afrts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 9. R. a N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEJtMKRB TO
srrT_A."NriD5 r rT_ A."NriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $*2 First Cla«« Including Bert»
1 AllC SB Second Claeu and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 6. 15, 25; Oct. 5. 15. 25
: COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20. 30; Oct. 10, 20. 3)
Short Line t.* Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
: Helena and ah points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A sent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping 1 at Cherbourg, westbound.
' From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4|New York Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 11 St. Louis Nov. 1
St. Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
| RED STAR LINE.
i New York an! Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Oct. (' Kensington Oct. 25
I Southwark ......Oct. HlNordlapd Nov. 1
! ■Westernland ....Oct. IS Frleslffhd Nov. i
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
■ 30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
! for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
| Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salting.
AMERICA-MART* Saturday, Oct. 14
HONGKONG Wednesday. November I
NIPPON-MART' Saturday, November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelKht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
®MBMMII S. S. Marlposa sails
dn3nl!! via Honolulu and
vrnillV Auckland for Sydney
>) ■■ ' Wednesday. October
?a./l^N 4, at 10 p. m.
JstWniMlinJ The S. S. Australia
G)lWlllljlllU t ' S ails for Honolulu
/p|TI r ""IPLI-» Wednesday, October
,_ ._ »U|iKilU«T lg at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
i Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India. Suez,
England, etc. $610 first .class.
i D. SPaECKELS et BROS.CO., Agts.. il4 Montgomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^.££*.
' Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, m. ■CTjTLfS
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ->"**»'
Morton St. LA TOURAINE. Sept. 30: LA
NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct.
14- LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21. LA BRETAGNE,
Oct 28. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
! ward: 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
' ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
len round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
! UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
-1 way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
i GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
| gomerv nve.. San Franrlßco. •
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"TorTsTnayy-yard and yallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thur». and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a, m.. i
p. m. . Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. Z. Telephone Main 1508.
I FARE Mo
1112
"7 ■ 1
■ SAN FRANCISCO CALL. 1
■*•• . I
.BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco ;
fn'l. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in (.he year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 527 Montgomery street,
corner Cay; op-n until 9:30 o'clock.
&Vi Haves street: open until 5:59 o'clock.
• fi.T' McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
611 Larkin street; open until 9:88 o'clock.
W. Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2281 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
Until f o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
;0?6 Valencia street; open until i o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twer.ty-seoond and Ken-
tncky street-: open until S o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S, R. A. »
.«., will meet THIS (TUESDAY) A\
EVTENINO. October 3, at 7:30 clock. T^T
Stated meeting and M. M. degree. By •V »
order of FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.^
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30.. F. and •
AM -Stated meeting THIS (TUES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING, nt 7:30 o'clock. ftJ\
OF". J. HOBE. Secretary. [_J\2
I' A CIFIC~Lode"e~N o. 136, F. and AM, A
121 Eddy Et— Stated meeting is^t\m
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. >»Jr\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec <V>
ORIENTAL L.Tdge No. 144, F. and A. •
S.-Stnted meeting THIS (TUESDAY) |
'EVENING, at £ o'clock. 7\J\
A. P. HUBBARD, Secretary. /^>
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. "■
F.— lnitiation THIS (TUESDAY)
. EVENING. a ITC , x . „ -^//U^-
J A. VTELT^S. N^_2l_____ _
K.O. H., Division No. 2— The regular ft^frr |
" monthly meeting of this division \_ :W
will be held at Hibernla Hall. 120 JsA-'ff
.'Ninth street, on TUESDAY, OctoberpejVis
3 U59, at 7.80 p. in. Full returns for • > *b-
pfcnlc tickets must be made. Every mem- |
ber Is requested to be present, as business
of great Importance will be transacted. ,
• Vlsltlr.s members cordially invited.
BA-RTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
REDWOOD Camp No. 91, Woodmen of the
World— Attention! The Woodmen of the !
World will visit the Mechanics' Fair In a .
body THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, October ,
3. Admission free. The cnnip will meet on
• the corner of Larkin and Grove st?. at B p. m. I
.. sharp. By order of B. F. HELL,
TIIOS. F. HATTON. Con. Com.
• . Clerk No. Si. • :
DR MATIICT'S of Belfast nrA Jarae« ■imp- j
b"U of GlMgCsr. Scotland. preach every night j
■• tl'fo we^k (.except Saturday) nt 7:!5 o'clock
. In Gospel Hall, 303 C Sixteenth St., near Va-
!*nc'a. .
STOCKHOLDERS 1 MEETING— NrtIee is here- ,
• by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of 'he Rank of California j
■ will ii" held at the b.inkinc how in tnis j
: city, on TUESDAY. October 10, 1899, at il j
• o'clock a. m. ;
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
S:ir. "rar '. - Pertpn.ber 2.. I^P. |
. . ACCOUNTANTS^
B. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits & !
. adjusts ■■■•-■: corporations & firms- ref. I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
•LA.W in I Loan C-. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; '
j, r^cp,-ute or defend lawsuits in all court on
contingent fees; employ able counsel; joan
■ money or. any kind of security. Advice free,
'.by mall or at office. 214 Pinr Ft., room ''.4.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
: lcle bl.ig. : no advance charges: all cases es-
; tafo?. mortgages, damages, eollectlftis, bank-
ruptcy; wiils, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
•■ call or write.
ADVICE free; d!vorc« law a fpeclalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St., opp. Mason;
• consultation free; moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker
liMg. . tel. Black 71; practice; In nil courts.
L S. CLARK, |mmi Spreokelg building. 927
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
J. Tl. PARKER. 916 Market at., room 07: advice
free: charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE £ NAGLE. attorneys at law. Emma
ST.re.-kels building. 527 Market st.
ADVICE f!e<-: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. r :'T Market ft.. or>p. Mnson.
BATH CABINETS-THEKMAI,.
THE Robinson 4-panel hath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one pane! opening as a door:
cal! and Fee it: descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 ' ■'":. -:
BICYCLE Hr PAIRS.
TIIOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
A NEW private family hotel; firnt class In de-
tail; under Eastern management; new and
artisMe decorations and furnishing through-
out; room- may be selected after October 1.
The old Stevenson mansion (opposite Grace
Church). with annex, SO7 California ¥t.
ELLIS, 607— Well-furalshed front rooms, with
• rood board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
MARKET, IS2O Las Palmai Suite of 2 or i
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
O'FARRELI 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
.pood home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 303 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and rinple, < th or without board.
YOUNG man in private family desires a room-
mate; terms reasonable with board. 739 Te-
hama st.. near Ninth.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room In a nice family
by a stranger 111 city. Address box 474. Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— to care for; gentle care;
health] place; reasonable terms. Address
• MRS. CLARA, Berkeley, Cal.
.CHILDREN'S homo; mother's care; $5 month-
'; ly. Address 11.. Frultvale P. O.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged^
- Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission «t.. near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOI 8.
CHLI shoes, o0c; yths. lace shoes. >.;,,.■; lad"
ties. 75c: lad. shoes. $1; men's working shoes.
$1 -•"•: men's drefs shoes, $1 35; mall orders sol
ilcitefl. People's Bh^te Store. 1803 Stockton.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar. dining-
room, etc; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best part of this city;
close to Market and Kearny; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for Inspection; price $8000. Particulars
H. <i. WILKE. 906 Market Ft.
A— *lioo; TRANSFER corner grocery an.l bar;
dolns a mshing cash store and bar business;
low rent: rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; Investisate at once. k'
G. WILKE, Wit Marl. St.
A— 9ISO— HOME bakery a:.d notion store, with
2 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
11. G. ILKE. 906 Market «t.
}3;0; BAKKRY In live country town. 70
miles from city; a first-class paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. H. U. WXLKE,
Si-6 Market st.
A— s».'••;: DTEING and cleaning store on Powell
Ft.: rent $35; i'.r^i c'ass; paying. Call WILKE.
WC M;ir!<et st,.
A— ssso-rCORNEK grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $15: dully receipts $1S; best loca-
tier, ■■ Mission. K. U. WILKE. 906 • irVet.
A— $000— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $3.i: dally receipts $2r>;
meal not less than 2.".c; bare-In, it '•.
WILKK. ■■'<■« Market Ft.
A— 5KO: PARTNER war.tad; commlss'n,T>roduca
' ness; grand chance. M. LESS, 763 Market.
$*.Vi — BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
living rooms; cheap rent; owner owns bulld-
liifr; will give lease. M, LESS, 763 Market st.
J2OOO-- COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Gall building; cl<>Krinß |30Q monthly: proof
furnished: sickness. M. LESS. 765 Market.
WANTED— SIJ.O for complete Invention; gr»at
chance to make big money BASILE. 3 Eddy.
?lSOO— French bakery: fine bus.; 4 horses, 3 wag-
ens, 31 turn, rms.; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
!ORNER grocery end bar; bargain; other
business cause of sale. McLAUGIILIX & CO.,
77714 Market at.
A-s*o>; RESTAURANT; receipts $35 to *70 per
day; win swu 1C0: everything complete good
location. CITY EXCHANGE. 1032 Market.
A— s2oo OLD est fruit and vegetable route;
good team; over M 0 customers last 5 years;
trial given. MOORE & CO.. 1016 Market.
A— GK'AND opportunity for nn nctlvo man;
small capital required; business clearing- $125
per month, 917 Market st., room 2.
ALFA CO., nt Market ■.:.. will exchange or
sell your property or business enickly.
CIGAR store, well stocked, cheap. 1342~Mar-
I CAN pa&S2SO month dividend on an Invest-
ment of 11000 cash; now is the opportunity
• to secure an income for life. Address In-
vestment Co., box Z095, Call office "
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
$3000— RESTAURANT; north Market; best
In city; bargain. COWING & CO.. ■>'•: Market.
CIGAR store, laundry office; bargain this day:
sickness. COWING ft. CO.. 595 Market st.
LAW & LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net interest; will prose or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 line St.. room 64.
DRUGSTORE; price $3000; best location m*
Oakland; on principal business street; to be
sold on account of departure at Inventory
price: see this bargain before It is gone. J.
B. JOHNSON. ST.' Broadway, Oakland.
TAILOR »hop; complete: S years' standing; 4
living roi^mr- ami kitchen; completely fur-
nished; stock of new and second-hand cloth-
Ing; owner f;olng back to old country. 1633
Devtsailero st., near Sutter.'
FOR sale— In thriving town of San Mateo,
candy, icecream and soda and creamery busi-
ness; delivery wagon and horse; sold nn ac-
count departure. Address V. S. HOWARD,
Ban Mateo, Cal •
FOR sale or exchange for a small ranch near
country town— A good paying saloon, -with
six living rooms upstairs; long lease; ter-
minus of car line. Box 2313, Call office.
BARGAIN— First-class saloon and lunch
house for sale; business part of the city;
on account of 'sickness. Address box 452,
Call office.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall: rent
very low. Inquire WILLIAM HENDRICK-
SON & CO., 614 Call building. . \
GROCERY and saloon for sale: well stocked;
old established business. Apply at premises ,
southwest corner of Turk and Pierce sts.
PA.YING saloon In wholesale district; must
Fell;' going East WICHMAN, LUTGEN &
CO., 313 Clay st.
PRIVATE boarding house; 25 boarders; 15
moms: all full: north of Market. Box 1345. j
Call office. j
BARGAIN— and dairy produce stall; |
must be sold at once; account of business in
country. Grand Western Market. 1310 Polk, j
j7r«~FOR sale Bakery; 3 living rooms partly
furnished; fine place for small restaurant;
rent 510. ICI4 Pacific st.
WANTED— Young gentleman with some capital
who Is capable or managing the affairs of an
Incorporated company. Address box 2175, Call.
FOR sale— a good paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: long lease; terminus of j
car line. Box 2313. Call office. !
$2CO— RESTAURANT: good business; good lo- |
cation; cheap rent. 1941 Mart I Ft.
WOOD an.', coal yard for sale; double team and
wagons. 11C6 Larkin St..
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
FOR honest (Wltng, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 42G Kearny.
COFFEE -" i tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR rale — Good paying Inside route on this
I per. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR — One Columbus trap, with shaft", one
or two seats; In excellent condition; nlso one
bay gelding horse: weight 950 pounds; sult-
V, ; .-. for buggy: good traveler, sound, kind.
gentle and in j>erfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE. San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
St., room^l3.
DELIVERY wagon carry 1 ton: 1 buggy,
good ns new; made I ere SHAW. IG2I Market.
FOR sale cheap— ?2, r cut-under surrey. 7...
box 457. this office. j
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart?, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, BUrreys nnd horf»<>. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, SS3S37 Tehama st. ;- tel. S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Bth St.: fl. South 2.'.0.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." -■ McAllister St.; phono South 14<i.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO, WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3f per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet-beating Works, 533 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound PasUe; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. '-! Spear st.
t i LAIhVOYANTS AND sfflh \\l UAUS.VU
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, card
reader; satisfaction guaranteed; fees 2-">c and
50c: hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. Cl2'i Eddy st.;
entrance private,
SEND Me to Bishop Garrison, 944 Van Ness,
mill gel book explaining "spiritualistic feat: "
practiced by Earl, Evans, Miller and others.
MEDA in 'SKINS, 1423 Market si bet. 10th
and 11th- Sittings daily; circles Monday even-
ing and Thursday, 2 p. m.
MRS. ROBINSON, 1423 Market st., bet. 10th
and nth— Sittings daily; circles Tuesday
evening and Friday, 2 p. m.
MRS. HARLAND'S question test circle. 2 p.
m., 2f»c; test circle to-night, 10c. 34 Sixth st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister st. : lest
meeting 2. B p. m. ; letters read, 10c; sit. dally.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2 and
S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 3,'); admission 10c.
MRS. OWEN will paint spirit picture at circle
Thurs. and Frl. eve.; test 15c. ''.27 Bush st.
JOHN SLATER— Sittings dally 10 to 4. 1809
Stockton 5t.. near Greenwich. *
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
S p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2*.c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
\ 2."> c; reading by mail, $1. 5 Seventh st.
' J. 7.;:i;a. the best fortune teller, has love
\ charms, and tells lucky days. 2fi3 Third st.
i YOUR future told by cards. 2,">c; daily, 10 a. m.
.to 10 p. m.; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin st.
i MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212«4 Sixth st.
C. STEERS, medium: U2VJ Oak st. : circles
Tues.. 8 p. m. : Th.. 2 p. m.: 25c; readings. $1.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
I life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
! band's picture. 2.'c: ladle«. ?.14 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR sale — cottages, to be removed. R.
I DOYLE, 2506 Howard Bt.
! FOUR large rooms, cellar and garden. 937
Church st.
$S— 3 NICE sunny rooms, basement, yard. 536
Ivy aye., bet Octavla and Laguna sts.
$I."— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
inrpe basement; l&y at 711 Treat aye.
I $10 50 — FIVE large rooms, bath, yard, base-
I rn-r.t. I" 12 Valencia st.. near Twenty-fourth.
1 COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lees successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
j S DENTISTS.
I A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
! Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
I or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
ptied to the gum*; the best and most artistic
I dental work at reasonable prices: pure gold
I f.lliics from $1 1111: other lllllncs from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
tilled or crowned without pain; plates that (it
frcm $4 r,O up; Jleeh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty, open
i evenings and Sundays.
I A NEW anesthetic for rainless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; -cc our flesh colored plates, thinner
nr.d stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridce work: teeth with-
out .i plate; fillings, 5Cc; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full ml, $:■; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
! AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOS Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 &0 up; plate*, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to in p. m. ; Sundays 9 to !
p.m. G. V.'. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE '.v. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Bt.. ex-
tracts and Jills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret /crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. W; received i first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LTJDLUM HILL.\ 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; n'l work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Pa!nle«s extraction by electric-
I Ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
I operators; no students. 927 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
DENTISTS.
MEYER— Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; let-class
work; prices r"as.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211 Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST- prices in H. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. imi Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MRS. LIVINGSTON of N. Y. cordially invites
ladles to examine her French Dress Cutting
System for cutting ladles' and children's
garments without paper patterns, pencils,
weights, screws or pins; to convince she will,
without charge, tea'.-h any on* to cut perfect-
fitting garments; pupils taught high art dress
cutting and designing, basting, coning, press-
Ing, matching plaids, princess dresses, skirts,
sleeves, coats; pupils can make own gowns
while learning; send for circulars. 530 Sutter.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3*7 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt, San
Francisco; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; new
KO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market ft., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rotes; life scholarship. I'iO; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1230 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. archi. :day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity gradunte. teaches Id families. 954
Adeline Ft.. Oakland.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
! reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, pinno; Paris grad. ; French, Spanish, j
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipsle; lessons 7jc. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SOS Larktn St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1U24 Mission. nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi- j
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-* HINESK Emp. Agency; all kinds
! help. GEO. OAK I. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant M
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires a situation;
good references; city or country. MISS 11.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
COMPETENT French second girl desires a sit-
uation; also a first-class chambermaid with
good references. Apply to MISS H. CULLI-
| NAN. 323 Putter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook with good refer-
ences desires a situation; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
PARTIES during first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on. tele-
phoning or addressing MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter St., phone Grant 120.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse "or second girl or housework; 112 to $15 j
per month. MISS CULLEN, 32.". Sutter et.
1 SWEDISH second girl, good waitress and seam-
stress. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. j
WOMAN with a child; good cook and house-
worker; wages no object. MRS. NORTON,
311 Sutter Ft.
COMPETENT nurse for young children wishes
situation; neat plain sewing; also light up- ;
stairs work. Call 109 Leavenworth St., near ■
Turk. . ]
GERMAN woman wishes situation, with 3- !
year-old boy, to cook on a ranch or dairy.
Address 223 Grant aye., Ahlborn House.
YOUNG woman, with child 4 years old. desires ]
position in city at light housework. Please i
call 418 Minna st. j
NORWEGIAN girl desires second work In nice
family; best references. 235 Thirteenth St.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
housework. 1409' i Buchanan st., in rear.
REFINED American, accustomed to children,
desires situation as nursery governess; will
sew and assist. Box 472. Call office.
GOOD girl wants position, to do second work j
or general housework. Call ISOS Folsorn St.,
in to 5.
YOUNG French lady wishes situation as cham- j
bermaid In hotel or governess in American I
family: speaks French and a little English.
Box 473, Call office.
'■■ COMPETENT German woman wishes posi- j
tion as chambermaid or will do general
housework; sleep home. Address 132 Clara
Ft., bet. Fourth and Fifth. |
WOMAN would attend sick person and do
light housework during day; good plain cook
and washer. Apply 5 Auburn st., off Jack- '
son, near Taylor; lee] home. j
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper all
around; French, English and Hungarian
style; all pastry; city or country hotel; ref- .
erences. Apply 242 Nat. .ma st.
COMPETENT girl would like situation as cook
in a small family; wages $25. 920 Capp St..
corner Twenty-fourth.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as a
good cook, or will do housework; willing and
obliging. 345 Minna st.
BY a competent stenographer and typewriter,
with knowledge of bookkeeping; $20 per
month; has own typewriter. Box 1419, Call.
GIRL wants general housework; first-class
cook; references. Box 47-. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
housework; small family; reference. 142'^
Fourth Et.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
housework. Apply 118 Perry st.
NEAT, reliable woman, good cook, wishes
kitchen work, or will do light housework.
2124 Howard st.
NEAT, strong, reliable Eastern girl desires po-
sition at general work and cooking or up-
stairs work; wages $20. Call 221 Hickory aye.
RELIABLE young woman wants position to i
assist with light housework with two or three
In family; wages $8 or $10. car fare; refer-
ences. Apply box B. Call Branch, 300 Hayes.
I GOOD washer and Ironer wants work in ex-
change for one or two partly furnished rooms.
Call at Falk's grocery, 234 Van Ness aye.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman,
with child; references If required; good home
more than wages. Please call 515 Seventh st.
A LADY with a child wants to get a place to
work In a small family with small wages and
a good home; would go to Oakland. Call at
170 Fourth St., city; no trlflers.
A LADY of refinement wishes a position as I
companion and nurse for Invalid. Address
box 49«, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework. Call at 208 Golden
Gate aye.
EASTERN widow would like plain sewing and
mending to do. Call room 2, second floor. 1031
Market st.
YOUNG girl, between 16 and 20, take care of
2 children. 1458 Page st.
HOUSEKEEPER for rooming house, or will
I take care of Invalid. Branch, 1941 Mission.
AN American lady wishes a position as house-
keeper. 313 Ninth st., Oakland.
WANTED— Position In lodging house, house- I
cleaning or laundry. 42C Kearny St., rm. 3. j
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest; '
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 ' to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. |
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 448, Call office.
! WANTED— Position as draughtsman in archi-
tect's office or factory; had experience In I
most lnrge cities In the United States. Box I
450, Call office. I
WANTED — Work by young man at window and |
house cleaning by the day, or other work
HENRY ANDERSON, 9&2 Bush St.; tele-
phone East 963.
IV ATE detective wishes employment. Box
! 431, Call.
LAUNDRYMAN, experienced in nil depart- '<
I ments, wants position; hot*./ preferred. Box '
; 488, Call office.
COACHMAN, thoroughly competent; first-class !
! city and San Mateo references; neat appear-
ance and stylish driver nnd rider. Box 432, !
Call office. -.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work j
In grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad- '
dress 1F.05H Franklin st.
I BARBER. 3 years' experience, would like posi-
I tion. Box 449. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT ANTED — MALE.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation in private place; can milk: handy
with tools; temperate habits; references. Ad-
dress P. LUNG, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
WOULD like Job watching day. night; placo
of trust; can give best reference, security;
10 years last place. G. W. ll.', 1202 Larkin.
BOY (IS) wants to learn dining room work;
wages no object. Box 2381, Call.
BOOKKEEPER and general merchandise sales-
man; ten years' experience; object to buy In-
terest in business If satisfactory. Box 2SSS,
Call office.
A RELIABLE German couple want work on
ranch; references. Address box 1420, Call.
JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy. Ad-
dress 2f)0 1 -> Brannan Et. __
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ">een established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ■ *_
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MA YE RLE. German expert optician.
1071'-i Market st., San Francisco: exam. free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 13c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
HANDSOME new folding bed; large plate mir-
ror; at half price. 772 Stevenson, off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
i 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED — $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. ; high-
est price paid; portal. 11. COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc.; highest
price paid: postal. M. Silversteln.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— upper flat
of 4 rooms; newly cleaned; rent $10; water
and cellar free.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. __
FLAT of 6 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 3045 Sacramento st., cor. Spruce.
FLAT— Four rooms, large yard and basement;
rent $12. 321 Tenth st.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath.
1611% Folsom st. / "V
NINETEENTH, 4056. near Castro— Lovely up-
per sunny flat; $13.
NOE, 505, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free.
SHIPLEY, 87. near Fourth— sl4: sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO., 21S-220 Montgomery st.
THIRTEENTH, 31S— Flat, 3 sunny zooms;
bath: hot and old water; basement: yard.
TWO flats. 3313 and 3315 Twenty-first, near
Valencia; 3 rooms and bath each. |
VERY desirable 6unny flat of seven rooms and
bath; almost new. 1524 Sutter st.
WANTED once, nice flats, cottages and
houses: will guarantee good tenants. A. M.
SPECK ft CO., 867 Market st.
4 SUNNY rooms near Mall dock; also flat, 6
rooms; $14 and $10. Key 623 Second st.
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal cnpes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
J3O. ROP.T. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
IIkLP, WANTED — A.C.ENTS.
AGENTS— .Ml the new holiday books; samples I
coming; nil the latest war books; "Remlnls-
cences and Thrilling Stories of the War.'
"Halstead's Life of Dewey," "Scenic Philip-
pine Islands," etc.; stock now ready; can-;
vassers wanted city and country: write for 1
samples. The J. Dewing Co. Flood bldg.. |
HELP wanted— female.
HOUSEWORK. Belvedere, $25; Oakland. $25;
Berkeley $25: Stockton. $25: Menlo Park. $25; ;
Snn Mateo, $25; Salinas. $20; San Leandro,
$20; 12 young girls. $20 to $30; 10 young girls
to assist. .*l2 to $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 butter st. "
HOUSEKEEPER, $12 per month; country.
MISS CULLEN, "-'• Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $35: daughter can at-
tend school. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT nurse; one boy 6 years old; $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $35. city; 2 German cooks, $30;
housework, city. $30. 4 In family. MISS 11.
CULLINAN, 323 Butter st.
HOUSEWORK Palo Alto, $25; Alameda, $25;
Berkeley $20; Antioch, $20; Martin.'?., $30;
Vacavllie, $20: Belvedere, $25; Los C.atos. $25;
San Rafael, $25; Ran Leandro, $20; Benicla,
$25; San Mateo. $20, and several other towns;
20 housework girls. city. $25, $20 and $15; 10
young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutt.-r st. Phone Main 651.
REFINED educated girl for light second, $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 223 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl, $25; 2 second girls,
$20 and $15; 4 hotel waitresses, country, $20
each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country. $20 and $25. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sinter st.
NEAT young girl to assist in housework, 2
In family, $12 to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN,
223 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL, $15; two grown children; Irish
preferred. MISS 11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutler.
C. R. HANSEN Phone Grant 185
10 waitresses and 4 chambermaids for first-
class commercial hotels, country, $20 and
fare; 6 hotel cooks, city and country, $25 to
$35; ranch cook, $2'>; - 30 splendid places for
house Elrlß, city and country, $15. $20, $25;
nurse girls, $10 to $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
10-1 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for delicatessen store, $30;
cook, boarding house, $30; German cook. $35;
laundress, $30; French or German second girl,
$25; 2 second girls, $20; 2 waitresses, $7 a
week; hotel waitress, $20; 50 girls for house-
work, $20 and $23: young girls. $15. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Putter St.
WANTED, for country, cook and waitress,
same house, $25 and $20; 3 waitresses, $25 and
$7 ft week: English nursery governess for one
child, $25; laundress and second girl, $25;
girls for housework. Santa Rosa; Alameda;
Berkeley, $25; Palo Alto, $25: Bakersfield. $25;
nurse, $20, Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
31G Sutter St.
10 WAITRESSES, first-class country hotels, $20:
2 extra waitresses, $1 a day (free fare); 3
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids, to wait,
$20; laundress, country, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.; phone Main 360.
INSTITUTION cook, $35; waitress, $25; second
girl. $25: two nur.seglrls, $20 and $15; ranch
cook. $25; cook, delicacy store, $30; 26 house-
girls, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
YOUNG girl wanted. 563 Valencia st. /
GIRL wanted for general housework at 613
D«v!r;adero st. ; wages $15.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady residing In
Mission for dry goods store. LOUIS KUH
& CO.. 056 Valencia st.
WANTED— young ladles, aged 18 to 23. as
cooks on ranch; must have good references.
Call Winchester Hotel Wednesday, between
2 and 2:30 o'clock.
WANTED at 1443 Devlsadero si., an elderly
woman to do housework; Scandinavian pre-
ferred.
WANTED— girl to work In restaurant.
Apply 3 Howard st. ; call early.
WANTED— girl to assist in taking care of
children. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI or woman to assist with light
.housework and help care for two children;
wages $10. 809 lowa st., Potrero.
.OPERATORS wanted in factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED Immediately— Wetnurse. Write to
M. E. GOSS. 522 Bath st., Santa Barbara.
IRONER wanted in factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market St., room 35.
GOOD cook and a second girl for the country;
small family; good wages. Apply 9 to 12,
1526 Sutter st.
GOOD hand for ladles' tailoring. L. RAD-
LOFF, 363 Geary st.
GIRL to assist with plain cooking and light
housework. 772 Haicht st.
GOOD Ironers wanted at St. Nicholas Laundry,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— 2 young girls to wait at table; ex-
perience not necessary; $4. GSO Fourth st.
GIRL for general housework- $16. 3321 Twenty-
third st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; need not
cook. Call at IS3I Eddy st.
GOOD tailoress on coats. 461 Jessie st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 222
Kearny st.
i WANTED— Neat girl for kitchen work. 621
: Post Bt.
WANTED— apprentice on custom
made coats. 659 Clay st., room 7.
Immediately. Write to M. E.
GOSS, 512 Bath st., Santa Barbara. Cal.
GIRL for second work and waiting; family of
three; wages $20. Apply, with references, box
470. Call office. , /
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Young woman to play piano and
do light housework. Inquire 140 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands on tailor sulft at
once. S. KRAMER & CO.. 220 Powell st :
GIRL wanted for light housework and take
care of children. 532 Fourth st.
GIRL wanted to take care of a child. 1733
Pest st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework.
916 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— German girl for general housework
and assist in store. 150fi Howard St.
NURSE girl wanted. Apply at 530 Turk st.
TWO neat waitresses at 1390 Turk st. Call
2:30 o'clock.
WANTED— Tailoress to work on millinery
work. 916 Market St., room 82.
WANTED— GirI on fine coats and to make but-
tonholes. 143 Larkln at.
GIRL to assist in general housework: small
family; wages $15; call before 12 o'clock. 623
Octavla st.
WANTED— Waitress in restaurant. 113 Turk
Bt.
GIRL to help lady In shooting gallery; call 12
m. 424 Dupont st.
WANTED— Competent Irish girl to do house-
work and plain cooking; no work afternoons:
none but one who understands cooking need
apply; wages $15. Call at 1121 Stelner St.
GERMAN girl; housework and cooking; $16.
Apply Si to 12. 414 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 1534
O'Farrell st.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'.
LEYI STRAUSS & CO., 32V4 Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., Seventh and
Berry sts.
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienced pianist of nbillty Join her high-class
concerts through California, continuing East-
ern and Northern States. Box 307.Ca11. Oakld.
WANTED— A lady as an assistant: must be
healthy, about 80: one having had some ex-
perience in business or nursing preferred.
Address Medical, box 465, Call office.
GIRL; general housework; plain cooking: fam-
ily 3. Call -before 1 p. m., IS26A Sutter st.
WANTED— Coat finishers on men's coats. 61S
Market st., upstairs.
TAILORESS, buttonhole maker and appren-
tices wanted at 509 Kearny st., room 2.
GIRL to help with downstairs work. 1506 Ken-
tucky et.
GIRL, 12 to 14; good home. 1616 California St.
WANTJRD— Cook in restaurant. 113 Turk st.
ACCORDEON pleating factory-; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
::;fi San Jose aye.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS, lft Grant.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives ai
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fuhscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MAN and wife $50: man coachman, woman
cook: bring refs. MISS CXTLLEN, 526 Sutter.
MURRAY A HEADY PHONE MAIN T.S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
36 harvest hands.... s2 to $1 50 day and found
$3 r.O day Hay balers $3 50 day
23 choremen and boys $30 to $15 and found
16 milkers $30, $25 and found
56 steady farm hands.. s3o. $26. J25 and found
1«9 laborers and teamsters for city $2 day
Man and wife with family for mine
$35 and found
f.atmakers Hoys for city factories
2 milk wagon drivers $30. $25 and found
German to drive bakery wagon. .s2o and found
2''B laborers for all parts of California, $3,
$2 5n $2. $1 75 day
12 two-horse t-amsters $2 25 day
18 laborers, fare 50c $*'
29 laborers, fare 70c $60
2? stablemen, etc.... 550. $40. $30, $25 and found
2 tallymen, lumber company $75
Carpenter, Government L". S $50 and found
2 good Iron workers $3 day
12 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
NOTICE
957 other places, not advertised.
CALL AND SEE ....-
Wheelwright, country shop C. C. Co
Slate splitters, wood turners, mill bench hands
Block makers Setters, sawmill
Machinist on corrugated rolls Coopers
Wages above jobs, $5, $4, $3 50. $3. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FRUITPICKERS
grapeplckers
565 men and boys
fares $125 office fee, $1 only
anybody will suit: you will
R0 to 90 days' work; $30 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and C3G Clay St._
WE pay your lares ■
to "S sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
197 men for 50 different Jobs
from laborers to run machines
wages, $26 to $10 per month and found
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers. tree
fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers. woods-
men and mlllmen of every description. $SO.
$76, $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers, shingle and bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE ship you free free far«
to e\ery railroad In California, but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stonemasons, etc., from $3 50 day; board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to is the Coast R. R.)
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay «t.
I MARRIED HELP
I 6 farmers and wives
2 milkers and wives
5 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
wife to cook for men, man ns choreman on
ranch; $60, $SC. $50. $45, $40, $35. $30 and found
MURRAY &■ READY, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEI'AKTM EST BAKERS
; 32 c00k5.. 565, $55, $50, $45, $40, $3», $tO and fo«n«
S 19 waiters $30. $30. $25. $20 and found
I 38 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 first. 5 second, 6 third hand bakers, also S
boys to learn, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25. $20, $15 and
found: come and see us; 15 porters, bedmak-
ers, bel 1 . and elevator boys, pantrymen, jani-
tors. $30, $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laundry-
j men $35, $30. $25 and found
I t< cooks and wives
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
I TO 3S mines big wages
; 12 miners, plngle and double $2 50 day
65 laborers, no experience required, you will
suit, wages *i.7 per month with board, etc.
25 laborers, fere $150, No. 1 mine $60
29 laborers, fore $2 50, sliver mine. .$34 found
13 laborers, fare $4 $37 and found
Great crowds ....MURRAY & READY,
going daily 634 and C 36 Clay st.
; CARPENTERS" BLACKSMITHS
9 carpenters, 16 miles from city, free fare.
house building $3 dny and found
I carpenters, steady Job on a ranch
$2*o day and found
h carpenters. Shasta Co., steady Job $3 day
16 carpenters, different Jobs $3 day
9 blacksmiths; 3 helpers, $3. $2 50 day, $60,
$50, $45, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PATTERN maker for a mine $3 day
night shampooer, city
6 laborers, wine cellar $25 and fcjind
10 plow teamsters, large ranch.. s3o and found
5 strong boys to learn trades, city $1 dny
10 laborers," inside work $«0
10 laborers, city, board yourselves home
$1 S5 day
'MURRAY & READY, KM and 834 Clay st.^
FREE fnre to Los Angeles, Fresno and Ma-
drra districts: teamsters and laborers, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, J34 and G36 Clay st.
A— FOR the Santa Fe Railroad Free fare
Tuennelmen $2 50 day
Teamsters *2 00 a day
laborers $2 00 a day
Board $4 50 a week
Ship every day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and f.3fi Clay 6t.
FAKE PAID DRILLERS" HAMMERSMEN
25 drillers and hammermen $2 75 day
Corner men, bench hands, muckers, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
BIG WAGES
K6 men as laborers for factories, manufac-
turing company, etc., city and country, $3,
$2 50. $2 day Come see.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTEI)— HoteI cook, near city, $10 and
found- restaurant cooks. $9 and $10 week;
bi oiler. $10 week: pantryman. $25. for Institu-
tion- bedmaker, $6 week; hotel waiter, coun-
try $30 and found: restaurant waiters, dlsh-
washerß and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st^
WANTED— MiIker and wife, $65; man and
wife, private family, $50; farmer and wife,
$35 to ?40. -md others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., G2B Sacramento st.
WANTED— Canwasher. $30 and board; carriage
painter, $3 day; 2 carpenters and millwrights
for mine. $.3 50 day; 3 shoemakers on repair-
Ing, $1 70 day; bricklayer; launrlryman. $30
and found: choreman and farmer for Napa
Co., $20: farmers, $26: 4 men and wives, *1">,
$50 and $6n; man about place, $25; 10 drillers.
$2-25 to $2 75 day; 100 woodsmen and laborers
for California and Oregon at going wages; 73
laborers for mines and quarries, Jl 75 to $2
il.iy, and many others. J, F. CROSETT &
CO.. C2S Sacramento si
HELP WANTED — MALE.
10 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For flume building, 2 months' work, ship
to-day
Wages $3 a day; board $4 10 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR THE COAST ROAD
....THIS (TUESDAY) MORNING
NO FEE FREE FARE
Laborers and teamsters $1 75 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmcn $2 50 a day
Teamsters $2 a day
Laborers :..$2 a day
Board $4 50 a week
Ship this afternoon
C. R. HANSEN — CO., 104 Geary at.
FOR MADERA ....... .'. FREE FARE
..TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK..
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON
■ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. . .
10 STONEMASONS, $3 50; helpers, $2; railroad
work Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD camp cook, $60. free fare; cook
and helper, country hotel, $50 and $25; 6 sec-
ond cooks, $35, $40 and $45; 3 neat waiters
for day watch, cafe, $9 and $7 a week;
kitchen hand. $20, and vegetable man for
springs, (-inter's job: 13 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, city, $20 to $30; 2 young men
to learn wulting, $15 a month and' found;
shampooer for Turkish bath. C. R. HAN-
SEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, $40; washer, $40;
plain ironer, $25; washer and starcher for an
Institution, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 j
Geary st.
MILKER and make butter, $25; milker, $25; 6
farmers, $1 a day and board. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER and assistant clerk for this office,
$20 to $30 a month. Apply to C. R. HAN-
BEN, in person, 104 Geary St.
WANTED
cook, country hotel $40:
2 more bridge carpenters for railroad, near
city, $2 75 per day; 4 laborers about mine,
$2 per day; 2 farmers for Santa Clara County. j
$26 and board, see boys here; 20 farmers and
ranch teamsters for different places, near i
city, $25 and $26; farmer and wife, near city,
$45
waiter, country hotel $25
middle-aged man, chores about resort and
handy with tools, $15 and found; 5 men for
brick yard, $30 and board. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st. •
CONCRETE men, laborers and teamsters to j
work on reservoir and wacon road being •
built by California Powder Works at Pinole.
Cal. ; wages, $2 per day: board, $4 50 week; no
discount on time checks; cash paid when
quit. Apply E. M. CARR. supt., Pinole Cal.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton Country
cooks. $40 and $30; waiters, ?25 and $30; dish-
washer, $20; butler. $40, city; waiter, $35,
cook, $50; dishwasher, $25 and $30; laborers, |
$1 25 a day and found; boys or men for light |
work, 75c a day.
WANTED — salesman for Sacramento.
Apply HALE BROP., Inc.. 935-947 Market st.
WANTED— Young man to help In saloon. Cor-
ner Lombard and Lyon st.
■WANTED— man to collect: must be well
acquainted in city and give good reference;
salary $8 week. Address box 484, Call.
WANTED— First-class ribbon salesman; state
age, experience, reference and salary. Ad- i
dress box 2167. Call office.
WANTED— First-class fancy goods salesman;
state age. experience, reference and salary.
Address box 2165. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS operators on coats: steady work
and good pay; also 1 good coatmaker or
baster. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
DISHWASHER; must be able to cook short or-
ders; no Sunday work. 39 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANT an elderly man to cook for 4 or 5 men.
800 Halght st.
NEAT boy. Apply at the Chutes, corner Halght
and Cole sts.. before 12 o'clock.
BARBER wanted for second chair. 797 Mis-
'in st.
WANTED— Experienced picture frame makers.
Apply EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE
BAZAAR.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1805 Halght st.
COO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BRIGHT young boy In wholesale house. ROBT.
L. TOPLIT7J & CO.. 545 Market st.
STRONG boy to learn paperhanging and dec-
orating. Apply at 457 Tenth st.
WANTED — Carpenter to care for house; rent
free. MRS. TANNER. 30 Hannah St., Oak-
land.
HOME for man: light work. MRS. TANNER,
30 Hannah st., Oakland.
BOY.- 16 to 20, strong and willing, in Mar-
ket -st. store. Box 434, Call office.
BOY to learn tailoring at 3S' Grove st.
PORTER wanted for barber shop. 131 O'Far-
rell St. __
BAHBERS— 2-chalr shop $60; rent
$10; living room; sickness. 533 Sixth, grocery.
MAN second cook $40 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Butted st.
3 TEAMSTERS. 3 laborers. Fourteenth aye.
and N st. south, take Thlrd-st. cars.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2009 Fillmore st.
BARBER wanted; stead j\ 122 Third st.
PORTER for barber shop; good, sober man.
607 Laguna st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; work in or out side.
225% Montgomery aye.: good wages.
COOK wanted. 513' i Jones st. Call early.
BARBERS— Paying 5c shop for sale cheap; also
Sterling bicycle. 340's Third st.
WANTED— Bushelman; steady work. Metro-
politan Tailoring Co., 571 Market st.
BOY. also dishwasher, oyster stand. 212 O'Far-
rell st. ■
CUSTOM coatmakers and basters, either ! by
piece or week. 541 Market st.
NIGHT dishwasher. 1390 Turk St.; call from
9 to 2 o'clock.
A BOY to work at plumbing and tinning: call
early. Inquire 534 Minna st.
WANTED— A night cook. 207 Third Bt.
WANTED— Good butcher; steady. 2112 Center
St.. near ShatUiek aye., Berkeley station.
BOY wanted; must be strong. 174 Townsend
street.
STRONG active boy to keep store clean and
run errands; $3 and lunch. 619 Larkln St.
WANTED— Experienced salesman and driver
for mineral water wagon. Apply to Lytton
Springs Water Co., 33 Second St.
WANTED— A printer for the U. S. flagship
Philadelphia; pay $30 per month and board.
Apply on board receiving ship Independence,
Navy Yard. Mare Island.
LUNCH waiter wanted. SE. corner of How-
ard and Main st?.
WANTED— first-class coatmakers and pants-
maker. CHAS. BLISS. Clans Spreckels bldg.
WANTED— AI window trimmer and card
writer. Address The Whltehouse Dry Goods
Co., Spokane. Wash.
WANTED— A good waiter at 1923 Fillmore st.
WANTED — First-class bushelman. Apply
JOHN. REID. 907 Market st. .
COATMAKERS wanted to work inside, 223
Sutter St., upstairs.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter wanted. 723 Mar-
ket Ft., room 85.
FIRST-CLASS ' presser on ladles' tailor suits
at A. CAILLEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS tailors on ladies' suits. A.
KAHN. 142 Geary st.
WANTED — A boy. about 15 or IC. to work
around store and run errands; one with some
experience preferred. Box 475, Call office.
GOOD lively dishwasher. 32*2 Mission st.
WANTED— Oculist or graduate optician with
necessary Instruments; salary $20 per week.
Address box 218 G. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; $15 per
week; steady work. 528 Jessie st.
WANTED— Boy to work In tailor shop. 916
Market St.. room 82.
BOY; drive wagon; help In store; wages $3 per
week. Box 1423. Call office.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker: also ' good
pressman. Apply 135 Natoma st.
LOCKSMITH or vise hand. 1706 Dwlght way.
Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS finisher for custom coats. 1036
Howard st. ; good price.
WANTED— Good block butcher, $30 per month
and found. 3313 Mission St.
BARBERS— Two-chair, paying shop: a. bar-
gain; good prices; short hours. 503 Wash-
ington st. : ■>.: •:
PRINTER for country newspaper; must be
sober and industrious; wages $30 month to
commence; steady employment to right man-
board and lodeUig costs $15 to $18. Address
Good Home. Cull office. .
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st entrance
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
HELP WANTED— MALE^
MAN~well versed In the dry Roods or hard-
ware trade for city; teachers or mlMWonen
wanted Immediately. Call r. 12, Flood bldg.
B yffeg N. d £ T^L^JJ^yKe^ny 3^
AVANTED-Men singers in vested choir; in-
struction .in sight reading. Good Samaritan
Mission. Second St., near Folsom^
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kn°^
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Operators and coatmakers on men's
coats. BIS Market St.. upstairs.
GOOD coatmaker wanted by the week. 410
Kearny st.. room 35. ______
WANTED— Baker's helper. 311 Larkln St.
GOOD steady cake baker wanted. 1139 Fol-
som St. ,
ELDERLY man with $50 cash can make inde-
pendent living. Box 2165, Call office.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.
WANTED- Piano salesman of experience; sal-
ary and commission. Box 2323, Call.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-,
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Sat. wages; positions
guarantee.!; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. 633 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bklg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
TRY our 15c meals; beat in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. KM. Eighth St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15e, 20c, 25c per night; 75c; $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, SC3 1 , Market St..
TRY Acme House, 557 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading room; free
'bus and "baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
PAIR of stylish dappled bay cobs, thoroughly
broke, sound and gentle, with harness, spider
phaeton, etc. Apply to KELLY & SONS, 1629
Pine st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ■
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
/JIF.L. Veterinary Dentist. BOS Golden Gate ay.
— LODGING FOII SALE.
! $225— HOUSE 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market; rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PAFTIES wishing to sell lodging houses sea
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.. new cash buyer dally.
SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location: all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented: near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
APARTMENT house; 28 rooms; corner; 20
sunny; all rented; centrally located. Box
454, Call office. ~ .- -
LODGING-HOUSE of 14 rooms; always rented;
near the ferry: for sale. Box 451. Call office.
Philadelphia House, 421 Bush St.; 48 fur-
nished rooms; gas and water In every room.
$800 BUYS S5-roomed lodglnghouse; central; ac-
| count of sickness. Bex 2171. Call office.
! 11-ROOM house; centrally located; all full; at
a bargain. 1145 Mission st.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M SPECK & CO. 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. j FLATS.
IC6I Octavia; 16 R..5150 665 McAllister; 7 R.s3o
1914 Clay; 12 R 7:. ] 1523 Pine* 6 R 30
: Sll Mission: 5 1t.... 37 417 Jones; 6 R....527 50
1823 Broadway; ■> R. 30 1333 Howard; 6 R.... 19
I 756 Folsom: 7 R.... 21 1 132 Scott; C P. IS
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
DOCTORS— private sanitarium; large cen-
trally located house with 11 rooms. 2 bath-
ronras, spacious cellar and good garden; to
lease. T. O. HEYDENFELDT, 1040 Post St.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
HOUSE 9 rooms; 68 Minna St., sunny aide; rent
$12 ■'■
LAGUNA. 1715 — 2 sunny modern houses, each of
S rooms and bath; newly papered.
NINE rooms, with private entrance; fine for
renting rooms. 313% O'Farrell st, nr. Mason.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2756, bet. Hampshire and
York sts. — House of 6 rooms: bath; yard; all
modern conveniences: rent $"6.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
I
ELEGANT furnished house complete; 7
rooms, bath: telephone, piano; desirable loca-
tion. Box 499. Call office.
LOST AND rOt.VD.
LOST— Small jewelry box containing lady's Din;
liberal reward; no questions asked. Apply
215 Bush St., or 1816 Steiner. -
LOST— Small female pug from premises, 451 Fell
St., last Wednesday; child's pet; reward.
$5 REWARD— Lady's gold watch and pin, dia-
mond star in center. 712 Greenwich st.
! STOLEN— horse and junk wagon, box
blue, wheels red, wagon No. 200; reward. 908
Hampshire st.
LOST— Brindle greyhound bitch, with cut In
each ear; reward. A. JOHNSON, 234 Chenery.
LOST— St. Bernard dog. 302 Valencia St.; re-
turn and receive reward.
LOST— 2 carriage pups, about 3 months old
Return to SWITZIER'S Horse Market, Twelfth
i and Harrison sts. ; $5 reward. -
] LOST— Sunday, a link bracelet containing
eleven diamonds. Return to J. T. WRIGHT,
640 Market st. : liberal reward.
LOST— Discharge paper; ROBERT P. CLARK,
of Captain W. 11. Gordon's Company A, Ist ii
U. S. Infantry. Finder please return the
Fame to the Red Cross tent and oblige ROB-
ERT P. CLARK.
$150 REWARD or full value for return of dia-
mond ring lost -Sept.- 29. Address 711 Van
Ness aye.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
MASSAGE. ~~
I MASSAGE: gentlemen treated at residence D
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st. ; hours. 4 to 5 p. m!
MEDICAL. ~~
BRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market st •
now at 118 Eddy St.. one block from Market!
I DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
I 37 years. 31S Kenrny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
■ ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 610
Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician, 1228
Market »t.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladles' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
MIXES AND MINING. ™~~
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sals
in a: paying gold mine at $1 per share- will
advance to $3 1 within six months: owner 'need
ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
jn^d^t gh owner direct. ||g||||
32 ?or A RI ro a r °L^or°V^ & 'a'p^TV^
_CONKLING. Grand Hotel, October 3 and 4."
M <u F £m AJI .I"!" 1 " 8 attorney, room 40, Bt_
floor. Mills building, S. F. ; tel. Main S4_. MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. !-hand machinery. Mc-
LNTOSH <t WOLPMAN, 155-137 Fremont st.
BAP.s. tack tars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
'ti>rs, linoleum. c:Sce furniture, store and of-
tc« furniture ar.d fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-IC2I-IC-23 Mis-
sion st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counter?, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
beusr.t. told and exchanged. 1063 M!s3ion st.
r*OR sale— Lo: 2:.x!37:6; south side of Golden
Gat«? aye.. bet. Lcguna and Ootavia sts.; in-
come J4O. Address J. UL FRENCH. NW. cor-
■ ncr of EV.i* and rrodorirk sts.
*:'7— V/HITH sewir.r; machine, oak. fiv» drawers,
alinrst new; complete. 191S Mission st.
:D-HAXD do« rs, lumber. f-a=h. etc., for pale
oheajv. old houses l-ought. removd. S Valencia.
FOR si!e— The EJ:scn Dancing Doll; a won-
derful toy. Apply 445 Bryant st.
SMALL stock of ladies' and children's ready-
made garments. Inquire at 1C22 Eiiis Et.
LAW BOOKS bcught and scl.l at REL'BE.Vs!
.4;: Montgomery st.. upstairs.
DO yru know of tools cr machinery fcr sale?
. EPSTEIN. 64S Mission, pays good commission.
COMPOUND condensing Cor!i3» engine and
boilers. Krcsh Mfrr. Co.. Stevenson st.
DR CREELY*S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists cr at the Dr< Hospital.
SAFES— New ar.d second Cor banka. merchants,
ftearr.ers. residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests: buliicn safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-W1 Mark»t St., S. • -.. Cal.
FRESH s::cw tills— "T. Carr" and all brands
Er.silsh fire brick, flre clay, trick dust. S R
CHURCH, 37 Sar.s.-me st.. TeL Main SOSS.
GASOLINE engine.", all purposes; new and
secrr.d hir.d; carriage eng-.nes. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 13)9 Minion st.. near Ninth.
A— W'W DERBY ar.d Fe-lara hats. Jl 75. Popu-
iir Price Hatters, S2O Kearny st.. rear Pine.
SECOND-HAND rr.a.ch:nery. electrical supplies
to;>rs a-"- ermine?. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC arraratus: bargain list NoT
15 r.cw rea-iy for mailing. 109 Montgomery at.
SAFES— New a-.ii se-ond hand. THE HER-
MANN SAKE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, enpir.?.". lathes, woiid planers, i; and
: '24 1r..; pa? *nr. 2d hand. J. B-j^-:->, 133 Boaie.
DRESS pants, J2 75; One t salt.^ JIO; S MISFIT
'CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 M -vi : f - -. ■* ry st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
S DENTAL chairs; mutt be Al ar.d a bargain.
Ohio Cer.taJ Parlors, inc.. S3O Market st. ;
' cp«3 evenir.fs and Sundays. J to !.
WANTED— To hire. ICO first-class scriper teams
with harness and pead bars; leng Jco. E. 3.
STONE. Elmhurst.
WANTED — Use cf p'aro for storage: respon-
sible rarty; no children. C. 3.. KS Ellis Et.
-A— Ladles' or gents' clcthir.ar, r-jrr.'.f-re bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOSS. :023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, grid d-.:«t. r'.at:=rm and sihrer
boueht. H. 'Lan-.'^-ker & Ct . '15 Mir.tgorr.ery.
mom TO LOAN.
AKT amount on furniture, piancs, without re-
Eovai, cr any ether good security; Lyabie
back in Installments cr -■: whole; if you
ewe a balance on the purchase rice we will
pay it ar.i carry the loan as Ion.; as you de-
sire; avoid red tape ar.d publicity: see us first;
ycu wtil be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-S3 Donohoe bide.. 1170 Market st
AVOID d-:!ay:-: try all others, then see me;SSSta
}; '" S per cent: Ist, 2d cr chattel rriort-
gages:estates in probate, undivided interests m
estates, legacies ar.-! mortgages boaght; advice
."•'. money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital J100.0CO: loan
- ney on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lan-suits In all courts- en contingent
• fees; employ able counsel: legal advice free by
mail cr at office. 214 Pine Ft., room, 64.
LOANS en Bit ere Of pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land cr Alameda at lowest rates, without
remoTal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1C23 Mission St., abovt
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain !:kers'i advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Je.weiry
Store. 545 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 13 Third st.
ANT amount cf 64 per cent on real estate. Jd
ar.d 2d rtgagt estates, real estate in pro-
bate; rncrtira^-s ar.d legacies bousht: no de-
lay. P.. MeCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, -m. i.
ANT amc'jnt by private party en furniture and
piar.rs: no removal; low rates; confidential.
EONELLI. Conservatory b'.dg.. 130 Powell st.
PARTIES dealrooa of rowing 5". to J2ia( on
■ nr.te or business at 8 per cent, address Lender,
box 123 E. Call efflce.
MONEY to loan: quick: all propositions; small
or !ar?e. KLOTH. 22* California St., room 7.
LOANS en furniture, pianos- Jewelry, stock; low
rat-rs. J. H. EPSON', 120? Broadway. Oakland.
A BELLA.BLE place :o borrow money on dia-
Mnonda. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
Ca?H loar.ei to salaried pecpie on ncte w'.th-
oot Indorser. MORRELL. €03 Examiner bide
JcO TO |%600; lowest r_te«- it ai 2d mortgs.:
.■ ar.y prepositfen. DRTDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
■ commission: private. LICK. 113 McAllister St.
MONET l^»r,ed salaried people on their notes
withcut il.'Jonier. TOUSLET. 532. Parrctt hi?
IF ycur property is mortgaged and you need
■ mere money see '-• MURPHY. SSO Market •■
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— S2I. OTO or less, by responsible par-
ties: srood real estate security: Interest 6 : i
'•rer cent: n<-> azents. Address box S"^. Call
v rf.r», r-akiar.d."
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A's ■»» are selling g?cd upright- places fcr J3
cash ar.d J<i per month, we ask you to Inveatl-
.' eaie ar.d approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for ail cash; bargains
In g»2 second-hand uprights upon same ea«y
' jjajrmeEts and seme gord piancs for J3, Jl 4.-. i
:Jo p-«rr month. SHERMAN. CLAT i CO.,
• Etelnway dealers, corner Kearr.y and Sutter
st«.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
■ Brra-iwar. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
' '-We_t of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
' 26, 25 and 30 Q'Farr*!! St. : pianos, orgajis and
••■ all ether musical instruments cf all grades
.-and prices; terms <:asy; prices lowest: every-
thir.z r-'fesii-!* d-ne to please and satisfy the
1 customer.
A. FEW GOOD BARGAIN-?:
. Bo rd upright: g--od for r.raetlce Jll3
. Chtckerlngr; rood order l<so
,'• "Smith & Barn»s lsj
■■■ A!?o. splendid squares from J35 BJ en $4
■ . ji'.'rr.^rts: no interest.
.. '.BfZNJ. CURTAZ? & SON. 1* O'Farr°U st.
SMALL upright for J100; Herr.rr.^ & Long. J173;
•-.Gibscn 122^: Decker & Son. J330; all bargains
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
YOU get gqod pianos at reasonable prices and
-.on easy terms at MAITVAIS". 7^i Market st.
AN elezant Ste'inway upright; half price. P.ocm
■■ 10. Flood building.
A— UPRIGHTS, }<:• up; Installments, j; 73 up;
rents. J2 up tallowed en sale). Heine. 139 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st-. agent for
; Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis piancs.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Ban_.
GOOD piano in storage en sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1711 Market st.
A— JV, UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
• ' the famous Hcrnung Bros. CIS McAllister st.
CHEAP Ste:nway upright: also the famous
;Hornnag Bros." piancs. 215 McAllister st.
ScjKMER, Byron klaui and other pianos. SOS
;. : Po«t tt. ■
rWANTED— ; Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BTRON MAUZY. 3<# Post St.
JC-NABE. piancs: nt-w scale; r.ew styles. KOH-
_LEP. & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell It.
SrPEP.inR vtotlrs, zithers, eld and new. 11.
Mtr'l.Kß. rrak»r. r»ra'.rer. - I-atham p'>-e.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE «.r.a 3 room*. 3U Third st.; well lo-
■ c-ated fr.r French laundr;.-; large yard.
STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; Z room*
«nd c-jner^te r»lla.r; (rood location for bakery.
MISSION. ~27— Stcre and : rooms, suitable for
.-. iavntiry; lar^e yard; rent Jl".
FOR r«r.t cr fcr lease, SC3 Howard St.. large
■ >:t» an^l iarg» oencret" basement.
PALMISTRY. .
MME. NHERGAARIT pup7Tc^~O^t~St~Ger^
rr.ain. Cli Geary St., above Jones; classes;
cf.ee hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : reading by mail. r.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $2:00 to increase stock hard^
ware business : cleared JCCW In 1 yr. : -•tab.
ever :» yrs. M. E. M.. Call office. Oakland.
PERSONALS.
PP.ETTT blue-eyed baby girl for~adoption^7
Smonthj ell. Bex 477. Call.
A— THE manufacturfrs of The Star Hair Rem-
edy call attention to the fict that on ac-
count oi the greatly increased d.-mar.d for
their hair remedies their stock of bottles has
has tyen exhkusted: they hope in the near
future to be ab!e to supply all demands ar.d
f;!l back orders. At druggists, hairdressers
or The Star Remedy Co.. S5« Geary st.. S. F.
ASSORTMENT d imported and domestic rem-
nants :cr euits to order. 110 75: .ants. %i 75;
Dcthlss hiefcer. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1641
Marl St.. under St. Nicholas HoteL
PERSONALS.
TO rent— 9-rocm lodging home; rear entrance;
rewly painted, papered. 313' i O'Farrell st
FRINGES, braids, beads anil Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, 723 Market st.
FREDRICKA CLODUIsI nee LINDEN.
nee HOHN, having le.'t my bed and board.
I. AUGUST F. CLODUIS, will not be re-
sponsible fcr any d»bts con'.rActed by her
alter this date. October 1, lS"^).
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic is not a
liair dye— nourishes the hair and is very bene-
f.oial to it. G. LEDEP.ER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 2oc for latest hair style?; he uses Schsf-
fler's Colorine fcr dyeing' the hair, only %i 58
to i.; price 75c box. 123 Stockton tt.
WANTED— Name and address of persona owing
Cages to Pacific States Building and
Loan Association, who have paid in on stock
t;r 6or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG.
€32 Market st., S. F.. room ii.
JOHN L. DOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. ai 1 right
No. 4 Sutter St.. Lavs a 2r<»cialty
San Tranc'.sco. Cal. ', American and Foreign
Per:d for circular. ; Patents Solicited.
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made
suit? At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
13CC Si ton. I paid for same at Jl per week.
ANT'; and curiosity shop; goo 3 bcught,
sola, exchanged. IZZ Dupont rt.. nr. Cal.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
?5c to Jl 50 per night: Jl 50 to IS per week;
tree 'bur ar.d rjaßtrsirc to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace cf Art. 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted frcm S:3O p. m. to 11:30 p. m, E.
HAQUETTE.
MRSX.J.WKEELOCK has - -moved La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market: phone Folsom 445.
PAINTING and p.iper hanging: rooms papered.
CM up. JENSEN & BATH. SOI Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. S»e S. R. CHURCH. 207 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewln? machines: no frlc-
ticn. Whit Sewing Ma nice Co.. 300 Pest st
MMF LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
frcm OFarrell to 132 Eddy St.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
tors, !3S Kearny St.. first flocr. rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORE! - watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 183 Sixth St.. near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. rafri of fine furs and seal
garn:»r.ts: also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free,
Drs. Mansfield & Pcrterfle'.d. sis Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair sDeeiallsts. trrow hair
or r.o cay: book for stamp. C Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-c2 cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; r.o tr.jec-
ilcn: gqarantd. Dr. G:r=:n. 514 Pir.e. ab. Krny.
EI'IT? to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet 7th and «th.
WANTED— OId cold for manufa-ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. US O'Fi:- bet. Powell -'- Mas-.n.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country order? our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 G?ary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
IC2IH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Sevnth.
REAL . ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AT^aT^TsPECK^&^CO. ' S ,
In the Examiner building,
GOOD INVESTMENTS.
jj^OccA-Grar.d investment within block of Call
bldg. ; lot 210x70 ft.; one tenant; rents JSC-00.
J73 iv»o — Grand Investment: 2j5x37 ft.; rents
J3oo:' near Ferry: cost 1103,000.
J14<).0"0 — 6-story stone, brick and iron building:
rents JIO.fWQ per annum; guaranteed lease; S
years' lease.
$40. cro — Grand investment; vic'.nlty of Mason
St.; rents J4-:i
J30.000— Stores and 12 flats; rents 53>3; lot 50x
165 ft.
-Grand investment: block frcm Stock-
ton and Market; lot 33x137; oH Improvements:
pays 5 per cent net; If Improved will pay 10 per
cent.
J14.000 — Geary si near Mason; 'stare and lodg-
ing-house.
Jlt.COJ — First St.; 37-foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission.
$12. wj — Mason st.. not far from Geary st.; 3."
foot front.
{14.0<K>— 3 elepant flats of 9 rooms each: rents
J115: (salt wat»r>: near Geary st.. doawtown.
110.500— New flats; very fine: rents Kto.
JlO.OOC — Ninth st.. n<*ar Mission; business.
J£sQ<>— Market si flats; lot 30 feet front: a
snap.
$45<X>— Stockton st.: rents S7O; lease 10 years.
JsoCO— California st. : 3 flats; rents HZ.
fi'Tfi — Turk s:. ; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from J>tf'V!; laree lot.
J'TM — Cozy 7-room house; lot "ixlOO ft.; nice
group is: rent JIS ."0.
JCW— 2 flats: rents $15.
j:r,O— Cozy new cottage; large let, used for
chickens and vegetables.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK 4 CO.S, S«7
Market st.
J43OQ— FINE dawntewn 9-room home: brick
foundation: large lot 37:£x?o: *p!er.did view;
h»althy location; bank mcrteaa-e £200. Box
22r-s. Call nffice.
A BARGAIN— JI"/o : ... cottaee: owner.
W4 Battery St., in barber shop.
FOR sale — House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
families: lot 25x110: on Thirteenth st-. in West
Oakland: price 11700; cheaper for cash; offer
wanted; going East the caus». For particu-
lars apply to WM. CHRIBTI Reai Estate
Agent. 1753 Seventh st., W«t Oakland.
NEW~HOMES ~
Five. 6. 7. 9 and 10 r"«m houses, finished
v th all modern conveniences, frcntinz on
Wa'.'er. Fierce and Primrose sts.. from J3lOO
to J4s<o; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
PROPERTY redeemed; money advanced for
Improvement?; sale guaranteed In 13 days;
cash offer in 24 hours: no expense; no delay.
P. A. DOLAN. 636 Market st.
IF you have lots north cf Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. DUNN, 41) Montgomery st.
HOOO-^ll5 LOMBARD St.; lot 50x50; house of 9
rooms and bath; brick foun-iatlon; a bargain.
Apply <G0 Montgomery aye.
TWO eleeant bouses on Scott «t.. near Call-
fornia; cheap. J. H. CAR?- 11 Montgomery.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, M pages, sent to any address In the
United States, rostrald. for Jl r> A r year
[(KM. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
jscob: woßTii'rrooo! ~~
Lot lOOxii-'tf, corner San Lear.tl: road and
Rose St.. In Fitchburjj; new baildinx, con-
taining store. 6alocn. 7 rooms, a!! Improve-
ments; In perfect order: fine garden: stable
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be Id; account sick-
ness of owner. Apply on premises to C.
CLUXDT: San Leandro electric car passes
door: also branch office Call. Oakland.
WANTED — Ranch on shares; will furnish
cash. H.. 102V4 Sixth st.
HUMBOLDT Co.— Dairy farms for sale: red-
wood, grazing '»-!; G. H. Burchard. Arcata.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE bunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 42« Kearny.
BUSH, 1203—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing: gas stove and bath.
CHESTNUT, 2?3. corner Dupont— 2 or more fur-
nishi rooms, compute for housekeeping, with
bath.
CLAY, 24-1. la rear, near Flllmor*-2 unfur-
nished upv*r rooms; water; rent $7.
EDPT. *>\:*—Z unfur. cr furnished moms, newly
elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
EPDT, Jit— Nicely furnished bousekpfl rooms:
splendid location: private res.; no children.
EIGHTH. 348, n »ar Marlrtt— 2 sunny double
front carlcrs, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping; private family.
ELLIS. I3C— 2 small rooms; In rear; furnished
for "hous«-keepir.jr.
ELLI?, Jjns — 3 to i unfurnished rooms !n mod-
ern sunny flat: all conveniences; cheap.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished rooms, double and sin-
gle, 15 to 17; store wi i housekeeping. JIS.
FOLSCM, ;25— Larce sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping ; Jl M weekly.
FOLPOM. '-I3— Parlor floor, 3 large rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; al! conveniences.
FOLSCM. 735— Housekeeping room* and double
room*. J2 up; single rooms. Jl up.
GEARY. s"«— Nice sunny suites for housekeep.
ing: double and single rooms; phene.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Two front rooms;
reasonable: housekeeping.
HARRISON. 735— Fine sunny furnished fiat of
three or four rooms for housekeeping: gas,
bath. Call I to S afternoons.
HOWARD. S23— Housekeeping- rooms. Jl 73 to $3
per week; also ether rooms.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. U Grant aye.
JACKS 920. near Masai -Large furnished
housekeeping rooms. $*: single $4.
JONES. 114— Two rooms, complete for house-
keeping; ground ficcr; 115.
LARKIN. Large sunny back room, neatly
furnished; cLe or two persons, $« 50; sunny
email room, $4; light housekeeping.
THE SA:N~ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3. 1599.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
LEWIS. IS, off Taylor, near Post— sS: large un-
furnished room and kitchen: also small room.
MCALLISTER,. 1131— Furnished parlor, bed-
rcom. dining-room, kitchen: bath: no children.
MINNA, 111H— Furnished housekeeping- bay-
window suite, with riano: J2 r-0 per, week.
OFARRELL. 1C23. near Van Ness— Parlor suite
with kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites fcr housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at UN Va-
ler.cia -'
ROOMS TO 1.1.I — Furn. and I nf am.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSeTi4S Six -.r. - Rooms.
Be to $1 per night; ?1 25 to 5* per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10&6 Va-
lencia st.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath: rooms COc to JIM day. MRS. J. KING.
AT £2 Second st.. double rooms for week. Jl SO
to $3; single. $1 to Jl 10: day, Xc to 50c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market <eld No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 7CG— Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at V per month; private.
CARROLTON. 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rtns. & ofSces.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms; Jl 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY. 2C>9 — Newly furnished large sunny front
room with German family.
EIGHTH. VPAu n-=ar Market— Nice sunny bed-
room and kitchen.
ELLIS, 3.1 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25-:
a night. Jl a week up; reading room.
EXCELSIOR House. SI Turk. cor. Taylor-New
mangt. : sunny front bay-wind, mis. ; trans' nt.
FIFTH. 122— a week; larsre sunny furnished
rvom; closet, bath; private.
FULTON, 121*^ — 2 suriny fr<"nt furnished rooms;
rar.ge; water: large yard: rent $*.
GEARY 14A— Handsomely furnished suite: also
single rooms; reasonable.; transient.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable fura.
rooms: travelers accommodated. 3£RS. K.YER.
GEARY, 551 — Elegant sunny front parlor:
piano, phone; housekeeping and other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN-Southeast cor. Seventh
a-.: Mission its —Sunny rooms, en suite or
Single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7&J Mission— Select family
rooming hcuse: SI 50 to ■■' per week.
HOWARD. 715— sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
2ic tc SOc per night: Hi to J3 per week.
LAC-UNA. <S4i:. near Hayes— A nice, furnished
sunny front room.
MINNA. 667, comer Eighth— Netvly furnished
bay-window rotm; Jl per week: tram •
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single. t" up; also h*kpg.
OAK. 3S." — Nicely furnished sunny front room;
private family; gar. bath: M «nth.
O'FARRELL. sS7— Large rocm. suitable for I
cr 2 gentlemen; private family.
POLK. 1>27. bet. Washington and Jackson—
Sunny front rooms: furnished: use of bath:
quiet" location; cars handy; private family;
reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 21 Eighth St..
near Market— Famished and unfurnished.
STOP hunting furnished rooms: get list free.
Pacific Rocm Renting Co.. 426 Kearny st.
SUNNY furnished rooms, with , or without
housekeeping: every convenience. 2522 Six-
teenth st. :
THE Oik?. 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Propriator.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming hou^e
for good pecpl-. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 303— Housekeeping rooms. 12 per week;
a!.-=o sineie rooms for men.
TO LET— Furnished rooms. 11l Eizhth st.,
near Mission: quiet house.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has teen established at 10?fi Va-
lpricla <=t.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
J2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 143 Sixth: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
rairi-c at lowest rates. VIS Fourth St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GOLDEN Jubilee celebration. I. O. O. F.—
Sealed proposals will be received at the office
cf the Executive Committee, Seventh .md
Market sts.. up to noon. October 7. for the
restaurant, icecream, soda water and candy
privileges at the Mechanics' Pavilion, for Oc-
tober IS 13 and 20. Address J. H. GILMORE.
Chairman of th» Hall Committee. (No liquors
will be allowed.) By order of the Executiva
Committee, V. S. O. CLIFFORD. Sec.
LADlES!— Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the bert: safe, reliable; take na
ether: stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies." in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Ch-.chester Chemical Co.. Pbiladel . Pa.
NICE private home in confinement: mast rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfeiller. mid-
wife. K'l2 Folsom. nr. 16th: phone White 1344.
ROOMS papered Tr<rn J3; whitened. Ji up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. SIS 3d st.
NICE private home In confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfelffpr, mid-
wife. IF torn, nr. 16th: r-h'-ne Whit? 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4 lection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO. . -'" Montrcmcrv =• . room" S-11: te}. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CAI.A. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 23.
PIEP.CE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. ... cor. Powell: t«l. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New Hou«e, • rooms and bath: lot Mx
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply t.i W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chagln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. HIS Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sal*— In the best part of Berkeley, house
of 9 rooms: new: ail modem improvements;
large lot. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
adjoining Postofflce, Berkeley.
TO let— Famished house of 13 rooms; 6 acres
of land: carriage house, etc. Apply JOSEPH
J. .MASON. Real Estate, adjoining Post-
offi-:?. Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine residence site; comer Vine
and Spruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley; outiock on bay; very desirable for
home;- garden, orchard; any amount. Terms.
owner HEMENWAY, I5l<S Spruce.
BERKELEY BOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, tath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, cnicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to train* and university greunds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
RARE chance for hotel man: J5OO to close an
estate; large corner lot with ei?i;ant 24-roum
house: cc«t JAW. M. L. WURTS. Seven-
teenth and Breadway.
J75 CASH, tfi monthly till paid for; lot 100x175:
trees, shrubbery, living springs; can b* mad-
a model chicken ranch; away from the cold
winds and fog: ten minutes" walk to local
Eteam cars; close to electric car lines; build
' your home or we will build for you: pay-
ment a.> low as rent: price In all Js,"«;Ga-
lindo Tract Annex, adjoining- East Oakland;
come and see this; call or send for circular;
435 Seventh »t.. nr. Broadway. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z». JONES, owner.
SACRIFICED— I elegant new houses In course
of construction on I3d st., bet. Grove and
West; ail modern improvements: street work,
sidewalks done: small payment dr>wn; balance
monthly if desired: houses open for inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 2Cth.
SUNNY modern cottage; large rooms; flowers;
fruits, chickens; handy to school. local trains;
easy payment! MRS A. GOODRICH. 1173
East Sixteenth St.. Oakland..
FOR sale. JBS«>-^A good '"Investment, four-
room cottage, with bath, basement, brick
foundation: rented for %$ per month: mu*t
be sold. Apply at once to R. J. MONTGOM-
ERY, m Thirteenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath; barn:sS9 '
.:■■ Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLA»J> FIRM! IKE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schelihaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indcrvtrd with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MART ELL- In this city. September 12, 1599, to
the wife if F. H. Marteil. a son.
SCHMIDT— In Oakland. September IS, 1539, to
the wife of C. G. Schmidt, a daughter.
MAKEIZD.
PHILLIPS— In this city. October 1.
ISS*. by the Rev. Philip Coombe. Dr. Irvin
R. Fanner and '■:.- P. Phillips, both of
San Francisco.
F"L'iUI-:- REID— In this city, September 2S,
15!'S>. by the Rev. James Woodwcrth, Myron
FoSger in I Lucy Reid, both of San Francisco. :
HYMAN— SOLOMOX— In this city. October 1, I
IW, by the Her, Dr. J. Nleto, Walter A. Hy- j
man of Folsom and Lillian Solomoa of San
Francis CB.
DIED.
An tost, Louis McKe#. John
Collins, William P. O'Donnell, Mary
<-r»we. Charles Robinson, John
Flynn, Catherine Roche. William A.
Kahn, Joseph Run.'. Mabel F.
Kreft. Catharina Borbier, Josephine M.
Krouse, Samuel R. Sullivan, Jeremiah J. j
McGuire, Captain P.
ANTONI— In this city, October 2. ISW. Loui3
Antoni. beloved son of Mrs. Mary Wlelle/,
brother of Alphonse Antoni. Bad nephew of
Mrs. J. Lrtstel. a native of Alsace, Germany,
aged 35 years 2 months. and 2? days.
(LTThe funeral will take place to-morrow 1
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, pom the ur.dertak- |
ing larlors cf Valente, Marirl & Co.. 1124 {
Stockton street. Interment Holy Cross feme- j
tery. - ;
COLLINS— In this city, October 2, 1599, Wil- {
liam P., beloved son of Catherine Collins. 1
and brother of Mrs. Mary Crounke and
Thomas H.. John J., George D. and Katie
Collins and the late James Collins, a na-
tive of I'ach^co, Contra Co«ta County, Cal.,
aged 21 rears 11 months and 24 days.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 5:30 o'clock, rrom his late
residence, 320 Ninth street, thence to St. |
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CREWE— In West Berkeley. October 2, IS9?,
Charles, beloved husband cf Sarah A. Crewe. !
father of Amy E., Lillie 8., Harold D. and
Violet A. Crewe, brother of Thomas A.
Crvwe, and son-in-law (.f Henry Wlndrum. a
native of England, aged W years 11 months
and 2 days.
E_TFrienii3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 72S Charming- way, between Fourth and I
Fifth street?. West Berkeley. Interment !
Mountain View Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city, October 2. I?S9, Cath- >
erine, beloved, wife of the late Patrick, Flynn. j
mother of John and Maurice Flynn and the
late Dennis. Patrick and Mary Flynn, and 1
sister of Maurice and Edward Hayes. Mrs. j
Johanna. Wallace and Mrs. Mary Mitchell. ,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged Co ;
years.
KAHN— In this city, October 2, l?r>9. Joseph.
beloved husband of Melani Kahn. and father ]
of Sydney and Theresa Kahn. Mrs. M. Myers ;
and "Maximilian and the late Godfrey Kahn. a :
native of Wurtembergr, Germany, aged 64 j
years S months and 2 day-.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited tt> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from h'.s late
reldence, 2.:ot> Clay street, between Fillmore
and Steiner. thence to B'nai B'rith Hall. 121
Eddy strpet, where funeral ■ernces) will be
held under the auspices of Columbia Lod^e
No. 127, I. O. B. 8..' commencing at 2 o'clock.
KREFT— this city.. October 2. KM Cath- ;
nrina Kr-^ft. dearly beloved daughter of John
W and- Francises* Kreft. and sister of Fan-
nie Louisa arnl William Anton Kreft. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aced 2 years 4 months
and 10 days.
__TFrien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Tuesday.) at 1 o'clock, from the residence
. ■
First. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery .by j
KROrSE— In this city, October 2, 1599. Samuel
R., dearly beloved husband cf Leonora ;
Krouse.
Notice of fun«ral hereafter.
McGUIRE— In this city. September 30. ISJ9.
Captain Patrick McGuire. beloved father of
John Thoma? Joseph. Frank and Edward
McGuire Mrs. Charles Free] and Mrs. Fred ;
Anderson, a native of Ireland- aged 61 years.
f^TTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence of ,
his eon. Thomas McGuire. 7 Dale place, off
Golden Gate avenue, between Leavenwortn
and Hyde streets, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street,
for services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy |
Cross Cemetery.
McKEE— In this city. September 30. I'M. John, !
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth Me- j
Kee and beloved father of Thomas. Annie,
James, John and Emma '■' Kee. a native of
County Mcnaghan. Ireland, aged a yean and
6 mcr.ths. A member of Lincoln Post, G. A. j
R. (New York papers please copy.)
E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect i
fully !n,vited to attend the funeral thia day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from his ■••-■«- i
dtnee. 360 Elizabeth street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty- I Vlcksburg and
Sanchez streets, where services will be held.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
• NELL- In this city. October 2. US'), j
Mar ODonnell. beloved mother of Edward, :
Patrick J. and the late MU-ha»l O'Donnell. a
native- of Lismcre. County Waterford Ire-
lan.'.. aged 88 years.
ET'Friends and acquaintances axe respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, frcm her late
residence. 113 Third avenue, eft Point Lobos j
aven'.ie. thenc* to Star of the Sea Church, :
Eighth avenue, where a requiem high mas 3
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul. |
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. .
ROBINSON— la this city. October 1. 1899, John
Robinson, beloved husbar.d of Han Robin-
son, a native of England, aged 67 years.
ROCHE— In this city. October 2. .1599. William
A., betwved husband of Nellie L. Roche, be-
loved son of the late Mr and Mrs. Michael
Roche, and brother at Archie. Mol'ie and
Maggie Roche and the late Mrs. John Rior-
dan an.i Mrs. Joseph Dcering, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 year*.
irsTFriends ar ! acquaintances are respect-
fully inirtted to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Wednesday), at 9:!0 o'clock, from his late
rVsid«ncv\ 1245 Sixth avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, tnence to All Hallows' Church. where :
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the rer>ose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
CpmetTi".
RULE— Bisbee. Arts., September 29. 1899.
Mabet F.. beloved wife of John M. Rule, and
granddaughter of Captain Joel and Eunice!
B. Pharo of East Oakland, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 6 months and IS
days.
C3"Friend« and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral service* I
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family residence. S7O Franklin street. Oakland, j
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SORBIER— In Los Gat October 1. 1599. Jo-
sephine Marie Sorbier. beloved daughter of
rule! E. and Louis? A. Sorbier, sister of
Marie and Cecil* M. Sorbier, and niece of G. j
E. Bacon, a native of San Francisco.
!TJr Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<W<»dn»sday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 420 Van. Ness avenue, thence to
the Church of Notre Dame de? Victolrcs. !
Bush street. between Stockton and Dupont.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele- ]
brateil far the repose of her soul, comment- !
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Drivate.
-- • ;vAN— In this city, October J. MM Jere- i
miah 3 Sullivan, beloved -brother of John J. ■
Sulliran. : Mrs. John O'Neil. Mrs. Mary Fen-
ton and the late D. J. Sullivan, a native of ;
Courty CorU. Ireland. agr*d 59 years.
HtSRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
M Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South i V
■ ■ i
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chai. H. Jacob.
CHAS- H JACOB & CO- SHS? H wl E h
' Snock. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers. *: . Mason strest. bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213. '
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Continued From Page Ten.
Notice to Mariners.
COOS BAT BEACON LIGHTS— OREGON.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector. I
. PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 2. 1559 j
Notice is hereby • given that on October 1. i
I?S9. the following described beacon lights will I
be established In Coos Bay. Or.: ',
North Eerd Beacon Light— A fixed white !
lantern light. S feet above the water, sus- I
pencJed from an arm on' a ein^le pile in six 1
feet of water, on the northeasterly Fide of ,
the channel, opposite North Bend Point, Coos.!
Bay. Or., as a guide ' In the channel leading
to Mari>hfleld. It should not be approached
nearer than 4TO feet. Tangent to Russell Point ,
NW (i N: tangent to Jordans Point E V N;
Porter Wharf 'outer endi 6 by E *» E.
Stave Mill Beacon Light— A fixed red lantern i
light, eight feet above the water, suspended
from an arm on a three-pile beacon on the
westerly edge cf the channel, about 200 feet
souti of the outer end of the wharf south
of the stave mill, and marks the entrance to
the newly dredged channel leading to Marsh
field. The beacon is bare at low water. Wharf
south of stave mill N by W "- W.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1«35," page 40: "List of
Lights and Fos; StanaJs, Pacific Coast. 1599,"
pase 20. Nos. 51 and 59.
By order of the Lighthouse Beard.
- W. L. FIELD,
Commander. V. S. X. Inspector Thirteenth
Liyhthoufe District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times ami Heights of Hirh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlcb and low water? recur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide la the tame at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition o: tr.e titles
the early morning tiles are given ■• the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time coiumn gives the second tide of
he day. the third time column the third tide
and the" la?t or right hand column sives the
!a«t tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a* ■ times occur. The height;
aim are In addition to the soundings on the
I'nlted .States Ccaat Survey charts, except
wh&n a minus bJcti (— ) precedes the height,
and then th- number ?iven is subtracted from
:h» depth ?lvn hv the charts. The plane of
Steamer Mwements.
SAIL.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphie Offlc*. U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exrhange, San Francisco. Cat,
October 2, IS»9.
Th- time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon or the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time
C. G. CALKIN?.
Lieutenant Commander. D S. N.. in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October :
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 00 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Green, El hours
from Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr George Lcomis, Bridgett, 37 hours from
Ventura.
Br -■■ f 'Wellington, -almond, 56 hours from
Derarture Bay.
Cr ship Silberhorn, Gibson. 121 days from
Antwerp.
Schr Equatcr, Robinson, IIU days from Ko
d!ak.
Schr Alice Kimball, iladsen, M hours •- -
MenJocino.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 2.
-— - Queen, Jepsen, Victoria: GockJall, Per
kins ft Co.
Stmr Orizaba. Nicholson. San Pedro; Gocd
all, Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. October 2.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Ptrnr Alcazar, Gunfi^rson. — .
Stmr Weeott. Ellis, Eureka.
Stmr South Coast. Olwn. .
Sclir Reliance. Skipper. .
Schr Bender Brothers, Wet; Bowens Land
la*
Sctir J Eppingrer. Co'.strup. Bowens Landing.
Schr Coquille River. Pearson, lulllc River.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Silberhom— On Sept 17. in lat
29 13 N. lon 124 .V. Br shiD Glenard. hence
Sept 6, for Antwerp.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LOBOS, Oct 2. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity I mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Oct 2— Bktn Gardiner
City, hence Sept 8.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct Schr Mi
weema, from Cane Nome.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct I— Schr Comet,
from San Pedro; Haw ship Euterpe, from
Seattle.
Sailed Oct 3ehr Maria E Smith, for San
Pedro; bktn "Willie R Hume, for Port Gam
ble.
PORT ANG ELKS— Arrived Oct 2— Ship Wa
chu&ett, hence Sect iO.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived* Oct 2— Bark
Gen Fairchild. hence Sept IS.
PORT GAMBLE— Oct 2-Chil ship Star
of Italy, for Port Blakeley.
Arrived Oct 2— Bktn Willie R Hume, from
Port Ladiov.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed — t 2— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct -- Bktn Glt^aner, from Kahului;
stmr Xewbnre. her.es Sent 2S.
COOS BAY— Car bound Oct I— Stmr-s Empire
and Arcnta. for San Kra-ncisco.
B«il( Oct 2— Stmr Arcata. for San Francisco:
!=tmr Rival, tor San Francisco; gtmr Ruth, for
San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct I Schr Annie Lar?en,
from fan P?dro: bark Wllr.a. hence Sept 15.
Oct I— Stmr Olympin, from Yokchama.
ECREKA— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Oct I.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct .2— Stmr Columbia,
hence Sept 3J>; stmr Aberdeen, hence Sept 23.
Sailed Oct Stmr Brunswick, for San Fran
-
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Noyo,
hence Oct 1. •
Seiled Oct 2— Schrs Xorma and Sequoia, for
San FranciscoJ ■
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Challenger,
hence S<*ct 12-
Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Humboldt. for Dy»a; «mr
Al-Kl, for Dyea; s tmr Faralion. for Dyea.
stmr Excelsior, for San Francisco: Br ship
River Falloch. for United Kingdom.
USAL— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr TilUmook, hence
Sept 30; stmr Nararro, hence B«p» B.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Oct -— Br stmr Moana,
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Sept -Stmr San Juan,
for Panama; stmr Co«ta Rica, for Panama.
Oct I— Stmr San Jose, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Arrive--! Oct I— StHW 8t Faui. from
Seattle.
NAN'AIMO— Arrived r vt I— Haw Ftmr San
- ark C D Bryant, hence
Sept I?.
> 'A M^AO— Arrived Oct I— Schr Novelty, from
Columbia River.
HONGKONG Arrived Sept :S— Br s:rr.r Wye
field, from Manila
TRANPATLANTir 1 STEAMER?
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Amster
dam. Irvzn Rotterdam.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Get !— Stmr Moana. for
San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Numidian,
from Qlaasow.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct I— Stmr Allen.
New York, for Mas rcnoa.
PHILADKLPHIA — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr
Penniand, from Liverpool.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
» 2 I
; PALACE HOTEL. '..'.■ \
H B Wood. San Jose |\V C Johnson. Maine <
Mrs M C Rankin, L A F P Morrison. Cat "
Jchn Rankin. Los Ang J G McKinley. Los An |
Chas Rankir.. Los An; A Goodman, N V
jE • Corrlgan. Chicago H A Anderson, Boston!
P L Crorat, N* V iChas -Dunphy. N* B W
i E >; Wheeler. XT "W A Brewer. S Mateo
R B Beals, Boston :? S Lamb. London '■
S VT Whltmore. Ohio R Dabler. X V
C J Byxbee. Fresno D B Charleson. B C
:E ? Gordon, S Rosa Mi*» Charles, n. B C j
•■ Mrs Gordon. S Rosa D Melone Oak wood |
! E Sadler. USX C D Wrijrht. San Jose ;
I W A Roberts. Plttsbff'F Houser. Lcs Anp
I P Dick. • iburs jP H' Blades. Los Ans j
i Mrs A Dlask. Chicago; Mrs Blades, Los An; i
Miss F M Bolton.Chgo Mrs J H Palmer. Chgo i
I R W Feston. X Y. 8 P Cottrell. USA
• Sol Kaiser, X T ' E A Wallace. Ohio
j J ■' Rhoades. S Lake S Haslett. Alameda
i F H Hopkins. Portland Mrs HaMett. Alameda
! I C Alnsworth. Or Han? Kemna. Germany
| Miss McKinnon. Bog ; Mr' Geo Clark. Stkton
! C D MePfcee. Denver J L Herzog-. X V
\ J ..-::. Tehama | V\" M Sheldon, Los An;
GRAND HOTEL.
I W L Hill. Butte N A Snook. San Jos*
A J Luttgea & -x. Cal: Mrs M E Snook. - Jos?
W C Swain Cal jJ Water*. WatsonvtUe |
E X Collier. - Jose J B Scott Salinas
Mis? Burke. Sacto ML Voltz. Cal
; C Englehart. Cal ! Mrs E Q Anthony. X V
' C Klein & w, c a i W Bell, w & son. Cal
V A Plaisted. L Gates; W H Dou : San Diego
j E S Plalsted. Boston , G S Virr!fn. Ohio
WC Dallas. Atwater iJ J Barnett. lad
' E 8 Stsnton. Nevada W Knight. Redwood
1 J P Stanton, Nevada : P D Kniss & w, Cal
H X Smith, Petaluma C G tt'hite, Mont
I --■ I. Saner. Berkeley [3 B Hoyt. Cal
i G S Jones. Berkeley ;V. M Wilkinson. Cal
'E W Meyer. Denver M T Brown & w. Cal
' Mrs M Jacobson. Or ! X 6 Raaf. Crockett
|C F E'-k!on, Folsom D "VV Burchard. S Jose
< G W Small. Salt Lake|M Pomeroy, San Jose
: F P Un». Minneapolis J J Hebbron. Salinas
i F C Stettler. Ohio A H Kerr, Portland
A H Hart, NY P. F Wei Colusa
G hm Burton, Cal II W Eliot. Cal
F <? Foster. Wash M F Holland. Wash ■
' C P Paller. Boston |j D Franklin. M
• I Rogers. Cal IF II Buckingham & w.
; H M R Rodman. St - VacavJH-
Paul D X Draper, L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
j Mrs Stein i- f. London M Ignaeio. Petaluma
E R War San Jose. A Jule. New York
IC W Herman. Fresno 1 Brady. Sor.ora
j V Loch. Pittsburg W E Morrisey. Or
j G Edwards. -ah ,B F Fuller. Wash
H Hanunett, L An? F J Waller. Clipper G
A Hammett, L Ang ID Williams Iw. Colo
A D Bowser, Illinois J P Smith. Seattle
• J Thompson. Stockton [J S Martin & \v. Ind
I Mrs X E Jones. S JcsejJ Blakeley. Fresno
: F J Silvey, Marysville!
GENTLEMEN'S NIGHT AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Insurance Men to Be the Guests of
the Institution To-Morrow
Night.
An interestir.gr time is in prospect for
the employes of the- various Insurance
companies of the city at the Olympic Ath
letic Club to-morrow night. The invita
tion extended by that populai^institutio*
to the clerks of the insurance companies
has bten eagerly accepted and they will
till the clubrooms to overflowing to-mor
row evening.
Leader Jonn E. Hammersmith has ar
rangt-d an excellent programme for the
club s quests. There will be boxing, wrest
ling, lencing and gymnastic exnibitions
by the leading athletes of the institution.
It will be in every sense a "Gentlemen s
Night/? and every effort . will be exerted
to make It a memorable evening's enter
tainment. , . ',
Mr. Hammersmith has a surprise in
store for all who attend. It is in the shape
of a trio of Filipinos, who do some won
derful work on the rings and the Roman
ladder. Augistine has created a deep im
pression on Mr. Hammersmith and other
well-known athletes. His arms are so
finely developed that he is able to do in
numerable tricks wuh hi? lithe body, while
in the swinging rings. Tista and a small
Filipino will entertain with some daring
tricks on the ladder.
S. Simpson and C. Millwood, two well
known heavyweights, will pummel each
other, as will a bo "Welterweights P. J.
Racioni and J. F. McCarthy; Middle
weight F. Ast and J. McDonald and Light
weiarhts W. J. Leonard and Willie Cole.
Some hard slugging is looked for in a few
of the bouts as the men will try hard to
impress the spectators with their prowess.
Harry Cobb and J. J. Phillips and Ar
thur Bruman and W. H. King ".ill give
a wrestlintr exhibition. Professor Tron
chet and E. Ortin will have a bout with
the foils and Paul Sere and G. Fisher will
do likewise.
A junior class was formed at the club
last night. It will consist of high school
athletes, ranging from 17 to 20 years of
aie. Seventy-five plications have al
ready been received' by young men who
are anxious to join. The directors of the
club have permitted this innovation as
they believe the young athletes will in
time form the bone and sinew of the in
stitution. .
PITCHER WADDELL BREAKS
THE SEASON'S RECORD
- TANDING OF THE CLUBS.
I Club?— W. I- Prt.j Clubs— TV L. Pet.
Brooklyn ... 94 43 .fiS7:Chicas;o 72 71 .504
1 Boston «9 53 _-■■■'- .437
: Phila;lPlphia 9>i 54 .62T.:Pittsbur|r ... 71 72 .4*7
' Baltimore .. S2 S7 .390 ' New York. .. 56 83 .403
: St Louts S2 S3 .",«r>, Washington 4- 93 .34'
i Cincinnati .. 77 64 .546 Cleveland .. 20 127 .136
I CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— Rube Waddel! mowed the
j Orphans like grass to-day, breaking- the sea
' son's leajrue record with thirteen striie-outs.
I; Game was called at the end of the eighth in
| r.insr on account of darkr.esE. Attendance 250.
: Score:
I Clubs- R- H. E.
S Chlcairn 13 4
: Louisville 6 10 1
■ Batteries— Griffith and Donahue: Waddell and
I Lattimer. Umpires — Latham and Connolly.
BOSTON. Oct. 2.— Boston took two ram^s
! easily from New York to-day. In the first game
! Gctti? was batted hard, while Willis kept the
i hits well scattered. In the third innin? of the
seccrid came two base? on balls and - x hits
psve Boston five runs and the cam?. Attend
; ance 1500. Score, first Mine:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Bc«ton ii 10 1
New York 5 9 4
Batteries— Willis and Sullivan; Gettij and
Wilson.
Score, second name:
•;?— R. H. E.
Boston 5 . 10 1
j New York 3 5 1
Batteries— Bailey and Bergen; Seymour and
Warner. Umpires— Swartwoed and Hunt.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 2.— St. Louis made a Garri
son finish to-day, but could not quite land. The
Perfects played miserable ball behind Young
and really handed the game to the Pirates. At
tendance 1100.- Score:
! Clubs— - R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 10 7
j Pittsburg 7 12 1
Batteries Young and Beulow: Gray and
1 Schriver. Umpire*— Day and McDonald.
1 BALTIMORE. Oct. Dwyer's rank decision
• on Keeler at first in the ninth presented the
1 last game of the series to Brooklyn. Emslie
! was also off color and invariably gave the vlsl
( tors the best of the argument. Both pitchers
I did tine work, but . were rather poorly sup
ported. Attendance 1100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
i Baltimore 3 I I
I Brooklyn 4 6 2
Batteries— McGinety and Smith; Dunn and
1 McGuire. Umpires— -^•!ie and Dwyer.
».
MOB THREATENS TO
LYNCH A CHINAMAN
He Had Stabbed a Waitress at
Herzog's Hotel at
Etna.
ETNA, Oct. 2. -Non* Toy Gow, a Chi
nese employed at Herzog's Hotel, assault
ed Kittle Lattrell, a waitress, with a kife
last Saturday. There was considerable
■ v • m^nt in town and a lynching party
rganized. but the men were quieted
1 y Joseph Stephens, a coo!-h?aded mer
chant, and the Chinaman was du'y tried
and given seventy-five days in jail, in de
fault of 575. B. K. Collier conducted the
prosecution.
Faustino on Trial.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 2.— The trial of Frank
Faustino. who Some weeks ago shot and
killed Nicholas "Welch, began to-day. The
jury will first pass on his sanity, and
there is much to show that he is totally
insane. He refuses to talk and eats but
little.
Tor More Sports See Page 6.
AVERAGES OF
PLAYERS FOR
THIS SEASON
Sacramento Heac s the List in
Team Wo-k — Harvey Is
Highes 1 Ea ter.
The following is a complete list of indi
vidual ami team fielding ai iv»--r
-ages. It will be seen that Sacramento has
a slight percentage lead over San Fran
cises . -- md an appreciable mar
gin in stick work. Santa Cruz is a close
second in batting. T
1314
ANNOUNCEMENT
iflfiLKß^Mß, Amis / '*' s 'im»h <iSiS)TrTiii^>i 1^ imb gp^ (fftfi^**?^^ 1^ Wyj[lKS9>| tB-i^3*3^W .d^jriififiM ■• "' > Efeesto^T^
/ . »S jßt^i 4&y^ft IftMBBBm E7 , <^t^j& *
tfr Wgßr rCry-W^EVm^nSfm uj><- ,-i Bflßi9«rsm gMrMKiM.jI wSfiSßKflßniS* ttßVovtWjßf?Tft XffjjSjSftJrJft wll'BßWJgJ^^ BSflfllnßi MtBWKIM «BwffiS)3l3HL
hS^^Sr^S^A q^^y^l^T^^. nßm^GmL XBS^Jatrt^l IBJBSB&I^B
I^3 ¥ $T~*^ T i o
HISTORY OF THE 1899 RAMBLER. jJfL* j^^^k 1900^MODELS===1900.
The 1899 Rambler is a wonderful success. The 1898 Model was i Jw^ JSPI! 19 °° 18 "
so perfect that the manufacturers made no change in 1899, and their J&P '^^nl Models. Models,
judgment has proven very satisfactory. There have been 10,492 of ffl*L. X Illtf ^.* InSHS .- ': —^-'S^ Roadster, corresponds to 26
these wheels sold in this State, and they have given such universal fflgl^liS jfflP^Wffi^^^^^ V-' . 33 — 30-Inch Wheels, corresponds to 25
satisfaction that the trade has increased enormously. | i W "^^M 34— Ladies' Double Bar, corresponds to ] 28
It has been our custom to advise the public at the end of the <^JLJ WM fIBW 35— Ladies' Single Bar, corresponds to". *. *. ] '. .. ]'* 27
season to make their purchases of previous years' models be ore the iwE% I' r*' 1 - ? X^^S^ oc r> l- x- -,- j
. , . i j i (\ •» 4 . ■ i , J i i -i fee J^l^^v — combination landem, corresponds to 29
stock became exhausted. Often this has been taken as a joke or as a vi Si .JJBfifti ) ' *^vi.uo LU
trick to induce trade. It has, however, been no joke and no trick, but 37— Men S Tandem, corresponds to 30
has invariably resulted in many intending purchasers losing the — . — '■ — —
opportunity to buy a good reliable wheel at a moderate price. They /OQQ M d I Q "^ £? 900 StOCk Will ArriVe On OP ' AbOUt November Ist.
have called after the goods were all sold and expressed regret that mam ami C-? /wM \_/l § JS ff *0- > Kg? SmtP mmmmm ' «»«wvi ioi,
they had not come sooner. — . — 1 . — — -
■ The same conditions w.ll hold this year; therefore, it is advisable Will f\n ¥¥ Tk *7 A F**Tin¥7 M 1 X J T Ci. " x Agents Wanted in Northern California
The same conditions will hold this year; therefore, it is advisable rT>¥¥/^/^ ff f\ IT 1 niTHIT Iff i l 1 rw\ lt ri i ■
to get your 1899 model before they are all sold—if you prefer to pay IMI IS H II VAIJ N L V itiarKet 311(1 Tefltll StrCCtS, First car to arrive is nearly, all spoken .or, and will b - over
$35 for this model rather than pay $40 for the 1900 model. lIIUJ. 11. lit T-illlllL/I^ san franc.sco sold before, arrival. Agents should take note of this.
TAXPAYERS TO
KNOW VALUE OF
THEIR HOLDINGS
Pan Handle Figures
Made Public.
4
MAY INFLUENCE ELECTION
.'•••■'•.• :• ' •
PAS CONTRACTS GO OVER FOE
s^j#^ : "' ANOTHER WEEK.
(Supervisors Include All the Medical
Colleges in the Call for Plans
for a New County
Hospital.
At 10 o'clock this morning the report of
Ithe Park Panhandle Commission will be
op«n for public Inspection at the ofjlce
©I the clerk of tho Board of Supervisors j
at the City Hall, and those who have \
holdings within the line of proposed ex- \
'tension will know just what appraisement !
of their realty arid improvements the
agents have decided upon as equl- ■
table.
That the taxpayers in the proposed
yorite will know at what price their prop
erties are held is due to an order passed
t>y the Board of Supervisors yesterday
«.ft©rnoon. It was the intention of Mayor
Phelan and the members of the commis
sion to keep the. figures a dead secret until
cfter the panhandle election had taken
place and the result be>en announced. The
>layor said yesterday In objecting to the
Jnotlon of the board to open the report
that the publication of the figures would
•work an injustice to the property owners,
many of whose holdings had been ap
praised at a figure lower than that fixed
Open a bottle of
Wielands
Extra Pale
at your home table
with the same confi-
dence and anticipa-
tion that you uncover
a dish sent in by a
trusted cook.
It is made good by
the best methods, of
the best material, and
kept good by being
sterilized after bot-
tling. Quarts, pint*, half-pint*.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
' California Bottling Co. v «—
1407-J7 Ifddy s£
Iby Assessor Dodge. It is aJ^o claimed
I that the Mayor considered that a knowl
i edge of the valuations fixed would create
j inure ur less dissatisfaction among the
taxpayers Interested ami the anticipated
favorable result of the election would ot
: a consequence be jeopardized.
The Supervisors. However, took the
i other side of the question. They held
that every property owner along tnp line,
in order to vote Intelligently at the forth
ci ming election, should be Informed of
Just me status of his possessions as re
gards to municipal plans. As L»r. Per
: rault, chairman of tne Finance Commit-
I tee, said after the meeting, "There ar<
tors and lawyers and other professional
people and bakers and business men 111
that district, the success of whose profes
sions and trades depends largely upon the
length of their residence in the locality.
Their values are not confined Bolely to
their realty and improvements, hut large
ly to the fact that they have established
places of business In the community. This
j value was not reckoned by the appraisers,
i yet in some cases it exceeds the b
, value of the holdings. Condemn the
| homes and places of business of surh m<n
i and they are forced into other neighbor
hoods, whore they will suffer a compara
! tive loss until they have be»n there such
a time as to have built up another prac-
I tlce or list of customers."
It was from this standpoint and from
the other point that every man had the
right to know just what plans the city
contemplated with regards to his property
that the Supervisors looked at the ques
tion yesterday and seeing it in that light
they voted to open the report, file it and
rr £? r il to the Finance Committee.
The proposed new City and County Hos
pital also came in for gome little further
discussion. Under the original resolution
empowering the medical and art associa
| tlons to select a board to supervise any
I plans that might bo submitted, only the
; County Medical Society was recognized
I and a good-sized kick went up from the
: < ollogo of Physicians and Surgeons, as
members of the Clinical Society. Cooper
Mf-dical College and every other like In
stitution in the city. The same old bltter
i ness that has existed for years among the
I doctor factories found a fresh vent, and
i the roar was loud and long. In framing
, the original resolution Supervisor Per
i raiilt was ignorant of these factional feel-
I Ings and unintentionally slighted every
| one save members of the County Soctetv.
He squared himself yesterday by amend
| ing his first resolution to include Cooper
Medical College, the College of Physicians
; and Surgeons and the University of Cali
fornia Medical Department and two
others to be appointed by the Art Asso
, elation.
The gas question bobbed up again when
the bids for outside stations not acted
upon last week was called up. A motion
was made to put it over another week
Perrault moved that the whole g;i S tjues-
I tion be taken up on Wednesday night at
i 8 o'clock. Deasy amended by 'making it
jat 4 o'clock Wednesday afternoon. Both
; motions were lost and nothing will be
'■ done until the next regular meeting on
i Monday next.
The letting of the street light contract
upon the gas company's T>ld of $1 35 per
; thousand feet was brought up next but
] like the outside stations bid it went over
for a week. Chairman Porrault of the
Finannce Committee reported that the
gas bill for August exceeded the limit of
the one-twelfth act by $107. Apropos of
I this and other excesses the following
I resolution was adopted:
Regolvea, That public notice be and Is hereby
Riven to all contractors, merchants and others
supplying th>» city with merchandise or labor
that the one-twelfth act will be strictly ad
hered to by this board, and that no demands
will be audited In excr-ss of the monthly ap
propriation. Information as to the condition of
the funds can always be obtained, and persons
j companies and corporations supplying depart
ments whose funds are Impaired or depleted
must distinctly understand that they are doing
so at their own risk.
Ex-Supervisor Tom Morton's bill for
coal furnished the City and County Hos
pital precipitated a rather warm discus
sion which resulted In the presentation
of some llgureß which demonstrated that
that institution has not been conducted
upon strictly economical lines The
monthly appropriation amounts to J7SOO
e />, JuI> I bllls were ** follows: Coal',
$402 05; furniture and carpets. $255 75
-drugs, $1166 67; wines and liquors, 1395 55 :
I stable expense. $125 15; salaries. $2043'
| \Mtn other Items the total was $9603 35
I In August the total footed up $8822 86'
j The payment of the claim ofJames A.
Snook for the feeding of the prisoners in
County Jail No. 2 during August was as
sured by the adoption of a resolution
which eliminated the segregation of the
funds into individual apportionment to
each branch Jail and threw the different
apportionments into one fund to be drawn
upon for subsistence by any of the insti
tutions Included In Snook's contract
The veto by Mayor Phelan of the order
granting the Market Street Railway Com
pany permission to substitute wooden for
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1899.
I iron electric poles on Kentucky and Mis
i sion streets was sustained.
The surplus of $2625 over the various ap-
I propriations made in the tax levy was or
dered divided as follows: For payment of
< '. B. Newman as bond expert for three
i months. $625; salary of assistant clerk In
I office of Board of Supervisors, $150; Tax
j Collector, $50.
A resolution was passed to print em
■ powering the gas inspector to test the
gas meters of private consumers and to
ass. 'ss Buch consumers a feo of $1 for such
Inspection. In case a meter is found to
run behind it shall be turned over to the
gas company f«>r correction. If the con
! sumer is being bunkoed by his meter to
; th>- t-xtent of 2 per cent, then the gas
, company shall rectify its bills and refund
| overcharge to Its patrons. Any gas com-
I pany violating the ordinance shall be sub
ject to a tine of not less than $50 nor more
[ than $100 for each offense.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
| f erred to the proper committees': S. L. Strlck
. land f"r granite curbs, cesspools, etc., on
southeast corner of Waller street and DeL/ong
avenue; property owners for the grading of
the roadway ami curbing of Sixth street, be
tween Folsom and Harrison; Federation of
Mission Improvement Clubs for the Improve
ment of the sanitary condition of the Fair
mount School; Falrmount and Glen Park Im
provement Club for the carrying out of the
intention of resolution No. 3045, In relation to
the construi tion of an outlet si-wer for Arling
ton Btreet; J. f:. Blanchard requesting that the
Superintendent of Schools be directed to enter
Into a contract with him to grade, niacada
mizp, etc., the city's portion of the Intersec
tion of Jefferson and Andover avenues at a
cost of $62 50.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the proper committees; Property
owners against paving of Greenwich street,
between Flllmore and Stelner; property own
ers against raising the grade of Murton place,
off Filbert street.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
th« performance of the following street work;
Twelve-inch sewer in easterly portion of the
crossing of California street and Twenty-first
i avenue, fourteen-inch sewer in westerly por
! tion and eight-inch sewers in northerly and
j southerly portions', with cesspools, culverts,
manholes, etc., with granite curbs and plank
; sid'-wulks en the four angular corners; four
teen-inch sewer, etc.. In California street, be
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second ave
nues; bitumen pavement on westerly half of
the roadway of westerly half of crossing of
Fourteenth. Church and Market streets; gran
ite curbs on Treat avenue, between Twenty
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, on Wlldey aye-
I nue, between Webster and Flllmore streets and
on Twenty-fifth street, between San Jose ave
nue and Guerrero street; cesspool, culvert
granite curbs and an artificial stone sidewalk
on northwesterly corner of Army street and
San Bruno avenue; twelve-Inch sewer with
manhole, etc., In San Bruno avenue, between
Ma.rlj.osa and Eighteenth streets; granite curbs
"ii \ Incent street, between Green and Union
roadway thereof to be paved with bitumen.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions declaring intention to order the
following street work done were adopted:
Cuvler street, graded, rock gutterways red
wood curbs and plank sidewalks to be con
structed thereon and the roadway to be macad
amized; granite curbs on Greenwich street be
tween Flllmore and Stelner. roadway to be
paved with bitumen; granite curbs on Central
avenue, between Page and Haight streets, road
way to be pa\ed with bitumen; artificial stone
sidewalks on the southeasterly corner of the
crossing of Central avenue and Page Btreet
roadway of crossing to be paved with bitumen;
artificial stone sidewalks on Central avenue
between Oak and Page streets; granite curbs
on Shruder street, between Haight and Wallet
bitumen pavement on roadway of the crossing
of Shrader and Waller streets; eight-inch sewer
In Shrader street, between Haight and Waller
to connect with sewer In Waller street; road
way of crossing of Haight and Clayton streets
to be paved with bitumen; roadway of crossing
of Haight and Shrader streets to be paved with
bitumen; cesspools, culverts, granite curbs and
artificial stone sidewalks on northwesterly and
nortßcasterly corners of Haight and Cole
streets, artificial stone sidewalk on the south
easterly corner and bitumen pavement on road
way of the crossing; Army street, between Noe
and Castro, to be graded, roadway and side
walks to be macadamized, twelve-inch sewers
constructed therein from Castro street to a
point 317:8 feet easterly thereof; eight-Inch
sewer in Army street, from Noe to a point dis
tant ."in feet westerly thereof; roadway of the
crossing of Chestnut and Jones streets to be
paved with bitumen; Chenery street, between
Randall and Castro, to be graded, redwood
curbs, rock gutterways and plank sidewalks to
be laid thereon and the roadway thereof to be
macadamized.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Resolutions ordering street work were
adopted as follows:
Tllden street, off Castro, 14-Inch sewer, with
three manholes and covers; Zoe place, oft Fol
som street, paved with bitumen; Twenty-ninth
street, from San Jose avenue to Dolores, gran
ite curbs, bitumen roadway.
The following; proposed work was stricken
from resolutions ordering by Acting Chairman
Holland of the Street Committee:
San Bruno avenue, Fifteenth to Alameda
streets, 12-lnch sewers and manhole; crossing
of San Bruno avenue and Alameda street.
eewer, manhole, culvert, etc. ; San Bruno ave
nue, from Alameda to Division street, 12-inch
sewer and manhole.
STREET WORK FTILLT ACCEPTED.
Resolutions fully accepting the following
street work were finally passed:
Jessie street, from Hermann to Its southerly
termination, bitumen; Eighteenth street, be
tween Douzlaaa and Denver*, bitumen; Ala
bama street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth, bitumen; crossing of Eureka and
Eighteenth streets, bitumen; crossing Eight
eenth and Douglasa streets, bitumen; Pacific
avenue, between Deviaadero and Broderick
streets, bitumen; Pacific avenue, between
Broderick and Baker streets; crossing of Paci
fic avenue and Broderick street; Frederick
Btreet, between Clayton and <"ole, basalt; Ala
bama street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, bitumen; Fiurte;-nth street, be
tween Dolores and Market, bitumen; Filbert
street, between Broderlck and Baker, basalt
and bitumen; Harwood alley, from Filbert
street unl its southerly termination, bitumen;
Kearny street, between Green and Union, bitu
men. ■
A resolution was passed conditionally accept
ing the bitumen pavement on Kearny street,
from Vallejo to careen.
ACCEPTANCE OF STREET WORK.
Resolutions fully accepting the following
Btreet work were passed to print:
PotreTO avenue, from Division street to Ala
meda rtreet. bitumen; Potrero avenue, from
Alameda street to Fifteenth street, bitumen;
Potrero avenue, crossing: of Alameda street,
bitumen: Potrero avenue, crossing of Fifteenth
Ftreeti bitumen; Potrero avenue, from Fifteenth
to Sixteenth streets, bitumen; De Long avenue,
from Waller street to Frederick street, bitu
men.
FULL ACCEPTANCE RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the full acceptance of street work as follows:
Clay street, crossing of Laurel, bitumen;
Clay, crossing of Locust, bitumen; Washing
ton, crossing of Laurel, bitumen; Twenty
ninth, crossing of Dolores, bitumen.
TIME EXTENSION RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that extensions of time on contracts for street
wc.rk be granted as follows:
Flinn & Treacy, sixty days on contract to
lay artificial stone sidewalks on the north Hide
of Broadway, between Fillmore and Steiner
streets; Flinn & Treacy, sixty days on con
tract to sewer Castro street, between Twenty
sixth and Army streets.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Extensions of time for the performance of
street work were granted as follows:
Qulmby & Harreljon. ninety days on con
tract to construct a concrete arch bridge at the
crossing of Berkshire street and the tracks of
the Southern Pacific.
RESOLUTIONS OF AUTHORIZATION.
Resolutions authorizing the performance of
the following street work by private contract
were passed to print:
Dennl«on Contracting Company, to grade,
macadamize, curb, etc.. southerly half of I
street, between Eighteenth and Ninteenth ave
nues; W. F. C. Schmidt.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
A communication was received from the Su
perintendent of Streets requesting that the
clerk be Instructed to readvertlse for propo
sals for the construction -of eewers, cesspools,
curbs and sidewalks In the crossing of Fif
teenth street and San Bruno avenue.
The Superintendent of Stunts was directed
to require property owners to construct bulk
heads in front of their property on the west
side of Lyon street, between Grove and Hayes
to prevent sand ironi diiftln? on said street;
ulso to construct artificial stone sidewalks in
front of their property; also to require prop
erty owners to lowf-r the sidewalks In front
of 540. 542, H44. f.46 and 548 riixth strfet; also
to require property owners to repair sidewalks
In front of 211. 213. 819 2H and 223 Clay street.
The ordinance prohibiting the performance
of street work by private contract was re
peakd.
The hearing of the protest of property own
ers against the construction rf artificial stone
Hidewulkß on Market street, hetween Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, and between Noe and Sanchez
was set for next Monday afternoon.
P. F. Sheridan was granted permission to
grade In front of his propejty on Chenery
street, between Mateo and Roanoke; also to
lav a plank sidewalk and redwood curbs.
E. J. Barra was granted permission to place
a few loads of rock on the uneven parts of
the roadway of Twenty-fifth street, between
Howard and -Shotwell.
The Superintendent of Street? was Instructed
to place Montgomery street, between Broadway
and Valle.lo. on the street sweeping schedule,
as of the sixth class.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed
to repave the roadway of Fourth street, from
the center line of Berry street southeasterly
to a point within forty feet of Channel street;
also to relay the curbs In accordance with the
agreement with Theodore F. and W. R.
Payne.
Custom-House Receipts.
Port Collector Jackson reports the cus
toms receipts at this port for the month
of September at $529,286 33. The month
was a short one, there being two holidays
in It.
Customs Chemist Appointed.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed William T. Wenzell as assistant
chemist In the Custom House. The salary
is $1000 per annum.
JUDGE McKENNA
PRESIDES OVER
CIRCUIT COURT
Judges Morrow, Ross
and Hawley Assist.
MANY LAWYERS GREET HIM
SUPREME JUSTICE IN THE PINK
AND GLOW OF HEALTH.
Modestly Receives the Congratula
tions of His Professional
Friends of the San
Francisco Bar.
United States Supreme Judge McKenna
presided over the opening session of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday. Judges Morrow and Ross sat
on each side of Justice McKenna, the
three being attired In the black robes of
the office prescribed since a time whereof
the memory of the American citizen run
neth not to the contrary.
There was a large assemblage of law
yers in the room to greet the Justice of
the Supreme Court who is wearing the
judicial mantle of the late Stephen J. Field.
Justice McKenna acknowledged the silent
greetings of his friends of the San Fran
cisco bar with a nod and a smile for each.
The Judge seemed to be In the very pink
of health, his step being light and his eyes
as clear and bright as those of a young
giadiator.
Among the prominent people present
wero: Thomas I. Bergin, John Garber,
Judge Slack. Robert 1". Hayne, H. T.
Trumbo, 1. M. Kalloch, S. W. Holladay,
James G. Maguire, John H. Miller, United
States Attorney Frank L>. Coombs, As
sistant United States Attorney Marshall
B. Woodworth, Assistant United States
Attorney E. J. Banning; John H. Shine,
United States Marshal; A. L. Parish,
chief clerk to the United States Marshal,
and John T. Grey.
There was no formality attending the
opening of the session beyond the cus
tomary mark of respect, which consists
in the spectators and court officials rising
to thf-ir feet when the Judges entered and
remaining standing until the Judges were
seated.
Judge Morrow read the titles of the
opinions, which he handed to the clerk
and retired, his seat being at once taken
by Judge Hawley. Each of the Judges
•announced the opinions handed down by
them and the presiding Judge, Justice
McKenna, listened to several motions for
runtinunnet -s, etc. Before passing upon
these motions Justice McKenna consulted
with Judges Hawley and Ross and ob
tained their acquiescence in the rulings
he was about to make.
The session did not occupy more than
ten minutes, at the end of which time
Justice McKenna announced that an ad
journment would be taken until this
morning at 11 o'clock.
The presiding Justice was visited in his
chambers by members of the San Fran
cisco bar, who congratulated him upon
his good health and bade him welcome to
his home State.
Opinions were handed down yesterday
as follows by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals:
Several cases in which the Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York was the
appellant and Bessie F. Sears, Walter D
Allen, Pine Cohen and George E. Hill and
others were the appellees. They repre
sented the estates of dead men who had
taken out policies of life insurance in tne
company ranging from $2000 up to $20,000
In each case. The insured paid one or two
premiums and then refused to pay any
more and their policies were by the com*
pany declared void and canceled. The
executors and heirs sued the insurance
company for the full amount of the policy
All the facts were admitted and the lower
courts gave judgments against the com
pany, the total aggregating about $39,000
I and more. The opinion handed down yes
terday affirms the Judgment of the lower
court. The opinion, after summing- up the
evidence, goes on to say:
Upon these facts admitted upon the pleadings,
It is ilear that the court did not err In sus
taining the demurrer to the answer and ren
i dering the Judgment In favor of the executrix
' for $7448, with interest and rosts. There was
no issue raised by the pleadings. The parties
could not waive the provisions of the statute
of New York which expresses the conditions
upon which a policy might be forfeited for
non-payment of premiums. The New York
statute lias been regarded as Indicative of the
i legislative will and intent that life insurance
i companies shall be deprived of the power to
declare policies forfeited for non-payment of
premiums, except In the mode prescribed by
the statute.
Savings and Loan Society, Clarence C.
Burr. A. N. Drown and others vs. George
i Davidson and others. Judgment of tne
j lower court affirmed with costs.
Western Gas Construction Company vs.
'J. B. Danner. Judgment of the lower
i court for $2f,un damages for personal in
| juries and costs affirmed.
I George \Y. Reed vs. John A. Stanly
! (the Bowdoin College case). Judgment of
j the lower court affirmed.
John F. Myers vs. Samuel Sternheim.
Judgment affirmed with costs.
Southern Pacific Railroad Company vs.
! the United Slates of America and the
! United States of America against the
j Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Judgment of the lower court affirmed
with costs. In this case the court decided
that the lands granted to the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company were forfeited
to the Government, but that the lands
bought from the company by bona fide
purchasers were protected by the
statutes.
Ella C. Slavens vs. Northern Pacific
Railroad Company. Judgment of the low
er court affirmed.
JESSE S. POTTER'S WILL.
The Testator Bequeaths His Entire |
Estate to His Widow.
The will of Jesse Sheldon Potter, who
died September 24, was filed for probate
yesterday by his widow, Melissa Amelia
Potter. In the petition it is set forth that
decedent's estate will exceed $10,000 in
value and is probably worth $100,000.
By the terms of the will, which was
drawn June 6, 1883, the testator bequeaths
his entire estate to his widow, who is I
named as executrix. Deceased makes no j
provision for his son, Jesse S. Potter Jr., I
or for any posthumous child, as it is his j
desire "that any provision therefor may
be left to the discretion of his widow."
The will is witnessed by S. Silverberg
and C. P. Robinson. A codicil, drawn
October 12, 1894, and witnessed by W. B.
Treadwell, W. de Jung and E. B. Mastick,
provides that In event Mrs. Potter is una
ble to care for their son, James F. Cham
berlain, decedent's brother-in-law, is ap
pointed his guardian. In event of Mr.
Chamberlain's death or inability to act,
his wife, Cclina Chamberlain, is appoint
ed the young man's guardian, and in event <
of her inability, E. T. Allen is to assume
the duties Involved.
A second codicil, dated June 6, 1883, and
witnessed by E. # T. Allen and Robert
Knight, directs the heirs of his estate to
carry on his contest against the will of
his mother, Mrs. Miranda \V. Lux, until
ilnal judgment is reached or a satisfactory
compromise effected.
KNOCKED DOWN BY A WAGON.
Jswell Noyset, a Boy, Seriously In
jured at Sixth and Market
Streets.
Jewell Noyset. a boy S years of age, liv
ing at 164 Clinton park, met with a serious
accident yesterday afternoon, which at
first appeared to be fatal. He was riding
on a hay wagon, and at Sixth and Market
streets jumped off in front of a horse
driven by Wallace Sharp, a teamster for
S. B. Leavitt & Co. Sharp shouted to the
boy, but before the lad could get out of
the way the shaft of the wagon struck
him on the back and he fell, and one of
the wheels passed over him.
Noyset was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. MeGettiean found that
his right leg was broken and his abdomen
injured. After the boy's injuries had been
attended to Dr. McGettigan thought that
he would recover. Sharp was arrested by
Policeman J. A. Ryan and booked on the
charge of battery, but was released on
his own recognizance by Judge Mogan.
In the Divorce Courts.
Frederick W. Foley has been granted a
divorce from Marie Foley on , the ground
of Intemperance. Suits for, divorce have
been filed by H. C. Angell against Maud
E. Angell for desertion, Elizabeth Preiss
de£ru e on 3gainSt Thomas A - Pettus for
Propagation of Salmon
The State Game and Fish Commission
ers yesterday received word from Super
intendent Lampson of the United States
Fish Commission's hatchery at Bairds
that the take of salmon eggs this year
amounts to six and a quarter million
This is about half of the take of last year
The reason for the falling off is the low
water in the Sacramento River. Of tho
number of eggs taken the State Fish
( nmmispion will receive about four mil
lion. One million is to be sent to the Eel
River hatchery and the other three mil
lion is to go to the hatchery at Slssons
The United States station at Battle Creek
has opened and will begin operations thia
month.
The Supreme Court.
The Justices of th© Supreme Court will
leave this city on the Bth inst. for Los
Angeles, where they will open the court
on the 9th. While there it is expected
that they will hand down - decisions in
a number of important cases. Nearly all
of the clerks and secretaries will accom
pany the Justices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I OIL! OIL! I
1 Thirty Days i
H To investigate after you have in- 1
m vested your money. If you become 1
H dissatisfied return your certificate 3
H and get your money back. 1
1 THAT IS BUSINESS. i
H "We have oil lands in San Mateo n
H Contra Costa, Santa Clara, Merced la
M and Colusa. We are not one of 3
H those WHO ARE JUST ABOUT TO §
Hi BEGIN. We are at work. AMER- I
H ICAN OIL stock will boom in a 9
H little while. It is going now very I
U fast, and within sixty days we will m
Xt be selling oil in Oakland and San A
H Francisco. Orders from the Board I
m of Directors may be issued any I
v time to I
I RAISE THE PRICE. I
B Stock now at $5 per share. Agents «
| in nearly all towns In the State i
| Call on them or write us for in I
I 'ormatlon. "Illustrated Prospectus" 1
free.
I AMERICAN OIUND REFINERY
I COMPANY, 1
f ROOMS 322-323 f A^OTT^ILDIXO. R
I SAN FRANCISCO. ' fl
H' OAKLAND OFFICE.... 460 TENTH ST. 9
Novelties.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importinfl: Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS
Good., delivered to any part ol Urn city.
Phone, Jessie 1522.