VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 134.
WAR SAID TO HAVE BEEN BEGUN BY
THE BOERS IN NATAL.
KRUGER SENDS MESSAGE
THAT WAR IS CERTAIN
CHICAGO, Oct. IL— The following cablegram was received to-night by
the Chicago Tribune from President Kxuger of the Transvaal Republic.
The cablegram was sent In answer to a message from the Tribune request
ing a statement of the position of the Transvaal in the present crisis. In
the cablegram, which follows, small words have been filled in In order to
make smoother reading:
PRETORIA, Oct. 11. Tribune, Chicago: Through the
Tribune -we -wish to thank our many American friends for sympa
thy in the present crisis of the republic. Last Monday -we gave
England forty-eight hours' notice 'within 'which to give assurance
that the dispute will be settled by arbitration or ether peaceful
means. The notice expires at 5 to-day. The British agent is recalled
and war is certain- This is the fitting end of the British policy of
force and fraud which has marked all South Africa with the blood of
Afrikanders. We must now make South Africa free or the white
man's grave. The republic's forces include -.1 nationalities, among
them a strong American corps, showing it is not a case of Boer
against TJitlander. but all nations against the English. We have
full faith in freedom and republicanism, in the righteousness -which
guides the destinies of nations. PRESIDENT KRUGER.
An answer cf ten words from the Tribune to President Kruger giving
the time of the receipt of the message in Chicago was prepaid— the peo
ple In Pretoria being evidently somewhat apprehensive that the message
might not get through.
LI Ladysmith,
dated Wednesday, alone among the
specials received declares that war .
has been begun by the Boers in
Natal. The correspondent says:
"Free State burghers have seized a train |
at Harrysmith. which was the property
of the Natal Government. Last night a
mounted patrol was stoned by Boers, j
The men's orders were not to fire unless
they were fired upon."
The other dispatches only represent that
hostilities are imminent. '
CONYNGHAM GREENE.
LONDON, Oct. 11— It is rumored that Cor.yngham Greene, the British
diplomatic agent at Pretoria, has been assassinated there. The report, how
ever, is unconfirmed and is discredited at the Colonial Office.
A dispatch from Glencoa Camp dated
Wednesday noon says the burghers are
reported to be beyond the .President's
ccntrol and hostilities are expected. at
any moment.
A dispatch from Newcastle. Natal, says
that at a meeting held there in the in
terest of peace, a crowd of patriots in
vaded the hall, stormed the platform and
moved and carried a resolution to support
the Government In the war. The police
were called upon to restore order and
finally cleared the hall.
The Daily Mail's Berlin correspondent
says: "General Benjamin Harrison, for
mer President of the United States, de
clared to me to-day that he sighted
breakers ahead for the British ship of
state."
The military authorities In South Af
rica have Instituted a censorship over all
telegrams in order to prevent Informa
tion regarding British movements from
reaching the Boers.
DURBAN, Oct. 11— Authentic Informa
frcm Ladysmith confirms the report that
it is the intention of the Boers to occupy
Newcastle immediately.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 11— The i respond -
ent at Sar.dspruit of the South African
News telegraphs late Tuesday evening as
follows: "Owing to Intelligence received
during the day war appears to be more
remote."
No precise Information is obtainable
here, but there is good reason to believe
that the correspondent's statement is
correct.
COMMUNICATION WITH
TRANSVAAL NOW CUT
LONDON. Oct. li.— Nothing since this
has been received from Pretoria, and
doubtless the telegraphic communication
with the Trar.svaai is now cut. The ab
sence of news from the Cape since early
morning is not due to an interruption of
the cable, but to the immense pressure
of work, the cables probably being nearly
monopolized by British Government dis
patches, which take precedence over all
others. Only two cables run to Cape
Town from Europe., and the one on the
eastern coast is very slow, so that prac
tically ail the work is thrown on one At
lantic cable,. which means that the pres
ent exasperating delay will recur repeat
edly during the progress of the war and
that the newspaper dispatches will prob
ably be very meager.
PREPARATIONS FOR
BULLER`S DEPARTURE
LONDON, Oct. 11— Great preparations'
The San Francisco Call.
are being made at Southampton for the
departure on Saturday of General Sir Red
vers Builer, and a great demonstration is
anticipated. The Duke of Connaught, the
Duke of York. Lord Lansdowne, General
Lord Wolseley and General Sir Evelyn
Wood are expected to accompany him to
Southampton from London. It Is an
nounced that the fleet of transports con
veying Sir Redvers Buller's army corps
will be escorted by warships, while fur
ther dispatch boats and gunboats will be
sent to South African waters.
The Government has already expended
£3.'» in naval and military prepara
tions, the orders placed with contractors
this week alone amounting to £300.000. The
authorities, anticipating a serious reduc
tion a the output of the South African
coal mines, have ordered 3000 tons of Eng
lish steam coal to be sent to the Cape
for the use of the warships.
The outbreak of war has sent up the
Price of English wheat, and on various
markets the farmers have refused to sen
wheat under 30 shillings per quarter, in
some cases even holding out for a still
higher price.
A dispatch from Kimberly says Cecil
Rhodes is expected there shortly. *
BRITISH STATESMEN PUT
BLAME ON THE BOERS
LONDON. Oct. 11— A flood of oratory
Biggarsberg Nek, Half Way Between Ladysmith and ' Newcastle,
This --ace is near Dundee, and where the advanced British forces, 4000 strong, are stationed. It may be the scene of the first heavy fighting, when hostilities beg in in earnest.
SAN FRANCISCO. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899.
NEW SOUTH WALES LANCERS WHO HAVE JUST SAILED FOR
SOUTH AFRICA. £i » ■■- - -
on the Transvaal situation burst out to
night. A. J. Balfour, • First Lord of the
Treasury; Henry Herbert Asqulth, former
Home Secretary, and others spoke In vari
ous parts of the country. Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, who was to have delivered an
address on the subject, is suffering from
an attack of bronchitis and was unable
to speak. Mr. Balfour, addressing the
Unionists of Haddington, said:
"The crisis In South Africa has now
reached the stage where diplomacy is put
aside, argument ceases to make further
place and appeal is made to arms. Peace
and good will among men, which it Is
our first business to cultivate in all of
Great Britain's vast possessions, has been
wantonly and gratuitously imperiled by
the rash policy of the Boer Government.
"A great change has taken place in the
past three months in the opinion of this
country regarding our South African
policy. There was not then the clear
conviction which now exists respecting
the true merits of the case which is now
to be decided by the arbitrament of force,
but the more the public has known of
what the Government has done and what
they aimed at the more they have come
around to the view that the Government,
If they have erred at all, have erred on
the side of patience. Those who supported
us can look back to the long, anxious
months with the conscientious conviction
that we earnestly desired peace, though
war was imminent, and that though at
the moment I am speaking war may
actually have begun, that war is none of
our seeking, none of our desire, but is
forced upon us by those who are not men
fighting for the freedom of their country,
but oligarchy, who fear that the hour of
their domination is at an end.
"Now that the prospects of peace are
finally destroyed, now that war with all
its consequences, all Its loss of life, all
Its destruction of property, all Its suffer
ings, is on us, we can say we have never
asked anything but justice, never desired
anything but freedom, all we longed for
was equality under the Transvaal re
public toward men of our race and speech,
which we freely gave to the men of the
Dutch race and speech In the neighboring
colonies, and if they think It worth while
to Imperil their future in order, to refuse
these rights, at all events the blame rests
on them and not on us. and we : can feel
that, whatever we may have to endure
before the war is brought to a final con
clusive and successful Issue, the sacrifices
we shall be called upon to make are
sacrifices In the Interests of the rights of
men and of civilization." (Prolonged
cheers.)
Mr. Balfour concluded his speech with
an expression of thanks to the audience
for their approval of the Government's
policy.
Mr. Asquith. speaking at the Dundee,
credited the Government with a sincere
and honest desire to avoid ,war. It
seemed Incredible, he said, that the other
should strike the first blow in a conflict
which could have but one issue. The
handling of the problem by the Boers was
such as no civilized country could permit
and the issue raised by the Transvaal's
ill-starred dispatch was one from which
Great Britain could not shrink, but was
bound to take up.
The vast majority of the British peo
ple, Mr. Asquith declared, contemplated
the war with reluctance and aversion, and
saw In it little or no prospect either of
advantage or military glory. It was not
with a light heart that they took up the
challenge, but now that it was forced
upon them, they would see it through.
• Right Hon. William St. John Broderick,
Under Secretary of State for Foreign Af
fairs, announced In a speech at Guilford
that the Government had made the only
possible reply to the Transvaal, namely,
that "we are not prepared to discuss such
terms."
AMERICANS EXPRESS
SYMPATHY WITH BOERS
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— great mass
meeting was held in Carnegie Hall to- j
night to express sympathy with the Boers !
In their controversy with Great Britain, j
The flag of the Transvaal republic hung '
side by side with the stars and stripes. !
The colors of the Orange Free State were !
also displayed. On the platform and in
the ampitheater were gathered men of all '
'hales of political faith. Many women
were present.
Augustus .Van Wyck, who was the Dem
ocratic candidate for Governor in oppo
sition to Roosevelt, presided. A number
of societies were represented, including
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, Sons of the Revolution, Society of
Colonial Dames. Order of the Loyal Le
gion. Holland Society, Holland Dames and
the United Irish Societies. Among those
present were General James R. O'Beirne,
who recently was appointed representa
tive of the Been in this country. The
long list of vice presidents Includes Gov
ernor Pingree of Michigan, Senator Mason
of Illinois. Senator Piatt of New York and
Senator Teller of Colorado..
Van -Wyck made a speech In which he
characterized the pending struggle as one
of the strong against the weak.
Bourke Cockran then took the platform
and was received with a tremendous ova
tion. He spoke for an hour, and while the
applause - was cyclonic at times, there
were a good many interruptions on the
part of several, hundred English sympa
thizers who occupied seats in the rear
of the uall and in the galleries. Mr.
Cockran went into detail on the relations
between the two contending nation,
spoke of England's rights In the making
of treaties with the Boers, and added:
"The United States has as much right
to intervene |to prevent aggression and
preserve peace as England has for the
gratification of greed and the spoliation
of territory. President Kruger was with
in his rights, and I believe stepped out
side his duty when he consented to dis
cuss the question of citizenship with any
person who should couple it with a
threat. The ostensible reasons assigned
for Mr. Chamberlain's policy are so inad
equate that we are compelled to look for
the real reasons elsewhere. Why is it
that the peace of the world Is endangered
on such a flimsy pretense?
"The answer is on the tongue of every
Englishman, but it suggests such reck
lessness, such heedless moral depravity,
that I would not undertake to formulate
it. Let an Englishman answer jit and it
proclaims the Infamy of their Govern
ment.
"In all the history of the human race,"
AMERICAN OFFICIALS HOPE
THAT WAR MAY BE AVERTED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct.
While prepared to protect British Interests in the South African Repub
lic as far as consistent with its policy of strict neutrality, the administra
tion Is hopeful that war may at the last moment be averted. Just how
this will be accomplished cannot be Indicated here, but officials cognizant of
the situation say the fact of Queen Victoria's opposition to war and of
the great pressure brought to bear on England both at home and abroad,
though not of a governmental character, may result in concessions. In dip
lomatic circles, however. it is apparent that Great Britain's simple acknowl
edgment of the Boer ultimatum indicates a purpose to place upon Kruger's
Government the responsibility of forcing hostilities, and foreign represent
atives here do not doubt that to-morrow morning's papers will record a posi
tive announcement of the Boer's advance.
As soon as war breaks out Cons Macrum will be instructed to notify
the Secretary of State for the Transvaal that the British Government has
requested the United States to protect its interests in South Africa: that it
is the purpose of the United States to be strictly neutral, and that if not
objectionable to the Transvaal Government this Government will act for
Great Britain. The British -Government has not formally requested the
President to act as indicated^ though Mr. Tower, the British Charge, had
another conference to-day with Acting Secretary of State Hill. The author
ities appreciate Great Britain's desire, -d the Salisbury administration un
derstands the intention of the United Rates to comply with it. Correspond
ence concerning the protection of Spanish subjects and interests In the
United States by diplomatic and consular officers of France and Austria-
Hungary during the war with Spain Indicates the policy which the admin
istration will pursue in protecting British Interests in the Transvaal. The
archives of British consulates will be turned over to Consul Macrum and his
commercial agents.
When John Sherman was Secretary of State he received from Embassa
dor Cambon and Minister Hengelmul'.er, representing Franc c and Austria.
notification that their Gov juts had been charged with the projection of
Spanish interests. To their :es he made this identical reply: "In reply I
beg to inform you that the Government of the United States c.dmits
your friendly action in assuming charge of the protection of Spanish sub
jects and interests In the United States. It is, of course, understood, in con
formity with international usage which obtains in circumstances like the
present, that the present arrangement contemplates only the friendly of
fices of yourself and your esteemed colleagues, as well as Consular represen
tatives of your respective nations, should occasion therefore arise with re
gard to Spanish subjects and inter- actually within the jurisdiction of the
United States and embraces no representative office by either of you on be
half of the Government of Spain, between which Government " and the
United States, a condition of war unhappily exists."
Advises just received from Consul Macrum show that he Is confident
that American interests will not become dangerously Involved, though both
he and the State Department appreciate that if an American or his in
terests should get in the path of hostilities damage Is hkelv to follow. The
Boers, notwithstanding the fact that they have a law which permits im
pressment of aliens to their army in the event of war. have announced that
Americans will not be commandered, which is naturally very gratifying to
this Government. In view of this comparative lack of danger to Americans
and their interests, and the purpose of this Government to impress upon the
Kruger Government its intention to be strictly neutral, the authorities recon
sidered to-day their intention to send the Montgomery to South Africa, and
she will be retained in American waters for the present.
shouted Mr. Cockran, "I defy any man to
find an Instance where war has been
based upon reasons as atrocious as this."
Mr. Cockran eulogized President Kru
ger, who was cheered.
."■"lt has been said." he continued, "that
while the President of the United States
sympathizes with the Transvaal, yet he
loves England too well to remonstrate.
If this be so then he Is ready to connive
BRITISH CRUISER PHILOMEL.
This warship is on duty In Delagoa Bay, where she has overhauled
several merchant vessels loaded with war munitions for the Boers.
at oppression. But this is not so."
He declared his belief that if England
goes to war with the Transvaal the
United States will forcibly advance her
claims regarding the Alaskan boundary.
These resolutions were adopted:
"Resolved, That this meeting having
considered the difficulty which has arisen
between Great Britain and the South
African republic, and having examined
the relation of these two States, as de
fined by the convention of ISO and 1354, Is
of the opinion that Great Britain does not
possess any right of intervention in the
internal affairs of the South African re
public either by treaty or by international
law.
"Resolved, That this meeting is also of
the opinion that the South African re
public, although not bound to comply
with any of the demands of Great Brit
ain, has shown a proper and commend
able' willingness to consider the alleged
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
: grievance and to grant reasonable privi
leges, and that, therefore, it is the duty
of Great Britain not to force a conflict
in South Africa, but either to accept the
. offered reforms or leave the whole mat
| ter to a court of arbitration.
"Resolved, That a copy of these reso
; lutions be transmitted to the Govern-
I ment of the United States, to the Gov
ernment of Great Britain and to the
Government of the South African repub
lic."
It had been rumored around the hall
that the meeting would break up in a
seething mass of people burning a
Union Jack. It was expected by the
plotters that pandemonium would reign.
At the end of the meeting a man in the
rear of the hall, with a few followers as
a bodyguard, seized a Union Jack that
was hoisted there and tore it to shreds.
Then he turned to run and was thrown
out of the hall by the police.
MEN OF MANY RACES
MAY FIGHT BRITONS
LONDON. Oct. 11- A telegram from
Pretoria timed 7:30 yesterday evening
says: The situation is becoming hourly
more critical. Numerous Americans,
Germans, French, Swedes, Belgians, Nor
wegians, Danes. Italians, ' Dutchmen,
Swiss and Cape Afrikanders have gone to
the border to fight for the Transvaal, al
though they are not burghers, while many
British residents also have taken the oath
of allegiance. The hope is expressed by
many that war will yet be averted.
LORD ROSEBERY ,JOW
EXPRESSES HIS VIEWS
LONDON, Oct. Lord Rosebery. the
former Premier and Liberal leader, has
finally declared his position relative to
the South African question. In a letter
under to-day's date he says:
"I have maintained silence because I am
loth to re-enter politics. To-day, how
ever, I can speak without touching poli
tics, for a situation has been created
which is. beyond party polemics. I think
there is ; much in the last three years of
our returns with the Government of the
Transvaal to criticize if not condemn, but
that is ' all over for the present. It is
needless to discuss how we could best
have attained our simple and reasonable
object of rescuing our fellow countrymen
in the Transvaal from intolerable condi
tlors of subjection and injustice and of
securing equal rights for the white races
in South Africa: for" an ultimatum has
been addressed to Great Britain by the
South African republic which is itself a
declaration of war.
"In the face of this attack upon the na
tion the people will undoubtedly close
their ranks and relegate party controver
sies to a more convenient season. There
Is one more word to be said. Without at
tempting to judge the policy which con
cluded a peace after the reverse at Ma
juba Hill, I am bound to state my pro
found conviction that there is no con
ceivable Government in this country
which could reseat it." <T -.~2
WARFARE OF THE PAST AND PRESENT
STORY OF THE LAST
BOER-BRITISH WAR
Conditions Have Changed and This Cam
paign Cannot Be So Easllij Won hg
Kruger's Forces,
THE Boers have little ground for hope that the war into which they are
Just now plunging will be so quickly terminated as when they last braved
and beat the British forces on their borders in 1881. Nor can they well ex
pect that the course and finish of the affair will be as favorable to them as
in that instance. Eighteen years have made many chancres In the situa
tion. The Transvaal Is no longer an almost Inaccessible country, ap
proachable from the nearest British seaport by but one difficult route over the
rugged Drakenberg Mountains. Now three railroad lines enter the country, one
from the Portuguese port at Delagoa Bay on the east, a second from the British
Tort Durban (Port Natal) on the southeast, and a third from points In Cape
Colony crosses the Orange Free State and enters the Transvaal from the south,
while still another, the Cape-Kimberly-Mafaeking-Bulawayo line, all in British
territory, skirts the whole length of the western border of the Boer country.
Except on the east, where. the Transvaal touches the Portuguese, the two Boer
states are entirely surrounded by British territory, more or less well settled and
as well fitted for fighting as the Boers themselves.
The last trouble began In December, 1880, and lasted but eight weeks, during
which the Boers, though generally far outnumbered, met and defeated some of
the very best veteran troops In the British army, and on March 21 dictated their
own terms to the British commander, Sir Evelyn Wood, at O'Neill's farm, be
tween Majuba Hill and Newcastle, as the price of the safety of his army.
The British flag had been raised and British sovereignty asserted In the
Transvaal by Sir Theophilus Shepstone, a British Commissioner, in 1877, and
ifter nearly three years of vain protests and pleas for the restoration of their
ights and Independence, guaranteed in solemn treaty and convention at Sand
River In 1864, the Boers broke out in open rebellion. . * .
Their opportunity came in 'he latter part of 1880, when there were com
paratively few British troops In the Transvaal, distributed as garrisons In the
more Important towns. On November 11 a number of Boers Interfered and pre
vented the execution of a magistrate's process at Potchefstrom and the trouble
was begun. British troops were sent to the scene and made an unsuccessful at
tempt to arrest the ringleaders of the affair. It was then seen that a col
lision was near at hand.
On December 13 a mass-meeting of Boers at Heidelberg proclaimed - the
Transvaal once more a republic, established a triumvirate government and pre
pared to defend their republic by force of arms.
This news aroused the Cape Government to the- seriousness of the situation
and troops were at once put in motion to crush the rebellion In the bud. On
December 20 Colonel Anstruther. with 250 men of the Ninety-fourth Regi
ment, on the way to reinforce the garrison at Pretoria, was attacked en route,
when two days' march beyond Ollphants River, and the whole party either
killed or captured. On a rising ground near Brankhorst Spruit an armed body
of Boers made their appearance ami a man galloped out from them with a flag
of truce, bearing a sealed dispatch for Colonel Anstruther. warning him that
the British advance would be considered a declaration of war. Anstruther re
plied that he was ordered to go to Pretoria and should do so. The Boer pal
loped back to his party and the fight, if fight it could be called, begun. The
Boers were good marksmen and on rising ground, behind trees and rocks, had
the British at their mercy. In ten minutes every officer had fallen, some forty
men were killed and nearly one hundred wounded. Colonel Anstruther. him
self bauly wounded, saw that he must surrender or lose every man and he
surrendered. . 
The next fighting was across the Natal border, and on the same ground thai
will very likely be the scene of further battling in the next few weeks, in case
the British m ■■'■• forward to the border. Sir George Collev was advancing with
a strong column of troops from Port Natal by way of Pietermaritzhurg ate; New
castle to th" border, when he encountered a force of Boers at Laings Neck on
February 1* and was badly defeated, with the loss of a large numb, of men.
including nearly every officer on the firing line, who were made especial marks
by the Boers. Falling back to Ingoyo River he was followed by the enemy and
again badly handled. Officer after officer went down before the unerring aim
of the enemy, while the British fire did little damage, and they could get no
opportunity to use the bayonet.
The last and worst defeat of all was vet to come to the British— the disas
trous and humiliating affair of Majuba Hill. Sir Evelyn Wood had arrived at
Port Natal with reinforcements, and was hurrying them to the front when the
blow fell that forced him to sue for peace.
On the night of January 2s. 1881 . Sir George Colley, with the Gordon High
landers and some other troops, moved out from his camp at Prospect Hill and
occupied the summit of Majuba Hill, five miles beyond and some MOO feet above
the river bed. Early the next morning the enemy attacked his position. There
was some desultory firing, under the cover of which three storming parties of
Boers ascended the hill almost unseen by the British, who outflanked and sur
rounded were at once subjected to a deadly fire from all sides. The slaughter
was terrible. The officers were soon all shot down. Including Sir George Colley
himself, and the men broke and fled. Some escaped and a large number were
taken prisoners. Such a defeat has seldom fallen upon the British arms. The
war was over.
General Sir Evelyn "Wood came upon the scene soon after and proposed an
armistice, which was followed on March 21 by his signing a treaty of peace on
the basis proposed by Kruger and his colleagues.
Tt is said that the real object of Lord
Rosebery*s silence until to-day was to
lead President Kruger to believe that
Lord Rosebery and his followers might
come to the assistance of the Transvaal,
thus stiffening President Kruger's back
to resist British demands. According to
this explanation Lord Rosebery's fear has
been that President Kruger would yield,
which from his Lordship's point of view
would have been fatal, as he is fully con
vinced that the only road to permanent
peace is the defeat of the Boers.
FRENCH SHIPMENTS OF
AMMUNITION STOPPED
LOURENZO MARQUES, Oct. 11.— The
British third class cruiser Philomet has
returned, after following the French
steamer Entre Rios, Captain Cannon,
from Havre, Aupust 2.". for South Africa.
The cruiser found no ammunition on
board. It is asserted that all French
shipments were stopped when the German
cargoes were seized.
STEYN'S REPLY TO
SIR ALFRED MILNER
LONDON, Oct. Further particulars ;
regarding the correspondence between
President Bteyn of the Orange Free State ;
and Sir Alfred Milner, Governor of Cape
Colony and British High Commissioner in :
South Africa, cat. led from Bloemfontein,
show that Sir Alfred on October 7 stated
that the imperial Government was recon
sidering the situation in view of the fact
that both the republics were on a war .
footing, and was even titer; prepared to
consider a definite suggestion of the ter
mination of the crisis. In another dis- j
patch he says:
"My object In all communications since I
October 2 has been to leave nothing un- !
done to prevent such action on the part
of the Transvaal as Is calculated to make j
a pacific solution finally Impossible. I I
cannot, however, ask the imperial Govern
ment for a pledge, either regarding the
disposition of troops in British territory
in South Africa or their dispatch from
other parts of the empire."
President Steyn replied
"The reasons for arming the Transvaal
were the presence of an alien, hostile
population In its midst, which was always
stirring up hatred and endeavoring for
political or financl? ' reasons to undermine
the independence of the State. The Boers
have never taken the offensive, not even
after the Jameson raid, when the Trans- :
CLARETS and
SAUTERNES.
THE WINES SHIPPED BT
A. De LUZE & FILS.
Bordeaux, France,
are, Without Exception, the Finest and Mot
Bailable Imported.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
AGENTS,
Hi Bacramento Street, San Francisco, Cat
vaal was strongly armed and there w?r->
few British troops there. Regarding the
Free State army, it will ho remembered
that the Free State always liver! at peace
and in harmony with its neighbors, and
has everything to lose ami nothing to
gain by a rupture. The burghers will cer
tainly not be called out unless the Gov
ernment is thoroughly convinced that the
British troops on the borders of both
States are a decided menace to the inde
pendence of the Transvaal, which the
Free State is bound to assist."
GARRISON WELL ABLE
TO HOLD ITS OWN
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 11. -There is little
fear with regard to the possibility of a
successful Boer attack upon Cape Colony.
It is believed that the garrison is well able
to hold Its own. The fact is recalled that
in 1881, when the British were standing on
the defensive, they were almost invariably
successful.
In a debate in the Cape House of As
sembly last evening regarding the allega
tions of Boer maltreatment of refugees
from the Transvaal, the Premier, Mr.
Schreiner, implored the House not to be
lieve the newspapers In this particular.
"So far as I Know," he said, "there is
no truth in the statement that the Orange
Free State Railway officials have commit
ted brutal assaults on British passengers,
and officials deny these statements."
On the other hand, the reports of out
rages and insult are plentifully corrob
orated.
BIG GUN POSTED
ON THE NATAL BORDER
PRETORIA. Oct. 11. The German de
tachment has posted a big gun on the
Free State-Natal border in a position to
aid Wakkerstroom. Five hundred burgh
ers assisted in hauling the gun up a steep
and almost inaccessible activity.
The Official Gazette to-day contains the
confiscation law, approved by the Volks
raad September 29, adopting the mining
article in the gold taw, enacted last year,
empowering the Government to confiscate
claims and mines belonging to persons
convicted of treason or conspiracy against
the State. r i *•>■ m
ENTIRE FIRST DRAFT
IS NOW MOBILIZED
VOLKSRUST, Transvaal, Oct. 11.—
entire first draft of the Transvaal and
Free State Boers is now mobilized. The
laager has been shifted to a better posi
tion for water and grazing. The generals
commandants and. field cornets have in
spected the various strategical points on
the border. A man ostensibly coming
from the Orange Free State has been de
tained hero owing to his suspicious ac
tions.
CANADIAN TROOPS
WILL BE ACCEPTED
OTTAWA, Ontario, Oct. 11.— response
to intimations that the Canadian Govern
ment would furnish a military contingent
for service in the Transvaal a cablegram
has been received from the "War Office
stating that the Imperial Government will
accept "two units," or about 500 men, for
such service. No officer higher than a
major is required, indicating that the con
tingent will be attached to an imperial
corps. ■•_£ :: -, • v
Fruit-Pickers Scarce.
SALINAS, Oct. 11.— Fruit-packers in
this locality are much worried over their
Inability to got a sufficient number of
pickers. All .the orchardlsts have been
working short-handed this season. Al
though white labor has been given pref
erence, yet it is hard to procure. The
apple crop of the Salinas Valley is enor
mous this year.
Car Derailed.
GILROY, Oct. 11.— A car loaded with
horses was derailed at the Gllroy station
to-day. A defective rail broke, causing
the accident. Luckily the train was
switching slowly, and none of the horses
were Injured, although they received a
severe Jolting and bumping over the
ties. The track was soon cleared and re
paired.
THE SA.N FEAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1899.
TORONTO, Ont„ Oct. 11.— Friends
of the Boers attempted about 10
o'clock to-night to burn down
that part of Toronto fort In
which Is stored the equipment for
Ontario and the western section of
the South African contingent. The
equipment was ready to hand out
at a moment's notice. An officer on
going the rounds saw a fire and
with help extinguished it just in
time, for in a few minutes the
interior would have been blazing.
An investigation showed that rags
and paper saturated with oil had
been piled 'up against the wood
work • and fired. The police and
pickets are hunting for the incen
diaries suspected and quadruple
guards are now on duty. The Gov
ernment will offer a reward for the
discovery of the criminal.
MAY INVALIDATE
SAN RAFAEL ORDINANCES
Unique Contention Filed in an
Answer to a Suit for
Damages.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 11— answer to' a
suit for damages was filed In the Superior
Court to-day which, if the contentions
therein contained stand the test of the
law, will invalidate one-half the ordi
nances of the city. The suit in question
was filed by Helon Hardman and H. A. !
Hardman, her husband, against Millen
Griffith Jr. for damages in the sum of i
$5300 and costs of suit on account of In
juries alleged to have been received by a
bicycle ridden by the youthful defendant
in defiance of a town ordinance.
In the complaint, filed last May, it was
alleged that Millen Griffith had ridden a
wheel on the sidewalks of the city and that j
while so enjoying himself he carelessly
collided with plaintiff and caused injuries
of a nature which necessitated her taking
to her bed and being placed under the
care of a physician for some time. The •
effect of these Injuries was said to be j
such that Mrs. Hardman averred her
belief that she should be reimbursed for
what she paid for medical attendance and
should receive $6000 for damages.
The answer, tiled by Attorneys Page, :
1 Eels and McCutchenJ denies all the allega- i
tions In the complaint and puts forward ;
'< the claim that the ordinance against bi
cycle riding on sidewalks was adopted
'■■ while San Rafael was a municipal cor
poration of the .sixth class, whereas the i
accident occurred while the town was a :
municipal corporation of the fifth class.
If this contention holds good, all the
police and license ordinances of the town
: would be invalidated. Attorney James
W. Cochrane, representing the plaintiff,
declares the contention to be without
merit and says that it Is absurd to say
that a change In municipal class, which
depends simply upon the census, should .
! render it necessary to readopt any ordi- |
nance.
ATTORNEY TERRILL ON
TRIAL FOR FORGERY
Accused of Delivering Worthless
Deeds in Payment for
Money Due.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11. -Samuel Is. Terrill,
1 the attorney who has defrauded Santa
Clara County people out of sums aggre
gating $20,000, is on trial before a jury in
: Judge Lorigan's department of the Supe
rior Court, Great Interest centers in the
case, as Terrill's victims number at least
i half a hundred. There are eight Grand
Jury indictments for forgery and embez
zlement hanging over him.
This is tile second trial of Terrill, the
first having resulted in a disagreement on
a charge of defrauding Mrs. Clara A.
Fread of Morgan Hill out of $300.
The offense he is now charged with is
forgery, by which he obtained $400 from
Richard J. Hawke of New Almaden. Ter
rill obtained the money lor the purported
• purpose of loaning it to Conrad Mart.
I He pocketed it, however, and later gave
I Hawke a mortgage signed by Leon Mc-
I Abee and covering two lots In this city as
security. Investigation proved McAbee a
I myth and the instrument a forgery. On
i ins solemn promise to pay he was not
prosecuted. Later he also gave Hawke a
worthless deed to a mine in Tuolumne
; County to quiet him. Terrill also wrote
Hawke a letter acknowledging his guilt,
but begging for clemency.
This- was the substance of Hawke's tes
timony. D. T. Ames, handwriting expert,
testified that the signature Leon McAbee
was that of the same person (Terrill) who
drew up the mortgage.
The case will go on again to-morrow
I and will occupy several days.
TROUBLE OVER A LIBRARY.
Lively Squabble Among San Rafael
Trustees.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 11.— A squabble has
arisen among the members of the Board
of Free Library Trustees which threat
ens seriously to impair the usefulness of
that institution. The trouble is all caused
by a desire of Albert Boyen and Attorney
James W. Cochrane, a minority of the
board, to comply with a recent order
adopted by the town Trustees requiring
the library quarters to be removed to cer
tain apartments specially set apart for
that purpose in the new High School
building. These two gentlemen hay*.
the support of the town Trustees, and it
is probable that in the end they will
"win out," although considerable ani
mosity will doubtless be stirred up before
a final settlement is reached.
Owing to the straitened condition of the
city finances the Board of Town Trustees
was unable to appropriate more thai $500
to prepare the apartments in the High
School building for a library, but it Is con
tended both by that body and by Messrs.
Boyen and Cochrane that such a Bum is
ample for the purpose. At a meeting of
the library trustees held las'; evening
lengthy resolutions were presented by
Charles Fish, Attorney Vincent Neal and
Carter P. Pomeroy against moving the
library into the quarters prepared for it,
the principal objection being that at least
$1000 would be required to make the rooms
suitable for a library. They voted in fa
vor of the resolutions and Boyen and
Cochrane against them.
The rental of the rooms in which the
library is contained at present on Fourth
street, near D, is $30 a month, and it is
understood that if the library is not
moved the Town Trustees will refuse to
pay this rental any longer. In such case
the institution will either have to be re
moved or the rent paid by private sub
scription. As the sentiment generally is :
in favor of removal, the burden will in I
all likelihood fail upon the shoulders of
the obstructionists.
ESCAPES FROM PRISON.
Mailbox Robber Stratton Breaks
From a Penitentiary.
DENVER, Oct. 11.— James K. Stratton,
the mailbox robber and forger, has es
caped from the penitentiary at Canyon
City, where he was serving a sentence of
twenty-one years' imprisonment. Warden
Hoyt says no tools were used, and be-'
lieves the prisoner must have received
help from some one Inside. Stratton, es
caped from the same prison in Septem
ber, 1893, and was recaptured a year later
in Chicago.
•
"KID" ADAMS KILLED.
Colorado Stage Robber Shot by a
Deputy Sheriff.
DENVER, Oct. 11.— special to the
Republican from Ouray, Colo., says: Sher
iff Edgar to-day received a telegram from
Deputy Sheriff George Kuchen from Nor
wood, Colo., thirty-five miles west of
here, announcing that he had killed John
Carter, alias "Kid" Adams, one of the
outlaws who held ;up the Sneff els stage
near here a few days ago. No particulars
are given. -'
Sewer Contract Awarded.
RED BLUFF. Oct. 11.— Bids for the
construction and material to complete
the sewer system were opened last night
by the Board of Trustees. The contract
was awarded to the Pacific Construction
Company of San Francisco. The bid was
$29,443. Six bids were received,- ranging
from $32,000 to that of the Pacific Con
struction Company. Work will be com
menced in a few days. 1
CONSUL GENERAL
WHITE DECLARES THE
TRANSVAAL WILL WIN
Scores Chamberlain fop His Folic], Closes
His Office In London and Leaves
for the Continent,
T ONDON, Oct. 11.— Montague White, Consul General of the South African
LONDON, In London, closed the consulate this afternoon and Immediately
Republic in London, closed the consulate this afternoon and immediately
| left for the Continent. ';.'
8 j Mr. White's departure was not attended by any excitement. Before
leaving England he said: "The expected has happened. I only hope the
hellishness of this premeditated crushing out of a hardy republic is now ap
parent. Let me remind America that the onus of war lies not upon those who
fire the first shot, but upon those who compel It to be fired.
"Technically we have temporarily put ourselves In the attitude of an ag
gressor, but who would not have done so when he believed the existence of his
country was at stake? I think we must look far ahead to see the consequences
of this war. Instead of the pacification of South Africa, which Is the alleged
aim of England, we shall have perpetual unrest. These very people for whom
England is now fighting will turn against her rule as bitterly as they are now
protesting against ours.
"For weeks I had seen England's determination to force a hostile Issue—
rather Mr. Chamberlain's. I am sure he Is the only member of the Cabinet
whose mind was thoroughly made up throughout all the negotiations. What his
intentions were is evident from the situation to-day. Had the franchise been
the chief grievance our five-year proposition would certainly have been accepted.
I have reason to believe that England enters upon her warlike course by no
means a unit. Opposition to Mr. Chamberlain's policy exists to a greater ex
tent than Is generally conceded.
"Our evident desire to conciliate has been much appreciated, and our refusal
to allow our affairs to be administered by another nation has not excited genuine
indignation here or in any quarter of the globe. However, Mr. Chamberlain has
accomplished his purpose and all hope is gone. I believe, nevertheless, that a
considerable reversal in British opinion would be effected by any serious defeat,
for most of those now supporting the Government are doing so with a light
heart and on general principles, not stopping to count the cost of war."
Mr. White cited the Isandlwhama massacre as an Instance of such a
change in British opinion. He then said:
"I suppose there can be only one ultimate result of the hostilities. As to the
duration of the war I am not able to guess. It seems to be a matter of the
greatest. uncertainty. I hear that Great Britain will not begin the wiping out
process until December. In the meantime we shall see what we shall see. I
have received no special instructions or news from the Transvaal during the
last forty-eight hours, and I expect none, having long ago received directions
as to what course for me to take when matters reached this stage. I shall re
main on the Continent, and if anything further can be done to the interest of
my Government, I shall, of course, endeavor to do it, although there seems
nothing left but to fight to the bitter end."
Mr. White seemed much distressed over the lupture, and evidently did not
entertain the least hope of Boer success. He said the Transvaal agency In
Brussels would be continued as the European headquarters of the Government.
Mr. White's reference to the Isandlwhama massacre Is an allusion to the
attack made on January 22, 1879, oy some 15,000 Znius upon the British camp
at Isandula or Isandlwhama, about ten miles from Rorke's Drift, on the
Tugela. Five companies of the Twenty-fourth Regiment with Colonel' Dunford,
Lieutenant Colonel Pulleine, and other officers, were massacred, the British
total loss being about 837. Two thousand Zulus are said to have been killed.
TITLE GAINED BY
SIMPLE PURCHASE
Philippines Not Won by
Conquest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Oct. 11.— The first public
utterance of Judge William R. Day, who
was president of the American Peace
Commission, concerning the deliberations
of the commissioners at Paris, is con
tained in a letter written to former Con
gressman D. K. Watson of this city and
read by him at a Republican meeting in
this city -night. Judge Day sets forth
the reasons which, in his mind, justified
the payment of $20,000,000 for the Philip
pint declaring that it was never con
tended by the American commissioners
that the United States had a right to the
Philippines as a matter of conquest.
In this letter, after reviewing at length
the long negotiations between the Spanish
and the American peace commissioners,
reciting the several propositions submitted
to the Spaniards for the cession of the
Philippines, and the final offer, for the
sake of securing an immediate peace, to
pay an indemnity of $20,000,000, Judge Day
says :
On the 2 th of November the Spanish Com
missioners accepted the terms offered by the
representatives of the United States. You will
observe that In making this proposal It is dis
tinctly said that it embodied the concessions
which for the sake of Immediate peace the
American Government was willing to make.
There were douhless other reasons actuating
the commissioners in making this proposal,
though I think the chief one is embodied in
the statement above written. It was not
claimed that the United States had a right
to the Philippines as a matter of conquest.
The United States has never undertaken, so
far as I know, to wrest from a foreign coun
try lands or possessions simply by right of con
quest. lit I we been disposed to do so it must
be remembered that we were in possession only
of the city, bay and harbor of Manila under
the protocol of August 12, 1898, providing the
United States should occupy and hold the
same pending the conclusion of a treaty of
peace. which should determine the control, dis
position and government of the Philippines.
The capture after the signing of the protocol,
by General .Y'-rrltt and his forces, whatever its
legal effect may have been, Included no more
territory than we were entitled to hold under
the protocol.
In addition to the hope of accomplishing im
! mediate peace, which. I need hardly say, was
Ijff™M|jj f We have a.number of new fe|
Vml ■\ll\ll\ patterns in our $10 tailor- jfcs
' \llftif\ made suits. Call in and get lp|
| \\| ill \ some samples, or write for %A
I M JJI * them if you live out of San &&
} & _ I Francisco. You know we . $.•$/
&sf§) put cons.deraole work into these suits are fgs
off careful of them, even if the price f|Jl j
few is Jow. I ■ Yfr-
p^ We repair the suits free for a InT I
fpli year, but in the beginning we re- ' mlHAji I
<LM| turn your money if you think the (fj^il?!
p|l suit is not worth the price. M;i [ |nl|
m s. n. WOOD & co., : IfflfjP
'fejl Market Street and ; . j '!i i\l //■■'
ifr'AL : - Cop. Powell and Eddy. 'ill II
of great importance at that time, there was a
strong desire to treat Spain with a decree of
magnanimity consistent with our national
honor and prestige, following our national pre
cedent in the treatment of Mexico for the ces
sion of territory at the close of the Mexican
war. By the cession for a consideration, we
Obtained an indisputable title which must be
respected by all other nations. It must be re
membered, too, that the American commis
si!;. had consistently refused any of the
outstanding debts or obligations which Spain
had undertaken to fasten upon the Philippines.
Notwithstanding our offer to pay for pacific
improvements, Spain had not undertaken to
substantiate any claim upon that ground.
Of course, I speak only for myself, and I
write these views without opportunity to con
sult with my fellow commissioners. In my
Judgment the concession referred to was ef
fectual in bringing about an acceptance of our
proposals, which resulted in the making of the
treaty. ' ~- ■• *.-:.=
SENSATION SPRUNG
IN THE MILLS CASE
Deceased Left a Note in Which
He Stated That He Had
Eo Children.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 11.— The defense
sprung a sensation in the contest over the
estate of Robert Mills to-day. Mrs. Mi
randa E. Mills, wife of deceased, was the
most important witness examined. She
introduced a memorandum book kept by
her husband In which was written the
following statement:
"January 9, 1897.— Knowing that death Is
certain and often sudden, I write this
statement. I never had but one wife,
Miranda E. Mills, and I further state I
have no children. I leave no will. I wish
the distribution of my estate to be ac
cording to the laws of the State.
"ROBERT MILLS."
A similar statement was found in an
other book. The handwriting in both
cases had previously been passed upon by
Daniel T. Ames, the expert, and pro
nounced that of Robert Mills. At the
hour of adjourning Mrs. Mills was still on
the stand undergoing cross-examination.
WRIGHT WAS FOXY.
Cleverly Evadea" Deputy Sheriff
Lucas and His Writ.
LARKSPUR, Oct. Deputy Sheriff
John Lucas girded up his loins yesterday
and did the David and Goliah act, with
President C. W. Wright of the local water
company as his opponent, but Lucas got
badly fooled and the writ of mandate is
sued by Superior Judge Angellottl order
ing the company to supply water to Mrs.
Kate G. Record has not yet been served.
i Wright adopted a fin de Steele method to
avoid service of the writ that would have
| made Goliah ashamed of himself. He hid
! behind a water tank near the railroad,
and when Lucas got off the early train
from San Rafael with the intention of
either finding Wright or keeping him
penned in his house all day the astute
official slipped aboard the train and went
to San Francisco. The hour of his return
no man knoweth.
Attorney Mahony came to the rescue
and cut the Gordian knot in a manner
more forcible than legal perhaps. Ma
hony's flowers were suffering while water
in plenty was near, and he wouldn't
"stand for it." He simply opened his
meter box, turned on the water and then
nailed the cover down so tightly that a
crowbar would hardly have sufficed to
open It again. Water now flows in plenty
over the Mahony garden, but the writ still
ornaments Lucas' pocket.
GOLDEN JUBILEE.
Mrs. E. O. Smith Elected Programme
Director.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— Mrs. E. O. Smith,
the well-known society woman, has been
elected programme director of the golden
jubilee celebration to be held here for
four days, commencing December 20, in
honor of the semi-centennial inauguration
of statehood in California. This will in
sure interesting programmes for the dif
ferent days of the event. - % m'2S'
The general committee in charge of the
celebration Is meeting with great success
and the jubilee promises to be one of the
largest and most historical entertain
ments ever held on the coast.
Noble's > v .ory.
SAUSALITO, Oct, 11.-The friends of
Delos Noble, the young man whose ex
ploit in striking a young lady recently
brought him into prominence, while mak
ing no excuse for his action on one score,
assert that he has been done an injustice.
It is stated in behalf of Noble that^he
lost his head on. account of the girl in
question following him all around the
steamer San Rafael; and insulting him
in the presence of a number of auditors,
even going to the length of expectorating
in his face. On leaving the boat the girl
slapped him, when his anger caused. him
on the Impulse of the moment to slap her
in return.
THE NUMBERS TELL
OF WOMAN'S WOES.
f'No
natural
■women
are .
most
the discovery of HUDYAN. however,
these delicate diseases are of less fre- \
quent occurrence, and thousands of suf- j
fering women have been restored to per- |
feet health again.
HUDYAN permanently cures female ;
weakness in all its forms, hence HUD- !
VAN is the greatest earthly boon to suf- j
fering women.
Weak and nervous women who suffer
with headaches (fig. 1), sunken eyes and
dark rings under eyes (fig. 2), hollow !
cheeks and pale, thin faces (fig. 3); coated
tongue and offensive breath (fig. 4), should
take HUDYAN. These conditions" are in
most instances the direct result of some
chronic ailment of the maternal organs.
HUDYAN affords immediate relief, for it
goes to the bottom of the evil and exerts
its curative influence there. HUDYAN
cures all uterine and ovarian troubles.
Don't wait; take HUDYAN now.
Get HUDYAN from your druggist— 6oc
a package, six packages $2.50. If your
druggist does not keep it send direct to
HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, GERMANY. ON ;
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1898, and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner Of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $643.965 00
Cash In Company's Office 9 52
Cash in Banks .. 8... 51 ,4
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 920 00
Premiums in Due Course of Collection 46,229 12
Balances due from Agents 22,428 79
Total Assets .. .$796,334 17
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,744 50
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 19,182 47
Losses resisted, including expenses — 6,175 00
Gross premium on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $383,243 32; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 191,62166
Gross, premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $149,189 51; rein-
surance pro rata 99,339 35
All other demands against the Com-
pany 7,967 57
Total Liabilities ....$332.030 56
:V; INCOME. " ™
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $470,170 14
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 23,202 52
Total Income ■■ .$493.372 66
EXPENDITURES. ' — — —
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $24,461 22, losses of previous
years) $251,246 84
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 92,193 55
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 63.254 50
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 10,612 31
All other payments and expenditures. 35.197 31 j
Total Expenditures ■ $452.504 51 I
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $255,900 33
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks --■ • r
written during the
year $45,059,170 $617,092 64.
Net amount of : Risks •,-.•..•
expired during the
year 41,052,560 615.719 29
Net amount In force
December 31. 1893 40.728.345 '532.432 83
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy.
Manager.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY,; ■
Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager.
ALFRED R. GRIM, h sst. Manager, j
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN- FRANCISCO. CAL.
DB. Kn-MEB^JWAMP^BOOT^
"freFto^ufferers,
The New Cure for Kidney, Bladder and
Uric Acid Troubles.
Almost everybody who reads the
newspapers is sure to know of the won-
derful cures made by Dr. Kilmers
i Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy.
It is the great medical' triumph of the
I nineteenth century; discovered after
; years of scientific research by Dr. Kil-
mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
: specialist, and is wonderfully success-
i ful in promptly curing kidney, liver,
bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in pri-
vate practice, among the helpless too
{ poor to purchase relief, and has proved
so successful in every case that a spe-
cial arrangement has been made by
which all readers of the San Francisco
Call who have not already tried it may
have a sample bottle sent free by mail;
also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and how to find out if you have
kidney or bladder trouble. When writ-
ing mention reading this generous of-
fer in the San Francisco Call, and send
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y. The regular 50-
-cent and $1 sizes are sold by all first-
class druggists. ■
"NOTICE !
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. ?
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, 1899.
In accordance with the provisions .of Section
S6«B of the Political Code, notice la hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate. Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1899,
to-wit: . > ■ : • -•"
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern ! Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacific ~ Railway
, Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-California-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company,
Gualala River Railroad Company, ' California
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway
Company, San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount ' thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday in April next, at
| 6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
! be added to the amount thereof.
I The remaining one-half of State and county
i taxes on all real property will he due and
j payable after the first Monday In January
j next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
; day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., and
j unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
j Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will be added
j to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
i .
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE '
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commission of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner, -Ml
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash .$1,000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $450,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
! Bonds owned by Company 2,295,064 00
! Cash in Company's Office 53,374 90
1 Cash In Banks 48.803 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18,062 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
I and Mortgages 29 16
; Premiums In due Course of Collection 161,507 0)
Rents due and accrued 485 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.... 213 53
Total Assets .$3,035.140 62
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $55,854 69
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 69,166 19
Losses resisted, including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,011,526 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent 605,763 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,192,-
-662 31; reinsurance pro rata.... 628,349 82
Reinsurance premiums 11.372 62
Total Liabilities $1,329,429 19
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,449,476 69
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 431 85
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 94.80S 19
Received for Rents /..-., 25.389 70
Received for profit on sale of securi- ;
ties „ 23.571 25
Total Income .$1.596.177 68
EXPENDTTURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $192,636 41, losses of pre- ■'• -
vious years) $933,516 58
Dividends to Stockholders 100 000 00
Paid or allowed , for Commission or '
Brokerage i ; 262 42153
Paid for Salaries, • Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc . 153 750 72
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • ; 60.30149
All other payments and expenditures 104,670 44
Total Expenditures .$1,604,660 74
• ~ .—
Fir-
Losses Incurred during the year ; $906,740 54
I Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ................... $157,146,439 $1,722, 202 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 155,003,964 1,755, 677 70
Net amount In force
December 31, IS9S j 200.075.765 2.204,188 64
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary. . ,- ;
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
2Sth day of January, 1599.
JOS. McCORD, Notary Public.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager,
Pacific Coast Department,
.... ..■,.'.■
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ,' v
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
greai Mexican remedy; gives health and
i atreneth to sexual organs. DeooL 322 MrrV^WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN PUTS HIMSELF ON RECORD
AS BEING AFTER OFFICE FOR THE MONEY THERE IS IN IT
oocooooocooooooooooooooocoooo
£ DENIES HE EVER MADE
0 SUCH A STATEMENT
00000000000000000000000000000
Democratic National
Leaders Get Into a
Row and Begin to
Tell the Truth About
One Another.
J. STERLING MORTON.
Julius Sterling Morton was secretary or Agriculture under the second
C\^\ [ministration- He moved from New York to Nebraska In the
middle fifties ac 1 beiran to farm. He was the originator of the annual
arbor day, Dow ohserved in Western prairie States. In In5S he was elected
Sreiftry at State. and. soon. af;er was Acting Governor of the Territory of
Nebraska. Later he became a member of the Legislature. He has been"
president <>f a number of farmers' associations and societies. He ha-* al
ways taken a rr-'mlient part in State politics and has cut a prominent fig-
urr» in the •■ mi [Is •■:' the Democratic party in the Middle West. He is cow
tried ' the gold standard wing- of the Democracy. His home is in
NEBRASKA CITY. Neb., Oct. 11. —In iPSo William Jennings
Br.—.n became a candidate for the position of secretary of the Rail
way Comm-ssion in Nebraska. The salary attached to that offi:e
was about Siooo per annum. Many of the political and personal
friends of Bryan were active and persistent in pushing the late
Presidential candidate, then in pin feathers, for the place. Among those
endeavoring to help Bryan was J. Sterling Morton, whose periodical, the
Conservative, will to-morrow reproduce in fac-simile a letter of Mr. Bryan
in which he aver? that he seeks that office for the money that is in it and
net for honor. The Conservative publishes this electrotyped epistle be
cause Colonel Bryan, whom the Conservative quoted literally, even to his
bad grammar, positively denied having ever said that he wanted any office
for the money that was in it. Thus Colonel Bryan, who considers himself
invincible in pence, if by resignation he does become vincible in war, made
an issue of veracity with the Conservative and Mr. Morton.
The question how is: Did Bryan tell the truth when he denied Mor
ton's declaration, or did he tell the truth when he wrote Morton the letter
in which he "ays:
"I ASSURE YOU THAT IT IS THE MONEY THA.T IS IN" THE
OFFICE AND NOT THE HONOR THAT ATTRACT ME"?
Besides publishing the sworn statement of Henry G. Smith as to what
Colonel Bryan said in denying the allegation and quotation ot the Con
servative, that journal contains the following telegram. This telegram is
one reason, with other details and denunciations, for publication of the
startling letter:
LINCOLN. Neb.. Sept. 26, iSoo.
THE CONSERVATIVE. NEBRASKA CITY. NEB.:
In an interview to-day \V. J. Bryan flatly denied that he had
ever said or intimated in any way that he desired omce for the
money there was in it. He said that anything J. Sterling Mor
ton might say in that connection was false.
F. A. HARRISON.
The Conservative illustrates the position of Colonel Bryan now when
he is confronted by his own letter and also the amazement of his follow
ers, when they see and read it. thus:
"It was at a baptizing in the rural district. The colored parson was
carefully feeling his way to firm rock bottom. He was in waist deep, when
suddenly he keeled over, floundered, sputtered, and then disappeared under
the water. But in a moment his horrified congregation on terra firma. saw
him hob up serenely and make desperately for shore. They dragged
him, dripping, up the bank, when he muttered in a weak voice, 'Fo' God, I
neve- knowed dey wuz alligators in dat millponV "
The African anecdote rom the Atlanta Constitution may be read for
consolation by some of the epithet^ among the editorial and ora
torical friends of Colonel Bryan after they have perused his fac-simile let
ter in the Conservative to-day. Before plunging with athletic fervor into
the deep denial of the utterances of_the Conservative as to what Colonel
Bryan had said when first asking office in his "Beginning here" for "the
money in it rather than the honor." these zealots did not know "the alli
gator" was laying for them "in dat millpon.' "
The Conservative further remarks under the head cf "Tin Soldiers":
"There are a number of colonels in Nebraska whose warless records, gun
less valor and battieless renown make them almost equal in military
achievement to Colonel William Tennings Bryan himself."
The colonels to whom the Conservative alludes have declared the
Conservative I liar because it had literally quoted a3 published an extract
from the pen of Colonel Bryan saying, without regard to grammar, "I
assure yon that it is the money that is in the office and not the honor that
attract me."
The Conservative also quotes the following from Bryan's letter accept
ing the ' Presidential nomination and compares it with the assertion in the
letter to J. Sterling Morton: "The people of this nation sitting in a high
court must render judgment in the cause which greed is prosecuting."
McA ULIPPE`S DEATH.
Joseph McAuliffe Tells the Coroner's
Jury What He Saw at the Time
of the Shooting.
Coroner Hill began yesterday an inquest
on the body of Frank McAuliffe. who was
«hot by Frank Mitchell, a grocer, last
Sunday night at the comer of Twenty
fourth and Alabama streets.
Reel B. Terry appeared for Mitchell,
and th* witnesses other than the one on
the stand were excluded at his request.
Joseph McAuliffe was the principal wit
ness. He swore that Mitchell said that
he (Joseph) owed him some money. The
witness called him a liar and Mitchell ran
back into the saloon, reappearing in a
short time with a revolver. Ha snapped
the weapon twice at the witness and then
shot rank McAuliffe In the breast.
Owtn.sr to the absence of Police Officer
Glllen the inquest was continued until to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Uniform Contracts Awarded.
At a meeting of the uniform board of
! the National Guard yesterday a contract
for trousers was awarded to the Pettibone
Bros. Company of Cincinnati. Ohio, at
$2 24 per pair, and another contract for
caps at 72 cents each was awarded to J.
M. Litchfield & Co. of this city. All the
bids for overcoats and blouses were re
jected, as In the opinion of the board the
samples were not up to the specifications.
New bids will be advertised for and will
be opened en the 25th Inst,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899.
"I assure you it is the money that is in the X
office and not the honor that attracts me." t
(Signed) W. J. BRYAN. +
FAC SIMILE OF THE DAMAGING LETTER.
♦ HON. J. STERLING MORTON. Nebraska City. Neb. ♦
7 DEAR FRIEND: Your kind letter to Mr. Lease was received and delivered. I think it was well received. •
♦The P. S. was judicious. I think. I am grateful to you for your indorsement. Had hesitated to write you because*
TI dislike soliciting aid. I assure you that it is the money that is in the office and not the honor that attract me. f
ilf successful in getting it, it will tide me over my beginning here. With regards to the ladies. I remain, yours very*
J truly, W. J. BRYAN. J
FAC SIMILE OF THE LETTER WRITTEN BY WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN TO J. STERLING MOR
TON. IN WHICH MR. BRYAN FRANKLY DECLARED THAT HE WANTED OFFICE FOR THE MONET
THERE WAS IN IT. IN HIS OWN WORDS TO MR. MORTON:
I assure you that it is the money that is in the office and not the honor that attract me.
LATER MR. BRYAN IN AN INTERVIEW WAS ASKED IF HE EVER STATED THAT HE WANTED
OFFICE FOR THE MONEY THERE WAS IN IT. HE DENIED POSITIVELY that he HAD EVER made
ANT such ASSERTION. THIS DAMAGING LETTER FROM THE PRESENT CANDIDATE FOR THE
DEMOCRATIC NOMINATION TO THE PRESIDENCY WAS WRITTEN IN junk, 1889, AT a TIME WHEN
mr. BRYAN was TRYING TO CAPTURE THE SECRETARYSHIP OF THE nebraska RAILWAY COM
MISSION.
AFFIDAVIT OF HENRY G. SMITH.
HENRY SMITH IS THE NEWSPAPER CORRESPONDENT WHO INTERVIEWED W. J. BRYAN ON THE
ASSERTION THAT HE WAS AFT:: OFFICE FOB THE MONEY THERE WAS IN IT.
FREE ART FRIDAYS
INSTEAD OF SUNDAYS
Change of Visiting Day at Mark
Hopkins Institute Owing to
the Sabbath Not Proving
Popular.
At a recent meeting of the board of di
rectors of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation it was decided to m.ike Friday the
day upon which the public will be ad
mitted to the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art free of charge instead of Sunday,
as heretofore. When Mr. Searles deeded
the institute to the regents of the uni
versity for the use of the art associa
tion it was his wish that one day In each
month should be free to the public, leav
ing It to the board of directors to de
termine the day. Friday, was chosen and
maintained for several years, but at the
suggestion of a prominent local organiza
tion some nine months ago It was changed
to Sunday with the idea that more peo
pie would be able to avail themselves of j
the privilege on that day. As a matter
of fact, however, the number of visitors
has never averaged as great during the
day, while in the evening It has decreased
to a point scarcely warranting the ex
pense of lighting and attendance.
Arrangements rave been made by the
board of directors of the art association
for having the pupils of the sculpture
class In the school of design instructed
in the methods of making casts. It is
the intention to give students of model
ing an insight into the practical part of
the business of the sculptor. A compe
tent instructor will be employed under
the superintendence of Professor Douglas
Tilden. who has charge of this depart
ment in the school.
The Bohemian Club has decided to fore
go it:- usual ill exhibition of pictures
this year out of deference to the inten
tion of the art association to open Its
new gallery with an exhibition of un
usual importance, a courtesy that is ap
preciated by the association. AH our art
ists both at home and abroad are hard at
work for this exhibition. Letters have
been received from Julian Rix. Emll Carl
sen, Breuer and many others, announcing
their Intention to exhibit, while Jules
Pases has already shipped his famous
prize picture of this year's salon-
REGISTER TO-DAY.
Books Will Be Closed at -Midnight
To-Night.
To-day is the last day of general regis- :
tration, and Registrar Steppacher be Is
sued warning to all intending voters that
unless they get on the books to-day their
last chance to cast a ballot at next
month's election will be gone. The Elec
tion Commissioners met yesterday morn
ing and outlined the ballot which is to be
used, assigning to their respective posi
tions on the ticket the offices that are to :
be filled at the election. Another batch
of election officers was selected, and th-?
preliminary work was brought that much
nearer completion.
In the Divorce Court.
Helen May Church has been granted a
i divorce from Joseph W. Church on the
j ground of desertion.
Mary A. Lawler was granted a divorce
, from Joseph B. Lawler yesterday on the
| ground of cruelty.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGOOO'SOOOOOOOCO
° HIS OWN SIGNATURE IS °
0 ON RECORD ACAINST HIM %
o© 000000000000000 00 0000000
The Call Captures the
Very Damaging Let
ter and Makes It
Public for the First
Time.
WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN.
COLONEL BRYAN Is the most conspicuous example in our history of
a man with no occupation but politics, with no estate nor invest
ments nor business except politics, making a living and perhaps a
fortune by being a standing candidate for the Presidency. He was
liberally educated, and had a thorough training for the bar. He prac
ticed law briefly in Jacksonville. 111., near the scene of his nativity and
his education, and there was involved In certain complications incident to
the practices rather than the practice of his profession, and soon withdrew,
retired and disappeared from that part of the country.
After an interregnum he appears in Lincoln, Nebr., as a member of a
law firm. In a field In which young men had succeeded and were suc
ceeding, in that profession, he made no progress. Poppleton. Manderson,
Meiklejohn, Lambertson and J. Sterling Morton had risen from the ranks,
as young attorneys, to first place in the law. McHugh. a man of Bryan's
age and contemporary with him in Nebraska, had read for his profession on
a "shoemaker's bench, and by sheer capacity and force of character took rank
bo high that Mr. Cleveland transferred him to the judicial bench as Fed
eral strict Judge. Others, all over Nebraska — at Lincoln, Hastings, Grand
Island "in the grow cities in the valley of the Blue River on the south
and In the valley of the Elkhorn on the north: at Columbus, North Platte,
Kearney and wherever the developed energies of that great State found
expression in a center of population, contemporary with Mr. Bryan, were
reaching prominence and fortune in the profession for which he was trained.
While ynuns men of his age, either immigrants or natives, were succeed
ing in Nebraska, as a generation before them had succeeded, the State was
sending out men produced on her soil to conquest fortune and win fame
rjeyoncfhfr borders. Conspicuous among these was Fred Lehman, now a
leader of the St. Louis bar, an orphan. left forlorn, raised as a cowboy and
«heepherder. whose horizon of promise was so narrow that his hands could
touch it. Tet he acquired for himself a fine academic training and a prep
aration for the bar which have made him one of its most honorable and
able members.
Immersed in this busy scene of Intellectual toll and mental activity Mr.
Bryan caught no inspiration from his surroundings. He had no push and
made no progress in his profession. To bench and jury he was a declaimer
merely, and lacked in that logical faculty of mind which, being the basis
of the power of statement, is the foundation of success. The things around
him made upon his mind precisely the impression that the text of a drama
makes uDon the mind of an actor. He trained his faculty of speech unem
barrassed by thought or ideas. He was in demand at church fairs to pre.
sent the ring cake that had been voted to the most beautiful young lady,
for the enrichment of the parish treasury. He welcomed the delegates of
the Fire Department to annual meetings and hailed oratorlcally the stated
assembly of the Grand Army. He and the brass band became inseparable
companions on those public occasions when busy people dropped their labor
for a day and sought social recreation.
The only red letter day in the calendar on which his voice was impossi
ble was circus day. The circus is an Institution so well established that
public opinion permits no rival, and when its spangled pleasures spread
under canvas Mr. Bryan had to see a crowd to which he could offer noth
ing, and it is remembered that on such days he seemed to be suffering the
agonies of undelivered speech.
In this condition of intellectual vagrancy, unfitted for the law and un
successful In Its practice through Incapacity to grasp its principles, with
no handicraft and giftless except a thespian memory and manner, he went
into politics as a profession. During his candidacy in IS9S it became pub
lic knowledge that his special train would not stop at a town until a sum
of money was guaranteed. He had become a show, and people were willing
to pay for him as a show, and his thespian instinct saw the opportunity to
gain pelf by taking advantage of the situation.
At last he was in a position where no circus could rival or shut him
up, and even the brass band had to pipe meekly in the presence of a greater
attraction.
When the fight of 159*5 was over there was no law practice to return to.
no calling, vocation nor bread-winning labor to which head or hand could
turn. He was the only public man who had reached prominence in all our
history who was absolutely without a calling or occupation by which to
support himself. So he took to the road again, gathering gate money as
he went. Public curiosity to see and hear him had not abated. He was
still the "boy orator" and "juvenile wonder." . ...; : :
In the three years since he ran for President he has addressed Chau
tauqua assemblies. State fairs, county fairs, conventions, meetings of all
kinds and for all purposes, and has done nothing else. He has taken no
fees as a lawyer, no salary as a journalist, no dividend as an investor, no
wages as a laborer. He is not classified and identified with any of the pro
ductive industries or gainful professions of the country.
Looking s)pon the singularly undignified spectacle presented by a Presi
dential candidate who lives on politics some months ago his fellow' v'ebras
kan. Hon. J. Sterling Morton of Nebraska City. ex-S> retary of Agricul
ture, a publicist of high standing and editor of the Conservative, a journal
of the highest thoughtful rank, declared that Bryan began his political ca
reer for the purpose of making a livelihood; that he never had any inten
tion of practicing a profession or sticking to any legitimate business, and
expected to make a living and perhaps a fortune out of politics. In fine,
the accusation was that he sought office for the money in it, and not for
the honor nor the opportunity of useful service, and used the notoriety of
having been a Presidential candidate as a means of making money.
This Bryan denied, declaring that he had never sought office for the
money in it. A reporter interviewed him and gave the result under oath
as we present it to-day. It Is evident from Bryan's anxiety to avoid pub
lication of his denial to the reporter that he flinched. He f^lt that in deal
ing with Mr. Morton he was in the hands of a man who never was known
to utter praise or blame that he could not substantiate with proof and rea
son. it-Jr';'-;/; :.ffi*£S ; I '.'TIK-fS-i :\ '-'■? :'MPP:\
His instincts were correct, for Immediately Morton produces the letter
from Bryan, of which The Call presents a fac simile to-day. It was writ
ten early in his Nebraska career, when he first turned to office as the means
Continued on Page Four.
34
ROLLED THROUGH
BLAZING BRUSH
Fire Fighter Has a Nar
row Escape.
4
HEMMED IN BY THE FLAMES
_ « — - — -
PAINFULLY BUT NOT SERI
OUSLY BURN
»
Forest Fires in the Santa Cruz
Mountains Effectually Checked
by the Tin.
Rainfall.
Special Dispatch to The 03i;.
MILL VALLEY. Oct. 11. -While fighting
the flames which were raging fiercely on
the summit of Corte Madera ridge last
night and threatening to sweep down
Baltimore Canyon and destroy the towns
of Corte Madera and Larkspur. Thomas
Kerrigan of San Rafael had one of the
narrowest escapes from an awful death
that ever fell to the lot of man. Kerri
gan was burned so severely about the feet
that he had to be taken -to his heme at
San Rafael and riacei under the care of
a physician. 'That he was not roa-ste-i
alive is solely due to his own personal
bravery, coolness and experience :n lire
'"Kerrigan, who has filled the position of
guard both at Fcisora and San Quenttaj
was on* of the twenty men sent from san
Rafael by Station Agent Doody totflght
th.- flame's when it was seen that Lark
spur and the famous Baltimore- Canyon j
were endangered. He was working alone
in the work of backfiring on the summit
of the ridge; his nearest companions be
ing 100 feet away, when a gust 01 wind
carried a sheet of flame about 5*3 feet in
b-ss than ten seconds. In a trice the trees
and brush were blazing fiercely a.! around
Kerrigan' »nd his escape looked hopeless.
Without losing any time he stuffed ins
handkerchief into his mouth to avoid in
haling the flames, and made a dash tor
life through the raging element. He had
cleared half the space with no injury
other than singeing his hair, eyebrows
and mustache, when his foot struck a
stone that rolled under him and threw
him headlong. Not waiting to regain his
feet for frar he would be suffocated. Ker
rigan ro!L*d over and over until he found
himself out of the tire 100 feet below. . His
I shoes were nearly burned off his feet and
his feet and legs badly cooked. While
the Injuries thus received, and the sore
ness resulting from jolting over busnes
and rocks will confine him to his bed for
a few days, the injured man is sanguine
that he wlil soon "be "as good as new."
Kerrigan relinquished his position at San
Quentin to serve as a volunteer in Com
pany D, and was recently mustered out
of service.
The fire was completely extinguished by
the torrent of rain which fell last night
for an hour and a half, and to-day the
atmosphere is clear, with a light wind
blowing. A conservative estimate places
the damage done by the fire at not more
than no.ooo, as it is claimed that the red
wood timber, which was supposed to have
been totally destroyed, will be freshand
green again next year, the bark being
too thick md moist to permit of permanent
injury by the fire. Contrary to the re
port published in two morning . papers
that a trestle of the Scenic Railway had
been burned. Manager Louis L. Janes as
serts that hardly any damage was done
to the road, and in proof of his assertion
points to the fact that this morning
trains ran up and down the mountain as
usual. The company was crowded to the
utmost in finding sufficient rolling stock
to accommodate the crowds that came
over from San Francisco to view the
havoc wrought by the fire, and many had
to wait in tewn until the afternoon trains
passed over the road.
Considerable damage was done personal
effects, furniture and other portable.' arti
cles by the rain, as the county road near
Alto station and Ccrte Madera' was lit
tered with household goods . for three
miles. Every one of these who removed
their effects in order to avoid their de
struction by the flames was at work to
day replacing them in the vacated cot
tages, and express men have had a "good
thing." All the cattle driven off the va
rious ranches were herded together and
driven back this morning.
The cost of procuring fire fighters will
aggregate $1200. The most of this expense
wiU be borne by the North Pacific Coast
Railway Company and the remainder by
individual property owners,
SAX JOSE. Oct. 11. -It is believed that
last night's rain, which was heavy in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, has put a* stop to
the forest firr-s which have been prevailing
to such an alarming extent. While only
indefinite reports have been received from
the mountains this morning, all tell of
heavy rain and the quenching of the fire.
Reports which were s*nt out Monday
night from f^nta Cruz saying that Hub
hard & Carmichael's mill had been
burned are, fortunately, erroneous. The
firm has headquarters here, and state
that hard work stopped the fire short of
their property, so they suffered no loss
Their reports this morning indicate that
the rain put out the fire. Xumerous resi
dences and barns have b*en burned and
orchards and vineyards swept by
the fire. The rain comes as a great boon
for the alarmed people, many of whom
have lost their all and have been forced
to flee for their lives.
The latest estimates low that about
twenty houses were destroyed, and during
the high gale some cattle were caught and
suffocated by fire and smoke. It is prob
ably a conservative estimate to place the
loss at $200,000; with small insurance. This
does not cover the loss of timber, for no
one knows yet what this may be. As a
rule, it is believed that the fire" was fought
back from the redwood forest.
Before the rain came up last night a
terrible- fire was raging along Bear Creek
and near Loma Prieta. Reports this
morning tell of heavy rains last night at
both points. A message from Wrights
rays all the fire is out in Austin Gulch
find that there is little left at Loma
3'rieta. The largest scope of eountrv ever
swept over since this section was settled
is now black and desolate as a result of
the fire. Xo man can estimate what the
£jQ^Aj ONCE MORE TO THE FRONT! m foR
0/I| O UnuL IViUKt IUI Mt rrIUFN 1 I 11/1 vA°ok I
\ I To give unusual emphasis to this series of announcements we begin by offering MOTHERS OF A|-l] Wf lI^J
« CASSIMERE 3-PIECE (VESTEE REEFER SUITS, at half retail value, 5/.50. F\P>^ ((l^^^^S
§^L Instead oi Because we want you to see our magnificent stock of boys' clothing— and what low prices we ask Retail va'ue H»BK 'In ° jSSSSBti
W^^^>, /Ss^llSlPlS * for r ' rst - ciass goods. And because we believe you will tell your men folks to see our suits and overcoats 18^^^^ I' °^/^^^^^
ml // /Jm. NO /nM,L - ORDERS AGCERXED. Vjj| ■/ AM
widfl *'*?«j£s'£:--^ ■ « c ~ s^l WNii dl !■ I^~~" MI^WBBBITWBBST*^WpTr Hi
MISS SNYDER BECOMES
A SOLDIER'S BRIDE
LIEUTENANT AND MRS. F. W. R. WINHAM.
SALINAS. Oct. 11.— One of the most notable society events as -well as pretty
weddings ever occurring In this city was the marriage of Miss Florence
Snyder to Lieutenant F. \V. R. Winham this morning at the home of the
bride's sister. Mrs. Harry 'Winham, on Capitol street. The parlors of the im
posing residence were gorgeously festooned with ferns and ivy, as well as
artistically decorated with potted plants and cut flowers.
The bride and groom stood under, a bower of roses, and Rev. Mr. Armstrong
of San Francisco officiated. After the nuptial knot was tied at 9:30 o'clock all
guests partook of a sumptuous wedding breakfast. Mr. and Mrs. Winham left
on the noon train for an extended trip through California, after which they will
return to this city to reside permanently.
Miss Florence Snyder is the daughter of one of Monterey County's oldest and
most prominent families. She is a native daughter of California, but comes from
most aristocratic New England States parentage F. W. R. Winham is an army
officer, and is at present first lieutenant of Troop C. First California Cavalry.
He Is the son of the late W. P. 1... Win ham. a pioneer of this State, having
crossed the plains in 1553. Lieutenant Winham is most popular 'and Is a very
I ■
On the return of the newly married couple they will be tendered a royal re-
rain has saved, for no one can tell where
the fire would have stopped. . «
There is still some hay out in this val
ley and a good many grapes and a small
amount of fruit. So far he rain has not
been sufficiently heavy to do great dam
age.
TAKES CHARGE OF JEFFERIES
'Tommy*' Ryan Arrives at the Cham
pion's Training Quarters.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— "Tommy" Ryan,
vho has been engaged to box with James
'. Jeffries during the latter's preparation
or his fight with "Tom" Sharkey for the
leavy-weight championship, arrived at
he Californian's training quarters at As
iurv Park to-day. Ryan eyed the cham
>lon critically and expressed himself as
»lea*ed with Jeff: condition. Ryan
r.d Jeffries will settle down to hard work
o-morrow.
The Californian's exercise to-day con
isted fa long row on Deal Lake.
Sharker got in some hard practice licks
it Staten Island to-day. He took a five
nile walk and had a ten-round sparring
■out with Bob Armstrong. The sailor
ays he does not fear any new boxing
crinkles Ryan may teach Jeffries.
"Wh'-n Jeffries and I enter the ring."
aid Shaikev. "the ropes will divide the
hampion and his sparring partner. Jef
ries will then have to depend entirely on
:is own brain and effort to win. so that
nvthing Rvan may tell him will not help
,im much."
POOR SPORT AT FRESNO.
The Day's Racing Was Spoiled by
the Heavy Rain.
FRESNO. Oct. 11.— Owing to the rain
the races did not amount to much. The
most amusing feature was the gentle
man* rare in mud between local horses.
The five-eighths of a mile handicap was
won by Senator Wilson. Castellar second.
Jim" Bfownell third. Time, 1:03. The four
and a half furlongs were won by St<^l
Diamond. Fedalia second, Cowboy third.
Time, :L7V2.
Two Mile Record Lowered.
BROCKTON. Mass., Oct. 11.— Eddie Mc-
Duff.c went after the two-mile record here
to-day and cut four seconds off the record
he made yesterday for the same distance.
His fir X t mile was made in 1:28 3-5 and
the second in 1:23 2-5. Th* first quarter
was made In :23 and the half was covered
in :45 2-5. Two of the quarters of the
second were done in close to 21 seconds.
The two miles were ridden in 2:54, the
previous record of 2:5S having also been
made by McDuffie.
Chovnski Refuses to Fight
LOUISVILLE. Kv.. Oct. 11.— Joe Choyn
! ski and Steve O'Donnell were billed for
I a twenty-round bout before the Monarch
! Athletic Club -night, but Choynski re
! fused to go on because of the small re
i ceipts. The bouts between local fighters
; were given, but the crowd was badly ''.Ji
| appointed.
Gans Gets the Decision.
BALTIMORE, Oct 11.— Joe Gans got
the decision over Martin Judge of Phila
delphia in a hot twenty-round bout at
the Eureka Athletic Club to-night.
Fire at Perris.
RIVERSIDE. Oct. 11.— Perris, sixteen
miles cast of this city, was visited by a
disastrous fire early this morning. J. W.
Xance's block was totally destroyed. The
Parker Hall building was also burned.
The causa of the fire is unknown; loss.
$5000.
Train Derailed.
SAXTA ANA, Oct. 11.— The southbound
Santa Fe Passenger train was derailed
his evening south of Anaheim. Nobody
;vas seriously injured. The train arrived
wn hours late.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1599.
DEEPENING THE
ALVISO SLOUGH
Full Appropriation May
Be Expended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Oct, 11.— The business men
of San Jose and Santa Clara County are
deeply interested in the dredging and im
provements to be made by the Govern
ment at Alviso Slough and have appointed
a committee to watch the work and se
cure all possible good that can be had
out of the $18,000 appropriation made by
Congress for the work. The contract for
the improvement has been awarded to J
T. McCann for $12,600. This will leave
over $30,000 of the appropriation unused,
and an effort will be made to have the
Secretary of War. who has charge of the
matter, expend the balance in the work.
When the McCann contract is completed
there will be seven feet of water at the
lowest tide in Alviso Slough, and if the
other S3'i,OjO were expended the harbor
would be an excellent one and could ac
commodate the largest coastwise vessels.
At a meeting of prominent citizens at
the Board of Trade rooms last evening
the following resolutions were adopted:
McKENZIE`S TRIAL
Day Taken Up With Arguments on
Both Sides.
SUISTJN, Oct. 11.— Attorney John A.
Hosmer opened the argument for the
prosecution in the McKenzie case this
morning. He first explained his connec
tion with the case and touched on the
matter of personal feeling intimated by
the defense against District Attorney
Bell. Hosmer then began a minute dis
cussion of the evidence with an admo
nition to the jury to be extremely mindful
of tails.
He was followed by Attorney George
A. Lamont for the defense. Lamont se
verely criticized District Attorney Bell.
He contended that the prosecution bad
failed to establish the guilt of the de
fendant, and that Walters had shot Cook
.in self-defense. Lamont will conclude his
address to-morrow morning, and will be
followed by Grove L. Johnson, after
which District Attorney Bell will close
the argument for the prosecution. The
case will probably be submitted to the
jury to-morrow afternoon.
McKINLEY TALKS
TO OLD SOLDIERS
Attends the Evansviile
Reunion.
GIVEN A SPLENDiD OVATION
•—
--FRIENDLY TIES OE NORTH AND
SOUTH.
*
President Speaks of the Reconcilia
tion of Blue and Gray Effected
by the Recent Conflict
With Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EVANSYILLE. tad., Oct. 11.— President
MeKinley and his Cabinet came from
Chicago this morning to attend the na
tional reunion of the Blue and the Gray.
A heavy rain was falling, but. despite
this, 10,000 veterans and visitors thronged
about the railroad station, and the vet
erans in gray vied with the veterans in
blue in tendering a tremendous ovation
when the Presidential party arrived. The
party was at once escorted to the fair
grounds.
Mayor William M. Akin sided, and
C. A. de Bruler of Evansvilie welcomed
the distinguished guests nd veterans to
the city. Governor J. A. Mount followed
with an address of welcome on behalf of
the State and introduced President Me-
Kinley. The President said:
ify Fellow Citizens: It gives me very great
pleasure to participate with -you, men of the
North and men of the South, in this glad re
union of hearts. We are already unified. The
peace which Grant and Lee made at Appomat
tox has been kept by law and restraint, and,
we believe, fraternal regard. The talon to
day rests not en force which may fail, but
rests in the hearts of the people— that Union
can never be severed.
I' I have been permitted in the slightest de
gree to help in the work of reconciliation and
unification. I will tsteem it the greatest honor
of my life. When I made the call for troops
to prosecute the Spanish war men of the
North and the South, without regard to polit
ical belief or religious creed, rallied to the
standard of the Union. The best of the South
came — the son 3of old Confederate soldiers. The
best men of the North came — the sons of the
old members of the Grand Army of the Re
public. All came together in -heart and hand
to follow the flag of their country wherever,
it might lead. We have been reconciled— more
than reconciled— for our reconciliation has been
baptized in the best blood of both sections of
our beloved country. If a Northern soldier put
the flag up at Santiago, a Sosthern soldier, the
gallant Brumby of Georgia, put it up over
Manila. It rests with us to look to the future.
putting the past behind. And this Government
relies upon the patriotism of the country.
North and South, to stand by the purposes of
the Government and follow in the pathway of
its destiny.
We come together not as we came a third of
a century ago, it), arms in our hands, but
we come with love for each other in our hearts.
Attorney-General Grigs-?, Secretary-
Gage and Secretary Long also spoke
briefly. The Presidential party departed
at noon for the north.
At Vincennes the President was greeted
by another crowd. He spoke as follows:
I thank you for this most warm and generous
welcome. We ought to be a very happy peo
ple. We are a very happy people. The bless
ings which have been showered upon us have
been almost boundless, and no nation In the
world has more to be thankful for than ours.
We have been blessed with good crops and
fair prices. Wages and employment have wait
ed upon labor and. differing from what it was
a few rears ago, labor is not ting on the
outside for wages. Our financial condition was
never better than now. We have' good money
and plenty of it circulating as our medium of
exchange. Banks may fail, fluctuation in'
prices come and go. but the money of the
country remains always good, and when you
have a dollar of It you knew that dollar is
worth one hundred cents, because back of it
is the Government of the United States.
Not only have we prosperity, but we have
tism— and what more do we want? We
are at peace with all nations of the world and
were never on better terms and closer rela
tions with each and every one of them than
we are to-day. We have a little trouble in the
Philippines, but the gallantry of the brave
boys who have gone there will. I trust, soon
put down that rebellion against the sover
eignty of the United States.
CHICAGO Oct, 11.— The special train
bearing the Presidential party arrived in
Chicago this evening from Evansvilie,
lnd., and was at once started on the jour
ney north. St. Paul will be reached at
9 o'clock to-morrow morning. The day
and evening will be spent at Minneapolis
and St. Paul, and at midnight the de
parture will be made for Duluth.
The weather has continued wet and
gloomy throughout the day. The rain
detracted in some degree from the enjoy
ment of the exercises of the Blue and
Gray reunion at Evansvilie, in which the
President and the members of the Cabinet
participated, but nothing could altogether
dampen the ardor of the throng which
had gathered to greet the chief magis
trate. At every station between Evans
ville and Chicago the crowds were large
and enthusiastic, and at most of them
the President made brief remarks.
Among the first to greet the President at
Terre Haute was the venerable Richard
W. Thompson. Secretary of the Navy in
the Cabinet of President Hayes, and now
nearly M years of age. At Terre Haute
President McKinley made a brief talk,
referring particularly to the improved
conditions of the workingmen whom he
saw everywhere about him. Secretaries
Long. Gage. Hitchcock and Wilson and
Attorney General Griggs also .spoke at
Tern Haute, and in all of the speeches
there was much of a partisan nature.
At Danville, 111., the President was in
troduced to an enthusiastic crowd by
Congressman Joseph G. Cannon. In the
course of a speech there the President
said:
We are collecting Just now $1,000,000 for every
working day of the month on our internal reve
nue taxes and you don't seem to l*- very much
oppressed here on that account. We are col
lecting about $650,000 every working day of
every month from the tariff that we put on
foreign products that come into the United
State* from other countries and that does not
re°m to Eire you any serious trouble here.
(Laughter.) That vast, amount of money re
ceived Into 'he treasury daily from internal
taxes and customs tariffs meets the ordinary
expenses of the Government, and Just now a
part of it is used to pay the soldiers and sailors
who are engaged in the distant Islands sup
pressing rebellion against the sovereignty of
PORTION OF BUTTE IS
SLIDING DOWN HILL
Large Buildings Are Cracked From Top
to Bottom and Mining Experts
Have Been Summoned.
BUTTE, Mont. Oct. 11.— A big portion of the city of Butte, which is built on
the side of a hill, is sliding down grade. Evidence of it has become apparent
during the past week and has alarmed the residents west of the central part
of the city. A little over a week ago the first evidence of a general slide
down hill was noticeable when the heavy inside brick walls of the county
courthouse fissured from the top to the bottom. The cracks have been grow
ing larger since. At the same time the handsome residence of United States
Senator W. A. Clark, a few blocks west of the courthouse, began to crack in
the middle from the roof to the ground and clear through from the east to
the west side, the crack at the foundation being over an inch wide.
The splendid edifice of the First Presbyterian Church and numerous resi
dences south and west of the courthouse have suffered similarly by the
southerly slide. Mining experts and geologists have been called to examine
the phenomenon and give it as their opinion that it is due to a cleavage In the
earth and that the buildings damaged are located exactly on the line of
separation.
thp United States, and you can be assured that
not a dollar of it will go out except for honeEt
purposes while your distinguished representa
tive presides over the Committee of Appro
priations of Congress.
At Hopston, 111., President McKinley
said:
We have seen a great man people to-day;
we have been greeted by many, many thou
sands of our fellow citizens. From the appear
ance and cheerfulness of the people it has
seemed to me that all things must be going
fair.v well with you: that you have employ
ment at fair wages; that you have good crops
at fair prices, and that your great industry
here that of canning, is in e-very respect most
satisfactory and successful. I congratulate
you that you are now using American tin. for
that is now one of the great enterprises of the
country. (Great" applause.)
Referring here to the hostilities in the
Philippines the President said:
In our recent war with Spain not only your
State, but every State of the Union. North and
South, rushed forward by the hundreds of
thousands to serve their country, and they will
not abate their patriotism until every rebellion
everywhere and by whomsoever conducted shall
be put down. I? that what you want, men of
Illinois? (General cry of "Tea.") . That Is
what is being done and what will be done.
The last speech of the day was made at
Watseka. 111., where the President ad
dressed a large assemblage. Chicago was
reached at 9 p. m.
TWO AMERICAN
OFFICERS KILLED
Skirmishes With Rebels
Near Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAXILA, Oct. 11.— General Schwa
column, having accomplished its purpose
of punishing the rebels, is returning from
San Francisco de Malabon, with artillery
and the transportation service. The Thir
teenth Infantry lost two officers— Captain
Marion B. Saffold and Captain Wood
bridge Geary, both battalion com
manders.
During the early morning hours to-day
there was some firing near Angeles, with
the result that eight Americans were
slightly wounded. Artillery was used and
the enemy responded. General Mac-
Arthur does not attach special sig
nificance to the incident.
A small party of Americans was fired
upon by the Filipinos near Maraguyan,
two of our men being wounded.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— A cablegram
from General Otis to the War Depart
ment, received late this afternoon, con
firms the press dispatches regarding
Colonel Schwan's movement on San Fran
cisco de Malabon. General Otis says:
"Schwan succeeded yesterday in driv
ing insurgents south with loss from San
Francisco de Malabon. He reports their
forces disintegrated and retiring on di
vergent roads, which are impassable for
artillery or wagons. There is no inten
tion of occupying this country, perma
nently or temporarily. The transporta
tion will return by way of Rosario and
the column will move in the direction of
Dos Marinas, probably retiring on Imus.
The country is of no strategic impor-
Another message announced the ar
rival at Manila of the transport Victoria
with 403 horses. Ten died en route and
several affected with glanders were shot.
The Garonne sailed on the 7th inst. and
the Athenian on the 9th, both for
Seattle.
Automatic Track Sprinkling.
MONTEREY. Oct. 11.— The Southern
Pacific Railroad Company has instituted
a new system of track sprinkling between
this place and Castro A tank of pe
troleum is attached to a flat car and so
arranged that as it passes over the track
a snrav of oil is forced upon the roadbed
on each side of the rails, with the result
of effectually laying the dust. This oper
ation will be repeated every five days
and will make travel over this portion of
the road much more comfortable than
formerly.
Mormons Locate in Mexico.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, Oct. 11.— Three
hundred Mormon families have arrived
in the State of Sonora from Utah and
located on land granted them under a con
cession from the Mexican Government.
The colony has been named Colonia
Oaxaca. - Two hundred more families will
he brought from Utah before the first of
next year.
WRIGHT SUES
FOR A DIVORCE
Scandal in San Jose
Society Circies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Oct. 11.— For the past few
weeks society gossips have been whisper
ing of trouble in the domestic life of
Attorney C. D. Wright and his wife. It
has now leaked out that a divorce suit
was filed September 18, but the matter
has been closely guarded. The Wrights
have always moved in the upper ten of
society, and Mrs. C. D. Wright was. al
ways a leader in social affairs.
The complaint in the divorce proceed
ings Charges Mrs. Wright with being un
faithful to her husband, and several in
stances of this alleged infelicity are cited.
L. J. Ordway, a banjo player, who came
here several years ago from Honolulu, is
named a,s co-respondent.
Professor Ordway built up large music
classes here and socletv lionized him. He
boarded with the Wrights, and Mrs.
Wright was in his. company a great deal.
It is said that Wright finally ordered
Ordway from his home. A %-ear ago he
returned to Honolulu.
A brother of the musician, George H.
Ordway, made several trips here and be
came acquainted with Virginia McAran,
daughter of Mrs. Wright by her first hus
band. An engagement followed and last
May Miss McAran. accompanied by her
mother, went to Honolulu, where" Miss
McAran and Ordway were married. Mrs,
Wright remained in the islands until
about a month ago. Wright became sus
picious of his wife and had her watched
In Honolulu, with tne result that he ob
tained sufficient evidence of her and U.
J. Ord way's actions to warrant a suit for
divorce.
When Mrs. Wright returned her hus
band refused to have anything to do with
her. It is said she is now in San Fran
cisco, where she has secured attomevs
and will fight the divorce.
Mrs. Wright is a member of the old
Murphy family and was Moliie Murphy,
daughter of John M. Murphy. She mar
ried Thomas McAran, by whom she had
two children, Virginia and Thomas Mc-
Aran. She obtained a divorce from Mc-
Aran and twelve years ago married
Wright, who was then a widower with
one daughter. . j, ;~- '
Croker Triumphs Over Hill.
XEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The State Demo
cratic Committee meeting to-night was
controlled by Richard Croker, and ex-
Senator David B. Hill was turned down.
A Bryan resolution was adopted, seconded
by Croker and opposed by Hill.
A. B. Rich Dead.
PHOEXIX. Ariz.. Oct. 11.— A. B. Rich
of Los Angeles died suddenly in this city
last night of heart disease. He was con
nected with the Los Angeles Times and
recently issued a publication called "Ari
zona's Resources."
BRYAN'S DAMAGING LETTER
TO J. STERLING MORTON
Continued from Third Page.
of a livelihood. Morton had supposed his aspirations to be legitimate and
had befriended them.
In response to this encouragement Bryan wrote this remarkable letter,
in which he assured Mr. Morton that he wanted office for the money, and
not for the honor that was in it.
. That letter is the prospectus of his subsequent career, the preface to his
history.
It makes luminous that part of his character which has been ambushed
behind professions of regard for public interests.
It fits exactly into the mercenary attitude he has held since his candi
dacy in 1896.
It explains that phase in his career that displayed him in this State
loudly declaiming against the Southern Pacific Railroad while riding on its
pass free on all its trains, to fairs and Chautauquas, where he took most of
the gate money.
The purpose of his office seeking, avowed in that letter, has strength
ened with the success attending Its execution. He began with the hope of
getting money out of an office; he has learned how to coin candidacy for
office into money and how to sell his presence at a price.
This is now his only gainful occupation, and with this revelation it ap
pears as the deliberate purpose formed ten years ago.
NO QUARTER FOR
INDIAN REBELS
Mexican Troops Will Not
Take Prisoners.
— : ♦ ■
REINFORCEMENTS ARE SENT
*
DECISIVE CAMPAIGN TO BE AT
ONCE COMMENCED.
♦
Report That Arms Have Been Sent
From San Francisco to the
Yaquis Brings on an
Investigation.
Special Dlsr«tch to The Call.
/AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 11.— A dispatch
from Chihuahua, Mexico, says that Col
onel Antonio Ramos Cadena and Lieuten
ant Colonel Hauro Candano of the Mexi
can awny have arrived there: e»n their way
to take command of reinforcements that
are now being sent against the Yaqui
Indians. The two officers will join the
Mexican troops near Potamtt They say
the "War Department has issued orders
for the Immediate commencement***! a
decisive campaign against th* Indians,
and from now on there will be: no tem
porizing with the stubborn rebels.
About two weeks ago Genera! Torres
notified the warring members of the tribe
that a full and unconditional pardon
would be granted to all who surrendered
and laid down their arms within ten days.
This pardon embraced a restoration to
each Indian of his pro rata of land granted
the members of the tribe two years ago.
Thre were less than one hundred re
sponses to this notice and those who sur
rendered are nearly all old men who could
not stand the hardships of the severe
campaign that is before the rebels. It is
reliably reported the Mexican troops have:
received instructions from General Torre.;
to take no prisoners, and that it is to b-i
a war of extermination.
President Diaz has instructed the Mex.
can Consul at San Francisco to investi
gate the report that the Yaquis have an
asrent in that city and that arms ami
ammunition for the rebel? are being sen::
from there by boat into the Yaqui country
by way of the Yaqui River. It Is certain
the Indians have recently come into pos
session of a hie: lot of Mauser rifles, and
It is known the guns were not purchased
in Mexico. It is hinted a large mining
company now operating in the Yaqui
country undisturbed, although the war
ring Indians are all around them, has
had something to do with supplying the
Indians with arms and other supplies and
that they came consigned to them as
mining machinery. The officers of this
company reside in San Francisco.
LOUISIANA PLANTER
KILLED BY A MOB
Judge Basil La Place Murdered on
His Premises Near New
Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. Judge Basil
La Place, a prominent planter and a
member of the State Senate, was killed
on his plantation, twenty miles irom here.
by a masked mob last night. Judge
La Place's relatives aver that the killing
was political. Another story is that a
young woman was involved.
NAVAL OFFICERS PROMOTED.
Advanced by the Retirement of Rear
Admiral Howison.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The retire
ment of Rear Admiral Henry L. Howi
son has resulted in the promotion of the
following named officers: Captain A. 8.
Barker, commandant of the Norfolk
Navy Yard, to be rear admiral; Comman
der "Edward P. Strong; -..-> be _ captain:
Lieutenant Commander J. B. Brig to be
commander; Lieutenant R. T. Mulligan
to be lieutenant commander; Lieutenant
(junior grade) J. H. Rowan to be lieuten
ant.
Admiral Howison stood Xo. 3 in the list
of rear admirals. His retirement ad
vances Rear Admiral Schley from Xo. 9
to Xo. S and Rear Admiral Sampson from
No. 11 to Xo. 10, placing the latter at the
head of the list of junior rear admirals.
Dangerously 111.
WOODLAXD. Oct. -I.— Nelson, a pio
neer and one of the most prominent resi
dents of Yolo County, is reported to be
dangerously ill.TREACHEROUS TRIBES
TAUGHT A LESSON
British and French Warships Fire Upon
and Destroy Villages in the New
Hebrides,
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 11.— According to advices received in letters
which have reached here from the New Hebrides, two men-of-war—
one British and one French— actling in concert, have been suppressing
bands of brigands which have been robbing and looting the native villages,
and in many cases the stores of the traders In the Southern Pacific archi
pelago.
A landing party, composed of men from either vessel pursued the pi
rates from point to point until they made a last stand at the top of a small
tableland, whore they had thrown up earthworks and constructed a fort.
This stand was of brief duration, for after firing a few desultory shots they
took to the jungle. Their camp was burned.
At Segon a band of escaped convicts from the French prison at New
Caledonia; who. since they escaped in a stolen schooner five months ago,
had been robbing and raiding, were annihilated and their camp destroyed.
They were slain to a man by the men-of-warsmen. Their number was not
learned, but it is said to have been about twelve or fifteen.
At Lepers Island, where the Governor was killed some time ago, the
two ships fired upon and destroyed the native villages, nothing being left
after they steamed away but a few smoldering thatches.
On one island was a camp of "beachcombers*' and white sailors of dif
ferent nationalities, the refuse of the various ports in the Southern Seas.
These men had carried away a number of native women from one of the
island villages. In revenge the natives seized a number of missionaries,
seven in all. five Catholics and two Protestants. The majority of the mis
sionaries were easily captured, but one made a vigorous fight and shot one
• f the natives. Preparations had been made for the killing and eating of
the missionaries when the warships opportunely arrived and rescued
them.
RAIN FALLS IN MANY
SECTIONS OF THE STATE
Unharvested Crops and Grapes Are In
jured, but Forest Fires Have
Been Subdued.
■ r.air. r.as la^.en in rna.u> scwuui.a »•. >
♦- the storms will continue. In some pla<
* the crops have not all been harvested,
** In the mountains, where fires have
"*" the benefit of the storm is almost incal
"*" range were rapidly spreading despite
Mill' Valley also thousands of dollars
"*" P isture lands everywhere have been gr
§SAN JOSE. Oct. U.-Twelve hundredths
of an inch of rain fell here up to S
o'clock this morning. There has been a
slight shower since and the sky is still
threatening. The first rain last season
fell on September 2o and 2b.
CAYUCOS, Oct. 11.— The first rain of the
season, amounting to six hundredths of
an inch, fell tins morning. Less than half
of the heaviest grain crop ever harvested
here has been shipped. It is thought that
little damage will result to that still In
the field. The skies are clear to-night.
VISALLA, Oct. 11.— Rain has been fall
ing nearly ail day. All the prunes have
been harvested save about 30,000 trays.
These were stacked last night- No dam
age resulted to any fruit except the raisin
grapes and only a few of these are grown
in the northern part of the county.
AUBURN. Oct. 11.— Auburn was -visited
by a hailstorm this afternoon, followed
by showers. Snow fell In the mountains. -
"PLEASANTON, Oct. 11.— The first rain
of the season began falling here shortly
after midnight. Rain just now will do
more harm than good, as thousands of
tons of hay are still in the fields and not
half the grapes picked.
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 11.— A heavy
rain began to fall about midnight and at
cne time appeared like a cioudourst over
the city. About half an inch of rain fell,
but no great injury will be done, as hay,
bops ana other crops have been cared for. |
B-ans in some cases will be damaged. j
MONTEREY; Oct. 11.— The first ram of
the season began falling at 1 a. m. to
day, continuing in short, heavy showers
until noon. The immediate and especial
benefit derived will be the extermination
of the forest fires which have been burn- |
Ing in the neighboring mountains for the j
past few days.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 11.-A heavy rain
ts falling this evening. The weather is
cold. Th* grape crop will be damaged.
SAN MIGUEL. Oct. 11.— The first rain of
the season fell last night. The precipita
tion amounted to .13 of an inch. The wind i
is in the right direction, from the south- |
west, for a continuance of the storm.
Much grain will be damaged, as large
quantities of wheat have not yet been
thrashed, owing to the delay in getting
machines here to do the work.
HUENEME, Oct. IL— A very heavy and
unexpected downpour, amounting to .62 of
an inch, occurred in this section this
morning, damaging the unharvested bean
crop.
PLACERVILLE. Oct. 11.-The first rain
of the season commenced falling here at
1:30 this morning. Thirty-hundredths of i
an inch fell to-day. and the storm still
continues. Five inches of snow has fallen |
a few miles east of this city.
SALINAS, Oct. 11.— Rain began falling
here early this morning, and for about
twenty minutes there was a perfect down
pour. 'It is feared that much unthrashed j
grain will suffer.
GILROY, Oct. 11.— The first rain of the
season fell early this morning, measuring [
a half inch. No damage is reported as a
result of the, rain.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. IL— began
showering at about 9 o'clock this morn
ing and continued on and off for five
hours. Precipitation, M of an inch.
PASADENA. Oct. 11.— A welcome rain
fell last night and to-day. The prospects
are for more. Half an inch fell to-day.
MILTON. Oct. 11.— The first rain of the
season fell last night in this section. The j
fjrecipitatlon was .10 of an inch. It will do
Ittle or no damage except to discommode )
raisin growers, who are not quite through j
■with their work.
MARTSVILLE. Oct. U.— The first rain I
of the season visited this section last j
night and to-day, but as the precipitation I
was light it was of little consequence.
Smi^k'TftV Clr* 11 — Tho first rain of :
j Big Panoche j
OIL
l COMPANY.
Shares $1.80
J :■ .-. ..l. s 'i i.';
; Until rig is on the ground; price ;
\ then advances to $3. I
[ > !
J PROSPECTUS FRI E
J
j
411, 412, 413, 414 ADAMS BUILDISB. |
206 Kearny Street, j
I SAN FRANCISCO. 1
he State, and the indications are that #
res it was anything but welcome, as ■*■
and much grain is still unthrashed. "♦"
been raging for the past few weeks.
:ulabie. Fires in the Santa Cruz a.
all efforts to hold them in check. In +.
were saved by a timely shower. +
eatiy benefited. *.
the season fell shortly after noon to-day.
It was accompanied by thunder and light
ning. Table grapes were damaged some
what by the cracking of the skin.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 11.— A gentle rain
fell here at noon. A good rainfall is
greatly needed. Sources of water supply
for irrigation and domestic use have suf
fered greatly from the long dry spell.
CHICO. Oct. 11.— The first shower of the
season fell here last night. The precipi
tation was about .13 of an inch.
CHAVARRIA WILL BE
RETURNED TO MEXICO
Governor of Texas Grants an Extra
dition for the Notorious
Murderer.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 11.— Joaquin Du
ran. Superintendent of the penitentiary
if the State of Coahuiia, Mexico, at Sal
tillo, was here to-day and obtained an
extradition from Governor Sayers for the
return to Mexico of a notorious murderer
named Matias Chavarria, who is In cus
tody at San Antonio.
Chavarria killed an aged Mexican at
Saltiiio several weeks ago and was sen
tenced to be shot for the crime. While in
prison at Saltiiio awaiting the death" pen
alty he escaped and made his way to San
Antonio. He was discovered and arrest
ed and his extradition arranged about
three weeks ago. He again escaped
from the officers while being taken to
Saitlllo. He went to his former home and
murdered his wife in cold blood and then
crossed the Rio Grande and again located
in San Antonio-
He was arrested there a few days ago
and will to-morrow be taken back to
Saltiiio and shot. He has wealthy and
influential friends in Mexico, who are al
leged to have aided him in his two es
capes.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
WASHINGTON, Oct. IL— Navy De
partment will open bids for general sup
plies for Mare Island navy-yard on Octo
ber 17.
The Secretary" of the Interior has ap
pointed Joseph S. Hill of San Francisco
engineer for the general Postoffice build
ing at (1400 per annum.
John H. Simpson of San Francisco has
been promoted as clerk in the Land Of
nce, from $1000 to $11*00.
J. B. Perk, b was .-day appointed post
master at Sprlngville. Ventura County,
vice John L Sebastian, resigned.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War the following-named offi
cers are released from recruiting duty, to
take effect October 15, and will then pro
ceed to - in Francisco for assignment to
duty: Captain John Newton, Sixteenth
United States Infantry'; Captain William
C Bennett. Sixteenth United State- In
fantry; Major George W. Ruthers, com
missary subsistence.
Captain Dana R. Weller, Forty-fourth
Infantry, is relieved from duty at the
Presidio of San Francis.- and will pro
ceed to Fort Leavenworth. Kans.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William E.
Stemen will proceed from Kansas City to
aar. Francisco.
Recruit Harry N. Emmert. Eighteenth
Infantry, supposed to be attached to bat
talion. Fortieth Infantry. Presidio of San
Francisco, will be discharged from the
service.
Chief Musician Emit Reichardt, Twen
ty-second Infantry, now at the Presidio
of San Francisco, will be sent to Fort
Crook. Nebr.
The following enlisted men will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States: Recruits— Rudolph Slchterman
and Joe Castelio. Company B; Theodore
Huber. V, . L. Collett and C. E. Hogue,
Company D; John Dale and Allen K.
Rich, Company E: Charles swinney.
Company i ; David Johns, Company G;
Norval C. Watson, Peter Peterson and
George Edwards, Company I; Lawrence
Perry. Company C, and George C.
Haynes, Company M. Thirty-third In
fantry, Presidio. San Francisco
Pensions: For California: Original-
Henry Comfort.. Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. $6; James E. Colvil Grldley. $6.
Increase— James Rourke, Soldiers* Home
Los Angeles, Js to $10; Lowell H. Chan
dler, San Francisco, $5 to $3; Patrick
Fitzgerald. Santa Rosa, $6 to $10; John f.
Brown, Florin. X to $3. Original widows,
etc.— Steinberger, San Francisco $S;
Nancy E. Bruce. Los Angeles, {>.
Oregon: Increase, special, September
William H. Burghardt. Oregon City
$6 to $10.
Washington: Original— Charles D. Bib
bins, Spokane. *i; George Taylor, North
Yakima, $6.
Railroad Election.
SALT LAKE. Oct. IL— The annual meet
ing of the Oregon Short Line stockhold
ers was held this morning. The following
directors were elected: Oliver Ames,
Francis S. Bangs. Horace G. Burt, Samuel
Carr. Thomas Jefferson Coolidge, ".v. D.
Cornish. W. E. Glynn. George J. Gould,
E. E. Harriman. Thomas R. Jones. Otto
H. Kahn. G. M. Lane, James Loeb, Oliver
Mink and Winslow S. Pierce.
Big Wheat Deal.
i "WOODLAND, Oct. IL— One of the largest
1 wheat deals made in the county this sea
■ son was consummated Monday. M. D.
I Chamberlain, representing McNear & Co..
| purchased of the Fair estate 60,000 sacks
1 of wheat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899.
OUTLOOK FOR A BREEZE
NOT VERY ENCOURAGING
To-Day Columbia and Shamrock Will Meet
Once More in an Attempt to Settle the
Question of Superiority.
LIGHT WINDS PREVAIL.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— Reports
from Sandy Hook and the Highlands
received at 4 o'clock this morning
were that a very light westerly wind
was prevailing, with a tendency to
decrease in velocity, and unless a
material change occurs there will be
no yacht race to-day. The local
weather forecast and that from
Washington indicate that only light
winds will prevail in this vicinity
to-day.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— outlook
\ for a race between the Shamrock
\ and the Columbia to-morrow is
* not of the best. Even the hitherto
optimistic Weather Bureau will
not promise a breeze. The revised
agreement calls for a ■ start every
week day from this time on. so that there
is a possibility of the fate of the cup be
ing decided this week.
Looking as fine as two fiddles tuned up
to concert pitch, the Columbia and the
Shamrock lay quietly at their moorings
all day. with their tenders close a: hand
and tugs standing by for a call. Durin?
the early morning hours the fog was even
thicker than on Tuesday, but when the
sun came up toward noon the fog cleared
away under the Influence of a light breeze
from the south-southwest.
The cover was taken off the Columbia's
mainsail just before noon and the sail was
given a thorough overhauling and drying.
The new club topsail was also looked
after, and the running gear inspected fore
and aft. Speaking of the new topsail made
for the Columbia since the last race and
set on Tuesday for the first time, Mr. Ise
lin said:
"Yes. it is a larger sail than any of the
others, and I am pleased with the way it
sets. Whether it is larger thai any of
the Shamrock's I am not preoared to say.
You who see the boats under sail from a
distance ought to be able to tell that, for
I have not seen the sails of either boat
from a distance."
The utmost confidence in the American
yacht prevails ....... Many of
them have wagered a month's wages on
her. and all agree that she cannot be
beaten.
Weather -■■-.- at the Horseshoe.
where the fleet of yachts and tenders are
lying, were nearly as depressing to-day
as yesterday. The morning brought a fog
like that of the day before, although le-s
dense, which lifted slowly as the day ad
vanced. Not a breath of air was stirring
and there was no sign of a breeze until
the early afternoon, which was the drear
iest part of the day. On board the de
fender and challenger a close watch was
kept through the mist f.->r vessels, but
aside from this and the ordinary routine
there was little for the cr°w to do except
wait for the morrow and hope for a wind.
As the dark advanced the fog lifted, until
at noon it was hardly more than a haze
on the horizon.
M'MANUS ADHERES TO
HIS FORMER STORY
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 11.— To-day's
proceedings in the trial of Ellery P. Ing
ham and Harvey K. New respectively
former United States District Attorney
and Assistant, on the charge of con
spiracy and bribery in connection witn
the Lancaster revenue stamp counterfeit
ing case, was particularly interesting.
Secret Service Operative McManus. who
swore yesterday that Newitt had on 'wo
occasions given him $500 to protect the
counterfeiters, was under Attorney
Shields' cross-examination fire, during
which the defense was outlined. Mr.
Shields showed by cross-questioning that
he wanted Mr. McManus to admit that he
had led Mr. Newitt into a trap, but he
was not very successful.
William M. Jacobs, the proprietor of
the Lancaster cigar factory, and the self
confessed originator and leader of the
daring nd far-reaching counterfeit
plot, was examined by the Government-
He said that in ISSB. Downey, the Internal
Revenue Collector for Lancaster, told him
the secret service men were watching the
witness and Kendig In their counterfeit
ing operations. A few days later the
witness and Kendig visited Ingham In
Philadelphia, and after inquiring of him
if the secret service men could be cor
rupted was told by Ingham that he
thought that they could if properly ap
proached, and that most people could be
"reached" by money. Cross-examination
failed to shake Jacobs' testimony.
Samuel B. Downey, ex-deputy internal
revenue collector, confessed on the stand
to having accepted money from Jacobs
for supplying him with the information
that the secret service agents were watch-
Ing him. The court then adjourned until
to-morrow
St. Peter's and St. Paul's Bazaar.
This evening at St. Peter's and St. Paul's
bazaar, in Washington-square Hall. St.
Rose's booth will receive, under the man
agement of Mrs. C. Masoero, assisted by
Mrs. J. L. Watson. Mrs. Giusti. Mrs. P.
Perazzi and Misses A. Arata, J. Brizzo
laro. L. Borlinl. Eda Beronio. R. Cuneo,
C. Chlchizola, I. Garbarino. Eda Letora,
M. Olcese, P. N. Stevenot and V. Perazzi.
The programme will include a vocal solo
by Miss Liliie R^eder, piano solo by Miss
E. Bereonlo and fan chorus under the
direction of S. Arillaga, the singers being
Misses Perez, Acosta, "W. O'Rourke, H.
Andre xa and Mrs. S. Domlnguez. The
bazaar has many attractions and has a
large attendance. Last evening Miss Jus
tlna Perez, Misses V. Rappln and Miss F.
Baumberger sang.
snnmirmmraramirmnraninm^^
I A GIFT FROM HEAVEN -- ;mhvhl i
Disease is a derangement of bodily magnetism which elec- " 'Z^f^S^^^^^^^^^P^^\\ < > feS ™^*i
pE tricity only can restore. I've mastered the scientific means of *"' j^^^^^^^^^^^f^^^^)^jP%^4^^R
£: applying this remedy so that I absolutely cure Debility, Rheuma- ' ''^\^ i^ '^^^/~^S^^^E 3
£ tism and all Neno- Vital Diseases by my improved methGd, now 4 . .-^ r r^A^L -f^y^^^^^^S 3i
I dr. Mclaughlin electric belt, -'^9^^^^B^^B^^^ 1
£ This is the grandest form of medical electricity, for it is the y ' A^^^^^^^^^^^^cf^^^^^^^^^^^^ 3
£ result of many years' practice and skillful developments. I have + A^^jf^Ayj^/l^l f^MlS^^^^^^ ==2
jb found my treatment successful in tens of thousands of cases. It / '.''//A/' //'I/ /IMM\< \\ \ 3
£isby my perfected battery that I carry a healing current to the / A XA' \ .' << I ' v \\ \ 3
£ nerves aid affected organs, and this without that BLISTERING of / y > v- "3
£ the skin so troublesome in other belts. It is a most comforting 3
£ and sublime treatment, for it assuages all pain and arnststhat weakness which saps the life force. If yon 'are suffering and seek a cure, 3
£f my new method appeals to your reason — to your common sense. The secret of this remedy is its natural pjwer and adaptation to nervous 3
2: derangements. In DEBILITY it blends with the action of the organs, feeds the nerves with new vigor and builds up the weakened glands and 3
E tissues. In VARICOCELE and Lost Manhood my treatment absolutely cures; it relieves the congestion of the b!o>d vessels and drives out the 12
£ pernicious poisons. Then you recover, the vigor of a new. robust life. The "unrest and anguish you've suffered are gone. 3
i dr. m. a Mclaughlin. t^il^l^i^ K ?t rny - ?• , F " 1
£-: 1/ll « ATA * A * A'AVJJxa.W V* 11AJ111 « &nd Burdioi Block, Oor. Spring and Second Sis . Los Angeles. send for it or call if you 3
t ' Office Hours— B a. m. to 5:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 la 1. . NEVER SOLD IN DRUG-STORES. can and get it free. 3
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Those who go down the bay to-morrow morning
with Signor Marconi on the Grand Duchesse will have an assurance that It
will be their privilege to see a race between Columbia and Shamrock. The
race may not come off. but It will in time, and the passengers on the Grand
Duchesse will be given weather checks— "good for a race."
Signor Marconi will be there for the purpose of sending bulletins and
reports to the Herald and The Call, by means of wireless telegraphy. If the
wind fails again little can be done, bat with a breeze sufficient to take the
yachts over the coarse within the time limit reports more complete than
any yet sent will be handled by Marconi. Those ashore will be able to follow
the yachts more closely than was ever possible before.
Captain Norton, who is in charge of the Grand Duchesse excursion, has
made every arrangement for the pleasure of his patrons. The steamship will
leave her pier Just above Desbrosses ferry slip at half-past 5 o'clock. Just as
soon as she swings out into the river Signor Marconi will exchange signals
with the receiving stations at Naveslnk Highlands and the cableship
Mackay-Bennett. From that time until the passengers are landed on return
the system will be in constant operation.
Those who have made trips on the Grand Duchesse have been so eager for
souvenirs of the first use of the wireless telegraphy that the receiving tape
has been seized and cut Into short sections almost as soon as signals have
been printed upon it. About two miles of this tape has been distributed
among the excursionists, and if the races continue that amount will be more
than doubled.
About 1 o'clock the first breeze of the i
day came up from the south, light and
hardly more than enough to make a ripple
on the water. In the afternoon it in- i
creased, although It was never more than j
enough to move the smallest boats. The |
sail covers on the big yachts, taken off
at midday, were replaced about midafter
noon. Columbia's men being the first to i
do this. No work on sails or rigging was i
done on the American boat. On the Sham- i
rock none had be^n attempted on other I
days.
C. Oliver Iselln said the new club top- :
sail and the mainsail were both satisfac- !
tory, so far as he could tell, and no more
changes had been made in either. He '
said, further, that practically no changes i
had been made on Columbia. He denied
that any trouble had been experienced
with the bobstay and said the work on
that had been merely painting.
"This one is not galvanized," he said,
"and we have to paint it frequently. That
Is the reason for the work of the sailors
on it."
In response to a question. Mr. Tselin
said Designer Herreshoff would sail on the
Columbia in all of the cup races, as he
had sailed orx the trials already held, and
would add his experience and knowledge
MAUD ADAMS A
WINE ARTISTE
A good many actresses call a cham
pagne scene an opportunity. They con
sider that there is a charm In the tipsy
role which will lend itself to them,
whereas the audience is made to realize
that there must be much charm in them
to lend any to the tipsiness.
All of which is not a temperance lec
ture but a plain statement apropos of
Edith Mason's Girofle at the Grand.
Maud Adams can tipple, and that right
daintily and elfishly; but Maud Adams is
a wonder. The average actress finds the
straight and narrow path of sobriety a
safe one.
The fact that Mis 3 Mason attempts to
much is probably not her fault. The
opera was written with the chief scene
of the name part built around a bottle,
and she was cast for the part. Perhaps
«he knew beforehand that she was riot
tripoing and tinkling enough to succeed.
At any rate, she has discreetly resisted
the temptation to overdo, though the
temptation stalks boastfully before her
even unto the fall of the curtain. A be
coming calcium upon the ' See How It
Sparkles" song comes to the aid of her
own neat voice and spares her flat failure.
But Girofle was not written for Edith
Mason. , '.
The opera for the rest is a smooth
enough little affair. It leaves no marked
impressions, either good or bad. The ap
plause is mild; there are no real hits.
Thomas Persse can always make love to
the satisfaction of all concerned and not
concerned, and the part of Marasquln
gives him an opportunity after his own
heart San Franciscans know V- llliam
Wolff's lovableness too well to be , thor
oughly terrified by his interpretation of
Mourzouk, but he is a good Mourzouk for
all that,' and Arthur Wooley's tremors at
the furniture smashing chief are trem
ulous enough. ,
But the memory of the piece is not long
enough to turn the Third-street corner.
enougn to SARAH COMSTOCK.
A NEW CAMILLE.
Under ordinary circumstances a woman
like Camille would not be able to gain
the sympathy of the refined person. For
it is not likely that a woman who out
raged the moral laws of society would
be shown any respect, and sympathy is
one of the greatest signs of respect in
existence. But there is an intermediator
which could even intercede for one os
tracized by society, and that intermedia
tor is pity. If an actress succeeds in
creating a pity for her Camille, without
resorting to affectation or other artificial
means, she has succeeded in espousing the
cause of the fallen, for pity Is invariably
followed by sympathy.
There are in the recollection of the
writer many artists who have tried—
very hard indeed— to Infuse into Dumas'
exceptional heroine the realism with
which the author was careful to sur
round her. But every one of them failed,
because in their anxiety to be natural
they became unnatural. First of all It
seems to be the ambition of most Ca
millas to look particularly consumptive
and worn during the first acts. This con
ception is wrong, because It is not nat
ural that a strong, handsome fellow like
Armand Duval would fall in love with
of the boat to that of Captain Barr.
At the New York Stock Exchange to-day
offers of 10 to S on the Columbia to:. no
takers. There was no money backing the
Shamrock in the hands of commission
brokers. Money at the New York Yacht
Club and other clubs has found no Sham
rock takers, and Columbia seems to be
the favorite yet with American bettors.
Betting has been even, 10 to • and It) to 8
to-day in Columbia circles, but no money
is ready from the opposition, and no bet
ting of account has been done. One 5 to 4
bet in hundreds was recorded at the Hoff
man House, but all the other centers nave
no reports of wagers.
In an interview former Commodore
James D. Smith of the New York Yacht
Club said:
"There is little difference between the
boats, if there is any. and from what I
have seen of their sailing qualities thus
far I should prefer Shamrock. While I
may be a subject for cavil from my fel
low-members of the New York Yacht
Club. I yet think that I am entitled to my
opinions. For several series of races -
have been chairman of the New York
Yacht Club America's cup .committee. I
asked to be excused from further duty in
this matter."
and man a sickly girl, especially when
he knows that the girl does not lean an
ideal life. But we want a beautifut,
healthy looking Camille, who wanes dur
ing the last half of the play, but whose
appearance Is striking in the beginning.
If ever Nance O'Neill proved that she
was entitled to a prominent position
among the constellations in the dramatic
firmament it was in her impersonation of
the "new" Camille. Unaffected, graceful
and handsome she met all requirements
of a lovable woman. She never became
too vulgar in her moments of rage, nor
did she adapt too simpering a mood in
her moments of sorrow. In short it was
a characterization of which any artist has
reason to feel proud, a characterization
which reveals a great future for this
woman who is gradually nearing the pin
nacle of dramatic art. That she did not
look the part in the last act cannot be
put to her discredit as an artist.
The play is a new version translated
ably by Barton Hill. But the novelty is
only apparent in the costumes, which are
taken from the period of 1840. It is a play
well worth seeing. A. M.
Th.- feature of the amateur performance
at th Chutes to-night will be a go-as
you-please walking match.
Concert for the Red Cross.
The band of the First California Volun
teers will commence a week of military
concerts and receptions next Monday
evening at the Alharnbra Theater. The
band is in need of new instruments and
uniforms. The concerts are partly for the
benefit of the Red Cross and a certain
percentage of the proceeds will be set
apart to purchase the uniforms and In
struments, of which the band is so much
in need. The aggregation will be under
the leadership of A. Nelson Adams, The
original war views taken by W. H. Lillie,
United States Volunteer Signal Corps, will
be displayed, as well as all the Filipino
trophies that were captured by the regi
ment. Next Wednesday there will be a
complimentary matinee to the orphans of
San Francisco, at which the band will be
assisted by Mrs. Eva Tenney, the vocal
soloist.
Preparing for the Barbecue.
The special committee appointed by the
Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs
is up to its eyes in work on the contem
plated barbecue which the federation will
give at Glen Park on the 22d of the pres
ent month.
The committee has not as yet announced
the number of sheep and fat oxen to be
slaughtered for this great feast, but suf
ficient Is known that none will go away
hungry from Glen Park on this eventful
Sunday. The federation is more than
pleased at the recognition plven the or
ganization by the two political conven
tions in placing on their tickets some of
the members of the federation. 0 the
Democratic ticket there are John E \.
Helms. A B. Maguire and L. J. Dwver.
On the Republican ticket the names" of
Dr. E. N. Torello, William Watson and
Nathan Blbo are among the friends of
the Mission Federation who will, in case
of their election, aid the people of *he
warm belt in getting a portion of the
public moneys for permanent improve
ment for the district, including the ac
quiring of the two Jewish' cemeteries for
a public park and botanical garden.
"She's one of those girls who wonies
over trifles."
"What's the trifle that's worrying
her now?"
"Her bathing Chicago Post.
DEWEY'S WELCOME
AT MONTPELIER
Greeted by an Immense
Crowd.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTPELIER. VL, Oct. Admrral '
Dewey arrived here from Shelbume on a
special train at 5:25 o'clock this evening
and was greeted by an immense crowd j
which had assembled at the- depot. The, |
admiral was met by his two brothers, Ed- !
ward and William. As .he walked
through the streets of the city just at
dusk in company with his brothers he
bowed right and left and waved his hands
to his old friends as he recognized them. '
To-night rain has been failing and has i
dampened the ardor of the people to a '
great extent.
Dewey has had one of the quietest days
since he left the Olympia. He enjoyed a
pleasant night's rest at the Shelburne
farm, took an early morning walk,
and then, after breakfast, in company
with others in his party, he was driven
for miles over the great estates of his |
host, Dr. W. Seward Webb. Early in
the afternoon the departure was taken
for Montpelier. where the admiral once j
more resumed his place in the public at- !
tention as guest of the capital city of the ;
State.
At Burlington Admiral Dewey was
greeted by a large concourse of school
children, who cheered and sang. At Wil
liston station Admiral Dewey, Mr. Calla
■ way and Dr. Webb went Into the engine,
the admiral's flag being transferred to
i that portion of the train. The party re
mained in the cab during a run of tnirty
miles. the admiral alighting a: Montpelier
Junction and (turning to his coach.
At stations along the line the admiral
was cheered. People came out of their
farmhouses and waved flags.
The train backed up from the junction
| into Montpelier so that the admiral was
' the first person to be seen on the train aa
I he sat in the vestibule gazing out on fa
j miliar scenes.
a great shout went up. and when the
train stopped the people pressed forward
to the car. There arose a cry of
"Speech! Speech"' but the admiral
shook his head, saying, "I can't talk."
and. turning to his brother Edward,
said. "You make a few remarks." The
admiral and his brothers walked across
the platform, ignoring the carriage in
waiting, and continued to the main
street, a short distance away.
The admiral walked to the home of
Edward Dewey, stopping to greet an
old schoolmate, who extended him a
welcome. Then the three brothers went
into Edward Dewey's house, the front
door being closed to the crowd which
surged from the street into the yard
right up to the steps.
BODY OF WARDEN AULL
IS LAID TO REST
In Accordance With the "Wishes of j
the Deceased, the Services Were
Very Simple.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11.— Late this aft
ernoon the casket containing the body of
Warden Charles Aull of Folsom prison
was laid away in the Creed Hay:
vault at the City Cemetery, but not until
it had been completely covered with beau
tiful flowers, tokens of the remembrance '
of friends in all parts of the State. The I
body reached this city on a train from !
Folsom bearing a delegation of Masons
and those who had been present at the
funeral services earlier in the day.
These services, in deference to the wish i
often expressed by the dead Warden, were |
of extremely simple character. Professor [
A. M. Etston of Berkeley, a minister of I
the Christian church, officiated, preaching I
a short sermon, in which he FDOk" of the j
qualities that had given Warden Aull the j
fame he enjoyed throughout the United
States as a penologist. P. C. Conn of
Natoma Lodge, Free and Accepted
Masons, of Folsom. of which lodge " the j
Warden had been a past master and past j
representative, performed the usual Ma
sonic service.
The body lay in the center of a room
overlooking the grounds of the prison
which had for twelve years claim- : the
best endeavors of Warden Aull. Complete
silence pervaded the penitentiary, the
prisoners having all been locked in their
cells. But the silence on their part was
not sullenness. for the truth is that the
prisoners appeared to have been deeply
touched by the death of the man they
had learned to respect as well as fear,
and expressions of sorrow were uttered
by many of the convicts. The floral pieces
banked in such profusion against the
cofSn came from prominent civilians and
State officials and they were of most
beautiful design.
Miners at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 11.— The special
train bearing delegates to the American
Institute of Mining Engineers and their
wives arrived at 10 a. m. It was met at
the depot by a committee of representa
tives of the various commercial organi
zations and the Southern California Min
ing Association. The party was escorted
through the oil districts this afternoon-
Snow Falls in Utah.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 11. -A cold rain
prevailed in this city and surrounding
country last night and this mominar.
Further east, in Utah and Western
Wyoming, snow fell to a depth of eight
inches luring the day. doing consider
able damage to telegraph wires and
temporarily interrupting the telegraph
communication.
Fire at Jenny Lind.
MILTON, Oct. 11.— home of Alvah
ilacomber. at Jenny Lind. a few miles
north of this ice, was destroyed by Are
last night. The fire is supposed to have
originated from a candle which Macom
ber left burning on the table when he
went to the theater.
Suisser Arraigned.
SALINAS, Oct. 11.— George Suisser was j
1 arraigned this afternoon on the charge '
of murdering- Sheriff Farley. He had no
' attorney, and Judge Dorn appointed C. |
: O'Dell of this city to represent him.
I The prisoner was given until October 13 !
to plead. He will probably plead guilty. |
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
The renowned Dr.
Beyer of Germany
writes :
I-:-.
"I use Warner's
Safe Cure for pa-
tients who suffer
from kidney and liver
diseases, and it re-
stores them to com-
plete health. I rec-
ommend it most
cordially in all circles
of my acquaintance."
jVI£HY j
|| ca <sa ?
I ♦ H Natural Mineral Water |
j J* fosS, known fcr centuries and ♦
Natural Mineral Water ♦
known for csnturies and +
O / SEtI imported q
O 411pk ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
j ♦ js»||gj& Fcr Disordered Stcnsci ♦
♦ Mie^^^ »a: Indigestion ?
1 ° r "', 5 Its ralue his teen testi- O
I o j^S==?Sl§J fied to by thousand* ♦
j♦ i VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy. °
| * E^^ffl IS NOT VICHY. ♦
; ♦ 'McSIOB Get the Genuine. J
5 SP»?**SSil Tcur phrsiclan O
' * r fK?i wl '* r*^ ollllll6ll^ it- ♦
° A- 7i:-y:i?.. :■.<•:.::::-.» A«v. °
; -»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o ■» o-»o-»o -»o-»-0'»-o-»
5 Will Give $1000
If I fail to care any
I *^ CANCER oT:umorl
ttfi*£r »^SS*V*v treat tiefore it scat-
nf£9f ters or aS<cts the
\Bur nbs or other
? ****& —— JSi No Knife
MR 3S: *° o p £: [
fi / . S?Tii No Cured.
Ax jM Until Cured.
1 &&R§yi*i • t~-^ — years' experi-
i l^rfi |*^=i^'^ / ence. 1000 cancers
\ -^^s // now in mv offices in
\ /[ alcohol. I^dyattend-
'#& JL ant - Any hard
j^£^=^^ r "^ : -'-'■'" lamp anywhere
is cancer.
Woman's Breast is Cancer
' If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
i when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK .SENT FREE . , M
j With symptoms addresses and testimonials ot
i thousands cured" in California, lint! iliem.
: S. R. CHAMLEY. M. D.. 25 Third St., S. F.
J c- N r. - »o « r - '• '"•' CANCER.
"When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
■ '
I
-«-o*-05-C -C-»-0-*-0 ■*■o'•■o■*■o■•■o■*'o-*■o-^■
* ♦
♦ Take advantage |
0 Or the Round-Trip Q
♦ Tickets to ♦
C O
% Hotel del Coronado. ?
° °
Nov/ only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel; -
° if longer, $2.50 a day. °
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st, °
o San Francisco. P
♦ T
♦©♦O-^O-^O-VO^O^O-^-O-^-C-^-C-^-O-^-O-*-
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
i Gout, Diabetes, Brtghts and other renal
1 complaints, Astnma, Ooesity and Chron-
ic Catarm.
For further Inform address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city. No. 336 Sutter st
BYRON 7he H£^T.^ ths
„_,„ cure RHEUM* ISM.
nU i Address A- Be* rn^r..
x^. r* >m T /-► c? at the Springs. Call on
PR liHuo Lombard & Co - - T * Geary
- street, city.
BOCA HOTEL.
FtMXST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHB
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms, rood
i boating on lake; boats free to iruests. prices
j reasonable. $8 to $19 per week; special rates tor
j families. W. J. McDONALD. ilanaser.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none tetter In Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out. . H. WAXIBHLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND « P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Ji
f „DO NOT...
: Be Without '
"THE CALL"
Durin? Your Vacation
i • Subscribers to "Th^ CaT vfaltia; lh*
i country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
ner months can have "The Call" senttothsra
j for a week or longer by prepaying for san»
j it the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
• .-TERMS...
: 15 Cents per Week
\ 85 Cent5^;^.;.....::.... Ocr Montn
rOSTAGE PREPAID.6
■fi 'X,*, # /"C^ B*s,^ Vv-~2 Bi «-«=r's H
4^ it $ t^gfe*^ m SSI*
THURSDAY .OCTOBER 12, i3og
JOHN D. SrR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Iddrea A!i _-. — - ration* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market and Third St*, S. F
Telephone M»:a ISC*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1*74,
ESLTVERED ft CARRIERS. IT, --■—= PER WEEK.
Single Copies. .'. cents.
Terms by ils'i. Ir.ciuiinir; «'.a?«:
CATLT CATJL Cncrudlr.g Bead*] Call), or.c year ifl.W
DaILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). € months 3.00
DAILY CALL fi.-.clucin* Sunday Call). 2 ninths .... 1.3°
t-AILT 'a::.- By Single m _.-.-..-. <*•"*«
EVNDAT CALL >.» Tear l- so
WEEKLT CALL Om Tear 1 - 00
All poetmaiters are authorize! to recelr. subscriptions.
S«.r:;:« Mates will be tcrwarded when r.^u»etwi.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNE6B.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C. CARLTON Herald 6<ra«*e :
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PCRRY LUKEN6 dR W Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. 0. Sews Co.: Great Jfortasrm Beast;
irrer^.:.: House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
WaMorf-Ael a. Hotel; A. Breataao, n Union Bquar*)
atomy Hill HotaL
WASHINGTON (D. CI OFFICE Wellkifttoa Hotel
4, L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:10 o'clock. 200 Hayes street, open until
9:20 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 913
o'clock- 615 Larftln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1641 Mission street open until 10 o'clock- £2<" Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '094
Valencia street, open until 3 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 5 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Hotel Toipsy -rvy."
California— "Carallle."
Grr.fceum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Ernar.i."
Alcazar— "Jim the Penman.'*
Grand Opera House — "Gircfie GlrcSa."
Chutes, Zuo ar.i Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon az:i
evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
THE RIGHT SPIRIT.
PRESIDENT JORDAN in introducing Presi
dent Wheeler of Berkeley to the students at
Stanford said the coming of such a man to the
presidency of the State University is one of the "most
fortunate things that ever happened to^ California,
and the tone and tne spirit of the address which
President Wheeler mace to the Stanford men will go
far to incline ail thoughtful Californians to agree with
the sentiment.
The dominant thought of the speech is the su
preme duty of loyalty to the university, to the State,
to the nation, to the work in which men of education
are engaged. Between Berkeley and Stanford there
is and ought to be rivalry, but there should never be
antagonism. The work done at the one institution
stimulates effort at the other and thus improves the
work there. Nor was it of the two great universi
ties only that he spoke in terms of loyalty and re
spect. It is gratifying to note the earnest commen
dation he gave to the smaller colleges in saying:
"Just as much as I believe in the differentiation in
athletics and studies, I believe in the differentiation
among colleges. When men from the small col
leges come to me for graduate work I find they are
quite as well prepared as those from the larger uni
versities to carry on any advanced work. So I dis
like to hear any one disparage the small or denomi
national colleges. Many men would not be inter
ested in colleges at all if it had not been for their
relation through the churches."
We cannot have in California too much of that
kind of speaking. The antagonisms, the prejudices
and the sectionalisms which prevail here have been
too long the chief theme of the greater part of our
oratory and our journalism. Rapid as has been the
advance of the State in every phase of civilization,
it would have been far more rapid had there been
a more potent spirit of co-operation among the peo
ple and a fulier comprehension that loyalty to the
larger interests of the State would not imply any
lack of fidelity to local interests.
The man who comes to us to teach not the for
malisms of the philosophy of the closet but the true
philosophy of active life, and who sets the example
of giving just praise and commendation wherever it
be due, who does not hesitate to ask Stanford men
to teach and to help Berkeley, and who, speaking
as president of Berkeley, avows his warm interest in
Stanford, is indeed a valuable addition. to : the citi
zenship of the State. California needs such men
and has long needed them, and it is to be accounted
a gain to the commonwealth that in this instance we
obtain such a teacher in a position from which he
can speak not only with eloquence but with the
prestige of authority.
The Hongkong Daily Press, not content with de
nouncing in set terms the manner in which the
United States transport Tartar was overcrowded with
troops, published ■also a clever bit of satirical de
scription of what it termed the "United States trans
port Sardine Box," and argued that the officers who
sent it forth deserve a premium for their ability in
packing soldiers. The subject is not appropriate for
jesting, but inasmuch as the affair turned out all
right we can afford to smile at the joke. It is not
often v.c get one from Hongkong.
Mayor Phelan is of opinion there is room in
municipal campaigns for Democratic national poli
tics, but not enough for Republican national poli
tics. He would have the Democrats vote a straight
ticket and the Republicans scatter; and yet there
are folks who do not believe he thinks himself a very
astute young man.
While Kipling and Swinburne are doing the war
singing for the British against the Boers Poet
Laureate Austin is doubtless trying to find a rhyme
for Kruger and consoling himself with the thought
that while "the shallows murmur the deeps are
dumb."
London dispatches agree that the London press
ij defiant in its attitude on the South African mud
dle. It is safe to say, even in the absence of des
patches from the Transvaal, that the London press
is not on the firing line.
Now that the rains have put out the forest fires in
the Santa Cruz Mountains the grape men are com
plaining because it injured some of. their grapes.
There is no such thing as satisfying a man who lives
in the mountains.
THE ULTIMATUM OF THE TRANSVAAL
AFTER negotiations so prolonged as to lead to
\ the conclusion that neither side was willing
i V to precipitate a war, the Transvaal Govern
: ] ment has sent an ultimatum to the British which
i puts an end to further discussion. The argument
lis ended; the appeal is to the sword. The best news
I from South Africa will probably be of battle, and
I thus will begin £ conflict which will determine the
j destinies of the whole southern part of thai conti
j nent.
The determination of President Kruger to risk a
j W2r at once is not so rash as it appears on the race
lof things. It is true that in comparison with the
j British empire the Transvaal is but a weak country,
\ but it is stronger now than it will ever be again ua
j iess British aggression can be stopped at once. The
I Boers increase but slowly either in population or in
• the arts of civilization. On the other hand, the Brit
ish in South. Africa are increasing rapidly. Even'
;' year sets their number augmented at a ratio tar sur-
I passing that of the Boers, and moreover they in
; crease in the wealth that adds to military strength,
; Their railways are extended, their factories multiply
! with each succeeding year. The Transvaal has noth
; ing to gain, but everything to lose by delay. If,
j therefore, they are to defend their independence at
! the cost of war it is but prudence for the:: to bgin
l the war at once.
From the present situation it appears that ***
Boers have waited until this time before declaring
[war simply that they might rally to their support
! their kinsmen of Orange Free State and all the
i Dutch elements of South Africa. It was doubtless
• for no other purpose than that of gaining time to
accomplish such alliance that Kruger has been pro
nging the negotiations. Ke has now won bis
\ point. The Dutch of South Africa are about as
I united as they can become so long as British domin
j ion holds there, and it is clearly time for them to
j strike, and strike hard.
This is not the first time the British nd the Dutch
\ have me: in war to fight out a question of suprem
] acy. During the seventeenth century their commer
j cial rivalries brought them into conflict and they en-
I tered upon a war for the empire oLihe seas. Under
• the leadership of Tromp and Ruyter on the side of
{the Dutch and Blake and Monk on the side of Eng
j land, the conflict was waged with relentless deter
j mination. Admiral Tromp raised a broom to the
I masthead of his flagship as a sign that he intended
to sweep the British from the ocean, and in many
ja hard-fought fight he came near to the fulfillment
jof his boast.
Now after the lapse of centuries the descendants
I of the Dutch settlers in South Africa have once more
i raised a broom as a sign of a determination to sweep
| the British out of their way. Whatever may have
1 been the beginning of the present conflict, it has now
! become a war for the dominion of all South Africa.
i It is to decide whether that country 'hall be under
i British or Dutch rule for all time to come. The issue ,
jis as well understood in London as at Pretoria. It \
j has been well known to the statesmen of both coun- j
j tries that the conflict is no vulgar fight for gold;
i mines or for rights of franchise, but for an empire cf ]
vast proportions of golden prospects.
While the odds are strongly on the side of the ]
Brit: the hope of the Boers and their allies of the
Free State are by no means desperate. They are at
home, while the British will have to send their
troops across long distances of sea and land. More
! over, the Boers have in the beginning of the war a
I decided superiority. A writer for the London Fort
nightly Review recently gave the comparative mili
; tary strength of the two races in South Africa, as i
I follows:
British. Dutch.
Cap* Colony 17.000 50,000
Oranze Free State 1,000 18,000
Transvaal 3.000 22,000
Natal 6,000 1,500
British Beehuanaiand 1.00 500
Rhorif'Sia 2,000 300
Imperial troops now in South
Africa 10,000
Totals 39,500 92,300
It is doubtless the hope of Kruger to drive the
British virtually out of the country at the first rush,
or at least to win such successes as to compel the
acknowledgment of the independence not only of
the Transvaal, but of Orange Free State. The own
ers of the rich gold mines will of course urge the
war party in Great Britain to the utmost, and the
natural pugnacity of the race will not require much
urging to continue the war. Even in the old days
England fought the United Colonies eight years be
fore conceding their independence, and she has not
lost anything of her old persistency. It is likely to
be a long war, and at the present time there is no
calculating what developments may come of it before
it closes.
SWINBURNE'S SONNET.
IT is evident that British opinion needs some tonic
to stomach aggression on the Transvaal. Her
bert Spencer and John Morley have voiced the
thoughtful disapproval of that element in British so
ciety which, after all, has given to the Victorian era
greater glory than all its soldiers and its sailors.
They stand there in the same moral and political at
titude as the American anti-imperialists and are
taunted as "little Englishmen." But still they stand
for morality and principle and justice, as against
blood-lust and greed. To overcome their influence
it has been found necessary to discover and invest
some reason identified with patriotism and the lib
erty and the rights of man, which are dear to the
British heart.
Two years ago, when state policy required mur
der and outrage to protect the Indian frontier, and
the independent tribes of the Chitral had to be the
victims, British opinion was soothed by calling the
tribesmen rebels and traitors, though they had never
been under any sort of subjection to British jurisdic
tion. When they had been killed, their poor huts
burned and their hill country laid waste, the English
conscience was quieted by the announcement that
the traitors of the Chitral had been punished.
But now the case is different. The Transvaal
affair cannot be dumped into the hopper as part of
the "white man's burden," and murder and criminal
aggression cannot be made to appear- as a duty to
the black or brown man. The Boers are civilized,
of an older race and better blood than the British.
Their ancestors were fighting for liberty at the bat
tle of the Golden Spur when the British Isles were
not out of the troglodyte stages of progress." *
They carried civilization into Africa in advance of
Great Britain and had planted civil and religious in
stitutions there while England was so intent on rob
bing the treasure vaults of Hindoo Princes and de
spoiling the Great Mogul that she hardly knew there
was such a continent as Africa.. Therefore these ter
rible Boers must be lied about in verse and prose,
misrepresented and abused. Kipling has done his
share, to his discredit, and his war song, which fits
the wolf murdering the lamb for roiling his water
by drinking, downstream exactly as it fits England
for making war on the Boers because they injure her
6 ■' lU J UIC ncr
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1599.
business by minding their own, has inspired Swin
burne to crawl out of his retirement and put his pen
to a libel in the form of a sonnet, in which he calls
i the Boers "wolves" and "dogs," who when they pray
1 have foul tongues that "blacken God's dishonored
name." Upon reading it one reaches the conclusion
that the British appetite must be rather rank to be
satisfied with such intellectual swill. It is, written for
the jingoes, and as they seek a virtuous excuse for
every vice to which Government can turn it will
satisfy them while it revolts the conscience of Eng
land and the world. It is putting poetry to a bad
use when it lilts against the weak and righteous and
exalts the strong and unrighteous.
No country can long afford to go forward in a
course of oppression and injustice against the con
science of its people. Our Government and that of
Great Britain seem bent on doing this now, but soon
all the Swinburnes and the Kipiings trilling together
will not hide «the clamor for national morality and
justice that will be heard on both sides of the At
lantic
A PACIFIC COAST COMMISSIONER.
AMONG the objects which the newly formed
\ Traffic Association hopes to accomplish is
that of bringing about the appointment of a
member of the Interstate Commerce Commission to
represent the Pacific Coast. In some respects that
object is the most important it has yet announced.
The contest against the scheme of the St. Louis
association over freight rates is but a temporary
fight. The victory will be of but passing value to
either side, for the loser will be almost sure to re
new the struggle at the first opportunity, and all will
have to be done over again. If, however, we could
procure a representative of this coast upon the In
terstate Commission that would be a lasting gain of
great value in more ways than one.
It is well known that the Pacific Coast has not
been altogether fairly treated in governmental mat
ters. The unfairness has not been due to any an
tagonism to us or to our interests, but to the ignor
ance of Eastern people concerning the conditions of
this part of the Union and the inability of the aver
age official at Washington to understand that we
have interests which are not identical with those of
the East and which, therefore, deserve all the more
careful consideration.
Evidences of the wrong done us in that way
occur in all departments of governmental work.
The Commerce Commission is not alone to blame.
In the present tariff, for example, the clause which
permits the President to arrange reciprocity treaties
without further consent of the Senate puts in the
list of things on which he can grant concessions many
articles which are California products and not a
single staple article of Eastern production. So the
appropriation bills almost invariably show a far
greater consideration to small creeks in the East than
to rivers and harbors on this coast. It is so all
along the line.
We are ourselves much to blame in the matter be
cause we have never made strenuous and well di
rected efforts to protect ourselves or to have strong
representatives at the national capital. We have not
re-elected our Congressmen with anything like the
steadfastness that we should have done, and every
delegation has contained a considerable number of
new men inexperienced at Washington and conse
quently without influence there. The effort now
made to gain a representative on the Interstate Com
merce Commission may be something of a forlorn
hope, but it is worth trying, and it is to be hoped
the Traffic Association will find sufficient backing
to make that part of its fight earnest, persistent and
continuous until it is won.
ESTIMATES made by competent experts are to
the effect that the total revenues derived from
the orchards and vineyards of the State this
year will be in the neighborhood of $15,000,000,
being an increase over those of last year of upward
of $3,500,000. The estimate is based upon- a calcu
lation that the total output will be 1200 carloads of
peaches at $1200 per car; 4000 carloads of prunes at
$700 per car; 350 carloads of apricots, for which
$2000 would be a low average; 2500 carloads of rai
sins, averaging $1200 at least; pears, plums and nec
tarines and that sort of fruit, 150 carloads, averaging
$1500 per car; apples, perhaps 150 carloads, at $1500
per car.
A statement of that kind is gratifying. It shows
the increase going on in the fruit industry and the
vast magnitude which the output has already reached.
Still it is not wholly satisfactory. The great bulk
of our fruit, the finest in the world, is sent to market
either fresh, or dried, or packed in tins. Now, in
even the best of these forms the fruit amounts to
hardly more than raw material. In the meantime
there is a wide demand for the finer grades of jel
lies, marmalades, preserves and all the hundred kinds
of fruit conserves and confections. Moreover, our
Consuls tell us there is a large demand throughout
the Orient for fruits in glass, since neither dried nor
tinned fruits stand the climate. Why should we
ship nearly all our fruit as raw material when by
manufacturing it to its highest form at home we
could not only diversify our industry and give em
ployment to more labor but largely increase our
revenues? . ,
The Governor of Texas has called the capitalists
and the investors of the country to meet some two
thousand business men of Texas in a convention to
discuss the industrial development of that State. It
is the purpose of the Texans to show enterprising
business men of the North that raw material for
manufacturing can be had more cheaply in that State
than in any other part of the Union, and that the
facilities for shipping to all parts of the ' world are
excellent. • Why should not. California direct atten
tion to the possibilities that lie before the men of
capital and energy who will work up all our fruit
into the forms in which it will command the best
prices in the best markets of the world? '. '•"•;
According to the estimates there will be $15,000,000
worth of fruit sent out of the State this year, and it
is safe to say that a considerable percentage of -it
will be worked over again in the East or in Europe
and sold for three times what we get for it. It is
not improbable that some of it may actually come
back to us and be sold in our own groceries as
Scotch marmalade, London preserves or confections
from Paris. It is almost certain that much of it will
be packed in glass in England and sent around to
China and there sold under our very eyes for a big
ger profit than we make in selling it in sacks or in
tins. It is time for California to follow the example
of the Southern States. Let us make known to in
vestors the wealth of our raw material and the
greater wealth that awaits those who will manu
facture it into its most finished form. ~ --4.
It has been noted that the Democrats have about
j abandoned the campaign against trusts in the State
, elections this year and are now stumping on gen
j eral principles and fighting nothing but prosperity.
OUR FRUIT PRODUCTS.
\ \
j " '^l^— — — *"^* /^|&_u^ j
INSATIABLE.
The Lion— "What's yours is mine, and what's mine is my o-crn. —From Life.
8 a a a » a a » o » » h a a a c. ;o. .
. THF CAI I 'rS ? : V : is : : iT^M THOS. J. KIRK,
« "UAVIL 5 '&--F^^cC:i^^^^m Superintendent of Schools,
:' I Ivl 1 L ': jlplSp*
« U I U L/ i £ It Is Another Valuable Means
o 1_W_\w_W^ §&
1 CIRCLE i-^^'^^^^li FOR PUBLIC EDUCATION.
C* 0 O v O C* C* O v 0 0 C* v v O O C
a a^*^.
>^eeg»g85r*-
' 7 • r i//// //r///r///f'_ . _f^'f»A -_? / / 7f
thos J *•**« •*•*"-'•_. /if'//,
£h£rt_\fi j./. _/.//.. A.. A.V/W'/WW
JUL'A B *<;*.*,
_V<_ 7 W ■/ /■*■_- /- *-_*-. -W_lS
Editor Call, San Francisco, Cal.:
Dear Sir: I recognize in the Home Study Circle which you have
established through The Call another valuable means for public ed-
ucation, that education which is required beyond and outside of
public schools and even of colleges. The adults, the masses, as
well as the children, continually need educating. The broad, com-
prehensive courses of study which you are thus offering should, and
1 believe will, attract many students. Very truly yours,
(^7*
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
M. P. Morgans, a mine owner of Angels,
is at the Grand.
A. H. Bryan, a mining man of Oroville,
is at the Occidental.
N. A. McKay, a wealthy mine owner
of Angels, is registered at the Lick.
Charles E. Hale, a leading merchant of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
Lieutenant C. O. Huntington, U. S. N.,
is at the California accompanied by his
wife.
Dr. G. F. Falkner, one of the best
known physicians of Sacramento, is a
guest at the Grand.
James McCudden, the well-known
Vallejo contractor, is among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Grand.
T. C. Johnson, one of the most promi
nent ranchers in the vicinity of Pleasan
ton, is a guest at the Grand.
Lester Wallack, a prominent merchant
of Fresno, is registered at the Lick on a
short business trip to the city.
James McNeil, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is registered- at the Palace for a
short' visit of pleasure to this city.
Timothy Lee, an able and influential
attorney of lone. is at the Lick, where
he will remain during his short stay in
the city.
Mr. and Mrs. James P.. Holt Jr. are
staying at the Occidental. Mr. Holt is
largely interested in Hawaiian sugar
planting.
Henry Mueller, a leading business man
of Butte, Montana, is a guest at the
Palace. Mrs. Mueller accompanies her
husband.
J. C. Steele of the Kansas City Star is )
at the Occidental. He has come to this
city to write up the story of. Funston's
gallant boys for the people of their home
State. :.-.'.:.;.;:;•'
E. P. Gifford, an influential attorney of i
Stockton. is registered at the California.
Dr. J. G. Pierce has come down from
his home in Sebastopol and Is staying at
the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.-C. H. Bentley of
San Francisco is at the Imperial. L. T.
! Moore and Miss Moore of Los Angeles are
;at the Savoy. Mrs. T. Wintingham, Miss
i Wintingham and Master Wintingham of
San Francisco are at the Herald Square.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE— Subscriber,
City. In the United States army an offi
cer in the regular or volunteer service is
granted a leave of absence, not a fur
lough. When he is absent- from his com
mand on business connected with the ser
vice he is allowed mileage, but not like
a private or non-com., commutation of ra
tions. The pay of a second lieutenant in
active service, if not mounted, is first
five years $1400 a year; after five years'
service, $1540; after ten years, $1680; after
fifteen years, $IS2O, and after twenty years
51900. If mounted the pay runs, $1500,
$1650, $1800, $1950 and $2100.
ASYLUMS IN CALIFORNIA— J. B. F., j
Redding Cal. The asylums for the in
sane in California are: Stockton. Asa
! Clark, medical director: Napa, A. If.
Gardener; Agnews. J. H. Crane; South
California, at Patton, San Bernardino '
County, M. R. Campbell; Mendiclno. E. i
i \\ . King.
; MUST BE A CITIZEN— T. O. S., City. 1
• No person who is not a citizen of the '
! United States is eligible to an examina- '
: tion under the civil service rules of the :
' United States for any position. A declara
tion of Intention to become a citizen is
not sufficient for any applicant to take ;
an examintion for any position.
TOMPKINS Subscriber, City. In
the State of New York there is a Tomp
kinsville in Richmond County, on the
northeast shore, six miles south by west :
from New York City. Richmond County !
is not on the Hudson, but is opposite
Kings County, on the Narrows. Any map '
; of New York and surroundings will snow
: you the location of Richmond County. i
: There is also a Tompkinsvllle in Broome
i County, South Middle New York.
J THE WHITE HOUSE-Subscrlber, Oak-
I land. Cal. The only money that is paid
j by the United States to the President is
the amount of his salary, $50,000 a year.
All the expenses of the White House are
paid out of a special fund, that is, ex
j penses that are in the way of a public
; nature. Among these are the care and
: maintenance of the building and grounds,
the greenhouse, the conservatory, the
furnishing of the White House and the
pay of all persons employed about that
; house, except the President's private
! servants.
AI— E. ( City. Al, used in connection
with vessels, Is a symbol to designate a
first class vessel at Lloyds. The letter A
refers to the character of the hull of. tae
ship and is assigned to a new ship for
a number of years, varying from fou to
fifteen, according to the material used.
After the original term has expired the
A may be further continued for an ad
ditional specified term on condition of
certain specified repairs being made. The
figure 1 refers to the state of anchors,
cables and other fittings. Vessels of in
ferior character are classified under the
letters AE, E and I.' The term Al has
come into use to denote anything that is
of undoubtedly good quality.
MILITARY SCHOOLS— A. C. N . Pes
cadero, Cal. The War Department of the
United States maintains a school of ar
tillery at Fort Monroe, Va., and a school
of infantry and cavalry at Fort Leaven
worth, Kansas. These schools are for
graduates of West Point, who wish to be
more advanced in the particular branch
of the service they have pursued at M est
Point. ..-.-.
There is the Virginia Military Institute
at Lexington. Va.. which ranks second
to the West Point Academy, but it does
not confer military degrees. There Is
also the Kentucky Military Institute in
Farmdale. Ky. There are similar Insti
tutes in New York. Massachusetts, Ver
mont, Ohio and Michigan. For information
as to requirements you should write to any
or all of them. in addition there are col
leges, academies and universities in the
different States where military instruc
tion is given, under the direction of some
officer of the United States army, detailed
for that purpose.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Charged With Manslaughter.
Coroner Hill yesterday held an inquest
on the body of Mrs. Ellen Richardson,
who was shot and killed by her husband
last Tuesday night in their saloon at 645
Howard street. The jury returned a ver
dict charging C. H. Richardson with man
slaughter.
If you don't eat well or sleep well, have head
aches and dizzy spells, try a spoonful of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
Grace Church Jubilee Souvenir.
The vestry of Grace Church has issued
a very attractive "booklet,", profusely
illustrated and containing a brief sketch
or history of the fiirst fifty years of
Grace parish life. This "booklet" will be
of interest not only to the present mem
bership of the church, but also to many
who were formerly connected therewith.
.The collection of photo-engravings that
are shown will be valued by citizens gen
erally.
THE
PEERLESS
OIL
COMPANY
Offers 5000 shares of its stock at
$1 per share.
Capital stock 100.000 shares.
Par Value $10 00 per share.
This company's property consists
of 160 acres of patented land in the
very center of the famous
Kern River District,
Mi. l way between the ELWOOD
WELL and the TIBBETTS WELL
(both producers), and it is sur-
- rounded by wells la various stages
of development.
A CLOSE INVESTIGATION ra
INVITED. is
♦A. contract J tor inking Is about
to be let and a strike of oil may
be expected at 220 to 250 feet depth.
OFFICE-Room 47, Eighth Floor,
Mills Building.HOW DEMOCRATS
WERE BETRAYED
BY THE BOSSES
Ticket Nominated in
the Mills Building.
— •
GAVIN M'NAB THE PRODUCER
♦
NO3LTNEZS PUBUBHKD IX THE
CALL SEPTI2£BZ£ 15.
»
Th* Ccrivstzflon W« Sliced by
2fat-.ipttla.tcrs From the
Start to the
J'^L -
Undsr the provisions cf the Stratton
p..rrary Law an election was held in Baa
Francisco August i, Delegates to a Dem
ocratic. . .••ca. nominating convention were
chosen, but the delegates sc» chosen had
little cr nothing to do with the nomina
ticu on tne so-called Democratic munici
pal ticket. The ticket from top to bot
tom was prepared by Mayor Puelan an-i
Garta MdNao. Politicians who were on
t.-.e Inside knew beforehand the names of
tne men selected to go on the ticket. As
proof that the ticket was concocted be
fit* the delegates were consulted the fact
is cited that The Call on September 15 —
three weesta before the nominees were
balloted for in tne convention— made th*
Mayor— James D. Pheian.
Assessor— Washington C-o-ig^.
City and County Attorney— Franklin X-
Lane.
District Attorney— L. F. Eyirgtoc.
Sheriff-Jeremiah Deasy.
Tax Collector— Pochard P. Dootan.
-teasurer — S.i~.oe. Brooaa
Recorder — E. Godeftanx.
proposed Democratic ticket cei-gates co
tne convention were not Interviewed to
ascertain tneir choice. No effort was
rr.-iie to ascertain tne preference of any
disTxtct delegation. The Call was con- :
vtaced then that Mayor Pheian and Carta
MeNafa were bossies affairs in tne Demo
cratic party with a higher hand tnan
1- rcJciey ever raised, and therefore direct
ed its efforts to nnc tne names of the men .
i_- jred by the new bosses.
The Caii predicted that Fred Baldwin .
would be Dominated for County Clerks
and he was on the slate when the predic
tion was made. After reflect.en the bosses
decided to taxe mm on* and put c-n Dennis
Geary to eaten the soldier vote.
It is true that many Democrats of shn
— inds and hor.est intentions went into
.'-invention believing that the contest
— . i fee fought cut on the floor, but
these 1 haded ielegates did not know that
:.-.e tfeket had bees Axed in the JI ..»
building when they were hustling around
to gain support for candidates of their
ch_:.ie.
the Democratic municipal ticket was
produced by Pheian and McXab. It ts
true that the Committee of One Hundred
on the face of the proposition got control
cf the convention, but the committee from
the outset was controlled by Pheian and
McXab. Democrats who were excluded
fr:m the convention at Sacramento by
Mayor Pheian were willing to accord
to him the trulls of political triumph and
did not interpose any objection to vis re
d rmi-.i*.i ra tor Mayor, but they did not
recognise bis right to nominate the entire
ticket As the matter now stand-?, the
Democrats who honestly resented the in
-
local affairs are ostracized.
The Democratic newspapers are troub
ling' themselves concerning .Republican
D ■—. fa itl as for the Board of Supervisors.
On this pdnt tt Is. well to remind voters
chat Mayor Pheian, who selected the
- -----". Democratic nominees : r Sup«r-
TtsorsJ once before trieii his hand on Su
pervisorial selection, and made the sor
riest 'ob ever turned out in San Francisco.
The men that he selected proved so
worthless and corrupt that he was com
pelled to join Deacon Fitch In a petition
to the court to remove them from office.
There is no assurance that the Mayor's
judgment as to the character of men re
qnired for the board has been improved
since he selected the discredited gang.
If Democrats cf San Francisco desire to
perpetuate the power cf Pheian and Mo-
Nab instead of the power of the people
they can assist such perpetuation by vot
ing for the Democratic Municipal ticket;
but it is no* the ticket cf the party, as
the party had no choice in the selection.
Honest, straightforward delegates to the
convention were bunkoed and the people
The Horace Davis Central Club, head
quarters History building. T23 Market
srr^et. promises to become one of the
most popular and formidable organiza
tions ev~r formed in San Francisco. The
roil cf membership is already extensive
and the names of thousands of citizens
will be added as the campaign progresses.
THE SUNDAY
I A | j OCTOBER 15.
V_^7 \L— L-- i 899.
Romantic Death of Lola Alvarez, j
A San Francisco girl who fella-wed" her
lever ta the *:'•: Indian war-
"BOSTON TO THE BOERS."
Jcacjuin Miller's latest - rem
OUR MILLIONAIRE BACHELORS. ZSZXd
How John Morrisey Grew From Circus
Boy to Prince of Vaudeville Managers.
THE 'VARSITY TEAM LN TRAINING QUARTERS.
As seen by a Sunday Call wcsian.
Way Doa't lcs lan a lift j Miss Buy. Hall, tie Woman Full
CMaese? I tae BcaatiM Anns. '
MY EXPERIENCES ON THE FIRING LINE.
By mss. BOY.
A PAGE OF NEW YORK'S LATEST FASHIONS.
Ttie Closing Chapters of "Active Service — Ocme«t;c; So. one*
and a Ho»t of Good Stories.
CHIEF OF THE PRINTERS
TO ARRIVE HERE SOON
SAMUEL EP.ATTON" DONNELLY, president c? the International Typograph
ical Union, will visit the Paeirlc Coast shortly. He U expected to arrlv*
from Indianapolis. Ind.. en Saturday morning-. During hia stay in this city
he will be entertained by San Francisco Typographical Union No. 11. and
a committee of fifty of itj members haj be^n gamed to receive . . ■ i.: '—
Oakland Prts-BB
comes en a I
when '.~.:.;BB
is in :.-.sBB
point aBB
.; ;:i = t.BB
B^ Donnelly H
H
-. -H
■-: ■
'I
I
over '.. 'I
'I
~ I
- H
I
:i:r.r.-r. :i-B
m-.B
■" - ; ■
was *'"^H
"rii-rBJ
He :r H
- - ~~-= H
I
H
a. I
evila - - :i 'BB
H
possess* I
:.^"/BB
call-; :BJ
upon to adjust many .ilffer-ncea twt-w«»n »mrjlcyer and employe which fca^ re
cuired skfUfaJ administrarion. and tact.
The blank form of application for mem
fcershlt) Is this:
Horace Davis Central Club, headquarters
History building. TS Market street— l • here-.y
a^ree Co become a member of tne "Horace
Cavls Central Club." and w£Q use my best en
deavors to elect the Hon. Horace Da. via Mayor
cf San Francisco.
San Francisco. October, 1333-
Name. Residence.
Republicana who ?ave Mayor Pheian
support in two campaigns are daily earn
ing into line for Horace Davis. They per
ceive that they cannot vote for Pheian
under conditions now existing without
tending tresuge and power to the political
or?aniiitioci to which the Mayor belongs.
Mayor Pheian himself publicly proclaims
the doctrine: '".We ail have to be party
men now. We can't go before the people
and say we will do thus and so."
At th* election last year, before the
prtmaxy taw and the Kfckard ballot law
wer*- enacted, voters could safely take a
margin of chance. For example last No
vember when there was a close eai! for
Pheian many Democrats traded, giving
'- Democratic vote for Gasre tn return for
a Republican vote for Pheian. In the
process Magotre on the Democratic ticket
and Pattoa in the Republican household
got the att in the neclc but there will be
no trading In the coming election.
Judge Schelh chairman of the Repub
lican "convention's committee on vacan
cies. is out of the city and the two Super
visorial vacancies will not be filled until
Saturday. The list of applicants is large.
The Republicans wtU hold a grand rati
fication meeting at Metropolitan Hall
Saturday ever.iryr. Horace Davis will ad
cress the people.
The Election Ccmmissitners yesterday
adopted the following resolution:
F.es*i>t r eoL That pursuant t? swrtion I^3t. Po
litico! Code, and section i. enaper i art : i
XI of thie ne -^ charter, the fsllowin^ are
the offices to be filled at the municipal elect;
pope held on Tuesday. Xovcaber 7. :•..■■
wtti. Firrt. May;r: second. Auditor: thiri.
A«sessiri r :urta. City Attorney: rifth. S&ertfi;
1.- • 7u CoCector: seventh. Dreasarer;
Recorder; ntrrtn. County Cierk: teatb,
-~i-- ■ "•- _k;1 -r- r : eleventh. Coroner: twelftn,
Jv "'"". "x_"-— aiatratar: thirteenth, eighteen su
perrtswap: fixrrteefita, Bwr Police Judges.
Registration for the election closes to- ;
nlsht. The office will be open until mid
•sAU citizens who have changed their resi
dence since the last general election are
reQufred to re-register before they can
vote.
cdl citizens who were not registered for
the last ; general or primary election are
re*ruired to register Cor the next election.
The petition of the Social Democratic
nar-y has been accepted by the P.egtstrar
oflvoters and the ticket placed on the
official ballot. Following- fes the ticket:
For Mayor— A. K. Cobum. *UI Hyde street
v- r Auditor— Frril Liees. 2WJY-* F'.limo.re street,
fij- " Assess."' - — H. Wameoke Jr.. S Freeloa
str-e 1- " For Treasurer— Ernest Kcer.iir. 11.13 M.s
stoni street. Fo- SherlnHrGeorge Etaxnmer. 34
aastin street For Tax Collector— Valentine
Brttton. tEa Mission street. Fcr Recorder—
j.u r y-;z a nt. 103 Perry street For County
CXerfc— Mark; Bartlett, - w Na*ntn street For
C.-ron»r— Emil Bihm, aol Minna street For
Public Administrator— Arthur P.. Andre. 113.)
Mission street Fcr District Attorney— »V_ C
ghegarg. '—IS Market street. Sup*»r-.isors— Max
31..i-h XU3 Mission str°et: Aognst Iten. 321
M-.nt'iomerv street; Rofeert Ooldsohrnidtt. ISIPi
M-na. street; John Carter. 34fl Pennsylvania
a venae: H. Wamecke 5r.. * Freelon street;
J'Plius inderwtcs, TOT Mission street; Joseph J.
THE SAuS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1899.
N'cel. Z3^.~i Mariet street: Charles A. Wolff.
~i~; Lanston street: J. E. Scott. U Grant ave
nue; K. Ragencfongit. Slfffl SLiteenth street: Ao
snst Meyer, i.a Perry street: Freii Stahimaii,
<il7 Eroant street: Georze Keck 1113 Bryant
street: George Steir.bacii.. TOT Missioa street:
Jchr. ftrnp, r^li^ Market street: Joseph Ruef.
i:. Perry street: W, E. Btttterfleld. VHS Market
street; Alfred Fischer. 772 M.-saiou street.
HORACE DAVIS INDORSED.
Continental League Pledges Its
Hearty h-urpport to the Re-
publican Nominees.
There was a large and enthusiastic
gatfcerins of Republicans 'at Saratoga]
Hall East night at the meeting of the Con- ,
tinentai League. Frani D. Worth, the .
league's president, occupied the chair.
After disposing of routine matters. Amea
Currier, chairman of the executive com
mittee, submitted the following resola-j
u:r.s. which were adopted unanimously:
Whereas, The people of Si." Francisco will ;
be called upon ins.di of toe next thirty days
to eiect an entire set of emsirfpai officers inti
whose hands the destinies of tile common 'vealrh
■v entrusted fee tie next two rears, and.!
, may te tor a much io-n-rer period under the
conditions of the n#w chjr.^r. which wilt jro
i.-;.i effect CO tire first day of next January;
and
VETS ;r?as. The Republican party has at all :
times £n its history been tie party of rroarre-^s
and crieperitT and is t*-4ay what it was in I
the gays of Afcraaam Lincoln, tne frt-n.l and
protector of the honest laborer, and its nomi
ne-. far jfc]g office of Map >*-. Ran. Horace Davts.
;.- • ! Kinsufshed ttfcsself whole a E*3fc»r of
Ctrffgress agatost the imp. --cation of Chinese
slaves into tse Catted States and particularly
into California that ; t Is the duty of every
warftiaganaa ta Saa Franefeeo to support h.ra
-: that food moßtlted capitalist wn. cc
creare.jt good :i Ir fesonccigg those who dis- •
.I .— -t -v :;; Max, both within and without his :
own party; therefore be It
Kesoived. That the bombastic assurance of :
the Democratic Mayor in credittnir. himself ;
•v::i .;.: ". ! :' :o virtue in this municipal! 1 :/
surprises even h. * meet enrhus,.istic Democratic •
admirers, Ser it ts well known that the aera
tion ef forming a re-v charter for this city :
was advocated by the people and the pub-ire ;
™t»*i fce'ore he ever entered the political Se'.d:
the Bcari of Freeh.;!. ters that framed rhe doc
ument, was composed mt citizens cf all shades
of poetical cc'.r.:--rs. and at a special election :
it was carried by Sees than one-Sfth of the '
registered voters of the c.ty and county, wtn
prsins meters of every political party. Mayor
Pheian probably cast one vote In favor of its
adoption, as ::d the Hon Horace Day's, the
esteemed nominee of the Republican party for
May :r. an to that direction honors are easy. ,
tVe* now re-tceot'ully re»r:est Mayor Fhelari ta
point to any -n-.provemert of importance dur- •
ir.z his ad-tir.istncion that ottgrtnated with
atnwetf. T: our knowledge ait the Important
irr.cr- yemieata adopted and executed were re-:- ;
otrmer.ded Bqf the Menhants" As&;c;at:'on, com- ;
rose«i mostly of Republicans. He s-moly aa ;
Mayer useil his power tj farther their recrjnt- :
m-'.-.dation. which any other man elected as '
Mayor wtraM have done. In reirard ta the new
--:.- iary law which has proven such, a b'ess
tag to the sanest voters cf this city, it was
conceived and frame.* by a Republican, passeii
by a Republican Legislature and approved by ■
a' P.epotiioan Governor, executed "*y a Repub
lican. Election Cuutmlaaton and by a RepubU- i
can Retr;.«trar. If Mayor Pheian and his Dem- i
ocratfe party can aqaeezc any oorrd :rt out of j
that let them and fc*» It further
P^^-lve-i. That the Continent.il League - ■-. l
heartily indorses the nomination cf the Hon. i
Horace Davis for Mayer of the city and county
of San Francisco and all of the nominees cf j
the F.eni:hi:can municipal convention: and that j
we pledie our hearty support to the entire P-e- j
publican" ticket darics the comutg campai<ra.
A Campaign Club.
The friends of Alfred J. FrftX aosof^ !
nee for Police Judge, met last evening
and organized a club for the purpose of
managing his campaign. Gmcers were
elected and an executive committee ap
potated as foQcws: President. Alfred A.
fenrlini; vice president. John D.. Mahoney:
secretaries. Louis H. "Ward and John J.
Van Nostrand; treasurer, Joseph Green
berg.
Executive committee — John J. Barrett.
chairman: Thomas TV. Htckey. S. V. Cos
teEo. Grattan D. Phillips. •■■■:--
John S. Drum. P. A McDonald. J J. Mc-
Carthy-. Eugene F. Lacy. ■.-■ --■*■ Nu
cen. Fred Waerner, D. J. Sheehan. Dr.
A. H. Giannini. J. J. Lerman. A. G. Ma
guire, Dan O'Cailaghan. Antcne Pilco
vtch. Harry Kelly. George Hildebrandt.
Dr. W. H. Siefcerst. P.usseU P.. Martin.
Joseph Laih. J. C Nealcn. Judsre N. S.
Bradford. John Brem. W. J. Wtiliams,
Philip J. LawEor. William Maznire. Judge
James G. Quinn. E. P. Shortaii, E. C.
Fisher, John T. Williams. William J.
Egan. Richard Garcor. Ed Franks. Jo
seph Hotter. Fred Mack. J. F. Tyler
Charles A. Sweizert. John L. Kerget,
George Dennis, William F. Humphrey," T.
I. Fltzpatrick. John Bowen. Matt Breen.
Thomas Grennon, A. H. Meiletz, James
Crcnin, John H. Millzner. Peter Dunne.
Walter F. Murphy. John T. Sullivan.
John Cooney. Bernard J. Hyland. Richard
V. Curtis. William Ring. Charles D. 11 --
Gown. Livingston Jenks, Eustace Culll
non. Harry I. Mulcrertvy, John F. Mc-
Guire. Thomas W. Burke, W. W. Flnnie
and John W. Lewis.
The next meeting cf the club will be
held at Native. Sens' Hall Saturday even
ing at S o'clock
Fansies and husks— Thought and work
produce wendrous results. Atchison
(Kans.) people take notice. "Keith's"
window, SCB Market st_. Pteian building. •
MURDERED HIS WIFE.
Charles H. ?.::'- xr-iscn Is Instructed
and Arraigned hy Judge
Conlan.
Charles H_ Richardson, saloon-keeper,
343 Howard street, charged with shooting
and killing- bis wife Ellen. Tuesday night,
appeared before Judge Condon yesterday
morning and was instructed and ar
raigned- By consent the case was con
tinued till Friday morning, pending the
resell cf the Coroner's inquest.
Richardson will claim that he shot in
self-defense, as his wife had armed her
self with a buegstarter. and would have
killed him if he had not defended himself
by shooting her.
Hctei Baltiraore, Van Ness *T»r-ae and Geary
street; eiesant sunny three -roam suite and
bath: also bat sad cqM salt water bams. •
St. Brendan's Fair.
St- Brendan"3 Church fair win last
through the present week. Last evening
St. Brendan's booth entertained under the
direction of Mrs. B. MclnhllL assisted by
Mrs. P. Kelly, Mrs. Reed, Mrs. E. God
frey, Miss Helen Donovan. Miss Kittle
Miller, Misses Mary, Grace, Helen and
Bertha MclnhCl and Miss Mary Leary.
This evening the ladies of the Children at
Mary and tie choir booth will tarnish m
pleasing programme.
DIRECTORS DID
NOT STAND FOR
CONLON`S BILLS
Demanded His Resig
nation Instead.
Althecgn they received no verbal cr
public eastfgatfen at the hands of their
confreres. School Directors Cordon and
Ged^e were last night deprived of all
authority in the Supplies and Braidings
and Gronnds committees, and hills
amounting to over JUI.C-CO contracted by
them without authorization were repudi
ated by the Finance Committee of the
Board of Education. In Cordons case the
committee went even further; it called
him into an executive session held imme
diately before the regular meeting was
begun and requested his resignation from
the chairmanship of the Suopiies Com
mittee. Condon, however, was* forewarned
and had determined to brazen it cut. The
committee's pointed request was refused.
The condemnation of Gedge and Cordon.
occurred during the executive session-
There was no- demonstration whatever in
open meeting, merely the submission of
tne motions and reports decided upon in
close conference. Chairman Hcdhrook
had charge of the manipulations and he
opened by moving to rescind a motion
made by him two meetings before order
ing paid aii July and August claims
against the department. He explained
that at that time there were claims out
standing of which the board had no offi
cial knowledge; and these the Finance
Committee wished time to investigate.
His motion was carried, and then he
moved the payment of another list which
he submitted, and which included also
legal claims for September.
Geilge got anxious, and wanted to know
if Ji*.ii was included in the list for Weber
& Co. HoFbrook replied that there was
not. but that he would provide for it.
With that understanding Gedge subsided
and the new list went through. It or
dered the payment of claims aggregating
about yg.Otai. but on its face did not indi
cate that all «Qt the bills contracted
by Coni.ir. and Gedge during their extrav
agant administration had been honored
by the board.
The truth of the matter was that the
CfiCtJ given Weber & Co. was all that that
nrrn got on claims stacking up nearly
jseuft. For the balance of their bill they
wiU either have to take back their goods
or bring suit. The Finance Committee
takes the stand that the goods were or
dered by Ccnlon and Gedge without the
authority of the board and are of a con
sequence Illegal. Weber Jt Co. disagree
with that opinion and refuse to move the
goods back to their storerooms. Besides
the Weber claims others of different firms
aggregating between SSTSKJ and Ih><» were
also repudiated — enough, in fact, to keep
the firm of GK<ise and Conlon explaining
to their friends, the contractors, for the
balance .... of ocice.
President Bergerot followed Ho!brook
with a resolution equally l- damaging to
tbe supplies committeemen as was the
repudiation of their claims. In effect tt
accomplished that which Conicn refused
to give vp — his resignation — and it placed
the" Supplies Committee and ail others in
which the two affected members had
membership beyond their manipulation.
It reads as follows and was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved. That so committee ct the board
from and aiter tftfa date shall hare the power
CO order any £QOd3 cr merchandise, and that no
goods cr merchandise be soM and delivered to
th* department and paid for by tie board es
cort upon nri;aisir.:oc3 m due Ctu.Ul, first signed
by a majority ct the members at the proper
ccrrmittee and countersi^ne<i by the chairman.
ci the Finance Committee and the president cC
the board
Resolved. That a copy cf thi* resolution be
mailed by tie secretary to ever/ p-aity and
firm bivtcg any d<!aiinifs with the Board at
Educatiiin.
Miss Eleanor McJEwen was transferred
from the Broadway Grammar School to
the Madison Primary School, vice Miss
Olive Bartlett. Miss Olive Bartlett was
transferred from the Madison Primary
School ta the Agassiz Primary School,
vice Miss E. Fredericks.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved ud ordered. That the foils win.? as
signments o( teachers made by the supenn«
tendenc of Schools he and are hereby coniirmetr:
Misa Eh. Caateihua from the Horace Mann
Evening to the Himbcldt Evening- High School;
Miss F. A. Mac Donald from the Etocota Even
ing to the Horace Mann Evening School : C. H.
Croweii from the evening substitute list tJ the
Lincoln Evening School, vice Hiss F. A. Mao-
Don-iUi; Mijs IX. Mr*trtr.-Ich. from the Frankiia
Evening (Class ennaattdaOTl) to tie Sprimr Val
ley Evening, vice Miss A. E. O' Sullivan.
Resolved. That Mrs C. F. Stark, vice prin
cipal of tne H j amt Grammar School, be and
is hereb? transferred ta the vice princir::iL£&,ip
of the Coiumbia Grammar School, vice Miss N.
O'Loughiea. and that Miss N. Q* Lt>u>ruiea be
and ta hereby transferred a3 vice principal eC
the Columbia Grammar School to the vice crin
cipalsalp at the Hearst Grammar, vice Mrs.
Stark.
F.esolved. That the leave of absence
ta Warn Jean Park»r by this board on Septem
ber Z7 be ar.d is tereby canceled.
Resolved, That the action. □; the Superintend
ent ot Sjooota in deducting trcrn i teacher's
"experience" any time chat mar tuvs been.
last fey reason of leave of absence ta hereby
sustained.
Consolidation of classes by the evening
school committee in accordance with or
ders and resolutions of the board resulted
tn the transfer cf the following teachers
to the evening substitute list: Mis 3M.
Macauley from the Franklin Evening
School; Miss A. E. O'Suliivaa from the
Spring Valley Evening School; Miss E.
Ward from the Irving Scott Evening
School; Mis 38. English from the Spring
Valley Evening School; Robert L. Mann
and William Herrod were placed on the
evening unassigued list without pay; Miss
G. Fitzgerald. Miss E. B. Taylor and Miss
A. J Campbell on the evening unassigued
list without pay. One class was ordered
consolidated in the Lincoln Evening
School and also two classes in the Frank
lin Evening School, and one class taught
by Miss E. Mangan. recently deceased. In
the Irvinar Scott Evenin? SchooL
Miss r. M. Roberts was transferred Crocs
the Irving to the Grant schooL
A communication from the civic com
mittee of the California Club- asked the
board to set a day upon which the club
might present to the Rincoa School a col
lection of pictures and busts. The re
quest wa3 referred to a committee.
The resignation of Miss Julia Kennedy
as a teacher in the department was re
ceived and filed.
Short leaves of absence were granted
the folic wing teachers: E. W. Engs. Miss
M. H. Slavan and Miss A Cassarnajoa.
Odd Fellows' Deco rations.
To-day the decoration committee of the
Odd Fellows' golden jubilee win com
mence to decorate the streets on which
the Odd Fellows wfll parade next week.
The route of the precession fs Market.
joinery. Bush. Kearny and out Mar
ket street to Van Ness avenue, where
there will be a countermarch.
"HELLO!"
A Telephone Line to Oar
Contra. Costa WelL
A telephone line win be traflt to
our oil wen in Contra "'■?--• Coun-
ty. Daily buUetins win then be
made and posted tn cur office.
Stockholders can telephone the su-
perintendent there for information.
TWKEN WILL HE PRICE 60 UP?
This Question is asked us daily.
The Board of Directors will crier
an advance at their next meeting.
The price will never be lower than
Jo. It may be advanced any time.
DO NOT DELAY. Remember, -hat
we adtow yon thirty days after pur-
chase to Investigate.
ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application.
AMERICAS OIL AMD BEFIIEHY
COMPANY,
ROCKS E3-E3 PARSOTT BUILDING.
SAN FSANCISCOv CAL.
Oakland CFTTcrs:....e« TENTH st.
CUMINS MID
KELLY ANXIOUS
TO GET EVEN
Angered at the City
Fathers.
Kelly and Crtmmius are -- In arms
against the Supervisors for their action
In turning the patrol wagons over to the
Police Department- For some time past
Chief" Lees has been anxious to get con
trol of the wagons, . it .: was not until
the recent meeting of the Supervisors
that he was able to do so.
As a pretense for taking possession of
the wagons Lees preferred charges
against a parrel wagon driver named
Hoitz. who refused to- do the bidding of
a. police officer. Holtr, in answer to the
charges, appeared at the meeting of the
Supervisors last Monday and was dis- 1
missed from the service. Captain Witt- j
man acted in the role of his accuser, and j
principally on his testimony Hoitz. who \
is considered one of the most expert |
drivers in the department, was told to
seek another job.
Wittman. after testifying to the alleged \
misdeeds of Kcltz. addressed the Super- |
visors en what he termed the necessity of j
turning the wagons over to the Police De- [
partment. He claimed that at times the
drivers were negligent, and could not be j'
found when wanted.
After listening to his statement the city \
fathers, by resolution, decided to dismiss
the present drivers, and authorised Cnief |
Lees to take charge of the wagons. A few j
minutes later another resolution 'was
passed empowering the Police Commis
sioners to appoint fourteen extra police
men to take the places of the dismissed
patrol wagon drivers.
As considerable patronage results from j
the patrol wagons. Kelly and Crimmius
were naturally "sore" when they learned
cf the action of the Supervisors, and they
determined to get even.
Knowing that they expected to appoint j
the men who were to drive the wagons, j
Kelly and Crirnmins decided to circum- i
vent them. Tuesday -_-■■■- visited j
police headquarters and had a long con- !
versation with Chief Lees relative to the |
new appointments. It is understood that !
Lees, who is obligated to Kelly for - 1 _.i - I
ins his son License Collector some time [
ago, promise! to ignore the Supervisors
in the selection of the men who are to i
drive the patrol wagons This means that ]
the Supervisors will have nothing to say i
about the appointments of the new ofs- I
cers.
.--. ?e ~*~* - ■- -• =
. - ■■■ .
•*. ««*-*t -t^ i^-%
am^mW /. -a-.-o - ,-z.^c-M - =
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy.
reTRO of Fios. manufactured by the
Califof-s"la Fis Sr?.CF Co.. illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive p'-inciples of plants known to be
medicinally laxritive and presenting
Shera in the form most refreshing to the
caste and acceptable tp the system. El
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleanalns' the system effectually.
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling- one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting 03 the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
>r irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the --.-■— of a akiring figs
•ire u<ed. as they are pleasant to the
-2Ste. but the medicinal qualities erf the
reined j are obtained from sense s.nd
>ther aromatic plants, by a method
known to the CiLIFORS-iA Fig -TRr?
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the foil name of the Company
printed on the boot of every package.
CALIFORNIA HG SYRUP CO.
SAJJT FRATTCT3CO, CAL.
I^TTsTTT.r.X ST. NZT TORS. V. T.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price ctlo. per bottle
Ipfr, W-Makethej
! f'>S&F\ r Best Snits I
I W \ SUt for I .1 5
, .1 \ tt is a p-ascre
: '. ' { j Af I rfl 1 t&\ ta aSI7 person to I
; , (Jlv j »■■■!■ jerfect-ttt- •
: U//"l L~^^ n re is no {
! -3- 1 i^CUITC litaT the" • wear- J
I JESUITS tod. " they •
; £J j _____ giv» yon an »wk- :
• ffff^\\ fIfiETKE ward feelinj and ■
S Vffl£r}\ I nrCT appearance. :
J v T.| Wf make -.he ;
J fe| test suits for S :
i m per --- teas J
I than other tai- :
• 1110-1112 Market lors. use mar- !
J St. -a - ~-i -.-«••- antee a perfect •
: 201-203 Hants — m fit. :
: St San Fraaclsco. S
; 101 I Washington St. Alt Wocl Suits, i
: Oakland. M 3 30: All Wool 1
• I+3 South ---n* St. Fan's »4 9 j
1 Los Angelea, 1
FornitureiCarpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Dtwiyns is
Car:=ts, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
X?- -n.i-»s 1- --.- on. Complete House ?c:n:ic :j.
Libera, credit extended ta re3ponaihle parties.
Inspection of stack cordially invited. ?re«
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
AKONSOX FCRJSTTTTSJi CO MP ANT,
335=340 POST ST.,
BETW2EN BSOCKTOi MB POWrTT.U
Opposite Caloa Square.
Tetepfeirqe Main 1353.
. A3£USII2aiSTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
It 11 llilHlHm MCXR GLUE—
Winter Meetini. hestnnins i-D-AT, Sep-
*t-mber n. tBBL
laNT F..VT track.
Kacin? Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and ir-iaj-'. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at lil3 p. m. sharp-
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. L. li 3». 1, !:30 and 3 p. St.. connecting
with, trains stapplns at the »ntrance to the
track. Bay your ferry tickets to- Shell Mound.
Ail trains via Oakland Mote connect with San
Patio avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via. Ala-
meda Mole 'connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth tad Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars ya direct to the track ta fif-
teen minutes.
Refer- tn g— Trains leave the back at * ■ and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
rH SCAS H. W7TJ.TAMS TP~ 7re-j .■-_:.
B. B. MILROT. Secretary.
AD *T3ITISE3CE2fTS.
Ov *v'v •■;•♦•;■♦•;• •■!■ »;■»■;■« ; « 2' ♦■;■♦■•,. »~-»~.-»~. ♦ ■;■ ♦ ■;■ * •;■ « ■;■ * v • •;■ » v * ■:■ • ■;■
I
! Superior Goods at Low Prices !
♦
♦
i BLACK PRESS GOODS— STORM SERGE. 47 inches wtfe.
« In two different vales all pure wool; superior value at 60c
■£■ per yard.
♦
J 58-inch Extra Heavy ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT.
. positively a bargain 1: 91.25 per yard.
+ COLORED DRESS GOODS ZIBELINE AND CAMEL'S-
-7 HAIR PLAID*. --: .- colorings, splendid assortment, fron
J SOe to 92 per yard.
♦ MOHAIR CRtPONS. new designs, from cO; io IT »» per yard.
• LAD! iS* UNDERSKIRTS— LADIES' FANCY UNDER-
"% SK : RT.> Spanish aboDCC with doable rufie, special at 75c
-J. each.
♦ LADIES' SUITS— LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS. fa
t, black, _ „_.. M brown cheviot; also tan covert cloth, double-
•r breasted Jackets lined with silk, skirts well made and lined.
.j. at 915 each.
X MEN'S FURNISHINGS — MENS FULL - FINISHED
♦ HEAVY' viERINO -OCXS. tn sanitary gray and vicuna
1 colors; finished with double-spliced heels and toes; a bargain
1 at 12 l-2c per pair.
1 BeaN Extra H-av V Won! UNDERSHIRTS 3- DRAWERS.
♦ in ------ 1 colors and warranted shrunk; very special value at
"V" 75c each.
♦
J 60 pairs 1-A WHITE WOOL BLANKETS nearly -.!! woof.
t a good fabric &s.d nicely finished; special value a; 92.50 per
* pair.
I 50 pairs 11-4 CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKETS, 72
» " inches vide made from i select grade --' lambs wocL extra
~ heavy and very durable, handsome finish; special value at
♦ $5.75 per pair.
♦ '
J
Murphy Building. /
; Car. Miniat. Joses art HOffister Sts,
AjMTCSE3£ENTS.
COLUiMBIA_THEATER.
SD r\ YOU KNOW WHAT
. tt. \J. THAT MEANS
" 3 /V fc» I AH Seats Secured by
II Vi^ L , iJS*-f a pTrt"
— . cm.
li9if^?Sl The Great Comedy
*%w mw \ Success!
7*\ B |^ V ALL THIS'ASD
Tv Rr^ 1 A NEXT WEES-
EDDY TOT --C-— DE tPTTT. PHI H. I
RYLEY BERTIE FOtSTLER ANT
OTHER BIG HITS LN THE CAST!
Special Farce Comedy Prices:
Eveniryys JL 73c. 30c. 25c ;
Matinees.. .........-.......*-..-. -.75c. 50c mi Esc
CAJJFOtNUTiEATEIa^
Limited bppHR of the Young Amer.can
NANCFO'NEIL.
NANCE ONEIL.
.... - of McKEE -..'."- :
TO-NTGHT and SATURDAY H'.::>'iZ
The New -CAMILLE."
Friday and Saturday Nights,
•THE JE-. LS-.-*
Cnmm-ncinz Sunday Nizht. October 15. LAST
WEEK OF Si! O'NEIL preaentinz Sun-
lay Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday and Thurs-
iav N!zht3 and Saturday Stat nee -MAGD-V."
Friday Nizht (only time). "THE SCHOOI FOR
SCANDAL" Saturday Nizht (.by special re-
quest) ••OLIVER TWIST."
POPULAR FRlCES— Evenin?, 75c, Mc and
25c. Matinee. SCc and Be
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
A SPOKT4IEOBS RECEPTION TO
Mat JIM
% PENMAN!
Elezant Scenery and stage Effects.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEES— "A MASSED BALL"
THE BEST BILL IN MANY MCONS-
AN ENTIRELY NEW raOOKABOaB.
DIRECT FROM EUROPE.
FLORENZ TROUPE,
The Berlin Sensational Acrobats.
Howard's ponies, docs and monkeys; fun for
the children and entertainment fcr all. See the
talkinz ocny.
Le Page Sisters. Little Elate. Hawaiian
Queens and a whole bunch of hits-
Reserved seats. 15 cents: balcony. 13 cents;
opera chairs and box eeats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN as.
The public will never cease to entertain a
particular affection for operas like "Gtrofie-
GiroCa." wherein Jelly music and bright dia-
logue unite ta producing a pleasant entertain-
ment. One thirty must be put to the credit
of tile Grand Opera-house and that is the
pains taken In the production of its plays. ;
There is never a hitch ta the performance.
The mountine, costumes and chorus present
always 1 chic appearance. — Alfred Metrzer ta
The CalL
ALL THIS WEES.
"_^.-.-.- Sparkling Comic Opera,
GIROFLE -GIROFL A!
yE BT — BBK- B I ,; " :
USUAL FRICES— Wc. 13c. 35c. 35c and 30c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee ~0.
5-1- c Ticket Odce Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON ANT EVENTNG.
ADGIE and HER LIONS.
HIGH DIVER
ANT A GREAT "A'Ti'Tll SHOW.
TO-NIGHT-
AMATEUR NIGHT!
Amateur 60-As-Yoa-P!ease Match,
■Fnone f.jr Seats. Park 33.
CftFtfiOULOT
VaSaea checked tnu*.
AJffTTSZ^rE^nS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
; GRAND ant: ENGLISH OPERA SEASON!
TO-NTGHTf TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHTt
Rezal Fresentaticc of VerdTs Opera,
"BRNANr
Avedanc, SaLassa, Wanren. Fonari. "j-. l
.inna Llchter. Chaj..otte Beckwith. etc
"Ernani" Repeated Saturday and Sunday
Evenings.
The Beautiful Balfe Opera.
"SATANELLA."
Friday Nlxht and Saturday Matinee.
' POPULAR FRICES 25 and 53 cents
Telephone for •'■■-:■' Bush S.
UNITED STATES ERANCH.
STATEMENT
CF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
6LO3E
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF T~»— 00'. ~-rc-- 011 the Hit **▼ cf
December. A. D. 1338, and fcr the year
endrrz ca that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State cf California, pur-
: suant to the provisions of sections 410 and ill
of the Poiitical Code, condensed as per blaalc
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company .r.. 713,000 3D
Loans on Bonds and Monzazes 1 53.3H 90
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company !«■: 73
Cash ta Company's office :.!«>;<
Caah tn banks T53.K3 S3
Interest due and accrued on Leans.. Bi .3
Interest dne and accrued en Bonds
and Mortgages 4ii» 31
I Premiums tn due rourse of Collec-
tion ....... „ 337.333 01
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance en ..sues already paid 13.353 97
Total Assets — 33.733.5?! ;s
LLiBrLTTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid :." rt IT
Losses tn process of Adjustment cr
ta Suspense 500.355 39
Losses resisted, taciudtay expenses.. 45,353 M
Gross premiums en Fire St«ka mz-
ninz or.c year or less. $3,023,334 IS;
reinsurance 33 per cent. LSrLC7 U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks rum-
ninT mere than one year. H.Qti,.-
Tfi 3-f; reinsurance pro rata MB zi
Amount reciaimabie by the insured
on perpetual fre insurance policies 33.5T3 *3
Liability under ether departments... 93.371 Si
All other demands against the Com-
" pany .... 313.131 71
Total Liabilities . .... 34. 357.385 ii
rNCOME-
V*t Cash actually received rlkl
* Premiums -" •- 34.373,433 14
Received for interest on Bocds and
* Mortgages -------- 125,343 43
F.-Kieived far interest an.l dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans and -era
all ether sources 133.333 33
Received for Rents t-. •c-j S3
Total Income .- -5.300.737 3
E3C P bIND IT G RES. ~~~
: Net asaan at paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $328, T"" 73, losses cf pre-
vious years> * 13.371,333 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -. 972,553 S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc 331. 41
Paid fcr State, National and tccal
tax?* .- . UK. VK »
: All other payments and expenditures 33* MS iS
Ml Expenditures 34.503. 061 W
, Risks and Premiums. ( Fire R:-»ka. t Premiums.
1 1 «__
Net amount cf Risksf i
written, during thel
year .... - S 1777,573,333 | 33,503,573 7-1
' Net amount of Risk3[
expired during the '
year 5K.W8.133 ! 7,400.453 IT
: Net ._ _. ta force!
December 3L H3j I S4.".iTTIJE3 I 7.831.513 73
H. W. EATON. Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOTT. Der/y Manager.
Subscribed and rw^rn to before nte. this 3Sth
day at January. 1333.
W. H. WTLDET. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST,
SAN nus : 1 -
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary,
g*lpD2. BALL'S £EL\TIfiORATO2
?^; IBS Five nur.dred r»»iri for any
sr^ *"j3 case we cannot core. Th.l 3 secret
iJpjm _ ** remedy stops all leases in 3*
$23 Esl hours, cures Emiaßliins, Imp»i-
fjVT 7 ! Ji»u| tency. Varicocele. iencrrtoea.
fe^Ai CJ|B Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
r^^V—J^v^. >la=hocd and all wasting e*-;cj
*— *- jf self-abuse cr >vi"H<y»s, Sent
sealed. S3 bottle; 5 bottles. tt guaranteed ta
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, i-f iand. CaL Also
I tn sale 1- IBT3cs Market st. S. P. All prirata
ttaia auicilr cured. Send fur tree bode.
78
west
BOXERS NOW
AWAIT THE
TIMER'S CALL
Weights Russell and
Van Euskirk Meet To-
Night.
Alter a ucciucti lUU in Uiixing lor aouio
months the National Athletic Club will
promote two bouts In the arena at Wood
ward's Pavilion to-night. Two men well
known here will meet two others who
have never performed here, but who come
with good reputations as boxers.
"P.ufe" Turner, the colored lightweight,
who meets "Jimmy" Reilly, ha made
quite a reputation In Stockton, where he
has met and vanquished many ambitious
boxers from this city. He enters the ring
to-night with the prestige of one victory
over his present opponent. For Reilly it
is claimed he was ill at the time and
should never have tried to keep his en
gagement. He was stopped In the third
round, nature (using to sustain him
further. Possibly taking a line on that
bout betting men have installed Turner
favorite at 10 to 7. He did all his training
at Stockton and came down here ester
day to rest until time to enter the ring.
Van Busktrk. on bis past performances,
has been made favorite over Russell, the
same odds prevailing as In the other bout.
The supporters of each man express the
utmost confidence In their representative,
and some of them must be disappointed.
Van -Kirk has been listed with hard
knocks in the ring and has made a cred
itable towing. He is pronounced in bet
ter condition now ban at any time In his
career as a boxer.
Russell's ability to withstand the buffet
ing he Is bound to receive in the ring la
the point to be- tested. He is credited
with great strength and has been develop
ing cleverness with great rapidity under
the mentorship of Alex Greggains, one of
the cleverest of the light heavy-weights.
Russell has aspirations as a boxer and
must Win quickly and cleverly to-night
In order to get a fair start toward the
elusive championship. He has youth.
strength, cleverness and other qualifica
tions. It will require an actual contest
to develop what qualifications he may
lack.
"Billy" Jordan, who has done duty
times without number as master of cere
monies, will be the referee for both bouts.
_■ ♦ ■
SWINDLED BY BUNKO MEN
William Schneider, a Chemist Fron
Honolulu. Introduced to a Stud
horse Poker Game.
William Schneider, a chemist fron
Honolulu on his way to New York, wa
.he victim of four bunko men yesterda;
:o the tune of $105. They were arrestee
md take:: to the City Prison, wher<
charges of grand larceny and vagran« :
,vere booked against them. Their name
ire Harry Walters. Henry Roberta
lames West and Charles Crawford.
Schneider is a guest at the Russ House
md yesterday morning while at break
'ast in a restaurant on Market street
Roberts introduced himself to him am
old him that a friend of his from Hono
ulu was wailing to see him at a house
22 Powell street. Schneider accompaniei
Roberts :o the house, where he was In
roduced to the three others. A game o
studhorse poker was proposed am
Schneider soon lust $15; all the money h
nad In his pocket. He excused himsc 1
for a few minutes and went to the Rus
House for $1W more. He returned at.
soon lost the $100. He began to realiz
that he had been da;., d, and they gay
him back $10. telling him not to be
squealer. Schneider as soon as lie gO
mtslde notified Policemen Gelmann an
Felds, and they went to the house an
arrested the four bunko men. They ar
ill well known to the police.
■ ■»■ «
LUCKY" BALDWIN ARRESTED
He Is Charged With Violating the
Fire Ordinance.
"Lucky" Baldwin has seen fit to defy
the fire ordinance, and as a result he was
arrested yesterday on a warrant charging
him with violating the ordinal by
erecting i brick wall at Market and
Powell streets without first obtaining tne
necessary permit. He was released •on
$100 cash hail. He was not put to the In
dignity of being taken to the City Prison
by an* officer, DHI when the warrant was
served on him his treasurer put r.p the
cash for his release.
The complaining witness it: the case is
P. H. Shaugbnessy, district engineer.
Baldwin li.id applied for the necessary
permit, which was refused, and he de
termined to test the matter and ordered
the men to proceed with the construction
of the wall. Shaugbnessy saw them at
work Tuesday and promptly ordered
them to ptop, Baldwin agreeing so that
the question could be tested In court.
-. ♦ «
KONACTO ORTEGA'S ESTATE
His Heirs Bring Suit to Revive an
Ancient Title.
An effort to revive title under Mexican
grants to lands in Santa Clara County
that in the old conveyances were bounded
by the P.ancho San Idro, Mission San
Juan Bautlsta; Rancho of Animas and
I.os Llagaa and the Coast Range, and
containing about eleven leagues, will now
lie made in the Superior Court of San
Francisco. Suit was led yesterday la
the heirs of Merced Ortega de Castro.
Sertrude Ortega de Chavoya and Marie
Ortega de Bernal. and other heirs of
Ygnaeio Ortega, who died In 329, leaving
the property in question to his six chil
dren, share and share alike. It la alleged
thai through litigation the rights of the
plaintiffs suffered and that they were im
posed on and led to believe that they had
lost title through erroneous conveyance
and net.-', i The court is prayed to deter
mine the heirs to the estate, and to ad
judge that the defendants. John A. Pel
lows and some fifty claimants, are holding
the property in trust for the plaintiffs.
.~<«~c
The Crystal Hot Sea Bathi.
Physician* recommend the Crystal wnrm sea
water tub and Bw!mx:ni- hatha North Reach. *
» ■«» «
Georere T. Gaden's Will
The will of George T. Gaden, a broker,
who died September 26, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent bequeaths his
estate, which is valued at 51000. '.. his
widow. Mrs Minnie V. ( laden. The tes
tator disinherits his son, George T. Qaden
Jr.. as It-- says that he has proved him
self unworthy of the affection of his
parents.
"Oh,Myßack!"
y^"^\. "IT PAINS IF I BEND OVER."
(9 X "IT PAINS IN TEE MORNING."
f \ «i "IT PAINS AT NIGHT."
ft ■ ***** g«hsl "I AM TJRED ALL TEE TIME."
hi £«7 N3| A WEAK back is A very AGGRAVATE
f»i 2 1>» "■ ln ß complaint. It make? life miserable,
f~ ' \ JB and thousands would be cured if they kne«
y! -iP'TOwiH* how. I'Ustprs give cr.ly temporary relief. 'J
1 £-" -^&Xx( al,y at *"■ Dru KS are often worse than useless.
S.„ }. /^Stf X DR PIERCE S ELECTRIC BELT
S f£'S'\\ < .*m ~s^V \ ** 4^ e Proper remedy for all such distressing
02i' , \^i'<*)wjy\'^^^vN complaints. It warms the back and kidneys
*^ ' ■>*' Ttffc v» iffif. ftt*3s>3\- with a gentle glow, gives the muscles an
U\Vw\\« v X\Vv\ N *W r- ■ JL-JtoJE elastic fueling, and cure* permanently. Ton
\V*\vVv\*\wv^PE^ffiraswScW^ will nev, ' r need another plaster it you will
W^V^'^\^K^^^^^:W f Our'"Dook No. I" fflves price list and full
\\\\ v SAo\vVv^vSaSs^t3S^H t particulars. ("all at otr.ee or send 2c in stamp*
' '^^^^iF PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
. (Medical Dert > 820 Market St., oppostts PsJsM
SB*. PIERCE. Inventor. UoteL San FrajicJjaa.
Sporting Stents from All Over the World.
MAY W FLEW
AROUND THE
OVAL AGAIN
Dr. Sheppard Never Within
Hailing Distance Three
Choices Beaten.
Plying May W showed her dainty heels
to ,'i trio of entries again at Oakland yes
terday. She was held an odds-on choice In
the betting, and came home "on the bit"
in 1:42 Hat. over a track made slow by the
rainfall of the night before. The over
sanguine conceded Dr. Sheppard a chance
to overtake the Calgary mare, but it
looked like asking a great deal of the
doctor. Tie was second Into the stretch,
but at the paddock quit badly, losing the
place to peaked-faced Ringmaster, the
rank outsider of the quartet racing.
The afternoon sport resulted in the
overthrow of three pronounced choices in
My Gypsy, Negligence and Lodestar.
Their defeat was not accomplished with
out a struggle, at.d they were probably
downed on their merits.
Tall and spare Sam Merriweather
turned off another coup in the opening six
furlong sprint for maidens, with Loma
Marie. Jim Bozeman was railroaded back
from Fresno to ride the mare, whoso odds
were hammered down from 5 to 1 to 7 to
2. Bozeman waited in third position
with her to the stretch, and then grad
ually assuming the lead downed Alaska
half a length at the wire. The latter,
away poorly, was much the best. Lou
Key ran third.
The six-furlong dash for two-year-olds
fell to The Scot. The St. Andrew young
ster was said to be Buffering from a re
cently contracted cold, but he evidently
runs best that way. My Gypsy received
the select support and should have won.
Unfortunately though for her backers.
Coburn, on The Scot, beat the barrier
fully three lengths and last* I long enough
to lead the tirst choice out by a neck.
Ten lengths away Druldess took the show
from Palapa.
Negligence ha? shown such improved
form of late that the Montana horse was
made favorite over Mamie (1 to win the
selling affair at seven furlongs, fourth on
the programme. Blair did take him away
in the had. and a furlong from the stand
looked a possible winner. He tired per
ceptibly the las sixteenth, though, and
Mamie beat him without an effort. For
the first time out Imperious made a good
showing, even though being a distant
third at the finish.
In the hurry to get aboard Lodestar, the
odds-on favorite for the concluding mile
and a sixteenth run, decided under selling
conditions, the previous goo I efforts of
Petal were undoubtedly overlooked. Th
latter mare came from the far rear the
last quarter of a mile, and though Thorpe
on lodestar had ail sails set he was led
out a scant length by the outsider. The
winner closed at odds of ! to 1. 1 »onat r
also came from the wilderness, securing!
the show .
Track Notes,
Owners intending to race at the coming i
Los Angeles meeting are requested to
arrange with Juck Atkin for car room as
soon as possible.
From information gleaned it is said
Billy Bruen may wield the starter's Hag
at Tanforan Park in place of Caldwell.
According to recent advices, Adler-Cella,
Tllle's combination, which had in view
the building of a new racetrack at St.
Louis, has tripped up. Suitable arrange
ments could not be made with the car
companies and the deal is reported off.
Joseph A. Murphy, who will assume his
old position as presiding Judge in the
stand at Oakland, Is expected here on
Sunday next. Charles F. Price and Ed
Hopper will probably not arrive before
November 1. ■"-.. . * , >
The Schorr string, in charge of John I- .
Schorr Jr., will leave Chicago for Cali
fornia on October 21. The stable will be
made up of the following shifty perform
ers: Meadowthorpe, Sea Lion, Jackan
apes, 'lime-maker and F. W. Brode. The
impression prevails that more good horses
will come here this winter than ever
before.
The booking at Oakland is so good that
Hughev Jones said he had written John
Coleman, who Is up the country fishing
to come to town and get In on the ground
On Tuesday Bit of Fashion was an odds
on favorite and ran absolutely last. Yes
terday Dr. Sheppard. also from the Burns
& Waterhouse stable, started, ruling sec
ond choice to May \V, and was beaten for
the ace by Ringmaster, an outsider. It
was the first start this season of each of
the horses mentioned, and on both occa
sions the stable had a good commission
down. After the Dr. Bheppard race
Trainer Mike Kelly was ordered by the
officials In the stand not to ...start any
more of his string unless heft was quite
positive they were up to a bruising race.
In extenuation of the doctor's race Kelly
said the hcrse had received sufficient work
and he felt confident his charge would
finish second, but hardly thought him
capable of beating the favorite. While
Bit of Fashion ran disappointingly, Kelly
says be doubts very much whether the
filly can beat Mldity at the difference In
weights carried In Tuesday's race.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— sir furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward. x
141 Isabelle 109 j 131 Yaruba 9*
30 My Dear '•' 4 130 Rosalbra 1]
l»9 Wyoming 169 137 San Augustine.. 98
20 Don Luis 109, 1-1 Rainier 1..104
118 Irritator — 109|
Second rr.ee— Seven furlongs; selling: four
vear-olds and upward.
| (136) Sorrow 167 146 Rapid i 99
<114)Allcia 104 144 Yule 107
(Hl)Novia 1041 141 Major Cook &9
Third race— and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward"; selling -. Heap.
131 Monrovia 104 127 Ten'rica M
142 Anchored 105! (U7)Stromo 103
Fourth Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up: soiling.
... Lady Helolse.. . .104' 130 Rio Chlco . - S3
' 145 Marplot 197 I*s Horton .... 101
... Whltcomb 107 136 1 Don't Kr.-.jw..104
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; org.
25 Tiburon I'M' 151 Correct 9S
84 Katie Gibbons. .104 137 Charles I„e Bel. 103
123 Polish 112 HI Hohenlohc 112
H9 Ringmaster — 103 141 Heigh Ho IC9
IIS Deerfoot 109
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Wyoming, Isabelle. Rosalbra.
Second race-Sorrow, Novla. Yule.
Third race— Ptrbnio. Monrovia. Tenrica.
Fourth race— Horton, 'Whltcomb, l Don't
Know.
Fifth race— Polish. Heigh Ho, Tiburon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899.
TOM SHARKEY AND BIG BOB ARMSTRONG.
© T t J ITH the date of the championship battle between Sharkey and jef- 0
>■ \l\l fries but a fortnight off, the heavy-weight boxers have settled down to jj
0 ¥ V t ie hardest of training. Sharkey has been doing light work for V
ir months past. in anticipation of his forthcoming engagement with the A
5 world's champion. Jeffries has been unusually industrious, as he gained in X
Q weight during his tour on the Continent. He will have, for the second time, O
-*- the services of clever Tommy Ryan. The latter Is credited with having made ♦
O bo great a change In Jeffries' style before the latter's meeting with Fltz- 9
X simmons. Sharkey has the services of ' big "Bob" Armstrong, the colored J
X heavy-weight, whom he can bustle about to his heart's content. His spar- *
Q ring partner has to take many hard knocks; the sailor goes In for heavy hit- q
+ ting and fast work. a
O o
O+O^OKHOKH O ♦ o*o+o4o4o+o+ O+o+o+o+O+o+ 0+ O+o+O+O+O+©
ST. LOUIS SECURES
A LARGE ADVANTAGE
INTERSTATE COMMISSION TO
DELIBERATE THERE.
Coast Must Fight in the Territory of
the Enemy Next Month for Its
Trade.
The St. Louis jobbers have won an im
portant point. The Interstate Commerce
Commission has decided to meet in St.
Louis to hear the suit to make graded
rates from the Atlantic seaboard to St.
Louis, to do away with Pacific Coast
terminals and to abolish the differentia!
between carloads and less than carloads
to the Pacific Coast. News was received
here yesterday that the commission will
not hear the suit until November 13 in-
stead of upon October 30, as originally as- |
signed; also that the Washington meet
ing has been given up and the entire
hearing will take place In St. Louis.
In St. Louis every newspaper that the
Commissioners lake up will naturally take
the home view of the suit and will pour ;
hot shot Into the Pacific Coast Jobbers
who object to having their business taken j
away. In addition to this all the resources j
of the St. Louis and Chicago jobbers will i
be easily mustered, and at small expense
at St. Louis, so that the number of wit- j
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, October 11, 1899— Sixteenth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
nesses that the Middle West can muster
will be limited only by the willingness of
the Commissioners to listen.
On the other hand, the distance from
the Pacific Coast and the time that must
be expended by delegates to St. Louis will
both tend to limit the number of wit
nesses who can appear to make a case
for the coast, It is no secret that the
wholesalers and jobbers of the Pacific
Coast were pleased when they heard that
the hearing of the Commissioners would
be held In Washington, and for obvious
reasons. The disappointment at the
change is correspondingly keen.
The executive committee of the Pacific
Coast Traffic Association will probably
name an attorney to-day. The subcom
mittee has reported. Until it is known
whether the man they have named will
accept the appointment to go to St. Louis
the nomination will not be made public.
A decisive report may be made to-day.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee yesterday Charles Holbrook and E.
R. Lilienthal were appointed a committee
to visit the banks of the city to collect
funds. This about completed the assign
ment of work for the collection commit
tees.
A communication has been received
from parties in Syracuse, N. V., who see
danger to the trade of the Atlantic coast
In the St. Louis programme. The whole
subject will be brought before the Syra
cuse Chamber of Commerce for action.
Additional communications from other
Atlantic coast points have been received,
among them New Haven, Conn.; Hayden
ville, Mass.; Houston, Tex.; New Brigh
ton, N. J.; Philadelphia and Winsted,
Conn. The outlook is fair for a delega
tion from the Atlantic coast cities at St.
Louis.
CENTENNIAL
STAKE IS A
STRONG ONE
Fast Greyhounds for the One
Hundredth Meeting at
Union Park.
The one hundredth coursing meeting at
Union Park will be fittingly marked on
Saturday and Sunday. A Centennal
stake, for which thirty-two dogs have
been entered, and a reserve stake, with
112, will form the card. The total prize
money disbursed among the winners will
be $1373. The Centennial stake will be run
entirely on Sunday. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Centennial stake, thirty-two George
Whitney's Therein vs. Russell; Allen & Wilson s
Daisy Clair; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs.
J. H. Perlgo'a Controller; H. B. de B. Lopez'
St. Anthony vs. J. H. Perlgo'e Hone; H. A.
Deckelman's Rocker vs. R. B. de li. Lopez'
Whitehead; Curtis & Son's Cash vs. John Ker
rigan's Conqueror; P. J. Reilly' Plow Boy
vs. J. Dean's Gladiator; Sterl & Knowles
Rusty Gold vs. B. & R. Scott's Lord Byron;
E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma vs. T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Nora; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma; T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Tommy Rex vs. J. Mailer's Benlcla
Hey; Handy & Smith's Ida vs. Pasha Kennels'
Firm Friend; J. Shaw's Lucky Dog vs. Curtis
& Son's Luxor; Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose
vs. H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad; T. J. Cro
nin'? Thornhill vs. Murphy & Toland's Pleas
ant Girl; K. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs. Cur
tis & Son's Narcissus: Handy & Smith's Jennie
Wilson vs. R. L. Taylor's Mose.
Reserve stake, 112 does— J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael vs. J. Murnane's Wildwood; Curtis &
Son's Vanity Fair vs. Daly & Sllbeln's Gypsy;
Gus Abercrombie's Victor King vs. J. Jones'
Moonlight; J. Perry's Commodore Nash vs. T.
J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee; J. Jones' Galivant
vs. J. Kennedy's Night Time: N. Johnson's Tod
Sloan vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist; Maher
& Reld's Uncle Fuller vs. P. Cronin's Peg the
Rake; H. H. Gray's Terronette vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Amarosa; T. J. Cronin's Depend On.
Me vs. J. I. O'Brien's Good Time; C. Grau's
Newsboy vs. D. Ford's Anita; Maher & Reid's
Pat Reilly vs. Curtis & Son's Flying Fox: J.
Ronnlng's Dempsey Lass vs. J. Kennedy's
Wine West; Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island
Boy vs. D. Cronin's Swinnerton; G. Burfelnd's
Royal Prize vs. T. J. Mclnernty's Regina R;
John Charlton & Son's Dolly Varden vs. A.
Massey's Hadiwist; D. Kaher's Belle of Mos
cow vs. I. F. Halton's Tic Tac; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Wonder vs. D. Cronin's Counterfeit; J.
Dennis' The Devil vs. Aeneld Kennels' Bona
Dea; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara vs. T. J. Har
rington's Beau Peep; F. C. Mack's Black Patti
vs. J. Dennis" October Woodcock: J. Mooney's
Silent Treasure vs. R. Pringle's Honor Bright;
J. Kennedy's Ever Shore vs. J. L. Ross' Jes
sica; J. P. Thrift's Forgive vs. T. J. Mclner
ney's Johnny R: Gus Abercrombie's Miss Rich
mond vs. J. O'Shea's Golden Gate (Tiger Lily);
F. A. McComb's Lord Lvtton vs. C. Weiley's
Gaslight; J. J. Edmond's Morning Glory vs.
F. C. Mack's Delia M; D. Connell's Satan vs.
Curtis a.- Bon's Commodore; J. Dickson's Black
Bess vs. H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; Ed
Wilson's Magnet VS. J.Kennedy's Lily Wheeler;
T. Hall's Nonpareil vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's
Wadena; Sterl & Knowles' Frosty Morn vs. J.
Perry's Black Chief; W. 11. Lord's Revolver
vs P. Kerwin's Lady Garnet; D. Ford's
Juantta vs. Lande & Gerber's Onward; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne vs. Curtis & Son's Mc-
Klnley; Curtis & Son's Lass o' Gowrle vs. W.
M He.ilev's Skylight; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Belle Clair vs. J. M. Halton's (names)
Lavender; J. Perry's Redwings vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Random Aim; Isus Abercrombie's Irma
vs. W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Sara vs. F. A. McComb's One Spot;
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas vs. J. H. Smith's Mer
ced; V. Guerrero's Silence vs. P. McCabe's
Skyblue; Curtis & Son's Beacon vs. J. Hur
ley's Star of Cuba; P. McCabe's Bony Boy vs.
F. Chambilt's Rocklin Belle; J. H. Perigo's
Lady Davenport vs. Maher & Reld's Nelly
Bawn; George Burfeind's Pastime vs. R. E.
de B Lopez's Wanda; J. I. O'Brien's States
man vs. Daly & Siebeln's Bbylock Boy; W.
Nolte's Rich and Artless vs. J. Hurley's O X
Capital; Curtis & Son's Cavalier vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs: J. 'O'Dowd's Shoot
over vs. George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket; S.
E. Portal's Laurelwood vs. S. E. Portal's
Sophie; J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste vs. F. A.
McComb's Motto; S. E. Portal's Gallagher vs.
,1. McCormack's White Tip; J. McCormack's
Primrose vs. W. C. Glasson's Joy Bells; Al
Austin's Firm Foe vs. W. Morgan's Royal Lot
tie; p. J. Rellly's Still True vs. Kay & Trant's
Hawker; Pasha Kennels' Rapid Addition vs.
Murphy & Toland's Ornament.
John Ha Hon leaves to-day for Dallas,
Tex., where he will attend the American
Waterloo meeting. He takes Emln Pasha
and Metallic, which will represent the
Pasha Kennels at the meeting.
TIVOLI CELEBRATES
BIRTHDAY OF VERDI
LAUREL WREATHS PRESENTED
TO THE ARTISTS.
San Francisco's Musical Cult Attend
ed in a Body — Jessie Eos
ter's Recital a Success.
The management of the Tivoli Opera
house struck the right chord when it set
aside an evening of the present grand
opera season for the commemoration ot
Verdi's eighty-seventh birthday. If ever
any man was entitled to such honor it
Is "that grand old man who. despite his
age, is still treating some of the master
works of music. There is not one com
poser who can boast of the versatility
in composition and breadth of thought
which characterize the works of Verdi,
.and therefore his name will always be
inscribed in letters of gold upon the
pages of musical history. There was a
festive sentiment prevailing at the Tivoli
Tuesday night. The extremely large audi
ence gave evidence of its delight by gen
erous applause, the performers expressed
their satisfaction by singing and playing
even better than usual and the orches
tra did not fail to contribute its share
to the grand success of the evening.
The laurel wreath presented to Max
Hlrschfcld by Dr. Guldo Uaglierl was a
well merited testimonial of esteem and
an honestly earned sign of appreciation.
And it was also quite praiseworthy of
Mr. Hirschfeld to include in his speech
of thanks the artists, orchestra and
chorus, as prominent factors in the suc
cess of this season. But while the con
ductor was thoughtful enough to mention
Avedanc and Salassa, he should also have
included Anna Lichter, whose energy,
conscientiousness and talent were leading
features during the last few weeks.
Laurel wreaths were presented by the
Italian colony of this city to Salassa. Ave
dane and Anna Lichter. The programme
was a varied one. consisting of the over
ture "Nabucco" by the orchestra, act II
from "Aida," selection from "Rigoletto"
by the orchestra, euphonium solo from
"Macbeth" by W. H. Colvert and orches
tra, the second act from "Othello." the
trio from "Atilla" by Ada Palmer Wal
ker, Thomas Green and William Schus
ter, and the fourth act from "II Trova-
i tore."
The entire performance may be termed
>; an ovation to Avedane, Salassa and Miss
Lichter and. in fact, the whole Tivoli
1 staff, including orchestra chorus and all
artists. On such an occasion it would be
; out of place to criticize in detail. It was
'a festive occasion; let the festive senti
ment not be marred by hunting for dis
i crepancies. It was one of the evenings
1 upon which the Tivoli management may
well look hack with satisfaction.
While almost the whole of San Fran
cisco's musical cult was celebrating
; Verdi's birthday at the Tivoli. Miss Jes-
I sic Foster gave a song recital at Sher
man-Clay Hall. The lady certainly has
; a very high soprano, which she uses with
■ much intelligence and a good method.
While her execution may be rather
i classed among the purely technical qual
. ity, she succeeds frequently to give vent
i to her interpretative faculties. Her voice
i is steady and gives many signs of much
I experience. The vocalist was assisted by
! Arthur Weiss, cellist; Arthur Ficken
i scher, pianist, and Mrs. A. C. Lewis, ac
j companist. ALFRED METZGER.
Boilermakers for Judge Mogan.
The Boilermakers' Association at Its last
meeting passed a vote of thanks to Judge
K. P. Mogan of the Police Court tor the
stand he took in dismissing a case in
which one of its members was arrested
for distributing handbills in the Potrero
A committee, consisting of J. J. Ryan
George Lillie. Joseph Mitchell. J. Furlong'
F. Murphy, J. Kane and B. F. Hall, were
appointed to convey the resolution of
thanks to Judge Mogan. ,-:•-,-
NO CHANGE
IN RATING
OF TEAMS
Oakland Steadily Mounts the
Column and Will Give
Lobsters a Hard Race.
They have met— the Senators and the
locals— and still the same conditions ex
ist. All the diamond cranks In town an
ticipated a hot close fight between the
two leaders, and nothing but disappoint
ment is expressed on the result, for each
team took a game and the third was a tie.
Saturday's match gave promise of some
thing close on Sunday. The great expec
tations were unrealized. In the morning
San Francisco played a game of baseball
that was a travesty on the name. Error
after error was perpetrated on the public,
which rose early to see the leaders and
the seconds fight in hot competition. Both
teams must have enjoyed some sleep be
tween the lapse of the morning and after
noon games if the quality of the game
may be used as a basis of judgment. The
result of the series leaves San Francisco
and Sacramento in the same position in
the percentage column, and therefore the
games at Sacramento Saturday and Sun
day will be looked upon by the ultra-en
thusiasts with as much interest as the last
series.
The phenomenal burst of speed that the
Dudes have been developing in the past
two months bids fair to work ruin to the
aspirations of the leaders. Game after
game the Oaklanders have been plucking
from every team In the league. Sacra
mento managed to hold the surprise party
In check, but none of the other teams
seem able to do it. Dudes and Lobsters
meet in this city Saturday and Sunday,
and Cal Ewing keeps saying "there is
nothing to it." Should the Dudes win :.ll
games they will top Santa Cruz, and move
from a place which they have held exclu
sively for many months.
The standing of the teams is as follows:
In the game on this side Sunday morn
ing Brockhoff at short began to do some
high class juggling. A change was then
made, putting Krug short, Brockhoff third
and Reilly second. Several pretty double
plays after this change has persuaded
Harris to keep the new order of things.
McCarthy will be seen in a new position
with Santa Cruz.
Harvey was taken out of the box Sun
day when San Francisco began dropping
on his curves. Doyle replaced him. but
the fireworks that happened made Harris
happy.
SCINTILLANT IN FRONT.
First for the Czarewitch Stakes at
Newmarket.
LONDON. Oct. 11.— the second day's
racing of the Newmarket second October
meeting to-day the second October Nur
sery stakes were won by J. Relss" Risby.
E. Herbert's Brigadier finished second
and S. S. Scott's Lottie Hampton bay colt
was third. Sloan rode Lord Hare wood's
Free Companion, but was unplaced.
Eleven horses ran the Rous course (five
furlongs). The betting was 100 to S against
Free Companion.
The Czarewitch stakes were won by R
A. Oswald's Sclntillant. W. Wilson's" Er
clldoune and A. Wagg's Mitham were sec*
ond and third, respectively. All the
American jockeys who participated in the
event were unplaced.
Lutetia, with Sloan up. finished first in
the race for the Cheveley Park stakes.
The second and third horses were St. N> -
dia and Sonatura. respectively. Six ran.
The betting was 7 to 4 on Lutetia.
St. Paulus, ridden by L. Reiff. won a
maiden stake. Corceypheus. with Sloan
up. was unplaced in a field of twenty. The
betting was 5 to 2 against St. Paulus.
Sloan, on Sandy, was unplaced in a field
of eleven horses in the Autumn handicap.
Scarlpant was the- winner.
Cycling Handicap Entries.
Through the courtesy of Chairman W.
L. Loos of the California Associated Cy
cling Club's racing board, the entries for
the big ten-mile cycle handicap next
Sunday will not close until to-night. The
entry list already almost equals that of
last year, and Mr. Loos hopes by holding
it open another day to exceed the num
ber. The prizes this year will be in
keeping with those heretofore given and
a fine race is expected. The Olympic
Wheelmen, who had a team race on with
the Sacramento club on Sunday, have
postponed their visit to the capital city
one week, In order that their men may
not be deprived of riding in the ten mile.
Juniors Defeated.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 11.-
The seniors to-day won the first of the
series of interclass football games, beat
ing the juniors 6 to 0 in a hard-fought
struggle which was rife with fouls, er
rors and fumbles. From a scientific point
of view the match was a failure, as it de
veloped neither team work nor strong in
dividual playing. The freshmen and soph
omores meet to-morrow, and the final
game will be played Saturday.
ADVERTISEMENTS. | ■_-_._-_^.-_,-_-_ r
Permanent Cures for Men.
DR. MEYERS & CO CURE Nervous Debility, Stricture. Rupture. Tumors.
Varicocele, Private Diseases, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Kidney and
B adder Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases,
Skin Diseises, Stomich Diseases, Eye and Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases, Rectal
Diseases.
I -n7f 4*&9{ VIV I T/vTa f^^^Sb- t^ST i '33S^ < 25?*k i
AS A mmVm^JivLt^S^^sms.
may be made monthly. l ° be Pald after he is entirel >' we or payments
SPECL%LTY nger ° aS Remed ' eS ° r A ,/ances *W Used. HOME CURES A
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "SS?
TAKE ELEVATOR.. Hours, Bto 5 daily , Ey'e„i„, , ,to 8; Sundays ,to ...
Oast
EXTASY IN
FRONT IN
EACH HEAT
Kentucky Stakes at Lexing
ton Won by Major Mc-
Dowell's Fast Filly.
Special Dispatch to T^ie Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 11.— The Ken
tucky stake was the feature of the trots
to-day. Major H. C. McDowell's grand
filly Extasy was the favorite over a good
field, but there was little betting. Extasy
won handily in straight heats. Results:
Kentucky stakes, for three-year-olds, two in
three, $2000 Extasy won in straight heats.
Time, 2:18%, 2:16%. The Merchant second, My
trick third. Oakland Belle, Betty Hamlin and
Grade Onward also started.
"•19 class, trotting, *:noO— Malzour won in
straight heats. Time, 2:15%, 2:16%, 2:16%. Una
Belle second. Alice Carr third. Cozad. Dart
moor Nut Prince and Baby B also started.
214 class, trotting, $1000— Glory won second,
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:14 V... 2:143*.
"i4>i Fleetwood won first heat In 2:15% ana
was second. Cutting third. Pere Belle, Me
dium Wood, Pilot Evans and Rejected Stone
also started.
GOOD THINGS CUT LOOSE.
Backers of Troubaline Score a Hit at
the Latonia Track.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 11.— Several good
things were turned loose at Latonia to
day Troubaline was the only one that
landed first money. Troubaline was
backed from 10 to 1 down to 3 to 1, and
won very easily. Weather threatening,
track good. Results:
Seven furlongs-Musket won Nunkey Me
second. Margaret Hageman third. Time. 1:31.
Five furlongs— Btrathllght won. Rodd second,
Peter Duryea third. Time, 1:03. <
One mile, selling-Seattle won. Be True sec
ond. Bentley B third. Time, 1:43. „„,„.,
One mile and an eighth, selling-Frank
Thompson won. Kriss Kringle second, Barbee
third. Time. 1:56.
Five furlongs— Troubaline win, Nina ii L, sec
ond. Reseda third. Time, 1:03.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Weather cloudy;
track fast. Results:
One mile and an eighth— Up won. Ram
let second. Highland Prince third. Time 1:56.
Five furlongs— Fidel Youlin won. Maydlna
second. Emma R third. Time, 1:01%.
Sim furlongs— Mocorito won, Canace second,
Montgomery third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile and a sixteenth— Benneville won.
Streamer second, Rotterdam third. Time,
1:45%. „
Seven furlong?- Brownie Anderson won, lo
loco second, Basseda third. Time. 1:27%.
One mile— lmp. Mistral II won, Periwig sec
ond, Prestar third. Time. 1:40%.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— first race at
Morris • Park to-day, a steeplechase at
about two miles, furnished a sorry spec
tacle. Seven horses started, with De
Cameron the favorite at 8 to 5. He fin
ished alone, every other horse falling at
some part of the journey. Foolhardy and
Nestor were remounted by outside bcya
and finished in the time limit. Raymond,
who rode Foolhardy, and T. Donohue,
who rode Nestor, were both badly hurt.
Results:
Steeplechase, about two miles, selling— De
Cameron won. Foolhardy second, Nestor third.
Time. 4:os ..•.. - .'U;\;
.Six furlongs— won, A N B second.
Lady I'm as third. Time. 1:15.
The M.-Orathiana, seven furlongs—
wen Matanza second. Country Dance third.
Time. 1:28.
Seven furlongs— Gold One won, Mauvilla sec
ond. Federalist third. Time. 1:28%.
One mile ßaffellb won, Ethelbert second.
Veracious third. Time, 1:41%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Glorias won, Ban
gor second, Handpress third. Time, 1:4^.,.
DETROIT, Oct. 11.— The finishes at Windsor
to-day were close, and in all but one race the
favorite was in second position when the line
was crossed. Weather threatening. Track
fast. Results: .
Six furlongs, Rpnngwel! won, Ocie
Brooks second, Lady Bratton third. Time,
1:14%
Vive furlongs, selling— May S won. Miss Fon
solland second. Ida Fordham third. Time,
1-02%.
one and a sixteenth miles— Bell Punch won.
Branch second. Windward third. Time, 1:49%.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Mr. Brown
won. Statria second, Northumbria third. Time,
1:08%. „
Six furlongs, selling— Viola X won. To No
Se second. Lizzie Kelly third. Time, 1:16%.
LEADERS VICTORIOUS.
Close of the League Baseball Season
at New York.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ' Clubs W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....9S 46 .681 Pittsburg ...75 72 .510
Uo«ton 94 55 .631! Chicago 74 72 .507
Philadelphia 92 57 .617; Louisville ...73 76 .490
Baltimore ...S3 59 .590 New Y0rk... 58 89 .393
Xt Louis ...S4 66 .560! Washington 52 9S .344
Cincinnati ..79 67 .541 Cleveland ...20 130 .133
XEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The season closed
here to-day with a game with Brooklyn, the
latter winning. The game was called on ac
count of darkness. Score:
Clubs — ?• **. E i
New York - » »
Brooklyn 7 11 0
Batteries— Carrick and Warner; Relay and
Farrell. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly. At
tendance 873.
BOSTON', Oct. 11.— Timely and consecutive
hitting by the locals in the fifth inning scored
the only two runs to-day. Stahl's phenomenal
catch of a seemingly sure three-bagger of
Flick's in the eighth Inning saved at least one
run and probably the game for Boston. The
game was called in the eighth on account of
darkness. Attendance 1700. Score:
Clubs— v -. **• **. E.
Boston * % I
Philadelphia 0 5 0
Batteries— Willis and Sullivan: Fraser and
McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and Dwyer.
ST LOUIS. Oct. 11.— St. Louis-Cincinnati
ball game postponed; wet grounds.FIFE WILL RUN
FOR GOVERNOR
OF WASHINGTON
The Colonel Is Now
Ambitious.
— « —
CHARGES AGAINST WHOLLEY
CLAIM THAT POLITICS CAUSED
THE TROUBLE,
Officers and Men Aw.it the Ac
tion of a Committee That
Is Looking Into the
Matter.
As a result of the troubles among the
officers of the First Washington Volun
teers, during which numerous charges and
counter-charges have been made, the
matter has been left in the hands of a
committee, composed of General : ihton
and Judge Thomas 'Carroll of Washington
and Colonel Duboce of California, and it
is asserted that a determined effort will
be made to have Colonel Wholl. of the
Washington Regiment treed to retire
from the army. it is claimed that the
entire trouble Is due to Whollev's Jealousy
of Lieutenant Colonel Fife and to polities.
Shortly before the war broke out Fife,
who is a Republican and who was a
colonel on Governor Rogers' staff, secured
permission to go to Alaska. While In was
in the north war was declared, and it is
claimed that he received a letter from
Governor Rogers stating that Fife would
be made colonel of the regiment that was
being formed in Washington. Fife im
mediately returned to his State, expecting
to take command, but upon his arrival
there he was told that Wholley. who was
a lieutenant In the army, had been se
lected for th. place. Fife's friends
claimed that Rogers and Wholley are
both Populists and that Rogers gave
Wholley the place through fear of the
politicians. He gave Fife the second
place, however, and Fife admits that he
agreed to be the "bumping block between
the soldiers and the regular army, offi
cers."
The trouble occurred as soon as the
region reached Manila. Fife and a bat
talion went to the Philippines on the Va
lencia, and when they reached Manila
Captain Lane of the Valencia gave the
officers and musicians a "spread. Whol
ley followed on th.' next transport, and
upon lean of Fife's participation in
the "spread" had him court-martialed for
conduct unbecoming an officer, the speci
fications being that he. had allowed the
enlisted men to imbibe too freely and had
himself become Intoxicated. Fife claims
that he was found not guilty at the court
martial but that he was suspended for
thirty days in order to protect Wholley.
iHiring that thirty days he claims to have
shouldered a musket and fought beside
the men.
The officers and enlisted men of the
Washington Regiment are making some
grave charges against Colonel Wholley.
They say that his animosity toward Cap
tains Fortson and Otis resulted in the
former's death. One of the officers, In
speaking of this incident yesterday, said:
"Wholley had no outposts and '.vhen we
were attacked he sent Fortson and Otis
to the front with a handful of men. As
they started to obey the oder F"ortson
remarked to Otis that it was all over but.
the death struggle. rtson was killed
In the first charge, and it Is openly
charged by the men that the result would
have been different if Whollc had taken
only ordinary precautions. When the
fight was at its height Wholley took ref
uge in a church and allowed the men to
take care of themselves."
Lieutenant Colonel Fife is as popular
with the men an Colonel Wholley is 1111
--popular, and an effort will be made to
make him Governor of the State when he
returns Washington.
OLD LADIES' HOME.
Annual Reception and Entertain-
ment to Be Given Friday and
Saturday.
The annual reception and entertainment
given by the board of managers of the
Protestant Episcopal Old Ladies' Home
to the friends of that institution, which
will take place at the home on Golden
Gate avenue, between Lott street and
Masonic avenue, on Friday and Saturday
of the present week, promises to bo un
usually interesting and enjoyable. The
home will be pen both afternoons and
evenings of the days named, the Montana
band and the mandolin club being present
to furnish music.
Mrs. C. E. Gibbs will preside over the
fancy table and Mrs. Alfred Clarke will
have charge of the dainty confections.
The entertainment will be directed by
Mrs. W. W. Sanford and among the art
ists who have agreed to assist In making
the affair a success are the following:
Miss Millie Flynn. Miss Mollie E. Pratt,
Miss Blanche J. Southack, Miss Sadie C.
Rice. Miss Lol J< SSUP, H. M. Fortescue,
Professor Adelsteln, Master Rice and
Professor Hazzard, the ventriloquist.
Saturday afternoon will be exclusively
for the children, .and they will be enter
tained by Professor Hazzard.
The board of managers consists of the
following: Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, president;
Mrs. C. E. Gibbs, vii president; Mrs. G.
W. Kline, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
W. W. Sanford, recording secretary; Mrs.
S. L. Foster, treasurer; Mrs. p. J. Asbury,
Mrs. B. E. Babcock, Mrs. P. Caduc, Mrs.
Alfred Clarke, Mrs. E. J. Lion. Mrs. Al
fred L. Black, Mrs. It. Morrison, Mrs. J.
Newlands, Mrs. A. M. Prlndle. Mrs. M.
A. Ramus, Mrs. J. I. Sabin, Mrs. F. L.
Southback and Mrs. G. Sneath.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All the virtues of
barley and hops are
retained in
Wielands
Extra Pate
by expert brewing.
It is then aged in ice-
cold vaults; then fil-
tered, and — after
bottling — sterilized.
It comes to your
table a health-giving,
health-retaining bev-
erage — acceptable to
the invalid and the
athlete. Quarts, pints, half-pint*.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California nettling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
'beecham's
1 aTWtttt tt £3*. Indigestion,
tt^tttt—tt— s3fe Constipation,
5" ■»■■■■■■ ■Mr Sick Haadaoha. I
] 10 cents and 25 cents, at all drag stores, j
SCOW SCHOONER RESCUING ITALIAN FISHERMEN.
TWO FISHERMEN
PERISH IN LAST
TUESDAY'S GALE
Their Boat Capsized
in Mission Bay.
Two fishermen lost their lives in the
northwester that blew on the bay last
Tuesday afternoon, while two more were
rescued by the crew of a scow schooner
when in the last stage of exhaustion.
Early Tuesday morning Paolo Grasso, j
Valentine Feloso, Matteo M irtino and
Salvatore Lombardo started in the fishing j
smack Pisa for the Alameda mud tlats. j
About 11 a. m. It began to blow hard and
the fishermen decided to return to fisher- I
; men's wharf. The big rug sail was set
I and all went well until the boat was off
! Mission Rock. A heavy squall then struck
the boat and turned her over. Luckily
I the must snapped and the boat came back
''< on an even keel, but full of water.
All the fishermen managed to get back .
Into the boat, but Grasso was in such an
exhausted condition that he died In half
an hour. For an hour the three men held
on, but almost every wave would roll the ,
boat over and then they would have to
clamber aboard again. When the struggle j
had lasted an hour and a half Felos i gave
up and died before his companions' eyes.
Martino and Lombardo were thus left
alone and for three hours they continued
the struggle for life. The wind increased
in force and the waves swept over the j
boat more and more frequently. Just I
when the unfortunate fishermen had !
given up all hope a scow schooner hove
In sight and as soon as the captain saw i
their predicament he bore down toward
the swamped boat. The scow's dingey
was towing behind and in it one of the
crew of the schooner went to the assist-
I ance of the drowning men. Martino and
I Lombardo were picked up and landed at
, the Potrero. from which place they made
' their way home. Yesterday they were
I still suffering from the exposure ana it
! will be several days before they tin g>
; out fishing again.
The Pisa drifted about with the tide
and yesterday morning was picked up off
Point Blunt, on Angel Island, by me of
the river boats and towed back to fisher
i men's wharf. All the fittings and fishing
lines and nets were gone, which will
prove a heavy loss to the fishermen. All
four men were young and single. They
made their headquarters at 10 Union
' street, but yesterday had very lit: to
say about the terrible experience they
i had gone through.
Search parties were out yesterday look
it. for the body of Will Snow-, the Chron
icle marine reporter, who was drowned
from the launch Sybil Tuesday night. Not
: a trace of the remains could be found, and
; the chances are that the strong ebb tide
carried them out to sea. Snow was a
great favorite on the water front, and the
feeling of regret over his untimely end
was widespread.
There are now a dozen transports In
port and half a dozen more k are expected
during the next few days. Last month
the quartermaster's department got away
eighteen transports in seventeen days,
and It Is expected that the feat will be
repeated this month. In order to accom
plish such a task there must be splendid
organization, and Colonel Long and his
subordinates must work in perfect har
| mony to produce such a splendid result.
The transports now In port are the
Olympia, Victoria, Hen Mohr, Pennsyl
vania. Newport, Manuense, Tartar, City
of Peking, Leelanaw and Hancock.
The barkentlnes S. N. Castle and
■ Planter arrived from Honolulu yesterday.
! Both had very' heavy weather off the
' coast and lost several sails while trying
1 to make port.
Joseph Marino was stabbed by Frank J.
iM' traldo, an 18-year-old bootblack, yes
] terday. Marino was taken to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr. Cherry attended to
his wound. Megaldo was charged with
assault with a deadly weapon at the
Harbor police station. Edward Farrell
was also treated at the Harbor Hospital.
j He fell down the elevator shaft at 410^
Mission street and sustained a severe
scalp wound and possible fracture of the
skull. He was treated by Drs. Thompson
and Cherry.
Captain Peterson and the crew of the
steamer Aberdeen are getting great credit
among seafaring men for their excellent
handling of the steamer Aberdeen during
Tuesday's northwester. Owing to the
masterly manner in which the vessel was
handled the bulk of the deckload was
paved and the Aberdeen reached port In
safety.
Harbor Commissioners' Session
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Harbor Commissioners yesterday after
noon. Chief Engineer Holmes submitted
plans and specifications for rebuilding the
south side of ferry 2, including the' spring
line and the backing thereto, also for a
new apron and hydraulic lift. Mr. Holmes
estimates that the lift will cost $2650 and
the apron spring line and backing 19500.
The piles will cost, if ereosoted, 16000, and
with an artificial covering $2200. The sec
rotary was Instructed to advertise for bids
on the contract for the work.
An application was received from J. H.
Payson, president of the Santa Fe Ter
minal Company of San Francisco, for
berth privileges on the Main-street wharf,
to be used in connection with the new car
ferry slip. The matter was referred to
the chief engineer and the understanding
is that the terminal company will be given
the wbOjrf and P. B. Cornwall, the present
occupant, transferred to the Beale-street
wharf.
Attorney Harold Wheeler appeared be
fore the board to urge the payment of the
claim of the estate of A. Page Brown,
amounting to $3700, for services rendered
by the late architect in preparing plans
and superintending the construction of
the ferry depot. As there is but $1500 re
maining in the depot fund there is a ques
tion as to the ability of the board to meet
the demand. In the meantime, however,
the claim was referred to the chief en
gineer to verify, and by next week it is
thought the question of payment will be
finally decided.
The contract with the San Francisco
Timber Preserving Company for treating
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1899.
the plies that are to be used in the con
struction of the new car ferry slip was
signed and the bond of the Fidelity and
Deposit Company of Maryland approved.
'1 he request of the Union Iron Works
for the loan of the State dredger for a
few days was referred to Captain Brown.
A LUCKY SOLDIER.
Grand Army Veteran Wins $1000 in
the Kentucky Lottery on a
25c Ticket.
Edward E. Mealley, a Grand Army Veteran,
residing at 1629 Fifteenth avenue. South San
Francisco, will not have to look forward so
lonpingly In the future for his monthly pension,
for he has Just cashed a quarter ticket for the
$4000 prize In last month's Kentucky lottery.
The vt-teran received his money In full this
morning at the office of the company. •
Books for the Sailors.
Rev. R. E. Steele, chaplain on the train
ing ship Hartford, which is soon to start
on her cruise around the world with a lot
of apprentices, has made a request of the i
public to assist In providing a library for j
the benefit of the young men. In conver- ]
sation with the master of the vessel. Dr. i
Steele learned that the young sailors
would be much benefited if they had a lot
of magazines to read during their leisure
moments, and any of the standard works
and periodicals would be most acceptable.
He says that any contributions of this i
nature can be left at the rooms of the
Young Men's Christian Association build- 1
Ing. addressed In ins care. In the crew of ■
the Hartford there is a minstrel troupe, I
which Is to give an entertainment early |
next month In the Young Men's Christian
Association building for the purpose of I
raising funds to buy musical Instruments. i
Corn Is king in Kansas. See "Keith's"
window novelties ln husks. *
Luigi Daneri Killed.
T.tiisri Danerl, one of the members of
the Neapolitan Paste Company, fell from
the seat of his wagon last Tuesday night
while driving through the Mission and
received injuries from which he died yes
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
— —»— —■•••• .- ■»» »— ■».
Desk Studies for Girls.
This course has been specially arranged
for girls and young women who feel the need
of a more thorough knowledge of language,
books and money affairs. The studies will be
presented under the following heads:
1. NEW WORDS AND HOW TO USE THEM.
2. CORRESPONDENCE AND HANDWRITING.
3. READING COURSES AND A GIRL'S LIBRARY.
4. PERSONAL ACCOUNTS AND MONEY AFFAIRS.
5. WRITING FOR PUBLICATION.
Shop and Trade Studies for Boys
Boys and young men who are ambitious
to advance their positions will find that an
evening or two a week spent upon the
studies of this course will be .of the largest
value. The work will be divided into five
departments, as follows :
1. ARITHMETIC OF THE WORKSHOP.
2. DRAWING FOR MECHANICS.
3. ARITHMETIC OF THE COUNTER AND OFFICE.
4. MONEY PROBLEMS AND BUSINESS RECORDS.
5. MACHINE DRAWING AND DESIGNS. '
..»•-•-•....•.»».....♦- ...>•..»..........#. -».-«■ ..»......»
These curses will be published on Wednesdays, beginning Wednes-
day, October 18. An examination will be published at the close of the
course in February as a basis for the granting of certificates. Address
MANAGER HOME STUDY CIRCLE,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, CALL BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
terday morning in the City and County
Hospital. Tho deceased was a native of
Italy. 42 years old, and resided with his
family at 1107 Kearny street.
IN MEMORY OF WILL SNOW.
Resolutions of Sorrow Adopted by
the Call Local Staff.
At a meeting of The Call local staff,
held yesterday afternoon, a committee
was appointed to draft resolutions of sor
row and respect In memory of Will A.
Snow, who was drowned in the bay Tues
day night while in the line of his duty as
a reporter for the Chronicle. The commit
tee reported the following, which was
adopted and ordered sent to the city edi
tor and local staff of the Chronicle:
In memory of one of their brothers, cut off
In his prime In the pursuit of his profession,
the members of The Call editorial staff take
this occasion to testify their sorrow at the
death of Will A. Snow, late of the Chronicle,
drowned October 11 In the Bay of San Fran
cisco. To every one of them his loss is keenly
felt and strikingly brought home. Out of the
blackness of night the band of death has
reached Into their midst and pulled him down;
and, with their feeling of sorrow, is one of
the Inscrutability of that choice To every one
of them he was more than the fellow worker,
more than the occasional friend. A compara
tive recruit to the journalistic ranks, he had
already won more than passing praise for his
worth. Ills honor was unquestioned, his ability
an.', faithfulness and success ln his calling were
not only acknowledged, but commented upon.
His life was an open book In which there ap
peared to be many leaves still to be written.
That book has been closed. His soul has
winged Its way from the waters that may
never yield his body, but sorrow for his fate
will ever dwell in the hearts of those that
knew him.
To the bereaved parents, the members of Th"
Call editorial staff extend their sympathy: to
the collegians who loaned him to -Journalism
that he might become one of Its noblest work
ers, they give that unobtrusive clasp of the
hand that testifies deep grief. For themselves,
they bow their heads In his memory.
■ ♦ ■
Duck on the Rock.
Duck on the rock Is a fine game for boys, but
roast duck, especially at the Zinkand, is en-
Joyed by everybody. • ■- -••
TROUBLE BREWS
IN THE DAVIE
EXPRESS LINE
Ex-Mayor No Longer
the Manager.
— —
DISCHARGED ON THE FIRST
•
HE PROBABLY WILL NOW RUN
IN OPPOSITION.
«
Old Concern Is to Be Incorporated
and Lively Fighting for Trade
Will Ensue — Davis Is Ac
cused of Sharp Practice.
There is trouble in the camp of the
Davie freight and express lino of
steamers that run between San Francisco
and Oakland In opposition to the South
ern Pacific. . John L. Davie Is out. The
other members of the concern say he was
discharged in October, and now Oakland's
ex-Mayor rxpects to make it interesting
for someone. •"';'. V-"
Incident Davie is going to establish
another ilne of steamers and In a few
days he promises to have the Emma run
ning in opposition to the Mount Eden. At
the same time he is making a bold bid
for everything belonging to the Davie
freight and express line he can lay his T
hands on.- Yesterday he sent men to the |
Clay-street bulkhead to put a telephone j
in the office in his name. He lays claim
to the berth used by the Mount Eden,
and George E. Roland, the principal
owner In the concern, was before the
Harbor Commissioners yesterday to lodge
a protest. He was told that Davie could
not have the berth, and that If he started
the Emma on the route another location
would be given him.
A few days ago Davie put a "scratch"
crew aboard the Emma and took a cargo
of cement from Mission-street wharf to
Oakland. The stuff was contracted for
by the Mount Eden, but Davie bundled
the 330 barrels aboard the Emma, carried
It to Its destination at Oakland and col
lected the freight on it.
The Davie freight and express line
was formed about six years ago by Cap
tain M.Andrews, then master of the Stock
ton steamer Dauntless, George E.Roland,
then chief engineer of the T. C. Walker,
and A. B. Dorell. then purser of the
steamer J. D. Peters. About that time
the Davie 5-cent ferry had collapsed for
want of sinews of war and John L. Davie
was deprived of his chief hobby. The
three gentlemen named wanted a name
for their new freight line, and thinking
Davie one to conjure by, got his consent j
to name it the Davie freight and ex
press line.
Davie had no interest in the venture
save that he was to get a commission on
any business he might send to the boat.
The steamer Emma was purchased and
lilt on the route. At first she did not
prove a paying venture, as the general '
public seemed to be tired of Davie and j
anything with which he was connected. :
Dorell and Andrews sold out. and Cap- '
tain P. A. Johnson and Frank Davie, a
brother of John L. Davie, bought in. The
ex-Mayor was made manager of the con
cern, and while he had no money invested
in the line, still he got the same pay as
Roland, who was engineer of the vessel,
and Johnson, the master.
Things ran along In this way for years
and the Davie freight and express line
grew and prospered. The Emma became
too small for the trade and the Mount
Eden was purchased. Roland put up all
the money and John L. Davie and Cap
tain Johnson were each given an option
on a third interest in the vessel. The
Emma was used as an extra boat, but a
short time ago there was a chance to
! sell her and after the sale was consum
-1 mated the trouble began.
"The Emma was not for sale," said
George L. Roland yesterday, "but Davie
came to us with a letter and said he had
a good offer for the old boat from Stock
ton parties. I did not want to let her
go at the figure, but Johnson and Frank
Davie thought it would be as well to let
her go and get a better boat. I gave in
and the money was paid over by Davie.
With his share Johnson paid for his in
terest in the Mount Eden, While Frank
Davie took his and retired. Soon after
this I heard rumors about another line
in opposition to ours, so I began to make
inquiries. I found that the Emma had
not gone to Stockton, and on looking up
the records in the Custom-house I found
she was in the name of John L. Davie.
Then I found that Davie was trying to
get our berth in Oakland Creek, so I
thought it was about time to act. I noti
fied Davie that his option on a third in
terest in the Mount Eden would be re
pudiated, and that his services as man
ager of the Davie freight and express
line were no longer required.
"Davie retaliated by telling me that he
would lay claim to our berth on the San
Francisco water front and to our office
in the Clay street bulkhead. Yesterday
he sent linemen down to put a telephone
In our freight office, but Captain John
son threw them out. Thinking he might
attempt to run the Emma Into our slip, I
went before the Harbor Commissioners
to-day and they told me Davie could not
have the Mount Eden's berth, but would
be accommodated elsewhere. We had a
contract to carry 336 barrels of cement
from San Francisco to Oakland, but Davie
took the stuff aboard the Emma and de
livered It. However, we will let that pass,
but Davie has now nothing whatever to
do with the Davie freight and express
line.
"Hugh S. Dimond now has an option
on the liii". and If the deal goes through
a new company will be Incorporated with
Mr. Dimond at the head of it. A larger
I and faster steamer will be added to the
I fleet, as the amount of business we are
I now doing demands it. Captain John
son and I will remain with the venture
and I don't think Davie's opposition will
do us much harm. He threatens us with
1 injunctions and all kinds of evil, but so
I far we have checkmated him and are sat
isfied."
I Investigate First! I
Buy Oil Stock [
! Afterward! I
?: ?
jj Is the manner In which all prudent [
j Investors would proceed, for the fol-
lowing of that course would ob- *
i viate all necessity for rectifying £
mistakes should they occur. They I
I will inquire whether or no a com- jj
! pany is operating on OIL LAND; '>,
if there are any wells near; m
; what the probable net return would a
i be from the product of the wells, <
Band, finally, if the capitalization of j
M a company would permit of the i
I small shareholder ever receiving a g
1 DIVIDEND OF ANY SIZE. ' (
a We answer YES to all these ques- £
tions. Let us PROVE IT to you. !
3 Until further notice stock will be \
1 sold at $1 per share. ;
i — ;
i Pamphlets and map for the asking. «
| SAN JOAQUIN I
I OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
I 38 Crocker Building. 1
1 Open evenings from 7 to S. j3
& visit DR, JORDAN great J
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
9 Sfc 1051 mssT ST. **'" 6th*?i, 2 ' rCil - A
T Or The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m m^Lf^ta_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
k. BSn disease pemltlwrlyroredhy the: oldest T
£ ff"? S3 a Specialist c a the Coast. Est. 36 year* 0
A J*** A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES £
\ W wBf3)B Consultation free and strictly private. \
A I X§<et H Tr« I'.ment personally nr by letter. A £
W a Jar Si If '*••'•»* Curt in every case undertaken. T
AT I lift Write for Book, rDILOSUPOYcI A
TI II \\n MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. ( .\f
X ft 111' valuable book for mm) \
9 »B. J«BDAS4t'O..IKI Market St., S. F. 9
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. ISi'S, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and fill of the
Political Code, condensed -as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ln
Cash ._ $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $249.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 846,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,621,300 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 81.850 00
Cash in Company's Office 0,511 51
Cash in Banks ..' 137,903 93
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,978 16
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages .......:....... -•••••• 11,166 88
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
-1 tion 265,500 57
Rents due and accrued 225 00
Total Assets .$5.227.336 V)
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $14,025 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or ■> :^-- _
In Suspense 146,833 39
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,725 00
Grc*s premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,567,779 06;
reinsurance 50 per cent 783,889.53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,364,-
-626 05; reinsurance pro rata 743,087 51
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 831.311 42
All other liabilities 4,000 00
Total Liabilities : .$2.529.872 73
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,653,905 66
Received for interest on Bonds find
Mortgages 42,647 21
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 165,512 03
Received for Rents 4,457 44
Transfers '• 381,00
Total Income .$1.866.903 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid tor Fire Losses $1,097,631 47
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •••• 881,21191
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 95,490 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • •;• 55.374 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures '96,682 78
Total Expenditures .$1.829.390 17
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,057,599 56
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks. \ Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
year ! $241,551,124 $2.204,f59 Sfi
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 222,384.731 2,187,623 98
Net amount In force
December 31, 1898.... 1 343,575,238 2,932,405 11
R. DALE BENSON, President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 19th
day of January, 1599. THOS. J. HINT.
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA ST.
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgi\
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
General Debility,
Overwork,
Rheumatism,
Bronchitis,
Malaria,
Dyspepsia,
Consumption,
Depression,
Exhaustion
and weakness from
whatever causes
prevented and cured by
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
It is the greatest known stimulant and tonic.
All druggists and grocers. Avoid substitutes, they are
dangerous. Duffy's has a proprietary stamp on each bottle.
11 your dealer cannot supply you, a bottle will be sent, prepaid,
on receipt of $100. 6 bottles for $5.10. Valuable book ol
information and testimonials sent on application.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. V,
■ ■■ ' — ■ - ■ -— ■ ■ ■■■< '
Any Oculist
Will Tell
Tou we are careful and competent to fit becom-
ing glasses without slip, tilt or waver with tha
new clip; 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPTiCiANS^ OI > S^m.
642 Market St. instruments
'twain CMOKIC'.t sou nil-
■ 1
p_ ♦-- 4
i The undoubted luxury and comfort, I
' i unequaled cuisine, location and mod- I
' I crate. charges have made the J
| ♦ PALACEmd t
\ grand:
j t "
" the most popular and fashionable ho- "
! " tela In San Francisco. Operated Jointly "
" under one management. Correspond- < '
• ♦ ence solicited. i|
' ii JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, v
1 ii Manager. , i
• •».♦•»•-» <-...•.••.».»•..•■
MAKE PERFECT MEN
j _rfßßj l _ DO SOT DESPAIR! UonotSuf-
iamwKcßk^m. fer Longer! Th.' joys and ambitions of
mwSP^^mm life can be restored to you. The very
Wag mw* worst cases of >' c rvou* Debility »re
*WR ?fW absolutely cured by PERFECTO
.ag TA II LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
UV ■^Tpwß.^.'innia. failing memory and the waete.
i tJO^\^£Jar and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
*Tl/«£3Bb? indiscretions or excesses of early years.
'"* Import vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give >a^ bloom to the
: cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^*T\ young or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy, A* J 6 boxes at
£2. 60 a com Diet.' guaranteed cure ▼jfrnT or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest > *«B»»' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
•yriee by THE rKRFKCTO CO.. Carton Bid-.. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
STATEMENT
OF THE
| CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
' UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia, in the State of Pennayl*
vanir.. on the Slat day of December, A. D.
' 1898, and for the year ending on that day, aa
! made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
' State of California, pursuant to tha provisions
of Sections 610 and Gil of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ...?200,000 00
ASSETS. *
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 360,15109
Amount of Loans secured by pledge *
of Bonds, Stocks, and other market-
able securities as collateral 13,800 00
Cash in Company's Office 1,553 21
Cash in Banks 12,47963
Interest due and accrued on all Stocka
and Loans, cash In hands of agents. 8,980 5]
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 247 SO
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 47,765" 23
Bills Receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,000 00
Rents due and accrued (due from per-
petual Insurance on building) 742 59
Duo from other Companies for Re-
Insurance en losses already paid ...
Total Assets $616, 920 58
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,136 03
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 20,538 83
Losses resisted, Including expenses ... 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $183,520 09; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 91,760 0%.
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $183,160 01;
reinsurance pro rata 100,753 94
Amount reclalmable by the Insured on
perpetual fire insurance policies 33,731 (
Gross premiums on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Time.
Risks, : reinsurance 60
per cent
All other liabilities .11,873 77
Total Liabilities „~... 5263, 793 45
INCOME. *
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $273,862 27
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 843 00
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources <• 18.035 60
Received for Rents 2.34S 47
Received from all other sources 60 84
, Total Income ...$294.652 18
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $39,545 91, losses of previous
years) $199,939 91
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders ; 12,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 51,435 70
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc .42,311
Paid for State, National, and local
taxes 8.217 28
All other payments and expenditures.. 26,105 S3
Total Expenditures ...$310.040 32
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $181,611 97
Risks and Premiums, i Fire Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! j
written during the I
year I $32,547,254 $318,324 99
Net amount of Rlsksl ] ,
expired during thel 1
year I 33,343.920 361,73174
Net amount -In force! I
December 31, 1598..... 1 37.433,6711 371.650 10
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
E. R. PANNELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 234
day of January, 1599.
RICHARD H. REILLY. i
Notary Public . ■
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA STREET, .
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. 0:B0RN, Asst. Mgr.
H'-^aa&mmmm&fiM m % H,s * non-poi«onotj«
<<^I^^%ml remedy for Gonorrhoea,
CCBF^MI Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
M/krWtr, Ito 5 dors. '%& Whites, nnnatural H9.
BftOf tic»r»ntt'-d 'gj charge*, or any inflnn-mfc.
ffafcW not to stricture. tion, irritation or uiccra-
|j*»— -jfPraTeats coutaclon. tion of mucous mem-
EfT^ftTHtEvANS CHEMirtnriO. oranes. Non-aatringent.
ViikCINCmRATI.O .USI SO d fty JhfßMalsto,
<■§! ■- - a jKm or sent in plain wrapper,
JS&tfbb**"' '" LJSfflk D 7 express, prepaid, 10*
*£f&§iStt&&a\ X. '. 01 s bottles, $2.70.
v 'V^Bgg§gPv»' ■ Gircaiar sent urn ree^jj.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local bond interest payable in advance.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and Barley higher and firm.
Oats, Com and Rye as before.
Rolled Barley advancing. Bran and Middlings fin;:.
Hay continues weak and dull.
Beans still rising under a sharp speculative demand
Onions and Sweet Potatoes lower. Vegetables firm.
Fine Butter firm. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry and Game as before quoted.
Fresh Fruits generally firm, zuith light supplies.
Dried Pears and Figs higher and other Fruits firm.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Charters.
The Geneva leads lumber at Tacoma for
Xahural; George C. Perkins, lumber at Grays ,
Harbor for Hllo; Northwest, poles at Cowlchan I
lor Santa Rosalia
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificates ln circula- ;
tion September 30 were as follows:
IS9S. 1899.
Gold $5J."92.9f9 998 673.539
Silver 393,425,735 4C0.153.851
Treasury 96.704,823 89.957,175 j
Total $325,523^927 $555,754.615 I
Bond Interest in Advance.
The following announcement is self-explana- j
tory:
"I am to-day in receipt of Instructions from ,
the Treasurer of the T'nited States I 'vine '
tne to ant' irate payment of all coupons due on
November 1 next, beginning with the i6th :nst.
Interest checkF, 3 per cent loan, will be mailed
on 23d last. and other interest checks on 25th
Inst, Yours, respectfully.
"JULIUS JACOBS.
"Assistant Treasurer United States."
Coinage of the Mints.
The monthly coinage of the United States for j
the current calendar year to date is as follows: I
Double eagles $59,151.550 ;'
Eagles 14 593.470 i
Half eagles 15,265,' X")
Quarter eagles 217 ,
Ftandard dollars 12.115.510 !
Half dollars 2.352.595
Quarter dollars 2.149.129 I
Dimes 1,334.801 |
Five cents 734,5«>2 I
Cents 157.352
Total eight months $103,189,123 '
Same time In 1893 72.871.553
Increase $35,310,738 I
Over a Billion in Cash.
United States Treasurer Roberts reports the
amount of mor-ey on hand at the close of Sep
tember as follows:
Gold coin 8221.271,983
Cold bullion 131. 71^.392
Silver dcllars 413.367.133
Fmall silver 2.277,. 91
Silver bullion 83,783,745 ■
Total specie $5,2,6 70.829 | •
United States notes 31.725.416 ;
Treas-.nv tee of 1890 1,210,105 \
Gold certificates 36.327,560
Silver certificates 5,043,623
Currency certificates 230,000
National bank notes 8.640.442
Minor coin, etc 154. 826
Deposits in national banks 83,183,764
Miscellaneous 593,522
Total 81.015,24
There was a pain last month of *" 1 00,000 In
gold coin and < ver $4.0e.".r",0 in. gold bullion.
There was a decrease of JS.CX.OOO in silver dol
lars and 81,600,000 in small silver.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says:
"There Is increasing activity in all depart
ments and trade is certainly Improving.
Orders, for the most part, are for small
quantities, but they are numerous and In
creasing. No one variety has the call, with
th* possible exception of peaches, which are
doing much better than they have done here
tofore. Mall inquiries are increasing and the
conditions all indicate Improvement.
"Peaches are the mo.-" active sort on the
list and prices are up another fraction, with '
demand rood and pros] of a further in
crease promising. There is a scarc'ty or some
Sizes, and the discovery of the deficiency has
caused Increased firmness in all sizes and
grades.
"Prunes are steady, with prices tending up
ward on the four sizes, when all are obtain
able. Nineties are scarce and command a
premium, and most sales are of the three sizes,
rather than pay a premium for the nineties!
No heavy sales are reported, but the aggre
gate of the one and two caWnts make a fair
trade and tend to keep prices up. No new
figures have been given out on the crop, :
hence It Is assumed that previous statements
are substantially correct.
"Trade In raisins is quiet and conditions are
unchanged. Only small lots are being taken
by Individual buyers, but the total amount is
a large aggregate each day. The high prices
frighten buyers, and they are waiting for a
possible change in F.!tuation, but the Indica
tions are that none will occur for some time
yet. The only possible modification of pres
ent conditions Is the importation of foreign
goods, which can be laid down here at a lower
price than domestic goods can be bought."
The Hay Market.
The circular of Somers * Co. says:
"Comparatively speaking receipts of Hay
have been running rather light for the week
ending to-day, the total being about 3500 tons.
In comparison with 5000 tons for the seven
days preceding. In spite of this fact no im
provement can be noted in any way on the :
market here, but on the contrary a somewhat
slower feeling with some grades of Hay can :
be noted. It is true that the fields are grad- I
ually being cleaned out, but the light receipts
for the past few days have ,>een caused more
particularly by the inability to secure cars and
schooners to market the produce. There has
been a strong demand since the first of July
for transportation, and there Is still some
difficulty in securing accommodations, owing
to the continued pressure of heavy shipments.
"Alfalfa is becoming an especial drag on the ;
market at present, owing to the fact that ship
ments continue quite heavy and the demand <<, I
all but satisfied. Since Monday last there has
been fully 2000 tons of this particular grade
of Hay come to market by water, and for th<» !
last few days it has been seemingly impossible i
to dispose cf what Is arriving on the market i
here, it will probably be two or three months
before we will have any revival of the Alfalfa
trade.
"The quality of al! grades of Hay -v being
marketed is not such as to stimulate prices in
any way. The weatner has been dry and hot
all over the country, with the consequence
that the Hay is baling up light weight, of
rather indifferent color and quite short and
brittle. A car of choice Hay Is becoming a
rarity with us now." '*
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 11. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64 [Independence 52
Red Bluff 6K|r,os Angeles 64
Sacramento 60 San Diego 62
Fresno 62jVuma  &2
Ean Luis Obispo 691
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature
64; minimum. 60; mean 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain has fallen generally over the Pacific
elope. The storm covers nearly the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. The
temperature has fallen from 10 to IS degrees
over Eastern California and Nevada. Snow
has fallen In the Sierras, and temperatures be
low freezing may be expected Thursday in Ne
vada and Utah. The following maximum wind
velocities are reported: Wlnncmucca, 34 miles
per hour, from the east; Yuma, 26 miles, from
the northwest. •
The following rainfalls are reported up to
6 p. m. : • San Francisco, .02; Sacramento, .02;
Red Bluff, trace; Fresno, .06; San Luis Obispo,
.16: Los Angeles, .30; San Diego, .01.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnijht October 12, 1899:
For Northern California— Showers Thursday;
continued cool weather; fresh southwesterly
Winds.
*"« Southern California— Showers Thursday; I
continued cool weather; fresh southwest winds.
For Nevada ßain or snow Thursday; con
tinued cold weather.
For Utah ßain or snow Thursday: cooler.
For Arizona— ..tin Thursday; much colder.
For San Francisco and vicinity Cloudy
Thursday; occasional light showers; fresh
southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE, Foecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The stock fell flat
j again to-day. The dullness was made evident j
that yesterday's upward spurt was due almost
: entirely to covering by shorts, who to-day I
were inclined to regret their precipitance. The
warlike situation between England and the
Transvaal was almost without effect. In fact, ]
the London market seemed to feel rather en- j
couraged than otherwise over the termination I
of the uncertainty, and operators there were ,
inclined to bid up the prices of some of the )
American stocks in sympathy with the ad- :
vance of the Kafiirs stocks. The rise was
short-lived on this side anu the dragging
tendency of prices was not much changed at j
any time until the close of the market at j
prices below fast night's level all around. The *
money market was distinctly easier. The ac- j
tion of London has had the effect of allaying
apprehension in Wall street, but it is peroeived
n.j.l whatever relief is afforded is not likely
to furnish a supply of surplus funds for the
benefit o: stock speculators. Business in bonds '
was very well distributed and the tendency of j
prices was downward. Total sales par value, j
J2,U>5,0C0. United States new 43 coupon ad
vanced V* and registered 4 in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid. j
2,."i55 Atchison 20% i
13.4-/U Atchison prefd 62% ;
•ijj Baltimore and Ohio ** j
4eo Canadian Pacific 91 j
3tX) Canada Southern 62 j
260 Central Pacific £7% j
4,045 Chesapeake and Ohio £•>%
1,010 Chicago Great Western 14 i
8.694 Chicago. Bur and Quiney 13.% i
Chicago. Indiana and Ijouis lUt* !
Chicago, Indiana und Louis pre! l. 43
1,000 Chicago and Last Illinois 964 ;
200 Chicago and Northwestern 1054 j
41,499 Chicago, Rock Island and Pac 112% :
0.025 C C C and St Louis 5»% j
1,060 Colorado Southern 64 '
• 4 Colorado Southern first prefd 44%
.1 Colorado Southern second prefd — 16%
Delaware and Hudson -. 122 V* ,
2.000 Delaware, Lack and Western 188%
600 Dc:.\er and Rio Gran 20%
210 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 74% j
Erie 13%
Erie first yrel'd 36
1,210 Great Norehern prefd 106%
Hocking Coal IS
Hocking Valley 31
427 Illinois Central li-
lowa Central 12%
lowa Central prefd 56
2*) Kans City, Pitts and Gulf S%
100 Luke Erie and Western lis
J^ike Erie and Western prefd , 7f%
Lake Shore 200
12.700 Louisville and Nashville Sl'4
3.100 Manhattan L 107%
1,412 Metropolitan Street Railway 196%
275 Mexican Central 14
120 Minn and St Louis 71
Minn and St Louis prefd pa
1,200 Missouri Pacific 44%
Mobile and Ohio 44
Miss uri, Kane and las 124
300 Missouri. . ,'iis and Texas prefd 384
10U New Jersey Central 119
2.015 New York Central -. — 124%
StO Norfolk and Western 24%
610 Norfolk and Western prefd 09';* j
1,6.0 Northern Pacific 624 j
100 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
1,104 Ontario and Western 244 ,
Oregcn Railway and Nay 42 |
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd 75
4, ",00 Pennsylvania 131% !
300 Reading 20%
4.100 Reading first prefd 68%
850 Reading second prefd 32- B
Rio Grande Western 374
150 Rio Grande Western prefd 80
St l- ale and San Fran 10% |
St Louis and San Fran Ist pre.',;!. 69
110 St Louis and San Fran 2nd perfd... 35% !
St Louis, western 13
700 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 33 |
8,000 St Paul 124%
880 St Paul prefd 16:)%
St Paul and Omaha lis,
16.774 Southern Pacific 374
100 Soutnern Railway 1 ',
SoO Southern Railway prefd ..' 624
410 Texas and Pacific it 4
8.800 Union Pacific 43%
3,065 Union Pacific prefd 764
Wabash 7%
Wabash prefd 21%
1,700 Wheeling and L E 12
666 Wheeling and L E second prefd 80
371 Wisconsin Central 17
P C C & St L 74
Express Companies
225 Adams 115
American liv
United Slates 61
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
1,560 American Cotton Oil 4414
American Cotton on prefd 85
200 American Malting 34.-54
200 American Malting prefd 62
American Smelting & R 87%
1,275 American Smelting & R prefd $6
American Spirits .44
American Spirits prefd !!! 22
200 American Steel Hoop 434
300 American Steel Hoop prefd........" 84
12,750 American Steel & Wire " 531*
1,150 America,; Steel & "Wire prefd!!!!!! 96'
115 American Tin Plate ...38
310 American Tin Plate prefd "!! 554
17,430 American Tobacco 121%
American Tobacco prefd *.'.""146
2.260 Anaconda Mining Co ;.-*; 49 1
37.165 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ......!! 874 !
550 Colorado Fuel & Iron " 55%
1,550 Continental Tobacco !!! 4'"i
690 Continental Tobacco prefd... " 9314
11,015 Federal Steel ." 541T
720 Federal Steel prefd '.'.[' 771'?
930 General Electric i is il I
337 Glucose Sugar ....*.; jj ( I
Glucose Sugar prefd !!!!lOS%
600 International Paper ....!! 2.6% |
100 International Paper prefd !!" 701' i ;
714 Laclede Gas !!! ecu I
National Biscuit !!! 43 !
National Biscuit prefd ! 96%
750 National Lead ~; 304
....... National Lead prefd "1104
220 National Steel " 534
415 National Steel prefd 951^
New York Air Brake !.156 ~
420 North American " 32*:
1,240 Pacific Coast 4814
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S5
450 Pacific Coast 2d prefd .' 66
590 Pacific Mail ' 40
3.234 People's Gas -. 1094
100 Pressed Steel Car .'.. 574
200 Pressed . Steel Car prefd 89
1.627 Pullman Palace Car , 157
200 Standard Rope & Twine .'!. 6%
28,695 Sugar 142%
309 Sugar prefd 115*
2,600 Tennessee Coal & Iron " 110
8,900 United States Leather " 144 -
4.040 United States rather prefd.... " 77%!
Unite. l States Rubber 4714 j
100 United States Rubber prefd ..lis'
630 Western Union • 87s- .
610 Republic Iron & Steel '*" 274 ;
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71 '
269,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg 10 ° MX & T 2ds 61U i '
Do 3s reg 107% Do 4s 92 ' 1
Do 3s coup 1084 NYC lsts ""111*4 •
Do new 4s reg.... 129% N J C gen 55... "119
Do new 4s coup.. 129% N Carolina 6s. I*7 '
Do old 4s reg in , Do 4s .. 104 j
Do old 4s coup. ..112 N Pacific lsts.. . 113
Do 5s reg 111% Do 3s , " 654
Do 5s coup 1111,4 Do 4s "lOIS I '
Dist of Col 3.655. ..117 NYC& St L 45".'.104 | '
Ala class A 108 N & con 4s S'V 1
Do class B 10S ; .Do gen 6s 135 .
Do class C 102 .Or Nay lsts.. 11.-, '
Do currency 100 I Do 4s 103% 1
Atch gen 4s 98% Or Short Line 65..! 127 ;
Do adj 4s S6 j Do con fis 113% ;
Can So 2ds.. 108 {Reading gen 4s ssu. I i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1899.
| Ches & O 4%s 95% R G W lsts 37%
I Do 5s 118 St L& I M con 65. 109%
1 Chi & N con ...145 St L& S F gen 1234
I Do S F deb ss-.. 105% St Paul cons 109
' Chi Term 4s 97 St PC & P lata... 120
; D & X G lsts 103 , Do 5s 120%
Do 4s 99 So Railway 5s 108%
j E T V & G ...102*4 Stand R & T 65.... S3
I Erie gen 4s 70% Term new set 35... 94
■FW &D C lsts.... 77 Tex & Pac 1515....H4
: Gen Elec 5s 116 Do 2ds 56
GH&S A6s 118 U Pacific 4s 1034
Do ids 108 Wabash lsts 116
' H & T C 5s 110%! Da Ids ICO
Do con Cs MS West Shore 4s 111%
lowa Cent lsts 115 Win Central lsts... 76
XCP & Q lsts.... 72 Va Centuries 86
La new con 4s 106 i Do deferred 6
i L & N uni 4s 99% Colo So 4s 86
MINING STOCKS.
1 Choliar 35 Ontario 8 00
i Crown Point 14 Ophir 85
i Con Cal & Va 60 Plymouth OS
| Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 150
i Gould & Curry 33 Do prof! 700
Hale & Not-cross.. 35 1 Sierra Nevada, 84
Homestake 65 00 , Standard 3 00
Iron Sliver 53 Union Con 33
Mexican 33 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 6%
Call liana 6 West End 94
Time loans 5@6 West End prefd. .ll4
Stocks— Wcstinghouse Elec 48
A T & S F 20%: Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 02% Atchison 4s 98
American 5ugar. . .142% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar prerd.ll7 Adventure 6%
Bell Telephone 370 Alloues Mln C 0... 6%
Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 28
Boston Elevated... 107% Benton & M0nt... 360
Boston & Maine. .2oo Butte & Boston.. 78
C B & y 130*8 Calumet & Hec1a..770
Ed Elec 111 208 Centennial 32
Fltchburg prefd. ..l2o Franklin 17%
General Electric. ..US Humboldt 1%
Gen Elec prefd.... 139 Osceola S5Vi
Federal Steel 54% Parrot 46%
Fed Steel prefd.. 78 ,Quincy 160
Mexican Central.. 13% F Copper 12
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 220
Old Dominion.... - ;. 33% [Winona 9%
Rubber 48 Wolverines 41
Union Pacific 43%|TJtah 38
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The ultimatum from the Transvaal Republic
created no excitement in the markets here to
day, having been received yesterday without
anxiety. There was a drooping tendency in
most departments, however, until near the
close, when a slightly better tone developed on
the disclosure of the smallness of the open po
sition. Consols were down a little from yes
terday's top price at 103 9-16. The opinion ex
pressed on the market here in, so far as mili
tary operations ln South Africa are concerned,
there -will be a deadlock practically until the
British army corps begins to advance In De-
cember. American securities opened firm and
developed strength, but In the absence of New
York support they sagged toward the close.
The Bank of England bought £ 176.000 gold in
bars and £16,000 in French coin.
Money was slack, little business in call loans.
Spanish fours were i.V\, Tlntos 47% and Ana
condas 10Vi.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. IL— Union Pacific preferred,
78; Northern Pacific, 76* i; Atchison, 21*,; Grand
Trunk, 7%; Anaconda, 10%;. 8ar Silver, steady,
2G%d per ounce; Money, 3 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,074 barrels; exports, 20.680 barrels. Sales,
10,000 packages. Market was moderately aotlvp.
Low grades showed a continued upward tend
ency, being scarce and wanted .whlla the higher
grades were- easier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 207,200 bushels; exports,
172,698 bushels. Sales, 5,525,000 bushels futures;
920,000 bushels export. Spot strong; No. 2 red,
77% c 1". o. b. at':' at spot; No. l Northern Du
iuth, Bo%c '.. o. b. afloat to arrive (now); No.
1 hard Duluth, -. ,■ to arrive; .No. 2 hard red,
75*»c elevator. Options opened firm at an ad
vance of Sc on higher grain cables nd more
warlike look to the South African situation, as
Indicated by a decline In consols and private
advices. Th early firmness was increased by
the acceptance of most of the offers to the
United Kingdom, but later the foreign bids for
rash wheat were out of line and the markets
for futures eased partially oil under local
liquidation. Subsequently an active demand
developed on war newt and tumors of heavy
export purchases in the West. Closed strong at
'.i'Tlc net advance. March, B"ftSo%c. closed
£o%c; May, 60 1 /* r «SG%c. closed B0%c; December
closed 77-- 2 c.
HOPS Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. '
METALS- The markets In general continue j
to follow a narrow rut with buyers and sellers
apart. To-day tin went off under more liberal
offerings and a scarcity of orders. Spelter de- i
veloped a fair degree of stability, but failed i
to show animation to speak of. At the close i
the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants nominal at $18.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, at $18 50.
TlN— Lower $31 90 bid and 132 15 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, $4 60 bid and 84 66 asked. The
brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for copper
$1.8 37%.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 46 bid and $5 55
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed five points net
higher. Total sales, 14,250 bags, including Oc
tober, $4 85; December, $4 90; March. $5 10; May,
16 15; June, $5 20; .Inly. 86 25; August, $5 25®
6 30; September, $5 35. Spot coffee -Rio firmer-
No. 7 lice, 6 13-16 c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 5-10"
Mild— Firm; Cordova, 6%®11%c. Sales, 2000
bags.
SUGAR— Raw. nominal and unsettled. Re- i
fined, quiet.
BUTTER— 2928 packages; firm;
Western creamery. 17®22c; June creamery, 19®
22c; factory. 14®16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7888 packages; quiet and
steady. Western ungraded at mark, ir,yl9c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— California dried fruits
quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 7u 0 : I
prime wire tray, 7%©8% c; choice, B%<&9o
fancy, 9{?9%c. <*«.»*. i
PRUNES— 3% @Bo per lb, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 11®13%c; Moorpark, 143;
1 f>' - . j
BEACHES— Unpeeled. 7%(59c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— Wheat had an advance
of 14d at Liverpool and it started strong here
at an advance of %c, December opening at
72%®72%c. Previous to the opening reports
were received that war had actually been de
clared between England and the Transvaal.
The situation had the effect of .increasing the
volume of trading to a marked degree. The
market before noon became quite dull and
heavy, short selling and realizing being en
couraged by a loss of a good part of the ad
vance at Liverpool, but the December price
did not get below 724 c and for the greater
part of the time was 72% c. During the after
noon the market again became strong and
decidedly active on reports of big seaboard
engagements and an excellent cash demand at
outside points, though it was dull. here. Pro
fessional traders, who bad sold during tho
early part of the session, covered as best they
cculd. This and heavy buying for the long
account sent prices upward ln a hurry. Top
prices were made near the close, December
closing at 73c, an advance of %@%c.
Corn was active and strong with shippers
big buyers. The market showed some tendency
1c follow the Wheat decline, but later, on re
ports of enormous export engagements, again
advanced sharply. December closed lc higher
at 31% c.
Oats were rather quiet, but steady, Influenced
. mainly by Corn. December closed %c higher
Provisions were dull and for that reason
rather easy. The market helped some late ln
tho day by the advance in Corn. January-
Pork closed unchanged, January Lard 2%©6 c
lower and January Ribs 2' ," lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.-
Wheat No. 2—
October 70% 71 70% 71
December 72% 73 72% 73
May 75% 76% 75% 76%
Corn No. 2— ™
October 31% 32% 81% 32%
I December 30% 31% «C% 31%
j May 32 32% 31% 32%
Oats No. 2— .
December 23 . 23% 22% 23 V1
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, , per barrel —
October ... ... 8 75
December 8 27% 8 27% 820 826
! January 9 72%- 9 72%. 9 62% 9 67%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October ... ... ... 6 35..
I December .5 57% 5 57% 6 52% 6 52%
I January 5 57% 5 57% 5 52% 6 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 505 5 07% 500 600
January 5 07% 6 07% ■ 6 02% 605
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
i steady: No. 3 rprlng wheat, 65'369c; No. 2 red'
71%©72% c: No. 2 corn, 31%@32%c: No. 2 oats!
22%@24c; No. 2 white, 25% c; No. 3 white, 24U.i^
25% c; No. 2 rye, 57% c; No. 3 barley, 3S@43c:
; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17%; prime timothy seed,
I ta nfc books pork, per barrel, $7 70@8; lard, per j
100 pounds, $5 25®5 45; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 90® 5 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%®
6%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 60@5 70; whis
ky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 22.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 11,900
Wheat, bushels 190,000 9.000
Corn, bushels. 825,000 684,000
Oats, bushels 689,000 848,000
Rye, bushels 116,000 7,000
Earley, bushels 173,000 39,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16-5 23 c; dairy. 14®
19c. Cheese, firm; 11%@12%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
16^c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2% 6 3% 6 2%!
Closing 6 1% 6 2% 6 2% j
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr. I
Opening 18 80 19 65 |
Closing IS 90 ' 19 75
Flour —
Opening 24 40 25 60 I
Closing ; ;.24 75 25 80 i
l I
Eastern L vesiock Mirket.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Good to choice
cattle sold at $5 90®7; commoner grades at $4 50
®5 85; stockers and feeders brought $2 75®4 90:
bulls, cows and heifers, $2®6 25; Texas steers,
$3 30®4 30; rangers, $3 25®5 10; calves, $4®7.
HOGS— Heavy hogs sold at $4@4 70: mixed at
$4 8594 75, -and light at $4 35®4'75; pigs brought
$3 9094 70 and culls $1 50®4.
SHEEP— SoId at $2®S for common to $3 SO®
4 for best grades. Western rangers bringing
$3 40®3 90. Lambs sold at $2 60@5 30 for the
poorest to best, range flocks bringing $4 50®5.
Receipts— 15,000; hogs, 26,000; sheep.
23,000.
DENVER
DENVER, Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1300.
Market 10®25c lower. Beef steers. $3 15@4 60;
cows, $2 50@3 50; feeders, freight paid to river.
83 25®4 50; stockers, do, $4@4 60; bulls, stags, :
] etc.. $2«t3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 1000. Market steady. Light
i packers. $4 40®4 45; mixed. $4 45@4 60; heavy,
j $4 45-54 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
KANSAS CITY.
I KANSAS CITY, Oct. CATTLE— Receipts,
12.000 natives, 5000 Texans. Market slow to
lower. Native steers, $4 Co®6 15; Texas steers.
$3 20®4; Texas cows, $2 2."'!x'3 20: native cows
and heifers. $2@4 50: stockers and feeders. $3 50 I
®4 90; bulls. $2 65@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 10.000. Market weak to 5c :
lower. Bulk of sales. $1 30®4 50: heavy. $4 30®
4 45; packers, $4 32>4«?4 45; mixed, $4 30®4 35:
! light. $4 35@4 50; yorkers, $4 45®4 60; pigs, $4 30
I @4 45.
I SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Market steady.
I Lambs, $3 60® 4 75; muttons, $3®3 75.
OMAHA.
i OMAHA, Oct. CATTLE— Receipts. 6100. '
' Market active; s®loc higher. Native beef
i steers. $5®6 25; Western steers. $4 20@4 30; '
: Texas Bteers, $3 70f?4 35; cows and heifers. $3 50
'■; I 10: canners, $2 2'®3 25; stockers and feeders, !
$3 50fT4-70; calves, $4 50@6 75 ; bulls, stags, etc., I
82 •" #3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 6SOO. Market steady; closed
weak. Heavy, $4 2,".®4 35: mixed. $4 3(MT4.t";
: light. $4 88894 50; pigs, $4®4 40; bulk of sales, I
SI 80®4 35. i
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000. Market s®loc lower. I
i Yearlings, $3 sC®3 90; Western muttons, $3 60® I
3 85; stock sheen $3 40«3 CO; lambs. $4®4 75.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices at auction to-day:
| Grapes — Cornichon, single crates, $1 35'Sl 40,
j average $1 31; Tokays. Poe's'sl 05. average 94c
I Bears— Howell. boxes, average $2 50. Prunes
i Hungarian, single cratee, 85c® $1 20, average
!$1 05; Italian, 75c@$l, average 90c. Eleven cars
I sold to-day. Weather cloudy.
BOSTON, Oct. 11.— The Earl Fruit Company
j auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
j Grapes— single crates, 75c®$l 34, aver
age si 10; double crates. $2 05®3 15, average
!$2 63; White Cornichon, $125. Prunes—
single crates, 90c.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 11.— American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market has been decidedly quieter during the
Inst' week, the volume of business being tha
smallest recorded for several months. This
quieting down of the trade is not unexpected,
however, after such an excessive activity as
had previously prevailed. The situation as far
as prices are concerned is unchanged.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
4.2'-V ! pounds domestic and 155.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 4.446.000, against a
total of 6,897,000 for the previous week and a
total of 1. 190,000 for the corresponding week
last year. Sales since January 1. 1899, amount
to 230.954,000 pounds, against 88.112,000 pounds
last year at this time.
Wool Sales at Antwerp.
ANTWERP. Oct. 11.— At the wool auction
sales held here to-day 2290 bales were offered,
including 896 Buenos Ayreß, 468 Montevideo, 366
Australian and 162 Cape of Good Hope and
Natal.
The selection was very poor and the demand
was light except for full-grown qualities. Half
of this wool was withdrawn owing to the bids
not reaching the limit placed by holders.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 11.— Clearings. 8367,825;
balances, 345.10 L
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. Wheat— Walla
Walla, 59c: valley. 59©600; hluestem, 61^620.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct 11.— Wheat advanced %o to
day. Club, 69c; bluestem. 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— Consols, 103%; silver,
2R%d; French rentes, lOOf 4 c; wheat cargoes ofT
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, sell
ers at advance of 3d; English country markets,
generally Id dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. -Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 29-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot-No. 2 red Western winter,
firm, Cs l%d; No. l Northern spring, firm. 6s
2d. Futures quiet; December, 6s %d; March,
6s -2%d; May. 6s 2%d.
CORN— American mixed new, firm. 3s
B%d; American mixed old, firm, 3s 9 »d. Fu
tures oulet: October. 3s 9%d; November. 3s
9%d; December, 3s 9Ud.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 33
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 4S
Fine Silver, per ounce — EB%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Dv Guesclln takes for Cork
6764 ctls, valued at $7440.
Wheat advanced again, both on and off call,
with a good demand on shipping account.
Paris and Liverpool advanced %d on war
news. Chicago was stronger, owing to the
advance at Liverpool and Paris, to a big for
eign business of sixty boatloads at New York,
and 27,0,000 bushels at St. Louis and moderate
receipts in the Northwest. The export move
ment in the various markets aggregated 1,000,
--000 bushels each of wheat* and corn. There
were more sellers than buyers at the advance,
however. 45ut the market absorbed a lot of
short sales, mostly on St. Louis account. The
close was easier on Bradstreet's estimate of
6,000,000 bushels increase in the visible supply.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%£1 10; milling.
$1 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
16.000 ctls, $1 13%; May— 4ooo, $1 18%.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 18%;
May— 6ooo, $1 19; 2000, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 19%; December— 4ooo, $1 14; 10,000. $1 14%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctis.
$1 14% ; 6000, $1 14%.
BARLEY— The Dv Guesclln takes for Cork
40,522 ctls, valued at $42,549.
The market continues to Improve, though call
business is dead.
Feed, 80@86%c; Brewing, 90@97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers report more activity In the
demand, and firm but no higher prices. Offer
ings are ample for Immediate needs. White,
$103(5123; Red, 810115; Gray, $1 07%@1 15;
Black, 92%c®l 02%.
CORN— The market Is firm at the advance,
with slender stocks. Eastern large Yellow,
»1 0501 10; White, $1 05®1 10; mixed, $1 02%®
1 07% per ctl.
RYE— 92^@97%o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40® 8 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25®3 40 for bakers, and $2 25®3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats, J4 75: Hominy. $3 25(33 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole heat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55®6 95; In sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $1 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Hay is fiat, but Feedstuffs are firm, and the
tendency in rolled Barley is upward.
BRAN— sl7®l7 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS(S 20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $IS®lB 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. S2G2ti7; jobbing
$27 50928; Cocoanut Cake, $20® 21; Cornmeal
883 50024 50: Cracked Corn, $24325; Mixed Feed
$16®16 60: Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7®B 50 for common to good
and $9@9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6®
8 50; Oat, $6®B; Barley. $5®7; Island Barley,
$5@5 50; Alfalfa. $5@6 50 per ton; Compressed
$6 50®9.
STRAW— 2S®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue to advance under a quick
demand, which is mostly speculative. Pinks
are no lower, and the feeling is rather firmer.
Seeds remain unchanged.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2%®3c; Yellow
Mustard, 3%®4c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3' 2 c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2>4@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4®4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlies, $1 33®1 60; Green, $1 75
@1 So per ctl.
BEANS— Bayos. $2@2 10; small white. $2 SO
«?2 40; large white. fi 90Q2: Pinks. $1 90®2;
Reds, $3 50®3 75; Blackeye, $3 30f?3 50; Butters,
nominal: Lima, $4 40®4 CO; Pea, $2 35®2 50;
Red Kidneys, $2 25®2 40 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are lower and weak, and the same
condition applies to Sweet Potatoes. Vege
tables continue firm, with continually de
creasing supplies.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60®70c: Early Rose.
40®50c; Burbanks. 45®70c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks. 90c®$l 10; Oregon Burbanks. 75c: Sweet
Potatoes, 75@"90c for Rivers and $1 15 for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— SO©6Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®4c per lb;
String Beans, 2®3%0; Lima Beans, 2U®4c; Cab
bage. 40® 60c; Tomatoes. 20^35c; Egg Plant,
35®50c; Green Okra, 50c@$l per box; Dried
Okra. 12% c per lb; Garlic. 2'';3c: Green Pep
pers, 4P®7sc per box: Carrots, So®4oc per sack;
Cucumbers, 33®50c; Pickles, $1 50 per ctl for No.
1 and 60c for No. 2: Summer Squash. 35@50c:
Marrowfat Squash, $6®B per ton; Green Corn,
$I@l 25 per crate and 35@75c per sack.
. . —
Poultry and Game.
There Is nothing new In the situation. Poul
try continues easy and plentiful, and most of
the Game Is spoiled and has to be dumped.
POULTRY— Live Turkeyß. 14ftl6c for Gob
blers and 14016 c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16<3'
17c; Geese, per pair, JI 7522; Goslings, J: 755?2;
Ducks, J4<35 for old and 84 5006 for young;
Hens. $4 5005 50; Young Roosters. $4 5005 50;
Old Roosters, ?4'a"4 60; Fryers, 53 5004; Broilers,
$3 25tf3 50 for large, it.:', 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 259, 1 50 per dozen for old and SI 50gi 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. JI 2301 50; Mallard. J4@7;
Sprig, 8305; Teal, S2f?4: Widgeon, $15002 50;
Small Duck, $1 5002; Doves, 60c per dozen;
Hare, $125: Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails -and
$1 25 for Small; Gray Geese, $2 50; White, $10
1 25; Brant, $1 50; English Snipe, $101 50 per
dozen; Jack Snipe, 75c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy Butter Is rjrm and sales over the quo
tations are reported. Cheese and Eggs are un
charged, but the latter are very firm.
BUTT
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 27%025%c; sec
onds, 2,"©2Cc.
Dairy— Fancy, 23c; good to choice, 22%®24c:
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 214«22%e; firkin, 21@21%c;
creamery tub, 224 / 8-3% c per lb.
Enjstern. 17'- .c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lie: old. 100
104 c; Young America, 11Q ll%c; Eastern, 1449
. 1.',. .
EGGS '.'" Si 22%©27%0 for store and 340
3Si: per dozen for ranch; Eastern 26028 c for
selected, 23^250 for No. l and 20022% c for sec
ends.
Deciduous: and Citrus Fruits.
The advance in Wine Grapes Is maintained.
Tat Grapes continue firm, with very small
stocks on the market.
Tree irults continue firm, with better prices
for Figs, Peaches and Apples.
Melons ate weak and lower. There are no
Watermelons here In first hands at the moment.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 85050 c per box for common and 6Oco
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries. 8405 per chest:
Strawberries, $1001] per chest for small and $2
<f?3 for large berries; Raspberries, 8405 pei
chest: Huckleberries, E«nfc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, «6 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, $7 6008. .
Grapes, 40050 c for Black, 4OfJT,Oc for Muscat.
40060 c for Tokay. 60(g65c for Cornichon; crates
sell 10©15 c higher; Wine Grapes, $23026 per ton
for /Jnfandel. $21023 for other black and $16®
20 for White.
Watermelons, nominal.
Cantaloupes, 8101 50 per crate; Nutmegs 60c©
$1 10 per box.
Pomegranates, 60®65c per box.
Pears. Bartlett, $1 5001 76 per box; Winter
Pears, 500081 25 per box.
Figs, 60c@$l per box for double layers of I
black.
Peaches, 75c®$l 15 per box.
Plums, 50cf?$l per box and crate.
Quinces, 50<ff65c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, $102 for com
mon and 8804 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $7@7 60; California Limes, $l@i 25- Ba
nanas. $1 6008 50 per bunch; Pineapples' $i£*
250 per dozen. ' w
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Pears and Figs are higher.
Trade is reported livelier In the East, with
prospects for an active demand for all kinds
shortly. _
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%05c for
40-50's. 44c for 50-60's, 3%c for 60-70's, 34c
for 70-80's. 3ff34c for 80-90's and 2%@2%c for
! 90-100's; Apricots, lOSllc for Royals, 14-3150 for
i Moorparks and 12012% C fcr Blenheims; Peaches,
| 506 c for Standards. 6%07c for choice and 7%0
Sc for fancy; peeled Peaches, 11012 c; Evapo
rated Apples. 606% c; Sun-dried, 4-ffsc per lb;
Nectarines. 7%08c per lb for red and B@9c for
white; Pears. 6<SBc for quarters and B@loc for
halves; Black Figs. 304 c; White Figs. 6@6%c;
Plums. 5%@6c for dark and 707% c for bleached.
RAlSlNS ßleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc: prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 64c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 64c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2.
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2. Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
| prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, B%c for standards and B%c
for softshell: Almonds, 10%5 , U%c for paper
shell, B@9c for soft and 4#sc for hardshell;
Peanuts. J%@6%c for Eastern and ."c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts, S%@9c; Filberts, Tl@ll%c;
Pecans. 7%@Sc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%-s?7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 6%c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24{T2Gc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
9%!jiloc for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50- Fam
ily. $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear
$16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb'
LARD— quoted at 6'<jfi%c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels pure
8c: 10-lb tins. S%c: 5-lb tins, 9c. "• ■-.'..-'.■-• ■:■'
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%'s7^c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under . quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll@U%c; medium, 10% c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9%©10 c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, 17c';
Sheepskins. yearlings, 20©30 c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool
90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small: Colts, 25@50c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%(£5c per lb; No.
2, 4@4%c; refined, ; grease, 2©2% c.
WOOL— Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c:
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 7@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7%®Pc; Northern free, 10®18c; do, defect
ive. 7%@10c per lb.
• HOPS— Quoted at 10®12c per lb.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7%c; Wool,
Bags, 26®28c; Fruit Bags, 6%c, 6%c and
the three* grades of white and 7®7%c for
bleached Jute. «.__—,,
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Se
attle $6; Bryant, $6; Coos' Bay, $5: Wallsend.
$7 60; Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and
$14 ln sacks. _ _ , _
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A, 4'.e; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels, %c
more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
5%c per lb. :
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6%®7c
for Cows. -'v..'.- ;'•'■ r
VEAL— 7®lOc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%®7c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B®S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%®5%c for small, 6%c for
medium and 5%®5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, sH®s%c; dressed. Hogs, 7®B%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 11.
Flour, qr sks 2,984 Shorts, ctls 25
Wheat, ctls 185 Sugar, ctls 650
Barley, ctls 6.430 : Sugar, bbls SSO
Oats, ctls 1,570' Wool, bags 60
Corn, ctls 10 Hops, bales 188
Butter, ctls 166 Pelts, bdls 315
Cheese, ctls 26 \ Hides, No 407
Tallow, ctls 220 j Wine, gals 29,200
Beans, ctls 3.500 Leather, rolls 34
Potatoes, ctls .... 3,529 Eggs, doz 5.850
Onions, ctls 820 l Raisins, bxs 3,490
Bran, ctls 490 1 Quicksilver, flsks. 130
Middlings, ctls ... 901 Hay, tons 571
OREGON.
Flour, qr eks 838 Oats, ctls 860
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading in securities was light on the morn
ing session, with firm quotations for Giant
Powder and Contra Costa Water.
Business was lively in the afternoon, the fea
ture being the decline in Giant Powder from
$S2 to $79 12%, with a recovery to 79 574 at the
close. Contra Costa Water was sold up to
$70 75.
Mining stocks opened easy and declined,
though there were no pronounced changes. The
telegram from the pump said: "No. 2 eleva
tor has been running continuously. At 6:30
this morning the water was SO feet 7 inches be
low the 1950-foot level station."
The Ophir Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 20 cents per share, delinquent No
vember 24.
The Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
Electric Railway Consolidated has declared a
dividend of 20 cents per share on the Issued
capital stock of the corporation, payable at the
Union National Bank, Oakland, Cal., October
16.
The California Street Cable Company yester
day paid a dividend of 50 cents per share.
The Alaska Packers' Association will to-day
pay a dividend of 75 cents.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents on the 16th. The amount ls
87500.
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo Mining
Company has declared a dividend of 10 cents
per share, payable October 20.
The Pacific and Sunset telephone companies
will pay the usual monthly dividends on the
16th.
A quarterly dividend of 3 per cent will be
paid this month by the Fireman's Fund In
surance Company.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
"WEDNESDAY. October 11—2 p. m.
Bid.As' Bld.Ask.'
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14% 15%
Is quar coup.. — — i GL & H 49 —
is quar reg — — ac Gas Imp.. — 66
lA quar new... — 131 '•. 'no L Co 41 —
!s quar C0Up..108% — SF G & 8.... 64% 65
Miscellaneous— Han Fran — as-
Cal-st Cab 58..116 — Stockton Gas.. 12 — '
C C Wat 65... — 108% Insurance-
Ed L & P 65.130 — Hrem's Fund. 22s —
F&CI Ry 69.114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal 64 —
H C& S 6%5.106 — Bank of Ca1...352%400
LA Ry 55. ...105% — L'al SD & T.. 97 95%
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Firs: Nation!.. — 24.',
Do gntd 6sN 99 — Lon P & A....125%135
Do gntd 55.. — — Mer Exchange — * tti
1. A& P R 55. 103 — NTev Nat 8k...185%190
Market-st 65..125%129 Savings Banks-"
Do Ist M 55..H5%116 Ger S & L... — 1730
N" C N «'. P. 75. 112 — Bum S & L..1060 1160
NR of Pal fis. ll4 — Mm Say Bk. — 42".
NR of Cal 85.112%113% 9 F Say V... 500 —
N CR R 68.105 10S ! Pav & L So.. — 82%
NPC R R 65. 106% — Bee Say Bk.. — 310 "
N Cal It R■■ .111 — lUnion T C 0.1400 1440
D G 1. & H 58.108% — ! Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65.. .111 112 California ....,120 122
Oin C Ry Cs.. — — Geary 50 —
P & C! Ry 65. .1064 — 'Market-st 62% —
PI: & 0 Ry 65.H5 — Oak SL& H. — 50
Powell-st R 6*. — 122 Presidio 25 30
Sac EIG&RT.s. — — | Powder—
8 F A N P 55. 1144 — California ....150 165
SF& S J V.-..-.H5 — R Dynamite... SS -
SRy of Cal 65.108% — Giant Con Co.. 80% 80%
PP of A fis.... — 113% Vigorit 2% 2%
RFC fisGOOo). — — Sugar—
SP C 6s(1906Llll — Hank P C 0.... 13% 13%
R P C fist 1912). U7%118 Haw C&S Co 95% 97
pPCi' eg 102% — Honokaa RC034.4 X<\
iSPBr 6s 122 123 Hutch S P Co. 30 304
; S V Wat 65. ..1 it 114% Kllauea S Co.. — 29
: S V Wat 45...103%104% i Makaweli S Co 48% 494
! S V w 4s(3dm)1014101% Onomea S Co.. 354 39%
i Btktn Gas 65.. - 110 paauhau S CO. 36 37 "
/ Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
; Contra Costa.. 70% 71 Al Pac Assn...US 119%
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley.lol — Oceanic S Co.. — S3
Gas and Electric— pac A F A 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — P c C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent L & P... 5%— Par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L Co. 6% 6%
Morning Session.
Board
40 Contra Costa Water 68 25
46 Contra Costa Water 68 50
6 Contra Costa Water 68 62<% !
25 Equitable Gas 5 50 "
10 Giant Powder Con r- £2 00
130 Giant Powder Con, b 30 82 00
26 Giant Powder Con 82 12%
65 Giant Powder Con 82 25
120 Makaweli 48 87%
20 Onomea Sugar Co 38 75
25 Paauhau S P Co 36 50
200 Vigorit Powder 2 50
Street—
200 Honokaa S Co 84 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — . '.,, ? ■: .."
10 Anglo-Californian Bank 64 00
25 Contra Costa Water 70 50
16 Contra Costa Water ;... 70 75
70 Giant Powder Con 82M0
30 Giant Powder Con, b 30 82 00
10 Giant Powder Con 8:4
10 Giant Powder Con SI 75
10 Giant Powder Con 8162%
10 Giant Powder Con 81 50
60 Giant Powder Con 81 00
10 Giant Powder Con 80 50
30 Giant Powder Con 80 25
75 Giant Powder Con 80 00
86 Giant Powder Con, b 10 79 75
80 Giant Powder Con 79 50 j
10 Giant Powder Con 79 62% !
20 Giant Powder Con 79 75
10 Giant Powder Con 79 87% j
25 Hana Plantation Co 14 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 13 87%
200 Hutchinson S P Co 30 00
100 Makaweli 48 S7U !
10 Onomea Sugar Co 3<; 6J4
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 50
$1000 S V 4 per cent Bonds (3d mtge).... 101 50
$1000 S V 4 per cent Bonds (2d mtge). ...104 00
20 Vigorit Powder 2 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
.-.'-^ Morning Session.
Board—
60 Giant Powder 8175 I
51 Contra Costa Water 68 37%
60 Contra Costa Water 68 25 * •
50 Hutchinson Sugar 30 25 I
50 Hutchinson Sugar 3., 3714
60 Paauhau Sugar Co  36 3714 j
20 Oneamea Sugar Co , 3g 75
100 Vigorit Powder [ 2 62%
I "
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder 82 25
15 Giant Powder '" 8" r'ti
60 liana Plantation J* 14 00
20 Oakland Gas " 49 00
25 S F Gas & Electric '*" m i»u
$5000 S V W 4s (2d mtge) " 104 25
$2000 Market St Ry Bs 6s 115 50
15 S V Water . ....101 12^4
150 Vigorit Powder 2 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in »*« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 23 100 Potosi ... M
100 Chollar 40 300 Savage "*' ?r
100 Con Cal & Va.l 70 200 Sierra Nevada' 67
200 Mexican ........ 32 400 Union Con 39
300 Ophir 92 """ **
Afternoon Session. ' < *'*
100 Belcher 23 600 Hale & Norcrs as
100 Belcher 21 300 Hale & NorrJJ -«
500 Best & Belchr. 34 1300 Mexican V°™ £
200 Bullion 04 600 Ophir .. 19
100 Caledonia 71 100 Ophir .. ii
100 Chollar 38 600 Overman 20
SOO Chollar 39 1200 Potosi .. X
200 Con Cal & Va.l 65; 100 Savage ;.U~-" 25
200 Gould & Curry 35 1 300 Union Con £
300 Gould & Curry 34 1 500 Yellow Jacket" 30
h&^&kmT the Ba,ea ln the Paclflc St °<*
„«« „ , t Morning Session.
™f«f, C l! er •—•—24. 200 Ophir ......... si
500 Belcher 25 200 Ophir . 88
300 Best & Belcher 37 200 Potosi 68
200 Caledonia 6SI 200 Potosi 66
600 Con Cal & V.l 67% | 200 Savage 26
200 Gould & Curry 381 200 Scorpion ....... 02
200 Gould & Curry 37 : 300 Sierra Nevada. 6o
400 Hale & Norcrs 36; 200 Union Con .... 38
300 Kentuck 04; 200 Union Con .... 37
400 Mexican 32 1 300 Yellow Jacket. 30
Afternoon Session.
700 Belcher 24; 200 Overman - 21
500 Chollar 40; 700 Overman 20
1600 Con Cal & Va.l 65 200 Potosi 56
600 Hale & Norcrs 35 200 Potosi bo
200 Hale & Norcrs 36 1000 Potosi 57
500 Mexican 31 300 Potosi 59
900 Mexican 30 100 Standard ......3 On
200 Ophir 89 300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
600 Ophir 88
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 11—* p. m.
Bid. Ask.- Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 08 09
Alt. i 04 06!Kentuek 03 05
; Andes 10 11 Lady Wash ... 01 02
j Belcher 23 24 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 34 35 Occidental 20 23
I Bullion 04 OolOphlr. 87 88
I Caledonia 70 72 Overman 19 21
Chollar 39 40iPotosI 58 59
Challenge 30 31 Savage 2o 26
Confidence 81 84 1 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 70|Seg Belcher.... 03 Oo
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada, 62 64
(Town Point... 15 17 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Con New York — 03 Standard —3 0a
l: Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate 06 —
Eureka C0n.... — 50 St Louis — 07
! Exchequer — 02. Union Con .... 38 39
Gould & Curry 35 36 ( Utah 12 13
I Hale & Norcrs 37 88 Yellow Jacket.. 28 29
I Julia — 03'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
i I
« . -♦
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
I twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
I the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given- are ln addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
«*_ — m>
Steamer Movements.
A ■ A
TO SAIL.
p— ■+
Shipping Intelligence.
4 — . ,
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October H.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, S3 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 hours from
San Diego, etc. /
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 85 hours from De
parture Bay. /
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, 28 days from
Honolulu. y
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, 10 days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 11.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins St. Co.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle; PCS
S Co.
Schr Arago, Stensland, Unga; Lyne St Hough
Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 11.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, Fort Bragg;.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicholson, San Pedro.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Hlgglns, Bowena Landing.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, .
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Ship St Nicholas, Brown, Departure Bay.
Bark Highland Light, Herbert, Departure
Bay.
Fr bark Dugeesclln, Dejole, Queenstown.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, ..
Schr Mary C, Madsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iversens Land
ing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 11, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. "
Sept 25. lat 39 N. lon 13 W— ship F 8
Clampa, from Cardiff, for Valparaiso
Sept 17. lat 20 IS N. 124 W-Br ship Glenard.
hence Sept o. for Antwerp.
Sept , lat 33 S, lon 51 W-Br ship Mussel
crag, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 10- Br ship Marechai Suchet.
from Portland, grounded ln river near Lim
erick; got off making no water.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN PEDRO-Salled Sept 9-Stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco. * "^ lor
Arrived Oct 9— Schr Wm Renton, from Ta-
Torx^TO^ot'T Pa ? a 2 ena - from Eui-eka.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Oct U, 7 a m— Stmr
Mlneola. from Nanalmo. for Port Los Angeles
TACOMA-Arrlved Oct 9— Brig Geneva from
S^tle schr Fred Sander, i*** SanVdrc
from A sTtlgu E ay ArriVed °* n Stmr Humboldt.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Jeanle, for Hunters Bay.
PORT HADLOCK-Salled'Oct Schr J M
Weatherwax, for San Francisco -~
hen?? Oe?^" Axrlved ° Ct v - 3tmr 81 **''
frotn :^r ( t I B r ra ( | B 7 ArriVed ° Ct v " Schr N <™*
Sa I n^n Sai,ed °« " *~^ *■*»• «-
PORT V, °, -? ailed Oct 11-Schr Okano
town for Honolulu; Ger ship Neak. for Queens
town.
EASTERN PORT
t^t^^ BREAKWATER-Oct 10-Ship
Newark" a r ShlD Strathern ordered to
FOREIGN PORTS.
filfflSS^ ct 10 - St ™ «™. «*
ant^fH^fuuT 6 * ° Ct ">-*** C D Bry "
Si^Fr,!?! 1 !^? 11^ ° ct 7 - Stm r Senator, for
lan Franco. ° Ct 10 ~ Br Stmr Flintshire, for
for A o re 8 -om~ Salled Sept I+_Br shi P Glenholm.
IA^ ILA r Salled ■%* 10-Stmr St Paul, for
S*." A? c X ' via Nagasaki.
HOVciovc lfr 7 Victoria, from Tacoma
vinS^ °KONG— Arrived prior Oct 11->Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, hence Sept U. :ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FOUR SPECIAL
MEN TO HUNT
UP BOXCARS
Railroad Unable to
Handle Traffic.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SGS Broadway. Oct. 1L
This afternoon Superintendent Agler
held a little meeting in his office at the
pier, the recessity for which is the most
favorable criticism possible on the pros
perity which is now being enjoyed by this
portion of the State.
For many weeks "he Southern Pacific
Company has realized that its freighting
facilities are altogether inadequate to
handle the business of California. In
Alameda County fruit-growers and farm
ers of all descriptions have been materi
ally handicaped because of the shortage
of cars. Orders have been given for
hundreds of new cars, but at no time dur
ing the past three months has the rail
road company been ------
tne service that their business demands.
This afternoon four of the most ex
perienced conductors of the company
were taken from their regular runs and
were instructed by Mr. Agler for new
cutles which consist of going over tha
whole of the division and seeing that no
car is delayed a minute Innger than neces
sary, and to rush ail era] cars to the
depot.
The instructions given these conductors
were very definite, and they will have re
dentials which will give them much
authority over scores of station agents
through Superintendent Agler's division:
They are charged with the duty of in
specting every car in any depot, and If it
be loaded, and for an reason un
loading is being delayed, these apec-.al
agents have authority to order the im
mediate unloading into warehouses or
on the platform if no other place is
available.
One cf these agents was assigned to the
route from Oakland to San Jose to Tracy
and back via Martinez. The second
route starts at Tracy and takes in b-;th
sides of the San Joaquin Valley and
branches, to Fresno, and back to Sacra
mento. The third route commences at
Oakland and goes via Benicia to Sacra
mento, including all branches. The
fourth route will be to all stations on
this side ot the bay not included In the
other route. It is estimated that in about
a week several hundred cars now lying
Idle or being unnecessarily detained will
be made available for new shinmer.t.
The conluctcrs started on their special
mission this evening.
FUNSTON IN OAKLAND.
in© Gallant Kansah and His
Bride to Be Specially
Honored
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
90S Broadway, Oct. 11.
The ladies who are working with Mrs.
L L. Requa preparing for the banquet to
the Montana soldiers next Saturday have
completed ail their arrangements and as
sure the executive committee that there
will be nothing lacking when the 2000
soldiers who are expected sit down at
the tables under the willows. The threat- I
ening weather of to-day and the sudden
shower of last night are causing a little
anxiety to those having tne supervision
of the ce'ebration. but there has always
been a stroke of good luck in this city
whenever it has attempted to do any
thing big. and with one exception, when
the naughtily inclined accepted a Mar- ,
day benefit from the racetrack people for
Fabiola Hospital, there baa always been
=upert> weather when specially desired. !
The ladies at their final meeting received
assurance that there would be no diffi
culty tn securing sufficient food, though
they are .still depending on the genercsity
of all those who on fi-raer occasions have
sent well-rilled baskets to assist pubile
banquets.
Xo food will be received after noon en !
Friday, as the committee will require all
Friday afternoon and night ir. which to j
arrange the eatables and prepare It for
removal to the willows, wnere the ban- j
quet is to be served.
At the tabernacle on Saturday evening
the medal fund committee has arranged
to present the medals to the returned
Alameda County volunteers. A street
parade will be one of the evening feat
ure. Company a of the National Guurd
and Company A of the Veteran Reserve
will act as escort to Companies F and G
of the old Eighth California Regiment
and the sixty or seventy men who saw
eervice in the Philippines with the various
regiments. The escort and the soldiers
will assemble at the armory at 7:15 o'clock
on Saturday evening and will march down
Broadway, up Washington street and
across to the Tabernacle, with the biggest
band that can be obtained. The plan of
presenting the certificates to the returned
volunteers at the same time has been
abandoned, as it would require more time
and labor arranging the certificates for
distribution than the public would care to
give.
After the Tabernacle demonstration
Company A will give a special banquet
to Privates Roy Petrey and W. H. Bur
re!!, two of its old members, who served
ln th? Philippines with the Fourteenth
Regulars. -v
The school children have all been as
signed places for the midday parade.
where they will throw flowers at the vol
unteers as they march past.
The reception committee has sent out
- ng:
The reception committee for the Montana
Volunteers desire all Alameda County Midler*
who were at Manila to report to Captain Poul
ter at 3 o'clock on the morning of October ii at
the armory on Twelfth street, between Broad
way and Franklin street. •»
Arrangements have been made to have tho
Alame<!a Cour.ty boys take part In the parade
and f»ast with which the Montana Volunteers
all will be welcomed, and all are Invited to be
present
To-day the entire "Kansas regiment ac
cepted the Invitation, to come to Oakland
J%drd»
[The/hand
- If -J of
%Wfl3!©©wa©
§§sS§^K\\ \ Cocoa is drink 30°
§§§S§^?^\ j food— a nourishing
$§§Sscv *\^'\ and a p!-csant bever-
£^-:^ : " "'-" \tf age. GMIRARDELLI'S
I^^V>V. W leads the list of high-
- o\"'^ grade cocoas. 50c per
l-lb tin Is the correct
?^VWT retail price.
SAYS THE DOCTOR
STOLE WIFE'S LOVE
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— W. A. Boscow has begun proceedings to secure a di
vorce from his wife. A few months ago the romance of the Boscows
and the doctor was made public, but now it has taken that form where
all the secrets are likely to be revealed.
Dr. 11. L. Anderson less than a year ago was arrested for practic
ing medicine without a license. While in prison he told a queer tale.
He said that although he had been arrested ostensibly at the instigation of
the Health Officers, his real enemy was William Boscow. Anderson said that
Boscow was needlessly jealous cf his attentions to Mrs. Boscow. In fact, An
derson talked so much that Bo- « had to do some talking in public to square
himself. Boscow blames all his family troubles to Dr. Anderson. In the fall
of last year Dr. Anderson md his wife went to board with the Boscows. It
was while boarding there that Boscow saw enough of Dr. Anderson's practices,
medical and otherwise, to induce him to have the doctor arrested. But when
tried in the Police Court he was acquitted, and the doctor talked of having
Boscow arrested for misrepresentation, but over all their troubles hung the
cloud of the women In the affair, and nothing more was heard of it.
New Bescow claims that Dr. Anderson has alienated his wife's affections.
and in the suit there are some very interesting statements and suggestions.
Mrs. Boscow has also secured legal stance, and has promised that her
end of the fight shall not lack in activity or interest.
on Saturday. General Funston will lead
them. Governor Stanley ami his entire
staff will also come.
. m •
WOMEN UNSAFE IN MANILA
General Shatter Receives Advices
From Otis to That Effect.
General Shafter to-day received the fol
lowing telegram, which indicates that
3enerai Otis will hereafter refuse to allow
women to land in the Philippines:
"WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. 11. ISS9.
"Commanding General Department of
California, San Francisco, CaL: At the
instance of the Secretary of War, General
Dtis w-as asked if it was advisable to al
low families of army officers to go to N Ma
nila at this time, and the following ii
3-eneral Otis' reply:
"Population of Manila much congested.
Provision for officers' families cannot be
made. Those already arrived, together
with families of enlisted men. have
:aused much perplexity. Would not per
mit my own family to come under exist
ing circumstances. Neariy all officers and
men here absent from Manila on duty
md families should await more peaceful
renditions.
"H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General."
General Shafter also received a dis
patch from the Secretary of War, stating
that as soon aa it would he considered
■ate for women to so to Manila the de
partment would render them every assist-
NOT INSANE, BUT
DRUGGED AND BEATEN
OAKLAND. Oct. James J. Harvey,
the ex-soldier who was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital three days ago after
standing lour hours on the street corner,
and who was yesterday recommended for
commitment to an asylum, has nearly re
covered the use of "his mind. This morn
ing he was taken before Judge Ogden
and told the court that he had been
drugged and robbed in San Francisco
three days ago, and from that time till
his appearance In court he remembered
nothing.
The suspected lunatic said he drew his
pay. about $!.">). when ho was mustered
out, and took lodgings on Fifth street,
opposite The Mint. in San Francisco. He
bought some clothes, went out to see tha
town, and knew nothing till he woke up
in the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn
ing. He does not remember how he came
to Oakland. Chaplain Isaacs corro
borated the soldier's story and said he
bad a s-ood reputation. Judge Ogden
postponed further examination until to
morrow to see if the patient fully re
covered Ids reason.
THREE TIMES AND OUT.
Daniel Tray and Wife Want to Quit
Again.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— Ex-Trustee Daniel
Tray of Pleasanton and his wife. May,
have been thrice married and twice di
vorced since they first swore fidelity to
each other twenty years ago. and now
they are seeking their third divorce.
Daniel Tray is a blacksmith, and at one
time was a member of the Board of
Town Trustees of Pleasanton. It was
over twenty years ago that he first mar
ried the wife now for the third time ask
ing a divorce. They got along well enough
for several years, then quarreled and were
divorced. A few months later they re
married. In ISB9 they were a second time
divorced, but found time In IS9O to go
before Judge Hebbard ln San Francisco
and be married again, Now Mrs. Tray
has found out. she avers, that Daniel Is
too cruel to live with. She says he has
beaten her so badly that she was unable
to lift up her arms for days. Finally, she
declares, he threw her outside the house
and locked the door. Mrs. Tray now asks
$75 a month alimony and one-half the
community property, which is worth $3000.
A DISTRESSING DEATH.
Little Anna Perry Drinks Poisonous
Toothache Drops.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Anna Perry, a
pretty little girl three and a half years
old. died to-night under most distressing
circumstances. Anna was playing in the
yard this evening and and a bottle of
"toothache drops. She playfully took a
drink of the stuff and was at once over
come by its effect. Her mother rushed
with her only child to the Receiving Hos
pital and for four hours Drs. Rowe and
Stratton and Steward Bore her tried
every possible device to restore conscious
ness", but the little child's constitution
could not withstand the deadly effect of
the drug. The contents of the child's
stomach showed that she had taken a
large quantity of opium. While the little
child was dying the frantic young mother
became so violent with grief that three
men were required to hold her.
Squeezed, but Screamed Not
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— The troubles of
the Pantoskeys were partly retold to
Judge Grectie to-day. Mrs. Rica Pantos
kev wants alimony, and she told the old
story of how her husband had got drunk
and abused her shortly after marriage.
She sho.ved her wifely sense of
duty by once • going to a stable
to help her very aged husband
to fix up the horse. He returned
her kindness by squeezing her arm
severely, hut the lady testiiled that she
did not scream because she would be
ashamed to let anybody know that her
husband was hurting her so shortly after
their marriage.
There is a host of witnesses on either
side and the trial will occupy several
sessions.
;>''./ Slept the Sleep of Death.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— Mrs. Simon Drew,
wife of a blacksmith living in West Oak
land, tried to rouse her husband this
morning, but he was sleeping the sleep
it death. A few days ago Drew com
plained of a co-Id. which kept him at
heme. This morning a neighbor called
;o see Mrs. Drew, and desiring to speak
:o the husband the two women went to
his couch and tried to wake him. The
kroner will hold an Inquest to-morrow.
Prospective Policemen.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— At this morning's
meeting of the Police and Fire Com
missioners the following candidates were
placed on the eligible list of the Police
Department: John A. Gardner. H. M.
Krciss, James H. Smith. Ed M. Skain,
Luther S. Munson, O. ,J. Lairg. L. G.
Parker, T. Brown, C. Jorgenson, J. D.
Tobln. F. G. Thompson. Jay D. Vestal.
W. Hunter and C. W. Kohl.
Judge Stetson to Wed.
OAKLAND. Oct. Jo ■:■-■ John W.
Stetson is to marry Miss Alice Harlow of
Los Gatos. The Judge is president of the
Untty Club of the Starr King Fraternity,
is a graduate of the university, and was
formerly a newspaper man. His bride to
be is the daughter of a Santa Clara capi
talist. The wedding will take place on
October 25.
Glascock for Trustee.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— Ex-Mayor John
R. Glascock has been named as successor
to the late Judge J. A. Stanly as a mem
ber of the Merritt Hospital trust. The
other trustees. Dr. A. J. Russell and P.
L. Wheeler made the selection.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899,
NEW BOARD OF
HOMEOPATHS
•PRCS. N CHAMBERLAIN-
_^j
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— The Alameda
County Homeopathic Medical Society at
its annual meeting elected the following
officers:
President. W. H. Chamberlain: vice
president. Dr. Alice Bush; secretary and
treasurer. Dr. Lillian A. Dell; censors,
Drs. R. L. Hill, & J. Fenton. T. A. L.
Cunningham.
The election was followed by speak
ing and a banquet, enlivened by the
Temple Quartet. Those bo attended
were Dr. J. M. Selfridee. Dr. and Mrs. C.
M. Selfrldge, Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham.
Dr. and Mrs. A. K. Crawford, Dr. George
H. Martin, Dr. Eleanor F. Martin. Dr.
A. S. Larkejr. Dr. S. J. Fentoi Dr. Alice
Bush. Dr. Lillian A. Dell, Dr. C. B.
Schoneid, Dr. and Mrs. R. L. Hill. Dr.
and Mrs. M. H. Chamberlain, Dr. Luolla
Stone. Dr. Whitworth, Dr. Wall. Dr. Rls
don. Mr. and Mrs. Dyer, Mrs. Little, Dr.
Ballard and Dr. Shir.nick.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.
Listen to Addresses Delivered by a
Number of Prominent Educators
in Alameda.
ALAMEDA. Oct 11.— The first Teachers'
Institute ever held In this city convened
at the Unitarian church at 9 o'clock this
morning. Superintendent of Schools
Hughes presided. All the teachers were
present. The County Superintendent of
Schools was the first speaker. After a
few preliminary remarks he read a paper
on "The Character-forming Power of the
Teacher." Miss Ida Fisher, supervisor of
music in the public schools, sang "A
Dream." by Bartlett Frank Otis of the
Board of Education delivered an address.
He was followed by Dr. O. P. Jenkins of
Stanford University, who delivered a few
remarks Introductory to his succeeeding
talks during the Institute. This evening
the teachers gave a reception to the pa
trons of the schools. An excellent musical
and literary programme was rendered.
Harnden-Holmes Wedding.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 11.— The wedding of
Miss Elsie Harnden, daughter of Mrs. F.
A. Harnden of 1137 Broadway, and Robert
L. Holmes took place last evening at the
Unitarian church. Rev. George R. Dod
son. pastor of the church, officiated. The
parlors cf the church had been hand
somely decorated for the occasion by the
frier. - of the young couple. The bride
was dressed in a becoming gown of white
taffeta and carried a single white rose.
Miss Roberta Harnden. the maid of honor,
wore pink. Robert Harnden acted as best
man. A few of the most Intimate friends
accompanied the bridal party to the
bride's home, where an informal reception
was held. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes will re
side in San Francisco.
Funeral of the Slain Burglar.
ALAMEDA. Oct 11— Ina Wlllmore, the
sister of the man who was shot to death
Monday morning - by Chief of Police Con
rad, was in Alameda to-day and made ar
rangements for the funeral. The services
will be held to-morrow afternoon at the
under) establishment of Deputy
Coroner Fowler. The interment will be at
Mountain View Cemetery.
Reception to Mrs. Wheeler.
BERKELEY, Oct. 11.— The Town and
sown Club, composed of the wives of
he professors of the University of Call
'omia and the society ladies of the uni
versity town, will give a public reception
:ext Monday afternoon in honor of Mrs.
Vheeler, wife of President Benjamin Ide
SVheeler. The affair will be held ln tne
["own and Gcwn Club's new clubhouse on
he corner of Dwlght way and Dana
street. On Saturday afternoon Mrs.
Vheeler will attend a reception given in
i-r honor by Mrs. Bernard P. Moses on
College avenue.
Mrs. Hearst's Residence.
BERK X LEY. Oct. 11.— Mrs. Phebe
-learst has leased the Pennoyer residence
in Charming way and will reside th»re
his winter. A large building is being
mnexed to the house in which Mrs.
iearst Intends to hold receptions for the
acuity and student body of the Uni
versity of California. The build'- is to
>c 145 by SO, and will be furnished elabo
ately with curios which Mrs. Hearst has
ollected from all parts of the world.
■ m m
OPPOSED TO ROBERTS.
Resolutions Adopted by the Conven
tion of Congregationalists.
PASADENA, Oct. 11.— To-day the
annual Southern California Convention of
regationallata adopted the following
radical resolutions:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this
association that Brigham H. Roberts,
representative-elect to Congress from
Utah, a confessed polygamist, be expelled
from the House, and that we petition our
representatives in Congress and our Sena
tors to usi their utmost efforts to secure
this result.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolu
tion be sent to our representatives and
Senators.
Resolved. That this association earnestly
recommends to all Its ministers that they
exercise '.he greatest caution before con
senting in the name of religion to officiate
at the marriage of any divorced person.
That it further recommends that under
no circumstances should its ministers
officiate at the marriage of any person
who has been the guilty party divorced
for infidelity.
Resolved, That a committee be ap
pointed, to secure Intelligent expression
on the question of church taxation and
elect an advisory committee to co-operate
in the movement with similar committees
of other denominations.
MAGEE-MHOON
NUPTIALS AT
TRINITY CHURCH
Society Attends the
Pretty Ceremony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 11.
One of the most brilliant weddings of '
the season took piace this afternoon at 1 :
o'clock at Trinity Episcopal Church, when
Miss Martha Bell Mhoon and Frederick '■
English Magee were married in the pres- I
ence of a large and very fashionable audi- j
ence.
The church was made a perfect autumn
bower by the elaborate decorations of
autumnal foliage. The chancel was ar
tistic in tropical plants and gorgeous pink
chrysanthemums. The afternoon light
through the stained glass windows made
the scene extremely picturesque.
Long before the hour the church was
filled with the representative families of
the city, and promptly at 4 o'clock, to the
music of Lohengrin, the wedding party
; appeared. The best man was Walter Ma
! gee, and the ushers were Horace Miller,
! Sam Bell McKee, Samuel McKee Mhoon.
Vail Bake well, Sheffield Sanborn and
Frank King.
Following them were the bridesmaids,
the Misses Florence Dunham, Florence
Selby, Juliet Garber and Helen Boss.
After them came the maid of honor. Miss
Amy Marguerite McKee, and following l
her was the bride, leaning on the arm of
her father. Major John B. Mhoon.
i The costumes worn by the I ride and her |
: attendants were artistic and very elegant.
The bridesmaids wore gowns of pink I
crepe de chine, made over skirts of mous- i
seline de sole and elaborately trimmed :
with ruffles. They carried immense bou- !
quets of Caroline Testa roses. The brides- !
maids and the maid of honor wore bon
nets made of green leaves and pink roses,
so that when they were grouped in the
chancel the color scheme was very bright
and effective. Miss McKee wore a gown i
of white lace beautifully arranged over
white taffeta silk. She carried an immense I
bouquet of American Beauty roses and
wore a dainty bonnet made of them.
Miss Mhoon's gown was of white tulle
elaborately made over white taffeta. It
was trimmed with ruffles daintily edged
with lace, and the corsage was finished
with a trimming of superb Valenciennes
lace. Valenciennes lace was also most ar- :
tistically appliqued on the skirt. The bride
wore a long tulle wedding veil, and a
large bouquet of bride's roses completed a
very exquisite costume.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Mr. Ritchie, assisted by the Rev. I
Mr. Bakewell, after which the wedding
I party and the immediate relatives were j
driven to the home of the bride, which |
was superbly decorated for the occasion, j
After an informal reception the wedding
supper was served. The bride's table was I
prettily -rated with pink. An immense
basket filled with La France roses was in
the center of the table, and the candela
bra were bright with pink shades. At the
bride's table were Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
English Magee, Miss Amy McKee. Samuel
McKee Mhoon, Florence Selby, James Mc- |
Kee. Carrie Haven, Horace Miller. Fanny |
Baldwin of San Francisco, Sheffield San
born Helen Boss and Frank King of San j
Francisco. Julita - a van. Sam Bell Mc- l
Kee, Florence Dunham. Vail Bakewell, !
Juliet Garber. Paul Miller, Mrs. Norman !
Lang md Walter Magee.
After the supper Mr. and Mrs. Magee I
left for San Francisco. The bride's going j
away gown was made of dark navy blue
cloth; with a navy blue traveling hat to
match.
There were many guests from San Fran
cisco, and the costumes were the most
elaborate seen at any social gathering this
season. The bride has been a very popu- '
lar member of society, and the groom, the
son of Thomas Magee. is well known.
Among the many prominent people tn
attendance at the church were: Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Magee. Mr. and Mrs. Albert
Millar, the Misses Herrick. Mr. and Mrs. I
Orestes Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. T. i
Watkinson, Mr. and Mrs. George Near !
Sr., Mr. and Mrs. George McNear Jr.. Mrs \
James Moffitt. Mrs. Herbert Moffitt. Mr.
and Mrs. Will Magee. Mr. and Mrs. W. G. j
Henshaw. Miss HolUe Conners, Mrs. J. j
M. Driscoll. Mrs. Prentiss Selby. Mr. and {
Mrs. George Greenwood. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles D. Haven. C. O. G. Miller. H. M. I
A. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Clay, j
Mr. and Mrs. Donald Y. Campbell, Mrs.
A. P. Bray ton. Mr. and Mrs. John R.
Glascock. Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Ginn. Mr.
and Mrs. W. P. Johnson, the Misses
Palmar. Miss Nicholson, Silas Palmer, j
Prentiss Selbv. Mrs. Alfred Eastland, Mr. i
Hutchinson, Martin and Belle Hutchinson, j
PIONEER TEACHER'S FUNERAL.
Thomas H. Way, Who Taught San
Francisco's First School, Laid
to Rest.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 11.— The funeral of the
late Thomas H. Way took place at 11
o'clock this morning from the residence.
comer of Madison and Market streets.
Rev. W. W. Scudder officiated.
Deceased was a pioneer of the State,
having come to California during the first
rush for gold. He located in San Fran
cisco, and during the year 1*49 Mr. Way
and his wife taught the first school
opened In San Francisco and took the
first pupils to receive instruction in that
city.
Mr. and Mr«. Way were both born In
England, in which country they had both
been thoroughly educated. Mr. Way was
an accomplished Latin and Greek scholar,
and Mrs. Way. whose maiden name was
Maria Wheeler, was proficient in music
and French particularly. The young peo
ple both went to Sydney. Australia, and
there met and were married, fifty years
ago this month. They had decided to come
to San Francisco and open a school there,
and Mr. Way had a house ready built, in
sections, to take along. They embarked
for the new El Dorado at once, spending
their honeymoon on the ocean. Arriving
in San Francisco, they put their house
together and in due time put up a sign
that pupils would be taken, the first of
the kind in the then rapidly growing min
ing camp. The school prospered from the
start, and i; was not long before It oe
came necessary to seek larger quarters
A larger building was erected on Bryant
street, in the old South Park district, to
which the school was later on removed.
In the earlier days they received as high
as ». X) per month for the tuition of a sin
gle pupil. The greater part of the couple's
active life was given up to their private
school. For a brief period they were em
ployed at the University of the Pacific,
he as a teacher of Latin and Greek and
she as a teacher of music. They contin
ued their residence in South Park, San
Francisco, until seven years ago, when
they came to this city to reside
Mr. Way was -in earnest Christian and
devoted a great deal of time to church
and mission work. For many years ue
was superintendent of the Chinese Sun
day school of the First Congregational
Church of San Francisco. He was also a
deacon of that church. Since his residence
in this city Mr. Way has been prominent
in the First Congregational Church here
and was greatly respected and esteemed'
by all who knew him. Mrs. Way survives
her husband.
NUMEROUS USEFUL GIFTS
FOR FABIOLA HOSPITAL
. OAKLAND. Oct. IL— The ladles of Fab
iola Hospital have reported that their
annual donation reception was unusually
successful. Those who contributed
are:
A friend. $100: Miss Elizabeth Powell.
$1; Miss Ellen Garvan, $1 50; Mrs. Amelia
Haas, San Francisco. $5; John Des
mond, $1». Mrs. A. Schilling, $5: Mrs. Wil
liam Clift, 15; Mrs. P. N. Remillard. $3;
Mrs. William Moller. $10: Mrs. J. L. Dris
coll. $5; Mrs. James Moffitt, $5: Mrs. Allen
Wilson. $5; Mrs. Thomas Crellin, $20: Mrs.
Sarah Shafter. $20; Mrs. Edward Tayjor,
$5: S. H. Wilson, $2 50; H. Harfst. $1; Rev.
Father Serda, $3; Mrs. Landers. $10: Dr.
Shlnnlck. $10; Mrs. Archie Borland. $3;
Mrs. William R. Davis, $6; Mrs. S. T.
Alexander. $25; Mrs. Edward Remillard,
$5; Mrs. W. W. Standeford, $5; Mrs. R. G.
Brown. $20; Mrs. Albert Brown, $5; I. Re
qua, $20; Mrs. I. Requa, $10; Mrs. F. L.
Merchant, $2"; Mrs. Stevens, $2 50; Oak
land Lodge No. US, F. and A. M., ISO;
Mrs. George H. Dornin, $5.
Donors of other gifts were: F. R. Gir
ard. Mrs. M. A. Cahill. Mrs. William
Clift, Mrs. Hugh Hogan, Mrs. E. A. Whit
taker. Mrs. A. Burrell, Mrs. Allen Wil
son, Mrs. H. B. Lathrop, Miss Lizzie
right. Miss Helen Dornan. Miss Helen
Bedle Cook, Mrs. A. D. Freeman, Mrs.
Oscar Long, Edwards & Co., Mrs. H. E.
Cook, Helmke & Champion, Mrs. Austin,
Mrs. Grace Outram, Mrs. E. R. Wheeler,
Mrs. Joshua Dunbar, Mrs. E. R. Tutt.
Mrs. S. T. Alexander. Mrs. Gilpin, Mrs.
J. C. Wilson. Mrs. Henshaw. N. "W. Mai
lory. Alice and Edith Hoyt. Edith Flint,
Mrs. E. M. Herrick. Mrs. White, Mrs. S.
M. Oilman. Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge. Fred
Becker, Mrs. W. F. Lewis, Mrs. N. W.
Tucker, Mrs. E. A. Heron. Mrs. A.
Wright. Mrs. W. H. Friend. Mrs. J. N.
Knowles, Agard & Co.. Mrs. O. P. Down
ing, Max Schultze, Mrs. C. W. Armes,
Mrs. Maxwell, Mrs. O. C. Kirk. Mrs. Per
cy, Mrs. E. F. Ranshaw, Mrs. Major
Wood, Mrs. S. M. Babbitt. Mrs. J. C.
Palmer, Mrs. George D. Dornin, Abra
hamson Bros., Salinger Bros., Sunset
Grocery, Taft & Pennoyer, M. S. Smith
& Sons, Mrs. A. M. Rosborough; Howell
Dorman Co., jirs. B. Haven, Mrs. W. E.
Sharon, Mrs. Brewer, Owl Drugstore,
Mrs. G. W. Kelly. Mrs. J. S. Emery. Mrs.
Mygatt. Mrs. Paulsen. Mrs. Noyes. A.
G. Freeman. Mrs. E. A. Whitt.iker. Mrs.
C. H. Ball. J. J. Hanifin, Mrs. A. W. Bur
rell. Mrs. H. L. Durkee, Mrs. G. E. Fair
child. Mrs. Will Angus, A. Wright, Mrs.
A. Banning. Itrs. S. Anderson. Mrs. P.
Selby. Miss Jeannette C. Haight, J. A.
Folger. Mrs. R. W. McChesney. Torrey
& Gardiner. H. D. dishing. Mrs. E. M.
Freeman, Mrs. E. B. Jerome, Mrs. F. E.
Stoddard. Mrs. Reml Chabot and Miss
Mollie Connors.
LOUISA KOPP ON TRIAL.
She Shot Her Husband During a
Family Quarrel.
Louisa Kopp was placed on trial before
Judge Dunne yesterday on a charge of
manslaughter for having killed her hus
band, Charles Kopp, during a family
quarrel on the night of June 28 last. The
killing occurred at the defendant's home,
Lewis street, between Taylor and Jones
streets. The following jurors were select
ed to try the defendant: James W. Ger
ard, Julius Wal.'man. Reuben R. Haskell,
John Q. Adams. James W. Kerr. William
D. Farrell. James McCullough, J. W.
Westover. J. Lowney. John Nagle, Charles
Sagehorn and William Stratham.
After the jury had been selected the de
fendant's daughter was placed on the
stand and told the Story of the shooting;
how her father had abused her mother,
and then, when he was about to commit
further violence, she had shot him. The
trial will be resumed this morning.
LOG RAFTS A MENACE TO
SHIPS AND PASSENGERS
THOUSANDS OF LIVES ENDAN
GERED BY DERELICTS.
I The gigantic log rafts, whose tendency !
| to go off on cruises by themselves while
j being towed from port to port along the!
| Pacific Coast have rendered them a source
I of great danger to shipping, are doomed.
; Representatives of a number of influential
; organizations of San Francisco met in the :
ferry building last night and organized a
committee for the purpose of securing the
passage of a bill by Congress prohibiting
these unwieldy masses of lumber from en- I
tering or leaving any port on this coast.
Among those present were: Cap
tain H. Taylor (president), R. j
N. Pippey (secretary). Captain L. i
U. Harvey of the Masters' and Pilots'
Association, President Thomas McConneli I
' and John Hoyson of the Shipwrights As- I
1 sociation. Secretary A. Furuseth and W.
Macarthur of the Seamen's Union and j
Captain Thomas Wallace of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. Notice was
also received that James Tyson had been
I appointed to represent the Chamber of \
Commerce and H. Jacobson to represent
the Mutual Life Insurance Company. The
Calkers" Union and other organizations '
will also be represented on the commit
tee.
Captain Wallace voiced the sentiment <f
the meeting when he cieciareu uutc the
' log rafts were the most to be feared of
! ah dangers to sea navigation.
"Thousands of lives were endangered by '
'■ the raft of logs which has recently been
towed into this port after drifting about
for three weeks," he said. "Fully 20.1 M)
soldiers entered and left San Francisco
on the transports during that brief pc- i
! riod, in addition to the thousands of pas
: sengers on other vessels. If any of these |
; ships had struck that raft they would
have gone to the bottom, and enormous
i loss of life would have resulted. A dere
; lict raft is like a huge rock out in mid
: ocean with no signal lights to warn ap
; preaching vessels and no convenient shore ;
i to which passengers might escape after :
the wrecking of their ship."
On motion of Captain Wallace, the sec
< retary was instructed to compile a tabu
; lated statement of the number of ships
that arrived and departed from this port
while the • derelict raft was adrift, to
gether with the number of passengers on
each and the value of the ships and their
cargoes. This statement will be attached
to a petition which will be sent to every
member of Congress, asking for an
amendment to the navigation laws pro
hibiting log rafts from entering or leav
ing a port on the Pacific Coast.
A bill of this kind was introduced at the
last session of Congress and passed by
the Senate, but failed to get through the
House owing to the pressure of other
business. This time it is proposed to keep
up the agitation until the measure is en
acted into law. An invitation was extend
ed to all other organizations to send rep
resentatives to co-operate with the com
mittee, and then an adjournment was
taken until next Wednesday night.
PROBABLY FATAL FALL.
I. J. Maccabe, Attorney, Has His
Skull Badly Fractured in a
Florist's Store.
I. J. Maccabe, an attorney at Larkin
and Grove streets, met with an accident
yesterday that will probably prove fatal.
He went into the store of J. T. Miller, 131
Larkin street, to purchase a bouquet of
flowers for Sergeant Motrin's wife, as he
is a friend of the sergeant, and while
Miller was preparing the- bouquet Mac
cabe fell and his head struck against the
counter. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in an unconscious condition and
Dr. Stephen found that his skull had been i
badly fractured and his chances for recov- i
cry were doubtful.
Maccabe came to this city from New
York about eight years ago and estab- ;
lished an office on Market street, giving
advice gratis. He is said to own mines ■
ln Colorado and to be worth about $50,000.
His friends say that before coming to
this country he was a Judge in England. \
He Is a man about 58 years of age and a
year ago was married to a much younger
woman. The union was not congenial and
after a few months she left him and is
now residing with friends In Ferndaie. -
Wash.
USES KNOCK-OUT DROPS.
Ernest Fuhrman, Alia 3 Herman, Held
on a Charge of Grand Larceny.
Ernest Fuhrmnn. alias Herman, was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan on a charge
of grand larceny In $3000 bonds. He met
Francis Bryan, a member of the First
California Regiment, in a saloon on Third
street and after giving him knock-out
drops in his beer took him to a lodging
house and robbed him of *•">•'
. Fuhrman declared that he was a gen
tleman and was never arrested before.
Detective Bainbridge was '-ailed into
court and soon recognized him as a no
torious "knock-out drops" man. He re
cently got five months from Judge Conlan
and was twice arrested for assault to rob.
When Bryan caught him a few days after
the robbery on the water front he threw
away a bottle which was found to con
tain* the drops.
Youths' "Directory Pair.
The Youths' Directory fair at Armory-
Hall is drawing larger houses continually.
Last evening the Jewish Orphan Asylum
band played. Miss May McCarthy read
and Miss K. ODea furnish*--'! a piano solo.
This evening St. Joseph's Union booth
will provide a varied entertainment. The
programme includes performances by
Professor Graeber's mandolin club of
fifty members, vocal solos by Messrs.
Sandy and Manlloyd and . Miss Kitty ;
Black and an address on Marconi's wire- j
less telegraphy, illustrated, by Eustace
Cullinan. The Celtic Union has arranged !
for an Irish night, which will probably be
Friday night. Next Tuesday evening a '
dramatic entertainment and dance will j
be given at Native Sons' Hall for the ■
benefit of the fair. ]
AXVEBTxSEMENTS.
Anhcuscr-Busch Brewing Ass'n
jy Makes a specialty of bot-
tied Beers for family use.
'^^^^^^^ Tne materials used for
their brews are the very
Si^^^^Ar best obtainable both in
w^^^^e^S this country and abroad.
CORN, which is so generally used by other brewers, does not
enter into the products of the
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N,
hence their motto* "Not How Cheap, but How Good."
y^" // jk/^^L * —"the Greatest of Tonics." Invigorates,
4/^42** / J/ftf£*£/&?' rejuvenates and prolongs life.
MM3WWMMBaM«»MWMMW— P—a.ftUfItI..I.I-IWII ■ ■«— MLIU IMK3MI W'! 1 ' '■ 1 1 ———————
!
nra a a a"a"a'B"g~a"B"o"g isisirinrsTrsirsini y irsvTrsis'isirsirirs r&nrtfTff TnnrsTnro
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK,
it -
i THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY
£ Season 18991900. Now Being Compiled.
>o
>o
)o The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed
p on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega-
g moid" leather, with a handsome design in geld leaf on the outside of the front
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow-
Jo lr.g to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad-
Yd dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the
>© names of persons cf recognized social standing; a list of club members, with
rj their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents,
5 and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be
Jo permanently located for the winter.
)o Address all changes to
S CHARLES C. HOAG, Ed tor and Publisher,
U 225 Post Street. San Francisco.
» Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, An Stationer, 225 Post street.
C&JLPJLJLSL£JLPJLSLPJi^^ 2. 2JL2JLSL2.2JUL2JLSi2JULJi2Ji2JL2^ 2
PRESBYTERIANS OPPOSED
TO CHURCH TAXATION
Interesting All-Day Session of the
United Presbytery— A Pictur
esque Hindoo Ceremony.
The United Presbyterian Presbytery of
San Francisco met in continued session at
the First U. P. Church, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street, yesterday
morning and was constituted by the mod
erator, Dr. H. H. Bell. Rev. J. M. French
of Oakland, the stated clerk, being absent
on account of serious sickness. Rev. Will
iam H. Fulton of Alameda was elected
clerk pro tempore. Rev. J. H. McArthur
of the Reformed Presbyterian church was
asked to sit as a consultative member of
the presbytery. .
San Jose was taken up as a special mis
sion. H. R. Snyder of Wisconsin was ap
pointed missionary to Agenda. Castro
ville and Prunedale. The Rev. H. C.
White of <'lav County, Kansas, was re
ceived from the Reformed Presbyterian
church general synod, and assigned to
the work at Fowler. A call from the
Easton church was presented for the
pastoral services of Dr. William H.
French, formerly of Rushville, Ind.
In the afternoon the Presbyterian con
vention of the Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor convened. Rev. Will
iam H. Fulton, the spirited young pastor
of the Alameda church, presided and de
livered the annual address. The speech
was strong in thought, forcibly delivered
and full of stirring- appeal. Reports were
presented from the various societies,
which showed great progress during the
past year. . . ,
Dr. Maria White, a returned mission
ary, gave an address on medical work in
India, in which she set forth the super
stition in vogue and the inhuman methods
practiced by heathen medicine men. She
argued that the medical missionary Is the
only one able to teach the heathen
masses. . ,
At the opening of the evening confer
ence George H. Daugherty of Salinas con
ducted a praise service, after which an
address on "The Past of the Young Peo
ple's Movement" was given by the Rev.
H. C. Whit-, recently of Clay County,
Kansas. George P. Lowell of Oakland,
State president of the Y. P. S. C. £.., de
livered a stirring address on "The IDOO
State Convention."
A male quartet composed of George A.
Daughertv and Rev. W. H. Fulton,
bassos, arid W. C. Hearn and Mr. Tobin,
tenors.'rendered some fine music.
The social event of the evening was a
"Hindoo marriage ceremony," conducted
by Dr. Maria White, recently of India.
The ceremony was only a short part of
that observed in India, where the whole
ceremony covers a period of three weeks.
The oldest bride of India is never more
than 12 years of age, and may be mar
ried at the age of two months. Often a
child cf seven is wedded to a man of 7')
years. The officiating priest was a gray
headed sage. The groom, seated on top
of a high table, awaited his bride, who
was carried on a chair by a retinue of
servants. In the ceremony the shoes of
the bride and groom were exchanged.
Heathen incantations predominated
through the entire ceremony.
Resolutions were passed at the morning
session that Congress be petitioned not
to seat B. H. Roberts of Utah, because
of his polygamous views: and also in
dorsing the effort now being made to ex
empt church property from taxation and
pledging themselves to assist in the ac
complishment of this end.
VETERAN FIREMEN
Entertained ii- Pioneer Hall by the
Members of the Ladies' Auxiliary.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Veteran
Firemen's Association, of which Mrs. £.
Andrews is president, Mrs. J. Kavana^h
financial secretary, Miss Amy Hughes re
cording secretary and Mrs. John Roberts
treasurer, gave its first social and ban
quet last night in Pioneer Hall to the
members of the parent association.
There was a large attendance of the old
volunteer firemen, members of the aux
iliary and friends who had received
special Invitation, end after enjoying a
programme of dances and songs of the
days of the volunteer fire department
by several of the veterans, there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where ail enjoyed a supper provided by
the/ ladles. This was the first of a series
of/social entertainments that the ladies
propose getting up tor the benefit of the
men who "ran wid the old maaheen" in
tie early days of San Francisco. It was
conducted under th* direction of Mr-. M.
Bayreuther, Mrs. E. Andrews, Mrs.
Stephen Bonner. Mrs. Joseph Bender,
Miss Bonner. MlssJEtta Bonner, Miss N.
Dunn, Miss P. Couriers, Miss A. Hughes.
Miss Etta Fahrenkrusc. Mrs. John
Roberts. Mrs. John Darley, Mrs. M. Ryan.
Mrs. C. O'Kell and Mrs William Miller.
Colonel A. A. Andrews was floor manager
and Morris Baker warn his assistant.
Masons at Decoto.
The Masonic Grand Lodge held a short
session yesterday and transacted no busi
ness but the placing into the hands of s-.-v-
eral committees matters to be reported
on during the session. At 11 o'clock he
lodge was called oft' to enable about 303 of
the representatives to accept the invita
tion to visit the Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto. The visit was one with-
The ilippine War.
This contest is proving much mere stubborn
than we anticipated. It needs a vigorous con
test to straighten matters out. We should
tackle the Philippines and overcome them as
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters does dyspepsia.
indigestion, malaria, fever and ague and liver
and kidney diseases. The battle is short and
decisive, and for fifty years the Bitters has
always won. If you are ill. 'and 'don't know
what's wrong, try It.
out ceremony, and was merely for the
purpose of giving the representatives <>n
opportunity to see what a magnificent in
stitution has been erected in the name
of the order. There are now forty inmates
in the home.
To-day the Grand Lodge will resume its
labors, and to-night the Veteran Masons'
Association will elect its officers for the
ensuing term.
FOR ST. AGNES' CHURCH
Benefit Entertainment at the Home
of Mrs. Samuel McFadden.
A musical entertainment and reception
was given last night for the benefit of St.
Agnes Church at the residence of Mrs.
Samuel- McFadden. 10SO Haight street.
The church is situated on Masonic ave
nue, between Pas- and Oak streets, and
the pastor. Rev. Father William P. Klrby,
is endeavoring to wipe out a debt of sev
eral thousand dollars.
A large and fashionable audience was
present at the benefit and enjoyed a pro
gramme of exceptional merit presented
by some of the best amateurs in the city.
It consisted of a minstrel first part and an
olio of clever specialties. Dancing con
cluded the evening's enjoyment, during
which light refreshments were served.
The programme in detail was as fol
lows:
Part I— lntroductory overture, com
pany; "Sally Horror Round the Corner."
Jack Robertson; "My Ann Elizer," Mai
Jurst; "The Girl I Left In Dixie," Oscar
S. Prank; recitation. "Beer und Its Re
sults," Dr. W. H. Sieberst; "Four Leaf
Clover." W. H. Ogiivie: "It Didn't Take
Long to Do," W. J. Hynes; "I Think of
Thee. W. J. O'Brien.
Part 2— Banjo solo. William McCorry;
soprano solo. Miss Rodgers; specialties
J Rosoorough; American hornpipe. Miss
Anna Shean; piano duet, Arthur and Her
bert Spencer; specialties, Frank Shean;
bass solo. L. A. Larsen. '
The hostess, Mrs. Samuel McFadden.
was assisted in receiving by Mrs. P. J
Harney. Mrs. J. J. O'Brien, Mrs. A. Mar
tin, Mrs. M. R. Kavanaugh. Mrs. E. Col
lins Mrs. J. Eagan. Mrs. I. Tadlch. Mrs.
G. McKinnon Miss M. H. Atkinson. Miss
S. McClosky. Miss G. McClosky. Miss R.
Ryan Miss E. Lynch. Miss M. Lynch.
Miss S. Martin, Miss P. McGrath. Miss A.
Kavanaugh. Samuel McFadden. Major P
J. Harney. J. J. O'Brien, Edward Collins.
Concert to Aid Benevolent Britons.
As president of the British Benevolent
Society of California, her Britannic Ma
jesty's Consul General begs to remind all
British subjects, and all American citi
zens who were born under the British
flag, that the concert which is to be
given in Sherman & Clay's hall on Satur
day afternoon next in aid of the society's
funds will be a performance by skilled
musicians, and that the society has un
deniable claim to support from all per
sons herein addressed, its charity being
as wide as the appeal.
A Secretary Paralyzed.
James Pennycook. recording secretary
of the Veteran Firemen's Association of
California and of the Veterans' Associa
tion of the National Guard, while attend
ing to his duties at a meeting of the Fire
men's Association, was stricken with
paralysis. He was conveyed to- his home
and there is but little hope for his re
covery.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J C WILSON & CO-, ?^,y^£T&.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr
f W SMITH Shi P Plumbing. Steamboat
V- n ■ J.'lllll- an d Ship Work a Specialty, IS
and IS Washington St. Telephone Main MB,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
J AS- BOYES& CO-, R^'mfSr^mP
FURS.
JS I fIFsTATi * Keam y **-. upstairs. Latest
. 11. Jl.Hl/, ttjka, lowest prices, removing.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, £££ A £££
st. Caa nga at Every Description Mads to
Order. Tel. Black 1506.
PAPER DEALER 3.
WIT f IMFTTF ; "-" L? AND paper CO.
TT ILhAJILI 1£ 722 Montgomery street.
PRINT IN J.
t- C lit?), 511 Sansome at.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JLPD CO jg||ff|||
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
Te c e^. phic PARTRIDGE ■» SSS 0- '
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ffi§lll
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. st lta GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal la to*
. Market. Offlca and Tarda— Main atrtafc
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr^aclseo
Coll. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery street,
cornor Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, met Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
It* Eleventh street; open until • o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Hreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
LA~F>ARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. F. a
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY, _/\_
Oct 13, Sp. m. First degree. By or- Tt/T
dor of the W. M. '-T_
P. DE ST. JULLIEN.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— »
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) JL
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, at Mission ___£
Masonic Temple. 266S Mission et. P. r_r>
M. and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the
H. -P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. y__attii__*. '
F.. will initiate THIS EVENING, _a__2RK_ '
Oct. 12. 1899. Visitors cordially in- : ~sgS3j*s_? 1
vited. Tmm* |
F. L. TURPIN. Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASH WORTH. Rec, Sec.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle A "_T __
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) % QdJ
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 t_X_>
O'Farrell st, at 8 o'clock. Business *-"*•»
of Importance. A full attendance requested.
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street, j
in the city and county of San Francisco. !
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
26th day of October. 1899. at the hour of 11
o'clock a m., for the purpose of electing a I
board of directors to serve for the ensuing j
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1599, at li o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Slme
Company— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of The Slme Company will be held at
the inn- office of the company in San
Francisco. Cal., on WEDNESDAY, the 18th !
day cf October, IS9O. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for |
the purpose of electing directors and for the |
transaction of such other business as may j
properly come before the meeting.
ALRERT -'. AIKEN. President.
Dated October 7. ' -■-■ !
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 CaJ st., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref. ;
~ I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; pro-
secute or defend lawsuits ln all courts on con-
tingent fees; employ able counsel; loan money
on any kind of security. Advice free, by mall
or at "office, 214 Pine st., room 64.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron- I
icle building; no advance charges; all cases; |
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate |
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; i
no fee without success; collections. O. W. |
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 988 Market st. opp. Mason;
consultation free: moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927 |
Market: consultation free; no fees ln advance. I
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma !
Bpreckela building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mast
BATH CABINETS— THERM L.
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding !
like a screen: one panel opening as a door; j
caii and see It: descriptive booklet free. W. I
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLE Rr.PAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market n_d Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
O'FARRELL, 742 Clean comfortable rooms; su- j
perior table board; bath, gas, piano; rates rea-
sonable.
ELLIS, 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with !
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
ELLIS, Nice sunny rooms en suite or I
single with excellent table board.
MARKET. 1820 (Las Palmas)— Suite of ! or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional. !
POST. 732— Rooms and board for either two
ladies or gentlemen; terms very reasonable; :
strictly private family.
POWELL, 309 (The Waldorf)— suites
and single, with or without board.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St., near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes, 85c;
lad's stylish lace or button i-hues, $1 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed free. PEOPLE'S
SHOE STORE. 13--3 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— PARTNER wanted with $400 ln good-paying
water-front saloon; splendidly paying; best
location. Call R. G. WILKE, 806 Market st. !
A— s4so— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell st.. Including 4 rooms, daily re-
ceipts $10; rent $25; a splendid offer. R. G. ■
WILKE. 606 Market St.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar, dining- I
. room, etc.; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best part of this city, !
close to Market and Kearny; this first-class :
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for Inspection; price JSOOO. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar; j
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
. low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; Investigate at once. R. j
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— SISO— HOME bakery and notion store, with !
2 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
R. C. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s3so; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell I
ft; rent $35: first class; paying. Call WILKE.
1-06 Market st.
A— S6OO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors; !
choicest location; rent $35; dally receipts $25; !
meals not less than 25c; bargain. R. O. I
WILKE, 906 Market st
$4250— MILK ranch ln city; 64 cows, 7 horses, 3 i
wagons, fanning utensils; everything com- j
plete and in tip-top order: 48 cans; best class I
trade: offer one of best ever made; positively
full value In sight, with splendid business '
thrown In: full Investigation and trial If you j
mean business; none but principals. M
LESS. 765 Market at.
GENERAL merchandise business In country. -
bear full Investigation; 2 country hotels -and
restaurants; 2 branch bakeries; fine paying -
grocery stores and saloons; business of all
kinds bought, sold and exchanged: money I
loaned on lodging houses. Eitel. 10084 Market. :
WANTED— SISO for complete invention; great
chance to make big money. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$1300— SNAP; saloon; best location in city; near
Market St.: fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$500— CANDY" store; bargain; going East cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market. I
$600— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$400— BRAN' bakery, groceries, delicacies;
doing business $9 to $12 day; two weeks' trial
given: 5 living rooms; rent $20. JONES, 865
Market st '
A— GRAND opportunity for on active man:
small capital required; business clearing $126
per month. 917 Market st., room 2.
ELEGANT place for restaurant: connected
with lodging-house; north Market; 25 steady
boarders; must rent this week. Box 761. Call.
$60 BRANCH bakery: three rooms, partly fur-
nished; fine place for man and wife wishing
to serve meals. 1614 Pacific st., near Polk.
FOR sale— A corner grocery and saloon; on ac-
count of sickness. Northeast corner Battery
and Green sts.,
HOTEL, ranch, lodging-house or restaurant to
sell or trade. ALFA, 936 Market at.
FOR sale Cheap; fixtures and coffee mill of a
grocery store. Apply at 1270 Pacific st.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
AT cost, hardware store and locksmith: 3 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: good place
for a mechanic. Address box 215. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 6134 Jones
street
BRANCH bakery and notion store; 2 living
rooms. 806% Filbert st.
COAL yard for sale. 431 Third St.. corner
of Silver.
A FIRST-CLASS coffee and lunch place for
sale cheap; $2600, Address box 211. Call.
WOOD and coal yard; established; good loca-
tion: cheap rent. Box 795. ! Call office.
RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 100$ Hyde.
BUSINESS CHANCES- Continued.
LAW & LOAlTc^rinc-— Capital $100,000: will
invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
in all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel: advice free. 214 Pine St., room 64,
GOOD location for fruit store: fixtures In; two
rooms; rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor.
Clement; take Sutro car.
FOR sale— Bargain for the right party; corner
saloon, with lunch room; good selling reason;
no agents. 150 First st, comer Natoma.
CIGAR store: water ff-nt; must be sold; pro-
prietor deceased. AMy 227 Battery Bt.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds Of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tei. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., BS-40 Sth St.; tei. South 2uo.
- MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson st.; tei. South 223; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
lei Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at; tei. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
at; cleaning, 3c per yard; tei. Mission i 4,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tei. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTlcX'cTeanlng and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a .sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
ILAIRVO\ANTS AM) *i lul 1 L ALIsM.
MRS. DR. CLARK, . ...
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted on all aiTalrs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty locates trasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for Circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. DR. DUMOND,
Eminent clairvoyant and medium, lately ar-
rived from New York; truthful in her Predic-
tions; reliable ln her advice; the dlstlngu shed
clairvoyant and medium: those in trouble or
who wish to know their future should consult
this gifted medium on all matters of legiti-
mate business nature; mining, lawsuits, sepa-
ration* love, matrimony, lost or stolen prop-
erty; full reading by mail. $1, from lock of
hair or photo; satisfaction guaranteed. Office
1130 Market St., parlors 2 and 3.
MRS J J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never falls in her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet Post and Geary.
ARE there not in the lives of every one mo-
ments of hesitation, of irresolution, when you
need to seek secret advice and counsel. At
such times do you not stand In need of a reli-
able guide? Consult MME. MELBOURNE; a
visit will well repay you; hours, 1:30 to 6
p. m., 7 to 10 p. m. 612H Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St.. room 7, second floor.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails- satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m.,
7-10 p. m. ; 25c and 50c. 612H Eddy st.
CIRCLE to-day, 2 o'clock: 25c. 112% Oak at;
readings $1. C. STEERS.
MRS C J. MEYER, 335 McAllister: test meet-
ings Tues.. Thurs., 2, 8 p. m.. We slt'ng dally.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's, 60c. $1; test circles
Tues., Thurs., Frl., 8 p. m., 10c. 1035 Market.
MME HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth __________
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; {Sc up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; ratisfactlon guaranteed;
86c; reading by mall. $1. 9 Seventh st.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
YOUR future told by card.-, 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. Sun., 7tolo p. m. 106 Larkin st.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212-,. Sixth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. Pit O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH 1876, near Dolores— Sunny bay-
window cottages. 6 and 6 rooms; large base-
ment; yard cheap.
8 COTTAGES to let. furnished or unfurnished,
in San Quentln. 739 Pine st.
COTTAGE. 0 rooms, bath: sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
_; I' Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
DENTISTS.
A^DITT' S?ThTGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Ztnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the us- of electricity, gas
or chloroform; al6o by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 60 up; flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stri/nger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market stT^ near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 907 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 860 Market
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices revs. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; action guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. ■ 6th.
SET of teeth without a Plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market st. San Francisco; exam. free.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-puge catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey.assay.archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics!
etc. ; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin st, opp. City Hal!.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
1 ■
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPIIEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary et.; tei. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell; tei. East 426.
SAM KEE, 613 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. : phone Davis 821, ; '
EMPLOYMENT \\ ANTED FEMALE.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
LADIES desiring first-class help can secure
same by calling on, telephoning or addressing
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework. $10 to $15,
reference. Miss CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter et.
NEAT American, 'refined governess, teach
piano, singing, etc., wants situation as such
or any other work about house except cock-
ing. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
COOK, Scandinavian, superior in meats,
pastry. Ices, etc., best of referenoes, wants
situation at $35. Sea J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a first-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Suttee
A COMPETENT woman, middle-aged; good ba-
ker and housekeeper; kind to children; no
objection to Institution or neat family; city or
country. Call £36 Third st. :
WANTED— Position of trust by an Intelligent
business woman; No. 1 references. Box 479,
Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation do-
ing light housework or caring for the sick;
good references. Address 618 Fillmore st
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer,
typewriter and assistant bookkeeper. Ad-
dress box 733, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by a good German oook;
will do some housework; country preferred.
348 Third St.
YOUNG Eastern lady of refinement wishes a
position as companion to Invalid or governess
in a nice family. Address box 732, Call office.
_____
AS second girl or nurse to growing children;
good dressmaker; cuts and fits; wages $25;
city or country. E. R., box 727, Call.
STEADY' young woman wishes position to do
. light housework in small family. Address
' 1023 York st j
WOMAN wants chamber work by the month
or housework by the day. Apply 331 Mc-
Allister st
POSITION wanted as housekeeper by respect-
able American woman. Call bet. 9 and 12,
142*4 Fourth st, room 16.
COMPETENT German girl wants place, house-
work and cooking; small wash; wages $20.
Box 728, Call.
YOUNG -woman would like 1 or 2 children to
care for: mending and upstairs work; refer,
ence. SI6A Larkin st.
YOUNG girl wants general housework; nice
family. Please call 1929V4 Sutter st. :
YOUNG Swedish housework girl desires situa- ;
tion. Call 2854 Twenty-second St.
YOUNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper or will travel. Box 704, Call.
2 YOUNG women wish work, one to go out by
the day cleaning, washing and Ironing,
one to take washing home, barbers' towels,
etc. 1436 Pacific st.
NEAT Swedish girl would like a place ln
American family as cook. Call 424 Brannan.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call 160 Fourth st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work Address box 217, Call office.
WOMAN wishes sewing by day or will sew at
room. Call at flat 1275 Clay St.
yOUNG lady, graduate ln bookkeeping, will
give 1 or 2 months' service gratis for the ex-
perience. Address box 775, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener de-
sires situation in private place; can milk;
handy with tools; temperate habits; good ref-
erences. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh st.,
Oakland.
COACHMAN; Is a first-class all-round horse-
man; neat appearance and stylish driver; best
of city and San Mateo references. Address
box 734. Call.
YOUNG man 20 years old, strong and not afraid
of work, wishes situation; first-class refer-
ences. Box 1769, Call office.
CARPET cleaning wanted. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 952 Bush st:; telephone East 963.
BUTCHER— Good cutter and salesman would
like employment. Address box 730, Call.
A— MILK wagon driver; 3 years' city experi-
ence on double team; good driver; 23; Al city
refs. Box 756, Call, or 1601 Sanchez, after
7 cm.
WANTED Work by good reliable young man
at window and house cleaning; $1 50 a day.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st. ; telephone
East £63.
— _
YOUNG man thoroughly acquainted with city
wishes situation to drive delivery wagon;
best of references. Address box 748. Call.
' YOUNG man wishes a situation ln a dry goods
store; country or city; first-class reference.
Address box 754. Call.
GOOD entree cook wants situation where there
is no Sunday work; wages no object. W.
DOHNHURST. 606 Broadway.
i MACHINIST, young man, first-class bench-
hand, desires work; city or country. G. 8.,
525 Mission St.
I LICENSED engineer; competent; sober; well
recommended. Address 26 Steuart et.
; GERMAN man and wife want to get work in
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office. o-
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
In grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1505_ Franklin st.
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation
in private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 842 Du-
pont st.
YOUNG man wants labor work; Inside pre-
ferred. Box 252, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. Box 2166, Call.
SITUATION wanted by goldsmith ? practical
In all Its branches; able to tend business;
married; would like steady position; city or
i country. Address box 212, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
IN Berkeley— New house 6 rooms and bath,
chicken and washhouse; fine condition; value
• $1600; will trade, for city property with or
' without Improvement Address box 755, Call.
YOUNG, gentle buggy horse for horse suitable
for mountain travel; must be young, sound
, and good appearance. E. A., Call office,
Oakland. 1- ::■'■-*. V
FINANCIAL.
WANTED for Old-line life Insurance
policies. A. T. KELLIHER, The Raymond.
Oakland.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
■ HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
! tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.lald and lined.
! ?0c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-13*2 Stockton st. nr. Broadway.
NEWLY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath: furniture for sale cheap for cash. Ap-
ply 12 Eddy st., between 10 a. m. and 6 p. m.
HYDE, 316— Furniture of 7-room flat.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
; 7 range. King Furniture Co., :127-1131 Market.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st -. ■: ow
FURNITURE 'WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Mission st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— furniture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. SI lv erst em, 1121 Market.
FLATS TO LET.
CAPP. 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-thlrd; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
CLAYTON, 872, ■ south of Frederick— Modern
sunny fiat; 6 rooms and bath; cheajp.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
HARRIET. 270. off Sixth, near Bryant— Sunny
flats; 4 rooms; yard; $10.
HOWARD. 2726— Rear; $6; 2 sunny rooms, in-
cluding water, '•-.:•-;'
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MINNA. 639 A, bet. Seventh and Eighth— A mod-
ern flat; 6 sunny rooms; bath; yard; basement.
NOE, 695. NE. corner Nineteenth— up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free .
PINE. 1228, near Hyde Lower flat: 6 rooms;
yard; rent $16.
SCOTT, 1713— Flat 5 rooms and bath to rent.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens- modern: sunny
bay windows; for 2 families. ' 417% Third st.
SEVENTH, 464, corner Bryant— sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
WILLOW. 210, above Van Ness— Flat; 4 rooms.
$20—5 LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
ASHBURY, 714— Lower sunny furnished flat of
5 rooms and bath; near Golden Gate Park.
FURRIERS, FIRS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokee, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
-— -^— — — —~ _i
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
FIRST-CLASS solicitors, men or women, at
once; straight salary, besides commission.
Consolidated Flavoring Co.. 1484 Market St., S.
F., 2 to 5; 457 9th St.. Oakland, 10 to 11:30.
GOOD reliable agents wanted to Introduce a
25c article. 126 Kearny st, room 8.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child, city, $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Raymond, $20; free fare. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st
WOMAN with a child. Santa Rosa, $12. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st
HOUSEWORK girl, city, $25; 4 ln family.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter at.
2 COLORED cooks, country boarding-houses,
$26 and $30. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
, _ —
WANTED— cooks, country hotels, $35 and $40;
6 German and Scandinavian cooks, $30; 4
neat Protestant girls for housework in Amer-
ican families, $26; German girl, housework, 2
ln family. $25; 6 French, German and Irish
second girls for city and country, $20 and $25;
10 waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25;
German laundress, $25; a number of girls for
housework for city and country places too
numerous to advertise, $20 and $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO— PHONE GRANT 186
Cook for gentleman's club, $25 persons, $40;
cook, country hotel, $35; ironers, $10 a week;
plain laundresses, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses,
same country hotel, $20 each; 10 waitresses,
country hotel, $20; 10 waitresses, restaurants
and cafes, $5. $6, $7 a week; chambermaid,
$15; 3 nurse girls, $10, $12, $15; girls, house-
work, city and country, $15 to $25; cook, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 SECOND girls, $25 per month; 3 German and
Swedish cooks, $30 per month; 20 housework
girls, city and country, $2» and $25; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
WANTED— GirI for second work and care of
one child; must have city references. Call
at 1020 Page st, bet 10 and 12 a. m. and 2
and 4 p. m.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation; is a
good cook or will do housework; willing and
obliging. Please call 227 Minna st
EXPERIENCED operator on Bonaz braiding
machine; also a few girls for finishing work.
121 Post St., room 31.
WANTED— Scandinavian or German girl for
light housework; must be good cook. Apply
at 2623 California at
WANTED— Chambermaid to take care of 20
rooms, $4 50 week and room, no board. Ad-
dress box 763, Call.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st
YOUNG girl for housework. Call 3627 Seven-
teenth st.
WANTED GirI to assist ln general housework
in bakery. i-S0 Harrison st
WANTED— GirI for housework in bakery;
wages $10. 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; cooking. Apply 809 Franklin st
SOME one to exchange dictation afternoons or
evenings. Call 1501 Scott st.
EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper. Apply 260
Third st.
GIRL for light housework; nice place for right
party. 535 1 . Stevenson st, upstairs.
OPERATOR on custom vests; good wages;
steady work. 541 Market st.
NEAT girl wanted to do plain housework. 18
Turk st.
WANTED— girl to wait at table; ex-
perience not necessary; $4. 680 Fourth st
WANTED— GirI to take care of baby; wages
$10. 1958 Bush st.
GOOD finisher on pants; $9 a week. 104 Kearny
St., top floor.
GIRL to assist with light housework, 1217
Webster st.
GOOD girl; Bleep out: $12 per month. 941 A
Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on first-class coats.
Apply 461 Jessie st, 7 to 8 a. m. or p. m.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont st.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
IRONERS. IRONERS. IRONERS.
First-class ironers wanted at La Grande
Laundry, 12th, bet Howard and Folsom;
highest wages paid. Apply at once at laundry.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole
makers wanted; custom work. 609 Kearny
st, room 2.
HAIRDRESSERS and ventilators wanted.
CQ3GROVE. Hair Specialist. 1416 Polk at.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overßtltch. 121 Grant ay.
WOMAN wanted to assist in cooking. 830 Main
street.
AN apprentice and skirt hand at MME. »LI-
CHAU'S Dressmaking Parlors, 455 Geary st.
WANTED— Dressmaker: competent skirt and
waist maker: references. Box 213. Gall office.
LADIES for prize article to canvass; salary and
commission. Apply g a. m., "Utlca," 21 Spear.
GOOD cream dipper; steady; good wages; retail
business. Address box 766, Call office.
WANTED— canvassers; sure money;
$2 or $3-per day. 2*lo Greenwich st., Presidio;
call 8 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Good reliable woman for general
housework and cooking. Apply bet. 1 and 3
at 925 O'Farrell at
FIRST-CLASS finishers ■on custom coats;
steady work. 222 Kearny st'v i'.-wi
GOOD pants finisher. 609 Kearny St., room 1.
WANTED — Operator Bonaz braiding; good
wages; steady. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk.
WANTED— girl to help in kitchen. Ap-
ply 619 Sacramento st. / *~
N_AT Protestant girl; light housework and
care of children: $15; references. 4005 17th at
IRONERS and body lronera. National Laun-
dry, 411 Sanchez st.
FINISHER on custom coats; also experienced
apprentice girls; also presser; also tailor. 128
Rues st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc..
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338
Fell st.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and blg»commls-
alon; call this morning. Room 33. 26 O'Farrell.
WANTED— Experienced Ironerß at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— ladles who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones st., San Francisco.
ACCORDECN pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking, 121 Post.overO'Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jcse aye.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post at.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY. .77. PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY, 7 A. M
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands, ■ Arizona, British Columbia,
all parts of California
4 milk wagon drivers, city
$40, $35, $30, $25 and found
driver grocery wagon, country.. s2s and found
3 milkers, same dairy, country.. s2s and found
3 iron molders, city 2 bedmakers
BLACKSMITHS CARPENTERS
16 carpenters, Shasta mountains $3 day
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers, $2 60,
$2 day, $45, $50, $30 and found machinists
TO THE FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC..:...
12 harvest hands, fare $1..51 50 day and found
2-5 farmhands $35, $30, $26. $20 and found
14 milkers $30, $25 and found
12 choremen and b0y5... 520. $15, $8 and found
STABLEMEN, DRILLERS
12 stablemen $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
25 drillers, free fare $2 25, $2 50, $2 75 day
cornerman, benchhands, muckers, etc., wheel-
wrights, woodturners $3 day
■ HARNESS MAKERS
harness maker for a camp $35 and found
••_•••• IN SAN FRANCISCO
9o laborers and teamsters, many to board
home, others with board, $2 day, $35, $30 per
month and board. Come and see us
587 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
5 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives, $40
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GET GOOD HELP
25 laborers, no experience, fare 50c $60
12 laborers, fare $1 50 '. $60
15 teamsters, fare 75c $2 25 a day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50, $3, $2 50. $2, $1 75 a
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
COOKS WAITERS OTHER HELP
14 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30. $25 and found
14 waiters, 1 head waiter.. $25, $20 and fd.
19 dishwashers $30. $25, $20. $15 and found
9 porters, laundrymen, coatmakers.
BAKERS, ETC
6 bakers, small country shops, $40 and found;
12 second, third, fourth hands, $80, $25, $20,
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay St. • v • . ■■ ..-. ■_ -.-■
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT JOBS.
FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES.
Wages from $26 to $40 and found.
Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers.
Tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewera,
Woodsmen and mill men of every descrip-
tion, $SO, $75, $65. $50, $45, $40, $30 and found;
woodchoppers. tlemakers, shingle bolt mak-
ers, picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
WE SHIP MURRAY & READY,
TO-DAY 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES.
4 SILVER MINES.
23 OTHER MINES.
25 miners $2 50 a day
184 laborers ("no experience wanted"), $57 per
month, including board and lodgings
25 laborers, fare $1 50, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine, $34 and
found: 27 laborers, large mine $63
GREAT CROWDS.. & READY.
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY R. R. BUT ONE
DRILLERS, STONEMASONS
Hammersmen, laborers, teamsters, section
help; wages from $3 50 day; board, bed, etc.,
$4 60 weekly
....(WE DON'T SHIP TO COAST R. R.)....
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family:
farmer and wife, $35; 8 miners, $2 25, $2 50
and $2 75 day; 5 laborers for mine, $2 day and
$26 and board: 5 laborers, company work, $1 25
a day and board; farmers for Marin and Co-
lusa counties, $26 and found; carpenters, $3 a
day: woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; 4 drillers,
$2 25 and $2 75 day; 5 laborers for quarry, $2
day: 5 laborers for lumber railroad, $26 and
found; teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— HoteI crew, country, chef, $75; sec-
ond cook, $50; pastry, $50; vegetable and dish
washer combined, $25; oyster cook and open-
er, $40, country ; waiters, $30: cook, country
boarding house, $40: hotel baker, $40; restau-
rant cooks, $9 and $10; 3 dishwashers, $25;
broiler. $50; porter for restaurant, $25; hotel
and restaurant waiters, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Man to drive milk wagon, $30; man
to work ln restaurant, $25; waiter, restaurant.
$S 50 week. FIELD'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY, 655 Clay st
WANTED— At Field's Employment Agency. 655
Clay st, 2 blacksmiths, $45; bedmaker, $9
week; 2 porters, $25 and *30; waiter, restau-
rant, $40; truck driver, $2 50.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner- of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
WANTED Three Al stone masons for Hawaii-
an Islands; good wages: will advance trans-
portation. Apply until Saturday next, bet.
3 and 4 p. m., at 321 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED young man between IS and 21
to take charge of cellar of crockery store:
references required. Call bet. 8:30 and 10
a. m. 108 Sixth st
WANTED— Grocery clerk for retail store; give
experience, reference and wages expected.
Box, 767, Call.
$75 PER month can be made by reliable man:
permanent place; light work; must have
small capital. 1082 Market st., room 4.
YOUNG man used to drive milk wagon; ref-
erences required. JAMES KENNY, Silver
aye., near Mission road.
BOY, Spanish preferred, who understands type-
writing and office work; state salary and age;
references. Box 726, Call.
GOOD barber for the country: wages $13 a
week: steady Job. Apply H. BERNARD, 104
Seventh st.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. 446 Brannan st
WANTED— errand boy at 726 Sutter st.
SOLICITOR for printing office. 420 Montgom-
ery St., room 33.
WANTED— carriage wood-worker.
421 Fifth st
10 TEAMSTERS for 4-horse Fresno scrapers,
$2; long Job; no fee. 77 Chronicle building.
WANTED— Coat maker to go to country. Call
Detmer Woolen Co., 11 Sansome st.
GENERAL umbrella repairer; all year Job. Ad-
dress box 729, Call office.
PRESSER on custom pants and operator on
vests; steady work; good pay. 641 Market at.
YOUNG man to drive bakery wagon. 1510
Turk st.
CAKE baker's helper; call early. 88 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on vests; good wages.
718 Market st.
WANTED— A third cook. United States Hotel,
123 Eddy st
PRESSER and cleaner on military clothing.
2819 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. » Fourth st.
DISCHARGED soldiers to assist In U. S. claim
business. Call on GEO. PATTISON, 630 Mkt.
WAITER wated at 613 Clay at.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. NEW YORK
DENTISTS, 969 Mission st, cor. Sixth.
WANTED— Good waiter at 20 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet makers wanted 6
Ninth st.
FOR SALE— Barber shop and laundry. Apply
H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st
BARBER'S small shop; a bargain; good prices;
short hours. 603 Washington st.
BARBERS— shop at a bargain; cause
sickness; make offer. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
YOUNG man to press on pants. 104 Kearny
St.; good pay.
2 FIRST-CLASS coat makers; also bushelman.
MIKKELSEN & BERRY. Berkeley. Cal.
SHOEMAKERS wanted at 202 Second st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GOOD coatmakers, basters and operators on
coats. 718 Market St.: steady work; good pay.
WANTED— 2 energetic men; light indoor work;
good wages. 472_ Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting;
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Errand boy about 15 years; $3 per
week. 211 Sutter at, room 4.
WANTED— Harnessmakers at 400 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced tailor by L. CLAR,
Visalla, Cat: steady work for right man.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
Al contracts. White Co.. 300 Post st, 7 p. m.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny St.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tei. Jessie 152.
help WANTED — MALjS_
no"b__c ~ ~7. 7777777^. free fare
.... . FOR THE coast AD....
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
RAILROAD WORK 7 , FREE FARE
Tunnelmen, teamsters and laborers, $1 <o, $Z
and $2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ■ .
BAKER and pastry cook, hotel, south $75;
cake baker and confectioner, north. $.o: baker
and pastry cook, hotel. $50; bread and cake
baker, country shop. $40; 2 second cooks, $..0
and $60; 3 restaurant cooks. $s and $10 a week;
6 hotel' waiters, $25 and $30; 10 dishwashers,
kitchen hand and vegetable men, $25 and $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
10 PICK and shovel men, city work, no camp,
board where you please, $2 a day; gang e-lger-
man. country sawmill; wheelwright, country,
$4-1; 2 Swiss milkers, $25; 6 farmers, $20; Ger-
man choreman, $20. _
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LAUNDHYMAN, country hotel, plain work, $30,
see boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
- Geary st. • p
JEWELERS— 32B Bush St.. room 4, Third floor.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 16c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencls st. ____________
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
Rl?GX'LAß~weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1519 Mission st, between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, -broke young
horses just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market at., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna St., bet. First and Second.
$25— LARGE ■ work horse: clipped. 22 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone South 312.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22% GEARy7st7
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
27 rooms; near Kearny; clears $100 $1100
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $300 3500
48 rooms; good; present owner 7 years... 2500
40 rooms; best paying ln city; Third st... 1400
15 rooms; bay-window corner; transient.. 500
18 rooms; new and nice; near Market.... 1100
19 rooms; best on Geary; make offer.
9 rooms; nr. University, Berkl'y; br*dg. 375
11 rooms; O'Farrell; clears $50 700
Many others ; call for list. KREDO & CO.
WE have houses to suit the wants of buyers;
we do not advertise prices, but Invite intend-
ing buyers to call and Investigate our nu-
merous bargains we offer in houses; we loan
money to buyers at 2 per cent SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., 1007 % Market st., near Sixth.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE —
15 rooms; Taylor st. : elegant; only $600
20 rooms; central: great sacrifice 500
23 rooms: corner; cost $2200; see it 1000
32 rooms: sunny corner: snap 1050
$225— HOUSE, 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market; rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE.. 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st; new cash buyer dally.
$1600— SNAP: £5 rooms: fine location; all rented;
rent $100 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$400— HOUSE of 14 rooms; must sell this week
on account of sickness. 225 Mason st.
HOWARD, 704, cor. 3d— Nice cor. house; good
location; full; cheap; account retiring.
$650— House 12 rooms; Van Ness near Grove.
Address box 1348. Call office.
FOP. sale— Lodging house of 14 rooms; always
taken: near the ferry. Box 757, Call.
$550— PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Bush St.;
48 fur. rooms; gas and water In every room.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK _ CO., 667 Market st.
Houses— I Flats—
1661 Octavla. 16r....5150 417 Jones, 6r $27 50
1914 Clay, 12r 75 1333 Howard, 6r... 21
811 Mission. 9r 37 2428 Geary, 6r 20
707 Ellis, 6r 23 1 789 Haight, 7r.... 20
1241 Sanchez, 5r 13 1609 Turk, 6r 17 50
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
6-ROOM house, all new, for sale; partner leav-
ing city on account sickness. 408% O'Farrell.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313% O'Far-
rell st, near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 50—11 SUNNY" rooms, bath; barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block: 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON _ CO., 614 Call bldg.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation; city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL corner residence of 14 rooms, bil-
liard-rooms, etc.. elegantly furnished; located
In the most desirable portion of the Western
Addition, between Van Ness aye., Gough,
Ellis and Geary sts.; all sunny rooms: garden
and lawn front, sides and rear. DAVIDSON
& LEIGH, agents. 30 Montgomery st.
LOST AND FO..VU.
LOST— Black leather pocket book; monogram
H. W. G. on back; contained cash, honorable
discharge from U. S. Navy, treasury check
and private papers; Valuable only to owner;
liberal reward. HENRY W. GARDES, Cos-
mopolitan Hotel.
LOST— In Emporium, Friday, bundle of photo-
graphs. Return to W. F. BRITT, Call Edit-
orial Rooms.
LOST— 2 fox terriers; 1 black and brown head;
1 pup 4 months old; black tall; liberal re-
ward. 923% Mission et.
LOST— Llewellyn setter; name on collar J.
KOSCHNITZKI. Return to 107 Germanla
aye.; liberal reward.
LOST— Brindle greyhound. Return to 1618
Sanchez st.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KI^OTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician: consul-
tation free; home In confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5. 942 Post St.. between
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5. 7 to S.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st, bet Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market at, has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWY'ER, ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, ladles', practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 238 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove: 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1228
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason at
MINES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale in
paying gold mine at $1 per share; will ad-
vance to $3 within six months; owner needing
money must sacrifice; purchaser may deal
with owner direct. W. F. ARAM. Mills bldg.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. ~ Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tei. Main 544.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
! BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
; hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
; bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
- A SOLITAIRE diamond collar button a
1 beauty.- for $30; cost originally $65. UNL_._
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. p
FINE sealskin jacket perfectly new lat est
style, for $110; cost $200. UNCLE HARRIS,
16 Grant aye. -
FOR SALE-Second-hand shaftings, pulleys,
hangers. 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS. 1613 Market St.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, HIS Mission; Tel. Jessie 116...
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE, 220 Fremont.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and. all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., tei. Main 5066.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
A— s3 50 DERBY' and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SIX h. p gasoline engine: also 15 h. p. portable
boiler, engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
DR. CREELY"S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog HospitaL
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In.: gas eng., 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— safe of modern construo-
.tlon, not less than 25 cubic feet Inside capac-
ity; state price, where safe can be seen, give
inside and outside dimensions and maker'a
name; larger than above capacity preferred;
delivery on sidewalk in business portion of
San Francisco; terms of payment spot cash.
Address box 731, Call office,
WANTED-— hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
' STONE, Elmhurst.
WANTED— Second-hand desks, filing cabinet*
and office furniture. Box 705. Call office.
WANTED— To exchange horses for pianos. 1517
Mission st. _^_______________________
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought
sold; tei. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker ft Co.. 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. . Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me S'Ot.
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages;estates ln probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fees; employ able counsel. Legal advice free
by mall or at office, 214 Pine st., room 64.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry-
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on real estate, Ist or 2-1 mortgages, and
on furniture or pianos; no removal: in S. F.
or Alameda County; any amount BECKER,
26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos- no removal: low rates: confidential.
RONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
MONEY to loan: quick: ail propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California st. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, jewelry, stock : low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds.. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property ls mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we as* you to investi-
gate and approve 'this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargain!
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
weal of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS. "
Chickering. Curta-, Steinway. Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ) & SON, Chickerlng agents, 16-18-20
O'Farrell st
BARGAINS for to-day at MAUVAIS, 769 Mar-
ket st: Upright piano for $100, $160, $173.
$250, $325._ , -
FINE Decker piano In walnut case* great bar-
gain; at MAUVAIS. 769 Market st
BARGAIN— upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, If
McAllister st,, next Utbernia Bank.
BE DUTIFUL upright piano, cheap for cash.
Apply 2460 Market st., near Fifteenth.
$450 "COLBY' upright, almost new. to be sold
at a sacrifice; terms cash. Apply 2330 Folsom.
A FINE Steinway upright; cheap for cash.
Room 12, Flood building, 4th and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up,
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos,
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other plan 3cl
Post St.
WANTED 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St.
? ABE pianos; now scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
S \'P£RIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml LLT-.R. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place,
J>FFj»CES AKD STORES— _ET.
FOR rent or for lease. 953 Howard st. large
store and large concrete basement. '
— ' 4 1 ----
OIL LAMS FOR SALE.
% SECTION
,_ 1U „ ,  , . OIL LAND,
River DTs\ri U ct.° U Mt ° f Kern °£*£*«*
Apply by letter or in person to
WILLIAM ELDER Y.
38 Crocker Building.
-
- . i-3
PALMISTRY.
_?^_^___J_?OAARD.'pupllof Count St Ger-
main. _ 616 G . ear >' st. above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall, $_PERSONALS.
MRS. A. ABRAM Call at Call office and ob-
tain picture and letter sent by your son at
Manila, formerly of 611 Eddy st.
DR C. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed "practice. Office. 317 Powell st.
!~ EDERER. the popular hairdresser— Hairdress-
ing, 25c; shampoo, 50c; switches, .'■ up; mani-
curing, 25c; bleaching roots of hair, 50c; long
hair, 75c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
EDERLR'S QUINTONICA cleanses the scalp.
softens and gives fine gloss to the hair; 35c
bottle. G. ED ERE R. li Stockton st.
AG carpets wove to or-ler nd for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ARPENTER SHOP.
Estimates furnished on nil kinds of work,
roofing, etc. MUNRO & CO.. te:. Jackson 623.
DHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and C right
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported md domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100.0^0 or. exhibition at
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E. i
HAQUETTE.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. ISS7; -.able and
confidential ; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
FRINGES, braids, beads and jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
MRS.L..T.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folscm 445.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 30S Sixth sL
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st,
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 23S Kearny st., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler. >-emcved to 103 Sixth st.. near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
RUPTURE piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield _ Porterfleld. 538 Mai st.
HIRSUTINE Co., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 614 Tine, ah. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,'
16 pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— auctioneer, man that thorough-
ly understands furniture business. Address
box 758. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty; -,
catalogue free. Cal. Camera '' >.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
IC2IU Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
real ESTATE — city for sale.
baldwTn'lThowelu
10 Montgomery st.
A PICK-UP- ' $30) CASH REQUIRED.
$2300 — Worth $4 000; 2 extra large lots on Ash-
bury st., near Frederick; >-.z 50xlS0; bank
mortgage of $2000 can remain; electric cars pass
the property.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$7000— Howaro St., near Seventeenth; extra
lar^e lot. 62:6x-5; good Improvements; rented
for $65.
MUST BE SOLD.
$7750— Clay st., near Pierce, ing Alta Plaza;
2-story and basement house, containing S rooms
and bath; lot 25x100.
LEAVEN Wl IRTH-ST. FLATS.
$550-)— Maybe less; 2 bay-window fiats, near
California St.: a fine central location.
DOUGLASS ST., BET. 20TH A Nit 21ST.
New houso of 9 rooms and bath; lot 2",x125;
only $1700.
53400 — Rents $32: Twenty-third st., near San-
chez; lot 25x30, with 2 .flats of 5 and 6 rooms,
bath. etc.
FORCED SALE.
Diamond st., near Eighteenth; 7 rooms and
bath lot 25:6x125; $2800; warm belt.
$1000— Twenty-first st., near Church; 6 rooms
and bath; street work done; great bargain.
FORECLOSURE SALE— FINE MODERN
FLATS.
$4900— Golden Gate aye.. near Baker St.; splen-
did building: cost over $5000; everything up to
date; a great bargain; rents $45.
$515'»— A bargain; Broderlck st., near Sutter;
lot 50x90, with a 2-story residence of 10 rooms
and bath, etc.; also good stable; lot alone worth
the money.
-Fourth jve., near Lake st.; 1-story cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x
A PICK-UP.
$4™o— Howard Pt., near Fifteenth; 2 fiats. 6
large rooms and bath; lot 30x125; rents $33;
mortgage $3300 in lank.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$4750— Jackson st., near Mason; 3 flats: also
a 2-story house of 1-J rooms; lot has 46 feet
frontage; rents $52.
$3250 only— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom;
lot 25xSO: lease pays S per cent.
$5750— Lyon Bt., near Jackson: very attractive
new 2-story residence, containing 7 rooms and
latest Improvements: better see this, as It is
a very artistic home.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST.
BELLING FAST.
A splendid start has been made in the selling
and development of the block facing Golden
Gate Park and recently subdivided. Already a
number of lots have been sold to parties, some
of whom Intend to erect at once home 3 that
will be a decided improvement. Lots front on
the park Eighteenth aye. and Nineteenth-are,
boulevard.
There i s no reason why lots In this block
should not prove good investments. The prices
are very low. They are grand building lots,
right on the Park and Nineteenth -are. boule-
vard, near Stow Lake and the new music
stand; level; streets graded and macadamized;
water pipes laid: cars pass the property; every'
convenience. Including gas and electric lights.
PRICES $5-50 UPWARD.
TOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest only 9 per cent on unpaid balance.
See them at once. Go to-day. Take blue car
on Eddy st. or Halgh'-st. cars and transfer;
get off at H st. and Ninth aye. We have a
branch office on the corner, open dally (Sun-
days Included). Price lists, etc., on applica-
tion.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS
IN REAL ESTATE.
$17, Rent $150; extra large lot, over 60
feet front, on Montgomery St.; Improvements,
3-story l»rlck building containing 2 stores and
lodging-house above; bank mortgage $13,000.
$lft,ooo— Rent $100: Natoma st., near Second;
extra large Jot facing on 2 streets; Improve-
ments, frame building used as a factory*.
AN ARTISTIC HOME.
$5750— Lyon st., near Jackson: new 2-story
and basement residence containing 7 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 25x91 feet.
$15,000— Beet part of Valencia st. ; rent $108
per month; large lot 88x80 feet, with splendid
improvements, consisting of stores and flats.
HANDSOME "UP-TO-DATE 1 ' FLATS.
$8750— Rent $S5; 3 new flats fronting the Park I
Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a fine in-
vestment.
$19,50-)— Pays 7 per cent net; a splendid In-
vestment: Golden -late aye., corner of promi-
nent street: large lot 40x90 feet: Improvements
consist of flats and 2 res; rent $177 50.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$28,000— Choice piece of business property
north of Market at. and within • 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy; improvements consist of |
stores and lodglng-houre above of 25 rooms;
rent $185.
$300 CASH, BALANCE MONTHLY. SAME
AS RENT.
$2250— Eureka st.. near Nineteenth; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms; porcelain bath; up to date
In every respect; close to Castro and Guerrero
et. car lines.
CHOICE LOTS ON ASHBURY ST.
Mortgage $2000 can remain; Ashbury St..
near Frederick: 50x175: fine level lots, on car
line; owner a non-resident and must realize.
Send for our printed "Price List Real Estate
for Sale," published monthly.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Business property on Howard Bt.,
near Fourth: renting for $130 per month. See
Bew Drug Company, Alameda.
2 LOTS near Mission St., $600 cash or Install-
ments; must sell. Apply at 1297 Folsom st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GTTNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$3100— Rents $30; 2 Broadway bay-window 5 and
i room flats. Inquire U_t YaiU-Jo st, J
________________________________*__■___".
REAL ESTATE— — FOR SALE.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
•ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTa
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build
on; $25 down. $10 monthly. -
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
9400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots. $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ * Q M^H§ bcKER BUILmNQ .
$2 0 $2000 $2000 92000
' FOR SALE-FOR SALE.
ON
EASY TERMS-SAME AS RENT.
NEW MODERN HOMES.
JUST COMPLETED.
SIX ROOMS, BATHS AND BASEMENTS.
ON
VERMONT AND KANSAS STS.. NR. ISTH.
GO SEE THEM.
OUR REPRESENTATIVE ON PREMISES.
CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A— 2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeepings folding beds; 1 in kitchen, \
1 in bedroom; $10 per month, $2 50 per week:
furniture all new. Apply at shoe store. 562
Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
BRYANT, 1101. cor. Sth Three front rooms.
furnished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449, near Golden Gate
Park l elegantly furnished roomy; large yard.
CLAY. 2421. In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
EDDY. 604— Nice sunny room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 348. near Market— sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and Bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping: private family.
ELEVENTH. 120—3 sunny furnished rooms;
modern conveniences: $15.
ELLIS, 323—2 nicely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; also sunny parlor.
FIFTH, Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single. $5 to $7.
GEARY, 556— Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms: phone.
HARRISON, 786 A —Furnished or unfurnished; 2
sunny front and bath in a private family;
rent cheap. :
HOWARD. 649—2 large rooms for housekeeping, !
with bath.
HOWARD, S29— Furnished rooms, from $1
week up; also housekeeping. $1 75 to $3.
HOWARD. Nicely furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; running water; rent
reasonable.
HOWARD, 1144— sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water. !
HYDE. S— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for house- !
keeping; reference required. j
MARKET. Front sunny sufte; newly fur-
nished; rent $15. '
MASON. 219— Nice sunny rooms; housekeeping
privilege; centrally located: price reasonable.
MINNA, 28— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms. _____
MISSION. 945— Front room with folding bed
and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1135— Bay window, three connecting
rooms, complete for housekeep'g; folding bed.
OAK Newly furnished bay window suite;
single bay. window room; use of kitchen;
gas; bath.
SACRAMENTO. Large and small rooms,
nicely furnished, clean, sunny; excellent lo-
cation; private house; gentlemen or light
housekeeping. -
TENTH, 136— Bay window front room furnished
for light housekeeping.
THIRD.3I6— Housekeeping rooms, single or ln
suite.
TURK. 405, cor. Hyde— Sunny corner room;
light 'housekeeping; $10. i
TWELFTH. 12-)— Nicely furnished sunny front
and back parlor and kitchen; also a suite; gas
ranges; select locality; private family.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Complete for housekeep-
ing. 3 large corner rooms; sun all day; sta-
tionary tubs: fine yard.
VAN NESS. Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
2 LARGE sunny rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; $1 75 per week, $6 per month.
Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission, bet. Ist & 2d.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO — Furn. and Infarn,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bet established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath . rooms £0c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 5-jc.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rma., _ suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124— Sunny rooms; $8, $10; bath, grate,
running water; grounds.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. ft offices.
CLARA. 166. near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms; $8;
also 3 unfurnished rooms.
CORNER alcove room, overlooking Jefferson
Square; sun all day; references. 836 Turk st.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS. 508— Nice Bunny rooms, back and front;
reasonable; gents preferred.
ELLIS, Large sunny rooms, single or en
suite; everything new.
FRANKLIN, 1505_— Nicely furnished rooms.
GEARY. 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also
single rooms; reasonable: transient^
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1529—8 nice rooms, with
carpet, pantry, hath, and water free; $14.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select • family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 704— Nice sunny corner furnished
room; suitable for dentist; also transients.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 60c per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
JESSIE. 373. near Fifth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, $5 and $6.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front furnished. 1 or 2
persons, $6 s'"-; small sunny room, fur'nshd, 94.
MCALLISTER, 815— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER. Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
' MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1150— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms: also housekeeping rooms.
MISSION. 1261 A— Nice Bunny parlor room; bath,
gas. piano; new building; $10.
••NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay- win. fms. and single. $5 up; also hkpg.
OAK. 385— Nicely furnished Bunny room; prl-
vcte family; gas; bath; cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— 1 or 2 sunny
front bay windows; gents preferred.
O'FARRELL. 321— Nice sunny rooms, single or
en suite; gas, bath, modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL. 504— Nice Sunny rooms, single or
en suite; all modern conveniences.
POLK, 1403— Large sunny furnished room in
private family; gas and bath.
POLK, 1827— Sunny front rooms; housekeeping;
2 car lines; bath; private; reasonable.
POST, 897— Nicely furnished suite and double
parlor; hot and cold water.
SACRAMENTO, 1512— rent, unfurnished,
.. two large sunny alcove rooms, grate and run-
i ning water; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Small light room;
running water: rent $3.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good, people. R, HUGHES. Proprietor..
THE SAN FEATS CISCO CALL, THUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1899.
ROOMS TO — V urn. and I'nfnra.
THIRD, Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— A large unfurnished room; alcove
preferred: with dinner for couple. Address
box 741, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
STORAGE, AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell; tei. Main 5713.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladles," in letter by return mall; at drug- ;
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa. |
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up; j
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement;, most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 41' Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tei. 5520.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for Sl'per year,
- j v ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots: also 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oakland and Elmhurst: sale Sat-
urday. Oct. 21. at 2 p. m. Do not fall to
attend this sale, as most of the places are
to be sold by order of the court. Particulars
in next week's papers. Bend for Illustrated
catalogue. Sale at J. A. MUNRO & CO.. Auc-
tion House. 1517 and 1519 Park St. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2-- stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
LIVE under your own vine and fig tree: a
lovely home of 7 rooms: all modern Improve-
ments: near to cars and university: lot ."•• xl"-'.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining P.
0.. Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. P.. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
i OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH, $S 50 monthly till paid, for chicken ;
run; 150x250; sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; level land; site and climate the best: I
no fogs nor cold winds; 3 buildings now com-
pleted; over 100 lots sold in ten days; West-
i all Tract, adjoining East Oakland, near elec-
tric car line and 90-foot boulevard: not far
from a fine school; price all told $590. Call or
send for circular 455 Seventh St., near cor.
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner. \-.i-.-'-'<i
SACRIFICED I elegant new houses ln course
of construction on "3d St.. bet. Grove snd
West; all modern Improvements: street work, j
walks done; small payment down; balance
monthly If desired; houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 516 20th. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages. Bent to any address ln the
' ted States, postpaid for "1 per year.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
NICE quiet home for 1 or 2 convalescent ladles;
excellent board; near electric cars and sta-
tion; use of buggy; small family: near Hay-
wards. Box 8267. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 589
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
| AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 (25c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY, October 20, 1893. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
18M. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 2 (25c per
share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
and after MONDAY, October 16. 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 229, Crocker building. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 6, 1- 99 -Coupon due Oc-
tober 12, 1899, from first Mortgage six (6)
per cent bonds ( ' Sierra Railway Company of
California will oe paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth Na-
tional Bank, on and after that date.
,B. P. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a judgment of dissolution. Notice — Notice is I
her.-by given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR |
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex- j
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to tho Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
an.! that MONDAY, November 13. 1899, at 10 I
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, in the City Hall of the j
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1599.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
[Seal,]
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Gottardo Turrl and Gluseppa Piazzoni 36-35
Joßlah B. Adams and Maude E. Marshall. .29-20 :
William W. Grayson and Clara F. Peters.. 23-21 i
A. J. Rlmllngcr and Mary F. Sullivan 30-25
William R. Spence and Lena M. Ca11...... 35-25 •
C. M. John Sparr and Annie Phlllipsen 34-22
Walter G. Love and Bell M. Ryan 23-20 J
Louis W. Clark and Irene G. Howe 34-26
V. E. Josselyn and Charlotte M. Lurronl.. 23-19
C. E. Corey and Katherine R. Dempsey... 29-23
Arthur F. Gabrlelson and Edna Aldrich... 23-21 j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRAY— In Murphys, Cal., September 24. 1899, to I
the wife of Neleon 11. Bray, a daughter.
CUNNINGHAM— In Bay Point, Contra Costa
County, October «. 1899, to the wife of W. F.
Cunningham, a daughter.
FLEMING— In Sausalito, October 11. 1899, to
the wife of W. S. Fleming, a son. -
MARRIED. " ~
ARMSTRONG— SIPERLEY— In Oakland. CaL,
October 10. 1899. by the Rev. R. F. Coyle,
D.D.. Ambrose Armstrong and Mrs. Carrie
Slperley.
DEMPSEY— MURPHY— In this city, September
27. 1899, by the Rev. Father McDonald. John
P. Dempsey and Mary G. Murphy, both of
San Francisco. _MB_SS_&
COOL— September 7. 1899. by the
Rev. Mr. Bolster, Charles P. Matthey and
Nina May Cool.
DIED.
Carrick. Mary Hogan, Charles R.
Drew, Simon - Lahey, Michael
' Duggan, Clarence S. Lastreto, Luca
Duperu, Numa M. Mellln, Ruth M.
Eagan, John -.>•,-■;*- Richardson, Ellen
Finegan, Daniel Rock. Thomas
Fitzsimons. Cornelius Shaughnessy, Martin
Graham, Julia Weldon, Thomas W.
Guenin, Eleonore • Zander, Charles
CARRICK— In this city, October 11, 1599, Mary, i
wife of the late Thomas Carrick, and mother |
of Bart, Thomas and Bella Carrick and Mrs. i
P. Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow ,
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late rest- i
. dence, 542 Indiana street, thence to St. The- \
resa's Church, where a solemn requiem high |
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her i
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
DREW— Oakland, October 11, 1899, Simon, i
beloved husband of Honorah Drew, and father
of James, Simon, Henry, Frank and the late
Edward and Mary Ann Drew, a native of Lls-
towel. County Kerry, Ireland, aged 57 years
6 months and 10 days.
DUGGAN— In this city, October 11, 1899, Clar- I
ence Spencer Duggan, dearly beloved son of j
Charles and Lucy Duggan, grandson of Cath-
erine and the late George Clarke, and nephew ;
of William White, a native of San Francisco, ]
aged 1 year 6 months and 9 days.
n_rFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of !
his parents, 15 VAlleJo street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Open wide nre the silvery gates
That lead to the shining shore.
Our darling suffered hard In getting through,
But his sufferings now are o'er.
DC PERU— In this city, October 11, 1899, Numa
Mat— _ ray Duperu. father of Eliza R. Duperu, j
Mrs. John H. Spring. Mrs. A. J. Chamberlin i
and Angelo R., Redlck McK. and Alphonse M. ;
Duperu, • a native of Norfolk, Va., aged 84 j
years 7 months and 3 days.
EAGAN— In this city. October 10. 1539. John,
beloved husband of Hanora Eagan, a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 57 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
(r_TThe funeral will take place thla day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1129 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FINEGAN— In this city. October 10, 1899, Dan-
iel, dearly beloved husband of Bridget Fine-
Kan, father of William, Thomas and Mary
Finegan and Mrs. William Colbert, and
brother of Mrs. John Roach, a native of
Tuam. County Galway, Ireland, aged 70 years.
H^s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 279 Lexington avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FITZSIMONS— In this city, October 11, 1899, at
513 Scott street. Cornelius J., beloved son of
Patrick and Marie Fitzsimons, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years and 3 months.
£_~ Notice of funeral hereafter. .
GRAHAM— In this city, October 10, 1899, Julia.
widow of Martin Graham, and mother of
Agnes Graham, a native of Glounthane, Mill-
street. County Cork, Ireland. •
CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
GUENIN— In this city, October 7, 1899, Eleo-
nore Guenin beloved mother of Alice Guenin,
and aunt of Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Fos, a
native of France, aged 64 years and 10
months.
[_?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1510 Dupont street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres,
where services will be held, commencing at
2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
HOGAN— In this city, October 10, 1899. Charles
Raymond, beloved son of Captain Charles J.
and Bertha P. Hogan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1078 Tennessee street, near Twenty-
second. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAHEY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 11, 1899, Michael Lahey, a native of
Ireland, aged 46 yeara.
LASTRETO— In this city, October 11, 1899, Luca
Lastreto, beloved father of Mrs. H. J. Per-
azzi and Anita Lastreto. a native of Italy.
(Calaveras and Tuolumne papers please copy.)
MELLIN— this city, October 10, 1899, Ruth
Margaret, beloved daughter of Charles and
Nellie Mellln,- and Bister of Ernest, Milo and
Georgie Mellin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 8 months and 24 days.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 14 Cuvier street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. -Vi.:;—,'--'..';^^^;. ,-.'.-• -
RICHARDSON— In this city. October 11, 1899,
Ellen Richardson, dearly beloved mother of
Abble Richardson, and sister of Mrs. Thomas
Connelly, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 46 years.
- Not ice of funeral hereafter. Remains \
at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square.
ROCK— In this city, October 9. 1899, Thomas,
beloved son of Hannah Rock, a member of
Company M, First California Volunteers, a
native of Louisville, Ky., aged 27 years.
(_~Frlends and acquaintances and members
Of Company M. First California Volunteers,
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
services will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul. Interment Presidio (National) Ceme-
tery.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. October 10, 1899,
Martin, beloved son of Martin and Ann
Shaughnessy, and brother of Michael, John,
Joseph, George and Willie Shaughnessy and
Mrs. John Mullen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 3 months and 4 days.
B_?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 12 Chenery street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
WELDON— this city, October 11, 1899.
Thomas Wesley, dearly beloved husband of
Frances Weldon, and father of Henry W.
Weldon, Mrs. Alpheus Duffee and Arthur V.
Weldon. a native of Dorchester, N. 8.. aged
6-1 years 4 months and 19 days. (Portland,
Me., and Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
(T-^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 263 Lexington avenue.
BANDER— the City and County Hospital,
October 11, 1899, Charles Zander, a native of
Germany, aged 49 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South So.
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, 313
Mason street, bet. Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main 5213.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Good Hop Crop.
COURT NOTES.
Harry L. Jones, who is employed in a I
carpet-beating works at 353 Tehama |
street, secured a warrant from Judge i
Graham yesterday for the arrest of H. ;
G. Muller and "John Doe," in the em- j
ploy of E. Korn, hatter, 726 Market street. j
for battery in knocking him down and |
kicking him on Saturday while he called
there on business.
Mrs. Catherine Moriarity, 224 Lan^ton
street, secured a warrant in Judge Gra
' ham's court yesterday for the arrest of
her husband, Garrett Moriarity, for bat
tery in severely beating her on Tuesday
evening while he was drunk.
Frank Howard, the "tough," who has
already served a term for beating his
mother, who lives at 569% Minna street, j
was yesterday sentenced by Judge Tread- j
well to six months in the County Jail on
a similar charge.
The case . of Fung Chuck, charged with
the murder of Wong Ah Jung in China
town on November 22 last, was dismissed
by Judge Conlan yesterday, as the Judge ;
was satisfied the witnesses for the de
fense from San Jose had established a j
complete alibi.
The case of Mrs. Lillie Gray, Tehama
street, charged with assault with a dead
ly weapon in shooting through her front
door at Charles E. Schwebs, who was |
trying to force his way in, about ten days
ago, was dismissed by Judge Conlan yes
terday, on the ground that she was per
fectly justified in protecting her home.
John Quinn, a "dope" fiend, who gives
exhibitions to visitors in Chinatown of
morphine injections, was yesterday sent
to the County Jail for three months by
Judge Mogan on a charge of vagrancy.
The action Instituted by Augusta O.
Froid to recover $10,000 damages from the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
for the death of her husband, Charles F.
Froid, who was killed by a live wire at
Eddy and Taylor streets on. April 22 last,
was settled yesterday for $2750, and judg- \
ment was entered accordingly.
A certificate of the diminution of the
capital stock of the Bank of California
was filed with the County Clerk yester
day. The capital stock is reduced from
$3,000,000. representing 30,000 shares, to
$2,000,000, representing 20,000 shares. The
certificate is signed by the board of di
rectors and is presented by A. M. Clay,
secretary of the corporation.
Ho Tow, Chinese Consul General, ap
peared as a witness against Wong Gee j
Toy, charged with the murder of Wong
Kirn Chee, which occurred at the Jack
son-street Theater entrance on August 7
last. Ho Vow stated that he saw the
shooting and positively identified the de
fendant as the murderer. He was cross
examined at great length by defendant
counsel, but without avail, as he adhered
to his story without a break.
. ♦ . —
AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE
Interesting Data Furnished hy Secre
tary of Agriculture Wilson.
A letter was received by the Chamber of
Commerce from Secretary James Wilson
of the Department of Agriculture at
Washington in tesponse to a letter from
the Chamber relating to urging Congress
to promote a larger American merchant
marine. Mr. Wilson in his reply gives
some interesting figures, for he says:
I deeply sympathize ■ with efforts
along this line, and will spare no pains
and neglect no opportunity to urge
upon the powers that be the wisdom
and necessity of such action. I am
well aware that this is just what you
need on the Pacific Coast. In looking
into the statistics of your commerce
after returning to Washington recently
I found that ten years ago your ex
ports from the Pacific Coast reached
J2C,000,000, while five years ago they had
grown to $42,000,000, and last year
reached $73,000,000.
This Department has now quite a
consignment of dairy products on the
Pacific Ocean going to six several
ports in the Orient, and had to wait
three weeks ln San Francisco for an
opportunity to dispatch the goods, and
finally had to ship them in a Japanese
vessel. We certainly need an Ameri
can merchant marine.
» ♦ «
Customs Watchmen.
Owing to complaints regarding thefts
on the wharves, the steamship compa
nies requested Customs Collector Jack
son to appoint the following named citi
zens as special customs watchmen with
out pay. The Collector made the appoint
ments yesterday as follows::
Broadway No. I— John Wilson, George
H. Luce and Harry O. Hang-wort.
Broadway No. 2 John F. Root. George
H. Moore, Walter Parsons and Ed John
son.
Lombard— John C. Lacey and Frank
Gallagher.
Spear— W. P. Gallagher and A. Tedtsen.
A. E. Needham was appointed a cus
toms inspector to fill a temporary va
cancy.
■ ♦ «
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A A Van Voorhies, Sac Mrs V M Romaine, Cal
C S Hill, Butte R J Prince. Boston
C W Green, U S N G C Rogue, Manila
Dr J T Gardner & w, J T Gregory, Tex
Brentwood H Q Tract _ \v. N V
A Levi ft w. Sn Diego W M Eddy, _ Barbara
J A Earle, San Jose C B Schuyler, N V
II F Am— -eg &f. Pa Miss M Bailey, Manila
IH G Trout &w, N V W T B Southard. N V
T C Johnston, Plsnton E Nicholls _ w, Cal
M C McKeeney, Cal M L Griffin & w, Cal
M Jerome & w. Cal A W Winhan & w, Cal
-J O Ferguson, San Jose F G Williams, Sn Jose
E M Wilkinson & w, A Thompson, Olympia
f"al J Hartburn, N V
, M Simon, Louisville R J Hudson, Hanford
I M P Morgan & w. Cal 8 Ringberg. Minn
J C North, Norwich J H Stevens, S Helena
I H H Chase, Norwich O Bullis, Los Angeles
Mrs E J Ward, Prtlnd M Kahn, Willows
C W Johnson. -London F R Dabrasky & w,
H Cook, Sta Barbara i Willows
A V Riley, NY C B Wllbcrforce, Cal
J A North, San Diego C F Burton & w. Sac
E Haynes. Sacto Dr W F Wiard _ w,
Mrs F A Kelton, Sacto Sacramento
W W Tenny, w & d, L F Brenner. Sacto
Oakland Dr G F Falkner, Cal
A S Morton & w, Cal I J F Schleryman, Cal
J L Kilkenny & w. Cal L D Poole, 111
D R Gray, Salt Lake j S Howard, Chicago
F C Cottle &w. Cal ID O Cacerte. Stockton
J McCudden. Vallejo : L Rowan, Seattle
Miss McCudden.Vallejo L G Ellis, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
E W Runyon. R Bluff 'F F Hamilton. Cal
O J Clancey, Vaucouvr W W Shomwell, Colo
C M Hunter, S Rafael ill R Shirley. N V
F D Heffron. NY H Miller, Mont
E Sussford, N V Mrs Miller. Mont
C H Sather, Boston H Henseldt. D C
Mrs Sather. Boston Miss F M Bolton. N V
T Goddes. Salt Lake IE Cohen, St Paul
! W B Townsend. Mo E M Dutcher, N J
E Falk, New York G Kastor, New York
! H W'einstock, Sacto C C CftMldy, N V
:J' W Vaughn, L Ang J McNeil. Santa Oruz
C W Strlne, Pa R H Fltzhugh, IT S V
W W Foote, Oakland M F Sheary, U S V
B W Holmes, NY A II Robertson, U S N
t c Johnston, Pleasntn F Lyon, U S N
W H "Whltsell. L Ang R-<" Bulwer. US N
F R Small wood, Stktn F W r Kellogg. U S N
M B Wallock. Belevdr E Hayden, U S N
G B Root. San Jose II S Hayden, D C
J W Wholley, USA Maj D Van Voorhies,
E P Cronln. USA Manila
Lt Col Fife, USA C E Hale, Los Angeles
M H Ebel, Sacramento'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Sresovich, San Jose Shaffer, Ohio
Mrs Hale, San Jose F O Tobey, Ohio «
E G Hatch. Ohio ,W T Saegers, Ohio
C B Reinhart, Chicago J M Solenberg, Ind
w Rice, Mo F J Mathews. Mich
C Rogers, Silver City D M Smith, Mich
L P Barker, Tex L 0 Cahoon. Salt Lake
V M Smith, Tex C Blasius, Salt Lake
J A Rickets. Tex M Mcßrtde, Salt Lake
II Clanger, Salt Lake ; J W Franklin, Fresno
II Gallivan, Ind G W Turner. Denver
J A Sheldon, 111 J F Brennan, Sacto
C H Conrad, Ariz J H Doubler, Ohio
H Hemsath. Ariz T Bilkey. Ohio
J R Stlmber, Ohio C Calkins, Ohio
J Shannon. Ind J J Robson, Ohio
R E McCann. Ind P J Kelly, Ohio
C B Grubb. Kans J Orr. Ohio
J Smith, Kans H T Huth, Ohio
1 4* »
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October U.
Stmr Bonita, Bucard, 4 hours from Amesport.
Stmr -Ruth, Lundquist, 51 hours from San
Pedro.
-- . SAILED.
Wednesday, October H.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sunol, Li.-big, Grays Harbor."
DOMESTIC PORT.
EUREKA— Oct 11— Stmr Alliance,
hence Oct 10. __ - ■'_,-"_■■"'
Sailed Oct Stmrs Weeott and Samoa, for
San Francisco. .-.>:•'.;
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Trave.
from Bremen. '."
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton. ,
Arrived Oct Stmr Albino, from Hamburg;
stmt- Panama, from Bordeaux.
PLYMOUTH— Arrive! Oct Stmr Patricia,
from New York, for Hamburg. -
LIVERPOOL— Oct 11— Stmr Civic, fm
New York.
HONGKONG— previous to Oct 11—
Stmr Nlppan Maru, from San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct Stmr Bel
renland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr New
York, from New York. ,
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Oct 11— Stmr Teutonic,
r £rom New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J§3s9i ~B*h t_nr i_ 83W
M V&_)_f B W RWaXa% ttOL\ 1
SISK HEADACHE
S Positively cured by those
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remady tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Smafl Price,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jb»^ Steamers leave Broadway
y^fo- -wharf, San Francisco.
l__3_P*__t Fcr Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
3_Cv J * i^*'*_4 Oct. 3," 8. 13. 18. 23. '28; Nov -
I ____¥_____ 2 - change at Seattle.
I E___fß s_c? For Victoria, Vancouver
I _____fflfc| (B. C.).. Port Townsend. 3e-
L^^^_-_H attic, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. J, S.
12, 18. 23, 28: Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. „ .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct.
6. 11. 16. 21, 26, 31; Nov. 6 and every fifth
day thereafter.
Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Oct. 3, 7, 11. 15, 19. 23, 27. 31;
Nov 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Oct. 5, 9. 13, 17. 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jogs del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paa, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ; - •'- "■'. "''■■'- '« "V,.""
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Falling. •'- ;
TICKKT OFFICE - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From <=r>ear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC 88 Second Class And Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Oct. 5. 15, 25
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 10, 20 i)
Short Line to "Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO..
;-;■;>. r Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
New York Oct. 25 ' New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. 1 St. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon,
Westernland ...Oct. lSlFriesland Nov. 8
Kensington ....Oct. 2"i! Southwark Nov. 13
Nordland Nov. li Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seal-He. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
COMPAQNIE GENSRALE TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -2_».
Sailing every Thursday instead of <KfI"EJJP
Saturday, from November 2, 1599, at -"~^^*s»
in a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE, Oct. 2S; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE, Nov. 23; LA
TOTJRAINE, Nov. 30: LA BRETAGNE, Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, $50 and upward; 5 per
cent reduction on round trio. Second-class to
Havre, $45; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
TOYO^KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU.. Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MART" Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
§__!!SIJ»-S3__lf' The s " S - Australia
Sfc_3_li__ sails for Honolulu
S y~~~ Wednesday, October
Ja _- 18. at 2 p. m.
1 Oj/ _• A S. S. Moana sails
f iT-WSnilW via Honolulu and
CyiWJiliJlUU Auckland for Sydney
/0~Fl?pl|~ Wednesday. Nov. 1,
• w.nuuivsr at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific M. FreisM Office. 32l Market St
BAY AND HIVES. STEAMERS,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." ..."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE BOc
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
■Vi^MM«____-~~~a~___n~___HV____-____-__H_B___M^iHH~~~HVM_~H
Santa Feßpute
i-jS- A ? i^___/-
X A f# I _P™ "KANSAS
lt)^^__^ £ J?^^l-BUOU_3QU_
■ a \ »n.PA_»
W-f |">SA«eei__ *PHO£NI_
INS **fP
'■^V^SAf. FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
=^ THE most COMFORTABLE WaY
across the continent.
every day IN the year PULL-
MAN palace AND pullman up-
holstered tourist cars leave
oakland mole for ch'cago AND
the east. take market STREET
FERRY AT 550 P m.
DINING ROOMS AND dining
cars are managed by mr FRED
HARVEY, and ARE PERFECT in
every DETAIL. _. .
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am 510:30 am Stockton I T3:40 pm| 6:00 pra
9:10 am 5 2:05 pm Merced fl2:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami. 5:55 pm Fresno t9:00 am 2:42 pra
ll:Ss am, j 7:45 pm Hanford T7:00 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm (12:30 am Bakersfleid !1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am t6:25 pm Visalla (5:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm tf:f,3 pm Tulare | (4:25 am *1:05 pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 628 Market st;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J st.
__n Jose Olflce. 7 West Santa Clara It, •
.-.>.g_____3__K_Wi_i l __ai__^^
__AILROAP TRAVEL.
Mil IltlllN 1-A4IFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains lenre ami »■-•* Hue ««» nrrlfe at
NAN PttAM<JI»CO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 2, 1899. — arbiti
•7:OOa Benicia. Suisun and Sacramento.... # s:_sp
»7:«Oa Marysville, Oroville and Redding ria
Woodland __■§»-
•7:OOa l'l-.i.ira. Vacaville anil Unmsey »8:50p
•7:_« a M:u:i: San El anion, Vallejo. Napa,
Calißtoga and Santa Rosa *a-.\^r
•9:OOa Atlantic i:ii,r,-.-<3, Ogden and ICast.. *-:l.">A
•»::u»,\ Man Jose, Livermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerviile,
MurysTllle, Chioo, Bed Blurt MilUp
•»i»Oa •Milton, Oakdaleand Sonora ••1:1. 1i»
•i»:«(K Raj— aads. Nil, a and Way Stations. # 11:45 a
•9:OOa Martini ■/., Tncy, I_throp, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno »12:13p
•1»i«m»a Fresno, llakersfleld, Santa Itarbarn,
Loi Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East »o:4."ip
•IO:0«a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations "*»4_P
•I I:(M)a Hay wards, Niles and Way Stations. *2:.3p
*IU:OOm Niks, IJvermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vrsalia, •
l'.rterville *l:l9p
fi:OOp Sacramento Birer Steamers fS:«OP
•3:00p Hay wards, Niles and Way Stations. •»:_3p
*_tO«p Martinez, San ltannm, Vallejo,
. Napa, (Jalistoga, Santa ltosa. •0«I3*
«4:OOr Beuicia, Vacavllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
M.irvsvillf, Oroville 0:-»l*
••i:3opNlle.i. San, lose and Stockton •7a»l>
•3:OOp The Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno. ...
ltakerafield. Saugns for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles '..... •»«4Sa
•s::iop Stockton, Merced, l-'rosno •I*:l3_
*SsS9_ Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and !_• Angeles •9:43 a
•3i!lOp Santa Fo Konto, Atlantic l-'.xpress
for Mojrto anil Mast *6i4Sp
•0:OOp Chicago-San Francisco Special, Og.
dm and K_rt .»:H9r
•6:OOp Hay wards, Niles and San Jose •7:4,1 a
40:00 p Valk-jo »ia:l3F
17:00p Vail. J... Port Costa and Way Sta-
-ions J9:»sp
•B:o3i' Oregon lux|iress,.Sacriiiiieiito, Marys-
\iile. Bed. ling, Portland, I'nget
Sound 1-ist *B:iaa
COAST DIVISION iNiirroir (iange).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
•8:I3a Newark. I'-iiti.rville.Sau Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, an t a Oruz and Way
Stations •3l8«r»>
f2:l3p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Alniaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa I'm; and Principal Way
Stations ,0 ' sft A
•4:13p Newark. Han Jose, Los Gatos. »ox2oa
oll:15i> Hunters' Excursisn. San Jose and
Way Stations {7i2oi»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FRiHCISCO— Feci of Mirltet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. J LOO *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 15:00 »C:ooi'.a.
FromOA.UllD— footer Bra«dw»v.— "(1:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:.0 *!__ 13:00 «3:C3 11:03 "3:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
('i'hird .Mid Townsend St..)
tG:I«A Ocean View. South Man Francisco.. f6:3op
*7:OOa San Jute anil Way Stations (New
Alinadcu Wednesdays only) *l:SO_
•9:OOa s.m Jose, Tree I'lnOs, Santa Cruz,
Paeili,- ("rove, Paso Hollies, Sau
Luis Ohteno, Surf, Loir poc mid
Principal Way Stations Mi-Op
•10:40 a San .loss and Way-fitntioii. •0:33 a
«I1::IOa Ban Jose and Way Stations »3«30p
f.:45i-SHn Mateo, Etedwood, Menlo Park,
P_ ■ Alto, Santa Cl-ra. San .lose,
Trea Finos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Orove f10:36A
f„:S«r San .lose and Wax Stations *7:aop
■f4:lsi" San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S):43a
foiOOr Ban Jose and Trkioipal Way Stations t»:0«»A
*.»::Jo[' San Jose and Principal WavStaliuus *8:33 a
•«::t«p Ban Jose and Way Stations f8:00_
611:45p San Jose and Way Stations *7:3Qp
A for Morning I* for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
The I , t«II , U'TItAX«KKrOMI».tNV
will call for and check haggage bom hotels and resi-
dences Enquire of Ticket Agents te Time Cards and
other information.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market _t.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:2O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:38,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. in.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 1_:45,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 6:08,
6:25 p. m.
Between .San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, j .
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- "Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days,
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am l Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Heaidsburg-,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, . 7:86 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am : Hopland and io : 25 an
3:30 pm 8:00 am, Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 10:25 ana
1 8:00 am; Gnerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pmf 8:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
■ - and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
f:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. [10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm: I 7:35 pm, 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skajrgs
Springs; at Cicverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. : . .. '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets _
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates, i.r;;)^.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 18S9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *9:30, 11: a. m. : »1:45.
•3:40, 6:15. 600, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO, 'HBOO. »11:30 a. m.; "1:16,
3:16, *4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (♦) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN- FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:35. 7:45, »9:40 a. m.;
•12:30, 2:15, »3:40, '5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ?»-.:'.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. 'HBOO. ni:4s a. m.j
•1:40, »3:15. 4:45, '6:30 p. m. - •- ■
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:45 a, m. ;
12:3.'., 2:35, 8:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS.on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15, 8:30,
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays Tomales and -ay stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave. San Francls_> via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 1893.
WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO; 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, 81 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
/^~\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
___h*3_J-_ A 25 KKAR>T ST. Established
ST 'l! B _S-*\ In 1*54 for tin- treatment of Private
K_-UV__3r Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
S__K9i9_!_ disease wearing on bodyand mind and
_____J_U_i "'"' Diseases. 'I'hr -l-rrrr — r-n — h ""
| _^BB_3S_j| others fall. Try him. Charges low.
_M_H EB _E| Care* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Or. J. *' tiIBBOK. Box 1937. San Francisco
WEE_f CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year*
1314
FUNSTON SAYS ONE AGGRESSIVE
CAMPAIGN WILL END WAR BY MARCH
"Fighting Fred" and His Stanch
Kansas Boys Escorted to Camp
Amid Wild Enthusiasm.
IF tho winter campaign be properly I
conducted there is no reason why the |
Americans should not be sole masters
of the Philippines by March of next
year. This is the opinion of General
Funston of tho Kansas regiment, ex
pressed when he arrived at the home of
his wife in East Oakland last night.
"The situation ln the Islands," he said,
"has reached a stage where it is very
easy to see how to cope with It. There
must be no temporizing, no wasted sym
pathy, no foolish sentiment; It must be a
case of fight, fight, fight. The Filipinos
tire now In such a frame of mind that
they will not yield until they are thor
oughly thrashed and convinced that it is
useless to oppose American arms. I do
not say this unadvisedly. I have given
the matter many months of deep study,
and my knowledge of Spanish enables me
to converse freely with officers and pris
oners on the rebel side and also with the
peace envoys.
"We arrived at Manila last December,
which was two months before hostilities
broke out. During those two months the
officers of the Filipinos frequently came
within our line i, and I discussed with
them every phase of the situation. They
were very' high-minded, and gave me the
opinion that they thought they were well
able to look after themselves, and that it
was all very well for the Americans to
deliver them from the persecutions of
Spain, but that, having performed that
service, we should he satisfied and leave
them alone. The best among them are
ignorant. Occasionally I find a smatter
ing of education, but they are absolutely
an ignorant race and incapable of self
government. It is true that they. possess
much shrewdness and are cunning, but in
reality the chief trait in their character ls
treachery. It Is this which has enabled
them to make as good a showing as they
have made, but this is no argument, nor
can It be made so, that they are capable
of governing themselves.
"Supposing that they were to be left
alone, the islands would be a sceno of in
surrection without any possibility of re
storing peace. Only a strong power can
take hold of these islands, subdue the
various factions and place them on a solid
footing. I am convinced that the best
way to govern the islands ls to give them
a linn, stiff-necked colonial government,
molded on the same lines as the govern
ment of the colonies of Great Britain.
There should be a Governor General, who
should have absolute power over the civil
Government and also the command of the
"United States troops and any native
troops that it may be considered judicious
to organize. This may seem strange, but
I am convinced that as soon as the rebel
lion is crushed there will be an entire
change of heart among a large percentage
of the natives, and they will be quite
willing to carry arms under American of
ficers.
"With the 86,000 men now down there
and the additional 25,000 that will be on
the ground when the November campaign
opens there will be ample to walk through
the Islands. Sixty thousand troops will
teach those Filipinos the lesson they de
serve. But it must not be a campaign of
temporizing. It must be aggressive and
persistent from the start. There must be
no let-up. and no oportunity must be given
the rebels,, once routed, to recover."
General Funston was asked If he thought
General Otis' methods are best calculated
to secure the desired end.
"Being in the service," said he, " I
must refrain from criticizing my superior
officers."
"Do you think. General, that the same
tactics that have been employed during
the past eight months will Insure success
ln the winter campaign?"
"I do not. The winter campaigns must
be more forcible, and with the additional
men who will be there it can readily be
made so. There 1b not sufficient Judg
ment permitted to the various regimental
officers. Every officer as far along down
the line as a major in command of a regi
ment should be allowed much wider dis
cretion than has been allowed up to this
time. It is noteworthy that the most re
markable successes under arms have been
accomplished by small bodies of men.
Small bodies can move more quickly and
ere handler than larger bodies, and if
those in command of single regiments
were given only general orders and al
lowed to exercise the discretion which
they undoubtedly have, and which they
are well qualified to use, the campaign
will be more successful. I do not exactly
mean to say that there is too much red
tape ln use down there, but there is too
much concentration of power and too lit
tle opportunity to act Individually.
"The Filipinos are no match for the
Americans on the battlefield. In one in
stance, at Caloocan, where the Kansas
troops were engaged, we lost two men,
while I personally counted 112 dead Fili
pinos. This is, of course, not a fair com
parison, but the Americans are certainly
ADV___TISE__E_7TS.
1 DR.PIERCES I
I PAVORITEs i
I PF_ESCRIPTT^J
IReAR WOMEN M
m STRONG ii
ip.CKWOWEN|i
as much superior under arms to tho Fili
pinos as six to one.
"No criticism can be made, so far as I
can learn, on the Washington end of the
war. There everything seems to be work
ing along the lines which I should think
would most speedily accomplish the
desired end. Of course a great deal of
my Information on this point has
been derived from the newspapers,
but there is a general feeling in
the islands that the administration
fully intends to finish the war as soon as
possible, and that it does not intend to
permit any delay of any character.
"] must say that the newspapers nave
treated -.he news from the Philippine
Islands very fairly. I have carefully
watched tho . published news relating to
the Kansas Regiment, and it has been re
markably correct. Barring some very
complimentary references to myself, I
must say that I have seen no exaggera
tions either in regard to our side of the
question or the Filipino's side. I Bee no
reason why more fairness should have
been shown the Kansas Regiment than
any other, and therefore I must say that
there ls no complaint to be made on the
news sent out from the islands.
"The seat of all the trouble at this time
ls the Filipino junta at Hongkong. This
pernicious little body is keeping the war
alive. It is in communication with the
state, and it supplies Agulnaldo's army
with the hope upon which It lives. It
sends out leports of fearful disasters to
our troops that never occurred; It
Imagines all manner of friendly feeling
the world over toward the Filipinos; It
assures them of all kinds of outside sup
port, which ls entirely without founda
tion, and ln this manner keeps their
spirit alive. They are busiest Just now
circulating reports that the trend of
public opinion ln this country ls against
the American procedure in the islands.
They are informed by this junta that a
majority of all the States have already
pronounced against the policy of the ad
ministration and that they have only to
wait until the next general election,
when the United States will grant them
their independence and leave the islands
forever. Of course, such a policy would
be absolutely absurd because, as I have
said, the Filipinos are too ignorant and
are thoroughly incapable of self govern
ment. But still, this kind of campaign
ing has Its effect on the ignorant natives,
and they are induced to keep on their
campaign. ';?^"
"Agulnaldo himself is shrewd, but not
clever. To use slang, he Is a great 'con' !
worker. I know of no better term. He
circulates and corroborates all that the
Junta sends out and adds to It all that
Ids cunning Imagination can devise. With
him the campaign is a great confidence
game. I cannot see at present Just how
he will be benefited particularly, but I
know enough of his nature to be certain
that he is not working for nothing. He
is cruel, vindictive and selfish, and if his
people could only be persuaded to accept
tho truth of the situation they would de
sert him to-morrow.
"The very best that the Filipinos could
have done for themselves would have
been to accept the terms of the first
proclamation Issued by General Otis.
Those terms were broad and magnani
mous and were all that they could pos
sibly expect. Agulnaldo and the Junta
made such efforts to misrepresent this
proclamation that the natives were sus
picious of It and their great opportunity
was lost. But for the misrepresentations
of the Junta hostilities would never have
been commenced, but having been com
menced there Is but one way to finish
them. ,- ;.-_•;
"So long as those fellows think they
have a ghost of a show of holding up
their end they will maintain the rebel
lion. But if the American army fight
them at every hand, drive them before
and completely convince them that it Is
absolutely useless to prolong a struggle
against such overwhelming odds then the
natives, I believe, will turn as a wholes
fc -:■ - --7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1809.
will come flocking into our camp and will
have no further use for that prince of
confidence operators— Aguinaldo.
KANSAS MEN ASHORE.
March Through the Streets and
Are Greeted With
Cheers.
The Tartar docked early yesterday aft
ernoon and discharged its freight of Kan
cans on their native land.
In the expectation that the transport
• would dock earlier in the day, the escort
i from the Presidio was at the dock long
! before noon, and it had to wait until near
i ly 2 o'clock before the volunteers were
j ready to march to the camp. There was
j no delay after the transport was made
fast, however. The men were rapidly
formed upon the wharf, which had been
j cleared by the police, and then the gates
were thrown open and they marched out
! into the cheering crowd, each man deco
! rated with the sunflower badge, em-
I blematic of the State flower of Kansas.
! General Funston and Governor Stanley
1 rode in the parade and divided the, greet-
GENERAL FUNSTON AND GOVERNOR STANLEY AT THE
HEAD OF THE PARADfc.
ings with the men. All the way up Mar
ket street traffic had to cease until the
boys in brown had passed by. The crowds
lined the curbs and blocked the sidewalks,
and every one had a cheer for the men
who fought so well.
The column passed up Market street to
Van Ness avenue, and then, when Its head
reached Bush street, the reviewing of
ficers, with Governor Stanley and General
Funston, turned out and watched the men
go by. They went no farther with the
regiment.
At the gates of the Presidio there was
another crowd, smaller but quite as en
thusiastic as any that had been passed by
on the street, which dropped in behind
the column and followed it noisily to its
place among the tents.
Then came an invitation to dine with
the men from Montana. The two com
mands are. old comrades in arms: they
fought side by side all the way from
Manila to San Fernando, and the Montana
men were among the most vociferous In
their welcomes. There was a fine meal
awaiting the Kansas men, and they were
not slow to make the most of it, for trans
port fare was no better on the Tartar
than on any of the other boats.
Last evening discipline of the strictly
military sort was not In evidence; the
] men were allowed to do about as they
: pleased. As they arrived at camp rather
I late In the day any one who wished was
i allowed to spend the night in the city,
i and many availed themselves of this priv
! ilege. The others made themselves as
comfortable as possible for the night, and
to-day they will settle themselves for the
three weeks that will elapse before they
shall be mustered out.
There was not much In the way of ef
! fusvle greetings on the way to the camp or
on the dock, for all the morning tugs and
launches laden with friends and relatives
had been going and coming to and from
the transport, and every one who knew
any one in the regiment had passed the
welcome before the ship came to • the
wharf. i-;.;. ■■>-■:■
There is a month's pay coming to tho
Kansas men, and they will probably draw
this before they have been many days
ashore. The papers of the regiment have
been made all ready for the mustering out
officers, and there Is but little to do or .to
delay matters. The accounts must all go
back to Washington, however, and that
will take up the time while the regiment
ls waiting.
The following men from the Tartar were
admitted Mo tho general hospital at tho
Presidio yesterday: William R. Smith,
Walter Sherburne, Company A; Wilson B.
Smith Company B; Edward Ziebell,
James Eckert, Company C; James Wheat,
Company D; George Lowrance. Philip
Klnnan. Company G; Frank Martin, Com
pany H; George Mills, Company I; Cor
poral Frank W. McQuaid, George I_ Bol
ton, Company X, Sergeant Joseph Mur
The Absolutely Pure
Made from Grape
Cream of Tartar.
Baking powders made from alum and other
harsh, caustic acids are lower in price, but
inferior in work and injurious to the stomach.
.BOYAU BAKING POWDER CO-, NEW YORK.
ray, Company L, of the Kansas regiment;
George F. Breslin of the Nineteenth Sig
nal Corps: David M. Estes, Company St,
Fourteenth Infantry, and Leon F. Her
maze, Company F, Twenty-third Infan
try.
Monday next General Shafter will retire
from the regular army as a brigadier gen
eral, but It is still a question whether or
not he will remain as a major general of
volunteers, with the chances greatly iq
his favor. There Is nothing In the laws
governing volunteers which in any way
refers to retirement for age, and so it ls
quite within precedent to keep Shafter
ln harness until volunteer troops have
ceased to come and go through this de
partment. The care of the outgoing and
incoming volunteers has been a matter
much more serious than is generally Im
agined, and the fact that there has been
no trouble and no delays is due to the
fact that they have been well handled.
It is argued, therefore, that the Govern
ment will not relieve General Shafter
while there is so much work for which he
is eminently fitted to be done. Dispatches
from the East state that several of the
older colonels will be raised to the vacant
place as brigadier and then retired, their
promotion being in the nature of a reward
for faithful service and to enable them to
retire on the pay of a general instead of
that of a colonel, and that then the va
cancy will go either to Lawton or Mac-
Arthur, both staff colonels of regulars.
A board for the re-examination of con
tract surgeons, has been appointed to meet
at the Presidio. The members of the
board are Major P. F. Harvey, surgeon;
Captain Edward Evarts, assistant sur
geon . and Acting Assistant Surgeon A. J.
Pedlar. In orders the board is appointed
to re-examine Acting Assistant Surgeon
E.P. Howell, but it has power to exam
ine any others who may be ordered be
fore it.
MANILA LIBRARY.
Soldiers Will Be Able to Enjoy
a Variety of Good Literature.
The Red Cross ladies of San Francisco
met last evening in the rooms of Mrs. Gen
eral Greenleaf to prepare the preliminary
organization of a committee which will
labor to establish a free circulating li
brary In Manila for the use of American
soldiers and citizens. : ;y...
The proposition was discussed for two
hours, and in a few weeks the first prac
tical steps for the establishment of a Ma
nila library will be made. Already Mayor
Pheian. P. N. Lilienthal. Dr. Robert Mac
kenzie, Mr. and Mrs. John F. Merrill and
Hugh Craig have signified their intention
of taking an active part in the work. A
general committee will be nominated dur
ing the week, and on October 19 a meet
ing will be called. This committee on
Ways and Means will endeavor to enlist
the services of all patriotic men and
women to furnish literature for the Ma
nila library. The work will be directed
by. Mrs. Greenleaf, who leaves for Manila
oh the Hancock.
SOLDIERS USED AS CATSPAWS.
Unwarranted and Malicious Suit
Against Citizens' Executive
Committee. ■ • •
John E. Talbot . . and . Edward E.
Reynolds, claiming to be members of the
First California Volunteer Regiment, and
W. A. Bourne, who avers that he was
a member of Battery A. have filed a suit
against the citizens' executive committee
and the finance committee of the volun
teer reception for an accounting of the
funds. The complaint alleges .hat up
ward of $60,000 was subscribed by the
citizens of San Francisco for the recep
tion of the volunteers and for the care
and maintenance of the sick and
wounded soldiers; that about $20,000 was
expended for the purpose, leaving a bal
ance of $40,000. It says that various
propositions for expenditure of the bal
ance have been made, other than that in
tended by the citizens. The plaintiffs
pray that the money be taken out of the
hands of the committees and given Into I
the custody of the soldiers, fur whose j
benefit, it alleges. It was raised.
The suit is looked upon as a malignant |
attack on the members of the committee i
Inspired by some designing person who |
is making a catspaw of the soldiers. The ;
committee is not contemplating the ex- i
i enditure of the money for any other I
purpose than that intended by those
who subscribed it. !
THROWN FROM HIS HORSE
AND BADLY INJURED
WILLIAM G COWAN'S SKULL
' FRACTURED BY A FALL.
Surgeons Fear He May Die He Is
Believed to Be Well Connected
in the East.
William G. Cowan, who is believed to
be a member of a prominent Boston fam
ily, was thrown from a horse and per
haps fatally injured last evening on Mis
sion street, between Fourth and Fifth.
Cowan had evidently been horseback rid
ing all afternoon and as he was cantering
along Mission street his steed became
frightened by an approaching car and he
was thrown forcibly to the pavement.
The unfortunate rider landed on the
back of his head, sustaining a severe frac
ture of the skull. Cowan was picked up
in an unconscious condition and removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where Drs.
Dray and Starr removed a button of
bone from the injured man's skull.
After Cowan had been removed from
the operating room he developed symp
toms favorable for his recovery, but the
surgeons say his chances of life are ex
ceedingly small. Judging from private
papers and letters found on the injured
man's person it is evident that Cowan is
well connected in the East.
In his pocket was found an honorable
discharge from the United States army,
showing that Cowan served as sergeant
in Troop A of the Second Cavalry during
the late war. It was dated Jacksonville,
Fla., and was issued on October 24, ISS9S
Several personal letters postmarked
Brattleboro, Vt., and addressed to
Cowan at Denver and Lead ville, Colo.,
were also among his possessions, together
with an announcement from Attorney
Charles C. Bull. 50 Broadway. New York,
to the effect that the latter had forwarded
Cowan a telegraphic, money order for
$1500. •tw r -i
When Cowan was injured he was
dressed in a gray tweed riding suit with
leggings.
WERE MARRIED AT NOON.
Miss Edna J. Scott and Dr. Edward
Hills Lake Made One at St.
Luke's.
Miss Edna J. Scott and Dr. Edward
Hills Lake were quietly wedded in St.
Luke's church yesterday. Owing to a re
cent death in the family of the bride the
ceremony was a very quiet affair and
nobody outside of personal friends of the
contracting parties were present.
The bride was accompanied by Miss Ma
rie Rose Carew as maid of honor, while
the groom had for best man Dr. John
Purvis. The ushers were Walter Albert
Scott. John Edward Medau and Dr Jo
seph S. Brooks. After the ceremony the
bridal couple left for an extended tour of
the south. ..>-t':<
Dr. Lake Is a well-known member of the
medical profession, while his wife is tne
daughter of Joseph W. Scott and sister
of Harry Scott, of the transport service
and Walter A. Scott, with Dunham, Car
rigan & Hayden.
Carpenter Fell Four Stories.
Frank Deer, a carpenter, was engaged
on the seventh floor of the Crocker build
ing yesterday afternoon doing some work
on the banisters, when he lost his hold
and fell to the third story. He was picked
up In a semi-conscious condition and
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Stephen found that his left thigh
and ankle were broken, his face and lips
smashed and his nose broken, and he was
also suffering from internal Injuries. His
escape from death was almost a miracle
Children! note the result of beautifying
common things; an object lesson in
"Keith's" window, 80S Market street. Phe
ian building. •
Guardsmen Must Report.
An order has been Issued from superior
headquarters at Sacramento directing that
officers and men who have been honorably
discharged from the volunteer service of
the United States, and who previous to
enlistment were In the National Guard of
California, must. If they desire to re-enter
the Guard report to the proper officers on
or before the 30th of next November
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. *
Unregistered Chinese Must Leave.
Fort Collector Jackson was notified yes
terday that the Solicitor of the Treasury
had decided that a Chinaman who fails
to comply with the requirements of the
law approved November 3, ISD3. providing
for the registration of Chinese laborers
forfeits the right to remain in this coun
try. 7.;;-- V^ - '.*--.--•;
For more than fifty years the famous Jesse
Moore whiskey has been the standard brand of
the world.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
George M. Mowry, saloon-keeper, of
Roberts Island, San Joaquin County, lia
bilities $5146, assets $5210. Christian
Schreiber, merchant, San Francisco, lia
bilities $14,865, assets $10,941 32.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 331 Post st. *
Hales. '' I
. , . —
AkU rlnu in hiftvftru is the ; anniversary of the- discovery
this flay in History of America. -Oct «, 1492.
■ fjD B J! I 0 1 9
thio nay of Ha p q
Illio uaj al sioiO a
4 household items
25 pieces sateens, 32 inches wide.
blue and black grounds, In stripes
and figures; 10c and. lsc quality; suita-
ble for dresses and wrappers; to close
7 l-2c yard
20 pieces percales, 36 Inches Wide,
white ground and light blue: 12V.C
quality: to close J* o yard
80 dozen Turkish towels, un-
bleached; size 21x44 Inches: very
heavy quality 12 l-2c each
Initial Turkish towels, size 22x4S
inches; in plain white, embroidered
in red initials; also colored borders,
woven Initials 2oc each
warm underwear
3 lots of ladles' Jersey ribbed vests
and pants: extra heavy weight and
elastic; handsomely finished, fleece
lined; all the seams covered: colors,
ecru, natural gray and cream white:
sizes 3. 4. 5, 6. 7 and 8; regular 40c
value; 1250 garments to be sold at...
25c each
ladies' hermsdorf
hose
1800 pair ladles' imported full fash-
ioned black cotton hose; Louis
Hermsdorf black" full length, elastic
tops, extra double soles and toes,
high double heels: sizes S»_ to 10: reg-
ularly sold at 25c pair; 3 pairs for..
! ; .' 50c
nettings
lULtlUv,©
spangled nettings In endless vari-
ety: steel and black on white, all
steel on black and all black; 27 inches
wide; from $2.50 to $6 yard; jetted
netting, black only. 27 inches wide,
from....- $1.35 to $8.50 yard
just received a variety of dainty de-
signs in black silk applique, for waist
and skirt trimming:: from
75c to $1.50 yard
DEMOCRAT FOR
WARDEN AT THE
FOLSOM PRISON
Decision Reached by
Board of Directors.
The vacancy in the office of Warden,
! Folsom State prison, caused by the death
of Charles Aull. is engageing the atten
; tion of the office-seeking fraternity. The
i Board of Prison Directors held a meeting
iat Folsom day before yesterday and
! placed Captain Murphy temporarily at
; the head of affairs at the institution. The
! temporary appointment does not signify
! that Captain Murphy will be chosen to
1 permanently fill the vacancy.
On Saturday next the board will meet
again and at that time a new Warden
may be elected. At the last meeting the
'< directors discussed the subject, and while
! they did not agree to support any can
didate, did reach the definite decision to
appoint a Democrat to rill the vacancy.
Among the Republican aspirants for the
wardenship is Mark B. Ivory of Byron,
who was formerly Sheriff of Contra Costa
County. Mr. Ivory also served one term
as State Prison Director, succeeding
1 Charles Sonntag.
! The determination of the directors to
i appoint a Democrat to till the vacancy at
: Folsom will doubtless cause widespread
i commotion in Republican circles. The
I comment is made that Governor Gage
, may intervene and suggest the appoint
l ment of a Republican, There may be in
i Southern Cal rnia or elsewhere just
. such another man as Agulrre, who was
> elected to succeed Hale as Waraen at San
Quentln, but if there be one it is hoped
1 that Gage will not produce him as a can-
I didate. _ . _, __
Mark B. Ivory, who is mentioned as an
aspirant for the office, is highly spoken of
!by Assemblyman C. M. Belshaw. It is
said that Mr. Ivory made a first-class
: record as Sheriff of Contra Costa County.
I The information comes to The Call from
! an authentic source that the board has
: firmly resolved to select a Democrat. It
is not unusual for a Democratic Warden
! to hold office through a Republican ad
ministration of State affairs, and neither
is it unusual for a Republican Warden to
i hold under Democratic regime. The di
' rectors assert that a capable man will be
' chosen. __________________
Contract Not Binding.
A short time ago the new Labor Com
'■ missioner, F. V. Meyers, inquired of At
' torney General Tirey L. Ford relative to
! a contract made by the former Commis
i sioner. Fitzgerald. The latter in last No-
I vember leased rooms In the Clunle build
ing for a term of three years for the bu
reau. Meyers wanted to know if the con
i tract was' binding upon him. Mr. Ford's
answer was that such a contract is not
I binding upon the present Commissioner,
as a State officer cannot be bound, under
j such circumstances, by his predecessor's
: ; acts. • --
._*_.
Sudden Death of H. Yon Bremen.
H. yon Bremen, a bookkeeper, employed
j In a cigar-store at the northeast corner
' of Third and Mission streets, died in the
I City and County Hospital yesterday
morning. He had been found by the
police last Sunday night in Bartlett alley
' unconscious, and was taken to the Harbor
! Hospital, where It was found that he was
j partly paralyzed. He was then removed
Ito the City and County Hospital. The
deceased resided at 502 Washington street.
: I gj_«i_____t_i^^
i ! I I9oo's- -$40 I
'i I ' ARRIVE NOV. Ist 1
: ! AGENTS WANTED. M
1899 1
< 3fesfc_\s_C° I
„ t , BICYCLES |
I $35 I '
I; WHILE THEY LAST. fi
I THOS. H. B. VARNEY, 1
Market and 10th Sts.. S.F. p
OPEN EVENINGS. gg
Hales.
fifteen thousand yards of
lace at less than half its
j usual selling price : linen
: stable sets for half a thou-
I sand dining tables and a
j storeful of good goods like
1 the following :
sacqucs and
wrappers
. new arrivals In silk and cashmere
! wrappers and teagowns: 20 all-wool
j henrietta cashmere wrappers, lined
I all through with fitted waist linings;
j ribbon trimmed $5 each
j 36 henrietta cashmere dressing
I sacques. lined throughout with fitted
I linings, lace trimmed: colors, black.
I blue and red $2.50 each
36 silk dressing sacques, lined
throughout with titter) waist linings.
lace and ribbon trimmed: colors,
white, blue. pink, hello and black: ex-
cellent values §5 each
36 fine taffeta silk waists, all the
new colorings, finely corded fronts
and backs, tight fitted waist linings;
I excellent value $5 each
! bazaar bits
wire fly screens. 34 inches long lOc
8-inch wood plates 5c dozen
11-inch bread boards !_."»«•
17-inch kraut cutter _41c
6V_-inch white enameled bowL.lOc
8-quart galvanized iron teakettle..
j 25c
*ttM' --«s____j__ fctt> GOOO^*^
-"'— '■_ ii i -"^
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
pSS_fl
t- _ _ **cb- "'..' .a __j_s * 5. — ~
3-Day Specials!
It Is becoming a matter of more Impor-
tance daily that table wines should be
only the best and purest. We unhesi-
tatingly reaffirm that ours are equal to
any and superior to most that is sold.
White Wine, £allo i 40c
A delicious old table wine.
Regularly 75c.
Sapolio. A cakes, ..2oc
.Regularly 3 for 25c.
Butter, pep lb 25c
Choice Creamery.
Brandy, bot. 75c; 3 bots...s2-00
Gal $8.00
A choice 10-year-old California Brandy.
Regularly $1 and $4.
French Peas, tin 15c
Young and tender— new crop.
Regularly 20c.
Parlor Matches, A pkgs 25c
"Ideal Brand."
Regularly 3 for 25c.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
3! STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St. near Market. Ttltphons W»gt 158.
Tiliphen. Main 5522.
Silver Plated Ware.
Great Left Over Sale
"Prices Away Down,
You'll Say So,
"When You See Prices.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
xoo Stores.
gSßEa^g_BSg___3_3________________a
j AS YOU PLEASE iM
! _3Lc-^?-> S I
< A__^_^^^^ri^>> -_v • re
w^>
81 We cannot think of anything j
I that will be such a satisfactory
• purchase as one of these tabourets }
specially offered this week at $1.50 j
THE J. NOONAN j
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), I
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtb- h
| Phone Bonth 14. Open Evening. . *
a_____a________B_B__ina __a j__a__ja_
<*^Bbv Dr. R.t. Walsh
.4^S__________ &U,% GEARY ST. bet
;%__*__W£r^*_^i(l™V\. „ H > de and Larkin. '
C^=sS|||g||y Painless Extraction.
hm. "^Y A SOo
H_Tf T *.¥ xfiLJ _T°T ns »a.tM»
XjU >_I_-- ki '"^ Flesh-colored Plate,.
Continuous Gum ! Plates" "(no" bad" Joint?)** nut
specialty Have received TEN first prize, for
this branch of dentistry. No student*. »
years' experience.
Cl 3
V-^iio MARKET ST. S.F.^§|_^