VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 117.
TOO SHARP
BATTLES WITH
THE YAQUIS
Nineteen Mexican Soldiers
Are Killed and Several
Wounded.
FOUR OFFICERS FALL
♦
Inhabitants of River Towns Who
Were Taken Prisoners by the
Indians Are Released.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 24.— Official
reports of two battles between
Mexicans and Yaquis have just
been received here. General
Luis Torres had declared the j
campaign suspended until October,
but the Yaquis were not consult
ed on that point. Lorenzo Torres
j also appears to have made different j
I arrangements.
On September 14 Lorenzo Torres
j crossed the river to Vicam. a town sup
posed to have been captured by Luis |
Torres in August, and found the Indi- |
ans. They attacked his rear guard,
and a running fight ensued. The report
says the Indians were dispersed and
nine killed. The Mexican loss was five
killed and nine wounded, among the
latter Lieutenant Colonel Navarro of j
the Eleventh Battalion, one of the best !
officers on the Mexican side. v -
The report of a battle on the 18th
comes from another source, also offi
cial, and its statements of the number j
killed may be accepted. According to
this report the forces under Colonel
Hernandez (number not stated) en
countered 1000 Indians near Lake Za
quaca, a small lagoon between Torin
and Potam. The Indians retired from
the open field and sought cover In the
thick woods, where the combat raged
for more than two hours, beginning at
6 o'clock in the morning. The report
says the Indians were defeated and dis
persed, leaving on the field ST dead.
The Mexican losses are stated as four- j
teen soldiers- killed and thirty-six
wounded. Major Ruiz of the National
Guard was mortally wounded, and
Julian Esponza. captain of the Yaquis I
■who are friendly to the Mexicans, and j
Tetebins. a lieutenant in the ten years" j
war, were killed. An interesting feat
ure of the reports is the statement that
several inhabitants of river towns who
■were taken prisoner by the Yaquis in
July have been released and have re
turned to headquarters in Torin. Here
tofore the Mexicans have represented
the Yaquis as invariably torturing and
killing all prisoners.
BROUGHT A WRECKED
VESSEL INTO PORT
Engineer of the Boscowitz Saves Her
After She Was Given Up
as Lest.
VICTORIA, R. C. Sept. 24,— Much to
the surprise of shipping men the steamer
Barbara Boscowitz steamed into the
harbor this morning:. When th« steamer
Princess J.oulse, which arrived on Friday,
left the Skeena, the Boscowitz was lying
almost submerged; with the water rac
ing through her hold, stranded on an old
Ice break, r. Her boiler and engines had
phlfted and some of her steam pipes were
broken.
She was patched with canvas and
cement and the water pumped from her.
Then her engineers set out to fix the
Jumbiod up engines and broken pipes.
How they accomplished this is a surprise
to all engineers who lihvp viewed the
pitched up engines, Kngineer McGregor
with characteristic modesty will not talk
of his feat. "I had been reading about
how those fellows fixed up their engines
In Kipling's story 'Between the Devil and
the Deep Sea,' and I thought to myself
that if engines could be fixed under such
circumstances, surely we could get ours
straightened up enough to bring her
down."
This is the second time within a year
that the Boscowitz has been given up as
lest and she ha been saved.
MAILED A BOX OF
POISONED CANDY
Trial of Miss Viola Horlocker Upon
the Charge of Murder in
Hastings, Neb.
HASTINGS. Xebr.. Sept. 24.—T0-mor
row Miss Viola Horlocker will be brought
before the District Court to answer the
charge of having attempted the lire of
Mrs. Charles F. Morey for sending her
a box of poisoned candy last May. Miss
Jlorlockcr arrived in Hastings this after
noon from Oaklawn Sanitarium at Jack
sonville, 111., where she has oeen con
fined since being placed under a 15000 bond
for her appearance at this term of the
court. She v.-i- accompanied here by her
sister. Zora Gladys Horlocker of New
York.
Her appearance to-morrow will he
merely .'' formal procedure for the pur
pose of renewing the bond and to ar
rang* that the case may go over to the
l>e<*ember term of the court. Miss Hor
locker's attorneys say they do not in
tend to fight her case on any other
grounds, than that she is perfectly inno
cent. . :"i-'-" : ''l '<■■ '■'... i
CHOKED HERSELF
WITH WILLOW WITHES
Novel Method Adopted by a Nebras
ka Woman to End Her Life.
OMAHA, .Sept. 24.— A special Tom Dor
cherster tells of a novel mode of commit
ting suicide. Mrs. H. Steinhelder,.wifc of
B farmer, living two miles east of Dor
chester, went to a pond near by
and wound Willow withes about her neck
until she strangled herself. -^ -
Her husband had gone to town. A
neighbor found her. her hands still clutch
inK the ends of the boughs whose willowy
tins had been entwined around her neck.
*jhe bnd thrown her weight backward and
slowly choked to dentil, ill health is said
to have been the cause.
Bier Factory Fire.
(•IIICAOO, Sept. 21— Two factory build
ings at IS3 -ii!' l 15? South Jefferson
were almost totally destroyed by fire to
day causing a total loss or more than
ura'mo covered by Insurance. Principal
|2s!' M. Keating & Sons, $25,000; A. S.
Klein & Co.. $25,000.
The San Francisco Call.
TRANSVAAL AND THE ORANGE
FREE STATE IN ACCORD.
Pictorial Map of the Situation in South Africa.
LI iNTKIX, Sept. 2,.—T he Transvaal
situation presents no new Feat
ures. Dispatches from Johan
nesburg this morning report a
complete dislocation of the Ran 1
mining indust y. The exodus contin
ues, and all the mines are closing.
The Bloemfontein correspondent of
the Manchester Guardian, a pro-Boer
organ, says: Hoth President St-yn and
Mr. Fischer of the Orange Free State
executive inform me that the Volks
raad is absolutely unanimous that the
i two republics should stand nr fall to
gether. President Steyn said: '"Sup
we remained neutral and the
Transvaal were conquered. It Is not
likely that we ■ -ould be long permitted
to stand outside British control. Let
a rich gold veld be discovered, and
what would become of us?"
The special correspondent of the Daily
{ Telegraph at Pietermaritzburg, Natal,
says It s believed that the protracted
sitting of the Orange Free State Haad
ALASKA'S MANY EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS
FOLLOWED BY A GREAT TIDAL WAVE
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 24.—
The «eismog;raph in operation in
the meteorological station here
indicated severe shocks of earth
quake yesterday. On the occa
sion of the disturbances at Skag
uay the instrument indicated it.
Yesterday's v\as much severer
than formerly, and the officials
regard Alaska as the probable
scene of another earthquake.
P< >XT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Sept. 24.
' — Concerning the recent earthquake
I along the roast of Alaska Rev, Sheldon
Jackson, educational agent for Alaska,
I writes as follows from Yakutat under j
! date of September 17:
j The tirst shock war- experienced on Sun- j
i day, September .1, but being slight caused
no alarm. During t he following week
I Other shocks were frit, and people began,
to K't nervous. On September to, at 9:20
n. m., ill"- shocks became so violent as to
! cuuue genuine apprehension. l>urinK ihe
following five, hours there wore fifty-two ■
; distinct sto i'kp, culminating at .'i p. m. in
\ a shock so severe that people of Yakutat
were hurled violently across their rooms,
! or, if outside, thrown to the ground, while ,
'■ pictures Cell from the walls and clocks
and dishes crashed from the shelves and
: houses rocked and swayed and whirled, I
while the mission bell rang violently 'n ;
the Skakine church tower. . |
Panic stricken, the inhabitants regained |
SAN FEANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25; 1899.
is due to .he elaboration of derisive
measures. No rain has fallen in either
republic, and it is doubtful whether the
Boers can commence hostilities before
the end of October.
PRETORIA, Sept. 24.— The Volkstein
convoys to President Steyn and Mr.
Fischer of the Orange Free State the
thanks of the whole republic for their
support. According to the same au
thorlty the Transvaal Government has
decided to return to the donor the fine
young lion whi ' -cil Rhodes recently
presented t" ih<' Transvaal delegates
to the agricultural convention in Cape
Town about ten days ago, as it de
clines to have anything whatever to do
with that gentleman.
ANTI-WAR DEMONSTRATION
IS A DECIDED FAILURE
LONDON, Sept. 24.— The attempt to
hold a pro-Boer anti-war demonstra
TWO HUNDRED KILLED BY AN
EARTHQUAKE IN ASIA MINOR
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 24.— The district of Adam, in Asia Minor,
was visited by an earthquake on September 20. and according to the
latest advices over 200 persons perished.
The chief cities of Ihe vilayet or province of Adam are Smyrna, its
capital, Maneesa and Aidin. The city of Aidin is about eighty miles
southeast of Smyrna. It is the residence of the Pasha and the focus of
a flourishing trade in grain, carpets, figs, opium and sponges.
a ' **. «* .^.rk .A.. *, A *^a.i-*_* a m a A--A— A— A — A— A-
their feet and attempted to flee to the .
hills only to be again and again
thrown to the earth. Gaining the ,
hills ant! looking seaward they were |
transfixed with horror as they saw a |
great tidal wave, apparently a wall of j
water thirty feet high, approaching with •,
i lie speed of a racehorse, that would en- |
gulf their village and sweep away their
hutnes. Before the shore was reached the
earth" opened in the bottom of the harli.ir,
:md Into this chasm the tidal wave spent '
its force, and around it the sea swirled j
like a pieat maelstrom.
This saved the village from destruction. |
The tide would rise ten feet in the space 1
irf four or five minutes, and in an equally [
short time go down again. These sudden j
fluctuations being frequently repeated, i
tents were pitched on the hills back of the j
village and nearly the whole population !b
camping out, fearing that another tidal
tion in Trafalgar square this afternoon
resulted in a drastic failure. Thou
sands assembled, but not to support
the speakers. On the contrary, the
crowd waved Union Jacks and sang the
national anthem and "Rule, Britan
nia," like mighty invocations.
The speakers, who were quite in
audible, were received with groans, de
cayed apples and eggs and other mis
siles. There \\pre cheers for Mr. Cham
berlain. Secretary of State for the Col
onies, and hissos for President Kruger.
There were several ugly rushes for
the platforms, which were surrounded
:by opponents of the demonstration,
who yelled fiercely. Finally the mount
ed police were telephoned for to clear
the square. Batons were freely used;
several persons were trodden upon by
the horses, and thirty arrests were
made.
The list of speakers included none of
special influence, most of them being
labor leaders or socialists, the mem
wave may come. From the 10th to the
present there have been frequent shocks,
one having occurred this forenoon.
Near Hubbard Glacier, on Disenchant
ment Bay, were camped three miners,
A. Fleuef, W. nock and J. W. Johnson^ !
and a mile from them, at an elevation of !
sixty-four feet above the sea Messrs. j
T. Smith, Cox and son, J. Falls and D. i
Stevens. When the heavy shock of Sun- i
day the 10th. was experienced, the Fleuer
party had rigged a machine, and were
taking the oscillations of .he earthquake
waves, when, without a moment's warn
ing they were thrown violently across
the tent. At the same moment a large
fresh water lake back of their camp, .and |
about forty feet above it, was split open
and the waters were thrown upon the
camp, and before the miners could regain
their feet, they were being swept out to
sea. There, almost at the same instant.
hers of the peace associations having
no opportunity to address the crowd.
They were saluted with execrations as
soon as they mounted the platforms,
and were obliged to stand, smiling
complacently, during the singing of
the national airs and the wild cheering
for Mr. Chamberlain. Their attempts
to put their resolutions to a vote were
the merest dumb show.
Henry M. Hundman, the socialist
leader, was a particular object of ani
mosity. He was menaced with a for
est of walking-sticks when he tried to
speak.
The shouldering of a soldier and a
marine, their hands clasped, in a pro
cession around the square, provoked
frantic enthusiasm, and was alto
gether an impressive Incident, the
multitudes bursting into the song
"Soldiers of the Queen."
On many of the passing omnibuses,
which carry small Union Jacks, the
passengers lifted the flags from their
sockets and waved them vigorously.
The opponents of the meeting finally
proposed resolutions in support of the
Government's policy, wnlch were car
ried amid wild enthusiasm.
This evening the promoters of the
demonstration held a meeting !n pri
vate, and after a long discussion car
ried the following resolution: "In con
sequence of the interruption of the
I nnti-war demonstration in Trafalgar
I square to-day, fomented by a section
i of the yellow and stock-Jobbing press,
this committee resolves to hold a pub
lic meeting in one of the largest metro
! politan halls at an early date."
AUSTRALIANS WANT
TO FIGHT THE BOERS
MELBOURNE, Sept. 24— The Aus
tralian military commanders will meet
here on Thursday next to prepare a
scheme for the dispatch of a United
Australian contingent to South Africa.
they were met by a tidal wave.- -which
picked them up and not only washed them
ashore but over a hill forty feet high,
landing them In the crest of a divide.
Regaining their feet they ran along the
crest with the tidal wave boiling and
seething at their feet alongside of the
hill. - Afterward one of the party found
his baggage and clothes, one and v half
miles upon a: mountain side, where the
wave had left It. Great spruce forests
for miles along the shore were uprooted,
broken into pieces and massed Into great
piles with a roar that .was deafening.
Large rocks .weighing forty tons or more
were rolling over on another down the
mountain like that many pebbles.
Hubbard Glacier, with its two and a
half miles of sea front, thousands of feet
thick, extending for miles back to the
summit; of the mountain, broke from its
moorings and .with a grinding, indescrib- I
able roar that shook the surrounding- hills
moved bodily from half to three-quarters !
of -a- mile into; the .sea. Mountains !
were thrown down, the sea opened and
portions -of islands, disappeared. The
earth opened in many places, after the
great shock had passed, and miners be
gan to arrange to get away. A boat with
oars was found a mile up the -mountain
side, where it had been carried by the
wave "With this another boat was se
cured that was floating on the bay.
In • these two small boats they started
i for Yakutat Bay, forty-five miles away.
The first night they made camp on a large i
moraine, one and a half miles from the
mountain. ■ but an earthquake during the
night; loosened - a -landslide that covered
not only the one and a half miles of plains
but also their tent. Digging. out the tent !
and provisions they took to their boats.
On the second night they were terrified
by. strange noises that Issued from the
■ ". .- ■. - ■.--•■.■. * ■ • ■ - - . ■ ■ »
Conltnued on Second Pa«.
LETTERS THROW LIGHT
ON DENTAL SCANDAL
Money Passed From Harris and Wolf
to Knowlton.
WHEN Dr. Louis T. Cranz donned |
his warpaint and started after the
scalp of Dr. F. F. Tebbets. his
brother member of the State |
Board of Dental Examiners, whom he ac
cuses of trafficking in diplomas, he was
not prepared Jor the startling revelations
of crookedness that have confronted him
at every turn since he began his investi
gations. If Tebbets is a bribe-taker he
is not the only one, and some sensational
disclosures, involving men whose reputa
tions are supposed to be above reproach,
are looked for when the promised investi
gation is fairly under way. It begins to
look already as if the plot to enrich cer
tain individuals by licensing incompe-
HARRIS REFERS TO BRIBES.
tents, whose qualification consisted in
the ability to pungle up, is not the sole
property of the Sacramento member.
Tebbets may have acted as the figure
head, but in the nature of things he could
not work alone.
Dr. Cranz has accused no man by name,
other than Tebbets, of being concerned in
bunkoing the public, but that he nas in
formation implicating others is known,
and known also by the parties most in
terested in the matter. It would be absurd
COVINGTON WANTS PAPERS.
to suppose that these individuals, know
ing that an impartial investigation of the
charges about to be preferred by Dr.
Cranz would Inevitably result In their dis
grace, would not .nako every effort to
prevent the ltling of the charges; and.
failing in that, to prevent a fair and full
investigation. They are backed by power
ful Influences, and the fact that Dr. Cranz
is sincere in his determination to push
the matter to an issue spurs them on to
desperate energy in their efforts to head
him off.
Dr. Cranz declares that he has amde
PRICE FIVHE CENTS.
and convincing proof of the guilt of Gov
ernor Budd's appointee. He is prepared
to go on the stand and swear that Teb
bets approached him on a proposition to
share a bribe of $1(WO, which was to be
paid by a Chinese, and he has other wt
nesses who will testify to further facts
in support of his charges— facts that he
avers will leave no room to doubt the
guilt of the accused. What is more im
portant, more convincing than any verbal
evidence. Dr. Cranz has at his command
letters written by parties who are among
those alleged to have paid money to Teb
bets, through Dr. J. S. Knowlton of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, for
;i set Of questions that were to form tne
tost of the qualifications of applicants for
iental diplomas at the recent examination
held in this city. Two of the letters are
here reproduced. The first is from "W. T.
Covington of Los Angeles to George Har
ris, a dental operator, with offices in the
Phelan building. The other is the answer,
written by Harris. They are as follows:
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 8.
Dear Friend George: I arrived here O. K.
and lound work stacked up as I expected.
Say, George, get those papers by all mean?,
if you can. The general Is at Catalina
Island this week and I can't see him until
he frets back, so don't know anything new.
Write and let me know everything. Ex
cuse such a short letter, but have got to
get some work out to-night, so good-by.
Your friend, W. T. COVINGTON,
239 Vi S. Spring street.
P. S.— Say, George, say hello to Wolf,
but don't let htm see this letter, as we don't
want to get at outs with him. Will close.
San Francisco. Aug. 21.
Friend Covlngton: Just received your let
ter. After you left I stayed In town a few
days and then went tn Ukiab. Just returning.
I sent for Wolf, but he says he knows
nothing. It's ten to one we will get the
worst of It. He mußt know something be
cause he droDued It so auick. I met Teb2
MAY BE SUCCESSOR
OF SHERIFF FARLEY
VI. R. Keef, Who Will Succeed the Murdered Sheriff.
From a Photograph by Butler.
PALIXAS. Popt. 24.— M. R. Keef will undoubtedly be elected by the
Board of Supervisors as Sheriff of Monterey County to take the place of
Henry K. Farley, who, was murdered on September 11. M.R. Keef is> a brave
: and a f< arless man. He is a native of Maine, and is 4o years of age.
He came to California in IST3, and was employed in San Francisco with the
Clay- 11) iad Company until 1*93, when he came to this county.
of Miller & Lux's southern ranches, but resigned
deputyshlp under Sheriff Farley in January. He it was who cap
tured Farley's slayer, spirited him away when a thousand p ople were try
ins to take Super's life and successfully landed his prisoner In jail here,
afterword managing to avoid the mob and take the man to Ban Jose. Mr.
Keef showed very cool judgment on the night of the mmier. and will un
doubtedly be given his reward. The election takes place to-morrow morning.
bets, and he said to keep still. It Is !
common talk that the Chinaman paid $1000
and, then wot left: the Armenian J2<JO. He
Is said to havp confessed, and they are
going to throw Tebbets .off.
Business slice I returned is Rood and ;
I hoj it is with you. Write me and tell
me what yon know. Yours.
GEORGE HARRIS.
George H. Harris. Frederic O. Wolf and ;
Nicholas Connor, dentists practicing in j
this city without license or authority i
troth the State, were anxious to secure !
diplomas from the State Board of Dental j
Examiners mi Harris was gated to
prepare the way. Harris, it is alleged,
made a dicker, with Tebbets. by which he
was to be furnished with, the examination
questions-/, the consideration being $40.
Harris pawjied his diamond ring for that
amount with a Grant-avenue pawnbroker.
Tobbets, it is charged, learning that
Harris Intended to share hi? good fortune
with other?, made a demand for more
money, and then Harris called upon Wolf
for $25. Conner is also lid to have paid
over $20, all of which was turned over to
Dr. Knowlton, to be paid by him to
Tebbets.
Harris, it Is charged, received the list or
questions according to the bargain and
took them to hie office, where the three
Studied them and prepared their answers.
By some slip they had not been provided
withl'thv lUestiohs in anatomy* and.- al
though they- stood i high in every other
branch., .they were "refused their certifi
cate's. ■ when they were Informed of their
failure Harris sent a peremptory demand
for Dr. Knowlton to come to his office j
at once. Knowlton' came and brought
■with. him the money he bad received for
Tebbets, which he handed over without
question. Harris' Brat move was to take
his 'ring out of pawn, after which he re
turned the money advanced . by Wolf.'
Wolf. how( ■ retained possession of the
list of Questfons. and it was due to the
desire of Covington to get these valuable
aids to the study of dentistry that led to
the exchange of letters between him ana
Harris, ■
Harris denies that he ever had any
transactions with Dr. Knowlton or Dr.
Tebbets. but Knowlton has incautiously
admitted- his part of the transaction, al
though protesting that he had no idea for
what' trie money was Intended. •- ■
The "general" referred to in Covington's
letter to Harris Is Bank Commissioner
Barrett, formerly adjutant general. It is
said" that Covington tried to get him to
use his influence to get him a diploma,
but the general refused. . >.;.
Yesterday Dr. Cranz, accompanied by
Dr. G. S. Backman, president of the State
Hoard of Dental Examiners, went to Sac
rarrferito. Every effort was made by
them to keep their destination a secret,
but in this they were unsuccessful. It is
supposed the object of their visit to the
capital was to consult Dr. Metcalf, an
other member of the board, in relation to
the preparation of formal charges against
Teboets. As soon as written charges
are filed the Governor will order an inves
tigation and then there will be a. scurry
ing for cover. ; '.. •-■:■ •,'■"•■':':
Before his departure for Sacramento Dr.
Cranz was told that a certain one of his
witnesses dented any 'knowledge of the
scandal in the board. '- t '■
"He does know." declared the doctor
positively, "and if he does not want to
talk now I will make him talk when the ;
proper time arrives."
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— Dr. George R.
Harris was. very much surprised to read
in this morning's papers the presumption
that he had trafficked in dental licenses
With Dr. Tel.U-ts of the State Board of
Examiners. He declares that the mention
of his name is unwarranted.
"If Knowlton made that statement," re
ferring to' the payment of $65, "he told
a deliberate untruth. He is not a man
whose utterances I would believe any
how, as he is likely to say anything,
and n't- does not believe himself -what he
says. ' , •
"I have never had any financial trans
action with Dr. Tebbets for $65 or any
other sum. I have been practicing "for
over twelve years, and have been licensed
all that time, and certainly I. have not
had any need to do business with the
State Board recently.
"I am surprised that Dr. Ci-anz should
suddenly become so prominent. Twelve
years ago we practiced dentistry together,
and he was licensed about three months
ago. He is a funny fellow with a most
remarkable history. If he is In any
sense responsible for connecting my name
wit If- any shady transaction, I shall know
to-ipbrrow, and if I find that it is advis
able, something may drop. I shall see
Dri Knowlton in the morning and shall
run this matter down. The State Board
is' rotten,- to the core, but those fellows
shall not drag me into their mess with
impunity."
SAN JOSE, ' Sept. 2*.-The " Call's ex
posure of the alleged crookedness of Dr.
F. f\ Tebbetf of the State Board of
Dental Examiners in selling diplomas to
young- dentists, is the all-absorbing topic
of conversation among local dentists, but'
when it comes to discussing the subject
with - outsiders they are very close
mouthed. Dr. L. M. Finigan, who is said
by. Dr. Cranz to be in possession of in
formation tending to prove Tebbet's guilt,
absolutely refuses to affirm the truth of
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
yaars.
this assertion, but neither will be deny it.
-1 I «io not 'are to talk for publication."
said Dr. Finipan to-night, "but If there
is an investigation and 1 am asked to
testify I Will tel) all 1 know about tile
matter, and I will tell the truth. It is ab
surd to say that Teobets Bold diplomas,
as the certificates must t>. signed by a
Ity of tii.- board, but of course he
.ye been lnfluen< cd."
Further than this Dr. Finigan refused
to say anything, but he gave one the im
pr< ssion that he knew a great deal about
Tel. bets' methods.
ALASKA'S MANY
EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS
Continued from First Page.
earth and their tent was blown to shreds
by the strange winds that seemed to blow
from every point of the compass and as
clouds were pouring down torrents of
• they fled to their boats.
Forcing their boats for twelve miles
through fields of fresh forming Ice and
thirteeen miles of rough sea. they at
length reached Vakutat Hay in safety
Rumors are afloat that a portion of Cape
St Kllas and Khantaak Island have dis
appeared in the s.a. Without doubt
there will be found many physical
changes when scientific exploration of the
Mount St. Klias region is had.
GIGANTIC WATERSPOUTS
ARE ALSO REPORTED
VICTORIA, Sept. 24. — Passengers
who arrived by the Cottage City bring
mere news of the "anger of Ankmv,"
as the Alaskans rail the recent earth
quakes. The schooner Crystal, an
chored in the bay, turned turtle, and
Kanak Island has now gone complete
ly out of sight. The trees cannot be
At Ocean Grove there are great
furrows in the earth about four feet
wide. Some miners who have reached
Juneau from the west of Yakutat tell
of the finding of marks of a number
of gigantic waterspouts, which bored
great holes into the sand and carried
the sand and earth inland, scattering it
six inches deep over acres of ground.
From every indication the force of the
waterspouts and tidal waves must have
been irresistible, and had the tidal
waves swept the coast at high instead
of low tide many villages would un
doubtedly have been washed away.
FAMOUS EXPLORER DEAD.
William Bonney. Who Accompanied
Stanley, Passes Away.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— William Bonney,
who accompanied Henry M. Stanley, the
African explorer, in ISB7, in the expedition
for the relief of Emm Pasha, and who
subsequently received the gold medal of
the Royal Geographical Society at the
hands of the Prince of Wales, is dead.
Drowned While Swimming.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24.— Herman
Bergeroff, the janitor of Turner Hall in
this city, was drowned at Ballona Beach
to-day. He had gone to Ballona for a
day's'outing with his wife and child. He
was a good swimmer and attempted to
swim across the bay, but was unable to
reach the shore, having doubtless been
seized with a cramp. The body has been
recovered.
ITALIANS AT HARBOR VIEW.
Anniversary of Capture of Rome Ob
served With Fitting Ceremo
nial by Latin Residents.
Harbor View Park took on a gala ap
pearance yesterday when the Italian citi
zens of the city congregated there to
celebrate the 29th anniversary of the
capture of Rome. Early in the morning
j the Bersaglierl formed at their armory
I and, preceded by their band, marched to
1 the park, presenting a splendid martial
appearance as they passed from street to
Street on toward thoir destination..
At the park nearly every prominent
member of the Latin colony had congre
gated, and as soon ns the warriors ar
rived mirth was proclaimed king of the
hour and joyousness reigned supreme.
During the daylight hours music,
dances and athletic sports helped to pass
the hours along, and when the lights be
gan to pale their banquet board was
1 spread and wassal followed the more
exacting pleasures of the earlier hours.
Before the fun ceased another day had
almost commenced, and the guests de
parting vowed that many a day would
come and go before another one so
pleasant would make its appearance.
Those who were elected to fill the tem
porary offices of honor yesterday were
J. C. Sala. president of the day; Cavalier
Serra, Italian Consul, master of cere
monies, and G. Fugazi, orator of the
day.
TO JOIN HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. James Smith Sailed on a Trans
port for Manila Last Thursday.
Mrs. James Smith left for Manila last
Thursday to Join her husband. General
"Jim" Smith, formerly of the First Cali
fornia. Although the present condition
of affairs on the islands is scarcely fitted
for women. Mrs. Smith is a true soldier's
wife and desires to be with her husband.
* ... - - - . ':■■.■ i ■'■'■■ - ■ .-.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, BErTKMIUSK 25, 1899.
STARVATION
IN MACKENZIE
RIVER REGION
Commandant Steele Sends
Out a Relief Expe
dition.
MANY Volunteers
•——♦— — -
Captains Anderson and Robertson
Say There Is No Gold Between
Porcupine and the Rockies.
.- «.
. Special Dispatch to The. Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Sept. 24.—Accord
ing to news received from Dawson by
the steamer Cottage City,, which'ar
rived to-day, a relief expedition has
been dispatched by Commandant
Steele of the Northwest Mounted Po
lice to relieve the sufferings and pri
vation being experienced on the Mac
kenzie River.
For some time past reports, the hor
rors of which equalled the awful
stories which came from the Edmonton i
trail, had reached Dawson, and early:
in September an Austrian, C. Edward
son, staggered into Dawson, and his j
sufferings, together with the bunches
of appeals received by the police from :
the outside asking for news of relatives
lost in that district, touched the sym
pathies of Colonel Steele, and he called
for volunteers to take the hazardous
journey and relieve those in need and
make inquiries for the missing ones.
A : number offered to go, and, com
manded by Corporal Sklrving, they left
Dawson on September 2. They will go
by canoe to the mouth of the Porcu
pine River, 100 miles below Dawson. i
and up that stream to the portage, to
Bell and West Rat River, thence across
the mountains to the Peel, and from
' there portage to the Mackenzie, and up
that stream to Fort McPherson.
The Dawson Nugget says the men
j are provisioned for six weeks, after
• which they will- have to pick up their
provender, and it is likely they will be
out several months, if not until next
j summer, as the journey is a long and
I dangerous one.
1 Edwardson, the' last of the unfor
tunates to reach Dawson from the
McKenzie, lost his outfit by* the!
swamping of his boat, and for a week
was without food. He subsisted on
roots and bark of trees until found ly
ing helplessly' sick with fever and in
delirium by some miners. After nurs
ing him back to health they gave him
food, and he continued his journey out.
The fcod gave out, though, before he
reached Dawson, and whin at. length
he reached there he was suffering from i
the pangs of hunger.
Captains Anderson and Robertson
returned to Dawson on September 2 1
after a ten weeks' prospecting tour. in j
the Upper Klondike, Porcupine and j
Stewart River countries. Their route j
lay up the South Fork twenty miles; j
across to the North Fork, and up that i
! stream to its head; then over the di
vide to Porcupine. After prospecting, |
they turned south, passing around the
headwaters of the Klondike and touch
! ing at McQuesten River, in the Stew
1 art country; thence back to the south I
fork of the Klondike and home. They
prospected on many creeks, but only
colors were found. Owing to the fact
that rimrock . was exposed on the
creeks, prospecting was easy. They are
satisfied there is no . gold between
Hunker and the Porcupine and the |
Rockies. Some rich quartz specimens
were brought, from the Stewart River
section.' 1 ' * • ■ ;. J .V''
■ George Lions' brewing plant and
J beer 'have been seized at Dawson by
the police. . ; . . . . : ■";'
Leonard. the aeronaut, who is mak
ing ascensions at Dawson, had a nar
row escape' from, death on 'September
1. He fell into the Klondike River,
! about a hundred yards from shore.. He
! was rescued none the Worse for his ad
venture. -",- '-';• '~'-~- '
Miners are leaving Seventy Mile, it
not having turned out according to ex
pectations.^ ■ * '.;*.
•' V : '• ■ ■" ' *■-'-,
CUBAN NATIONALISTS
WILL BACK UP GOMEZ
HAVANA, Sep. 24.— Cubans who are well {
informed as to local politics in connec- I
tion with the coming election say that. I
though the Cuban League and thb Cuban j
National party are/ nominally united;
many members of the National. party are j
really determined/to push General Max
imo Gomez to the front as soon as an op
portune moment arrives. .
The Patria in an editorial urges the
amalgamation of these two organizations
and says:
"It is very important that the coming
flections should be guided and. inspired
by one united party, because upon the |
tone of the elections virtually depends j
the. decision with regard to Cuban inde- j
pendence.' * •; '*'■'. ' ■■■■'■ ■■■■">; i
It also asserts that Guarberto Gomez
will hold off until all thought of Maximo
Gomez as a common leader is absolutely
repudiated. He is without doubt a thorn
in the side of all factions, as he has a
powerful negro backing.
THE INJURED IN THE
TRAIN WRECK BETTER
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept. 24.— A1l the in
jured in the wreck of Saturday afternoon
on the Rio Grande Railroad near Canyon
City are doing well at the hospitals here.
Mrs. F. A. Wills of Los Angeles, both
of whose legs were broken, and C. R.
Cook of Millers, Tnd., whose shoulder was
broken— these two being the wost seri
ously injured— are getting along quite
well, though neither is out of danpr-r.
The passengers who were slightly hurt
will be able to continue their journey in
a few days. The bodies of all the dead
were brought here. Some have been
shipped on instructions from relatives,
while others are awaiting disposition.
Such investigation of the wreck as has
been made thus far places the blame on
the crew of the freight train. The Coro
ner's jury will nut make its findings
known until to-morrow.
DREYFUS SUFFERING
FROM A REACTION
LONDON, Sept. 25.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Standard says: The ex
citement of meeting his children has pro
duced a serious reaction in the condition
of Dreyfus, and it is feared that it may
be necessary to send him to Malta or
Madeira.
PARIS. Sept. 24.— The Figaro says Max
Regis, the notorious Jew baiter and
former Mayor of Algiers, who recently
barricaded himself and a number of com
panions in his villa there in emulation of
the example of Jules Guerin, after hiding
in the suburbs of Algiers, embarked yes
terday for Alicante, Spain.
The' Petit .Bleu aserts that Colonel
Jouaust, president of the Rennes court
martial, voted for the acquittal of Drey
fus. •
Samuel Carrington Dead.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 24.— Samuel E.
Carrington. a prominent business man of
this city, died to-day at Pacific Grove
after a lingering illness. He was a senior
partner of the Pacific Printing House.
RUINS OF AN
AZTEC CITY
DISCOVERED
* GUADALAJARA, Mex., Sept.
* 24.— The ruins of an AsteC city
. have been discovered near here.
~ It is within easy access of this
■ city, and a number of arehae
[ ologists have already left for
• the place to make explorations.
" The area covered by the ruins
\ Indicates that the ancient city
had a population of not less
than 100,000 people. There are
\ no records establishing the
• identity of the city, and its dis
covery has caused much sur
prise in archaeological circles.
A NATIONAL
CIVIC SOCIETY
■ — : «
The Plan of the Chicago
Federation.
«
Special Dispatch. to "flip Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— executive com
mittee of the Civic Federation of Chicago
has authorized its president. Franklin H.
Head, to appoint a committee of twenty
five to organize a National Civic Federa
tion. The committee is to be composed of
men representing different sections of the
country and. different phases of social and
economical questions of the day. The
object of such an organization is stated
to be to provide for a thorough discussion
and consideration of questions of national
importance, affecting either the foreign
or domestic policy of the United States;
to aid in .the crystallization of themost en
lightened' public sentiment in tne country
In * respect/ thereto, and to pro
mote necessary legislation in ac
cordance therewith. The leaders of
the civic federation : have contem
plated this move for some time, deem
ing it essential if a national work were
to become anything more than educa
tional. . • ; .-. *
In January; 1898, the Chicago Civic
Federation called a national conference
on primary elections ana municipal re
forms, which was held in New York, and
was attended by representatizes of forty
of the largest cities of the United States.
The Impetus given to primary election
reform resulted in both New York and
Illinois securing laws at the following
sessions of their respective legislatures.
But beyond- this and the- publication and
distribution of proceedings, the Chicago
Federation has found it impracticable to
go. In August. 189S, it called at Saratoga
a national conference on the foreign pol
icy of the United States, which, after two
days of animated debate by the leading
men of all parties, unanimously agreed
upon some broad general principles which
called for further effort to render it of
permanent value to the country. This
work could not be followed by the Chi
cago organization. *
The four days' trust conference recently
held in Chicago was not expected to agree
upon general principles, but it was be
lieved the free discussion by representa
tives Of so many schools of thought would
furnish material and a basis for more
thorough work hereafter. It is to make
it possible to follow up the practical lines
suggested by the conference that the na
tional civic federation is projected. .
DR. JORDAN SAYS THE
WAR IS UNJUSTIFIABLE
A Strong Nation Has No Bight to
Take the Lands of a Weaker
One.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 24.—
Dr. David Starr Jordan occupied the pul
pit of the University chapel this morning
and delivered a vigorous address, in which
he touched upon the subject of imperial
ism In his usual terse way. Taking as his
text, "It needs be that offenses must
come, but woe to him that doth offend," !
he said:
Inevitableness does" not justify anything. j
What some people have termed an "irresisti- '
ble tendency" in nations or affairs fades when
a man stands before It. The hero is the j
man who takes the inevltableness in hand and
makes the necessary sacrifice. There [a a will
ingness upon the part b{ many to excuse an
hereditary vice, saying: "My rather was a
drunkard: how can I keep sober?" You must
remember that it was not your father's whisky,
but his weakness that you Inherited. Nature
never accepts any excuses, the effect being the
fame as If done with Intention.
Given a fool with money and the world as
we know it. and. it Is a sure prediction that
the fool and his money will soon bo parted.
This, however, does not Justify the business
of the gambler or the swindler.
I know a great nation that said to a little
nation: "Give up your weapons, gold and lands
to me or they will get you Into trouble." Some
argue that there are feeble nations on the
earth that are going to be exploited, so why
should not we exploit them" i believe that
there should be ethics among nations as well
as among men. John Brown truly said from
the scaffold that God Is no respecter of per
sons. He does not care whether a nation be
strong and wealthy with a boasted religion
if it does not obey His laWw. •
Through all the ages the slave has had his
revenge on hi:- master In that the effect of his
servitude always worked demoralization upon
the oppressor. Men who Justify existing
things by such phrases as "manifest destiny"
or "irresistible tendency' are generally either
too lazy to look into affairs or too slothful
to care. Such men ore the first to cry. "My
country right or wrong." Nothing can en
dure by which one set of men exist at the
expense of another.
It is the "manifest destiny" of the British
Empire to possess the land and vineyards of
the Dutch farmers in the Transvaal. "Just
bo sure as the British flag Is carried over the
Rand, Just so sure will It prove the disinteg
ration of the empire," wrote » celebrated Eng
lish scholar to me. Another Englishman—
time a soldier— says: "Courage like CChambe r
lain's Is cheap enough. The tighter affairs
become, the tighter will he screw his monocle,
and If the people become tired of him he will
retire to his orchards, while I lie a victim of
dumdum bullets."
There Is no excUße for assisting the laws of
evolution by crushing the weak, nor putting
a banana . peel under the heel of the lame. -
The basis: of society is Justice and sympathy.
The lion and eagle typify things , In national
life ■ that must pass away. Because : the An
glo-Saxon race has produced good men have
I confidence In it, and not because it is great
and strong.
HAVOC OF THE STORM
ON THE MEXICAN COAST
Public Buildings and Ten Business
Houses at Manzanillo
Destroyed.
GUADALAJARA, Mex., Sept. 24.— Ad-
Vices just received here from the port of
Manzanillo and other small coast towns
in i hat section show that tlfe storm
which visited there a few days ago did
much greater damage than was indi
cator! in the early reports.
In addition to destroying ten business
houses, the handsome Custom House and
the national building at Manzanilln, the
extensive and costly harbor Improve
ment works at that port were also badly
damaged. A number of houses were de
stroyed at Chamela and Cacaluta. No
reports of loss of life have reached here. !
COLLECTORS HELD UP.
Oklahoma Highwayman Makes a
Good Haul.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Sept. 24.— C. D. Steen,
traveling salesman for an Arkansas City,
Kans.,' firm, and Frank E. Coe, represent
ing a Denver, C 010.,. house, were "held up"
near Clayton to-day by a highwayman
and robbed of, $1300/ =
'The travelers had been making collec
tions i and were returning ;to Guthrle. A
bunch of drafts were also handed over to
the robber, who returned - them ; saying:
"I won't have time to cash this stuff." .■ -
■ ■ -.• ♦ ■ ■•; ; •-. :■ ■ :,;
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c.
PROFESSOR
WHEELER IS
EN ROUTE
1 ■ ■ . ■ ■ . . ■ .
- ■ ♦
Has Started for This City to
• Assume Charge of the
State University.
PLANS GREAT WORK
♦
Says San Francisco Has Outstripped
the East and Is Now the "Front
Yard" of the Nation.
♦- — ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24. — Dr. Benja
min Ide Wheeler, the new president of
the University of' California, is at the
Hoffman House with Mrs. Wheeler and
their little son. He starts to-morrow
for San Francisco to begin the fall
work. The university will have as a
hew feature within the next year a
college of commerce, in which, Profes
sor Wheeler says, the students will be
educated so they may be prepared to
enter the Consular service of the
! United States. He told a reporter last
; night there was no doubt about the
\ rapid development of the Pacific Coast,
| and hereafter the United States would
| be one of the greatest exporting na
i tions, inquiring young men of special
; training to ' compete successfully in
China with the German and English
university men.
In speaking of the aims of the uni
versity, which, as is well known, Mrs.
I Hearst is greatly interested in. Dr.
j Wheeler said:
"Sometimes I am asked the question
if we are not overdoing university
work, with Stanford and. the State
University so close together. Certainly
I not. The 'State University has 2500
I students, and they are coming so fast
we don't know what to do with them.
During the last year it was necessary
to place some of them in tents. Four
temporary buildings are being used for
their accommodation.
"The freshman class this year num
bers 620 already, a gain of more than
ils per cent over last year. This does
| not include the professional schools
! and graduate departments. The ' mi
i crease in the attendance is so rapid it
is becoming a serious problem what we
; are to do with them, as no tuition is
j charged, 'f*he whole Pacific Coast is
j waiting for the State University to
take care of its boys. People here in
the East do not appear to appreciate
' how rapid • the development is out
there. Owing to recent natural devel
opments San Francisco has really be
i come the 'front yard' of the nation in
| stead of the 'back yard.' San Fran
cisco is about the center of our posses
sions. The work of the two universi
j ties does not conflict. Stanford is a
private institution and possesses cer
tain advantages by reason of its being
such., It can do as it likes. The two
institutions work together and are a
great assistance to each other. ' Each
has its own field, and while there is a
healthy rivalry there is no conflict of
interests. Every advance one makes
will be of advantage to the other. Ex
perience has proved that already."
RECEPTION AT BERKELEY.
Plans of Studems to Greet the
New President.
BERKELEY. Sept. 24.— Before the com
ing week is over the new head nf the fac
ulty of the University of California will
have arrived in the university town. Pres
ident-elect Benjamin Ide- Wheeler has sent
word to the recorder of the faculties at
Berkeley that he would leave the East on
the 23d of this month and arrive in San
Francisco on Saturday, the 30th. Accord
ing to this President Wheeler is now on
his way to the Pacific Coast, and will
reach here in time to take up his work
Monday morning. Octoher 2.
Upon his- arrival President Wheeler will
be made the puest of honor at numberless
public receptions. Three distinctively uni
versity affairs have been arranged for
him. They will be giVfen at different times
by the members of the faculty, the Asso
ciated Alumni and the student body.
Elaborate preparations are being made
i for each affair. As yet the dates for the
three have not been set. They will be
fixed to suit the new president's conve
, nience.
The students' welcome will be very Jn
i formal. When President Wheeler, accom
-1 panted by his wife, reaches Berkeley sta
tion next Saturday a crowd of the col
lege men will be on hand, but no demon
stration of any kind is being planned.
! Carriages will be in waiting, and Presi
: dent and Mrs. Wheeler are to be driven to
their home on Biishnelt place. They are
to occupy the house left vacant by ex-
President Kellogg. On the Monday fol
| lowing President Wheeler will deliver a
! brief address to the student body from
the flagstafl in front of the library build
ing upon the campus. As soon as possible
after thai a public reception will be ten
dered him. either in the Harmon gymna
sium or in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, San Francisco.
On that occasion it is expected that
President Wheeler will outline his policy
with regard to the university.
MARINE ENGINEERS
THREATEN TO STRIKE
Nearly Four Thousand Men on the
Great Lakes Will Quit Work
Unless Granted Advance.
BUFFALO, Sept. 24.— Between three and
four thousand marine engineers on the
Great Lakes will probably go on strike to
morrow unless' the Lake Carriers' Asso
ciation grants. a 12Vfc per cent advance in
Saturday the National Marine En
gineers' Beneficiary Association served
notice on the carriers that unless the ad
vance were granted by noon Monday the
men would go out. Such a strike, it is
paid, would tie up lake commerce as tight
as a December blizzard.
BUYS LARGE SUGAR
ESTATE IN MATANZAS
Congressman Hawley, ■ Representing
American Capitalists, Makes ;
an Extensive Purchase.
HAVANA, Sept. 24.— Congressman R. B.
Hawley, representing American capital
ists, has purchased the Tinguaro . sugar
estate, one of the largest in Cuba, in the
province of Matanza.s. The estate in
cludes 20.000 acres, which, with other large
properties along the south coast that Mr.
Hawley is arranging for, will, it .is ex
: pected, produce 100.000,000 pounds of sugar.
A large part of the land purchased is
virgin soil, upon which $1,500,000 will • be
I expended, including the cost of improve
ments.
;■<-.'.: ■■• ;■' . '.' ,;■ 4» ■
FEVER IN MEXICO.
Death Bate Much Higher Than in
Any Previous Epidemic.
AUSTIN. Sept. 24.— The State Health
Department here to-day received an of
ficial report from Vera Cruz, Mex., stat
ing that during the period from Septem
ber 1 to 9 there were twenty-one cases of
yellow fever in that city, of which ten
resulted fatally. The death rate from
the disease is much higher than in any
previous epidemic.
DIAZ AS REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE LATIN AMERICANS
Mexican Press Comments on His Coming
Visit to Chicago and Conference
With McKinley.
MEXICO CITY, Sept. 24.— The Mexican Herald says editorially:
"General Diaz will go to Chicago not merely in his hish capacity as
President of the Mexican republic, but as the representative of 40,000,
--ihni people of Latin America, who are now watching the developing Im
perial policy of the United States. He will meet face to face the Presi
dent of the gr#at republic, who is prudent and patriotic, whom he firmly
believes to be filled with cordial sentiments toward Mexico and its sis
-1,- republics of the southern half of the hemisphere. It will be a his
toric occasion nnd we have no doubt that out of the friendly meeting
will result great good to the peoples of the three Americas. There is
nothing in the character of President McKinley to justify the attacks
made upon him by pretended friends of Latin America."
SAMUEL STEWART
PASSES AWAY
One of the Pioneers of
* the Early Days.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Sept. 24.— gloom was cast
over this community to-day when word >
reached here that Samuel Stewart had
died at his home, near Denverton, early
this morning. Although his death was
not unexpected, it was not thought when
the last report was received last evening
that the. end was so near at hand. His
ailment was heart disease. The deceased
was a prosperous and successful farmer
and well known, not alone in Solano
County, but throughout the State. He
! was a prominent Mason, being a mem-
I ber of Suisun Lodge No. 55, F. and A. M.;
Solano Chapter No. 43, R. A. M ; Naval
Commandery No. 19, Knights Templar,
and the Masonic Veteran Association. He
will be buried in Fairfield Cemetery
Tuesday, the ceremonies to be conducted
by the Suisun lodge. • '
"Samuel Stewart was born in Newark,
Ohio. August 13, 1828. He arrived in Cali
fornia in 1849, first locating in Sacra
! mento. Seven years later he came to
i Solano County, and for forty-three years
I lived where he first located. He was a
1 leader among men: a man of sterling
qualities and highly honored by all who
knew him. His death will be a public
! loss. • *
The death of Mr. Stewart numbers the
1 third in the list of old residents in this
: immediate vicinity within the past four
days. Henry Carpenter of Fairneld. a
resident of forty-five years, died Thurs
day afternoon of cancer of the stomach,
after a lingering illness of many months,
and was buried Saturday. He was 66
years of age. John G. Lewis, a prom
inent .Grand Army man and member of
the Masnnic fraternity, died Saturday and
will be buried under the auspices of the
order to-morrow (Monday). He was in
his sixtieth year and had been a resident
of Suisun twelve years. He leaves a
widow and one son and a daughter, the
! latter Mrs. Frederic Belasco of San Farn-
I cisco. ____ ___________
BOHEMIANS MEET TO
DENOUNCE SLANDERERS
Gathering in Cliicag-o to Refute Alle
gations That Suicide Clubs
Had Been Formed.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— mass-meeting
of Bohemian residents of Chicago was
held to-day to denounce those responsible
for issuing a circular recently in which
it was slated that Bohemians are in the
custom of forming secret clubs among
themselves for the purpose of inducing
suicides. The circulars, it is said, have
been sent broadcast over the country.
To-day's meeting was attended by
nearly 1000 Bohemians, and each speaker
in denouncing the authors of the circulars
was enthusiastically cheered. All the
speches were in Bohemian. Frank B.
Zudrubek and James E. Cross were the
I principal speakers They addressed the
! meeting on behalf of the Bohemian
| secret societies, and claimed that the
! Bohemians have been greatly slandered
i and injured through the issuance of- the
circulars. The speakers denounced as a
falsehood the story that Bohemians or
! ganized themselves into suicide clubs and
held that the percentage of suicides
among Bohemians was no larger than
; among other nationalities.
_ <»
LAKE ERIE SWEPT BY
A TERRIFIC STORM
Four Yachts Capsized and Houses
Badly Damaged in North
ern Ohio.
TOLEDO, Sept. 24.— Lake Erie this
afternoon witnessed the worst storm of
the season, the wind blowing at the rate
of seventy miles an hour. Four yachts
were capsized near Maumee Bay and the
crews were rescued with difficulty.
Considerable damage to houses is re
ported in northwestern Ohio.
CHICAGO. Sept. 24.— During a severe
wind and rainstorm this evening the
steam barge Cleveland, laden with 100.000
feet of lumber, sunk in the harbor near
the mouth of the Chicago River.
Captain Henry Davis and a crew of
eleven men were rescued by tugs with
considerable difficulty. The Cleveland
left Frankfort, Mich.. Saturday. She
sprung a leak off Waukegan and. owing
to her water-logged condition, was driven
on a reef while attempting to reach the
inner harbor here. The vessel was built
thirty years ago.
WEDDING AT WALNUT CREEK.
Miss Sarah Bancroft Becomes the
Wife of Donald Fry.
WALNUT CREEK, Sept. 24.— One of the
most fashionable weddings of the season j
took place at noon to-day at Aloha j
Farm, near Walnut Creek, the home of j
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Bancroft. The con- j
tracting parties were Donald Hugh Fry |
of Arcata and Miss Sarah Cone Ban- !
croft, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. L.
Bancroft.
The wedding ceremony was performed
according to the Episcopal ritual. The |
Rev. Hamilton Lee was the officiating •
priest. Mrs. Albert Bancroft was maid of j
honor, and the bridesmaids were Miss
Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Laura Van
Wick, Miss Winifred Fry and Miss
Marguerite Sickle. The best man was j
Herbert E. Punnett and the ushers were i
Mrs. Robert Field, C. K. Field. Ralph
Wardell and Jack Bancroft. The cere- I
mony was followed by a lawn p;irty. All
members of the wedding party including
ushers and maids wore white costumes, !
the color making a beautiful contrast to i
the green foliage. Mrs. Uriel Lagree, I
wife of Commander Lagree, U. S. N., j
played the wedding march.
WEEK OF NEW EVENTS.
Mechanics' Fair Management Has
Arranged Many Special
Attractions.
The fourth week of the Mechanics' Fair
will begin to-day, and a programme of at
tractions of exceptional excellence has
been arranged for the succeeding six I
days. Special features for this evening
will be a Wagner concert by Bennett's
band, supplemented by a number of spe
cial artists and a male chorus; and the j
opening games of a balk-line billiard i
tournament, which will continue for two I
weeks. Only amateurs will participate, i
One game will be played every evening I
until the end of the tournament.
A stage has been erected in the main hall,
where star actors from the Filipino circus,
Cakewalk contests, fancy dancers, singing
and other attractions will be seen every
afternoon and evening.
The latest addition to the art gallery
is the beautiful plans and drawings for
the I'niversity of California, which have
been kindly loaned for exhibition by Mrs.
Phebe Hearst.
Tii-morrow evening the League .of the
Cross Cadets, under command of Colonel
Sullivan, will be the guests of the man
agement. Invitations have also been ex
tended to the Catholic clergy and the offi
cials of the church to attend on that oc
casion. Wednesday night has been set
apart for the Olympic Club, and an ath
letic exhibition will be given. Thursday
will be Chinese Theater night.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
DR.
MEYERS
iV 111
Give Permanent Strength, Not
a Temporary Stimulant — All
Their Cures Are Lasting.
They Never Use Poisonous,
Mineral or Other Dangerous
■ Drugs.
You may Imagine that you are tired of
life, but in all probability you're only tired
of incompetent doctors, cure-all - patent
medicines, "free trial treatments",, and
similar swindles. Or you may be like
thousands of others, disgusted with 'that
played-out fart known as electric belts,
electric appliances, etc.
If you have a weakness or. a disease
which has not been cured by any of the
above methods, or which you have not
yet tried to get rid of, why not go to the
well-known, skilled and reliable special-
ists. DR. MEYERS & CO. These are the
physicians who have made so many won-
derful cures during the past eighteen'
years in all parts of the United States.
DR. MEYERS & CO. use remedies, appli- (
ances and methods which cure disease
and restore weakness when all else fail.
DR. MEYERS & CO. never resort to pois-
onous drugs or dangerous stimulants. They
remove the trouble and rebuild the shat-
tered constitution, restoring the patient to
permanent, robust health.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure more men in
one month than all the other combined
so-called doctors, specialists, patent medi-
cines, electric belts, etc., cure in a year.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and
best equipped medical institution and the
most extensive practice in America. Prices
reasonable.
THEY CURE |
Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, '
Tumors, Varicocele. Private Diseases,
Cancer, Sleeplessnsss, Rheumatism, Kid-
ney and Bladder Diseases, Spine Dis-
eases, Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases,
Blood Diseases. Skin Diseases, Stomach
Diseases, Eye and Ear Diseases, Lung
Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
? PAY WHEN WELL.
As . a guarantee DR. MEYERS ft CO.
will let the patient deposit the price of a
cure in any bank in San Francisco, to be
paid to DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is
entirely . well. If it is not convenient to
do this, payments may be made in weekly
or monthly installments.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK.
.'Although it is preferable to see the pa-
tients in many instances, it is not always
necessary. If you cannot call, write for
private book, diagnosis sheets, _ free advice,
prices ' and other particulars. .' Correspond-
ence solicited. All letters confidential.'- No
printing on envelopes or. packages to indi-
cate name of sender. Cures sent by either
mall or express. -• • •;•
FREE CONSULTATION. -
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco. '
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. -
Hours— B to 5 Dally, 7 to 8 Eve-
nings. Daily ; Sundays 9to 11. .- ' •-
) VIS3T OR JORDAN'S GREAT
• MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
> Q| -105imiETST.let.6tiS7t3i,5.P.Cd.- (
■ fey ' ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
I * jjL ' , Woiid. Weaknesses ; or any contracted i
jjjgg B disease pr»iti»«-ly eared hy the eldest '
) lg{ 1 Specialist co the Coast Est. 36 years. (
j fl«3gf} OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
V Id i<§3jfl&M Consultation free and strictly private. \
i I it^S a Trutment personally or by letter. A §
f a f'/*\w "»•"*• Cure in every undertaken. T
API - : « w r ,te for Book. PHILOSOPHY
P» I . "i MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A f
X ■ ft ■'■! ,■ valuable book for mm) •• \
f OR JUBDAX **■©.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
Serfe t digestion, complete absorption and
ealthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders o/ th? Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
wgularltles. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Plies and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 26c a box. At Druggists,
or by mail. RADWAY & CO.. New York.BRAVE TARS
LAND UNDER
HEAVY FIRE
Men From Charleston, Con
cord and Zafiro Destroy
a Filipino Gun.
ENEMY DRIVEN BACK
•
General Bombardment During the
Gallant Work of Amerioan Sea
men in Subig Bay.
Special I>!sp*tch to The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 24. 11:25 a. m.—
The United States cruiser
Ch.-trieston, the monitor Mon
terey and the gunboats Con
cord and Zaflro, with marines
and bluejackets from the cruiser Balti
more, left Cavite September 19 and, as
already cabled, proceeded to Subig Ray
to destroy an insurgent cannon there.
< 'wing to the bad weather the operation
was postponed until yesterday, when
the warships for three hours bombard
ed the town of Olangapo and the in
tr^nchmetits where the gun was situ
ated.
Men froi'n the Charleston, Concord
and Zaflro were then landed under a
heavy insurgent fire, proceeding to the
cannon, which was utterly destroyed
by gun cotton, and then returned to
the warships. The Americans had one
man wounded during the engagement.
While waiting in Suhisj Bay for better
weather the Americans descried Fili
pino reinforcements moving toward
olangapo. At 6:40 a. m. yesterday the
Monterey began to advance upon the
town, which was about three miles
east of the monitor's anchorage. The
Charleston, Concord and Zafiro fol
lowed.
At 7:25 the Monterey opened fire with
her secondary and main batteries, the
Charleston and Concord joining imme
diately. At 7:30 the Insurgents' cannon
answered, the first shot passing close
to the Monterey's smokestack. The
gun was fired twice only.
The American bombarding then be
came general. At 9:30 the Monterey
advanced to a range of 600 yards, us
ing her main battery. At 11 o'clock
250 men were landed about 800 yards
east of the cannon under a severe Mau
ser fire. The men from the Charleston
were the first to reach the beach, but
the Concord's men were the first at the
gun, which they reached at 11:10. The
cannon was found to be a sixteen-cen
timeter Krupp gun, presumably ob
tained from thf> Spaniards.
Meanwhile the warships continued to
shell the shelving beach on the east
and west side to silence the insurgent
fire upon the sailors from the trenches
skirting the beach.
Gunner Olson exploded fifty rounds
of gun cotton In three discharges in the
cannon, which ha<] .suffered from the
fire from the warships.
The Americans then returned to the
boats, the firing inland being kept up
to pr< tect the embarkation. The Con
cord's men were the last to reach the
chore, and the warships were reached
at 11:50.
Cadet Erinz^r. with the Concords
launch, armed with a Catling gun. did
> xcellent work on the left of the land
ing party. Captain Meyers of the ma
SACRAMENTO'S CHIEF OF
POLICE PASSES AWAY
SACRAMENTO, Pept. 24.— Chief of Police Thomas Dwyer died at his
Irnme in this city at 7:30 o'clock to-night. While he had been ailing for
peveral months, he was not confined to his bed until two weeks ago. Death
resulted fmm pulmonary and kidney trouble.
Chi^f Dwyer was about 34 years of age, and leaves a widow and two
children, one an infant. He was an excellent officer and had hosts of warm
friends. He was a member of the Klk* and of the Bohemian Club.
Thomas Dwyer enjoyed the distinction of being the youngest man ever
appointed or elected Chief of Police of Sacramento. He was born in Syd
ney, Australia, and came to California at an early age, and resided in Sacra
mento City continuoußly. He was for fifteen years in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company in Sacramento.
THE LATE THOMAS DWYER.
WYOMING'S
GOVERNOR
GRATEFUL
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Sept.
24.— Governor Richards said to
day: "I wish through the press
of San Francisco to convey to
the people of that city my
thanks for the manner in which
the Wyoming volunteers and
Wyoming visitors to the city
have been treated. Every at
tention and courtesy possible to
think of has been extended to
our troops and their friends
who have visited them from
this State by the municipal of
ficers, the various soldiers' aid
societies, by General Shatter
and by the people of San Fran
cisco generally. We are greatly
indebted to San Francisco, and
hope to have a chance to repay
her in a fitting manner."
Elaborate preparations have
been made to give the Wyoming
Volunteers an ovation from the
lime they enter Wyoming until
they reach their homes.
rlnes captured a rtuzule-loadlng field
piece.
Lieutenant McDonald was In com
mand of the landing party, and the
movement was splendidly executed and
controlled. The numbers of the Fili
pinos there could not be ascertained,
and no dead were seen.
The Monterey fired for four hours—
twenty-one shots from her ten-inch
guns and seventeen from her twelve
inch guns.
The town, which was riddled with
shells K>ok fire at several points.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 24. — Acting
Secretary Allen of the Navy Depart
ment received a cablegram from Rear
Admiral Watson to-day giving a brief
account of the engagement at Sublg
Hay. It is dated the 24th, at Manila,
and says:
Mandora discovered heavy gun mounted
opposite Kalaklan Point. Subig Bay; ex
changed shots with Charleston. Sent
Charleston, Monterey, Concord and Zaflro
with detachment of marines and sailors
from Baltimore to capture and destroy.
Attacked insurgent position 23d; after bom
bardment landing party carried lntreiich
ments, dispossessed enemy and destroyed
one sixteen centimeter Krupp gun. Cas
ualties: William Shepherd, apprentice sec
ond class, Charleston. Bertously wounded;
Charles Haffke, coal passer. Concord,
heat prostration. Insurgent fire heavy
but poorly aimed; enemy loss unknown.
A report mailed.
The Important feature of the engage
ment is the fact which is disclosed that
the insurgents have been able to obtain
a Krupp gun. It was known at the
time of the outbreak of the insurgents
against the Americans that the artil
lery of the insurgents Consisted of a
few obsolete guns captured from the
Spaniards.
Acting Secretary Allen says it is evi
dent that the navy at Manila does not
intend to allow any fort to be erected
by the insurgents which can be reached
by the ships, and he is convinced that
the squadron under Rear Admiral Wat-
Bon will be able to keep the shores
guarded and repeat the lesson of yes
terday if the insurgents are found to
be operating on the coast.
The War Department to-day received
from General Otis the following list of
deaths since his last report:
Dysentery, acute, August 24, at Jolo,
Henry Baamler, E. Twenty-third Infan
try: September 7. Isaac E. Rambo, E,
Fourth Infantry; 21st. John I^eclaire, I,
Thirteenth Infantry; 22d, Martin Johnson,
D, Third Infantry; 83d, Benjamin Tollof-
Bon, B", Third Infantry: oolites, chronic at
Join. Frank K. Armstrong. 11. Twenty
third Infantry; drowned accidentally at
BaCalor, N«jki"os. 12th. Sergeant Frederick
Simmes. band Sixth Infantry: pneumonia,
16th, John Nolan, H. Nineteenth Infan
try: dinrrhoea. chronic. 17th. Louis F..
Corbett, L>. Ninth Infantry; typhoid fever,
William 11. Cobrey. •',. Fourth Infantry;
appendicitis, ISth. Thomas Holladay, A,
Twenty-fourth Infantry; paralysis as
cending. 20th. Shabell A. Snow, G, Twen
ty-tir«t Infantry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1899.
READY FOR
THE DEWEY
RECEPTION
Committee of General Ar
rangements Finishes
Its Work.
SHORTAGE OF MONEY
— ■ — • — ■ — .
Thousands of Tickets Are Distrib- 1
uted,but Not Half of Those De
siring Them Could Be
Supplied.
♦ i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— A1l the gen-
I eral arrangements for the reception of
I Admiral Dewey are now completed,
i and only a few minor details are left
Ito be settled. The majority of these
| cannot be attended to until the ad
j miral has arrived and his wishes have
I been consulted.
All the sub-committees have about
finished their work and have presented
their reports to the general committee.
The committee on distribution of tick
ets was at work in the Mayor's office all
day and until late, into the night. They
! apportioned nearly 20,000 tickets, all
i there were at their disposal. There
were applications for more than 100,000.
Their work did not include the distribu
tion of tickets to the Municipal j As
sembly and the school children's
stands. These tickets will be at the
j disposal of the municipal legislators
and the president of the board of edu
cation.
The committee on stands will hold
i its final meeting to-morrow and decide
! exactly what will be the capacity of
the new stands. If the committee
' stands for all the expenditures it has
i authorized it will have spent more than
i $45,000 in excess of the first appropria
j tion made to it of $30,000, and $4000
; more than it has in sight even if the
j Municipal Assembly votes to give it
the additional $25,000 that is to be asked j
for at Tuesday's meeting of the Alder
men and Council.
For the seventy-odd thousand ex
pended the committee has furnished
about 20,000 seats to the ticket commit-
I tee— 4ooo of the City Hall stands, 6000
i for the school children, 10,000 for the
I municipal Assembly — 25,000 for the
j veterans of the Grand Army of the Re-
I public— a total of about 45,000 seats, for
I about $74,000.
Work on the big Dewey triumphal
arch is rapidly being pushed, and the
arch will be in proper condition » in
plenty of time. To-day while some
, workmen were raising the figure of a
i sailor to the top of a pedestal a Broad
way car ran against one of the guy
ropes of the derrick, and derrick, statue
and workmen fell over on top of the
car. There was a slight panic among
the thousands of people watching the
structure from the sidewalks, but the
police finally restored order. No one
j was hurt, and the figure of the sailor
was but slightly damaged.
Governor Deforest Richards of Wy
-1 oming has telegraphed asking leave to
withdraw his previous refusal to par
ticipate in the celebration. The reply
was sent that New York would be
■ pleased to welcome him. -
Concerning the committee of seven
, that is to attend Admiral Dewey during
his stay in this city Mr. Foster said he'
'■ had received a reply in writing from
: Chauncey M. Depew and In person from
Richard Croker and William McAdoo.
Mr. Croker said the committee could
make any use of him they desired, and
that he was ready to do anything in
his power to help along the success of
the celebration. With the exception
of Levi P. Morton and W. C. Whitney,
all the members of the committee have
accepted. Neither of the last two has
been heard from.
HIGHLANDERS WILL NOT
BE IN THE PROCESSION
TORONTO, Ont., Sept. 24.— A special
from Ottawa to the Mail and Kmpire
says:
The Forty-eighth Highlanders of
Toronto will not be granted permission to
visit New York to take part in the recep
tion to Admiral Dewey. The Militia De
partment has not received the communi
cation from the district commanding of
ficer at Toronto embodying the request of
Lieutenant Colonel Crosby and his of
ficers for permission to make the trip,
but when it comes, an answer in the
negative will be returned.
The view held here is that Admiral
Dewey is to be the central figure in the
New York celebration, yet, after all, the
demonstration really will be a glorifica
tion of the United States victories in the
Spanish war. Under the circumstances,
therefore, it is considered very impolitic
for a British regiment to participate. The
pipe band of the Royal Scots of Montreal
has also been refused permission to take
part in the proposed demonstration.
NATIVES SCUTTLE
GUNBOAT URDANETA
MANILA. Sept. 25.— The gunboat Urda
neta. belonging to the mosquito fleet
which has been patrolling the shore on
the north of Manila Bay, has not been
heard from for ten days. Her coal supply
must by this time necessarily be exhaust
ed, and search for her was made. Natives
who were interrogated by lieutenant
Franklin, in command of the gunboat La
guna rie Bai, told that officer the Urda
neta bombarded the town of Orani yes
terday. The crew landed to take posses
sion, whereupon they were seized by a
large body of natives, who had set a trap
for them. The prisoners were removed to
Porac and the gunboat looted and scut
tled. The gunboats Petrel, Callao and
Basco are now searching for the sunken
vessel.
twenty-fifth infantry
Moving to the coast
ATLANTA, Or.. Sept. 24.— Six compa
nies of the Twenty-fifth Infantry, which
was recruited at Fort McPherson, left to
day for San Francisco via El Paso. Colo
nel Hardln, with headquarters and six
companies! left for the coast four days
ago.
TWENTY-EIGHTH TO BE
HURRIED TO THE FRONT
riTTSBI-RG, Sept. 24.-The Twenty
eighth Volunteer infantry, now at Camp
Meade, Pa., will break camp tomorrow
and the trunk lines have been ordered to
rush the regiment across the continent
to San Francisco, where the troops will
board transports for Manila,
Accident at Keswick.
REDDING Sept. 24.— Joseph Burton,
foreman of a bridge crew for the Moun
tain Copper Company at tne Keswick
smelters, was repairing a roof this after
noon when the galvanized roof, rusted
by fumes, gave way and he fell on his
head. His skull was fractured in several
places. Two physicians performed an
operation, hut Burton is probably fatally
injured. Burton is 45 years of age and
unmarried.
MISS GRANT WEDDED TO PRINCE
CANTACUZENE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH RUSSIAN CHURCH RITES
However, the American Statutes Are Yet to Be Conformed
To Before the Distinguished Couple Will Go Forth
as Husband and Wife
NEWPORT, R. 1., Sept. 24.— 1n ac- J
cordance with the rites of the Russian j
Orthodox Church Miss Julia Dent
Grant, daughter of Brigadier General j
and Mrs. Frederick Grant and grand
daughter of General Ulysses S. :
Grant, and Prince Cantacuzene (Count i
Spranznki) of Russia were married to- j
night. The simple and impressive cer- j
emonies were conducted by Father Hoi- :
ovitski of the Russian Church, New
York, in the parlor at Beaulieu, the j
summer residence of Mr. and Mrs. Pot- I
ter Palmer.
The American statutes are yet to be j
conformed to before the distinguished I
couple will go forth into the world as J
husband and wife, and it is that cere
mony in All Saints' Episcopal Church
to-morrow noon to which the summer
colony here, as well as numerous j
friends, diplomatic, military and civil, :
are looking forward with eager expect
ancy.
A special altar had been raised in the
parlor by Father Holovltski and his
assistant. After the room had been |
formally consecrated, at 8:30 o'clock j
the bride appeared at the head of the I
grand staircase, leaning on the arm of j
her brother, I'lysses S. Grant. At the
altar, before which stood the Russian
priest, waited Prince Cantacuzene, clad
in the full uniform of the Chevalier
Guard. The bride's dress was severely
cut and was a simple gown of the rich
est white satin, with sweeping train
and veil of tulle. She carried a bou
quet of stephanotis and lilies of the j
valley and wore the gifts of the groom, i
a corsage ornament of diamonds and j
enamel, and a rope of pearls.
The ushers who preceded Miss Grant !
and her brother to the altar were: Pot- |
ter Palmer Jr., cousin of the bride; !
Lockwood Honore, uncle of the bride; 1
Captain Sartoris, cousin of the bride; |
Robert L. Gerry of New York, 11. j
Rodger Wlnthrop of Newport and John
I'ieiitiss of New York.
In accordance with the Russian cus
tom Miss Grant had two garcon de
noce, her brother, I'lysses S. Grant,
third, and her uncle, Adrian Honore,
those of Prince Cantacuzene being
Honore Palmer and Potter Palmer Jr.,
while in the parents" honor were Grand
Duke Vladimir and Mrs. Potter Palmer.
Mr. Grant conducted his sister to the
altar, Hesides the immediate family
there were present: Mrs. Ulysses 8.
Grant, grandmother of the bride; 11.
H. Honore, Edwin C. Honore, Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Honore Jr., Mrs. Sartoris,
wife of Captain Sartoris; Major Gen
HOBART MAY GO
OUT OF POLITICS
♦ ;
Secretary Root Sug
gested as JVlcKinley's
Running Mate.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call. ..
CAT.I. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON-HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Sept 24.—
Vice President Hobarfs poor health, it Is
now generally believed, will make it im
possible for him to accept the renomlna
tion next year. < •:■■
The President and Republican leaders
generally favor his nomination for the
second place on the ticket if he believes
he is well enough to accept a second time.
Recent reports, however, give little
ground for^ the hope that he will be able
to do so. In that event it is believed the
nomination will go to New York. In view,
of Governor Roosevelt's determination
not to accept it, Secretary of War Root
will probably be named.
The success in the Philippines, which is
expected this winter, will bring Secretary !
Root's administration of the War Depart- j
ment into notice and will make him a '
strong candidate. If the campaign should !
be such, however, as not to reflect credit
on the War Department, some one else
will ht»Ve to be obtained.
President McKinley may go into the
campaign for re-election not only with a
new candidate on the ticket with him
but with a new manager of the campaign.
It is well known that Senator Hanna is
not in good health. It is said by one of
his close political friends In Ohio that he
docs not intend to undertake the manage
men:, of another Presidential campaign.
He will not resign from the chairman
ship of the committee. He will continue
i.n that office until the convention next
year. The committee will then be re
organised, as it is every four years, and
Senator Hanna will ask that some one
else be put in charge of the campaign a3
chairman. It is too early now to predict
who will be selected, as the choice will be
made by the new committee, which will
be elected by the convention.
. - ■
BANK ROBBER AND
MURDERER IS PARDONED
Daniel F. Dougherty, Who Killed Hia
Accomplice in a Quarrel Over
the Spoils, Free.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— A cable,n-am re
ceived in tliis city from Manchester, Eng
land, announces the release from prison
there on Friday of Daniel F. Dougherty,
alias Big Doc, the notorious American
bank robber and murderer. The ex-con
vict is now probably on his way to the
Tutted States.
In a quarrel, most likely over the di
vision of plunder, in England, on Decem
ber 1, 1887, Dougherty killed an American
confederate named Graham. He was con
victed of murder and sentenced to life
Imprisonment at Manchester. His pardon
was secured on account of the prisoner's
ill health. Dougherty was arrested In 1868
for bank robbery and was sentenced to
fifteen years' Imprisonment at Charles
town. Mass. Tie served his full term and
was released in 1883.
BIG LEAK IN THE
COLORADO RIVER DAM
City of Austin Left Without Elec
tric Lights or Streetcar
Service.
AT'STTX. Sept. 24.— The great flam
across the Colorado River here, which
was constructed by the city a few years
ago at a cost of an even million dol
lars, has sprung a big leak, and the
waters in the hike formed by the dam are
gradually receding.
This leak, together with the prolonged
drought, has caused the municipal elec
tric light and power plant to shut down,
and the city is without lights and electric
Btreetcar service, and will probably con
tinue in that condition for an Indefinite
period. An effort is being made to repair
the leak.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur- |
chased from all agents and \.
newsdealers at 5c per copy. |;
eral Wesley Merritt and Major Mott of
his staff. Adjutant General Corbln,
Colonel and Mrs. Hem and Bishop Pot
ter.
The picturesque ritual, interspersed
with frequent music by a local quar
tet, was lengthy. The services closed
with the singing: of the Russian na
tional hymn, after which the couple
received congratulations while the or
chestra discoursed music. The cere
mony consumed one hour, and it was
nearly midnight when the guests de
parted.
The betrothal began with the Great
Ectenia, followed by prayers and spe
cial petitions for the salvation of the
betrothed couple, for the blessing of
their offspring and peaceful mutual af
fection. The priest then took the rings
he had received from the bride and
groom. With the gold one, represent
ing the domination of the groom,
three crosses above the groom's head
were made, and then it was Slipped
upon the fourth finger of the groom's
hand. Similar details were gone
through with the sliver ring and the
bride. After this Honire Palmer,
proxy for Grand Duke Cyril of Russia,
acting as best man, or sponsor, for
th.- Prince, stepped forward and trans
posed the rings three times, finally
leaving the gold ring on the bride's
finger and the silver one on the
groom's, these rings being given in
token of the lifelong union into which
they were r-iHcring.
The exchange by the sponsor in
dicated the consent of the family. The
rite closed by the prayer that the
Lord may establish these espousals in
the faith, in harmony, truth and love,
and may bless from heaven the putting
on of rings.
Next came the rite of a marriage.
The couple approached toward the
lecturn, still holding the lighted can
dles. As they proceeded th« quartet
sang Psalm XVI. Halting upon a rug,
the priest inquired of them if they had
spontaheons wishes and firm intention
to contract the conjugal union with
each other, and whether they had
promised to contract the union with
any one else. These questions properly
answered, the priest asked a blessing
upon the couple. The priest then
crowned the Prince and then the
Princess.
A cup of wine was brought and
blessed. The couple drank from it
alternately three times each. The
priest then took them by the hands
and led them three times around the
lecturn, the best man and attendants
following, holding the crowns above
the heads of the newly wedded pair.
FIRE AT BLOCKBURG.
Methodist Church and Helmke's
Barn and Warehouse Destroyed.
BLOCKBURG, Sept. 24.— The fine new
Methodist Church, F. Helmke's barn and
warehouse, with a large quantity of hay?
grain, flour, etc.. were burned at 12:30
a. m. None, of the buildings were in
sured. The cause of the tire is unknown
The loss will acreretrate SCOOO.
Coal Mines Resume.
HI'NTINCTOX. \\ . Va.. Sept 2-t.— The
large Dingess coal mines, which have
been Idle for two years, will be resumed
to-morrow. The general strike in the New
River Held has brought this about.
ik^Vra ° /<^ "Fulfilling all promises I
i^^E fo ls a P rinc 'P^ e ever V st ore g
BlrfeO' I iSr^B should follow that is in 8
1 j IIMr" A i ;!jj| business to succeed." i
i ilL^iin^J! II Did you ever notice how
g I Tail ■* particular we were on
B||| {■ ■I Ik J||| this pomt — performing
D ill B I « 111 every promise?
1 ill ■ fir II! We promise considera-
B I 111 111 l J I ble to every' customer.
U I I 1 jjJ mI i He buys a " Year "
B i 1 Iff HI 1 I suit or overcoat ; we i
■B iII IE I promise to see- to it that i
B' ll!i In HI Ihe is completely satisfied; H
BjyiiiJHyjß^JJliiUil we promise to exchange I
I freely any purchase ;we 1
fi promise to replace tree anything not satis- it
B factory (such as new linings if they don't W
£ last) ;we promise a year's repairing free, g
& and we promise to return his money if he M
1 thinks he is entitled to it. i
I We fulfill every promise and fulfill it |
Tuny.
B In fact we promise you a surprise in our
B stock of "Yeargood" clothing ; the very lat-
B est patterns will be found ; the prices, which i
I are from $12 i^o toj2^, are right— every one ;
of them. ■ 9.
I Boys' Sailor Suits. I
M Al] new— arrived. Material is all-wool heavy serge H'
H of dark blue, neatly rimmed with 'soutache braid on collar, gj'
ra design on shield; trimmings in red, blue or black ; price, . : p
$4 a suit. §
I (^) S.N.WOOD gCO YJjfe I
Ldfes.H.wooDimljgfe I
N^nsJ/ 7IBMARKETST £
H , Out-of-town orders filled— write us. .v |J
INDIAN
MURDERER IS
SURROUNDED
Officers Hot on the Trail of
Joe Pete, Who Killed
Willie Danberg.
HIDING INMOUNTAINS
♦ —
Washoe Criminal Is Shut Off Prom
Sources of Food and Must Starve
or Submit to Arrest.
•
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
ANGELS CAMP, Sept. 24.— Joe Pete,
the Washoe Indian who shot and killed
Willie Danberg at Gardnerville, Nev.,
on the Bth inst., will probably be cap
tured within a few days. After com
mitting the atrocious deed he made his
escape to the vicinity of Gardners,
where he had relatives. Since that time
he has been seen, and has probably
been kept supplied with provisions by
his own people. Had it not been that a
party from Nevada came over to Gard
ners and heralded their mission in the
camp of the Indian's relatives he would
have probably now been in the hands
of the law.
Last Thursday a Mrs. Sapp was driv
ing cattle, when an Indian was seen to
cross the road and disappear in the
brush, but not until she had recognized
him as Pete. He was also seen at a
cattle camp later. He is now definitely
located, and lives within a radius of
seven miles. When the officers first
made their appearance among the
Washoes at Gardners two sisters of
Joe Pete commenced to cry and lament
the fact that the outlaw would be
taken
The officers from this place have now
! determined upon a plan by which the
murderer can be taken at the proper
time. The members of the tribe who
have spent the summer around Gard
ners are now being taken to the upper
| mountains, where they came from, and
' where Pete cannot go without being
taken. This will leave him to shift
for himself, and as soon as the cold
weather comes will drive him to some
camp for provisions. He is completely
■ surrounded, and cannot get out of the
j country. ____________
STORES ON PRINCE OF
WALES ISLAND BURNED
Entire Plant of Northern Pacific
Trading and Packing Com
pany Destroyed.
WRANGEL, Alaska. Sept. 20 (via Seat
tle, Wash., Sept. 24. >.— The entire property
of the Northern Pacific Trading and
Packing Company at Klawack. on Prince
of Wales Island, about 12,") miles from
Wrangel, was destroyed by tir^ last Mon
day.
The property included a salmon and
clam cannery, about half the season's
park of salmon, amounting to 10.00U cases.
merchandise stores and sawmill. A con
servative estimate of the loss Is $liio.uOo.
Thete was no insurance.
Langdale in Port.
VICTORIA. B. C. S*-iit. 2-1. -The British
ship Langdale, which left London on the
2d of April and was considerably overdue,
I arrtvf-d last night.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -^ T
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
HEBENBfIM
4. 222-224 SUTTER STREET, -f
t SPECIAL REDUCTIONS t
X Monday—Tuesday "'Wednesday +
X Butter 45c per square J
i. ■ Finest, creamery. Last week -55c. a
♦ Tea 10 flavors 4fc Ib +
"f Family Mixed. New - Era Blend. J"
♦ ; Ningchow. Congou, Formosa, Oolong. "♦"
♦ '. Foochow Oolong, Assam Ceylon, ■+
-♦■ Japan Basket Fired. ■ Japan. Young
j -♦■ Hyson, Gunpowder ' China, Young •
I -♦■ Hyson China. ; ■ -fj.
; Matches, f araffine, 1 dz bis 5c ♦
4- "New Era" brand, 65 in box. 1 «r. "♦"
4- OOc. , . ♦
X Ammonia, washing qt bat 2tc <
♦"■ Greer's best. ' Regularly 25c. T
♦ Cocoanut, Schepp's 15c Ib £
■♦■ ' ' ■ Recognized best. ' Regularly 20c. .+
♦ Talcum Powder | 3 tins 25c X
4- -. To soften and preserve the ■ skin. ■♦•
4. Regularly 10c each. -4-
♦ Bay Rum qt bot Me, pt 30c X
j a' -Absolutely pure. Regularly 75c and a
| ■ ■•Si - ; ''4oc. ■■"•■"■ <,■..•■'■■■■■ -.-'',-•• : .'--i--- ■-■'; ii.'- ▼
X Malt Whisky. Acme bot Ik X
"♦" A pure medicinal article. Reg. 86c. "♦"
X Riesling gallon 51c X
£' Rhine . wine type; aged and good. -♦•
T Regularly 73c. +
♦ r Creme de Men he. decanter (1.35 +
+. '■ Oolgrard's famous Dutch after-dinner ~Z
cordial. Regularly $1 65. T
■♦" Window Screens Last sale °* •♦•
+ TTIUUUW wW^CC^^ the season. .4.
4- Solid Oak Frames. .a.
4. 18x33. Regularly SOc. 20c T
I 24x37. Regularly 40c. 300 T
4- Large Rattan Furniture Beater 20c +
4- Regularly 15c. -4-
X Folding Ironing Boards $1.15 ea X
'+' ■ ' Regularly Jl 50. .4.
X Odds and Ends *±
a. Closing out of TERRA COTTA T
T ENAMEL WARE at 30 per cent r«- "J
4" duction. "4
■f" *«*--- -- ■ Chateau la Roea. Clear Ha- "♦"
4_ Cigars vana « 250 -4-
T Calle do Oro, "Perfeeto" Key West "y
t 10c >
I Kqual to any bit cigar. ■♦
4- Freight paid within 100 miles. -4-
Eye=Glass
Troubles
Easily avoided by using our new clip—
don't slip, tilt or waver (50 cents).
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premise*. Phone Main 10. ,
OPTICANS^^^W-
-642 Market St.. i«struwhts
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
\Vd%, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 tnd 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1400.000 08
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage« $14,500 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company »7J,T12 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 35.000 M
Cash in Company's Office 841 Sfl
Cash in Banks 7«.«52 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.499 il
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages - 13 41
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 140.1 M OT
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 270 M
Total Assets 41.245.7 M 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 125,390 XI
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 14.72* 57
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 4.98S 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or. less, $469.47127;
re-Insurance 50 per cent 334,735 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $250,-
-580 72: re-lnrurance pro rata. 146,411 M
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent - v
Gross premiums on Marine Time V >
Risks, $ : re-insurance 50 .)
per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due ..., $0,781 ST
Total Liabilities $477.030 18
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Flr»
premiums ■ $589, Ml ■}
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 715. M j
Received for Interest and dividends j
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from j
all other sources IS.Tttllj
Received from all other sources. ..„ 12« It '
Total Income $»2».5«0 78 j
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses i
(Including $30,006 50 losses of pre-
vious years) \""i' $JW,JJ« of
Net amount paid for Marine Lossesr
(including $ — , losses of lA]t .
previous years) if »ffr
Dividends to Stockholders 7"**» i
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage l»T.m«fi
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 63,11174',
Paid for State, National and local '
taxes 1».«8 1
All other payments and expenditures - 40,105 IS ;
Total Expenditures $572. 53! US j
' " Fire. !
Losses Incurred during the year 352.577 a j
Risks a"nd Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums, j
t ___^___ ■■—^— . ' i - j {
Net amount of Risks j
written during the 1136.365.W6 $853. 50. 57
year . . ..... .7. .f. $i:6,355.M5 $553,50t 81 J
Net amount of Risks "
;ea P r red .... dU . rlnK ... t . h< : 121.926,1*7 -OMfllfj
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898.... 1P5. 434 720,051 \
' GEO. S. A. YOUNG, , President. !
WALTER S. ALLEY, Secretary. '■•
Subscribed and sworn to before me. -this Xftlf
day of February. 1599. GEO. H. CORET.
Commissioner for California In New Tor*. •.
, i
L. B. EDWARDS, Manager,
323 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. v j'
THE WEEKLY CALL :
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
34
CALIFORNIA WELCOMES
THE MINERS` GUESTS
VISIT OF AMERICAN INSTITUTE
OF MINING ENGINEERS OF GREAT
IMPORTANCE TO CALIFORNIA
THE California meeting of the American Institute of Mining Engin
eers which will begin in San Francisco to-day, lasting three days, and
attended and followed by much hospitality throughout the State,
will bo composed of an uncertain percentage of about 3000 of the
most eminent and progressive leaders of the mining industry, which
cuts po great and so growing a figure in California's prosperity and indus
trial future. The institute is the largest technical society in the United
States, and it has from Its organization twenty-eight years ago been the
most progressive and successful one. On the special train which brings a
compact lOastern party to the city to-day are 1 ut comparatively few of the
members, but forty or so thus coming together will be supplemented by a
large number of members who will gather individually from all over the
Pacific Coast and elsewhere. The significance of the meeting to California
Is not to be measured by the number of members in attendance. It is not
* popular gathering, but those who come are leaders of a great industry,
with quick perceptions and a wish to know of California's mineral resources
and its human good fellowship, as well of the famed delights which nature
has given it. This is an extremely busy day in the mining and metallurgical
world and many who would have come in a less exacting time have ex
pressed keen regrets at not being able to .attend the most interesting of
seventy-three meetings of the institute.
It is worth more to the State that one man of this stamp who leads
mining capital and the expansion of the industry should learn of Califor
nia's possibilities than that fifty members of a popular society should
hear of what is underground in "California's veined hills and mountains.
The greatest benefit may be a reflex one, resulting from a season uf stimu
lated interest in California's mines and untold mineral resources, from an
awakening to an effort to declare the vast mineral possibilities of the State
and from the hearty extension of hospitality to worthy guests which blesses
him who gives. The irstitute has been a powerful influence in mining prog
resa to which California was much, and the entire State will join the miners
organized in the California Miners' Association in extending a cordial wel
come and California treatment to those who are about to travel hundreds
of miles among our chief mineral regions. For three days beginning to
day the sessions of the meeting will help enliven the Palace Hotel, and
then for nearly three weeks a party of 150 or more will travel about the'
State to see places of the State's resources that have not before attracted
parties of distinguished visitors.
IN THE NORTHERN
PART OF THE STATE
The Visitors Spend Sunday in
Sight-Seeing and Pleasure.
REDDING, Sept 24.— The Eastern
>f mining engineers and th-'ir
lady fi the number of about
'sixty, ai ■oripanled by twenty wel
coming members f the California Miners'
in committee and
various ns of local citizens, en
i full ai ■! delightful day of sight
ire. In the early morn
ing thi m train and the Bpe
ciar car of the California!)?, which lay
U night, ran down to Kes
wick. Redding, and then the
day was speni seeing the mine and plant
and enjoying the splendid hospitality of
the Mountain Copper Company and the
evening ai a sumptuous banquet at Red
dim ••■ the citiz
the Stan tor San Fran
cisco waa made, and the party will be
ready for the Ban Francisco meeting and
attires In the morning.
The Mountain Copper Company, whose
stockholdi rs reside in England, and whose
mine and | lant provide practically all the
pper production of California,
and the State's most striking object-les
-0 the possibilities of the State's
mic minerals, represented here by a
pitable as they are able, and
r Wright and his thirty assistants
irate preparations for their en
tertainment.
A Bpecial narrow-gauge train gayly
• .. the party of 150 up to the
Binelting town of Keowick, where the
• capable of handling 600 tons
iy was hastily gone through.
Then the train climbed the most pictur
■ti miles of railroad in Call
• ;it mine itsolf, the train
climbing 2000 f<>et in that distance and
: k Mi. party hundreds of feet Just
belo'Vt the great gossan 'Toppings that
■ an Inexhaustible mountain of ore
being rapidly mined through tunnels.
ter In honor of the English owners and
hosts.
The feature of the varied social enter
tnlnmetits wns an elaborate luncheon
the big main 'lining hall of the
I THE IRON MOUNTAIN COPPER MINE, VISITED BY THE ENGINEERS YESTERDAY.
mine plant, and to which . rTT"s
and gout It-men sat down. Here were the
first formalities of the California hospi
talities which the guests have just begun
to enjoy and "m- of the most delightful
affairs that the visitors will have tn re
member. The rough boaVd walls were en
tir» ly hidden by tastefully arranged ever
greens and bunting and shields and large
American and English flaps were dis
played together in token of the joint na
tionality of the Mountain Copper Mining
Company's interests. A most striking
ft-ature was provided by arrangements of
pans, picks, shovels, axes and ropes with
the date 1849, while in the floor front a
great compressed air drill reared itself
with the date of 1899, giving a forcible
suggestion to the visitors of California
mining progress.
Nearly everybody was pleasantly sur
:>ris»-d at linding so dainty a spread with
such artistic settings in such a wild re
cess of a mining region. When the
speechmaking time arrived Manager E.
T. Wright, late of London, and a mem
ber of the Institute, offered a aeat wel
come in which England figured, and
President Douglas and Secretary Kay- '
mond responded. It was a wentle Sab
bath afternoon away up in the tangled :
hills with the scene of ceaseless labor far
underground and this influence and pos- |
sibly the declination of three members of
the Eastern party to take a Sunday ex- :
cursion prompted Raymond to a dedara
tion that the Father of All would have
smiled on the Isolated scene of labor and
fraternity and then he suggested the .
singing of the hymn "America." Nobody :
i thai an Englishman started it,
but the 2<>i rose and th>- hymn welled
forth. Then, as if spontaneously, all ,
sang "God Save the Queen" and all were
touched at the beauty and significance
of the incident. In his remarks Presi
dent Douglas observed that grasping
John Bull should not be begrudged that
little slice of America that he was de
veloping so splendidly or the remarkable
little railroad he had built, since no
Americans would do it before. Manager
Wright said that they who were shut up
there in the mountains were not there
for their health, but to satisfy the needs
of a greedy and querulous world.
Such and other incidents and senti
ments attended the first day of the insti
tute in California. Such things will com
pose the importance and significance of
th.- California meeting of the Institute.
Their effect will not lie confined to the
people present at the moment, and they
may be provided by the most remote min
ing camps in the State, in which will j
often be found amid the rough life of the !
industry intelligence and culture that has ,
drawn on the whole world. The entire '
operative and clerical start of the com
pany at Keswlck ami the mine joined in j
the social ministrations, and everything i
but the mine Itself was thrown wide open. |
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIVL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1899.
STORY OF HOW
SAN FRANCISCO
WAS SELECTED
Secretary of State Association
Tells of Efforts Resulting in
Institute's Coming.
E. 11. Benjamin, the indefatigable secre
tary of the California Miners' Asspcla
tion, was the Hist to start the bucci ssful
effort which resulted in the coming to
San Francisco of the American Institute
of Mining Engineers for it* fall meeting
uf 1899. He tells the story as follows:
"During December last 1 was address
ing the California Miners' Association
with R. Gilman J'.rown, manager of the
Standard Consolidated mine of Bodie,
| mainly with reference to the poesibilHi.-s
of organizing a Mono County association.
' Be suggested that it might be a good plan
j to make the association more technical in
its scope, ami in that connection suggest
ed that it would be a splendid idea if the
American Institute of Mining Engineers
could be brought out here. 1 said at
once that I would take It up if It met with
the approval of the association, and on
my return to the city I broached the mat
ter to President Neflf. Vice. President Ral
ston and others of The executive commit
tee. All agreed that it was a splendid
Idea, ami the early result was the official
invitation forwarded to Secretary Ray
! mond in January last. Considerable cor
respondence followed, and in the mean
time W. C. Ralston, during an Eastern
' visit, did yeoman work among members
I of the council. As is the proper practice
of the association, letters were addressed
to California members of the Institute,
inquiring if a meeting here would be a
success. All replies were cordially favor
able, and the result of the total efforts
made was the selection in February last
of San Francisco as the next meeting
place. The long labors Riven to the suc
ceeding preparations for the meeting by
the association are another story."
♦
Visit to the : Iron Mountain Mine
of Great Value to Shasta County,
REDDING, Sept. 24.— Editor Dittmar
said this evening: "The visit of the
American Institute of Mining Engineers
will be of vast importance to the
mining industry of the State, com
posed as it is of the foremost men. of the
profession, many of whom for the first
♦ M. E. DITTMAR, A
t Editor Redding Searchlight, f
T . <s>
time see the wonderful opportunities of
modern application of capital to our min
eral resources The visit of the engineers
to the great Iron Mountain mine, valued
at t< D million dollars, which a few years
ago was idle because its existence was un
known to the modern mining engineer,
was an object lesson that will be of great
value to California, and particularly to
Shasta County. Other opportunities, such
as the Iron Mountain mine presented, ex
ist in this neighborhood. It is not an
"only one mine" district and the big
works Is the object lesson which may re
sult in bringing further inquiry with
capital behind it to our midst. Nowhere
in the world does nature come to the as
sistance of mineral development as in
California."
"CORDIAL WELCOME TO THE MINING
CAMP OF 1849"--MAYOR PHELAN
San Francisco owes the splendid impetus its early growth received
to the mines of California. To-day the mines are still a great source
of the prosperity of city and State, and, with the passing of primitive
methods, will contribute still more in the future by the application of
scientific knowledge by competent engineers. The visit, therefore, of the
American Institute of Mining Engineers is most timely. They are
welcome to the mining camp of 1849, which is now the metropolis of
1899. This should be for them a congenial field, and without any for
mal greeting they should feel at home. Our citizens, respecting and
honoring their profession and recalling the State's history as "the land
of gold," cordially welcomes the institute to California.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
San Francisco, September 24.
PRESIDENT NEFF'S WORDS OF WELCOME.
THE American Institute of Mining Engineers is the most important
body and almost the only one connected with the mining industry
that has ever visited California. It comprises a membership from all
over the world, and it is composed of eminent men whose opinions are
valued everywhere. We expect that they will give our mines and min
eral resources an intelligent inspection, and we do not fear the result.
The California Miners' Association brought these distinguished
leaders of the mining industry here, and its members are highly grat
ified at their arrival. Through its executive and general reception com
mittees and its local organizations in various counties it has arranged
to offer a cordial California welcome and to show them all of the mining
resources of the State that can be seen in the limited time at the dis
posal of the vests. In behalf of the organized mining men of the State
who in these days appreciate the value of brains and intelligence in
the mining industry, I greet these guests of California.
J. H. NEFF,
President California Miners' Association.
<j> JAMES DOLGLAS, President, f
SECRETARY RAYMOND PREDICTS
MINING PROGRESS IN CALIFORNIA
RKPPTXO, Sept. 24.— "We expect
the present meeting to stir up in
terest in the Institute on the Pa
cific Coast, and that we will heai
more from the mining engineers of th(
coast in the -future," said Secretarj
Raymond to-day. "We are all. oi
course, pleased to be in California
Since I was here, a comparativelj
short time ago, there have been a
number of important developments
including the copper mine we saw to
day. A number of deep mines on th«
mother lode have shown great im
provement and important develop
ments. The State's largest progress
I think, will attend the cheapening ol
operations. The great thing now is
the working of large bodies of low
grade ore. There should he a great
progress in mining in California In th«
next few years, for recent develop
ments have revealed possibilities, anc
there is no reason why these discover
ies should not be repeated.
"The meetings of the institute art
largely social, the papers prepared and
presented being published promptly
and going to every member of the in
stitute, who is kept in touch with th<
best current thought and practice In
his field. The meetings foster a feel-
ing of association and fraternity in the profession and a loyalty to the institute
and they stimulate men who have acquired new knowledge to prepare reports
which they would not otherwise do. Our membership is not confined to the fields
of mining, metallurgy and economic geology with a standard of technical ac
quirements, but is open to practical mining men as well."
PUBLISHER OF IRON AGE TALKS OF TRIP.
REDDING, Sept. 24.— David Williams,
publisher of the Iron Age, in a talk with
The (Jail correspondent to-day said:
"The party with which I am visiting
California is making a summer trip of
about five weeks through some of the
great western mineral regions of the
United States, making the San Francisco
meeting of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, In which we are
greatly interested, the excuse and oc
casion for spending this time in learning
more about the mineral industry of the
country, and in enjoying the scenic
beauties of the West. We are combining
pleasure with profit. We will not have
time for detailed study of anything, but
will acquire, I hope, an enlarged concep
tion of the country's mineral resources.
We have already been impressed with the
magnitude and importance of what little
we have seen on the trip, Including what
we saw to-day.
Having been only twenty-four hours in.
FINING -MCTALLUQ O>
J THEO. D. RAND, Treasurer.
R. W. RAYMOND, Secretary.
the State, I will say little about Califor
nia. Many of the party have said that
they are already paid for taking the trip.
Many men of the party are closely identi
fied with the silver and gold features of
this Industry, which I am not. As Jo the
possibilities of iron production on the Pa
cific Coast, of which I am asked to say
something briefly, T will simply remark
that it is a large problem which I would
rather be excused from discussing. This
coast has great and rich deposits of iron
ore, but unfortunately the coal problem
Is the biggest one. The days of charcoal
are long past, and while the water power
of this State will make a wonderfull in
dustrial development in some fields, we
have not yet got to smelting by elec
tricity. The possibilities of Chinese coal
following the development of those coal
fields with cheap labor have been dis
cussed, and 1 cannot now see why Chinese
coal cannot be- made available for smelt
ing iron in California. China is prac
tically closer to California than Mon
tana." t
PROGRAMME OF THE SEVENTY-SEVENTH
CONVENTION OF THE MINING ENGINEERS
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1 : 30 p. m.—
Addresses of Welcome.
Presidential address by President James Douglas,
LL.D., New York City.
The following papers will be presented in abstract by the
authors:
The Origin of the Yosemite Valley, and the Eroding
Effect of Glaciers, by Professor William P. Blake, Tucson,
Ariz.
Notes on Mining Cable Tests and Physical Tests of Cal
ifornia Timbers, by Professor Frank Soule, University of
California.
The Construction of the La Grange Dam, by E. H.
Barton, Sonora. Cal.
The following papers will be presented in print:
Stoping with Machine Drills, by Bert Thane, Sumden-
Chief Mine, Alaska.
Deep Mining at the Utica. by J. H. Collier, Tesla, Cal.
Note on Plate Amalgamation, by Allan J. Clark, Lead,
South Dakota.
The Mines and Mill of the Atacama Mineral Company,
Limited, Taltal, Chile, by Sydney H. Loram, Chingford, Es
sex, England.
Investigation of Magnetic Ores from Eastern Ontario,
by Frederick J. Pope, New York City.
The Relative Desulphurizing Effect of Lime and •Mag
nesia in the Iron Blast Furnace, by O. R. Foster, Brooklyn,
New York.
MONDAY EVENING, 8 to 10:30 o'clock, a Grand
Promenade Concert will be given in the Palace Hotel Court.
Music by Cassasa's Band.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20—
The following will be read in abstract:
The Electromotive Force of Metals in Cyanide Solu
tions, by Professor S. B. Christy, L T niversity of California.
Some Features of the Economic Geology of Russia, by
Professor A. C. Lawson, University of California.
The New Alaska Tread well Gold Mills, by Robert Mem,
Oakland, Cal.
The following papers will be presented in print:
The Peculiar Ore Deposit of the East Murchison United
Gold Mine, Western Australia, by D. P. Mitchell, Palo Alto,
Cal.
The Occurrence of Tin Ore at San Alto, Zacatecas,
with reference to similar deposits in San Luis Potosi and Du
rango. Mexico, by Edward Halse, Columbia. S. A.
The Copper Deposits of Vancouver Island, by William
N. Brewer. Victoria. B. C.
Rock Salt in Louisiana, by A. F. Lucas, Lafayette, La.
The Lee Long-Wall Mining Machine, by H. Foster
Bain. Dcs Moines, lowa.
Natural Coke of the Santa Clara Coal Field, Sonora,
Mexico, by E. T. Dumble, Houston, Texas.
Transcontinental Railway Lines, by James Douglas,
New York City.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27—
The following will be read in abstract:
Electricity as Applied in California Mining Practice,
by Professor C. L. Cory, University of California.
The Geology of Arizona, by Professor Theo. B. Corn
stock, Los Angeels. Cal.
Tangential Water Wheels, by W. A. Doble, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
The following papers will be read by title:
Notes on the Independence Mine at Cripple Creek,
Colo., by T. A. Rickard, Denver. Colo.
Gold Milling at Minas Prietas, by E. R. Abadie, Torres,
Sonora, Mexico.
Treatment of Oxidized Ores of the Lake View Con
sols Mine, by J. W. Sutherland, Boulder, Western Australia.
The Effect of Heat Treatment Upon the Physical Prop
erties and the Alicrostructure of Medium-Carbon Steel, by
Robert G. Morae, Jamaica Plain, Mass.
Peculiar Forms of Native Gold, by George F. Kunz,
New York City.
The Cement Rocks of Illinois, by J. A. Ede, Spring Val
ley, 111.
The Temperature at Which Certain Ferrous and Calcic
Silicates Are Formed and the Effect Upon These Tempera
tures of the Presence of Certain Metallic Oxides, by H. O.
Hoffman. Boston, Mass.
Wolframite Deposits in South Dakota, by A. Forsythe,
Rapid City, South Dakota.
Nickel-Steel, a Synopsis of Experiment and Opinion,
by David H. Browne, Cleveland, Ohio.IN THE MIDST
OF A NEW
MINING PROSPERITY
CALIFORNIA ENJOYS A GREAT PROSPECTING BOOM.
A Canvass of the State Demonstrates That Unusual Activity in the Mining
Industry Prevails.
HERE is a current record that may |
suggest to judicious minds that
California is not "worked out," :
from a mining standpoint. It is
worthy of a little attention amid the
crowding facts of this State's mining in
dustry and mineral resources.
The Call herewith presents a fractional,
but still striking, record of the number of
new mining locations made in California
during; eight months of 1899. This record
is gathered from counties of all grades of
mining activity and for the period covered
the complete record would undoubtedly
exceed in averages, etc., the totals here
given.
The Call recently sent inquiries concern
ing the number of mining locations filed
and some other current features of the
industry to county officials or correspond
ents in each county. Many have not yet
replied, but the showing here made is
sufficient for the general purpose of -••'
--ting forth one evidence of the present
mining activity in California and offering
one suggestion of the State's future min
ing possibilities.
The record, given in detail below, shows
that during eight months of the current
year (J124 mining location notices were filed |
In twenty-two of the fifty-seven counties
of the State. If this ratio were kept up :
to the end of the year there would be 9186
mining locations "recorded in only these
twenty-two counties during 1599, the aver
age for these counties being _',>. If the
iiity - two present mineral-producing ,
<'ou~nties out of the whole tifty
seven counties sustained this aver
age the number for the fifty-two
counties for eight months would be 14,466,
and f'<r the whole year 21,684. Anything
like tliis would be a pretty good record
for brand new mines, or "prospects," in
one State in one year, and it closely ap
proximates the true situation.
The r,umber of locations reported by
counties is its follows:
Shasta 1,4*9 Amador 80
Del Norte SSEI Dorado 46X '
Plumas 243 Mariposa 316
Modoc 3 Tuolumne 491
Lassen 24 ! Merced 126
Butte ldTJAlameda 3 I
Yuba IS (Monterey 93 ,
Alpine 45 Kern 1,534 |
C'oiusa 2S;i ] Orange 43 j
I^ake "-■'> .San Diego 530 :
Xapa 31 j j
j'laeer ml Total 6.124
People familiar with the mining situa
tion in this State will observe that several
of the mining counties in which there Is
jiot only great mining activity but a targe
proportion of mineral land open to pros
ju-ctors are not here reported. Notable
among these are Siskiyou and Trinity
counties. which share Shasta'a mining
characteristics and which would be found i
closely approaching Shasta's record. Cal
avems on the mother lode, Is not reported.
There are no returns from Fresno, with
its remarkable oil boom, or from its sis
ter Madera. Prospecting is specially ac
tive over the great mineralized desert re
gion of Southern California, as Kern
County's record helps to show, but neither
San Bernardino nor Riverside are includ
ed. It would seom a fai!» assumption that !
the averages and totals given above
should be raised.
SHASTA.
This county, whose copper output of
$2,465,830 in 183S, added to its gold, etc..
made it the ailing mineral-producing
county of the State, has yet only begun
§1 ♦-• ♦ •- -*-<£>-•-<&-♦-<§•-♦- <£>--♦-<?>-♦ A .
♦ Map Showing the Points to
Be Visited.
♦
to be prospected, as the record will-sug
rin •!■<■ ;ir<- two organized districts
iv wblcfa claim* are recorded, but those
died with the County Recorder to Sep
-.. mil' r ( i numbered 1449, aa follows: Jan
uary ' tS February' 1«6: March, 190; April,
197- May 292; June. 124: July. 96; Aug-ust.
ptember (to 6th inst.), 32: total, 144f1.
DWHL NoRTE.
Little Del Norte County, away up in
irner of the Stato, by the
sea and far from railroads, has much un- '
developed and unprospected mineral
wealth. Mining activity is being resumed
for the first time in many years. Copper
ore Is being shipped by sea and a number
of copper and gold mines are undergoing
development. The record of locations
reads: February. 8; March. 7; April. 5;
May. 7: June, 17; July, 13; August. 1.
Total. SS.
The correspondent writes: "The mining
industry of Del Norte County is prac
tically undeveli ped, but it is not from
the lack of minerals, in which the mount
ains are rich. The lack of shipping facil
ities is the greatest bar to the develop
ment of th«- mines. Copper has been
mined and is at present mined to an ex
tent that demonstrates that it exists in
Having quantity and quality. Placer mm
CALIFORNIA RECEPTION COMMITTEE WAITING FOR THE SPECIAL TRAIN AT J
SHASTA SPRINGS.
ing is carried on to a limited extent on
Myrtle Creek and at Big Flat."
PLUMAB.
Plumas County is almost exclusively a
mining county, ribbed with minerals d
veins and holds vast beds of ancient and
I auriferous gravels, but suffers
fn.n> lack of transportation facilities, it
Is enjoying new mining activity, however,
us the following record shows:
Placer locations— January. 11: February.
13; March, 5; April, 19; May. 12; June, 19;
July. 24; August, 14. Total. 117.
Lode locations— January, 21; February,
17; March, 17; April, 18; May, 7; June, 15;
July. 19; August, 12. Total, 126.
Grand total, 243.
MODOC.
From Modoc's County Recorder, E. G.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SKFTEMBJSK 25, !»»».
Scammon. comes the report: "There is
very little mining done in this county,
there being only thre« mining notices filed
in this office since last January. There
are no mines in operation in this county
that I know of."
LASSEN.
Lassen County includes a great northern
mineral region in the Sierras and is one
of those out-of-the-way counties Buffering
from neglect through lack of ready com
munication. The report from Lassen
County includes the following: "The con
dition of the mining industry in Lassen
County is far better and more hopeful
than for ten years last past. More pros
pecting is being done and with better re
sults. More capital is being invested in
i mining properties than ever before in the
history of the county." The total number
of lode locations filed was twenty-four.
There were no placer locations. Twelve
mining properties wnre deeded and two
bonded.
BUTTB.
Butte County displays forty-one quartz
and sixty-six placer locations, a total of
107 and fifty-seven transfers of mining
properties. The placer locations have
mainly been with a view to dredging and
several gold dredgers will soon be added
to the five now operating on the Feather
River.
YUBA.
Tuba County is small and has much
fruit, but its early settled eastern end
reaches Into the mineralized Sierra Ne
vada foothills and the Yuba River pro
vides one of the coming dredging fields.
Yuba's report is:
The outlook for the mining industry in
this county has not been better for twen
ty years, although the records show that
there have been only nineteen location
notices filed, one-third the number that
were filed during the same period last
year This is accounted for by the fact
that most of the claims are located and
now the owners are working them. There
is great activity in placer mining on the
rubs River by means of dredgers. The
introduction of electricity Into several
districts has made it possible to work
profitably many mines that have lain idle
for years. Twenty sales and three bonds
have been recorded.
ALPINE.
Little Alpine County, perched up In the
Sierra Nevadas, has Its share of new min
ing activity, but only forty-five location
notices we're filed with County Clerk
Prank Smith.
COLUSA.
Coiusa County has been one of the
smallest mineral producers In the State,
but the recent oil and copper booms have
■ stimulated great activity in prospecting
i this county's latent resources of these
I products. "The number of location no
ttcec, which is surprisingly large, is re
ported as follows:
January. 4 copper; February, 11 copper;
March, 4 copper; April, 8 copper; May, 1
j copper and 123 placer oil locations; June,
28 oil; July, 58 oil; August. 45 oil. Total,
copper 29 and oil 264. Grand total, 293.
LAKE.
Lake County is reported on In the fol
lowing comprehensive way by County Re
corder Frank VV. Beach:
"Mining claims filed in Lake County are
generally cinnabar claims. There have
been twenty-five claims recorded so far
in the year 1599.
"There has been no appreciable Increase
in the mining industry in Lake County
this year, although some of the old mines
have been enlarged and furnaces rebuilt,
with one new furnace at the Abbott.
"The survival or non-survival of the
State mining law will have but little ef
fect upon the industry as a whole in the
county. One group of tilings in the Mor
gan Valley section of the county, the ore
<f which is phenomenally rich, through a
misapprehension oi the exact status of
the mining law. aiv in a muddle and will
probably go into the courts to have the.
matter adjusted. One other, the Bullion,
is now in litigation, but the validity of
the State law cannot affect it. All the
Inrcer quicksilver producing mines in
Lake County, such as the Great Western,
Str.ndard. Sulphur Bank. Abbott, et al.,
have acquired title in a large measure
through agricultural patent and hence
cannot be touched by any phase of this
law." _________
NAPA.
Napa County is fourteenth in rank
among the counties of the State in min
eral production, which amounted to $sf>s,-
OGfi in 1898, because of its quicksilver,
mineral water? and magnesite. in each of
whi'-h it leads all the counties of the
State. It has no other mineral products
worthy of mention. Increased mining
activity is reported this year. The mining
locations in this well settled horticultural
county were: January, 7; March. 11; May,
6; June, 1; July, 1; August, 5. Total, 31.
PLACER.
In Placer County 121 locations in eight
months were about equally divided, ac
cording to State and Federal laws, as fol
lows:
Lode locations. State law— January, 8;
February, 6; March, 11. Total, 25.
Lode locations, Federal law— January,
2: February, 1; April, 10; May, 13; June,
10; July, 7: August, 7. Total, 50.
Placer, State law— January. 7; Febru
ary. 4; March, 3; April, 4; May, 1; July,
2; August. 2.
Placer, Federal law— January, 3; Febru
ary 1; March, 1: May, .; June, 1; July, 10;
August, 5. Total, 23.
_Grand total. 121.
AMADOR.
There were eighty filings on mining
claims in Amador County to August 21,
as follows: January, 28; February, 11;
March. 7; April, 8; May. 14; June. 1; July,
6; August 5. There are no existing or
ganized districts, but the district records
of the Volcano and Clinton districts have
been returned to those districts. There
were eighty-one mining properties sold
and nineteen bonded.
EL DORADO.
The number of claims recorded In El
Dorado County during the present year
was as follows: January, 92; February.
65; March, 6«; April. 37; May, 41; June, 22;
July, 41; August, 24; September, 8; total,
"Only two mining districts have been or
ganized in the county since the repeal of
the mining act of 1897," writes the corre
spondent, "one at Georgetown and one
at Volcanoville. In both cases demands
were made upon the County Recorder for
the return of the mining records of the
districts, which upon legal advice were
refused.
"There has been much development
work during the year and all in all the
outlook for the steady and profitable ex
ploiting of the quartz mines of the old
empire county was never brighter than
to-day. With the other mining counties
along the great lode El Dorado has suf-
r.EOLOG> CIIEMI/Tll^
fered from a scant water supply during
the present season, but this will vanish
with the first fall rains."
MARIPOSA.
The heart of the mineral region of Mari
posa County is the great Mariposa grant
of many thousands of acres, in which no
prospector may locate and which was re
cently sold to a London syndicate. Out
side of the grant there were 316 locations
filed as follows: January. 50; February,
41- March. 43: April. 36; May, 50; June, 27;
July 4(i: August, 23.
Twenty-eight mining properties have
been sold and seven bonded.
TUOLUMNE.
Tuolumne County, third in rank in gold
production and fourth in total mineral
production, is about the liveliest of the
mining counties of the great mother lode
region. Though it has been mined and
prospected steadily since 1849, its hills
have been full of prospectors, as the fol
lowing record of mining locations shows:
Lode locations under State law of 1897,
preliminary notices— January, 94; Febru
ary, 34; March. 43; April. 17. Total. 188.
Final certificate?— January. 26; February.
30; March. 41; April, 28. Total, 125.
Lode locations under Federal law—Jan
uary, 43; February. 21; March, 17; April,
42; May. 93; June, 46: July. 46. Total. 308.
Placer locations. State law— January.
7; February, 2; March, 6; April, 2; May, 6.
Total. 23.
Placer locations. Federal law— January,
6; February. 5; March. 4; April, 1; May, 5;
June, 6; July, S. Total, 33.
Grand total, 401.
MERCED.
In Merced County there were 126 lode
and placer locations filed, of which 88
were tiled in July and 38 in August. Ah
of these were oil claims.
AL.AMEDA.
In populous Alameda County, down on
the bay shore, with coal, chrome and oil
to mainly tempt mining enterprise, there
were three mining locations riled.
MONTEREY.
They are busily hunting oil in Monterey
County, where during eight months of the
year eighty-five placer and eight lode lo
cations were filed. The placer locations
were distributed as follows: January, 1;
February, 1; March, 22; April, 16; May, 36;
June. 3; August. <">.
KERN.
Kern County has made a big record in
mineral locations, largely on account of
the oil boom, though much prospecting is
going on through its Sierra Nevada and
desert mineral regions, where great un
developed gold and other mineral re
sources abound. The lode and placer lo
cations were as follows: January, 248;
February. 1!)3; March. 162: April, 167; May.
268; June , 347; July, 153; August, 7G. Total,
1554.
The number of transfers of mining prop
erties recorded is reported by the County
Recorder at 488.
ORANGE.
The oil production of, Southern Califor
nia is being rapidly increased by Orange
County, in the northern part of which a
fine field has been lately developed. The
location notices filed, almost entirely for
oil claims, were as follows: January, 4;
February. 1: March, 4; April, 5: May, 6;
June, 4; July, 18; August. 3. Total, 45.
SAN DIEGO.
In San Diego County the record of min
ing locations is as follows: January, 70;
February, 103; March, 53; April, 32; May,
;>7; June, M; July, 89; August, 95. Total,
530. _
The zinc miners are looking forward to
a new market for zinc. One of the new
usages of spelter which promises to come
in favor is the zinc shingle for roofing.
Zinc, being a non-conductor of lieat and
cold, makps it more agreeable for one do
ing business near the roof.
ITINERARY OF SIGHT-SEEING TRIPS
TO BE TAKEN BY OUR VISITORS
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27.
Leave San Francisco for University of California, and Selby
Smelting Worku 12i30 p m
Arrive San Francisco • 0:15 p m
Banquet at Palace Hotel 8100 P m
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 28.
Leave San Francisco (breakfast on train) 8:30 a-m
Leave Palo Alto 11:45 am
Arrive San Jouc 12:45 p m
Leave for Lick Observatory or carriage drives 2:OO p m
' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29.
Leave San Jose for Xew Almaden quicksilver mines in
carriage* Btoo * m
Leave Xew Almaden . 4:O<> p m
Arrive San Jose. 5:30 P m
Leave San Jose for Del Monte BiOO a m
Arrive San Jose 1O:3O p m
Leave San Jose for Colfax 10:45 p m
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30.
Arrive Colfnx 7:30 a m
Leave Colfnx for Xevnila City and Grass Valley 7:45 a m
Visit mines Saturday and Sunday. Alternate trip to
Forest Hill divide, leaving Colfax by carriages Saturday
morning. '
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1.
Leave \evada City ". • 9! °° P; m
Arrive Colfax I*' oo P m
MONDAY, OCTOBER 2.
nreakfast on trnin. Leave Colfax • 7:45 m m
Arrive Dutch Flat Bl3 ° * m
Visit hydraulic mines. ; .
Leave Dutch Flat .. .. . • . .10:00 a. m
Arrive Anbnrn 12:30 p m
Lunch. Local reception by Placer County Miners* Asso
ciation.
Leave Auburn ....... 2:O ° P m
Arrive Sacramento. 3:OO p m
Visit State Capitol, etc. Guests of Chamber of Commerce.
Leave Sacramento • • • ,ll«OO p m
Arrive Oroville, Butte County, during night.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3.
Breakfast on train. Visit Oroville. drift and quarts
mines and dredgers. Luncheon and dinner at Orovllle.
Leave Orovllle. ®»00 » m
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4.
Breakfast on train.
Arrive lone 7:00 a
Take carriages. Visit mother lode deep mines in vicin
ity, of Sutter Creek and Jackson. Stop over night in min
ing regions. »
i
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5.
Leave Jackson by carriages about 10:00 a m
Visit mother lode region and luncheon at Gwin mine,
Cnlavcras County.
Arrive Valley Springs 4»OO p m
Leave Valley Springs ; -*«1O P m
Arrive Lodi, take special train again 7:OO p m
Leave Lodi • ••■• • 7:10 P m
Dinner on train.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6. ,
Breakfast on train. mnn ■'
Arrive Jamestown •• 7:OO atm
Visit mining regions. .
Leave Jamestown • « sO ® P =*
Arrive Sonorn •• • • •■•' O:3 * m
Stop over night at Sonora at hotels or en trains, as
preferred.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7. ' ; £
Visit mine* in Sonora region.
Leave Sonora • 7:o ° » ■»
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8.
Breakfast on train. . _ :
Arrive Raymond ■ n 6:OO afm
Start for Yosemlte.
SUNDAY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8,
' 9, 10 and 11.
Trip to Yosemlte. j
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11. , * ;
i
Dinner on train. .
Arrive Raymond 6:OO 9 m
Leave Raymond •♦•• ?iOO p m
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12.
Breakfast on train.
Arrive Los Angeles... 8«00 a m
>
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11.
Leave Los Angeles . •!<>«<><> * "*
Arrive Santa Monica. 1O:4O a m
• Luncheon and dinner at Hotel Arcadia.
Leave Santa . Monica • . ««3<> p m
Arrive Los Angeles .. 7:10 p m
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12.
"Breakfast on train. .....
Leave. Los Angeles .........;. 8:20 a m
Arrive Pasadena. . 8:oO * in
Take electric railway and cable incline for the famous
ride np Mount Lowe. ' - _ i
Arrive. Mount Lowe Springs 10:30 a m
Arrive Los Angeles . .• • • • • 2:30 p m
' Join balance of party, visit oil wells in Los Angeles
City and other local entertainments.
Leave Los Angeles, homeward bound 0:30 p m
INSTITUTE'S GREAT INFLUENCE ON MINING PROGRESS.
THE mining men of California and the
coast cordially welcome the visiting I
members of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers. Many prominent
representatives of the institute are not
strangers, for in ranging round the earth
in quest of treasure some have frequently
visited California and her sister States
and Territories. But it is the first time ,
that the greatest technical society in the
world has held one of its meetings west
of the Sierras. Established In 1871 and
embracing in its membership most of the j
leaders in mining and metallurgy, the
influence of the institute has been great
on mining and scientific progress, and in
every part of the world are found mem- |
bers of that gTeat organization at the
head of development work.
In accordance with the gigantic scale
on which everything is done in California,
whether welcoming veterans of war or
captains of peace, a big programme is
mapped out, which with the business ses
sions of the next three days will tax the
receptive facult.es of the visitors, jt
were better, perhaps, had they been able
to come before the foothill streams of the
early year had dwindled to the dry and
dusty channels of to-day, but if their
presence or their counsel can in any way
aid in the movement toward conservation
of water in California now in progress,
such aid will be one of the most valuable
results of their visit.
J. F. HALLORAN,
Publisher Mining and Scientific Press-
56
I
'%^%Jt ; CSS- J3ul !
MONDAY." ............. SE PTEMBER 25, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor _ !
; [ress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. 1
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f \
Telephone >:„■:) ISCB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .....2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Jlain IST4.
DELIVERED BY CARRIER^ 18 CENTS PEP. WEEK. j
Single Cor.les, B cents. j
Terms by Mall, Including Postage: . |
PAJIiT CALL. (Including KuinJay Cal!). one year .$9.00
DAILY CALL (lnclnding Sunday Cull). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (ir.r'.v.<'.!ng; Sunday Call), 3 months .... I.GO
DAILY CALL— By Sin«la Month (ts<> '
SUNDAY CALL On- Year *-*9
WEEKLY CALL One Year I '°°
All postmasters are r.uthorized to receive snbscriptlons.
Eaniple copies Till be forwarded v.hen requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Forc!£n Advertieinj; Marquetts Building,
Cbtca&a.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT »
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Buildln*
CiSICAGO NEWS" STANDS.
Ehennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotall
lTr<;ii;>::t House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BnMitano, »l Union 6<juar«i
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel I
• J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:50 o'clccK- 300 Hayes street, open untl! I
9:ZO o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtl! 9:30 o'clock
iSA! Mission street, open' until iO o'clock- 2SC Market !
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 109* j
Valencia street, epen untl! 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh j
street, cpen until 9 o'clock'. NW. corner Twenty j
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock .
AMUSEMENTS.
•"••::n— VmiflpMlle.
" :;ha."
"Marie Antoinette."
ir— "Th« Idler."
ad Opera -huus*— "The Druir. Major's Daughter."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
ro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Circus— fill '
D— Mechanics Fair and Philippine Ex-
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Pullivnn ft Doyle — Wednesday at 11 a. m., Buergies, etc.,
A DEEP INSIDE OF PROSPERITY
rEW persons, even those in active trade, realize |
how many things' have advanced in price during
the past few months, and particularly during the
past few weeks. Exclusive of the great staples, the
list embraces ail sorts of articles, even to writing
paper, lead pencils and pins, so that it now costs more
money to oven order goods than formerly, not to
mention paying for. them. Almost everything that the
housewife uses has gone up, as the head of the family
is ling out to his disgust, and it costs considerably
more to run the family than it did a year ago. And.
the end is apparently not yet. No such rise in com
modities has been seen since the civil war, nearly forty:
ago.
The money, market is beginning to show signs of
strain on account of this general advance in the neces
saries of life. The circulation is being drawn upon to
pay for goods and the New York banks find their
legal reserve? shrinking under the drain, especially as
the interior banks are drawing on the New York
banks for cash funds to move the crops. The Govern
ment has helped the situation by paying the October
bond interest in advance, as on former similar occa
sions, and the banks themselves will find other means
of relief, so there is no cause for alarm. The case is
cited merely to show that even prosperity sometimes
causes financial stringency, just as it threw a large
number of men out of work a fortnight or so ago be
cause the shipbuilding works could not get the raw
material to work on, owing to the immense demand
from all over the country. Both cases are peculiar,
if not unique.
The present advance in prices has another curious
feature. It will be news to -many that the manufac
turer, in spite of the general advance in his wares, is '
deriving very little benefit from it. It appears that the
rise in raw products has been so sharp that the maim l
focturer his been unable to advance his selling, prices
for manufactured goods in a corresponding ratio, for
while the latter are much higher than for some time
they have not kept pace with the increased price of '
ra.v material, and, what is of equal importance, the
rise in wages. This is prominently exhibited in the
woolen trade and many other lines. Thus, while
labor has advanced from 10 to 15 per cent boots and
shoes have risen only 4 per cent, while leather has
gone up 8 per cent. Wool has advanced 10.9
per cent, but woolen goods only 5.2 per cent,
which, in view of the IO@IS per cent increase in la
bor, gives the manufacturer less benefit than appears
at the fir: I glance. Everything put up in tin has ad
vanced, but the enormous rise in tin. combined with
the increase in wages, cuts down the packer's profits
materially. And so on. down the whole list of com
modities. From this it would appear that the pro
ducer and wnge-e:<rner are getting much more out of
the current prosperity than the manufacturer, who is
popularly supposed to get the lion's <=har» of every
thing.
For the rest the situation exhibits no new features.
The weekly commercial reports sing the same unvary
ing song of marked gains in bank clearings, decreased
failures, a great wholesale and jobbing trade in almost
every line of goods, feverish activity in all branches
of the iron and steel trades and their subdivisions,,
with prices for merchandise of all descriptions mount
ing skyward. Of the eighty-three American cities
and towns reporting bank clearings only eight
showed a decrease last week, while the average gain i
all over the country was 4,1 per cent, and every large !,
city except Omaha recorded a gain over 1898. The
failures were 147, against I&2 - m the same week last ;
year.
The conditions on this coast are merely a reflex
of the wonderful prosperity general throughout the
other parts of the country. They are familiar to all
who keep in touch with trade conditions and have
been recounted time and again. Suffice it to say
that business is better in California to-day than for
a exeat many years, and that there are no complaints j
from any quarter.
Several prominent Democrats of Massachusetts'
have declined renominntions for State positions. This j
seems to be another verification of the belief that I
there are some people that have conscientious scruples j
against taking anything that is worth nothing. I
CONGRESS AND THE COLD STANDARD.
WITH the opening of the fall campaigns, pub
lic interest in all political questions revives
and renewed attention is paid to issue? which
have to some extent been overlooked by reason of
the general concern in the questions raised by the
war in the Philippines. Among these issues that of
confirming the gold standard and reforming the
currency laws of" the nation naturally comes first,
and it is gratifying to note that despite opposition
from a certain class of Republicans, the sentiment of
the party and its leaders and representatives is
strongly in favor of the enactment of a comprehen
sive act upon the subject at the coming session of
Congress.
Representative McLeary of Minnesota, who is one
of the best informed men in Congress on currency
questions and who is in rlc=e touch with influential
Republicans in the House, has recently declared a
sanguine expectation that the issue will be one of
the first to be taken up during the session, and that
the plan outlined by the Atlantic City conference
will be substantially adopted. That plan it will be
remembered includes a declaration for the gold
standard so formulated That only by act of Congress
can the monetary standard be changed, the protec
tion of the gold reserve from what has been termed
the "endless chain." the authorization of bank note
issues to the par value of the United States bonds
deposited as security, and the establishment of banks
in less populated communities on a reduced capital.
The Republican State conventions which have
been held this year have strongly and clearly de
ciared for the gold standard and a scientific revision
of our currency laws. Moreover these platform
promises have been emphatically repeated by the
candidates nominated upon them. From one end of
the country to the other the voice of sterling Re
publicanism has been unmistakable on that point,
and the few time-serving politicians who counsel
delay or compromise have had no influence what
ever either in the party conventions or in the cam
paigns.
In opening the Republican canvass in Ohio on Sat
urday Judge Nash reminded the voters of the State
that the money question is still one of the issues of
the politics of the country' and could not be evaded
either by the people or by Congress. "The Demo
cratic party." lie said, "continues to demand the free
and unlimited coinage of silver and gold as equal
in primary money at the ratio of 16 to I," and if
Ohio give its vote to that party the effect would be
to revive the whole agitation and once more disturb
the finances and the industries of the country. "Our
prosperity, '■ he added, "is due to the determination
of the American people to maintain inviolate and
forever a sound financial policy in this land.
By the elections in 1806 confidence was restored in
the financial integrity of the people of the United
States. Hence, those who controlled capital were
willing to let it seek investment in railroads, manu
factures and commerce. The unemployed are no
longer idle. Those who worked only one-half time
and for half pay are now reaping a full harvest."
These stalwart declarations for the right are the
more gratifying because, as the Philadelphia Public
Ledger has pointed out: "Certain Republican jour
nalists and politicians profess that the currency laws
are good enough as they are: that what is essential
is the retention of the Republican party in power and
the maintenance of revenue laws that shall avert a
deficiency in the Treasury. This view of the situa
tion i? "childlike and bland" rather than convincing.
It ignores the possibility of contingencies 4 that can
not definitely be anticipated in time to make prep
aration for unusual demands on the Treasury."
The business interests of the country require a
prompt settlement of the whole money question.
The gold standard must be confirmed and the con
fusion in the currency laws brought to order by the
adoption of a scientific and sound monetary system.
That is one of the thing 3 expected of Congress at
the coming session, and it is encouraging to note
that all signs point to the conclusion the expectation
will be realized.
Chicago i? having such a big silver punchbowl pre
pared for the battleship Illinois that the people there,
do not speak of having it made but of having it
erected. It is going to be soriiething monumental,
and it would seem that in an emergency it might be
used as a lifeboat.
Mrs. Mary Brooks, the first woman sentenced to
the Michigan State prison at Jackson, is about lo
have her revenge on the man whose testimony sent
her up. She has consented to marry him.
EXPANSION AND COTTON
SENATOR MORGAN has addressed a com
mercial argument to the Southern cotton
planters to show their interest in imperialism,
lie says that "the time is coming when an American
city in the Pacific islands will handle two-thirds of
the cotton in the world."
The Tacoma Ledger is charmed with this prospect
and observes that "thousands of bales of American
cotton have been shipped from Tacoma in the last
two years, and cotton manufacturing machinery is
going the same way. The Asiatics are the great
est consumers of cotton in the world, and instead
of relying on Manchester are beginning to manu
facture thrir own goods."
It seems, then, that we are to rely on the produc
tion of raw material to be manufactured by the cheap
skilled labor of Asia. Perhaps the Ledger will cite
the example of any nation that has grown rich on the
production of raw material. The foundation of the
Republican theory of protection is the stimulation of
manufacture, not the production of raw material to
be transmuted by the skill of others. A=ia and
Africa always had cotton. When Europe was dress
ing in the skins of animals, and later when the people
of the Western nations wore coarse woollen fabrics,
Asia and Africa had the finest cotton and linen. The
cerements of Egyptian mummies, laid away three
thousand years ago, are of cotton and linen, so finely
woven as to prove the hifihe«t skill in manufacture
and the production of the raw fiber.
Senator Morgan's American city in the Pacific
islands will not long handle American cotton after
the manufacturing machinery is put in operation.
There are vast reaches of land in Asia and Africa,
virgin and unexhausted, that will produce cotton. It
is a law of economics that where nature permits the
production, the raw material and its manufacture
come close together. The planting of cotton mills in
Asia to be run with cheap labor means the raising of
Asiatic raw cotton by still cheaper labor, and our
expansion, achieved at great cost, will mean the
transfer of an industry from the mjdst of us to the
mid<=t of the cheap labor of the Orient.
The Ledger declares that "if any people in this
country should be interested in the retention of the
Philippines it is the cotton growers of the South."
That is true, but their interest is against such reten
tion if it be to introduce the very changes in Asia
foretold by Morgan and the Ledger.
Our cotton trade with Asia and pceanica for the
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1899.
| three years 1897-99, fiscal years, has shown great
1 fluctuations, as follows, in bales exported:
I 8&7 '. 60,756
lj,f)B . . . 225,552
1899..! 177,700
So that since we began political expansion toward
Asia we have shrunk in otir cotton exports there
47.852 bales. It is noteworthy that in 1897 Spain took
of t'> 266,388 bales, or more than four times as much
ar; all Asia and Oceanica.
But a little while ago the friends of our protective
system were alarmed at the obvious awakening of
Japan and China to the profits of manufacturing by
the me of their cheap labor. Some branches of man
ufacture are not in immediate danger of domestica
tion there, 'such as the metal and machinery trades,
which will profit in supplying machinery; but the
textile manufacture can go there, and the production
of fiber can follow it, for nature offers no bar thereto.
I When Asiatic cheap labor and improved machinery
' are brought in conjunction, this generation can see
the end of the American cotton industry. Our total
cotton export to the world has fallen off already. In
bales and value for the fiscal years 1898 and 1899 it
was :
IS«K— bales 7.551 ,004
JB9S— value $230,442,215
1599-bales 7,373,382
IS99— value $209,564,774
The shrinkage in bales was 207,622, and in value $20,
--877,441. It would seem, then, that the swell in the
cotton trade since we began expanding, that the
Ledger professes to have seen, does not exist, and its
deduction from a non-existent fact is like many
others which are published to make the people pa
tier t while they pay the cost of an adventure which
will lave in it but little profit and a very indifferent
article of glory-
SOUTH AMERICAN ALARMISTS.
SINCE the outburst of foolish boasting on the
part of the imperialists of the country there
have come to us many reports of the alarm
felt in South America lest in our lust for conquest
and dominion we set about subverting first Mexico
| and afterward all the country southward until we in
■ elude among our colonial possessions the whole of
j Spanish America.
An alarm of the kind is so unreasonable the re-
I ports have been regarded in this country with mi
i difference and dismissed from consideration as idle
! rumors. They have now been repeated so often,
however, and come to us from so many different
sources that it is just as well for us to give heed to
them. It is true all such fears on the part of Mexico
or any Central or South American country are with
out foundation, but so long as any considerable num
ber of people feel them the effect upon the interna-
I tional relations between ourselves and our southern
| neighbors is bound to be great.
We desire the commerce of South America, and
trade, like kissing, "goes by favor."' The Euro
peans, who are our competitors in the markets of
Spanish America, will of course make use of every
possible appeal to prejudice to stimulate antagonism
to the United States for the purpose of checking the
consumption of our goods as far a? possible. In
that respect the rumors of a probable attempt at
subverting the independence of the South American
states may do a great deal of harm in more ways
than one.
This feeling of uneasiness among a people with
whom we desire friendly relations is one of the evil
results of the jingo boasting over the proposed policy
of commercial expansion by means of imperial con
j quests. Senseless in itself, that kind of talk has given
rise to senseless fears, and it may require years of
diplomacy to overcome the bad effects, which have
already become of no small magnitude. Folly at
home begets folly abroad, and out of the two there
come manifold injuries to the true interests of both
parties.
In reality every American knows the states to the
south of us have nothing to fear from our aggression
and everything to expect from our friendship. The
trade between the two continents of this hemisphere
ought to be large, and it is our duty to take the
initiative in making it so, and yet it is our own swag
gering imperialists who are giving occasion for the
fears which are engendering the South American
antagonisms of which we are now hearing so much.
THE DEADLY THIRD RAIL.
FROM reports that come to us from the East con
cerning the number of fatal accidents caused by
the third rail which is now coming into use on
electric railroads in that section it is evident that in
the new system of traction we have another of those
deadly forces which constitute a menace to civilized
communities.
Recently a track-walker on the Brooklyn Elevated
Railroad stumbled and fell, and as his body came into
contact with the third rail he was instantly killed.
Commenting upon the accident the New York
Tribune says: "The incident was a startling reminder
that this third rail, which is so useful, which looks sj
innocent and which is so accessible to the touch of
accident or thoughtlessness, is charged with lethal
energy so great that the slightest touch thereof is
death. In case of a blockade on the elevated road,
which is not an infrequent occurrence, passengers are
wont to leave a stalled train and walk along the tracks
to the nearest station. That formerly could be done
with safety. Now they must walk within a few inches
of a thunderbolt. The rail runs close by station plat
j forms, where one may easily touch it with the tip of
a walking stick, and where one accidentally slipping
down upon the track or getting down to recover some
object that had fallen thither would almost certainly
come in contact with it. Such are the perils on an
elevated road. On a surface road these would of
course be greatly increased and multiplied."
On this coast we have had no experience as yet
with the third rail system. It is only a matter of time,
however, when it will be introduced here, for it is of
great advantage in electric roads. It is as well, there
fore, for us to give heed now to the dangers that ac
company its use in order to guard against them when
any application is made for the right to use the sys
tem either in the cities or along country highways.
Efforts are now being made in the East to miti
gate the danger of the system, and doubtless good
results will be obtained. It is believed it will be prac
ticable eventually to use a rail which will carry no
electric charge save at the moment and the point of
contact with the car motor. Should that be accom
plished the third rail will be the best of electric sys
tems now known, but until that time comes it is best
to leave the dangerous third rail alone or else hedge
its use with the most stringent safeguards.
An official of the Agricultural Department is com
ing to this State to give our fruit-growers informa
tion as to the best means of cultivating the Smyrna
fig. and it will not be inappropriate to wish the State
ms«r give the nation many a fig for it in return.
Another submarine boat has been "successfully
tested," and it is possible she may be of some use in
war, but the record of other craft of her kind that
were tested with equal success is not encouraging.
HEBREW ORPHAN
ASYLUM FACES
A BIG DEFICIT
Ran $14,000 Behind
Last Year.
— « —
MEMBERS MUST CONTRIBUTE
■ ■ — , » . ,
I GOOD WORK DONE DESPITE THE I
SHORTAGE.
Annual Meeting of the Association
Held Yesterday and Ways and
Means for the Current
Year Discussed. .
«
The annual meeting of the Pacific He- |
brew Orphan Asylum f and Home Society
occurred yesterday afternoon at the ;
orphange gymnasium at Devisadero and !
Hayes streets. A number of the wealth
iest and most prominent members of the ;
association were present, among them A. j
Anspacher, Joseph Brandensteln, J. f
Stern, J. Greenebaum, Daniel Roth, Ben
Schloss, Lewis Meyerstein, Heny L.
Simon, N. Schlessinger, M. J. Sahlein and <
J. H. Neustadter.
The report of S. W. Levy, president of
the association, did not Indicate that the
institution was in as thriving a financial
condition as in years past, and an urgent
appeal was made for those who were in
terested in the association and Its good
work to give their spare time and efforts
to increasing the membership roll. Not- i
: withstanding that there was a deficit for
! the year of $13,991 79, the report of Su- ;
j perintendent Henry Mauser showed that
there had been just as much, if not more, .
good work done than in ay of the eight
years past. Concerning the membership
of the society, President Levy said in his |
report:
In my last annual report I stated that the ,
membership was 1325. Since then we have ad
mitted 25 and lost 94, leaving 1756 as our ■
present membership. Of those dropped from
membership 29 have ' died, 52 have resigned i
and 12 have been stricken from the rolls for ,
non-payment of dues. You will notice that j
the same Indifference to the cry of the orphans
and the wail of The aged was apparent lant
year as in years gone by. Of those who have |
died I can only say: "May their spirits nnd ;
rest and their memory be honored." j
Of the Old People's Home Mr. Levy re- I
ported as follows: "In my last report I ]
stated the number of inmates as 21 men
j and 13 women. Since that time we have
I admitted 7, discharged 1 and lost by
death 6, leaving at the present time 21 i
men and 13 women in our charge. j
The financial condition of the society he ;
summed up as follows: "Our entire in- \
come en which both the asylum and Old •
People's Home depend for their main- j
tenance, amounted to $28,197 53. This sum j
includes bequests, donations, interest,
dues and all other items received by the
society. For the past year the expense
of conducting the asylum has been $30,
--334 30 and the home $11,588 52, making a
total of $41,922 S2 for carrying on both in- |
stitutions. Added to this there is $266 00, ,
| caused by non-payment of dues, making |
I the total expenses of the sociey $42,189 32. ' <
Superintendent Mauser set forth the ,
i number of wards in the asylum as follows:
"On September 1, 1898. we had 151 chil
dren; 70 girls and 81 boys. During the
year 28 were admitted and 21 discharged;
leaving our number at present 158; 74 girls I
and 84 boys. Their ages range from 3
to 16 years, the average age being 9 years. J
The total number cared for during the
year was 179." r S-'C'i - ,
The annual election was not held, but
a nominating committee was appointed
and the directors will select the officers
some time.next month.
DEPUTIES AND VISITS.
Official Announcements Made by the
Grand Chief Companion of the
Forest of America.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Flora Ja- ,
cobs of the Companions of the Forest of ;
America has announced the following
named members of the order as deputy |
! grand chief companions for the current ;
! term: San Francisco— Mrs.. L. At wood of j
Robin Hood Circle, for Excelsior, Inter
Nob and Presidio circles; R. Rosenberg
of Loyal Circle, for Bay City Circle; Mrs. |
E. Michaels of Golden Era, for Diana; ;
M. Levy of Golden Era, for Golden Gate; •
Mrs. H. Worms of Bay City, for Lorely;
H. Kohn of Golden Gate, lor. Live Oak;
Mrs. J. Weissel of Live Oak, for Olym- |
pus; Mrs. M. A. Duke of Excelsior, for
Robin Hood; Mrs. J. Wishman of Excel- j
sior, for Mlzpah; Mrs. Z. Davis of Oak- j
land, for Golden Era; Mrs. M. Carroll of
Inter Nos, for Bonita; Mrs. R. Wolmar '
of Bay City, for Pride of the Forest; Mrs.
Emma Harrington of Inter Nos, for Palo |
Alto, and Miss E. Rappin of Diana, for \
Ferrucio.. Miss A. M. Crowley of Hamlet \
Circle, Alameda, for her own circle; Dr. ;
George F. Pache of Angels Camp, for
I Manzanita Circle; W. F. O'Leary of
Healdsburg, for Sotoyome Circle; Miss A. I
A. Montgomery of Kern, for Juanita Cir- !
cle; Miss Violet Barber of Lompoc, for j
Purisima Circle; Jcseph A. Bilhartz of
Marvsvllle, for Yuba Circle; Mrs. Mary |
B. Frost of Merced, for Chrysanthemum ;
Circle: Mrs. Vina May of . Nevada City,
for Freedom Circle; Miss A. D. Bremer
of Alameda, for Loyal Circle of Oakland; \
Mrs. Emma Danforth of Oroville, for i
Orange Blossom Circle; A. W. Horwege
of . Petaluma, for American Circle; Allen :
Mowrey of Oakland, for Santa Lucia Cir- j
cle of Salinas; Mrs. Annie ■ Hynding of !
i San Diego, for Silver Gate Circle; E. R. \
i Bacquie of San Jose, for Washington-La- I
! fayette Circle; Mrs. M. Zimmerman of
i Santa Ana. for Fidelity Circle; Mrs. M. \
' A. Coleman of Santa Barbara, for Ocean )
View Circle; John G. Dont of Santa Rosa, \
i for The Rose Circle; Miss Jennie A. i
I Howes of Sonora, for Sonora Circle;- Miss
! Minnie Friedman of Stockton, for Stock- '
ton Circle; James E. Cox of Watsonyille, ,
■ for Pa juro Valley Rose Circle, and- Mrs. I
Theodore Muegge of Woodland, for Mar- |
guerite Circle. ' .'
The grand chief companion has an
i nounced the following official visits: Sep- :
| tember 25, to Excelsior Circle, San Fran
-1 cisco; October 3, Inter Nos Circle, San '
Francisco: 10, Diana Circle. San Fran- ;
I cisco: 16, Manzanita Circle, Angels Camp;
18. Mother Lode Circle, Jamestown; 23,
: Sonora Circle, Sonora; 24, Stockton Cir
cle, Stockton; November 2. Golden -Era I
: Circle, San Francisco; 6, Sotoyome Circle, I
i HeaUlsburg; 11, Lorely Circle. San Fran- j
cisco; 18, Santa Lucia Circle, Salinas; 16, '
Pajara Valley Rose Circle, ' Watsonville; j
: 20, The Rose Circle. Santa Rosa; 27. Bay i
I City Circle. San Francisco; December i.
1 Presidio Circle, San Francisco; 5. Golden j
j Gate Circle, San Francisco; 12, Marguerite !
Circle. Woodland; 14, Orange Blossom '
; Circle, Oroville, and 15. Tuba Circle, i
i Marysville.
*-•-_•
CANDIDATES INDORSED.
The oldest politician cannot call to mind j
a duller political season than the present !
one. Tfce Democrats are discouraged over ■
the indifference of good men. The best
members of the party declare that they
have not time to serve on the Board of
Supervisors. So little progress has been '
made that the committee of seven will not '
be able to present an acceptable list of ;
' candidates to the convention next Tues
day evening.
The Republicans are still in quest of the
right man to nominate for Mayor. The
names mentioned are: John Bermingham,
t Horace Davis. George A. Newhall, Joseph
D. Grant and Charles W. Slack. Some
! pressure has been exerted to induce Henry ,
■ T. Scott to enter the race.
j The Thirty-ninth Assembly District del
egation met night before last and indorsed
Albert Heyer for Assessor, John Lack
mann for Sheriff and Frank French for
I Recorder.
I ■ — -,'.♦* ; ' ■ '-r.\
. "■. Valley Lodge Entertainment.
The semi-annual entertainment of Val- \
; ley Lodge No. 30 of the Ancient Order of j
i United Workmen in Union Square Hall I
last Thursday night was a gmnd success, I
as there was a large attendance of the
members and of their lady and gentle
men friends. Under the direction of M.
: J. Blackman, J. C. Sharp. L. Michelson
and J. L. Kotter the commissioners on
entertainment offered for the enjoyment |
' of all present a number of stereoptieon
| views thrown on the screen by Dr. T.
Eisen; specialties by Bert Van Cleve;
character songs. Miss Golda Harris: vocal
solo. Miss M. Mcdellan, and instrumental
, selections by the Graeber Mandolin,
! Banjo and Guitar Club of one hund^ d
1 members. This was followed by a pro
i gramme of fourteen dances.
WORDS OF PRAISE.
i Local Weather Office Complimented
by Chief Moore.
The officials In charge of the local
! Weather Bureau are in receipt of a highly
j complimentary notice from Willis L.
! Moore, chief of the head office in Wash-
I ington, D. C, regarding the efficiency of
I the service in this city. While appreci
ating the honor done them they are ear
nestly hoping that the words of . praise
are not the forerunner of anything seri
ous in the way of upheavals in office. The
letter is particularly flattering to Section
Official Alexander McAdie, who assumed
charge of the local office a few months
i ago. It is as follows:
j United States Department of Agriculture
Weather Bureau.
Mr. Alexander G. McAdie, Forecast Official
L and Section Director. San Franciscn, Cal.—
I Sir: The recent reports of the California sec
| tion, especially those for May, Jun? and July.
! contain a vast amount of climatological in
! formation presented In a most interesting
j manner, and I wish to say that the publica
• tions are a great credit to you and the force
at your station. The diagrams In the May and
July reports illustrating the rainfall at San
i Francisco and Sacramento respectively are
| especially Interesting. The plan of the illus
; tratlon will be readily understood by those
| familiar with the methods of constructing such
diagrams. WILLIS L.. MOORE.
Chief United States Weather Bureau.
I Work on the climatological report re
! ferred to, which will include the whole
' State, is now being rapidly pushed for
' ward, and the reports for Los Angeles
: and San Diego covering the rainfall dur
' ing the last fifty years will soon be ready.
Yesterday was a "scorcher" on the top
jof Mount Tamalpais, the thermometer
I registering 92 degrees, while it was as low
as 56 in this city, a difference of 46 de
grees. Professor McAdie is hard at work
i investigating the causes of this difference
'■ at higher and lower levels and expects to
' obtain tangible results in a short time.
— . •» •
REBEKAH LODGES ENTERTAIN
Pleasant Evening in Odd Fellows'
Hall— A Child Wonder at the
Piano.
Amity Lodge of the Rebekahs gave an
entertainment last night to its friends In
Odd Fellows' Hall and there were about
200 persons present to enjoy the pro
srramme arranged by Mrs. L. Zeigler, Mrs.
Josie Newell and E. Cook, the committee
on entertainment. There were recitations
)>y Mrs. E. S. Ciprico, humorous stories
by J. F. Gibson, specialties by George
Hammerschmldt. vocal selections by W.
J. Daly and fancy dances by Miss Veta
Leithe, after which there was dancing and
refreshments.
Templar Lodge of the same order also
had ;m evening at home to its friends in
its hall in the same building, at which
thore were present about 250 ladies and
gentlemen. Its programme, given under
the direction of Dr. Frank Ashworth,
Mesdamcs Mary Thomas. Winnie M.
Dowle and Julia Drees and Messrs. Car
son and Parker, included instrumental
music, fancy dancing, vocal selections and
specialties "contributed by Cecil Cowles,
1. .1 as Phiilips. Mr. Donnelly. Mrs. M.
Smith. Miss Shannabrock. Blanche Tre
lease. Francis Buckland, Robert Pluntah
and Mattie Luce. It was very enjoyable.
Piano soles by Cecil Cowles, only 6 years
of age. were a marvel of instrumental
music, the little one rendering popular
airs with perfect harmony and precision.
Dancing followed the programme.
« ♦ ■
Candidates Will Be Heard.
The Republican delegation representing
the Forty-second Assembly District will
meet to-morrow evening at the assembly
room of the Mills building. The delega
tion will be pleaseti to meet prospective
candidates at that time.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
A new type of torpedo boat for the
German navy has just been launched from
Shichan's yard at Elbing. It is 223 feet
in length. 9 feet draught and has a trial
speed of 36 knots. Until further improve
: ments suggest themselves this type will
j be the standard torpedo boat in the Ger-
I man- navy.
The Italian battleships Ttalia and T.e
panto, of 14.400 tons, are to be stripped of
their armor and converted into cruisers.
j The gain by removal of armor will be
utilized in coal stowage, and the new
bunkers, sixteen feet wide, will afford
! great protection to the machinery. The
Italia was built in 1880 and the T.epanto
three years later, and they were very
; speedy ships. Converted Into cruisers,
| their four 100-ton guns will be removed
and four ten-inch and a number of quick
firing six-inch guns will be substituted.
The Pallada. a protected cruiser of 6731
; tons, was launched August 27 from the
' new admiralty yard. Galierny Island. St.
j Petersburg. She is 416 feet in length. 54
. feet 4 Inches beam and 21 feet draft. The
machinery, triple expansion engines and
twenty-four Belleville boilers, is to de
' velop 11.610 horsepower, to give a speed of
! twenty knots, and the armament is com-
I posed of eight six-inch, twenty-four three
-1 inch quick firing guns and eight six
! pounders, and the vessel has also two
broadside and one bow torpedo tube. The
Diana and Aurora, sister ships to the Pal-
I lada, are still on the stocks at Galierny
! Island, although they were begun early
j in 1897.
The trouble with the British battleship
! Ocean has been discovered to be in the
! cracked high-pressure cylinder of the
l port engine, and extensive repairs and
considerable loss of time will be entailed
!at the dockyard. As the vessel has not
yet been accepted by the admiralty the
loss falls on the contractors. Few ships
in the British navy pass through their
trials without accidents or defects being
found in their machinery. In contrast to
this, it Is exceedingly rare that United
States vessels meet with accidents during
their trials or that defects of a serious
nature are developed, such being chiefly
confined to the torpedo boats, and these
are proportionately less than what hap
pens to British boats.
Peter the Great's first attempt to utilize
the navy he had built and organized with
so much trouble was a signal failure. The
first squadron was sent to sea In 1713 to
fight Russia's old enemy, Sweden, in -the
Baltic, and three Swedish vessels of in
ferior force were overtaken. During the
engagement the Russian vice admiral's
ship and that of the senior captain com
modore ran aground, and the junior cap
tain commodore failed to render assist
ance, and the Swedes escaped. For this
the two senior Russian officers were de
graded a-nd the junior captain commodore
I was sentenced to be shot. At the last
I moment, when the culprit stood blindfold
| ed awaiting thy volley from the executton
| ers, the! death .sentence was remitted, but
the fright he had experienced had upset
his reason, and he lingered but a few
years in Siberia, a mental wreck. The
! early Russian navy had many Scotchmen
I and Englishmen in it as officers, one of
I the latter, named Nelson, serving as cap
i tain, and was a member of the first court
• martial which gave the Russian officers
j a taste of naval discipline.
Germany has been rather unsuccessful
iin its earlier armored shipbuilding. Four
', second-class battleships, or rather coast
i defense vessels, built in 1878 and 1880,
i named Baden, Bayern, Sachsen and Wur
; temberg. of 7441 tons, were practically fail
ures, and had to be almost reconstructed
three years ago. The German navy also
possesses six coast defense ships of 3500
I tons of the monitor type, but having high
I unprotected upper works, which make the
; vessels unseaworthy and absolutely
I worthless as lighting vessels. They were
| built in 1890-1-2-3, and although rated at
: sixteen knots they are in reality slow
| ships. Their coal capacity is only 225
tons, and In order to remedy this defect
jit has been decided to reconstruct the
; Hagen, launched in 1893. It is intended to
| cut the vessel in two and put in twenty
five feet additional hull between the two
; ends, thereby increasing the coal-carrying
| capacity. The upper works will also be
j greatly reduced. If the plan proves a
I success with ;he Hagen the other vessels
! of that class, namely, Beowulff, Heimdal
Hildebrand, Frlthjoy and Siegfried, will
be similarly reconstructed.
SHOT THROUGH
A DOOR TWICE
AT HER LODGER
Warm Reception for
Schwebs.
TRIED TO FORCE HIS WAY IN
— • — —
MRS.LILLIE GRAY DEFENDS HER
HOME WITH A REVOLVER,
♦
She Is Arrested on a Charge of As
sault With a Deadly Weapon
and He Is Also in ,
Custody.
«
Mrs. Lillie Gray, a young widow living
at 462% Tehama street, created a mild
sensation in the neighborhood yesterday
afternoon by firing two shots through
a door at Charles C. Schwebs, who had
been trying to force an entrance into her
room. ".::!'
Mrs. Gray was left a widow about a
year ago, and as she was acquainted
I with the Schwebs family, Schwebs went
to live in her house to help her along. He
I has been employed as a tin-roofer for
nearly twenty years by Conlin & Rob
erts, on Mission street. Mrs. Gray and
Schwebs had reason to disagree lately
and she . got him to leave the house.
Early yesterday morning he went to her
house drunk and because she refused to
admit him he commenced to hammer at
the front door with the object of break
ing his way in. He was arrested, but
only a charge of "drunk" was booked
! against him and he was discharged by
i Judge Graham. . >
As soon as Schwebs regained his liberty
I he commenced to drink again and went
| in the afternoon to Mrs. Gray's house.
i She again refused to admit him and ho
I began to break in the door. Exasperated
! at hi% conduct she fired two shot from a
revolver through the door, both missing
him.
Schwebs, thoroughly frightened, ran
Into ..a saloon adjoining the house and
made his way to the rear, climbing to
, the roof. He ran over the roof, dropped
onto a shed in the rear of the house on
j the other side of the saloon and took
I refuge in the basement, where he was
I found by Policemen T. P. Riordan and
John A. Ryan, who had been notified of
the shooting. The officers placed him
j under arrest, and on hearing his story
I went to Mrs. Gray's house and arrested
| her. The revolver was taken as evi
l dence against her.
Captain Spillane ordered a charge of as
i sault with a deadly weapon to be booked,
j against Mrs. Gray and a charge of dis
-1 turbing the peace against Schwebs.
Schwebs declared with tears in his eyes
i that he did not want to prosecute the
} woman, as he loved her still, although
she preferred a soldier. He offered her
his hand in a friendly way, but she
scorned him and said she •wanted to have
nothing further to do with him.
"I only fired the shots at him," said
Mrs. Gray, "to scare him, as he had
I twice attempted to break in my door. I
i had no intention of injuring him. I had
not seen him for some weeks till ha
called in a drunken condition early yes
terday morning."
Mrs. Gray's boy, 4 years of age, was
I taken to the City Prison with his mother
and was placed in charge of the matron.
He was run down by a wagon recently
and Is still suffering from the injuries
he then sustained.
1 ! ! . . .
| POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL I
i|| SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready j
M; for mailing — postage 2c to all \
< ! points «? United States, Canada !
ft and Mexico, and 4c to all for- \
$ eign points. >
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. M. Brown, Sheriff of Humboldt
County, is staying at the Russ.
W. D. Graaff, a pleasure seeker from
Jacksonville, Fla., is at the Russ.
J. H. Barbour, on of the lading: busi
ness men of San Diego, is a guest at the
Grand.
H. M. Hall, a wealthy mining man of
Marysville, is among the recent arrivals
at the Lick.
J. W. Henderson, a banker and capital
ist of Eureka, is among those who ar
rived in the city yesterday and went to
the Lick.
D. J. Flannigan, a wealthy resident of
Humboldt, who is extensively interested
in the lumber industry, is in the city.
He is staying at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Fletcher, two prom
inent residents of Washington, D. C,
i have arrived in this city on a sightseeing
trip, and are staying at the Occidental.
Dr. Saneman and Mr. and Mrs. Gutman,
a party of travelers from Berlin who are
touring the United States on pleasure
j bent, are registered at the Palace, where
they arrived yesterday.
John D. Pope Jr., a popular society. man
of the City of the Angels, is a guest at
the Occidental. He is accompanied by his
wife. They have run up to the city on a
short trip for recreation. ».-: ;„ .-*, -.
—■♦«: . ;, . .
A Queer War Incident.
Speaking of these short rushes forward,
a queer thing happened at Guguinto,
where perhaps half of the soldiers in one
regiment found hens. Before there waa
time to kill the fowl orders came to go
forward. A little farther out the regiment
lay down under fire for some minutes.
I Then the order came to charge. Up nnd
i forward with a yell rushed the soldiers,
! but over the cheering rose another sound.
i Three or four hundred hens, objecting to
I being carried head down with feet tied to
j the strap of a haversack, set up a frantic
squawking such as was probably never
heard along a line of charging military
before. — Manila Correspondent in Leslie's
Weekly.
« ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit oOc per id at Townsend a. •
« ♦ «
Special information supplied . daily to
• business houses and. public men by the
I 'rests Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
-1 gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
«* « '
The British War Office has decided that
brown leggins. Instead of black, shall in
future be supplied to all foot soldiers of:
the regular army.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
; Has been used for fifty years by millions of
; mothers for their children while Teething with
! perfect success. It soothes' the child, softens
J the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle
*• •v■■ " " • ■•■ ■ ♦ ■ ■ .
Northern Pacific Railway
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to St
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. This
car Is nicely upholstered in leather and Is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect. Pullman
sleeping cars of the latest pattern on ev°ry
j train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all points
East. T. K. Stateler. Gen. A^f., 63S Market St.,
San Franrisco.
Cheap Rates.
September 29 to October 5 inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rates. Occasion, corner-stone laying
Government building and fall , festivities. Get
full particulars at 628 Market street.
» ♦ »
HOTEL,; DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. • Apply at 4 New,
' Montgomery street. ; San FranciscoOUR SOLDIERS
ARE VINDICATED
OF VANDALISM
— «. —
Father McKinnon De
fends Them.
— *_ —
INSURGENTS ARE TO BLAME
«
AN INTERESTING LECTURE AT
ST. BRENDAN'S CHURCH.
The First California's Chaplain
Praises Officers and Men in the
Philippines for Their Re
• spect for Religion.
•
The Rev. Father McKinnon, chaplain of
the First California Regiment, took occa
sion, in his lecture on "The Churches of
Manila" at St. Brendan's Church last ■
night, to vindicate the American soldiers
of the charge of looting the churches of
the islands, which has indirectly been laid
at their door. - Father McKinnon's lan
guage was positive and his praise of i
American officers and men unstinted. He i
Raid In part:
Aguinaldo and his followers, with th»
oath-bound organization to which they be
long, have no use for religion, and they
have Imprisoned ninny of the pastors of
the churches. It may not be out of place i
to say a word regarding the alleged looting !
■ad sacrilegious ration of the churches i
by our soldiers that we read so much about
in the dally, and especially the religious,
press. That the American soldiers are to
blame for the desecration I most emphati
cally deny. Every precaution was taken
during the campaign. A general order, read
ejght days in succession to every command,
was Issued by General Otis against it. I i
am proud to say every commander did his
best to enforce this.
I was with all the commands. I received .
strict orders to take whatever guard was
needed to protect the churches and was told
that I would be responsible for whatever
ration took place. What more could
a commander do? In most of the towns the !
churches were dismantled before our en- j
trance. In regard to the church at Caloo- i
can. i visited it some months before the ]
battle at that place and found It a veritable
fortress and used as such by the Insurgents.
This church the American shells demolished
to dislodge the Insurgents. The American
army has been unjustly criticized In this I
matter.
Father McKinnon Illustrated his lecture
with stereopticon views from photo
graphs which he took while on the Isl
unds. Th. lecture was full of interest
arid was heard by a crowded house. j
A BIG DAY PARADE
Minnesota Volunteers at the Circus
To-Morrow Night.
It was all cirrus last night. The down
town population was decreased by just
as many as could be crowded into the
seats that the Walter Main show people
have put up under their big tent at Six
teenth and Folsom streets. Th. entertain
ment bore out the promise that was made
on Saturday night in the bis street parade
and initial performance, and, as on the
first night, the Rough Riders and the ring
full of performing norses were the prin
cipal attractions, that will draw another
tentful of spectators to-night. Both the
matinee and the night performance were
the best that the Main troupe is able to
furnish, and both were equally well at
tended.
To-morrow night is to be Minnesota
nUht. Something like 1000 men of the
Minnesota regiment have been provided
with tickets and' will attend In a body. For
Wednesday another big street parade has
been arranged. It will start from the big
tf-nts at 9:30 o'clock in the morning, and
JmJjjing- from the line 'of march that has
been outlined it won't get back there un
til time for the afternoon show. . In that
parade the whole menagerie will partici
pate, every case will be open and every
attraction on exhibition. It will start from
the lot at Sixteenth and Folsom streets,
and will go down to East street, to the
ferry, then up Market to Kearny and out
to Pacific; down Dupont to Market again,
and out to McAllister, and then out L.ar
kin to Post. From Post it will go out
Polk to Jackson, then down Van Ness to
Hayes, then to Ninth and up Mission to
Sixteenth, when it will return to the lot.
It will be the biggest circus parade San
Francisco has ever seen, and with the at
tractions the Mains hold out it will be
well worth seeing.
• ♦ • :
HOSPITAL CASES FOR
THE CORONER'S JURY
NUMBER OF INQUESTS TO BE
HELD.
William Carr and William Flannigan
Were Treated for Alcoholism,
but Each Had Sustained
Fatal Injuries.
Inquests on seven cases •will be held at
the Morgue this morning. The subjects
are varied; and among 1 them are several
important ones. The two principal Inves
tigations to be held will be to ascertain
the cause of the death of two men, who
were found in dying conditions under
similar circumstances in the same neigh
borhood and on the same evenintr. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BpJRE
For All Who Suffer from
Skin and Scalp
Humors.
TV> successfully treat torturing and dlsng-
aring humors of the blood, skin, aud scalp,
with loss of hair, requires a humor cure, and
»ui-h is CWIWIHA Rkrolvext, greatest of
blood purifiers and humorpxpelllng remedies.
Cuticura Resolvent
Extends its purifying influence by means
of tho pores to the surface of the skin,
allaying irritation, Inflammation, itching,
and burning, and soothing and healing
external humors, because of its power to
neutralize himor-oerms which float in
the blood and circulating fluids. Hence i
Its success in the treatment of distressing |
humors of the skin, scalp, and blood, with j
loss of hair, which fail to he permanently
cured by external remedies alone.
Cuticura Resolvent
Exerts a gentle but constant influence
upon the bowels, liver, and kidneys, puri-
fying the fluids of these organs, and main-
taining them in ■ normal condition of
health, thus removing a common cause of
yellow, mothy, greasy skin, and more or
less of pimples, blotches, and blackheads.
Cuticura Resolvent
died on every occasion possible, with
CracußA (ointment) and Ccticuea Soap,
externally, is the readiest means of insur-
ing a speedy, permanent, and economical
cure, and realizing that greatest of human
blessings, " a skin without blemish and a
body nourished with pure blood."
Sold trtry where. Pric«, 50c. and il. Pottee Dt C
Co«P.,flol»Prop».,Botton. •• How to Cure Humori, Tree
OIUC VnilD Otflll H*nd» «nd Hair by uttpg
oAVE YUUK oivin ovSSmu swap.
BANNERS FOR THE GREAT JUBILEE.
Official Flags to Be Used in the Decoration of Buildings and Streets.
THK prize committee of the Odd Fel- ,
lows' golden Jubilee celebration has |
agreed to offer the following prizes >
during the celebration:
To the city subordinate lodge making
the best -bowing In the parade and hav
ing in line the greatest number of mem
bers in proportion to membership, the
Choice of a set of regalia for the six elect
ive officers, or « handsome banner, or $50 •■
til cash.
To the lodge from the interior that will j
make the best showing under the same
conditions as the city lodge will be '
ANOTHER WEEK OF
UNLIGHTED STREETS
FOR another weok San Francisco's streets at night will preserve the
pitchy blackness that has been their chief characteristic since the gas
company shut off the light? last Friday.
The profound jtloom is more than an irritating inconvenience — it is
a peril. us rat nace to the safety of the city's inhabitants. For six more
nights it will continue, and for six mon- nights belated pedestrians
will blindly start- at poles and fence corners in anxious expectation of meet
ing a lurking: footpad.
The most efficient police force Is powerless to cope with such conditions.
Thorough illumination is accounted by criminal authorities one of the most
potent aids to the arm of the law. However, as the city will not pay the bills
the company will not furnish the gas. Therefore not until the Ist of October
will the gas jets again twinkle cheerfully on the street corners of San Fran
cisco.
other cases are of murder, accident,
drowning and railroad disasters.
On the evening of September 22 William
Carr. a can maker, residing at S4.i Mission
street, and a soldier named William
Flannigan were taken to the city Receiv
ing Hospital in police patrol wagons for
medical treatment. Carr was picked up
on the corner of Sixth and Bryant and
Flannigan was found on the corner of
Fifth and Market streets. Both were un
conscious and died soon after reaching the
hospital. It appears, that no examination
\v:is made by the city doctors as to the
cause of their collapse, the victims having
been treated for alcoholism. When the
Morgue deputies arrived to take posses
sion of the bodies they were given to un
derstand that the agent of death in both
ces was alcohol, and it was so
stated in the death report.
On the following daj an autopsy was
performed on The remains of Carr. The
startling disclosure was then made that
the man had come to his death by a frac
tured skull and not from drink. This fact
was unknown to the hospital authorities.
When the body of Flannigan, who was
a soldier, was taken to the Presidio, it
was found that there were several clots
Of M-iod pressing on his brain and that
one of these had produced death. As in
the case of Carr the hospital physicians
did not know of their presence and calmly
allowed the man to die while they were
treating him for an overindulgence in
alcoholic stimulants. The cases will be
brought to the attention of a Coroner's
lury to-day and Detective Gibson, who
has been making an Investigation for the
police, will give his testimony.
An inquest will be held on the body of
Ixmise Schlegel, the young and unfor
tunat< domestic who was accidentally as
phyxiated by gas. The death of William
Kelly, who " was found in the hay last
week will also be Investigated. The mur
der of William Kennedy. wh.> was shot
by "Tack" Main in a Third-street sali>on,
will be called to the attention of a jury,
as will be the death of John E. Burke,
who was fatally injured In an explosion
on the transport Sherman last Friday
night. The last case is that of G. W. Wil
liams, who died in the Southern Pacific
Railroad Hospital from injuries received
in a railroad wreck in Nevada. He was a
LOtive fireman and was pinned be
neath a mass of wreckage in a collision.
FURNITURE DEALER
COMMITS SUICIDE
JJ. McMANT'R, who conducted a
furniture business at 916 Market
Street, committed suicide at 9
'(/(lock lasi night near the Haight
street gate of Golden Gate Park,
shouting himself in tho right temple
with an English "bulldog" revolver.
C. R. Sweeney of 240 Clinton place
and A. J. Walters of 140 Ninth Street
were near at hand at the time. At
the BOtmd Of the revolver they ran
down the south path leading to the
small lake not far from the Haight-
Btreet gate, and there saw ihe body
of the dead man lying on the con
crete pathway. There was a gaping
hole in the head, from which blood
was flowing rapidly.
Police Officer Mangan, attached to
the Stanyan-street station, was on
St.t i i van street, at the corner of
Haight. He also heard the report of
the revolver and notified Officer Fel
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1899.
awarded a similar prize.
To thf Rebi-kah drill corps there will be
awarded the sum of $160, to be divided
into throe prizes (should the three corps
appear in the parade), for the best show-
Ing and drill.
To the canton of the Patriarchs Militant
making the best showing and displaying
the greatest proficiency In drill at the Pa
vilion a tropay offered by the Grand En
campment, which will be in session dur
ing the celebration week, together with
flOrt In cash; to the second beat, a cash
prize of $150.
A trophy cup to the most tastefully dec
orated business house in the city.
ACTOR MARET HONORED.
Tendered a Testimonial Benefit by
His German Friends.
Henry Maret, the veteran actor, was
tendered a testimonial benefit and ball
last evening by his German friends at
Turner Hall. 323 Turk street. The occa
sion was in celebration of Mr. Maret's
sixtieth birthday and the fortieth anni
versary of his apenrancc on the profes
sional stage. The entertainment which
preceded the dancing consisted of an
original character sketch by C. A. Paul,
entitled "The Hunchback, or the Power of
Labor." The cast Of characters follows:
Yon Mahlow, tho owner of a machine fac
tory. Benne Htrsch; Carl yon Mahlow.
his son, Frank Kroll: ESmille, his «t. p
daughter, Elise Herten; Thomas, the but
ler, Gustav Kledlin; Ernest Herbig, a ma
chine worker. Max Schmidt; Marie, bin
sister. Neta Mailer; John, the hunchback,
Henry BCaret; -Mr. Faxren,, Kmil Kiesen
dahl yon Below, Carl Grosser; vop
Knapp. John Hauser; Emanuel Fuchs.
Joseph Stramm.
Music was furnished by Borgel's Or
chestra. The following ladies acted a?
the reception committee: Emma Gaubatz,
Bmilie Dusserre, Martha Biirthel. August*
Moebes, Margaretha Schutte, Frieda
Lunges, Marie Schutte. Lilly Nussbaum.
Frieda Gschander, Amalia Koester. The
floor manager was \V. J. G. Muhl and his
assistants were Joe Myer, William G.-r
--ken. Henry Hergmann, Alfred Fuerth,
Fritz Maret, R. Wagner, Daniel Frank,
Fritz Muhl, Joe Castor. Jacob Hilptseh,
Daniel Stieber and Charles Cryer.
Young Temperance People.
The Young People's Christian Temper
ance Union of San Francisco will hold its
regular business meeting this evening in
the Foung Men's Christian Association
rooms. Election of officers and other mat
ters of important business will be trans
acted. The members and friends are
urged to be present.
It is proposed to establish two univer
sities In Ireland— a Protestant institu
tion at Belfast and a Catholic one at Dub
lin.
d>r at the station. Feider went to the
place pointed out by Sweeney and
Walters, and sent for Dr. Gera of 825
Market street. When the physician
arrived afcManus was dead.
Near the place where the body lay
was a bench by the side of :he path
way. The position of the body
seemed to Indicate that McManus
had been sftting on the bench when
he fired the shot. 110 then rolled off
to the walk, dropping the revolver.
The weapon* waa found on the wal* a
few feet away from the body.
McManus resided at 712 Frnnklln
street. His wife was crazed with
grief when she heard that her hus
band had shot himself.
"I took n revolver from hi* pocket
}USt the other day." she said. "He
told me that be was dealing In them."
The ikad man had Deen Indulging
heavily In liquor of late and it is
probable that he took his life In a fit
of despondency. On June L'S he
pawned a gold badge, the ticket being
found on his person A note was also
found, scrawled all over the page. It
read:
"De-ar Mamma and Allie: I have
watched the train; good by. Dear
father and dear mother, good by. My
dear and loving wife, make a priest
out of my boy."
A prize of $50 will be awarded to the
subordinate lodge having the finest deco
rated booth at the Pavilion; or, if the
winner prefers, It may take a set of offi
cers' regalia.
To the best decorated Rebekah booth in
the Pavilion, a set of ivory, gold-mounted
gavels, or a cash prize of $50.
Past Grand Master Morris M. Estee has
been selected as the grand marshal of
the parade, and he will at once enter upon
the discharge of his duties.
The reports that have been received
during the past few days at headquarters
have been most satisfactory, and they
give assurance that the celebration will
COLORED MAN
TRIES TO KILL
A POLICEMAN
♦
Bloody Encounter in
a Saloon.
• , -
GEIMAN'S NARROW ESCAPE
— • ♦
HIS ASSAILANT MAKES AN AT
TEMPT AT SUICIDE.
♦
After a Desperate Struggle the In
furiated Man Is Subdued With
the Butt End of a
Revolver.
«
After slashing Police Officer Geiman
over the right eye last night with a |
razor, "Andy"" Campbell, a colored piano
mover, drew the blade across his own
throat, inflicting a serious wound. De
spite the injury Campbell fought viciously
J against arrest, and the officer found it
, necessary to beat him into submission
with the butt end of his revolver.
Geiman was patrolling his beat on
Grant avenue when his attention was
called to. Campbell, who- was standing in
front of a saloon at 205 Post street, nour
! ishing a razor and threatening to. carve
the first one who interfered with him.
The officer accosted Campbell and en
deavored to coax him to give him the |
razor. Campbell, after threatening to
j send Geimaii to the Morgue if he attempt- ;
I ed to disarm him, backed into the saloon.
. Geiman followed him and again tried to !
! Induce him to give up the razor.
With an oath the desperate colored man
; made a slash at the policeman, cutting
, him over the eye. Quickly drawing his ,
| club, Geiman struck his assailant over
the head several times, forcing him
against the wall.
Just then Campbell drew the keen blade i
of the razor across his own throat, in
flicting a deep wound.
Thinking that he was unable to further '
resist arrest, Geiman took out his hand
cuffs, intending to place them on the ne
gro's wrists.
"You ain't got me yet," screamed the
infuriated man, as he sprang at the officer i
and slashed at him with the blood-stained
1 razor. Fortunately Goiman. who is one j
of the most active men In the department,
got out of the way of the razor, and draw
ing his revolver proceeded to beat Camp- <
bell over the head with it.
With the assistance of several bystand
ers the officer finally subdued the mur
derous piano mover. He was then hand
cuffed and removed to the Receiving Hos- .
pital, where the wound In his throat was I
stitched by Drs. Cluness and Hopper.
Getman was also treated at the hospital.
His uniform was cut in several places, |
showing that the razor wielder meant
business.
On the advice of lieutenant Birdsall
the injured policeman caused a charge of j
an assault to commit murder to be placed I
against Campbell. v
J{a/£zAufiino
cheers and Invigorates, makes life worth : llv- I
lngr, enhances human enjoyment. Its superior
merit ts guaranteed, being made by the An
heußer-Uuf»eh Brewing Assn.
. ♦ ■ ■
FUNERAL OF ENSIGN COLEMAN.
Comrades Escort the Remains of the I
Dead Naval Officer tc the Ferry.
Tho funeral of Noah T. Cnleman, the j
ensign of the lowa who died last Thurs- j
day at the McNr.tt Sanitarium, took place
yesterday afternoon from the mortuary i
ch.-vpel of the Golden Gate Vndertakirg
Con.pany. Promptly at 3 o'clock Chap
lain Drown of the battleship lowa com- j
menced to read the service for the dead, i
As BOOH as he had concluded the com- i
rades and friends of the dead officer gath- !
ered around the bier to take a last view.
The lid was finally placed upon the casket
and six comrades carried the remains to
the hearse, where taps were sounded.
The naval escort, under the command
of Ensign Jensen, formed columns of j
fours, and the funeral cortege began its ;
march to the ferry, [mmealately after'
the hearse came the following officers '
from the Iowa: Captain Carmody, Lieu
tenant Holcomb. Lieutenant Lopez. Pay-'
master Ring. Dr. Cr and all, Chaplain j
Hrown ami Banner Charette. Following 1
the Officers was tho carriage occupied by
the father of the dead ensign. He is to
be sol>> companion of the remains of his
dead son to their last resting place in
New York.
The following sailors acted as pallbear- '
ers: Edward Mack, first-Class seaman;!
Thomas Hates, first-class quartermaster; '
Albert Moore, boatswain's mate; George !
Starr, flrst-dasa yeoman; E. Rowe. third- '
class quartermaster; Louis E, Bruce, gun
ner's mate.
Relativ:s of Regulars.
The relatives (if the Californlana enlisted
in the regulars of the Fourteenth,
Eighteenth and Twenty-third Infantry
Beginients, the Third Artillery, the
Fourth Cavalry and the Eighteenth and ■
Nineteenth Signal Corps held a meeting
Saturday night ai Balboa Hull, Native
Sons' building, and mad/> arrangements to ■
greet the boys "pen the arrival of the ,
City of Para. Tickets were Issued to all i
to po out on the steamer Caroline from i
Jackson-street wharf the moment the '
transport is sighted, badges were ordered
to admit relatives to the ferry nave, and
the ladies agreed upon to preside over the i
tables. The last meeting will be held this j
evening at the same place.
t
To Raise Funds for Charity.
A musical and literary entertainment
will be given Thursday evening at Met
ropolitan Hall under the auspices of the
I be the greatest success, from a fraternal
I point of view, that has ever been known
in this city.
Bay City Lodge of this city has signified
| its intention of parading, and It will intro-
I duce a number of attractive features.
The official flags for the celebration,
which were designed by L. G. Schord,
( hairman of the committee on decora
tions, have bom adopted by the executive
committee. They represent the four
branches of the order— subordinate lodge,
encampment. Patriarchs Militant and Re
bekah lodge. These will be extensively
used in the decorations of buildings and
along the line of the parade.
Young Ladies' Institute for the benefit of
the relief fund of the organization. The
institute has done much charitable work
of a practical nature and is deserving of
every encouragement.. It has taken a
prominent part in many public affairs and
has never hesitated in lending its assist
ance wherever good might be accom
plished. The programme for Thursday's
entertainment follows: Overture, Hynes'
Orchestra; vocal solo, W*. Ogilvie; selec
tion, Knickerbocker Quartet; soprano
solo, Mrs. Eva Tenney; recitation,
Thomas Hickey: address, Hon. James D.
Phelan; bass solo, Henry L,arsen; so
prano solo. "Our Flag." Madame E. C.
Roeckel. comic selections. \V. J. Hynes;
duet, cornet and flute H. Todd and L.
Burris; tenor solo, C. M. Elliott; overture,
orchestra.
AN OLD MAN KILLED.
William Phillips Struck by a South
• crn Pacific Train.
William Phillips, a native of Ireland,
aged 55 years, was found dead at 6 o'clock
yesterday morning at the crossing of
Ninth and Division streets. When dis
covered by Thomas Hughes, a special
officer belonging 1 to the Southern Pacific
Company, the body was lying alongside
of the : railway track with both arms
mangled near the shoulders, blood trick
ling from the ears and mouth. From the
position of the body it is evident that the
unfortunate had been struck by a passing
train during the previous night.
Phillips had been a resident of the sec
tion of the city where he was killed for a
number of years. He had been engaged
In looking after an old building- belonging
to Joe Shearer and lived in a portion of
the old shed for years. • ■-.":■ •-..•;
The body was removed to the Morgue
by Deputies Lacombe and Smith,
■ ♦ ■
NEW OPERA BY
H. J. STEWART
AT THE GRAND
It is gratifying- to hear that the man
agementfl of the various theaters are be
ginning to give local composer* an oppor
tunity to bo heard. The announcement
that Max Hirschfeld's errand opera would
bo produced at the Tivoli "before the close
of the present season is followed by the
statement that a comic opera by Dr. H.
J. Stewart will be presented at the Grand
Opera House some time next month, and
rehearsals will in all probability begin
this week. The opera is in the Spanish
style of music and the libretto is some
what bouffe. It consists of three acts and
Is said to be very catchy. Dr. Stewart
had an opera performed in this city some
years ago which was quite successful,
it ml no doubt this present work will be
expected with much interest.
Owing to a great demand for seats the
Tivoli management has found Itself
obliged to continue the grand opera season
Indefinitely. This evening "Martha" will
be given, with Thomas Green, the new
tenor, who appeared with the Castle
Square Opera Company last season and
scored quite a success. This lighter opera
will alternate with "Othello." which seems
to have captured the San Francisco pub
lic. An item of intense interest to our lo
cal musicians is the fact that among the
operas in preparation is Verdi's latest
work. "Falstaff," which made a tre
mendous hit in European musical circles.
It is said by many authorities that "Fal
staff" is the grand composer's best work
The concert given by Miss Grace Car*
roll in Oakland last Friday evening was
very successful. The young lady has a
very large voice, which will make a mark
for her after it has been fully cultivated.
It already shows many signs of rare tim
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[letter to MRS. PINKHAM no. 78,465]
"I was a sufferer from female weak-
ness. Every month regularly as the
menses came, I suffered dreadful pains
> _____________^ in uterus, ovaries
PERIODS OF \ were affected and
■*"*"**•*"* **■ had leucorrhoea.
SUFFERING I had my children
GIVE PL&CE very fast and it
m »jpg?.TjreMC» left me very weak.
TO REKIOSM& A year afro 1 was
OF JO taken with flood-
ing and almost
died. The doctor even gave me up and
wonders how I ever lived.
"I wrote for Mrs. Pinkham's advice
at Lynn, Mass., and took her medicine
and began to get well. I took several !
bottles of the Compound and used the
Sanative Wash, and can truly say, that
lam cured. You would hardly know
me, I am feeling and looking so well.
Lydia E. PinkharaV Vegetable Com-
pound? made me what I am." Mrs.
J. F. Stketcu, 401 Mechanic St.,
Camped, N. J.
How "Irs. Crown Was Helped.
i " I must tell you that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
more for me than any doctor. r
"I was troubled with irregular
menstruation. Last summer I began
the use of your Vegetable Compound,
and after taking t-.vo bottles, I have
been regular every month since. .1,
recommend your medicine , to all.'" —
Mrs. Maggie A. Baowx, West Ft.
Pleasant, N. J.
j^^mm rupture.
|a|TT/v- JtM USE NO MORE IRON
yaßJfeSgtyrjiflffSsy Hoops or Steel Springs.
M^^ESKBsBIZ~r Rupture retained with eaa«
■ >TH^*and comfort and thousands radl-
wrT- JW* cally CURED by - DR. PIERCES
% SB* Magnetic Elastic Trues. £7Call at
.. office or write for New Pamphlet
No. X.
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
bre. Miss Hilda Newman, who is now on
her way to New York, where she will en
ter upon a concert tour, convinced her lis
teners that she was fully equipped for her
responsible task. Giulio Mlnetti played in
his usual finished style, paying strict at
tention to technical difficulties and imbu
ing his recital with > vigor and expression.
His composition, "Le Regret," is a gem.
The musical event of the week will be
Hermann Genss' song recital at Sherman-
Clay Hall next Thursday evening. The
gentleman is an efficient vocalist as well
as pianist, and his reputation having been
established in Europe there is no doubt
as to the artistic treat in this affair.
ALFRED METZGER.
. ♦ . —
NEW STEAMER LINE.
Several transports will sail this week.
The Gfant will depart to-day for Manila.
The Sikh and the Rio "Will sail to-day for
Portland to take on board the Thirty-flfth
United States Infantry for Manila. The
Sheridan will sail next Saturday.
The coming to port yesterday of the
steamer Valencia started a lot of launch
es used for excursion purposes in her di
rection as she lay off Goat Island. The
boatmen reaped a harvest taking passen
gers to the Valencia and the lowa.
SAN DIKGO, Sept. 24.— The San Diego
Union will say to-morrow morning that
a new steamship line, in which San Diego
is Interested, will soon he operating.
Somo of. the steumers will i;un to Central
American ports and others will majce
monthly trips to the Hawaiian islands.
San Diego or San Francisco will be the
terminal point. The steamers will be run
in connection with the Santa Fe road. The
J. S. Kimball Company of San Francisco
will manage the line. Whether the ter
minal point will be San Diego or San
Francisco has not been decided. Three
steamers are on the stocks for the new
venture. One is ready to launch. The ves
sels will be the finest of their class ever
built on the Pacific Coast. The one near
ly completed is almost 235 feet long. The
speed capacity of all the fleet will be fif
teen knots. Two are building at Grays
Harbor and one is nearly completed at
Puget Sound. General Manager Nevins
of the Santa Fe is in the East, and he
may purchase two fast steamers there to
run between San Diego and Honolulu
alone, connecting with the Kimball line
for San Francisco.
The removal of the lightship from the
bar badly puzzled Captain Lewis of the
James A." Gftrfield, and may prove to be
a serious matter for others. The Gar
field last Wednesday was on its way from
the north with a cargo of lumber for this
port. In the midst of the fog the vessel
got into the breakers off the North Far
allon. Sheering off northeast by east,
Noonday Rock was cleared. After he had
passed the Farallones Captain Lewis
searched for the lightship, but found only
a buoy in its place.
The transport Leelanaw reported on its
arrival yesterday speaking the ship Ar
thur Sewall on Saturday. This is the
maiden voyage of the Sewall from Balti
more.
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
The crowds at the beach and the park
were large yesterday morning, but before
the hour arrived for the bands to play
and the fun in general to bog-In the fog
bank drfven landward by a chilling breeze
caused most of the people to seek, their
home?. A T ery few remained at the park
after the intermission in the musiral pro
gramme, and the beach was likewise de
serted about that hour.
Scorchers at the park pave the police
some trouble yesterday, and the police
reciprocated. J. W. Edmonds, J. A. Tay
lor, H. Berrar. Otto Koch, Frank Holland
p.nd S. J. Thomas were arrested for fast
riding and taken to the station. Each
was' compelled to deposit $20 ball before
his freedom was granted. All managed
' to raise the necessary funds and secured
their release.
As shelter is afforded, the fog did not
drive the crowd from «he Chutes, several
thousand people remaining- there during
the entire day. Adgie and the high div
ing act were the features of the day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M A tonic and a liquid food, |
■3 more nourishing than meat ft
}m , At grocers— soc a Ib. |
The <££. Hotels
The covered passageway connecting these
two immense structures places under one
management 1400 rooms, more than half of
which have baths attached.
Those who appreciate exclusive clientele,
perfection in cooking, efficient service, 1 and
dose proximity to business and amusement
centers can obtain these requirements here.
European plan, $1.00 up. American plan,
$3.00 up. John C. Kirkpatrick,
Manager.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invigorator anu Ner-
vine. -.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells oh Its own Merits. -
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS. : '
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE and HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
. AN OPEN AIR ATTRACTION.
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's Champion High Divers. 7
"ON THE FIRING LINE IN THE
PHILIPPINES."
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
1 Phone for Seats, Park 23.
SEE THE ■ 13 GIANT GALAPAGOS— ALL
' ' ALIVE. • . .-.
CONCEBTS AND &ESOKTB.
SUTRO BATHS.
-r— — OPEN NIGHTS ;
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 ■ P. :M.
; ADMISSION . 10c. . pHILDREN sc.
Bathing. Including Admission, 25c; children, 2oc.
ON ■■■ AND AFTER SUNDAY. OCTOBER 1,
THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT 6P. M. 
AMUSEMENTS.
Walter t. main's
3-Ring
Circus.
MENAGERIE !
RACING CARNIVAL!
' ROUGH RIDERS!
TO-DAY AT 2. TONIGHT AT 8.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM.
ALSO SUNDAY.
PRICES:
General admission -, 50©
Children 25c
Reserved seats ~00
Chairs in grand stand '2°
Seats In Vienna boxes $1.50
SALE NOW ON AT WILL & FINCK'S.
TODAY!
There are several very big special feature!
and attractions at the big, booming,
successful
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT THE PAVILION.
First— exciting amateur billiard tourna-
ment on stage No. '3.
Second— The juvenile cakewalks, fancy dances;
Tlster, the human catapult act; Miss Pearl
Hickman in Irish dances, etc., stage No. 2.
Third— Wagner concert, musical festival. Miss
Alice Raymond, Bennett's Band, stage No. L
Fourth— pigeon show in main aisje.'
Fifth— New programme In Filipino circus in
balcony; exhibit of Mrs. Hearst's university
plans in balcony; divers at work; Filipino
village and Dr. Burn in hourly lectures;
wireless telegraphy; Indian village and work-
ers; automobile; airship; fish tanks; MotTO
Castle- working machinery; Mexican carvers;
sculptors, at work; training school at. work,
in fact a hundred curios and Instructive ex-
hibits; free samples at twenty demonstrat-
ing pure food booths; a big day and nignt pro-
gramme.
TUESDAY League of Cross Cadets' night
WEDNESDAY.... .....Olympic Club night
DON'T OVERLOOK THE MECHANICS'
FAIR.
ADMISSION ONLY 2K CENTS.
COLUMBIA. TSssb
TO-NIGHT!
THIS HOUSE REOPENS WITH
MODJESKA
Assisted by JOHN E. KELLERD and a Com-
pany of Players Under the Manage-
ment of John C. Fisher.
6 NIGHTS THIS WEEK— MATINEE SAT.
A New Historical Play by Clinton Stuart, En-
titled,
MARIE ANTOINETTE.
ARTISTIC SCENIC PRODUCTION.
NOTE— Curtain will rise at 8 o'clock sharp.
NEXT WEEK— "Marie Stuart," "Macbeth,"
etc. ___________^^___
JENNIE • YEAMANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN, SEYMOUR & DL'PRER,
FREDERICK HALLEN & MOLLIE FULLER,
BRIGHT BROS., STINSON AND MERTON,
TERRY AND LAMBERT,
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
_ BAND.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ANOTHER SUPERB BILL OF GRAND
OPERA.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT
Flotow's Famous Opera.
"MARTHA."
First Appearance of MR. THOMAS GREEN.
"Martha" Repeated Wednesday, Friday Night*
and Saturday Matinee.
Positively Final Presentations of
"OTHELLO."
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
ALCAZAR ™
&
TO-NIGHT
AND ENTIRE WEEK.
The New York Lyceum Theater Success,
THE IDLER.
A Drama of Great Moral Strength Dramatically
Told.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK!
Roland Reed's Laughable Comedy,
♦'INNOCENT AS A LAMB."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
Fully Three Thousand People Unable to Gain
'Admission in the Last Two Nights.
Positively Last Week of Offenbach's Famouß
Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
DON'T MISS the glorious finale to the second
act— encored four times nightly.
DON'T MISS the beautiful white and silver
march >of beautiful girls.
DON'T MISS the best comic opera performance
ever given here.
Usual Popular Prices 10c, 15c. 2.* c. 35c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 20c.
• Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1599.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday,- Thur»«
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. :
" Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at : the entrance •. iii th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars ■at Seventh : and
Broadway, .Oakland. Also all trains vie Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenua
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, . Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last rac*.
. . THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
78
it/GSt
BOHE PROVES
A WONDER AT
UNION PARK
Romps Through the Open
Stake, Defeating Imported
Plough Boy.
J. H. Perigo's California-bred greyhound
Bohe, representing the best blood in this
Ftate, fairly romped through the open
Stake "at Union Coursing Park yesterday.
She defeated Sardonic, Metallic by a score
of f'iur points to nothing, Lucky Dog and
Plough Boy. She was favored with two
byes, the first an accidental one through
the withdrawal of Lord Byron, and the
Becond a natural bye. In the course with
Lucky Dog the latter led up, but Bohe
secured possession of the hare and out
worked her opponent.
The final course was a grand one, of
which the spectators saw but little, owing
to a heavy fog which obscured the field.
Bohe led from the slips by over four
lengths. The hare then turned back
toward the slipper's stand, where the dogs
worked it for some time. It then made
fur the escape, Plough Boy in the mean
time having possession of the game. The
spectators cheered both logs as they dis
appeared In the fog, and then stood peer
ing anxiously Into the mist to catch the
lirst glimpse of the flag signaling which
dog had yon. It was only a few moments.
but it seemed an interminable time, until
riag Steward Grlswold came galloping
across the field like one of Roosevelt's
Hough Riders, displaying the red nag de
noting victory for 80l
1' J Reilly's Plough Boy proved himself
a great greyhound. He was unfortunate
in having two undecided courses with Kid
McCoy before lie finally disposed of him.
Primrose beat Master Clair by IS points
to 12 Master < 'laii lost five pounds in
weight; owing to a severe course on Sat
urday Tlu 1 management allowed no oet
•ting "on the course, and the suit justified
thi-ir judgment. October Woodcock beat
Wine West by 12 to 2; Morning Glory beat
Lord Scattercash by 8 to 2; Magnet beat
Old Glory by 5 to 3; Lord Byron beat
O'Hara 1° to 9: Lawrence beat Hadiwist,
16 to 5; Lucky Dog beat St. Michael, 15 to
9; Short Over beat Beau Peep, 8 to 0;
Sweet Emma beat Lexington, 3 to » 2;
Plough Hoy beat Juanita. Hi to 2; Kid Mc-
Coy beat Magnesia. i to 1; October \\ pod
cock beat Primrose. 7 to 0: Athenia beat
Morning Glory, 12 to 0; Maori Land beat
Sara 3ti to 17; Lord Byron beat ' ; , r /' en
Valley Maid, 'M to 4; Lawrence beat Ever
Shore. 17 to S. The detailed results of the
running follow:
Open 'take— J. McCormlck's Primrose beat
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master Clair: J. Den
nis' October Woodcock beat J. Kennedys Wine
West \enei-i Kennels" Athena best J. Keen
an's Royal <>ak; J. J. Edmunds 1 Morning Glory
beat T. J. McEldowneya Lord Scatten-ash; Ed
Wilson's Magnet beat G. J. Panarlo's Old
Glory; G Sharman's Wait a Little b-.-at Han
& Smith's Magic; D. J. Henley's Maori Land
beat Bartels Bros.' Winning Style; R. E. de ß.
L-ii-ez' Sara boat J. Keenan's .: Buck; Pa-
Bha Kennels' Metallic beat H. A. Deckelman'e
prince George; J. H. PerUfo'a Bohe beat A. C.
Bradbury' a Sardonic; E. & H. Scott's Lor By
ron beati D. J. Healey*a O'liara; It. E. de B.
Lopez' Green Valley Maid beat D ':'■-: s Bo
r.lta- H A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat A.
M&ssey's Hadiwist: J. Kennedy's Ever Shore
beat W 11. Jones' Prince Jerome; Gus Videau's
Right Bower beat J. Byrne'.- High Time; J.
Shaw's Lucky I>og beat J. P. Thrift's St.
Mlehaet; J. O'Dowd'B Shoot Over beat T. J.
Harrington's Beau Peep; E. M Kellogg's Sweet
Emma beat H. Lynch 1 s Lexington; Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist beat J. Sepgerson's Can
rielaria; J. Kerrigan's Conqueror beat Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma: P. J. Reilly's
Plough Boy beat 1). Ford's Juan .E. M. Kel
logK*S KM McCoy beat Ed Wilson* Magnesia.
Second round-^October Woodcock beat Prim
rose; Athena beat Morning Glory; Wait a Lit
tle beat Magnet; Maori Land beat Sara; Bohe
beat Metallic; Lord Byron beat Green Valley
Maid; Lawrence lv>at Ever Shore: Luck] Dcg
beat Right Bower: Sweet Emma beat Shoot
Over; Lady Emma beat Sleety Mist; Plough
Boy beat Kid McCoy
Thin! round— Atli-na heat October Woodcock;
\Valt a Little beat Maori Land; Bohe ran a
bye; Lucky Dog beat Lawrence; Lady Emma
beat Sweet Emma; Plough Boy ran a bye.
Fourth round— Athena beat Wait a Little;
Bohe beat Lucky Dog; Plough Boy beat Lady
Hrnnia.
Fifth round— Plough Boy beat Athenia; Bohe
ran a bye.
Final round— Bono beat Plough Boy.
D. B. Lk>n of the coursing firm of Erwin
& Lion, Sherman, Texas, was an in
terestetd spectator at the park yesterday.
lie is a lk-utenant In the Sixteenth United
States Infantry, and Is now on his way to
join his regiment in Manila. The Ameri
can Waterloo will be run at Dallas, Tex.,
In October. John Grace was invited to
act as "judge, 1 but was compelled to de
cline owing to his duties here. Basil
Hay man of Chicago will be in the saddle.
About twenty dogs will be Bent from
hcTP, the strongest kennels to be repre
sented being those of J. H. Rosseter and
Robert Malcom.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
inr.nomara. wr.o nas won fo many
:ii lasi 1: • yesterday from
LJly of the West, a promising young
bitch. Old form players had been pre
dlcting that the Lily would be a bread
joon as her trainer rounded i
her Into form, and yesterday she made
ndid performance bj defeating & dog
of the class of Connemara. Bhylock Boy!
was In splendid tettle and remained In
take until the third round, when he
was defeated t>y B< übrette. In his first
terday he defeated Flora Me
. Lgering 3 to 1 against
him.
Lady Herschel, the property of Allen &
Wilson, died yesterday from the effects of
md long course she ran
on Saturday! The results yesterday were
as follows:
Open • round T. Mclnemy'a John
nie 1; beal !■:. Baumelster't Warrtor; A. John
• 1 1 .1 1 [ealy*a Am
ell Bros.' Senorita beat J. Dean'a
T. J Mi [nernj 1 Tommy [
indy *t Smith 4 ! Twin City <iiri;
D. j. H R . ■■■ Gold beal E. M. Kellogs'fl ;
Ui.ly Oilmore; H. a. Deckel man' a Flyaway
■■. Curtii k
beat' J. < Imrtti a'» 1 lolly Var
- Cash beat J. Dean'i Moon
. Bj n.<-« 1 ■ I■■ a IE. Coffin' a
tin Boy: E. D. Fallon'a hily ol the West
P. Julian's Sweet Music; A. Jobnson'aj
D. Cronin'a Swlnnerton; Lowe]
A: Thompson's St. Oran beat T. klclnerny** I
Norah; Handy & Bmith'a Victor beat L. Wig- I
.': T .1. Mclnerny'i Resina X beat
\V. H. Bear's Fui I Blad Pattl
beal I». J. He ilj a Maggie N . T. .1. Mriiußh'a !
Empress beat T. .1. Cronin'a Thornhill; Seioine
£ Dalj - 1 - Shylock Boy beat Lowe A Thomp-
Bon'a Fiora McDonald; n. a. Deckelman'a
Snapshot beat Jamet Hurley*i Star of Cuba; D.
n's Boubrctte beal a. Johnson' a Tod
me beat J- Hun
irley'a Lticretla Itorgia
beat W. C. Glaaaon'a Joy Bells; James Dean's
> A Flore'a 1 tooa^as;
A I it n X- Wlls< n'a Hiss Penman beat
I". Brov 1. 1 .-'•■ •• ' Briar.
md Mountain Re;!iit> beat John
rita beat Amarosa; Rusty Gold t"-at
Tommy i;.\; Flyaway beal McKinley; Cash
leven Sp.t:: Lily of the West beal Bald
it si. <ir:in; l:.-nina R beat
Black Pan.; Bhylock Boy i»-at Empress; Boa
beat Snapshot; Lucfetla Horgia beat
Pastime; Connemara '."■•■it Ulsa Penman.
Third round- Mountain Beauty )••-,:< s.-norlta;
Rusty Gold ran a bye; Lily of the West beat
Cash; Refftna It beal Victor; Soubrftte beal
Bhylock Hoy; Connemara ran a bye on aocc^unt
.■ • 1 '. retla Bors;ia being withiirawn.
Fourth r Gold 1 .»-;• t Mountain
. Lily of the Wesi ln-at Keplna R; Con
pa 1 Boubrette.
Fifth roun.l- Lily of the W.st beat liusty
Gold: Connemara ran a bye
1 !!■'■ \\'t-<t beat '• 'nncmam.
FOREIGN CRICKET TEAM.
Boyal Devotee of the Game Brings
Over an Eleven.
NEW YORK, Sept. 24.— 0n board the
Cunard lire steamer Etruria, which ar
rival to-day from Liverpool and Queens
town, were Prince Kumarshi Ranjitslnhii
with eleven cricketers, viz., B. J. T. Ros
t, <;. Brann, a. L. j.ss.:p. a. c
Jtaelaren, A. Priestley, Mr. Robertson, C.
Robinson, A. It. Stoddacd, C, L. Town
.«<-n<l. S. M. J. Woods and Barton, the pro
fessional cricketer.
A committee r< presenting the Associated
Crickets Elevens of Philadelphia was at
th<- pier to welcome the visitors, and the
entire party Immediately took a train for
Philadelphia, where the first games will
be played. After these they will play at
Livingstone, Staten Island.
Spotting Svents from All Over the World.
SACRAMENTO
AND OAKLAND
BREAK EVEN
Harvey Found for Bunches of
Kits — Morning Game
Taken by Senators.
Oakland 8, Sacramento 3.
The baseball game yesterday afternoon
at Recreation grounds resulted in a
victory for Oakland because the Dudes
untwisted Harvey's shoots and curves,
not because of . their general playing.
Seven 'errors of the refulgent order wer.e
committed by the Brummels, but their
stick work was of such brilliancy that
even Cal Ewing has forgotten all about
them. Three two-baggers and a bunch
of singles were all the Dudes did to Har
vey. The crowd, which was about the
largest of the season, was happy In the
extreme.
Umpire William Long was again upon
the scene. He has not improved in the
discernment of a ball from a strike or a
baseball player from a section of Recrea
tion Park air. The spectators helped to
persuade him of this before the game was
finished.
Sacramento took a winning stride at
the beginning of the game. Mclaughlin
found a safe resting place at the first
bag when Schmeer fumbled his hit.
Harvey was given a base on balls and
O'Connor collided with the ball, tilling
all three bags. Eagan hit to Schmoer,
who threw the ball home, thus forcing
and retiring McLaughlin. Hammond.
In an attempt for a double, threw wildly
to first and Harvey scored. In the next
Inning Oakland tied the score by sending
Schmeer across the plate. He earned his
way to first by a hit. went to third on a
hit to center from Moski man's bat. and
scored on Harvey's fumble of a hot ground
ball which Borchers swatted. The score
was thus tied, and so it remained until
the end of the fifth.
Two runs were added to Sacramento
score in the sixth. Harvey went to first
on an error of Dunleavy and Schmeer
allowed O'Conner to emulate Harvey.
Then came Eagan, who punished the ball
for two bases, scoring Harvey and O'Con
nor. In this inning Dunleavy, who made
first on the forcing out of Donovan at
second, scored on Lance's deep center hit
for two bases.
In the seventh the Dudes caught Har
vey on the right spot. Four hits and
four runs were the net products of the
discovery of Harvey's curves. Hutchin
son was sent to first and scored immedi
ately after on Hammond's two-base hit.
Hardie whacked the ball out to center
and Hammond scored. Then came Dono
van for a single and 1 unleavy for a
double, which meant the scoring of Hardie
and Donovan, to the great chagrin of
Sacramento's pride. In the following
inning four more hits were worked off
Harvey, but this time they netted but
two runs, made by Borchera and Hutch
inson. t<
Borchers pitched a remarkably good
game, striking six men out and allowing
but four hits. The prettiest fielding work j
of the day was a sensational stop by
Schmeer, putting one runner out at sec
ond and doubling the man going to first.
The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AH H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln. If 4 0 10 2 0 0
Harvey, p 3 2 0 0 12 0
OTonnor. lb 2 1 0 0 11 1 0
Eagan. B. 1 4 0 2 12 10
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Doyle rf 4 0 0 0 0 0.0
Shanahan, cf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 |
Stultz 2b 4 0 0 0 3 5 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 10 0 3 jl i
Totals 33 3 4 1 24 11 1
OAKLAND.
• AD. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson, lb 3 2 0 0 9 0 0
Hammond, c 5 12 0 8.1
Hardie. rf 4 12 0 2 0 i)
Donovan, of 5 14 0 10 0
Dunleavy. 2b 5 1113 11
Law. 3b 4 0 10 10 i|
Schmeer, s. 8 4 112 3 7 2
Moskiman. If 3 0 10 0 0 0
Borchers, p 4 110 0 2 1
Harper, cf 0 0 o _<>' ft .J> _*
Totals 37 8 13 3 27 12 7
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 100002000-3
Base hits 00 o'oo2ll 0-4
Oakland o 1 000142*— 8
Base hits 12 0 0 0 2 4 4 «-13
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Harvey 8. Two-has?
hits— Eagan, Hammond, Dunleavy. Lange.
First base on errors— Sacramento 6. Oakland I.
First base on called balls— Sacramento 3, Oak- ;
land 2 Left on bases— Sacramento 5. Oakland |
10 Struck out— By Harvey 5, by Borchers 6.
Hit by pitcher— Hardie, O'Connor. Double
playß-^Cinleavy to Hutchinson. Schmeer to
Hutchlnson. Time of game— Two hours and
five minutes. Umpire— W. Long. Official
scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 3, Oakland 1.
At no time during the morning game at
Oakland were the dress suit case-packers
of. Broadway in the running. For seven
innings the wise politicians of the capital
city, led by Doyle, held them off the
bases, and they did not get a single tally.
in the eighth Lange crossed the plate for
the Dudes, but as Sacramento was jubi
lant in the contemplation of three runs
before this" period the sole successful ef
fort of Oakland did not shatter the gla
cier.
The run made by Lange in the inning
before the last was due to a succession of
hits which the Dudes made in one, two,
three fashion. This was the only time
Doyle of Sacramento was found, and three
singles were made off his delivery. Stef
fanl pitched a good game also. The Sac
ramentans played in championship form,
all but the stick work, and that was not
up to their usual standard. • The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 0 0 12 I\o
Hammond, c 4 0 0.0 6 11
!!;:;^n r cf ::::::::: % \ % i S I
Dunl'^T. lb 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
I:\--rVv:::::::: 3 1 1 1 I I 1
Schmeer. s. s 3 0 1 0 0 5 2
Moskiman. X 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Stoffanl P 3 0 1114 0
lorchers P «1 _0 '1 1 - 1 -
Total? 31 1 4 2 27 16 5
•Borchers batted for Donovan in ninth inning.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
I Mclaughlin. If 4 10X400
Harvey rf 5^00300
O'Connor, lb 4 0 2 1 11 1 0
Eagan. f>. s S 111111
Stanley. C * J J ° 4 J 0
Doyle |. 4 0 0 112 0
Shanahan. cf 4 » l 0 3 0 0
Btultz, 2b 4 2 2 2 2 3 2
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 _£ _f J9 _£ _£
Totals 36 3 7 4 27 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-1
. Base hits ....0 0 0 0 0 0 13 0-4
Sacramento l 0000200 0-3
Base hits 1 0011400 o—7
SUMMARY. .
Runs responsible -Steffanl 2, Doyle
1 Two-base hit— En pin. Sacrifice hits—Har
vey McLaughlin. First base on errors—Oak
land 1. Sacramento 4. First base on called balls
Sacramento 2. Left on bases— Oakland
3, Sacramento S. Struck out— By Steffani
D by Doyle 4. Double play--Hardie to Lange.
Time of game — 1 hour and 55 minutes. Umpire
—William Long. Official scorer— H. S. Me- j
Farlin. __ 1
. *
Santa Cruz Men Lose.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 24.— San Francisco
won the "baseball game with the local
team this afternoon by a score of 9 to
6. Santa Cruz had the game practically
won in the fourth inning. Andrews then
lost control of the ball. The visitors
made four runs, following with three
more in the next inning. Whalen was
then put in to ,-tch, but it was too late to
save the day. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
nrockhoff. s. 8 5 1 1 0 0 6 0
HUderbrandt, cf ... 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 1899.
DANCED AND MADE MERRY AT THE
BUTCHERS' OUTING AND BARBECUE
Striking Features of the Benevolent Butchers' Picnic.
ACCORDING to one of the "swagger" set, the last hop
of the picnic season given in Sunset Park. Santa
Cruz Mountains, yesterday, was strictly au fait.
The occasion for the outpouring of southside soci
ety was the annual outing and barbecue of the Journey
men Butchers' Protective and Benevolent Association.
That it was a genuine success will be attested by nearly
a thousand merry-makers who participated in the day's
pleasures. Only one tight marred the festivities, but this
was so speedily fjuel'.ed by alert deputy sheriffs that few
dii the grounds were aware of it. One of the participators
in the brawl afterward admitted to his friends that a
"guy" tried to steal his girl and he simply emphasized
his right to monopolize her dance programme by "hand
ing" him one.
The barbecue proved a taking feature of the picnic.
Jovial Ben Davis, the lord high chef, and his humble as
sistants, F. C. Dana. Charles Rosenberg, Joe Williams
and "Harry" Bar, were on the scene the night before,
and whin the two sections of passenger cars rolled into
the picnic grounds at noon everything was in readiness for
the guests. Choice ribs and loins of beef had been prop
erly broiled, and pitchforks were used to remove the ap
petizing meat from the novel oven to the tables, to be
Kni*. 2b 5 2 3 0 3 5 0
Sullivan, c 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
Courtney, lb 4 12 0 14 1 0
Arrelanos. rf 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Riley, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 2
{•"„■: ii ■..::: 4 02^300
Fltzp'atrick. p 4 _1 J _0 _0 J. ,_0
Totals 37 "7 14 0 27 16 2
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2b 5 2 2 0 0 0 0
Babbitt, B. 8. & p... 2 0 0 112 0
I*vereaux, 3b 3 2 1 1 0 2 0
Prennan. cf 4 I^o2oo
Clark, rf 5 1 2 0 1 0 1
Strieb, lb ii : i: : i: 5 0 2 1 9 0 0
falrymple. If ft s. s. 4 0 0 0 3 1 0
Morrow, c :::::::::: 4 0 10 6 3"
Andrews, p 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Whalen, p& If _1 _0 J> J) j! J. _0
Totals 35 6 9 3 24 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0^43200 '-9
L B Xc h r l u s z ::::: o° ? 5 8 *="
Sa Batehus .::::::::::;.4 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 0-9
SUMMARY.
Earned runs-Santa Cruz. 4, San Francisco
7 Three-base hits-Krug, Hilderbrandt. Brock
hoff Two-base hits -I ►.-%.. Clark. Krug,
Hilderbrandt. Brockhoff. First base on errors
— Santa Cruz 2. First base on called balls-Off
Andrews 5 off Fitzpatrick 4. Left on bases-
Ba^S Cruz 8 San Francisco 7. Struck out—
Iv Andrews 4. by Fitzpatrick 3. Hit by
riitcher-Devereaux. Andrews. Time of game
-1:4 5. UmDire-J. O'Connell. Official scorer-
H. Fielslc
EACH TEAM THE
WINNER OF A GAME
NATIONAL LEAGUE - STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L Pet
Brooklyn .-..91 40 .635 Chicago .....TO 65 .518
PhlladelpMa 88 51 •** Louisville TO .4tt
Boston -82 s3 ■ 60T I'lttsbun? ..«•■> -2 .4i3
UaTtimore 7* M Ml »•*» Y0rk... 53 78 .404
St £uN 7S 60 M 5 Washington 49 SB .363
nnci^natV::-* M .S.orieveland ...20 124 .138
CINCINNATI. Kept. 24.— Cronln was pounded
unmercifully In the first game and Chicago
walked in Mertes sent the ball over the cen
terfleld fence twice. Callahan wag hit even
harder than Cronin In the second game which
was called on account of darkness. Attend
ance, 9206. Score, first game:
Clubs- R K - **• E
Cincinnati » " *
Chicago " l M *
Batteries— Cronin and Peitz; Griffith and
Chance. Umpires— Day and McDonald.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R - **• E
Cincinnati l \ » °
Chicago • l » l
Batteries— Hahn and Kahoe; Callahan and
Donahue. Umpires— 1 Day and McDonald.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 24.— Louisville beat St.
Louis and Cleveland in a double-header to-day.
The St. Louis game was Interesting from the
outset and the batting on both sides was hard
and opportune. There were also some sensa
tional plays afield. The Cleveland contest was
dull and there never was any doubt about the
result. The second game was called at the
end of the seventh Inning. Attendance 11,300.
Score, first game: 9
Clubs— R- H. E.
St Louis 6 9 4
Louisville • 7 9 i
Batteries— Powell and O'Connor; Waddell and
Latimer. Umpires— Latham and Connolly.
Score, second game :
Clubs— R- H. E.
Louisville • •• 5 6 2
Cleveland VI 6 1
Batteries— Cunningham and Ztmmer: Harper
and Sugden. Umpires— Latham and Connolly.
GOOD ENTRY LIST.
Louisville Driving and Fair Associa
tion Promise Good Sport.
LOUISVILLE. Sept. 24.— A1l entries are
completed for the fifth meeting of the
Louisville Driving and Fair Association,
which begins Monday and continues ar
week. There are four races each day,
and during the meeting $40,000 in purses
will be distributed. All of the crack trot
ters and pacers which have gone on the
grand circuit are now here. The principal
events of the meeting are the Kentucky
Matron stake, $7000, for three-year-old
trotters, in which there are seventeen en
tri.s; the 2:08 pace, for J2OOO, in which
Sally Toler (2:O6Vi). Indiana (2:07%), Hal
B (2:04»4), Lady of the Manor (2:04 1 4», Ar
lington (2:07) and Nieol B (2:08^) are en
tered. These two events are down for the
first day.
The Douglass stake, on Tuesday, for
i carved into sandwiches and dispensed to all who would
partake. The meat was so tempting that everybody ate
heartily, and the men in charge of the counter were kept
busy all the afternoon nerving the crowd.
Then was not a lull in the dancing. Throughout the
afternoon the waxed floor of the spacious pavilion was
crowded with devotees of the light fantastic, who glided,
bopped and pirouetted to such soulful and exhilarating
melodies as "She Is More to Be Pitied Than Chlded,"
"How I Like to See My Poor Old Father Work." "When
Dewey Comes Marching Home" and other popular songs.
R. C. Dunbar, who acted as floor manager, was given that
distinguished honor because he was the only member of
the association who was a member of the California vol
unteers. He was ably assisted by Frank Krauer, H. F.
Schwab, Ben Osswald, Morris Marks. Arthur O'Reilly
and J. J. Shepston. All the ladles were attired in light
outing dresses, which contrasted very nicely with the
vari-colored shirts of the men, who, mindful of their own
comfort, discarded their coats and vests.
At 5 o'clock the picnickers left the beautiful grounds,
and another pleasant event had passed into the memory
of those who attended.
Jf/tOfl. for 2:12 trotters, oligitile May &, is
to be one of the star events. Peter the
Great (2:07%), Sarah S (2:09). Charley Herr
(2:lu. Dr. L.cc (2Mis, Tudor Chimes (2:12) ■,
am I several others are entered.
In the free-for-all pace on Thursday
Searchlight (2:02). Anaconda (2:03) and Di
rectly (1:03%) are entered. During the
meeting Humps will go against the wagon
record of Joe Patcnen (2:')4 l i'»- Altogether
there are 386 entries in all the events.
SHAMROCK'S CREW RESTS.
No Work Done on Sunday by Either
the Men or Officers.
NEJW YORK. Sept. 24.— The Shamrock
and her consort, the steam yacht Erin,
lay quietly at their anchorage within the
Horseshoe to-day, the Shamrock's crew
enjoying a full day of rest and bracing
themselves for the hard work before j
them. Sir Thomas also spent a quirt day.
devoting his time to his c<>rresi>ondenee
and to the entertainment of a few friends
who spent the day on board the Erin.
The big gaff, which was broken in one
of the tests of last week, has been re
paired and was shipped Saturday night
after tho Shamrock's return from her ex
traordinary performance of that day.
That spar will be in place when the chal
lenger goes out to-morrow fur another
test of speed. Weather favoring, the trial
will be a fifteen-mile beat to windward \
and return. Only a few more days re
main in which thf> Shamrock can be tested
and "tuned up" and. realizing that fact,
Sir Thomas has decided that no more op
portunities can be neglected and he means
to make the best use of the little time
that is left. The yacht will probably be
given a spin to-day and to-morrow, and
on Wednesday it is likely that she will be
placed in the drydock and the under
water section given a thorough cleaning.
After she come out of the dock she will
probably be tested every day. save Sun
day and the day on which she will be
measured, the date of which has not yet
been decided.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
Anna Held Wins Puppy Stakes, With
Lucy G Second.
STOCKTON. Sept. 24.— The Interior
Coursing Club opened the season at the
new park at Goodwater Grove to-day to a
large attendance.
Anna Held won the puppy stake, Lucy G
second, Sarah Gold third. Sunolite and |
Wild Lassie divided first and second j
money in the open stake on account of
darkness. Woodbine third. In the match
race between Forget Me Not and Better
Than Gold the former won in two straight
heats.
■ ♦ ■ —
GOOD MATCH SECURED.
Terry McGovern to Box George Dixon
Twenty-Five Rounds.
NEW YORK. Sept. 24.— The I-enox Ath
letic Club has secured the twenty-five
round bout between Terry McGovern and
Coorgo Dixon. for which the club will
bang up a purse of $10,000. The boys have
been matched to meet at IIS pounds, and
the contest is to take place before Febru
ary 6, 1900.
. ♦ .
To Be Lipton's Guest.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.— Right
Hon. Jesse Collins, Parliamentary Secre
tary for the Home Office, is in the city,
having traveled across the continent pure
ly for pleasure. His return trip will be
en route via St. Paul and New York, at
which latter place he will be the guest
during the America's cup races of Sir
Thomas Lipton on board the Erin.
■ ♦ ■ —
High-Priced Trotter Sold.
L.OVISVILI.E. Ky., Sept. 24.— Scott
Newman Jr. has sold Boralma, a promis
ing young trotter, to J. C McCoy of
Kirkwood. Delaware, for $10,iX)0, the high
est price ever paid for a 3-year-old trotter
in Kentucky. Boralma is the favorite in
the Kentucky Matron stakes of $7000.
which will be the principle event of the
opening day of the fall trotting meeting
to-morrow.
Sunday Handball Play.
The attendance yesterday at Phil
Ryan's handball court, 85S Howard street,
was above the average, and the play was
fully on a footing with the attendance.
Professor Riordan's makeup of the games
gave every satisfaction to the contest
ants and spectators. The single-handed
garnt- neiween < oinns ana Aiaguire ior tne
championshij) was well contested. A re
turn game will be had on next Sunday be
tween Collins and White. Results of the
regular day's play follow:
T. McManus ami J. McN'amara defeated J.
Holster and S. Carrey. Score: 21—12, 17—21,
21-14.
P. Herrin and P. Foley defeated J. Casey
and M. J. Stokrs. Score: 21— it, 16—21. 21—15.
<;. McDonald and M. McNeil defeated H. Ra
ooullat and L,. Carralne. Score: 21—20. IS— 2l,
21—10.
l>;m Rndgers and C . McKinnon defeatPfl P.
Ryan and M. Basch. Score: 21— S, 11—21.
21—19.
E. Murphy and K. Antron defeated W. H.
Sieberst and T. Leach. Score: 14—21. 11—21,
21-20.
Ben Clements and E. Murphy defeated E.
Antron and W. C. Collins. Score: 21— IS, 10—21,
21—13.
P. Ryan anil M. Klrby defeated C. loiter
and M. Edwards. Score: 21—16. 9—21. 21—17.
W. Maguirp anil E. Curley defeated j. Dow
ling nnd D. Repnn. Srorf: 21—10, 15—21. 21— S.
Single-hand game— J. Collins defeated W.
MaKulrp three straight games. Score: 21—12,
21— 15, 21—7.
.T. Riordon and M, McClure defeated E. Toy
and J. Harlow. Srorp: 21— lfi, 7—21, 21—19.
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
Alamedas Defeat Pacifies in a Closely
Fought Match on the Home
Grounds.
The Alameda cricket team scored an
other victory yesterday over its old
rivals, the Pacifies. Captain George
Theohald of the Pacifies won the toss and
took the field. Though there was no
heavy batting on the Alameda side, six
of the batsmen made double figures, the
highest scorers being J. H. Saunders and
V. E. Seebeck, each of whom compiled
22 runs. Of the Pacific bowlers Coles
proved the most effective, taking 5
wickets for 26 runs; Casidy took 3 for 30
and Harbour 1 for 34.
The Pacifies were without the services
of one of their best batsmen, J. Myers,
but with 44 runs for 2 wickets down their
chances of victory looked by no means
bad. When 7 wickets had fallen for 79
runs the prospects of winning looked
slender. The last three wickets raised the
total to 107, and tnus the match ended in
a win for the Alamedas by 15 runs. The
Alamedas tried six bowlers, of whom
Fortmann took 3 wickets for 16 runs, Mc-
Ix-an 3 for 22 and Ward Jr. 2 for 26. The
highest scorers ior the losers were George
Theobald 20 and H. P. G. Gordon 18. In
the Pacific team there were three Theo
balds, George, his brother John and his
son Bert. The full details of the game
follow below:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
J. H. Saunders b. Casidy io
G. Hellmann h. Coles .....'.'.'.'. 7
J. J. Moriarty h. Coles 22
J. J. K. Peel b. Coles 5
F. J. ("roll, run out ' 7
P. K. Mel.ean c. li. Theobald b. Harbour .. 14
V. U. Seebeok, 1. b. w., b. Coles 22
H. Ward Jr. c. Coles b. Casidy 13
H. Bird c. Sellwood b. Coles in
W. <;. Fortmann b. Casidy 0
F. Stahl. not out 0
Byes, ft; leg byes, 3 12
Total 122
Runs at fal! nf each wicket— One for 14, two
for 42, three for 43, four for 51. five for 60,
six for 94, seven for 105, eight for 11&, nine
for 118, ten for 122.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W
Casidy SO , 30 2 3
Simmondß 60 20 2 0
Harbour 60 34 1 1
Coles 62 26 1 5
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
C. Simmonds I>. McLean ip
G. Theobald c. Stahl b. Ward Jr. ...'.'. 20
H. C. Casidy b. McLean "" 4
C. P. Coles b. Fortmann J4
J. J. Theobald b. Fortmann ..." g
J. H. Harbour, run out \][ 5
E F. Musson b. Saunders 1
H. P. G. Gordon b. Ward Jr i S
A. W. Wilding b. McLean "" 6
W. G. Selwood c. Bird b. Fortmann ........ 1
B. Theobald, not out
Byes. 6: leg byes, 3; no balls, 1 jo
Total 107
Runs at fall of each wicket— O«e for 34 two
for 44. three for 50. four for 66, rlvp for 74 s»i x
tor 74. seven for 7H, eight for S7, nine for 98
ten for 107..
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W
Ward Jr 90 26 3 2
Saunders 54 6 4 1
Peel 3S 13 2 0
Croll 60 14 3 0
Mcl^ean 54 22 1 3
Fortmann 12 16 3 3
INDEPENDENT
RIFLES HAVE
A GOOD TIME
E. Helmke Makes the Top
Score in Their Annual
Prizz Shoot.
The Independent Rifles held their twen
ty-second annual picnic and prize shoot
yesterday at Shell Mound Park. The
affair was in every sense a complete suc
cess and a large crowd gathered at the
pleasure grounds. Dancing, bowling and
various other amusements added greatly
to the enjoyment of the day. The an
nual shoot for valuable prizes was a spe
cial feature of the occasion. The prizes
will be distributed on Sunday, October 15,
at Saratoga Hall. Following are the
scores:
E. Helmke, 22; C. Gllberson, 21; Corporal P.
Shoenig, 21; H. Staude, 21; H. Kiihlke 21;
Lieutenant ,T. Staude, 20: J. H. Kuhlke. 20; H
Goetjen, 19; Corporal .1. A. Slang. 19; Sergeant
C. Andrews, 19; Sergeant G. Mitchell, 19; Dr.
W. Melerdierks. IS: George Kellenberger. 17; C.
Stender 17; C. Frederickson, 17; C. Lranz. 16;
Captain L. Schneider. 16; C. Lindecker, 16: I .
Wild. 16: R. A. Morris, 16; H. Feyge, 15; Ser
geant C. Kornbeck, 16; Sergeant H. Schlicht
mann 15; Lieutenant E. Moenning, 15; feer
geant C. Schneider, IB; H. Menke. ir,; .7. \.
Belther, 15; Corporal W. Tlnken. 14; Corporal |
H. Frederickson. 11: Corporal G. Worthlngton.
14; W Lindecker 13; P. Staudmann, 13: J. H.
Wilkins. 12; C. Staude. 12; F. H. Laun. 12; F.
H. Rrinkman. 12; J. Lindecker. 10; H. Felix,
1"; C Iverson, 10; H. Marzolf. 9; J. Schleeman,
S; Corporal H. Hansen. S; M. J. Schwab, 8; J.
Schlichtmann, 8; H. Joost, 8.
The committees to whom the success of
the affair is due are as follows:
Committee of arrangements— H. Feyge, H.
Hansen. C. Kornbeck.
Committee on shooting— Captain L. Schneider,
First Lieutenant E. Mnenning. Second Lieu
tenant J. Staude Jr., H. Goetjen 'treasurer).
Reception committee— C. Stender. G. Kellen
hurger, G. Worthlngton, C. Frederickson. H.
Wilkins. W. Lindecker, 11. Felix, H. Marzolf.
F. Wild.
Floor manager, C. Andrews; assistant, Ser
geant Charles Lindecker.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Golden Gate Club Begins Con
test for a Trophy.
The Shell Mound ranges were well pat
ronized yesterday by several shooting or
ganizations and some good scores were
made.
The Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club
inaugurated its contest for a trophy of- \
fered by a Denver journal, Outdoor
Life one'n to all clubs west of the Missis
sippi River. The trophy is a fine Win
chester rifle for which six men tt-ams will
contend for the best eight shot scores.
The local club intends to work hard to
bring the trophy to the Pacific Coast, and
yesterday its members made a creditable
beginning. Following are the scores of J
the day:
Monthly medal shoot of the Red Men's
Sohuetzen Company— Champion class. W. !
Krantzkann, 411: first class. V. Dressier. 368; j
second class, F. H. Rulffs, 306: third class, H. ;
Grieb. 28U: fourth class, H. Zompel. 246; C. |
Br-cker. 242.
Golden Gate Pistol and Rifle Club, outdoor
life trophy— Captain D. w. Mclaughlin, ss; F.
P. Schuster. S4; Dr. L,. <>. Rodgers, 70; .1. E. \
Gorman, 80; D. B. Faktor, S3; J. E. Mason. 76;
F. P. Schurter. SI; Dr. L. O. Rodger:-. 85; Cap
tain MeUiughlln. S6: .1. E. Gorman, 81; D. B. j
Faktnr. S4 • F. K. Mason. 90.
Pistol scores— E. N. Moore. 73-73; C. Kull
mann, 4fi; A. Tompklns. 73-77; M. Roberts, SO-74;
F. W. Helknaji. 67; Vr. L. O. Rodders. S9; J.
F. Bridges. SO; E. P. Jacobson, 87; J. E. Gor
man, yi.
Rifle class scores— E. Wanne. IK-MO; F. W.
Belknap. 209-19S; J. Kullmann. IVM7O; Dr. L.
'> Rodgera, 220; D. W. Mclaughlin, 218; J. E.
Gorman 214-211; F. E. Mason, 223; E. P. Ja-
CObson, 201-199: J. F. Bridges, IS6; E. N. Moore,
212-I^7; O. A. Rremer. 192.
Norddeutseher monthly medal shoot— First
cla-ss. Frank Rust, 414; second class. John Lan
kenau. 887; third class, not won; fourth class.
John Woebke, 327; first best shot. Otto Lemcke,
23; last best shot. Frank Rust. 23.
Snn Francisco Pehuetzen Vereln monthly
bullseye shoot— George Schulj:, 75; F. Korh, 217; ',
D. B. Faktor. 336; X. Ahrens, 385; J. de Wit, j
397; J. Beutler, 406; F. Schuster. 445; S. Heino. I
459- H. Lllkendey. ".12; J. Lankenau. 556; F.
Brandt C3l : D. Dunker. 730; R. Stettin, 750; D.
SalfleW. 759; H. Helberp, S9S; Captain ThTd».
994; H. StellinK. 1045; A. Lemaire. 1058; H.
Zecher, ISM; F. Rust. 1272.
Germanla Schuetzen Club monthly bullseye
shoot— J. Gefken. IS2: L. Bandel. 800; A. Z.3cher,
357- J. Tiedrmann. 412: D. B. Faktor, 41. r >: F. P.
Schuster. 419; H. Stelltnp, r.,"2; J. Jung, 558; X.
Ahrons. 556; D. Salfleld. 631; William Morken.
712; Dr. Rodgers. SOS: A. Thode, 844; R. Stet
tin. BSS.
Bushnell medal shoot— F. P. Schuster, 215;
Dr. Rodgers. 219; D. W. Mclaughlin. 209.
ON SAN RAFAEL LINKS.
Second Bi-Weekly Tournament of the
Marin County Club Proves
Highly Successful.
The second of the series of bi-weekly
tournaments on the links of the San Ra
fael Golf Club proved highly successful,
attracting a large number of entries and
exciting much interest among the mem
bers. The principal event was mixed
foursomes, nine holes, with handicap, in
which the following returns were made:
In the approach-putting contest each '
contestant holed five balls from a dis
tance of 75 yards. The ladies' prize was '•
won by Mrs. F. H. Green, who holed the
five balls in seventeen strokes. The men's :
contest resulted in a tie between Baron J
11. yon Schroeder and E. W. Runyon. '■
with eighteen strokes each. On playing
off the tie Baron J. H. yon Schroeder
won. holing the five balls in seventeen
strokes. A friendly match played under
the same conditions between Mrs. F. H. i
Green and Baron J. H. yon Schroeder re- \
suited in a tie. each making seventeen !
strokes. On playing off. the tie Mrs. F. i
H. Green won with seventeeen strokes '
against the Baron's eighteen. Mrs. F. H. |
Green played in good form, lofting the I
balls in pretty style.
.The following ladies entered a driving 1
contest: Mrs. Kautz. Mrs. J. J. Crooks
Mrs. F. H. Green, Miss F. Carroll, Miss '
Goodwin. Miss Carroll. Mrs. F. S. John- i
son and Miss Mary McCalla. Each lady
drove five balls from the tee the longest '
ball winning. Miss Mary. McCalla won I
with a drive of lfiS yards 20 indies with
the roll. Mrs. F. S. Johnson drove good
clean balls, but none of them was so long
as the winner's best. Miss Goodwin was
not quite up to her 'usual form
~«~ _ ■ I
Sports at Sutro Baths.
The swimming and diving contests at
Sutro Baths yesterday resulted as fol- !
lows:
50-yard dash (novice), won by F
Baker. F. Neal second; 50-yard "dash
(juvenile), won by J. Ringrose, H
Seebaeh second; 100-yard race (ana
teun.won by R. Dahl.c. Donovan sec
ond; 100-yard tub raco. won by O
Augustus. F. Baker second and W
Dunford third; trick and fancy spring
board diving. O. Misner first and F
Baker second: underwater swim
ming contest, won by \V. I. "W'inford
F. Ralston second; high diving, won
by C. Donovan.
■ ♦ ■
Elkss Lowers a Record.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1.. Sept. 24.— At Cres
cent Park to-day Harry Elkes gave an ex
hibition five miles behind a motor, riding
the distance in 8:40. The record for pro
fessionals was 9:02, held by Burns Pierce.
<Sast
THE FIELDS
AT OAKLAND
ARE SELECT
Good Racing Assured This
Afternoon— Shifty Eastern
Horses Now Here.
- The racing: card at Oakland this after
noon is not an overloaded one, but the
j fields look well classed, pointing to some
excellent sport. The crack mare Recrea
tion makes her appearance in the fourth
number, and in the concluding event the
Eastern performers Assignee and Op
ponent meet some of the local talent.
The entries are as follows:
First race— Futurity course; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
42 Morelia 110 70 Abbleolo 110
6C El Arte 97 .. Rlxford 37
23 Pa la pa 97 16 Champion Rose.. 97
Second race— Seven furlongs; four- year-olds
and upward; selling .
24 Alvero 103 25 Melkarth 104
19 Scintillate .......107 60 Snips 103
60 Wilmeter ....*... 110 69 Magnus 103
Third race— Six furlongs ; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
1 (74)Panamint 112! .. Rio Chlco 109
74 Watossa 94! .. Great Scot 109
74 Good Hope 1041 25 Anchored 94
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
..Recreation 1071 73 Lost Girl ...101
(24) Lothian 91 ' 74 Socialist 101
Fifth race— Seven furlongs: four-year-olds
and upward: selling.
24 P A. Flnnegan..lO3 65 Donator 103
(s. .)Chlhuahua 10* -• Opponent 101
14 Indra 10« 73 Mamie G 1«1
.. Assignee ...IOC .. Lodestar 103
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Klxford. Palapa, Morelia.
Second race— Magnus, Wilmeter, Snips.
Third race— Pan Good Hope, Watossa,
Fourth race— Girl, Recreation, Socialist.
Fifth Opponent, Indra, Mamie G.
«■
LOS ANGELES TURF MEET
Los Angeles cannot complain of ill
treatment on the part of the California
Jockey Chin. The race meeting to be
held at the southern metropolis, October
21 to 28, will undoubtedly be a very suc
cessful one, and all owners of racing
horses desirous of racing: there will be
furnished free transportation upon appli
cation to J. C. Humphrey, the book
maker. Thomas H. Williams Jr. states
that horsemen journeying- there can have
stalls at Oakland track reserved until
tbeir return.
The races are conditioned to suit all
sorts and classes of horses, with two
harness and four running rac< s daily.
No entrance fee will be charged in over
night purses. The Los Angeles Derby —
with a cup and $500 added at one am! :i
half mile?— will hn the special runninng
feature, the entries for which close wiih
Secretary Thurm on October 9. A purse
is also offered for hurdle horses.
In the harness line, the great three
cornered contest between Joe Patchen,
.1. !.:: R. Gentry and Anaconda, for which
{5000 la hung up. will be the star attrac
tion. It has been agreed upon to split
the big stake, the trio meeting for one
half of it on Saturday, October 21. and
again coming together for the other por
tion on the Saturday following. It should
prove a tremendous drawing card.
COLUMBIA'S MOVEMENTS
BRISTOL. R. 1.. Sept. 24.— The cup de
fender Columbia left here this morning
for N'\v Rochelle, the home of ('. Oliver
Iselln. The crew was astir early, prepar
ing for the start and quite a number uf
people gathered in the vicinity of the Her
resnoffs to witness the departure of the
yacht. The Columbia will not return here
"until after the races unless an accident
occurs.
On Thursday next the Columbia will be
docked in Erie basin. New York, for the
purpose of having her under body cleaned.
Gunmen at the Traps.
The regular shoot of the L nion Gun
Club was held yesterday. The contest at
twenty-five bluerocks resulted as fol
lows: Isaacs 11. M. McDonnell 15. Wal
pert 21. Materson 3. Srhendel Jr. 7. Slade
20. Olsen IS. A. Drieschman 9, Hess 9. ().
Fisher 17. Pisani 7. YVollam 13, Jarette Jr.
12. Rosenberg in. Swales 1.",. Riche 10.
Mit<-hell 13, Bonner 11. Peterson 15. Lewis
6. Fisher 15. Swales 14. The handicap
medal shoot resulted in a tie between
Mitchell and Peterson. In the shoot-off
the latter won by a score of 9 to 8.
Swiss Rifle Club's Shoot.
The regular contest of the Swiss Rifle
Club at Harbor View Park yesterday re
sulted as follows: Champion class, W.
Baum^artner, 420; first clasp. J. Lehmann,
39.">; second class. August Strider.
third ciass. A. Monotti, 351. Bullseye.s—
First, F. Suter; second. J. I^hmann;
third. W. Baumpartner: fourth. A.
Monotti; fifth. A. yon Wyll, and sixth, J
Bachmann.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A J Duncan, Wash Mrs W F Finbe.-k. Che;
P L Schuman, Chs?o D Lauerman, Germany
W B Thompson, Mont Mr & Mrs Gutman,
II H Sargent, VS V ■ Berlin
Mrs H H Sargent, V Q E Spotz, Philadel
S V OH Burbridge N V
J F Fraser. Stockton T S Dolan, X V
W w Chapin, Sacto W \v Colt. USA
Capt Hellahan. Manila A M«J£inley, N V
J J Lipop. V 8 V Mrs A McKlnley. N V
H 3 McKenny. 0 S ,V Miss M McKinley. X V
V S Houston. V S V Col W C Brown. N V
J T Kilby. Ohio Maj R C Smith. N V
H L Blosse. Ohio \V Emlsby. N V
Prince Poniatowskl, J W Knox. Merced
Buriingame J P Crerar. Canada
XV M Atkinson. V S NiD Beatty. Canada
J E Shepherd, D S N|S E Lamb. England
Gde Launey. Paris | Mrs S E Lamb. Englnd
M G Waybright. Deny .1 B Libby. Wash
A A Ladd. St Louis J W Merritt. X T
\Y .1 Perkins, Mich .1 F Parks. Jackson
C G Griffith. Spokane Mrs C D Stephens,
A \V Morris. Montreal Michigan
W Mann, Montreal J E McDonnell. D S X
W F Finbeck, Chgo
Raymond & Whltcomb Excursionists.
W H Richmond Mrs H F Libby . "
Mrs \Y H Richmond Dr A A Libby
Miss fi H Richmond Dr Q Heine ■
Miss C M Richmond Mrs <i Heine
Mrs T H Bishop Mrs E T fhisholm
Miss M L Bishop G T Simonds
GRAND HOTEL.
W Baumer, NY It: J Hill & w. Eureka
T Treskow, Crockett .>i Lefflngwell, Colo
LA Spltzer. San Jose M T Holland, Wash
W E Keith &w, a J Miss M Martin, Hoopr
W H Moore, Vacaville Mrs J B Lent, Eureka
T S Dillon. Anaconda W Nichols Jr. Cal
w McWhirter. Cal M Kerrene & w. Cal
Mrs E E Stephens, Cal C X Thomas, C.?l
D Eisner, Sneto C V A' N Kennedy &f,
C W Lenhart, Fresno | Winnipeg
L M .1 Croft. Cal E A Green & w, Wash
Lieut W Brown, Cal A E Holland & w.Wsh
J A Kane. Pocotello Miss j k Mehan. Tcma
C Frederick. Newark O T Walker. Dawson
E Molds, Denver Mrs w H p McEvoy,
T L O'X.-il. S Cruz Redwood
J S Sanderson. Colusa W T Barnes. L Ang
H W Ogilvie, Manila Miss L J Lalande. Mcx
H L Morrison. Stanfrd'J A Urnson, Bacto
E S Lovett. Stanford W T Barnes. L Ang
A L Begbte, Cal 3 Haas. Grass Valley
L J Brown. Cal ■' M Chattenden. Cal
A Dwyer. Saetn jW E Annim, Wash
J D Bradley, Merced B F Meyer. St Louis
TII Brooks. Seattle E G Meyer, St Louis
J G Splane. * Pittsburg Miss V Meyer, St Louis
1. 1! Levy. Fresno iA I Hinklebein & f.
E E Paxton. Honolulu T B Meyer. St'dalia
H D Sill, Kansas City A I Hlnklebeln & w,
E S Webber & w. "Cal j San Jose
W P Ellison & w. Tex C Newman, Willows
A L Crowder. S Diego: W J Hughes, Oakdal*
J H Barbour. S Diego W S Hoffman, Cal
M Allen. Catalina C B (Uley, Sacto.
W A Cooper & w. L a s D poole, Moline
A Juch. Marysville AC' Hartley. Antioch
J M Ward. Oroville L a Smith. S Antonio
H Schivel°v Orovllle I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W M Ricks, Cal E Fiester Nevada-
L White, Vallejo H H Wells, Minn
C F. McCarthy. Vallejo T A Connor, Baltimore
W St. Clalr, Pa II Fulton, Denver
F Hines. Pa. C Werlif, Benlcia
F Martin. San Jose IB Stein Stockton
C L Ferbush, Cal J Edwards. Los Ane
F Roberts. Cal Q Adams Fresno
G R Ward. .Petaluma E O Uearif N Dak
E Smith Idaho j Chlnn, Los Angeles
A C Burke, Oregon IAlameda OAKLAND Berkley
CIRCUS SEEN
IN DUPLICATE
AT CITY HALL
•
Politicians Are Now
in the Rear.
—
BLOTTED OUT BY PROGRESS
♦
DENNISON WANTS SEVENTY
THOUSAND MANUSCRIPTS.
♦
Prospect of Three Supervisors Retir
ing Has Caused Many to Signify
a Willingness to Approach
the Shambles.
0
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 24.
In some respects the programme at the
City Hall is very like the circus; In other
respects there is a big difference. Some
of the specialties could not be duplicated
In any three-ring show on earth, but Li
cense Collector Maloon would not have
the same difficulty in assessing the muni
cipal circus that he experienced in as
sessing the other aggregation now on the
coast. Mr. Maloon was doubtful as to
whether to charge the circus for two per
formances a day or one, and the circus
people, to help him out, announced that
they would be open from noon till mid
night. This obviated the matter and
made it plain that there was at least one
break daily in the performance, which
made it legal for the collector to demand
one license fee each day. Should he have
the duty of taxing the municipal circus
• -♦-<»-♦- <S> -♦- <$■ -♦-«>-•- <$> -♦- <£ -♦-<£■-♦-•
MAYOR SNOW BHTS HIS BOOTS.
ne would not nna it very prontaDie, as ne
would only be entitled to one fee each
year, the continuous performance at the
City Hall never being broken.
The past week has produced more than
Us share of paper-ring aerial jumps. Mr.
Miller, whose path is a thorny one at
lost, performed the trick of jumping
through a beautifully veiled ring held up
by Mr. Schaffer and apparently landing
oh his feet.
Ringmaster Snow cracked his whip and
became so excited that he offered to bet
his boots that he could do something that
is not now being done, to wit. carry out
a $100 job with less than $30 worth of in
spection. Mr. Dow signalized his return
from his holiday by turning two or three
somersaults and informing his chief that
many things transpired at the City Hall
circus that should cause people to blush
for shame. v >.'
Somehow the clown in the council
chamber did not make his appearance, and
the show was very serious, for a time ap
pearing as though there might be need
for a few police officers; but after all it
was only a joke— one of the six months
of jokes that have been played since April
—and by this time it Is all forgotten.
The politicians are in grave danger.
The county has had forced upon it some
things of interest that are likely to in
terfere with the vanity of the job-chaser.
From Tesla to West Oakland everybody
is busy except the county's prisoners and
the willfully lazy. There is not, by 25 per
cent, enough labor in the county at this
time to do its work, whether in the can
nery or in the building of new houses and
business blocks. The newspapers have
taken on an encouraging tone and enjoy
the supreme satisfaction of . publishing
daily columns of information relating to
the scores of new homes and commercial
buildings that are being erected; the new
contracts for wharf building and for
warehouses that are being recorded; the
reports of the fruit growers, canners and
dryers that show how good prices have
#♦ » -♦—$. -♦- <£.-♦- •$> -*- •-<s>-*-s>-»-O
S-HAFFHR'S AIRSHIP WOES.
been paid and how the county could have
found a market for much more fruit than
reduced, and while all these thing's
engrossing public attention, very
little notici la being taken of the poli
tician. Even the weekly letters on
politics thai find their way into print ap
pear Stale, flat and unprofitable alongside
the pictures and figures that are proof of
better times than the county has iknown
for ten years.
Anomalous as it may seem, the failure
to carry out many existing contracts Is
due tn good times, the contractors not be
ing able to procure enough lumber or
Steel to fulfill their promises. All this
has had its effect on the public mind, and
then Is a general desire to do something.
Oaklanders realize, that they have been
backward about twenty years too long,
and that although it is rather late to
wake it is h.tier to be aroused at this
time than t/> sleep on to death. In every
quarter ot the city opinion is favorable
toward the obtaining of great public im
jinvements by the issuing of bonds. For
the pa.st five years bonds have been
talked of at regular intervals, but the ac
tual poverty existing made a reasonable
foundation for opposing any such large
expenditures. Now It Is different and
civic pride appears to be asserting itself.
A study of the city charter shows that
it is not the faulty law that many le-
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
lieve It to be. Until absolutely spoiled fix
years ago by the hasty and ill-advised
action of those responsible for its amend
ment, the charter worked admirably.
Now It is as bad in its operation as it is
possible for it to be. A few days ago
City Attorney Dow. who has been in office
for five years, and who is a member of
the Board of Works, stated that the
present constitution of the .joard
Is an absolute failure. Considering
that Mr. Dow's political friends were
Bolely responsible for the manner
in which the board is now consti
tuted, the working of the charter must
be very had indeed when Mr. Dow will
thus strongly criticize the result of their
work. Judge Stanly, one of the most
level-headea jurists of California, who is
this day being consigned to his grave, was
not actuated by petty politics when he
gave the best efforts of his mind to the
formation of the present charter. As he
left it, It was good, and while the city was
governed under it there was none of the
stupidity and puerile fighting between the
Council and the Board of Works that
now exists, and which is as repugnant
to an intelligent public as it is disgraceful
to those fostering it, but who are only
responsible secondarily for BUCb condi
tions, the chief odium being with those
who made such conditions possible.
With a reconstructed Board of Works
the charter will give satisfaction, pro
vided it also makes some provision for
fixing an annual tux levy that shall pro
vide an Income necessary for a progres
sive administration and which shall not
be dependent upon the political whims of
County Assessors
Adna A. Dennison, the city editor of a
local paper, should have trouble enough
on his bands hereafter. He has given to
the world suggestions as to how to write
to and for newspapers. In his opening
paragraph he says: "In these days when
every citizen considers that he has an
inalienable right to write for the news
papers, and not only communications on
"DOMINIE" DhNNIf-ON'S HfcAVEN.
various topics, but matters of news are
contributed by persons not regularly at
tached to the staff, it ought to be a part
of the education of even' mdiv dual to
know how to properly prepare and ad
dress a communication to a newspaper.
It is one of the essential things which is
omitted from public school courses."
The rest of Mr. Dennison's article sets
forth in detail how to write, what to
write, whom to send to, and what to tell
the editor. Mr. Dennlson evidently takes
great pleasure in encouraging "every
citizen" to exercise hie "inalienable
right," and so that he may not be dis
couraged I would advise that the 70/KX)
citizens of Oakland exercise their right
by sending a sample communication on
any old thing to Mr. Dennison. His ad
dress is Adna A. Dennison, city editor,
Enc4uirer. Oakland.
A few weeks ago a celebrated San Fran
cisco writer came to Oakland and opened
a school for the diffusion of knowledge
relative to newspaper writing. Mr. Den
nison. who is an ard< tit advocate of
home trading, evidently believes that it is
Quite postble for local talent to supply
all the needed lore of this nature in this
city.
Although a year away, the fight over
the Supervlsorship is already waxin«
warm. Next year three Supervisors will
retire. This is a majority of the board.
The retiring members are Tom Wells of
Murray Township, Charles Ro.-th and
John Mitchell of Oakland. T'nless some
thing unforeseen happens, it is hardly
likely that another Democrat will suc
ceed Mr. Wells. Thre.- years ago there
was a bitter factional fight between the
Republicans of Murray and Washington
Township, which was carried beyond the
convention to the polls and the W;ushing
ton Republicans voted with the Demo
erats. electing Wells. Now party lines
are better harmonized, and it is- believed
that a Washington man will win the Re
publican nomination, especially as Mur
ray has received several appointments in
the county government during the past
two years. Ex-Supervisor Hiram Bailey
and Assemblyman William McDonald are
already laying wires, and there are about
a dozen others.
In Oakland John Mitchell and Charles
Roeth will have no walk-over, although
each is anxiotis to succeed himself.
Mitchell has been guilty of the great po
litical mistake of not standing steadily
by any one faction. He has passed the
hat around and has landed where he
cannot with any great claim demand the
support of any particular element in his
party. Unlike Church and his class of
politicians who always stand by their
friends through thick and thin and come
up smiling after the election, Mitchell
has temporized and at times tins at
tempted to carry water on both shoulders
until he has become a much weaker man
toward the end of his term than he was
at the beginning.
Dr. Pierce, the veterinary surgeon, and
W. S. Wixson of North Oakland would
like to be Supervisors and already they
are marshaling their friends in their be
half. There are half a dozen other candi
dates anxious to step into Mr. Mitchell's
shoes.
Charles Roeth has been cleverly repair
ing his broken ferces during the past few
months, and has regained some of the
ground he hae" lost a year ago. But there
are many anxious for his scalp and it is
already evidenced that he will have no
easy task to succeed himself.
STUART W. BOOTH.
SCHMIDT DREW A GUN.
Fruitvale Man Runs His Fath-?r-in-
Law Into the Street.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— The bitter feeling
existing for some time between Henry
Miner, residing in the Allendale Tract at
Fruitvale, and his son-in-law, J. G.
Schmidt, reached its climax to-night Ah
a result the son-in-law was arrested by
Deputy Sheriff Qulnlan on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon.
Schmidt and his wife have been sepa
rated for some time. This evening he
called on her at the home of her father,
Mr. Miner, when the latter, so Schmidt
claims, accused him of having purloined
a watch. After a heated argument
Schmidt is said to have whipped out a re
volver, fully loaded, and threatened to
shoot off the top of his father-in-law's
head. Miner rushed from his home and
sought protection at the hands of Deputy
Sheriff Quinlan. Schmidt showed tight
when the officer attempted to place him
under arrest. A desperate struggle fol
lowed, but the officer proved quite equal
to the occasion, felling his man and haul
-Ins him to the County Jail.
_• m •
Electric Car Wrecks a Buggy.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— A San Pablo ave
nue electric car crashed into a horse and
buggy to-night at Fourth street and
Broadway, demolishing the rig and injur
ing the horse so severely that it will have
to be shot. The driver, Harry Wells, aped
24 years, residing on Hancock street, as
poon as he realized what had happened,
ran away, leaving the wreck for others to
attend. The horse and busgy are the
property of Thomas McKenzie, a livery
man at Thirteenth and Center streets,
who says Wells ordered the rig by tele
phone this morning, representing himself
as Williams, a produce merchant.
j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1899.
JUDGE STAN LY'S
REMAINS LAID
TO FINAL BEST
His Late Employes as
Pallbearers.
■ «
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 24.
The funeral of Judge John A. Stanly,
who died at his home, 1221 Jackson street,
this city, last Friday morning, Uok place
this afternoon at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church, of which the deceased was one
of the founders. The services, consisting
of the usual Episcopalian ritual, were Im
pressively conducted by Rev. Dr. Robert
Ritchie, rector of the church, and Rev.
John Bakewell. rector of Trinity Church.
St. Paul's was thronged with many
friends of the departed Jurist, and the
floral tributes were numerous and appro
priate, the more noticeable pieces being
broken wheels, broken columns and sev
eral beautiful pillows and crosses. There
was no music save an organ dirge.
The casket was borne by employes of
the deceased, fifteen of whom came down
from his ranch near Napa to bid a last
farewell to their departed employer.
The honorary pallbearers were Judge E.
W. McKinstry, Judge John Garber, C. D.
Allen, Warren Olney, Harry W. Bradley,
George H. Wheaton, Shatter Howard and
Henry Rogers.
The services at the grave in Mountain
View Cemetery were simple, and only the
family, immediate relatives and the pall
bearers, in accordance with an expressed
wish of the deceased, accompanied the
remains to the burial grounds.
FIRE AT SAN LEANDRO.
Sparks From a Chimney Cause De
struction of a Laundry.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— French laun
dry on Haywards avenue near Estudillo
street, San Leandro, owned by M. Gautier,
was entirely destroyed by lire at an early
hour this morning. The cause of the
blaze is not known, but it is presumed .o
have started from sparks from the fur
nace chimney. Gautier and his wife were
working in the lower story of the build-
Ing and did not discover the flames until
the entire upper portion of the building
was ablaze. Much of the contents was
saved. The proprietor lost ah ox con
taining $'.«) in coin and his wife had jew
elry valued at $300 consumed by the fire.
M Causse, brother-in-law of Gautier.
was in bed when the fire broke out and
barely escaped in his night clothes from
the burning building. Two pet dogs that
were in the building were burned to death.
The loss la estimated at $2000 and is cov
erd by an insurance of $1000. The Fire De
partment succeeded in saving the adjoin
ing buildings.
■ ♦ ■
DEATH OF A PIONEER RESIDENT
Henry Schuler, an Early Settler in
This State, Passes Away at
Alameda.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 24.— Henry Schuler, a
native of Germany, aged 12 years, died at
g;S6 i.clock this morning at his residence,
531 Central avenue, after a lingering ill
ness.
Mr. Schuler was a pioneer of this State,
having come here from Ohio nearly fifty
years ago and settled in the mines in
Tuolumne County. For a good many
y. ars he has been a resident of this city
and at one time took considerable Interest
in municipal affairs. He was the pro
prietor of the Palace Brewery at the
west Kii'l. and up to the time of his last
Illness had taken an active interest in the
business. He was a widower and the
father of the late John M. and Lawrence
L. Schuler and -Mrs. 15. tiulse. He was
a member of Columbia Lodge No. 8, !•'.
and A. M., of Tuolumne County.
■ ♦ .
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Sept. 24.— Rev. E. B. Leav
itt, the Unitarian clergyman from Wash
ington, being unable to accept the invita
tion to occupy the pulpit at the local
Unitarian Charch, Rev. J. T. Sunderland
preached a sermon on "The Loyalty of
Conviction." This was his last sermon
in Oakland. His resignation as pastor
Will take effect next Sunday.
Rev. H. Melville Tenny of San Jose
preached at the First Congregational
Church to-day. In the morning he dis
coursed on "The Perfect Faith" and to
night on "The Dual Nature in Man."
Rev. E. R. Dille at the First Methodist
Episcopal Church this morning spoke on
"The Greatest Change in the World."
To-night he discoursed on the subject of
"Moral Heroism."
"Public Worship in Europe— Some Con
trasts and Lessons," was the subject of
an interesting discourse by Rev. Dr.
Coyle at the First Presbyterian Church
to-night.
At the vesper services in the Congrega
tional Chapel in Fruitvale this evening
Miss Jean Hush played a violin solo, ac
companied by Mrs. Marwedel. Miss
Most, the blind soprano, rendered a vocal
solo.
Rev. Alfred Bayley, pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church, spoke this
evening on "The Gospel of Whittier."
Rev. J. 11. Chase of Ouslow, N. S.. oc
cupied the pulpit at the Golden Gate Pres
byterian Church this morning.
Rev. C. H. ilobart. pastor of the First
Baptist Church, preached this morning on
"Triumphant Faith" and to-night on '"The
Deseri Prophet."
Chaplain C. A. Cressy of the Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteers delivered a lecture
on Christian work in Manila at the
Young Men's Christian Association Hail
this afternoon
Accused of a Serious Crime.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 24.— C. F. Buchanan,
aged 48 years, said to be a painter on the
Government transports, was arrested
this afternoon and is being held by the !
police for an alleged attempt to assault
the little nine-year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John Hall of 3247 Brings avenue.
Buchanan was complained against by H.
Ingalls of 547 Mission street, San t ran
cisco. Mr. and Mrs. Hall are away from
home, and the girl was left in the care
of her grandmother. Upon Mr. Hall's re
turn a formal charge will be placed
against Buchanan.
Union Revival Meetings.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— A season of union
revival meetings will be inaugurated in
the First Methodist Episcopal Church on
Wednesday evening. October 4, by Rev. J.
H. Weber, the evangelist, who has had
very signal success recently in Sacra
mento, Santa Cruz, Grass Valley, Napa
and Eureka. The meetings here will be
participated in by all the Methodist i
Episcopal churches in the four sections I
of this city. After about one week In the I
First Church the meetings will be trans
ferred to one of the other churches.
■ ♦ «
Clubhouse Burglarized.
BERKELEY, Sept. 24.— The Students 1
clubhouse on the corner of Dana and
Haste streets wus entered by thieves yes
terday and a quantity of clothing was
stolen. The burglary occurred early in
the afternoon, when none of the club
men were in the house. The burglar en
tered through the front door and took an
overcoat from the front hall. He
searched the rooms upstairs and went
away with stolen property amounting In
value to about $100.
■ ♦ »
Will Watch for Jobbery.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— The dictum of
the City Attorney that the Board of
Works rrust undertake the experiments
preparatory to framing a scheme for
water works for the city is not
viewed with satisfaction by the
Fire and Water Committee. The
Board of Works must advertise for bids
to test the wells and must let the con
tract to the lowest bidder. The cham
pions of the plan declare that the old
monopoly will doubtless takes steps to
have a contract put in by a dummy, who
will see that the quantity of water re-
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
quired, for the city is not In the wells. ,
Councilman Cuvellier says that he will |
ask the Citizens' Municipal Waterworks j
League to supply watchers at the tests
and to provide the necessary, funds to !
pay the watchmen.
■ m ■
To Discuss Sunday-School Work.
OAKLAND, Sept. 24.— The executive
committee of the Alameda County Sun
day-school Association will hold a spe
cial meeting to-morrow evening at the
Young Men's Christian Association
building. All pastors, superintendents
and others interested in Sunday-school
work have been invited to attend, as the
counsel and co-operation of all such is
desired in the matters which are to be
discussed.
— •"•"•
Struck an Idaho Volunteer.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 24.— F. J. Kelley and
J. J. Kelley were arrested this morning
and booked at the City Prison for dis
turbing the peace and battery. The Kel- j
leys had an altercation with a member j
of the First Idaho Volunteers in a* tamale
parlor on Park street, near Pacific •
avenue. A general rough and tumble i
light followed, during which the Kelleys
are accused of striking the soldier with
a heavy beer glass.
DUNGEONS USUALLY
BREED SKEPTICISM
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church delivered a sermon
last nigtit on "From Desert tv Dungeon."
In part he said:
John was a sensational preacher. He was
original In dress, being clothed with sklna;
original In what he ate and what he said. To
httn belongs the honor of presenting Jesus to
the world and of baptizing 'him In the Jordan, j
This was a greater honor than writing an j
epic or smashing a fleet. He came in contact '
with Herod, whose domestic life he attacked. !
The rustic preacher retained the iron of his ;
logic and the strength of his purpose before
the throne. The voluptuous life ot the court j
did not injure him. But he was cast Into I
prison.
The open air has done much for faith. It
Is easier to believe under God's great sky
than In a dungeon. Dungeons usually breed
Bkepticlsm. They crush courage. John the
Baptist doubted and he sent to Christ for a
vindication of his faith. The answer was that
people were being healed and helped and
saved.
Civilization, good laws, good lives, good,
charity, virtue and benevolence is the bp*t
answer to the appeal fr"m the dungeons.
Great lives are better than pood books.
. ♦ ■
REV. DR. BANE ON THE
MISSION OF THE CHURCH
Rev. A. C. Ban?, the newly chosen pas
tor of the California Methodist Episcopal
Church, presided at the .services yester
day morning and evening, and a large
congregation was present to hear him.
Dr. Bane has made an exceedingly fa
vorable Impression among those over
whom he lias assumed spiritual charge.
He in an earnest, forceful speaker. He
punctuates his sermons with anecdotes
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
COMMERCIAL UNION
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by. the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash •••
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $888,148 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 265,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,737,615 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 16,026 65
Cash In Hanks 459,123 09
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 26,654 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 3,759 06 1
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion : 399, 057 58
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,548 50
Rents due and accrued 7,414 56
Due from other Companies for Re-
. insurance on losses already paid.. 3,278 58 !
Total Assets .$3,808,155 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $59,073 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 158.535 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 23,875 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1. 686, 194 S3;
re-Insurance 50 per cent •. 840,097 42
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,845,-
-110 75; re-Insurance pro rata 974,207 77
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $15,064 55;
re-Insurance 100 per cent 15,064 55
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $103 00; re-insurance 50 per
cent 52 50
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 91,349 28
All other demands against the Com-:
pany • 57,478.96
Total Liabilities $2,220,034 23
INCOME. =
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,235,875 06
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 100,270 59
Received- for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 6,048 83
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ; 78.032 74
Received for Rents 22,566 67
Total Income... .$2,442,793 89
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid lor Fire Losses (In-
cluding losses of previous year5)... 51,243,172 35
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including losses of previous years. 38,091 00
Dividends to Stockholders v.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage i ■ 439.958 21
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc 150,595 01
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • 71,304 06
All other payments and expenditures 141,310 71
Total Expenditures .$2,089,431 37
Fire. / Marine.
Losses incurred during the
year .............$1,274,171 78 $48,191 00
Risks and Premiums . Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written . during . the
j ear ! $301,740,520 $2,809,230 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ....••• • 284.181,702 2. 893,079 90
Net amount In force .
December 31. IV.* ■ 370,706,075 3,523,303 53
Risks and, Premiums. Mar. Risks Premiums.
Net amount of Risks "'.
written during . the
year ; $40,675,776 $220,961 51
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
?ear ........... .1 43.592.482 261,954 75
Net amount In force!
December 31. 1838....... | . 1,135,475 15,169 55
~~ A. H. WRAY, if I ' S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, ' this 23d
day of February. 1899. ; ;
y EDWIN F. COREY. .
... - Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH.
416-418 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO, ;CAl*;';:*i
and bits of personal experience, which add
largely to their interest.
His sermon in the morning was on the
"Keynote of Victory." and was taken
from the text, "Have Faith in God. He
explained the wonderful power of faith,
the prayer of which was always answered
by divine Providence, and that it was by
faith more than by words and works that
victory over the evil one was achieved.
His subject In the evening related to the
necessity of tho co-operation of the indi
vidual in bringing souls to the kingdom
of God, which was the true mission of the
church.
"This mission can be successful in va
rious ways," he said. "One of these is to
go to men with love in our hearts and talk
to them about their souls. Men could be
brought to salvation by earnest personal
effort, by our living a blameless life,
whereby they would be convinced that
there Is reality in the Christian religion.
Again, a life of Christian Joy is a splendid
way to reach lost souls.
"T do not believe in long-faced Chris
tianity," concluded Dr. Bane. "It is sinful
for a Christian to be gloomy. He ought
to be happy, both in his life and in his
testimony. Live a life of self-sacrifice, of
tenderness and love, and many will be en
couraged to come into the kingdom of
God."
DR. WILSON DWELLS
ON PIONEER DAYS
AKGONATTTS IN A BODY HEAR
HIS SERMON.
More Than a Hundred Members of
the California Society Listen to
Pleasant Reminiscences.
Following in the footsteps of ex-Judge
Niles Searls, 150 members of the Society
of California Pioneers marched into the
Howard Methodist Church yesterday fore
noon to hear pleasant reminiscences of the
days when there were no electric lights
shining on the streets of San Francisco.
In his discourse Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil
son said in part:
Napoleon paid that he who made two
blades of grass to grow where but one
grew before was a benefactor of the race.
The principlf BO illustrated Is pound. We
are in the world to make things better,
not only to consume and absorb but propa
gate and develop.
I am glad to have with us tn-dny and
to welcome the men who laid the founda
tion of this empire upon the Pacific. It
is destined to become the greatest State in
the I'nlon. In tifty years its population
and wraith will be greater than New York,
and the cities of San Francisco Bay will
excel in size and grandeur the Greater
New York of to-day. But following the
divinely implanted ambition and enter
prise of your young manhood ye laid the
foundations of civilization upon which it
nil must he builded. The text which oc
curs to me a? most suitable for this occa
sion I read from psalm lxxxiv:6, "Who
passing thmugh the valley of Haca make it
a well the rain also filling the pools."
It 1b' our allotment in life to o ten pass
through arid places. It "is a privilege of
life to make the arid wastes better for
our passage over them. It belongs also
to life to enjoy the wells )f our own dig
ging and leave them as a better condition
of life for the betterment "f others.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1888, and Jor the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
[ surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
: and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $163,170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 10,000 00
! Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
i Bonds owned by Company 597,450 00
, Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stock* and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office •"
Cash In Banks 45,05175
I Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,750 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
i Mortgages ■
. Premiums In due Course of Collection. 32,683 86
Hills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 214 70
! Rents due and accrued 475 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
■ surance on lot.ses already paid......
Total Assets ....$850,796 IS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid * 670 00
Losses in process of adjustment or in
Suspense 3,075 00
, Losses resisted. including expenses....
: Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or leas, $146,277 09; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 73,138 55
Gross permlums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $82,999 09; rein-
surance pro rata 53,546 02
Gross premium on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, $ — ; rein-
surance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Ri?ks, f ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
All other demands against the Com-
pany 7,219 24
Total Liabilities $137,648 81
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums : $200,767 29
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums ..:.
Received for Interest •on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources .. 20,429 45
Received for Rents 10,102 45
. Total Income $231,299 19
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding JSIO2 40, losses of previous
years) 91,687 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $—— , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders .. ........
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 45.655 81
Paid for Salaries, ' Fees and ' other
charges for ofllcers, clerks, etc 14,181 53
Pnld for State, National and local
taxes 8,880 07
All other paymenA and expenditure* .. 41.554 15
Total Expenditures ...... $196.01S 67
■•*v££vX Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $87,152 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $22,493,814 I $269,579 27
Net amount of Risks
expired during the :
year 22,375,632 240,648 46
Net amount in force *■■ •:■■■■:• -■ ■■
December 31, 1595..... 17.307.708 229,276 18
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy.
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY.
. Commissioner for California.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager,
PACIF C COAST BRANCH.
416-418 California Street,
' ..BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
fW FAVORITE
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
FOR WEAK WOMEN. ;
The world is slow to learn that the
heroes of peace are not less worthy of
honor than those of war. Yours have
been the triumphs of peace. The soldier
is glorified while the llfesaver upon a dan
gerous coast is forgotten. But as civili
zation advances we shall learn more and
more that it takes the same sterling and
manly qualities to win peaceful triumphs
as those of war.
1.-et us not forget that the duties and
relationships of the present are analogous
to the higher ilfe of the soul. We cannot
remain here, we are going hence, but we
i want to go hence in pence. Without im
mortality there is no climax to life, no
ultimatum to existence. We are going to
live forever somewhere. We older people
are approaching a new birth to an Im
mortal life. Out from tht school of the
present to the great university of God"s
upper and other worlds we shall begin
all anew with the furnishlnss of the pres
ent estate for our capital. But some
things are open to the aged. We can en
list In the armies of the heavenly king
dom and to battle for a better condition
of life, for the uplift of the humanity about
us. Gentlemen, before we go hence, let
us make sure for ourselves of Tightness
with God. and be sure that an Influence
emanates from us that has helpfulness in
It for others. He who loves God best loves
his fellow best: there Is no way to demon
strate fealty to God but by helpfulness to
man. He lives for God the most who
lives for humanity the best.
LEADING AMERICAN^ COMPANIES.
STATEMENT
of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of the:
NATIONAL FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1898. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. —
Real Estate owned by Company $306,650 33
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 810,890 97
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 2,838,393 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge, :
of Bonda, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 718 31
Cash in Banks 260,165 71
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 425.680 91
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks..
Rents due and accrued
Due from . other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total Assets.. ■. ......^.54.642,499 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $98,927 53
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense :...... 67,535 91
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 26,067 76
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ■
ning one year or less, $1,524,441 08;
re-insurance 50 per cent 762,220 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,914,- '
943 68; re-insurance pro rata 990,189 66
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, ;
re-Insurance 100 per cent '..
Gross premiums on Marine Time
.Risks, ; re-insurance 50
per cent
All other demands against the Com-
pany 167,850 5S
Total Liabilities '. ..$2.112.791 98
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ." $2,096,839 96
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 48,189 32
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 141.359 64
Received for Rents 1.489 91
Profit and Loss— Agent's Balance... 351 58
Total Income. :$2,258,260 41
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $135,429 08. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,094,747 59
Net amount paid for, Marine Losses
(including , losses of pre- .
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 405.478 20
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 180,178 98
Paid for State. National and local ■■—■
taxes 72,23142
All other payments and expendi-
tures 350.563 31
Total Expenditures $2.2:.3,199 50
Losses Incurred during the year, fire. 51,119,698 78
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. ! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ! ,$259,356,712 $2,633,806 95
Net amount of Risks
expired ! during the ■'--.-
year 224,583,507 2,584,642 55
Net amount in force -
December 31, 1898 320.118,172 3.439,386 96
JAMES NICHOLS, President.
E. G. RICHARDS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 22d
day of January, 1599.
FRED B. SEYMOUR,
Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
409 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
CEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager, Ass't Manager.
CITY AGENCY;
SO© Sansom.© Street,
Henry C. Ahpel & Co., Agents.
' i
OCEAN TRAVEL. I,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^ Steamers leave Broadway
Kgk_. wharf, San Francisco.
K^PbS^ ror Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
WiJ^Kl^tak September 18. 23, 2S, October
IK nSsvlßi 8, change at Seattle.
KJJsvKjS "wal For Victoria, Vancouver
BfiaK^trai (I '- c -'- Port Townsend. Se-
(^^^S'lw »tt!e, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
• . ™ (Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
IS. 23. 28, October 8, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company' steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry- ,„,„ „
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 16, 21. 26. October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter. '
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San' Simeon,'
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. September 17. 21, 25, 29, Oc-
tober 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-.
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. September 15. 19. It, 27. October 1, ■ and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Matrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Max.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ■ «"■"■•
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the light to j change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of BBtllne. ■ .
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
• >10 Market st,, San Francisco.
THE B. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p ortijAnd
From Spear-street. Wharf at" 10 a. m.
CADC «12 First Clans Including Bert*
rAiIL $8 Second Clasu and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15.......;.:.... .
.....Sept. 5. 15. 25; Oct. 5, 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20, 30; Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all ' points in ' the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
e3O Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
.■■■■•■•.. ■ Sur>prlntpri(l»»nt*._
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEItS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
" Steamer "Monticeilo." •
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurg. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. : Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. • Telephone Main 1308. "■•."' V
FARE .;.;...;...;..........;...:.......... .....Eoo
FATHER WYMAN SPEAKS
ON OUR LADY OF MERCY
At St. Mary's Church last evening
Father Wyman preached on the . feast
celebrated yesterday by the Catholic
church— that of Our Lady of Mercy. He
said:
The blessed virgin Is distinguished more
by the attribute of mercy than by any
other. There is no title by which Chris
i tians delight to address her more than
- that of "Mother of Mercy." She was
raised up by the Almighty to be the In
strument of mercy to all mankind. God
has never made or formed but one enmity
; and that is an Irreconci liable one. It is
that which exists between Mary, his
worthy mother, and Satan. In all the con
flicts between Satan and mankind the
blessed virgin has been the one who in
accordance with the prophecy of man's
redemption, has crushed the head of the
serpent.
. ♦ .
"So your father said he must prov*
his love before he can marry you. Hn\t
does he expect him to prove it?" "By
figures, I imagine." — Brooklyn Life.
ST/\TE7VIEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Springfield fire and Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 3.,'gt day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 18HS, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of.
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash .^.sl,1 50", 000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $131,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 752.790 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company t.. 3,318,165 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 84.275 00
Cash in Company's Office 2».17' 99
Cash in Banks 119,266 34
Interest due and accrued on all
s: . ks and I>ans 81,810 92
Interest due and accrued on Bonda
and Mortgages 20.466 45
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 288,57183
Bills receivable, not Maturrd, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 988 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 7,144 6J
Total Assets $4. 774, 658 39
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $29,774 11
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 128. 656 49
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12.187 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 11,195,-
-545 75; re-insurance 50 p»>r cent 5r«7.772 S7
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,603.-
-93131; re-insurance pro rata 851,983 84
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks; re-Insur-
ance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks; reinsurance 50 per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 57.714 37
Total Liabilities ..$1,678. 088 9»
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 51.755.219 18
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 87,184 95
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 143. 3"4 75
Received for Rents 4,794 02
Total Income .$1.970.502 sg
EXPF.NDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $132,633 55 losses of pre-
vious years $934,670 18
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders 150,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 838,928 63
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 107. v<4 17
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 78.867 32
All other payments and expenditures 217,300 74
Total Expenditures $1,827,661 07
Losses incurred during the year,
flre ■ $951.152 44
Risks and Premiums. 'Fire Risks. (Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $211,049.675:52,178.027 34
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 192.417,221 2.270,68177
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898 265.026.971! 2.799.477 06
A W. DAMON, President.,
8. J. HALL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of January, 1599. P. S. BAILEY.
Notary Public.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 41 New York .Oct. 25
St. Louis ........Oct. 11l St. Louis Nov. 1
St. Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwera.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland- Oct. 4 Kensington .....Oct. 25
Southwark .. Oct. 11 Nordland Nov. I
Westernland ....Oct. 18 Frieeland Nov. 8
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KEEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU. Friday. October 17
HONGKONG-MART*.. Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MART Saturday, November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates, For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PF IHMfllfl Auckland for Sydney
BHsSIL vlil Honolulu and
WWOMUWm Auckland for Sydney
£. Wednesday, October
./^ i« \ 4, at 10 p. m.
jfamchinj The S. S. Australia
IMJIIJIIiy S -' Ba i] s . for Honolulu
fOfIIRJWU- Wednesday. October
VflliyUliq^ 18, nt 2 p. m.
Favorite I Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suet,
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
i. D. SPKECKELS & 3KOS. CO.. Agts.. 1(4 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Offlct. 327 Market St.
COMPA3NII GENERALE TRANSATLANTIC.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, ...-,^_
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. xAJ£t\
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■*?**&*»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. Sept. SO; LA
NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct.
14; LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA BRETAGNE.
Oct. 28. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45; 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific : Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
•PT'SINKSS OFFICE of The San Francisco
.rr.er of Market and Thinl streets, open
II o'clock even.' nt»jht <n In? year.
BRANCH OFFICES- fXI Montgomery street,
r rn"r Cay; cp*?n until 9:30 o'clock.
T'X) Ilavee «treet; open until 3:30 o'clock.
• McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
(U Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
•i". Mission street; open until 10 o
2261 Mnrket street, corner Sixteenth;
until 9 o'clock.
IOC Eleventh ftreet; open until 9 o'clock.
1 M Valencia street; open ;intil 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
: : kv "treetf: open until 9 o'c-lr-ck.
MEETING NOTICES-^
GOLDEN Gate Commander? No. 16, K. -f-_
T., Golden Gate building. 625 Sutter 'gal*
Pt.— Special Assembly THIS EVENING (TJ
at 8 o'clock. The Order of the Tempi* SH?
will be conferred. All fraters are v
courteously Invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
M
PAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L Royal _**_,
Arch Mason-, meets THIS EVENING. /CjP
R. A. I>«gr»«. _____
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. & A. m
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at -
7:80 o'clock. 3 D. Master Masons cor- T? 2k
dlally invited. By order of the W. M. *U y
WALTER O. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodg* No. 260. F. *
6 A. M.. 1889 Fill more st.— Second D»- JV
gree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING nt « V
730 o'clock. By order of the B. W. rW\
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
EUREKA Grove No. 4. V. A. O. D. The vftj
officers and the Funeral Committee of cXj
the above-named Grove are hereby notl- ;
fled to assemble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sinter
St., on TUESDAY, September 26, at 1 o'clock
p. m. for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our late brother, John Gelb. By order
CHAS QUAST. Secretary. j
ANNUAL meeting.— El Dorado Water and Deep !
Gravel Mining Co.— Notice is hereby given
that the annual meeting of the stockholders I
of the El Dorado Water and Deep Gravel I
Mining Company will be held at the office of ]
The company, at Placervllle, on MONDAY,
the twenty-fifth (25th) day of September, 1599.
Nt 7 o'clock p. in., for the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the en-
rulng year, and the transaction of such other
business as may erne before the meeting.
A. D. HENDERSON, Secretary.
Placerville. September 8, ISM.
YOUNG Men's Institute No. 74— To the officers
and members of Potrero Council, Young Men's
Institute No 74: You are hereby notified to
meet at 506 Twentieth st. MONDAY, Sept. 25,
1899, to attend the funeral of our late brother,
THOMAS CROW. Fines for non-attendance. ,
JAS. A. STRAIN SR.. Pres.
JAP. A. STRAIN JR., Reo. Sec. '
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic '
process from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek and
Woods Ravine, and from John O. Smith it
als., In the Smiths Blue Gravel mine, near .
Ono, Shasta County, to deposit tailings in a i
ravine Mow the mine, glvec notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build- j
Ing, San Francieco, Cal., on October ?, 1599. ! !
at 1:30 p. m. : :. i -
MEETINGS Universal Brotherhood. !;
THEOBOPHICAL Society in America, «19 i
Market Lecture on Sunday, "The Day of :
Judgment," by A. Spinks; International I
Brotherhood League Tuesday night; subject,
"Some Civilized Savages."
ACCOUNTANTS.
8. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits A
adjusts accounts for corporation* & firms; ref. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. •
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. I i
HOWE, atty at law, S.-0 Market, cor. Stocktn. |
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market st., opp. Mason; \
consultation free: moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker :
bldg. ; tel. Black 71; practices In all courts.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927 >
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance. !
J. R. PARKER, 918 Market St.. room 67; advice | -
free; charge low; business pushed. <
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma | -
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. 1
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. -
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. .1
BATH CABIXETS-THJKRMAL. _
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding -
like a screen; one panel opening as a door; <
call and see it; descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent, 4_. Ellis at. ■**?. :
BOARD AND BOOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictfy flrst-clasiT: 17U
Market ex., S. F., Cal.; American and Euro- "
jean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up;
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms, i
■'Oc; special rates by month, also to tourists.
A FEW persons having references can be ac-
commodated in a refined well-furnished home; m
excellent table and appointments; convenient ! "
_ to three car lines . 1007 Leavenworth st. '
GENTLEMAN can find ■•m and board in pri- 3
vate family at 232 Haight St.; tine location; I
Halght-st. cars pass door; terms moderate.
ELLIS, 607— Well -furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath; telephone; pas; piano.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
VAN NESS aye.. 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the ',
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. '
BOARD AND ROOMS WASTED.
ROOM and board in quiet home In country for '
young lady invalid and nurse; not too far from
'railroad station; San Mateo Co. preferred.
Address MRS. A. J. MURRAY. 2319 Webster. :
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. \
A WIDOW will earn for a baby or one or two .
children; nice home in the country. MRS. "
SHIVER. Antloch. Cal.
LADY, with pleasant home, would like child !
to board. Apply US Ninth St.
BOOKS — NEW wo OLD. " (
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 .Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
«50; BAKERY in live country town, 70
miles from city; a tirst-class paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. R. G. WILKE
{•06 Market st.
A—KOO; SALOON; Market St.. close to McAllls-
It: bargain. WILKK, 906 Market st.
A— s3so: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
in* Market st.
A— SS6O— CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $15; dally receipts $18; best loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILKE, iO6 Market.
$600— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent 525; dally receipts $25;
meals not lees than 25c; bargain. R. G
WILKE. SOS Market st.
A— s6oo; ELEGANTLY fixed up and flnst-clasa :
paying saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent i
$50; lease; disagreement of partners cause
Of Bale. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— SI2OO— DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
In very best location and doing a good pay-
Ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Call R. G. WILKE, SOb
Market st.
A— S36OO— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
St.; rent $35; old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; all cash custom. Inquire R.
O. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60, mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole- \
sale houses and iron foundries; place clearing
above $150 per month; lease; a splendid otter.
R. G. WILKE. SOS Market st.
A— $45OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market St.; open day and night; no
better paying place in this city; lease. H. G.
WILKE. 906 .Market Ft. ■
A- $250; partner wanted: commlss'n, produce
business; grand chance. M. LESS. 765 Market.
BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
living rooms; cheap rent; owner owns build-
ing; will give lease. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
COFFEE Faloor. and restaurant vicinity
Call building; clearing $300 monthly; proof
furnished; sickness. M. LESS. 76" Market.
$900— RESTAURANT doing a business averaga
$35 dally death cause of sale: rare chance.
Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market st.
$100— GOOD chance for oysterman; an estab-
lished oyster business for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777^. Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT; good for man and wife;
Investigation allowed; $250 will buy a fine va-
riety and bakery: sickness cause for selling;
Kood location. Good country hotel also coun-
try «en. store for sale. EITEL. Market.
? 450— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, school
supplies, opposite school of SOO children; doing
business t2O day; milk alone pays rent; 4 liv-
ing^TO6 bath; rent $16. Jones A Co.. 86S Mkt.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale; good location;
good place for the work. MANN, box 2837,
Call office. ■•■ ."'-•'•
MEAT market, doing a large family cash
trade, must be sold. For particulars address
box 23K, Call office. .._
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall; rent
very low. Inquire WILLIAM HENDUKK-
SON & CO., 614 Call building.
BAKERY and confectionery In the Western
Addition, with 4 living ra^nis. Apply Monday
to Thursday, bet. 8 and 0 p. m., at 307 Cali-
fornia St., In coffee saloon.
FOR sale— A good paying .saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: long lease; terminus of
car line. Box 2313. Call office.
FOR s.>!»- raying: tea and coffee route: owner
leaving olty. Address box 2182, Call office.
A I. FA • - Market St.. will exchange or
sell your property or business quickly.
PARTNER wanted; man or woman: good cook
-oirant. Box 8842, Call office.
}■'< |R sale— Fine grocery and bar. Corner Poet
and Devlsadero sts.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-establlsh»d
business, tools and stock; low rent. 826
Washington Rt.
WANTED— Grocery and bar with 3 or 4 sunny
rooms in back. Bux 1234, Call office.
LARK Saloon, U Beventh St., L O. O. F. build-
ing, opp. new Postofflce building; make offer.
MILK route; 22 cans per day: 8 horses, wagon,
eto. 313 Langton. nr. Bryant, bet. 7th & Sth.
$160- BARBER shop. If sold before October 1;
$200 to $250 month: Investigate. Box 2183, Call.
FOR BALE— Corner 6a loon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon; j
side entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and i
a good business. 632 Market St., room 6.
U SALOON; nicely fitted up; centrally
located. Inquire Convention, 423 Bubh st.
1400— RESTAURANT, with every convonlence;
fine location: good trade; sickness. 100S Hyde.
FOR sale cheap — Wood, coal, hay, grain and
feed business. Xl-: cor. Valley and Dolores.
FOR Ra!e— Engravers' well established busi- j
ness !n a good town: brightest prospects. Ad-
dress bux 21"S, Call office.
wood and coal yard on account of sickness;
:■ 92 Howard st. : a bargain. Apply to J. A.
LENNON. MS Clay «i
Jll.V-BRANCH bakery for sale; 2 living rooms.
806% Filbert st.
NOTION Bazaar for sale; toys, stationery, fan-
cy goods: half price. Room 127, 123* Market.
A. WHITE 4 CO., 997 Market St.— Do you want
a quick sale? List yuur bargains with us.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling .i liuslness,
trust ti Pacific Room Renting Co.. 428 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CASWKLL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento rt.
PRIVATE hoarding house; 15 rooms; all full;
r Market. Box 1341, Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Cn!l office.
tun taie — paying inEiae rouie ou mis
paper. Apply Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR -.lie— One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats; In excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight 960 pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
st., room 15.
FOR sale— Al 3 can milk wagon: also double-
seated business buggy; part cash, balance
monthly Installments. 22 Cortland aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & BON. 2117 Mission st.
LIGHT spring wagon and harness for sale
cheap. 53S McAllister st.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton: top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AMD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 3,"3 357 Tehama st. ; tel. S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth Ft.; tel. South 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st.: phone South 14«.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GBO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. 1: MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sura
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear Bt.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M IKITUAJLISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated trance
test medium, life reader and medical clair-
voyant; sittings, $1. • "■■■-. ■■■■
The Sick Diagnosed Free.
Come and Be Cured.
By her wonderful revealed remedies and "new
method" of treatment for chronic, special and
obscure diseases.
She has the divine gift of second sight and
can show you the way out of trouble, physical
or mental, and give you health. 232 Stockton
St.. between Poet and Geary. Send stamp
for circular and terms of treatment.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; trance and
developing circle, Mon. & Frl., 25c, 2, 8 p. m. ;
meetings, Tues. & Thurs. 2, 8 p. m. 10c; sit-
tings dally.
MAD A ME a. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 'Larkin st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
MM!. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212><. Sixth Bt.
MME. MORE AU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
'Cr : re»-Ilnc- hv mull *1 X <..v.i.,fl» tt
C. STEERS, medium: 112^4 Oak St.; circles
Tues., 8 p. m. ; Th.. 2 p. m. ; 25c; readings, $1.
MRP. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
SPIRIT test, busine?B medium; sit. 60c, $1; cir-
cle Tues., Thurs., Sat. at 8, 10c. 610 Valencia.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Bth; fee 2."c up; satisfaction.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.V; ladies. Pl 4 OTarrell st.
COLI,E(TI»N OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; noThargeTuiT
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LKT,
MODERN 6-room cottage. $20; keys at 2304 Ful-
ton St., Park House.
BUNNT cottages. 5 rooms, bath, basement; flat
of 7 rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.,
near Dolores.
BUNNT cottage; 7 rooms and bath; $20. GEO.
W. H. PATTKRSON & CO., 1706 Market st.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
fre» K<s follins st., nr. Geary.
DBMTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS 1 dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zunkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
I'lied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings fr.>m 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filied or crowned without i>ain: plates that fit
from $4 F.O up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: tfeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for oalnlesß dentistry,
SynoL on application to, the gums, removes
the pain; fiee our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; rUlinßs, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
rental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Ma 7
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crown.",
$3 .SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. in. ; Sundays 6 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreli st7~ex^
tracts and tills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges $4-
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric^
lty; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices- 10
operators; no students. 997 Market Bt.
DR. LI"DM'M HILL, 1443 Market st near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWJMT prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
V Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate-. DR. H <T
YOUNG. 1841 Polk nt.
A WEEK'S nsws for 8 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for malltng, $1 per yew!
\
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1899.
EDICATIOXAL.
HEALP'S Business College, 24 Post st., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; Individual Instruction:
200 graduates annually placed In positions.;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand. typewriting,
bookkeeping. electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing. German, Spanish.
English, trrammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition wlthinreach of all.
AYRES 1 Business College. 728 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue^
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses: references. Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 303 Montgomery-
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; tunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1238 Markr
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey. assay. archi. :daj- and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAHJLrBN. S« Market.
mathematics, mechanics, steam, graphics.
etc.: circulars and specimen lesson paper*;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth St.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline ft., Oakland. .
LAW Schools r«27 Market. S. F.. and MS Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; t-.rrespondence.
SINGING piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish.
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye.. r. 5-7; Jiours_2 to 8.
PIANO and German; pupil of r-onservatory of
Lelpaic; lessons. TBc. .".20 Golden Gate ave.^
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st . opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing:
day and nlgnt; terms low. VHi Mjsswn.nr.6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nited States, postpaid, for $1 prr year.
KMPLOY.MKNT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42* Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Hrar:t :■'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE. |
LADIES, we can supply you with first-class I
servants at short notice. If orders left ex- I
..i... .. i.. ...i.l, ... T V r'BlKl-TT Jk CO .
ClUSlveiy wnn us. j. r. 1 « >_*->
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian girl desires a situ-
ation as cook or houseworker; good ref.
MISS H. CTLLINAN. phone Main 651.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as second
girl or assist housework: $12 to $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st-
YOUNG Swedish girl desires a situation as
nursegiri. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter st.
KJHST-CI^ASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, good waitress and seam-
stress; ref. MRS. WORTON. H3 Suiter St.
SWEDISH nunegirl wishes situation; good
seamstress. MRS. NORTON. SU Sutter st.
GOOD American woman wants work by the
day; cleaning empty houses: also carpet
cleaning and all kinds of work: tine worker;
$1 a day and car. fare. 276 Jessie St., near
Fourth, first floor, room 1.
GERMAN woman wants situation for gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; wages
$15. 146-". Ellis Bt.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper In fam-
ily; competent to instruct children In music.
Box 849. Call
GOOD cook. German, seeks engagement In
or restaurant, W. DOBUHURST, 802
Montgomery *t.
yOUNQ girl wishes place to do light house-
work. Call 322 Kearny st.
AN experienced girl for general housework and
cooking; wages S2u. $2.".. call Bl Hickory aye.
OPERATORS wanted vn dressmaking. 120'-j
Hayea st.
QOQS plain cook. 2C40 Howard st., near
Twenty-third.
GIRL tor t'li^ral housework. Call after 9
a. m., :<-';"» Fulton st. ■
GIRL for housework; $10 month; good home.
2357 Howard st.
AN elderly woman wishes light housework in a
small family in this city. Address M., Clem-
ent st and Thirty-first avenue, care of F.
Brown.
LADY, with general knowledge about cleaning
and renovating dresses and clothing, etc..
wishes work by the day; may also take work
at home. 2iis> 2 Van Ness avenue.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work, ladles'
or misses', in families by the day or at home.
919 A Sutter St., telephone 962 Larkin.
COMPETENT laiiy stenographer and type-
writer wants steady city position; salary $50
per month: five years In last place; best ref-
erences. Box 2336, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged widow, without
any lncumbrances, wishes a position as
housekeeper for widower or bachelor, in city
or country, for a good home. Address MRS.
H. BURT. Kfl Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED nurse; kind, willing; mental
or other cases; chronics preferred; salary $12
to $15 a week; prominent physician's refer-
ence. Address 2206 Stelner Bt.
LADY wishes position in widower's family;
competent to Instruct children In music. Bux
•>?,*<<. Call.
YOUNG woman wants situation as cook, or
general housework; wages $25. Address box
2314, Call office.
A LADY with a child wants to get a place to
work in a small family with small wajees and
a good home; would go to Oakland. X?all at
179 Fourth st.. city; no triflers.
REFINED lady, experienced traveler, desires
position of lady's companion, amenuensis or
governess; is willing to travel or go to coun-
try: reference exchanged. .Address box 2361,
(all office.
LADY of good appearance, qualified to fill of-
fice position, accustomed to meeting people,
desires position In an office or with whole-
sale house. Address Experienced Traveler,
hox 2363. Call office.
WOMAN wishes day"B work of any kind. Ad-
dress 19'^ Church aye., bet. Powell and
Stockton and Broadway and Vallejo sts.
SITUATION wanted by a young orphan girl to
take care of children for home or small wages.
Please call or adilress C. <".. 209 Charter Oak
aye., bet. Silver and Augusta, San Bruno
road.
A FIRST-CLASS Danish girl desires situation
to do upstairs work; city or country. 60S
Locust aye., off Laguna St.; phone Scott 740.
PROTESTANT woman with child 4 years old.
place as working housekeeper; is a good cook,
('all at 1309 Lyon st.
TOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper;
city or country. 307 Fourth at., room 18.
LADY would like a place as housekeeper; city.
1133 Valencia st.
WINCHESTER Houbc 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 nisrht; $1 B0 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
t
WANTED— Work by a young man at window
nnd housecleanlng by the day, or other work.
HENRY ANDERSKN, 902 Bush St.; Tei. East
963.
GERMAN butcher, all round at the trade,
peeks position In country town. Box 2304.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man; printer,
bookkeeper, good penman and accurate at
figures; wages no object. Address box 2329,
Call office.
STEADY Job in furniture and carpet store;
carpet laying preferred. Box 2345, Call office.
TOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation In private place; can milk; handy
with tools: tempei-ate habits; references. V.
LUND, Silo Seventh St., Oakland.
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced en-
Clneer wishes a position; best of references.
Address box 2801, Call.
AN Italian, recently arrived and wltn best
references, desires employment as sculptor;
!s proficient In drawing, modeling and all
sorts of ornamental work, cornices, etc. ;
holds silver medal Academy of Genoa, Italy.
Address L. F. LASTRETO, 318 Front St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b«en established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nited States, poa'paifl. for $' ncr year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market St., San Francisco; exam. free.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard: linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed laid and lined.
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton st.. nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furnlture7~etc. : high-
est price paid; postal. 11. COLKMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc.; highest
rrlce paid; postal. M. Stlversteln.ll2l Market.
EXCHANGE.
UNIMPROVED ranch property, 200x400. In
Martinez, Cal.. value $4000, to exchange for
S. F. real estate. Box 2316, Call office.
HALF Interest In a business: same owner 28
years; capital needed $3000. Call room 3, 10071.4
Market St., near Sixth.
HOTEL men— You will find several good hotelß.
_ Callroom^ 100714 Market St., near Sixth.
TO exchange any kind of property go to room
■i. 1007' j. Market St.. near Sixth.
FLATS TO LET.
BI'SH. 2128— Sunny modern flat; seven (7)
rooms, large jard and basement; rent reason-
able.
FINE double flat, 8 rooms and bath; yard and
garden; reduced rent. 658 Hayes st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sun-
ny; r«pt $12. 1718 Leavenworth *t.
GEARY. 22231*— n a t o f S sunny rooms; rent
reasonable.
GROVE. 644-Slx large sunny rooms, bath and
j all modern Improvements; $22.
NEAR City Hall: sunny upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 27 Birch aye., oft Larkin St., bet.
Grove and Fulton.
I O'FARRELL, 1933 to 1937— New flats lust com-
pleted: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & 1
BURKE.
I SEVENTH, 454. corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between. 1 and *.
$!< -MINNA, 1025— Flat of four sunny rooms;
all conveniences.
4 ROOMS and stable; $m Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, ABtrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 116 Kearny, top floor.
' ■ j
lll.ll' WASTED AGENTS.
AGENTS to write bicycle protection against
theft for home company; big money to right
parties. Between lfi and 12, room 30, 305 Lar-
kin st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and
$15, 3 in family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
A-HOL'SEWORK. San Rafael. $25; Aiameda.
$20; Oakland, $25; Stockton, $25; cook and
second girl, same place. $;'■> and $15; 10
housework, city, $25 and $20; 12 young girls
to assist, $10. $12 and $15. city and country.
MISS CULLEN, 228 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, <-!ty. $30; American family,
Oakland, $2f,; San Rafael, $2".; Aiameda, $20;
Berkeley, $20; Bakerstleld, $25; Mill Valley,
$20; St. Helena, $15; Stockton, $20; Harbor
View, $25; Santa Rosa, $15; San Jose, $15, and
several other towns; 20 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. |
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st., phone
Main (51. j
WOMAN with a child to do chamberwork and
waiting; Mountain View; $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 523 Sutter st.
COOK, Institution, $35; 2 laundresses, institu-
tion $25 each; cook, $30; 25 houseglrls. $25
and $20; second girl, $15. MRS. NORTON.
:n3 Sutter st
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting, $21'; laun-
dress, $1S: waitress, $2'>: country hotels. HO- I
TEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery s l ..
WANTED— Neat young girl to do general
housework and care of children; sleep home;
wages $H). Cull bet. 10 a. m. and Ip. m., I>ls
Webster st.
GIRLS to learn glove-making; hand sewing.
BUSBY'S Glove Factory, 207-209 Sacramento
st., or. of Davis.
\\ \NIED A girl for second work and wait-
ing. Apply bet. 9 and 12, NE. cor. of Clay
and Broderick sts.
WANTED— Lady or gent familiar with pre-
serving fruit. Call room 3i>, Russ House,
before 11 a. m.
CKUMAN or Swedish girl wanted for general
housework. Apply at 824 Capp St., bet. 9
and 11 a. m.
N'KAT. strung Kirl for general housework and i
cooking, 750 Castro st.. near Tw.-nt y-tlrst.
WANTED— Apprentice on custom-made coats;)
paid well while learning. 659 Clay, room 7.
A NEAT woman to assist with children and
housework; $10; San Rafael. 734 Pine at., S.F.
WANTED — Young girl to mlnfl baby; wages
$5. Apply 1410 Vermont St.. near 25th.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; 3 In
family; wages $12. Apply 1449 McAllister St.
YOUNG girl for upstairs work and mending.
2207 Buchanan st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom coats;
good wagf-s. B4H Sixth Bt.
RELIABLE girl for second work and assist
with children. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. US Russ st.
j GIRL to help lady In shooting gallery. 424
Dupont St.; Call 1 p. m.
FINISHER oh custom coats; steady work;
good wages. 528 Jessie St.
APPRENTICE on coats. A. SIDLOWSKI, 528
Jessie st.
GIRL for general housework and waiting at
table; references. 1268 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. Call
bet. 8 and 10, 2643 Bryant aye.
WANTED— GirI or middle-aged woman for
light housework. 214 Seventh st.
YOUNG girl for housework in family of 3;
reference. 1711 Webster st.
GIRL wanted to take care of baby. 408V4
lArkln st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; good
wages; steady work. 410 Kearny st.. room 33.
FEW operators wanted on overalls, as also on
overshlrts; we have also a few vacant ma- I
chines for learners; steady work; can earn
from $4 to $8 per week when experienced.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32<4 Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS wanted to work in factory on
ladles' and children's wear. 723 Market St..
room S5.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; Ger-
man preferred; $20; two in family. Call Mon-
day 1 to 3. 2217 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2S experienced waist hands at 8. F.
Mfg. Co.. Call at 40»A Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework in
small family. 1816 Steiner st.
GIRL for general housework; $25: good cook;
_ call between 9 and 12 o'clock. 423 Cole St.
WANTED — Tailoress and bottonhole-maker.
1282 Folsom st.
SHIRT and overall operators; Inexperienced in-
structs. Appl'- 4Hiu, Mission it.
WANTED— First-class pants finishers; steady
work; good pay. 411 V^ Kearny Ft.; top floor.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on custom
coats; steady work. R. 115-117. l'helan bldg.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCIS. 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— lmprovers on waists. FRANCIS,
756 Sutter st.
F I KPT-CLASS stenographer who can keep set
entry books. Apply box 2353. Call.
TAILoRKSS wanted to work on pants. SO3
Montgomery St., 3d floor, room 6; high wages.
SO GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36V4 Fremont «t.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post it.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
housework and some sewing; small wages.
635H Stevenson Ft.
WANTED— Woman for housework. 66 Car-
mellto St.. off Herman and Waller, between
Pierce and Scott.
GIRL for general housework; good wages. 629
_McAllister st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO^
CIATION. Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worK on fruit at
176 San Jos* aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been enUbJisbed at im Va-
lencia Bt. j
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Pastry cook, country hotel, $40:
secor:d baker, $13 week; bellboy, $15; ranch
cook. $15; restaurant, hotel and boarding
house cook, $10, $12 and $14 week and $30 to
$50 month; waiters, dishwashers and othera.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian man
about place, $30; 3 laborers for warehouse.
$2 50 day; farmers, $26 and $26; stablemen, $25
and found and $45 and $50; diver, $5 day;
woodturner; errand boy, $3 week; 8 carpen-
ters. $2 to $3 day, free fare; barkers,
swampers, jackscrewers, choppers and oth-
er woodsmen for California and Oregon;
75 laborers for mill, woods, mines, pick and
shovel and other work. $1 75 to $2 day and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st
OFFICE open Monday, 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FEE FREE FARE
For coaat road, ship Tuesday morning, laboK
ers and teamsters; fre« fee. C. R. HANSN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK FREE FARE
20 laborers for track work. $1 75 a day. board
$4 50 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
10 STONEMASONS. $3 50; 15 helpers. $2: fur
railroad work; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Gearv st.
FARE ADVANCED SAWMILL WORK
Crosscutters. $30; barkers, $30; snipers, $35;
jackscrewers, $35; swampers, $26; see boss
here^C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
! CABINET-MAKER. $2 50; sack sewerTs2 ajid
board; hostler, $L's and found; almond pickers,
$1 2'< and board; blacksmith, ranch. $40 and
found: 2 carpenters, $3 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & <■().. 104 Geary 9t.
SECOND cook, hotel. Honolulu. $60. free fare;
see carty here to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary St.
3 WAITERS, same country hotel. $25; waiter,
country hotel. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
YOUNG man with references who can drive de-
livery wagon and knows something of green
grocer business; $10 a week and Increase. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
CHEF, $100; 3 waiters. $50; north. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MILKER who understands cow» and .calves.
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FREE FARE FOR MARTINEZ
10 4-horse scraper teamsters $2 25 a day
10 2- horse scraper teamsters $2 a day
10 laborers $2 a day
SHIP TO-DAY
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 CARPENTERS to do rough flume building for
a company. $3 a day, about 3 months' work;
scroll workers, city; buggy washer, $50; har-
ness cleaner, $50: 2 stablemen. $40 and $25; 3
men for bean fields, $1 day and found: grape
pickers. $1 and found. C. R. HANHBN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH or German chef. $100; 2 French, Swiss
or Alsatian second cooks, country, $60; res-
taurant cooks. $14, $13. $12. $11. $10, $9 and SS
a week, city;' fry cook, $50; p'otwashers and
dishwashers, $30 and $25: scrubber, hotel, $:w,
cleaner for a springs hotel, $20; cook and
helper. $70.
Railroad camp cook, $50, free fare.
6 hotel waiters, $30: restaurant waiters, $45.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
BARKEEPER, hotel. $40 and found. C. R.
HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
POLISHER, country. $12 a week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LAI'NDRYMAN am! \vif>, p., Usher ami Ironer,
$90. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
! ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton m Three men
to pick grapes. $1 a day and found; two farm-
hands on vineyard. $30; man and wife, pri-
vate place, etc.
BROILER and second cook, $55: fry cook. $40;
porter. $20; waiter, $25: dishwasher. $20.
HOTEL GA7JETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS < .patmakers and bushelmen to
work by the day: work inside. Apply to
S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
Vut'N'G man as clerk on board ship: must
write a good hand. Apply 10 a. m. to chief
steward U. S. A. T. Grant, Kolsom-st. wharf.
WANTED— I bushelman and presser. San
Jose Woolen Mills Co.. room 3, 523 Market
st., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
BOY to learn th<» painters' and paperhangers'
trade: bring reference. V. BRACE, 3022
Sixteenth st. ,
I'N'MERI'RESSKR on custom pants. BELAS-
CO & HARRIS CO. (Inc.), 541 Market st.
WANTED— A good waiter. 29 Fourth st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at ?06 Mission st.
WANTED— Good and sober dishwasher at 8
Jackson st.
BiiY wanted who understands business. Fruit
store, 715 Polk st.
WOODTURNER wanted. GEORGE C. PAPE,
Berkeley, Cal.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1830 Haight rt.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 407 Bush st. ;
fair wages.
PANTRYMAN wanted. Capital Restaurant,
2' Mi McAllister St.. near Hyde.
WANTED— Good waiter. 106 Second st.
WAITER wanted at California Cafe. 17 and 19
Powell st.
EXPERIENCED boy wanted; carriage paint-
Ing 329 Golden Gate aye.
BARBER with 2 years' experience at 825 Va-
lencia st.
STEADY waiter in restaurant. 1759 ft Mis-
■ slon st.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 467 Tenth St.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Stenographer-bookkeeper for coun-
try; $30. with rm. & bd. K. R.. box 2091, Call.
FIRST-CLASS pressman wanted Immediately.
509 Kearny st., room 2.
BOOTBLACK wanted: only good man need ap-
ply. 22S Montgomery st.
COOK and dishwasher wanted. 629 Davis st.
WASHINGTON. 17— Wanted a lunch waiter.
AN errand boy wanted at 138 Russ st.
WANTED— Steady barber; sober man. 408 ft
Sixth st.
STRONG young boY to work In bakery. 108
Ninth st.
WANTED— Carriage and wagon blacksmith
htlper. 406 Eleventh st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 3 Jackson st.
BOY who attends school, over 15, to carry
morning route. Call before 9, 409 Franklin st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 820 Howard.
WANTED— Bootblack. 1007 Valencia St.; bar-
ber shop.
GOOD boy wanted to work in tailor shop. Call
at 135 Natoma st.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop; $75; good to trade;
rent $10; 6ickness. STOLT7J. 630 Market st.
THREE-chalr »hop cheap If sold to-day; trial
Klven. BTUT/TZ. 630 Market st. >
CONCRETE men and laborers to work on Cal-
ifornia Powder Works" reservoir at Pinole;
laborers watqjs $2 per day; no discount; cash
payment when men quit or discharged;
board $4 60 per week. E. M. CARR, Pinole.
PARTY well acquainted and controlling busi-
ness can secure position in large fire and
marine Insurance office; salary paid to right
party. Address box 2307. Call.
WANTED— Several GOOD DEPUTY ORGAN-
IZERS for ONE of the BEST FRATERNAL
ORDERS in California. Call or address DR.
W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth St., room 6; hours,
10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
$65 PER month can be made by steady man;
permanent place: IJght work: must have
small capital. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— Experienced driver for milk wagon
In city; reference required; $35 and found.
W. D. EWER, 610 Clay St.
WANTED— Experienced wrappers. State ex-
perience, age and salary expected. Box 2306,
Call.
16 YOUNG men for hunting trip; no experience
required. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Two live men: good proposition
guaranteed. Apply at 22 Post St., from 7:30
to 8:30 p. m., Sept. 25.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
PLUMBER wanted; a good jobber. 419 Mason
street.
GOOD tailor; steady work all year round. R.
115-117. Phelan building.
TINSMITH (first olass) wanted. Apply 685
Mission st.
TAILOR for busheling on military tailoring;
«teady work; good pay. 2SIB Greenwich at.
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy and men's fur-
nishing salesmen. Box 2554, Call office.
JOB printer with $1200; grand opportunity;
clears $100 per month; business established 17
years. Address box 2180, Call.
BARBERS— Good 3-chalr shop at a bargain if
sold soon; prices 15c and 25c. Box 2184. Call.
WANTED — Three men of energy to canvass;
straight salary. 8 a. m., 300 Post st.
WANTED— First-class plan man for ston*
work. Colusa Stone Conyjanjt, 206 Keajzn Bt^
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY '& READY...... PHONE MAIN 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
harness makers.. stone and concrete masons
upholsterers slate splitters
wood turners mill bench hands
cabinetmakers sash door makers
block maker? .letters sawmills
machinists on corrugated rolls coopera
wages above Jobs. $5, $4 $3 50. $3. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
164 laborers and teamsters, $2 50, $2. $1 75 day.
_MURRAY & READY, 6:14-6:56 Clay st.
STABLEMEN 777.77.... OTHER HELP
14 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country. $50, $40,
$30. $25 and found; b!po help for Utah, Ore-
gon, Washington, Hawaiian Islands. Ari-
zona. British Columbia. MURRAY & READY.
_634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS
GRAPE PICKERS
665 MEN AND BOYS
....FARES $125. OFFICE FEK $1 ONLY....
....ANYBODY WILL SUIT; YOU WILL....
—80 to HO days' work. $30 per mo. and fd
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS, ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
197 MEN FOR 50 different Jobs
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
..WAGES. J26 to $40 per month and found..
ALSO LUMBER PILERS. crosscut sawyers.
tree fellers, bark peelers. Jack screwers.
woodsmen and vnillmen of every descrip-
tion. $80, $75, $65, ISO, $45. $40, $30 and found;
woodchoppers, tiemakers, r-hingle and bolt
makers, picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY. 6:!4-6?.« Clay at.
WE SHIP JO- FREE FREE FARE
to every R. R in California but one
drillers, hommersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stone masons, etc., from $3 50 day: boaru
lodging, etc., .coßt $4 60 week < remember the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.). MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
25 carpenter. 8 hours, free fare. 16 mile? from
San Francisco, 9 months' Job $3 day
18 carpenters, city and country Job —$3 day
MURRAY & RgADY. 6J4-636 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES
4 SILVER MINES
W OTHER MINES
25 miners $2 50 day
184 laborers (no experience wanted), $57 per
month. Including board and lodging
26 laborers, fare $150, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine
%M and found
27 laborers, large mine $63
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOILER-iTaKERS MACHINISTS
BLACKSMITHS
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day
6 machinists, city and country Jobs —$3 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers. .$6O. $50. {35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP
6 farmers and wives.. 2 waiters and waitresses
2 milkers and wives -
2 chambermaids and porters
6 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
Wife to cook for men, man as choreman on
ranch; $60, $55, $50, $45, $40. $35, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
32 cooks. s6s, $55, $50, $45, $40, $35. $30 and found
19 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
88 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 first, 5 second. 6 third hand bakers, also 5
boys to learn, $45. $40, $35. $30, $25. $20, $15
and found; come and see us; 15 porters, bed-
makers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
Janitors $30. $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laun-
drymen $35, $30, $25 and found
5 cooks and wives. MURRAY 4; READY, 634-
-6S« Clay st. •
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
25 laborers (no experience), fare 50c $60
12 laborers, fare $1 50 $60
IS teamsters, fare 75c $2 25 day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50, $3, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day;
3 milk wagon drivers, city, $35, $25 and found;
young man for a grocery store, city.....
$20 and found
6 railroad section hands, fare 50c $60
MRURAY & READY, 634-638 Clay at.
A— CHOREMEN AND 80Y5...
83 choremen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work In factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc., $40, $30, $25, $20,
" $15, $10 and found; by the day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
SEE BOSS AT OUR OFFICE TO-DAY
For a large sawmill, fare PAID
50 experienced woodsmen BIG WAGES
S3 experienced ralllmen BIG WAGES
60 laborers (no experience wanted), $26 to $40
and found: beautiful climate In California.
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARE........ 654 and 636 Clay st.
8 BAKERS and confectioners; cook and wife,
$90; wheelwright, country shop; cook and
wife. $60. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— HARVEST FIELDS .........FARMS AND
DAIRIES 1
hoe downs, cleaner tenders, forkers. 4 labor-
ers to work around thrasher, sack sewers,
straw bucks, derrick forkers, fireman, $4. $3,
$2 50, $2, $1 75, $1 50 day....
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm lianas, steady Jobs .'.
$35, $30, $26 and found
9 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FRUIT and grape pickers, Sonoma, Napa.
Santa Clara and other counties, $30 and
found; help for private families. $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. j
FARE PAID OREGON FARE PAID
25 men to work for a sawmill company.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
'. '. READ THESE
Butcher, cafe near city, easy, good Job
2 cooks. Government and State institutions..
$40 and found
Machine blacksmith, city $3 day
Blacksmith on wagons" ironwork $3 day
Wood turners .".
Grape pickers by the ton $150 ton
Help for foundry and wineries, city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
'. $3 50 day.. COAL MINERS. .S3 50 day
... TO SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH........
Fare paid; boss at our office; come see him
We Shipped 20 Last Monday
Shipping 75 Tuesday Next
...: Shipping 75 Saturday Next
there has not been any labor trouble
there is not now any labor trouble
there will not be ....any. labor trouble
great contracts have been made by the RR.
companies for the coal, which will lneure
work for years to come.
REMEMBER
If you are in British Columbia, Oregon,
Washington or other States, or any part of
California, come at once and we will ship
DON'T WRITE ....MURRAY & READY.
#->/->Vft7' VAITPGPT 'C CM anil RIR ("-10,. at .
_ J '\
SPECIAL IMPORTANT
2 TEAMSTERS, GOVERNMENT WORK ..
$2 day
housecleaner, institution, city
$20 and found
j 2 grill ironworkers, city $3 day
■ mess boy; young man city coal yard
6 miners, fare $2 60 $60
extra butcher, $2 day: man to carry bread:
2 carpenters, . Shasta Co $2 75 day
10 laborers, a new mine $52 and found
second hotel cook, fare paid $35 and found
second cook $14; night cook, $12; 4th cook, $10.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
UPHOLSTERER wanted— Steady work; good
pay to right party. Address HOCK &
HUTCHISON. Seattle. Wash.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m., at the Stevenson-pt. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— Young man to drlfe milk wagon at
816 Treat aye.
WANTED — Band sawing and shaper man
EAST. OAKLAND PLANING MILL.
BOY wanted who speaks German. J. HUSCH-
LER. 1336 Alabama st.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St., third floor, room 4.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonno-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's- Barber College, «35 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wagaa
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S, camp, near San Pablo sta-
. tion, on .Valley Road. , .
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Mark et;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. - H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping' Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to 35c: heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 138^ Eighth st.
200 SINGLE ! furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and , 25c
_ per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
_ IS na.rMK la Yxvua£&. tot ""'""«. IX jpec vea.r^_
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggiet,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneer .
FOR SALE— Fifteen fresh milk cowe. Apply
to JAMES JACOBS, San Carlos, San Mateo
County.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. finr. O .lden Gate ay.
HORSEs WANTED.
WANTED— Young stylish horse. gentle, to
drive and ride. Address box 1272. '"all office.
HOISES LODGING — FOR SALE.
CLEARS $200
'..... ONLY $1600 ...
M rooms; corner; rent $55 $" 51
18 rooms; on Tu«k, near Market 550
2U rooms; on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms: cornur; apartment house l>j n '
11-room house; one floor *jfl
12 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2:0')
36 rooms: on Market st.; clears $200 14j<>
H. C. DECKER, W» Market :-t., opp. Fifth.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st., new cash buyer dally.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market et.
1". rooms; Jones St.: part cash $*■'•>
L'l rooms; rent $40: only 480
24 rooms; n»nt f3.">; corner 6>jO
55 rooms ; must sell ; make offer to-day.
Money to Loan at 2 per cent
$700— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent S9O month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, I Ed<l.\ .
$32.*— 20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$9(»0 WILL buy a corner house of 32 rooms; all
full. EITEL, 1868% Market st.
FOR genuine bargains or for a loan on your
furniture go to PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, 1007% Market st.. near Sixth.
1900 FINK sunny corner; 12 rooms; central; al-
waya paya BTUNSAKER, 6 Eddy »t.
ROOMS; sunny; all rested; good fur-
niture- Mason st. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy -t
F< >X Bale— Lii'lKlng-hmise, 2 blocks from Mar-
ket st, at sacrifice on account of death. Ap-
ply KELLY. 437 Parrott builllng.
TO rent— 9-room lodging-house, with private
entrance in rear; newly painted, papered;
SI3H O'Farrell St., nr. Mason. 15 Grant aye.
BEALE. 343, near Santa Fe Terminal— Large
house 50 rooms; good renting location.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
lng. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearnv.
HOISES TO LET.
A^PRINTEb list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A M SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
ROUSES. FLATS.
1914 Clay; 12 TOM $7.". 110% Turk; 8 rm5.. ..545
1503 Washington; »r 50 132 Sett; I mis... IS
910 McAllister; 9 r. « 707 Stockton; 6 r.. 25
1823 Broadway; 8 r.. 30 418 Fulton; 3 rms.. 10
A- MlO MCALLISTER st.; fine snnny 9 rooms,
bath- reduced from $45 to $40 to quod tenant.
A. M. SPECK & CO., H67 Market st.
HOUSE 8 rooms, bath, laundry, storeroom,
large stable and lawn; rent $30. Apply JIM
Twenty-fourth st.
HOUSE "i I r..oms, bath, modern Improve-
ments; rent $16. 27.".ti Twenty-third st.. bet.
York and Hampshire.
HOUSE huntinc made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
JONES. 1502— A modern house, bay-window,
splendid condition, large basement; >s block
from Jackson-st. cars; marine view.
LACUNA, 1715-1717— Two sunny modern
houses each of 8 rooms and bath; newly pa-
pered.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 205— House of 6 rooms,
in fine order; yard: $.f,.
$1S — 4 ROOMS and bath, gas range, gas mantle.
113 Olive aye.. near Polk and O'Farrell sts.
LOST AND FOIND.
LOST— Saturday ni«ht: pair of opera glasses.
Reward for return to 1713 Broderick St.. near
Bush.
LOST— Pocket-book with the name of W. M
Fletcher on cover, containing papers. Leave
at 318 Bush st. for reward.
FOUND— Thursday, cur. Fourth and Market
st?.. gold Masonic badge, initials A. B. D. on
front. 4S Fourth •_
FOUND— Bicycle; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. 3481
Nineteenth st.
LOST— Purse on 10:30 boat or Berkeley train
Sunday. Liberal reward at 130 Ellis st.
LOST— GoId chain and locket: "C. H. P."; re-
i ward. 30 Geary st.. care of laundry office.
FOUND— Hound, tan with white spots, 3 days
ago at Myrtle aye. and Franklin st. Ad-
dress box 2303. Call office.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco; all diseases curtd exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market st. ;
now at 118 Eddy St., one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket it.; bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
MRS. DR WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larktn.
MRS. DR. DA VIES. ladles' physician. 1228
Market st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
87 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to S p. rr..
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
e»s*s of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
RICH placer mines; paying; man with $500;
good chance. Address box 1239. Call office.
CAPE Nome mines; big chance for right man
Address box 1232. Call office.
MIXES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills bldg.. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
COPPER mine partly developed; accessible:
runs 10 per cent; price $15,000; gold quart*
mine in Oregon, 18-Inch vein. $50 ore; price
$5000: purchaser may deal with owner direct.
W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AN elegant pair diamond sleevebuttons for $10,
cost originally $20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye. i
FOR sale— An aluminum bicycle, almost new,
reasonable; leaving city cause of sale. Box
2090. Call office. • ■
FOR SALE— 2B cows, 14 heifers, 5 horses, 2
milk wagons, harness, cans, cooler, etc., and
$350- route; terms cash. Address 8., Call
Agency, San Jose.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S R
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5086.
MOVABLE steam cabinet bath; Rood for sani-
tarium or private use; well made and pretty
cost $40; price $15. Box 2340. Call office.
NEAT, /strong, easy riding cart; good order-
price $14. Box 2341. Call office.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission!
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery* st.
SIX .p. gasoline engine: also 15 ~h. p. portable
boiler & engine. Krogh Mfg. Co. . Stevenson st
OLD building for sale. Inquire N. MEYER
- 311 Battery st. '
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Pomi
> lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny s^ngar Pin*
SAFES-New and second for banks, merchants
■learners, residences; portable safety boxes :
ENGINE CO.. 130S Mission "*••• near Ninth.
S M 1 A l \^7 I a e A W F# n rn Bec^? d hand - the her -
MAJIIr HAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
g&rsgtfaargje»g
°ga a SB-pfl£ M S»^t.j»iU!^T
D W.S R o?*i Y l'h V- g" X Cm » »<m-
gisis or at the Dog. Hospital.
A B u£c\Sn 0f £ cc £ or Call advertisement* and
leS it **". been est * b "^ed at 10W Va-MISCEIXAXBOI S WTS.
WANTED English sextant; good <r.ler; cheap.
J. H. CARTER. 732 Valencia Ft.
WANTED Bicycle; cheap. Box 2362, Call.",
2 DKNTAL chairs: must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors, Inc., $50 Market st.;
open evenings and Sundays, 9 to 2.
WANTED— hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harm and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Klmhurst.
A — Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
gold: tel. Mint t>97. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
WANTED dally— CO to 100 gallons of pure milk.
Address .1. C, 113 Brannan st.
WANTED — Second-hand surrey or light car- \
ringe. In good condition. Box 1218. this office.
OLD trold. irolil dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Lnndecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO loan.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments cr as a whole; if you ;
owe a balance on the purchase price we will j
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly. ,
Call 6S-C9 Donchoe bldg.. 1170 Market St. .
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak- i
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without !
removal; no commission: ■ no delays. J.
NAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6U per cent on real estate, 3d '
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. MeCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rin S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and V-.v-
-elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 840 Market st. ; telephone Main 16H.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planoB: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
PARTIES desirous of borrowing (SO to $2<:>o on
note or business at 8 per cent, address Lender,
box 1255. Call office.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people nn note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldtf.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. EDEN. 413 Montgomery,
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without itdorser. TOUSLKY. 632, Parrott big.
IF your property is mortpaeed and you need
more, money see H. MURPHY. 030 Market st.
MUSICAL, IXSTRUMEXTS.
AS we are selling good upright pi&nos for $f
caeh and 66 per month, M - e ask you to investi-
gate and approve thin method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Gutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades ;
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ .
a Y GOOD BARGAINS. $115 :
ht $115
Cornish upright 175
Smith Si Barnes ..."....... 195
4 now Weber pianos cheap. BF.NJ. CUR-
T.\7, & SON. 10 trrell st. :
A— UPRIGHTS. ■-• up; Installments. $•*> 75 up; :
rt nts. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento et., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — St away upright cheap.
PCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A FINE new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAUVAIS': 763 Market ft. |
FINE Steinway upright sacrificed for cash.
Room 12. Flood building.
$75— ROSEWOOD piann, fine tune, on $3 Install-
ments. 1115 Post st.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket St.. if you want the best.
GOOD piano in storage nn sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market et. I
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mau vats', 769 Market st Get prices at once.
A— JSS UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st. j
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' piance. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. ' ;
WANTED— I Sfjuare Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or- '
cans. BYRON MAU7A*. 308 Post gt. i
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OTarreli st j
SUPERIOR- violins zitherß. old and new. H.
MtTLI.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
£ OFFICES AXD STORES TO I<ET.
_ ■ _ _, - .* ,
FOR rent or for lease. 953 Howard St.. large
store and large, concrete basement.
I»AL,MISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
PERSOXALS. |
ANY ONE knowing the whereabouts of
GEORGE MARKS, height SV». weight 135
pounds blue eyes, dark hair, smooth face. :
missing since Monday, please communicate
to 1317 Golden Gate aye. '■
LEDERER'S (..mint Hair Tonic gives that
soft and glossy appearance to the hair; 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
THE face beautified and hair dressed in the
very latest style for only 25c; switches, $1 up;
gray hair restored, $1 60 to $5. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st
AWIE- Where did you get your tailor-made
suit? At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
i;;C6 Stockton st. I paid for same at $1 per
vrepk. ■....
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRANB, manicure par-
lors, 238 Kearny St.. first floor, rooms '.-'i.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75 i
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1-64*
Market et., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
WANTED Name and address of persons owing
mortgages to Pacific States Building and
Loan Association, who have paid in on stock
for 6 or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG.
C 32 Market ___, S. F.. room 23.
JOHN I- BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, ana Copyright
No 4 Putter St.. Laws a Specialty
6an Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. '■ . Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC light! in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
2£c to $160 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JAMES A SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN & C 0.,. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
' RUPTURE piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterneld, 888 Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, srrow hair i
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st. |
LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth- !
Ing, call oh B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion : Fuarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to' order on easy Installments. L.
LF.MOS. 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED- Old gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
■Teweler. 24S O'Farr^ll. bet. Powell & Mason.
FIIYSICIAXS AM) SURGEOXS.
I)R~C T~O'DOXNELL. office and residence. !
VfiVjj Market-fit., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
" I'UOI'ERTV WASTED.
PROPERTY wanted— North Market; walking |
distance to Kearny; 2 modern flats; reason-
able terms; no agent need answer. Apply '
box '■". Call office. ' -
g=— .--
HEAL, ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
PINE business corner for a grocery man In a
growing district at an exceedingly low price;
houses going up all around; a good trade can
v.,. built up; SW. cor. of Point Lobos aye.
and Tenth aye.; 32:Gx100 feet; only $1600 for :
this choice lot all street work done: grocery
men, look into this at once.. W. 3. GLNN, 410
Montgomery »t. ' ; j
II" you have lots north of Golden Gate Park. ,
•vest of First aye., and you wish to. sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
CHEAP flats; pay 8 per cent net.
Fulton St., near Alamo Square and Devlsa- |
aero st.: lot 27:0x137:6; building in 2 flats; i
built 3 years ago; % rooms and bath In lower I
flat- 8 rooms and bath In upper flat.
' ■ THOMAS MAQEE & SONS, '
Heal Estate Agents, 5 Montgomery at. -
C C BKMIS, Heal Estate and General Land
Agent. 324- Montgomery st. • . •
Vake offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
-nd I>ouKla»s sts.; must be soldi SOxlH feet. I
}25ioV-Nortb line Carl St.. near Stanyan; 50x
33 Res(dence and lot— North line Pacific aye..
D ear Webster gt.: lot 30x127:8% feet. '
IV y<s%r • property is mortgaged and you need i
*w^r» money, see H. MURPHY, 630 Market Bt. |
REAL. ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
A FEW CHARMERS
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S
In the Examiner building.
$175,000 — Market St.; 7 years' lease; rents
$10,000 per annum net;, grand improvements.
$140,000— 6-story stone, brick and iron building;
rents $10,000 per annum; guaranteed lease; -8
years' lease. .;?j-
-.5110,000 —6-story new pressed brick; 6 years'
guaranteed lease; rents $.7000.
$"2.000— 4-story brick; vicinity of Tivoll; pays
5 per cent net; always rented.
$25,000— Grand investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market; lot 33x137: old improvements;
pays 5 per ceat net; if improved will pay 10 per
cent. :'.-•'■
$20,000 — Jones St.; 77^foot front corner with 3
frontages: fair improvements.
$14,000— Geary et., near Mason; store and
lodging house.
$18,000— First st.; 37-foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission.
$10,500— New flats; very fine; rents $95.
jlO.i'iit— Ninth St.. near Mission; business.
SWOO— Stockton St.; rents $70; lease 10 years.
$r.ooo— California St.: 3 flats: rents $45.
14750— st.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $0500: large lot.
$2000—2 Rats; rents $18.
— Cozy new cottage; large lot, used for
chickens and vegetables.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st. .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $309— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to * Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build \
I on; $25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
> day and Sunday.
$400 to Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
I $76 to Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
i $100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots,
I $5 monthly.
i CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
I EOL GETZ & BROTHER, j
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
I — —
CENTER & SPADER,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
j 11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House Block).
Mason Bt., near Ellis: choice corner lot with
substantial Improvements; well rented; lot 60s
77:6- .iii or send for particulars; for sale cheap.
I Jssoo— lmore St., near Pine; lot 25x87:6,
! with improvements; cheap.
I $,--,oc— Page st.; 3 modern flats, well rented;
I lot 2.'iXt'7: i i; make offer.
$fOCO— An offer wanted for lot 61x117 on Guer-
rero St.. near Twenty-first.
I $10,000— Maybe less; handsome residence of
'14 rooms In Mission; large lot, 100x120; street
paved with bituminous rock; must be sold to
close an et-tate.
■Grove st., near Fillmore; choice build-
Ins lot. 37:6x110; make offer.
|lii oov- Brannan St., near Fourth; lot 100x120;
■ will subdivide.
$■ ■ Rents $S4 per month: over 1 per cent;-
-' 6 modern tints, 4 and 5 rooms: always rented;
i large lot 50x97:6; street paved with bituminous
; rock; if you want a choice piece of income prop- j
! erty don't fail to Bee this; call for particulars.
P. A. DOLAN, 636 Market street.
— New house, 6 rooms, near Market and
Seventeenth st». ; lot 25x125; all known im-
! provements; bunks will loan $2000. 6 per cent.
I $H00 — Cottage, 5 rooms: lot 26x112; $15 month-
ly; near Falrmount School, Mission and
Thirty-first sts.
$1350— Builders, look! one or two lots; 23x
: 137:6: Sacramento St.; accepted a bargain.
$200 Sacrifice: 4 lots. 25x120 each; 12th
I avenue and X St., Sunset District; worth $400
j each.
$1000— For 8 lots; level and ready to build
! on: near Mission and 29th: will build to suit
i and sell on installment; $15 monthly. P. A.
"■ DOLAN. 63G Market street.
$5300— EA V terms; new park residence, 9 sunny I
rooms, finished basement, substantial and up
to date, fine location, large lot; Carl St., be-
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddy-st.
line pass the door: Haight-st. cars transfer
to same at Masonic 1 aye. J. STIERLEN,
builder and owner, on premises.
! NEW HOMES
Five. 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON, Builder.
FOR SALE— Lot 25x137:6: south side of Golden
Gate aye. bet. Laguna and Octavla sts.; rent
$40 Address J. B. FRENCH, NW. corner of
Ellis and Broderick sts.
$7(X> AND up will build 4-room bay-window cot- I
tape: house repairing any part of city. SALS-
BT7RT. builder^ shop, 1934 Market st. ,
VAN NESS ■ AYE., 2022— Artistic home: •14
rooms; lot 25x100; mortgage -S2000; cheap; easy
payments. _' !
J22OO— NO. 3954 th st., near Church; cottage; 4
rooms. Call to-day. ■' .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st. -
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR sale— 6oo acres of dairying or grazing land
in southern part of Humboldt Co., Cal.; best
of climate; plenty of wood and water; large
1 outside pastures; never falling crops. MAR-
TIN R. JAGER, 110 Taylor St.. S. F.
GOOD 'arm to rent on shares; 700 acres, with
' stock and improvements; Lake County; none
i but practical farmer need apply. Particulars
of 11. MAIIAN, 316 Montgomery St., from 9
to 12 o'clock. '_
I TO rent or sell, ." acres near San Mateo, . with
improvements: one year with a privilege. . In-
I quire 207 Church St.. S. yAVENBURQ.
] WANTED on easy terms, 5 or 6 acres land with
I small, house within 2or 3 miles of Petaluma.
Address C. C, box 1241, Call office.
1 3 HOUSES land all improved, In Santa Rosa;
bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
ROOMS FOR lIOUSEKEEPIXG.^
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
BRYANT. 1101— Two or three • furnished front
rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
CLAY, 1723. near Van Ness aye. — Housekeeping
rooms furnished of unfurnished.
DEVISADERO— 2 sunny furnished rooms, with
use of dining-room, kitchen and bath; ref-
erences. Box 2333, Call. ;
EDDY, 915 — 3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered: private res.; fine- location.
EDDY, 331 — unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; sunny; key at 333 Eddy st.
EDDY. l.":ts— 4 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
ELLIOTT park, 62— Three sunny, neatly fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, with use of bath;
rent $13. Opposite Stelner St., between Geary
and OFarrell. , -
ELLIS. L'"'i Front room and kitchen; suitable
for housekeeping.
FULTON, 218—2 furnished flats, 2 and 3 rooms:
running water; coal and gas range.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free. telephone.
HOWARD, 649— Large front housekeeping room
with bath.
HOWARD Nicely ' furnished suite, with
kitchen; 'man and wife; others; reasonable.'
L.ARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MAIN, 311— Sunny furnished housekeeping
bachelor rooms; $4 to $8 month.
MCALLISTER, 1131— Furnished parlor, bed-
room, dining-room, kitchen; bath; no children.
MINNA. 514—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. \
MINNA, 739— 2 -rooms for light housekeeping.
MISSION, 1129— Large front room: can do light
housekeeping; also other housekeeping rooms.
NATOMA. 60—1 housekeeping rooms; yard; Fun
all day: no dogs; no children: $3 75.
NOE, 153—2 pleasant front rooms in corner. flat;
coal. range; bath;. yard; $10.
OAK 54—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping: bath; stationary tubs. . -
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Gear}'— Sunny front room;
mantel, folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; ,';:■.
STOCKTON, 611, near Pine— Three splendid
furnished rooms; 2 unfurnished; large garden.
THIRD, . 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com- i
plete; . first floor; front; bath; gas.
THIRD, 316— Housekeeping rooms, $1 50 to $2 50; j
also others. -
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— Small
sunny bay-window flats; complete for house-
keeping.
VAN NESS, 1021— Finely furnished sunny
■ suites for. housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft. -•--'•
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn,
A BRUNSWICK HOUBE, 148 Sixth — RoomY, !
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week,
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and )
. subscriptions has been established at '1096. Va-
lencia st. . . :'..,.. ~'" ' '.'
AT Hotel : Francisco, • Turk and ' Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;,
bath ; • rooms 00c to * $.150 day. MRS. J. KING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infurn.
AT 52 Second St.. double rooms for week, $1 50
• to $3; single, $1 to $1 SO: day, 25c to 50c. •
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. [ 13G4)— Fur-
nished rms., suites,, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well turn. mis. & offices.
EDDY. 123 .(United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms: $1 60 week up, "elevator day and night.
EDDY. 209— Newly furnished large sunny front
rooms with German family.-
EDDY, 330— Newly furnished sunny rooms in
neat private house; modern conveniences.
ELLIS, 821 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night, $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS, 518— Fine suite and other large rooms,
elegantly furnished.
ELLIS, 639. cor. Larkln— Sunny bay-window;
mantel; folding bed; for 2 persons; $13.
EXCELSIOR House, -39 Turk, cor. Taylor—
mangt. ; sunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
FELL, Newly furnished sunny parlor,
with grate, $12 50; sunny back room; $10.
GEARY. ha Handsomely furnished suite;
also single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre')— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. IiYER.
GEARY, 556 — Elegantly furnished parlor suite;
other rms.; piano; phone; bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor suite; also upper flat four
rooms; single rooms; all conveniences.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
an Mission sts.— Sunn/ rooms, on suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7S<^i— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike; $1
week up.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur- j
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, Furnished rooms' frcm 51 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1141— Nice sunny suites; running;
water; reasonable; permanent patrons desired.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
JESSIE. 50S— Nice sunny furnished 6lnK'ie and
double rooms; rent reasonable.
MARKET, IS2O (Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
j MISSION". 92514— Handsomely furnished newly
j papered sunny bay-window front room.. -;:; ;.
MISSION. 1204— Nicely furnished parlors; sunny
and home comforts.
| "NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay- win. rms. and single, $3 up; also hskpg.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite: housekeeping or not; gas, water; $11.
j O'FARRELL, 20— funny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL. .317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
; ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
I light, reading room, smoking room and ladies' ;
: parlor; rooms, per night, 3."c to $1 50; week, *2 ;
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on office
I floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. j
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
! SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
! STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny st.
j THE Heath. 312 Biddy st.— First-class, rooms
and board; hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
; THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor..'
I THIRD, ' 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1 ,
per week up. ' i
• THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
also single rooms for men. I
i SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
i ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association—
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellow*' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY. ,
! September 25. 1899, at 2p. m. at the office of
! the association. Point Lobos aye., for the
i election of Trustees, etc. By order of the '
Trustees. GEORGE T. . BOHEN. Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
■ NICE private home in confinement: most rea-
\ sonable price in city. Mrs. M. PfeifTer. mid- ;
; wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344. j
; MRS. DR. HOPKINS. 995 Market St., office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 25 stalls, $25; water free. 2630 Mis- j
sion st.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
.^^^^ „ .-^^^^
i CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
i 722 Mission: poods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
! PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 101 Post. cor. Powell; tel Main 5713.
SWAPS-BIG AM) LITTLK.
WHAT have you got to swap for 5 dozen boxes i
of Silver Dandruff Cure? Box 1270, Call.
WILL trade good bicycle, nearly new, for an
awning. Box 2310. Call office.
TO LEASE.
UKIAH— I2 rooms and 2 stores; cheap. Call at
514 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS, j
ALA >I EDA HOUSES.
: TO let — New house, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$16 50. 2103 Clement aye. ,:■ '.: •'; ■■■■
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth.
! BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange In beautiful Berkeley, 2 whole
blocks of perfectly level land, about 2400 front
feet; street work all done and only 1 block
from railroad station; no mortgage; value
$25,000; will exchange for business property
in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. .1. MASON. Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
NEAR the University; 2 houses, well rented;
lot 150x135; street work done; cash value $8000;
mortgage $3800; will take ranch for equity.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
A VERY handsome residence, near the. Uni-
versity; now#*nted for $50 monthly; will ex-
change equity (about $4000) for residence
property in San Francisco.
Apply JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, . ■ .
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley. -
! RARE BARGAINS. '
$1200 — Modorn 5-room cottage; bath, pantry,
hot and cold water; high basement; near sta-
tion and electric cars; $100 cash; balance to suit j
buyer. «
I $1300— The best place for the money I have
1 ever seen: large modern 5-room cottage; two
bay-windows; lot 4 x120; high basement, barn,
etc.; $150 cash; balance on very easy pay-
ments. ' •
$1300— Four-room modern cottage; lot 40x122:6:
street work done; only 1 block from station and
electric cars: fine location; rasy terms.
$1950— Lot 60x135: now modern 6-room house
on One street In South Berkeley; convenient to I
both Shattuck aye. and Telegraph aye. cars; j
street work done; small cash payment; easy
terms; office open Sundays.
H. D. lUWIN, Lorln station, Berkeley. ■
FOR SALE— Fine residence site; corner Vine i
and Spruce, bet. Vine . and ' Cedar, North \
Berkeley; outlook on bay;, very desirable for
home; garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. JIEMENWAY. 151S Spruce.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing.. sl par year. |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3250— 5750 CASH; a snap: S minute? walk to
narrow-gauge; new house; choice location. '
Address WILLIAM P. TODD, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. . ;■' . : '.. .. - . ■■■ ..' ' —
OAKLAND HOUSES, TO LET. ';'.
(HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; barn; 589 !
'. 24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low. [
OAKLAND I FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the I
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland, j
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 97 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at , the • office of tha
company, 327 Market St., ■on ■ and after Mon-
day. October 2. 1899: Transfer books*will close
on Tuesday, September 26. 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. ' ■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
. PROPOSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 29 IS99— Seal-
ed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
here until 12 o'clock m., September 28, . 1599,
and then opened, for furnishing coal for Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal., during fiscal
year' ending June 30. 1900. Government re-
serves right to. reject or accept any and all
bids or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of quality and price (Including In the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. _ Information fur-
nished on application to undersigned. En-
velopes containing proposals : should be in-
dorsed "Proposals for coal," and addressed
to I M. Marshall, '. Deputy Quartermaster
General, U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will ' be received at • the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy -Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
October 3, 1899. and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard.
Mare Island, Cal., one locomotive crane, also
a quantity of steel shapes, steel plates,
broken stone and ' lumber. Blank proposals
will be furnished upon application to the
Bureau" or to the Navy Pay Office. . San,
Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY, . Paymaster j
Central IT, S. N. 9-5-99. i
BIRTBS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed |
in at either of the publication offices and bo j
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FABRIB— In this city. September 23, 1599, to the
wife of Frank Fabris, a daughter.
JOHNSON— this city, September 22, 1599. to
the wife of Frank Johnson, a son .
MCDONALD— In this city, September 23, 1599, i
to the wife of Ronald J. McDonald, a son.
OLSEN— In this city, September 24. 1?99, to the
wife of Captain A. Olsen,- a son. ; -
WILLIAMS— In this city. September 23. 1899, to
the wife of W. A. Williams, a. son.
DIED.
Attinger, Marie McG , n - John
Uourke, John E. Mitchell. John H.
Castlen Marie J. Mitchell. John D.
Crawhall. Mabel E. Morse, Joseph B.
Crowe Thomas Narvar, John
Cluff Ida M. Nolan, Luke
Evans, Harlow O'Brien. John
Eacret. Marie L. Raclk, John ••'
F. ley, Mary Smith. Thomas
Gerlach Annie Schuler. Henry
Geib, John " Thomas. Hliza E. A.
Kopcke. Richard Willebrands. John H. j
Lee James Wachter. Wllhelm F.
Wehr, Catherine
ATTINGER-In this city, September 24, 1599,
Marie dearly beloved wife of John Attinger,
and mother of Adolph AUlnger rJr Mrs. Henry
Hildebrandt and Mrs. Alfred G. Ehmann, a
native of Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 46
years 11 months and IS days. -..;;»;! v--."-
O"Frll nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1037 Noe street, near Twenty-fourth.
Interment T. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOURKE— In this city, September 23. 1899. John
Edmund Bourke, a native *of Glasgow, Scot-
land, aged 29 years. (Glasgow, Scotland, pa-
pers please copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church, where a solemn re- ]
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose j
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASTLEN— Entered into rest, in this city, Sep-
tember 22, 1899, Marie Juliette Castlen, be-
loved and only daughter of Mrs. Ben I. Salo- !
mon, and sister of E. B. and J. G. Castlen, ,
a native of Georgia. (Georgia, New York j
City. Chicago and Peorla, 111., papers please
copy.)
[r>Friend.= are respectfully invited to .at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 11
o'clock, at her late residence, 414 Clayton ;
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,, j
by electric car.
CRAWHALL— In this city, September 22, 1599, :
Mabel E., beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late John Crawhall. and sister of Wil-
liam Crawhall, Mrs. P. E. Brigham. Mrs. G. ;
Evans, Mrs. A. P. Mordaunt and Mrs. W. \
H. Eckley, .a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 11 months and 6 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence I
of her mother, 4032 Army street. Interment
private. •
CROWE— In this city. September 23, 1899, j
Thomas,' beloved husband of "Bridget , Crowe,
uncle of P. J. Crowe, and brother-in-law of i
Owen O'Mailey, Mrs. John Tracey, Mrs. J.
Whelan and the late Mrs. Daniel Corrigan. a
native of the parish of Emly, County Tipper- |
ary, Ireland, aged 51 years and 8 months.
(E7"Frl<?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi- ;
• dence 506 Twentieth street, between Illinois
and Michigan, Potrero. thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9:30 .
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
X B B.— The funeral detail of the Knights of .
the Red Branch will assemble at their hall,
1133 Mission street, this (Monday) morning at
5 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
' brother. Thomas Crowe, in carriages. By
brder PRESIDENT.
CLUFF— In Seminary Park. September 24. 1895, |
Ida May. beloved daughter of W. B. and Ida- j
rene Cluff, and granddaughter of Mrs. M. De-
win, a native of San Francisco, aged 15 years i
4 months and 4 days.
inyFriend.- and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral services |
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents, Damon avenue, near :
Ban Learidro road. Interment Mountain View j
Cemetery.
EVANS— In this city, September 22, 1899. Har- i
low Evans, beloved father of Mrs. «'. G. j
Copeland and Homer L. Evans, a native of
Harmony, Me., aged 71 years 6 months and, j
25 days. ■\/
JET Services will be held this day (Mont-
day), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of Halste.d
6 Co. Interment private, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
EACRET Passed away in this city, September
24. 1899, Marie Louise, beloved wife of Godfrey
Eacret.
FOLEY— In this city, September 24, 1599, at her
residence, li Oak street, Mary, beloved wife .
of the late James Foley, and mother of Mary
W. and Delia C. Foley.
(ETRemains will be forwarded to Napa on .
7 -SO o'clock train to-morrow (Tuesday) morn-
Ing, where a solemn requiem mass will be i
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Napa.
GERLACH— In this city, September 23, 1899,.
Annie, beloved wife of the late Dr. George
Gerlach, and mother of Mrs. Annie M. Ber-
thelot, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years and 7
months.
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:« o'clock, from her late resi- '
dence, 1313 Golden Gate- avenue, thence to St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church. Fulton street, I
near Fillmore. where services will be held, ;
commencing at 2 o'clock.. Interment Laurtl |
Hill Cemetery.
GEIB— In this city, September 24, 1599, John,
dearly beloved husband of Christine Geib, and
father of Edward H.. Daniel. John and David '>
Geib. a native of Germany, aged 65 years 8
months and 18 days.
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from < his late resi-
dence, 709 Treat avenue, near Twentieth |
street, thence to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter
street, where funeral services will be held I
under the aupplces of Eureka Ham No. 4. .U. I
A. O. D., commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery- '■■
KOPCKE— In the City and County Hospital,
September 24. 1899, Richard Kopcke, a native
of Germany, aged 62 years.
LEE— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember -I, 1899. James Lee, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 77 years.
McGLYNN— this city, September 24, 1899,
John, dearly beloved husband of Susie Mc-
Glynn, father of Raymond and Alice Mc-
Glynn, and brother of Ben and James Mc-
i Glynn, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years.
IK?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 223 Laussfit avenue, thence to Kacred
Heart Church. Fell and Fillmore streets, I
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9 |
■ o'clock. Interment Holy: Cross Cemetery. .
MITCHELL— In this city. September 23, 1899,
John H.. beloved husband of Josephine
Mitchell, and brother of Mrs. . Mary A. Far-
ma:-, Mrs. A. J. Brennan, Mrs. John White
and James J. Mitchell, a native of New South
Wales, aged 54 years 6 months and 22 days.
(TTFriends nnd acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited. to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 2 o'clock, from" St. Peter'n Epis-
copal Church, corner of Stockton and Filbert
I streets. ■ r ■
MITCHELL— In thin city, September 24, 1899
John D.. dearly beloved . husband of Mary I
HLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
v (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln ■' School.
' . . Telephone South 80. • - .
N. •F. Dethlefsen. v Chae. H. Jacob.
CHAS JACOB tCOtS^H^
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers, 318 Mason street, bet. -' Geary ' and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone -Main 5213. •'. • : ;
McAVOV &. CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMHALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. I
;-'«■• •' Telephone South -247.'- ' '«
Mitchell, father of Edward. Mary. '' lta , m '
Katie, Joseph and Lizzie Mitchell and broth-
er of Patrick Mitchell and Mrs. T. Martin. _a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 57
years.
(E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:l3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 389 Corbett avenue, near Eighteenth
street thence to Mission Dolores Churcn.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at s
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORSE— In Manila. P. 1., August 15. 1599, Jo-
seph Bradley Morse, lieutenant Ninth United
States Infantry, youngest son of Eawara A.
and Adaline Morse, and only brother of
George E. Morse, aged 21 years 6 months ana
(t^Funeral from the Military Chapel. Pre-
sidio, to-morrow (Tuesday) afternoon, at i.
o'clock.
NARVAR— In the City and County Hospital.
September 24. 1599. John Narvar. a native of
France, aged C 2 years.
NOLAN— In this cjty, September 24. 1599, Luke
Nolan, a native of County Galway. Ireland.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors of \
3. C. O'Connor & Co.. TOT Mission street,
thence to St Francis Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter- ;
ment Holy Crops Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, September 22, 1899,
John beloved husbund of the late Mary
O'Brien, father of Mrs. C. J. Sullivan and
John. Martin and the late Maggie O'Brien, i
brother of Michael. Austin and the late Pal- j
rick and Darby O'Brien, and grandfather • f
Robert Surlivan and Johnnie O'Brien, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland. A member
of Division No. 3. A. O. H.
ffryFrienrlfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Monday). at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
Of his daughter. Mrs. C. J. Sullivan. C5S'4 |
Natoma street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Where a solemn requiem high mass will be :
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com- ]
menclng at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
A OH No. 3— Officers and members of Divis-
ion' No. 3 are hereby notified to attend the ,
funeral of our deceased brother. Jobn ;
O'Brien from his late residence, 644 Natoma
street, this day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock
Constitutional fines for non-attendance will
be strictly enforced. By order of
M. J. MANNING, President.
M. H. McCAFFERTY, Secretary-
R\CIK— In this city, September 24. ISS9. John,
beloved husband of Mary Raoik. and dearly
beloved father of Mary, John. Fred and Harry
Racik, a native Austria-Hungary, aged 4i*
SMITH— In this city, September 23 ISS9.
Thomas beloved husband of Catherine Smith,
and father of Benny and Katie Smith, a na-
tive of County We.nmeath, Ireland, aged t>o
years. A member of Lone Sycamore Lodge,
A. O. U. W. (Lemoore, Kings County, papers
please copy.)
(CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of j
the rnlted Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street, i
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re- ,
qulem high mass will he celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHI'LER— In Alameda, September 24. 1899,
Henry Schuler. beloved father of the late John
M William F. and Lawrence L. Schuler ana
Mrs. B. Hulse, a native of Germany, aged 72
years 6 months and 13 days. A member of
Tuolumne Lodge No. 8. F. and A. M. (So-
nora Tuolumne County, papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
Park street and Alameda avenue, under the
auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215. F. and
A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
THOMAS— In this city, September 23. 1599. Eliza
E A. beloved wife of George L. Thomas, and
mother of Viola B. Thomas and Burt J. !
Fields, a native of Baltimore, Md.. aged a 0
years. A member of Naoma Chapter No. 4,
0 F. S and Star of Bethlehem Lodge No. 2,
1 ' O. Q. S. and D. of S.
(tTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from 7/ion A. M. E. j
church 'Stockton street, between Sacramento
and Clay. Remains at the parlors of the Call-
fornia "Undertaking Company. 405 Powell
street near Post.
WII.LEBRANDS— In Oakland, September 24,
1899 John H. , beloved husband of Mary Wllle-
brands, father of Harold Wlllebrands. son of
Margaret and the late John Wlllebrands. and
brother of Charles, William and Frank Wille-
brands, Mrs. H. Brown, Mrs. J. Dreen and
Mrs. D. Johnson, a native of Boston, Mass..
aged 39 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 166 i) Eighth street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WACHTER— In this city. September 24. 1599.
Wilhelm Frledrlch, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Wachter. father of Charles and An-
na Wachter. and son-in-law of Phillip Bill, a
native of Oldenbruch. Germany, aged 50 years
in months and 24 days. A member of Vereln
Eintracht; San Francisco Lodge No. 1. Od. H.
8 and San Francisco Lodge No. 264, U. O. R.
M.
Ity Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
WEHR— In this city, September 24. 1899. Cath-
erine. beloved wife of the late Wilhelm Wehr. |
and mother of Gus Wehr, a native of County ]
Cork, Ireland, aged B. years.
IC7" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
I Send the SUNDAY CALL to |
» your friends abroad — wrapped *■
a ready for mailing, 5c per copy. \ :
■■ m »
Uncle Bill's Ideas.
The greater a man's temper becomes the
easier It is to lose it.
A woman may be a poor marksman,
but she generally knows how to throw a
hint.
The young man with the money to
burn generally loses what glowing pros
pects he may have had.
Some men who were the architects of
their own fortunes would never have had
one if they hadn't built on sand.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meriillan— raclflo Time.)
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 68 San Diego 70
Fresno 102 Sacramento 100
Low Angeles 88 Independence 92
Red Bluff 106 Yum a 106
San Luis Obttoo 82;
San Francisfco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 50; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area, of high pressure central off Van
couver Island last evening has movod inland
and Is central over the Rocky Mountain region
this evening. The pressure is lowest In South
ern California and Southern Arizona. It is
above the normal In all districts.
The temperature has risen slightly in all dis
tricts except nlong the central coast of Califor
nia, where there haa lieen a fall. The greatest
rise has been over Northern Nevada and South
ern Idaho. There haa also been a decided rise
over Northwestern Oregon.
The weather is clear in all districts except
foggy along the Central California coast.
The temperature generally exceeded 100 de
grees In the Interior valley of California,
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather In California except
foggy along the coast of Central California at
Forecast made Rt Ran Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. September 24. 1899:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
foggy along the central coast at night; light
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Monday .
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday, ex
cept foggy in the morning; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
,i — _ *
United States Coast and Oeodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and L*>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San j
Franeleco Bay. Published by official au- I
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column glveß the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water 3.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, September 21.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 2'j hours from Bear
Harbor. .- / Sunday. September 24.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicolson, 84 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, 60 hou» from
S°tmr Newsboy, Foaen. 21 hours from Usal.
Stmr Newsboy. Fnsen. 21 hours from u«al.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. 109 hours from
Seattle, via Anacortes 75 hours. !
Ptmr Scotia, Jacobs. 19 hours from Rockport.
" Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 16 hours from :
Whitesboro.
Stmr Leelenaw, Storrs, 10 days from Hono-
Stmr Glpey, Iceland, 24 hours from Moss :
Landing and way ports. ' '
Stmr Valencia. Lane, 31 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 25 days, via Kobe 23 days, via :
Yokohama 19 days. ■
Stmr Weeott Ellis, 36 hours from Eureka. j
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 62 hours from vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Jeanle. Mason, 6 days from Hunters
Bay
Ptmr Alcatraz, Carlsen, 43 hours from Pan
Pedro. _ . ,
Schr Conflanza, Christiansen, 5 days from
Bandon.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, 5 days from Coquille
River. SAILED.
SAILED.
Sunday. September 24. '
Ptmr Laguna. Ericsson. Usal . :■•.,:
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Ptmr Miami, Mac Donald, Seattle.
Ptmr Cleone, Higgins, Caspar, with schr ,
Dewey In tow.
Stmr Samoa.. Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonita, Buchard. Moss Landing.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Dewey, Schmalling, Albion, in tow of j
stmr Cleone. „,
6chr Melancthon. Olsen. Columbia River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 24. 10 p m— Weather '■
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Leelenaw-Sept .23, 4 p m. 20 miles
off Montara, shin Arthur Bewail, from Phila
delphia for San Francisco. All well.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Sept 23 at 5 p m stmr Leelenaw went ashore I
on a reef south of Montara and floated off at i
12 p m; vessel damaged slightly and leaking j
upon her arrival In port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept 23— Stmr Fulton.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 23— Br bark Arracan,
for Queenstown.
PORT • TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 24— Schr
Alice Cooke, from Honolulu.
Palled Sept 24 — Brig Courtney Ford, for San
Pedro; schr : Reporter, for Redondo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 24— Ptmr Cottage
City from Dyea- bark Germanla, hence Sept 10. !
Sailed Sept 24— Bark Harvester, for San Fran
cleco.
PORT ANGELES— Sept 23— Ship Flor- j
ence, hence Auk 30. ,
SANTA BARBARA— Sept 24— Schr ,
Glen from Grays Harbor.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 24— Schr
Robert Lewers, from Port Townsend; schr Wa
wona, from Newport South.
USAL— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— SaiIe dSept 24— Stmr Noyo, '■
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 24— Stmr Brunswick,
for Astoria. •
PORT LT'DLOW— Palled Sept 24— Bark Colo- ;
ma. for Manila.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Pasade
na, from Eureka.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Rotter- •
dam. from Rotterdam; stmr Etruria, from Liv- ,
erpool.
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr La Gascogne, i
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 24— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Sept 24— Stmr Koen- ;
igen Luise, from Bremen for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Bel
genland, from Liverpool. '
THE CALL CALENDAR.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
S&nta Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY 1!R.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARK PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVINTJ MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 133 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains -will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Paasen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'iJtd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno S:3O am 2:ft pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm| Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1:25 pm|l2:3o am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am| 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:16 pmj 6:53 pm| Tulare 5:50 am| 1:05 prn
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sauaalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 aTm., and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p m.
BtJNDATS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
?IIQS, COOK & SON. Aats., 621 Market st.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE -
gp&=^ giffcr ffihs
At Grand Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth St.
WEDNESDAY Sect. 27, at 11 a. m.
We will sell by auction by order of A. W.
St. Clair, a lot of Samples, consisting of
4 Top Buggies, 8 Open Bnggiea, 2 Phaetons,
1 Surrey, 1 Rubber-Tired Top Buggy, 4 Two-
Seated Wagons, I Delivery Wagons, 2 Road
Carts, 2 Petaluma Carts, 1 French Cart, cost
$360 in France: also. a. lot of new Double and
Single Harness. All this stocK can be seen
at our warehouse until day of sale. Also at
same place and time we will sell .30 Horses
fit for all purposes.
. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
- : Live Stock Auctioneers.
BAILEOAD TRAVEL. %
MHTTHKRIR PACIFIC COHHAHTi
. (PACIFIC SYKTBX.)
Praltta leuvc anil nr« duo to nrclTe »t
SAX I'KAKCIM'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — Feoji August 2, 1339. — AKBTVX *
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramopto. . . . B:15p
7 :OOa Marysville, DroT'iileand Betiding via
Woodland 0:45p
7:o© a Ehnira. Vacaville end Rumsey 8:50p
7:110 a. Martinez, San Uarcon, Vallejo, Kapa,
Calistcga and Santa Rosa '..... ' 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdeu and Kast.. «i 43*
H::tOAUan Jose. LlTermore, Stockton, -: ;>x
lone, Sacramento, I lacrrville, . ■
MHrysTillc, Ohioo, Uedßluff 4:15P
StaOA •Milton, Oakdale and Sonera 4:13p
0:30 a Yoacmite Valley via Oakdale and
n Chinese 4:15p
OiOOa Haywards-Nilee and Way Stations. 11:43*
©:OOa Martinez, Tracy, LaUirop, Stockton, - .
Merced and Fresno ISjIBp
•iOOa Fresno, JJakersUultl Santa liaritara,
Loa Angeles, Darning, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:43»
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
1 1 :«Oa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 8: lop
1 2:00 m Kiles, Liveraiore, Stockton, Sacra* -
mento, Mendota, Ilanford. Visaiia,
PortervUle 4:ISp
«l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers »8:00p ■
S:OUp Haywarda. JN'ilt« and Way Station* . 6:4Sp
4iOUr Martinez, San iteoion, Vallejo, - (■
Napo, Callittega, Santa Rosa »«18*
4ioor Benicia, Vacarille, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
. MarysvUle, Oroville ;...... lOj4»a
«:80pNl!e», Ren Joao and Stockton 7:I8p
d:3op Yonemito Bleeping Car for Rajmond 12»18*
S;OOpXho OwL Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saucns for Santa Barbara;
Lob Angeles. ©:4jU
JJ:BOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno ISiIOF
#:it«p Martinez, Tracy. Meudota, Fresno.
Mojave mdLos Angeles Bt4BA
. SiSOp Santa Fe Route, Atlautio Express ■ ■■■>■
for Mojave and Kast '6t€sr
•-.OOP Chioago-San Special,
and 15a8t.J 8t«0F
6:»Op Hny^arda, Niles acd San Jose • 7i4»a.
•fl:«Or Vallejo 18tlB»
17 : OOp VaUejo. Port OosU and Way «ta-
r tlons^ J9t55»
O'OSp Oregon Kxpresß,SocraTnento, Marys-
villa, ltedding, Portland, Puget -
Hoiiiid and Kust BilsA
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gang*). '
. (Foot of Market Street.) —
(Ti4«a Santa Cruz Excursion for. Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Statious {8:05»
oilSa Newark, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Bi3o*
•B«l5p Newark, Oentervillo, Kan Jose, Neir
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way : "■
i Stations •I«i5»A
4tlßp San Jose, Glenvood and Way Eta-
tioni..... 9s2Oa
Mi »»p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions <.. /»:2Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«mBia fttlSClSCO— Fool of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0.00 11:00 a.M. tl:fl3 *S:00 43:00
•4:00 tB:OO •6:00 p.M.
FrtmOAIUHD— FciHt Broadwi;.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.M.
112:00 »l:00 12:00 *3:CO ti:00 "S:C3p.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). f _
(Third and Townscnd 5t.9.)
•«:lOa Ocean View, South San Franci?oo.. *«:30p
«7iOOa Sau Joss ami ay Stations (New t
Alinadm Wednesdays only) «8:00 a
27:&0 a Sunday Excursion *cr Santa Cruz.
Paciiio Grove and l'rincipal Way
Stations :8:33f
•■••a San .lose, Trcs Pinos. Santa Cruz, ;
Pacillo Grove. Paso Rubles, Sail
LnU Oblsno, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Wny fixations 4:Mp
I«(4Oa Kan Jose mid Way Stations r>:Ks\
I1:UOa San Jose anil Way Stations 1:80?
•ai43i- San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Kan Jose,
Holllster, Santa Cruz. B almas,
Monterey and Pacifio Grove *IO:S<»A
•Bs3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations «7:30p
•4:1 Up San Jose ami Principal Way Stations U:45.\
•3:00p San Jo3e and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
S::iOi> San Joae and Principal \V ay Stations *9:<>0 A
U:!tUp San Jose and Way Stations..: 3:30p
t11:45p San Jose end Way Stations :~:3Of
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. ■ X Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. COL
LESSEE
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
Week days— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:38y
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m. . ;;. ;•:
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30»
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ,
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. in. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. m. -'
BUNDAYS-«:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 3:40. 5:03,
6:25 p. m. -j ■""•:;.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen. Park
■ame schedule as above.
• ■«
Leave : .'. > v :r Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
. April 16, m
Week Sun- • 1*39. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ana
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 an)
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kusa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
I'M am Windsor, 10:25 aw
Healdsburr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pn|
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 ac^
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:36 pm 6:20 pc»
7:30 am 10:25 an)
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:85 pm ■
1:30 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ami
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pn*
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Sebastopol. ,10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm i 7:3 a pm 6:20 pn^
Btages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
lor Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skag-g»,
Springs; at Clovordale for the Geysers; at Hop-*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kelßeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
Sort and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
prings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riversids, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Eanhedrin Heights, Hullville,-
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs-
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,:
Orr's Hot Springs; Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg-,;
Westport, U(>al, Wlllitts'. Laytonville, Cum-.
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer, 1
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle' bids*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SaoMUte Ferry.
Commencing September I. 1593.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. ---..
WEEK DAYS— *8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— •9:00, *10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00. »1:45. "2:30. »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
D:3O p. m does not run to Mill Vary Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. ■■_
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *6:40. 7:66, 8:40, *10:29
a. m.: 12:30. 1:15, »3;40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday.' at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00, *9:45. '10:45, ni:4s
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, *3:SO, •5:i5,"»6:00 7:00, 10:15
p. m. ' '
■ Trains marked f*) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DATS— . 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:33
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays nt 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:10, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
B:G*j a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'na.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i Ask l - fe 3E3 {)2*>KEARXY.ST. Established'
rnrMiVi"! lfi:ii tor the treatment of Private
a Diseitaes. Lost Manhood. Debility or
ti'2ii HIUK.W ST. E.-.Utt)!i.,-hed
In ISM tor the treatment of Private
disease (rearing on oodyand mind and,
ScHjßSnffis skin Diseases. 'I'bedoctorciireswheii
otberafail. Try him. Charges low.
tSAi*S*fiJs <'urr«itiiiimnt<M'd. Callorwrita
Dr. J, ft. «ji£Uß«»\ Box I!)G7, 4au i'raiicistA 1
1112
PLANS FOR THE
FORMATION OF A
GREAT LIBRARY
♦
Union of Mechanics
and Mercantile.
»
A MUCH-TALKED-OF SCHEME!
♦
PROBABLY PERMANENT CLOS- ,
ING OF THE FAIR
It Has Not Been Profitable—Propo
sition to Sell the Real Estate
and Reorganize the Insti
tution.
*-,
There will be a peerless library in San
Francisco before a year is out if the
plans now being talked of among the
members of the Mechanics' Institute and
the Mercantile Library be carried to a j
satisfactory conclusion. A union of the
two Institutions is sought by many of the -
members of both, and the idea is gaining
in favor the more it cornea under dlscus
eion. It takes prominence too from the
fact that the Mechanics' Library is in a
state of transition, and it will not be long
before there is a definite change in its
financial policy. For years It has been
looked upon by a great portion of its ,
membership as a money making institu
tion, but it has come to be believed that i
to keep abreast of the times the institu- :
tion must devote more to the library
itself and less to the holding of property j
and the giving of fairs, and so it may be
that the- exposition now in progress at the
old pavilion will be the last the people of j
this city can attend in a long time.
The plan of uniting the two libraries has ■
been spoken of among the members for
some months, but there has been no defi
nite action taken by any one in authority.
It has become too important a subject to
be passed without notice, however, and
already the idea of calling a conference
between the officers of the two libraries is
taking shape. It is expected this meeting
will take place soon after the closing of
the fair, and the advocates of the scheme \
are sure the conference can end in but ;
one way — a union of the two and the
formation of the biggest and finest sub
scription library in the United States.
For months past the finances of the
Mercantile Library have been in a most
unquiet condition. There is a mortgage !
of JTo.iOO on the property on the corner of
Golden Gate and Van Ness avenues, and.
It takes all th»; income from the dues and :
the rental of the building to pay the in- j
terest on this and to keep the Institution :
going. It has not been progressing in any
way and a corporation of that kind can
not remain stationary. The library must
be maintained up to date, and the prop
erty kept in repair, and the income of the
institution is nardly sufficient to do all
this. Something must be done, and tne
members have been looking around for
some way out of the difficulty. Various
means have been resorted to. but they
have either failed or have been laid aside,
and now the last step is being urged.
Either the .Mercantile must consolidate
with the Mechanics', or it cannot hope to '
run much i<«iiUtr on the basis that at
present exists. i
There has never been any doubt of the ;
excellence of the Mercantile Library. It
has elotfe to sixty thousand volumes, ln
ciuding a reference library that could
hardly be equaled. It would be a real ad
cition to tne Mechanics' Institute, for it
has upon its shelves thousands of volumes
not to be found in '::•• Mechanics' Library
nor anywhere else, it would be a sham*
to scatter the collection, and there is no'
one here whose literary tastes and whose
pocket-book are bo thoroughly in accord i
as to enaule him to purchase the library ;
in its entirety. As a consequence, the
idea of consolidation is looked upon with j
the greatest favor oy the members of the !
Mechanics' and particularly by those
who are members of both institutions.
There are me hundreds of these, and :
among them are the warmest supporters
of the plan. There is need of change in
the downtown institution as well as in
the other, and the union with the Mer
cantile is looked upon as a good start to
ward greater prosperity. '
Ine auoiiuoa vi tile fair is another
matter receiving the attention of the dis- ;
cursive, for i..c exposition has not been
paying much In late years* and this season
it looks as if there would be a heavy
deficit to face at the close of the exmoi
tion. The exposition has not been able to
pay without the methods of the experi
enced showmen, anu the officers of the in
stitute declare they are not showmen
and if the exposition cannot be made to
pay otherwise it la better to stop the an
• nual enterprise.
There is more in contemplation than
this, however, for with the closing for
good of the fair the property must be
sold, and as soon as the Larkin-Btreet
property Is disposed of the Institute will
make other changes that have been
aiscussed for some i,me. it is proposed
to move from the present location on
Post street and establish the library on
some downtown corner, selling tne old
■ place and if possible the property on
Folsom and Sixteenth streets.
. There has always been opposition to tne
selling of any of the property of the in
stitution, ana to prevent any such course
a resolution was passed a year or so ago
-forbidding the sale of any real property
by the board of directors. Conditions
have changed nee then, however, and it
Would not now be a difficult matter to se
cure the consent of a majority of : the
members for such a sale, and if the fairs
are stopped a sale of the property must
follow.
It is figured that from the sale of the
Post street realty and the Larkln street
property enough could be realized to pur
chase a new site in some favorable loca
tion, erect a suitable building and leave
on hand a capital of nearly $400,000 with
which to run th.- library. This might be
made to yield an income of $20,000 a year,
a sum sufficient, with the other sources of
income, to keep the institution in com
parative plenty.
Should the consolidation scheme go
through the result would be a library of
over 100,000 volumes, and one of almost
inestimable value. The merging of the
two memberships would make a strong
following, and the influence of the insti
tution would be more than doubled in
stead of. as now. being divided.
The matter will be decided one way or
the other soon after the fair closes. As
yet the heads of the two institutions will
not discuss the subject officially, but mere
is no active opposition to the plan, and
there is every Indication that it will be
carried to a successful conclusion.
TRIUMPHANT PROGRESS
OF CHRISTIANITY
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church delivered a sermon last
night on "The Triumphant Progress of
Christianity." In part he said:
£v*At the beginning of this century the esti
mated population of the world was placed
at 1,000,000.000. To-day it is put at M 40.000
-.-000. Then the estimated number of Chris
tian adherents was 200.000,000. Mow it is
•477,000.000. During the century the per cent
Increase in population has been about 44.
The per cent increase In the number of
Christian* for the same period has been
more than 135. In the year 1800 there were
about 141.000,000 under Christian government.
Since then the number has been constantly
Increasing until to-day it ■ has reached
891,000,000. There are a million and a half
of converts to itaOW for this century of work
among the heathen. Since we gathered here
last Sabbath 2000 souls, at the lowest esti
mate, have been brought into the light of
Christianity, and that among Pagan nations
only. And who shall lift the veil of the
next century?
We may not generalize amid the smoke of
battle but the backward look makes one
thing 'clear: Everything is going right. Let
111 to the /watch-tower: the King's banners
are waving on the distant hills.
Fell Down the Stairs.
Henry Schumacher, steward in the
Creajaerie, on Market street, near Fifth,
slipped on the stairs leading to the kitchen
yesterday afternoon and fell to the bot
tom. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
ptial, where Dr. Rice found that his left
shoulder and wrist had been fractured.
6
MORE MONTANA
MEN ARRIVE ON
THE VALENCIA
Sunday Reception on
the Bay.
— «
EASY VOYAGE FROM MANILA
SICK LIST SMALLER THAN AT
THE START.
Governor of the Mountain State, His
Staff and Many Ladies Extend
a Hearty Welcome to
Their Volunteers.
The transport Valencia arrived in port
yesterday morning, bringing from Manila j
several companies of the First Montana j
Volunteers and members of various other !
regiments. The Montanans predominated,]
and furnished another day of rejoic
ing for the reception committee from their
State. So early did the transport arrive
that the reception committee was taken
by surprise, but the members soon were
afloat In two steamers, and the eitiz' -
reception committee of San Francisco j
soon appeared in another gayly decorated
steamer to add the cordial welcome of a
sister State.
There were 437 Montana officers and sol
diers on the Valencia fresh from the Phil
ippines. Of these twenty-six were in
valids, who were- in various stages of con
valescence. The 400 and odd other war
riors were decidedly able-bodied, tanned
the color of leather, keyed up to the pitch
of Bhoutiog whenever and wherever they
sajv a Montana face beaming fondly upon |
them from a steamer's deck; whenever
and wherever they saw a Montana hand
extended to them in welcome.
They shunted, cheered, iaughed and
half-cried, and the commit tie of recep- I
lion from the Mountain State way equally
affected. The lirst Installment of the re
ceiving Montanans boarded the customs j
steamer Golden Gate at Meiggs wharf and
put out into the stream when the Valen
cia, having been inspected and about to
slip from tier anchorage, was directly off
the wharf. On the Golden Gate were Sen
ator < arter, ex-Governor Rickards, D. E.
Calkins, the former adjutant of the regi
ment; N. B. Holier, William B. Thomp
son ex-Mayor of Butte, and Mrs. Ste
phens, mother of Serjeant Stephens; Mrs.
Keown, wife o'l Major Keown, and a few
San Franciscans.
The Valencia was under way before the
: Gate was fairly turned. So there
was a stern chase', but the Golden Gate
soon overhauled the transport and threw
out lines and a gangplank, and a reunion
of Montana soldiers and their friends fol
io w( < i .
Hardly had the Valencia dropped an
chor when the second detachment of the
reception committee arrived on the Gov
ernor Markham. The central group there
was made up of Governor Smith of Mon
tana and staff.
"What's the matter with Governor
Smith?" shouted the Boldiers as they saw
the ( rovernor.
"He's all rfcin, you bet."
With the Governor was Mrs. Smith, Ad
iutant General English. Colonels Firch.
McTeague and J. T. Stanford. Mr. Thomp
son, a son of the Mayor of Butte. and
Miss Thompson, the Mayor's sister. Their
steamer was fastened to the Golden Gat<
and then all the Montana reception com
mittee- hastened to get aboard of the
transport. The Markham brought off a
.'Undle of copies of the Sunday odi
;' the San Francisco Call for pre
sentation to the soldiers, and they were
eagerly and gladly receiv< d.
The citizens' reception committee ar
rive.i on the Irwin with the band playing.
Once the Irwin circled around the Valen
cia and th<n drew up besidi the Mark
ham, and the four steamers were fastened
together. The enthusiasm of the Montana
soldiers had constantly increased. They
cheered f-aoh steamer with a will and all
the people afloat. Th< y cheered when
they heard that the Montana reception
committee hail prepared a lunch for them
and had brought it to the ship. They
cheered still more wh> n they learned that
the- sum of $40,000 had been raised to give
them a great reception al Butte.
The proceedings did not lack the usual
shading of emotion. Captain Jenson of
Montana waa a picture for a painter, with
his Infant daughter in his arms. / Mrs.
Smith, wife of the Governor, welcomed the
soldiers. The sick soldiers were visited and
cheered up with the sight of their friends.
After the welcomes had all heen extended
the committees came ashore and tried to
arrange for the landing of th<-> BOldiers ;it
once. This could not be arranged, but
the Montanans will come ashore this
morning. They will have an escort to the
Presidio, and their own band will play.
They will probably pass up Market street
before noon, under the command of Major
J. K. Miller.
So far no camp regulations have been
established for the Montana men. but
they will be governed as the other volun
teer regiments have (teen governed — as
much liberty for men and officers as is
consistent with the amount of work to be
done. The work of mustering out the
regiment will commence in earnest to
morrow, and the usual three weeks will
para before it can be finished.
Pay from the beginning of July i.^ due
the rncn. but It has not yet been settled
whether there will be a payday before
the muster out. It may be that the men
will prefer to draw all the money pos
sible at the !nst. and in that case they
will have to do as lx --n they ran on wh.lt
they have now, for the Montana men
stopped In Japan and they brought but
little money away with them.
The following officers were passengers
on the Valencia: Major .1. R. Miller,
Major J. Keown. Captain G. Preston,
Captain W. J. Bradshaw, Captain P. Free
man. Captain Baunders. First Lieutenants
C. Boardman. W. Gardenhire, P. S.
Geager and H. Poorman; Second Lieu
tenants J. Corby, C. Lane. H. W. Church,
H. W. Btoddard and C. K. Hill and Bur
geon L. C. Bruning of the First Montana
volunteers; Major Hoyt. chief surgeon.
r. S. V.: Dr. D. Hoean, U. B. V.; Dr and
Mrs. C. H. Lowell. I*. S. V.; Captain Hale.
Fourth United States Cavalry; First
Lieutenant Bltinge, Sixth Cavalry: Sec
ond Lieutenant Hawkins. Third I'nited
States Infantry: Lieutenant <i. N. Hay
ward of the Baltimore; (Jeorge Rrfnk,
commissary clerk; F. 1). Hlackburn, Quar
termaster's <!erk.
The officers say that they had a smooth
trip up on the Valencia, and they speak
highly of Captain J. M. Lane, who com
manded the vessel. The health of the
men improved on the way. and there are
fewer sick Mi-ntanans than there w . re
when the vessel left Manila. August 23.
A few enlisted men were placed in hos
pital at Yokohama. A marked figure mi
the vessel was Corporal Bruaeau Of the
First Montana, who led b forlorn hope of
six men into a trench to flank a large
body of Filipinos, 300 of whom they drove
from their shelter. The following list
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25. 139f1.
BROTHER OF PRESIDENT
McKINLEY IN THE CITY
ABNER MeKINLEY, brother of the President, arrived in the city yes
terday morning and Is now at the Palace. He came from New York,
staying- a day en route at Chicago, Omaha, Salt Lake and Denver, and '
•will leave Tuesday evening for the southern part of the State to visit <
Loa Angeles and Coronado. With him are his wife and daughter and the .
balance of the party consists of Major R. C. Smith and William Endsley of <
Philadelphia and Colonel William H. Brown of New York. ,
Yesterday Mr. McKinley was taken in charge by his nephew, George
E. Morse, clerk of the United States District Court, and after spending the *
afternoon in driving about the city was entertained by him at dinner. '
Mr. McKinley, who bears a striking resemblance to his famous brother, <
was seen yesterday, but absolutely refused to say anything of a political na- .
ture for publication.
"I am no politician," said he. "All my time Js taken up with my law prac- '
tice In New York and I have no leisure to devote to anything demanding '
so much attention as politics. This is the tlrst visit I have made to the coast <
since 73, when I came out here to visit my brothers. James and David, who ,
are now dead, but who were then engaged in business hen-. I find the city not (
only greatly changed, but wonderfully Improved as well, and when I look
about me 1 can easily understand the reason the people of San Francisco <
take so much pride in their home. .
I will remain here until Tuesday evening, when I leave for Coronado and <
Los Angeles, where I will spend a few days and then return to this city,
leaving almost Immediately for my home, via Portland and the northern '
route. 1 was obliged to attend to some private Business matters of my own <
in the West and so took the opportunity thus afforded to get a little rest «
and visit my relatives on the coast.
While here Mr. McKinley will attend the burial of his nephew. Joseph
Morse, the young lieutenant of the Ninth Infantry, who died of typhoid
fever in Manila, and whose body was shipped home to his parents at 1578 Fell '
street, from which place the funeral will take place next Tuesday. «
<
contains the names of the killed and
wounded Montanans:
KILLED.
COMPANY A.
Private John C. Adams, September 1,
1898
Private Cary A. Baylor, September 5,
Private Daniel MoElliott, October 22,
Private Clarence G. Briggs, February
12 1899.
Private Henry C. Beecher, March Ij,
1899.
COMPANY B.
Sergeant Thomas Anderson, April 26,
C< "MPANY C.
Private Frank Camps-. July 17. 1808.
Private Joseph Marx, March 1, 1899.
COMPANY F.
Private William F. Stanley, February
19, 1899. _
Private Edward S. Moore, February' 28,
1599.
Private Joseph P. Beekman, March 25,
Private Joseph Frantzen, May 24, 1899.
COMPANY I.
Private William O'Leary, September 5,
1898
Private Frederick Hall, February 10,
1899.
Private William B. Meyersick, Febru
ary 13. 1899.
COMPANY- L.
Private' Walter J. 'McLean,' October 28,
IS9S.. ' . ,- , ■ ■' :. ■
Private John Sorenson, February 20,
1889.
Second Lieutenant Eugene S. French,
February 23. ISM.
Corporal Owen G. Rawlands, April 14,
1 »;'•:».
WOUNDED.
COMPANY A.
Private John C. Bullan, February 7,
1599.
Private Adolph Charette, February 10,
1599
Private Joseph Callahan, February 13, '
Private Otto Nelson, February 22-23,
1899. •
Private John Shannon, February 22-23,
Private Francis A. Anspach, February
34, !M>9.
Private Albert S. Hicker, February 24.
Private Alvin Pletnee. February 24. 1899.
Private Harry Athey. March 27. 1899.
Corporal W. H. Talbert, March 30, 1899.
Sergeant George W. Boardman, June 16,
1899. |
Private James C. Dennis, June 16, 1899.
Total— l 2.
COMPANY B.
Private Everett Metcalfe, February 10,
1899, • •
Private Henry Slack. February 10. 1899.
Private Charles Brlttan, February 13,
| 1899.
Private Martin Hyman, February 13,
! 1899.
Private Edward Morrissey, March 24-26, I
1899.
Private J. O. Balkley, March 27, 1899.
Private Frank Tatten, April 26, 1899.
Privte Adolph M. Clay, April 26, 1899.
Private James Terney, April 27. 1899.
Private Andrew Davis, April 28, 1599.
Private Charles L. Thompson, April 28,
' 1899.
; Total— ll.
COMPANY C.
Private — Mayersick. February 7, 1899.
Private J. W. Kennedy, February 10,
[899.
Private Perry G. Bullard, February 10,
1899. . ./.■,.
Private Glen W. Hurd, February, 22-23,
1899.
Private Joseph P. Meyer, March 24-26, :
1599.
Private Gomer Williams, March 24-26, j
1899. - .>•.■..:
Private William H. McCartv, March j
! 24-26. 1899.
Private Harry Axtell, March 24-2',. 1839. '■■
Private Theodore Valkey. March 2.".. 1899.
Private John Kirby. March 27, 1899.
Private Gottlieb Molcan, March 27, IS'W.
| Private Frederick W. Smith, May 4, INW.
Private Taylor, May 24, 1899.
Private Theodore Schutte. June 3, IS-*y.
Private Warren Morris. June 16, 1899.
Private Charles E. Robb, June 16, 1599.
Total— l 6.
COMPANY F.
Private James Craft, February 10, 1899. I
lilvate Frederick Chatelle ■ February
22-23 ;v; '''-
Private William F. Kramer, February
12-23. 1599.
Private Joseph Lorenz, March 27, 1839.
Private Edward B. Bowen, March 30,
IN!':'
Private William -Bukweski, March 29, i
I&<9.
Private Martin B. Hall, April 28, 1899.
Private Joseph Fran.tzen, March 24, i*9!». !
Total— B.
i COMPANY I.
I Corporal Skinner, February 7, 1899.
Private William 1. Bohlman, February
22-23, 1899.
Private Edward J. Lynn, March 24-26,
■ 1599. :•'•;+-.■■■
■Private Addison Seymour, March 27,1899.
Private A. K. Lunderman, March 27. 1899.
Private John Tierney, March 27. 1899.
Private Edward Weaver, March 25. 1899. !
Private Edward B. Darvey, April 27, 1899. j
Private G. Mohican, April 27, 1599. j
• Total— 9.
COMPANY L.
Private John Sorenson, February 7,' 1899. I
■ Private Thomas ■Malo, February 10. 189 1 !
Private John W. Campbell, February 10. i
1899. ■ . ■■.■>•:■■ ■ :-u-->-
Private William Stedman, February 22-
I 23. 1899. "
Private Thomas G. Dunn, February 22
--! 23. 1899. \ .
Private John F. Dunn, February 22-23,
1899. !
Total— 6.
Grand total dead and wounded, 166.
The Twenty-Sixth Leaves.
The Twenty-sixth Regiment will get
away to-day on the Grant. It was not
expected the command would spend so
little time at the Presidio, but the misfor- j
tunes of the Thirty-first has hastened its
departure.
The Grant came over from quarantine
Saturday night and anchored off the
Government dock. She was berthed yes
terday. This morning the first of the reg
iment's baggage will be put aboard and
before night it is hoped the transport will
be ready for sea.
All the baggage of the Thirty-first Reg
imi nt which was aboard wjis put off ;it
the detention camp on the island, the men i
r>f the regiment acting as stevedores and,
what was better, receiving stevedore*' j
pay for the work. The men worked with
a will and the transport was discharged
in the shortest possible time. Then the!
vessel was fumigated.
RAN ON A REEF
HID LAY THERE
SEVERAL HOURS
♦
Leelanaw Had a Close
Call at Sea.
--—«. —
ARRIVES IN PORT LEAKING
HER CABGO OF HORSES LEFT
AT HONOLULU.
Detailed Story of the Accident as It
Was Told by Captain Storrs,
Commander of the
Transport.
♦
The United States transport Leelanaw,
that arrived yesterday from Honolulu,
narrowly escaped total wreck Saturday
on a reef south of Montara. She came
into port leaking and at once transferred
the cargo in her hold to the transport
Rio Janeiro, preparatory to going upon
the drydock for inspection and repairs.
She was ashore several hours on the
rocks, not far from a point where several
vessels have been totally wrecked. The
sea was luckily smooth and only a small
swell was stirring from the time she
struck to the time when she was worked
off into deep water. She is not badly in
jured. Yesterday as she lay beside the
Rio, shifting her cargo, she was able to
keep out the water with her donkey
pump. The story of the wreck is told by
Captain Storrs, who commands the .Lee
lanaw.
"The vessel grounded on a reef to the
south of Montara," he said, "about six
teen miles from the bar, during a fog so
thick that 1 could not sue the lookout. We
sailed from Honolulu September U and
had fine weather until the 20th. I was un
able to get a perfect observation on the
21st and got none on the 22d or 23d and
was compelled to run by reckoning. On
the 23d there was dense fog with clearing
intervals, but no chance for an observa
tion. By reckoning 1 ought to have been
at the South Farallon at 1 p. m. on the
23d. I had the patent lead going every
half hour from 11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.
From then on the lead was going every
lifteen minutes until we got bottom in
86 fathoms at M:4.'> p. m. Then, after we
got the bottom, the lead was kept going
as fast as it could be worked.
"1 heard a fog whistle at 4:40 p. m.,
which was on the port bow. The patent
log was hauled in, and 1 found that one
blade of the rotator was missing. The
blasts of the, fog signal were very irregu
lar. I could' not make the intervals be
tween the blasts agree. At 4:45 o'clock
the lead showed thirty-five fathoms. We
slowed down to a dead slow to identify
the signal, the sound of which was indis
tinct and faint. The first officer, at 5:02
o'clock, showed ten fathoms. Before the
headway of the vessel could be checked
she grounded lightly on the reef.
"The soundings that were then taken
all around the ship showed nothing less
than 14 feet at the bow forward, deep
ening' quickly after passing one-third of
the length from forward. There were nine
fathoms under the stern. I gave orders to
j>ump out No. 1 ballast tank and to 11 11
Nos. 3 and 4, which were empty. The en
gines were all the time backing strongly,
out the tide was falling and we could noL
move her. The engines were slowed just
to hold her from going further on with
the small swell that was running. Every
thing was made ready to try again after
the tide made. Until 11:*) the snip rested
easy and then slewed around about four
points. I put the helm over to port and
ordered full speed astern. After roiling
and thumping several times she came off
in deep water. The water was coming
in the No. 1 ballast tank, but there was
no trouble in keeping it, free. We came
up off the bar. but couldn't find the light
snip, because it had been removed for re
palrs."
The reasons that Captain Storrs gives
for the accident are: "Lack of opportuni
ty fur observations to verify my position;
losing a blade off the rotator of the pat
ent !ng. which altered its rate and thereby
fouled my dead reckoning; running with
the wind and sea abeam for three days
set the ship further to the southeast than
1 allowed for."
The Leelanaw sailed from San Fran
cisco September 1 for Manila via Hono
lulu. She had <m board a cargo of horses
and a large amouni of commissary stores,
principally canned goods. On the trip
down to flonoiulu five horses died. When
the steamer reached Honolulu the horses
were put ashore for their health. There
they very soon developed a disease that
became epidemic and it was impracticable
tn take them on board again to continue
the voyage to Manila. Captain Storrs
consequently started back for San Fran
cisco, bringing the commissary stores
with him. How near the vessel came to a
shipwreck has already been told.
The disease that the horses developed is
unknown. People who have some knowl
edge of horses in Honolulu hazarded the
opinion that it was what is known as the
"DOO hoo" fever, a painful but not neces
sarily dangerous malady.
An* investigation of the accident to the ,
Leelanaw will be made probably this
week.
MEN ORDERED TO STRIKE.
Boilermakers Decide to Take the Long
Threatened Action.
The boilermakcrs" strike la on. A meet-
Ing of the men hold yesterday afternoon at
A. o. F. hall, 10" O'Farrell street. James
Ryan presiding, and after discussing the i
situation decided to Issue orders that all
boilermakers working f n r firms doing
work on United States-- army transports
Stay out until the ei^ht-hour system is
acknowledged. It was also decided that I
any boilennaker who works on any j
transport until the eight-hour rule is [
adopted will be declared a "scab" for ;
life.
Chairman Ryan announced that the ;
meeting had been called for the purpose
of taking action on the recent orders of
the Pulton and Risdon Iron Works, which
Insisted that nine hours' work and ten j
hours' pay should constitute a day's work
on all contracts on United States trans
ports.
The boilermakers in the Fulton and the
Risdon shops, it was stated, are working
now inside ten hours at 32V,. cents per j
hour, while on outside jobs they work
nine hours for ten hours' pay. but they
refuse to work on transport contracts at
that rate, demanding $3 25 for a day's j
work of eight hours. These shops paid i
their men $;{ 25 for eight hours' work for
only one week, then insisting on the old :
rate, to which the boilermakers would not
agrees
The men claim that Captain Barneson,
superintendent of the transport, service,
had agreed with them that on transport
contracts eight hours would be considered
a day's work, and hail so declared him
self to a committee of boilermakers. The
EliSdon people insist that the committee |
had misunderstood ih< captain's meaning,
an'. 1 , acting on the suggestion of the com- [
mittee. the captain was called on and he
declared himself, in favor of the eight
hour system.
The boilermakers. despairing of making
a satisfactory settlement with the shops,
took action s : tated to order a strike.
Boilermakers were at work yesterday on
the Relief and the Marlposa, but they
will be called off to-day.
REV J. S. THOMAS
FORMALLY INSTALLED
HOWARD CHURCH GREETS ITS
NEW PASTOR.
Dr. Mackenzie, Dr. Carson and Dr.
Hemphill Deliver Eloquent
Sermons to the Con
gregation.
The Rev. J. S. Thomas was formally in
stalled yesterday afternoon as paster of
the Howard Presbyterian Church. The
new pastor was called to his charge at
the last meeting of the presbytery and
comes to this city from Minneapolis.
Services were held in the handsome
ADVEETISEMENTS.
We have now opened our full
assortment of NEW VENETIANS,
COVERT CLOTHS, BROADCLOTHS,
AMAZON CLOTHS, BEAVERS, LA-
DIES' CLOTHS, TWEEDS, GOLF
CLOAKINGS, BICYCLE SUITINGS
and ENGLISH CORDUROYS,
ENGLISH VENETIANS, In all the New Fall Shades j
also Blacks. .sl, $1.25, $2, $2.50 and $3 yard
FRENCH BROADCLOTHS, in Light and Medium makes.
all shades and Blacks
$1.50, $1.75. $2, $2.50 and $3 yard
GOLF CLOAKINGS in all the latest styles— a splendid
assortment $1.75, $2 and $3 yard
SPECIAL :
60 pieces 50-lnch GENUINE FRENCH VENETIAN CLOTH,
18 different shades ; also Blacks. . .Price, $2 uard
SPECIAL :
10 pieces 54-lnch BOUCLE CLOAKINGS, assorted color-
ings Price, $1.25 yard
Ml, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I gray stone chapel at Baker and Oak
streets, which is at present the chuch's
home. A large congregation was in at
tendance. After a stirring organ prelude,
i the "Mart-he Celebre" by Lachnel. by W .
■ F. Hooke. "Old Hundred" was sung by
I the congregation.
Rev. W. Reynolds, pastor of Lebanon
Church, conducted the services. After the
reading of the scriptures the Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie was introduced to deliver the
sermon of the day. He said in part:
It will be the happy duty of the pastor
of this church to preach to you the srospel,
the word of God's love. I want to speak
to you of the purpose of this lave. In (rod's
economy there is nothing in vain — nothing
walks with aimless feet. This is as true
in the sphere of grace as It le in the Bphere
i of nature. God's love is descending upon
us in order that we may become the sons
of r.o<l, His dear children— in the homely
Scotch word, the only synonym of the
i original Greek. His bairns.
The family of mankind is divided Into
! two classes, those who .-'.re ami tbOK who
are not. the children of God In the true
sense. Those whom the Lord loves, he
' chasten?. If you are His clear son, He will
not spare discipline.
After the propounding of the constitu
tional questions, the choir, which con
sists of Miss Alma Berglund. Miss G. H.
< Van Pelt. F. Purdy and C. E. Kerr,
! rendered the beautiful anthem. "He Shall
1 Come Down Like Rain." The Rev. Dr.
! Carson of Trinity Church with solemn
' words then delivered the charge to the
I pastor. Dr. Hemphill of Calvary Church
concluded the services with the charge to
the congregation.
Horses Burned to Death.
t Fire broke out at 10:30 o'clock last nlpht
! in a stable in the rear of J. L. Ward's
I saloon. Twenty-sixth and Valencia
streets, used by Marcuchi & Lippi, fruit
I dealers. A still alarm brought the firemen
' from engine house Wo. 13 and they extin
j guished the blaze b<rf ore it had made any
! prosit headway. Two horses met their
death in the tire and a quantity of hay
was burned up. The loss of Marcuchi &
Lippi will amount to 1200. The loss of
• Ward will not exceed $100.
.-»>-. 1
The average monthly 1 wajre of male
| teachers in 1808 was $60 87, and female
teachers $51 84.
October styles Standard Patterns, the only
high grade, low priced ?eam-allowlng patterns.
Domestic Office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. •
ADVERTISEMENT S.
A Terrible Case
Of Catarrh
And Deafness, m — »
HARRY SLADT says: • :^, CX
"After treating unsuc-
cessfully with noted special-. - jjy?) ?3
lsts of Chicago, I was ad- "^t Wl I^s
vised to pro to Arizona and J^3 r >
obtain what Rood I could qJV\ ,***.
from hot climate, which I ,-— «s»v^o?i
found did but little. I read ji tz: .TSM-ih
of the NEW INVENTION >• S of&?
and ANTISEPTIC TREAT- <=> ~ »/,/
MEN-T of DR. COTTING- g«i«
HAM. whose office Is (>."{- «r»""/ 33 ■
MARKET ST. I came md §S*/^ f^L .
have treated three week '. I §S^ Am. 1
Btate positively that * .'an j JsSSflf"
hear a watch tick at arm's §SS •S^jl'
length. aid my catarrh «T^s^ W^^l:
Menu absolutely cured. I S >^SML^
am the happiest man in the S\ .■-■ MaiSgy;^
city to-day .to find such re- &J^yy
lief." - . ■ ' KJ^^^^^^S^-
Great Left Over Sale.
Chinaware, Crockery,
Glassware, Lamps,
Clocks, Plated Ware,
Bisque Ornaments and ;.'
Dishes of Every Description.
Great American Importina Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere,
100 Stores.
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
* CO
Cigars
Here again - .^\
An old time favorite
Alteza— Caballeros — 10c $9 50
box of 100
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter — creamery 40C
You can depend upon the quality
reg'ly here 45c square
Coffee— Crescent blend 20C
reg'ly 25c lb 5 lb 90c
We — blend and deliver it
to you pure — fresh ■ v
Brandy— Californian 3 bottles $2
gallon 3
Pure distillation of grape juice
I . reg'ly $1 bottle $4 gallon
Royans ala Vatel . 15c
Sardines with truffle and pickle
appetizing— reg'ly 20c can
- Shrimps— 12 Jc
For salads— ready for use — reg'ly 15
Sauterne-G b&co $4 00
Medium sweet— dry — rich body
very palatable— reg'ly $5 00 dozen
Bouillon capsules 25c
Pure extract of beef— celery
flavor— reg'ly 30c — Anker's
French mustard— 15c
it rich seasoning for hot or cold
meats reg'ly 20c
LuCCa Oil— Sublime 50c
Our importation and bottling
reg'ly 55c quart
Olives— Manzanilla quart 30c
Special lot just received
extra large size
Lavender salts bottle 25c
Crown Perfumery Co London-a most
agreeable deodorizer— reg'ly 30c I
Dentifrice— sfteflfc/d'* 2 for 25c
A well known tooth wash
reg'ly 15c tube
Scrub brush— palmetto fibre 20c
• Will outlast two brushes made of
any other material — reg'ly 25c
Whisk broom v, reg'iy 20c 15c
1 1 inches long— finest quality
of broom corn
FigS— Calif ornian package 15c
First of the new season
Cranberries quart 15c
. : New crop just in
Fancy crackers lib tins 25c
Eastern — many novelties
lA/. T. HESS.
. NOTARY POdLIU AND ATTuRNBY-AT-LAW
■ Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clau. Spreckel. Bid*.
GOLDEN WEsTbOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of- V ..
:■_ , ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS
Goods delivered . to any part or th. oUy.
Phone. J«sale 1522. .';
rTWiinnßiniTalll lllllllitt«ffn>i«iiifnWiMT. frWBImBS^iiWFB