VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 166.
BRITONS AND BOERS ENGAGE
IN A FIERCE ARTILLERY DUEL
JOUBERT GIVES THE
ENGLISH NO REST
Heavy Guns Hurl Forty-Pound Shells Into
Surrounded Ladysmith.
British Naval Guns Again Brought Into Play by
General White's Garrison to Resist the
Stubborn Attack of the Burghers.
TJI STCOURT, Natal, Nov. 9.— Heavy firing is now proceeding
Hi in the direction of Ladysmith. It began about daybreak.
Some reports are so much heavier than any previously
heard as to lead to a general beiief that the Brtish heavy naval
guns are again active.
The safe arrival at Ladysmith of Lieutenant Hooper of
the Fifth Lancers shows that communication with the garrison
is possible. He was anxious to rejoin his regiment and started
hence, accompanied by a Nata! policeman. They succeeded in
traversing the Boer lines.
A party which rode out several miles about noon to observe
the bombardment of Ladysmith could see a Long Tom, a forty
pounder, posted on the railway side of the Bulwara. firing at
intervals of six to eight minutes. Another gun was observed in
operation a little distance away. Puffs of smoke were dis
cernible on the opposite side, showing that Ladysmith was
standing a big bombardment. The locality of the town was
nothing but ft a huge caldron of smoke.
LON, Xv. 13.— This morning's
B from the seal i f war In 9
Africa continues fairly satisfactory.
3 are not very
A:!!- regard to the Belmont
-- >f Cni
not ,i very se
. :r.
jns of increased Boer ao
'jUvjty In Natal and along the western
All tlie dispatches tend to show
•he British are holding out ably.
< ;• n-Powell r it all
■ vemher fi.
November 9.
Whil< heard from the
fldence Is felt in Gen
luty, previous «xperiM!io«
having shown that the Boer artillery Is
not very effective. It Is beginning to be
proved that the acquisition of artillery,
which ha? destroyed the former mobility
of the Finer forces, has also lied to give
them any compensating advantage. On
the contrary, the reverse is the ease. It
is held here that if the Boers had not
been hampered by the transport of heavy
guns and their rescue from tight places.
General überi might ere this have been
In Pietermaritzburg. Unless the Boers'
heavy artillery justifies itself by reducing
Ladysmith i; will again hamper him in
thr- eventual retreat from Natal, when
Genera] Buller sends the relieving force.
It is believed that the Boer retreat will
he made over the Draken.sburg range into
the R'lutpanshcrg district, where pre
parations for provisioning and maintain
ing the Boers is said to have been made
for th( last stand, and where It will be
difficult to dislodge them. Already it is
rumored that they are In straits for food
around Ladysmlth, and may, therefore,
be obliged to abandon the siege.
Dispatch^* from Kstcourt say It has
been ascertained that the British have
laid concrete beds fur iirin" the lyddite
naval guns. showing there is no foundation
for the fear that the lyddite ammuni
tion at Ladysmith has been Lusted.
.'X Is also reported from the same quarter
1 hat some llres have been seen In Lady
f-rnith, indicating that the Boer bombard
ment has been to some extent effective.
A special dispatch from Cape Town con
: rrns the earlier report that it was Gen
eral Buller who ordered the British
evacuation of Stormberg and Xaauw
poort, as he considered the frontier line
too weak and too much extended. It Is
understood, however, that Naauwpoort
will be occupied again as soon as the ad
ance from Queenstown is ordered.
Strong bids are being made by the
'.:oers for the support of the Cape Dutch,
l it without much success, although it is
b lleved that the Dutch farmers, especial
1} In Picquetberg district, are armed with
users and are watching the course
ot events before joining the Boers. Prom
Strmberg It Is reported that the Free
Stite forces are working slowly toward
Dodrecht, with a view of attacking
Qu«»nstown and cutting off the towns in
the northern district of Cape Colony.
Tie wounded are recovering in a re
mar.able manner. The Mauser wounds
are *mall and heal rapidly. Many of the
wouiied apply for permission to return
to th- front.
The fact that the latest two official
dispatches were received from General
81 Firester-Walker and not from Gen
eral biUjox fieezna to Indicate that Uia
The San Francisco Call.
latter may have already left Cape Town.
A Brussels telegram asserts that h
illy reached Durban. This is cer
tainly premature, but he may have
■ ■
The following hap been received at the
War • n the general commanding
at Cape Town, dated Sunday, "
12. afternoon:
"Colonel Plumer is reported ;o have
had a successful engagement J-ear Tuli
on October 2'">. The enemy renewed rh
attack, hut with ammunition much
damaged by rain, and finally crew off,
ressing the attack.
"Major Hellawell wires by way of
Kuruman that on October 27 Mafeking
vraji safe. Th° Boers have a nine-
GENERAL BULLER'S AUXILIARY STAFF.
Chiefs of Departments In the Army Corps that will be sent against the Boers.
poundpr. but the gun is doing little
damage.
"A report has just been received that
on October 26 a Boer commando was at
Phokwani. moving south. Some natives
Sverheard these Boers declaring their in
tention to march on the Free State side
of the frontier, in order to intercept re
inforcements from Orange River bridge
for the north."
An unofficial statement is published
! that the Gascon, soon after her a
at Cape Town, left for Durban and Dela
goa Bay.
WAS A GREAT-GRANDSON
OF ZACHARY TAYLOR
HALIFAX. N. S., Nov. 12.— Lieutenant
C. C. Wood or the North Lancashire Regi
ment, reported/fatally wounded at Kim
berley and wlWee death was subsequently
announced in Saturday evening's cable
message, was a grandson of Jefferson Da
via, President ci tue Southern Coafeder
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
VIEW OF LADYSMITH, NOW UNDERGOING A SIEGE.
The picture from which the above was made was taken just after the breaking out of the war. The permanent
rani]i •■ • ral Whit, 's forces were tht-n camped. Is not shown in the view. The large building on the left, with the
tow< r, is the Town Hall, now being used as a hospitaJ for the wounded.
acy and a great grandson of President
Zachary Taylor. His father is Captain
J. Taylor Wood, who has resided \r. Hali
fax of the war between
th. North and South.
Capt.-iiT! Wood figured with great uis
on -:s naval lieutenant and C( m-
I mander In that war, his last command
I being the cruiser Tallahassee.
Lieutenant Wood was born in Halifax
j and educated in the Canadian Royal
Military College at Kingston, Ontario.
| He is the first graduate of that college
to die In battle and the first Canadian to
fall in the present war in South Africa.
The young man served in India before
going to South Africa. He had a promis
ing future. He has a brother in the
< anadlan militia, who is in command of
the mounted police In the Yukon.
PONDALAND NATIVES
ARE BECOMING RESTLESS
DURBAN. Nov. B.— Captain Percy Scott
of the first-class protected cruiser Terri
ble lias been appointed commandant here
in the place of Major Bethune. who will
assume active command of the mounted
uutlander corps.
The march of the naval brigade with
twenty guns lliruugh. tiie town was aa
inspiring one. The band of the Terrible.
'Ned outside the Town Hall, played
popular airs and the crowds along the
line of march exhibited intense enthusi
asm.
A:. other batch i f B »-r prisoners has ar
rived. The British wounded will go to
■ T .■. morrow.
Since hostilities began 'here have been
small factional fights along the Pondoland
there
cives at Maritz
tion at
Ladysmith, ni ig nervous and be
ginning to seek places which they think
safer.
LIVELY ENCOUNTER
AT ORANGE RIVER
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The War Office this
morning has the following: dispatch from
Cape Town, November 12 (noon):
"Colonel Gough at Orange River reports
that during a reconnoissance of fifteen
milts to a point nine miles west of Bel
mont on November 10 the officers of the
patrol first came on a Boer position taken
upon a great semi-circle ridge, standing
out Into a plateau. They endeavored to
make the Boers develop their strength by
demonstrating with two squadrons of the
Ninth Lancers and a field battery on the
left wing, with one and a half companies
of mounted infantry on the right wing
and with artillery in the middle of the
plateau out of the infantry fire.
"Joe enemy began by firing at our cay
airy from a gun at the north end. As
the cavalry, in open order, began to circle
around them the hills seemed full of
sharpshooters. The mounted infantry en
deavored to outflank the enemy's left, in
order to discover the laager, coming un
der a heavy and unexpected fire from a
few skirmishers.
"Our guns fired several apparently ef
fective shots, but the enemy did not re
spond, having withdrawn with the wound
ed. The enemy did not fire on the am
bulance. Colonel Gough withdrew his
force after a demonstration lasting three
hours and returned to camp the same af
ternoon near Orange River.
"The puns and a few horses were
brought in by rail. The wounded were
sent to Orange River by rail immediately
after, the action.. .-..• ■■■■■> ■
' '•Tlic enemy's strength appeared con
siderable—apparently 700, with one gun
under .David Dihe and P. Vander Merwe."
REPORTED REPULSE OF
BOERS AT MAFEKING
LONDON, Nov. 12.— The following: dis
patch from Colonel Baden-Powell, British
commander at Mafeking. dated October
25 and forwarded by General Buller, was
posted this evening by the War Office:
"All is well here. After two days' shell
ing and a heavy bombardment a body of
the enemy made a general attack on three
sides of the town, which was repulsed by
our Maxim fire. The enemy is now draw
ing off. Our casualties were slight.
"Lieutenant Llewellyn, with several
armored trains, drove off the enemy at
Crocodile Pool on Wednesday, killing
eight."
BELIEVES AMERICA
WOULD AID ENGLAND
RERLTN, Not. 12.— The Vossiche Zel
tung, disru-isirg the probability of inter
vention by a European power during
the hostilities in South Africa, says:
"However much great Britain's pesi
-sinn in Africa may be imperiled, it is
finite unlikely that Russia will make any
anti-British move. Great Britain can
rely iip-'n American and Japanese &up
pnrt in the event of any .difficulty with
Russia !i China."
PRETORIA MINES WORKED.
CAPE TOWN. Nov. B.— A dispatch from
Pretoria, dated yesterday, says that the
fofgign <"onsuls hold weekly meetings at
the residence of the Italian diplomatic
nui-nt to discuss matters of international
Interest. A< riling to the same corre
spondent the Rose Deep and Fereira
ENCOUNTERS BETWEEN BOERS
AND BRITONS AT KIMBERLEY
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 12.— The following telegram, undated, has been received from Klmberley by dlspa-tch rider via
Hopetown, November 4 (morning):
"In yesterday's fight the Boers made their appearance near Carters Farm. The British opened fire with a
.laxim. the enemy replying with rifles. By mistake our fir.' went down into the valley, killing a member of
thi Cap* police and wounding another. The British finally retired on the reservoir, where two guns were
brought up to shell the Boers. The result is not yet known.
Meanwhile some Boers had occupied Hampers Dam, firing with one gun on Ottos kopje, but not getting the range
they did no damage. It is believed six Boers were killed in the first fight.
"The Boers now surround Kimberley in great numbers and are bent on 'lifting' cattle and harassing the British.
"Now alarm signals were sounded at 10 o'clock this morning, the enemy having be^n sighted In groat numbers
and close to OUT outposts. They fired on a patrol under Major Peakman, which engaged them, but the firing was at
long range. The only casualty was the wounding of Major Ayleff of the Cape police.
"The enemy 'lifted' forty cattle northeast of the Sanitarium, subsequently tiring eight shells in the neighbor
hood of Fesmeada Farm at Keniiworth. They did no damage and retired. Later they fired on a number of convicts
who were working near the Sanitarium, and eventually went off with a. large number of cattle and donkeys.
"The Boers are well mounted and from the dips in the veldt they appear and disappear with marvelous rapidity,
bent on 'lifting' cattle. The demonstration made to the southwest to-day was only a feint to cover the unsuccessful
movement at Keniiworth after cattle. Their field gun shooting was poor, all the shells falling short."
LONDON, Nov. 12.— The War Office issued the following dispatch this evening from General Sir Redvers Euller,
dated Cape Town. November 11. 10:40 p. m.:
"Colonel Kekewich, British commander at Kimberley, reports that the enemy were very active on November 4,
principally with the object of driving off cattle. The Orange Free State troops retired rapidly before Colojiel Turner
without firing.
"At 12:30 p. m. the Transvaal troops advanced on Keniiworth. Major Peakman with a squadron of the Kimberley
Light Horse was hiding in the bush and gave the enemy a warm reception. The Boers retired, firing. Colonel Turner
reinforced Major Peakman, and at 12:40 p. m. the enemy opened fire with one piece of artillery at nearly 4000 yards
''Two guns of the Diamond Field Artillery were then sent in support of Colonel Turner, but the. enemy's guns
had ceased firing after the fifth round. Consequently our guns did not come into action. The enemy's artillery lire
was not damaging and their shooting was bad.
"Our casualties were limited to Major Ayleff of the Cape police, who was wounded in tbe neck. He is expected
to recover. Later in the day, our pickets say, the Boers carried off six dead from one spot, probably killed by our
Maxim. The total Boer loss was probably heavy, but had not been estimated by Colonel Kekewich.
"At 5:30 p. m. Colonel Turner was again in contact with a new body of the enemy on the Sehnest Drift ronrl.
From the conning tower a large number could be plainly seen about two miles to the north of the Kimberley reser
voir and others held a walled inclosure on the right flank. Colonel Turner opened fire with a Maxim and two guns
of the Diamond Field Artillery sent in support. He came into action at 5:47 p. m. and continued firing until dusk.
"Our further casualties there were Private Lubbe of the Cape police, who was shot through the bead and who
died on arriving at the hospital, and Segeant Watermage of the Kimberley division of the Cape police, who was wound
ed but is doing well.
"Colonel Kekewich is unable to stato the enemy's loss; but believes it must have be.->n severe, judging from the
precipitate retreat of the Boers. At 6:10 p. m. the enemy opened fire with one piece of artillery fn>m Camperdam on
Ottos kopje, the latter being held by the Cape police. The enemy inflicted no damage."
OVER SIX HUNDRED
FALL IN A BATTLE
AT PUERTO CABELLO
Venezuelan Rebels Defeated and General
Paredes Surrenders.
City Attacked by Land and Bombarded From the
Sea, Yielding to the Forces of the De
Facto Government Only After a
Stubborn Defense,
PUERTO CABELLO, Venezuela, Nov. 12.— General Pare
des, a former commander in the army of ex-President
Andrade, who had refused the demand made upon him
by General Cipriano Castro and the de facto authorities to sur
render the town, even when this was re-enforced by the request
of British. American, French, German and Dutch commanders,
surrendered this morning at 10 o'clock, after a terrible battle.
The aspect of the city is one of ruin and devastation and it is
estimated that upward of 650 persons were killed or wounded
during the fighting.
Dr. Braisted of the United States cruiser Detroit and the
other surgeons of the various warships in the harbor are minis
tering to the wants of the wounded.
General Ramon Guerra began a land attack upon the town
and the position of General Paredes on Friday night. Desul
tory fighting continued until Saturday morning about 4, and
then a fierce struggle ensued. General Paredes made a stub
born defense, but General Guerra forced an entrance into the
town at 5 o'clock yesterday.
As early as 6 o'clock Sunday morning the fleet . arrived
and began a bombardment, but the range was too great and the
firing proved ineffective.
General Paredes held the fort on the hill and Fort Liberata
dor until this morning.
Deep, with ten other mines, are working.
White and black labor is plentiful, and
the mint is busy cninins gold.
ORDERED TO SOUTH AFRICA.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Nov. 12.— The Allan
liner Carthapenlan, which arrived here
yesterday, has 115 men for the British
squadron at Ksrpiimalt. B. C. On the
men's arrival there two warships will be
immediately dispatched to South Africa
to reinforce the Brttsh fleet In those
waters.
Brother of Dr. I/cyds Dead.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 12.— Herr I.eyds,
brother of Dr. I^yds. and himself an
agent of the Transvaal Government, died
of apoplexy yesterday while on a visit to
his brother.
Movements of Troopships.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— The war office an
nounces that the troopphip Roslyn Castle
has arrived at Durban and the troopship
Gascon at Cape Town.
Transport Sardinian's Voyage.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— The Allen line
steamer Sardinian from Montreal and
Quebec, with the Canadian contingent for
South Africa, has arrived at St. Vincent,
Cape Verde Islands.
GREAT BRITAIN BACKS
CANADA'S DEMANDS
Disposed to Drive a Hard Bargain in
the Settlement of the Alaskan
Dispute.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The Journal's
Washington correspondent says: This
week will demonstrate the degree of
actual friendship felt by Great Britain
for the United States. Lord Pauncefote
intends to press for settlement the
Alaskan boundary question by arbitra
tion, and the offensive feature of his in
sistence lies In the fact that Great Britain
stands behind Canada's demand for a ces
sion of Pyramid Harbor or some other
American tidewater port to Canada.
The amiability of the American-British
"understanding" is not in a superlative
degree just now, and the State Depart
ment, if it expressed its sentiments,
would declare our English cousin is act
ing in a manner so singular that it can
not be described as wholly ingenuous.
Grave suspicion is entertained in official
PHICE FIVE CENTS.
quarters that Croat Britain, flushed with
success in forminer an alliance with Ger
many and forgetful of the recent past,
proposes to drive a hard bargain with
this country relative to the Alaskan
boundary, and intends to complicate the
matter, if possible, by the Injection of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty into the con-
Tn other words. Great Britain. It is be
lieved here, Intends to figuratively
Pyramid Harbor and Nicaragua Canal,
with neither of which sire ha
mate concern, and play' off one agaf-.st
the other. She will permit us to build
and own The Nicaragua Canal if we give
her Pyramid Harbor in Alaska, at the
b< ad of the Lynn Canal, or she may for
go Pyramid Harbor if she has equal in
* in the prospective Xicaragiian
Canal.
Her intentions have, become apparent
only -within the last few days. The cay
after Lord Salisbury made Ma glowing
s=t'»-roh at the I»rd Mayor's banquet in
London as to the friendliness between
this country and Great . " Britain, the
British Embassador, I^rd Pauncefote.
called at the State Department and re
vived the Alaskan boundary dispute.
About the time the apalc-igetic British
peer was "reluctantly" presenting to the
State Department Canada's Insistence
for a permanent settlement of the
Alaskan boundary on her own condition's.
Embassador Choate, at Edinburgh, was
eloquently responding to Lord Salis
bury's kindly sentiments in sentiments
still more kindly.
THREE WOMEN CRIMINALS.
Police of New York Make an Impor
tant Capture.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Three women
■ giving their names as Miss Mabel Ray,
I alias Mrs. James Bell, alias Mr*. J. W.
Crouch, 22 years of ac\ Chicago; Miss
Mary Doris. 24 years of ape, Evansville,
Ind.: Miss Nettie Kelson, alias Mrs. Mol
\\r McClure, 26 years of age, Memphis,
Term., were arrested p.t their boarding
place here as suspicious persons and their
rooms searched. The pouoe found brass
knuckles, a revolver and a large number
of pawn tk-kots. ranging in sums- from
Slit to 160. The latter .were for diamonds,
rings, watches, gold arm Lt». A
bottle of "knock. ait drops" was found.
A collection of clip] m Chicago
newspapers was found, telling of the ar
rest and conviction of James Bell, the
: husband of one of the -women, and of
I crimes of other Western criminals.2
MIDDLE WEST ARRAYED
AGAINST PACIFIC COAST
Trade Rivals Gather at St. Louis to Present Their
Claims Before the Interstate Commerce
Commission.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 12.— The meeting of the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion In this city to-morrow to hear the complaint of the Business Men'i
League of St. Louis, is attracting a good deal of attention. All the
members of the commission am expected to be present, including ex-
Qovernor Flfer of Illinois, who has been recently appointed. Among
attorneys of the league is w. J Calhoun, who recently resigned
from the commission. All the transcontinental roads are represented; also
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company-
The Pacific Coast Association is represented by Its president, Wakefleld
Baker, H. D. Loveland and C. W. Tay of San Francisco, Mr. Baruch of Los
Angeles. Mr. De Harl of Portland and Mr. Goldsmith of Seattle, and its at
torney, E, B PUlsbury- The Pacific association will ask leave of the com
mission to-morrow to file an Intervention setting up its interests.
It is reported to-night that the business leagues of Chicago, St. Paul,
Kanima City and other cities of the Sliddle West will also Intervene and
Join with St Louia In its light against the Pacific Coast. This will insure a
lively struggle and fully develop all the questions and differences between
the two contending sections. «
v na, the traffic manager of the St. Louis League, has
given an fnten • ■ published in the Globe-Democrat this morn-
Ing, in which he practically admits that its aim is to offset the disadvantages
o f y g railroad rates, which will put them upon an
equality with points favored by water competition. This doctrine is contrary
to former dei teions of the commission, and. if successful, would enable the
Middle Wesi ti ln< rease Its business at the expense of the Pacific Coast and
the A 1 t'toard as well.
CARDINAL GOTTI
CAINS FRIENDS
Strongest Candidate for
the Papacy.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
don iiennett.
ROME. Nov. 12.— The Cardinal who is
most "papahle" (eligible) at the present
moment Is Cardinal Gottl. Hi.s asa
•would not be displeasing to Americanists,
ke Vannutelli, he would not be
a political and diplomatic Pope like Loo
XIII, but rather an apostolic and religious
one.
Every one knows that Americanists,
and especially Monsignor O'Connell,
makes much of Cardinal Vannutelli, In
the hope of seeing him wear the tiara
Borne day. Cardinal Vannutelli is Mon
r Ireland's candidate. It Ifl certain,
nr. that his chance has greatly di
minished, and the Americanists wll prob
ablj be out of pocket by the propaganda
in his f
When the Pope's letter on Americanism
tred in January last, the rectors of
.. in College behaved in a
peculiar way toward Monsignor X
[most drove biro cut oi their estab
lishment, and in any case urged upon
him that he should leave as soon as p"*
and rind lodging elsewhere. Mton
r Keane, therefore-, went to a
wnere he has sp'-nt the last few months
of his sojourn in Rome. These facts are
:ned by a Protestant convert to
licism, who rebukes the proceeding
I y which the Canadian priests sought to
lii.v favor with the F> pe.
The Pop. t few days aero the
American Hishop Dr. Chaterd, Ordinary
. : Indianapolis, Ind. This prelate is 90
years of ago and bad an apoplectic at
two months ago. The ('<■■,»• was
very anxious to kn.iw what impression
the* condemnation of Americanism had
on the oilu-r side of the Atlantic,
but it is doubtful whether he was able to
obtain much Information on the subject
from the Bishop, who, when a corre
lent sought to Interview him t\\.> or
three days ago on the subject of a peti
tion to President McKlnley in favor of
the Transvaal, r< plied that he couid not
answer, as hia i forbidden him
to do anything tint would fatigue his
bruin.
Cardinal Satolli, who wafl formerly
courttd by tin Americanists whm he
was at Washington, ■ over bag
and baegiigij to the opposite camp.
SEEKS A LOAN FROM
THE GERMAN EMPIRE
Trans-Siberian Railway Costing Mois
Than Was Anticipated and
Russia Needs Money.
BERLIN. Nov. 12.- It ia stated on the
ithority that l»r. yon Miquel,
Prussian Minister of Finance, had B
conference to-day with Emperor William.
It appears that one of the sub
jects discussed during the visit of
Emperor Nicholas last week was
the raising of another Russian
loan in Germany, Russia having failed to
effect unt- v.'.> « This
explains why Dr. yon Miquel was present
. with < ount yon
Jiutiow and Count Muravieff, the German
Prussian Foreign Ministers, at the
Interview between the Czar and the
Kaiser. Emperor William, it is asserted,
made no promts* ear in the mat
ter, leaving it understood that whether
;*.. <;■::... .. Government would favor an
other Russian loan here or not dep<
largely upon Dr. yon Mlquel'a answer to
day, prepared at th« Kmperors r^iurst.
In the meanwhile Dr. yon Miquel con
sulted with the leading German financiers.
nearly all of whom discouraged the pro
posal, as they have been reliably in
formed that the trans-Siberian Railroad
is likely to proi expensive than
U generally surmised. Moreover, a Kus
i?ian financial crash Is expected
To-day Dr. yon Miquel reported to this
effect to the Kaiser, and it may be con
sidered certain that the proposed loan
here has failed.
FIRE CHIEF INJURED.
Destructive Conflagration Occurs in
City of Montreal.
MONTREAL. Nov. 12.— Fire to-day de
stroyed the biscuit and confectlotiery
warehouse of Viau & Frere and adjoining
buildings ou Notri reel
an aggregate loss of $500,000. Th«- flamea
started in the basement ot the Viau fac
tory, an old frame structure and burned
rapidly. The Humes Bpread tv v big
bonded warehouse to ;;•• south of the
Viau building, and wb< ne walls
of that - went down they crushed
in a row of tenement bouses, all of which
were vacant. Chief Benolt of the fire
brigade was badly injured and a fireman
named Pelletier was fatally burned.
MAY BE JOHNSON.
Body Lies Imbedded in the Mud Off
Black Point.
XOVATO. Nov. 12.— The body of a man
was discovered naif burled In the mud
and ooze off Black Point to-day. The
countenance id smeared with blood, giv
ing rise to a theory "' foul play. Many
believe it to be the body of William John
sen, the "blacksmith politician," wh<> dis
appeared a few days ago, but member.-)
of his family declare it is not the body of
the missing man. Owing to the distance
of the corpse from the shore and the
treacherous natur.> of the slime ik) one
will be able to get near it until to-murrow.
Injured Doing Well.
DENISON. lowa, Nov. 12.— Twenty-five
of the men injured in the wreck on the
Omaha and Fort Dodge road Saturday are
being cared for. Thougn several of the
men are very badly hurt, it is thought all
•will recover. Considering the large num
ber on the wrecked train Umi, j t i s a
miracle that there were not more casual-
Ues, The promptness and efficiency >>f
the relief measures taken by the railroad
company doubtless saved several li.
wrecking party found that there was not
enough left of the two trains to be worth
saving, so the debris was burned in order
to clear the track.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromn Quinine Tablets. All
druKslitit refund the money I! it fall* to cure.
E. W. Grove's sijji.a.ture Is on each box. 26c
CAPTAIN AND
WIFE MURDERED
Tragedy on a Brazilian
Vessel.
Special Dispatch to Th* <"*all.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 12.— Captain Mc-
Carthy of the British steamer Trunkby,
which arrived to-day from Santa Cruz.
Teneriffe. report? that a few days before
his arrival at Santa Cruz the Brazilian
bark Jullanna Sohoorer, from Rio Janeiro
for Genoa, Italy, put in for provisions.
The health authorities asked the master
why there wire but fifteen persons on
board when the articles named seventeen
ms leaving Rio Janeiro. The captain said
the others had died from yellow fever.
When the vessel was released from quar
antine one of the crew Btated to on.- of the
customs guards that the man in charge
was not the master of the ship, but tije
mate, and that the mate had murdered
the master and his wife on the voyage,
Tiir- authorities sent boats' crews from
a small Spanish man-of-war in the harbor
to bring the mate and crew ashore The
bad susp.-cted something, and he
armed himself with a revolver and defied
the whole of the Bye boats' crews of
Spanish man-of-warsmen to take him.
The sailers, under orders from their <>{fi
cers, fusilladed the man and the vessel for
five hours, during- which time, it is said,
800 shots were fired.
The mate was killed at last, having been
shot several times. During the firing the
crew jumped o.verboard and were rei
by the warshro's boats, in their excite
ment the Spaniards s.-l tire to the bark,
but as soon as they found the mate dead
they extinguished the fire. The bark had
previously hailed from Oporto, Portugal,
and its name bad been painted out. The
murderer had changed the name and
claimed Brazil as thf> vessel's nation.
CONSOLIDATION OF
BIG RAILWAYS PLANNED
Harriruan-Gould Syndicate Seeks a
Method Whereby Traffic Rates
May Be Upheld.
<~HICAOO. N"v. 12.— The Chronicle to
morrow will s»ny: John W. Gates, William
Erienborn, Isaac L. Wood and John Lamb
ert, the heaviest stockholders in the
American Bteal and wire interest, have
joined hands with E. H. Harrlman and
the other members of the Harriman-Gould
syndicate In a comprehensive plan of cam
paign, which has for its object the con
solidation "f the leading trunk railways
in the United States.
The scope of the plan is p^id to be not
merely one of traffic alliance, but the
welding of actual ownership in a deter
mined effort to uphold traffic rates inde
pendent of th«» Interstate Commerce Com
mission or other Government aid.
PUGILIST MAY DIE.
Harry Apfel Receives Probably Fatal
Injuries in the Ring.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— At the Pelican
Athletic Club in Brooklyniast night Harry
Apfel nnd Jack Fox were matched at 138
pounds for twenty rounds. Apfel was
knocked out in the thirteenth round and
s> o r,d hours afterward lapsed into a
state of coma, from which he has not yet
recovered. It is claimed that when Apfel
fell he struck his chin upon the floor, re
ceiving a fracture. He is now lying in
the Norwegian Hospital. Brooklyn," uncon
scious, and it is said that the chances of
very are small.
Several arrests were made to-day and
others will be made to-morrow. James J.
Regan, the timekeeper of the bout was
arrested and held, together with four of
the young men who acted as handlers and
witnesses. Fox has not yet been arrested
ACCUSES MOLINEAUX.
Joseph Koch Says He and Cornish
Are the Same Man.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— The World pub
lishes* an affidavit by Joseph Koch,
manager of a Broadway private letter
agency, positively identifying Roland B.
Molineaux as the man who engaged a
letterbox on December 21, 1898, under (he
name of v. Cornish, Koch further
swore, that a sample box of Kutnbw
powder, as well as other pieces of mail
arrived addressed to H. Cornish.
HUNTINGTON TALKS OF THE
SHIP-BUILDING SYNDICATE
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.-A representative of The Call visited C. P. Huntington at his residence on Fifth avenue to-day In an endeavor to obtain some authori
tative statement concerning the syndicate of ship builders. Mr. Huntington said;
"You may be surprised when I say that I know very little about the actual status of these negotiations. "Whether they have been definitely concluded
°uv! Ot lam unable to say - * can on 'y tell you about my' own plant at Newport News. I was visited some time ago and asked to join such a syndicate, and
„,,." though 1., would much refer to go it alone and not follow the lead of others I told them that I would put my ship yard (the biggest in the world) In the
syndicate, provided the Inducement was sufficient.
t4nn n " T r l It where the matter stands to-day. They know just what my terms are and have my consent to Include the Newport News yard In their combina
w.ii',;il£ iS> „*' a »ree to my terms. "Whether they have yet reached a decision I am unable to say. Neither can I say whether the Union Iron Works will be
inciuaea • Mr. Henry Scott was here a few days ago, but 1 1 understand he left New York direct for San Francisco yesterday morning." ; ■ ■ .. V
„, „ BU Pi? O v Se such a syndicate should operate all the. big yards.of the country, would' the Government be forced to pay the syndicate's price for naval vessels?
mere would be no competition, no underbidding," suggested The Call correspondent. .
t*± wo- '^li 1 '" S « ld yi L' H " n V ton - " the Government has several plants of its own, located, I believe, at Norfolk. Va., Brooklyn, and Portsmouth, N. H. Besides
li tn* 7 t^ , Bound ' lt win soon have a big new dock in San Francisco Bay, and if the Government wishes to enter the ship building business on a large
syndicate of 'private bUildi pifivate contract ? can do so *"* well. The Government would certainly do this rather than submit to unfair treatment by a
! ™ 0 V na L Say that 1 lntend soon t0 be ln California, and hope henceforth to spend more time in the State than I have been able to do for many years."
~" wimn-t Meraitt to-morrow will say: "Much interest has been aroused by the announcement in the Herald that steps are being taken to form a syndicate for the
purpose 01 purchasing five of the largest ship building plants In the United States. If this plan should be carried out, lt Is said, the syndicate might be able to
dictate prices to the Government for warships and other work." {%: .
"V & If' Seli an & Co. are said to have a hand in the financial arrangements. When I spoke to Henry Seligman to-day he said:
ni*t«i Thl Sa> ' ♦. negotiations are In progress for a combination of several of the largest ship building companies in the country. They have not yet been com
ttae ™ It " nou " t involved may be said to be In the neighborhood of $20,000,000, lam not at liberty to discuss the matter further at this time, nor can I give
'„ fo^n P«nitT !fi l r Individuals who are interested in the project. You may say that the firm of J. &W. Seligman & Co. Is not interested as an investor
No foreign capital will be invested. Several New York men are interested .in the plan." mvesior.
;•. n PI * IIUADEI HIA - Nov. 12.-Charles H. Cramer, president of the Cramp Ship Building and Engine Building Company, when seen to-day, would not admit
that a plan is under consideration to establish a ship building trust, which; might include bin company. Then he said: . • mlt
mrnnpl er> thlng seemed propitious until they struck a snag. No combination can be effected wnere the great ship building yards of the United States could
compel S?n,SS Vern ment ,, to pay whatever prices for work might be demanded. The Government limits the price on vessels. It knows as well as anybody w It
h.nnTi.n nM V" '/' a nd the minute a builder attempted to put an- exorbitant price the Government would say: 'We go elsewhere for our vessels' No^Tom
£°" C Id h ,,n!, formed to squeeze', the Government in the matter of ship ..building. We were obliged to compete with other yards- before we secured the
Sld^be^ertr S Si s^ce^urc^nfpeution •' SSia ' &nd a " y — *^"» mlSht attempt to corner Government ship building in t^ 'coin try
with , A y?»I g6 » stnckh . ol( . ler ll the Cram S.' Company, who would not allow his name to be made public, said: "It is a fact that a syndicate has been formed
S,\h p! "n nfr' ShlP bui i din « P lantß in this country. This syndicate, lam * Informed, has already secured options on the Newport
Ne|| ohip Building and Dry Dock Company, the Union Iron Works of San -Francisco, and the Bath (Maine) Iron Works. The Cramps have been asS to
*«, „ fS.S» n v♦ I P \ aJ \'« It' V' nOt r/ e i d « ne S °- The matter has not been laid before the stockholders of the Cramp Company, because the prono
be wiilfS sel '• assumed; definite ape ;;lf; the fl ? ure named; by. the syndicate is high enough, I believe the. stockholders of the Cramp Company S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
BATTLED WITH
NAVAJO INDIANS
Deadly Conflict Near
Walnut Station.
♦
FIVE REDSKINS ARE KILLED
• -
TWO WHITE MEN AND ONE IN
DIAN WOUNDED.
♦
Fatal Results of an Attempt Made
by a Sheriff's Posse to Arrest a
Man Accused of Cattle-
Stealing.
Special Dispatch to Thf Coll.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Nov. 12.— One white
man and five Navajo Indians killed, two
whites and one Xavajo wounded, was the
result of an attempt of a Deputy Sheriff
to arrest a Navajo yesterday ten miles
south of Walnut Station.
On November 6 a band of six Navajos
who were hunting on Canyon Padre, be
low Anderson Kirn in this county, held
up William Montgomery, a cowboy In the
employ of William Roden, a cattleman.
They accused him of stealing horses and
threatened to kill him. He came to Flag
staff and obtained a warrant and with
Deputy Hogan left on Thursday to make
arrests. At Roden's camp they were
joined by William Roden and Walter Dur
ham, who went along to show the deputy
where the Navajos were camped. Arriv
ing at the camp the party dismounted
and anticipating no trouble. Hogan at
tempted to execute the warrant and en
tered a brush corral where four Navajos
wore, when the Indians made resistance
and a shot was fired at Hogan, striking
him In the back, he at the time being in
a tussle with a Navajo who was try-
Ing to shoot him. Hogan drew his pistol
ami killed his antagonist.
The fight became general and ended
when the ammunition of the white men
was exhausted. The result Is that five
Navajos are dead and one wounded.
Montgomery was shot through the heart.
Hogan was wounded three times, but not
seriously.
VICE PRESIDENT IS
STEADILY IMPROVING
Marked Change for the Better in His
Condition and His Wife Much
Encouraged.
PATERSON. N. J., Xov. 12. -Vice Presi
dent Hobart passed a favorable night,
and the improvement that has been ob
served for several days continued to-day.
Fie at" solid f 1 with relish and it
prompt!}' assimilated. With his meals he
took milk, and between meals was given
milk punches.
This is a marked change from his condi
tion ten days ago. At thai time he was
rapidly sinking and his stomach had re
food ot all kinds. F< r several days
he lived on grapes and the juice of grape
fruit, but it soon appeared that his >!..m
--ach was b ng sted that he could not
even take these.
.Mr. Hobart now spends most of his
time in a reclining position and be sleeps
without the aid of opiates. The most
painful and alarming feature of his ill
ness has been his attacks of nervousness
a,< night approaches. Thes^ attacks have.
:>ed.
Mrs. Hobart, who has spent nearly
every minute of her time ''airing the last
two weeks at the bedside of her husband,
feels much encouraged and has had more
r< si than formerly.
TO REMOVE INDIANS
FROM INDIAN TERRITORY
Immigration Agent Lyons to Make
Arrangements With the
Aborigninies.
PORT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 12.— W. J.
Lyons. Immigration Agent of the repub
lic of Mexico; J. EL Dick, secretary of tho
Ketowa Society o£ the Cherokee Indians
and ex-chlef clerk of the Cherokee Coun
cil, and Judge J. T. Drew of Fort Gibson,
I. T., are here on business pertaining to
the removal of the Indians from the In
dian Territory. Secretary l>ick -<4aid
there would be at leasi 35,000 or 10,000. In
dians who would eventually lo< ate in
Mexico after this Government had settled
with tin- Indians for their tribal property,
the value of the land of tin- Cheroke< j
and Creeks being about H00.000.00d He
paid a committee will so. in go t" Wash
ington to confer with the department as
to the disposition of these lands. The In
dians do nut approve of allotment plans,
and prefer to sell outright to the Govern
ment. The Mexican Government' lias
granted eight million acres for the settle
ment.
REBELS DEFEATED.
Chinese Army Under General Ma
Crushes Tacheng's Forces.
TACOMA, Nov. 12.— The steamer Saint
Irene brings advices that the Chinese
army under General Ma has def rated the
Maachurlan rebels under Chief Taoheng.
A largo numher of Insurgents were killed
and the insurrection nearly crushed, T;i
cheng has been executed and his followers
dispersed. Junglu, generalissimo of the
northern Imperial army, has commended
Genera] Ma, ordering that he and his men
be suitably rewarded.
Joseph Martella Returns.
POINT REYES STATION, Nov. 12.—
Joseph Martella, the well-known rancher
and politician, who left his home lure a
few weeks ago and was generally regard
ed as missing, has returned. From his
explanation it appears that th.' rancher
merely succumbed to the common weak
nesses of humanity, and returned when
his money gave out. He asserts that his
family expected his return and was not
alarmed.
BIG BLAZE AT
CRESCENT CITY
Entire Town at One Time
Threatened.
•- —
BELIEVED TO BE INCENDIARY
— ; •
STABTED IN THE BLOCK OWNED
" BY MBS. STELZEB.
•
There Is No Fire Department in the
City, but the Citizens Organ
ized Hastily and Fought
- . the Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITY, Nov. 12.— The most
disastrous fire which has occurred at
Crescent City .for many years originated
last night in the concrete State building
on the corner of Second and 1 streets. The
property belongs to Mrs. Elizabeth Stel
zer. How the fire originated is yet a
question of mere conjecture, but as no
iv. i tunable ground can be assigned for ac
cidental theory It is supposed to have
been the work of an incendiary.
The tire rapidly spread to other build
ings, and for a time it seemed as if the
whole city were doomed. But by the fa
voring changes of the wind perhaps more
thaji any other reason the devouring ele
ment was stopped, after having swept
about one-fourth of the block in tne busi
ness center of the town, including the
store and residence of Mrs. Stelzer, the
drug store of Mrs. Z. A. Chaceneau, the
variety store of H. S. Hughes and th«
jewelry store of T. Eausino. The toUri
loss is at least $10,000.
When discovered the fire had made euch
rapid progress that it was impossible to
remove some $2000 worth of stock in the
Btcres. Attention was at once directed to
the saving of goods aJid furnkure from
the endangered building, causing the
streets ana sidewalks to be blockaded
with all manner of wares. The electric
lights w>>re extinguished by reason of the
danger from falling wires, but the town
\va.- never before so brilliantly lighted.
Without any organized fire department
it was virtually a hand to hand combat
with the Itamej, in which every citizen
willingly joined, and by dint of faithful
wmk and good luck the flames were kept
from crossing the street.
The building in which the fire started
was Insured tor $6000 in the London and
Lancashire Insurance Company. The in
surance all told on the other buildings
amounts to $1500.
CAPTAIN BAISLEY
MURDERED AT SEA
Being Stabbed, He Falls Overboard,
and the Criminal Sails Away
With the Schooner.
ST. JOHN'S. N. 8., Nov. 12.— A murder
I on the schooner J. B. Van Dusen of
New York was made known to-day by the
receipt of a message from the vessel's
mate to the owners' agent in this city. It
stated that Captain Haisley of this city
had been stabbed by a sailor named Max
well, had afterward fallen overboard and
died in the Bhlp's boat which had put off
i,, rescue him. As for the sschooner, it
disappeared in the darkness under con
ditions which made it seem probable that
the murderer and the steward, the only
men left on board, had gotten the schoon
. r und( r way and headed in toward the
Nova Scotia const.
The schooner left, this port lumber laden
for New fork late yesterday afternoon.
The tragedy w;is evidently enacted in
the bay of Punday within a few hours
after clearing land.
Maxwell for several voyages sailed with
Captain Halsley as his mate.
'I be sehoeoer was finally located Rt
BemWCT HSEbOr t<i-day, where it had been
landed ÜBder charge of the cook, Frank
Simwden. B&owdeo said Captain Balsley
and Sailor Maxwell had a fight about
dark last night, during which the captain
had been knocked overboard. The mate
and another sailor Immediately took the
I mat and rowed away in search of Cap
tain Haisley. Their boat, the cook said,
disappeared, and he took the wheel of
the schooner. Later it was learned that
the Van Dnsf-n, with the mate and sailor,
had arrived at Point Lepreaux with the
body of Captain Baisley. Maxwell is un
der guard.
YAQUIS ROUTED
BY MEXICAN TROOPS
Two Days of Sharp Fighting During
Which the Indians Were Se
verely Punished.
OUAYMAS, Mexico. Nov. 12.— With the
restoration of telegraphic communica-
Uon between General Torres' head
quarters at Torin and Guaymas comes a
dispatch conveying news of a two days'
fight between Mexican troops and lhe
faquls. The Indians attacked the gar
rison in Fort Angestura, near Potam.
and were ropulsed. Later reinforce
ments wore rent from Torln and Potam.
The troops attacked the town of Vlcam
and routed tho Indians, with consider
able loss to the latter. Thursday the
troops again engaged the' Indians at
I iampox and scattered the Yaquis.
the lnss-'S being heavy. The casualties
of the .-Mxirans are given as four killed
and twelve wounded.
NOT A ROBBER.
Identity of the Man Killed by Chi
cago Police Operator.
CHICAGO, Nov. «12.— The body of the
supposed robber who was shot dead last
night by Claude B. Giles, a police opera
tor, was identified to-day as Frank Doyle,
a brother of John Doyle of the firm of
John Doyle & Co., wealthy contractors.
The deceased's mother Is also said to be
well-to-do, and the hold-up theory is
scouted by Doyle's friends, who declare
his mother ki-pt him well supplied with
funds and that he had no occasion to re
sort to robbery to secure money. Giles
a practically under arrest, awaiting an
investigation.
MANUFACTURERS WILL
FIGHT TRADES UNIONS
Four Hundred Sheet-Metal Work
ers Locked Out in Chicago as
the Initial Step.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— T0 break up the present trades unions, to stamp out
completely the arbitrary power of walking delegates, is the plan of cam
paign of Chicago contractors and architects. Not until the unions are brok
en up and a new co-operative association of employers and worfcingmen has
been formed will the contest cease, it is asserted.
The first active step In the campaign to deStroy the existing unions was
taken when fourteen manufacturers of sheet metal locked out from their fac
tories over 400 employes. This action, it is expected, will be followed by other
manufacturers of the same commodity, it being avowed openly that the man
ufacturers wish to break up the union.
The manufacturers claim that they have made the move in support of the
Sykes Steel Roofing Company, a member of the association which ordered a
lockout, the union having demanded that the company pay six tinners for
time lost on account of their having struck on one of the company's jobs.
SLOW RECOUNT
IN KENTUCKY
Returns Thus Far Favor
Taylor.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 12.— The sec
ond week of uncertainty regarding the
result of the halloting for Governor of
Kentucky begins with little prospect of
immediate relief. The official count has
been In progress two days and official re
turns from a large majority of the 119
counties have narrowed the contest down
to a close finish. Each side claims the
election of its ticket, but the estimated
pluralities of either does not exceed 3000.
While the returns so far received favor
Taylor, the result of the count may hinge
on the decision given by the County Elec
tion Commissioners In several places
where contests have been begun on the
ground of alleged irregularities.
One of these contests, that in Nelson
County, has been decided adversely to the
Republicans. It involves 1198 votes—
nearly as many as either side claims as
its plurality.
The Democrats will contest the votes
of some of the mountain counties, which
return large Republican pluralities. The
most important county Involved is Knox,
which pave Taylor 1398 plurality. There
are also contests in three precincts in
Louisville, which went Republican.
In any event it is difficult to see how a
hitter contest before the Legislature and
the courts can be avoided. All the con
tests now being considered by the county
election officers will have to be argued
before the State Board of Commissioners,
which must meet at Frankfort within a
month. Both sides are preparing for this
with all the l<>gal talent at their com
mand. Meanwhile, everything hangs on
the official count, which will, consume a
large portion of the week. In Jefferson
County (Louisville) the work is especially
slow. Only one ward has been completed
in the two days' work.
The Commercial to-morrow will print a
statement from Chairman Long of the
Republican State campaign committee
claiming a plurality of 3UI for Taylor.
These figures are based on the official re
turns of 110 county election boards, upon
returns slgni-i] by the precinct election of
ficers in eight counties* more counties In
which the county boards have not fur
nished tabulation and upon returns in one
county in which the election officers re
fuse to certify to the returns.
The 110 counties giving official returns
show pluralities of 27,121 for Taylor and
29.80.T for Oocbel, a nPt plurality of 2154 for
OoebeL In the eight counties not yet can
vassed pluralities are shown amounting to
6424 for Taylor and 1833 for Goebel. The
committee claims that these returns have
been certified to by the precinct election
officers and need only to be tabulated. In
the remaining county, Lewis, there Is a
plurality of 704 for Taylor, but the elec
tion officers boldly refuse to obey the law
by certifying to their returns.
The Courier-Journal will print a state
ment from Mr. Goebel at Frankfort de
claring there is no doubt of his election,
but gives no figures, the announcement
being made that no returns have, been re
ceived since last night, when Goebel s
plurality was figured at 155. '
BATTLES WITH AN
INSANE HUSBAND
Half-Starved Woman Fights Heroic
ally With a Madman for
Seven Hours.
ST IvOUIS, Nov. 12.— 1n the grasp of her
insane husband, Mrs. Ralph Reif battled
for her life from 7 o'clock last Saturday
night until 2 o'clock Sunday morninK.
She had been kept a prisoner by her hus
band in their third-story flat for three
days. For two days of this time she was
without food. Whenever she attempted to
leave the room her husband would seize
her and bring her hack.
A tenant on the floor below, hearing the
disturbance, finally called a policemap.
Forcing open the door, Mrs. Reif was
found lying on the bed with her hus
band's hands clutching her throat. She
was struggling feebly, but was too weak
to offer much resistance. Reif was taken
to the City Hospital. He had been con
liurd in the Insane Asylum for several
months, but was released three weeks
ago at the request of his wife, as it wns
thought he was cured. Roif was a brick
layer.
Football Player May Die.
ST. LOt'IS, Nov. 12.— John Allen, who
was injured In the game with the St.
Louis University Alumni Saturday, has
not yet regained consciousness. His con
dition Is serious.
A Bottle of Evans' Ale
Shows the highest point yet reached In
brewing. •
JAPAN PREPARES
TO MEET RUSSIA
Shipbuilders Ordered to
Lose No Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— Hurry orders have
been received by the builders of the Japa
nese battleship now in process of .con
struction at Clyde Bank to complete the
vessel as speedily as possible. The new
ship, which will be one of the largest i
afloat, is to be finished by January 1. 1800.
]t is believed the instructions are caused
by the increasing tension between Japan
and Russia.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail pays:
"An uneasy feeling regarding the rela- i
tions of Russia and Japan is spreading
here. There is no doubt that Japan is
practically allied with China, despite the.
degradation which the Empress Dowager
inflicted upon the Chinese envoys to
Japan upon their recent return. This
was merely a tactical move, with a view
of appeasing Russia.
"A large Russian fleet Intends wintering
in Nagasaki harbor, and some remon
strance by Japan is probable. Prince, i
Henry of Prussia, the commander of the j
German squadron in the North Pacific, ;
is watching tho progress of events. He I
recently declared in the course of a con
versation that the Japanese army was In
splendid condition from a European
point of view."
The Daily Mail says: "We understand
there is considerable censorship on cable
messages from Japan."
HER BODY APPEARS
TO BE FULL OF NEEDLES
Strange Case of an Irish Girl Now
Under Treatment by a Delaware
Physician.
WILMINGTON, Del., Nov. 12— Hanna
Reardon, aged 19 years, a girl who came
to this- city from Ireland three months
ago, is having a remarkable experience.
Soon after her arrival here she com
plained of a sore finger, from which a
physician removed a needle. Since then
she made frequent trips to the physician,
who has now removed from different por
tions of the girl's body eighty-seven
needles and pieces of needles. He intends
to use X rays to discover how -mu.ny
mere needles she- has in her body.
lh<- girl tWinKs *lie ' nival lia \ c SWal
lowed needles while in a. Catholic home
in Kilkenny, when she was in the habit
of putting needles in her mouth. Two
more needles were discovered to-day.
WELCOMES FRIENDSHIP
OF AMERICAN PEOPLE
English Press Comments Freely on
the Recent Speech of Embassa
dor Choate.
LONDON. Nov. 13.— The Times, refer
ring editorially this morning to the speech
of United Slates Embassador Choate at
the annual banquet of the Walter Scott
Club in Edinbourgh Friday evening, says:
"The American people are generous
enough to like us better for being proud
and glad of their sympathy than for hav
ing given them our own. So now the
English people find in the hearty appro
bation of a great, free nation encourage
ment and strength of a kind which even
ironclads cannot supply."
Proceeding to discuss the bearings of
the Samoan agreement, the Times re
marks: "Roth the English and American
people will remember that in the very na
ture of things Germany can never be the
friend of either in quite the same sense
as they are, ami ought increasingly to be
come friends of one another."
FIGHTING ROCKEFELLER.
Carnegie Company Enters Competi
tion on Lake Shipbuilding.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 12.— The E>lspatch to
morrow will say: The first real entry of
Pittsburg into the construction of large
steel vessels on the latest approved and
most modern lines is qjxrat to be under
taken, and with the taking of this step
comes the initial move by the Carnegie
Steel Company to combat the partly suc
cessful gobble by the Rockefeller inter
ests of all the available lake tonnage
This is what was meant by the incorpora
tion last Friday of the Pittsburg Steam
ship Company at Charleston, W.'Va., as
was learned yesterday.
H. W. Oliver says: "The new company
represents the Carnegie-Oliver interests
and its purpose is to establish a shipyard
at the lakes. It is the intention to build
ore carriers for this interest. This i« all
that can be definitely stated at this time,
as the company has just been incorpor
ated."
The authorized capital of the Pittsburg
Steamship Company is $5,000,000. The prin
cipal incorporator ia Attorney James H
Hoyt of Cleveland, who is acting for the
Carnegie-Oliver interests.
STRIKERS AT OMAHA.
Men Submit Their Contentions to As
certain Their Legality.
OMAHA, Nov. 12.— A special to the Bee
from Cheyenne, Wyn., says: The strik
ers in the Union Pacific shops have re
ferred the matter to the International As
sociation of Machinists, which will report
upon the legality of the strike. If the
strike is sanctioned it will be continued.
With little hope of settlement. The report
1h expected by Tuesday and meantime
matters will continue as they are with
only a part of the force at work. Super
intendent of Motive Power J. H. McCon
nell will remain here until the trouble
is adjusted. There has been no disorder.
FRANCHISES ASSESSABLE.
Opinion of Texan Attorney-General
to This Effect.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 12.— 1n answer to a
question submitted to Comptroller Finley.
the Attorney General has written an opin
ion, holding that there is statutory au
thority for the assessment of corporate
franchises.
The franchises of a large number of
railroads, telephone, telegraph and other
corporations have been assessed for taxa
tion, the total value so far fixed amount-
Ing to several hundred million dollars.
The corporations have been waiting for
this opinion ami will carry the matter into
the courts at once.
Emma Nevada Reappears.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— Mrnp. Emma
Nevada, the American soprano, made her
reappearance In New York to-night at
the Metropolitan Opera-house in concert.
The place was crowded. She had not
been heard in this city for fourteen year?, "
although she sang in Philadelphia about
three years a-go. She sang the ma<i
scene from "Lucia," was vociferously re
ceived and gave the "Shadow Song."
from "Dinoral." as an encore, following
this with a ballad. In the second part of
tli" programme she sang the bell song
from "Lakme." • ■
ADMIRAL DEWEY
ACTS AS GODFATHER
Interesting Part in a Social Function
at the House of an Old Friend
of the Officer..
NEW YORK Nov. 12.— Admiral. Dewey
acted as godfather to the <'hild of the
daughter of an old friend of his to-day.
Shortly after breakfast Admiral Dewey
was joined by his son, George, and the
two lefl the Waldorf-Astoria and took
an elevated train t r Bouth Ferry. Few
people recognized them as they walked
k , - iio such demonstra
tions . .; n Friday and Saturday
morning, which caused the adnfirai to
announce thai he would leave the city
unles the -enthusisam waa controlled.
At South Ferry the admiral and his son
took a ferrj boal for ToMipkinsvti'- -
'■')'■ : there short ly aft< i
and went i t h>- residenci • f
fr< di i I Harrimai : 8 Mrs.
Harriman Is .a > an old friend
of the admiral, and the baptism of aer
*""■ ' Jr., w;,.- made something
of a social event. The admiral l^f t for
N' j w J ter 8 oclock.
On the way. over I about WO
I""!'!" on th boal - and ->
1 around the word thai Admiral
Dewey was aboard everj one- made a
rush for his part of : the boat. Th.
miral did not seem to like it. and
one waa : houj ugh .to sus
thnt the admiral not like too ('la's.- friend
ship, ■ ■ . th<*
cue. when the boat reached her sli t -> tl >j
people rushed off ahead of the admiral
and lined -.the | oi> both
as he and his son passi d between the two
lines. . . •.•.•■
Mrs. Dewey and a friend, in the after
noon/ went; foi nfral Park;
and along Riverside drive.
FAVORS THE CANAL.
Schley Urges the Building of the
Nicaraguan "Waterway.
CHATTANOOGA. Not. 12.— A corres
pondent of the Huntsvilli Mercury, whlto
at Birmingham, asked Admiral Schley ir.
he thought the building of- the Nicara
guan canal would be an advani
United States, Admiral Schley is quoted.
as saying:
"I consider it Imperative - thai the canal
be built. It would enable us to mobilize
<,ur Beet on either coast on s-hort i.
and would facilitate pur d-e'fense in. case
of war and render the American navy In
vincible. And then it would open up the
way to the Orient, where a ready market
can be found for our cotton, iron and
coal."
ADVEBTISEMENTS."
A New York Physician Advises
His Patient to take Lydra E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
' [LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 73,936]
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham — have three
children and suffered^with falling of
the womb and flooding. My physician
scraped the womb, still the flooding
continued and I was no better. At
last he advised me to use Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Then
I thought I would write to Mrs. Pink-
ham .for she could advise me better
than any one if I was to take her reme-
dies. I received her reply and followed
all her directions and I am very glad
to send you this testimonial, for Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is
just what it is recommended to be. I
advise all women • who suffer from
theso complain to to try : ib."C_Jfjuarß
Lemp, 106 2© Aye., New York City.
• "A year ago I was a great sufferer
from painful menstruation. I could
not lie down or sit down for the dread-
ful pain each month. I wrote to you
and took twelve bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has helped me so I cannot find
words to express my gratitude toward
Mrs. Pinkham. 1 am to-day well and
hearty." — Miss Joie Saul, Dover,
Clare Co. Mich. r .-.'.- .;;
More than a million women have
been helped by Mrs. Pinkham's advice
and medicine.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
■trans AMertlons as to Jnat What
the Remedies Will Do.
Munyon guarantee*
/ BmMTriH'^^ * iat hI * Hbeumatlcm
; j(f l Spa'«!' | t'r2*^sl Cure will cure early
Xoi^a^fe^ffl^iiX all cases 'of rhfuma-
Mj>y 1 tlsm In a few hours;
By "Wjgh tbat bis Dyspepsia Cur*
T^ 4 wiftsa Trill cure Indigestion and
%S> (onMni^Pßy all stomach trouble;
XT tJSflff that h!» Kidn?.v Cure
A *& ff l: "«sr will cure 00 per cent.
V /-inA-Hf •* a " caSPS ot kidney
\ C~~SaS ' trouble; that his Ca-
JW"~ **<s?%^' tarrh Cure will cure
-jgL^^mj*lßi!*±. catarrh no matter how
#|BsHfc*ri\J3aß2fek OD * standing: that bis
Headache Cur^ will curs
TitA - g^ * n^ kind of headache la
j'. I If' . a few minutes; that
' hl« Cold Care will
quickly break up any
Inn of cold and bo on through the entire Hit of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
If you need medical adTlce write Prof. Munyon,
1505 Arch st.. I'bUa. It is absolutely free.
ALL AILMENTS OF HEN CUREOT
DR. METERS A CO. have tn» largest prmo-
! tice and best . equipped medical Institution
len the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
1 PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at offlca
or by mall. All letters confidential.
j 731 Market St., San Francisco.
d visit OR JORDAN'S great, i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY f
2 ' C& US UASSSI ST. let- 6&&7U1, ST. C:l. i '
<CjF The Larifeit Anatomical Museum in the \ ■
i I t i^ - fc>~ W'ortd. Weakneises or any conrracted / I
W ng3] disease pe«l<i»rl .reJ;; the olcieit T
9 IgSI Specialist c n the Cow. til. 3^ycai- 0
JSCI 0R - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A Isca&m T Consultation frte and strictly private \
V I A#^l R Trt l!mtlU personally or by letter. A A
\I If nil "*•'•*" Cure in every case undertaken. f
Aril ll# w rite for Book. PHILOSOPHY «r 4
V■ 'I 1^ M*»niAGK, MAILED FREE, AT
X <j valuable bock for mm) n
7 OR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
H '^isaV' "^^^ "^i^^^B^^"^^^'''^!^. *^fc^ '^^*^^^^'^^B^<ft
i^^^ RUPTURE.
B&\] /^^Sl-'SE NO MOKE hoy
«^^g^ s^g^lloop 3 or Steel Sprhgs.
l|l- s 'stSjsJ§gß'S>=^^ Rupture retained with>a»<»
H-***J l *SrS?<. and comfort and thousands -ad!-
-■ JmL~ cally CURED by DR. PIEKJK
ml /Ml* Magnetic Klastlc Truss. CTCtll at
\L<<y office or write for New Panphlet
.; NO. 1. |
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CC.
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Fraiclsco.
lA/. T. HESS,!
NOTARY PDiJLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckts Bid*
Telephone Brown 331. |.
Residence. $21 California st., below Powell-
San Francisco. ...AMERICANS CAPTURE TARLAC,
BUT FAIL TO GET AGUINALDO
Enter the Filipino Capital Without a Conflict,
Only to Find That the Dictator and His
Army Have Made Their Escape.
AA ANILA. Nov. 13 (8:25 A. M. ..—Colonel Bell's regiment and a srrjall
force of cavalry entered Tarlac last night without opposition.
Whither AguiQaldo witt) his army and the so-cailed government have
fled is a mystery.
When Colonel Bell left Capas. ■■--- miles from Tarlac, he Intended merely to reeonnoiter. He had -with him the Thirty-
Eixth Infantry. Slaven's Scouts. Troop E. Fourth Cavalry, a battalion of the Twenty-second Regiment an.l Gatling puns.
The scouts, mounted, preceded the main body up the railroad. They met a. hundred rebels at Murcla. but the Insurgents
quickly retreated. The scouts found the depot burning, but extinguished the 111 and saved the building.
Th? main column marched upon the wagon road, but before reaching Tarlac divided, entering the town on two sides
at 3 o'clock, -without a shot being fired- Th« insurgents had evacuated the place only a few hours before, Betting fire to
the railway station and rolling stock. They left a rear euard of -■ men, who. however, failed to make a stand and cover
the retreat of the main force of insurgents, as they had probably been ordered to do.
The rebel ordnance is reported to have been shipped to the town of ODor:
The Americans are continuing their advance so rapidly that the insurgents have not the time necessary to destroy
the railroad.
General Mar Arthur book Bamban yesterday. This Is supposed to be the strongest position held by the Filipinos, except
Tarlac- The brief accounts of the engagement received indicate that the rebels fought according to their recent tactics, re
treating after f.rinsr a few volleys. One officer of the Thirty-sixth Regiment was the only American reported killed. Gen
eral Mac Arthur began his advance at daylight: Colonel Smith with the Seventeenth Regiment on the right. Major Bell's
command ar.d the Thirty-sixth on the left, and the Ninth in the center. Colonel Smith encountered a small force at 6
o'clock, easily dispersing the rebels.
enf Ung Bre tron rifles and Hotchk'.ss
_ . . | - ..... retreated 1 the mountains
: oel £ eyond. General Lawton's
-
. his cavalry sad Infantry, is itUl ; :;V.-.g ah»i : through the fearful mod, but h'.s exact where
i
PATRICK HUGHES'
BODY IS FOUND
Sole Victim of the Pow-
der Mill Explosion.
SpeC.ii Dispatch Is The C*lL
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 12.— The body cf
Patrick Hughe*, who was killed in the- ex
plosion at the gazing mill of the powder
works this morning, was found at day
light :n a clump of bushes. Death was
caused by the concussion. One arm was
broken and the face bruised. Hughes was
» years cf age and leaves a widow and
zz-~r grown children.
The mill iras blown to pieces, portions
cf the machinery being found half a mile
away. Nothing was left to tell where the
building stood, except a hole twenty feet
deep and a few pieces of broken machin
ery. The- fer.ee r.ear the mill was blown
C:'J feet, and trees two feet in diameter
were blown down. Colonel Peyton's resi
dence, which stands high on a hill a mile
cway. had many windows , broken.
Kughe-s bad been employed at the mill
for twenty years ar.d was among the
rr. :>s: reliable employes. No cau*e for the
accident can be ascertained. It is pre
sumed that the shafting broke, causing a
sj ark ar.d igniting the powder.
The mm will be rebuilt. There were ».OCO
pounds Of powder exploded, including
:;..:••■ rounds of blasting ar.d 5») of fuse
r Dwier.
DOG-POISONER BUSY
IN MARIN COUNTY
Tiburon, Tomales and Finally San
Rafael Sportsmen Organize to
Discover the Culprit.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 12.— The dog pol-
Eoner is abroad in the land and the cvi- j
dences cf his deadly work are to be found ;
In all parts of the city. Several valuable !
hunting dogs have died, and others « ere
saved only by prompt action. Coming,
a? this epidemic of poisoning does, so
soon after a number of valuable dogs
were killed at Tiburon and Tomales. the
fueling is very bitter, and a number of
■well-known local sportsmen have entered
Into ar. agreement, in case the identity of
the offender can be discovered, to give
him short shrift:
One of ;he most valuable dogs poisoned.
that could not be saved, was a setter
owned by Frank Treauor. It was hirhly
pr:7r i by its possessor ar.d could not have
been purchased for $19 Last night
George Gu'dag^r. a brakeman in the em
ploy of the North Pacific Coast Railway
Company; came home from work and
found h:s dog. a valuable setter, lying en
the front doorstep, and by its side a piece
• f rr.eat coated with arsenic The saxa
cious ar.imai had been trained not to <at
anything given it by anybody but ■- mem
ber of the family and had not touched
the meat.
••Suppose my little children had found
that meat." said the angry brakeman.
"and after handling it had placed th?ir
f.r.gers in their mouths, somebody would
have been a murderer. If we can find out
who is guilty of this criminal work I il
wager he gets a decoration of tar and
feathers and free transporta;ioa from
town."
Ate Prisoned Mince Pies.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. H-Two persons
are dead and a third is seriously ill in
Kansas City. Kans., from eating mince
pies apparently containing ptomaine poi
son. The pie? were eaten at c:r,r.er this
evening. George Hoffman, aged 72 years;
a carpenter, and his son-in-law. John Sal
mon, aeed 45 years, died after art hour of
agony. Mrs. Hoffman is critically ill.
.
Judge Hornbeck Dead.
CARTHAGE. Mo.. Nov. 12.— Judge John
Hornbecfc. aged 75 years, died here to
day. He had taken active part In the
Democratic S:ate and national conven-
T'.-r.s for years.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Cat^lorues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
UZ •-- CO G^sry Street Abcve Powell.
PERIODICALS. IK>OK3 AND STATIONERY.
COAL COKE AMD PIQ IROX
I f WII Sft\ & ffl **-* Battery Str-rt.
J C- niLJUiI (I UJ-. Telephone Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Eurt. }■: BLTTHE. iigr.
Cf CMITH Sil7> P^Ertrtn*. Steamboat
L - " • 2311 111- a_-s Ship Work a Sp-claJty. is
and 3S TVa?h!sgt--n st. T-»!»p!>-,a» Mala -a:.
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS.
!i C RfIYF^J & Cft SWPPJn* Botchers. 104
Jhb- DUIL3ttVV, Cisy. T»L Main OH .
FURS.
I V IfiFSTiD * Xca ~ y *• "«*'•* L -«'-
I. il. LVt Jliilf, t*.}*%, owes* ~-.t«. nmodtgagj
IRDN FOLNDERS.
\ESTERNFOI.\DBY. £ ££&
c Castings of Every Inscription '-i.it to
O.!»r. Tel, Bl2Ck IMS.
PAPER DEALERS.
Till I 4UCTTF P^-' LP ASO PAPER CO..
PRI.VTINa
EC ffTjBES. B is.^S. y .
STATIONER AND PRI.NTE3.
'^'ggff'- 0 PABTfiIDQE : v:^
in ASH STEASI CQkL.?£rLJZ
■DIAMCxd COAL MIXING CO.. at Sts GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. i» the Bert Coal la Urn |
Ctrke*. Of£c« auwJ Tanis— CO Mais street. ]
TEONG'S MURDER
IS TO BE AVENGED
Cause of Assault on Lee
Ah Ling.
S;>eei&: :-=:<■ to The Call.
POINT SAN* PEDRO, Nor. 12.5-When I
the news reached here to-day that L** :
Ah Lir.g had t-een attacked by highblnd
era la a led grins -house, a * x - e corner of ;
Rcss aliey and Washington street, San .
Francisco, the excitement among the 5.0
Chinese at the fishing camp was inter.se.
The attempted murder of Ling is regarded
here as the beginning of a carnival of
bloodshed^ ar.d now that the first blow
has been struck it is likely that the war
.... be carried on here as well as
across the bay. Lir.g is a relative of Le-e ■
Lin Ling, the alleged assassin regarded
as responsible for the death of Lee Doo ;
Teong, whose body was found a month I
ago In the bay, near the railway wharf at
Sausallto.
At the inquest held on the remains of •;
Teong his partner. Wong Ho. testined
that he had been Ulled by being knockea ;•
into the water by the jibboom of a fishing
smack. Accordingly, the jury rendered a
verdict of accidental death. On October
2S two influential members of the N:ng >
Yung Society saw Deputy Coroner Steven
Eden at San Rafael ar.d told him thai
Teong had been killed by Lee L:n Ling
as the result of a quarrel over the merits ;
■of their reaped clans. They further
asserted that Wow Ho. the chief witness,
had gone to San Francisco '•" addressed
a specially called meetir.e of the Ning '
Tongs; telling them of the murder and
begging for vengeance. The informants !
wished' to see District Attorney Mclsaac \
immediately and have Ling arrested, they j
e-rJdentiy believing that such a policy •
would prevent bioodsced. Mclsaac was ;
out of town and the Chinese returned •
home, declaring that deiay meant blood- \
shed. The attempted assassination of Lee I
Ah Ling, a relative of the alleged mur
derer. proves ccncluriveiy that the war
is on for no other reason than the death
of Lee Doo Teong.
A general feeling cf unrest prevails here
and the See Yup and Sam xnp factions |
are both armed to the* teeth in anticipa- j
tion of trouble. Two compatriots of Ling |
went to San Rafael last night, evidently !
fearing an attack on their lives, and have =
not yet returned.
REWARD OFFERED BY
RELATIVES OF LING
A large meeting of the members of the
family to which Ling belongs was held in
Chinatown in this city last night. Rela
tives and representatives were present
from San Pedro and deliberations con
tinued for several hours. The local Chi- |
nese take much stock in the cau.se of the j
trouble as related In the San Pedro dis- ]
patch and anticipate further difficulties.
After the meeting had adjourned it was i
announced that the family wa.* much in- ;
terested in the apprehension of the hat- ;
chet wielder and would give a reward of*
J3«"' to the person who would land the of- j
fender in the hands of justice. The re
ward offered is regarded as a simple fig- •
urehead by the local police, who believe
that the agitated reiativr-s will take jus- j
tice In their own hands and wreak their j
own vengeance.
CROWNINSHIELD HAS
MODIFIED HIS REPORT
Eliminates All Minimization of the
Victory of Admiral Dewey
ill Manila Bay.
WASHINGTON, Nov. T2.— The criti
cism of his action in minimizing the vic
tory of Admiral Dewey at Manila in his
ar.r.uai report has caused Rear Admiral
Crowr.lr.shleld, Chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, to make some changes, and
when h!s report is issued the objection*]
features will be found to have been so
altered 'hat its stir.g is «one.
Crowclnshleld has been charged by
friends cf Rear Admiral Schley witc be
ir.gr so partisan to Rear Admiral Samp
son that he has gone out of hi 9 way to
belittle «■•-■■•■ in order to
exalt his hero in the Santiago campaign.
In any event, the report carefully
omitted any mention of reward Cot
Schiey.
"Every tffort of the department to re
deem this solemn pi«dj?e." he stated in
the original proof of his report, "has
been ball Of the cfticers who served
in the North Atlantic waters, three have
been confirmed in the recognition ureed
by the department; two because their
cases -were presented at propitious
moments, the other btcar.se cf a mis
apprehension. The rest. numbering
among them every gaHar.t captain at
Santiasro en Ju'.y 3. and all the brave
captains of the ever-ready -"••jnboats
numbering among them officers who
risked their lives in many desp-rnte ex
peditfons; such as cable cutting, spy
ing, seeking information, blocking and
blockading harbors and scoutine — num
bering Among them all those who hesi
tated not. and including at the head of
all the able and determined officer who
planned, woiked out and executed the
whole campaign, and ■ who finally con
summated the one victory which was vita*
to the enemy, he and all the rest hare
absolutely nothing. The greatest among
these has not so much as the medai
which tras given to each of the hundreds i
who shared in the victory won in a more I
propitious hour."
The alteration will. frirr.ds of Rear
... Crowninshieid believe, be satis- j
factory to Admiral Dewey and present;
any further criticism of the bureau's an
nual report.
Canard on Saviosa.
SAN RAFAEL.. Nov. 12.— Mario Laviosa,
the son of Merchant L. Lavlosa. who was
"written up" as missing, has been on the
streets every day for weeks. He was In
town yesterday evening and again to-day,
and says he would be amused at the tale
had i: not been for the annoyances and
trouble caused his family by the publica
tion and the Insinuation that be had run
away from home.
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1899.
NAVAL RESERVE
FOR THE NATION
Suggestion of Assistant
Secretary Allen.
.'---•-■ The Call.
"WASHINGTON". Nov. 12.— The leading
feature of the annual report of Assistant
Secretary Alien to Secretary Long, rela
tive to the naval militia, is his strong in
dorsement of the plan for the organiza
tion of a national naval reserve. He
points out that the experience of the past
year has suggested Certain changes to the
original plan for this organization as con
tained in the bill submitted to the last
session of Congress and he therefore
urges that it be again pushed, with the
amendments prepared by Lieutenant Com
mander W. H. Southerland. who was, for
a part, of the year, in direct charge of
the naval militia bureau of the Navy De
partment. In substance that (Beer says
that as the rversor.ne! act has made tne
term of service of enlisted men in the
navy four years, the same periods should
be Uxed for the enrollment in the naval
reserve, and the reserve officer should
be promoted in war time with the regular
officer with whom he holds the same date
of commission. It is also recommended
that steps be taken for the organization
of a permanent Ist signal system from
the retired list of the navy and the em
ployes of the lighthouse and saving ser
vice. There are several thousand of these
men, and with a small appropriation and
an annual drill tor a few days each year
they would be competent, the report says,
to take up their tries immediately upon
the outbreak of war. With a retired
naval crScer in charge of each lighthouse
district, and an officer in charge at the
Navy Department and the necessary
paraphernalia at the nearest navy-yard
ready for use. this necessary adjunct of
war could be put In working order In
twenty-four hours
During the past year the Legislature of
Maine passed an act for the establish
ment of a naval militia, as did the State
of Minnesota.- The department undertook
to afford the naval militia of the country
an opportunity to drill at sea under ser
vice conditions, and the offer was oc
cepted by the Governors of all but one of
the States having militia organizations.
The report states in detail the result of
the cruises in each case, setting out the
reports of the naval Beers who acted as
inspectors and noting their criticisms
without reserve.
CASHIER WORTH
ESCAPES CONVICTION
Charged With Complicity in the
Creek Warrant Steal of 593.000,
but Jury Disagreed.
MUSKOGEE. I. T.. Nov. The Jury
in the Creek warrant case, in which C. |
H. Worth, former cashier of the First j
National Bank ■••-'- defend- '.
ant. reported a disagreement this after- '
noon and was discharged. Eight iron j
! voted for conviction and four -for acquit-'
tal. A new trial will be had in the next j
term of court.
The Creek warrant cases are famous !
and already ex-Treasurer B. Chiidress. I
James Egan and T. E. Smiley have been j
sent to the penitentiary tor their connec- j
tlon therewith. The cases involved a steal
of $33.'»0 committed against the Creek Na- S
tion in 1>97. and have been prosecuted by j
Special Representative J. W. Surley of j
Washington. D. C, and District Attorney
Sopher. The defense, in each ca?; has
had a formidable array of legal talent.
The case against Worth has been in
progress for the past ten days and has
attracted hundreds of spectators. Worth
wa.* very prominent and highly connected
and up to the time of his Indictment was
cashier of the First National Bank. He 5
is a brother- of Chief Justice Gautt !
of Missouri. His case was argued by his i
attorneys yesterday with great eloquence
and went to the Jury late in the day.
FATALLY WOUNDED BY
AN "UNLOADED" RIFLE
Fourt«en-Year-Old Eva McCoy of Mo-
Accidentally Sheets
Her Mother.
MODESTO. Nov. 15.— Eva McCoy, the
14-yeax-o'.d daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Coy, accidentally shot her mother at her
home in this city this evening. The chil
dren were playing with a 22-caliber par
lor riSe and Eva asked one of her broth
ers if it was loaded, and upon being told
it was not she pointed the weapon at her
mother, who wa= sitting in a chair hold
ing the baby, and pulled th,«» trigger.
The bail entered the head behind the
left ear and lodged in the brain. Two
physicians were summoned but the bullet
could not be located, and it is believed
the wound is fatal. The family recently
moved here from Sonora.
SERVICES IN MEMORY
OF WILLIAM A. SNOW
Tribute to the Deceased San Francisco
Reporter at His Home in
Kansas.
LAWRENCE. Kan., Nov. li—lmpres
sive memorial services were held here to
day for Wilham A Snow, son of Chancel
lor Snow of the Kansas State University.
the San Francisco reporter who lost his
life by falling into the ocean from a tug
boat that went out to meet the transport
Tartar, which brought home the Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment last month. Gen
eral Fufjston attended the service*.
• _■..: .
Died on a Train.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 12.— G. A. Gysen
of lone. Amador County, died on the train
to-day while en route to this city to un
dergo an operation for appendicitis. He
bad been suffering for several days and it
was finally decided that his life "could be
saved only by an operation, but it proved
too late. Mr. Gysen's wife and two chil
dren were with him on the train when he
died. '„'--«. ,%.».-,. ■  . i
JENNIE COLEMAN
ENDS HER LIFE
Reputed Wife of Lucky
Baldwin.
FAMOUS CALIFORNIA BEAUTY
♦
LATELY EMPLOYED IN A NEW
YOEK BESTAURANT.
♦
Has Been Despondent for Some
Time and Finally Takes a
Dose of Carbolic
Acid- t _•
Special Dispatch »0 The Call.
i NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— While despond- '
i ent and intoxicated early to-day, a wo- j
man about 30 years old. known in the i
upper part of the city for several years
as Jennie Coleman. who said she was the j
wife of "Lucky" Baldwin, committed sui- j
cide in her rooms, at No. 2303 Eighth aye- j
cue, by swallowing carbolic acid. She )
still retained much of the beauty and fas- j
cinatlon for which it was said she ■ -.3 at
one time famous in the far West, where !
she lived for some years.
She died without recovering conscious- j
ness. an hour after she was taken in an j
ambulance to the J. Hood Wright Me- •.
morial Hospital. The body was taken in j
charge of later In the day by ail under
taker employed by Peter Klingel, res
taurant keeper, by whom she was from
time to time employed as cashier, a-. No.
2303 Eighth avenue.
She captivated many prominent men of i
the We=t where she was box and lived ■
the earlier part cf her life. Born of par
ents in moderate circumstances, now liv
ing on a ranch near Los Angeles. Cali
fornia, her rise in Western states was ;
rapid Men prominent in politics and ]
finance it is averred, knew her well, and }
by lavish attention and presents helped
to make her famous. She came .-., -. five
years ago and first made her appearance
in the upper part of the city.
she was well dressea and always
seemed to have pl« ■ of money. tone
was often seen about the large hotels
at Long Branch. Manhattan I ... and
otner resort 5 near this city. . .
To her intimates, she said she was
drawing a large sum monthly as alimony
irorn Lucky Baldwin, to whom she said
=he had been man several years be
fore she came to this city. , .
=he became despondent during the last
few months ana freqently referred to the
srood times of days gone by. . j
s s he went out after the restaurant closed
on Saturday night and. returned shortly
after I o'clock yesterday morning intoxi-
CS Goins direct to the kitchen, she drank
carbolic acid. Klingel ran into the room
and found her unconscious. He called an
ambulance. Dr. Campbell, who respond
ed hurried her to the J. Hood Writ
3ipmori'af Hospital, where she soon after
ward expired. Klingel told the surgeon.
*hat the woman was at one time one of j
the most 'beautiful women in California
and had" been the wife of Lucky Baldwin,
millionaire and sportsman.
===== ' .
EASTERN BANK HOLDINGS
BELOW THE LIMIT
Apparent Stringency Due to the Fact
That Returns From the West
on Crops Are Late.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Treasury of
fic:as« expect that within a short time the
money drawn from the financial institu
tions of the East for the movement of
crop* and other purposes . ■. the West ■*:..
begin to find its way to New York, and
that the apparent stringency in money
will be accordingly relaxed. This return.
which this year, they say. appears to be
seine-treat later ttum usual, will be
brought about by the payment <:: the
debts contracted d>- bus;: men in the
\\ e=t whose notes either already nave
matured or are closely approaching ma
turtty Meantime the authorities here de
c'are that no exigency exists for any re
lief measures on the part of the Govern
ment, and" pending an exigency no action
in that direction is contemplated. A lead-
Ing official of the Treasury Department,
speaking of the matter to-night, said:
"In our opinion, as soon as the great
amount of money which has been used
In the West begins to return to the banks
in the East money will be easier and mat
ter* will resume their normal condition.
The outlays of the Government are about
equal to ltfl receipts, which shows thai
the department Is not hoarding any great
amount of money. Since the beginning
of the fiscal year the receipts have ex
ceeded the expenditure by about J6.C'».O>3.
while during the month of November the
expenditures have exeeded the receipts by
between J3.OXr.OW and $4,C»y>,i'X'. The fact
that the holdings of the New York banks
are - ... below the gal requirement
is not a matter of special signiScar.ee. If
they were that atnount In excess of re
quirements the difference would be only
J5 000 <>'•> not a great amount when their
total leeal holdings are approximately
$180,000,000. So you see that the question
is one more of* sentirner.t than anything
eise. Their holdings might be yet reduced
and no harm result, as the matter of hold
ings is one which is fixed by the Comp
troller of the Currency. Had this deficit
appeared before the great demand from
the West for funds took place, then the
question Is one which might have caused
some concern, but all they want if now
applied and the natural result must b»
that this money will soon find its way to
the centers whence it was taken."
— ♦ —
TO PROTECT GAME.
Jackson Wants National Park Boun
daries Extended.
TACOMA, Not. WHttam Jack
manager of the Yellowstone Xatioaal
Park Transportation Company is here se
curing support 'or a bfll which Senator
Carter of Montana will introduce In Con
gress with the object of extending (be
park boundaries arc securing funds j to
build new roads. It Is proposed to take in
1914 square miles on the east and south
side of the park In Wyoming. 30 square
miles at the southwest corner in Idaho
and 28) miles a: the northwest corner In
Montana. These areas comprise the lim
its wber«ln the large game of th« park
winters chiefly.
The State game laws do not protect the
game and it Is claimed the animals will
be killed oft unless these winter feeding
grounds are placed under the park super
vision. It Is claimed that with the present
roads visitors can spend only three or four
days in the park to advantage and that
some of the park's most wonderful scenic
attractions are not accessible. To reach
these with good roads an Increased appro
priation is wanted.
LIVELY STREET FIGHT
Boys Attack Negroes and Policeman
Wounds a Woman.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. H— Twenty boys,
known as the Twelfth-street gang, start
ed in last night to thrash every negro
who came along East Twelfth street.
The trouble began when a colored
woman, with whom the boys had quar
reled, cut one of the boys in the wrist
with a razor. An>Jiours j fight In the
open street ensued, bricks and clubs being
used with effect.
An officer chased one of the boys. Frank
Dimmitt (white), down the street, firing
as he ran. One bullet struck Dimmitt in
the leg and another, glancing, struck
Mrs. O. H. Nelson, a boarder at the
Arao Hotel, in the head. Neither was
seriously hurt.
FOUND IN SPOKANE.
Leon Cervantes, Wanted in Danville,
Now Under Arrest.
SPOKANE. >■'••'•• 12.— After successfully
e'uding the entire police force of the Pa
cific Coast for over two years Leon J.
Cervantes of Danville, CaL, km captured
here this evening. He Is passing under
the name of B. D. Rogers, and Is wanted
at San Luis Obispo for alleged assault.
He has been working as a blacksmith
In a country town near here. Recently a
letter written by him to his brother-in
law at San Luis Obispo fell Into the hands
of the authorities there and this clew led
to to-day's capture.
TWO DESPERATE ROBBERS
SHOOT A SALOONKEEPER
John.Thomas Will Probably Die for Trying
to Save His Till,
The Murderers Escape— Railroad Yards of West
Oakland Patrolled by Police — Six
Arrests Made,
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— Two desperate
ff Yj robbers, heavily armed and fully
fi masked, broke into the saloon of
\^_^ Baptiste & Thomas, at the corner
of Pacific and Campbell streets,
last night at 11 o'clock. John Thomas.
the Junior member of the firm, refusing
to comply with the order "Hands up."
and showing fight by reaching behind the
bar for his revolver, was shot through
the brain. Another bullet from the pistol
of one oj the murderers entered his left
arm near the shoulder, while a third em
bedded Itself In the walL Thomas will
probably die.
The neighborhood where the saloon of
the luckless victim is situated, though
near the railroad yards In West Oakland,
is quite thickly settled. It is, however,
poorly lighted.
The only other person In the saloon at
the time the robbers entered was Frank
Perry, a young man employed at the Cal
ifornia Door and Sash "Works, an 1 re
siding at 1775 Ninth street. According to
Perry. Thomas wag lust corning around
from" the back of the bar. and Perry was
about to leave the saloon, when the rob
bers entered.
Perry says that Thomas made an effort
- revolver and that both robbers
Rt the sajr.e t:me. He states that
lid - till, cor did I
to 84 irch him, but when the; -
Thomas I - fled.
The noise I the shooting q
. • ■ neighborhood, and Thomas
--ornery, a next-door "neighbor, and
THEY CATCH FISH.
Dogs of Labrador Trained to Help
Their Masters Make a Living.
Dogs that are trained to .catch fish are
among the ordinary features of every
day .... barren shores of that dis
tant portion of Labrador that belongs to
Newfoundland. The valuable cod fisheries
along the 1100 miles cf Labrador's coast
yield about a fifth of Newfoundland's to
tal catch of cod and furnish employment
annually to thousands of hardy fisher
foik. They fish with lines that are 15>j to
200 fathoms long, two men to a boat, and
each man uses two hand lines. The usual
bait is capflin. When fish are at all plen
tiful it takes these two men but a very
short time to fill a boat with cod.
A number of them have trained their
dogs to assist in catching fish. The
rapidity with which the fishermen haul
up their iong lines when the; feel a fish
robs the latter almost entirely cf life by
the time it reaches the surface of the sea.
It comes to the top as completely ex
hausted as a salmon that has been played
by an angler until he car. "trail"* it with
his hand and so avoid the necessity of
gaffing it. It is one thing, however, to
bring a heavy cod to the surface of the
water and another to get him into the
beat.
Gaffs and landing nets are unknown to
these toilers of the sea. If they can lift
the fish into the boat by the line all is
well. But this is often where they fail.
If the fish Is large and but lightly hooked,
as is very often the case, the hook breaks
HI You had better get that r^^. pM
|| overcoat • pretty soon—looks iBL W
II as if the rainy season was H
ZM upon us
|| In a new overcoat you look dss¥&\ fe
H about conscious of the fact m \ I 1 m
■ that ycur appearance is to /If I
■ your complete satisfaction. yf S I
|| "Yeargood" overcoats cost \r j _3 I S§
•0 ing to the materials, of which f!i p^ Wi
jl there is a complete assort- ■ . id Wt
M We keep ail "Yeargood" I ! J M
i| overcoats in repair free for one \B:H m
B year — we do this to protect If
pi M JWfe k a B'ue is the most fashionable I<M
fft m a f&~? - ,■ co. or to-day for a Business suit — i|>j
'. j jf S3 L (el it>s popularity is widespread — the
ijm fcff^\^k I - ' ue ser S e is tr *e favorite cloth — 1 1
p<-5 r> ours will retain its color through ||
I"? •'^^'^^^y*! constant wear and will be a com- %
Hi M' jy|\ F-trte source of satisfaction to you i
IrS W• /¥ 8 \ and we always return your money |
-' •: # I y |J if dissatisf.ed.
f^ // I Children's Top Coats.
*"■': /, j Made of covert materia', two
mm I I shades of tan, fly front, ages 4to
B (S^.N.WOODBCO(^) B
pi \*m£/ 7|B MARKET ST <^o^/ pi
js-.;. Out-of-town orders filled — write us for l|s
g . our new illustrated catalog ac No. 2. |||
- -- - s -- ■ -c rex ttng >ppostte, rushed
over to the sa'. ::-.. They carried Thomas
; to his b me, HI Campbell street, about a
block away.
Dra. Btark and Blood were somm
but they gave no hope of the man living.
They probed, 1 ir Inches Into bis head
for the bullet, but were not able
oat? :;.
Montgomery states that it was fully
! twenty minutes before a policeman ap-
I peared upon the scene. He says also that
I in the motley throng that gathered about
! the shooting there was a colored mar. who
i stated that -• saw the murderers run
ning from the saloon Into the railroad
j yards, and that one wore a white duster.
', As scan is the police were notified a
i number of officers were detail* to hunt
the criminals. After midnight Officer
i Murray arrested a young man named Kd
i Scott, whom he says he found running
along under the cars in the railroad jard.
Young Scott refused to make any state
j men: except that he was looking' for a
: place to sleep. He was taker, to the City
I Prison.
I Thomas is s. married man, a native of
Portugal, aged about 30 years. He is
■well-thought of in the community. After
I 1 o'clock he was removed to me Receiving
( Hospital. The police have arrested fi%*e
I other suspects.
I Officer Henniberry watched the crowd
jas they got off the last boat, on th« San
| Francisco side, but failed to Identify
j either of the murderers among the pas
( sect
i
away from Its mouth •when the attempt {
is made to haui the cod from the water, i
The fish, still quite inanimate in manner 1
and appearance floats away from ike \
boat on the surface of the water. This is . ;
only for a moment, however. The fisher's !
trained dog. often without even awaiting j
a signal from his master, leaps over the <
gunwale of the boat, plunges into the j
sea. swims after the floating fish and j
seizes it in its mouth. Returning con- ]
seiousness, hastened by the new sensation I
of being- taken entirely from the water j
and firmly gripped between the jaws of \
its captor, and joined to the instinct of |
self-preservation, often produces lively j
struggles on the part of the Ssh. which »
add considerably to the difficulty of the I
dog in swimming back with its burden to '
the boat- It rarely, however, releases its ;
holfi upon its struggling captive until safe
within the boat, into which ft Is assisted
by its master.
Sometimes these dogs have larger same
than codfish to struggle with in the wa
ter. They are trained to plunge into the ;
ice-cold f.ood in the --■--■ year
and to act as retrievers for"their masters
when seals are shot from the shore on ;
the surface of the sea.
Wishitt— l have been &'.'. day tr>::c to
- _•
-
Ha' ■ - r you on that, old man
Let's have it.
Hacu— go around and ask old
Seltzer for his daughter. I tried it last
night and got an outing that I will never
forget.— Richmond Dispatch.
ADVEBTISEJiIPJi'TS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
tXEBENBAUM
+ 222-224 SUTTER STREET +
: SPECIAL REDUCTIONS I
: MONDAY— TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
+ -».
+ New Goods Just Arrived—
•♦■ Numbergw Honeycake (Lebkuchen) ■♦■
♦• Bismarck Herring ■*■
X Crab Butter Krebs Butter) ♦
C!2v.fisht2i!s :Krebsch-.v2enz<%) *
4. tier's Marm2lades and Jams +
■♦■ Russ an Coffee Machines. a:l $;es
♦; Stuffed Prunes. California +
+. Fruit Glace i n cartons, California
•♦- Acre Butter Z
♦; Mince Meat ♦
X Bon Bom ♦
■♦- Dinner Favors -4.
•♦• G eshubler Mineral Water, Carisbad ♦
T X ssinger Water *
•♦- Londonderry LJthia -♦■
■♦■ " -♦■
t Carrants. Vostizza 10c Ib ♦
♦■ Thoroughly cleaned; this season*. "♦"
•♦- Beg 15c. -♦•
♦ Raisins, fanciest tabl3 2 lbs 25c X
+. Small lot; last Mason's; la excellent +
jT. condition. Bold at Ke. _^_
i + Sw^-t Apple C der 40c gal. *
; ■*" De Lens's; the best. R*y. !■!<. "*"
* Artichoke Hauls, Dunbar's 35c tint
"*" Most delicate vegetable of the
tropics: rea^j- to be Kited as sa'ad T"
| "♦" cr otherwise. Reg-. 43c "•"
! ♦ Prunes, California 4 lbs 25c ♦
[ T" This season's; grown in Santa Clara "*"
I + Valley. Res. 10c Ib. +
ht Cof'ee. Kona 20c Ib ♦
! •♦■ From Sandwich Islands; roasted cr •♦
+. ground Jresh daily on our prenilsea. -».
+ Beg re. T
> Glycerine Soap Ml bar 10c >
i^ ■La Pbi i -■--•"; imported. "♦"
!♦■ B'illiantine. Violet Paris 25c ♦
I Makes the beard or hair soft and "T
brilliant. Re?. s>o.
X Hamamslis. extract Witch Hazel *
•♦■ )4 Pt. DC qt- *
+ Only 15c 25c 4Oc
♦ Pop Corn . 5 lbs 25c ♦
I Tender. Reg. 4 lbs, 15c +.
♦• Corn Popper 10c each X
X Single. Re» Be -♦■
«- French Knrr-s ♦
♦■ Tnumiet brand; genuine Sabatier.
+ 14 In. 3 4 5 T
■♦- Reg. 15c 15c 15c *?c
>. Now 10c 100 lOe 15c -*
-♦- 6 in. T : i 15 -*.
t Reg. Be Sc Me *": Xc +
T, Now 2Oc 25c 30c 35c 40c
t Caning Sets, 2 pieces 5i, 65 «
i ■♦- Made by Schef field. Ensr!ar:d; stag ■*■
i ■♦- handles; nlcke! gi'Ter Cermlei Reg-. ■*■
| ■♦- K. ♦
X Caning Sets, 5 pieces S2 00 $
•♦- Made by Landers. Frary -■. Clark: "♦"
•♦- stair handles; nickel .-'."•■
■♦■ Ref. iZ M. ■*■
♦ Rock and Rye 85c bottle *
"*" Eastern ----:-.?: German .--,: X
■♦" -.•c.-.-.y and ;■-.-» rye whisky; Jtrst the T
■♦- tains- for la srippe and colds. Re?, n. ▼
t Brandy bottle 60c, gal 52.50 X
+. ••California" r T -re grajie: rieht kind ■♦•
for 'mlnmiman " Reg. Tic bot.: -«.
t «•■ X
\ X HIRiRS -EL AMOR dear Havana- T^
X — +
•♦- Coactry orders siren cose attention. "*"
•♦- "We prepay freight VitMl 1M miles. -♦•
■♦- •♦
Q4 ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ '-♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦» 4.^
Eastman Kodaks
REDUCED 33^ PER CENT.
—
Xo. « Btill's Ere, r-ralar «»8 new Ss^s
No. 4 Bulfs Eye. r*ru'*r JU 00 now BSjOQ
No. 4 Cartridge Kodak, res. E5....n0w $16.65
No. : F. P. Kodak, reg-jlar tZS new $10.00
No. IF. P. Kodak reraiar :.■ now $6.65
ALL OTHERS IN PROPORTION.
642 Market st. i*strum£Mts
1 1 Transcontinental tourists and trar-
elerm from all over the United Siaxet
* chow their appr«cl«.Uoa of tie exsai- *
e!er» iroia »ii over the Gattad svaia
it.w their appreoaUoa at \z.t ti:---
-* ;eocc Of '.-» '
I PALACE into ♦
t GRAND !
1 by making these hotels their headgear- ji
i ters while In San Francisco. Foarteea ♦
i . hundred rooms. 9«X> with bathi — largest n
i i and finest In the worid. ■
I JOHN C KIRKPATRICK. ilanajrer. *
/^^\ Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/^^^g^«-*J^ i::^ GEART ST.. bet
Kg^ 1 *^^^^^^^^ Painless Eitraction
J|l *^ W C^^~wns ?** OO
; I 1 Flesh-cclo'red' "plate s
Costlnnoas Gam Plates (co bad Joints) our
sp«ciaJty. Hare received TEN first priies for
this branch of dentistry. <No; atu dents. 14
years' eiperience.
a^VITAUS
"SV^JjfW^ THE NEW
m^t ta^^i»> 4,©w CDC m nil
irtr its* d*j. • 3- -^fc ?t men w (In
mM«^r tsid REMEDY..
Hl.-ILT*. :: :ji.T»:j < n.ti; rtamn Xerriiiasai. Lr«»*j. ZrS
Preuei,VuS£( D-'-u-i t all •; »— » it s<i:;-ii-^ «r ex«s«s A
l^mniioM. F.*i*.:.-»» Lost Tsulitr, Power A Fi.l:- X- = --7-
w»idjcff InsULtriTid Cjßtraayaan. Cures when ».. ochen f til.
bsist «B )utvb( TITAUS to other. C»o b« eam«J la »■«*
S pocket. Bts3i:l $1.00 c-r pKkinirßi tor I&.OO • .- a
l.i-.: Car* *r FUfn< !»• Se»»». .- -_.i_- f:?* Addrrss
tALIMKT IRE CO., »»4 llearbora St.. ( hic*co
Soil hi Sao fnccseo it) Ousted !qr tae Owl I>ns{ Co.
f DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS;
,<>aJ^Ab,g Big (111 t nea-prtsrttvT^
jV^taW'lJaslJ re=-dy fcr Gonorrha*.
'-t'EE.-^Hj '.• -■•- sp»rra»torrhce»,
Jj^^t/in Ito i «»7i.^3 White*, nncitcri.l !:».
BfWf Gz*nz.i?*i q "!"-irg*«. or &=r .■_?-. —— »-
G>«| s:i to acieKce. lion, irritation or c_ir-ra-
f |?.Ttt» cB-j^ion. t;cn of ma com u.rr>
&7«%^-EiH«Cr •"'-«' Ca :ri=^*- Nee-**trificent.
: .": s««r :Bl Sold b ? »r«Ss^t*.
C~ i. *SSJ ■•* ient ' a P'* ; a wra?;«r.
" r -itr«i. pr?p».i. rj«
-^pyv^yjjjjy.v^H j,l.OCi. cr I bcttia*. U. 75.
K^PAT E N TSlf)
MARKET bT. Sf .
Weak Men and Women
j S : . -•- USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
j *^ great Mexican remedy; gives health asS
. ■traaata to sexual t— Decot. 23 >>»>■-•»
34
finite (E hAI
DAY..' . .NOVEMBER 13, 1899
. '.. JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Pro P rieto^___
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
II liLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871.
■ ■;/-.'••. • . ■
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
' : ' Term? by Mail, Including Postage:
•>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f.fl.O<l ,
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months S.OO *
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). I months ... 1.60 j
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «*3c ,
BUXDAY CALL One Year 1 -"°
WEEKLY CALL One Year... ; I'oo1 ' 00
All postmasters are authored to recelr- ■übscrtptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 08 Broadway !
•
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CAHLTON ■.'. • Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS JR....... 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Union Square;
Murray HIU Hotel. ___
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .... Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
-■•■.■■
AMUSEMENTS.
ram — Va tidevllle.
Columbia— "Why Smith Left Home."
California— "What Happened to Jones."
Tivoll— "Patience." •
Aloa-zar— "My Friend From India."
Grand Opera-house— "The Merry Monarch."
New Alhambra— "A Lady of Quality."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rvenihg.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Central Steeplechase and performances;
• .Western Turf Association, San Mateo County— Races.
'Sherman-Clay Minetti Quartet, Friday afternoon, No-
vember 17: ' v - •
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. L&yng— Tuesday, November 14. at 7:45 p. m..
Thoroughbred Yearlings, at 721 Howard street.
By S. Watkins— Tuesday, November 14. at 11 o'clock. Choice
Toune Horses, at 1517 Mission street.
By Easton, Eldrldge & Co.— Tuesday. November 14. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 633 Market street.
By J. M. Wednesday, November 15, at 11 o'clock,
High-' Harness horses, at the Alameda Trotting Park, Alu.-
-me-!a;
By Chase & Mendenhall — Thursday, November' 16, at 11
j'clnck, Trotting -bred Mares and Geldings, at corner Market
street and Van Ness avenue.
By Vqn Rheln Ji Co.— Thursday. November 16, at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at 513 California st.
TIGHT MONEY AND THE GOVERN
MENT.
T feature in Wall street is the relation
of the banks to the comparative clearness of
money, winch bids fair to continue for some
Intie time yet. The financiers say that the law
■ the banks to maintain a castiron reserve under
all circumstances, which prevents them from increas
ing their loans to meet the current expansion of
:id are agitating Congressional action in re
the currency, with the view to ease the situa
tion. It has been suggested that the Government
buy $100,000,000 in bonds, which would immediately
- the circulation to tin- amount, but the Gov
: retorts that whatever stringency exists is not
due to the .vi^e maintenance of the reserves, but to
overspecuiation on the part of the public, and that it
does not intend to pull any speculative chestnuts out
of the Wall street fire— and there the, matter rests.
There is a good deal of truth on both sides of the
controversy. Both are right to a certain extent. It
is true that the banks are hampered in their loans
by their obligation to maintain their legal reserves,
for any tyro can see that a bank without a sufficient
r< serve is a bubble liable to burst at any moment; and
it is equally plain that the circulation should be so
arranged that it can respond to the demands of trade
whenever occasion requires, else something is apt
to give way. Trade is elastic and expands and con
tracts precisely like the mercury in the thermometer,
and if it encounters a castirnn reserve in periods of
expansion it is unable to find relief where it has the
be-t right to expect it. In the present case the Gov
ernment says that the money market is being artifi
cially manipulated, and indeed it is charged that par
ties are borrowing large amount? at high rates and
then locking up the money, which they do not want
to use themselves, so that nobody else can u«e it.
By this means j.;reat sums are withdrawn from circu
lation and abnormal rates of interest are maintained.
Under these circumstances the Government refuses
to interfere.
Meanwhile trade continues to expand. Wool, cot
ton, pigiron, hides and leather, boots and shoes and
many n.inor commodities are quoted at a further ad
vance, and the end is apparently not yet. If there is
any financial suffering on this account outside of Wall
street it has not yet manifested itself. There were
rumors last week that a New York bank was in
trouble, but the clearances for the week showed a
gain of 36.8 per cent over the same week in i£oß and
the failures were only 157, against 211 last year. Of
all the important cities in the country Omaha was
the only one to exhibit a loss in clearings, but this
town has been doing this on and off for months.
Although the New York bank statement for the pre
vious wrrk showed that the averages of the clearing
banks were below the legal limit the stock
market was unruffled and money was comparatively
quiet. There was some liquidation in stocks along in
the middle of the week, but it was supposed to be for
account of those speculators who had become tired
of carrying them in the face of a high money market
and had no bearing on the general prosperity of the
country. At the close of the week, indeed, there was
a moderate rally on the covering of shorts and favor
able reports about the money market, both good
signs of inherent strength. Perhaps the ease with
which the advances in the great staples were main
by the manufacturers had something to do
with this, though there were signs that the enormous
demand for goods, which lias prevailed all over the
country for a year, was becoming satisfied, though
Still more or less behind the production. The tables
have been turned in this respect, for metals, which
for months led all advances, are weakening, while
manufactured goods, such v textile fabrics, which
lagged behind, are now distinguished by great firm
ness and activity. The gross situation, therefore
remains unchanged.
Leading financial and mercantile observers in the
East see nothing to indicate any halt in the country's
prosperity for months tv come. Barring the tight
ness of the money market all conditions point to
farther expansion in trade. Of course it must come
to a halt some time, but the end is not yet in sight.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
SOME time ago we directed attention to a state
ment made by Frank L. Ncall of Philadelphia
before the United States Industrial Commis
sion to the effect that the merchant marine of the
United States — steam and sail — of iooo tons gross
register and upward and under twenty years old, fly
ing the American flag and suitable and available for
trans- Atlantic or trans-Pacific trade, does not ex
ceed a total of 300,000 tons gross register.
The statement is so surprising that doubts have
been expressed as to its accuracy, and for the pur
pose of confirming it Mr. Neall has since issued an
elaborate compilation, giving the rig, name, gross
register, place and date of building and port of regis
try of every American steamer or sailing vessel in
cluded in the terms of his statement. From the lists
given it appears the number of United States vessels
suitable and available for oceanic traffic are: 140
steamships, with a gross register of 399,425 tons; 52
ships, aggregating 111,433 tons; 14 barks, with a total
of 18,870 tons and 88 schooners, having a register of
115,101, making a total of 644,829 tons. From that
list, however, as Mr. Neall points out, there must be
deducted as not intended and in reality unsuitable
for the trans-oceanic trade, by reason of having been
constructed for coastwise or near-by commerce, 169
vessels, having an aggregate register of 348,644 tons;
leaving as suitable and available for trans-oceanic
traffic only 125 vessels of a gross register of 296,185
tons.
Between the tonnage of our merchant marine, suit
able and available for trans-oceanic trade, and the for
eign commerce of the country, there is an impressive
contrast. Mr. Xcall says:
"Surprising as the figures given in my testimony
may have appeared, they are indeed an understate
ment of vital facts intimately associated with the con
tinued prosperity of the commercial interests of the
United States. The value of the merchandise* ex
ported by the United States to foreign countries dur
ing the year ending December 31, 1808, was, in round
numbers, $1,200,000,000; the value of our imports of
foreign merchandise during the same period was
roundly stated, $000,000,000, making the sum total of
exports and imports for twelve months upward of
$1,800,000,000, an aggregate movement of merchan
dise of the value of $150,000,000 per month."
The aggregate weight of the exports was 30,000,000
tons, while the imports for the same period approxi- j
mated 7,500.000 tons, making a total of more than
37,000,000 tons dead weight, or over 3,000,000 tons a
month. To undertake to carry on such a traffic with
such a merchant marine a« we now possess is much
the same as if a farmer should attempt to take to
market the produce of a large farm in a wheelbarrow.
What further argument is required to convince in
telligent men that the upbuilding of our merchant
marine is one of the most pressing needs of the
country?
The source of the great American thirst for beer
n traced at last. Testifying before the Mason
1] Committee on Manufactures Professor
Hart ' I New York says it is merely the craving for
the life-giving elements that are taken from the wheat
by its manufacture into white flour.
Reports circulated throughout Germany that the
end of the world is due November 15 have been so
generally believed that the director of the Berlin
( >bservatory ftas seen lit to publish an official denial.
"Hoch. der Kaiser!"
THE WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION
ACT IN GREAT BRITAIN.
A CURIOUS law point, which has just been de
cided by a Scotch court in a case arising under
the workmen's compensation act, has had the
effect of reviving interest in the act itself, and accord
ingly the public is receiving a good deal of informa
tion concerning the effects of the law, which has now
been in operation about a year..
The case under discussion is. worth noting as an
illustration of the refinements Scotch Judges can put
upon the technicalities of law. As it comes to us
the story is this: A shipbuilding firm in Glasgow
built the hull of a steam vessel and after she was
launched towed her to a public dock twenty mi'cs
away, near an engine building establishment (having
no connection with the shipbuilders), to be fitted with
engines. While the engines were being installed an
employe of the engine builders met with an accident,
in consequence of which he lost the sight of his right
eye. The question arose whether, under the new law,
the engine builders or the shipbuilders were liable for
damages. After argument and reargument before
the Scottish Court of Appeals it was decided that the
shipbuilders were liable and judgment was given
against them — the injured man being awarded
eighteen shillings a week compensation.
The Judge who gave the decision is reported to
have stated that "the injured workman had never
been directly in the employment of the shipbuilders;
they never paid him any wages and he was not em
ployed upon the vessel while she was in the ship
building yard at all. * * ' * Nevertheless, in ac
cordance with the interpretation put upon this extra
ordinary piece of legislation, I feel myself shut up
to the conclusion that it is the shipbuilders and not
the. engineers who must compensate the man."
An act which compels Judges to such decisions as
that may well be characterized as "an extraordinary
piece of legislation," and it is not surprisng to learn
that in many other respects it has perplexing results.
Some of its effects have been undoubtedly good.
Since they are now responsible for all injuries to
their workingmen the employers of Great Britain
have been more careful in the selection of employes
and more cautious about permitting them to take
risks. That policy, however, has been injurious to
many workingmen, for it is noted that there has been
something like a wholesale discharge from work
shops of men who either by reason of age. deafness,
near sightedness or some defect of body are more
liable to accidents than the average workingman.
The conclusion appears to be that the law is on the
whole a beneficial one, but that it will have to be
amended in some respects to fit it to the complexities
of modern industrial life. At any rate there is cer
tniniy injustice in nn act that leads to such decisions
ns that reported from Glasgow.
BRITISH CAMPAIGN PLANS.
I |~X ISPATCHES from South Africa give such
) meager accounts of the progress of the war
* — it is not possible to form a satisfactory esti
mate of the situation at Ladysmith. Kimberley or
Mnfrking. Enough is known, however, to make it
! sure a critical period has been reached in the cam
• paign and that if the Roers are to accomplish a
| notable success, crushing in its effect upon the Brit
ish before General Ruller arrives with reinforcement-,
for the beleaguered garrisons, they must strike at once
i and strike hard.
Thus far the fortunes of battle have been on the
side of the Transvaal. While they have not capture!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
either of the objective points of the first dash of the
campaign, nor routed or captured a British army,
they have so completely invested the British as to
force General Buller to change the plan of campaign
announced at the outbreak of the war and hurry his
men to the relief of General White as rapidly as
they arrive in Africa.
It will be remembered that shortly after the open
ing of hostilities a dispatch from London stated that
the troops about to be sent to Africa would not be
landed at Cape Town, nor at Durban, but at Port
Elizabeth, Port Alfred and, East London. While no
authority was given for the. statement, it was in itself
so reasonable it may be regarded as fairly well
founded. It was believed at the time that General
White could easily hold his own, and Buller expected
to be able to land his army corps at the point from
which he could most easily advance on Pretoria,
organize it there and" set forth for the capture of the
Boer capital. That expectation has been disap
pointed. White is so hard pressed that Buller has
had to land his men at Durban and arrange to move
them forward for the relief of Ladysmith at once.
Hmv large a portion of Buller's force will be re
quired for the purpose of checking the advance of
the Boers into Natal cannot be estimated. It is
expected, however, that twenty-three transports with
troops will reach South Africa before the close of
this week. If White manages during that time to
hold his own, it is likely a comparatively small force
sent to his relief would have the effect of enabling
him to open his communications with the coast and
the south and thus be virtually safe. Should that be
so, Buller could then with the major part of his corps
carry out his original intention of using Port Eliza
beth as a ba?e and after resting his troops and
arranging his plan of march set out in December
with a well equipped army for the attack on Pretoria.
Of the advantages of the route from Port Elizabeth
i f has been said that while Durban is nearer to the
seat of war, yet to get from it through Natal into the
Transvaal the British would have to cross the steep
Drakensberg, all the passes of which are in the hands
of the Boers and are strongly guarded. By the other
route the only serious obstacle in the way of advance
is the Orange River, and once beyond that the British
would have open plains across which to advance upon
Bloemfontein and Pretoria.
The time is at hand when the questions involved
in the different plans of campaign will have to be set
tled, and it looks now as if the settlement would not
be left wholly to Buller. The Boers may yet force
his hand and compel him to risk everything at Dur
ban and Ladysmith, instead of making a Christmas
time march of triumph over the plains of Orange
State to the capital of the Transvaal.
WHEN Parliament was summoned to authorize
the British Ministry to call out the reserves of
the army and to vote money to carry on the
war in South Africa the Ministry contented itself with
asking permission to borrow money. Nothing was
said about taxes. Since Parliament adjourned, how
ev< r. there has been a good deal of discussion of the
subject, for it is clear the money must be raised at
some time and somebody will have to pay taxes to
provide it.
There is to be no hurry in meeting the issue. Tli-.-
London News stated the other day, "The first object
of the Government is to make the war popular." That
means, of course, the Government will not add any
thing to the burdens of the British taxpayer during
the war if by borrowing money it can avoid doing so.
The Chancell<w of the Kxchetjuer is reported to have
■ I the possibility of meeting the expense* of
the war out of the ordinary taxation of the year, "ex
ceptionally increased for that purpose," but the sug
gestion seems to have met with little favor. An
other suggestion that the income tax be increased to
one shilling on the pound and that a tax be levied on
beer has been even less commended. Such taxes
would he sure to make the war unpopular and dampen
the ardor for conquest.
In this dilemma some strange means for providing
money to pay oft the debt that is being contracted
I have been put forth. The Westminster Gazette notes
that a good many persons believe the war to be car
ried on not for the benefit of the British people but
for that of the gold and diamond miners of South
Africa and for the Uitlanders in the Transvaal. These
persons maintain that the cost of the war should be
taxed upon the South African beneficiaries. It is
argued that the entire revenue needed to make up
for the expenditure of the struggle should be made a
charge upon the resources of the Transvaal and be
exacted from that country after the conquest.
In commenting upon the proposition the Gazette
says: "Though it may not be wise when we are at
the beginning of a campaign to anticipate any of the
fruits of victory, it is certainly lawful to contemplate
a settlement in which the Uitlanders shall contribute
their fair share to the cost of their emancipation.
But it is not lawful — it would, on the contrary, be
o-trageous— to regard the Transvaal as rich booty
which the Boers will be called upon to disgorge be
cause they have dared to defend their country. If we
are going to treat them as honorable foes, and to do
ourselves justice as honest people, we need not stop
to discuss these monstrous proposals for making the
Beer pay vicariously for the Uitlander. We may be
quite sure, at all events, that this war and the recon
struction after the war will cost a great deal more
than the ten millions now required. There will be
ample opportunities hereafter for making the Uit
lander pay his share, and the Boer the indemnity
which in all wars, just or unjust, falls on the beaten
party."
The issue is one that will have to be treated se
riously by the Government as soon as Parliament as
sembles. It will not be possible to postpone the is
sue indefinitely for the purpose of making the war
I popular. Somebody will have to pay the cost, and
however earnestly the Ministry may try to impose all
the burden upon the people of South Africa it is cer
tain the British taxpayer in the end will have to put
up the biggest share of it.
The dubious "fusion" victory in Nebraska has
made, it is said, the nomination of William Jennings
Bryan for President absolutely certain. This is one
phase of the recent Republican victory, which gives
to Republicans more reason than any other, perhaps,
for genuine congratulation.
The proposal to secure from American women con
tributions for a British hospital ship has certainly
the dignity of an innovation. It suggests what might
have been done by British women in the Spanish-
American war.
The new medical director at Agnews Asylum is
demonstrating to the dismayed attendants that a
"pull" may work both ways. In this instance it very
clearly pulls out.
It is likely that ex-President Cleveland's duties as
professor at Princeton will preclude the possibility
of the autumnal hunting trips for which he was
famous. The joyful feeling in duckdom can be
imagined.
BRITISH WAR TAXES.
DESERT PROGRESS.
OIL BOOM NOTES.
LIFE IN THE MINES.
MOTHER LODE GROWTH,
Throughout the iength and breadth of
California mining enterprises are multi
plying and going forward with an energy
never equaled in the history of the State
since the early clays of placer mining. The
difference between those days and the
present is that now a mining enterprise
of any sort means the investment of cap
ital, the employment of men and the dls
i trtbution of money for labor and supplies.
Every mining region in the State now
looks up and is glad. Ip north Del Norto
County is shipping copper ore and watch
ing the new development of a number of
promising gold and topper properties.
Humboldt County has caught the oil boom
and is trying to remember how ita oil ex
citement of the sixties felt.
In Siskiyou County a dozen mining dis
tricts are booming with new developments
and the county expects to point to some
big new mines b< fore a great while. Yreka
la looking forward to a boom as a result
j of the rapid growth of the mining indus
i try. According to the Yreka Journal,
"ireka is gradually coming to the front
i as one of Uie richest mining centers on
I the Pacific (..'oast, and is likely V> double
; up in population during the coming year,
i with prospects of showing fully 25u0 pop
j ulation when the census enumerators
commence work next summer."
Near the town a big dredge will soon
be in operation In Yreka Creek, and sev
enteen carloads of machinery and lumber
fur It are now going in. The dredge pro
poses to work two miles of ground. Yreka
also shows the phenomenon of turning a
racetrack into a gold mine. The old track
of ihe Agricultural Society has been sold
for $7000 to a syndicate that will wash It
j away.
Yreka will be the supply center of an
extensive region in which many rich sur
face strikes have recently been made and
in which quite a number of quartz mines
will be opened up during the coming
months. Several big hydraulic proposi
tions are waiting for a water supply.
The Mountain Copper Company has put
its new smelting furnace, No. 5, In opera
tion. It is a third larger than the others.
Five new McDougall furnaces are to bo
erected at once, and the output of this
great mine will be largely Increased dur
ing the coming year. The unwatering of
the Copperopolis mines recently begun,
the erection of smelting plants In Madera
and Fresno counties and the development
or reopening of many comparatively
small copper properties In several coun-
ties now going on, several of which are
now producing in a small way, Increase
the promise of a big stride In California's
copper production during I'M 1 ) and for this
year as well.
Several big deals In the Shasta County
cupper belt are subjects of constant spec
ulation and report. It Is on the develop
ment of some of these vast stores of cop
per that the growth of the State's copper
Industry chiefly depends. When capital
takes hold of one or these evidently groat
properties exploration at depth must pre
tie erection of smelting- plants, and
probably two years would be as short a
time aa production mi a large scale could
be reached In. Captain <!.■ Lamar is se
cretly and vigorously pros] ting Tils
Bully Hill group of mints, and whether or
n<u he erects a smelter near Copper City
wiii depend on the extent of the ore sup
ply found.
The first machinery tn work the rich tel
luride OTes discovered at the head of Cof
fee <'r<ek, Trinity County, will be In
stalled when snow permits in the spring
and the experiment will be of interest.
George L. Carr. who recently bought a
half interest in th.- Yellow Rose of Texas
mine, last week purchased a Huntingtun
mill, concentrator, engine, etc., for the
mine. Selected ore from this and other
rich ledges In that district are now being
shipped at large expense to Selb^'B.
A number of mining properties in Shasta
County have been sold or bonded recently.
One was the Reid mine iv Star Gulch, on
which a six months' option at 1100,000 was
taken by Frederick King and C. C. Colen,
who will devetop the mine by shipping ore
to the Keswlck smelter.
The Central Pacific Company is apply
ing for patents to a great amount of this
big northern mineral region. There has
been tiled in Redding a list of 39,996 ucr>-s.
Of Which arr- in Shasta, 25,611 in Trin
ity and 5800 In Siskiyou County. It is un
derstood that other lists will soon bo filed.
The mineral lands bill sleeps in Congress.
The biggest gold mining operations in
the State are naturally along the mother
lode and in Nevada County. The invest
ment! of capital In new and old mother
lode properties and in development work
and mining plants begun or planned in the
past year aggregate millions of dollars. In
Amador County especially the deeper
mining of old properties is the leading
feature.
The Kennedy Is crowding work on its
new three-compartment vertical shaft, de
signed to tap the vein at 3500 feet, and
which with crosscuts will represent an in
vestment of 6everal hundred thousand
dollars. The shaft is down eight hun
dred feet and is progressing at the rapid
rate of twenty-two feet a week.
The new deep vertical shaft at the Wild
nian-Mahoney is being steadily deepened.
Rapid work Is going on at the Central
Eureka, which Is another striking suc
cess in reopening an abandoned mine and
putting faith in deep values. On the 1500
level the rich vein, said to avprage $100
a ton, la being drifted on both ways, and
the rock milled at the Zella.
E. C. Voorhies. one of the lucky openers
of the great old Gwin, has struck It again
in the Lincoln, on which he has been sink
ing for months. Recently a prospecting
crosscut to the west struck a 12-foot vein
of $10 rock and again the mother lode jus
tifles faith in it. In the South Eureka,
Oneida, Argonaut and other well-known
mines sinking to great depths steadily
proceeds.
The sale of the Morning Star drift mine
on lowa Hill, Placer County, is one of the
interesting recent events of the mining
world. The development of this fam
ous property was due to the sa
gacity and ability of Jacob H.
Neff, who has been Its manager
until now. The Coleman brothers and Mr.
Xofi have owned a majority of the stock.
After a large investment in costly work
ings one of the richest buried channels In
that region was struck and the yield was
almost Fabulous f"r years. For about 20* »0
feet the gravel has averaged from $7 50
to $10 per ton, and large dividends have
been paid for years. Its present produc
tion Is about $1000 a day.
But the channel has turned Into the
ground of the Big Dipper company, and
foreseeing a comparatively early suspen
sion of operations the controlling stock
holders sold their ISO 3 shares at $17 a share
to the other company. A dividend of $7 a
share remains in the treasury. There are
2400 shares of stock. With this transaction
Messrs. ("oleman and Neff retire from the
Morning Star. Harold T. Power, manager
of the great Hidden Treasure drift mine
In that company, becomes president and
superintendent.
The Utlca company is making large in
vestments in new hydraulic and com
pressed air plants, and among other
things has closed the Stickle shaft for re
tlmberlng. The old timbers are to be
bunrned for the gold that Is in them.
In Tuolumne County all the mills closed
down during the late dry spell have re
sumed operations and the mining com
munities are happy again. Among the im
portant new enterprises in this county is
the Pauper's Dream mine, which was
bonded several months a^ro to Eastern
people. The company has bought the
mine for $20,000 after development work
which has displayed larjre bodies of good
ore to a depth of 280 feet. The shaft will
be put down to 800 feet. The Mt. Jeffer
son will In a few weeks have a new ten
stamp mill running on the larpe nre sup
plies developed. W. H. McClintock is de
veloping the Goldwin, which gives great
promise, and a new power plant is
planned.
The Mariposa Grant in Mariposa County
is the scene of lively operations by the
n.-w owners, who are openinj; a number of
its mines. It is expected that 500 men will
be at work next spring.
At the Massachusetts Hill mine in Ne
vada County a plant to use petroleum for
fuel Is being installed.
The oil boom increases north and west
of Its storm center In the San Joaquin
Valley. Several capitalists and promot
ers are turning to Contra Costa County,
where two or three wells are already go
ing down Near Suisun in Solano County
they are boring for natural gas as well
as oil. Wells are going down In Colusa
County among others. In Humbnlclt
County nearly r.OOO acres in the Matthole
Valley have been taken up In plncer
claims. There eight loeatera have gen
erally joined in securing joint locations of
160 acres. One combination of people has
thus secured control of 4">40 acred.
From Mono County comes the report |
that oil is to be bored for on the islands j
in Mono Lake. Many locations were filed
last week.
The filing of forty-five oil locations in
Kern County in one day last week illus
trates the present activity in that region.
During the week a tract of 6000 acres with
oil possibilities in it, between Kern River
and Poso Creek, was bought by A. <;.
Newton of Los Angeles, who will begin
boring at once. The reported price was
$112,000.
The Alcatraz Company has abandoned
its well-known Carpenteria and La Patera
asphalt mines in Santa Barbara County
and will concentrate Its energies on its
big deposits in the Sisquoc district in that
county.
When an oil boom is on It is not sur
prising to read the boom announcement
that there is grease on the rope at the
Blank well which is now being drilled.
With that evidence that oil nas been
struck the shares will likely go up.
The general mining situation In South
ern California Is thus described by the
Los Angeles Times: "Reports from the
interior are that the weather this season
has been the most favorable for mining
operations ever experienced in this south
western region. From all camps comes
news of activity, the annual assessment
work is being done, prospects are being
developed, tailings are being profitably
worked over through the agency of the
cyanide and other processes and mines
that have been allowed to remain Idle
through want of the necessary capital to
develop them are again being worked,
with the result that trade in all branches
is being helped thereby. The news Is good
news all along the line."
The Inyo Independent reports the sale
of the Barnes & Anderson mine near Cit
rus, in Inyo County. Some picked sam
ples of ore from this mine sent to Los
Angeles went over JlO.Otxi per ton in gold.
Tlio purchasers of the property are
Messrs. Geraux. Phyler and Stewart, and
the terms of the purchase are that
Harnes and Anderson are enoh to receive
$IK) a month for twelve months, and at
the expiration of that period $60,000. In
the event of failure to comply with these
conditions the mine reverts to the origi
nal owners.
A report from San Diego states that
the 1.-ad mine at Valley Center, owned
by Willhite & Hill, named the Surprise
mine, is developing into a better prop
erty than was at first supposed. Some
San Francisco capitalists have been
looking it over with a view to purchas
ing it.
A Johannesburg correspondent of the
Los Angeles Mining Review writes thus:
"More than twice as much mining is be
ing done this year in the various camps
north of Johannesburg as was being dune
at this time last year. In the Panamint
country and the Argus and Slat" ranges
to the south of It there is hardly a claim
but is being worked, while several of
them are milling ore taken out in devel
opment work. A difficulty that the min
ors in those sections are still laboring un
der is the want of teams to haul their
supplies from this point. The freight
teams hauling to Soarles and camps
north of that are as busy as they can be.
but there are not enough teams to do the
work. The freight house here is always
piled up with stuff; it seems to come in
faster than it can be taken out."
Dennis Searles passed through Rands
burg on his way to the borax works a
few days ago and is actively employed
with a large force of men preparing to
start up the works, says the Randsburg
Minor. There is material enough on hand
to run some months and during the time
the works have been shut down every
thing has been cared for and ke-pt in com
plete order bo that it won't be long until I
the plant will be agui/i In operation.
Regarding oil and other mining fakes
to which California seems no longer a
stranger, the Mining and Scientilic Press I
says: "The great industrial activity that j
now prevails throughout the United 1
States is nowhere more marked than in ,
mining of every class. Not only are the
precious metals bring exploited more gen
erally and more vigorously than ever be
fore, but copper, iron, quicksilver, lead
and zinc mines aro being operated to
their fullest capacity. Oil. also. Is at
tracting attention, particularly in Cali- !
fornia. This widespread activity, taken j
together with the creation of trusts and |
combinations of industrial enterprises, j
large find small, has proven a great 'n- j
centlve to many scheming men to seize j
the passing opportunity and make some- i
thing out of nothing, and. as a result, the
country is flooded with prospectuses of
this or that mine or oil well. Nearly all I
of these alluring pamphlets contain more j
or less extravagant statements, but somo
of them deal in absurdities, and were I
very evidently written by persons wholly I
unfamiliar with either the subject of
mining or of oil boring."
Most of the mines along the mother
lode, especially in Tuolumne County,
which shut down in September owing to
lack of water, have resumed full opera
tion.
The sale of the turquoise mines near
Vanderbilt, San Bernardino County, to a
New York man is reported.
The Mountain Copper Company has or
dered a large supply of roofing slate from
the El Dorado County slate quarry, which
resumed operation some time ago.
The largest oil engine ever built for a
mining hoist has been erected by a San
Francisco firm for the Yellow Aster Min
ing Company at Randsburg. It Is a four
cylinder vertical engine of 130 horse
power, and Is calculated to work the hoist
to a possible depth of 2000 feet.
Ballast in Inyo County is one of the
mining camps enjoying a boom. The ac
tivity in the Panamint district and in the
Argus range Is responsible.
J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Thomas Fax of Sacramento is at the
J.ick.
Chief of Police Gall of Stockton is at
the Grand.
E. C. Farnsworth of Visalia is a guest
at the Lick.
L. H. Bell of Carson, Nev., Is a guest
at the California.
W. B. Ambrose, a merchant of Locke
ford, is registered at the Grand.
Nat Stewart, Sheriff of Santa Barbara
County, is stopping at the Grand.
James C. Bennett and wife of Pittsburg,
Pa., arrived yesterday and are spending
a few days at the Palace.
Charles Rayburn. the well-known min
ing expert, arrived yesterday from Pla
cervllle and is at the Occidental.
James McDonald, manager of the Stan
ford stables at the Palo Alto stock farm,
was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
H. H. Sherril, a wealthy real estate
dealer of Denver. Colo., arrived in town
yesterday and will spend a fortnight at
the Grand.
E. S. Mainh.irt, a well-known mining
man of Grass Valley, is spending a few
days in this city. He is among the guests
at the Grand.
Addison Powell, who is largely inter
ested in profitable mining enterprises in
Alaska, has arrived from Valdez and is
registered at the Occidental.
George H. Clark, the newly elected
Mayor of Sacramento, arrived last night
and is stopping at the Lick. Mayor
Clark Is accompanied by his wif© and
son.
J. C. Walker, a Fresno capitalist, with
his wife and daughter, who are now at
the Liick House, will leave for Honolulu
November 10 to spend the winter.
O. Heilbron and wife of Sacramento are
among the guests at the Grand. Mr.
Heilbron is a prominent wholesale dealer
in meats at the capital city.
Frederick Schacfer, a famors landscape
artist, arrived in this city yesterday. He
has been engaged to paint the new drop
curtain for the California Theater, be
sides several sets of new scenery for that
playhouse.
Only fools continue to do up-hill work
after they have reached the top.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
A torpedo boat for the Italian navy has
been launche 1 from the yard of
Sehichom, at Elbing, which is to have
a speed of 36 knots.
The submarine boat Narval was
launched at Cherbourg October 20, her
keel having been laid June 1 last year.
The boat is 106 tons, 111 feet 6 inch, s
in length, 12 feet 2 inches beam and l
speed of 12 knots on the surface, and B
knots when submerged is anticipated. She
Is luted with four torpedo projectors and
will carry two officers and a crew of
nine.
Rear Admiral Betollo, Italy's Minister
"i" Marine, recommends that the navy
needs no larger battle ships than i>i
tons, a size which would make then dis
tinctive ■ .lefense vessels. As suit
able ba h ships he .--up.
eight g-inch, eight 6-lnch, twelve 1-
poundrrs and twelve 6-pounderi besides
six torpedo tubes. Their speed should be
knol . with coal sufficient for 9000
to 10,000 knots at a 10-knot speed.
A torpedo cruiser named Agordat was
launched October 12 at Castellamara. The
vessel is 1320 tons, fitted with eight Hlech
yuden boilers and engines of 7600 h
i to gjvo a speed of 23
knots. There is little or no wood used
lln her internal fittings, for which <'.■ I
and aluminum have been substituted. The
battery consists «,f fourteen L2-pounders,
two machine guns and two torpedo tubes.
The Agordat is the only vessel of her
type in the Italian navy.
Cordite and smokeless powder has en
tirely Bupei | ordinary brown powder
in the British navy. The former was in
troduced in the service in INM. ami N now
used for both large ami small ordnance.
! Its ballistic pow.-r is four times that of
I ordinary brown powder, and in these day*
; of rapid-lire guns economy of space an. l
weight of ammunition hi me of
i vital Importance. The use of cordite has
■ also been largely extended in the land
service, and where guns and ammunition
I have to be transported over rough roads
! and mountains, every pound of weight
' saved adds so much i. efficiency
jof the gun. A few comparisons of tha
! relative weights of brown powder,
! as the old charges, and that of cordite,
! now used for ship's guns, will show tha
j gain in using the latter: Thus the old 12
--inch, using "_OS pounds brown powder
I a shell weighing 714 pounds, had a pene->
! trative power of 18.9 inches of iron at
| 2000 yards. The new 12-inch wire-wound
I rifle uses nearly lttf pounds of cordite, a
shell weighing S3'> pounds and will pene
trate 29.4 inches of iron at 2000 yards. Th.j
American 6-inch rifle burns 44 to 47
pounds brown powder, the shell weighs
l<Hi pounds and has no greater penetration
than the British gun of like caliber which
uses a charge of cordite weighing- less
than 15 pounds.
Official data and dimensions of the
I Japanese battle ship Shikishima, recent
j ly built at the Thames Iron Works, are
■ as follows: !-■ feet;
| length on water line, 400 feet, breadth, 75
; feet 6 inches; mean draught, 27 feet 3
! inches; displacement. 14.&5G tons. She id
; litted with twenty-five Belleville boilers
'and twin-screw engines, developing 15.'»> i
! horsepower, which gave a speed on her
recent trial of 19.023 knots, exceeding the
contract by over half a knot. The armor,
of Harveyiated nickel steel, extends along
; the water line from stem to stern, 'J
inches thick in wake of central battery,
tapering to 4 inches at the ends. The
belt extends 5 feet 6 inches below a
feel S inches above water lino. From
| thence to the upper deck the armor i* g
i inches in thickness. The protective deck
rlat is 32 inches above the water line
; and 3^ inches thick on the slopes within
the citadel, outside of which it is 2 inches
thick, and the main deck is 1 inch. The
citadel, or central battery, is 250 feet in
length, with 6 inch bulkheads at en. ls,
and subdivided between main and upper
deck by twelve bulkheads. The main
battery of four 12-Inch 40-caliber guns
ui-f- carried in 14-inch barbettes, and four
teen (3-Inch quick-firers are located in
eight water-tight casemates on the main
deck and six casemates <>n the 'upper
deck, all protected by 6-inch armor and
having 2-inch armor backs. The second
ary battery embraces twenty 12-pounders
and twelve 6-pounders, in addition to
which are five torpedo tubes, four above
and one below water. Her normal coal
supply is "00 tons, with a bunker rapac
ity of 2000 tons, and her complement;
will number 741, including an admiral and
thirty-eight other officers. The vessel
was built within two years and is now
passing through a series of exhaustive
trials on the coast of England. She han
turned a circle at full speed in 3 minuter
18 seconds, heeling only rive degrees, and
the British journals have nothing but
praise for what they consider a superior
battle ship to any yet built for tho
Queen's navy.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■
The Burlington Railroad is talking of
conducting a special chicken train once
a month. .
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has b«en used for fifty yearg i.v millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remed
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething op
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for lira.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, 2Cc a bottle.
Tourist Excursions.
PERSONALLY conducted Tourist Exeurstrng,
with latest Improved Pullman Vestibuled Sleep
ing Cars, through from California to St. Tan',
St. Louis, Chicago and Boston, even' Sunday)
Wednesday and Friday. Get full information at
C2S Market St.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
California Limited.
SANTA FE ROUTE— Connecting train leaves
at 5 p. m. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sat
urday, giving passengers ample time to see Los
Angelas and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and bent track of any line to the East." Get
handsome folder and full particulars at 623
Market street .
Female bootblacks are increasing rop
idly in France. They wear a costume not
unlike that of the nuns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wasting^
Are you nervous, restless,
pale and easily tired? Per-
haps the scales can tell you
why. If your weight is
below your average, that
explains it.
Scott's Emulsion is a fat-
producing food. You soon
begin to gain and you keep
on gaining long after you
stop taking it. For all
wasting diseases, in both
young and old, it is the one
standard remedy.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNh, Cheung, New Yorfc' . _;' _ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ZFI&KJj&irS Mr GhYrardelli's Break- IB
mjxJji^ Imperial, £m
v tne new concentrated *^^^?
' soluble, k.'
M( UOCOd. M
$8 Another step in the march of progress in the /i»
BK\ production of -high-class food products. IMS
Hr Compare it with the finest imported Dutch jgK.
EM Cocoas and see if it isn't better — fresher and /fly
H^, Pure, of finest flavor, completely soluble, easily dl»es- m
I\^ tlble, concentrated, quickly prepared, economical ; that's all. jg
1-2 Ib., 30c ; 1 lb., 60=. M
G. GHIRARDELLI CO., S.F. 1 .
_^/" T^ - - *♦■ . • Bu/t/7/f/G- or Waffle*
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIAJTHEATER §*•
YOU CAN'T STOP THEM
The Crowds Will Go Where the
licet Performances Arc Given
at the Right Prices.
Standing Ten Deep in the Foyer Last Night.
The Enthusiasm Knew No Bounds.
As Allen Dale said In th* New York Journal!
**.6uch plays are godsends."
Harry Corson Clarke
§And his excellent company.
mm\ What Happened
\p r To Jones.
Jb^fF' jft^ POPULAR PRICES—
Jr^t^^Wfa Ings. 75c, 50c. 25; matlneea,
KEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— The greatest of all
- Swedish comedy drama*.
"YON YONSON/'
COLUMBIANS
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
Return of lest season's
GREAT LAUGH COMPELLER.
BROADHURST'S /^^\
Anglo- /SMITH]
American I LEFT I
Snccess, .V^/
CAN you do BAD cooking worse?
PRICES »1. 75c. 50c, 25c
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT- TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Wednesday, Friday evenings. Saturday mat;
Gilbert & Sullivan's famous creation,
"PATIENCE."
A- big advance sale predicts success!!
**Pat!er.ce" will be superbly cast and staged!! j
Hear once again the great English opera.!
Verdi* glorious historical grand opera,
THE MASKED BALL
"Un Ballo In Maschera.")
Bung by famous lyric artists.
Tuesday Thursday Saturday, Sunday nig Ma.
Debnt of Slgnorina Z*lma Polltinl.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and Mo.
Telephone for seats— Bush 9.
ALC AZAR__THEATER.
TO-NIGHT .
If« oar treat— a "Smile" with us.
Never bef- -» at our prices.
My Friend %
From India, f
Special engagement of
MR. L. R. STOCK WELL.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN B3J.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GRAND SOUVENIR NIGHT! .
GRAND SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Every lady attending tha^theater this evening
will be presented with a handsome and ele-
gant SOUVENIR. _
SE<~OND AND LAST WEEK-
Of Francis Wilson' s greatest Comic Opera
THE MERRY MONARCH.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
If ran miss this delightful entertainment
you'll be like the wise little ostrich who .knew
It all. a: then get left. . ;
mi^ES— soe, 35c, 25c 1 5c. I*o.
Good reserved seat at Saturday matinee. ISO.
Branch Ticket Office, r.mpor'ium.
CHIITESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LOLA COTTON, the 6-year-old
Physiological Wonder,
MLLE. LIRA.
major" mite,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS, High Diver,
Frank Hall Subduing "Wallace."
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Try to Die In the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
Phone for Spat". Park 23.
• THE CAUFOKNIA COLLE32 OF DENTAL
BDBQERY, '
forner' McAllister and Larkir. streets, Is now
cie'n for the admission of .students. Apply to
6 W. DENNIS. M. D., V. D. S.. dean at the
coieg'e, or. A. D. CLEAVES, -D. D. S.. assistant
dem, «2 Parrott building.
r\ ■ rr nntfll Corner Fourth and
111 lIMVAI Market - 8. F. Try
I »I" I" HII I U I our Special Brew ,
\jl\\ !HL Steajm and
Will L IIUJIII-5 C . Overcoats and
" - ' • Valises checked tree. '
AMUSEMENTS.
ACKNOWLEDGED THE BEST
BILL OF THE SEASON.
RYAN AND RICHFIELD, In "A Headless
! Man"; CHERIDAH SIMPSON. "The American
Beauty"; BURTON'S ACROBATIC COMEDY
DOGS; VINIE DE WITT, cornet and vocal
roloist; JEROME AND ALEXIS, LEO CARLE,
GOGGIN AND DAVIS, AMERICAN BIO-
| GRAPH.
The famous Parisian Beauty, CORNILLE.
| Reserved Beats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
| and box seats. 50c.
.1 Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
THE PEOPLE* 3 PLAYHOUSE.
\ EDDY AND JONES STS.— PHONE SOUTH 770.
Every evening, matinee Saturday.
A SYMPHONY OF DELIGHT.
EUGENIB
BLAIR
And excellent company, presenting the Wal-
lack Theater Success, from New York,
%Lady,of Quality
$1.00-BOX SEATS— ?I.OO.
PRICES— I6c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c
Matinee — 15c. 25c, 85c and 50c
I Next Sunday night— "lN OLD KENTUCKY."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
Booth Pan Francisco, Ean Mateo Co.
Main Office, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, S. F.
W. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN. '
President. Sec. and Manager. I
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS, ISS9,
inclusive.
Six high-class running races every weekday,
beginning at 1:30 p. m. Last race at i p. m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacific Co,
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 9:00/ 10:40 and 11:30 a. m
Special race trains at 12:40, 12:50 and 1:25 p. m.
j returning immediately after the last race and
at 4:45 D. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— Arrive at
Ban Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at I
4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave Valencia-street
ten minutes later than Third street. Race j
trains stop directly at the entrance to the
grandstand.
Last cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return,
Including admission to grounds, $1 25. Single
round-trip tickets, 40 cents. Holders of Associa-
tion Badges may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
pon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation of badges at Third or Valencia street
stations for $3 50.
Reliefer all complaints without delay with
' the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
jeaf MACKIn"
(1 — 3 np £\ ww wy j
JpFfs9^ CHICAGO
J *»■'/ UILOR "
vljtf .it^cWit r Market St.
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY,
Land Located in the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Well*.
Midway Between
Coalinga and McKittrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited Quantity of Treasury Stock now for I
•ale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE,
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
Badway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. - •
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con- .
stipation. Piles and I all derangements of the |
Internal Viscera, 25c a box. At Druggists, ,
©r by malt WAY & CO.. New .York. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
MAJOR GENERAL MILES
INSPECTS THE HANCOCK
THE remodeled army transport Hancock was the cen
ter of attraction yesterday on the water front. Fully
6000 people looked over the handsome ship, Major
General Miles being among the number. The general
raid the Hancock a hurried visit last Saturday, but yes
terday, accompanied by Colonel Long, who acted as cice
rone, he Inspected the vessel from stem to stern and then
remarked that it was a pity the Government did not have
some transports like her during the war with Spain.
The Hancock is fitted with a magnificent refrigerat
ing plant, and enough meat can be carried in the cold
storage to feed a regiment for six months. Had the
Hancock and Warren and a few more transports like
them been on the Atlantic Coast during the fighting in
Cuba there would have been no "embalmed beef" scan
dal.
Later In the day Inspector General Breckinridge of
the army also went over the transport, in company with
Captains Barneson and Batchelder, and was very much
pleased with the ship. The arrangements made for
the care of the sick were praised by him, and all In all
he considers there is nothing lacking In the Hancock, and
that she is a credit to her designers and to the men
who executed the plans.
The soldiers' kitchen is a feature of the Hancock.
All the latest appliances # for sanitary cooking are to be
found there, and nothing has been overlooked that
would tend to turn out the food in the very best order.
Then, there is an isolated hospital, dispensary and diet
kitchen. The hospital is covered with a dome skylight,
which can be removed, and there is then room to lower
the patients on a stretcher down into the hospital. In
the dispensary there is everything required by the hos
pital staff, while the diet kitchen Is unique. In it food
ordered specially by the doctors will be cooked, and care
has been taken In the arrangements that the food shall
not be contaminated In any way. All the dishes and
cooking utensils are nickel-plated and all the furnishings
are of the best.
The troop ship Is fuml6hed with an armory, maga
zine and specie tank. In the armory there is room for the
arms of a regiment, while the magazine can carry
enough ammunition to last a regiment a year. The cash
In the Service ©i (3©6
REV. DR. RADER DISCOURSES
ON THE TRAGEDY OF MACBETH
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church last night delivered a
highly interesting sermon on "Macbeth,
or the Passion for Power." His text was:
"What doth it profit a man If he gain the
whole world and lose his own soul?"—
Matthew vi:26. In part he said:
The tragedy of Macbeth teaches the re
sults of tho passion for power. Aspiration
is a dpsire for excellence and an ambition
for fame. Macbeth'* ambition contained the
elements of usurpation, strategy and sel
flshnfss, the three qualities which have left
their mark ur"->n the political history of the
world, from Guy Fawkes to Bobs Tweed.
They fired the shots that killed Lincoln and
Garfleld, and exploded the bombs of the
Chicago anarchists.
Macbeth gained his throne but lost the
world of courage, peace and power. He lost
his life, which is not the least trouble of
a great soul. When a man loses his head
the effect of the loss depends upon the en
tire possibilities of his life, A man never
gains anything by selling himself for a
throne that does not belong to him.
Conscience is more valuable than any
throne. The most important thing In the
world Is one's own manhood— his own beat
self. God expects a man to save himself
and his world. What Is ambition? It is
a glorious cheat.
CATHOLICS BELIEVE IN THE
RAGING FIRES OF HELL
Rev. J. C. McCourt, C. S. P., preached
last evening to a large congregation in
St. Mary's Church. He chose for his text:
"Suffer both .to grow until the harvest,
and in the time of the harvest I will say
to the reapers gather up first the cockle
and bind It into bundles to burn, but the
wheat gather ye into my barn."—
Matthew xili:3o. In part he said:
To believe in hell, to believe that there Is
a place where men are punished In everlast
ing flames, is old-fashioned and obsolete.
The world has rejected It. Protestants ex
plain it away and make those flames, If
they exist, a mere agreeable warmth. Well.
Catholics know better than that: we know
as an awful fact that God. in His justice,
has a place where men suffer forever, where
the worm dies not. where the fire has no
kindly blaze, as we know it here, but black,
formless monsters hold In horrid embrace
the writhing, struggling souls which are
burned forever but not consumed. Every
sense, every part of the body, receives tor
ment and Its own pang, unceaslnar, unre
mitting, endless. The eyes behold visions of
loathing: the ears hear terrible sounds: the
feelings are racked and tortured. Those
members which have especially sinned on
earth receive punishment becoming their
evil deeds; the false tongue is scarred and
dried; the malignant heart Is withered and
torn, and the feet which have trodden the
paths of sin are 'burned with stinging
flames. Fire, horrible fire. Is everywhere,
burning on and on forever; yet, great and
awful as are the torments of the senses,
they are as nothing with those of the mind.
SERMON ON CHRIST AND
HIS RELATION TO SOCIETY
The Rev. John Hemphlli of Calvary
Presbyterian Church delivered a sermon
last night on "Christ and His Relation to
' Society." He chose as his text: "This
i beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana
of Galilee"— John ii:2, and in part said:
"With divine forethought and intention
Jesus began his public ministry by accept
ing an invitation to a social gathering.
Hnl his precursor, John the Baptist, re
! ceived an invitation to this wedding feast
he would have refused to accept it with
; lofty scorn. But Jesus accepted it. John
shunned society. Jesus sought it to show
his followers how it is entirely compatible
with the claims of the kingdom.
"It is a much easier way to turn your
! back upon society and declaim against its
sins, as John diii, tnan to go into society
I and lift up there the white ensign of holi
' ness as Jesus did. It is a Christ-like Chris-'
I tianity, then, that seeks society for the
purpose of purifying an<l sweetening and
I sanctifying it. The religion of Christ is a
for the troops In fh« Philippines will be carried In the
specie tank. Besides the other arrangements for the
comfort of the troops there ia a crew's galley and a
ship's galley, lavatories and bath rooms finished In
enameled ware, while the officers' quarters are finished
In corresponding style. While she was on the drydock
bilge keels were placed on the Hancock, and now she is
the steadiest transport In the fleet.
The credit of carrying out the changes on th» Han
cock Is due to Supervising Engineer J. H. Mathews of
the transport service, and It is due to his skill and vigi
lance that she Is without a peer. In her class, in the
world- When It was derided to alter the ship a board of
survey was appointed as follows: Colonel Oreenleaf,
then assistant surgeon general; Major Raymond, then
medical inspector of the transport service; Captain John
Barneaon, superintendent, and J. H. Mathews, super
vising engineer of the transport service. Captain Barne
son was master of the Hancock when she was the Arizona
and hla advice was very valuable in the planning of the
ship. To Mr. Mathews, however, belongs all the credit
of turning out a model transport.
The transport Warren went on Hunters Point dry
dock yesterday. Some repairs have to be made to her
steering gear, and it will be ten days before she gets off
the dock. Other work has to be done on the vessel, and
it will be December before she sails for Manila again.
The Pathan and City of Sydney will sail for Manila
to-day with troops, and the lien Mohr and Senator will
get away to-morrow. The Indiana goes in the stream
to-day to coal, and the Flintshire went on the Union Iron
Works drydock yesterday.
General Miles and his family will leave this morning
for the East. They will travel over the southern route,
and the general will stop over at New Orleans for the
purpose of Inspecting defenses along the lower Missis
sippi. After his inspection of the Hancock yesterday
afternoon he went to Oakland as the guest of Colonel
Long and saw all of Alameda County's points of in
terest, making his longest stop at Piedmont Springs. At
the Palace last night he expressed himself as highly de
lighted with his visit in every way. He also said it was
likely there would soon be more big guns mounted for
San Francisco's defenses.
power In the midst of all these, purifying
and Bweetening, as the lump of sugar
sweetens every drop in the cup. Chris
tianity is not religious rapture in the
sanctuary merely. It is the power of a
Christ-like life sweetening every other life
it touches."
«
FATHER YORKE RESUMES HIS
DUTIES AT THE CATHEDRAL
The Rev. Father P. C. Yorke, after a
year's absence abroad on a much needed
vacation, resumed yesterday his duties in
the diocese. At St. Mary's Cathc-dral In
the morning he celebrated the 9 o'clock
mass, delivering a short a<yrmon on the
Scripture lesson. The remainder of the
day he spent In quiet at his home.
To-morrow evening at 8:30 o'clock a for
mal banquet will be tendered to Father
Yorke at the California Hotel. .
THE REV, E. A. WOODS ON
THE RESPONSE TO PRAYER
Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D., preached at tho
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium last night. His text was: "What
is the Almighty that we should serve him,
and what prottt should we have if we pray
unto him?"— Job xil:ls. He spoke in part
as follows:
"If there is no God prayer is a delusion
and worship an absurdity. If God is sim
ply law or force, if he is inpersonal.
prayer is foolish. If, as some teach, God
has decided to save some and elected
others to be lost, then surely prayer will
avail nothing. But there is a God. He
cares for his creatures and he hears their
prayers. Has God given men the instinct
of prayer only to mock their upward looks
and pleadiug voices? Surely man is not
merely a half hinge, an interrogation
point with no answer. God can manage
this world and at the same time care for
his children. If man can master nature's
forces and harness them so they shall do
his bidding, surely God can use them in
the service of his children. If he invites
us to pray, has taught us to pray and
promised to answer us, he will surely lind
a way to do it."
REV. FATHER CHIAPPA OF LOS
GATOS PREACHES ON "HELL"
Father Vincent Chiappa of Los Gatos
preached the morning sermon yesterday
at the Church of St. Ignatius. It was a
doctrinal address on "Hell." He said in
brief;
"According to the words of the parable,
'Gather up first the cockle and bind it into
bundles to burn, but gather the wheat
into my barn. 1 the just and the wiirked
till doomsday will live on the same earth.
They will be fostered by the same son of
justice, Jesus Christ; will receive increase
and vigor from the same shower of divine
grace, will receive the same sacraments,
inhale the same air. Yet, like good and
noxious plants, though growing side by
side the one converts the Plements of the
soil into life-giving substance, the other
changes them into deadly poison. The
one supplies costly furniture for the Mas
ter's house, the other ministers fuel to his
fire. The cockle represents the reprobate,
thM wheat the just. The former will be
gathered by angels' hands, bound up into
bundles and cast into everlasting fire. The
latter will be gathered to God's eternal
kingdom."
BEARING OTHER'S BURDENS IS
THE HIGHEST USE OF LIFE
At St. Luke's Church yesterday morning
the rector. Rev. D. C. Garrett, preached
on "Burden-bearers" from the text,
"Bear ye one another's burdens and so
fulfill the law of Christ."— Gallatians vi:2.
Mr. Garrett said that what St. Paul
meant by the law of Christ was the new
commandment. "Love one another." He
showed the naturalness of this law. Said
"Christ gave It new motive and »ew
power, but the principle prevailed In part
in the religions of the Old World and was
even postulated In the instincts of animal
life. There Is not only the survival of the
fittest but the self-surrender of the strong
to save the weak. This Is Illustrated In
various ways. The same law holds g-ood
In social and organic relations. The joy
as well as the duty of bearing others'
burdens is the highest use to be made of
life."
DR. NELANDER PREACHES ON
DESTINY OF THE NATION
The Rev. Dr. E. Nelander preached a
pennon yesterday morning to the congre
gation of the First English Lutheran
Church on the manifest destiny of the
nation. The stately edifice on Geary
Ftrr>et was filled with an interestd con
gregation, who followed the speaker
with close attention. Dr. Nelander said
in conclusion:
"The strange record of territorial ex
pansion and the startling development of
national power looks liKe a manifest des
tiny. We may not want Cuba, Porto
Rico or the Philippines, but the question
Is, Can we avoid taking them under our
care? God save us as a nation from the
pride of conquest, but may He make us
willing to assume any responsibility which
He may impose upon us. It has been dis
covered that our wealth is over fifty
thousand millions, and that we are the
richest nation on earth. We are among
the great military nations. Like Pompey,
our President can stamp his foot and
summon an army. On statistical author
ity there are 27.000.000 of religious people
in this country. It Is for them to lay
this mighty country of ours at the feet
of Christ."
DR. YOORSANGER SPEAKS ON
COLONIZATION BY FORCE
Rabbi Voorsanger spoke at the Turk
street Temple last night, under tho
auspices of the Social Democratic party,
on the subject of "Colonization." His
address was an historical resume of the
various migratory movements In man
kind's march in search of better condi
tions. He said in brief:
"No nation's right to Its lands has
been recognized by superior forces. We
have displaced the Indian, and he lias
conquered some preceding type. I will
draw no conclusion, as to the Justice or
injustice of conquest, but will conclude
by saying that in my opinion no m^n
has a right to take -what belongs to
another."'
An animated discussion of the question
by the members of the party followed
the interesting address.
i/{a/f-c\utiin*
fires the stagnant life with ambition and ability
to dare and do. It la made by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n, which fact guarantees
Its merit.
Died From Tuberculosis.
The examination had by Dr. Zabala of
the body of Mrs. Mary Carr, the wife of
Thomas Carr, who is locked up in the
City Prison on the charge of manslaugh
ter, revealed tuberculosis of the lungs as
the cause of death. There were no marks
of violence on the body.
The Mormon's Little Joke.
Tourist (at Salt Lake)— But think of the
sin of having seven wives.
Mormon— You forget, brother, that I am
ruled by my seven wives.
Tourist-Whiit has that to do with it?
Mormon— A good deal. Don't you know,
brother, a person under seven is not re
sponsible for what he does?— Chicago
News.
Mere Practice.
"Very few marriages grow out of these
summer attachments," said the observing
man.
"No; most trial heats," replied the
horsey man.— Philadelphia North Ameri
can. „
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE NOTED PLAYERS OF KING LEAR.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES
Contributors to this course: Dr. E<lward Do
Mabie, I>r. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corson,
and others.
IV. KENG LEAR.
The Play as an Acting Drama.
The poet Shelley said of "King Lear"
that It was "the most perfect specimen
of the dramatic art existing In the
world." Another critic has said of it + hat
it Is "the greatest single achievement in
poetry of the Teutonic or northern gen
ius."
Though the full measure of these esti
mates the critical world may not wholly
consent to. yet the world comes very near
to consenting to them. "King Lear" is
universally admitted to be one of the
very finest productions of dramatic art
and dramatic poetry the world has
known.
And yet, great as "King Lear" Is as a ;
play and as a dramatic poem, its great- I
ness Is not altogether realizable to the
ordinary reader.
The ordinary reader has rarely the '
imagination necessary properly to con- '
celve the greatness of the characteriza- j
tlona of the play or the insight necessary >
properly to perceive the depth and mean
ing of its ethical lessons.
It thus follows that for a perfect appre- !
EDWIN FORREST AS KING LEAR.
elation of the- power and beauty of this
great play one must see it acted.
But here, again, another difficulty
arises. Great as the play "King Lear"
is, it deals with situations so improbable,
it supposes character and conduct so un
usual, it calls for the impersonation of
intellectual qualities so closely bordering
upon the fantastic and grotesque, that
unless acted with consummate skill the
play ceases to be of the realm of serious
drama and becomes absurd melodrama-
Only the greatest actors should play in
"King Lear." Only the greatest actors
really can play in it.
This difficulty was realized early in the !
history of the play. We have no ovi- j
dence indeed that "King Lear" was ever i
popular In the form in which Shakes- j
peare wrote it until within comparatively
recent times.
In 1681, three-quarters of a century af
ter the play was first written, there was
made a version of the play, long known, |
from the name of the person who made j
It, as "Tate's version," and this "King |
Lear" is the only "King Lear" that for j
nearly a hundred and fifty years was
ever heard of.
The principal differences between the
amended version and the real version
were two. In Tate's "King Lear" the
play ended happily; "otherwise," says
the* author, "I must have incumbered the
stage with dead bodies, which conduct
makes many tragedies conclude with un
seasonable jests." In the amended ver
sion, also, the part of the Fool— one of
the most delicately pathetic but difficult
ly realizable parts in the whole Shakes
pearean repertoire — was omitted.
When, then, we read of "King Lear," or
of actors playing "King Lear" in the
whole of the eighteenth century or in the
first two decades of the nineteenth cen
tury, we must remember that it is not
Shakespeare's "King Lear" that Is meant, j
but Tate's or some other version of the
play. Shakespeare's great creation was
as yet but imperfectly understood.
Though Betterton, Barton Booth and
Quln all played "King Lear," there does
not seem to have been any really great
"King Lear" till Garrick's time. Then
there were two — Garrick himself and Gar
rick's great rival. Spranger Barry.
In the year 1756 Barry began to play
"King Lear" in Covent Garden. Garrick,
with whom from the first the part had
been one of his very best, considered this
a challenge, and at once responded by re
viving "King Lear" in Drury Lane. Lon- ■
don, and Indeed all intellectual England, |
became divided into two camps— the be
lievers in Garrick's art and the believers
In Barry's. Here is one of the epigrams
of the day:
The town has found out different wayg
To praise the different Lears.
To Barry they give loud huzzas;
To Garrlck— only tears.
Here is another:
A king— nay, "every Inch a king,"
Such Barry doth appear.
But Garrick's quite another thing-
He's "every inch King Lear."
These jeux d'esprit of course were fa
vorable to Garrick; and. indeed, if their
point be founded on fact, and there la
little doubt but that it is, they concede
to Garrick a place in his art the very
highest.
But not all the wits of the town were
with Garrick. It was said that Oarrick
was jealous of his younger rival, and so
much so that there was more than clev
erness in the following epigram, got oft
with purpose to wound him; there was
real point and sting in it:
Critics, attend and Judge the rival Lears,
Whilst each commands applause and each your
tears.
Then own the truth— well he performs his part
Who touches, even Garrlck, to the heart.
Subsequent to Garrick'g day "King
iin sh/\k:esf»e/\re.
tvden. Dr. "William J. Rolfe, Dr. Hamilton W.
Dr. Isaac X. Demmon, Dr. Vlda D. Scudder
Lear" for many years does not seem to
have met with great success. Once (in
1788) the "tragic muse," Mrs. Siddons,
chose the play for her benefit night and
played Cordelia, while her brother, John
Kemble, renowned for his power in the
"curse part," played the King. But Mrs.
Siddons did not much affect the play, nor
indeed has any other great actress, al
though critics universally agree in esti
mating Cordelia as one of the very no
blest of all the Shakespearean heroines.
But the part Is too slight, too merely a
sketch, to be attractive to actresses who
have a reputation to make, or, indeed, to
sustain.
The first great Lear, In the true Shake
spearean conception of the character, was
Edmund Kean. Kean's first appearance
in the part was in Drury Lane in 1820.
But although by general consent Kean is
ranked the greatest impersonator of
Shakespearean character the world has
known, still his Lear was not in all its
parts a complete success. Indeed Hazlitt,
who was an intense admirer of Kean,
thought that in some respects It was in
ferior to Kemble's.
We said that the first great Lear, in,
the true Shakespearean conception of the,
part, was Edmund Kean; but c i Kean
did not introduce
■ into his. version of
■ the play Shakes
■peare's Fool. This
■was done by Mac
■ready January 25,
■IB3S. Macready thua
■has the ' honor of
■having been the nn«
■who first presented
■Jto the world th«
■ play of ''King Lear"
■as Shakespeare
■wrote it. But even
■ Mai- ready wad very
■nervous about the
■matter. On January
■4 he wrote: "My
■opinion of the intro
■ duction of the Fool
His that, like many
■■■■■■■■■terrible contrasts in
■■■■■■■■■poetry and painting,
■■■■■■■■■■■Jin acting representa
tion it will fall to
■■■■■■■■■effect. It will either
■weary of distract the
■ spectator." Next
■day he wrote that he
■ had mentioned his
■apprehension t o
■some- friends: ' "I
■ described," 1 c says,
■ "the sort of fragile,
■■■■■■■■■hectic, beautiful
■ faced boy that he
■should be, and
■■■■■■■■■stated my b< lief that
■ never could be
■ acted. Bartley (a
■ friend) observed
■■■■■■■■■that a woman
■■■■■■■■■should play it. I
■ caught at the idea
■■■■■■■■■and instantly ex
■ rlalmed, \vliss Her
■ ton is the very per
■sori!' I ■> as <!,■
--■ lighted at the
■■■■■■■■■■■■thought." And the
■■■■■■■■■part of Lear's Fool,
■ since Macready's
■time, has been al
■ most always played
■by a woman.
I Macready's Lear
■was one of his great-
Host parts. But, like
■■■■■■■■■most actors who
■■■■■■■■■have tried the part,
■he was not equally
■ good at all points of
■■■■■■■■■Jit. He especially ex
■ celled in lines calling
■ f<<r tenderness, pathos
■ and the expression
■of yearning and sym
■pa thy. The storm
HHHHHHHHHH'ii.'I stress of Lear's
moments of passion were scarcely
his. And yet Bulwer Lytton, who was
no mean judge, spoke of "the Titanic
grandeur" of Macready's Lear.
"King Lear held a conspicuous place
in those great Shakespearean revivals
that in the middle of the century Charles
Kean made at the Princess' and Samuel
Phelps made at Sadler's Wells. These
great actors played the part of Ltar
themselves, but, like their predecessor
Macready, they were each creater in the
milder and more pathetic aspects of
Lear's highly composite character than
in the larger and more powerfully im
pressive aspects of it.
In America the two great Lears have
been Edwin Forrest and Edwin Booth.
Lear was one of Forrest's greatest parts.
But Forrest had played too much and
too long in the way of "tickling the
ears of the groundlings" ever to become
a perfect Lear. He lacked the stateli
ness, the grandeur, the dignified vener
ableness vt him who was "every inch a
King." And yet Lear was a part in
which Forrest constantly kept overcom
ing the rough and obtrustive Individu
ality of his youth, and in which, there
fore, he constantly grew mellower and
nobler and greater. Booth's Lear,
though a noble one, was, of course, out
shone by his Richelieu and his 1-amlet.
Note— The study of "King Lear will b«
concluded next Thursday.
STEAM SPEEDS AT SEA.
Power Required for Increased Speed.
Outlook for the Future.
As to the speed of the future. I remem
ber reading an article on mechanical im
possibilities written about twenty-five
years ago. It was we.l written, and pos
sibly It was generally correct, but one
operation, which was cited as impossible
of accomplishment, was that of propelling
a steamer at the rate of twenty-five miles
an hour across the ocean. At that time
the Atlantic had never been crossed by a
screw steamer at so high a rate as fifteen,
miles an hour, the Scotia being the fastest
liner in those days, she having crossed tne
Atlantic at an average rate of fourteen
and one-third knots. Steaming across me
ocean at the rate of twenty-five miles an
hour might, therefore, well have been
looked upon at that date as impossible,
but to-day there are steamers which have
reached that speed, and there are others
In course of construction which may prob
ably exceed that rate across the Atlantic.
Although, roughly speaking, the powir
required to propel a steamer varies with
the cube of the speed, yet before a third
of the next century expires another in
crease of at least SO per cent in ocean
speed may safely bo prophesied. How this
is to be accomplished it would be too
hazardous to attempt to surmise; but 1
may point out how I think it will not be
done, and that is by carrying and hand
ling tWOO tons of bunker coals In a hull
drawing nearly fifty feet of water. The
model of the ocean mail steamer of the
next century will probably be that of a
very much enlarged "destroyer" of great
breadth and length and small draught of
water forward.
Lighter and stronger materials will
compose the structure, which may be
moved by multiple propellers, possibly
working in a tunnel, so that a number of
wheels could be worked by separate
shafts, actuated by rotary motors, as the
sizes on screw shafts and engines and
now under construction are perilously
large: or the motive power may be pro
ducea by compressed air or gas. Then,
the form of least resistance probably be
ing discovered, the hull, broad and light
in comparison with the augmented di
mensions,, will rise on top of the waves
rather than pass through them. The roll
ing and pitching may be more severe than
at present, but with improved cabins and
a shortened voyage, the difference may
not be noticed. The construction of a
steamer of 65.000 tons will probably not
trouble the constructors of the future
nearly as much as did the building of the
Great Eastern those of the past. There
will be infinitely less labor, both mental
and physical, than was required for th^>
construction of a great ship in those day/
— Cassler's Magazine.
Fortune.
"Young man. didn't I hear you kissing
my daughter in the parlor a few minutes
ago?"
"No, ma'am. You heard your daughter
kissing me."— Chicago Tribune.
blitest
DUDES WIN
BY CLEVER
STICK WORK
Gcod Baseba 1 ! at Recreation
Park Between Oakland
and Santa Cruz.
Oakland 5. Santa Cruz 2.
The Dudes lid the trick yesterday after
n<Kin at Recreation grounds by laying low
all the shellfish that have been coming
up periodically from Santa Cruz. An
drews was touched for nine hits and five
men from Oakland crossed the rubber.
The Dudes played an errorless game and
generally outdid their opponents in stick
work.
The first inning brought a run to Oak
land. Hammoi d swatted a two-bagger
to left field and scored on Hardlo's sin
gle. In the second inning Bchmeer made
first on a hit, went to second on Bab
bitt's error of Moskiman's hit and scored
when McCarthy juggled a hot one off
Hutchinson's bat. In the seventh the
]>udes added two runs to the list. Ham
mond rolled out a two-bagger, cantered to
third on Donovan's hit, and then the Lob
sters began to juggle and make it easy
for Hammond to cross the plate. A wild
throw by (."lark to Devereaux, who a.l
-lowed the ball to pass through him. was
the accident. Donovan took second and
th.rd on the throw-In of Dunleavy's long
fiy to Dairymple, Donovan scoring on thi>
throw-in.
In the eighth it looked like a railroad
wreck for a time. -Moskiman was h!t by
The pitcher and Hutchinson, Hammond
n"d Hardie were sent to base on balls,
forcing Mosklman over the plate.
The runs of Santa Cruz were made In
the third and eighth. Croll made his first
but; on a hit and made Fccond on Mc-
Carthy's sacrifice. Babbitt then hit to
Hutchlnson, who threw home, but could
not "stave off" Croll; who scored. In
the eighth McCarthy was given his baso
on ball?, stole second and made third on
Babbitt's out. scorine on the • '.row-In of
Devereaux's fly to Dalrymple.
Dnlrymple and Schmeer divided fielding
honors; the former catchinff a long drive
In phenomenal fashion. The score:
OAKLAND.
AH. H. nil. SB. PO. A. E.
Hctchinson. lb 4 0 1 0 14 0 0
Hammond, c 4 2 2 0 2 1 ?
liaMie. rt..... 4 0 10 2 0 0:
IVmnvan, '.: 5 1 1 o 1 0 oi
DunWvy. 2b 4 0 2 0 2 2 ? !
Lancp 3b 4 0 i 1 1 • Oj
Schmeer, *. a .... * 1113 5 0-
Moskiman. If . . . ? 1 0 0 1 0 ?:
St^ffani. p 2 0 0 0 i i »
_______:
Total? S3 5 9- IK) Oj
SANTA I
AB. R. BH.'SB. PO. A. E.
MoCnrtby. 2b 2 1 n 1 3 1 1
Babbitt. .•*. s 3 •) 0 0 2 2 1
lipwroaux. ?.b . 4 0 0 0 ...
Drennan, c? i 0 0 0 1 0 .0
Clarke, lb 4 0 10 7 0 0
Dalrymple. If 3 o 2 0 3 ft 0 ;
Morrow, c 3 0 0 0 4 10
Croll, rf 3 110 4 0 3.
Andrews, r> 2 0 0 0 0-2 0
________
Totals 2S 2 4 1 Zi 9 i
RI'XS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cru« 0 ■"> 1 0 \> 0 0 I 0— ! !
Phm hits 0 1 1 10.0 1 0 o— 4 i
Oaklar..! 1 1000021*— 5 :
Bare hits 2 1110 0 ....
SUMMARY. I
Runs r*T> r.s-ible foi^StefTanl 1, Andrews 2.. I
Two-base bits— Hammond 2, Clarke, 'Dalrymp'.e.
Sacrifice hlta—McCartJiy, Morrow-. First base jr.
■ >r. ormrs- Or.k!cin.i 2. First ha«e on called'
balls-rOakland 6, S.Tr!t!i Cruz 2. I>>ft on ba*es—
Oakland 11, Par.ta Cruz 4. Struck out— By Stef- !
'. \r.\ ", by Andrewe 3. Hit by pltchep^-Babbltt,
Mrskirr.in. Palrymple. Double - ■•:7nr.i I
ti Dunleary t,-> Hutfh'nsnn. Pa?=eJ ball—Mor
row. Ti:-i» cf same — 1 hour 4) minute?. Dm- (
rire— Grnve^. Sccrer— J. W Ptar'.^ten.
The iriOrninsr crame between Oakland ■
and Sant.i Cruz, which was to have been j
played at Oakland, was ~tpon<:;d on ac
cov-nt of the condition of the Oakland
grounds. . ■
ELEVEN INNING GAME.
Hard Struggle Betwwn San Fran-
Cisco and Sacramentc Results
in n Tie.
JvXCRAMRNTO, Nov. 12.— Fifteen hun- j
dred I'ecple witnessed the best game of j
the season a^ the Oak Park diamond to- ,
day, the score at the end of the eleventh I
Jnning. at which time' the game was called ]
to permit the San Francisco team to leave ;
on the. late train, bolng 0 to 0.
Harvey ax d Iburg were both in fine
form, the former being touched tor three,
the latter for ei^ht Its. Th- local team
played .an errorless game, while th five
error;; chalked up to the visitors were not j
co6tljr. The work of O'Conhell was per- '
feclly satisfactory to ail concerned. Score: |
SACRAMENTO. |
' AH. R. BIT. S3. PO. A. E :
McLaughlln; rf...... 5 0 16 10 0
Harvey, p 1 0 2 0 0 2 0j
O'Connor, lb 4 0 . 0" 0 1" 0 C|
F..igan. s. 5v.... 5 0 8 0.1 3 0 1
Stanley, c 5 0 0 1 4 2 C
I'Tie. rf. ..:...: S 0 » " 0 3.9 0
Fbanahan. cf 5 0 2 0 1 0 0 i
Sheehin. Sb.'. .. 5 0 2 0 4 3 0
Jb.... 4 ft 1 0 4 '
M '1 I 1 33 16 0 ;
SAX FRANCISCO.
AH R. I!H 38.P0. A E. I
' " 1 3 2
HiMebrand. rf 5 0 00 1 0 0
KniE-,' c. s 4 0 1 8 4 4 2 '
Kulllvan. c 4 0 1 0-10 1 o\
Courtney, lb 4 a 0-0 r 0 0
Re!l!y. 2b 1 0 1 ft 4 2 1 j
Pyn<\ cf 4 9 i- .0 4 0 0!
Mult, If 4 0 0 0 3 a 1
Iburjr. p : 4 0 0 0 ' 1 I 6
Total. -"S 'I 1 1-5 12. 1
totals 3o "» 3 0 33 12 o\
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Facramento 0 90000.0 000 o—o I
Base hits 0 1 1 0 * 0 1 0 1 1 I— S !
Fan Francisco 0 000000000 o— f> 1
Hns» lilts 1 000001910 o—3 i
SUMMARY.
Three-t.a«=e hit— Shnnnhan. Sacrifice hits I
O'Connor, Pyne First base on errors— Sacra- I
nif-nto 4 F:r«t base oncalleil halls— Sacramento |
2. San Franrisco 4. Left on bo — Sacramento (
11. San Francisco 5. Struck out— By Harvey 4,
by Iburc 9. Hit by pitcher— Doyle. Double i
Plays— lburir to BrockhotY: Reilly to KHig to .
Courtney: Krj»; to Courtney. Time of game— I
hours. Umpire— O'Connpll. Scorer— Griffin.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires Defeat Seamen's Institute
Team by Three Goals to Nothing.
The Vampire Association football team j
played another match against a team of
British apprentices on Saturday afternoon .
on the Presidio Athletic grounds. The
Bailor**' team was made up and captained
by the Rev. IT. \V. L. ORourke, chaplain
of the Seamen's Institute. It was two
men short, and the Vampires also had
only nine players. in the match played
en the previous Saturday the sailors beat
the- Vampires two goals to nothing, and
the Vampires were eager to turn the ta
bles. The rc-sult was a keenly contested
same, neither fide scoring a goal in the
first half. In the second half Casldy
Bcored for the Vampires from a corner
kick-off by Williamson.
A little later the Rev. it. ay. L.
O'Rourke scored a goal for the" Seamen' 9
Institute. Then G. T. B. White scored
another goal for the Vampires off a pass
by Williamson, and Casldy put a third
b^twfen the posts, after a run down the
field, in which the forwards took part
The prame thus ended with the score of
3 to l in favor of the Vampires. ■
The ground was wet and somewhat slip
pery, but bein« of ■ Bandy nature was
not muddy or heavy. The teams were
made up as 1 follows:
Vnmptres. Positions. mien's Ins
lurneU Hack Johnston
MePol lum Back Thompson
Itobf-rtpon H.«.lf Back Taylor
JVOaw Half Back Ifcllr v
Holland Half Hark Karney
VlUamson Forward Ra pester
White Forward.. McMillan
<~T.n inhere Forward O'Ho:irk»
Castdy Forward Graham
Sporting Scents from All Over the World.
SISQUOC IS
KING OF THE
YOUNG DOGS
Romps Away From Record
ing A ngel at Union Park.
Other Results.
D. J. Healey's brindje and white dog
Slsquoc liad no difficulty In lowering the
colors of Pasha Kennels' Recording An- j
gel yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
They ran but one course when the rep
resentative of Pasha Kennels was with
drawn on the ground that she was not In
condition for a contest. The match was
made a fortnight since, the dog being then
In training. The efforts to condition Re
cording Angel were not successful and '
her showing yesterday was a disappoint- ,
ment to her followers. After seeing Bis
quoc perform many coursing men ex
pressed the opinion that his half-sister
can never beat him. He has a great, |
open stride ■which carries him over the I
ground at such a pace as to make bis i
opponent look like a very ordinary grey- I
hound.
Recording Angel was favorite at odd? j
of 5 to 3 when they went to .the slips for
the first course. When they were re
leased by James Grace, Sisquo< com- j
menced to draw away at or.cc and never j
left the result in doubt: Toward the end
the Angel was placed for a time, but
could not overcome the lead of her oppo
nent.
The Complimentary stake was won by
j one of the celebrated Clairs, Master Clair.
! He defeated En!n Pasha; Luxor, and
i should have met H. F. Anderson's Craw
' ford bad in the final. The Lad was uith
j drawn because of a hard course with
• Brutus, hence Master Clair won the final
I by default.
R. E. de B. Lopez's grand young dog
j Whit* won the reserve stake, beat
i ing the speedy Lucky Dog in the final.
Lucky Dog led up and secured the first
two turns, but then died av.-uy, while j
! Whitehea • went on a-id scored frequently.
The sport throughout the day was of
I the highest class and was witnessed by j
j a large number of spectators. The :
i weather conditions were favorable to the
! enjoyment of -outdoor Fport. as there was i
hardly mere than a touch of autumn '
cr!spness !n the air. The detailed results
of the running follow:
Complimentary stake. Srst round — Curtis &
Sen's Lui.^r N»u.t J. Kerrigan's Ccncjuercr:
Rjsseit. AUen & Wilson's Master C!alr b*at
ra*h.-i Kennels' Erain Pa.«ha: H. F. An.ier- ,
son's Crawford I-aJ beat Frir.k Moran's False '
Flatterer; J. P. Thrift* Brutus in a bye
course b-a: False Flatterer.
Se^-0r..! rcund— ■''-■ Clair beat Luxor;
Crawford Lad N?at Rrutus.
Final — Crawford I^a>l ■ was withdrawn and
Ma=r?r Clair .... first prixe.
Special match— D. J. ll*aley's Sisquoc beat !
Fa.-'ha Ker.r.e'.s' Recording Ansel.
Reserve stake— F. Baker's 1 >ora B beat Pasha I
Ker.r.^N" Firm Friend: J. ?haw'« I^jcky Dog J
beat J. Carroll's Aiirkland; H.irfp'is Bros.' Beer '
Br»w»r beat S. MAhoaey's Sf'A:* G; Mah-T i I
Rei'.'s Uncle Fuller t*»at R. L. Taylor's Mos*: !
Ru«?<>!!. Allen S: .\\'\i>r-n'9- r<-:i» riair beat J: |
MeCcrmack's Harefcrnin; T. Sullivan's Maid !
rt the HUI beat H. H. Gray's Terr>->nt>ttp; J. I
H. Ferigo'a Controller beat P. McCabe's I'rnig \
Boy: 3. CnrnMl'? Red Hln.l b»nt P. Heron's \
Martha Washlr.eton: R. E. de It. Lnr p z' i
Whitehead eat J. M. Haltor.'s Corln's Flash- j
ilcht: G".s Abercrombie's Victor- King, beat
Maher & Reid's Pat Retlty; Gua \bercromble's !
Rock Island Klnw beat P. Heron's Fair Play: i
J. Sheridan's KoreM Queen beat D. Chella's
Golden Russet: G. - irman'j Wnit a rattle |
beat Aenetd Kennels" Pretender: F. A. Mc-
Comb'n Motto beat Curtis ft Son's Vanity Fair:
J. Sheridan's Forest Kin? beat Lnnde £• Ger
ber's Onward: J. Murnane's Wll<lw<v-,l beat
Bartels Bros." Bart's Belle.
Poconfl round— Lucky :Dog beat Dora B:
T'ncle Fuller beat Beer Brewer: TMle flair
| beat Maid if the Mill; Controller beat RM
Kind: Whitehead ran . a bye with Blotto, who
was all entitled to a by». Victor Klne anj i
Wait a Little b»ln«r withdrawn: Forest Queen
beat Rock Island Kin«c: Forest Kin? beat Wild- :
wood.
Third round— Lucky Do? heat Uncle Fuller: j
Belle Clair beat Controller; Whitehead b«>at
Forest Queen: Mtott Wat Forest Kinp.
Fourth round — Lucky Dor beat Belle Clair: !
Whitehead bent Motto.
Final— Whitehead beat Lucky Dor.
The draw for the annual meeting of the
! Interstate Coursing Club will be held at
i 7 o'clock to-nipht at Pythian Castle. The !
coursing mm and officials will leave here
to-morrow for the ylalns.
_
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Judge Reilly acted very wisely when he |
decided yesterday that, after two "no ,
goes" In the final between Lily of the
West and Thornhlll, the final of the an- ,
nual stake should be run off next Sunday.
The coursing throughout the day was fast
and furious. Early In the stake Chicago
Boy, Rocker, Connemara and Bone were
hopelessly out of It. owing to the grueling
work. The day seemed an ideal one for
the hares and they appeared to hold j
charmed lives, as i:: several instances the [
field resembled the cress country run of i
a pack of f ix hounds as relief dogs, one
after another were released to stop the
course. In one Instance a hare was fol- '
lowed at a lively pace for quite a distance ;
by no less than flee dogs, among them !
being 1 rnhlll and Rocker.
The Consolation stake went to that good
hound and honest bread-winner Wild Tra
lee. Narclssua was the runner-up and j
showed in his courses that he had been
well trained and was prepared to go the
route. The results of the day were as
follows:
, Annual stake: Second round— H. A. Deckel
man's Rocket '.'eat Russell. Allen * Wilson's
Palsy Claire; D. Shannon's Safeguard beat J. I
Mailer's Benlcia Boy; T. J. Cronin'a Thornhlll j
beat Handy * Smith's Jennie Wilson; Jxvwe &
Thompson*! St. '"'ran beat H. A. .man's]
Lawrei Rubs>»ll, Allen * Wilson's Chicago •
Hoy beat D. Shannon' Soubrette; Connell I
Bros." I,ok Boy beat Strrl 1 Kr. vies' Slpety
Mist; E. M. Kellogg'R Hummer beat W. Hal
pin's Dawn: Curtis .t Son's McKinley beat E.
M X •■':'. en's Kid McCoy; James Dean's Conne- I
mar» beat D. Ryan's Lady Kenny; J. Byrnes'
I Eleven Spot beat D. Dillon's Black Hawk; J. j
'■ H. Pcrigo's Boh«> b»at James Byrnes' Nellie B:
i X M. k: pr" Sweet Emma beat Murphy A-
I.Toland'a Twilight: Curtis & Son's. Vulcan beat i
i Jijnr •■- Dep.n"* Gladiator: S. sen's L. S. j
I Con ley beat Curtis & Son's Flying Fox: P. M.
i Clarltsnn's Moijesty beat J. Byrnes' Olympus;
I T. Delury's Lily of the West beat Frank Fo-
I !«->•> M ibs Rose.
i Third round— Kook<»r " a Safeguard: Thorn
i hill best St. ' Tan. i "hi »go Boy beat Log; Boy;
i McKinley beat Hummer: Connemara beat
Eleven Spot: Rone beat Sweet Kn-.ma; Vulcan
beat. li. 8. Conley; Lily of the West beat Mod
esty.
Fourth round— Thornhlll beat Rocker. Chlraso
Boy beat McKinley. Bohe beat Connemara, Lily
Of the West beat Bohe'.
; Fifth round— Thornhlll -beat Chicago Boy; Lily
| of the West '•'•at Vuloan.
In the final Lily of the West met Thor.ihlU In
' two courses that were undecided.
Consolation stake: Second round— Curtia (*
Son's Narcissus beat A. Van den ButrYs
i American Eaßle; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle heat
J. Edmonds' Horning Glory: H. Lynch' ■ Mystic
Maid i.sat Curtis * Son's- Cash; Handy &
Smith's Ida beat \V. C. GUason's Terrona;
Ccnnell Bros.' S^norita beat T. Gibson's Ex
press- Connell Bros." Mamie n«»»i»nt beat
James Byrnes' Battleship: !terl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold l>eat Lowe & Thompson's Patrla;
: T. J. Croaln's Wild Tralee l>eat George >Jur
; fe'lnd's Pastime.
Third round— Narcissus beat Miss Grisute;
Ida beat Mystic Maid: Rusty Gold beat K*n
orltn; Wild Tralee beat Mamie Pleasant.
Fourth round— Narcissus beat Ida; Wild Tra
loe beat Rusty Gold: .
Final— Wild Tral»e beat Narcissus.
ROCKLIN BELLE WINS
AT SAN MATEO PARK
F. ChambMl's Rooklin Belle carried off
first honors yesterday at San Mateo
Coursing Park. St. Anthony, from the
Lopez Kennels, running- In the name of
N. P. Whiting, finished in second place.
He ran a bye in each of the three rounds
before the final. One was a natural bye,
the others accidental, owing to the with
drawal of Still True and Terronite be
cause of desperate courses. Both these
dogs were taken all over the field and
it was necessary 'to send out fresh dogs
to their assistance. . - : . •
Favorites were beaten with great regu
larity, six of them losing, one after -an
other in the- second round with odds of
2 and 3 to 1 on. Rocklln Belle defeated
the much fancied San Jose dog Cavalier
at the latter odds, while Golden Gate fell
before Terronite at the same price. Both
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
SISQUOC, PEERLESS AMONG YOUNG GREYHOUNDS.
D I Healey'a B easllj disposed of Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
They were to mccl series of three courses, but after being defeated in the first trial Recording Anerel was
drawn T 1 c Urn. since th< match was made was not .sufficient in which to condition her properly for so important an
• The victor is pronounced one of the grandest young greyhounds In the State. He is by Emm Pasha-Wave.
wan whelped October 19, 1898.
n Gate and Cavalier had the speed,
but their opponents outstayed them ana
As time permitted St. Anthony and
Belle ran bye courses before they
m< ' In tlie ilnal.
The management announces a matrn
next Sunday between J. O'Shea'a Oolden
RuN-- and R. E. de B. Lopea's Peplta.
The running: yesterday resulted as 10l-
Iowb;
Open stake, first round— H. Jones 1 Lady
Marlon beat B. Dean*' Free Silver Boy: Curtis
& Son's Commodore beat P. McKane s Rlgbj .
J. O' Shea's Young Firer.2l beat J. Ke«nrns
Royal Oak; J. 11. Smith's Merced b«at L. E.
Wiley's Gaslleht: W. S. Trade's Wandering
Tom "best A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; W.
C Glasson's Terroriite teat Pasha Kenne.s
Random Aim: Kay Bros. 1 Hawker D -at A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan: E. Baumelrter ? Winning
Ways b»at Larkey .v Rook's Minerva: 7. Quer.
rero's Silence beat T. Famine's Babe Murphy;
D Ford's Juanlta beat Flemln« Bros. Fury;
F and It Scott's Lord Byron beat J. K<"*ran ■
Blackloc 1 ,;'; W. H. Jones' Rustan beat J. Ferris
I/eah 1 Seggerson's Candelaria beat D.
Dowst's SarcnKtic: F. ChambilVa Rocklln Belle
beat d. Ford's nlta; Curtis * Son's Cavalier
beat W. Creamer's Delia M: J. O'Dowd'a
Shrvnover beat T. J. Cronin's Iron Duke: N. P.
Whiting " St. Anthony beat J. Perry ■ Com
modore Na.«h: J. W.tklns 1 Ptlll True beat L
M. Kelloßs's lowa Girl; J. Segperson s Gold
Hill, a bye.
Second round- Lady Marion beat Commodore;
Golden Gate b»al M»rced: Youn^; Finnxl beat
Wandering Tom; Terr.nlte neat Hawker:
Pllence beat Winning Ways; Juanlta beat Lord
Byron- Rustan beat Candelaria; Rocklln Bells
beat Cavalier: St. Anthony beat Phootover;
Still True beat Gold Hill. ,
Third round— Golden Gate > »at Lady Marlon:
Terronlte beat Young Flrenzl: Juanlta beat
Silence; Rocklln Belle b»at Rustan; St. An
thony, a bye. Still True drawn. _
Fourth round— Terronlte beat Golden Gate.
Rocklin Belle beat Juanlta; St. Anthony, a
b
'Fifth round— St. Anthony, a bye; Terrcnite
drawn: Rocklln Belle, a bye.
Final-Rocklin Belle beat St. Anthony.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
STOCKITON, Nov. 12.— roursinß here to
day at Goodwater Grove, resulted as follows:
Honeymoon beat Thunderbolt; Merry Maiden
beat Battle Ax; Glen Roy beat Sky Queen; St.
Elmo beat Lillle D; Better Than Gold beat
King Craft; Kerry (low beat Olyropla; Sun
beam beat Four Spot; Happy Bute beat
Maiden: Bounding Bell beat Fleet and Fancy:
Wild Lassie beat Juno: Dick 'L beat Sarah
Gold- Shark»y beat Royal Tip; Moloch beat
Woodbine; Forget Me Not beat Pansy Pasha:
St Aiirnon beat Pat Malloy; Prince of Fashion
beat Pre • '•
First ties Merry Maiden beat Honeymoon;
Glen Roy beat Bt Elmo; Sunbeam beat Better
Than Gold: Kerry Gow beat Happy But-;
Bound Bell beat Dick L; Wild Lassie beat
Bharkey; Moloch beat Forget Me Not; St. Alg
non beat Prince of Fashion.
Second ties—Glen Roy beat Merry Maiden:
Kerry Gow beat Sunbeam; Bounding Bell beat
Moloch Wild Lassie beat Prince of Fashion.
Third ties— Glen Roy beat Bounding Bell;
Kerry Gow beat Wild Lassie.
Final- Glen Roy beat Kerry Covr.
Tanforan Park Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's running
events arc as follows:
First race — Five furlongs; maiden two-year
olds.
2*6 Giro 113{ 256 Burdock 115
250 Aborigine 11". ! 2*« March Seven.... llo
IMS Dannenbaum.KT.j 294 Miss Sophie 110
232 Tisona 103! 256 Geldflnder 110
"... Reg. Hughes. ...3ls; 274 \Vi*Bhoe Ban... 103
26S Alanette KB'
Seond ra.ee— Six furlong*: selling.
297 Silver State.. 101, 303 Hlcnrdo 104
"96 Coda 101 . 297 Mutrnus 104
'S7 Silver Maid ....101 242 Wilmeter 101
279 Ann rape 95 ... The Miller %
Third race— Seven furlongs: selling; three
year-olds.
m Whaleback 107' MO Faversham 112
302 Silver Tone 104 oJ27)Lavator 10".
... Casdale 105 (MO) Jennie Reid 105
■
Fourth racf— Six furlongs; pelllnlg.
Torlbio 101 2M Pat Murphy 101
' m Afamada JOT Ml Mike Rice 101
(;S7)Campus '."- 887 Sorrow 101
2Gl"Don Luis 101 "So Montallade 101
Fifth race— One mile; all ac «.
C>i3)Mar«ato .. 1M (302)Morlnel 10J
3'.<i Cast«ke 104 <253) My Gypsy 76
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; all ages.
301 St. A'.gnon 1041 295 Ostler Joe 112
292 Mortgage SI (2S9)Dr. Sheppard...U7
2*4 Malay 1041
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Burdock. Giro, Reginald Hughes.
Second race— The Miller. Majnus. Ricardo.
Third race— Jennie Reid, Lara tor. Silver
Tone,
Fourth race— Mike Rice, Montallade. Afa
mada.
Fifth race — My Gypsy, Marcato. Marine!.
Sixth race— Malay, l>r. Shep^ard. Ostler Joe.
_■ » ■
Handball Games.
A continuation of the tournament
games occupied yesterday afternoon at
Phil Ryan's handball court at 858 How
ard street. The opening set-to was as
follows:
J R Bookman and E. Lynch defeated W.
H 'sieberst and W. H. Kedian. Score: 21—18,
16—21 21—20. Second same In the sam« series:
N J. Prenderc&st and A. J. Griffith defeated
J ' X Bookman and L. Waterman. Score:
21-12. is— 21- 18 -
The other games were:
T McManus and J. Dooley defeated B. Gar
vev and J. Bolster. Score: 21— 11. 14—21. 21—10.
M McDonald and P. Stelner defeated J. Kll
llon and if. McNeil. Score: 21—15. 13—21.
*M ■ 17
,T Condon and W. Hassell defeated A. Me-
Vlcker and T. Leach. Score.: 21—10. 13—21,
\V Collins and E. Antron defeated B. Clem
ents and M. Kirhy. Score: 21—9. 12—21. 21— U.
E White and C. Qulnn defeated A. White
man and C. Royal. Score: 21-15, 8-21. 21—16.
j Kennedy and W. Stansbury defeated T.
Lyons an.l J. McCormick. Score: 21—19. 14-21.
21 — 12.
E. Curley and B. Clements defeated P. Ryan
and J. Harlaw. Score: 21—13. 16—21. 21-19.
J. White and E. Toy defeated M. Magulre and
J. Collins. Score: 21—12. IS— 2l. 21-17.
DEPEW'S OFF MARE
MADE THINGS. HUM
OFFICER O'SHEA INJURED BY
THE FRENZIED ANIMAL.
Recklessness of Cyclers Causes a
Runaway in the Park — Fun at
the Chutes and Sutro
Baths.
Owing to the threatening weather there
was no music at the park yesterday, but
the small crowd that gathered in search
if recreation was delightfully enter
tained by the "off mare 1 ' In the spank
ing team driven by E. M. Pepew of 308
San Jose avenue. As Mr. Depew was
nearlng the Garfield monument a : in
dem ridden by reckless cyclers flew past
the horses' heads and they took to the
shrubbery. Soon they were hopelessly
tangled In the trees, and Captain
Thompson, assisted by Mounted Officer
Delegaro, attempted to free them from
the buggy.
The "off mare" gave a lunge, freed
hersHf from the rig and started on a
mad race ('own the main drive. Captain
Thompson gave chase, but failed to get
within roping distance until near the
Superintendent's office, where he lassoed
the runaway.
Officer O'Shea attempted to assist Cap
tain Thomson, when the mare lunged
toward him, and before he could flnJ a
place of silety he was struck dowr by
the iron-shod hoofs of the animal. Cap
tain Thomnson dragged the animal away
and the officer, who had sustained a
severe laceration of the upper lip, was
taken to his home.
Mr. Depew returned home on a car and
the horses were taken to the stables by
their keeper.
The weather did not materially re
duce the usral Chutes' crowd. Several
thousand people passed through (ho
gates during the day and enjoyed the
various features.
At Sutro Bat ha the guests were enter
tained with the regular aquatic races,
the results of which follow:
Fifty-yard dash, novice— Laicken
won. Miss Neal second.
100-yard amateur— Laird first, C.
Lunden second.
100-yard cup race— J. O'Brien first, C.
Rawlinson s-erond.
Springboard diving— Rawlinson first,
J. O'Brien second.
High living— Laird first, W. Hurley
sec'ind.
Underwater race — C. Jackson first, C.
Lunden second.
BUTCHERS HONOR EX-OFFICERS.
Knights of the Cleaver Give a Social
and Decorate Past Presidents
With Medals.
The Journeymen Butchers' Association
gave an enjoyable social and presentation
of medals to the past presidents of »he
organization at Odd Fellows' Hall las:
night. After a few selection* by the or
chestra ex-Assemblyman W. H. Miller, a
prominent member of the association, de
livered an address, In which he spoke of
the good work done by the organization
since its Inauguration.
The speaker then called on ex-President
J. W. Sanderson, W. C. Frost. 1.. W.
Roenes, Ben Davis, Matt Brady, Wil
liam Wies, George A. Sehade. Sam Mayer,
R. C. Dunbar. George J. Ruppert. Ben
Oswald, C, M. Russinger, S. T. Hurley,
Joseph Lyons and H. F. Schwab, wno
| r. arched down the hall and received their
i trophies, each officer being greeted with
hearty applause as the medal was pinned
In place. Ben Davis returned thanks for
the decorations. After the presentation
an Informal dance was given. The com
mittees In charge of the affair were as
follows:
Commute of arrangements— Herman
May (chairman). Ben Davis (secretary),
William Weis. Ben Osswald, William
! Boehm, J. R. Richardson. Herman Rock
ier. George A. Sehade. H. C. Dunbar and
E. J. Haskins; reception committee, past
] presidents: floor manager, John O'Keeffe;
I assistant floor manager, Ben Osswald;
floor committee— Herman Schwab, Frank
Krauer, Josepu Lyons, Sam Mayer and A.
OR|e,,Y. '
FISHING IN THE WEST.
A Favorite Place With Former Presi-
dent Harrison for Casting a Line.
Such streams as the Fox River in Illi
nois, the Kankakee, the White or the Tlp
pecanoe of Indiana afford at times even
to-day very rood sport for the fly rod.
Ex-President Harrison and a few chosen
friends often make a fly-fishing trip for
bass along the Tippecanoe. which was
once a famous bass water, and even yet
is not quite shorn of its ancient glory.
These gentlemen would as soon think of
grand larceny or highway robbery as to
entertain the Idea of using anything: but
the fly on the small mouths of the Tippe
canoe. This stream may be waded on
many of its imm reaches, though It Is
best to take along a boat, and some an
glers prefer to fish it from a boat all the
way. The bass of this river are very
good fighters, and show the leaping in
stinct of the small-mouth species, some
times springing out higher . than one's
head as one stands playing the fish. The
average run is a pound or thereabouts,
though often one will take a fish much
heavier. The bucktall flies are good on
the Tippecanoe, though this seems to be
also a water where one may with profit
indulge In his notions for bright-colored
millinery In laying out one's supply of
file*.
The Ferguson and the silver doctor are
sometimes used effectively, and the Seth.
Green, with a cinnamon wing, has beeo
found good upon occasion, though as. to
these matters it Is not weil to sat forth
dogma. There is no ultimate truth dis
coverable in the matter of bass flies In
stream fishing. This method we may as
well call "broad fishing." since It is fol
lowed at all times of the day and on all
parts of the water. This is late sprmg
and summer fishing, when the bass a r e
lyln* about in the weedy pockets, under
log? or close to sharp banks, and this
method, of course, ends when the cold
weather comr-s ar,d the bass begin to con
gregate in the deep hnlep.
Thp Fox River in the summer time of
fers .-in occasional evening of go.x] fly
Ashing at such points as the reefs near
Clintonville* or KlKin. when the bass are
taking the natural fly in the cooler pnrt
of the day. and on this river, as well as
the Kahkakee, one may now and then
pick out a bass from midstream even In
the middle of the day. while the fish are
lying pretty well down and only looking
up lazily at the panorama WTrSii sails
past them outline,; against the sky. This
of fly fishing, not restricted abso
lutely to any part of the water, but in
tended for my fish that may happen to
be lying about loose, is the most common
form of fly fishing, and is sometimes very
successful when the bass are In the hti
mor. — Chicago Record.
VIOLETS.
Are Always in Style, but Not So
With Other Flowers.
It would be interesting to know, If It
could be known accurately, how much
money is spent on flowers in New York
City annually. Flowers are so abundant
h«Te and so magnificently displayed in the
windows of the more fashionable thor
oughfares as to give the cltv, especially
at this season and through the winter, a
character which has often been comment
ed on by foreign visit' >rs.
"Violets?"
"H'm. Of course violets," says the flor
ist, sniffling. "YioWs last year and the
year before nnd this year."
"But don't new {lowers come into fash
ion every year?"
"Violets are always tn fashion."
There whs b rarely beautiful display of
violets in the window of this particular
store, ;t:ii! the head salesman, who seemed
busy, said that nobody would wear chrys
anthemums in the season of 1899-1900. At
another store, where the windows were
full of superb amethyst-colored asters
and chrysanthemums, the inquirer was
told in answer to his questioning that in
spite of all statements whatever to the
contrary, chrysanthemums certainly
would be in fashion this season.
"What O'you think I'm doing with all
these? Think I bought them for my best
girl?"
Between violets and chrysanthemums
there seems to be a rivalry. There is no
denying that the popularity of vioiets
saems likely to be hardly less than It was
last season, and already the conservatory
grown specimens are as lovely and frag
rant as ever. But, although the vogTUe of
the chrysanthemum will never igaln be
what It was some years ago, when this
country first learned from Japan the
splendors rtf that child of art and nature,
the flower seems to have fairly taken hold
of American taste and will never lose its
popularity for chamber decoration. It
seems to have been recognized that a
chrysanthemum is too big for one man's
buttonhole.
In the tray of rarer flowers the Bavar
dia jasmlnoldes. which the uninitiated
would taJte for a simple but broader sin
gle jasmine, seems likely to Increase that
hold upon the hearts and pocketbooks
of the luxurious which it gained last
year. The time has not yet come to
?p«nk of orchids, but an exotic flower
which, ihough an orchid, has much of ihe
orchid magnificence in its appearance
Is the tritoma. a brilliant scarlet and
orange .pike flower from the Cape of
Good Hope. The current rumors of war
and the sympathies of the Holland Srcl
ety, with the South African origin and
orange color of this flower, ma make it
a favorite with New Yorkers of Dutch
extraction, but for some reason those
who may be supposed to know say that
it will never be fashionable. This n:nv
be because there are not enough Knick
erbocker Boer sympathizers to tway the
thoughtless multitude.— New York Trib
une.
Free Trial Offer.
jg^^^^^^w After 30 years of success in the treatment of disease by elec-
tricity 1 am pleased to be able 10 off^r mv famous
■■t w SL DH SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT
/l^^^^^^^^ Jiilii/Ln LLl,vli\lw DEL I
yHs*& ■*^^— $ijf\ols On trial to any one who vvi " ca " at m y e ft"ice. Ail electrodes
M/Sf*^ covered with chamois, hence no burning or blistering. Improved
MfOSSsf e \^Sk^S' August 15 last. New and scientific appliances. Cures, without
felk^-^Btl^^ Using drugs, all WEAKNESSES OF MEN.
. 4^^r^^M^»^^^^ l vvin sive $1000 lor any E'ectric Belt superior to mine. With
its new scientific suspensory attachment a pleasant currentpasses
W^^^^^^M^^m^ through the weakened parts all night. It cures while you sleep
i^^^P^^^^^WMM ?uch d '-° rd ers as result from youthful errors or later exce><es •• •
™^^» Over 3000 Cures in 1898,
W^mm^S^^^T^^^Y Used by worn as well for Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervous-
T*uz.r- copyrighted Wf/ ness, etc. We are the o.dest and largest makers of electric appli-
ances in the world. Beware of any firm who offer you a cheap imitation and claim it to be as good
as Sanden s. 1 have no agents, and m. Belts can be bought only at mv offices. Send for my little j
book, which will be sent free upon application, or call at my office and consult me free of charge.
Office hours, 9to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1. . , ' .
■f^'ff T A CS: /| \I F"fc JET l\l 18 Third St., San Francisco, Cal. 119« South Spring j
*"^ '" ■' " m^**l LJ CIH 9 St., Los Angeles, Cal. Russel Bldg., Portland. Or. ,}
SHOOT FOR
TURKEYS AT
SHELL MOUND
Riflemen Secure the Founda
tion lor Their Thanks-
giving Day Dinner.
Riflemen shot Incessantly over the Shell
Mound Park range yesterday, one culb \
i alone, the San Francisco Schuetzen. hav
ing an attendance of 10S members. The j
| special attraction was the annual turkey
| shoot of the San Francisco Schuetzen and i
! the Germanla Schuetzen Club. The un- |
| initiated frequently cry down turkey I
shooting:, but as indulged in by the local |
marksmen it is not a cruel sport. In the i
| country the helpless fowl is fastened in
j a box or to a stake and shot at until
killed or blood is drawn. Here high scores :
on paper targets count, and the winners I
receive orders for the prizes won.
In the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
F. P. Schuster was high in the class |
' medal contest, 20 shots, German 25-ring :
: target, as shown by the following:
i Champion class— F. P. Schuster, 432 rinses;'
first clasp— John' Oefken, 405; second class—
J. D Helse, 410; third class— Otto Lemcke,
i 317; fourth class— John Beuttler. -3": best first !
! shot— H. Zecher, 24; best last shot- Mock
er, 25.
In the turkey shoot those who will get
fowls and the scores made .were:
E. Goelze, 83; A. Jungb'ut. 65; Charles Thier
bach. 63; John Ctschl*. 64; R. Stettin. 64: H.
Z*cher. 63; H. Stelling. «; J. C. Waller. 61;
F. P. Schuster. 61; J. D. Heise. 61; A. 11. Pane,
CO: Louis Bendel, .60.
, The programme of the Germanla
zen Club Included all kinds of rifle com
petition—class, medal, special prize and
turkey shooting. In the three-shot con
test for cash prizes the race for the ">;<•'■
lin gold Is close. Dr.- L. O. Rodprs leads
! with 723 rings in ten scores, followed by
D. B. Faktor with 721 and F. P. Schuster
with 720. The Germania's scores In the
several events were as follows: '
Class medals, twenty thota. German twenty-
I five ring target: First champion claw—*.
I.'tschlx. 431 rinjrs: second champion class—
! Stettin 403 rings; first claps— John Gefken. 432;
second class— A. Junfrblut. 380: third class— H.
Lilkendey, 370; beat first shot— C. Thierbach,
23: best last shot. J. Gefkin, 23.
Best score on the special cash prize re-entry
match, three shots. German twenty-five ring
target— F. P. Schuster, 73: D. B. Faktor. .2:
N. Ahrens. 72: D. W. McLaughlin. 72; L.
Haake. 71; J. rtschlE. 70.
Bushnell championship medal, ten snots,
German twenty-five rine target, one entry a
month-D. B. Faktor. 226; F. P. Schuster, 223:
Dr. L. O. Rodger?. 221; D. W. McLaughlln. 216.
Turkey shooting, three shots, one entry, Ger
man twenty-five rine target, highest scores:
F V Schuster. 70; H. Huber, 88; J. Utschl*,
64'; W. Germs, 63: Dr. 1.. O. Rollers. 63: J.
Gefkin. 62; C Thlerbach. 61; L. Siebe. 60; J.
Hartman. 61: N. Ahren*. 60: L. Rltrau. 65: H.
7^cher 60; i,. Klotz, 60: A. .lun?blut. 59; W.
Glindemann. SS: E. 11. Goetz, 68; U B-ndel.
. C 9; R. Stettin, r,T.
One of the most interesting features of
the Norddeutccher Schuetzen Verein a
bullseye shooting was a center made by
William Gam?. He was shooting for a
special medal offered by William Glinde
i*ann for the best bullseye made dur
ing the year. For some time past the
best center has been held by D. Salfleld.
the measuring machine showing the bul
let was within .51 of an Inch of the true
center Garms surprised his friends by
lowering this record to .42. The cash win
ners and their best centers, as shown by
the measuring machine, were the follow
ing:
First J. Peters, 176 points; second, 1,. Ritzau.
ISO; third. A. Mocker. 3.'."; fourth. D. Salfleld,
490; fifth H. Stelllnsr. 504: sixth. H. Stehn. 530;
seventh A. F. Meyer. 5C9; eighth H. Huber.
577: ninth. O. Lcmcke. 602: tenth. F. P. Schus
ter SO4: eleventh. J. Gefkln. 909; twelfth. F.
Koch 1110; thirteenth. W. F. Garms, 1108; four
teenth. Captain J. Thode; 1231. '
There was a full attendance of .the
members of the Golden Gate Rifle ana
Pistol Club, and the shooting on the 200
and the &0-yard ranges was up to the
average. On the pistol range Dr. L. O.
Rodgers made eight 10"s. of which five
were successive. A change of light gave
two low shots. The scores were as fol
lows:
Rifle class, 200 yards, ten shots. German
twenty-five rln* target— D W. McLuughlln. 226
rings' F. W. Belknap, 222: 209; F. E. Mason,
221- Dr L O Rodgers. 220; C. M. Henderson,
213* 196- J E. Gorman, 204. 191: G. Tammeyer.
204- J F. Bridges, 202; J. Kullman. 189.
Pistol class medal, fifty yards, ten shots.
standard American target— F. E. Mason. SO: J.
E. Gorman, 90; Dr. L. O. Rod*ers. 94: C Rob
erts 77- J. F. Bridges. 77: J. W. Tompklns, 70;
J kullman. BO; C. M. Henderson, S3; D. W.
McLaughlin. 80.
The Independent Rifles shot the mili
tary musket on the Blunt target, at 200
yards, ten shot scores. The results were
a? follows:
J Helnbockel. 15; F. J. Skowvan, M; J. H.
Ka'hle 41; G. Kellenberger. 31: C. .T. Staude,
3S: G. Worthlngton, 3S; H. Manzolf, 15; J. Mur
tha. 35.
Swiss Rifle Club.
The results of the shooting ever vhe
range of tie Swiss Rifl^ Club yesterday
follow:
Bullseyes— First. A. Hu^uenln; second, J.
Bachmann; third. A. Monattl. fourth. F. Puter:
fifth. Ed Christen; sixth, J. C. Huguenin;
seventh A. Gehret: eighth. A. Yon Wyl; ninth,
P. Croce; tenth, A. Studer; eleventh. P. C.
Glanlni.
Turkey winners— J. Leemann. fi!>; A. Huru<»
nln 6€-' .1. Bachmann. SI: A. Studer, 62: A.
Gehret 63: A. Yon Wyl. 59: J. C. Huguenin.
57- J Crandjean. 53: F. Suter. 52: Ed Christen,
52; A Monattl. 49; P. Rlehettl. 49: C. P. Gla
nlni, 51: P. C. Guscettl, 4S; P. Satorl, 46, and
J. Tosnazzinl, 47.
Medal— Champion class, A. Gehret, 418: first
class A. Yon Wyl. 393: second class, F. Suter,
301; third claps. A. Monattl, 327.
Athletic Club Officers.
The Colombia Athletic Club, organized
to promo t» boxing contests. Is controlled
by the following officers: President. Dan
iel Crowley: vice president. James K;inp;
secretary. Charles Sommerlad: tre.i-
John Efflrper; directors— Daniel Crowley
Charles Sommerlad. John Effinger, J. J.
Sullivan and .Tames Kane; business man
ager, Herman J.ihn Jr.
San Jose Coursing.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 12.— Coursing und«
new management at Agricultural Pnrk to
day resulted In a victory for S. E. Portal's
Sophie. C. L. Apnleby's Clare was run.
ner-up.
(Sast.
OLYMPIANS
WIN A RACE
ON THE PATH
An Initial Effort Made to Re-
vive Lagging Interest in
BicycK- Racing.
An initial effort was made yesterday at
J the Olympic Athletic Club track south of
' Golden Gate Park to revive interest in
j the art of bicycle racing. Over 500 per
-1 sons were in attendance at a compli-
I mentary meet and witnessed exciting
sport, the fastest of the local amateurs
I being among the competitors.
A ten-mile team race between riders
representing the Olympic Club Wheelmen
i and the Bay City Wheelmen was the fea
ture of the card. The Olympics were rep
resented by C. Long. F. Howe, P. Pfdler,
M. Davis and Captain Lester Livingstone,
while the Bay Citys, marshaled under
| Captain Arthur Davidson, were Eddie
Adams, G. McKinne, E. Hanjes and M.
Perry. The Olympic couriers covered the
i ten miles in 21:35, winning by a half lap,
: one-twelfth of a mile. The riders were
paced by tandem teams. The finish be
; tween Davidson and Livingstone was an
exciting one. the latter using the better
neadwork. The remaining events on the
! programme were:
Match race, one mile — J. Kphralm defeated L.
Samuels. Time. 2:"3.
Exhibition by Robert Anthony (8 years old),
balf-rrilp. pacer) by jtardem tram. Harry An
thony and i: McNess. Time. 1:15.
Exhibition by Oe irre P. Fuller, Olympic Club,
half-mile. Time. 0.-j7.
Inhibition hy K. P P.uss, Olympic Club,
quarter-mile. Time, 0:26. ". .
A mile ra<r In which ivilrts were allowed the
loader at the end of each lap was won by T. H.
Whit. 22 points; H. D. Bean, 14, and" Harry
Anthony. 14.
Five-mile exhibition, paced, by H. White.
O!j mpir Club. Time by miles— 2:M. 2:08 3-5.
2:C>.2-5. 2:OC :-:,. 2:03 2-3; total 30:". Paced by
Fuller ana Anthony, Kro#t* and Cheney. Hen
derson and Jackson, Pedier and Howe, I^anir
and Bulger. The pacing teams were directed by
A. Thcteen.
REMARKABLE SHOOTING.
C. C. Ford of Denver Makes Thirty-
One. Consecutive Bullseyes.
DENVER. Not. Il— A record at rifle
;rg which, it is believed, stands un
equaled. was m<ide at the regular meeting
of the Denver Rifle Club this afternoon.
C. C. Ford, the secretary of the club,
scorrvl 19S out of a poßsfble 2'o on a 500
--yard range with the regulatirn target for
that distance. The record was made from
forty shots. Ford scored rig-h: bullseyes,
then put the next shot in the circle Imme
diately outside of the bullseye, following
this with thirty-one consecutive bullseyes.
The latter is the remarkable feature of
the record.
Fight a Draw.
DENVER, Nov. 12.— A special to the
Nows from El Paso, Tex., says: Tommy
Mahar. the . feather-weight champion of
f'hicazro. anrl "Reridy" Grallaxber, feather
weight champion of the Southwest, fought
to a draw on the Mexican side of the Rio
Grande this afternoon. The contest was
exceedingly spirited ar.d bloody, and was
■ witnessed by 500 persons. The fight waa
to have been to a finish, bat darkness
stopped it at the. end of the twentieth
round.
Visalia Defeated.
VISALTA. Nov. B.— Bakersfield defeat
ed the Visalia baseball team to-day in a
fust game of ball by a score of six to
nothing.
Rifle Record Broken.
A. B. D.orrell broke the 22 caliber r*fle
record, at a meeting of the Columbia Pis
tol and Rifle Club, yesterday. The dis
tance was fifty yards, off-hand, and ihe
score made was fifteen, six of the shots
being In the center of the nne-inch rm'ls
eye. This record was previously held by
E. Jacobson and E. Hovey.
FEAR THE EARTHS END
Brazilians Panicstricken at Falb's
Prophecy. ; .
BpfK-lal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899; by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYREP. .Nov. 12— The Her
ald's correspondent in Rio Janeiro, Brazil,
telegraphs that Professor Falb's prophecy
that the earth will meet the famous B!e
--las comet to-morrow and may be de
stroyed as a result of the collision is caus
ing a panic among the lower classes of
Brazilians.
NICHOLAS AMES DEAD.
Was One of the Pioneer Merchants of
the State.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 11— Nicholas Ames, a
I pioneer merchant of San Fran
cisco, died here to-day at the residence of
his daughter. Mrs. Rosa Valencia. He
was TTp years of age and a native of Peru.
Hi? father was a distinguished military
leader in the Peruvian war of indepen
dence. Deceased came to San Francisco
in 1549 and became the proprietor of a
number of g-eneral merchandise stores in
various parts of the State.
William Congratulates yon Bulow.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, Nov. 12.— Berliner Nach
riehtpn learns that immediately after the
publication of the Samoa treaty the Czar,
in a loner conversation which he had after
dinner at Potsdam with Count yon Bu
low, congratulated him very heartily on
the success of his negotiations. v. ". : '.
Passenger Rates Cut.
PF.ATTJ,E. Wash.. Nov. 12— The trans
continental rate war spread again last
nic'.'.t with the arrival of two Alaska
steamers. At 9 a'clock Chicago tourist
tickets were offered by city passenger
agents in the hotels for $.°.2. There seems
to be no ai ipe for a patching up
of thi and all lin-s now admit
that the situation is serious and has
reached « pclnt when 3 something- must
result within a few hours. Transconti
nental traffic Is demoralized.Alameda
SUGAR-COATED
PILLS WILL NOT
BE DISPENSED
City Fathers Must Toe
the Mark.
— ♦ —
FROM PULPIT TO POLITICS
♦
SECRETARY PERRY A REAX
PASSEPARTOUT.
Hay-ward's Church Plans a Novel
Party That Is Not Founded on
Fact — Some Rare Gifts
Await Owners.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
':■■-.■ <l\\ iy Nov. 12.
ive a leave of absc-r.ce for
vote
■
interview wltl
■
s not 1
should
to dis
■
■ • • • of his
. g ■
tran ■■ - the tndlmen are '
■
ked next
■
And they are .to be pitied. There is not
on earth r. more uncomfortable being
than the Oakland Councilman.' He Is
frightened to call his. soul his own for
roar xarr.e element may lay political claim
to it. He may talk UH doomsday about
his freedom from pledges and his inde
; endence; and the dear public may be
>-ve him. but not the close friend or the
fellow politician who helps him to frame
a platform or capture a certain interest
or play to a particular part of the gal-
Ury— anvthing to make votes-. It is a dif
ficult matter to carry the liquor vote on
<>ne shoulder and the church support on
the other, and this is why there is much
perturbation regarding the meeting next
Monday. ,v-c : :
It is not easy to vote oh liquor licenses
and to avoid a brush. The present Coun
cil ran be easily analyzed. Mr. Barstow
;s a devout churchman and was elected
largely by that "element. He is opposed
to saloons. Mr. Mott is in b-uslness and
is as devoid of sentiment as a Chinaman
is of the fear of "death. He looks at the
matter from a purely business- standpoint.
Mr. Taylor and Mr. Meese share Mott's
views, and Mr. Cuvellier deserves sym
pathy. His business might be supposed
*o prevent him ever antagonizing a sa
loon keeper, but this doe? not appear to
:iff«-ct his judgment. Messrs. a hafer
and Kr.imm are. under no obligations to
the ref' rra party and are perhaps the two
most comfortable men in th£ eleven. Mr.
Girard has openly declared against the
renewal of this special licer.«e: sw has Mr.
Upton and Mr. Stetson. The' two last
named are San Francisco business men
and have nothing to gain or lose outside
of pprp<inal standing by their votes.
■These mm will tiara to - ote and "ex
CRIME ON HIGH
SEAS MAY BE
INVESTIGATED
Local Coroner May
Take Action.
CAPTAIN HENRY MURDERED
ACCUSED MATE MAY BE IN
BROOKLYN BASIN.
Sensational Details of the Eventful
and Bloody Voyage of the
Cyrus Wakefleld to
This Ctiy.
Coroner Hill of this city may cause an
Investigation as to the manner o-f the
.: tmlß Henry of the Cyrus
Waked have the body taken to the
rgue, where an autopsy wiU be
i:inounced
■ . : pursue last ev<
but d< - ye a conferenc-
.\ h.teh will take
ijr. The evidence of murder
rs loosen their
me graphic accounts are !
i of the eventful voyage of the
.
The carpenter on the Cyrus "Wakefield
has the hammer with which Stewart Vl
figa says Mate Williamson killed Captain
Henry. The tool is stained with what
looks Ilk* rust, but the carpenter and
Btf-ward assert It is blood. After the mate
came down from the after house with
the hammer in his hand he went into his
room. After th« captain had been laid
out in his bed dead Second Mate John
. son vent to Williamson to go into the
room with him and help him light the
candles. "The mate was scared to death,"
said the carpenter, •'and he would not
look on Che face of Captain Henry
"The captain's brother-in-law brought
me back my hammer the da.y after th«
captain died. -As he was taking it out
of the mate's room -Mr. Williamson said,
•Here, let me look at that.' He examined
the hammer closely, and' saying "It's a bit
rOsty, isn't it?' handed lt back to the boy
arid said, 'Take it forward.' ; After Cap
tain Henry died. the mate wanted to run
the Ship back to Montevideo arid bury the
tody at sea, but the second mate wouldn't
have it, so we put into Port Stanley.
"The ship was In a bail way. One pump
was choked and the other was damaged.
was leaking badly, and it was a pre
■ -"fiterous idea to run back to Montevideo.
u> made Stanley all right, and then the
mate and five men left, the ship and we
pot otht»r m.en from the John H. Kelly to
take their places.- Captain Henry's body
: aboard; and his- skull will snow whether
f' was killed with a hammer or not."
Mate Johnson la still' aboard the Cyrus
V. ikefleld, and while he is not very posi
tive, still ho. thinks Captain Henry was
killed by being washed off the after
i' r se. He was- forward at the time and
could not see what took, place. When
asl-.-d about the stories teld by the stew
ard and carpenter, he said they were
Fal! rs" yarns, but when pressed for a
Ftr::-jrhtforward opinion he refused to
Rlv»- it, saying he was no surgeon, and
that when he first saw the captain's body
It was floating around in the waist of the
chip.
Sonif of the crew of the Wakefleld were
aroun '. the front yesterday, and they say
there was nearly another fight after Cap
tain Henry's death. Mate Williamson
wanted to go back to Montevideo and
Mate Johnson would not go. Words led'
to bio* a and Mate Johnson, pulling out a
NEWS
of the Bay Cities \
plain" their votes before a large lobby f
i in which will be powerful advocates on
both sides. Frequently these unlucky
eleven men have declared that it Is un- i
fair for puch powerful delegations to be \
Bent to listen to the recording of :
votes, but those objections are only made |
during 'he Intervals when the sufferer?
forget that they have frequently incited
i the voters to inspect the "open book" of i
their "records" and to do all sorts of :
! things to them if they "fell down." i
There may be much "hminr" In being j
i a City Councilman; but there are also
k many,, other thing
Rev. William Nat Friend, no longer i
! ••Billy," is sincere. During the wee"k he :
was mentioned as a very probable andi- i
j date for Assistant Postmaster an d he !
I was assured of the support of much Re- i
! publican strength: But Rev. William j
Nat FrieVl says "these things tempt mo
not." From the San Anselmo Seminary ,
he sends me the following letter:
"My dear Booth: With best wishes to j
my Pardee. Pondlnkey and league !
friends, I am, very truly, William Nat
All Varts of the letter are connected
; by arrows with the seminary letterhead. \
' showing '.hat "Billy" has Indeed gone :
'. and that Rev. William Nat Friend is •
' coming. I intend to hear him preach ;
i Ills Ilrst sermon, and It will be a good j
one. ' ;
But the great law of compensation can !
preserve the balance, even in Alameda |
County politics. The grenlal Mr. Friend, I
who has not an enemy— except, of course, |
■ the arch-enemy— ln the world, has quit j
• the treacherous shoals of politics for the j
■ pulpit, and Rev. Barton W. Perry has quit |
, the pulpit for politics and will soon leave
I San Ltandro for the nation's capita!.
: This is all the more astonishing in that j
Mr. Perry has helped to build a cannery j
I and a parsonage at San Leandi and he j
I will find neither at Washington. But Mr. I
; Perry Is not a man to be deterred by such j
: trifles. Once when he wanted to ride i
i through Great Britain on a wheel he ex- J
erclsed his Ingenuity and made the tour '
'■ as the guest of a noted cycling firm. He j
entertained a County Republican Conven- i
tion with as much ease and success as he j
could till his pulpit and • his celebrated
speech to the delegates at San Leandro
a year ago was no less a classic than the
Invocation with which he opened the last 1
Legislature; he conducted the editorial
department of the Occident as vigorously
as he represented the Pacillc Coast at the
Pan-Presbyterian Convention at Glasgow,
Scotland; he made as able l moderator as !
a canvasser for funds for the bonus fort
that apple dryer at San Leandro and if i
—but why go further? After he shall have !
been a Consul General or Minister Pleni- i
potentiary to somewhere, his life will be |
written and it will add a most interesting!
chapter to the history of the marvelous j
products of Alameda County. As secre- j
tary to Congressman Metcaif. Mr. Perry j
will undoubtedly achieve as marked a tri- '
urr.ph as on that more memorable occa- j
s!on when he provided and presided at the I
press dinner under the grape vines of the
historic Estudlllo House.
A Hay wards paper says:
"A chimney social will be given in the I
Congregational Church parlors Friday
; evening, November 24. Fourteen of Hay
i wards' best-known young men and wo
. men will be represented in the atrgrega- '
: tion of bachelors and bachelor maids and i
: will tell why they have remained in aln-
I gle blessedness; Admission will be 10
This is a calumny on the good sense
I and better taste of the young folk* of
; Haywards. The marriage records show i
! that the "best-known young men and i
women" are not soured" bachelors or de- I
I mure old maids who realize that their
! chances of matrimony have so complete
; ly gone up the flue that they deem it an
j honor to tell their "experience" to an :
'. audience, each human unit of which rep- |
i rt-sents 10 cents, except the writer of the I
: Item, who will. of course, be a deadhead, j
"Our Facing Slip," the very breezy >
said h» would blow the top of the
first man's head off that attempted to
wear ship.
At that time the Wakefleld was heading
for Port Stanley. The men aided with the
second mate, and Williamson gave in. At
Port Stanley the mate wanted the cap
tain's body buried, but Captain Chapman
who by this time had taken command of
the ship, had the remain? sealed up. and
brought them to San Francisco.
Mate Williamson, who 1? supposed to
have committed the murder, is now said
to be the chief oftVer of the four-n
ship Edward Sewall. .
loading In the Brooklyn ; for 8
Francisco. The Edwa B - i
>f the A- ■. 11, now Ii
■ sari Francisco.
CHRISTIANIZED CHINESE
DIE OF STARVATION
Floods Destroy Thousands of Homes
and Ruin the Cotton
Crop.
TACOMA, Nov. 12.— The steamer Saint
brings news that thousands of na
hristlans are dying from famine in
mg province, north of Yuyiao. The
land there is reclaimed from the sea by a
m of dykes and thickly populated.
Last summer this region was thrice vis
it<Hl by floods, destroying thousands of
homes and entirely ruining the cotton
crop.
The people are reduced to last extremi
ties, having long ago pawned their cloth-
Ing and bedding. Many have died of star
vation, and with approaching winter their
condition become w<r?~. The Central
China Presbyterian mission is appealing
- friends throughout the world for
these people.
RESULTS OF HURRICANE.
Damage Done Throughout Jamaica
Is Very Extensive.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Nov. 12.—Messen
:rom the storm-devastated districts
■ 'hat V." ( dnosday's hurricanewas the
most severe experienced in Jamaica for
many years. It raged for four hours
along the northern slopes and through the
parishes of St Thomas, St. Mary and
Portland, westward to Morant Bay on
the south and Lucca on the north coast,
jrins all cultivation and most of the
rty in its course, including 100,00
the Tnlied Fruit Company's banana trees,
conservatively eptimated. Port Antonio
• experienced serous damage to prop
erty.
Estimates agree that th« island's fruit
trade will require one year to recover. No
accounts of fatalities have yet been re
ceived.
Motorman Saves Nine Lives.
MILWAUKEE, \v:.« . Nov. 12.— William
Fram°r, a motorman, to-day saved the
liv^s of nine passengers by slicking to his
post and received injuries which may re
sult in his death. A train of freight cars
moved out from behind some buildings
Ju?t aa .Framer'B car was nearing the
crossing. The motorman reversed the cur
rent, but not soon enough, as the vesti
bule of the car was hit by the train and
ground to pieces. Framer was seriously
injured Internally.
Big Fire in Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 12.--Fire this even-
Ing in the seven-story Bradley block de
stroyed the upper two stories and caused
the other floors to be flooded with water,
causing an aggregate loss- of $100,000,
?har>d by the Sunshine Cloak and Suit
Company, Root & Mcßride Bros., whole
sale dry goods; Koran & Co., clothing;
Kohn Bros. & Keller, clothing, and a
branch .of the Beeman Chewing Gum
Company. '
Shot Through the Heart.
ST. JOHN, Nov. 12.— John Armstrong,
a clerk, son of ex-Police Sergeant
John Armstrong, was found dead in his
home to-day, shot through the heart. Mrs.
I-.ouvier. 30 years of age, who had
taking care of the rooms occupied
by Armstrong and her hasband, haa been
arrested. The woman said that Armstrong
had been boarding at her house, but that
he had moved because her husband ob
jected to him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
OAKLAND
JOSHUA BELL MAY BE
THE COMING "OTHELLO"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 90S Broadway, Nov. 12.
OAKLAND'S latest contribution to the stage may be an "Othello" por-
Joshua Bell, a youn« colored man of exceptionally bright
dramatic capabilities. The flr&t Btep toward the realization of Bell's
ambition will be taken next Thursday night, when he will make his
debut at the Did Dietz Oj i ise In the great Shakespearean tragedy. Bell.
- - <»und time during the past few years, while handling sacks of grain and
Miller & Butler's, to pursue his dran I es and has made
110 the special aim of his ambition. The late George Allen Watson.
drama:.. t< -.■ her and actor, who a few months ago committed suicide in San
ki a very deep interest in his ambitious pro
tege, .n amateur of considerable ability, has acted
as B< nd has directed the rehearsals.
Phillips will play lago to Bell's Othello. The other amateurs who will
take part In the ■■-: on Thursday night are as ft . yrs: Duke of Venice,
tano, Everett Nickerson; Bratano. Antonio, George Monk; Cassio,
lir; R derico, John McNeece; Gratiano, Barron Atkinson; L,oder
ico, Harry Weid^r; Desdemona, Miss Mamie Extel; Amelia, Miss Mabel Tur
ner.
Bell was reared in this city. He says if his debut proves successful— and
neither be nor those who know his talents express any duubts— he intends to
the road.
atlon coming- from the local post
office, has the following:
"There has gone abroad an impression
that the interesting reports of Oakland
Aiameda county affairs that appear
San Francisco morning papers are
confi- ' this coun
ty, and d" not appear in the main editions
of th - that go tn the interior,
States, to the Northwest
and to the Islands. If so. that is bad.
: : . irly hard on Stuart W.
■ ■ if The
Call, who, to the peril of hi? immortal
• • ■ _ ■ tgloua duties on Sun
day to get up a stunning report for Mon
morning."
This "impression" is no doubt general.
: . ■ rned it does
the past month The
Call sent all over the country nearly a
red columns oi news of Alameda
All that ie changed, as a rule,
■.■ i. o:" some news that is
Intel ■ an equal
- . < :i to news o:
This is partly ren-
Eact that the
pers have to cross the bay and
: id way wr.arf before the
fern s s for the day.
• without peril to my
.. r the foregoing of my re
ligious duties.
.\« a recent fnir at Haywards there was
atly no discrimination among: the
itrons who have not cail« i for
B. The committee has issued
: unclaimed articles:
■■ - raffled for the
- :ints' Church Fair remain
Vrchbishop's picture,
rayon portrait of Rev. Father
No. 101; picture of Pope Leo Kill.
dollar gold piece, No. 65;
[Iss M.-k' i vi r b tal le No
STUART W. }v n 'Til
Ljrman C. Parke Passes Away.
\D. Nov. a C. Parki
■:, last
rrom whl
years. He
Mich., agi
■
■
minl:.^- H- .s the last of the
w ;i nd
.gel.
Private Ryan Was Chagrined
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— While walking up
a stairway about noon to-day Jack Ryan,
aged 32 years, formerly a private in the
Ninth New York Regulars, accidentally
slipped and, falling, broke his nose and
sustained a ga«h over the left eye that re
EUGENIE BLAIR
MAKES A HIT AT
THE ALHAMBRA
"Lady of Quality" Is
Well Received.
PROMISES A SUCCESSFUL RUN
MUCH THAT IS SUOGBSITVE, BUT
LITTLE TO OFFEND.
The Cast Is a Strong One, the Stage
Settings Perfect and the Produc
tion One Deserving of
Commendation.
«
"A Lady of Quality," as produced last
night at the Alhambra. was decidedly a
hit. There is little about it with which to
find fault and much to commend. For a
first night the play went smoothly and
was flatteringly received. This dramati
zation of the well-known novel by Fran
ces Hodgson Burnett, promises to have
a successful run for the week that It Is
billed here. The company is a strong one,
the stage settings perfect. There are
some things that border on the suggestive
in the piece, but there is really nothing
at which the most delicate feeling can
take offense.
Eugenic Blair, as Clorinda Wlldairs. the
wild child of fortune, was decidedly
strong in her Interpretation of the part,
and William Bramwell, as Sir John Oxon,
the heavy villain of the play, won admir
ation for his acting while he earned con
demnation for the character he portrayed.
The act wh«»re Miss Blair, aa the heroine,
hounded by her persecutor, strikes him a
blow that results in his almost instant
death was realistic and thrilling. In this
act Miss Blair shows to the best advan
tage.
The play abounds In tragic situations
and no one who admires plays with plenty
of villainy, adverse fate and the triumph
of the right will regret seeing "A Lady
of Quality." The unly bad feature of the
performance is the inability of the cast
to accommodate its voices to the acous
tics of the Alhambra. but this is some
thing that will probably be remedied as
it becomes accustomed to the surronnd
ings.
FUN AT THE CALIFORNIA.
"What Happened to Jones" Delighted
a Laughter-Loving Audience.
'•What Happened to Jones" Is a rattling
gc>od comedy and in order to do it full ,
justice It must be played by a rattling
good company. From last night's per
formance one could easily see that but
half of the company was strong enough
to do Justice to this bright play, and this
half consisted of the male members,
headed by Harry Corson Clarke. He Is a :
clever comedian, who understands full well
the significance of humorous allusions
and from whose lips a clever bon-mot or
telling joke is doubly amusing. He is
quick, wide-awake and high up in his
work. In fact he Is a whole performance
in himself. But he cannot be the whole i
performance of "What Happened to
Jones" ail by himself, and here is where
he makes his mistake.
The women of the company are with
the exception of Carrol Marshall ama
teurish. Laura Crews has no idea of the
dashing Cissy and is altogether too sim
pering. The balance of the female cast
is entirely too slow for the performance.
The men are all well up in their work.
Scott Beaton did remarkably well a« Rev.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
quired several stitches sewed by Steward
crt at the Receiving- Hospital. Ry
an Was very much chagrined over his in
jury. "I went scathless through the din
ana firing during the war in Cuba," he
said, "and, oh, that I should live to see
the day when such a little slip on a stair
way should cause me so much pain and
injury-"'
Services at Oakland Churches.
i OAKLAND, Nov. n.— Rev. John S. Wal
i lace, ' S. N.. officiated at the
ices in St. Andrew's Episcopal Church
: this morning.
"Why po N t M ire M. n AtteiidChurch"
was Dr. Dille a
m>>n this morning' at the First at K.
: eh.
At the Second C< i aJ Church
\Vii:;ani Crowhurst
f the Twentieth Cen-
Mrs. S. M. 1. Henry, National Evangel
:' the W. • . T. C, latelj from Battle
ek, Mich., iddressed a meeting this
aften t the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
Rev. Dr. ■ stor of the First Pres
byterian Chui k,-ht on "A
l"r,i\ ■ : - ■ and announced
I the foli^wins sei I rmons to follow,
Sunday night during the remain
der it: "Brothi 'hrist's
Social [deal," "Songs of Tlianksgiving."
"A Bibli Without Inspiration," "Brother
hood—lts : ■ "A Christ w
, Deity." "S - - I Hop< 'hristi
•"Brotherhood- LI . 'ion."
The following b< rie's of lectures is an
i nounced at th.' Biarket-Stl
December 1. O. B. Smith.
"Btere< ptlcon Views In England, Scotland
land Ireland"; I irge Dickie,
"Japan"; January 12, X.-v. George C. K&
--! ams. D.1).. "The Value of a Principle In
National I 't"; January 80, Rev.
Mv Experience aa i F;ik- r
lary 80, Rev. < '. R. Brown,
D.D., "Constantinople and the Turks";
Man . Robert I D.D..
"Abraham
At the Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— At the Dewey
Theater, beginning to-morrow night. "The
Dark Continent." Oliver Byron's rive-act
melodrama, will be presented for one
week. The scenic effects will be elaborate
and the cast will comprise Landers* Ste
vens and the entire strength of the Grand
stock company.
"Mile. I-iti" comes to the Macdonough
Theater to-morrow and Tuesday evenings
with a record of nearly -20 nights In New
York. It is reputed to be a very fetching
comedy, in which Miss Pearl Evelyn, who
grew up in Oakland, appears prominently
in the cast.
Just a week from next Wednesday
Nance O'Neil will appear at the Macdon
ougrh Theater for rout-nights. ~- -
Antony O<>odl*y. The entertaining awk
wardness, which is a feature of this char
acter, was picturesquely emphasized by
him and in fact it wa.* the work of an
actor who might have had more experi
ence than Mr. S<»atr>n has so far enjoyed,
Daniel Halifax seems another man in this
piece and infuses a good deal of "ginger"
in his role. Willis >farks Is another actor
whose cleverness manifests Itself in a
splendid portrayal of a worried old man.
A? I said before the piece is alive with
good things, but Mr. Clarke will ere long
find that It does not pay to engage cheap
talent for a first-class play.
» • •
By the way. there will he another one of
(hurst's plays at the Columbia this
g. It is *a:<l to be just as c nappy
and ,is bright as Its colleague at the Call
■. Surely the lovers of laughter will
ample time to devote to the exercise
of their risibles.
ALFRED METZGER.
BOUND FOR MANILA.
Transport Garonne With Army Mules
Leaves Seattle.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 12 -The Gov
ernment transport Garonne, with a rargo
of 887 army mules for use in the Philip- !
pines, sailed for Manila to-night at 11
o'clock. The transport Victoria arrived
in port two hours earlier from Manila, !
which port she sailed from on October 14. j
The Victoria took a cargo of ill cavalry
bones from Tacoma and eight cavalry
men from this city. She landed 402 of the
animals safely in Manila. The Victoria j
brought four civilian passengers from the ;
Philippines and had a rough voyage. She 1
was much delayed by head winds.
To Be William's Host.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The Morning Post
understands that Emperor William, dur-
Ing hi? coming visit to England, will be
entertained by the Lord Mayor at the
Mansion House in the course of his atay ,
in London.
FREE PUBLIC LIBRARIES.
Organization of the System in Use
Now in Massachusetts.
The free public library movement In
the commonwealth of Massachusetts,
where the Idea found Its birth, now stands
very near completion, so far as Its uni
versal extension Is concerned. There are
now only seven towns In that State that
are without free library privileges, and
these comprise less than one-half per cent
of the population. In the free libraries of
Massachusetts there are now 3.750,<>"0 vol
umes, with an annual circulation of 7,666,
--666, or over three volumes to every inhab
itant. The amount given for libraries and
library buildings In Massachusetts In the
shape of gifts and bequests reaches in
money alone to nearly $S,ihX),OOO. The value
of gifts in tho way of bonks, furniture,
pictures, sculpture, etc., would add enor
mously to this amount. Since the first
report of the Library Commission in Jan
uary, 1891, forty towns have been adorned
with new library buildings costing 11.355.
--000. These have mostly been gifts,
generally from Individuals, and their cost
has not unfavorably affected the tax rate.
Gifts and bequests in nine other towns
amounting to at least $40u,iXX) will event
ually be expended for such buildings, [n
five other towns new public buildings for
various uses, including free library ac
commodations, have been built by the
municipalities or given by private bene- ,
flcence. In the past year bequests and
gifts for public library purposes have
amounted to more than $2O.vXi). Certain
townships are so large in area and are so
made up of widely separate villages that
a central library would not accommodate
the public demand. Bamstable has there
fore six independent free libraries, and
Sutton has five. Willlamstown and the
city of Northampton have three each,
and each of fourteen others have two.
The city of Everett has twn fine public
library buildings erected by bequests and ,
gifts in separate sections of the place. !
Boston has ten branch libraries and sev
enteen stations— eleven of the latter with
deposits of books from the central library,
while five are reading moms and one 13
for delivery only.— Review of Reviews.
Lethargic.
Stubb— Are the people of this town
healthy?
Perm— Well, half the time they're In bed
Stubb-Ill?
Perm— No: sleep.
B^ 1 1 a
<y a
JOSEPH KENNER
FINDS DEATH IN
A PRISON CELL
Sad End of an Old
Police Clerk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
&08 Broadway, November 12.
■ Joseph Kenner was found dead in a cell
1 at the City orison shortly before noon
to-day.
Death had come to Kenner very sud
j denly. An hour previously he had asked
a "trusty" for some matches, and only
j half an hour prior to his taking off he
I chatted througn the wicket with another
"trusty" and was seen smoking a pipe.
' When Acting Jailer Curtis went the
! rounds just before noon he called to Ken
j ncr, and, receiving no response, opened
i the cell door and found him lying on the
; floor. Dr. J. H. Todd was immediately
i summoned, but his services were not re
quired. The prisoner was dead.
It was at first supposed that Kenner
' had committed suicide, but a casual
i scrutiny disclosed no circumstances sup
porting that theory. His death is believed
to have been due to epilepsy, to which
Kenner was sometimes subject. The
body has been removed to the Morgue
and Coroner Mehrmann has ordered an
inquest, to be held to-morrow afternoon.
Kenner was a native of Rogersville,
Term.. aged 50 years, and his remarkable
downfall was entirely due to his insatl-
I able thirst for liquor. In the seventies
he was a bright, clever young politician
locally, a man of family, good connections
and a gentleman held in highest esteem.
In November, 1879, he was appointed Po
lice Clerk under the late Peter Pumyea.
Chief of Police at that time, and served
creditably until June, 188$ when he re
signed. He bad previously heM a re-
I sponsible position in the railway mail ser
vice.
Since his wife's death, several years
ago, Kenner's downfall began, and owing
to his convivial habits he spent very
much of his time in jail. About three
1 months ago he returned from a visit to
his son in Tennessee, where the latter is
: a paying teller in a bank. The son. it is
said, urged his father not to return to
California, but no Inducement offered
I stayed Kenner in his determination.
Just a week ago Kenner was released
j from the County Jail, where he had been
j sent by the Police Judge to serve thirty
| days in the hope that he might leave
j liquor alone. Last Monday he was again
! arrested and served three days in the
I City Prison. Last Friday morning- he was
I given his liberty. Yesterday morning
! Officer Kyte haled him to jail for the
i last time. Deceased has a sister residing
I in Temescal.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Nov. 12.— The Republican
Club of this city will hold its next month
ly meeting on the evening of Tuesday.
November 14. The meeting is to be held
in Golden Sheaf Hall on Addison street,
and an Interesting programme is being :
prepared for the occasion.
A n.reting of the Board of Trustees has
been called for to-morrow evening at S
o'clock In the Town Hall on Grove street. i
Stmck by a Steam Gauge.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Fred Hesse, a ma
chinist, aged 19 years, residing at 1312
Grove street, was treated at the Receiv
ing' Hospital to-day for an ugly scalp
wound, requiring several stitches." While
working on a rush job at the Oakland
Iron Works this morning a. steam gauge
fell and struck him on the head.
NERVE
Exhibited in a Request to the Gov-
ernment for Transportation.
Many novel propositions are received by
the Government officials here, but one
presented to Secretary Hitchcock to-day
by a citizen of Hungary eclipses all others
in this line. The Hungarian evidently
wishes to make a tour of the United
States at the expense of the Government,
and at the same time gather data for a
book, giving his impressions of America.
He has requested that transportation be
furnished him. his wife, five children and
two servants, from his home in Hungary
to the United States and return, so as to
enable him to inspect the unoccupied
lands cf this country for the purpose of
colonizing a number of his countrymen
here. This trip would involve a tour of
Idaho, Wyoming. Colorado. Kansas, Mon
tana. North and South Dakota and in
fact, almost every State in the Union,
and would be an extremely expensive
journey, as the Hungarian expects this
Government to defray all the expenses of
his family, in addition to which he is to
receive remuneration for his trouble.
The communication was referred to the
Commissioner of the Land Office for ac
tion. The proposition created some
amusement in the department, and of
course, the Government will not entertain
it for a moment. No reply has yet been
made to this proposition, but the Hun
garian will be informed there are too
many native Americans who would gladly
take a trip of this character at the ex
pense of the Government, without going
abroad to bestow favors of this kind.—
Washington Special Chicago Tribune.
Improving his Golf.
A man who has been arduously prac
tlclr.g golf, and who was making fair
progress, was very fond of playing with
women— especially in foursomes. One
day on starting on a round with a woman
he snld to his caddie, who happened to be
a good player: "Now. enddie, I want to
Improve my game. If you see me doing
anything wrong correct me, and give me
any hints you think necessary. The
caddie said he would, after two or
three bolea had been played (in which
the women had not distinguished them
selves) he called his employer aside and
whispered: "Mr. A., if you want to im
prove your golf, dinna play wV wimmen "
—London Tit-Bits.
No Threshing Machines.
"I think It would be a good plan to
send Willie up into the country for a
month." suggested Willies father. "He's
never been on a farm and It would be
rather a novel experience for him."
"No you don't interrupted Willie. "I've
heard all about the country, and I'm not
going anywhere where they have thrash
ing machines. It's bad enough when It's
done by hand."— Chicago Post.
What He Was Looking For.
Detroit Free Press.
His Wife — John dear. I have just been
reading about a place over in Japan where
women never speak.
John— What's the name of the town?
H!s Wife — Yunakawa,
John— l was wondering where Td better
sper.d my vacation. I'll buy a ticket for
that town to-morrow.
Thought It Economizing.
A beggar was coming out of a house,
when another beggar met him at the
garden gate and asked what chance there
was of getting anything.
"It is not worth while knocking," was
the reply. "The people are not up to
much. I have just had a peep through
the window and saw two ladles playing
on one piano."— Tit-Bits.
Not a Blow.
The woman had bought a new hat.
"This is a terrible blow," protested the
man. her husband.
"Why, it's only a poke," argued the
woman, with tears in her eyes.
As the shrewd reader will perhaps have
conjectured, the trouble here is that theso
two persons have different points of view
—Detroit Journal.
A Dull Scholar.
You fail to realize that Aguinaldo Is a
highly educated person," said the Filipino
sympathizer.
"Maybe: but he's exceedingly slow
about learning the most important lesson
of his life."— Washington Star.
MEN LOSE THEIR LIVES
IN THE RUSH FOR GOLD
Whalers Bring Grewsome Ru
mors From the North.
Many Dead Bodies on the Beach Between
Nome and Cape Prince of
Wales,
TWO steam whalers arrived yester- 1
day from the Arctic. Both made j
rood catches and the men were ju- !
bilant at the idea of once more j
reaching civilization. One of the j
vessels brought reports of probable
fatalities attending the rush to Cape
Yorke. All kinds of craft were heading \
for the new diggings, and many of the .
smaller vessels must have capsized, as '
bodies were being picked up along !
the beach between Nome .and Cape Prince ;
of Wales.
The steam whaler Kariuk left here in
March last, and during her cruise in the
Arctic the crew succeeded in taking seven
whales. Captain McGregor reports that
three days after leaving San Fran
John Conn-ay, the blacksmith, died fi\>m
alcoholism and was buried at sea. lie was
taken aboard the whaler drunk and v.as
not. discovered until the ship was well oft
shore. It was then too late to put back.
On September 16 Frank Mendes, a I
steerer, died in a fit. His boat's crew was
out chasing a whale, and ar'u v the animal
had bet^n struck it sounded. It came up
right under the boat and sent everybody
spinning into the air. For a few seconds
it rained human bodies, harpoons, lances,
guns, oars and stretchers and then the
other boats went to the rtccue. When
Mendes was picked up he was In a lit and
the boat started for the ship with him,
but he died before he could be got aboard.
The steam whaler Alexander brought in
16,006 pounds of whalebone, 132 fox skins,
3 bear skins, 75 reindeer skins, 'I') martin
skins and 15-j musk skins. Captain Tilton
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William L. Herllhey to Ellen I. Herlihey. i
lot on N line of Filbert street, 187:6 W of Lar- '■■
kin. W la by N 137:6; Jin.
Ellen I. Heriihey to Johanna M. Connor, !
same; ?10.
John, M. Manning to Alice Manning (wife of |
.1 M.); lot on SW corner of Filbert and Pierce
street?. \V 137:6, S 112:8, E X, X 50, E 112:5, I
N 62:6; gift. ;
Same to came, lot on SE corner of Devlsa- i
dero and Greenwich street?. E 54:8 by S 95:7; I
also lot on XW corner of Army and Diamond j
streets, N 29 by TV SO; also lot on SW corner ;
of Army and Diamond streets, W SO by 3 114; ■
gift.
Hibernia Savin*? and Loan Society to Maud
A. Glrvin, lot on S line of Clay street, 137:6
X of Walnut, E 30 by - L 27:514; $3350.
Susan G. Tevis to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
George H. and Lillian Davis to Hattie E.
Jones (wife of Francis H.), lot 01 E line of
Walnut street, ''■'•'■* X of Sacramento, X 2J
by E -7 v $10.-
Alfred W. and Josephine V Dennett to Mary
L. Wurm (wife of Theodore A.), lot on S line
of McAllister street. 225 W of Parker avenue,
W 25. a M v E B. X 93:6: $10.
Theodore A. Wurm to same, same: gift.
J. P. and Martha Lartig~ar. to James Eva
Estate (a corporation), let on N : corner of
Fifteenth and Howard streets, X SO by E 123;
no.
Favalia Peabody (Samson) (wife of Porter T )
to E. J. Vogel, lot on E line of Chattanooga
street, •.'• S of Twenty-third, S 25:6. E 117,
X 25, W 63. X 0:6. W 54; $10.
W. F. Sawyer to Alice M. Thayer (wife of.
j Edward J.), lot on X line of Elizabeth street,
161 E of Noe, E M by X 114; $10.
P. B. and Sada D. Cornwall to Santa Fe
Terminal Company of California, lot on X line
, of Bryant street. 91:8 W of Spear, W 45:10 by
X 137:6; 1100. ■ ' '
I H. and Hannah Jacobs, Henry C. and
Mollle C. Qeeford to Henry E. Bothln, undi
vided one-tenth Interest In lot on XW line of
Minna street, 217 SW of Second, being the XE
corner of New Montgomery and Minna streets,
X 80 by E 59:6; $10.
Thomas W. Katherine A.. Christian C. and
Lily A. Rivers to William W. Rednall. lot on
SW corner of Eighteenth (Solano) and Utah
streets. S 175 by W 100; $10.
, William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Cather
ine Moore, lot on W line of Vermont street,
225 X of Twentieth (Nap*), X 25 by W 100; $10.
Ellas H. and Hettie Jones to William Ross,
lot on E line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 125 S
of Point Lob ■ S BO by E 12«: $10.
Jennie Davis (Fisher) to Martha F. Black,
lot on W line of Thirteenth avenue, 75 S of I
Street. S 74 by W 120; $500.
Bessie M. Peake to James Haworth, lots 336
to 359, Gift Map 2; $10.
Minna Fahibusch (wife of William) to Clara
L. and Eva and Minna E. Eastwood, lot on
XW line of Point Lobos avenue, 230 W of
Capitol. W 25 by X 125, lot 9, block 6. Railroad
Homestead; gift.
Alameda County.
William H. and Frances McKinnon to Soren
Schmidt, lot on N line of Forty-third street,
190 W of Wet*, W 00 by N 100, being lot 23.
block 2068, Alden Tract at Temescal Oakland;
no.
Cathrina Zlegenbeln to Robert W. and Cath
erine L. Lewis, lot on E line of Adeline street
85 S of Tenth, S 30 by E 100, block 546, Oakland;
$10.
Hermann and Louisa Pund to Antonio C.
Lima and Antone Simmons, lot on W line of
Campbell street, 125 S of Pacific, S 25 by W 99:3,
being lot 24. block 430, Revised Map Gibbons
property at Oakland Point; $675.
Emma S. Relnhardt to Stephen A. Norman,
lot on NE line of East Twentieth street, 75
NW of Seventeenth avenue, NW 39 by NE 140,
being lot 9 and portion of lot 8, block 56, San
Antonio, East Oakland: $10.
George C. Mather to Livingston Jenks, lot on
BE line of Eleventh avenue, 82 NE of East Six
teenth st, NE 40, SE 104:4, SW 17:6, NW 41:8,
SW 22:6, NW 60:8 to beginning, block 88, Clin
ton (subject to two mortgages, first for $1000,
second for $500), to correct former deed, East
Oakland: $40.
Mary E. and Horace S. Beaton and Etta Mac
Hooe, wife of R. P., to Mariana Foster, lot on
SE corner of Addison and Sixth streets, E 50 by
S 100. being 48 feet of lot 1 and \V 2 feet of lot 2,
block 106. Sisterna Tract, Berkeley; $10.
James L. and Mary C Barker to John G.
Cooper, lot on S line of Ward street, 260 "W* of
Ellsworth W 40 by ? 134:6, being the W 15 feet
of lot 11 and E 25 feet of lot 10, block C. Map
of South Portion of Blake Estate in plat 69, Ro
V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $100.
Casper A. Renner to Maria Renner, undivided
half interest in lot 4, block 772, on Map of C. C.
Clay's subdivision of block 772 and fractional
blocks 718, 734, 747, 731,, 752, 753, 754 and 776,
Levy and Lane Tract; also all of block 1, same,
and all of lot 1. block 10, North Alameda Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Margaretha Schneider to Ivna Schneider, lot
on N line of Clinton avenue, 200 E of Chestnut
street, «E 50 by N 150, being lot 7, in W half
of block X, lands adjacent to Encir.al, Ala
meda: $10.
William H. High to Elizabeth A. Cordell.
lot I. block A. Knox Tract, adjacent to Hay
wards. Eden Township; $5.
W. I. and Josephine Brobeck to Nelson Pro
ro«t. lot on S line of McKee (or Sixty-first)
street. 137:8 W of Occidental, W 37:6 by S 135,
being the E one-half of lot 5 and W 12:6 of
lot 6, block P. Paradise Park. Oakland: $10.
Lewis C. and Lizzie J. Snyder to Stephen A.
Norman, lot on NE line of East Twentieth
street. 114 NW of Seventeenth avenue. NW 86
by NE 140. being lot* 5. 6, 7 and W 11 feet of
lot 8 block 5«. San Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to F. J. Solin
sky. lot on N line of Durant avenue, 130 E of
Fulton street, E 30 by N 130, being a portion of
lot 7. block IS, Property College Homestead As
sociation, Berkeley; $100.
Eva A. Smith to Margaret Wade, undivided
one-half interest in lot on W line of Fulton
street, 420 N of Dwight way. N 40 by W 150,
being a portion of lot 5, block 3. Property Cot
tage Homestead Association: $10.
Eleanor S. Chester and Ella M. Deerlng (by
Frank H. Brooks, attorney) to Axel Boyer. lot
on S lite of Prentiss avenue. 323 W of Peralta.
NW 50. SW 122.73. SE 50. NE 122.73, to begin
ning Brooklyn Township: $10.
Hermann Bremer to William J. and Llsette
Fredericks, lot on N line of Taylor avenue
l$0::Vi W of Sixth street. W 38 by N 100:2, Ala
meda; $10.
In at Last.
"So," said Mr. Packin^ton. "this Is
the list of the people you Intend to invite
t" your reception, la it?"
"Yes." his wife replied, "and I wish
you'd look over it and see If it's all ripht
If there are the names of any people in it
who have lost their money, just check'
them off. so I can omit them."
"Ah, um-utn! What's this? Why here
is the name of Mrs. John Ouzzleton You
goin' to Invite her to my house?"
"Of course, dear; haven't you heard?
They're in society now. Mr. Guzzletori
has sold his saloon and gone into
the wholesale liquor business. fi — Chicago
Times-Herald.
reports that on October 16 he was at Cape
i'iinct_- oi Vv aits. nev. .'■'... i_.opp, mission
ary to tne liiuiaiia, iota nini mat a small
rind of gold oaa oeen made at i ape Korkc.
'me. ritws hau reacueti Cape Nome some
tune be lore ±i:ton neard it, because on his
way down the Alexander passed open
boats, launenes. stnooners and almost
every conceivable kind of craft, all head
ing lor the new El Dorado. -Many of the
frail boats in...--, nave capsized, as it was
blowing hard at i the time and Captain,
Tilton was of the opinion that some of tho
open boats would surely swamp, ■ .V
number of bodies had been ' washed,
ashore at points along the beach before
the Alexander left Cape Prince of - Wales,
and the men on the whaler' think that
many more have been picked up- sine©
they 1- ft.
Tne rush to Cape Vorke is being made
at a very bad time of the year. Captain
Tilton thinks, however, the gold hunters
will be better off than if they had gone to
Nome. There ;s a reindeer station at -Cape
Prince of Wales and a Government supply
station, so the miners are not likely to
starve during the winter.
The Britisn bark East Indian arrived
from Newcastle, Australia, ■ yesterday,
after a fair passage of 74 days. She was
caught in several electrical storms, and as
the lightning: played hide and seek among
the yards some of the crew thought their
last day had come. The revenue cutter
Bear was also caught in a similar kind of
a storm, and several other ships have ex
perienced more thunder and lightning
than usual while at sea this last week or
so. Some shipmasters think that these
electrical storms are the forerunners of
the great shower of meteors expected in
a few days. • .. : -
O. Nilsen of 1023 Greenwich street was
badly injured yesterday. He was rolling
a big flywheel along the floor of the build
ing at 215 Bay street when it tipped on a
chip of wood. Nilson tried to prevent it
falling, but failed. The rim struck on the
point of hi? right fool nearly severing
the big and second toe?. He was hurried
t<-> the « Harbor Hospital, where Dr.
Thompson was compelled to amputate the
two mangled members.
Dr. "Wachendorf, who attempted to com
mit suicide last Saturday morning, is re
covering. He was removed yesterday aft
ernoon from the Harbor Hospital to the
City nd County Hospital.
OCEAN TBAVIX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
?W ■ Steamers leave Broadway
ECTfca-^ wharf, San Francisco:
1 E^ia^S'V cr Alaskan ports, 10 a.
i.^LWsp^ m - NOV - 2 - "'• 12 - 1T - Z -- V -
H\B£2\!al& Dec- 2 change at Seattle.
EftM^Gpi vil For Victoria. Vancouver
BK^hHLi (B. <"-■)■ Port Townsend. 3e-
i^^S^tti attle, Tacoma. Everett. An-
acortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a.m., Nov. 2. 7.
It. 17.. 22, 27: Dec. 2. and
every tilth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
I G N Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Not.
6. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30; Dec. 6. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harlord (Pan Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
Fan Pedro. East San Pedro (Loa Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. ni.. Nov. 4. 8. 11. 16. 20. 24. 23:
Dec 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m . Nov. I. 8. 10. 14, IS, 22, 26. 30; Dec. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maitatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain company**
The' company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
• t«* hnur« of supine. ;:"v:
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODA^L, FKHW^tCa^O^Agt^
TH! 8. R. & N. CO.
©ISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO •
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
IAnC $8 Second Class And Meals.
! COLVMBIA ' " ov - 9 - 13 - J '
: STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4. 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. • " .
\ E. C. WARD. General Agent.
• 630 Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS & g^ r , ntgnagnt ..
AMERICAN LINE.
KXWYOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDQS, PABH.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10- a. m.
St. Paul Nov. S St. Lou la .......Dec. 13
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul .......Deo. 17
St. Paul Dec. « New York Jan. 3
RED STAR. LINE.
New York and Antwero. .
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland ...... Nov. SI Kensington ....Nov. 29
Southward Nov. 15 Noordland Dec. 9
Westernland ...Nov. 22 Frlesland Dec 13
v- > EMPIRE LINE. ;'- >;'
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
■ SO Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies,....
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki an 1 Shanghai, arid-
connecting at Hongkong with . steamers for
India, etc. No cargo- received on board on day
of sailing. ;:;-'-: ■•■■ •". --•-.
NIPPON-MARL* : Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARtT., Thursday, Dec. M
HONGKONG-MART*. Tuesday. Jan. U
Via Honolulu. "" .
Round-trio tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's 'office,
421 Market str«»t. corner First. - - .
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPABNIE GENERAXE TRANSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ak '
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot'-^*fVr*
Eftturday. from November 2. 1899, at **-*
10 a. m. from Pier 42.- North River. f*-«t of
Morton it. LA OASCOGNK. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAONR. Oct Mr LA TOT*RAINE. Not.
t: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN'
DIE. Not. 1«: LA QABCOQrTB. Not. M: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. «0; LA RRFTAGNR. D««. 7.
First-class to Havre; f6o' and -upward: 5 p«»r
pent reduction on round trirv ■ Second-class t» !
Havre. 145: S per cent reduction on round' trip. "
GENERAL AGENCY FOR TTNTTED STATES
AND CANADA, a Broadway (Hudson build-
in*). New Tork. 3. F. FTJOA2I & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast A««nta. • Montgomery are.. ' Ba a
Pruetaeo.
fHVsIMMI ' The s 8. Australia
ifcilSllS! ""? for Honolulu
*^f***Wm Wedoesday. Nov. is.
%j^^V^\ 's" S Alame^a aalla
Srobmchin J " via ■ Honolulu and
CyiUnilJlllU'-' Auckland for Sydney .
<f)HIRf?W>" Wednesday, Nov. 19,
. • ' ■ • ' .at .8 p. m.
; Favorite Line Round the. World, via Hawaii.
" Samoa, New Zealand. "Australia, India. Sue.z.
England/etc; $810 first class.
J. 0. SfrXIECKELSa. BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7 Poot Pacific St c f^'»-' «•"— 9*2 «-.,t;,t st.
BAY AND HIVEK ST£Ail£K3.-
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thu-rs. and. Sat. at. "9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S.
p. m Landing and office,. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE > '-"• ••••••*•• ■•
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Third streets, open
Until I ■.•*!■>• n!«ht In the year.
BRAN' 'II OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner '"my: open until 9:80 p. in.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:50 p. in.
639 McAllister street; open until P:SO p.m. '
SIE Larkln street; open until, 9:3o p. m.
IMI Minion street; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth! op«n
until 9 p. m.
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10?6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Ftropt?; open until s p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, K. .j.
T., Golden Gate building, 63S Sutter st. "HBf*
—Special assembly THIS EVENING .at _J
I o'clock. The order of the TempJe will H '
b« conferred. All fraters are courte- ™
ously Invited. J. C CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal _|V_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. J^jf
M. M. degree. ' LJL_
■OCCIDENTAL Ixjdge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at,*^
. 7:30 o'clock. Lodce of Instruction. By iIL 3f
order of the W. M. . . ' V
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
Hermann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. m. •
—Called meeting THIS DAY (M"N- _/V_
' DAY). November 13. at 7:30' o'clock TtX
p. m. Decree 2. By order of the W. M. /^r A
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1<59. F. and A. M.— • •
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) jf\-
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second De- I\J^
gr«e. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. ' v
KING Solomon's Lndgo No. 260, F. and •
A. M 1833 Fillmore St.— First degree _f\_
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 'T\X,
o'clock. By order of the S. W. /V^
HARRY' BAEHR,. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Re<ru'.ar 'annual meeting of
the stockholder! of the Honolulu Sugar' Co-
mpany, will be held .it the 'oflice of the com-
pany. No. 527 Market ut., San Francisco. Cal..
on MONDAY, th» 2t>th day of November,
ISSS, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of fleeting a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as. may come
before the meeting. Transfer books wilt close
on Tuesday, November 14, 1-599, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H.i SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting -Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. No. 327 Market St.. San Francisco,
Cal.. en MONDAY, the 20th ' day of Novem-
ber, 1899. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a beard of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other : business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, November 14. 1599, at 3 o'clock'
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' Corpora-
tion will be held In the Assembly Hall of the
Mills buildin.tr, San Francieco. at 11 a. m..
WEDNESDAY, November 15, 1899. California
Wine Makfrs' ration.
By W. J. HOTCHKISS. Secretary. .
fcPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of the
Ftockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the office
of the company. SL'7 Market St.. in the City
and County of San Francisco.- State of Call-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the l?th day of No-
vember, IS! 1 ?, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of considering a proposition to disin-
corporate the company.
E H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn;- moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
JCOAH I. FLOOD. !»35 Market St.. cpp. Mason;
consultation free moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreck»ls building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, ?27 Market St., opp. Mason.
niCYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 128— United States Hotel ; rooms $1 B0
week up with board $5 60; suite for two with
board, Sl2: board. $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel, SO7 California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
•'BELORAYIA," Polk and Clay -Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. $45 up; single, $20.
ELLIB, 327— Elegant table board, home cooking.
neat and homelike. ?4 week.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 334— Large sunny room
with board for 2; bath.
HAVES, 461— Nicely furnished front room, with
or without board, In private family, by an
Eastern lady.
iTaS PALMAS. l<2o Market— Suite of 2 or 8
rms.; private; bath: sin. r:ns. ; board optional.
SUNNY, front room in small family, near
Eighteenth and Howard; 16; gas; bath; board
optional. Box 2444. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
<A~6COTCH lady wants the care of a little boy;
a good home. Apply 533 Shotwell st., but.
Nineteenth and Twentieth.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
able home for children. 531 A Castro st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission St.. near Third. i
BOOTS ANil SUOKS.
BOYS' shoes, splendid value, sizes 9 to UVi.-Eoc
Children's shoes, all styles, sizes, 8 to 11...
Ladles' lace or button, $1; men's shoes. ..sl 25
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Bdwy.
c =
BUSINESS CHANCES.
SuADY or gentleman wanted for an Interest In
well established, paying business. NATION-
AL INVESTMENT CO.. ---" Market, rm. 201.
SEVERAL good business chances In near-by
towns: you can get haH-lntereet In same- they
are all right and thoroughly staple; no bonus
required. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO..
527 Market St.. room 201.
£2000 TO Invest, with services; what can you
offer? NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.. 927
Market St.. room 201.
BTOCK boots and, shoes; good one; in near-by
town, Investigate this at once. NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO., 927 Market st. room 201.
PHOTOGRAPHIC business; one of the beet In
the State; this Is an up-to-date plant; old es- j
tablished; can bo bad cheap. NATIONAL I
INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market St., room 20L
BAR and billiard room in good paying hotel; no
competition; owner has other business; gst in-
formation on this one; sure if you want a
good thing. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO..
627 Market St., room 201.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange a business
of any kind you will do well to call upon us; j
we do not charge any commission unless we \
do business; you will always receive due cour-
tesy from experienced attendants. NATION- i
AL INVESTMENT CO., 927 Market, rm. 201. j
HARDWARE stock; have several good ones. ;
Call on the NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO..
927 Market st., ronm 201.
ROOMING house wanted for spot cash- cen-
trally located; call nt once. NATIONAL IN-
VESTMENT CO.. 927 Market st. room 201.
HAVE several parties from the Bast who want j
good openings. What have you? NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO., 827 Market St.. room 20L
CASH paid for staple merchandise. NATION- i
AL INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market, room 201.
ROAD house wanted; Sonoma Co. preferred
National Investment Co., '•2" Market, rm. 201. |
HAVE party who wishes to sell a hair Interest ':
In one of the best Investments in this section;
chance seldom offered. NATIONAL INVEST-
MENT CO.. 927 Market Bt.. room 201.
MANUFACTURING plant — You can get the !
whole or a half interest; cheap rent; will 1
etand close Investigation. NATIONAL IN- '
VESTMENT CO.. 527 Market st., room 201.
GROCERY etock— This !■ a good one; cheap !
rent; part) obliged to go East; bargain. Na- :
tional Investment Co., 927 Market st., rm. 201. '
RELIABLE man wanted to take half-Interest
In paying business; must be a hustler. Na- i
tional Investment Co., '■'-' Market st., rm. 201. 1
6ALOON wanted— Have spot cash. NATIONAL
; INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market St.. room 201.
|680 CREAMERY and delicacy, business; prin-
cipal street; large transient and regular trade;
low rent: Investigate. M. LESS, 765 Market. ;
; FRUIT and vegetable store: best part of
city; full value in sight; business speaks for
itself; a snap M LESS, 765 Market st.
tISOO— FURNITURE, carpet. stove; central; best
part city; nothing better: value in t>tock; im-
mense trade; trial. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$2. )0— PARTNER wanted in commission busi-
ness eßteb. many years; good business; must
be sober.' steady man. M. LESS. 765 Market, j
|175— RESTAURANT and bar; good location!
, paying place; rent only $10; good for man and I
Wife or two partners. M. LESS, 763 Market, j
BUSINESS CHANCES— Co»tlnned^
$4000— OLD established bakery and coffee par-
lors; In choicest location; doing a splendid
business; large outside trade: fullest inves-
tigation solicited. Call R. G. WILK_. 90*
Market at. '
HMO— SALOON near Market and Mason sts.;
large place: fine fixtures and well stocked;
Bide entrance and clubroorna. R. O. \Vl_iv_,
906 Market st.
A— s3Co- HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellis
6t- cheap rent; splendidly paying. Call R
G. WILKE. 906 Market Bt.
A _j6oo-BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 finely fur-
nished rooms; rent 536; first-class paying ;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market at.
A-5350- SALOON close to Wells-Fargo bid*. ;
doing' a good paying business; Vi LTVF V 8J 9 U 06
far your money. Call R. G. « ILlv_. jo*
Marliet St.
A— s9so- MILLINERY store across the bay; fine
stock' and good trade, with l«ase; rent $10; 2
living' rooms: sickness cause of Bale. R. G.
WILK-C. 906 Market St.
A— slooo— SALOON In wholesale district; establ.
years and doing a good paying business; no
night or Sunday work; rent $50. Call R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market ft.
JJOO— BRANCH bakery and stationery: Western
Addition, close to Bchoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; Blcknesj of owner cause
of fc_le; bargain. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
DAT saloon, established years; dally receipts
about $60: a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; Investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE. 806 Market st.
$1600— YOUNG men want well located saloon;
day and night trade. ALFA CO., 835 Market.
WANT to Invest about $500 In partnership In
paying restaurant. ALFA CO.. 935 Market »t.
BEST saloon la olty for the money; rood trade;
low rent. ALFA CO., 935 Market st.
PARTNER for tailoring business; well estab-
lished; small capital; partner retiring. ALFA ;
CO.. 985 Market st __________
BRANCH bakery and delloaoy; living rooms;
large trade; good location. ALFA CO., 935
Market st. •
RESTAURANT;, well located; low rent; good
trade; for sale cheap. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
$100— MAN to take- partner's place: light, ' gen- I
teel paying business. ALFA CO.. 935 Market. |
$100 PARTNER in paying saloon: good loca- ]
tion; day, night trade. ALFA CO.. 935 Markt.
GROCERT and bar; centrally located; bargain;
JIEO. COWING- _■ CO.. 955 Market st.
CIGAR store, fine location, at a bargain. Se«
COWING _ CO., 395 Market St.
BRANCH bakery and candy store; fine loca-
tion; bargain. COWING & CO., 996 Market.
DENTAL practice; 4 chairs; No. 1 location.
rooms and outfit: chance of lifetime; 24 years
established. COWING _ CO.. 995 Market st.
CANDY store; fine location: cause of saie de-
parture COWING & CO., 995 Market st. .'
GROCERY; good location; fine stock: must b«
sold this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop for sale
In the center of this city: reason, of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. SCHEU-
NERT. SI" Market .at.
WILL pay from $300 to $500 for a well-fitted
and paying cigar stand; leave particulars
with agents. RCHOTTLER & C 0... 632 Market.
$2cO — PARTNER wanted. Indoor business: pay
160 month each, yearly. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO,, TTT'-j Market st.
WOOD and coal yard; bargain: this day.
Mclaughlin & co., m\i Market st.
$250— BAKERY; receipts $16 day: all store
trade; genuine bargain. JONES, -865 Market.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar at Invoice;
two-thirds cash; balance on time. Inquire
box 302, Call office. . :
BOARDING and rooming house; good paying
business; must sell at once. Box 2475, Call.
NINTH,- I"6— $75; delicacies and liquor store;
party going to Europe-.
FOR' sale— Good fruit stand; 3 ltTln_ rooms;
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth St.
AN opportunity s3ooo Investment; none but a
practical business man need apply; a thor-
oughly established brokerage business: East-
ern staple for California, Oregon and Wash-
ington; same territory paid $3000 net profit In
1898; will pay $4000 for 1599 over and above ex-
penses; owner has Just acquired control for
the United States; will dispose of this terri-
tory In order to devote all time to Eastern
management: business growing rapidly. To
- meet principal address box 2428. Call.
$1600 FOR half interest In outside business
olearlnp from $4000 to $6000 year for the last
40 years; full Investigation can be had and
good reason riven for the transaction. Ad-
dress box 2464. Call.
$3200 — HOTEL, 60 rooms; richly furnished; good j
will; splendid business: grand location. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR pale at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale and .retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease If desired. _EO. MON-
NIER, 1161 Howard, bet Seventh and Eighth.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; prominent
street, near Market; owner has. other busi-
ness; will stand Investigation. Address box
2467, Call office. -I
FOR sale In a booming town; best paying hotel '
end bar; cheap; 30 miles from city; death in '
family. Address A. 8., PS Crockett.. Cal.
BRANCH bakery, notions, stationery, produce,
etc.; cheap rent; north of Market; clears $75
monthly; must sell. Box 970, Call office. *
$450 —AN established commission business,
clearing $18 a week; can be increased; w«rk
easy. Address box 2431, Call office.
$395— BARGAIN; corner saloon and lunch
house: good location; no agents. Inquire box
2429. Call office. .
$175— BRANCH bakery and notions, If sold
within 10 days; srood business. Address
Owner, box 2427. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
26 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. • 1401
Powell st.
PARTNER— or gent, small capital, to
I start a coffee and waffle house. Box 2240, Call.
SPLENDID offer In a good Invention to a man
of some means. 706 A Larkln st.
GOOD paying business and fixtures for *ale at
$250. Apply 706 Larkln st.
MAN wanted with $100; good business; no- ex- j
perience. 106 Eddy St., rooms 16-17.
BARBER shop; reasonable; first-class trade;
proper location; party going East.. 796 Gearv.
FOR — Blacksmith shop; cause of selling,
death of owner. Apply at 22 Cortland are.
FOR sale Saloon, restaurant and lodging-
house. 746 Fourth st., corner Berry.
$600— BRANCH bakery; dairy produce for sale.
Address box 2528, Call office.
CIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures. £01 California st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant In center of th» town
for .sale, cheap. Box 2904, Call office.
PRIVATE house; 16 rooms; 20 regular hoarders;
north of Market. Box 247, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S, 412 Sacramento Ht.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-Second and Ken-
: tucky st*. Open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements- and '
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- !
| lencia St. i
j CARRIAGES A.\D WAGONS^
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores: rockaway. 828 Harrison at.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, j
etc., cheap. EG AN ft SON. £117 Mission st.
i ion RET 3* 6econd-haml harness; wagons, carts,
; bnccies. pun-'-yR arrl horses. 1140 Fnlsom st.
CARPET BEATING AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- i
" beating Worka, 853-357 Tehama st.; tel. 8. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet boating Works. G. • H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Stli st.: tel. South 250.
' J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Cq.,
| «f.S Stevenson st. ; teL South 228: lowest rates.
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.; :
I tel. Main $94. \VALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth £t.; tel. Jessie 944.
i J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
| CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
i Gate aye.; tel - East 126 -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly j
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
! i7nltt*d. Ptntpg. postpaid, for $1 per year.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds" "and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College. .1422 Folsom •
free medical and surg. treatment: a to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
I G^R^E^wTiSllvs Agency^charr* un-
] les» euoce__fuU J&oom 810,. »27 Market st- i
THE SAIST FR AIS CISCO CALL,, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTSAyD S^IRITU^JLISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
Bhow you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost . or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
200 Turk St., near Jones. Home Sun, ana 1 eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings fl; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. LEBUS, the only true destiny reader,
brings separated lovers together, brings hap-
piness to married couples, gives advice con-
j cerning business matters, locates stolen prop-
I erty; ladles, 25c; gentlemen. 50c. 310 Turk st.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails- satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.; L., 250; G.. 60c._611H Eddy.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; .best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night, 8:15 sharp: sit-
' tings dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, nr. Grnwch,
YOUR future told by cards, 28c 102% Sixth st.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. i
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 5 7th st.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth et., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader: |
past, present, future. 28c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
i PROF. GEE, medium, sees and tells every-
| thing; 50c, $1; clr. every night. 250. 1038 Mkt.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent »latewriter,
I 330 Ellis St.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MRS. BURSH. 245 Fourth St.. Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonable.
j ARRlVED— Professor Haley; reads life, cradle
to grave, 50c, $1. 39 Turk, parlors 25 and 2«.
I MRS. C. J. MEYER. 355 McAllister: readings;
I tents daily, 10c; clr., Mon., Fri.. 250, 3-8 p. m.
j MME. BYBILLE— to grave; future hus-
I band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
! MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 26c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mlsalon.
' MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
■ ■sittings dally. 212>,4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 26c up. s. Fourth St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— -The Weekly Call;
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard. JlO. Key 652 Second
St., near Brannan.
! MANCHESTER, 83— New cottage; 4 rooms,
I yard and basement; $10. Key 350 Preclta aye.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 610 Cas-
tro st.
! SUNNY cottage. 4 rooms and bath: larga base-
ment; with or without barn. 919 Capp st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— To rent furnished cottage of about
6 rooms; city or adjoining. Box 2424, Call.
. DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 92
Market st, over Cafe ZJinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or- chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from 11 up: other fillings from fiOc;
badly- decayed teeth carefully treated and |
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit j
from J4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; fi.ee our flesh colored plates, thinner
arid stronger than rubber; warranted for 20 |
years; crown- and bridge work; teeth with- 1
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5;all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT.the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
. ket *t.,- cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bld^.. you can
. have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; .gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager. j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. to O'Farrell St.. ex- I
tracts and fills teeth palnlesslv by his won- j
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber cr flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no student?; guaranteed 12 years. •
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gate.'
VAN VROOM Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee. 10 years: lowest prices; 10
■operators; n.o students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work. and fillings a
specialty; all work- reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk rt.
MEYER— Deutscher Z"ah'narzt, 6 Turk", lst-class
work; prices revs.; gas; -crown & bridge work.
! OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., S graduate opera- |
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush; !
full set teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
■years. N. Y. Dentist?. !H>7 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, —.idles' Tailoring parlors:
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
DRESSES made; skirts, $125. MME. RAG-
OASSON, 1718 Lcavenworth' st.
i GEARY, £sS— Skirt making especially; eklrta
j from $1 75 up; suits from $5 up. ■
PARISIAN dressmaking, CB7 Geary; dresses
j ' made $6 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt.
■ i
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES., the leading business college, 723 Mar- i
ket St.. conducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
W. F. Ayres. Individual Instruction in short- j
hand, typing, English, penmanship and the
practical voucher . system of bookkeeping.
Life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St., 8. F. ;
practical courses .In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English I
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi- I
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable, to fill all de- j
mands for her .shorthand graduates and de-
6lres more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course this I
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO I
BUSINESS. COLLEGE. 1236. Market st. •
! ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining. \
mech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.; ,
.est. ISS4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, languages, etc.. for school-,
. and civil service: -thorough, practical; rea-
sonable. ■ Box 4711. Call. ; '■;
PRIVATE lessons; English branches; coaching,
telegraphing; 3 to 6 or 7 to 9 p. m. Box 2407.
Call office.. ■
j FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Filippe's
I Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.'
! LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and- night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S' mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new mepibers welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, gramma r, writing;
•day and night: term* low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Slitter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— furnished
free. 655 Clay «t.; phone Davis 821.
! JAPANESE Information Bureau; Jnpan.?so and
j Chinese help. 421 Post; -phone Main 1986.
CHINESE end Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H OFarrell St.; tel.. East 426. ■
I JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds 1
.help. CEP OAKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Orant 56. \
: EMPLOYMENT XV ANTED — FEMALE.
1 COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper; city or. country;
best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutler st.
I FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
[ tion; also tlrst-class Swedish cook; best refer-
■ ences: city or country. MISS H. CULLJi
NAN, 323 Sutler st. ; phone Main 651. . . '
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires situation at
housework or second work. MISS CULLEN,
325 Slitter st. ' ' / •
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country. MlijS
CULLEN,. 225 Putter st. ■• •
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, with years' ref-
erences: understands 'all branches. MRS.
NORTON, 813 Sutter ft.
WANTED experienced, competent nurse,
entire charge of Infant; best of -references;
speaks French, German; wages $25. 1350
Jackson st., cor. Hyde. . •
GOOD woman to do general. housework: good
I cook and laundress: willing and obliging. 227
I Minna st.
POSITION to do general housework. 117 Polk
, *t, bakery. v- *•:■-;■' ■.-:,..-.- :-■_*■.
/. • . . •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WASHING or housecleaning by the day want-
ed by a reliable and capable woman; $1 and
car fare. 917 Natoma Bt., bet. Tenth and
Eleventh.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation as
nurse; would assist with other work; good
reference. 619 O'Farrell st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do
cooking and downstairs work; references. Ap-
ply 20 Willow aye.. off Larkin st. .
SWEDISH woman wishes to do general house-
work; is a good cook. 5 Rausch St., off How-
ard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. Address 995 Market.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation t*
cook for 5 or 6 adults, or to do sewing and
assist housework in family; has good refer-
ences; call for 3 days. Address 2110 Hyde st.
MISSION, 1089— Plain sewing and children's
clothes made; reasonable.
AN elderly woman wishes light housework In
small family in city; good home; small wages.
Address F. BROWN, Thirty-first aye., corner
Clement st. - ■■■■ -V -
YOUNG woman with a child 6 years old
wants situation as housekeeper In or near the
city. Call or address MRS. NORA MILLER,
712 Van Ness aye.. city. ,
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, accustomed to
best trade, designer and perfect fitter, desires
to work by the day in families; fitting guar-
anteed. Box 2466. Call office.
WANTED— A situation na first-class cook or
■ housework: good reference. Box 2466, Call.
GERMAN woman would like to do housework
and take car* of children for widower or wait
on Invalid lady; German family preferred;
wages 114. Call at 49 Ivy aye.
RESPECTABLE temperance woman wants
dishwashing where she may have her boy of
12 with her; hotel or restaurant. Address
MRS. CLARA, Berkeley.
RELIABLE woman for general housework and
plain cooking or day work; no objection to
across the bay- good reference. Apply IEID
Grove et.. bet. Baker and Lyon.
WANTED — By respectable young woman, po-
sition as housekeeper; Is first-class in every
respect. Address 827 O'Farrell st.
DISTINGUISHED Italian lady and daughter,
speaking English, of correct manners and
habits, wish employment as companion to
lady or children or chambermaids. Address
box 1801, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
lencia St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
SITUATION wanted by a practical farmer as
superintendent; thoroughly understands vine-
yard, fruit and farming in all branches; com-
petent to handle large crew of men. Address
box 2907. Call office.
GARDENER; good propagator and general gar-
dener; can run . gasoline engine, do coach-
man's or any stable work: references; desires
situation private place. Box 301. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German, handy with carpen-
ters' and blacksmiths'' tools, has run different
engines, wishes employment. Address F. T..
Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton Bt. ■
MAN, 26 wishes position at any kind of light
work; steady preferred. WM. BENSON. 343
Jessie st.
YOUNG man, S4 desires situation In any
capacity. "G. CLARK, 573 Harrison st.
YOUNG man would like Job in furniture fac-
tory. Box 2472,' Call office.-
A — A— OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for Information leading to" per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter In wholesale house
or score; understands the care of horses and I
If handy with tools. Box 2870, Call.
WANTED— Position on ranch by competent all-
round man: handy with tools. Address box
2441. Call office.
YOUNG man. Just come from the East, wishes
good position; best of references. Address
PH. BCHMXTT, 150 Fourth St.
RELIABLE man, good worker, understands
care of horses, good driver, can milk, good
reference, wants situation private place; city
or Alameda preferred. I. M., 405 Minna st.
COACHMAN— Competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches. Al ref-
erences, desires situation. As to qualification
address C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
YOUNG man wants a position as porter or
Janitor In the city or country; good refer-
ences. Box 2463, Call.
RELIABLE, sober man wants situation as
coachman or man about place; understands
care of all domestic animals and fowls; good i
gardener and driver; good references. Ad-
dress J. W.. 417 Powell st.
MAN handy with tools wishes situation as
watchman or Janitor. Box 2460, Call office.
WANTED — wide line fur grocery, hard-
ware or furniture store in California, by ex-
perienced traveler with established trade.
Address box 2425. Call.
YOUNG man. 22 years of age, wants position
In wholesale or retail grocery; experienced;
can furnish security. {Address J. W. T.. 109
Taylor st., room 4.
STEADY, Industrious young man wishes work
of any kind; strictly sober: best kind of ref- j
erences. Address E. E... 400 Capp St.
YOUNG man. Just come from the East, wishes j
good position; best of reference. Address
PH. SCHMITT. 650 Fourth St. ■
YOUNG man wishes work of any kind; steady
and reliable. Address E. N., 415 First st.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like to manage
or work In first-class shop. Address box
2409. Call ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ■
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH' office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st- .
' EXCHANGE.
$5000 — FOR sale or exchange; good city lnoonie
business property; will take flats or cottage
in the Mission. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777^
Market st.
GOOD rentlnt Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German, expert optician.
1071' i Market St.. San Francisco: exam. free.
FINANCIAL.
SAVINGS bank depositors please call room 629,
Parrott building." In reference to rate of In- \
terest. . ' '
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner .flat: modern I
improvemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate. [
FLAT, hunting made easy with the printed j
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL. |
10 Montgomery St.
LOWER flat of S rooms. 1310 Larktn St. Apply
at ISIS Larkln nt. "
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent reason-
wbl.e. 409 O' Fan-ell st.
McALLTSTER. 877— of 7 rooms and bath:
rent $22 60. ■
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14. 6
Dearborn Bt., off Sevenfoeth, nr Valencia.
SUNNY, new style flat. 7 rooms and bath: mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth st.
BUNNY bay-window flats, 7 rooms- and 2 klteh-
.ens each: first and second floors. 417V4 Third.
THIRTEENTH. 425— Sunny modern improved
six-room flat; reasonable.
3 FLATS of 5 rooms each: rent $12 and $11. Ap-
ply at premises, 439 Ivy aye.
6 LARGE sunny bay-window rooms. 728 Four-
teenth st.
$10— UPPER flat; four sunny rooms. V Gil-
bert st., near Seventh and Bryant.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1" pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO — FURNISHED.
GROVE, 818, near Fillmore — Handsome sunny-
flat,. 6 rooms, furnished or unfurnished: stable
If desired; references.
FLATS— Just completed: modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1933 O'Farrell st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED' Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
535 PAGE St.— For sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms; flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. Kins Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market, ,
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. payfl
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FUKRIKRs, FI'KS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30 ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of high-grade
agents. We want the best men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department, J. C. MURPHY,
29 Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.,
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
LADIES and gents to sell specially good Xmas
article. Address W. M. DIGHT, Mercer, Pa.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade. P. C. M. A., after 4 o'clock.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK. San Jose. $25; Oakland, $26;
Alameda. $25; Berkeley. $25: Arizona, $20 and
fare paid; San Mateo, $20; 2 housework girls,
Stockton, $25 and $20; Menlo Park, $25; Palo
Alto, $25; Modesto, $20; Merced, $20; Liver-
more, $20; Vallejo, $20: Fruitvale, $25. see
lady here Monday; 2 boarding house cooks. .
$40 and $30 each; hospital cook, $40: cook for
Institution, $35; 4 second girls, $25 and $20
each; waitress, Los Angeles, 2 In family. $J0:
24 housework girls, city and country. $25 and
$20 each: 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....Phone Grant 185
■'l-. Employment Agents.
1 waitresses, first-class country hotel, $20 and
free fare; hotel waitresses,- t Santa Clara
County, Monterey County; 3 waitresses, new
hotel, city; 20 waitresses, San Jose. $7 week;
chambermaid to wait, Humboldt County:
manglers. shaker-out, hotel, city; restaurant
waitresses, no Sunday work. $20; German and
» Swedish girls, $25, city and country; nurse-
girl, care of baby, with references. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
1 GERMAN cooks, city. $35 and $30; cook.
American family. $30; 6 restaurant waitresses,
$7. $6 and $5 per week; a. number of house- j
work girls, city and country, $30, $25 and *20; |
20 young girls to assist. $10 to $15. MISS' H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.. phone Main 651.
TWO second girls, $20 each; 2 cooks, $25 and
$30; nursegirl, $20; 6 housegirls, $25 each; 10
housegirls, $20 each: cook, Santa Clara, $30;
cook. $35; 2 institution cooks, $25 each. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat waitress for an institution,
near city, at $25 per month, with room, board
and washing. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
RESPECTABLE young woman for light house-
work in family of 2; good home 18 Lewis at.,
off Taylor, near Post.
WANTED— for cooking and general house-
work; 3 in family. Call between 10 and 1.
836 Union st.
FEMALE finishers on custom coats.- 106 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde St.
GIRL wanted for light housework and plain
cooking. 1046 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Young girl to work In restaurant.
268 First St., near Folsom.
WANTED— Young girl for housework. Call af-
ter 9 a. m. 2526 Howard St. .
WANTED— Lunch waitress. 107 Taylor St.; res-
taurant. V ..
WANTED— Wet nurse for a child 2 months old.
Call immediately. 3539 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— GirI to assist with children and
light housework. 1217 Webster st,
YOUNG girl to do general housework; need not
cook. Call at 1831 Eddy st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; no wash-
ing. Apply to 1012 Jackson st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $15.
2214 Webster st. near Clay.
NEAT girl for general housework: good cook;
ref.; wages $20; after 10 a. m. 937 Halght st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework. 1217
Greenwich St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
GIRL to assist In light housework. Apply 1404
Ellis Ft. ■ '
GIRL for general housework.. 3448 Twentieth
; St., cor. Capp.
APPRENTICE on coats; apply early. H.
DAVIS, 119 Russ st.
WOMAN to wash dishes. 6 Polk st
GIRL to do general housework, assist cooking.
Call at 249 Fourth St.. upstairs. .
GIRL for»general housework: sleep home; refer-
ences. 455 Fell st. _^ ._^_
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework;
■ wages $12 to $15. Call in afternoon after 3
' o'clock at 1330 Pierce St., near O'Farrell.
WANTED^Good hands to work on alterations;
cloaks and suits; only first-class need apply.
E. MESSAGER S cloak store. 145 Post St.
LADIES wanted throughout the State to sell
the Samson Corset Strengthened. Apply
SAMSON MFG. CO., 420 Montgomery, mi. 20.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Four girls for light upstairs work
and cooking. 530 Pacific st.
WANTED— First-class hands on skirts. SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER, 408 Sutter st.
$8 TO $10— Girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework. 2418 San Bruno road, cor. Silver.
LADIES to learn embroidery; something new
and profitable; classes formed. 70S Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. Ap-
ply 2116 Mason st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore »t.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Mau and wife, private family, $50:
5 finishing carpenters, $3 day; gardener and
wife, $45; 10 miners, $2 25 and $2 50 day; tlm-
berman for mine; • laborers for mines and
quarries, $2 day; laborers and teamsters for
railroad work, $1 day and board: farmers, $20
and $26; pruners. $20; choreboy for ranch,
$10 and found; also cook, company boarding
house, $40; cook- for Nevada, $50; German cook I
and wife, country hotel; oysterman, $8 week;
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO '...104 GEARY ST.
Hotel manager, single man preferred; cook
and assistant, small country hotel, $75: meat
' arid pastry conk, country hotel. $75; baker
and pastry cook, hotel, $40; cook, company
boarding house. $40: 2 waiters, country hotels,
$26: pastry man, $20: pot wasTler, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS for the Coast Road, free fare;
stonemasons. Coa.st Road,' $3 GO, a day. free [
fare; woodsmen. $26 to $35 and fare advanced: \
orchard farmers, $10 and found; farmers, $28
and board: man and wife for private place,
country. $40, see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. • . • • .
HEAD laundry man who can mark and dis-
tribute and Iron for a hand laundry, country
hotel: $3 > and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. • ■ . •
NURSE for an Institution, country. $30 and
found; apply to-day, Sunday, at 9:30 a. m.
• C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE for an institution; country: :$M and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— for delivery wagon in city; j
•young single man, $30, board, room, washing;
2 Portuguese, milkers,, near city, $30; sheep
herder, $2."> and board; 5 men to work about
mill and lumber yard, $20" and board.- fare ad-
vanced: 10 woodchoppers, good job: 2' miner*.
$35 and board; laborers; cook, country hotel,
$50; butcher, country hotel. $25; and others.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. •
— Gardener for gentleman's place in
country: 1 horse and- 1 cow; $25 per month
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
NOW — Barbers' home: free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
. with first-class help. 1205 Market st., near
Eighth; telephone South 51.. Wm. Hehereeht.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on. the coast. J. J. HEINZ
Employment. Secy., 630 Market, downstair*,
IJARKKRS' Progressive Union— Free employ'
■ ment. : H. Bernard, sec.: 104 7th; Mi .Ten.l* ISJ,
WANTED— men. for Cape Nome; muni have
$200 to $300; free passage. lt.>> «00, ( ail office,
FIRST-CLASS porter for bathroom! mull un
derstnnd shining shoes. Apply Palaca .Hotel
barber shop between 8 and 8:80 a. m,
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly ri am aged, half
price. 562 Mission nt.. bet. Ist and 3*l at*.
SOAPMAKER — Practical, first c las* worker
wanted. Address box 2471. Call. »'
MIDDLE-AGED German grocery . clerk. Call
between 12 and 1, 726 Folsom st.
GOOD shoemaker wanted at 70* .Van Meat
ftvenu*. • . . '
HELP WANTED—
T^S^TrirßEAD^7rT7!T?pliol?E~iLXlN^B4S
«i?i«»rt 130 and found, for a large sawmfll
&SSr. hours'-work:::::^^ 1 . 'g
work $1 75 day
Laborers and teamsters. R. R. w0rk..........
Rock and grading fc>reml l ' i - ;:**'helD
Orchard, farm and *,alry help .........
IS -teamster, and farm hands, $26 and $30
Orchard hands ;""..... $25 and $20
6 milkers ■•••••■ ••••'» « 2 o and found
Choreman, dairy «Vn tis-anfl »in
Choremen and b0y5...... *20. $15 and $10
Stablemen, buggy washers tV' d t v
10 laborers, quarry work ----V,uVM"ft'rHi wives
Farmers and wives milker^ arjrt wives
60 woodchoppers'and^ . mak , ei ?,V - p la v'Vt""
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WE PAY FARE SHIP MONDAY
W To th A e Y S a F wrnlns'and woods, north lab orers.
barkers, crosscut sawyers, edeermen, etc..
$26 to $40 and found; also iw'and' found
found, see boss here. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. ____-
GROCERY clerk; country mercahndise " tc «*
single man; references required; $.-.0. mun-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. -
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT HELP ...
Cake and pastry baker. Oregon $50 and fd.
Night cook, mine boarding house.. and fd.
Third cook, mine boarding house.. s& ' and fd.
S hotel and restaurant cooks, T3O to $60; fhort-
order cook and wait table.... ?» "»<*«*
Piano player, saloon, $30 porters, countrj.-
polishers, starchers and Ironers. country. «
waiters, $25 and $30; elevator boys, dishwash-
ers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay gt. ; _—
BARBERS wanted; first-class men .only, at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; in con- •
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bar.,
bers: letters referring to shops for sale; must
contain full particulars and stamp* envelope
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone (
South 61, WM. HABERECHT, manager. 1205 j
Market St., corner of Eighth, formerly of the j
Revere. Eureka, Humboldt Co., and Vallejo.
WANTED— Reliable man to keep plain ac-
counts and assist in light outside work; will
pay $16 per week; small capital required. 1032'
Market st, room 4. ' •
j BARBERS— Wanted, 6 good barbers: first-class
wages. Apply to J. BIANCHI, 2514 Green-
wich st., near Presidio.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. Apply, at
611 Laguna st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Corner of. Front and
Market sts. -i '.;-■:■-: ■ '" '
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st, bet Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher; $5 per week and
room. 28 First st ' - :
BOOTBLACK for barber shoD and to clean
bathrooms; 120 Geary st. . . .
WANTED— Man to cook for 4 or 5 men; wages
$10. Call 500 Halght st.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening.- Call 600 Haight st.
BEDMAKER at 62 Second St.; one with refer-
ence preferred.
ERRAND boy, well recommended. Shirt Store,
635 Valencia st.
BUSHELMAN and presser on military clothes
wanted B,t 2519 Greenwich st.
DISHWASHER wanted; call early. Restaurant,
1436 Turk st.
PLUMBER at 633 Mission st. Apply between
7 and 8. ' .
LUNCH waiter wanted at northeast corner of
•Howard and Beale sts. . .{:
WANTED — Good, steady man with small capi-
tal: satisfied with $2 a day. Call 79 Third st.
SIGN painter; steady Job for sober young man.
79 Third st. ■
YOUNG German man to help on cakes. 681'
Hayes st. 7 ":•:-' '.; : •'■.".
WANTED— waiter. Apply at 613 Clay st
BARBER shop: 2 chairs; finely located; up to
date and good-paying business; must sell ac-
count of sickness. 302 J Ft., Sacramento, Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare
for any civil service or census examination
without seeing our catalogue of information.
Sent free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
GOOD dishwasher wanted: wages $20 to $25
per month. 1300 Turk st. • ' .
ERRAND boy; well recommended. Shirt Store.'
£35 Valencia st • ■'■-■'■
WANTED— Good tailor on custom coats;
steady work. Please' inquire 233-235 Third st
COATMAKER to go to country; steady .work:
Call DETMER WOOLEN CO. 11 Sansome st.
MAN to do Janitor work for his. tuition at S.
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard St.
BUTCHER wanted; a young man for cutting
and route; "steady. Kentucky .Market, 1512
Kentucky st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2"c per night; $1 to $2 per week. 1 7 '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city; 406 McAllister
st.. near Polk.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO. attor-
— neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,-
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for- coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c,- 15c and 25c
per night. Lir.dell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market. st, below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a. night: $1 a week. v : :
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-,
ket; 700 rooms. 2.'c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9- p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.-
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. — Fop Sale
AUCTION Tuesday 11 o'clock. Ormonde Sale
Stable, 1517 Mission st, of 40 horses direct
from, the- country; all well broke. S WAT-
KINS, Auctioneer. .
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st
8. TV ATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
32. Sixth l xV : . auction sales even- Wednesday i
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. I
80 H J E * I \Hr nne draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market- st, between Twelfth and-
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
A WEEK'S hews for 6. cents— Weekly Call,
.If. pngps. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
KREDO & C0.................^..,.5jh Oearr at
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
14 rooms; good furniture; clears $100 .a month:
a bargain: for $1100.
$S5O-23 ROOMS; 1 block from Market; clears
$90 to $100 month.- KR'EDO & CO., 22*4 Geary.
$500— 11 ROOMS; hear Post: cheap rent; fine •
• house; clears $30. KREDO & CO.. 22H' Geary.'
$450—15 ROOMS; Grant aye.: fine transient:
good location: clears .$75. KREDO & CO.*
1800 11 ROOMS: Geary st. ; worth $500; must
sell; a snap. KREDO A CO.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA- '
SILE. 3 Eddy st.: new cash buyer daily.. ■
$200— WANTED, partner in good paying lodg-
ing house. .105 New Montgomery st.
BARGAIN: must be (.old; Philadelphia House,
421 Hnr.li st : r..,irn-<: 40 fur.; gay and water.
HOUSE'S TO LET.
a — IKINU i> iim hounas to let; send for
iMllsr ■• »l_ 1 mi.-:ix & CO.. 14 Montgomery. '
A, M,' m'r^'U >''>. 607 MARKET ST. 7~~
'iMM'KtQII, 1 FLATS.
I.'ihi n,,«.i««, 9 1 •s«<!.* 1513 pin*. 6 r.. ..;... .530 '
imi hunt*, I r,...>.JW ISM Howard. 6 r.....521 : -
'■' . 1. •..,.. ..1 I , 1.. IMI Post, 5 r $19
Hani Wilt . I r,..,«..»«S 9 Dykeman. 4 r.... $15
HOUMK limiting ntml* easy with the printed
tin you X ,.( from BALDWIN & HOWELL, ■
10 M.illtKHltinl v ft.
11l — it.ir; 1: of « rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 42S Fremont St., near Harrison.
•sl«— I>K BOOM, 22. off Second, near Brannan—
7 room* and bnth: newly papered and painted.
• ■' HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. lit Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Golden GaTe^Park7T^a^dc?Tta«7io'
Return to children's quarters; receive .reward'
LOST— Fox terrier dog; white, with. black head '
Return to 31S Capp st. ' ' . . ■ '
MATRIMONIAL. . 77 '.
ACQUAlNTANCE'Uniiteirigenryomi ladT^r
_ widow; object matrimony. Add. box. CaJl.
j - MEDICAL. • -. "■.'■.•' '
MRS DR. WTETH. ladles' 'cpftTuT
. tatlon free; home for patients In CQrlnement .
or with chronic diseases; suarante i treat-
ment at office,. $5. . 942 Post St., betw •• b Hydn
and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5, 7to 8. . . :
PRIVATE home for patients in confli -nent or
chronic diseases; with ■ best possih } car*,.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy. st:. h.:.-" Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12.. 2 1.0 4 and
P »^I^ AT . E confl nement home;- . sunny ' rooms;
hßth C^ C re ,i nice garden; me#tcat, . steam
«S S '*' !lf>3 - DR. and MR*. WEGBNER,
Phone Pine 2781: .res. 1312 Goiaen Gate- aye! •
UdlM> PraotlcaT physfclan for
*dw *mi« ii pn P^' Blo '*" with man's knowl-
vi f X*, J °: can ;f)e sent and used a home.
«8 Kearny; consultation free.
MR it' -£P*ih phystc!an, 1122 Mar-
trVatTT,»r,t et ; Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
. treatment at office, $5- hours 9a. m. to 0 p. m.
DR. WISE, th»' ladles' specialist. IliB Market
. St.; every catse guaranteed; {5 up.
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tlon free. .MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aVe.
DR - : c ' : w -°'nONNELL'.'the world-renowned
ladtes rpeclalist. 1023% Market st ... '.
MRP. DR - DA VIES.' ladies' physician. 1228
Market st. bet Taylor and Jones. . ' ■' '
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
■ eases of ■;.. human body. 115 Mason *t
MISCELLANEOUS~FOR '. SALE.
BOILERS, engines, '21-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, »5»15.7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters,, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 101'7-1019-IQ2I-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth.
1 .-BARS, counters, showcases, shelving,, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR sale; apply CALIFORNIA BARREL CO..
327' Market s-t.— l Corliss engine, 16-lnch diam-
eter .cylinder and 36-inch stroke, complete
withßrtlywheel-and driving pulley; all in good
running order. ■' . ■ .
THREE double- barreled : shotguns: English;
Lang-Gates); bargain. Call IS2 Sev-
enth st. after « p. m.
A 5-STONE o-pal ring; price $10; cost $35. UN-
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. -
SAFES and second. for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc The
■Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T» Carr." and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. S. R.
. CHURCH, 307 Sansome- St.; tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 sfeamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 60. BACIGALUPI,
™ Market st , San' Francisco. ■ •
FOR Christmas presents, call on.JAS. A. SOR-
ENSEN, reliable Jeweler,' 103 Sixth St., below
Mission. ' :• ;_■•
TWO-STORY new building to.' be removed on
account of Santa Fe depot. II Bryant st,
near Main. . \ •• ■'
FOR sale^Great Dane pups. .MRS. CREWE,
Channlng way, bet. Fourth and Fifth sts..
West Berkeley. .. .t
FULL-BLOOD'Djqulmau dog; 6 ■ months old.
Inquire 105 Juniper St., off Harrison, bet.
Tenth and Eleventh.- • • ■•
A— 60 DERBY and Fedora hats; $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330. kearny st.,; nr. Pine.
BOILERS, engines, drill- presses. planers, lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d hand. : J. BURKE, .139 Beale.
WHITE sewing machine; 6 drawers;, good
.as new. 1915 Mission St., near Fifteenth.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups; also
fine talking parrot. 156 Tehama' St., off Third.
CREAM of Irish setter blood; prices reason-
able. Glenmore Kennels, 2041 Linden, Oakland.
CLOSING out.of 300 new 1 and. 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213- Fourth st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
. boilers and engines. H. S. .White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents ' gear machinery, boilers,
■water pipe; new,2d-hand. 'Wh'ltelaw,2l6 Spear.
DESKS, office and card tables: desks repaired
'or exchanged; runs, bought. ' S« Stockton at.
DR. CRBELT'S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists.* Dog Hospital. -510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAgE C 0... 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants, $2 73: fine suit. $10. ' MISFIT
CLOTHING' PARLORS, 5.13 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. HIS Mission: tel. Jessie 1163.
. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS, 611
Union st. " '• •' '
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. ' ._
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a w.hole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
■ pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon' quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 D.onohoebldg. 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent; first,
. second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
■In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
.mortgages; confidential'; advice free; O. E.
OLSEN, room .16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS 'on .furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to . 1023 Mission St.. ' abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.: .
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel 'mort-
gages: estates In probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P.- A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, 'real estate in £ro-
tate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get- my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place, to ob-
tain .liberal advances on diahionds' and Jew-
elry at the lowest ' rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St."; telephone Mala- 1644;
branch 19 Third st. • • ■ •;•'.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd rn(srtgag-es, and on
furniture' or pianos; no removal;-any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture "and
pianos; . no .removal: low. rates.; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note .with-
out indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MQRRELL, 609. Examiner bldg.
AT 126 Kearny, room. 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches -dia-
monds. etc.: lowest rate's; ta*ke elevator. .
TO salaried men; without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F.; Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big..
$SCCd.TO loan on' furniture and pianos at 2 ocr
cent WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market .st '
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without jndorser. TOUSLEY. 43.0 Parrott big.
ALL propositions., -small ■or large;- salaries;
rents.. KLOTH. 22(T California st. ropm'T.
.A. RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10' Sixth.
$50 TO $50/000. lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortis ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, 'pianos; without removal" no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF L y ° U L Property^ is ' mort^aTedTand you need
more money, see H-. MURPHY. 6.".0 Market st.
l_ MI'SICAL INSTRUCTION.
PROF. X A K I A KA. the weU-known trnihortet.
will- give his services free for entertainments.
' Address box 2432. Call office.
' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
2S?ITrS 5? w . P^f* ''sP^ai^aieTpTanos'lefTat
MAUVAIS . 769 Market st. .
THE "' b ,est of the best" the- "Decker & Son"-
established In .ISO 6. Sold by .MAUVAIS 769
■ Market st. ■ ■ ■ . ..'•-.
"OLYMPIA" Music Boxes are bought by' peo-
&?To W £ <: U, Wan , th « best - ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St., sole agents*. _V
CLOSING .out allot of .second-hand- pianos on
x!'w a s^x- a L a " ctl °n prices; cheap for cash'
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market .st
.LARGE' stock' of Baldwin and other standard
' n C 3: H^VTTN C . c( 324V0T r reS e t rromPt ea -
r k¥EjF 3^s7l0 t i 9 S y a^ 8 r ce f n k^e^
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments. $5 75 up-
. rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 .Ellis.'
W iJ? - BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
. Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos. '
W BOB N p ED ~L*^ Uar * vi * ' BYRON MAU2T.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A casT e «*5% e fiell!n^SO^rupTi^hT^lan^r7o7lB
»nte n 1 i P * r month . *« ask you to lnvestl-
ITme £? .f PP )V t this method: prices are the
lr^orxt H TTh*H h *5 etl for all cash : bargains
r«, B^ »W'-nd-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
« per mo i ltn - SHERMAN. CLAY ' & co
fctelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Broadly, Oa^r- at>d Thlrteenth and
iUTELY the oldest nnd lagest. house
V9« f^'n. S r " KOHT.KR & CHASE'S,
ii ,t nJ 3 °, Farrell «.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
nnd prices; terms easy; price* lowest; every-
• Mng possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■
K t N^t?^ B2SP.°SS netv Bcale: new "tyles. KOH-
I.ER ft CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
A FIRST-CLASS Walnut Decker Piano, nearly
new. at. a bargain If sold soon. 1131 McAllis-
ter st.
24 NEW pianos to rent: $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO . sfin Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly " new; cheap.
HORN UNO. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
• Mc.Mllpfpr st . next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other piano*. SOS
Post st.
PUPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mi T.* "'; mnker. r^pntror. 2 i.i Mmm niac.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
SMALL store to let in the country; good loca-
tion for shoemaker. Inquire at 549 Devlsa-
(i*ro St., cor. McAllister.
TAYLOR. :i, near Market— 2 large stores In a
new building. Apply to 712 Guerrero s.t.
EMMA BPRECKELS building, 927 Market 9 t.-
Llcht, sunny offices, $12 so to $20 per month.
MARKET. 102m-Three large TOoTnsTluitabie'
for offices.
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
rh"ne Larkln I"''6 MRS. I.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in dressmaking establish-
ment; German preferred. SOl Ellis st. .
PERSONALS.
LADY, refined, desires to marry educated gen-
tleman from SO to 40. Box 550, Call. '
INFORMATION wanted concerning MARY .E.
JOHNSON of Peabody, Mass, Address JNO.
DURKIN, 56 Minna s=t.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of C. P. EL-
DER, height 5 feet l l = Inches, weight 150
pounds, brown hair, ha.*..-! eyes, wears glasses,
light mustache; postmasters take notice:
good news awaits him from his wife. MRS.
C. P. ELDER, 649 Howard ft., San Francisco.
LEDERER'S Quintonica restores health to the
hair. 35c bottle; Lederer 1 ? Foamo Shampoo has
no equal; 5c pkg. O. LEDERI 123 Stockton.
THERE Is but one Lederer, and his hairdress-
ine styles are the lenders: 230 only; fins
switches }1 up- beautiful light switches a
little higher. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 o; pants.
$»7B or overcoats. $12 50; made to oro>r;
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market St.. St. .Nicholas Horrel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter et.. Laws a Specialty.
Pan Francisco, Crl. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room"; Winchester
Hotel, ... rd St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
2."jC to !1 s') per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and bagsage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing. 25c: shampooing, 25c;
hairdre?slng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
]. a! Parlors, 1026 Market st., over Wonder.
Si FHILIS positively cured by a physician who
has made a specialty of this disease. Additss
box 2470. Call office. '
HOUSE painting in all' requirements : done
cheap. 20 Laurel place, near First and Harri-
son sts.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tun. en<; make-up and wig?; country orders s.;-
llcite.l. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Market t-t.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, jewelry.
clothing etc.. for amount leaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 I Mason.
PRIVATE detective; work at reasonable raies;
10 years' experience. J. 8., box 2 <!< !S, Call.
A KLEIN buys clothing-, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold; send for him. !'>!> Sixth st.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clMhlng.^ iLEMANjS. 808 Kearny.
VEST price for capt-off clothing and bric-a-
-i r.v-. H. marks, 2' l ? Third St.: sen*! post a.
JAMES A. SORENSEN. watchmaker and Jew-
eler,, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
SUIT? to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Sth.
DR~L. B WOOD; o>nyil work in all inches;
examination free Market st.. rms. 2 & 8.
PAINTING an.l raperhanglng; rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, SOB Sixth st.
MRS L. J. ■ HEELOCK has removed La Verite
parlors to 1140 Market st.: phone Foisom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, :*S Kearny St., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT. IKS Mission— Cancer oure «
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
lIIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists. grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddr ■t.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shoo; books bought,
fold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st., near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. ?e« S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal-
garment? ; also remodeling. 104 Kearny' st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. COHEN. 167 Third Ft.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: urnnrant'l. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE,
jew •:• 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The- Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper," for maiHng, $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt sen-Ice; country orders our specialty:
catalogue free, Cal. Camera C 0.. .22 Geary ft.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For cash customers, Richmond
lots; must be bargains. C. SV MOORE, 935
Market Ft., room 6. ■
SAL ESTATE CITV^-FOH SALK.
AT"*A~^r^PECK~&^so.'lß for good bargains.
♦mfiOO-^Ntw building; rents $10 000 yearly.
l 4 r, Grand investment; rents- $402.
«3f,'o<y>_Stores and flats; rents $3w.
fT-rtOh-Three 'flat* on lot 22x."6 feet; near Pow-
<ll M.: rents $18; all rented; -foreclosure _ •
114 ,-,flo— Three grand new fiats, rents til*.
JIVOOO-Oeary St., near-Mason; store and lodg-
ln fl4 l &o<£- < T ree elegant new flats, near. Mason
«.: rented for t142; an. estate; must sell
} 27 fv'O-Thr*; flats:, new; elegant; rents $100.
$12800-Store and nat«; lot 50-foot front; half
block from Taylor and Market. M«; rents $100.
$10 r/iO— New flats; very fine; rents $9a.
ISrr^_ MaKon . St. corner, with 7 flats; renting-
J 57200— Transfer corner; store and 2 flats; mort-
Fa »7noo— Three new flats'; rents about. *89; near
Powell an 1 Bush st».
$6W— l'ost ft.; 3 fiats; rents $60. -
$4100— Two e!<gant flats; ."utter St.; lot 27-foot
front: very cheap.
jocivw-nllfornia Pt .: I flats: rents $45.
$4500— filx nice flatc; near Sixth St. ; rents $46,
52' 00 Flats; rents $30. • • '
$2i... Two flats; Mission; 10 rooms; rents $20;
Jot OH feet. • . • „_
Other gains at A..M. SPECK & CO.'S, M 7
Market st^ * . •-' "' '
A GRAND OPPORTUNITY.
JOHANNIf BERO SPRINGS — An Ideal and
prosperous yummpr resort, consisting of 320
acres; 75 acres under cultivation. Including 40
. acres of .resistant vineyard: •large 8-story
winery, with machinery and cooperage;. Im-
provements consist of main building: plenty ■
of 1 to fi room cottages and tents, all fully I
furnished ami equipped for business; full
house every eenson; pays owner over 20 per- |
cent on Investment; books open for inspec-
tion; resort is located only 60 miles from San 1
Francisco, at the foot of Mount Veeder, 1-n
the midst of the Napa redwoods, 6 miles west
if Oakvllle railroad station; large lake; mm- 1
eral springs, beautiful canyons and scenery; i
this charming place was formerly owned by
Dr J. A. Bauer, and cost former owner over j
J30i0OO; must be rented or sold for a third of.
Its'cost. on account of immediate. departure of I
owner to Europe; capitalist's chance; an offer
wanted. For particulars and photographs in-
quire of A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
;340O_MODERN 5-room cottage on bltuniln!zcd
street; lot 25x130: also a large 7-room house
on Fierce St., near Haight; houses built to
j-ult purchaser: easy terms. Inquire on prem- i
fFen. F. NELSON, builder. " .
|900 FOR new house of 5 rooms- and lot COxIOO,
in Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month; lot arr<J house cost -$1200.. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bunlding.
SACRIFICE; must be sold; make an offer; new
3-room house and lot 26:9x100; . No. 356 Rich-
land aye.; cost $3000; less than $2000 will buy
it. RHADBURNE, Cl 6 Sacramento st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
*'«»t of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on v.\ J. OUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
*"I NS-St. flats and lot 25x1.17.:6; will be sold
v *ry cheap. Box 2459, Call office*
REAL ESTATE — CITY— -FOB SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4750.
Two nice sunny flats, near Haight and Scott
fits.; cost $5000 to build; 255100. -
$2000.
. Block south of the park. ': ■
$7000— PAYS $744 PER. ANNUM.
Nice location for renting. In the Mission;
street work all done; 89x96.. .
RENTS $312 PER ANNUM.
Pine *t.; 2 flats .and lot 25x137:6.
$4500.
Beautiful Pacific Heights residence; lot 84:4%
x127:?i4.
14000 RENTS ISM PER ANNUM.
Near Thirteenth and Valencia sts.: 2 substan-
tial flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 27:6 feet front.
$3000.
Cozy Mission home; modern: Eastlake resi-
dence of 7 rooms and both, etc!.; nice garden;-
Mission warm belt.
$4;OO— RENTS $426 PER ANNUM". .
Good Investment north of Market St.; 2 new
flats and lot near Fifteenth and Market sts.
$SOO EACH AND UPWARD-INSTALLMENT
LOTS.
Richmond lots. Tenth aye., C arid D stß.; ad-
jacent to the park; 25x120: $90 cash, $10 per
month. Interest at 7 per cent.
$12,500— RENTS $105. • .
Turk-st. business property; 5 flats; 26x137:1; a
short distance from Market St.
J67SO— RENTS $630 PER ANNUM.
Half cash; 3 nice new flats on Page st; 6, 6--
and £ rooms and bath-each; 23x95.
- $7000— RENTS 1652 PER ANNUM;
Choice business corner: 2 stores; with living
rooms, and flat of 6 rooms and.-bath; large lot.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city, at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our -"Real. Estate Rec-
ords." wTiTch contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
• ■ 14 Montgomery st •
PROBATE SMLE
AT AUCTION,
TUESDAY. NOV. 14.. 1899, AT. 12 O'CLOCK,
At Salesrooms of:-
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &. CO., Nob. 818-220
Montgomery st.. Mills building.
ESTATE. OF ELIJAH PRICE.
HARRISON -ST. FLATS.
9?2-952% Harrison st., northwest line. 83:6
northeast of Sixth Ft.; lot 2«:8xS0: 2 flats of 6
rooms each; rents $12 each; total, $24. >
MISSIQN-ST. STORE PROPERTY.
■2825-2825>4 Mission St., east line. 195 feet north j
of Twenty-fifth st. : lot 25x115 feet: store and 1
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rents, store $15, flat
$18; total $33. ;
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$1000— SEVEN- ACRE bearing orchard; lVt miles
from large railroad town: Ban Joaquln Coun-
ty; crop last season $500; only $250 cash re-
. quired. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market st. room 6.
HOMESTEAD abandonment; rare chance;
choice chicken- ranch; fruit location: living
stream; 1 mile railroad; Napa County; only
$300. Call 531. California Ft., room 1. ;
160 ACRES, Santa Clara County; part In fruit:
7-room house; bargain: $3500; terms- to suit.
J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market St.
2S ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137.
Vacaville.
. REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$;,W>— BARGAIN: 20 acres, part fruit, stock,
Implements; near Valley Springs; going to
Europe. $5000 — IS acres; all fruit; new build-
in)?!"; trees 6 years; St. Helena: for city, over
bay property. German-American, 34 Kearny.
SEVERAL good pieces of Eastern property.;-
what have you to offer? Some free and
•clear; Income. , National Investment Co., !'-7
Market st.. room 201."
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
REAL estate wanted. Nov. 12, I*W; have buyer
•for Email fruit ranch; give location an.] price.
National Investment '•■... 927 Market, rm. 201.'.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
CLAY. 2421, near.Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard: water: rear", rent .$7.
CLASSIFIED, advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st,
EDDY, 804 Two sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete' for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 Con-
necting, $18; also single, $5 to $7.
FULTON, 121*4— Two .sunny front furnished
housekeepine rooms; ' range; water: large,
yard; rent $10. • .
FULTON, -218, 'cor. Van Ness— Kitchen, bed-
room, yard; hot and -cold water; other rooms.
GEARY. 213— Nice rooms for light housekeep-
ing; terms reasonable; furnished or unfur-
nished: walk In: upstairs.
HOWARD. Furnished room and kitchen
for- housekeeping. [
HYDE, 408 — Newly furnished sunny front suite,
housekeeping rooms, $20; also other rooms. .
IVY aye., 234—3 rooms "furnished for housekeep-
ing; rent $9. . ; •
LANGTON, 25C4, bet. Harrison and Bryant— 3
nice furnished rooms far housekeeping; cellar;
private family.
LARKIN. Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month: central.
MISSION, 561.- near Second— Two rooms, fur-
nished fcr housekeeping; also single rooms?
che4p rent.
NOB, 153 — Two very pleasant rooms; modern;
upper flat: gas stove; $12.
O'FARRELL. 12«", near Powell— light rooms;
. $4. .Apply 15 Grant aye. .
POINT LOBOS aye.. ISl9— Two or three fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $3 or $10.
SACRAMENTO. 1514, bet. Hyde and Larkln— 2
elegantly furnished sunny front rooms; mod-
.em conveniences; light housekeep'g permitted.
SEVENTEENTH, 3739—3 or 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms to party'; $12 or $15.
SOUTH' PARK, 184—2 nicely.. furnished rooms
for housekeeping; very' convenient. -.
TEH A MA, 478, ■ near Sixth— slB; 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms, kitchen complete; or 3 furnished
rooms, Eame. $12. . ;
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; front, first floor; bath; gas. . . :.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window- rooms, complete; new- carpets.
VAN NESS, 400—3 large well furnished con-
necting rooms; sunny; fine yard, stationary-
tubs.
a BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 1096 Va-
lencla St. ' .- ■ .
ROOMS TO — I urn. find I nfnrn.
AN up-to-date 'new fireproof building— "San
Antonio";. Opened 0ct.. 14; electric elevator;
•hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14$ : Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week; and
■light housekeeping; open all night. .
AT- Hotel Francisco. Turk and" Taylor sts.—
Homelike .house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 50c to $1.50 day." MRS. -I KING.
ANTONIO, SH, It- Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far>
rell— Large, sunny, front room, $8; small
room, $5." . , ■ "V--:
A. ' 'BPWORTH"— CIean respectable; $1 25 to
$C per week: housekeeping.' 1037.^1 Market St.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old "No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished."
CARROLTON, ' 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
. aye. — Sunny corner; well furn; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200.Flllmore Ft.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. .
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $160 week up; elevator day and night.
PELL, yB, nr. .Market — 2 newly furnished
i 'rooms; running water; $S and $11. .
FOLSOM, — Two sunny connecting -rooms;
unfurnished. ' ■ * . . .
FOI.SOM. 1530— Furnished sunny alcove front
room for two, or housekeeping, '■
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
• window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
GEARY, 384— Sunny front room; furnished for
couple or : 2 gentlemen; $10.
GRAND SQUTHERN-rSoutheast cor. Seventh
and Mission -Sunny rooms., en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— Respectable
. family rooming-house; new and elegantly fur-
nished rooms; grates; running water; bath;
COc, 75c, $1, $1 60 per night; $2 50 to $7 per wk.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family,
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON; 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all latest improvements;
quiet home: $1 week up.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; ev<ry convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 829— Clean, respectable.- 25c to $1 per
night; from $1 per week to $.3; Howard-st car.
to the door. • ■ ■
HUGHES House, -214 Third— renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 BO to $3 per week.
HYDE, 1026, near California— Large front sunny
furnished room,' with- or without piano; $8. • i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOMDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn. j
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny back room, neatly 1
furnished; grate; $6 50. ■ - «
LEXINGTON aye.,- 152— Warm belt Mission;
sunny furnished room; bath; rent cheap. "
MASON.' 213%— Nicely >furnlFhed rooms; single
or en suite,; $1 '.0 per week up.
MCALLISTER. 702%— 3 nice rooms for house-
keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas.
MINNA. 807, corner Eightn— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 602, near Seventh— Nicely furnished
sunny front room for one or two persons.
NEW Arlington, 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
Ssc day up; $2 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 328— Large- sunny front room;
gas. grate, run, water; table for 2 gents.
TrtOSEDALE, 221 Bills, nr. Taylor— rooms;
-. Xc a night; $1 a week; transient..
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st. Incandescent !
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 36c to $100;' week, $2
F* $8; month, $S to 130; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot.- cold water: baths.
SEVENTH, ID2 (Girard House)— handsome
Bunny corner rooms as offices.
SHERMAN Apartment- House,- 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, fA, cor. Foisom— Two nice, sunny
front rooms, furnished, to let. '
TENTH. 136— Large front room for two gentle-
men. V;.y;^ ' ■
THE Oaks. H9 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK, 127— Nice, furnished front rooms,- $6 and
JS month; single room, $5. •_-
TURK, 529— Two ' furnished rooms, together or
. single; "$6. and $7:. bath. J^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ■ the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. •
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla St. . . : "
ROOMS WASTED.
' RESPECT woman wishes r«x>m in prl-
vate family: $4 month. 287 Natoma ft
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
• machine supplies. 145 Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
. painting done. Hnrtman Paint Co., 119 Third.
MASSAGE vapor, electric baths. PROF W.
RIEDL. 106 Eddy, form, at Highland Springs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.;
415 Montgomery st . rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
STORAGE AMJ WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH" Storage and Moving Co.
.Office. 401 Post cor Powell- tel Main 5713.-
STORES WANTED.
I SMALL store wanted for bakery and confec-
-1 tlonery.- Address M P.. 122 Howard st. .-
~ TO LEASE.
1 STORE to lease; Mission St.. bet. First and
". Second- lot 25x100: put In order to suit tenant.
J." TOMPKINSON'. 57 Minna st.
~ : WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: Guaranteed- i years. ■
The Roy Jewelry nnd Optical Co.. 640 Kear-iy.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
: ALAMEIJA REAL ESTATE.
. $13M— 1XVT 50x150, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath: stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$»f,(K-) — Lot 4 r ixll3; fine 2-s<t<try. house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be fold at once;
worth $4000.
12800— Lot 40x150. on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
roads, wlth fine, he-w modern cottage 7 rooms;
(500 oaph, balance $2."> per • nth.
$3350 — Lot .40xl"0; Morton St., near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant : new house of S rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
■let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park it.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
' Call, IS- pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one jeur for $1,
postage raid. ,
ALAMEIJA ROOMS AM) BOARD,
HOME for ladies in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKS. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COXY eittages with modern improvements; In-
stallments same as rent, from $8 50 upward.
• BENNETT. 2113 Stanford pi., Berkeley, stat'n.
$50 DOWN, $10 monthly, no Interest; comfort-
able S-room "house, with 2 lots. 3 blocks from
statfon and street cars; near University; 1
block from large factory. BENNETT. Berke-
ley station. •
FRUITyALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL - jTATB.
FOR rent — Six .acres orchard-; house 6 rooms,
bath: barn; chicken houses. 1055 Market-, S. P.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1000-1-1 HAVE for -sale 50 lots 2.*x123 as a whole;
this property Is worth $3000; the owner Is. In
absolute distress for the want of Lmmedlate
funds and Is ; sacrificing this . property that
she may. make an immediate, sale; the lots
command a magnificent view';- within 40 min-
utes of. the city; -has - railroad stations within -
-8 minutes* walk,: running water, etc.; call and
get full particulars. J. W. LAYMANCE, 636
Market St.. S. F.. 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
A BARGAIN— Lovely "9-room -house; best resi-
dence portion of Oakland; west of Broadway.;
lot. 51x120; Improved with choice flowers and
' shrubbery: house In perfect order; all modern"
.- conveniences; 1 block from electric cars; con-
venient to local to San .Francisco'; will Bell at
a sacrifice -on account of owner leaving Oak-
land. Inquire M.- L. .WURTB; Seventeenth
.and Broadway. Oakland.
MODERN.. nearly new, 2-story 9-room residence-
in Frultvale, at corner of Champion and Nicol
. aye.; only $200 cash, balance, to suit; house
open to-day. . . : ■ '
$1000— LOT.- 4-room house-, bath; " suitable • for
chicken ranch; Haley St.. East .Oakland; take
Highland Park car. • " .
CHEAPEST and beet In America— Weekly
• Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
tontaee paid. . .-
OAkLANIJ FIKMSHEn OOTTAtilg.
NICELY furnished 6-room cottage.- with piano I
-. to let for this winter to adult family; refer-
ence required. 931 Poplar st.. Oakland. i
OAKLAND ROOMS "AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms, -single or. en suite; board;- near
narrow gauge. 1427 Franklin st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Phellhaas. the
' furniture dealer, lit), and Franklin. Oakland.
San RAFAEL ADVERITSEM'TS
SAN KAFAEI. REAL KSTATK.
$1000— $12 50 PER month; & rooms; large lot;
■ plenty of .flowers . . . *
$13.'jO— per month; 7 rooms; close to Hotel
Rafael; excellent locality and large grounds;
• " will take lot part pay on either.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco, 222 .Sunsome St., room 2,
" ground floor. Also Frultvale" Station. •
DIVIDEND NOTICES. . •■• '•
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 3 (25c~per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany -will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, November 15. 1899. ; Transfer
books wilL close •on Thursday, November 9,
1899,. at 3 o'clock p. m. .
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. '•
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
'of San Francisco. State of California. In tha
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by. virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city, and county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed j
a verified application addressed to the Supe- ]
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California,- praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13, 1599, at 10
o'clock a. m., at thecourtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. in the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of said application. »
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and' affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October, 1599.
WM. A. I 'KANE, Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
rSeal.l
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death ' notices newt by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JONES— In this city. November 6. 1899, to the
wife of W. J. Jones, a son.
PROCTOR— In this city, November 12. 1899, to
the wife of Dr. D. A. Proctor, twin sons.
SCOTT— In this city, October 28, 1899, to the
wife of A. M. Scott, a son. •
__ MARRIED. 7
MCCARTHY In this city. Novem-
ber 12. 1899. at St. Francis Church, by the
Rev Father McMahon. Con- McCarthy of
.County Cork, Ireland and Mary O'Leary of
*San Francisco.
,':/■. DIED. : " "
Ames, Nicholas Mclaughlin Dr.M.A.
Blennerhassett, Mary McKay, John P.
Boell.- Charles L. -Mangan. Mary E. R.
' Cook. Julia Murphy, Dennis J.
Connor., Lilllfin F. Martin. Emma H.
•Deane, Esma L. Moore, Mrs. Mary M.
Grant, Peter Marshall. Ellen
Gomm (nee Cleary), Parke, Lyman C.
Theresa A .Rltter, Arina
Grossetta, Marietta Shupp, Bertha .
Baberlan, Margaret Steiner, Lena
. Lynch, Richard Turner, Jessie M.
Love, George P. Wilder, Mrs. Mary-
Wilson, Lizzie . • -. ;
AMES— In San Jose, November 12. 1899, Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Frances G. Ames,
and father of Mrs. R. A. Valencia, Joseph U. [
and N. C. Ames, a native of Lima, Peru, i
aged 75 years ! months and 2 days.
BLENNERHASSETT— In this city, November
11. 1899," Mary, beloved wife of the late John j
Blennrrhassett. mother of Richard J. Blenner- j
hasselt, and sister of Mrs. J. Hausman and J
Mrs. J. R. Hite. a native of Portsmouth, Va.
• (^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3 Lexington avenue, thence to Mis-
• Eton Dolores ' Church, where a requiem high ;
mart! will be heM for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock sharp.
BOELL- In this city. November 11. 1899.
Charles L. Boell, husband of M. Boell, and
father of Charles, Edward, Henry, Frank and i
Alfred Uoell, a native of Illinois, aged 57
years, ana * months. A member of General
G. O. Me,ide Pout, G. A. R.
tCTFuneral this day (Monday), at 1
o'clock. • from his late residence, 503 Green-
wich street >V' : .'.
ALL members of General Meade Post and
Corps are requested to attend- the funeral of
our late comrade. C. L. Boell.
W. S. SMALL, Post Commander.
COOK— In this city, November 12,. 1899, Julia, 1
beloved, wifft of Eugene Cook, and beloved '
mother of Julia, Eugenia and Lee Cook, a ;
native of England, aged 4:'. years.
CONNOR— In San Rafael. November 12, 1899.
Lillian Frances, beloved wife of William
Connor, mother of Arundel and William F.
Connor, anM daughter of Frank S, and Mary :
Walsh, a native of Jan Rafael, aged 23 years ,
11 months- and 16 days.
ICT'Friejiils and acquaintances are respect- !
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from her lute residence, thence to j
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem-mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10- o'clock. -:."-.-
DEANE— In Claremont, Alamedi County, No-
vember 10, 1899, l>ma Louise. 1 daughter of
"the late John and Rebecca F. 1 «ane.
EXFrtend> and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
■ this day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her mother, Claremont avenue,
Berkeley Interment- private. Friends from
San Francisco will leave on 9 o'clock broad- |
gauge boat and meet carriages . at Dwight i
way station, Berkeley, for residence.
GRANT— In this city, November 11. 1839, Peter,
infant son of Robert and Blanche F. Grant,
• Bgr»fi 8, months- — • ■
G' >MM (nee Cleary) — An anniversary requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
Of the soul of, Theresa Adelaide Gomm at St.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, to-morrow
(Tuesday) morning, at 9 o'clock. .Friends are
Invited to attend.
GROSSETTA— In this city, November 12, 1599.
Marietta, widow of the late Martin Grossetta.
a native of Stollvo, Austria, aged 78 years
and 12 .lays.
Fri"ndti and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from Gray's Under-
taking "Parlors, 64] Sacramento street, thence
to St. Brigld's Church,, corner of . Broadway
and Van Ness avenue, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose- 'of her soul, commencing at ' 9:30
lock. • ' : :.;'_..
HABERLAN— In West Berkeley. November 11,
1899, Margaret T., beloved wife of John
' Haberlan, and mother of Kittle, Maggie,
'Alice. John J. aand George T. Hnberlan. Mrs.
Charles F. Gllmartln and Mrs. H. E. Lyons,
a native of County Clare, Ireland.
{t~7"Fr!ends and ncqualntances are .respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday)- at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' 1410 Fifth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's ' Church. Berkeley, where a requiem
high mass will l*» celebrated for the reDOse
of her soul, commencing at in o'clock. Inter-
ment St. >jary's Cemetery, Oakland.
LYNCH— In -this city, November 11. Richard
. Lynch, -a native of County Cork, Ireland.
(E?"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. Ellis, 3218 Twenty-first
'street, thence to St. James Church for serv-
ices at 2 o'clock. Interment private in Mount
Calvary Cemetery. •
LOVE— In this city. November 12, 1899, George
D., youngest and beloved son of George and
Sophie Love, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month- arid 16 days.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, November 11, 1899,
Dr. Moses A. McLaughlin, late catitain of
Company D, Second Cavalry, California Vol-
unteers, husband -of Margaret McLaughlin,
• and father of Dr. Alfred," Maude, Ralph and
• Juantta Mclaughlin, a native of County An-
trim. Ireland.' (Oregon and New York papers
■ please copy.)
(TTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
' tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock,' from his late residence. 1540 Tenth
avenue, near Railroad avenue south. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers:
McKAYVIn Chicago, November. 8, 1899, John
P. McKay, beloved son of John N. and step-
son of Mary McKay., and beloved. brother of
Mrs. TV. C Moorman and William N. Me-.
Kay, aged 22 years and 20 days.
I Notice of funeral hereafter.
MANOAN— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated' for the repose- of the soul of Mary E.
R. Mancan at St. Michael's Church. Ocean
View. ' to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8 -o'clock,
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
MURPHY— In this city. November 12, 1899.
Dennis J., beloved husband of Hannah
Murphy, and father of Mamie E., Annie E.,
Albert and Joseph Murphy, a native of Bal-
lyvourriey. County Cork. Ireland, aged 57
• years. ' • .
C TFrlends and acquaintances are 'respect-:
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 141% Fair Oaks street, thence to. St.
James Church, wjiere a requiem' mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. November 12, 1899. Em-
ma H., beloved wife of William H. Martin,
a native' of Massachusetts, aged 45 years 3
months and IS days.
MOORE— In this city, November 12. 1599, Mrs.
Mary M. Moore, dearly beloved mother of
Estelle Moore and Mrs. A. Belmont, a native
of Indiana, aged 44 years.
MARSHALL— In Oakland, November 12, 1899,
• Ellen, beloved wife of Ephralm Charles Mar-
shall, mother of Charles, William and Ed-
ward Marshall, and sister of Bernard ' and
William (^unninsham. a native of County
Westmeatlv, Ireland, aged. 37 years.
• (C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
PARKE— In Oakland, November 11. 1599. Ly-
man C. Parke, a native of Pontiac, Mich.,
aged 65 years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 871 Adeline street. Oakland.'
RITTER— In this city, November 12, 1599, An-
na, beloved wife of Charles A. Rltter, aged
53 years and 10 months.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
are lying In state at the residence of her son,
William Rltter. 157 Sixth avenue, between
California and Sacramento streets.
SHUPP— this city, November 12, 1899, Ber-
tha Shupp, beloved mother of Mrs. Dr. G. W. i
Leek, Mrs. H. Stenla and R. E. Ehupp, a.
native of lowa, aged CO years. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagnn & Gallishor);
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and embalmsp.s.
'20 Fifth St.; opposite Lincoln .School. .
. Telephone South SO. •
S McflVOV & CO.,
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
] ' 1235 Market St., between Bth. and 9th.
I '. ' ' Telephone South 847.
STEINER— In Alameda, November 12. 1599.
Lena, wife of the late George Stelner, mother
o-f George and Edward Bauer and Mrs. F. I.
Pape, and stepmother of Jake and Annie
Steiner, aged 71 years.
CU"The funeml will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), ut 2 o'c!i>ck. from 1(146 Central
avenue. Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland. Friends invited.
TURNER— In this city. November 12, 1599. Jes-
sie Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of
William and Marcaret Turner, a native of
. San Francisco, ukcil 6 years S months and 18
days. (Chicago, 111., papers please copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funaral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at ?:. r ;n o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1122 Kearny street, corner of
Vallejo. Interment Laurel" Hill Cemetery.
WILHER— In this city, November 11. 1899. Mrs.
Mary Ann Wilder (nee rnsanriola), beloved
Wife of William P. Wilder, and mother of
Mrs. C. Baker, Mrs. William R. Elliot. Mrs.
Vincent Baraco. Mrs O. W, Granniss and
Miss L. M., Frank and Gussle IngaxKiola, a
native of Rblladelohia, ' aged 67 years 10
months and 5 days.
. We miss thee from our house, dear mother,
We miss thee from thy place;
A shadow o'er our life is cast;
\Ve miss the sunshine of thy face; '
We miss thy kind and willing hand,
■ Thy fond and earnest care,
Our home is dark without, dear mother.
We miss thee .everywhere.
HER CHILDREN.
[T^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral' services to-morrow 'Tues-
day), at I' o'clock, at the residence of her
dnushter. 1124 Bush street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric . car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets..
WILSON- In this city. November 11, 1899. Liz-
zie, beloved wife of -George Wilson, mother
of Mary F., Emily B., Sadie E. and Alice J.
Wilson, and sister of Mrs. D. Rekan and
Michael Fogerty, a native of Frankford,
KinKs County. Ireland, aged 42 years 10
months and it days.
C.^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her- late resi-
dence. 116 A Eighth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's church, where a requiem hi(rh mass
will be celebrated for the re»ose of her soul
nt 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C W Seaward, X V IT Clark, S Barbara
A Dlxnn, Mich hV A Coswcll, Sacto
S P Poland. 8 Jose W A Stuart. Sacto
C Dodge. Davis F Mattison, S Cruz
.G A I'etohmendy. USAiR Leonard, S Andreas
A A Oe Llgne, Saoto V. S Mainhart, Cal
C Li Cory, Berkeley V Woods Cal
R B Borland, Martinez W H Karl, Cal
G Pacheco. Ignacio i E Ferris, Cal
T J Rogers, Cal F J Hundsel, Cal
D D Wass, Cal J W Morrison, Alaska
P- Morse. San Diego ' . J W Evans & w, Minn
E H I)oak. Pittsburp !L Uwls A w, Sacto
M E Mormw PittsbTgiG W Curtis & w. Boat
A J Ptllsbury. Tulare- J W Pitts. Halifax
C.li Russell, Tulare C T Grant-/ & W, Napa
F TreskOW, Crockett F H Greene, Fresno
Dr Jacks. in. Cal IE Lathrop. Tulare
L Thompson, Vallejo H A Sherrill, Denver
Mrs V 1' Orvo'ly & son, F M Sanger, N V .
Walla Walla EH Clarke, chgo
H Hesse, N V W B Ambrose, Cal
O Heilbron A w. Sac' Miss M Ambrose. Cal
Mrs Huigh, S Rosa J D Gall, Stockton
W Martin. Cal R Simmons. S Jose
J M Davis, Cal C H White Jr. L Ang
E Wilson A w. Mo J McDonnell, Menlo
0 linigonier. U S N I W S Green. Colusa
Mrs L C Bowland Cal N M Heyman, Cal
W A Ho,,t. Sacto 'O V Ahlf. Colusa
C F Wyman. S Jose Q W Gibson. Cal
Mrs W C Bird, Boston R Mnran. Seattle ■
,\ Stewart. S Barbara: W F Ford. Cal
C P Wilson. Colusa G G Brooks, Colusa
PALACE HOTEL.
E X Butler. Chgo 18 W Curtis, Cal
W S Butler. Chgo J T Ariyon. N V
L B Adams. N V ;M.!ss Anynn. N V
J Ly..ns. Kunsas j F Slmonson, N J
J Beltrama, Menlo Mrs F Simonson, N J
J P Castleman, Ky H Jacoby. N J
O C Letter. Stanford |H Ottenberg. N V
w B Gerber, Baoto ■ w Bromweii. Cal
■• X Rlffga, Berkeley Miss V Carter, Cal
3 '■ Codman, Oakland' Miss E Blair Cal '
A R Bradford. Oakland E F MMholand. Cal
C C Beck. Oakland r> W Klrkland, Cal
Mrs C C Beck, ''akiand L Emery, Pa
A Ktiab, Cincinnati J E Monkonl. Mexico
; A Welnberg, Tacnma N del Moral. Mexico
F 8 Stimson. Seattle T F Wood, V S A
' N lvrerson. Dawson L Nallaeh, Salt Lake
I' Sheridan, Dawaon A Caliahan, Montana
S I! Lough; Dawson IS Bennett. Pittsburg
Mrs S H Lough & eh. Mrs S Bennett', Pa
Dawson ■ . Mrs ,i c Kaciialt, Pa
W Robbing, Chfro Master Macliali, Pa
J R Leonard. I'a A H Atherton, Boston
H Heasley. la Lt II A Ely, U S A
S M Newmark, L Ang T Hennessy, Alameda
E Mead, Cheyenne M F Sheehan. Dawson
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Fectjen. Rodeo IP Hanrahan, S Diego
, J Murray. X V H J Beard. Cal
W Fry, Nevada- , L J I>oußhtry,. Astoria
V Adams, r S A C Turner & w. Pa
i J B Ponlston,. England 3 D Wells. Stockton
: Mrs Merdrlck. Boston N CrOWley, Los Ang
• A Daly, Cloverdale B B Taylor & w. Peat
a Daly JTr, Cape Nora* B Pussnit & w. Cal
1 W .1 Tibbets & wv N V T R McQuillan. Cal
I ]> Mmliira, NY ' iJ Leault, Islet. ■
A E Hansen, Sacto
A native Maori chief, the descendant of
cannibal king's, is now completing his
medical education lii < 'hlcago.
Weather Report.
(12nth Meridian— Pacific Time:)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 12; 1899,' 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, . and rainfall In last twenty-four
•hours:
. • Last 24 This' Last
Stations— . hours, season, season.
Eureka - '0.00 8.73 -4.02
Red Bluff ... O.OS 4.84 0.91
Sacramento ...' 0.22 -5.82 1.00
San Francisco 0.29 -5.44 1.9.2
Fresno 0.04 2.50 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
Ban Luis Obispo 0.14 4.38 0.59
Los- Angeles 0.00 ■ 1.57 0.59
San Diego ■ 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yuma ; 0.00 O.OS 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65 degrees; minimum, 55: mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
• Cloudy and threatening weather prevails north
or the Tehaehapi and west of the 'Rocky Mount
ains, and scattered light showers have occurred
over this district during the day. Ofer the
southern portion of the' Pacific Slope clear
weather prevails.
The pressure has fallen along the California
and Oregon coasts during the last ewenty-four
hours, and the winds have shifted, to' easterly;
• this would indicate the approach of another
storm from the ocean. " • ' .
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary in nil districts.
■Conditions are favorable for showers In Cali
fornia north of the Tehachapl Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 13: ' ;
■ For Northern California— . Monday;
brisk southerly wind.
For Southern California— Showers' In extreme
northwest portion; partly . cloudy- elsewhere,
Monday; fresh west wind. " •
.'For Nevada— Showers Monday; cooler In north
portion.
Fur Showers Monday.
For Arizona— Monday.'
For San Francisco and vicinity— Showers
Monday: brisk southeast wind ; ccxiler. !
G. H. WILLSON.
: Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
November. 1899.
Sun, Moon and Tide,
United States Coast and Geodetio Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low ;
Waters af Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hi«h and low waters occur at
the. c.ity front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY,. NOVEMBER 13.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are- given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dny in the order of occurrence as to time. The
aecond time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
mid the' last or right hand colum.i gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as' sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRI^ r E.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED..
Sunday, November 12.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, -29 hours from Eu
reka, for San Pedro; put in to land passenß^rs
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Moss ■
I*ni!-llng and way Dorta,
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 86% hours from Coos
Bay. ...
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 hours, from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldjrett, 83 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Tillamook, Anflndsen, 17 hours from'
All.inn.
Stmr Ruth, Lundquist, 40 hours from . San
Pedro.
\V~hsd Etmr Alexander, Tijton, 15 days from'
Unalaska. " . • ■
Br )>ark East Indian, Cnath, 74 days from
Newcastle. NSW. ■ . '• .
Pchr Mary C, Madsen, 10 hours from Fort
Ross.
SAILED.
Sunday. November 11.
Stmr Newburp. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arca'ta, Re.cd, Oooa Hay.
. Stmr- Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stinr Orizaba-. Nicblson. San Pedro.
Stmr South Portland, Hail, Coos Bay. '
Stmr rmatilla. Cousins, Victoria and- Port
Townsend.
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hansen, Coquille River.
. Schr Five Brothers, Jen Fen.
TELEGKAi'IiIi".
POINT IjOBOS— Nov 12, 10 ■ p m— Weather
cloudy; wind g; velocity 16 miles.
. : SPOKEN. .
Per stmr Alexander— Nov 9—40 35 N 130 35 W,
four-piasted British ship steering east.
■ MEMORANDUM.
Per Alexander— Leff in port at Unalaska to
.sail next day for ' San Francisco, wrjal ' srtmr
Wm Ua>lies.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
El.'REKA— Arrived Nov 12-Schr Rio Rey, he
Oct 31.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Laeujia,
P<>HT BRAOO Arrived Nov 12— Schr Bar
bara Hamster, hence. Nov 11.
ALBlON— Sailed Nov 12— Schr Dewey, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 12—
Ptmr South Coast, from Eureka.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 11— Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco. '
POUT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr
Victoria.' from Manila; schr Maria. E Smith,
from San Pedro.
Kl'REKA— Arrived Xov 12— Stmr North Fork;
hence Nov 11; Etmr Alliance, from Portland.
Sailed Jsov 12— Ptmrp Alice Blanchard and
Pomona, for Pan Francisco.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Nov 12— Pchr Anna,
from' TlHamobK; srhr Bangor from Seattte. .
APTORI A— Arrived Nov 12 -Br ship Sierra
Miranda, from Acapulco; schr Lla McKay, he
NOV 4.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov. 12— Br ship La
morna, from London.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr New
York,, from Southampton; stmr La Gascogne.
from Havre.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Pretoria,.
fr> jii New York.
QUERNSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 12— Stmr' Etrii
ria, from I^iverpool for New York.
' NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Graf
i waldersee. fnmi Hamburg and Plymouth.
EAILROAD TBAVSLi , v
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
i road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco - at
6:00 p. m. '
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY. SATU3DAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m. '
FRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND express ;
! Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and ;
i Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver, ■
! Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar- <
ket-st. Ferry, at 5:30 p. m.
: Valley road
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford, - Vlsalla.
, Tulare and Bakersfield, furnishes good local
' train service. : _\ .:.-.■;
! Ean Francisco office, 623 Market St.. telephone
Main 1681. - .
\ Oakland office. 118 Broadway. ' -
Sacramento office, 201 J street. . "
■ San Jose office, 7 West Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
. 1 .. : v'- . ' J Via SaOMllt* Parry. . ■
- Commencing October -1, '■ lgS9.
FROM. SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET i
AND SAN RAFAEL. ■" .
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO, »9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 'IMS, :
•3:40, 5:15, 6:00 ( 6:20 p. m. . -. .
' EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill v a lley and San Ra- :
fael, on ' Mondays, Wednesdays' -and Saturdays "
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, »10:00, 'lliZO- a. m. ; «1:15. '
I 1:15, '4:45, 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
i ' Trains marked (•) ran to San Qventin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. !
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:45, «9:40 a. m ; I
■ »12:30, 2:15, *3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and'
i {Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. !
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:QOy *10:00. ni:al a. m •
! •1:40. '3:15/4:45. »6:30 p. in. **
Trains, marked (*) start from San Quentlh
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
! WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:4. 7:G5. 9:46 a «n l
i 12:35; 2:35, 5:43, 5:20 p. m. • . ."»*"»
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ana
■ Saturdays at 7:60 and 10:20 p. m. ■ I
| • SUNDAYS— S:O6, 10:05 a. m. . 12:05, 2:15 3-30. '
j 1:00, 6:45 p. m . "
THROUGH TRAINS. . ..
T:00 a. m: week days— Cazadero and way stations '
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and vay stations" I
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and . way stations!
MOUNT. TAMAL.PAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1, 1899. • '
WEEK DAYS— 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p m '
SUNDAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. : :
. Fare S F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THUS. COOK A SON. Agt3..-621 Market St. '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KIIRVT NT. Established
In !S»4 toy the treatment of Private.
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
|dlseasewearingonbodyandmin«i id j
Skm Diseases. The doctor cures when
I others fail. Try him. Charges low •
! due* trod. Callorwrita
Dr. J, *'. tpiXßß«>. Box 1057. 5 an i?ranc|sca ]
AUCTION SALES
THE
LEADING AUCTION SALE
>* - OF -THE SEASON " *V-^
/fc±S ■ 18 THAT OF ALL THE _/fc±3
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
. In training from the.
BURLINGAME STOCK FARM,
■ . Bi)rlini?arne, Cal.,
. Consisting 1 of the- handsomest, best formed
and best bred sons and daughters of Falsetto.
Uathampto'n, His Highness, Brutus, imp. Lord
Esterltng. -imp. Ornus, San Lucas. St. Carlo,
Potomac. Racine and Flambeau, ever seen here,
and out of speed-producing matrons- and famous
race, mares; also ' . .
CHOICE CONSIGNMENTS FROM
Estate of B. C. Holly, G^ Pacheco. J. J. Coul-
ter and Dr. C. K. Farnum. including magnifi-
cent colts and fUHes by Libertine, El Rayo.
Morello. imp". Clleveden, imp.. Trentola, Major
Ban, etc., out of famous matrons. V-" ■",-
Sale will take place
NEXT TUESDAY, Nov. 1899,
Commencing at 7:4." p. m.. at the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 HOWARD STREET,- NEAR THIRD.
Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.
WM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
SPEED SALE OF HORSES.
WEDNESDAY. November 13, 1899/ at 11 a.
m., J. M. Nelson's third annual speed gale of
high class harness horses; 23 head with records
and trials from 2:08 to 2:40; every horse will
Be shown in harness; this Is the blue ribbon
sale of the. Pacific Coast. Prince H. trial 2:09;
Ruby M. record 2:111,; Blanche L. trial 2:19:
Exmoor, trial 2:16, and many others. The
chance of a-, life to set a fast roadster and
good business horses of all kinds: also one cele-
brated .imported French- Coach Stallton. At 11
a. m. sharp. Bay-st. station, broad gauge, at
the Alameda Trotting 'Park and the Alameda
Sale and Training:- Stables, cor. St. Charles st.
and Eagle aye., Alameda.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
TUESDAY, Nov. 14, 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE .SALE STABLE, 1517 MISSION ST..
I will Bell '4o head of choice young Horses direct
•from the country. The above stock will be
shown in harness any time up to day of sale.
' . : S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
- "RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHKRN COMPAHT.
■ •' (PACiriC SYSTEM.) '-■•.•
Trains lenve uml «re i.lim to arrive ill
NAN liUNt'lVl'O.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — . From October 29. 1899. — ARRm
•7:OO Benicla, Suisnn and Sacramento. . # ~t43r
. •7:«Oa. JlarysvHle. Oro?ille via Woodiand,
Elii.in, VacaviUe ami • . . . *7:-li>r
•TtOOAShasU Express -Davii, Widows,
.I .Red Bluff, Portland »7:«5f
•7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, ValL.'jo.
CalistrgaandSauta K'osi •Oilar
•«i«OATho Overland ■ Llmited-Ogden.
•' . Omaha. Chicago •' # 3»l3»
•S::iOa Sail -Jose, l.i\<-rmore, Stockton,
■:". '-.'■• lone, ' Sacraineuto, Tlacerville,
: - ' ■ M-ii-ysTille. Chico, ltedlJliilt Mjlßr
•»i:H>a •Milton, Oakdaleand Honora •■ixl.»p
' •«:»»<»* Ilaywards, Nilrs and Way Stations. # H: ■•>*.
•»:OOa Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogde.n and East M»:43a
•9:00 a Martinez, -Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mtrceti aud Fresno »12i1»f
•0:»Oa Port Costa, li'rfsno. MiijaTe and Los 45
Aucelt'B •0:45>
• IO:OOa- Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations •' : ' iJ I>
•1I:OO,\ Haywarils, Niles aud Way Stations. *»ti!ir
•I'2:OUH Niles, Livenuore, Stockton, Sacra-
- mento, Mei.dota, Haoford, Viaalla,
PorterTilla ; w •J ! '* 1 '
fl:OOp Sacramento l'.iferHteniuera I .» P
•3tOOp Haywards, Niles and Way stations. *3:4»»
•4:»0i« Mnrtilier.; Han Uaiiioii, V»l!»Jo, ______
■ • . Nai>a, OalistoKa, Santa Uosa •»il»*
lieuicia, VaaiTll'.e, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
' ' MaryeTillo, Oro»illo •I«:4»A
MiaOpNtle's, Han .fnaoaud Stockton '''•»»
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakonifielil, Saugua for Santa llar-
bara, Lob Angeles. »!2tft
•3iBop Stockton, Merced, Fresno M 2:13»
•3:ailp Fresno, Uakersllelil, Hiintu ltarbara,
Los Angeles, Doming. El Paso,
. New Orleans and East »Si«lU
•3i3Op Bantu We Itoiite— A tliuitio Kxpress
•'forMoJaTe mid Hast '6:43?
•8:« Op Haywarda. KilcsandHan Jose "***
t«'.»«l- Vailejo •' l i l r
•«:3«i- Oriental Mall— Ogdcn and East »Si.»Op
' 17: OOp Vallejo. Port Coat* and Way Sta-
Uons 19:53*
♦8»«3r Oregon and California j;xiiress,Hiio- . '
rnuieuto. MarySTllle, Rediilng,
. rortln...!. }'><&!■ Sound and i;»»t •WilsA
. COAST MTISIOJS (Xnrro»T«!iiiigc).
(Foot ct Market Street.) '
• •Stl.'UNewark.CeutLTYille.Saii.loso.Felton,
BoulderOreck.SautaCmzandnaj
Stations -•» # 3i0«»
fSiISp Newark, Cen'ervillc, San Jose, New
Almaden-, Fclton, lloulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz and l'rlncipal Way •
Stf.tioDß *!?'2? 4
■ *4ilHp Newark, San Jose, LosGatos. - # 9i2oa,
61 1:13p Hunters' Eicursian, San Jose and
Way Stations... l^aoy
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY. „.
From Slti NUKCISCO— Fact at Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7-15 9:00 ll:00.\.M. 11:00 *2:00 13:09
• *i:O3 • 15:00 "6-.OOlM*.
.rr«mOiUiIID-.r<iotofßr(i»(lw»T..— "C:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
■'tl3:80 *l; 00 ta:0O . ».3:00 t*=Oa '8:00
COAST DIVISION (Rroad flange). »
(Third nnd TowrißCinl Sti.) '
"IOsIOA Ocean View,- South Han Francisop.. t«:80p
•7>OOa San Jose and Way BUthws (Now
Almadon Wednesdays only) •1»»O»
•9iooa Han Joso, 'Ik's Pluos, .Kmitiv Cruz,
•- Paclllc Oiove. I'aa.i Rubles, San
Luis ObinKt, Surf, Louipoc and
Principal W»y .StatlmiH •*»*•'
•lOKOa Sai»Jo3onnd Way Stations 12 2?»i
! •I liUOa San Jose ami Way Stations........ •3»»«»
i2:45r Snn- Mst<-o, ltcdwood, Menlo Park. k "
Palo Alto.. Santa Clara, -S:iii .lose. .
• Trcs Pinos, Santa Crnz. Salinas,
Jlonterpy and Pacific GroTe «8«A.
♦:«:a«r San Jose and Way Stations ........ 1.,-
- 1 1:1 tie San Jato and Principal Way Stations *9:-l.» A
\ 3:OOf San Jose and Principal Way Stations j>:o<» a
•.■i:BOf San.loseHiKll'rincij'al Way Stations B'??*
♦«::ior San Jose and Way Stations.: t5 «a A
Hl:-t.%p San Jose and Way Stations..' ■ *?"«»?
' A for Morning. ; P for Afternoon. ■
•Daily. t Sunday except?'' X Sunday only.
b Saturday only. ■ ' •"
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN : ILitt
• I-jH3SSB]H
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Footuf Market 6«,
'ir^l A - N FRANCISC^TTO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:30.. 9:00. 11:00 a, m. ; 12:15,
.•• 8:30 5:10, .6:30 p.m. • Thursdays— Extra trip
■at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra. trips at I:6*
and H.:3fl p. m.
BUNDATS-^S;00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
 6:00. fi:2o .m.' -*.;^'
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■ WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m 11:45,
3:«. 5:10 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra .trips at
1:15 ana C:3r, p. m.
BUNDAirS-r-8-:lO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40 s:o*.
i:25 O. m. • • \,--.\-'S m
Between San Francisco and Schuetrea P«Q
same schedule as above.
Leave • Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francrscow
•■ October 15," —
"Week Sun r ' ■ 189*9. Sun- Weok
Days.. days. Destination days. Days.
• 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opfn 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:15 am
.8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa RoSa. 7:35 pm 6:21 pa
 Fulton;
1:80 am . Windsor, . 10:25 aa
•' .' .Healdsburs,
■f : ■; •.-■-. '- : Lytton.
Geyser^'ille,
/rBO pm 8:00 am Clovecdale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:20 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah.. 7":35 pm 6:22 pa
7:30 am . ' ' 10:25 am
' 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm '
i 8:30 era' • . ' ' 6:22 pm
I '7:80 am "8:80 am Sonoma 16:40 am 8:40 am
! - • . and
.5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am M:23 am
■8:30 pm|- 6:00 pm • ■■ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and- White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Sk \sss
Bprings; at Clrverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyviile. Carlsbad Springs. Soda. Bay. Lake-
i port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah ior. Vichy
: Springs, Saratoga Springs," Blue Lakes, Laurel ■
i £>»U Lake, "VV-Hter Springs, Upper Lake,- Porno,
; Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
I Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullviile. Orr'«
Hot Springs.' Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
! Westport, Ural, ■Willitts. ' Laytonville, Cum-
' jning s. Bell's Springs, • Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
• Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round' trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ..
! On Sunday round trio tickets to. all points
"beyond San Rafael at half rates. . .
•i Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
M. C. 'WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
"T; Cenwral ilaftaceo _ Ce&_Pjsjj 1- A^oal^
910
OFFICER ATTACKED BY
DESPERATE PRISONER
San Diego Deputy Left for Dead
by Convict Ross.
Manacled Thief Jumps Into the Water,
Attempting to Escape After His
Bloody Deed.
IN a solitary cell of the dungeon at 1
San Quentin. manacled and shackled
to a stone wall, rests Albert Ross, a j
convict who passed through this city
yesterday In charge of Sheriff Mat
thew' Stewart of Santa l arbara, to
pervo ten years for burglary. It will not
be his fault if he is not a murderer, but
the only thing that worries him is that
l.y Fme-'iring his hands with the blood of a
fellow man he did not regain his liberty.
In a hospital at San Luis Obispo lies ;
W. J. Ward, Deputy Sheriff of San Diego j
County, with bruised and battered head, !
the victim of Ross desperate attempt to
regain his freedom, the probability being
that the brave officer will never again in
this life gnse on the features of his wife
and three little children. ■ .' .
Sheriff Stewart related a bloody tale
when he reached the prison yesterday of
the attack of. Ross oil Deputy Sheriff
Ward. Ward loft San Diego Saturday on
the steamer Santa Rosa in charge of
Ross, and was Joined at Santa Barbara
by Sheriff •.-art. who had in custody
Andrew Castro, a Mexican sentenced to
Pan Quentln for two years for grand
larceny. Castro wa3 formerly sentenced
for ten years, but was granted a new
trial on appeal to the Supreme Court, |
with the result that eight years were cut j
off his term of imprisonment. .
When the party of two officers and two
prisoners reached Port Harford at 2
o'clock Saturday afternoon; .they were i
standing on the upper deck. Ross ex- j
pressed a das Ire to lie down,' and was !
taken to his stateroom by Ward. Fifteen,
minutes later Stewart was amazed to j
hear his name called and. upon looking
over the Bide of the vessel to 'see Ro.ss,
6*.i!l shackled, swimming In the water. :
Ross was reached with a rope, hoisted,
aboard and asked where Ward .
•'1 knocked him on the head," was the
laconic reply.
• Running to the stateroom door and find
ing it locked. Stewart brokelt in and found i
Ward lying on the floor In a pool of blood.
He was given medical treatment, but on
regaining consciousness became delirious
and begged those around him to keep the
liend away.
"Don't let him hit me again." ■
The Injured officer was taken to San j
Luis Qbispo,. and shortly before Sheriff
Stewart left the prison he received a dis
patch that Ward could not live until
morning.
In rotating the tale of the assault to
Stewart, Convict Ross gave the following j
coldblooded description of what occurred i
after he left the upper deck. " - ■
"Ward sat in a chair," he said, "and I
lay on the bunk. In a few. minutes I saw !
he was nodding and. taking the heavy
glass bottle containing water I prepared j
three times to hit him/ but my nerve fail- I
ed me. At the fourth attempt I gave it
to him square and with all my might. He i
jumped and grabbed me by the- arm, beg- j
ging me to quit, but I kept on pummeling
him until he sank to the floor.' Then I I
took a revolver, a bunch of- keys and $20
but of his pockets and going outside lock- <
ed the door. Hiding in another stateroom
] tried to unlock my shackles, but found 1
the key was missing. I was afraid to- go
back, bo sliding down a rope, I started
to swim. After going thirty feet I found j
that with the shackles I had either to re
turn or drown so I came back and called
you."
If Ward dies, which is probable, Ross j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABYITCHED
SIXIEARS
Body Covered with Humor. Legs
Down to Knees a Solid Scab.
Five Doctors and Medical Col-
lege Could not Cure. Father
spent one THOUSAND dollars
Trying to get Him Cured. Old
Friend Suggested CUTICURA.
Sleep and Rest on First Appli-
cation. Now Completely Cured.
My son, when he .was six weeks old, had ft
breaking oat on the top of his head. It spread
all over hie bead, and then hia arms broke ont
from shoulder to w.rjst. Around his body and
around his legs from his knees to his ankles, was
a solid scab. My family doctor treated him for
eighteen month?, but no good was accomplished.
I tried four more), and then a medical college in
fit. Lonis six months. No food, yet, Spent not
less than a thousand dollars in money and time.
Old Mr. Barney Clap insisted on my trying Coti-
CCIU remedies, telling mo ho had a spell like my
child's himself. By the time my wife had ueed
the Coticciia (ointment) up, he began to ira- '
prove end git ho he could sleep short naps, and
gave me and wife some reft. Thank the Lord, he -
Is weil now, fat, hearty, and' stout as any boy,
after six long years of itching, crying, and wor-
rying. CcTicURA remedies cured him. : :'
BepuH,'9S. W.M.XlCnELL»Lexlngton,Okl.
CUfICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That is to lay It purlflrs th<?,blood and circu-
lating fluids of ili'MOß. Ot«ii«, and thus removes
t hfl mw«, while warm baths with CcricnßA Soap,
and gentle aaointt.igs with C'rrrccßA (ointment),
frrcate« of emollient skin cures, cleanse the skin
»nd scalp of crusts ana Bcales, Rllav Uchlnc, burn-
ing, and lnaarmnKt lon, soothe ami 'heal. Thno arc
speedily, permaoently,.'and economically cured •
. the most torturing, dlsllg-nrlng humors of the ■
skin, ecalp, and blood, with )ors of hair, when tbe '
bt«t physicians and ail r.therremedles fail.
Hold thronijhout the world. Pottib Dkuo. axd Crxic
CoEp.,l > rop»., Bo«:oa. "All About B»by - « Skin," free.
PIMPLES. |?"SS5SgMff 2SSS DT
Fancy Glassware
Bargains.
It'» Worth Your
" Coming- Just to See.
Great American liDortini Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores.
irvw w-« /-• Painless treatment. Per-
8R H I H^L; manent cure. Entire time <!•-
tr B I W^ voted to rectal diseases. Ret-
H I/aji 1 erences those cured. No aur-
m. IUJUk/ gery A j ATKXNB, M.P..
635 Butter it.. Ban FraacUoa;
k. hours, I to I P. to.
will bo taken back and charged with mur
der. • .
WARD IS DYING.
SAN I,TTS OBISPO, Nov. -12.— -Deputy
: Ward of San Diego, who was as
saulted -Saturday at Port Harford by a
prisoner. Bert Ross, whom he was taking
to San Quentln. is now unconscious ana
physicians state that he cannot live. His
BkllU is badly fractured.
NO PLACE TO LIVE.
Dr. M. W. Franklin Returns From
the. Philippines. ; .
Dr. MUton Washington Franklin,' after
j a sijc months' sojourn in Manila, has re
turned to this city. While in the Philip
pines he made a sttidy : of the social and
: commercial conditions ■of th« country,
particularly with a. view to the ascertain
; ing of the possibilities for medical . prac
titioners. His views on the subject aro
• interesting to all who. conjure • up- Dic
-1 tures of the glorious abode to be attained
by living:, in the 'Philippine Islands.
"In the first- place," said I>r. Franklin
last night, "any man who thinks, he can
, withstand the climate and the work had
j better try it if he will not be- convinced
•"by the experience of others. The lesson'
' will be a bitter . one.. Sickness and
disease are prolific enough arid the need
of physicians great, but there are few
physicians who can stand the test. For
any such thing as active, energetic work
: the climate will undt a hardy man. id a
-month.
"There, are no big fortunes to be made
!In Manila by practicing medicine
j then the game is not worth the suffer
ing 'it entails. It is the same. In other
branches, and. I have yet to " meet the
American who says he is. contented and
satisfied with living in that country.
I The country may be productive enough,
but It was not meant for white men."
DIVINE SCIENTISTS.
Six Days' Session to Be Held at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The Fifth International Congress of
Scientists, called by the International Di
vine Science Association', will be heJd. in
Odd Fellows' Hall, commencing to-mor
row evening and continuing throughout
the week. : .
Rev. M. E. Cramer of San Francisco
will deliver the address of welcome. Tes
timonials of healing will be read' and
methods of teaching and healing will be
explained, open discussion following each
reading. Following is the list of officers
of the association:
■ !i:n, M. E, Cramer; treasurer, C.
L. Cramer; recording secretary, S. A.
Eckman; corresponding secretaries, M. C.
Browt-r and A. E. Cramer; advisory coun
cil. Professor W. A. C. Smith, Josephine
R. Wilson Sarah A. Denny, Elizabeth An
derson, Eleanor M. Green, Thomas Wat
son: vice presidents. Josephine .R. Wilson,
Fannie R. Ja-mes, Rev. N. K. Poyd. Rev.
I>. L. Su'.livan, Professor. Leßoy Moore
Eenr. H. H. Schroeder.
. Every session of the congress will be
open to the public.
STRICKEN WITH APOPLEXY
Mrs. Stacker, Aunt of Colonel Child-
ers of the Tennessee Regiment,
Seriously HI.
Word was received at the Tennessee
ramp yesterday afternoon that Mrs.
Stacker, the aunt of Colonel Childers of
the Tennessee regiment, had been stricken
with apoplexy while at the Cliff House.
Colonel Childers was not at camp when
the news cane. Mrs. Stacker is one of
the Tennessee delegation here to welcome
the regiment. She, with several other
ladles of the delegation, drove down town
-day morning to see the para<!'-.
They then drove out to the Presidio and
Cliff House. It was while they were driv
ing up the beach that Mrs. Stacker was
stricken.
Mrs. Stacker Is an elderly lady and the
excitement of the last few days has been
too much for her. She was not removed
from the Cliff Kou.se yesterday, but if
there tire no furth >r serious symptoms she
will be taken to the city to-day. She
was still unconscious late last evening,
but her physician predicted no fatal result
unless she should have another stroke.
PRIESTS OF BUDDHA TALK.
They Desire to Establish a Temple of
That Faith in This City.
A meeting was held yesterday afternoon
at the Japanese Buddhist Union. SOT Polk
street, having for its purpose the estab
lishment of a Buddhist congregation In
this city. The Rev. S. Sonoda read the ar
ticles of the faith. He was followed by
R('V. 6. Nea^au. his assistant, who deliv
ered a short address on the principles of
the religion. After the lecture an informal
discussion was entered into by the audi
ence. Booklets and circulars were also
distributed.
The missionaries are sent here from
Tokio, where both were for many years
priests in the U-mple of Buddha to gain
disciples in this country. Mr. Sonoda said
thai H w:ls easier to convert <'hristians to
Buddhism than vice-versa. He also said
he expected to erect a temple in this city
for his divinity worshipers.
BURIED BY FORESTERS.
Funeral of Richard McConville, Fire-
man on the Warren, Who
Died at Sea.
The funeral of Richard McConville, a
fireman on the United States army trans
port Warren, who died at sea on Novem
ber 5, four days before the steamer ar
rived In this port, was held from Forest
ers' Hall, 102 O'Farrell street, at 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. The services were
held under the auspices of Court Occi
dental No. C67ti, A. O. F., and were con
ducted by Court Chaplain William Wal
lace, assisted by Past Chief Ranger John
Henderson. A large delegation was also
present from the Pacillc Coast Marine
Firemen's Union, of which deceased was
a member.
The interment was in Olivet Cemetery
Fr.i:ik McConville. a sailor on the cruiser
Baltimore, now at Manila, is a son of de
reaped and the only immediate relative
living so far as is known.
CLAY CLEMENT SIGNS.
Will Join McKee Rankin's Company
and Support Nance O'Neil.
Clay Clement Is to join the Nance
O'Neil Company. Contracts have been
signed and, at last, Rankin's star will
have a capable support. Mr. Clement is
an actor of experience In legitimate roles
and his Hamlet received great praise dur
ing his recent engagement In Honolulu.
He ft 13 a .„ very high estimate of Miss
"Nell's abilities, ranking the young tra
gedienne the foremost actresses of Amer
ica. Up till this time Miss O'Neil has la
bored under the disadvantage of Inade
quate support, but with Clement as her
leading man she should show a marked
Improvement when she returns here in
January, prior to her departure for Aus
tralia. It la intended to make "Macbeth"
a prominent feature of her repertoire as
Clement achieved great success in the
title role some years ago. As Lady Mac
beth Miss O'Neil should attain a success
equal to that of her Leah «,u4 her Nancy
.Byte*- * ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1899.
EXPERTS WILL DISCUSS
FLOOD-WATER STORAGE
MR. ELWCOD MEAD.
EL.WOOD MEAD, the Irrigation expert In charge of the Investigations of
the department of Agriculture throughout the United States, arrived
In this city yesterday on an official visit connected with the depart
ment. Mr. Mead, who for the* past eleven years has filled the position of
State Engineer of Wyoming: with distinction, accepted his present re
sponsible office last July. While here he will attend the convention called by
the California State Association for the Storag-e of Flood Waters.
■ "My business here at this time," he said last night, -"is In connection with
o\ir studies of the duty of water and of the water-right law and customs of
California. During the past year we have been keeping a record of the vol
ume of water used, and the time It was used. In Irrigation of crops. In fifteen of
the arid States and Territories. The object of this was to furnish Informa
tion for courts, water commissioners, farmers and canal companies regard
. Ing the volume of water that Is required. One of our stations for these meas
urements has been at Riverside. I am out lure to visit Mr. Irving, who Is In
charge of that station. We are also collecting Information regarding the
■ laws and methods for acquiring rights to water from our rivers and the meth
ods of protecting those rights, the object being 1 to assist the States In the
enactment of better laws and, if possible, securing uniformity.
"Professor H. K. Hurst of the State University is assisting me in this
work, and I .am here In San Francisco now especially to see him.
"As to the convention which opens to-morrow, I think that a convention to
discuss the irrigation situation in this State and to discuss policies for the
storage of the State's water supply, and the enactment of laws for the secur
ing of greater economy in its use of water, cannot help but be beneficial to the
cause of Irrigation. I am not sufficiently acquainted with the situation to ex
press any opinion as to the policy to be adopted, but it Is greatly to be hoped
that it- will be a harmonious convention and that there will be an agreement,
both as to the policy to be adopted and the results to be achieved.
"There Is no question as to the fact that water Is worth more in Califor
nia than in any other State in the Union. And in the methods of, distribution
and application to land there are few sections In the world that are equal to
this State. What California lacks Is adequate titles to water rights and suffi
cient means for their protection. Improvements in these directions would re
sult in great benefit."
At Metropolitan Temple to-morrow evening Mr. Mead will deliver an ad
dress on the subject of irrigation, under the auspices of the California State
Association for the Storage of Flood Waters. J. B. Llppincott will also speak.
The following is a list of the delegates appointed to represent the Califor
nia Miners' Association at the convention to be held to-morrow by the Cali
fornia State Association for the Storage of Flood Waters: John M. Wright,
Frank R. Wehe., W. W. Montague, H. H. Hunter, A. Caminetti. Andrew G.
Myers, Thomas Meln, J. G. Hopper, Harold T. Power, John McMurray, Dan
T. cole, James O'Brien. John Bermlngham, B. N. Shoecraft, C. W. Cross. A.
B. Paul, George Stone, A- S. Cooper, W. S. Keyes, Fred Zeitler, E. A. Belcher,
R. M. Gre<?n. Andrew Carrlgan, Fred Searles, Edward Coleman, A. C. Hhick-
Fnn, Charles G. Yale, J. O. Batcher, Frank A. l>?ach, Tlrey L. Ford, Felix
Chappellet, John F. Davis, A. Eckman, W. F. Frisk, David McClure, A. M.
McDonald, A. 14. Ten Broeck, E. W. Chapman, H. E. Picket, F. J. Sollnsky,
James Mcßrlde, Willis G. Dodd, T. J. Nichols, W. F. Englebnght. Amos
Stevens, Thomas J. Barbour, R. R. Bulmore, P. George Gow. J. F. Halloran,
B. T. Lacy. E. H. Barton.
Delegates to represent Monterey County at the State irigation convention
have been chosen as follows: T. J. Field, A. WMedemann, A. J. Myers. C. T.
Romie and Jesse D. Carr. They are instructed to support the national Irri
gation system.
SUDDEN TARING OFF
OF GEORGE JOHNSON
GEORGE JOHNSON.
GEORGE JOHNSON, for many years
employed by T. J. Walsh & Co.,
retail liquor dealers, died yes
terday after a short illness. His
death was as sudden as It was unex
pected, and proved a great shock to his
family and friends. Aortic stenosis was
assigned as the cause of his sudden tak
ing off. He was attended in his last ill
ness by Dr. J. A. Hughes, 'me physician
was astounded when the tidings of his
patient's death were sent to him, as he
had left him the day before in a condition
to return to his employment.
The young man was extremely popular
and numbered his friends by the hun
dreds. He had earned the confidence and
high esteem of his employers, with whom
he had been engaged for the past ten
years, and they keenly feel the loss of a
faithful and painstaking employe. He
was the sole support of his widowed
mother and sisters. Mr. Johnson was a
member of Rincon Parlor, N. S. G. W.,
and other social organizations.
Almost Bled to Death.
William Klnney, 40 years of ape, was
arrested yesterday morning on a warrant
by Policeman Green on a charge of bat
tery. The complaining witness Is Mar
garet Klnney. 605) Vi Hyde street, the de
fendant's aged mother. Kinney was
seized with a fit In his cell In the prison
in the afternoon, and in falling struck on
the back of his head. He bled so pro
fusely before he reached- the Receiving
Hospital that he fainted from weakness.
He recovered after the gash was stitched
and dressed.
The individual who talks about himself |
incites contempt more often than envy,
POLICE PREPARE
FOR REFRACTORY
SOLDIER BOYS
Told to Use Their
Clubs Freely.
Special orders have been Issued to the
police officers regarding their treatment
of the soldiers who show the least In
clination to be unruly or who attempt in
any way to create trouble. These orders
are of such a nature that It behooves the
boys In blue to be on their best behavior
while enjoying the freedom of the city
and taking in the sights.
Since the clash with the numbers of
the Forty-sixth the police detail that pa
trols the tenderloin districts has been
doubled, and now the instructions have
gone forth to the peace promoter to tol
erate no foolishness from the soldiers.
They have been instructed to use their
clubs with liberality and freedom and to
keep an especial lookout for members of
the Tennessee regiment. The department
Is determined that the rights of citizens
shall lot protected and respected, and a
repetition of the outrages committed by
Borne of the members of the Forty-sixth
win be prevented, if it is possible to do bo,
by taking the necessary precaution in ad-
■■■.} he forty-sixth fairly terrorized the
ri™,n i ? stated that while ll was being
recruited in the East some of the hardest
characters that the country produces en
tered , the service, and these are the men
who have brought disrepute upon regi
™e"*a H w £ lch by their actions have
in^-nf f, l V expect th 6 kindliest feel
city zens and the respect of the
"It is unfortunate that these regl
m" should be condemned on account
?hcPnl.p On Ct Of the Forty-sixth, but
the Police Department asserts that it is
not in a position to draw the line or dis
criminate " said one of the officers, "It
is but natural that the return of the Ten
nesseeans should be viewed by the au
thorites with some apprehension. The
murder of Henry Hildebrand in the
Spreckels market and the attack on the
negro fhomas have not been forgotten
Undoubtedly the record the regiment has
made In the Philippines has created a be"
ter feeling toward It, and there Is every
reason, to believe that the boys hive
profited, by the past and will redeem
themselves in the eyes of the people of
this city by keeping within the bounds of
good behavior during their stay here "
JE2? ? T A c l s issued by the P° llce are not
prompted by any revengeful spirit al
though the officers have stood many in
sults from the refractory soldiers The
measure is purely a precautionary one
and it is hoped that when the soldiers
thoroughly understand the situation they
will refrain from any lawlessness, and
the citizens will enjoy a feeling of easl
lIGSS*
Another Smith Sale.
The Oakland Polytechnic College buys
£ ro llV I T>^ ' ¥■' Alexander four more new
Smith Premier typewriters.- . •
TENNESSEE MEN
VIEWED BY TWO
MAJOR GENERALS
Assigned to the Old
California Camp.
WILL MARCH BEFORE MILES
BIG PARADE AT THE PRESIDIO
THIS MORNING.
Five Regiments of Volunteers, Be
sides the Regular Artillery, in
tine at the Golf
Links.
I To be home tn time for Thanksgiving is
the principal thought 'of the men of the
Tennessee Regiment, and the first care of
its colonel was to have an early date set
for the muster out of his men. The date
so far decided upon is the 23d inst., and
officers and clerks and mustering-out of
ficials will work with a will with that
date in view. . ■
The regiment reached camp yesterday
after running the gamut of enthusiasm
from the Folsom street dock to the Pre
sidio gate. When the men left the trans
port and were lined up on the wharf they
were addressed first by J. Wesley Games,
one of Tennessee's Congressmen; Adju
tant (General Brandon, who is here repre
senting the Governor of Tennessee, and
Mrs. Ada Van Pelt. The Tennessee dele
gation of welcome was. there, too, and
between speeches and congratulations .the
ladies of the delegation decorated the sol
diers with wreaths and flowers and filled
their pockets with good things to eat.
Tho Tennessee Regiment had the dis
tinction of being reviewed by General
Miles. He accompanied General Shafter
to the reviewing stand at the corner of
Bush street and Van Ness avenue and
watched the regiment as it marched past.
On arriving at the Presidio the command
was assigned to the camp formerly occu
pied by the California regiment. The
men were given straw for their mat
tresses and their baggage followed, them
into camp without much delay, so by
night they were all comfortable. .
There are two vacancies in the comple
ment of regimental officers, both of them
surgeons. They will probably be filled by
| the time the regiment is mustered out,
far it is entitled to be mustered out with
all the officers It brought into the ser
vice.
There will be one of the biggest parades
ever given in this department this morn
inK- General Miles, weather permitting,
will review all the outgoing volunteers
. with the exception of tho Forty-sixth In
fantry, which will make its way to the
transport Pathan while the others are
marching over the hills. There will be
over TWO troops in line.
The parade will form on the hill near
! the south gate of the Presidio and close
to the golf links. The south gate is where
First avenue enters the Presidio. On the
right of the line will be the battalion of
the Third Artillery stationed here, all
foot batteries. Next to that in order
will be the Fortieth. Forty-fourth, Thir
ty-eighth, Forty-fifth, Forty-second,
Troop G of the Sixth Cavalry and Light
Battery C of the Third Artillery. The
| formation will be "regimental columns of
I masses," or the regiments in columns of
i companies at close intervals, and abreast
lof each other. To form the regiments in
| line would spread the line over a mile and
I a half, bo the deeper formation had to be
chosen.
Colonel H. B. Freeman, Twenty-fourth
■ Infantry, commandant of the Presidio,
i will be In command, and First Lieutenant
; McNair, ordnance officer of the post, will
I act as assistant adjutant general. First
] Lieutenant Eltinße. Pixth Cavalry, will
act as Colonel Freeman's aid. General
Shafter will be accompanied by his staff
j and General Miles will have with him
! Colonel Mlchler, his aid, who is traveling
with him.
The Forty-sixth regiment Is under or
i ders to sail for the Islands to-day. It will
leave the Presidio this morning about 9
o'clock if the weather be not Inclement.
Lieutenant E. W. Mumford of Company
A of the Forty-fifth Infantry was ordered
before the examining board early last
week. He has been notified that the
I board will report him physically and men
tally capable of performing the duties of
his rank.
James A. Conroy of Company G of the
Ninth Infantry died at the general hot
pi tal yesterday.
There have been no further serious
symptqms among the men of the Forty
second regiment who were poisoned last
Saturday. All who were sent to the hos
pital are well on their way to recovery,
and there will be no fatal cases. A board
of inquiry Is now looking into the matter
to ascertain if there be any blame, and If
so, to whom it attaches.
MRS. MARY ANN WILDER.
Death of a Pioneer Woman Noted for
Her kasr Charities.
By the death of Mrs. Mary Ann Wilder
on Saturday afternoon San Francisco
loses another of those vigorous women
who helped to lay the foundations of so
ciety here In the early days, and who for
a long period of years has been among
the potent and helpful spirits of the com
munity.
Mrs. Wilder was a Miss Watson. She
was born in Philadelphia In 1532, and was
therefore In her sixty-seventh year at the
time of her death. When yet a child she
removed with her parents to Indiana, and
when but two months more than 14 years
old was married in that State to Lorenzo
Ingargiola, with whom she came to this
city In ISM. Since her arrival here she has
lived continuously In San Francisco, and
therefore at the time of her death was
one of Ha oldest residents.
By her first husband she was the moth
er of eighteen children, of whom there re
main to morn her loss seven: Mrs. C.
Baker Mrs. William R. Elliott, Mrs. Vin
cent Baraco. Mrs. G. W. Granniss. Miss
Lillian M. Ingargtola, Frank Ingargiola
and Augustus Ingargiola. It was at the
home of her youngest daughter, Miss In
gargiola 1124 Bush street, that she died.
Her second husband, William R. Wilder,
survives her.
In the early days of California woman s
help was needed in many ways, and Mrs.
Wilder, although not a trained physi
cian or nurse, soon became a ministering
comforter and friend to the sick and to
the poor. For years she was active In
that good work, and did not cease it un
til her own strength broke down. With
willing anil prompt help of heart and
hand and purse she endeared herself to a
wide circle of men and women in all
classes of society, and was not only a
good wife, a noble mother and a generous
friend but one of those ministers of gen
uine charity whose influences are wider
than can ever be known. Now that she
has passed from us, her face will be
missed in many a home, and a keen sense
Sf personaUoss will be felt in hearts that
will long cherish her memory and the re
membrance of the thousand kind deeds
and gentle observances that made the
tenor of her earnest, loving and well
spent life.
Dr Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will gtop
a cougb. Never falls. Tr "■■ 2oc. All druggists. •
Policemen's Widows and Orphans.
The annual meeting of the Widows' and
Orphans" Aid Association of the Police
Department for the nomination of officers
was held in Judge Mogan's courtroom
yesterday afternoon, President Butter
worth in the chair. Nominations were
made as follows: President, Sergeant
Llndheimer; vice president, John Fitz
henry; treasurer, T. Atchison and Ser
geant John Duncan: recording secretary,
Corporal H. ('ills; financial secretary, b.
H Rankln and ex-Sergeant Coles; trus
tees—Charles Allen, 1,. C. Clark, Sergeant
T. W. Bethel, John Rainshury, John Cog
lan, John Cronin, J. P. Carson, William
Cullinan, P. J. Tracey. P. Fanning, H. J.
Wright, A. J. Nolting, T. C. Robinson, T.
P. Walsh and James Belyea. The election
will take place on the second Sunday of
December. At present there are only
contests for treasurer, financial secretary
and trustees, five nf whom will be chosen.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
DnunrlflU. COo flask. Richards & Co, iO4 Cliur.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW DRESS
FABRICS.
FOUR SPECIAL^ALUES.
$1.00 Yard.
50 pieces GENUINE FRENCH
POPLINS, full U Inches
wide, in the following new .
shades; National Blue,
Golden Brown, Bordeaux,
Mordore, Navu, Castor
Brown, Automohile Red,
Heron Gran, Leaf Green . . ..
and Russian Violet.
$1.25 Yard.
. 25 pieces 50-INCti GENU-
• . • INE ALL-WOOL HOME-
■ "•. ' SPUNS, In all the new
shades of Gray, Castor,
Blue and Brown, all mixed
effects.
$1.25 Yard.
One case STEWARTON
CHEVIOT PLAIDS, Scotch
effects, a full varletu of. . .
new comhlnations, goods
measure full 47 Inches
wide.
$1.50 Yard.
30 pieces 47-INCH GENU-
INE FRENCH ZIBELINE,
camel's hair effects, the
new material in solid
. ■ . colors, for fall and winter
wear.
111. 113. 115, Il7> 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG, BOWEN ft COS SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
BQWEN
KCQ
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Armour Star hams are sweet:
cured in mild pickle — regularly
17c lb for the three days 1 5c
Fresh butter is expensive —
tub butter is sold by the pound
for the three days 21\c
The tenderest corn and best
lima beans come from Maine —
Sea Foam corn and succotash —
regularly 15c tin —
for the three days \2\c
For quick luncheons — brook
trout served hot or cold — reg'ly
2^c tin — for the three days 20C
Cranberries— good with any
kind of meat — reg'ly iiV 2 c qt
for the three days 10c
I mported macaroni — reg'ly
15c lb for the three days 12Jc
University rolled oats pk 2 ts 25c
University breakfast mush —
3 packages 25c
Ispa saradines V 2 s reg'ly 25c
for the three days 20c
Glace fruits — regularly 50c lb
for the three days 40c
Nothing nicer than Jordan
salted almonds — regularly 50c
lb shelled — ready to salt —
for the three days 40c
Pineapple is an agreeable
change from ordinary dessert —
whole or sliced— regularly 25c
n for the three days 20c
Between courses nothing will
be better liked than preserved
ginger — C & B — regularly
35c pot — for the three days 25c
Most of your lady guests will
like sweet sauternes — reg'ly $5
doz qts — f or the three days $4
Time for hot Scotch — D C L
Scotch and Irish whiskies —
Highland Club and Killy Croy —
regularly $1 bottle 7iow 85c
Caledonian-reg'ly $ 1 .35 now $1.10
Mackerel for breakfast
N cw — from Norway — full
stock now in — tender as chicken
fgrJhe three days 3 for 26x5
GOLDBERG, BO WEN * COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Ginger ale is good for the
stomach — Cpchran & Co's
! imported regularly $1.50 doz
for the three days $1.35
English cherry tooth paste- —
reg'ly • 2OC jar or the three days 15<?
New. goods for the holidays
Keiller's Scotch, jams, jellies and
: - marmalade — full stock
Anchovies Herrings
California glace' fruits
Fancy imported raisins
Pate' de foi gras in terrines
Live snails from France
To Manila-Christmas boxes
of 20 lbs free if ordered before
the 20th — -
November catalogue—
illustrated — interesting— send
postal — ,
. Clear carriage space in front
of the new Sutter street store
Free telephone at new store
. Our telephone numbers
; ' Pine street store Main 1 and 13
Sutter street store Main in
. California street store West 101
Oakland, store Alain 1
O OLD BERG
BDWEN
& CD.
El Reposo cigars —
Princessas 4 for
Rothschilds 3 for 25c
Puritana fmos 10c each
Perfection (full size) 2 for 25c
■ An El Reposo in any size is
exceptional value
Aft Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California San Frandsco'
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
COURIAN'S
COLLECTION
MOST SUPERB
ANTIQUE BISP^
TURKISH D 'V
PERSIAN IIUUO
LAST FOUR DAYS !
MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNES-
DAY and THURSDAY,
Nov. 13 to 16,
At 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
A. "W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
.Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Colu. -
* - — ._ OFFICE 813 FOISOy ""* ': :