GIVEN AWAY...
W,th each cash WANT ADVERTISEMENT or-
dered in NEXT SUNDAYS CALL a MAGNIFI-
CENT PORTRAIT OF ADVIRAL DEWEY,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
' -4
-— --
VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 43.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS SAIL THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE
— 3 HE Second Oregon Volunteer
Regiment. Colonel Owen Sum
mers, commanding, minus only
Jj, those who fell ln battle or died
in the hospitals at Manila, ar
rived In port yesterday on the army
transports Newport and Ohio, after an
uneventful voyage of twenty-seven
days on summer seas, all fairly well
on board. The reception they received
could not have been warmer had they
been the best beloved sons of Califor
nia.
The transports were sighted at 2
o'clock in the afternoon off Point Reyes
and reported to the city by telephone.
In less than half an hour afterward,
the water, front from Meiggs Wharf to
the Folsom-street pier was alive with
humanity, awaiting the chance to yell
itself hoarse, to cheer and to wave its
myriad handkerchiefs \in greeting to
the home-coming boys ln brown. Flags
were shot out on the city's poles and
bunting was spread on every craft on
the bay; whistles tooted and tooted in
the hope that some echo of their inhar
monious concert might reach the home
ward bound; small craft and large craft,
whitehalls, yachts, tugs, launches and
ferry boats, crowded with people, be
gan moving to and fro in the vicinity
of the ferry depot, impatient for the
meeting. Crowds upon crowds lined the
edge of the water front, thronged the
piers and swarmed all over tne gaily
decorated ships moored alongside. The
wooden boundaries of the bay were ob
scured by walls of people eager to tes
tify their joy at the return of the Ore
gonlans and to add to the welcome the
Governor of the northern State and his
party had come to give their soldier
boys.
Governor Geer and his staff, in full
uniform, were at the Presidio with
Major General Shafter and staff,
lunching with Colonel Freeman, the
commandant of the post, when they
learned the news. They hastened at
once to the berth of the State tug. Gov
ernor Irwin, next to the transport dock
at Howard street. They were compell- \
< d to push their way through a big
crowd. On the dock they were met by
Adjutant General Seamans, N. G. C,
and staff. Harbor Commissioners Har
ney and Herold and officers of the
_u_val militia.
At 4 o'clock, its whistle tooting and
flags and bunting flying, the Governor
Irwin steamed out into the stream,
amid shrieking of whistles, turning
eastward by direction of the adjutant
general, to pass the Marion at Folsom-
Ftreet Wharf. The party on the Irwin
consisted of: ,
Governor Geer, Adjutant General
Tuttle and wife. Colonel Davige M.
Dunn and wife. Major A. B. Gillis, Mrs.
Jorgensen, Colonel S. C. Spencer and
wife, Major J. Mel. Wood, Captain E.
C. Mears, Mrs. M. B. Jackson, Misses
Nellie and Katie Flavel.
General Shatter, accompanied by
Lieutenant Colonel Plummer of the
Thirty-fifth Infantry, Major R. H.
Noble, Captain William H. McKittrick,
U. S. A., and R. D. Clark of New York.
With Adjutant General W. H. Sea
mans were Colonel J. F. Bergin, Lieu
tenant Colonels F. E. Beck, J. R. How
ell, J. S. Young, W. B. Sanborn, Assist
ant Adjutant General Thomas Cluff,
Major L.' F. Schmidt, Lieutenant
Colonel and Engineer Officer of Di
vision Charles L. Murphy and Captain
Hewes of the Signal Corps.
Captain Lewis H. Turner, Lieutenant
Commander Nierney and Lieutenant
Harlow of the Naval Battalion.
Colonel Jackson, retired, of the Sec
ond United States Cavalry, now in
spector general of Governor Geer's
staff, Surgeon General Greenleaf, U. S.
A., Dr. Pethers and Dr. O'Brien were
also on board.
As the bow of the Irwin shot into
view of the watchers the first shot of a
seventeen-gun salute was fired in honor
of Governor Geer, shot after shot fol
lowing until the tug had passed the
Naval Battalion boat and was turning
westward again to meet the incoming
transports. The tooting of the whistles
of the 'lrwin was notice to the other
vessels in the harbor that the chorus
could come in, and for the space of two
minutes one could not hear oneself
think so great was the din. The walls
of humanity along the front became
wildly animated and waved hats, hands
and handkerchiefs in the effort to con
vert themselves into human sema
phores to wigwag a godspeed to the
Gubernatorial party.
From every pier there darted out to
follow in the wake of the Oregonian
party gayly decorated craft laden with
sightseers, and long before the Irwin
had puffed abreast of Meiggs wharf
there was a beautiful naval parade.
The day was ideal for such a purpose.
The breeze was blowing in stiffly from
the ocean, fluttering out the flags, the
salty bay water was spraying in the
sunlight and the parading boats were
laden with beautiful, women and offi
cers in full regimentals.
Meiggs wharf, marking the end of the
city's water front, presented a beauti
ful sight. Several thousand people,
waving flags and head wear and white
kerchiefs, cheered as the welcoming
party passed, and the many flags on
the barge office caught just then an
extra blast of the breeze that dipped
them as if in salute.
Every rye was strained ahead for a
first glimpse of the transports. Gov
ernor Geer and the members of his
party took the stern of the boat for it,
with General Shatter and his staff,
where the spray could not reach them.
The San Francisco Call.
The Governor of Their State and His Military JStaff
Welcome Them on the Bay. a la/B,
From time to time hands shaded eyes
that peered out into the sunlit waste
of waters, but so strong was the glare
through the Gate that it was not until
the Governor Irwin was off the Fair
water lots that the smoke of the first
transport was seen to rise through the
haze.
"It's the Newport," was the cry, fol
lowed immediately by shrill blasts of
every "whistleable" thing in sight.
Sure enough, it was the Newport,
steam up and smoking like a furnace,
just entering the Gate. The Ohio could
not be made out, however, until some
five minutes afterward, when her com
ing was heralded by another cloud of
smoke a short distance behind. More
blowing of whistles greeted her com- |
ing, and the Jaunty quarantine launch
shot out from Meiggs wharf and the j
crowds on the small craft began j
wondering whether or not the yellow j
flag she was flying meant that the re- :
turning volunteers would be tied up in
a heart-breaking quarantine.
• Merrily the tugs and launches and
other small fry headed out, and nearer |
• ••••••••»•_»- X- m fe *
■ ---■■— . 1 _ 1 * ;
A GROUP OF O^ectqm U/<iiiE'_
and nearer they t came to the Newport, I
until it was easy to distinguish the fig- j
ures of men moving about the decks. !
Then Captain Hewes of the, Signal j
Corps of the California National Guard i
get out his little wigwag flag and made
motions which signified to the men on I
the transport that the Governor of Ore
gon was aboard the tug. A faint cheer j
could be heard coming across the ;
waters, and Governor Geer moved for- I
ward, climbed on the top of' the pilot j
house and' stood to welcome the regi- j
ment. The ladies of the Oregon party !
also moved, forward and several; of
them climbed the ladder to stand along- 1
side the Governor to get a first glimpse !
of the boys. ,_ .
Op the other tug the usual manifesta
tions of joy were being made. The eter
nal whistle was kept a- tooting, the pas
sengers shouted and shrieked and '■
shrilled their Joy. and, on the Sea j
Queen, the band started up "Home, |
Sweet Home," following it up with the !
suggestive lilt, "When Johnnie Comes j
Marching Home."
By this time the Newport was well i
inside and very close to the oncomir g j
tugs, so that the cheers .of the soldiers j
on the one and their wellwishers "on the j
other mingled in unison. The big trans- [
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
port began to slow up and to sound Its
whistle. The men on board could be
distinguished very plainly and It was
but a few seconds before their voices
could be heard in one cry:
"Frisco! Frisco! Muster us out in
Frisco!"
Cheers greeted this yell from every
welcoming boat and from none louder
than the Governor Irwin, where the gu-
bernatorial party was of the mind that
the wishes of the boys were the views
of their friends. *
And the band on the Sea, Queen
played, the soldier boys cheered and
their friends cheered back the faint
echoes of cheers could be heard from j
the wharves, whistles were blowing on j
the bay and on shore, but regularly '
above it all could be heard the strong I
soldier chorus:
"Frisco! Frisco! Muster us out at I
Frisco!" .
By this time the transport and the
State tug had come close together and
hoys from Manila were given a sight
of the Governor' who had succeeded ,
Governor Lord, by whom they were I
3 !-■ 1-8 X X X X :__r****"***"*-*¥
sent away. The tail figure of Governor
Geer was sharply outlined agalnct the
clear sky- as he stood bareheaaed on
the pilot house, waving his hat to the
cheers that were hurled at him.
"Hello, Governor, how's things at
home?", .was the most frequent greet
ing that fell on his ears, being sand
wiched in often between the steady
cries of "Frisco! Frisco! Muster us
out in Frisco!"
The Newport slowed to a stop at last,
the quarantine officers boarded her and
the Governor Irwin and other tugs went
alongside and there followed for the
next fifteen minutes such a flinging back
and forth of questions and answers as
has never before been heard on the
bay. Bundles, of newspapers were
tossed \ to the men on . board and
eagerly scrambled for. Scraps of in
formation to the effect that Jeff was
the champion, or that Fitz had been
knocked out by the Californlan were
eagerly devoured. Between the Gover
nor and . members of his party and the
officers and men on board the transport
there was a continued cross-fire of
questions. Away up on the bridge, the
white-headed figure 'of Brevet Briga
dier General Summers waved a greet
ing to the crowds in the boats below.
"How are you, Governor?" he cried
out. .
"I'm all right," said Governor Geer.
"How are all the boys?"
"Fine as silk," came the cheery an
swer, and the appearance of the men on
the Newport confirmed \ the, statement
and the rumor that' had floated around
in one way or another that the health
on board was good and that the" voy-
SCENES ATTENDING THE RETURN OF THE OREGON VOLUNTEERS
age up had been on a millpond. The
information was soon gleaned that the
few wounded aboard were on the rapid
road to recovery, that the- volunteers
had a perfect menagerie aboard, con
taining everything from a Chinese
"choo" dog to the wildest kind of a
monkey and ' the most agile Filipino
goat. Two ex-Spanish soldiers, it was
also explained, had been brought up,
perfectly satisfied with their new du
ties as company cooks. The head of a
young Filipino sticking out of one of
the portholes was the . signal for con
siderable inquiry, which was met with
the response that he had been captured
in a raid on one of Aguinaldo's bands
and was quite contented with his posi
tion as "kicker" for Captain Heath of
Company H. His . name is Manuel
Robles and he has succeeded In acquir
ing sufficient of the English .tongue on
his voyage to carry him for the ; rest
of his life.
Greetings having been exchanged all
along the line of the Newport^ the Gov
ernor's party, was headed far the Ohio,
which was rapidly nearing, its' whistles
blowing and its men cheering. Through
an : oversight, the- band } having been
placed on the Sea, Queen, the two bat
talions on the Ohio gained the impres
sion- that the Oregonian party which
they expected --was on that tug. \ The
consequence was that all craned their
necks in the direction ' of the Queen,
and despite the most faithful wigwag
ging of Captain Hewes they persisted
In believing that their Governor was'
anywhere else than on the Irwin.' ■■
"This Is the. Governor of Oiegon!
This is the Governor of Oregon!" time
after time shouted the officers on the
Irwin, but the boys on. the Ohio were
set in their notions and kept on cheer
ing and shouting toward the Sea Queen
the refrain started by their brothers on
the Newport, "Frisco! Frisco! Muster
us out in Frisco!" •
At last they, too, slowed up. • and a
similar scene to the one enacted a few
minutes before on and around the New
port was. repeated. The Governor, lo-
cated at last, was cheered lustily, and
responded ' by waving his hands and
bowing. In time the Irwin ran alongside
the second transport; and the same,
questions were asked and the same.
answers were given- as had been ex
changed a few minutes before. The
same whistlings and greetings and
cheerings were given again, and again
the information was* obtained that all
was well on board, the wounded im
proving splendidly and only one case
of sickness, that of Hotchkiss of H
Company, who was on the road to re
covery after having passed the ecu*.*;
stage of pneumonia.
Back again to the Newport the Irwin
steamed and there were more greet
ings, a plank was stretched across
and the Governor and the members of
his staff and the ladies of the party
went aboard. The wife of Colonel Sum
mers, who had awaited as patiently, as
possible the meeting with her. husband,
flew to the arms of the handsome colo
nel and for a full minute they hugged
each other, both being visibly affected
to tears.
That portion of the bay about the
brats was as animated as one could
wish, gay with color, alive with motion
and .vibrant with joyous sounds of
greeting. Tugs and launches [ were
thick as bees about the transport and
the bands on the transport Newport
and on the Sea Queen kept up a friend
ly rivalry that was beautiful; to f see.
' The Sea Queen had left Vallejo-street
'wharf at 4:15 o'clock sharp with one
hundred and fifty people. Supervisor
Bylngton, one of the members of the
Native Sons' committee, through the
I GIVEN AWAY... "~
With each cash WANT ADVERTISEMENT or-
dered in NEXT SUNDAYS CALL a MAGNIFI-
CENT PORTRAIT "OF ADMIRAL DEWEY,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing. " " vv
♦- . — — : ♦
efforts of which the tug had been se
cured, came up just as it- was five feet
from the wharf, but he refused to take
a chance. '-.*'• '
The tug was decorated with an Amer
ican flag on the stern and the bear flag,
emblem of the order, at the bow. An
other string of bear flags ran from the
bow to the' top of the smoke stack.
Allen's Iroquois band, which had
been engaged by Mayor Phelan for the
occasion, accompanied the party, arid
the music was a feature which excited
the soldiers on the incoming transports
to a high pitch of enthusiasm. ,
On the Sea Queen .were Colonel Wil
liam P. Sullivan, who represented
Mayor Phelan ; Harbor Commissioners
Herold, Harney and Kilburn; Secretary
William D. English, Chief Engineer
Howard Holmes, Chief ; , Wharfinger
Percy Henderson, 'Assistant Chief
George H. S. Dryden, and the Native
Sons' committee, consisting of Sheriff
Henry S. Martin. William D. Shea, Su
perior Judge Frank H. Dunne, F. H.
Mills, Grand Secretary Henry Lun
stedt and James P. Dockery.
The Sea Queen, after greeting, the
men on the Newport,' followed in the
wake of the Ohio, and when the band
struck up "The Star-spangled Banner"
every man on the transport took off his
hat and listened. .They stood bare
headed in a wind that ; played fantastic
tricks with their flowing locks, and
when the band finished there were
more cheers. "Some o>.' the Oregon boys
in their enthusiasm danced about the
decks when "Yankee Doodle" was
played, and the irrepressible man with
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the camera was in evidence on the
transport.
At this time the tug Fearless went
alongside of the Ohio, and on board
were Captain A. Barnason, marine su
perintendent, and Captain N. P.
Bateheldor, assistant quartermaster.
The tug John H. Redmond came up
with Supervisor Bymgton. who had
missed the Sea Queen by ten seconds.
With him were Advisory Expert to the
Supervisors A. G. Piatt, Mark Devine
and ethers, who braved the choppy sea
and the attendant moisture in their
zeal to help in giving the incoming sol
diers a royal welcome.
Aftei a good view had been obtained
by the Interested sp.ctators of the Ohio
and its precious human freight the tug
turned back to the 1-ewport again. The
steamers Ukiah and S-usalito came up
also with crowds of passengers, and
when the band commenced to play
"Annie Laurie" hearty cheers again
resounded across the blue waters. The
United States steamer Gulden Gate
came alongside with the quarantine
officers and some of them boarded the
transport.
The Oregon party on the Irwin lin
gered latest at the side of the Newport
and the Governor, by a personal visit
among the boys on board, satisfied him
self that the cry of "Frisco! Frisco!
Muster Us Out at Frisco!" was the
unanimous sentiment of the men.
' The men had heard from the first
boat they met coming in through the
Golden . Gate, which happened to be
the tug Reliance, Captain Gilbert Bro
kaw, that they were to go on to As
toria. The information fell like a wet
blanket upon them, which they imme
diately raised by the spontaneous cry
that they wanted to be mustered out
in San Francisco. The Reliance tooted
her whistle in' reply and unrolled The
Call flag and flew the signal "Wel
come."
They wanted their first welcome ln
'Sari*. Francisco," and they took no pains
to conceal their desire. The Governor
was officially informed of. it by Colonel
Summers, who said: "The boys are
unanimous that they should be mus
tered, out here. It means $35,000 travel
pay sirid ration allowance to them and
they need the money. I am in favor of
mustering them out here. The Gov
ernor was of the same opinion, and
most of the members of his party, only
one or two thinking it would be better
for the men to be taken in the trans
ports to Oregon.
" 'Frisco! 'Frisco! Muster us out at
'Frisco!" the cry continued to go up as
if the very voicing of the desire would
compel the granting of the wish. An
official call on the captains of . the
transports for information concerning
their coal and provisions elicited the
replies that they had enough to take
them north, with the exception of
water for their bpilers. This informa
tion was hailed with delight by the
men who heard it. They knew it
meant some delay, and delay meant
the chance of a change in the orders.
Governor Geer and the members of
his party held a hasty consultation and
decided to send a telegram to Washing
ton asking that the wish o~" the men be
gratified. They also agreed to send
telegrams to Portland to raise a sub
scription to charter a train and take
the regiment up intact in case it should
be mustered out at this city. A whisper
of this got to the boys and they cheered
again and again, changing their song
to "Frisco! Frisco! They'll muster us
out at Frisco!"
Greetings were over at last, the cap
tains of the transports got their or
ders to haul in anchor and sail to a
mooring off Folsom-street wharf, the
Irwin steamed up and was off. the men
giving the Governor j and his party a
rousing cheer at leaving. In a few
minutes the transports were under way
and the whistles of the city started up
as they moved, drawing more thous
ands down to the army transport
wharf, where they gave the soldier
boys of the north a genuine: welcome.
A few of the officers of the regiment.
Colonel Su rimers among: others, came
ashore during the evening and register
ed at the Occidental, where they stated
as their opinion that the Government
would listen to the voice of the men
and muster them out here.
A dispatch was sent to the adjutant
general at Washington arid his reply is
expected to-day. Until he decides the
men must remain, on the transports.
If they ever do come ashore to be mus
tered out it is certain that even their
own Portland will not give them half
the welcome San Francisco is ready to
add to the greeting of yesterday.
TELEGRAMS FLEW
FOR OREGONIANS
Colonel Summers Speaks of
the Bravery of His
Men.
Early last evening Governor Geer
and Colonel Summers consulted as to
what was best to be done, what plans
had best be agreed upon for the muster
ing out of the Oregon Regiment. First
it -was decided to communicate with the
department at Washington, and this
telegram was forwarded to the adjutant
general: •; :
San Francisco Harbor, Steamship New
port, July 12, 1599.
Adjutant General. U. S. A., Washing
ton. P. C. : Oregon troops just arrived;
unaninously object to being mustered out
at Portland and lose the right of travel
allowance, and request to be mustered out.2
.t San Francisco and get travel allow
ance.- Can they not be mustered out here
and receive travel pay, paycar to be at
tached to the train and the men paid en
route, and ordnance turned over at Van
couver and final dlsbandment to be mad«
in Portland? O. St MMJ3RB.
Colonel Commanding Second Oregon Reg
iment.
Governor Geer sent the accompanying
telegram indorsing Colonel Summers'
request:
In deference to the unanimous wish of
the Oregon regiment, I indorse Colonel
Summers' request for mustering out in
San Francisco. T. T. GEER,
Governor of Oregon.
Word was next sent to Mr. Scott of
the Portland Oregonian informing him
of the plan decided upon, and word j
came back that -the people of Oregon j
favored the wish of the volunteers be- I
ing carried out, and then the dis
tinguished party retired to await word
from headquarters.
"Of the conditions in the Philippines i
I can say but little," said Colonel Sum
mers, "but if 1 had time I could say
much of the conduct, the bravery and j
the fortitude of the boys from Oregon. j
A general idea of our labors during th
campaigns may be gained through j
•knowledge of the fact that In twenty
eight days we had twenty-two engage- \
ments. We had forty-two engage- ;
ments in all during the five campaigns j
in which the regiment took part. The j
Ore-gonians had the distinction of con
stituting the only two flying brigades
in the field. Stripped to the undershirt
of blue and carrying nothing but. cut
guns and ammunition we made rapid
time and rendered, as we have been
told and know valuable service.
"Our hardest battle was at Malabon, |
where forty-seven of the regiment were j
wounded and nine killed. The total
number of our killed was sixty-two,
wounded eighty-six. A fact to be re
gretted is that we could not bring back |
the bodies of the boys who fell in bat- I
tle. It was found that the embalming !
process was a failure, and consequently j
the bodies must lie in their graves for ,
six months, after which time they will
be taken up, hermetically sealed and
returned, perhaps on a separate trans
port.
"In conclusion I will say this much
of the conditions in the Philippines.
While it is true that Lawton has suc
ceeded in breaking up the last of the :
large bodies under command of Aguin
aldo, there are still thousands of rebels |
in the field, and time alone will con
quer them. It will require a large
body of troops in order that captured j
territory may be held and cities evacu- |
ated by the Filipinos garrisoned to in- j
sure against their return.
"The death of General Luna was ac- ;
cepted favorably by all who heard it.
Doubtless he was the most dar.gerous
man in the rebel army, and his passing
was but little regretted. Just how
the noncombatants among the Filipinos
look upon the rebel forces it is hard to
tell. Whether they believe them to be j
martyrs or professional insurrectionists
is not known. The large majority of
Filipinos do but little thinking, and
have come to accept war as a natural
condition, but all have learned to know ;
and respect at least one thing— the
fighting capacity of the American sol- j
dier."
"This is a proud day for me," said j
Governor Geer, "for I feel that our I
boys are coming home covered with
glory. The people of Oregon will ever I
honor thtir brave sons who enlisted at i
the first call and sailed away to Manila
to do their share of the fighting. 1 hey
will be royally received when they re
turn to their homes. At present all are
uncertain as to just how the muster
ing out of the regiment will be con
ducted or where. Until we hear from ;
the adjutant general at Washington
regarding the communication we have
forwarded no further plans will be
made. The talked-of plan of mustering
out in this city and calling upon the
people of Oregon to subscribe sufficient
funds with which to charter a train to ;
carry the boys to their homes has been
temporarily dropped, but in the event
of adverse news from Washington |
something must be done, and it is not j
improbable that this plan will be
adopted. AH we can do now is to await
developments."
LED THE OREGONS.
A List of the Officers of the Gallant
Second.
Following is a list of the men who have '
so ably commanded the fighting men of j
the Second Oregon Volunteer Infantry:
Headquarters, field staff and band-
Colonel Owen Summers, Lieutenant Colo- J
nel George O. Yoran, Major C. W. Gan- j
tenbein, Major Percy Willis, Major P. G. j
Eastwick. Major Surgeon _£. H. Ellis, ;
Captain William S. Gilbert, First Lieu- ,
tenant E. P. Crowne, First Lieutenant L. ;
H. Knapp.
Company Captain H. L. Heath, First ;
Lieutenant Ralph Piatt, Second Lieuten- j
ant J. A. Young.
Company B— Captain J. L. May, First
Lieutenant F. B. Hamlin, Second Lieu
tenant J E. Thornton.
Company C— Captain W. S. Moon, First
Lieutenant R. S. Huston, Second Lieuten
ant F. W. Haynes. " .
Company D— Captain A. F. Pres-cott.
First Lieutenant George A. Hartman Jr.,
First Lieutenant F. S. Kelly. Second Lieu
tenant F. A. Meade.
Company E— Captain R. E. Davis. First
Lieutenant T. W. Dunbar, First Lieuten- ;
ant A. J. Brazee, Second Lieutenant E. J. :
Bryan.
Company F— Captain J. F. Case. First ;
Lieutenant Edwin Grimm, First Lieuten- i
ant Rheese Jackson, Second Lieutenant E.
W. Moore.
Company Captain William Gadsby,
Firr.t Lieutenant H. R. Barber, Second
Lieutenant George W. Walfe.
Company H— Captain C. E. McDonald,
First Lieutenant A. B. Guttzmacher, Sec
ond Lieutenant J. A. McKinnon.
Company I— Captain L. L. Piekins, First
lieutenant M. D. Phillips, Second Lieu
tenant W. A. Huntley.
Company X—CaptainK — Captain E. O. Warrick,
First Lieutenant Ralph W. Terrell, Sec
ond Lieutenant Charles A. Murphy.
Company L— Captain H. L. Wells, First
Lieutenant George T. Telfer, Second Lieu
tenant George W. Povey.
Company M— Captain J. M. Poorman,
First Lieutenant W. S. Finzer, Second
Lieutenant C. R. Platts.
Stowaways Under Arrest.
When the big transport Newport was
several days out from Manila, the offi
cers of the vessel became aware of the
fact that a number of stowaways were
aboard. A general search, was then in
stituted, which revealed a nest of near
ly twenty of these worthies. Food had
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
cmggists; all sorts of people use it. • : \
GOVERNOR GEER CATCHES SIGHT OF THE INCOMING VESSELS.,
The Oregon executive stands in the center of the group, his hands shading his eyes.
Photograph by J. R. Hodson, 416 Geary street.
been furnished them by the men of the i
Oregon regiment.
The Government officials at Wash- j
ington have been in receipt of informa
tion from Manila stating that deser
tions have occurred from a number of
regiments. As soon as the Newport ar
rived she was boarded by an army offi
cer and all of the stowaways were or
dered placed under arrest. Should they j
prove deserters, a term of imprison- j
ment stares them in the face.
Officers' Wives On Board.
The ladies who returned on the
transports are Mrs. Major Willis, Mrs. j
Lieutenant King, Mrs. Lieutenant
Hayes, Mrs. Captain William Nichol of j
the Twenty-third Infantry, Mrs. Lieu- j
tenant Nichols of the Ninth Infantry, •
Mrs. Captain Clagett of the Twenty
third Infantry, and Dr. Frances Wood, j
a Red Cross nurse. '
Tu_cs Meet Transports Carrying the Incoming Oregonians.
Among the officers of the United
States army who have returned are
Major Bates of the Eighteenth Infan
try, Captain John B. Jeffreys, who has
been division quartermaster of Hollo,
and Major Dickens of the Oregon
Marines.
THE HISTORY OF THE REGIMENT.
If ""T"" HE State of Oregon was called upon by President McKinley |J
I to furnish her quota of troops on April 25, 1898. Five days -m
•m I later Governor Lord made his appointment of officers and con- _
*L solidated the companies of the Oregon National Guard into _?
a the Second Regiment, Oregon Volunteers. Colonel O. Summers of ]g
J the First Regiment, O. N. G., was appointed colonel, taking com- -m
-m mand of the camp, relieving Colonel Gantenbein.
*" On. May 11 the First Battalion, consisting of Companies A, B, m
V C and D, in command of Major C. U. Gantenbein, under orders from J
it the War Department, broke camp and at 4:30 p. m. left for San -m
_. Francisco. The - battalion arrived here three days later. On their **
_5 arrival at the ferry the members of the battalion were royally B
~g treated by the Red Cross ladies of San Francisco. After they had J
iar been bedecked with flowers and warmed with coffee and edibles they -m
■ were marched to the Presidio through cheering crowds.
* The Second and Third Battalions broke camp' on May 16 and m
]» left Portland for this city in command of Colonel Summers. A jg
similar reception was accorded them here. The battalions joined
_* the camp of their fellow-soldiers and remained there, drilling and m
Jj preparing for their journey to the seat of war. |f
-* Camp was again broken May 25 and the * regiment was -at
™ marched through the city and enthusiastically cheered by patriot- *
_»• ie citizens. They boarded the Australia and departed on their jour- §
J ney to the Philippines. The transport stopped at Honolulu, the men JJ
■m disembarking and being royally entertained by the people of that -m
■" city. After four days the regiment re-embarked and continued on to ■"
_f Guam. The honor of receiving the surrender of the Spanish garrison m
W of that place was accorded one of its battalions. From Guam the jj
-m regiment proceeded to Luzon and landed at Cavite on June 30. , ™
" The regiment remained in the latter place until after the sur- **
_? render of Manila, when a portion of it was landed in the city as a If
W bodyguard to General Wesley Merritt. From that time until the W
-m breaking out of the Filipino troubles the regiment acted as a provost -m
™ guard. fji _ -. ■
j_f When General Lawton started on his .flanking expedition on m
M April 20, 1899, the Oregon troops formed a part of his command." - ■
-. It moved toward San Isidro, via Norzagray, a distance of forty-five -j*
" miles in a straight line from Manila, but in the circuituous route ™
If taken by the soldiers proved one of the longest marches of the cam- 2?
W paign. The march of the troops was disputed. throughout, and skirm- Wishes
— ishes and small battles were frequent. At Maasin Colonel Sum- -m
B mers led his regiment across the river in the face of a terrible fire ™
J and drove the enemy out of their breastworks. For his brave charge ; If
-m the commander of the Oregonians was brevetted brigadier general .If
and Captain Case of F company, a brevet major. The expedition grad- '
M ually withdrew from San Isidro and arrived in Manila in June, 1899. _•
•a From that time until it left there, twenty-seven days ago, it had. M
been doing garrison duty. '*':-'. -: • . -•- "__
I I
X" P--)s_PaP-iP3i^;E--feSa|S3lEaP_ifeS3i?2a!Bite^i isa Pa Sa fox t-a |s_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
TRANSPORT CITY OF
PARA TO SAIL TO-DAY j
The City of Para will sail for Manila
this afternoon with four companies of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, Major Wigant |
commanding, and two troops of the j
Fourth Cavalry. Colonel Freeman will not
go with his regiment, as originally intend- i
ed, but will remain in command of the j
Presidio, Lieutenant J. D. Leitch, his ad- j
jutant, will also remain behind. The order j
for the soldiers to board the transport was
received at the Presidio yesterday. It is I
signed by Assistant Adjutant General '
Babcock, and directs that the >'><>'■> mem
bers of the Twenty-fourth who are to
take passage on the steamer be assembled I
ready to embark on the General McDowell
at 9:30 this morning:. They will be taken
on the McDowell direct to the City of
Para.
Colonel Gilbert S. Carpenter, Eighteenth
Infantry, and Colonel William H. Blsbee,
Thirteenth Infantry, have arrived from
the East and -will also sail on the City ot
Per a.
Governor Goo,- and staff of Oregon were
the guests of Major General Shatter yes
terday. The party, consisting of Governor
Geer, Adjutant General B. B. Tuttle,
Colonel D. M. Dunne, Colonel Jackson,
Colonel A. B. Gillis, Colonel S. C. Spencer,
Major J. Mel. Wood.- Captain C. E. Mears
of Oregon and Adjutant General Seamans
of California, was met at 9:30 in the morn,
ing- by Major Noble, representing General
Shafter. and escorted to the Presidio and
Fort Point. General Shafter personally
accompanied the Governor on a tour of
Inspection of the batteries and fortifica
tions at Fort Point, and by his order a
salute of seventeen guns was fired in hon
or of Oregon's executive.
Company B, United States Engineers,
arrived from Willetts Point, N. V., yes
terday and went to Angel Island on the
McDowell. Captain Sibert Is In command
of the two companies, which consists of
three officers, 150 enlisted men, one assist
ant surgeon and two hospital men. They
will go to the Philippines later. Colonel
Rawles, Third Artillery, has reported for
duty with his regiment at Angel Island.
Major W. S. Matthews has been ordered
to the Philippines. He will be succeeded
as executive officer at the general hos
pital at the Presidio by Captain Shaw, as
sistant surgeon. *
Captain J. Franklin Bell, formerly aid
to General Forsyth when the latter was in
command of the Department of Califor
nia, will "be colonel of the Thirty-sixth
Infantry. . • ,■:'•'-.. „  ,
Major Burkholder, in charge of the local
recruiting office, has received the expected
blanks from Washington, and recruiting
for the Thirty-fifth Volunteer Regiment
will actively begin this morning at 9
j o'clock. ' '. ■-?:■-.'■
LOSES MONEY ON
FAKE FOOTRACE
Livermore Merchant Is
Bunkoed.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, July 12.— A. Bistorious, a
merchant of Livermore, turned over $1000
to a trio of sharpers to-day. He parted
with his money on the ancient footrace
fake. Bistorious has strict business ideas,
but does not object to picking up a few
dollars on clean sport. Recently he met
a man giving the name of Gibson, at
Livermore, and soon became convinced
that he had made the acquaintance of
the greatest sprinter of the coast. Gib
son made • a match which was to have
been pulled off at Livermore to-day, and
so confident was the merchant of his/
man's speed that he willingly put up
$1000 in. gold coin against a much less
amount offered by a man who was ' in
on the game."
All the parties met at Lathrop to-day.
A railroad man named Smith, said to be
from Livermore, was selected for referee,
and a Mr. Southwell of Lathrop became
stakeholder. Two men named Harrison
and Sampson also officiated in the affair.
The agreement was that the referee
should count three and then fire a re
volver as a signal for the start.
He fired the pistol but did no counting.
Bistorious' man pretended to be confused
and before he made up his mind to go his
opponent was far in the lead and won out.
The referee promptly declared that Gib
son had lost, and in spite of the mer
chant's spirited protest Stakeholder
Southwell gave the $1000 to the other man..
The men came to town and are having
a good time, while Bistorious is seeking
some way to reach them by law as he
declares the- fake was too apparent. .
Unionists Win.
LONDON, July 12.— 1n the Parliamen
tary election held to-day in the eastern
division of St. Pancras, London, to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of
Robert Grant Webster, Conservative,
Thomas Wrightson, the Unionist candi
date, defeated B. F. Costello, the Liberal
and Radical candidate, by 187 votes.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived July 13-Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 12— Stmr St
Louis, f rom ' New York. -
EVANS DENOUNCED
BY THE VETERANS
President Is Asked to
Remove Him*.
ACTION TAKEN AT SANTA CRUZ
— • —
HEAD OF THE PENSION BUREAU
SCORED.
— — •
Under the Shady Redwood Bowers at
Camp Wallace Reynolds the Old
Soldiers Sit Down to
a Feast.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. July 12.— This has been a
big day at Camp Wallace Reynolds. All
the- old soldiers in camp and all who re
side with their families in Santa Cruz sat
down to a feast. Under the shady red
wood bower in the center of the camp had
been placed two tables, each over 100 fee*
In length. Here the Wallace Reynolds
Relief Corps of Santa Cruz had prepared
a dinner "fit for a King." It would not
have been a Grand Army dinner without
I baked beans, and these were served.
as were salads, meats, chicken, cof
fee, doughnuts and a variety of other
good things. After the inner man had
been satisfied there was a flow of wit and
wisdom, with speeches by Judge Buckles,
prominent Grand Army men and women
in camp and members of the Grand Army
post of Santa' Cruz. All voted this the
most pleasant affair since Camp Wallace
Reynolds was opened.
, Last night an important meeting was
held in camp' to consider the removal of
Henry Clay Evans as head of the Pension
Bureau. W. W. King of this city was in
the chair and J.. M. Butler of San Jose
acted as secretary. The following resolu
tions were presented and unanimously
adopted: •
The North Central California Veteran Re
union Association and visiting Veterans of the
Civil War. In convention assembled in the city
of Santa Cruz, State of California, do resolve
as follows:- , •
Whereas, Although this Is a voluntary and
non-partisan assemblage of old soldiers, veter
ans of the civil war. in attendance at Wallace
Reynolds Camp, in the city of Santa Cruz, and
DEATH ROLL OF OREGONIANS.
. pa f»a te Pi is? fe j_a
THE SECOND OREGON VOLUNTEERS came back mourning
fifty-nine of their comrades, who fell in the Philippines. Fif
teen of them died in battle charging the foe and forty-four suc
cumbed to diseases peculiar to tropical climates. The roll of the
Oregon dead is: _ V-
H. P. ADAMS, B. -J CHARLES F. McGINNON, F.
HERB. B. APPLEGATE, B. £ E. R. McILVAINE, H.
HENRY ARPIN, E. t ' CHARLES MEADE, C.
~-». « -cc tt -D-c-TT -M- 3- GUY MILLARD, L. .
CHARLES U. BELL, M. J LEWIg A MILLER> ■
JOE L. BERRY, M. * c E jIINIER, M.
BERT B. CHANDLER, C. J E. K. MORSE, L.
BERT J. CLARK, A. - J FRED J. NORTON, F.
WILLIAM D. COOK, D. _- ELIOT W. ORDWAY, EL
MICHAEL P. CROWLEY, D. J H. O. OFLAHERTY, L.
PEARL O. DOTY, C. * C. P. OLIVER, H.
OTIS DREW, C. * JAMES G. PAGE, D.
JOHN FENTON, B. * HENRY PAYNE, M.
WILLIAM FIELDS, L. * CLYDE PERKINS, K.
ORMOND FLETCHER, C. J RICHARD E. PERRY, A.
E. W. HAMPTON, H. * JAMES W. POWERS, B.
WISTAR HAWTHORNE, C. J RALPH A. ODELL, A.
JAMES HARRINGTON, G. J J. J. REID, M.
CHARLES HERBERT, L, J GEORGE EICHHAMER, G.
HARRY B. HIBBARD, K. * FRANK E. ROFENO, G.
FRANK M. HIBBS, A. . J W. H. ROBERTS, B.
ROBERT HOFFMAN, M. * CHARLES H. BUHL, H.
RUFUS K. HOLCOMBE, C. J ERNEST G. SEGUR, F.
CHARLES L. HORN, C. A JOHN SPIERINGS, H.
C. W. HUBBARD, K. J GEORGE W. STORMER, B.
ELIAS HUTCHINSON, M. £ . L. V. STRAWDERMAN, L.
EDGAR J. JOHNSON, D. * HAVES B. TAYLOR, L.
LYMAN KELSEY, D. J JAY E. TAYLOR, E.
CHARLES F. KENT, C. * • HARRY . M. WHEELER, D.
ASA McCUNE, A..^; J EDWARD C. YOUNG, A.
visiting comrades, yet we cannot but rejoice
that at the head of our Government there Is a
comrade of our arms, tried and true; and. at
the time &i the appointment and confirmation
of another comrade in arms, Hon. H. Clay
, Evans, to the head of the Bureau of Pensions,
we. In common with all the veterans of the
United States, believed that we had further and
! additional cause to rejoice;
"Whereas, The said Bureau of Pensions has
' more intimately to do with the old soldier,
and especially the old soldier battle-scarred in
defense of his country, or disabled by the hand
of time, than any other department of the Gov
ernment, and as a consequence upon the ap
pointment to the control of that bureau one
who should know and appreciate the hardships
undergone, the sufferings endured and the needs
of the old soldier, we believed we had as such
i bureau head one who would, while exactly and
' Impartially administering his department, sym
pathize with and enter Into the feelings and
■ conditions of the veterans; and .
Whereas We have been grievously disap-
I pointed In 'such head of such bureau, occasioned
by his unjust; unfair and unfriendly treatment
Of the veterans who have been compelled to
! come in contact with his office; and
Whereas. The said head of said bureau has
by inconsiderate and harsh rules, by per
versions of the laws, as shown by the resolu
tions of the national Grand Army of the Re
public encampment. September 2S, 1898. by un
necessary delays in administration as to the
claims of the sick, disabled and needy old Mi
dlers their widows and children, by prescrib
ing rules and methods onerous and unneces
sary and by a course of conduct tending to
annoy, harass and vex applicants to his bureau
I without the betterment of the service, and has
by every means In his power shown himself out
of touch and without sympathy for and un
appreelative of the old soldiers, and himself to
he an autocrat; he It .
Resolved That we. the old soldiers aforesaid.
In meeting assembled, desire to and hereby ex
-1 press our strongest condemnation of the course
pursued by said Hon. H. Clay Evans, as head
of sad bureau, and respectfully petition the
pr-esldent to. remove him from a position of
which he has no appreciation, and ln which he
neither honors the country, the veterans nor
the administration. -
Resolved. That a copy hereof be forwarded
to the President and the same be published In
the press.
The programme which followed was in
' charge of and given by Los Gatos talent.
It opened with all singing "Tenting on the
Old Camp Ground." There were a recita
tion by Miss Jennie Fitch, an instru
mental solo by Miss Evans, a vocal solo,
"Waiting for a Little Bite." by Ethel
Hall; a recitation by Miss Gabler, a vocal
solo by Miss May Kellam, the reading of
an original poem by Mrs. Evans, a vocal
solo, "Glory Hallelujah"; addresses by
Comrade Lawrence and Juige Buckles;
"America" by all.
This evening the ladies of the Grand
Army of San Jose gave an excellent pro
gramme, which included an instrumental
solo by Miss Josephine Mordaunt; vocal
solo, Mrs. William Grantz; original poem,
Mrs. Stone of San Jose; recitation. Miss
Sellna Newman; vocal solo. Comrade Tur
ner: fancy dance, jig. Miss Leslie Centner
of Sacramento; vocal duet, Mrs. Lola
Frost and Belle Mordaunt of San Jose;
vocal duet. Misses Ollie Frost and Cora
Hoem of San Jose; fancy dance, sailors"
hornpipe. Ollie Frost of San Jose; reci
tation. Mr. Taylor. Addresses were given
by Judge Buckles and Rev. J. B. Orr.
There were twelve more arrivals last
evening. There are now fifty-nine tents
on the ground and 213 campers.
SHIP NEARLY
CAUGHT BY
SLIDING ICE
City of Topeka's Narrow
Escape While Passing
Muir Glacier.
AVALANCIIEDESCENDS
— * —
Immense Wave Caused by the Slide
Threatens the Vessel With
destruction..
. TACOMA,- July Juneau advices
received to-day contain a thrilling ac
count of a narrow escape from destruc
tion "---the steamship City of Topeka
and all her passengers on the last trip
Ito Alaska. For some reason, probably
i to avoid frightening prospective tour
[ ists, the steamship's officers and others
who were aboard the Topeka have re
! framed from making public the details.^
The Topeka was close to the face of*
j Muir glacier, when suddenly and with
■ ' out any warning an immense mountain
J of ice broke off from the glacier's face
; and tumbled into the bay. Thousands
of tons of white and blue ice were con
; tamed in this vast mass. The splash
was so tremendous that it seemed as if
i half the glacier had fallen. To make
i the occurrence still more startling, this
j vast iceberg was set in motion by its
fall and floated in a straight line to
ward the Topeka and her 200 passen
gers. Faces whitened and hearts beat
fast at the sight of what appeared to
be an approaching catastrophe. It was
instantly realized that the ship would
I be wrecked and probably sunk if the
: iceberg hit her. Still another element
i of danger was presented by the on
i rushing of the . tidal wave, caused by
the tremendous splash.
The Topeka's captain had signaled
for full steam ahead almost before the
iceberg broke. The big excursion
steamer was got under way so
quickly that she got away from both
wave and iceberg before they reached
| her. This was accomplished not a mo
ment too soon, for the Immense swell
broke over the Topeka's stern, causing
every one aboard to rush to the center
! and forward parts of her deck. One of
; the Topeka's officers is quoted in tl_e
' Juneau Mining Record as having said:
"I have faced danger in many forms,
I but none that for suddenness and ap
palling possibilities surpassed, this. If
that wave had struck us fairly the In
dians would be telling this tale, and
not I."
Some of the passengers did not realize
their great danger and were inclined
to treat the matter in a Joking light, but
the gravity of the situation became ap
parent when they saw the white and
serious faces of the ship's officers. A
peculiar and weird feature of the occur
rence is the fact that the Topeka's
whistle was blown loudly just as the
I glacier broke, and it seemed as if the
j echo had caused the breaking of the ice
mass. Hereafter none of the steamers
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany will be allowed to approach so
near to the face of Muir glacier.
. Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sundays Cuff, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing. .V*: ■
RANKS OF VOLUNTEERS
TERRIBLY THINNED
MANILA, July 11.— The volunteers are
greatly debilitated in consequence of their
hard campaigning through three months
of tropic weather. Since the middle of
May no volunteer regiment has had a
sick list of less than 20 per cent- Most
of them at the present date have 25 per
cent ill, and a few regiments have less
than one-third of their number on duty.
The Nebraska Regiment has suffered
the worst. It came in from San Fernando
a few days ago with less than two hun
dred men in the ranks. Some of its com
panies has only two sets of fours. The
South Dakota followed yesterday with
275 men on duty. The Montana and Kan
sas regiments at San Fernando have not
more than 2SO available men each. The
morning after the Washington troops
took Morong, a week ago, only 263 men
responded to roll call.
The Washington men have been engaged
since March 12 in preventing the in:ur
gent armies of the north and south from
forming a junction in the region of La
cuna de Bal, often being engaged at the
same time with the enemy in opposite
directions. Twenty-four of the Nebraska
officers are on the sick list, and the Mon
tana Kansas, Washington and South Da
kota regiments show twenty or more of
ficers in the hospitals or sick in their
quarter* These regiments have borne the
blunt of the fighting. Their losses in
killed and wounded range from 160 in the
Montana regiment to 2SO Nebraska men.
The loss of the Kansas regiment is sec
ond to that of Nebraska. The Washing
ton and South Dakota men follow close
ly each with losses of about 200. The
Oregon regiment also suffered severely.
Of the regulars the Third Artillery is th©
heaviest loser, its • killed and wounded
numbering 123.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE AND LONGEST Es-
tablished Specialist on the Pacific Coast.
CURES
All diseases of men, no matter how long stand-
ing, or complicated.
In addition to being the most learned and
scientific specialist Dr. . Sweany has the most
complete and best equipped medical and surgi-
cal offices in the West for the treatment and
cure of rupture, varicocele, contagious blood
poison, syphilis and all ; private diseases, ail-
ments of the bladder, stomach, heart and kid-
neys.
WEAK, NERVOUS MEN
Should lose no time in consulting Dr. Sweany
He restores lost vigor and vitality, builds up
the shattered nervous system, caused by ex-
cesses and - self abuse. Dr. Sweany can and
will make a man of you, no matter who else
has failed. Your case is always under, the per-
sonal supervision of the most scientific special-
ists In the West. .
Diseases of women a specialty. Electricity
administered where necessary.
No printing on envelopes or packages. Al.
letters confidential. Call or address
F . L. SWPANY. M. n., 787'Ma-ket - t .
Hours— to 5 and 7 to S; Sunday, 10 to _,NATIONAL EDUCATORS DISCUSS THE INTELLECTUAL DESTINY OF AMERICA
LOS ANGELES. July 12.— The last ot
the specials from the East bringing
delegates to the Rational Educa
tional Association Convention ar
rived this morning and the full
quota of visitors is now on hand.
The incident of the day in National Ed
ucational Association circles was the sud
den resignation of I. C. McNeill of West
Superior, Wis., who has been active treas
urer for six years. McNeill neither de-
Fired a renomination nor to remain In of
fice.
The nominating committee, before which
is placed the names of all candidates, mcl
at a late hour this afternoon. The follow
ing comprise the Western division: Mon
tana, J. P. Hendricks; Wyoming, Miss
Estella Reel; Colorado, Aaron Gove; New
Mexico, C. M. Light; Arizona, F. X.
Cooler; Utah. J. M. Tanner; Nevada,
Thomas F. Brown; Idaho. Miss Dorris
McMasters: Washington, R. S. Bingham;
Oregon, Frank Rigler; California, J. W.
MeClemonds.
As- stated in these dispatches, a dignified
campaign was waged for the office of
president. When the names of Foshay,
Brown and Webster of California wore
presented these candidates were with
drawn as a graceful compliment to the
other candidates, as the convention this
year was being held in the Golden State.
This left the contest between Professor
Jordon of Minneapolis, L. D. Harvey cf
Wisconsin and O. T. Corson, ex-School
Commissioner of Ohio. The reports of
the geographical sections were favorable
to Corson, which again shows it is a good
thing to come from Ohio. The committee
will report Corson's name to the conven
tion to-morrow for balloting, and as that
body seldom disregards the report of the
committee it can be taken for granted
that the Buckeye man will be the Na
tional Educational Association president
for 19-1900.
McNeill's resignation forced the filling
of that office. The friends of Professor
L. C. Greenlee of Denver and those of C.
G. Pearse of Omaha labored diligently
for a few hours. The committee will rec
cii'.menJ Pearse of Omaha.
The question where the next convention
shall be held will to-morrow be decided.
The contest has narrowed down to
Charleston and Montreal. Cincinnati will
not make a bid for the honor, as that
State has secured the presidency in Cor
son. It is said to-night that the 100 boom
ers from Cincinnati held the convention
city card up fhelr sleeves to play against
the field for the presidency. Charleston
is still In the lead, and unless unfore
seen contingencies appear will carry off
the prize.
When President E. O. Lyte called to
order the general session of the National
Educational Convention this morning
there sat before him such an audience as
Was seen but once before in this city. The
crowd in Hazards' Pavilion was not as
great as the one that packed the Audi
torium yesterday afternoon. The fact
that the programme to-day was of a more
technical character had much to do with
reducing the size of the audience, though
the pleasant weather and the innumera
ble counter attractions hereabouts had
something to do with it. The audience
was composed principally of women, their
bright "flower garden" hats and pretty
summer gowns throwing completely Into
the shade the delegates of the sterner sex.
It was an intellectual audience. It was
attentive, appreciative and. needless to
say, more decorous. The bright faces and
pretty creations of art of milliners and
modistes seemed suited to the aesthetic
environments of the decorations that had
transformed the great Auditorium into a
bower of beauty. The addresses were lis
tened to with attention, the auditors
seemingly being determined to absorb all
th'j Instructive thoughts that were uttered
by the authors of the papers.
"Fundamentals In Teaching" was the
subject of a paper by L. D. Harvey, Su
perintendent of Public Instruction for
Wisconsin. Mr. Harvey said:
The following Is suggested as furnishing a
basis for the development of the method of de
termining what is to be done for and in any
given recitation.
The teacher must have in mind a definite
purpose or purposes to be realized in the next
recitation.
2— The teacher must have in mind the things
which must be known or done in order that
the purposes may be realized.
3 The teacher must determine what of the
things falling under No. 2 the pupil now knows
or can now do.
4 — He must determine what of the things
enumerated in No. 2 the pupil still has to learn
or to do. and the order In which they should
be known or done.
When these four things have been deter
mined the teacher Is ready to consider the
question of how these things shall be taught
or learned, and until these four things are
determined any consideration of the how is
a putting of the cart before the horse. Other
things being equal, the best teaching Is al
ways done when this order of procedure is fol
lowed by the teacher, either consciously or un
consciously, perhaps best when unconsciously
followed.
Mrs. Helen Grenfell, State Superinten
dent of Public Instruction of Colorado,
delivered an. address entitled "Quo Vadi
mus." She said in part:
Some parents have believed that the educat
ing or failing to educate their children was
a matter for their sole decision, but the con
ception of the state seems to me that the child
does not exist entirely for the parents' good,
but for the good of all. Compulsory education
is apparently an infringement of parents'
rights, although certainly a necessity at pres
ent. •
"The Average Scholarship of the Aver
ago Pupil," was the topic of a paper
read by Professor Frank Rlgler, Super
intendent of Schools at Portland, Ore.
The sneaker drew attention to the neces
sity for arranging the course of study
to suit the peculiar needs of each child.
He said that under the present system
each child was expected to do as much
as his fellow student and that his spe
cial ability along any one line did not re
ceive sufficient recognition. A system
whereby the child could have one class
teacher, but at the same time be allowed
to take studies in other grades, for which
his ability fitted him, was advocated.
A brief talk by Professor J. H. Hine
mon of Pine Bluff. Ark., who represented
the Southern Educational Association,
was listened to with interest. He said
in part:
More than thirty years ago a little less, than
4,000,000 of slaves in the South were suddenly
emancipated, and shortly thereafter they were
endowed with all the rights of American citi
zenship. This imposed on the whites of the
South the gravest problem that has ever con
fronted the Anglo-Saxon race. Right heroi
cally aid the Southern whites set themselves to
__• ___- i-«._«* litem, and _urlu_r the years
BRILLIANT ADDRESSES BY MEN AND
WOMEN OF LEARNING,
that have followed they have been slowly but
surely and steadily solving the peculiar and
perplexing question of equitable adjustment of
rights, property and education or two races
which had so long associated together as slave
and master, but which now stand with equal
rights an.) powers under the laws of the land.
In working out these difficulties we have felt
that we had the earnest sympathy of the edu
cational leaders of the other sections of our
country.
Professor W. S. Morse of the State
Normal School at Winfield, Mass., fol
lowed with an address on "Fatigue
Among Children." Said he:
Under the strains and exhausting callings
of modern civilized life the power of endurance
is continually rising in Importance, and. ac
cording to Sir Francis Galton. men and women
have nowadays to act rapidly for many hours
and to act exceptionally well. It seems, there
fore, reasonable that teachers should direct
their attention to some proper way of deter
mining the power of endurance among school
children. Educators are beginning to feel a
measure of their responsibility in ascertaining
the causes which condition mental fatigue.
During the past twenty years no subject ln
pedagogy has been more carefully studied than
that of school fatigue, and the problem Is not
to eliminate normal fatigue hut to prevent ex
treme forms of exhaustion, for It is the latter
which is so detrimental to efficient mental
work.
The paper that aroused the widest com
ment at the evening session of the con
vention was the one read by Professor
Elmer E. Brown. University of Califor
nia, upon the subject of "Art in Educa
tion." Professor Brown said a "culti
vated'! person was one who- is not only
learned, but whose learning was touched
with a certain fineness of quality which
rendered it peculiarly significant and hu
man. In the sense of the beautiful, and
whatever gave it strength and clearness,
there was a subtle and pervasive sort of
culture which went with its possessor
wherever he might go; It pervaded and
invigorated and vitalized a man's
thought. He continued:
There has been a marked tendency In recent
thought to get nearer to the heart of moral
character: to Judge It somewhat less by out
ward and conventional signs. At the same time
our painters and sculptors have been showing
us the beauty hidden in the common things of
nature and human life. We have learned to
turn away from pink Venuses and pretty
Cupids to find a deeper pleasure in studies of
sand dunes and fishermen and laborers In the
field. So our ideas of beauty and of righteous
ness, by getting deeper, are getting rearer to-
ether. These are changes of vast significance
In the history of human culture. We are
slowly working toward a true appreciation of
the "beauty of holiness," and this. I take it.
Is the ultimate object of all esthetic culture.
GIVING SHAPE TO
THE YOUNG IDEA
Suggestions Offered by Per
sons Experienced in Kin-
dergarte'n Work.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— Mrs. Marie
Kraus-Boelte of New York City presided
in the kindergarten department to-day,
and Dr. N. Murray Butler presented a
paper which attracted especial attention.
He applied himself to an examination of
some of the failings of kindergarten
methods, pointing out some of the weak
nesses of them and offering suggestions
for remedying the defects. Dr. Butler's
paper was entitled "Some Criticisms of
the Kindergarten."
"It is possible to have too much* for
little hands," said he. "Young minds
must be nurtured and developed. Noth
ing is harmful when tempered with jus
tice, but overcrowding, overdoing and
overworking may form conditions that
can later form well-springs of evil."
"Character Study in the Kindergarten,"
was the topic discussed by Thomas P.
Bailey of the University of California,
Said he:
We are able to understand the kindergarten
child only on the supposition that he Is not a
strange species, but a human animal like unto
the rest of us, neither an angel nor a beast.
We do not care to discuss either the angelio
kindergarten or the neuromuscular kinder
garten. The little child Is neither a bundle of
habits nor a mystic dreamer about eternity
and Infinity. If we want to compare him with
the savage, let the comparison be- with the
child savage, not the adult; with the healthy
and developing rather than with the degener
ate.
What are the generic traits of character we
need to develop, nurture and train ln this young
human animal? The habits ought to be trained;
the instincts ought to be nurtured; the talents
ought to be developed. The most generic hab
its are the psychical, the sympathetic and the
self-assertive. Individual differences will in
large measure determine the amount of stress
to be laid on one rather than another habitude.
But the tendency in the average kindergarten Is
to emphasize some one of the habitudes, and
to neglect the others. Even when all are
trained they are often not organically related.
If the kindergarten Is to become indispensable
to the community, it must base Its practice
upon a comprehensive science of character.
"In What Relation Stands Imitation to
Originality and Consequent Freedom,"
was answered by Miss Mary F. Ledyard,
Supervisor of Kindergartens of Los An
geles. She said:
Our civilization of to-day Is but a product of
all that has gone before. The few great men
who have through Imitation first caught the
spirit of the achievements of the past and
assimilated them to such a degree that they
could build thereon fine new adjustments and
bring forth products that open new windows,
letting in floods of light upon the world. Such
are freed men.
THE HIGH SCHOOL
AND ITS MISSION
Puts the Pupil Into Full Posses
sion of His Executive
Powers.
. LOS ANGELES, July 12.— suggestive
paper on "the subject, "Do Our High
Schools Prepare for College and for Life
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
in Accordance "With the Requirements of
Both?" was read by G. B. Morrison, prin
cipal of the Manual Training High School
of Kansas City, in the department of
secondary education. He enunciated it as
an axiomatic truth that the objects of life
were happiness, contentment and useful
ness to others, and that education con
sisted of thought and its expression. He
ventured to say that the high schools
failed to prepare for life to the extent
that they treat language as anything
else than a vehicle for thought, drawing
as anything hut a sort of universal lan
guage and mathematics as other than a
device for measuring quantity. In the
opinion of the speaker the thought side
in the schools should be strengthened by
using fewer books and more laboratories;
the expression side by the constant prac
tice of portraying dally experiences by
words, drawings and figures. In brief,
schools would be Improved if they taught
more labor and less discussion of the
question of labor. As It was the tendency
of much of the training Is toward non
productiveness, caste, militarism, social
ism, politics and laziness.
Professor E. P. Cubberly, Stanford Uni
versity, led the discussion that followed
the reading of the paper, and then J. W.
Crabtree, inspector of accredited schools
for the University of Nebraska, dealt
with the subject, - "Should Arithmetic,
English Grammar, History and Geog
raphy be Reviewed in the High School?"
He said a half year of good, thorough
work on these branches in the twelfth
year was worth two years on the same
at the beginning of the high school.
Whether the question was viewed from
the university or high school standpoint,
the answer must be the same. Whether
the student was to continue in school or
stop out, no school work was more valu
able to him than a knowledge of theso
common-school branches. It did not mat
ter whether the review is bunched at the
last end of the course or extended through
the year, occupying one hour a day. It
was Important to give the review. No
work in the high school was of more prac
tical value or of more culture value
ONE GREAT SCHOOL
FOR ALL AMERICA
Educators Discuss the Practi
cability of a National
University.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— The depart
ment of higher education was called to
order by President Robert B. Fulton.
Professor Charles W. Dabney, president
of the University of Tennessee, opened
with an address on "The Practicability of*
a National University." The discussion
was participated in by some of the lead-,
ing educators now in Los Angeles. Pres
ident David Starr Jordan of Stamford Uni
verslty opened the debate. Dr. Jordan is
a Arm believer In and advocate of a na
tional institution of learning, and he
pointed out the advantages of such an ed
ucational establishment. ..
Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler of Columbia
University and other noted educators
made arguments on this topic. ;
ART EDUCATION
OF THE YOUNG
Method of Training the Eye
and the Mind to Appre
ciate Beauty.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— The | depart
ment of art education was called to order
by President William A. Mason of Phila
delphia, Pa. Henry Talbot, assistant su
pervisor of drawing and manual training,
of New York City discussed the training
of the eye and mind to appreciate depart
t education was called to order
nt William A. Mason of Phila
i. Henry Talbot, assistant su
drawlng and manual training,
>rk City discussed the training
and mind to appreciate beauty;
the development of the critical faculty to
judge and the Inventive faculty to create.
all merit a place in any complete system
of education.
Katharine M. Ball of San Francisco read
a paper "Problems in Artistic Render
ing." She said in part: . V :
An appreciation of good style ln art Is as
dependent upon educational standards as Is an.
appreciation of good style in literature, and
when pupils are taught to discriminate between
the desirable and objectionable in kinds of
drawing thi understanding will manifest It
self In their general expressions.
If we would train our children to do accept
able work we must teach drawing as we teach
other subjects. We must build conscientiously,
LOS ANGELES THRONGED BY A HOST
OF HONORED VISITORS.
laying stone upon stone with the greatest of
care. It must be precept and example, until
habit is established and action becomes auto
matic, beginning early and continuing through
the entire school life; for, as David Harum
said, "Ev'ry hoss c'n do a thing better 'n
spryer if he's been broke to It as a colt."
In discussion that followed Miss Eda
Parrish, supervisor of drawing of San
Bernardino, took' the most prominent part.
Said she:
I believe there Is danger ln giving too many
incidental statements about pictures, of thrust
ing the picture between the child and nature.
The child should look at pictures and study
nature. The child should be led to look at pic
tures studiously, earnestly, honestly, but the
fact should be constantly emphasized that pic
tures, books, theories, will not give him a prac
tical knowledge of art, but If he would thor
oughly know art he must study It in the orig
inal tongue, and not through Interpreters.
INFLUENCES THAT
AFFECT GROWTH
The Results of Anthropometric
Studies Reported by W.
W. Hastings.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— . depart
ment of physical education was presided
over by George W. Fit- of Cambridge,
Mass. Dr. Frederic L. Burk, Superin
tendent of the Santa Barbara schools,
expatiated on the Important subject, "In-
fluences "Which Affect Growth."
"Anthropometric Studies in Nebraska"
was the subject of a paper by W. TV.
Hastings of Lincoln, Nebr. Twenty-fivo
hundred children have been examined at
Lincoln and 10.000 at Omaha. Fifteen dif
ferent physical qualities were taken by
observers; the same number of accessory
items as to nationality, occupation, dis
eases, etc., were elicited by question
blanks sent to parents. The calculated re
sults compare favorably with those ob
tained at Boston by Dr. Bowditch, at St.
Louis by- Dr. Porter, with those of Rob
erts and of Quetelet. They were given by
Professor Hastings as follows:
1. Nebraska children take a medium place as
regards weight; they are superior to any others
in height.
2. Children of American parentage are pre
vailingly superior to foreigners.
3. Girls are heavier and taller than boys dur
ing the thirteenth and fourteenth years. Dur
ing the twelfth and fifteenth years also they
exceed boys in height but not in weight.
4. The physical basis of mental efficiency Is
clearly demonstrated by the fact that the
height, weight and other physical qualities
of children of the same age correspond to
school grades.. .;
CHILD STUDY IN
TRAINING SCHOOLS
Prominent . Educators Submit
the Result of Their
Observations.
LOS ANGELES. July 12.— the depart
ment of child study President W. R.
Moore delivered a scholarly address on
the status of child study in Europe, which
contained many letters from prominent
educators embodying results of their ob
servations. "Child Study in Normal and
Training Schools" was ably discussed by
Miss Gertrude M. Edmund of Lowell,
Mass.
Superintendent Fred L. Burk of tho
Santa Barbara schools addressed the
teachers on a curriculum of applied child
study for the kindergarten and the pri
mary school. It was a paper that was
listened to with marked attention, as it
showed great thought and thorough com
mand of the -subject. "Child Study th ?
Missing Link Between the Home and the
School ' was discussed by Miss Anna B.
Thomas of the State Normal California,
Pennsylvania.
HOW TO CONDUCT
BUSINESS SCHOOLS
Professor Howard Illustrates
the Methods in His
College.
LOS ANGELES. July 12.— The depart
ment of business education was called to
order In Young Men's Christian Associa
tion Hall. It was devoted to a consid
eration of the interests of practical busi
ness training for business life. President
Allan Davis, who is at the head of the
Commercial High School in Washington,
D. C, delivered an able address, dealing
with matters of special interest. G. W.
Brown, president of Brown's Business
College at Jacksonville, 111., went at some
length into a consideration of "Schooling
versus Education." The speaker was
able to distinguish a decided difference
between schooling and education. His
contention, in brief, was that the mere
imparting of book knowledge to the
school child or student was of little or
no benefit from a practical standpoint.
There must be imparted as well a system
NEW OFFICERS FOR
THE ASSOCIATION
LOS ANGELES. July 12.— The -
• nominating committee met to-day -
and agreed upon the following can- -
• didates, who will be balloted upon -
to-morrow: "-
President— O. P. Corson, ex-State -
Superintendent of Schools of Ohio. -
Vice President— Oram Lyte of -
Pennsylvania. -
Secretary— lrwin Shepard of WI- -
nona, Minn, (incumbent). £•'•«
Treasurer— G. Pearse, Superin- -
tendent of Schools of Omaha. ,-
As there Is no known opposition -
to the candidates mentioned, they «
will no doubt be elected unani- -
mously. -■
.\^+>+> + + + + + + x + + + +'-<
or reasoning to give tne mma a mastery
of the subject and an ability to utilize the
facts accumulated In a fitting manner.
J. W. Warr, editor of Practical Age, ln
his theme on the "Ethical Value of Bus
iness Education" adverted to certain
phases of practical education not touched
on by previous papers.
J. M. Meban occupied a few minutes in
directing the thoughts of the assembled
teachers to the matter of "An. Adequate
Course of Study for Business Colleges."
This paper was deliberated upon by sev
eral of the educators, A. V. Felght of the
Oakland Polytechnic Business College
leading the discussion.
"How I Conduct a Business School" was
the subject of a paper by C. E. Howard,
president of the San Francisco Business
College.- Said he:
Our students begin with business community,
or actual business at once, as I believe the way
to teach a boy to do a thing Is to teach him to
do It. not to study about It.
Each student receives a • capital of $5000 and
deposits it in the college bank, ' and at once
enters upon a course of transactions - with
other students. Every transaction la real and
has two actual parties. In this way the Indi
viduality of every student is brought out. and
each account in the books becomes an actual.
living reality to him.
Each student Is furnished with a carefully
graded outline of transactions, containing all
the principles of accounts. He actually per
forms each transaction, and then records the
results of that transaction in his books. Thus
he never loses sight of the connection between
the transaction and the entry, and Is able to
see the reason for every entry. The outline is
so graded that the student passes step by step
from the simple to the complex — the
known to the unknown. This grading is a most
important element In the success of any plain
teaching.
CHICAGO TEACHERS
WITH A MISSION
Will Attempt to Organize a
National Federation of
Instructors.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— Chicago
Teachers' Federation and the Chicago
Teachers' Club, numbering 200, announced
their arrival in Los Angeles in that char
acteristic and energetic style that has.
made • the Windy City famous. These
women come with an object. They are
imbued with an ambition and their slo
gan is:
Rah, rah, rah.
Zip, bah, boom,
Chicago Federation,
Give us room.
Are we In It?
I should smile.
. We've been ln it
A good long while.
Go, go, go.
But don't go slow,
We are the people
From Chi-caw-go.
That tells the whole story- These women
are the advance guard of a new organi- -
zation that will to-morrow spring into
being. The travel-stained pedagogues
were taken in hand shortly after 6:30 this
morning by the fruit, flower and reception
committee and .were given a royal wel
come by the branch of their federation in
Los Angeles. The party was much dis
concerted when told that its living apart
ments had been given to the New Yorkers,
but Miss Catherine Goggin, the president,
gave thanks that the splendidly appointed
headquarters had not been confiscated,
and Miss Helen B. Eastman, the corre
sponding secretary, procured the register
and ink pot and amid the copfusion and
bubble of scores of female voices compla
cently proceeded to business. This was
confined to sending out hundreds of Invi
tations to prominent educators that are in
attendance upon the convention.
These invitations recite that the federa
tion has had practical illustration in Chi
cago of the bejiefits derived from organi
zation among teachers and they hope that
the recipient will respond, that a national
organization of teachers may be one of
the results of this year's National Educa
tional Association meeting. This meeting
will be held to-morrow afternoon in the
federation's headquarters. The federation,
unfortunately, was delayed twenty-four
hours and that destroyed the value of its
programme. The leaders come imbued
with- the intention of presenting a peti
tion to the national board of directors of
the National Educational Association ask
ing that their cause be supported and that
they become one of the departments. The
leaders to-night say that they will organ
ize and keep up the agitation during tho
year, and in 1900 meet at the same time
and place of the National Educational As
sociation Convention.
To-morrow the girls, old and young,
will take a tally-ho ride through Los An
geles and suburbs, and on Friday Million
aire McNally, late of Chicago, will enter
tain the federation at his palatial home in
MANUAL TRAINING
FOR THE YOUTHS
Vinton A. Paesseler on the Ed
ucational Value of Metal
Working.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— The depart
ment of manual and industrial education
met in Elks Hall. Professor Charles H.
Keyes called the meeting to order. Presi
dent W. A. Edwards of the Throop Poly
technic Institute at -Pasadena described
the duties, work and results of "The
Teacher In Manual Training Schools."
Professor Keyes, who was formerly at the
head of Throop, but is now principal of
the high- school at Holyoke, Mass., com
mented at length on the salient features
touched upon by the previous speaker. A
brief general discussion followed.
- "The Educational Value of Metal Work
ing" was the subject of a paper presented
by Principal Vinton A. Paesseler of the
Barlow School of Industry. He spoke as
follows: :;'-.;
Skill and art in metal working has always
been so necessary to human existence that it
is imrjossible to discover when the metallic
thread befcan to be woven Into the web of
progress. " -,'
History credits metal working with ' having
the first recorded teacher, and the invention of
the process of smelting Iron ore as being the
beginning of civilization. Our condition with
out the use of metal would be most pitiable.
The Industry of the world would i perish for
lack of tools with which to do the work. The
wheels of progress would cease to turn. The
school house would fail. ■ The telegraph and
cable and steamboat would be unknown. The
microscope and telescopic worlds would be
hidden from us.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 incites,
ready for framing.
34
AUTOMOBILE TO START
WESTWARD TO-DAY
FOB THE RUN ACROSS CONTINENT
A telegram received
by The Call yesterday
announced that the
start in the attempt
to cross the continent
from New York to San
Francisco in an auto
mobile will be made
from the New York
Herald building at II
o'clock this morning.
The dispatch states
further that owners of
motor carriages in
New York are invited
to be present in their
vehicles and to act as
escortup Fiftnavenue
and out of New York
on the road to Albany.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Mr. and
Mrs. John D. Davis, who have
planned to be the first auto
mobilists to make the run from
this city to the Pacific Coast,
called at the Herald building in their
touring cart to-day and announced
that they- were ready to start on their
long journey. Their carriage had just
been completed by the National Motor
Company, and has been made
especially strong to enable it to with
stand the shaking up it is bound to get
on the roads between here and San
Francifcco. The distance by' the short
est railroad is 3250 miles, and by the
wagon roads which Mr. Davis will use
close to 3700 lies will have to be cov
ered.
In France, where automobilism is
claimed to have made greater advances
than in this country, the longest run
recorded is 1000 kilometers or 621 miles,
and French roads are equal to the best
parkways in the United States.
Bicyclists have made runs from the
Atlantic to the Pacific coasts, but have
followed the railroad tracks through
the mountains. An automobile must
take the old stage routes from Denver
west, and difficulties will be encoun
tered in the Rocky Mountains and be
yond that would appall the average
tourist.
Mr. Davis is determined to get
through, no matter how rough the road
or how steep the grades he finds in the
West. He Bays he will drive the auto
mobile through or over every obstacle
and land it in front of the San Fran
cisco Call building.
A run even from New York to
Chicago Is not without its difficulties.
There are hills to climb and roads to
pas?, that are deep in sand, while
others are made of clay that turns to
mud at the slightest fall of rain.
Starting, as he does, with a motor fresh
from the factory and without the time
for thorough testing, it will not be at
all surprising if Mr. Davis has break
downs on the road.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C. fllarey & Liger-Belair's
NUITS, FRANCE,
BURGUNDY WINES.
Chambertln, Clcs-Vougeot. Chablls (White).
Eeaune, Pomm.irJ. " " 157?,
Ku'.ts. Macon, " "
ft* Cases, Quarts and Pints. (Gold Label).
CHARLES MEINECKE &CCV.
Sole Agents,
>ll Sacramento Street. San Franctsco, Cat.
■
. . ... ..
START ACROSS •
THE CONTINENT
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Davis will
leave in their automobile at 11
o'clock this morning from Herald
square. New York, for The Call
building, San Francisco.
Mrs. Davis, who has pluckily decided
to accompany her husband, is an at
tractive young woman, who has never
laid eyes on bounding prairies. She
comes from New Haven, Conn. Mr.
Davis hats spent several years on the
plains, and is more or less familiar
with the country between Denver and
San Francisco. Their automobile is a
handsome affair, and while It bears a
strong resemblance to the road phae
ton, one may see at a glance that It
was not built for horse propulsion. The
wheels are of the bicyclist type with
steel spokes and pneumatic tires. The
back is built high for comfort and well
cushioned, and a buggy top, which may
be lowered at will, covers the vehicle.
The driver sits on the left side, with
his right hand on a nickel-plated steer
ing lever. Two shorter levers are with
in reach of his left hand. These con
trol the speed gears, one of them, mov
ed forward, gives a speed up to ten
miles and when moved backward
throws in the reverse gear, which is
for backing, and also acts as a brake.
The second lever is used for the inter
mediate gear when in a forward, posi
tion, and when to the back it throws
in the high gear which gives a speed
up to thirty-five miles an hour. The
gasoline motor is concealed in a box
beneath the seat. Except for levers
for guilding and regulating the speed,
and the belt box that extends to rear
axle, no signs of mechanism are visible.
Mr. Davis made the run in the auto
moble from Stamford. : Connecticut,
where it was built, to this city without
accident. When the vehicle arrived in
Herald Square it attracted crowds. Mr.
Davis was accompanied by his wife,
and the two were at once recognized as
the long-distance voyagers. Mr. Davis
moved the automobile forward and
backward through the crowd* and in
and out among electric cars, trucks
and delivery wagons with ease. It
seemed to be under perfect control. Mr.
Davis was obliged to ring his bell re
peatedly and to slow up frequently to
prevent running down small boys who
persisted in getting in front of the ma
chine. Horses in the city paid little
attention to the odd-looking vehicle,
but Mr. Davis said that on his way
from Stamford teams of country horses
showed signs of fright as he passed
them. Mr. Davis said that he expected
to lose considerable time on the jour
ney by slowing down and stopping to
avoid causing runaways.
Half a dozen automobiles of differ
ent styles of manufacture are expected
to rendezvous to-morrow (Thursday)
in Herald Square shortly before 11
o'clock to see the strrt. Mr. Davis will
have the right of way with his car
riage. The route will be through
Thirty-fifth street to Fifth avenue, up
Fifth avenue to One Hundred and Six
teenth street, west to Seventh avenue
and north to Central Bridge.
Only a moderate speed will be made
within the city limits. The owners of
escorting vehicles may drop out at
Central Park or may continue on to
the Harlem River or farther. Mr. Da
vis will take. Sedgewick avenue to
Kings Bridge, where he will turn to the
left, crossing the tracks of the New
York Central and New York and Put
nam roads to Broadway, which will give
him a good road to Yonkers.
The route to Albany will closely fol
low the east bank of the Hudson River.
From Albany the road runs west
through the Mohawk Valley, passing
through Utlca, Syracuse and Roches
ter. At- Buffalo the route turns south
and leads along the shore of Lake Erie,
through Cleveland and Toledo, and
across Indiana to South Bend and
thence to Chicago.
The route from Chicago to the Pacific
Coast lies through Dcs Moines. Omaha.
Denver, Ogden and Sacramento. Mr.
Davis has studied the good roads maps
of .the League of American Wheelmen
and other available Information bear
ing upon the- roads through States
which he must cross. He planned his
route with. care. He will collect, data
as to the condition of roads and grades
he has to climb and descend, and other
matters of interest to automobilists.
cyclists and persons who favor the bet
terment of American roads.
It is Mr. Davis' plan after the first
day to make early morning starts, rest
in the middle of the day, and run again
late in the afternoon and in the early
evening. He aims to put in ten hours
a day on the road, and expects to make
an average of fifteen miles an hour.
Daily bulletins of the runs made will
be printed in the Herald and The Call.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis were naturally
impatient at the delay caused by the
manufacturers' failure to complete the
motor cairiage at the stipulated time.
They have been ready for a week or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
more. It may not be uninteresting,
especially to the feminine readers of
The Call, to see a list of the articles
the automobllists will take with them,
and this was best learned from Mrs.
Davis herself, when seen at her resl»
dence in Madison avenue to-night. She
said to The Call correspondent:
"It will not take long to tell The Call's
readers what we will take with us. I
wanted to take a dress suit case so I
could at least have an evening gown
upon arrival in San Francisco, but Mr.
Davis could only allow room for one
small trunk, which will be strapped on
behind the automobile like baggage on
old-fashioned stage coaches. It is a
'boot,' I think, is it not, or is the rub
ber curtain that reaches up to your
chin to keep the rain out of the buggy
i called a 'boot'? Anyhow, we are to
have one of the litter also. I fancy it
will be snug in the automobile when *t
rains; our trunk behind will be covered
with a water -proof tarpaulin. I am so
sorry I cannot take an evening gown
with me, not because I expect San
Francisco people will make social lions
of us and give us receptions and all
that, for honestly we hope they will
not. I dread any spectacular demon
stration, and sincerely hope that when
we start from the Herald building to
morrow morning there will be no big
crowd and no 'hurrah.' I am told,
though, that some enthusiastic auto
mobllists will escort us through New-
York streets to the Harlem River. My,
If I just had a reception gown to wear
in San Francisco, for I know I will look
shabby after such a long trip! I am
going to take only a street dress be
sides the one I shall wear on the trip.
My traveling dress will be of military
blue, with skirts reaching to my tan
shoe tops. My hat will be a broad
brimmed felt or 'sombrero' as you
would say out West. I will have a
quill in it, that is the fashion now, you
know, and it is no conceit of mine to
look like an Indian squaw. Besides the
garments named I shall take two or
three shirt waists and some other ap
parel. Goodness knows how or when I
will have them laundered, for, you
know, we will travel all day and ex
pect to sleep at night at the towns we
happen to strike at nightfall. But
doubtless I can manage to have some
washing done. We will, of course, take
a medicine chest with us, filled with
arnica, extract, salve, quinine, alcohol
and various kinds of pellets needless
to mention, and some glycerine and
cold cream. Yes, a lot of cold cream,
for I Just know I shall look a fright
when we get to San Francisco. We
will have to cross that horrid old
American desert, and I have heard that
the alkali makes your skin as harsh
and dry as parchment. I will use cold
cream and glycerine for that and am
monia to soften water for my hair.
"Would you believe that we have re
ceived hundreds of letters from all sorts
of enterprising patent medicine venders
offering to supply us with everything
from pills to dollars in consideration of
the free advertising we might be able
to give them? We have been offered no
end of good things by New York mer
chants, too, who are anxious to get
their names in print. I wish to goodness
some enterprising fur house would of
fer me a sealskin wrap to wear over the
summits c-f the Rocky and Sierra Ne
vada mountains. Say, really, now, is
it true that at Truckee we shall have
to plow through snow ten or twenty
feet deep? How ever shall we do it?
I am told, too, that often we shall have
to travel perhaps a whole day without
ever a sight of a habitation. Is It so?
We shall, of course, have some bottled
water to drink and enough to eat, but
Just think of traveling all day through
an alkali desert. But there Is one good
thing, it is level ground in these deserts
and our machine can then speed thirty
five miles an hour. By riding ten hours
a day we ought to get through the
worst part in a few days. Of course,
the mountain passes will be hard to
climb.
"Our machine only weighs 1250 pounds
with both of us in it, and can be light
ened considerably by our getting out.
Just fancy our pushing the thing up
the mountain canyons. Say, now,
really, do you think we will be able to
make it? Mr. Davis says, 'Yes, of
course, we will; we will get there If it
takes all summer,' though he really
expects to get through in forty-five
days. We have received a lot of dis
couraging letters from all parts of the
country. Some say we are a pair of
venturesome young fools to attempt
such a journey, but these letters only
DAVIS DETERMINED
TO BE SUCCESSFUL
| NEW YORK, July 12.— the Manager of The v g
g Call: We will be with you in forty-five days, or less, if g 1
85 I have to hire- a team of government. mules. This will hard- 8? !
jjjj ly, be necessary, for I carry the power of seven horses under %
8 my seat. I think you will be satisfied. with the results and &
§ will excuse the delay. . I shall take photos and develop them 5
§ if possible en route and mail them to The Call-as promptly as g
§ possible. JOHN D. DAVIS. g
©^?388$88£88 JO 8? 88 »58 SSBmßSC^6_a3BQeS<»g^^ » _8$88» 88$_S£8K«8$#
-•.-■■-.•-.■■«■■.
STAGES IN THE
GREAT JOURNEY
New York to Albany, 150 miles.
Albany to Syracuse, 155 miles.
Syracuse to Buffalo, 160 miles.
Buffalo to Cleveland, ISS miles.
Cleveland to Toledo, 120 miles.
Toledo to South Bend, 160
miles.
South Bend to Chicago, 100
miles. Total, 1030 miles.
make us all the more determined to get
through. We have just got to do it,
that's all. We have received some en
couraging letters, also, but one of the
most comfort to us was from an old
forty-niner who now lives in Brooklyn.
He called to see us and wanted to go
along and show us the trail he crossed
fifty years ago, and was so anxious to
accompany us. What a pity we had
no seat for him, besides what could we
do with an old man 80 years old?
Wouldn't it be romantic, though, to
ride with us in the new-fangled ma
chine, a poor old forty-niner who cross
ed in an ox team half a century ago. I
am afraid I'm sentimental; it almost
makes me cry to think how hard that
old man pleaded to go with us.
"Well, good-by. Tell The Call we are
grateful for its encouragement, but ex
pect to thank Its editors personally for
the interest they have taken in our en
terprise."
Mr. Davis says that In coming down
to New York from Stamford, Conn., the
machine behaved beautifully and its
performance exceeded his expectation,
both as to power and facility- of ..ma
nipulation. He says Eastern automo
bile factories have more orders than
they can fill are working day and
night, and orders pile up faster than
they can turn out carriages. Bonuses
are being paid for carriages and intend
ing purchasers are" using every means
to hasten completion of their automo
biles.
The transcontinental touring cart was
delayed in completion, owing to the
fact that there was no pattern for a car
riage of this class. It was necessary
to have a vehicle of such strength and
build as to withstand all sorts of
weather.
GREAT INTEREST
AROUSED IN WEST
OMAHA, July 12.— The proposition of
the Herald and the San Francisco Call
to send an automobile across the con
tinent has provoked extraordinary in
terest through this section of the west,
and not a little curiosity among many
people in the interior of Nebraska, who
never saw such a machine and have
very vague ideas as to what it looks
like.
From the day the first announcement
of the plan was made the daily papers
of this section have been full of in
quiries from persons in various sec
tions of the State as to what . route
would be taken from Omaha west, the
time of arrival of the automobile at
the Missouri River, and the possible
rate of speed the machine .would" travel
in passing through the State,
When the flier arrives at the Missouri
River a very elaborate reception will
be tendered those aboard. The two
cities of Omaha and Council Bluffs will
unite to greet the visitors. The World-
Herald has arranged for a brass band
to meet them at Council Bluffs and es
cort them across the Missouri River,
where an informal banquet will be
served, provided their time will permit
of anything of the kind. From Omaha
it is supposed the machine will be
driven over the famous overland trail
and the most feasible route from the
Missouri River to Denver. This means
that the route will be practically with
the Union Pacific Railroad all the way
across the State and into Denver. That
will carry the machine over one of the
prettiest race courses in the world for
a distance of over 300 miles, or until
the sands of Western .Nebraska and
Eastern Colorado are encountered.
Passing out of Omaha, the route will
be over a slightly hilly but perfectly
fine driving road for a distance of
thirty miles. This will carry the auto
mobile out of the hills and upon the fine
table land that stretches practlcally
across the State. From Fremont, Neb.,
to North Platte, a distance of 200 miles,
the road will be as level and firm as the
packed black soil can make it. From the
Colorado eastern line the automobile is
liable to encounter some rough'travel
ing, as compared to the Nebraska
roads. If plenty of rain has fallen a
few days prior to the trip the ground
will be found well caked with sand. If
no rain has fallen for several weeks
about six inches of sand will close over
the wheels of the machine the entire
distance of 200 miles to Denver. This
sand is white and full of grit and al
most as light as prairie dust.
Across the State of lowa the machine
ought to make excellent time. If any
thing, the roads in lowa at this time of
the" year are better than in Nebraska,
and that means an. ideal condition for
outdoor traveling. One hundred miles a
day could easily be made across that
State, if it is desired to drive the ma
chine to its full speed capacity.
THE VAST DEMAND
FOR AUTOMOBILES
NEW YORK, July 12.— Isaac L. Rice,
president of the Electric Vehicle Com
pany, said to-day that he has placed
orders for automobiles amounting to
$8,000,000. The orders are for 4200 new
vehicles. Mr. Rice said that the de
mand for automobiles is ' very great.
The first of the carriages will be de
livered the latter part of this month.
Mrs. Nusbaum's Modest Claim.
SANTA CRUZ, July 12.— The Supervis
ors to-day received a communication from
Mrs. Nusbaum of Sacramento demanding
$100,000 damages. The woman claims to
be sovereign of the universe.
JAILED AND
FED ON BREAD
AND WATER
Harsh Treatment of a Wit
ness Who Could Not
Speak English.
ORDERED"!, COURT
— * —
Idaho Authorities Having a Hard
Time to Connect Corcoran With
Cheyne's Murder.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 12.— During
the trial of the Corcoran case to-day
Judge Stewart ordered a witness con
fined in jail on a diet of bread and
water.
L. G. Johnson, a Scandinavian, was
called by the prosecution. Johnson has
been confined in i the "bull pen," and
was brought to Wallace to testify. As
soon as he came into court it was seen
he was very much excited. While be
ing sworn he attempted to address the
Judge in unintelligible English. Attor
ney Hawley undertook to interrogate
the witness, who did not answer. Haw
ley claimed the witness was able to un
derstand if he desired to. The court
then took' the witness in hand, but was
unable to elicit anything satisfactory
from him.
"Mr. Sheriff, take this man to Jail
and confine him upon bread and water
until such time as the court advises to
bring him back here," said the Judge.
Johnson's stolid countenance under
went not the slightest- change, and he
walked out accompanied by a deputy,
indifferent to, if he understood, the or
der.
The witnesses called by the State are
evidently proving unsatisfactory, for
its attorneys have already attempted
to impeach two of their own witnesses.
Save in the testimony of Clark, re
ferred to yesterday, no attempt has
been made to connect Corcoran with
the crime with which he is charged.
The evidence has been directed toward
proving the conspiracy, which the
prosecution claims resulted in the
death of Cheyne.
The witnesses to-day were all resi
dents of Wardner, and told how em
ployes of the Bunker Hill Company
had been stopped on their way to work
by union men on April 23. The inci
dents of the ttrike and the difficulties
existing ,at that * ; me between the com
pany and its employes were detailed,
and it was shown that men had been
threatened by armed strikers, who fol
lowed them to their boarding houses,
and there used considerable . violence.
During the following week matters
quieted down, and the non-union men
were allowed to return to their work
so that on the day of the riot the com
pany had nearly a full force.
• Attorney Reddy severely criticised
what he termed the unfair and out
rageous attitude of the attorneys for
the. State in withholding from the de
fense the testimony given before the
Coroner's Jury. The law requires the
Coroner, to reduce to writing and file
with, the County Clerk the. testimony
taken before him. This has not been
done, and Attorney Forney stated that
the inquest had not been concluded.
Reddy denounced this statement as a
mere subterfuge and said the Coro
ner's jury had not been in session for
weeks and that the testimony was be
ing withheld for the purpose of ham
pering the defense and of convicting
the defendant without a fair trial. In
support of his assertion he stated that
the testimony was in the hands of the
attorneys for the State, who used it
whenever they desired to contradict
witnesses, but that the defense had no
access to it. The court refused to or
der the testimony filed, saying that it
was a matter entirely with the Coro
ner.
The story that masked men had vis
ited employes of the Standard Com
pany and threatened them with death
if they did not leave the country turns
out to be a hoax concocted by a Mis
sourian named Hudson, who success
fully imposed it upon a reporter. It
was denied by both the State authori
ties and miners from the first, and the
originator of it has now acknowledged
that it was not true.
SUICIDE FOLLOWS
ATTEMPTED MURDER
Nicolaus Ranch Employe. Wounds a
Servant Girl and Kills
Himself.
MARYSVILLE, July 12.— At Nicolaus,
twelve miles south of here, to-day Fred
Griesler, employed on the ranch of G.
Splnden.-made a desperate but Ineffectual
attempt to kill Maggie Breitback, a 17
--year-old servant girl. Believing he had
accomplished his purpose he committed
suicide by blowing the top of his head off
with a shotgun he had used in his attack
on the young woman.
Griesler, who was considered. eccentric,
worked on farms in the vicinity of Nlcho
laus for three years. This morning he
frightened the girl away from the house
by his peculiar actions, and as she fled
across a field toward Nlcholaus he fired
four shots from - the shotgun, two of the
charges taking effect, one in her shoulder
and one In her back. The wounds are not
serious, as she managed to keep a safe dis
tance from her pursuer. The NlcolauS
officers hastened to the farm to arrest
Griesler and found that he had killed him
self. . . _
PARIS IS SAFE IN
FALMOUTH HARBOR
FALMOUTH. July 12.— Owing to the
more favorable weather and the fact that
such repairs as were necessary could be
rapidly effected, the salvers changed their
plans suddenly and started towing the
Paris with five tugs supported by three
salvage boats for Falmouth.
Before midnight the worst part. of the
journey had been accomplished ... and
shortly after midnight the Paris safely
entered Falmouth harbor. Preparations
are being made to beach her in the tide
harbor. . : .'.-':'':t~i
TWENTY THOUSAND TAKEN
FROM UNDER A PILLOW
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by . James Gor
. don Bennett.
PARIS, July 12.— A man named Strebln
ger of San Francisco, Cal., was robbed of
$20,000 this -morning in a hotel here. He
left the money under a pillow- while he
went into an adjoining room, which was
occupied by his wife. When he returned
the money was gone. ; .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
■'.".-- Wednesday, July 12.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. for Mendocino.
■V.---. DOMESTIC PORTS. ■
I PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 12— Qer
'"ship Osorno and schri Erie and William Bow
den from Port Townsend. Sailed July 12— Schr
Sequoia, for San Diego. : _ ■_.'_.'
- TACOMA— July Ship - Dashing
Wave, from Port Los Angeles ;- schr William
Rento'n, from San Pedro, ._-
LET HER BROTHER
BURN TO DEATH
Peculiar Circumstaoces Corrected
Witly a, Fatal pre ir> a San
Lucas Granary.
© SALINAS, July 12.— repor.t comes by telephone from San Lucas £
© that Bert Harris, the six-year-old son of B. A. Harris, a prominent Mon- ©
$ terey County rancher, was burned alive at his home near that town,
i$ and that considerable mystery surrounds the little fellow's death. The g
© story given as to how the boy died is plausible enough, but the facts ©
§ leading up, to the affair are most peculiar. From facts obtained it ap- *jj
85 pears that the older members of the family were out in the grain fields, J|
© some distance from the house; that. little Bert was left in the granary ©
& to play, and that his 15-year-old sister was told to take care of him. **
P The people of San Lucas were attracted by smoke arising from the **
? Harris home. A number of them hurried to the scene, and then they S
5 found the granary in flames, and the little girl fighting the fire, but with g.
0 no particular reward for her efforts. She was the only one in sight, and ££
gg upon questioning her it is asserted she made no mention of her little gj
© brother being inside, else he could have been saved. After the build- ©
6 ing had burned down and the parents had returned the little boy was g
S sought after. His charred remains were discovered In the ruins of the w
© building. The little girl would give no reason for not saving her ©
•* brother. Coroner Muller was notified and a thorough investigation of the *3
P whole affair will be made. j,
# Although the Harris family are prominent people, yet it is asserted g
q by those who profess to know that the daughter always seemed to hate J?
85 her little brother. The affair is causing considerable excitement in the ©
8 little town near where the tragedy occurred, and rumors of foul play 8?
« are rife, yet the real circumstances of the death will probably never be ©
25 known. ' . \ ■ ©
O ©
©©52©52©52©22© 52 ©52 © 52© ?3©_2©-S©!2©s-©?-©~-©!2 352 05* ©58 ©52 ©52058©?8©5i©#
GALLINGER AND
CHANDLER CLASH
Senators Almost Come
- to Blows.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONCORD, N. H.. July 12.— The hear
ing in connection with charges of the
violation of the civil service against Sen
ator Jacob H. Gallinger, preferred by
former Governor Charles A. Busie' , was
continued to-day. Only two witnesses re
sponded to the invitation of the commis
sioners to be present at to-day's session.
They were Postmasters Henry Robinson
of Concord and H. A. Spauldlng of Nash
ua. Their testimony was to the effect
that campaign circulars asking for as
sessments for campaign purposes had
been sent out as alleged In the charges.
Before any witnesses were, heard Sen
ator Gallinger asked permission to make
a personal statement, in wuich he called
! attention to alleged untruthful state-
I ments made in the editorials of a Con-
cord paper and dispatches from Concord
to a New York paper.
The statements referred to by Senator
Gallinger were that the present charges
were based upon the finding of a letter
In Concord addressed to a man in Rye,
N. H., containing a check for $100 and
instructions to use the sum "circumspect
ly" among the indifferent voters of Rye.
It was also claimed that the cheek was
signed by Senator Gallinger. This the
Senator denied. The incident is not con
nected with this hearing and Senator
Gallinger's statement was not made a
part of the record.
Following- this the witnesses were
called. Postmaster Robinson stated that
he recelevd one of the assessment circu
lars. He produced the circular and gave
it to the commissioners, who filed it
away. This Incident caused considerable
surprise. -. .-.;'. , . ,
Mr. Robinson then said that he had
mentioned the fact of receiving the cir
cular to Senator Chandler, and upon the
advice of that -gentleman had sealed it
up and he had shown It to no one until
this time. He was asked to contribute
$10«, and he wrote to the Civil Service
Commission, asking them as to his ability
to contribute under the law. He was In
formed that he could not contribute. Cop
ies of the correspondence between Mr.
Robinson and the commission were in
troduced as part of the evidence, and Mr.
Robinson closed his testimony by stating
that he did not contribute.
Postmaster Spalding was chairman of
the Republican State Committee in 1896.
He stated that he received one of the
circulars on which the charges in this
case are based, but that he did not con
tribute. When chairman of the State
Committee, he said that he personally
signed the assessment circulars which
were sent out, but none were sent to
Federal office holders, except to Senators,
Congressmen and Judges of the Federal
courts. At the conclusion of Mr. Spald
ing's testimony a recess was taken.
The afternoon session brought out a
warm colloquy between Senators Gallin
ger and Chandler. Before the adjourn
ment was taken they had passed the lie
and Senator Chandler and Commissioner
: Brewer had become involved in a dispute
I which the Senator says will lead him to
ask President McKinley for the removal
of Mr. Brewer from the Civil Service
Commission. No early witnesses were on
hand when the afternoon session was
called to order, and by direction of Mr.
Brewer Special Agent Wales read corre
spondence between the commission and
William S. Thayer, treasu.-er of the Re
publican State Committee in 1898, whose
name was signed to the assessment cir
cular. The commission, it appeared, had
asked Mr. Thayer whether Senator Gal
linger, as chairman of the State Commit
tee had directed or requested the treas
urer to send out the assessment circular.
Mr Thayer said that neither Senator
Gallinger nor the State Committee made
any- suggestions about the circular, but
knew about its being sent to Federal of
ficers. The letter from Louis V. Hoye,
j secretary of the Republican State Com
' mittee,- contained a statement of Mr.
i Thayer and a letter from Senator Gallin
l ger in reply to the same statement that
i the matter of assessing was never dis
| cussed and only acted upon by the com-
mlttee. ... . _ _ _
The Senator's letter informed the com
mission that the charges against him
were concocted by evil-minded, malicious
persons and that the complaints were not
made in good faith, but for the purpose
of revenge, and were not worthy the at
tention which the commission seemed to
be giving them. A further letter from
Senator Gallinger stated that he person
ally "did not at any time discuss with
Mr. Thayer or suggest to him the names
of those to whom the assessment circu
lars should be sent."
After an exchange of opinion as to the
opening and closing of the case and the
admission' of evidence after the close of
the hearing, arguments and brief, Senator
Chandler remarked: "The commission
seems to have found out everything con
nected with this Investigation except who
wrote the assessment penned to the office
holders, who fixed the. sums to be as
sessed who directed the inventories and
who sent them out. The essential things
have not been ascertained. It Is for the
commission to do this and find these
men _" Here he was interrupted by Mr.
Brewer. - , .
"I object to these things being taken
Senator Chandler— Very well; I will say
it without having it taken down.
Mr. Brewer— Not in this room. This is
my room, and I pay for it.
• Senator Chandler— l am not to be muz
zled ln this room. I have my rights.
Mr. Brewer— You have no rights except
those of a gentleman. 1,-: <
After a further colloquy, In which, by
implication, each said the other was not
a gentleman. Senator Chandler proceeded
to say that the man most wanted in con-
Curious Custom.
In China It Is the custom for guests at din
ners to run around between the courses. This
is supposed to keep the diner's digestion In
good condition, but the nervous, hustling
American needs something else, and there Is
nothing better than Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters. If a man or woman is suffering with
constipation, indigestion or any stomach
trouble, it's their fault If they don't get well.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will cure them.
See that a private Revenue Stamp covers the
neck of the bottle. ---.-. ■■■■-■..
___, BT- a I ■ _■ M INDIAN OP.UM CURE,
flfll 111 il IB cured at home. Write
*6§B ? 2 3 nil for full particulars
% J S_T 8 3111 and book free.
_I 4 -3 8 111 INDIAN OP.UM CURE.
VI IV 111 B. D. KIMMIB, 201 Turk
St., B__ rr»no.ic9.
nection with the Investigation did not
happen to be present.
"Mr. Thayer is in this city to-day, and
I believe he has been kept away by Sen
ator Gallinger,", said Mr. Chandler.
Senator Gallinger and his counsel. Attor
ney General Eastman, at once shouted:
"That Is absolutely false: It Is not true."
Mr. Eastman continued calling Chand
ler a liar, and said: "I do not care If you
are a United States Senator."
Senator Chandler retorted: "And I do
not care if you are Attorney General.
You are defending criminals when you
should be prosecuting them."
Senator Gallinger appealed to the chair.
Senator Chandler said: "Men who call
other men liars do not need protection. I
repeat, 1 believe Senator Gallinger has
kept Mr. Thayer away."
Senator Gallinger shouted: "You don't
dare to come outside tils room and say
that."
"I will go outside and say it," replied
Afr. Chandler, starting for the door.
Friends restrained both men. and after
a few minutes of confusion the hearing
went on.
Senator Gallinger read a prepared state
ment showing the case against him to be
utterly collapsed and protesting against
its further continuance. He then left the
room, and his counsel, Mr. Eastman,
spoke with a view of softening the harsh
words he had used to Senator Chandler.
The latter made a similar concession to
Attorney General Eastman, and under
such happy auspices the meeting ad
journed, probably never to resume.
The commissioners will not leave town
until to-morrow, but there is little likeli
hood of any further action being taken.
Senator Chandler made a statement to
night, declaring that Commissioner
Brewer "prejudiced the case and con
ducted It in a partial manner; that he
showed great discourtesy to the com
plainants and made it Impossible for the
case to be fairly and fully represented."
It is understood that Senator Chandler
will ask President McKlnley for the re
moval of Mr. Brewer on these charges.
STORMS IN ENGLAND.
Two Killed and Five Injured in
Westmoreland.
LONDON, July 12.— Severe thunder
storms, accompanied by a great down
pour of rain, flooding valleys and inter
rupting railroad traffic, occurred to-day in
many portions of England.
In Le^ds and other cities total dark
ness prevailed for several hours. In West
moreland and Lincolnshire a number of
houses and seven persons, two of whom
were fatally injured, were ' struck by
lightning.
Woodland's Teachers.
WOODLAND, July 12.— meeting of the
City Board of Education was held last
evening at which the following teachers
were elected for the grammar and pri
mary grades: D. B. Lacy, principal; Miss
Hattie Lee, vice principal; Miss. Alice
Dexter, Miss Katie Simmons, Miss Bertha
Gaddis, Miss Ella Smith, Miss Lulu Shel
ton, Miss Beth Buckley, Miss Jennie Gib
son, Miss Marlon Rahm, Miss Lizzie Fish
rJack and Miss Sophie Boggs. For the
High School faculty Professor F. A.
Swanger of Salt Lake was elected prin
cipal; Miss Swyney, vice principal; Will
iam Hyman and Miss Shaw, assistants.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
HOW «gtar^ 2 .
There are who suffer with weakness and p«la
in the back. Do you not know that this Is one
of the first Indications of serious kidney dis-
ease? Study the above chart and know for
yourself If your kidneys are affected. Do you
have dull or throbbing pains in the head (Fig. 1),
puffiness under eyes or swollen lids (Fig. 2), a,
pale or sallow complexion (Fig. 3), fluttering
or palpitation of heart (Fig. 4). impaired di-
gestion Fig. 5). pain in small of back (Fig. 6),
weakness of limbs (Fig. 7)? Again we have,
loss of appetite, excessive thirst, swollen feet,
cold extremities. : -;; V-
HUDYAN
Cares All Kidney Troubles.
HUDYAN reaches Fig. 1 because It regu-
lates the circulation of blood in brain; Fig. 2
i because it stimulates to perfect activity the
skin and kidneys, thus preventing the serum of
I blood from being deposited ln the tissues; Fig.
j 3 because it makes rich, red blood; Fig. 4 be-
cause it strengthens the heart muscle and reg-
I ulates Its action; Fig. 5 because it Increases the
supply of the digestive juices; Fig. 6 because It
1 strengthens the kidneys and reconstructs the
i kidney structure; Fig 7 because it tones the
- ■ , entire system. HUD-
♦ : — ' * VAN relieves and
MEN AND cures, and HUDYAN
WOMEN cures are permanent.
ADVISED} HUDYAN has rescued
FREE ■ thousands of men and
On ll __ uA-it-a women from serious
Call or Write. kidney disease— lt will
♦ ' : ! : "*■- do the same for you.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists, -fc a
package or six packages for $2 50..
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner
Stockton, Ellis and Market streets,' San Fran-
cisco, Cal. : V( '^~< ' J^ - ; -
Consult the HUDYAN Doctors
Free— Call or Write.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a 'Great Restorative. Invigorator and Ner-
vine. --.■'■
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Hi own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCJNE, AgenU,-
-| $23 Market -street, _. (Send for Circular.*BATES BECOMES
PAYMASTER GENERAL
GENERAL ALFRED E. BATES.
-r- -T- WASHINGTON, July 12. — The President to-day appointed Colonel Al-
WASHINGTON, paymaster general of to-day appointed Colonel
:':, d E. Bates paymaster general of the army, to succeed General
\f\f Asa B. Carey, retired.
V y The appointment of General Bates has resulted in the promotion
of Lieutenant Charles I. Wilson to the rank of Colonel, and the pro
motion of Major George W. Baird to be lieutenant colonel. These promotions
made a vacancy in the list of paymasters with the rank of major. This
vacancy was filled by the President by the appointment of Captain John
Murphy of the Fourteenth Infantry in recognition of his services in the
Philippines and at his own request. Major Murphy was placed on the retired
list, his health having suffered from hardships In the Philippines. The va
cancy caused by his retirement was filled by the appointment of Major
Charles Newbold of the volunteer pay department.
TRAIN HELD UP
BY FOUR MEN
May Not Have Secured
Any Booty.
— ♦ —
EXPRESS CAR BLOWN OPEN
— ♦ —
NONE OF THE PASSENGERS
■WERE MOLESTED.
»
Wells-Fargo Agent Claims That
There Was No Money in the
Safe, but Outsiders Con
tradict Him.
♦ '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRINIDAD, Colo., July 12.— Southbound
passenger train No. 1 on the Colorado and
Southern Railway was robbed by four
men at a point five miles south of Folsom,
N. Mex.
The hold-up occurred at 10:30 o'clock
last night at the same point as the pas
senger train was held up last September.
After the tra-n had been brought to a
standstill and the train crew had been li:
--tirmduffl iv guns the robbers used dyna
mite with good effect, blowing open the
sides of the express car.
Superintendent Webb and the Wells-
Fargo Express agent. Glover, both state
positively that nothing was secured by
the robbers.
Superintendent Webb left for the scene
of the hold-up on a special train, accom
panied by officers with horses. He is con
fident-he will be able to overtake the rob
bers. ,
There were but few passengers on the
train and they were not molested.
As soon as the robbers had searched the
express car they mounted horses, which
were hitched near by, and firing a few
shots to alarm the train men and passen
gers fled, without any attempt to go
through the mail car.
Parties here who claim to know say that
there was a large amount of money ln the
express safe, as well as valuable express
matter. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A horse in the lead pulls in vain when
the wheel horse lays back in the breeching.
A man's body is a good deal like a team of
horses, and must work harmoniously. The
head may want to work, and strive ever so
hard to work, but if the body is balky and
sick the head will make no progress.
The man who is out of condition physical-
ly may as well give up try rag" to work men-
tally. He will not be able to do good work,
or satisfactory work, and in the endeavor to
do so will only do himself further harm.
The reason that men have nervous exhaus-
tion and prostration is that they try to work
the brain when the body is balky. The
right thing for a man to do when he finds
he is out of sorts physically is to give the
mind a little rest, and promptly resort to
the right remedy for his physical ailments.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is
the best of all medicines for a balky body.
When the head aches, the appetite is poor,
the sleep is restless, the nerves are shaky
and both body and brain suffer from dull
ness and lassitude, it is time to resort to
this great remedy. It restores the appetite,
corrects all disorders of the digestion,
makes assimilation perfect, invigorates the
liver and purifies and nourishes the blood.
It is the great blood -maker and flesh-
builder. It is the best of nerve tonics and
restoratives It makes both body and brain
alert and active. Medicine dealers have
nothing "just as good." • .'
"I suffered five years with an ulcer and the
doctor here could not do me any good." writes
Mr. John Jenkins, of Haywood". Madison Co..
Va. "I took twelve bottles of Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and 1 am well. I
■would have been in my grave' if it had not been
for your medicine."
For constipation and indigestion, Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets are the most nat-
ural and perfect cure ever devised. They
act gently but surely, and effect a. perma-
nent cure. -, V-"
SEARCHERS FIND
HATTIE WALTHAM
"Rose of Round Valley"
Is Alive.
— »• —
WITHOUT FOOD FOR TWO DAYS
— ♦■ —
DISCOVERED UNCONSCIOUS IN A
LONELY CANYON.
♦
Had Fallen Asleep on the Mountain,
Awakened After Dark and Lost
Her Way in the
Woods.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, July 12.— The finding, of beau- I
tiful Hattie Waltham in a lonely canyon j
eighteen miles from her home, bruised,
scratched, barefooted and unconscious,
but alive, was the welcome news brought
to the affrighted parents by one of the
rescuing party from the mountains to
day. Hattie was found this morning be
fore daybreak, lying exhausted from ex
posure and hunger. The searching party
headed by Samuel Make has the glory of
the rescue. The unconscious girl was
borne out of the mountains on a hurriedly
improvised stretcher constructed of pines j
and evergreens. When she had revived i
she told the following, story of her adven- ;
tures: \:..: •. -,
"I could not easily have been made to
realize the awfulness of being lost with
out this experience, and I hope that it
will prove a warning to others, especially
just now, when there are so many camp
ing parties hereabouts. Without a thought
of danger I started out on Monday after
noon with my sketching outfit. I climbed
slowly to the top of a hill and there sat
down to rest. I fell asleep, and when I
awoke it was dark. I became bewildered
and knew not which way to turn.
"My first impulse, which i obeyed, was
to run down the hill, and it brought m
into serious trouble at once. The farther
I went the darker and more densely
wooded the canyon became. My clothing
became torn and my hands and feet were
cut and brulr-ed, but the physical horror
of the situation was as nothing to the
mental. At every rustle of tho leave
I Imagined I had Invaded some rattle
snake's den, and every panther and bear
story I had ever heard came vividly to
my recollection. I hurried on, weeping
and praying by turns, until I reached a
stream of water. Then I knew that I was
on the wrong road. Throughout that
night, the next day and the following
night I still stumbled on, for forty-five,
mortal hours noticing neither dawn nor .
dusk. My mind became a blank and the
last I can recall Is the welcome sight of
the rescuing party. Then I gave way, and !
I suppose I fainted. .Upon regaining my
senses I found myself being tenderly j
cared for by friends, and I pray God that
I may never be lost again."
MONSTER ELECTRIC MOTOR.
Steam Supplanted in the Sperry Mills
at Stockton.
STOCKTON. July 12.— Electricity will
before many weeks shall have passed b»>
driving the ponderous machinery In the
Sperry Mills. Machinists are at work re
moving the. steam engines and* making
preparations for setting up the 450-h'orse
power motor received from the Westing
house Manufacturing Company of Pitts
burg. This motor is to be operated by
power furnished from the Blue Lakes gen
erating plant of Amador County, ft is
the largest motor ever brought to the
coast and stands over eight feet high. Tho
armature Is six feet in diameter and capa
ble of carrying 2200 volts of electricity.
The. Golden Gate Mills, owned by the same
company, are to be similarly equipped,
hut the steam power will not be removed,
as It might become necessary to run by
steam In case of accident to the motor.
The new machinery will be In operation
by October 1.
PHILADELPHIA ORDERED .
TO GO TO SEA AT ONCE
NEW YORK. July 12.-A special to the
World from Washington -says: Orders
to rush repairs on the cruiser Philadelphia
and fit her for sea as quickly as possible
were sent to-day to Admiral Kautz at
San. Francisco. The board of survey,
which usually determines what repairs
shall be made, was dispensed with to save
time., ami it is also understood that ex
pense is not to be considered.
The Navy Department officials will not
say where the cruiser is going, but it Is
believed that an outbreak In Gautemala
Is feared, and that the warship isordeied
there to protect American Interests.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
DYNAMITE
CANS FOR THE
PHILIPPINES
Preparations Being Made to
Ship Them to Otis
at Manila.
TESTS SATISFACTORY
— ♦ — •
In His Speech at Tarlao Recently
Aguinaldo Made a Lurid
Plea for Independence.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- '
Call Headquarters, Wellington
Hotel, . Washington, July '12. —
Preparations are being made by
the American troops in the cam
paign against the Filipinos.
Preparations are being made bq
the Ordnance Department to
supply General Otis with six
Sims-Dudley dynamite pneu
matic weapons. The tests made
at the Sandy ' Hook proving
grounds yesterday of a gun of
this type proved very satisfac
tory.
A gun of the same make was
used by the Cuban insurgents in
their operations, and General
Garcia declared that several
towns were made to surrender
as a result of the use of this
weapon.
Besides the dynamite guns,
Gatling guns will probably be
sent to Otis, and the army trans
ports are to be armed with 6
pounder rapid-fire guns to pre
vent any possible attack by the
insurgents.
.MANILA, July 12.— A copy of the In
dependencia has reached Manila con
taining the speech which Aguinaldo
made during the recent celebration at
Tarlac of the annual anniversary of
the proclamation of Filipino inde
pendence. In substance it is as fol
lows:
Filipino— Beloved daughter of the ardent
) sun of the tropics, commended by provi
dence to the care of noble Spain, be not
! ungrateful to her salute who warmed you
I with the breath of her own culture and
1 civilization. It is true she ■ "sought to
crush the aspiration for independence as
I a loving mother opposes separation for
ever from the daughter of her bosom.
This but proves the excess of love and
affection Spain feels for the Filipino.
Delicate flower of the east, scarcely
eight months weaned from the breast of ;
thy mother, thou hast dared to brave a
great and powerful nation such as is the
United States, after barely organizing and
; disciplining thy little army. Yet we reply .
I we will be slaves to none, nor allow our
selves to be deceived by soft words. Let ;
us continue to defend our fatherland un- ;
til Independence is assured, for this is
justice. We shall see at last that the
great American nation will acknowledge .
the right whicl> is on our side. That doc
trine of the great Monroe, that America is
for Americans, is not forgotten, just as
i we affirm that the Philippines are for the
Filipinos. Some States of the American
Union have arisen in our favor. Especially
is the Democratic party convinced that
both victors and vanquished will lose
precious lives. Thus many of the people
and many statesmen censure President
McKinley as inhuman for having ordered
his military representatives. at Manila to
i seek means to bring about hostilities with
| the Filipinos. __••__ , , ,* ,„l
Tiiese facts prove that they wished to i
1 try us to see if we were able to live up
i to the second color of our banner, which i
' signifies courage, heroism and martyr
dom Therefore we should not resent this :
i struggle with the Americans. In spite of |
this expressed desire to dominate all the
Philippines, well convinced are they that ;
i we fight with justice and right on our side
and that autonomy is all a show of de
ceit, only having to save a certain accum
ulated wealth. ■ We have never concealed
our aspirations: that we aspire but to in
dependence; that we will struggle on to
obtain it, perhaps from those who arc j
now our enemies and to-morrow will be
our allies, as they were for the overthrow
of the power of Spain.
We might well accept this autonomy
America offers, but what can we do with
ft if our ambition is independence, and if
we are tc accept it only to later over
throw by force of arms the sovereignty
of America? As. l believe It is the inten
tion of the autonomists to make use of
treachery and deceit we cannot accept j
such a procedure. We do not wish to be
traitors afterward. We wish to show our :
character of frankness and sincerity and
nothing more. Let us avoid the example '
of those natives who, having at one tin-.''
been colonists, accepted autonomy to en- !
able them to make their work surer once i
everything was prepared. History has |
given us an example of this in recent :
events. Let us persist, in our idea, which j
Is only the legitimate "and noble aspira- '-■
tion of a people which is desirous at all i
cost to preserve Its national honor spot- ,
less and as pure as a crystal.
Thus, then, there will not be a single
Filipino autonomist. Those who are so !
are, in the eyes of the- people, but time
servers, fearful of losing their riches,
threatened by risks of war. Filipinos, let
us be constant! constant! Let us
strengthen the bonds of our union.
Aguinaldo concluded with calling for
cheers for independence, the union of j
the Filipinos and for the liberating
army.
MAIL FOR VOLUNTEERS
TO BE HELD HERE, 1
' Superintendent Thrall of the railway
mail service received orders yesterday
from Washington to hold all mail at San
Francisco after the present week ad
dressed to United States volunteers In the
Philippines. This Is an indication that
all the United States volunteers will have
started from the Philippines in about four
weeks from next Monday.
Fatal Affray of Chinese.
SANTA ROSA, July 12.— Chinatown was
i the scene of much excitement this morn
' ing as the result of. a fatal stabbing af
fray. Wong Klue was stabbed In the back
• by Wong Ong on Second street and will
' die. The affray followed a brief quarrel.
Ong has long been known as a "bad
' man." After the stabbing he started
away In the. direction of the Courthouse
and ran right Into the arms of Sheriff
Grace who lodged him ln the County Jail.
Automobiles for Marysvllle.
MARYSVILLE, July 12.— business
man of this city Is in receipt of a letter
from the general agent of the Auto-truck
Company as follows:
Will state that the California Auto-Truck
Company, now being organized, will very soon
absorb the Marysville territory and will oper
ate their own automobile and auto-trucks ac
cording to custom now In the East. Nearly
all the stock Is taken and Includes some Marys
vllle capital. '
Marysville's Summer Concerts.
MARYSVTLUE, July 12.— At the sugges
tion of the merchants who contribute to
their support the open-air concerts will
not be held or, Saturday evenings here
after. This wele the concert will be ren
dered on Friday night, next week It wllj
be held on Thursday and the following
week on Wednesday. After that the con
certs will be given every Wednesday night
during the cummer. .
GUARD "TOUCHED"
FOR ALL HE HAD
iQcideQt of a ourt b of July
Celebration in Folsom
Prison.
0 SACRAMENTO, July 12.— 1t might not be thought that the convicts 0
♦ confined in Folsom Prison would enter very briskly into the spirit of a 4
2 . celebration designed to commemorate the birth of a liberty that they are *£
$ restrained from enjoying; however, the prisoners, despite their supposed o
or actual depravity, are patriotic and their observance of the Fourth of £
5 July was calculated to make the eagle shriek, in a wild abandon of ex-
'£ ultation. A story in connection with the celebration has just drifted q
2- down from Folsom.'- "-^vi^'lV^;^ *■
q All the work on the quarries was stopped and the prisoners per- ©
+ mitted to carry out a programme of athletic sports on the attractive +
rt grounds in front of Captain R. G. Murphy's office. It was necessary, of ©
4 course, to provide, sufficient guards, and among the .number detailed _.
O was Thomas P. McEldowney, who had taken pains that morning to ¥
4 dress in his best In recognition of the unusual character of the occasion. £}
© The McEldowney jewels were enlisted in the adornment of his shirt' 4
X bosom, while a gold watch and double-breasted chain were permitted to §
£ lend brilliancy to his expansive front. -:: vV^ O
© McEldowney mingled with the sportive convicts for awhile and then ♦
X repaired to Captain Murphy's office for some purpose. He felt for • his
-♦- watch and the next moment exclaimed: . ©
5 "Say, Cap, I've been touched!" ; ',; ' -♦•
rt Sure enough, the watch and chain had disappeared; but that was not V
X all. The limpid stone on his shirt front had gone glimmering. Likewise Q
X. had he been relieved of the contents of his pockets. including his j purse 4
q with the money in it, his penknife and his handkerchief. ■ J
4. McEldowney promulgated a roar, but he was advised by the old q
©■ prison officials that a search of the convicts would avail nothing, as ?
~ they had by that time buried the booty. He was prevailed upon to offer q
2 a reward in coin. hen this was announced some of the cleverest +
q thieves In the country came forward with his valuables. •' Q
+ McEldowney's reward went for the purchase of tobacco to round off +.
O the prisoners' enjoyment of the day. O
•+©4©4 4©4O♦ 0+ © ♦ O+O+O+O 4 ©4©40 40404 04 O 4 ©4©4©4©4©
GOWN OF CRAPE
FOR LIBERTY
Anti-Imperialist Feeling
* in Boston.
— • — —
THE TOWN IS PLACARDED
— • — ■—
i STINGING SARCASMS FLUNG AT j
THE ADMINISTRATION.
Recommended That the Declaration
of Independence Be Laid Away
Until the Republic Is
Restored.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON July Boston is placarded
with incendiary and treasonable circulars
and there is much excitement but the j
famous Anti-Imperialist League denies all
responsibility. The placards .say in part:
Order of exercises: First-Drape in i
i crape the Goddess of Liberty, the statues j
' and portraits of the signers of the Dec
laration of Independence, and the leading ,
sympathizers in. England: also^each Pres-
Went of the republic and Webster, (lay.
: Blame. Sumner, Logan and such others
i as the committee in charge may select.
Second-After the above exercises the
portraits of the leaders of the imperialist
party, including Senator Hanna Secre- j
tary Alger Senators Piatt and Penrose.
Governor Tanner. Havemeyer, Rockefeller
Whitney Pierpont Morgan, \ anderbllt
' and others, shall be decorated in a man- j
I ncr to denote that they are the domi- |
' nant power ln the 'American empire as
the successors of the above mentioned in
dividuals who stood for a republic.
Thlrd-The head of the Government
■ shall have accorded to him the title of,
his office-President of the United States
and Emperor of the Philippines :
; Fourth— shall be read the Bacon f
! resolution and the names of those who
voted for and against, and also abstained ,
: from voting. There shall also be read the ,
Magna Chart a. the bill of rights the Dec- ,
laration of Independence and the pream- ,
' ble of the constitution of the United ■
States, together with selections from the |
sentiments of the champions of a repub- j
lican form of government.
The foregoing papers, together with a
brief history of the downfall of the prin
cipal republic of the world shall be In- ,
closed in a suitable receptacle and sealed,
there to remain until the republic of the
United States is restored or until a dis
solution wrought by the ages shall leave
no trace of the receptacle or its con
tents: ____.
Evidence of Big Crops.
STOCKTON, July 12.— The volume or j
business being done by the river trans
portation companies is almost unpre
cedented. Every steamer has been put
into commission and ' kept in constant
operation. Speaking upon the- business
outlook. Major J. D. Peters of the Navi
gation Company says:
"There is going to be more wheat come
to Stockton this year than we know what
to do with. The warehouses will be burst
ing with grain. In about a week we will
have a steamer making daily runs to San
Francisco from Victoria Island. Ws have :
15 000 tons of potatoes to move from that
isiand which but two years ago was
dimply an unreclaimed marsh covered
with a thick growth of tule. There are, i
now nearly 4000 acres growing potatoes.
This shows the f great possibilities of the
reclaimed land."
Tree Roots Invade Sewers.
STOCKTON, July There is conster- |
nation among property owners over the
announcement of Sewer Inspector Ret ben- '
stein that there is a possibility of the
city enforcing the removal of all shade
trees which stand along the streets. It
has been discovered that in many places
the roots are clogging and destroying the :
sewers. The official has on exhibition at '
his offce a mass of cork elm, poplar and
other tree roots which he took out of a
sewer uncovered yesterday for repairs. ■
The oots had forced themselves through
the hard cement with which the sewer
joints are made tight and were taking
sustenance from the pipes, besides inter
fering with the flushing.
♦ _
Seals in the San Joaquin.
STOCKTON, July 12.— Several seals j
have been discovered in the San Joaquin i
near Whisky slough. Portions of other !
herds have been reported In the Sacra- |
mento and Feather Rivers. .
OBDONTUNDER!
iragKlggMfc^ Ii Is a Safe and Deid fi ggSsjjfea
™*^--j-S-f----S--d-^mW Sllre Rerae(^y for ' h e _BS_W^T^i^^S'
WLWGfWwWMwW Painless F ' Ttrartion -lP(^^ar^^3W^r
Hill H «B__S^ filliD - and Treat-
HkW^^ ment of Teeth. P^
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none or wnicn
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some-,
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who nave no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have Deen
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file ln our office, also the fakers who performed . the work. W. can. sud-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protectea
against these fakers. For the purpose of Introducing our ,^ c . M T dentistry w.
Juote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE -Jo- *«**. .•"■
•AYS. commencing June 17: -.
EXTRACTION. 2Bc: CROWNS. «2.00 to flO.OO:
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BOc: PLATES. fS.OO to «12.BO:
FILLINGS. 28c: REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK. $3.00 DOT Tooth..
DR. R. L.WALSH, 8155 GEARY ST., Bet Hyde an_ Larkin.
;,":". Office hours, 9 a. m. to' 6 p. __,•".'
BOUNDARY LINE
STILL UNSETTLED
Discussions Are Indefi
nitely Postponed.
— —
FAIRBANKS IS GOING EAST
— ♦ —
QUEBEC MEETING MAY NOT
. BE HELD.
. . — —
Seattle Chamber of Commerce Peti
tions for Protection for Ameri
can Miners Who Have
Staked Claims.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call. V";
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. July 12.— Reliable In
formation received here to-day indicates
the definite postponement of the discus
sions of the Anglo-American high joint
commission appointed to consider matters
in dispute between the United States and
Canada.
Sir James Winter, the Premier, does not
expect to be summoned to Quebec before
the new year in any event.
Rear Admiral Sir Frederick Bedford will
have nine British warships under his com
mand when he arrives here next week. He
will reorganize the whoje arrangements
•for the administration of the French
treaty coast: The French regard the situ
ation anxiously.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— advance
has been made during the past few days
toward the arrangement of a modus
Vivendi fixing temporarily . the Alaskan
boundary line. Meanwhile the 2d of
August draws near and It will become
necessary for our Government to make
formal arrangements with the British
Government for a postponement of the
meeting of the joint high commission.
When the commission adjourned here last
winter It was under a formal order to re
assemble in Quebec on that date. As It is
now realized that owing to the failure of
the Governments of the United States and
Great Britain to settle by direct nego
tiations the Alaskan boundary question,
the commission' could not proceed with
its work, even if it should meet August
2; steps must be taken to vacate the order.
Senator Fairbanks, president of the Amer
ican commission, has notified Secretary
Hay that he will be in Washington within
ten days to report upon his recent visit
to Alaska. ,■ = ;
SEATTLE, July 12.— Seattle Cham
ber of Commerce has taken action toward
the relief of American miners holding
claims in the Porcupine district. Presi
dent E. O. Graves has been authorized to
communicate with officials at Washington
with a view to having inserted in the
pending modus Vivendi for the establish
ment of a boundary line a clause that will
Insure protection to Americans who had
staked claims prior to the adoption of the
modus vivendl.
FESTIVE KISSING BUG
DISARRANGES HIS FACE
Stockton Man Has a Brief and Pain
ful Interview With the
Melanolestes.
STOCKTON, July 12.— Frank !>tubbs be
lieves that he Is the victim of the festive
kissing bug, and offers his enlarged face
In evidence. He is a cook at John Her
man's place and was out at an early hour
this morning looking for a soothing lotion
for his rapidly, expanding face. One eye
was entirely closed and his face had as
sumed a pealike outline. His familar
features were nowhere discernible. The
face was not discolored at all. With the
exception of a whitish-blue spot where
the. affectionate insect gave him Its sting
and the swelling there was nothing to in
dicate the presence of poison.
"I have been smacked by one of those
kissers," laconically explained Stubbs. "I
sleep in the rear of the resort. About 3
o'clock in the morning I was wakened by
a sharp stinging sensation .on my cheek.
It was very painful, and I lost no time
getting out. I thought at first it might
be a spider sting.' but they tell me the
poison does not act like that of a spider."
After twelve hours the man's face Is
still swollen out of all proportion, but no
acute symptoms have developed to indi
cate that he is in any danger.
', ♦ .
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, . _
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
THE EMPORIUM. | "THE EMPORIUM.
*************** »^*f»*t»¥»<« ♦♦*«*^f» *¥*»**«^
i Thursday Only. \
9 *
J Special one-day sales until further notice. Are you J
* reading our announcements which appear .daily in all j
* morning papers Some of the best bargains ever offered «
£ hv the big store are told of in these daily "Ads." J
* These for to-day until closing times «
I — : — ■ «
J For Thursday Only. J
t SPECIAL SALE GLOVES. I
#> f
ft, ■ Three lots of Ladies' Fine G.oves on sale to-day
* V- — : — t to close. In two of the lots some sizes are miss-
* -J I ' ing. Splendid bargains await you if your size and <f
J /T^^-~~J / _-^Ov co or is among th se: ♦
A /^_?^_X_!^~^^o_^b\ Ladies' 2-ciasp- Kid Gloves, colore red, green, J
* *~__^^ss^/ ¥^_-^ <^_ brown, tan, also black, sizes 5 i >, 5?,. 6 and fi'^.. J
» J^// \<£^2^z ' ...pair 62c J
* — ""^^-^y Ladies' 2-clasp Mocha Gloves, colorj brown, tan,
__ mode, red and green, sizes s^', &?_. 6. 6i^. 64 "#
J nil _-Q*^__h : and e-x........... pair 62 J
ft, II In __r^ ff 1"' Ladies' 2-clasp 4-but'.on and Mousquetaire Chamois.
» I I f#_i ' pair J
£ 11 l/^ -^^ In White— 6, 614, 6'^, 6%. 7, 7;. 4 and 7'^. *
* Iflf In Buff— 6},. 6^ 6% 7. 7;, and 7^. *
J . ••' " ' In Pearl— s^, 6% 614, 6^, and 63^. J
— — — — — — — — — — — — — —
*» • For Thursday Only. For Thursday Only. *
£ Special Sale Crockery Specials* *
J WaSh VeilS* English Decorate Chamber J
* or , «i- _. w„,v Sets, 6 pieces, pretty brown decora- «
J 25 dozer, only, apphque pattern Wash ti ' f arly $1.90 " set-special to- J
* • patterns, cream good assortment -ly. per g„ g—^WM J
Jof patterns, regular vain. 25= each-on. E , igh Dec * ated *
* sale to-day at IWC -_^ -^^Mush or Berry *
* -r- •^ 1 _. Jul Bowls, style shown in *
{ For Thursday Only. \*P^asJ P icture - ink blue and J
i _>• «__>"_(" V r"_f^V' sage decorations, regu- 2
J Urasn suiting* efslifs ,arl >' 10c each— special 5
* Special at 12c* <s-_--=s> to da y only 60 *
ft, Crash Suiting, the most popular and " J
* serviceable fabric of the season for Camp- Pgjr Thursday Ofllv. J
* ing or Outing Suits and Skirts, in self- ___ _ • _ _ _ -^
* colored stripes, cnecks and figures FfICHCI Miami *
y, : cial sale price to-day only, per yard.. f_?C| CIOCKS for 62C* *
J -ii -v^J. j Reliable Alarm Clocks, 4-inch dials, <j<
J __- '"^ . ~ } B^^^^^^^/ guaranteed good timekeepers — special 'ff
*<■ 2__!_; ■^# / to-day only each 6_?o *
J /^r Thursday Only. „■ Z! " *^ , 5
* French Kitchen ** Thursday .Only. *
2 French Kitchen _ -,  _ *
i Knives for 23c* Two Specials in J
* French Kitchen Knife, 7 inches Leather Goods* J
J long, made of extra quality steel, . . Genu ne Alligator *
9 brass ferrule, ebony handle, reg- i - _C' ■ ■■' — \ CoinPursos «
* brass ferrule, ebony handle, reg- ; with doub!e pock . J
* ularly 40c each — special for to- /_^^3^^^^K^ •top fastened on *
a day only 23C jyQp3BPEg_fcS>fl heavy nickel frame ♦
ft, 1 — ' i^^^S|' -*• — on B P ec i a l sale 2»
* Tvw Thursday Only •^^! S »K>C'/ 1 t°-day oniy.._?3o J
fr rOT i nursaUV winy. -^^o^7 Back Grain J
* Special Sale *tju*A S? th *_l com- *
? _r« "____«.« __;___> ■_ # __*_»__*•__> l_____-____a hlnation «
? Groceries— Liquors £__- .'APination with *
» Groceries— Liquors ss =^ J purse, with *
5 ' Lennox Soap — Needs no recom- Card Case combined, like picture to- *
A mendation— this day only, 11 bars f0r.... day only •' • .....370 *
* • 25c J
•■'_► Fly Paper "Sure Catch," same as _ -_.. , /^» /' X
-► "Tanglefoot"— cartoons containing 25 tor I ftUrSU-aV UMP. 5
* large doub'e sheets, to-day only 30c gmg __*__ M#_ , M _sffc _«#
* Whisky— Harper's Rye or Bourbon. &IXWy MXIUUS OF
* regular.y $1 bottle-to-day only -SOc M US i C FoliOS* 33C* *
X . Malaga Wine— 7 years ola, very en vr • • _,• ' *
J choice, feguarly 50c bottle-to-day Any of our 50c Music Folios, among *
ft only, 4 bottles for $1.00 th « m son X; P iano - banjo man-lolin an *
» _, , . ... ix, . guitar collection*, about tV) different <"
J Only 4 bottles Malaga to a cm- kinds in a n_ your choice to-day, and «
» A. W?r. to-day on 330 *
t Sings ■ BffiC*™ i T^KßijHa p/-^s J
i' Saturday ■PK_-__^«_s__if^_r_*!_i l ''H *^ «
« ( 7v/»" a/ CU>M«<-Uei-i jHtoße oa_taar. Receded *
J VS"' CAUFQRniAS LMGESTr- GRANDEST STORE. ' -♦
vA___4*-----**4*'***''**^'****^****'»A*******t»Ax
OCEAN TRAVEL.^
9 _.__,__»___» The S. S. Australia
-tDWI-Ts'ails for Honolulu
P_*lll% Wednesday, July 26,
M ™ at 2 p. m.
■J. <l ,"*v S. S. Moana sails
l slMm^hlllt) v 'a Honolulu and
GN-_lll_IIIU -' Auckland for Sydney
(onil-,to-^ ce 1 d 0 p sd m': August 9 '
Favorite Line Round the world, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
■ The New Steamers
BERTHA and PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above. points, making prompt
connections with our river steamers on the
For freight, passage and further Information
apply to _
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cal.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
YUKON' RIVER.
Through rates quoted, thrr.ugh tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
. NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. " :: ' ; . "
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul July 19 ! St. Paul August 16
New York August 2 New York August 23
St. Louis. ....August 9 St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland .......July 191 Westernland ...Aug. 9
A( jri a July 26 Kensington Aug. 16
Southwark ..August 2 "Noordland ......Aug. 23
.'.. EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
* SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ncr First and Rrannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe i Hioga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. .*' ..V-y -1
AMERICA MARC Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARC Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. R. CURTIS. General Agent.
COKP-GNI 1 ! GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. r-rjrr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <jrfraf>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -«--»--
Morton St. LA BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GAS-
COGNE. July 2?'; LA TOURAINE, August 5;
LA CHAMPAGNE. August 12; LA BRE-
TAGNE. August 19. First-class to Havre. $65
and' upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
A CO.. Pacific coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. j
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i
(j^, . . Steamers leave Broadway
fljg'afw. wharf. San Francisco
-____K___ For Alaskan ports, li a. m.,
npSy^Bi July 15 - 2 °. -'•■ 3". August 4.
i E__vß_M^__3 change at Seattle.
J B8&5W jtft* For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I ?-__-W l '■'• Port Townsend, Seattle,
H-. 1 Taeoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (\Vash.),
10 a. m.. July 15, 2". 25, 30,
August 4,' and every fifth day thereafter;
I change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. in.. July
13. IS, 23, 2S, August 2, and every fifth day
thereafter. .. : .»
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San ' Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July IS. 19. 23, 27, 31, Au-
gust 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisj>o). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redor.do (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. July 13. 17, 21. 25. 29. August 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
' For Ensenada. Magda.'ena Ray. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. .
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing datea
and hours of sailing.
'I It'KKt f»»-««;K —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel),
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THRO. R, ft, N, 80.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORT T_. .A. IST o
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARP •' 1 - ' ■''• ' **""• -ucuu.ru: j..rt°Vi
iHrIL -s -••<-,>•. • •'•-«« ana .Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
State of California sails July 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
' GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS-HAMBURG.
% 'Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For Failings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG A- CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST. cor. Sansome. and
lIS Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
I Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
I daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
] daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
! leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main M
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
I a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
. days, 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. "m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 50c.
ttgft^D-MULL'S REINVIGORATOK
Bpfigiyß Five hundred reward for any
|^" ***gj case we cannot cure. This secret
fl a) remedy stops all losses in 24
fflp* I hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
Wjfl pWrl tencv. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
: _■_■ IC_M Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
MM} H-SI Manhood and all wasting effects
l-Fll, *!___ 0 ( self-abuse or excesses Sent
■ sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
'■ cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDIdiL IN-
-1 STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cat Also
j for said at 1073& Market st. S. F. All privata
I diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
56
jjjjrg <s<_^E^<ir_di
THURSDAY JULY 13, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor."
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1808.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER 'WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months I.CO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •. «5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS v
"Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
(I. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK. -39 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty
second and KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AIttTJSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy."
California— "The Last Word."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. -, i '.\
Tlvoli— "Shamus O'Brien."
Alcazar— "Camille."
Grand Opera House — "Carmen."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
■nd evening. -.•.■'•"-'"•'•■..*"■■"
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
French National Celebration— July 14, at the'
Chutes. .'.'.- :V.-;.-' '
Mechanics' Pavilion— Walkers. Saturday, July 15.
HOME FROM THE WORS.
OREGON'S volunteers have returned from the
wars in the far-off Philippines and are now
safe in our harbor. Should the Government
see fit to disembark them here they will receive as
they march through the city the joyous ovation which
a proud people, animated by a spirit of patriotism,
delights to bestow on the heroic brave. Even should
it be determined to renew their voyage and take them
in the transports to Portland to be mustered out, they
will nevertheless have received while in our waters
an evidence of the popular joy over their return and
a manifestation of the honor in which they are held
by their fellow countrymen.
The campaign from which the volunteers have.re
turned has been one which imposed a heavy stress
and strain upon the discipline, the valor and the en
durance of men raised in the temperate zone and ac
customed to the comforts and the freedom of Ameri
can life. Incessant skirmishing, long marches in the
swamps and among the rice fields under a tropic sun,
exposure and the continuous danger of pestilence,
have put their manhood to the supreme test, and they
have borne the trial with such success as to add a
new honor to the glorious record of their State, and
to confirm the confidence of the republic in the trust
worthiness of her volunteer soldiery.
While comparatively few Californians are among
the troops brought back by the transports, the joy
over their safe arrival will be hardly less in this city
than in Oregon. The heroes are our fellow country
men, they are our boys. They have fought in our
war and for our flag. It is to be hoped they will dis
embark here to be mustered out, so that they may re
ceive full proof of our admiration for their valor and
their patriotism. Be that as it may, however, we bid
them welcome back to the shores of the United
States, to their homes and to those who love them.
THE RIGHT COURSE TAKEN.
WITH commendable deference to public senti
ment and the wishes of the rank and file of the
party, the Republican County Committee has
withdrawn the petition asking for the conduct of the
primary election of the party by. a blanket ticket. The
Election Commissioners have granted the committee
until Saturday to file an amended petition, under
which, in accord with the popular will, the elections
will be held by Assembly districts.
By this prompt action the committee has avoided
what threatened to be a disastrous blunder. It has
proven its willingness to act in harmony with the
party as a whole instead of following the lead of a
few would-be bosses. It is now on the right track,
and has only to continue in the same way to assure
Republican success in the coming elections.
The next step is that of providing a strong ticket
of thoroughly representative men in each Assembly
district to be voted for as delegates to the county
convention. Owing to the deep interest taken in the
municipal contest this year it will not be difficult to
get good men to serve as delegates. The convention
therefore ought- to be composed of men who have
the best interests of the party and the city at heart,
and who will nominate worthy men for the high duty
cf organizing the government of the municipality
under the new charter.
There are now good reasons for the expectation
that all will go well with the party. The first blunder
has been corrected and proof given that the voice of
genuine Republicanism is dominant in the party
councils. Republicans are to be congratulated on the
outlook, and the committee merits warm approval
for the course it has taken.
It may be, as reported, that the State Department
will never locate the resting-place of John Paul
Jones, but Americans can always put their fingers on
the place their country's earliest naval hero holds in
history.
The returned Oregonians know a good thing when
they see it. From Colonel Summers down they are
unanimous in their desire to be mustered out at San
Francisco- . . '" lv '" ~; -w- .
A HOLY WAR.
IT is one of the curiosities of the human mind that
whenever war is upon the world, and carnage is
rampant, and the pride and courage of men urge
them on to acts of signal bravery, all the slaughter is
glorified by calling it a holy war.
When Alexander marched from the /Egean to
the Ganges he carried in his headquarters equipment
the sumptuous religious establishment of his country,
and each morning before he ate paid obeisance to the
priests and sought the augurs to learn the will of the
gods. From that day to this the hallowing of war
has been a habit of the people who suffer from it.
But these days are different days. There is in the
world a larger guild of thinkers, of philosophers, of
men who look behind action to its motive. These are
more and more influencing the world's opinions.
They are more and more impressing history with the
truth. They are more and more promoting the
thought that sin in the individual cannot become sin
less in the many individuals who compose a nation.
In the end the influences propagated by such men
prevail, when the tumult of passion and the agitation
of bidders for passing popular favor have passed
away.
One reading a majority of the Fourth of July ora
tions is struck by the lack of thought, of consistency,
of truth, in most of them. In his oration at Metro
politan Temple on that day Mayor Phelan said of the
undeclared war against the Filipinos: "No word of
mine can add to the glory of our soldiers and sailors
who have laid down their lives in the most sacred
war of history."
Such extravagance . of expression is not needed to
perpetuate the worthy memory of the brave dead, nor
to secure adequate recognition of the valor of those
who have survived the rigors of tropical warfare.
Dead and living, they have done their duty, and if
the nature of' it shall impress the people with an
aversion to war and with the love of peace a two
fold benefit will follow their deeds. There is a wide
zone between the cause in which soldiers may fight
and the bravery they show in battle. \
Nearly thirty years ago Holland concluded to
"pacify" Acheen, inhabited by the same race as
Luzon. She is still at it. In that long war the Dutch
soldiers have shown the greatest bravery. While
investing an Acheen stronghold, where the native
flag fluttered from a tall staff,, one day a Dutch sol
dier was seen to run from his own lines into those of
the enemy, and the cry of "Traitor" and some shots
followed him from the ranks he had left. Im
mediately he was seen climbing the Acheen flagstaff
and when he reached the top he tore down the
native colors and put in their place the tricolor of
Holland. As he slid down the staff he was cut into
shreds by the kreeses of a thousand Malays. In the
war against the hill tribes of the Chitral the English
soldiers added to the history of heroism most brilliant
chapters, telling the story of individual bravery. The
Scotch piper, Johnny Findletter, shot through both
feet, squatted on. his bleeding stumps and, without
missing a note, played to the end "The Cock of the
North," the pibroch of the Highland regiment. In
that rough country the British soldiers cut through
ambushes, dodged bullets and bowlders rained on
them from mountain tops, and acquitted themselves
bravely and well.
In Luzon our troops have equaled any of these
deeds of courage, and their countrymen will not for
get them nor history fail to perpetuate their memory.
But reckless bravery in Acheen does not make the
Dutch war holy. The poor hill people of the Chitral
had never harmed England. National policy required
British domination of the poor land where they fed
their flocks in peace, and British statesmen an
nounced" that the Chitral was in rebellion and the
traitors must be punished, though the tribes had
never been • under British subjection and therefore
could not be rebels against it. Their country was
needed as a buffer for the Indian frontier, and their
humble huts were burned, their flocks scattered and
their braves were slaughtered for defending their
homes. The bravery of the British soldiers did not
make such a war holy. It planted in every just
heart a regret that such brave men should be ordered
to death by their country in such a cowardly cause.
Behind the Philippine war is the motive, but it is
distinct from the courage and sacrifice and suffering
of our soldiers, who know their first duty is obe
dience. What harm had the Filipinos done to us?
The cause of human freedom and the upward trend
of humanity have never been served by offensive
wars. The rise of man and the progress of the
world have been in' the keeping of those driven to
war defensively. • When men defend their homes
against invasion they have developed the genius of
self-government. If a war against those who defend
their homes is "sacred," then Mayor Phelan is right.
If it is God's purpose to punish every people who
aspire to independence, or who resent invasion,
Mayor Phelan is a correct : interpreter of the divine
will. If it is sacred, then the Mayor is a worthy fol
lower of Rev. Mr. Henson, who in his pulpit said that
cur Declaration of Independence is "as damnable a
lie" as the devil ever invented, and of Whitelaw Reid,
who says it is "an absurdity."
On the same occasion Judge Cooney said of our
undeclared war against the Filipinos: "Though" it
looks like oppression, this war in the Orient is not.
It is but a lesson to teach the natives in the Eastern
isles the true wortk of liberty."
That is what Cromwell said when his troopers
passed the Pale to pacify Ireland. It looked like
oppression when the Roundheads carried the pierced
bodies of babies on their pikes and left the mothers
groveling and deflowered behind them. The differ
ence between the physical force of the Irish and
Cromwellians was about the same as between the
Filipinos and us. The Irish were overrun, their
lands confiscated, their huts leveled, their crops
tramped into the sod. But from the Cromwellian
standpoint it was all to teach them the true worth
of liberty. They have been slow to learn, but now that
they have the Filipinos for company, and England
and this republic stand shoulder to shoulder, gun in
hand, administering lessons in the true worth of lib
erty, we hope the Judge will apologize for his past
protests against Great Britain's rule in Ireland and
will do justice to the memory of Cromwell and the
holy war he carried into Ireland.
NO. TAMPERING WITH THE MAILS.
SENTIMENTS have , been attributed to the
Postmaster of San Francisco in a. published
interview that require some explanation and
for which no warrant can be found in any official
utterance of President McKinley or of any membei
of his Cabinet. It is claimed that he had expressed
his willingness to inspect articles opposed to. the ex
pansion policy that may be' circulated through the
mail service and to unite with the Postal Inspector
in "having them thrown out." . '■ •
If this publication is not unfounded the Postmaster
of San Francisco threatens to exercise .the same
power in California through which the Czar has prac
tically destroyed the liberty and the autonomy of
Finland. Censorship of the press is the essence of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
tyranny. It has been condemned by wise and pa
i triotic journalists even as a temporary expedient, in.
the Philippines. It has been roundly denounced as
i it was established by State and by military author
ity combined in Idaho. But a press censorship
j at the Golden Gate would not be endured for a single
hour. The fact that it has been even mentioned
shows the insidiousness and the danger of the impe
rialistic tendencies of the times. '
The Call is an independent American newspaper,
i Republican in politics and devoted to the mainte
nance of our constitutional system of government in
all its integrity. It has no special affection for Mr.
- John J. Valentine, the president of Wells, Fargo &
j Co., whose contributions to anti-imperialistic litera
ture were the immediate occasion of the declarations
; charged to Mr. Montague. But, like every other
j citizen of the United States, and subject to consti
i tutional provisions and to statutes that are an ample
| protection to the public, he has a legal right to ex
j press and to circulate his sentiments upon all sub
'< jects, including the policy of retaining the Philippines.
; Any denial of this right is un American. Any actual
'■ interference with its free exercise would be the act of
i
1 a despot.
The Republican party originated in the assertion of
the rights of free speech and of a free press. It owes
its existence and its prestige to the fact that it up
held these fundamental principles' of free govern
i ment against all opposition and brought the theory
: and the practice of the country into correspondence.
; Talk of a censorship of the press, under a Republican
! administration, is simply nonsense, and only deserves
| attention on .account of the prominence of the indi
| vidual and the wildness of the ideas that have in
-1 duced these comments.
NATIONAL EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIA
TION.
TEIE meeting of the National Educational Asso
ciation at Los Angeles is an event of marked
significance. Since the days of Thomas Arnold
of Rugby, who was pronounced "the greatest school
master who ' ever lived," pedagogy: has become a
science, depending as much upon principles and rules
as upon men and women. - It has been found that 'in
education, as in all other characteristics of modern
civilization, no permanent success can be solely based
upon personal capacity, and that law and system,
which are the noiseless order of the universe, are
also the potential energies through which alone hu
man intelligence can be raised and fitted for the
higher functions of self-government.
There were two incidents in the first day's pro
ceedings of this great association that to some ex
tent affected the symmetry, if they did not mar the
harmony, of the occasion. In receiving the mass of
educators, representing the highest intelligence,
training and refinement that our national institutions
have produced, the Governor of this State, with his
usual lack of tact and with his usual
coarse disregard of fact, referred to our Cali
fornia pioneers as merely the physical agents of
American progress — wielding the ax, the shovel, the
pick and the plow, and rudely preparing a virgin ter
ritory for the higher cultivation that has come to us
at last. In that assemblage there were many dis
tinguished men who could have told a different story.
In the entire history of the world, ancient and mod
ern, no such movement of elevated humanity is re
corded as the migration to California in 1849- Schol
ars, statesmen, jurists, scientists, men who repre
sented the best strains of blood and the finest educa
tional opportunities of the age, were the represen
tatives of the Union and of the world who entered
into the possession of the territorial acquisition that
extended the American republic to the Pacific. The
convention that framed our original constitution was
; the inspiring power of the compromise measures of
j 1850, which were the crowning glory of our national
life as it then existed. The common school system
of this State leaped into comparative perfection when
the long contest ended, and without preliminary tute
lage, California was received into the Union. During
our entire history both private and public education
has flourished with almost- unexampled vigor. Our
two universities, with all their accessories, stand as
monuments to the intelligent grasp, to the sagacity
and to the deep-seated patriotism of the California
pioneers.
The address of Dr. W. T. Harris, United States
Commissioner of Education, was of a different com
plexion. It was pervaded by deep thought and elo-i
quently phrased. But it was stamped by some views
on the question of expansion that will attract com
ment and can hardly be expected to command the
assent of the Government. He used this language:
"The United States can uplift whole nations. Is not
this better than to build a Chinese wall about our
liberties?" The United States has endeavored to
guard the prosperity of its citizens by the policy
of protection and its racial purity by the exclusion
laws. It has been considered for a hundred and
twenty-five years or thereabouts that this continent
was a sufficient field for the exercise of our develop
ing qualities, and that- our national occupation was
the production and the maintenance of a Caucasian
republic. It is only lately that, under a variety of
pretexts, it has been proposed that we should form
a partnership with Great Britain for the enforced ex
tension of our civilization to the inferior races of
Asia and of the Antilles. The development of impe
rialistic ideas, under humanitarian disguises, has al
ready threatened our constitutional system, into
which it is the special function of the American com
mon school system to indoctrinate American youth.
It is an undesirable element in advancing cultivation
to have the theory and the practice of our country
reversed and sentiments avowed and inculcated that
are inconsistent with the special mission that has so
far separated the United States from the monarchy
and from the imperialism of Europe.
Dr. Harris is admirable for his capacity, but we
sincerely trust that, before the association adjourns,
there may be some modification of views that we can
not accept as sound, and that have a tendency to alter
the currents of American patriotism.
There is a disposition on the part of the Southern
Pacific Company to censure the engineer and the
station agent for the train tragedy at Newman. This
will be startling news to the people of .California, who
have been educated by the Southern Pacific to believe
that responsibility , for death on .the rails • is at ' the
door of those killed, because of their criminal
negligence in using Southern Pacific trains. „
A newspaper, that would stand idly by 1 and refuse
to extend aid. to starving men could be. expected to
do nothing less than jeer at an effort to succor them.
It is just such exhibitions of bad taste that distin
guish yellow journalism. . , .
It is a relief to hear that Chief of Police Glass has
not been "broken" by the Los Angeles Commission
ers. The reprimand they administered did not even
cost him a pain.
The liner Paris is the Houdini of steamships. No
tice the ease with which she slipped the Manacles.
THE HORSE FLY: "Say, Bucephalus, That Thing Is Liable to Drive
US Out Of BUSineSS." — From the Republic, St. Louis.
"LORD AND LADY
ALG," A RARE
GOOD COMEDY.
A SEASON of the Miller company, in
Carton's refreshing comedy would
make of us all thorough going"
sports, if one night in their society
is a criterion to judge by. We rise to a
man at the fall of the curtain and swag- >
ger out ready "to back any handy jockey
for a place," call our friends "duffers"
and tell, them their choice "has . . no
earthly," that we're not "keen" about
taking their tips and that if we're "given
our head" we're "game" enough to keep
well "Inside the rails." We want to learn
to "take in the points of a horse," -we
want to "have a bit on Flickameroo,"
we'll stake our all with Lady Algy, dia
monds included, and if we lose we'll
"wear paste and begin again." But above
all, we want to "smoke Egyptians!" We're
oyer the mood a little by morning, and
feel more safely conservative, but we
want to see the comedy again at the
earliest opportunity. We come to this
sporty feeling slowly and somewhat tedi
ously, for with restless rapidity the Mar
quis of Quarmby and the Honorable Tud
way fly from subject to subject, avoiding
the one that is nearest their hearts and
closer to the plot of the play, and when
Lord Algy frankly says "I don't see the
point," we echo his sentiments and hope
for speedy light. Nevertheless, this is art,
for in real life, when .we are about to ask
for something we much do yearn for and
have but a slim chance of getting, we
feel our way just as haltingly and
stupidly, staving off a crash as long as
possible. When they finally come to an
understanding the charm begins to work
and we are "with" Lady Algy to the end.
The quiet climaxes in the play are
charming. There is never a bid for a cur
tain call, yet it follows inevitably. The
lines are very clever— some instances
better than clever, for their point is
gained in situation and thus action and
speech go hand in hand to success. In
the last act, when Lord Algy leads Mrs.
Tudway, by off-hand persuasion, back to
mediocre respectability, the play is remin
escent of "The Liars." At times, too, we
recall "The Moth and the Flame," but
with the charm of the comedy upon us
we find these impressions but fugitive.
Lord Algy is a man of three grievances.
He wanders through the first act trying
vainly to get some one to enjoy the hos
pitality of his decanters, through the
second on a tipsy search for Mrs. Tud
way, and through all three in search of
happiness and a place to anchor. In the
hands of Mr. Miller Lord Algy so com
pletely wins our sympathy and approval
that if madame had not in the end "come
back to stay" we should have followed
her behind the scenes to undertake her
reformation. That he could hold t-he in
terest of the audience through so long a
tipsy scene as the second act requires,
with but little in the ensemble to strength
en and support it, is, without words
of mine, a sufficient tribute to his ability.
We do not understand the key in which
the second act is pitched. The scene is
too quiet. At fancy dress balls our society
register runs higher. As a nation we love
noise, and when crowds assemble a babel
of voices is indispensable. Mr. Tudway
Is the only real excitement, and he, with
his brigand make-up and "scoundrel, vil
lain, blackguard!" speeches is impossible
and absurd. But I would sit through '
three such acts to see Mr. Miller "take
a header" downstairs .and Miss Anglin
dash across the stage to 'the rescue of poor
tipsy Lord Algy, to hear her sa-y, "Come
along, dear old fellow; I'll get you a cab."
What a touch of nature and what an
artist Miss Anglin is to make the action
seem womanly and refined! I wonder
when we shall decide what role we like
her best in? In hands less skilled we
might find Lady Algy a little Impossible.
The role of the Marquis of Quarmby
was well sustained by Mr. Standing, but
why does he not articulate more distinct
ly? In fact (and let me say it gently, for
when a company is so thoroughly good
It seems carping to pick minor flaws),
several men In Mr. Miller's company will
"never make the blind see with their
ears." The Mawley of young Mr. Whiffen
was exceedingly good. If his face has the
regulation - fifty-five muscles to write the
feelings and passions and emotions with
in, we would never suspect it— never. Cap
tain Standig*?, the Duke of Droneborough,
Swepson' and Jethro are not new types.
We learn to depend upon them as part
of our regular theatrical income, but we
don't often find the roles as well handled
as they are' in "Lord and Lady Algy."
Swepson is especially good. Mrs. Whiffen
is interesting chiefly as scenery, for the
reason that she has a very stupid, un
grateful part to play. Her costume, after
and a long way behind Reynolds, Is a
stroke of genius. Miss Burton's work is
not good. She is too studied and too fond
of gesture. She does; not seem to have
learned. that thought stills the body and
feeling makes it active. The first set, with
its panels in Flemish oak and touches of
heliotrope and reseda, is, as Mrs. Tudway
says, soothing and restful. In the last
act, when the lights are on, it all takes
on a tone of 'half-mournin^ in beautiful
harmony with the dejected entrance of
Mv Lord, the unlucky, whose tips would
break the Bank of England. In spite of
lts'second act, "Lord and Lady Algy" is
a rare good comedy, and not to see it
twice is hot to know it. ■
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
AROUND THE
. CORRIDORS
Dr. A. E. Osborne of Eldridge is at the
California with his wife.
John H. Jewett and wife of Yokohama
are registered at the Palace.
W. P. Lynch, ex-Assessor of .Butte
County, is a guest at the Lick.
Captain Saunders of the transport New
port is staying at the Occidental. " . .
Thomas C. Marceau,!the photographer,
is at the Palace from Los Angeles.
H. W. Duncan, a prominent lawyer of
Los Angeles, is a guest at the Russ.
Captain J. M. Grasham, U. S. A., is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
J. B. Lankershim, a banker and capi
talist of Los Angeles, is registered at the
Palace. ■ •
E. ■ Trudo and Fred Conn, two wealthy
mining men of Santa Ana, are staying at
the Russ. ;V. ".' .
Dr. D. W. Rulison, one of the most
prominent of the physicians of Reno, is
at the Grand. -
Dr. J. S. Gaylor, U. S. N., Is one of the
late arrivals at the Palace, as are Mr. and
Mrs. Timothy, Hopkins. .
Brigadier General Owen Summers, who
returned in command of the Oregon
troops. Is at the Grand. :i'* v . - •
G. S. Holmes, proprietor of the Knuts
ford Hotel of Salt Lake, Is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. C. . B. Charlesworth of
Pleasanton arrived in the city yesterday
and went to the Occidental.
Dr. E. Bennett, one of the leading phy
sicians of San Antonio, Tex., Is one of
the late arrivals at the Grand.
E. A. Cox, a mine owner of Madera, and
M. P. Rich, a merchant of New York, are
both registered at the Palace.
John H. Millzner, a well-known and
wealthy mining man of Arizona, is among
yesterday's arrivals at the Grand-
K. W. Brown, a wealthy oil man of Oil
City, and A. M. McDonald, a mine owner
of Madera, are both staying at the Lick.
Samuel Granger, a mining man of Grass
Valley on pleasure bent, is at the Grand.
Mrs. Granger accompanies her husband.
Miss Mamie C. Barrett, who has been
studying music In Berlin under Professor
Barth for the past year and a half, has
returned to Sacramento and will again
take charge of her music class.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Conner are two promi
nent society people of Salem, Or., who
have come down to receive the home
coming Oregon volunteers. They are at
the Russ.
J. W. McCormac, a well-known and
prominent citizen of Astoria, is at the Oc
cidental. He came down to the city to
help welcome the Oregon boys on their
return from the wars.
The Brooklyn Daily Eagle outing party,
composed of the following members, will j
arrive in San Francisco to-morrow: Mrs.
John Allen, Mrs. J. A. Billings. Miss M.
H. Billings, Miss J. E. Blydenburgh,
James Bohen. William C. Bolton. Mrs. j
William C. Bolton, G. B. Bretz, Mrs. G. j
B. Bretz, Master Harold B. Bretz, Mrs.
L. Brown. Charles E. Brown, A.
S. Brown, N. Burner, Mrs. N.
Burner, B. T. Butterworth, Miss Gert
rude Campbell, Miss M. W. Colby, Miss
G. M. Colby, Miss Gertrude Corwin, D. H.
Corwin, J. A. Dermody. Catharine Der
mody, Monica Dermody, Miss Evelyn
Dobson. James Doody, Thomas Dunne,
Miss Adelaide Garland, Mrs. J. F. Gerow,
Lewis German, Mrs. Lewis German, Miss
M. A. Gordon, Miss M. E. Hall, Clinton S.
Harris, N. P. Heffley, Miss Heffley,- Mrs.
G. H. Jarvis, James D. Johnson, Mrs.
James D. Johnson, Seth L Keeney, Miss
Bessie Locke, Henry Maddock, Mrs.
Henry Maddock, Sidney Maddock, Mark
Manley, M.D.; Justin McCarthy Jr., Miss
Martha McLaughlin, Lee McKelway, E.
W. Mersereau, Mrs. E. W. Mersereau,
Thomas E. Pearsall, Mrs. Thomas E.
Pearsall. John B. Phillips, Mrs. John B.
Phillip's,' V. Bernhard Ploch, Mrs. V.
Bernhard Ploch, W. S. Pendleton, Mrs.
W. S. Pendleton, Thomas Russell, Mrs.
H. C. Simms, Miss Elizabeth O. Sklllman,
Benjamin F. Stephens, Mrs. Benjamin
F. Stephens, William W. Stephens,
Miss A. M. Treacy, Henry H. Tyson,
Mrs. Henry H. Tyson, Anson A. Voorhees,
"judah B. Voorhees, George A. Wharry,
Mrs. George A. Wharry, Henry H.
Wheeler, Mrs. Henry H. W heeler, . Miss
I ibble Wheeler, Henry Hathaway
Wheeler. Miss Hattie N. Wheeler, Miss
Lucie • B. W heeler, Miss . Marianna
Wheeler. Clark Wilcox. ...
"Look at this," said a clerk in one of,
our prominent downtown hotels. • "What j
do you think of this for a new device to
make our already overburdened lives still .
more unsupportable?"
The visitor looked to where he pointed
+<§, - — *-♦■ on the register
+ AN " ♦ and read, "E. C.
Jt. „„,„„ Doe,. St. Louis."
EMBARRASSING . -Why, what of
•SERIES OF J*" £* D e oe " IS A \
1 COMPLICATIONS. <> prominent capl- j
• - * tallst or a dis
♦♦■ .. v- -. ' *+■ tinguished citi- |
zen that he causes you all this perturba- \
tion?" v'F^'^J - " •"- ■' . :
"That's just It," answered the clerk.
"He isn't a he, he's a she, and there are
several more of the same kind here be- ,
. sides the one whose signature you are
looking at. %%%*■ '■-""'.- 'V;—"'--V •*:.-■ * >'
"For some unaccountable reason the ■,
fin de seicle maiden has come to the con- '
elusion that the prefix Miss to her name
Is an evidence of weakness, an admission ■
of Inferiority,' or something or other, con
sequently she has taken to signing her
self as you see it here, just initials, noth
ing more. '•'.".
"The result Is all sorts of complications
and more. trouble than a quart of Borneo
: monkeys with their tails singed. ■ ''■
"NOW, take this same lady. I have Just • |
VOTERS
ATTENTION!
All Republicans and voters who are in favor of an
honest administration of municipal affairs and desire a
voice in the selection of delegates to the forthcoming
Municipal Convention will please send their names and
residence addresses AT ONCE to HENRY T. SCOTT
Chairman Central Republican Committee. ' Headquarters'
Parlor Floor, Grand Hotel.
JAMES A. WILSON, Secretary.
Purpose : The classification into 'districts and pre-
cincts of such as are in sympathy with the above move-
ment, for the purpose of organization.
lost ten pounds in weight in trying to
square a little unpleasantness that was
the result of her foolishness.
"Last night, as the watchman was go
ing his rounds, when he saw a lady in
deshabille going Into room 000 he at once
came down .to the office and inquired
who had entered the room.
"The night clerk, who was not on
watch when the lady arrived, looked on
the register and found that room 000 was
occupied by E. C. Doe. Tnat was enough.
The house had a reputation to sustain
and he was the man paid to sustain it.
"He at once proceeded up again to the
room and ejected the offending damsel
without any more ado. To her protests
he turned a deaf ear, informing her in
language more forcible than polite of fhe
estimation in which young ladles of her
class were held by all honest. God-fearing
people.
"Of course the matter was finally
straightened out, but not before the pro
prietor, manager, chief clerk and every
one else had been forced to arise, dress,
go down to the office and stand around
shivering while an irate female berated
them for a misunderstanding which was
entirely her own fault.
"Yes, sir, these fads are more trouble
than enough. Some day I will tell you of
a few others and the situations they have
brought about." And, with a sigh of un
happiness, the worried clerk turned to ex
plain to a deaf man from Massachusetts
that the Sutro tunnel did not run under
Market street and why it was impossible
to reach Yosemite on the Ellis-street elec
tric cars, which went to Golden Gate and
and not to the Yellowstone Park.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOEK.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Esquerra.
Marie Esquerra, Georgia Aloaner and
Ignatio del Ruicon of San Francisco are
at the Fifth Avenue. Madame Renfrew
Wood of Los Angeles is at the Gilsey. G.
L. Rathbone of San Francisco is at the
Holland. H. J. Swain of Stockton is at
the Bartholdl. George A. Benedict and
wife of Los Angeles are at the Riviera.
D. A. Hulz of San Francisco is at the
Normahdie. John Takowski of San Diego
is at the Martin. The following San
Franciscans were passengers on the New
York, which sailed for Southampton to
day: Quincy A. Chase, Mrs. Chase,
George J. Chase. Helen E. Chase, Arthur
List, Mrs. List, K. A. Noonan, the Misses
Noonan and Mrs. Helen C. Rand. Doug
lass McClees of Los Angeles was also a
; passenger.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Mr. and Mrs.
H. Coburn Turner of Los Angeles are at
| the Fifth Avenue. A. Zeeder of San
! Francisco is at the Gilsey. Ben Liebes of
: San Francisco is at the Vendome. Henry
i S. Smart of Los Angeles is at the Hoff
] man. ;-.-""
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 11.— T. W. Grass
and wife of San Jose are at the Riggs
House; A. M. Simmes of San Francisco
is at the St. James. .
The French Celebration.
At a meeting of the committee of ar-
rangements for the celebration of the fall
of the Bastile under the presidency of Ar
thur Legallet, which was held on Monday
at the Cercle Francais, 421 Post street, the
final touch was given to the arrangements
for a day and evening entertainment at
the Chutes on next Friday. The literary
exercises will be held ln the afternoon and
a pyrotechnic display of a battle will take
place on the lake during the evening.
glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public -men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In the Divorce Court.
Rose B. Wilcox was granted a divorce
from Joseph Wilcox yesterday on the
ground, of failure to provide. A decree
of divorce on the ground of extreme cru
elty was granted John P. Sullivan from
Nellie M. Sullivan. Mrs. Sullivan was al
lowed the custody of her minor child..to
gether with alimony in the sum of $10 a
month for its support. Suits for divorce
on the ground of, failure to provide have
been filed by Farita Mondragon- against
Feliciaho, and Mabel Venabel against
Louis Venabel.
On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rate of $76. ' Occasion— annual meeting of
the worth League. Get full particular, at
the Santa Fe cf flee. • «?« Market street.
If you lack appetite try half a wine glass of
Angostura . Bitters half hour before meals.
Made by J. G. B. Siegert & Sons.S. P. DIRECTORS
DIFFER ON THE
LIQUOR ORDER
Last Week's Meeting
a Hot One.
— • —
OBJECT TO DISCRIMINATION
— —
THE PUSH OPPOSED BY THE
MORE LIBERAL MEMBERS.
♦
C. P. Huntington Runs Against a
Snag in the Place He Least
Expected to Find
One. >;->^V
When C. P. Huntington, entering upon
the role of a reformer, proposed doing
away with the saloons along the line of
his road he evidently expected some oppo
sition or protest from the outside. Other
wise he would have signed the order him
self instead of making a catspaw out of
S. N. Foster. But that his action in cut
ting out the booze would cause friction
among the Southern Pacific directors
themselves was a contingency which,
possibly, he did not count upon.
Yet his action has caused friction.^and
lots of it. At the last meeting of the
board the matter, together with the pro
tests filed by the wholesale liquor mer
chants and others interested, was brought
up, and the result was a red-hot meeting
and a head-on collision between the Hunt
ington push on the board and those other
members who were disposed to take a
more equitable view of the matter.
When the order was first issued it was
intended to embrace all the saloons along
the line without any distinction. But this
raised such a howl from the big liquor
houses by whom they are supplied and
from the saloon-keepers themselves, many
of whom the road cannot afford to ignore,
that it was decided to modify the order.
Here is where the clash occurred.
The Huntington supporters decided that
the proper thing to do was to close some
of the saloons and allow others to run
wide open, the discrimination being left
to the judgment of Manager Krutschnitt,
who is body and soul a Huntington man
and knows whom to favor and whom to
deal out severity to.
Those of the board who could see neither
the logic nor justice of such a proceed
ing violently opposed it. They argued that
If one saloon should be closed so should
another, and if the good of the company's
employes demanded that all the. places
along the line shut up, why, then, it
should mean the banishment of liquor
from the dining and buffet cars as well.
For it is just as easy for a trainman to
get liquor on board a car as it is for him
to get off at a station to buy a drink.
They furthermore characterized the or
der as an absurdity in whatever light it
is viewed. It would be impossible for the
road to banish liquor altogether. The
traveling public would not stand it. And,
even if it were possible, it would not pre
vent drinking by the train hands, as noth
ing would be. easier than for a brakeman.
conductor or engineer to carry liquor
along with him secretly, if he so desired.
This opposition, coupled with remarks
which were not entirely complimentary to
their chief's wisdom, greatly angered the
Huntington faction and some pretty
warm talk was Indulged in by both sides.
The meeting finally adjourned without
any definite agreement being arrived at,
the Huntington people declaring that the
matter would go through in the way they
had decided upon and If the others did not
like it and objected to the proposed dis
crimination they could look on, smile and
seem pleased.
The others say that, notwithstanding
the reputation Huntington has for being
a smooth manipulator, they will buck
against him and to such good purpose that
he will find that he has come to a ditch
too wide to be cleared at a bound.
When seen last week, shortly after the
meeting, Vice-President Stubbs, Manager
Krutschnitt and others of the Huntington
followers who were present in attendance
denied that the liquor matter had come
up officially or that any serious discus
sion pertaining thereto had arisen. Vet,
even though "discussion" and "officially"
may not be the proper words, the matter
did come up and provoked enough talk to
be dignified by the word "quarrel" all
rTEWITCL»J.J'" H"l" .'ILUI I I ' 'I ■■ I I.mii.i ' '."*-."'.'.'l .' . ■■ ■ j»... ... .in j I j i. I ll ilil
w ■ ■ . ■ ' :
•-■ - J ..:-";•" • ' ;
V * '.' i
fit -..'•%
• ■■ : *___jlP?'
il______i
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT OF
ADMIRAL DEWEY
IN TEN COLORS
(Size 14x21 inches)
WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE CALL
To every one Inserting an. paying
for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THl*\ PORTRAIT ,sin nosensB a cneap cnromo < but an example of
I niO lUni n/M 1 the h| . hest sty , e of mvm | nated printing In the
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing-
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else-
where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE. CALL, where sample
copies may be seen.
ARTISTIC CAKE-WALKERS
READY FOR THE CARNIVAL
— _, CORES of artistic cakewalkers are preparing to exhibit their accomplishments in Mechanics' Pavilion during the g_
a V cakewalk carnival which opens next Saturday night. Daily rehearsals are being held in the roomy annex, and gj
V J Manager Buckley is gathering together a great aggregation of talent which is bound to furnish plenty of enter- .
A IS tainment for those who patronize the unique show. The steam man has not yet gone into training, but he is al- y
> ways in good condition and can be depended upon to acquit himself in a creditable manner. A meager conception of A |
V the* size of the circus Manager Buckley is preparing to spring on an unsuspecting public can be gained from the fact < ,
■ that 273 couples are already entered in the various prize contests, including champions from all parts of the country, g j
through the big Montgomery-street build
ing, where It Is now the topic of the
hour. » V
■ ♦ ■
RAN DOWN A CHILD.
Charles Lutz, Driver of a Delivery
Wagon, Imperils the Life of
Tiny Laura Allen.
Through the recklessness of a driver
Laura H. Allen, a child of 4 years, was
run over on Kearny and Sutter streets
yesterday. The child, accompanied by
her mother, had left a Kearny street car
when L. Lutz drove up. Before his vic
tim could escape she was struck down,
both wheels passing over her chest.
Her mother, almost crazed by the acci
dent to her child, hurried her to a near
by drugstore, where she was attended
by a physician. She was suffering from
the shock, but there were no external
evidences of Injury. She was removed to
her home, 306 Laurel avenue, in a car-
rlage.
Lutz was arrested by Officer Caples.
He was first taken to the California
street station and thence to Central sta
tion at the City Hall. After hearing his
statement of the occurrence Judge Mogan
released him on his own recognizance.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAIN" AN CISCO CAI_Ii, THUESDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
OUR BLANCHE ON
THE GREAT DALY
AND T. DANIEL
Miss Bates Gets Right
Down to Work.
— —
EVER GRATEFUL TO FRAWLEY
— —
SIGHS FOR LONDON AND RUSSIA
TO CONQUER.
«
Will Play Rosalind, Madame Sans
Gene, Lady Gay and a Play ,
Especially Written for
Her.
Our Blanche has come!
Miss Bates g-ot in at 8:45, registered at
the California, got a bite to stay her
fasting spirit and went to rehearsal.
There was no time for the greeting of the
many friends; just a warm, hearty hand
shake, a radiant smile and the California
star disappeared to report to the man
ager she adores and fears— T. Daniel,
once Tim Frawley.
As the three-sheet posters have already
announced, our Blanche is the same old
Blanche. Happy, merry, absorbed in her
work, unaffected by the great successes
she has achieved and first and foremost
eager to show local theatergoers just
what she can do. Of her Eastern tri
umphs the girl that went out from the
"West to electrify the East speaks reserv
edly. "It was only a step," she said.
"It was not a case of New York ap
plauding but of New York surprised.
They were so astonished that some one
had developed even a little bit without
their knowledge and— consent.
"To please New Yorkr-that I do not
consider fame. When T.ondon and St..
Petersburg approve of me, then and then
only shall 1 consider myself famous."
Although Miss Bates is modest, she has
dreams. Dreams of a universal art.
where tongues will cut no figure, and
Russia'- capital— she is pieased to
consider the center of all high art— will
applaud an English-speaking actress,
maintaining they need not understand a
word, provided only she speak to them
in the broad language of art.
The petty annoyances that sent Miss
Bates from out the artistic atmosphere
of the great Daly Theater are now nearly
forgotten and altogether forgiven. The
death of the foremost of Americas man
agers, according to the woman who is
probably destined to be the foremost of
American actresses, has wiped out all his
petty traits. "He was a great artist,
she said, "and art is first and foremost.
The people in his company represented to
him only so many stepping stones to one
glorious artistic ensemble. He did not
look upon them as people but as things
to be ordered about in the name and pur
suit of art. ; - -;■'■ ;
"To me I believe, he took an Instant
dislike, for no other purpose than because
Miss Kenan liked me and was extremely
kind to me. He would allow no individ
uality. When I suggested a" bit of busi
ness that the emotions inspired by my role
prompted he objected. 'You are to feel
nothing,' he said. 'You are simply to be
my reflex artistic Image.' That is the
decree that caused our separation."
Miss Bates finds it impossible to speak
of her progress and success without tender
grateful words for the man who, accord
ing to herself, "made her." "I can never
do enough for Mr. Frawley," she said.
"I owe everything to him. Who would
have ever given me the chances he has?
Who would have worked with me as he
has? Talk of Belasco and his hair-pulling
course of instruction! What about Fraw
ley at rehearsal? He has sent me home
In disgrace. He has made me repeat and
repeat and again repeat. And, oh, more
stinging of all, he has questioned my In
telligence." -
When Miss Bates finished the recital of
her suffering at Frawley's hands she
sighed | and then laughed merrily. The
manager himself, who was standing by,
smiled down upon her with admiring eyes
and said. "Yes, I have been your most
severe critic." Then Frawley laughed
and Miss Bates laughed, and star and
manager exchanged a quick, warm glance
and clasped hands.
The repertoire for Miss Bates' engage
ment Is full of good things, and, further,
contains one great surprise. "London As
surance" will be presented, costumed in
the period In which It was written. Miss
Bates will make her Initial appearance in
"The Last Word," and will appear in the
surprise— a new play written especially
for her.
A Vacation's Sad Ending.
The body of little Corlnna Splivalo,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Splivalo,
was brought to this city yesterday morn
ing from Lake Tahoe by the sorrowing
parents. ■'-- ■-''■■■ '■■
Mr. Splivalo had taken his family to
Tallac for the summer. A few days ago
his little daughter showed symptoms of
appendicitis and, though doctors from San
Francisco were summoned to attend her,
the trouble increased and on Monday she
died. ;^-'_ : "
The funeral will take place to-day from
the Spllvaip home ln Belmont.
CAPTAIN TURNER BLAMED.
United States Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger Suspend His License for
Sixty Days.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger filed an opinion yesterday sus
pending for sixty days the license of Cap
tain John Turner of the fishing steamer
Henrietta. The Henrietta ran upon Dux
bury Reef on June 15 in a thick fog and
was slightly damaged. In rendering their
opinion the inspectors say:
After a careful consideration of the testi
mony in this case we are of the opinion that
Captain John Turner was negligent and un
skillful ln navigating the steamer Henrietta
at full speed in a thick fog and not sounding
at short intervals when he had no definite de
parture. Had he used his lead Instead of trust
ing, as he testified he did, to get his position
by hearing the whistling buoy off Dux bury
reef he would have discovered that the vessel
was in shoal water, and he could have avoided
striking the reef. • ■"■■■•' -'" ■ ,\. ■ ; .\
For reason of such negligence and unsklllful
ness we have this day suspended Captain Tur
ner's license as master and pilot of steam ves
sels for £0 days.
MYSTERIOUS SHOT
STARTLES J. CLAUSSEN
HE SUSPECTS W. DASSMANN JR.
OF FIRING IT.
Thinks That an Attempt Was Made
to Murder Him by the Son
of a Rival Grocer.
John Claussen. a grocer, doing business
at the corner of Howard and Thirteenth
streets, believes that an attempt was
made to murder him a few days ago.
He was standing behind his counter, when
he was startled by the shattering of his
j show window. On investigating he found
j that a bullet had pierced two panes of
! glass and a five-gallon can of coal oil.
The telephone is a foot away from the
I point where the bullet entered, and it is
i fortunate that no one was using it at the i
i time, as he would have undoubtedly re- j
I ceived the bullet in his head or face.
Claussen strongly suspects that William
Dassmann Jr., son of a rival grocer on the [
I opposite side of the street, fired the shot, j
He draws his conclusion from the fact !
that the positions of the two bullet holes I
in the panes of glass are such that the j
shot was "fired -from the inside of Days- i
man's store. The boy, who is 17 years of [
age, has been in the habit of using a 22
--caliber air rifle to shoot birds with in the I
neighborhood and the bullet found by I
Claussen in the coal oil can is a No. 22.
Claussen says that Dassmann Sr. has
borne him ill will ever since he moved out !
of Dassmann's premises. His five-year
lease expired three years ago and Dass
mann refused to renew it except at a
much higher rate, so Claussen moved j
across the street. Dassmann started up a !
grocery store on his own premises.
Officer Potter Investigated the case, but !
the Dassmann boy strenuously denied that
he fired the shot and no arrests have been
made. Some time ago the boy broke a
pane of glass with his air gun in a bakery ;
near by, but his father settled the dam
ages. :'. - -:.;:;;•,
I A Lame Back
£ ___f^Nf^*^^ Mwl&'/'/ J^^i^s, with pa in the 10 "
• 4 _^J;_:'^^^'-^__--^^^^^--_^' _r_^*^'^ff r__l of the Xidn<? >° s can DA
& _C_tt!_j_-if^_^]kA^ -y_yi' fr'\"^fe^i^^K' speedily relieved and
8» W?lszg&^*i\ A x ' j7 M\\ cured with a Belt like the
_B^ W^__!*»n \\Ll/»^' _^r-*___llliw one Bno^' n !n thi9 adver "
_ Halll _T^^t_„^v*^?^^ tisement. It conveys the
* i^_^sHc > '^' )?^_r^r_?^m^/l IP 7_x electricity through the
I body right to the spot and
S / v^aSk^^O^"^'^ does the work "like llght-
I^a_Ll!_i_liji|l^^ $!*!$!&!> body right the spot Belt
'a/WVW-* ning." With a good Belt
J -csy;l-wj_ you will have no use ' or
g __vC^ f/jST Call or send 2c ln "tamps
i y^PVv* -or "Booklet No. -" Ad-
j PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
§ 6HO Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
POISONED BY
PARTAKING OF
CANNED COFFEE
Narrow Escape of the
Caroline's Crew.
— —
SAILING OF THE MARIPOSA
— ♦ — •
TRANSPORT CITY OF PARA TO
DEPART FOR MANILA.
♦
Battleship Wisconsin May Have Her
Trial on Puget Sound Ship
Aryan Now Due Here
Is Leaking.
Four of the crew of the steamer Caro
line were poisoned yesterday and only re
covered after suffering excruciating
agony. The vessel had been over to the
quarantine station to bring back the
steerage passengers of the Nippon. After
landing the Chinese at the Mail dock the
Caroline went back to Clay street wharf
and tied up. The men then had their
breakfast, and shortly after that were
taken violently sick. Four of the men-
Oscar- Anderson, mate; P. Guerrero,
Charles Veilbaum and Ed Abbott, deck
hands— were so bad that they had to be
removed to the Harbor Hospital, where
they were attended by Dr. Morrison. The
coffee for breakfast had been made in an
old pot and an examination of this uten
sil showed that there was some verdigris
in it. This was what caused the poison
ing. Veilbaum was very sick and could
not be removed from the hospital, but
the others after being treated were as
well as ever.
The transport City of Para will get
away for Manila to-day with companies
A, F, H and X, Twenty-fourth Infantry,
and troops D and X, Fourth Cavalry.
Colonel Gilbert S. Carpenter and Colonel
William H. Bisbee and Assistant Sur
geons S. Chase de Kraft, E. C. Schultze,
J. C. Le Hardy, James Van Dusen, S. T.
Harris and R. P. Bobbins will go out on
the Para. ; -. ;
The steam collier Washtenaw and the
schooner Free Trade were in collision off
Point Bonita last Tuesday night. The
schooner's main boom was smashed and
one of her crew hurt, so Captain Thor
son came back for repairs. The Washte
naw proceeded.
Some people seem to have a grudge
against the steamer Cottage City and
every chance they get start a rumor that
some accident has happened to the vessel.
About a month ago they had her ashore
and racing with the Humboldt. There
was not a word of truth in either state
ment. Yesterday another story to the ef
fect that she had struck on a rock while
en route to Dyea was put in circulation,
when the fact of the matter is the vessel
is alongside the wharf at Seattle, being
overhauled. Such stories are malicious
and should be stopped, as the vessel car
ries a big crew and crowds of passengers
and their friends quickly hear the stories
and are scared nearly to death in conse-
quence.
The steamer Umatilla sails for the I
sound next Saturday and will connect '
at Seattle with the Roanoke for St. Mich
ael and Cape Nome. The Umatilla is one
of the largest and finest steamers on the
coast, and intending gold hunters are go
ing up on her in dozens. At Seattle the
miners will join the ex-transport Roan
oke and will go almost direct to the Cape
Nome fields, as only a short stop will
be made at St. Michael.
Captain Gielow has taken command of
the steamer Santa Cruz, as Captain Ol
sen has gone north to take command of
the Orizaba. The latter steamer is go
ing to make a special trip to Alaska with
dynamite and combustibles.
The battleship Wisconsin will go on
Hunters Point drydock next week to
have her propeller put on. All the bar
bette armor is in place on the battleship,
but her side armor may not be here for
months. When the latter has been put
on the Wisconsin will be unable to dock
here, and that is why she is having her
wheel put in now. • There Is a possibility
of the Wisconsin having her trial trip
on Puget Sound. She will not be ready
for her government test until the first of
next year, and by that time she will be
ready'for drydocking again. With all her
armor on the only dock that will be able
to accommodate her will be Port Orchard,
and if she has to go there she will re
main on the sound and have her govern
ment test there instead of on the Santa
Barbara channel. • ,
The" fine American steel ship Aryan is
causing her owners some anxiety these
days. She is now out twenty-six days
from Honolulu and the Irmgard, Stand
ard Bendixsen and Mohican are out from
twenty-six to thirty-one days. Still, if the
Aryan came along everybody would be
pleased, while no fears are entertained for
the other vessels. When the Aryan came
here five years ago on her maiden voy
age there was a leak somewhere that
could not be located. That leak has kept
on getting worse, until it <*ot so bad while
the vessel was in Honolulu that her char
ter had to he canceled (she was to load
sugar for New York). A diver was sent
down and everything possible done to lo
cate the leak, but all efforts failed, and
the Aryan is coming to San Francisco to
go on the drvdoek. That is why her own
ers will be glad to hear of her arrival.
The chances are that the American ship
George Curtis, now at Honolulu, will come
to San Francisco and be added to the
sugar fleet. The vessel is for sale, and
an offer for her by a San Francisco house
went down on the last steamer. The offer
will probably be accepted, and the Curtis
will in that event come here instead of go
ing to New York. .... --.'•■'■■ --?*■■■ « / ■:
The steamer Mariposa sailed for Sydney,
NSW via Honolulu, Apia and Auck
land ' last'night. She carried an unusually
heavy cargo and the following passengers:
Honolulu— Henry Alferitz and wife, M W.
Anderson, wife and two children. A. D. Bald
win Fred Baldwin, C. _. Beal. W. S. Belfleld.
T J Belser Dr. D. R. Brow er. Miss V. Christ
man C ('lark, 3. A.Clough. Dr. Charles Davi-
Son Mrs W. E. Elliott; Miss Elliott, Theodore
P Fluhr L. J. Frank and wife, Mrs. Robert
Grieve II Billiard, A. F. Jones, wife and son,
Mrs George F. Kimball. Miss Kimball. W. T.
Lucas R. W. McChesney, J. L. McLean, wife
and two children. Miss Martin, G. Mauer,
James A. Miner, Mrs. E. M. Moore, R. B. Mill
len Robert Owens, wife and two children, Mrs.
FA Totter, J. B. Schweitzer. Dr. M. Senn. D.
B* .^"mit C. D. Vincent, J. Waterhouse. S. J.
Wil'ks. wife, two children, maid and valet, J.
N. S. Williams.
Apia— E. L. Graves. ''■•••'! '"•■•"" : ■'-'
Auckland— F. E. Baume and wife, W. Gentry
Bincham. D. Craig, A. Duncan, Miss E. C.
Izard W. A. Kelller. John B. Teal.
Sydney— H. A. Benson, Mrs. Henry Bratnob
er T J. Bush, D. X. Mcßride, H. Murdock,
\v' C Peacock, Miss H. Ralph. Professor E. H.
Rennie and wife. J. P. Richardson, George A.
Stonier. H. A. Thomas, wife and child, Edgar
E. Turner, G. H. Woodbury. ■.:■'-• -vi
Join at Honolulu for Auckland— Captain B. F.
Chapman and Miss Poston.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— M. C. Sherman,
F. C. Taylor. Captain T. G. Taylor, L. C.
Vanuxem Mrs. E. K. Vanuxem, Miss Florence
Vanuxem", Miss Mary Vanuxem, - Hugo Wllck
ens.
Senator C. D. Clark of Wyoming Is on
a pleasure trip to Hawaii. Mrs. Robert
Grieve is going back to Honolulu with the
remains of her husband. They came to
California on a visit to friends and while
here Mr. Grieve died. J.. N. S. Williams
was a planter in Cuba for five years, but
ran the blockade during ' the war and
reached the United States. He is going
to Hawaii to settle down.
VALLEY ROAD ELECTIONS.
Annual Meeting of the Directors,
Which Is Set for Tuesday
Next. .
On Tuesday next the directors of the
Valley road will hold their regular annual
meeting for the purpose of going over in
a general way the business of the year
just passed and of electing officers for the
year to come.
Owing to the absorption of the Valley
road by the Santa Fe system it is proba
ble that E. P. Ripley of the Santa Fe will
be elected to fill the vacancy which will
be created by the resignation of Claus
Spreckels from the presidency of the road.
Aside from this it Is not expected that
the present executive staff will be very
materially altered, though in some of the
minor positions many changes may take
place.
AEASKA MAILS.
Steamer Portland Will Leave on Sat-
urday for St. Michael and Yukon
River Points.
The next dispatch of mall, Including
second, third and fourth class matter, for
Dawson City and other Yukon River
points will be by the steamer Portland,
which will leave this port for St. Michael
about next Saturday. That will be the
last dispatch of Yukon River mail from
this port this year.
Mail will leave Seattle for St. Michael
and Yukon River points, including Daw
son City, on July 20 and August 20. Mat
ter for these trips should be deposited in
the San Francisco Postoffice at least
three days earlier. Mail for St. Michael
will be shipped whenever received, but
the postoffice authorities will not guar
antee that any mail will go up the Yu
kon River after August 20.
Letter mail exclusively, which goes by
way of Juneau and Skaguay, will be
shipped once a week, as usual, and will
be forwarded whenever the overland route
is passable.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$19 Invested
Has Often Made
$1000
lii Oil
Mil V^ll*
THE. CALIFORNIA FIELDS ARE
rivaling those of the world as fortune
makers for the lucky investors.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Company,
323 PARROTT BUILDING.
Has a perfect title to 2160 acres of fully
tested oil-bearing lands ln this wonderful
5000 shares of the Treasury stock will be
offered for a few days at
$3 PER SHARE.
This stock will certainly advance quickly.
GET IN ON THE GROUND FLOOR.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
ATTENTION,
REPUBLICAN
CLUBS!
The presidents and secretaries of In-
dependent Republican Clubs are invited
to meet the Executive Committee of
the Central Republican Committee at
their headquarters, Grand Hotel, on
THURSDAY EVENING, July 13,
AT 8 O'CLOCK,
For conference as to the plan of select-
ing: delegates to the Municipal Conven-
tion, i Z. U. DODGE,
Chairman Executive Committee.
JAMES A. WILSON, Secretary.
Money at 6 per Cent
Money to loan at 6 per cent per annum, on
City Real Estate Security, by
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY,
AMUSEMENTS.
AI_CAMRS™
FOUR MORE PERFORMANCES of Alexander
Dumas' Play of Intense Emotion,
CAMILLE!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
\ AS CAMILLE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c 55c.
NEXT— THE NEW MAGDALEN.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THIS IS MM POPULAR
AMATEUR NIGHT!
3— Great Big Shows-3
Show No. I— High Class Vaudeville Artists.
Show No. 2— Big Amateur Variety Company.
Show No. Ladles' Wood-Sawing Contest.
IN THE" ZOO,
THE OLD MAN KANGAROO
Telephone for Seats, Steiner 1851.
ON SALE FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
6 Admission $1.00 Coupon
Tickets, Transferable,
FOR THE
International Cakewalk Carnival
and Fair.
MECHANICS' PAVILION. JULY 15 to 22.
At the Following Leading Stores and Places of
Business :
The Emporium; Hale -Bros. & Co.: M. A.
Gunst & Co.. Market st. ; Oncograph Parlors;
Dan P. Carter; The Zeno Mauvals Music Co.;
and other stores.
These $1 tickets will be withdrawn from sals
July 15.
REGULAR ADMISSION, Sso.
Liberal proportion of carnival receipts given
to the "California Soldier Boys' Fund," i
DR. -.ELMER'S REMEDIES.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT
Is Not Recommended for Everything
_________
But if You Have Kidney or Bladder
Trouble It Will Bo Found Just
the Remedy You Need.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind,
discourages and lessens ambition:
beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon
disappear when the kidneys are out of
order or diseased.
Kidney •; trouble has become so preva-
lent that it is not uncommon for a
child to be born afflicted with weak kid-
neys. If the child urinates too often,
if the urine scalds the flesh, or if, when
the child reaches an age when it should
be able to control the passage, and it
is yet afflicted with bed-wetting, de-
pend upon .it, the cause of the difficulty
Is kidney trouble, and the first step
should be toward the treatment of these
important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition
of the kidneys and bladder and not to
a habit as most people suppose.
So we find that women as well as
men are made miserable with kidney
and bladder trouble and both need the
same remedy. The mild and the im-
mediate effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It is Bold by druggists, in
fifty-cent and one dollar sizes. You
may have a sample bottle by mall free,
also pamphlet telling all about It, In-
cluding many of the thousands of tes-
timonial letters received from sufferers
cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. V., mention the San
Francisco Daily Call.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Frledlander, Manager.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY TO-NIGHT.
Mr. Frawley takes pleasure In presenting
MISS BLANCHE BATES
And COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
In the late Augustln Daly's Most Sucesßful
Comedy,
THE LAST IA/ORD.
THE COMPANY— Rose. Mary Van Hu-
ren, Edith Miller. Manola Mound, Katheleen
Chambers, Belle Vaney. Rose Whitney. Mrs. F.
M. Bates, Augustus Cook, Harrington Rey-
nolds, Charles W. King, Alfred Hickman, Har-
ry Turnbull, Frank Wllmot, J. H. Amory, J.
B Hollls. George Gaston. Frank Mathleu.
Thomas Phillips, J. C. Riley and T. Daniel
Frawley. ' _ _ _. _,
RESERVED SEATS, 25c. 50c. <oO and $1.
MONDAY. July 17— MISS BLANCHE BATES
and COMPANY OF PLAYERS. In "THE
DANCING GIRL." ,
COLUMBIA^
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
A/V_.
A SPfflAl COMPA/VY
First Time In This Country Outside of N. Y.
of h t h! it I LORD AND
called" I LADY ALGY
___________ A BRILLIANT COMEDY
By R. C. Carton, Author of "Liberty Hall."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT CO. (Inc.), Lessee.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Magnificent Revival in English of Bizet's
Charming Opera,
"CARMEN !"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved, 350 and 500.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved. 15c.
GALLERY, 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 160
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
NEXT WEEK "OLIVETTE"
MISS MINNIE PALMER
(The Original My Sweetheart.)
In the Dainty One-Act Play, "ROSE
POMPOM."
Assisted by FRANCIS JERRARD, Late of Tha
Haymarket Theater. London.
GEORGE WILSON, Premier Monologlst,
THE RIXFORDS, Acrobatic Wonders.
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS, Comedians.
HAVES AND LYTTON. MORIE. THE FAR-
RELLS. GARDNER BROS.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
A HOT SHOW
THE LAUGHING. TRIUMPH
The Spectacular Extravaganza
"BLUE BEARD"
|In summer attire.)
GREAT CAST
SUPERB SCENERY >V.
BEAUTEOUS COSTUMES
NEW SONGS, DANCES, SKITS.
Matinee every Saturday at 3 p. m.
POPULAR PRICES. ..2Sc and 500
Our Telephone— Bush 9.
FALL OF TBE BASTILE!
French National
Celebration ....
FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1899
ALL DAY
ALL NIGHT!
AT THE CHUTES!
LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT. GAMES,
PYROTECHNICAL SHAM NAVAL
BATTLE ON LAKE.
FIREWORKS^ GRAND BALI*
ADMISSION 25 cents. CHILDREN 10 cent*.
GROUNDS OPEN AT 10 A. M.
ALL NIGHT ELECTRIC CARS.
1 *
CONCEBTS AND RESORTS. **_
-__»__ _>"_•-> W Those who were there-
._ say the Panorama Is a
/-*■_• correct representation.
%J 1 Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
J|/| «-_«_____-_ noons and evenings.
Ifl3rill3 Market st nr.ElghtH.
Admission, 50c.
«_-.»? Children. * 5c -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. ______ __
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M
ADMISSION. 10c. , CHILDREN 50
Bathing, including admission. 2ac; Chil-
dren, 20c. '
Wee_ly G__;sl.oo pr Year
78
BIG EVENTS IN THE SPORTING WORLD
THE SHAMROCK
HAS SUSTAINED
NO INJURIES
False Rumors Given
Circulation.
■ — ♦ —
CERTAIN CALKING NECESSARY
— ♦ —
REASON FOR THE DOCKING OF
THE oHALLENGER.
*
General Overhauling and Inspection
Deemed Necessary Before the
Trials With the
Britannia.
♦
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISS9, by James Gor
don Bennett. _ __
SOUTHAMPTON, July 12.— A1l sorts of
delusive reports are current here. In de
fault of news concerning the. reasons for
the Shamrock being docked, and wanting
a sensation at any price, some of the
press representatives dish up the worst of
reports, with a little sauce dlable of their
own.
This particular sensational proclivity Is
stia further aggravated by the absolute
reticence of all persons connected with
the Shamrock. Truth naturally cannot be
so interesting as fiction, but the truth is,
that the docking of the Shamrock- was
merely owing to the fact that certain
calking -wa* found necessary. It was not
cwing, as has been stated, to a plate giv
ing way, but in a general way. as" might
be expected in a new yacht. Sir Thomas
I.'^ton naturally denies the leakage story.
One of the principal reasons for the
decking was that there is plenty of time
now, and there will not be time when the
yacht gets to Clyde. Docking her for only
slight defects is a luxury which Sir Thom
as tan afford.
The yacht has now been in the water
nearly three weeks, and the designer and
captains were unanimous in the opinion
that a general overhauling and inspection,
with a tut recaiking and polishing of her
bronze bottom, would be of much practi
cal value.
tiir Thomas jpton's big yacht Erin re
mains cJut in the waters of Hythe, look
ing lonesome without the gay-colored
Shamrock. Owing to the fact that the
tailing spin between the Shamrock and
Britannia will not be possible before July
lb the situation is somewhat altered.
First, then will probably be only time
for one sail; second, matters will have to
be hurried up in the north to get her
litted out in time.
Sir Thomas, I hear, wishes absolutely
that she should start out on her voyage
from Clyde during the first week of Au
gust, and by the end of that week at the
latest. You may now take it that she will
leave here as soon as possible after
July 18.
The Britannia as I saw her yesterday
at Cowes. after having left Fay's yard,
appears as though she were new, with
fresh, copper, new keel, boom and gaff.
Marvin of Cowes is busy cleaning her
Hpars; she has been recalked and has new
bulwarks and taffrail. besides which lots
of new work has been put In her below.
She has been upholstered afresh.
The Satanlta, her old rival, is being
scrubbed. She has been docked at Fay's
yard and is nearly ready for Cowes' great
yachting week. The Meteor remains at
anchor off Hythe, waiting, it is said, for
a good opportunity to be docked. There
is much discussion at Cowes as to
whether the Kaiser will take part in the
yachting.
One fact is known— that his Majesty has
accepted an Invitation to be present at
Essen during that identical period, but
of course he could cancel that If he liked.
BROOKLYN AND BOSTON
CAPTURE THEIR GAMES
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....50 23 .685 Pittsburg ...35 36 .491
Boston 45 27 .625 Cincinnati ..35 36 .494
Philadelphia 43 27 .616 New Y0rk... 32 39 .451
Chicago 42 27 .609 Louisville ...28 45 .381
bt. Louis 41 31 .SG'J Washington 25 49 .33^
Baltimore ...33 30 .565 Cleveland ...12 67 .174
NEW TORK, July 12.— The Brooklyns took a
safe lead to-day early in the game and never
were in danger. Dahlen's home run drive, with
two men on bases. In the third, and some
pretty collective hitting In the fourth by Brook
lyn sent Hudhoff to the bench. Meßrlde suc
ceeded him and made a home run on his first
time up. Dunn was effective and received good
support. Attendance, 2400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E
Brooklyn 10 10 2
St. Louis 5 9 3
Batteries— Dunn and Smith; Sudhoff, Meßrlde,
O'Connor ar.d Crlger. Umpires— EmslJe and Mc-
Donald.
BOSTON, July 12.— The Champions turned the
tables on the Chlcagos to-day and won a hard
ought contest through bunching hits in the
sixth. Both pitchers were very effective, while
the fielding was sharp throughout. Attendance
3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. _.
Boston 4 6 2
Chicago 15 2
Batteries— Klllen and Bergen; Taylor and
Donahue. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. July 12.— 1t was a tight
squeeze for the Phillies to-day, but by oppor
tune hitting In the sixth inning they managed
to secure a narrow lead, which Cleveland could
not overcome. Attendance, 3249. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Cleveland 2 g ]
Philadelphia 4 9 2
Batteries— Knepper and Pchreokon(?nst: Magee
and Douglass. Umpires— Snyder and Latham.
WASHINGTON, July 12.— After getting a lead
In to-day's game, Cincinnati, by consecutive
errors on easy chances, permitted tha Senators
to win in the ninth Inning. Freeman to-day
made his eleventh home run this season. At
tendance, 12S1. Score:
Clubs— R. h. B
Washington 10 12*-* r.
Cincinnati 5 9 7
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttredge; Taylor and
Wood. Umpires — Swart wood and Smith.
BALTIMORE. July 12.— Nops was found
easily and often by the Colonels to-day. while
Cunningham had nine sleepy Orioles on his
string until the seventh Inning, when they woke
up too late to overcome the handicap. Attend
ance, 1219. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E
Baltimore 3 11 2
Louisville 13 16 1
Batteries— Nops and Crisham; Cunningham
and Zimmer. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
NEW YORK. July 12.— The Plttsburgs out
batted the New Yorks to-day. The locals' hit
ting was more timely. Carrlck pitched In splen
did form and would have scored a shut-out but
for errors by Van Haltren and Gleason. At
tendance. 500. Score: /:.:^l
Clubs— R. H. E
New York 4 6 5
Pittsburg 18 I
Batteries — Carrlck and Grady; Chesboro and
Bowerman. Umpires— Manassau and Hunt.
DIED FROM HEAT.
CHICAGO, July 12.— There were six
prostrations from heat here to-day. The
temperature was not over 90 degrees at
any time during the day, but the great
humidity ma.de the temperature very op
pressive.
The cases of Byron Sheehan, a laborer,
and Perry Vanbusklrk, a bartender,
proved fatal. ?r>:
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in tin colors, size 14x21 inches,
r+ady for framing, _■ .^ ; : . ,
EXPERTS FAVOR
THE CHANCES OF
THE AMERICANS
Harvard Team a
Strong One.
♦ —
WILL CAPTURE THE SPRINTS
— ♦ —
LONG DISTANCE RUNS MAY GO
TO THE BRITONS.
*
In the London Betting the English
Athletes, With the Climate in
Their Favor, Are Made
Favorites.
. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. July 12.— President Hunter of
the- Cambridge University athletic com-
I mittee during an interview to-day said:
"Mr. Sherrill originated the Idea of In
ternational college athletics with the sug
gestion that Oxford and Cambridge *ssue
a challenge. The sole reason for limiting
it to Yale and Harvard was because they
LAUNCH OF THE NEW CUP CHALLENGER, THE SHAMROCK.
From a Photograph.
T'l "\ ENSE mystery' surrounded the Shamrock, the challenger for the American cup, up to the time that she slid into the?
til water from the ways at Fife's shipyard. Details concerning her are still kept secret to the greatest possible extent. 4
y I I but the shrewd observers who have seen her in the water are able to describe her. with sufficient exactness toi
♦ II satisfy any one except an expert in the technicalities of yacht building. The Shamrock is supposed to draw over 20 '
<$, ■ J feet of water, which fact was indicated by her grounding at a place where the water is said to be 20 feet deep. She!
+ has a mainsail that weighs a ton, and 26 men were required recently to roll It up. It Is the largest cutter mainsailf
/that has ever been bent In England. The total length' of the Shamrock is 125 feet. One report^,
ihas it that her draught is 18 feet 6 inches. This is probably a mistake. The canvas alone in the mainsail'
f weighs near about 2400 pounds. The Shamrock will be commanded in the great race by "Archie" Hogarth,, .who formerlyT
manded the famous Isolde. Second in command when the Shamrock meets the Columbia will be Robert Wringe, whoT
♦ ha« won reputation as commander of the Allsa and also as master of the Duke of Abr;:z_i's Bona. The Shamrock s crcwj
•iwlll consist of thirty men who have been selected with great care, the selection being baaed upon their experience as racing
♦ yachtsmen in British waters. Before the Shamrock meets the Columbia there will be trial spins against British yachti,'*
and the Prince o.* Wales will probably sail the Shamrock on at least one occasion against his yacht, the Britannia. The a
"'Columbia Is a fit rival for the crack British yacht and a race that will long be famous Is likely. V
- - . :*■ 1 r '' .-'■: ;-> t '
are considered above the suspicion of pro
fessionalism. We haze received from
them the greatest courtesy. There has
been no hitch whatsoever during the ne
gotiations. It has been a pleasing policy
of give and take on both sides, with the
happiest results.
"The meeting promises to be a keen
<!trii_-le The Americans will probably
win 'he sprints and we ought to pull oft
The long events, as it is well known the
Americans' seldom run a good, long race
Thomas and Burke, In the :ilW (yards and
ouartor-mile, will take a lot erf beating.
Adams" half-mile time is quite two sec
onds too good for our men- " 0 o cl ] ncn -P;
pears to have jumped quite two inches
nl^o e me a th A erformances of the visit
-Some of the performances of the visit
ors are remarkable, but America la a ong
way off and some American journalists
have vivid imaginations. One-fifth of a
second appears to them inconsiderable,
out on the track It is a considerable quan
tity If the races are correctly reported
they will probably wit." of the
Honorary Secretary Herbert of the
_Sateu? Athletic Association in an inter-
KbSseuf-St of the status of the
American and Knell sh teams has been
related to me by both Bides. My de
cfslon will be final. I know nothing offl
c all" about Burke and Qulnlan. I me
Burke in America four years ago I have
not .'el received the names ot the com
petitors and thus far have only received
the articles of agreement. These I have
carefully considered and anything more
stuuid 1 cannot conceive. The limitations
are 00 close in some directions, while
they are too wide in others for a compe
tition of international character. AY hy
the Question of professionalism was not
presold to me before the Americans
sailed I cannot understand, unless it Is
That they are perfectly confident that all
of them come within the amateur ruies.
Of course records of all the contest
ants will be closely scrutinized. They
may depend upon absolute fairness, but
what the decision will be no one knows
■■In regard to the capabilities of the
teams, if the newspaper reports are true
• ,.111,1 ,1 with my personal knowledge of
the P men 'think. With Burke Included,
thi Americans will pull off the odd event
Our men are going strong. We have not
a doubt about T.omlinson and Bcvan. but
the Americans will give us a tough job.
Bets rule here 5 to 4 on the British and
John Bull's climate may decide the con
test I can only add the pious and unoffi
cial wish that every best man sent over
Southampton, July I_.-The mem
bers of the athletic teams of -ale and
Harvard universities, who arrived by ..he
American liner St. Louis this evening,
are in excellent health. There was a busy
scene on the Southampton dock when they
disembarked. They were greeted by the
United States Consul. John _. Hoplev .
and a number of personal friends. .he
teams proceeded as quickly as possible to
the hotel, where they are to remain for
the night. Early to-morrow morning they
will leave for their training quarter, at
Brighton. ____'
TROTS AND PACES.
Winners of Speed Contests for the
Harness Brigade.
DETROIT, July 12.— Highland Park
to-day the weather was fine and the track
good. In the 2:18 pace. Arbuteskan low
ered his record from 2:20 to 2:10%. Re
sults:
2 17 trotting— Lord Vincent won ln straight
heats. Time. 2:13%. 2:14*. 2:14%. Jack D.
Relnforth, Quicksilver, Geraldlne, Rightwood
and Excel also started. . .
2:18 pace— Arbuteskan won in straight heats.
Time 210*;. 2:14%, 2:14%. Colonel Bell, Fritz.
Minnie Young. F A D. Kathleen. Athon, Harry
Hall and Free Bind also started.
2-09 pacing— Hal B won In straight heats.
Time, 2:10',,, 2:09%, 2:08%. William Me. Kicol
B, Nellie Bruce and Halleena Duplex - also
started. -.";•'
PEORIA, Hi., July 12.— The weather for the
second day of the Peoria Trotting Association
meeting was beautiful, a large crowd was in
attendance and the track was fast. The time
made was remarkably fast for the classes. The
unfinished 2:0» pace of yesterday was first on
to-day's card and was won by Kitty R In
2:CS%. Only two heats of the 8:16 class were
trotted this afternoon. Results:
8:09 pace, puree $1000 (unfinished yesterday)—
Kitty R won first, second and fifth heats; Ar
getta second, winning third and fourth heats;
Colbert third. Robert Wilkes, Princess Eu
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, HUB SPAY, JULY 13, 1599.
late. Raymond M and Ethel A finished as
named. Time, 2:09%, 2.CSH. 2:10. 2:OSH. 2.05 V,.
2-20 trot, purse 810C-0— Bessie Gilbert won third,
fourth and sixth heats and the race; best time,
2:15. Madison second, winning first and second
heats: best time. 2:_«. Thomas C third, win
ning fifth heat; Lady Clarissa fourth. Hilt
wood, H. W. Grady, Julia D and Judge Wiley
were all distanced. -
2:25 pace, purse $1000-Shade On won first,
third and fourth heats and the race: best time
2:10 A. J. Click, second, won second heat In
2:12%: B.>tina Wilkes third; C V. B fourth
Pelden Wilkes. Chester. Annie Coffee, Celeste
B and C B also started. _„„„
216 pacine, purse $1000 (unfinished)— Baby
Ruth won the first heat in 2:09; Will Trnnby
the second heat In 2:10. Shecan, Don. Reward,
Extra. Judge Mills, Jersey Mack. Harry Mo
tor, Seneca See, Morinial and Streator also
started. "■■:/; iv.v '.-
SAGINAW. Mich.. July 12.— After six heats
the 2:11 pace was unfinished and had to be
postponed. Weather and track were good. At
tendance. 8800. Results: , _.
2-27 trottinp— Ed Winter .won In straight
heats Time. 2:12»;. 2:14%. 2:15%. Derby Lass,
Perune, Baron March and Captain Bracken also
started. I _->' ' '"'-" •" ,
2:11 pace— Lord Rosebery won first and second
heats in 2:11*» and 2:11%. Donnosrh won third
and fourth heats in 2:10^ and 2:12%. Eyelet
won fifth and sixth heats In 2:12% and 2:lfiV
Nets W. Will I^yburn. Red Seal, Sidmont and
Walnut Dad also started.
2*34 trotting— Miss .Tav won second, third and
fourth heats. Time. 2:18. 2:17%. 2:l7V|. Owyhee
won first heat in 2:16. Wlnewood, Lady Gilbert,
Basil Wilkes, Clark, Bay Star and Louise w
also started.
FIRST TO THE WIRE.
Placed Horses in the Races on East-
em Tracks.
NEW YORK. July 12.— The third race
at Brighton Beach to-day— a handicap at
a mile and a sixteenth— was the feature
of the card and furnished a pretty race.
Marslan. the outsider of the field, was
the quickest to move and showed the way
up the back stretch, with the others close
up. He tired at the six-furlong pole and
St. Cloud took up the running and stayed
in front to the end. winning in a drive
by a length from George Boyd, who came
with a rush and beat Glorian for the
place. Results:
Five furlongs, selling-Theory and Hard Knot
dead heat. hanus third. Time, 1:01%.
Six furlongs— Haste won. Premature sec
ond. All Gold third. Time. 1:16 1-6.
One and a sixteenth miles— St. Cloud won,
George Boyd second. Glorlan third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs— Big Gun won. Freyllnghuysen
second. Lady Contrary third. Time. 1:16 2-5.
One mile, selling— Greyfield won. Tyrshena
second. Gnlathee third. Time. 1:41 4-5.
Hurdle, handicap, one and a half miles — Dud
ley E won. Howard Mann second. Premier
third. Time. 2:4$ 2-5.
CHICAGO, July 12.— Weather at Hawthorne
clear; track fast • Results:
Five furlongs, two-year-old maidens— Reseda
won. Belle of the Glen second. Aileen Wilson
third. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs, selling— May Reach won, Sim
W second. Rouble third. Time. 1:13%.
One and a sixteenth miles, handicap—Gra.
--! zlella won. Cherry leaf second. Branch third.
1 Time, 1:46%.
One mile, threo-year-olds. « Piling— Harry Nut
ter won. Limowater second. Flnem Resplce
: third. Time. 1:41%.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds, maidens — Diana
' Fonso won, Sam Fuller second, Merit- third.
' Time. 1:02%.
One mile— Horace won. Del Paso II second,
! Lucky Star third. Time. 1:40%.
ST. LOUIS. July 12.— Results:
Six an- a half furlonsrs— Diser won. Sorrow
second. Belle Ward third. Time, 1:22.
Selling, one mile— Sir Joseph Lister won,
I Koenlg second, Moralist third. Time, l:43Vi.
Heats, five and a half furlongs— Barrlsso
won. Nellie Baker second. Silver Set third.
Time. 1:09. , ■.•'••'_"■■■ - '-■
Second heat— Silver Set won. Nellie Baker
second. Flora G third. Time. 1:09%.
Rurl off— Silver Set won. Barrlsso second.
Time. l:lQVfc.
Selling, one mile— Banish won, Llvadla sec
! ond, Cathedral third. Time, 1:424.
One mile and seventy yards— Duke of Baden
won. Sir Rolla second. Judge Steadman third.
! Time, 1:46. .= - £ , '-:
Maiden two-year-olds, five and a half fur
longs— Pldbow won, Havlland second, Glen Lake
third. Time. 1:10.
BUFFALO, N.Y.. July 12.— King Ellt wood was
the only winning favorite at Fort Erie. Re
sults: ....
Six furlongs— Our Lizzie won, Wadsworth sec
ond. Waban third. Time, 1:16%.
Five furlongs— won. Advance Guard
second. Foneda third. Time, 1:03%.
One mile— King Elkwood won. Vanessa sec
ond, Wenlock third. Time, 1:42,5.
Seven furlongs- Alice won, Albert S.
second. Amber Glints third. Time. 1:29%.
Six and a half furlongs— Colonel fluke won,
Rena Campbell second, Oak Maid third. rime,
1:23%. 1 -;:,■•,-.
One mile— Mlsehlefmaker won, Dirk Warren
second. Windward third. Time, 1:42%.
SLOAN RECOVERS FORM.
Continues His Winning Streak at the
Newmarket Meeting.
LONDON. July 12.— At Newmarket to
day Tod Sloan won a selling plate on
Illoglc. Roughstde was second and Merry
Buck third. Six horses ran on the Suf
folk's stakes course (one mile and four
furlongs). The betting was 11 to 10 against
Illoglc. r -
The Duke of Devonshire's Vera won the
July handicap of 600 sovereigns. A. L.
Duncan's London was second and Lord
William Beresford's Chinook, ridden by
Sloan, was third. The betting was 9 to
2 against Chinook.
Sloan finished first on Caiman in the
race for the Zetland plate. . Beam was
second and Damocles third. The betting
was 11 to 4 on Caiman.
A 2-year-old selling plate was won by
Mr. T. Jennlng Jr.'s bay colt Caerleon, by
Junior Carlton-Queen Agnes. Sloan rode
Szanto, but was unplaced. Eighteen
horses ran; distance five furlongs and 142
yards. The betting was 7 to 2 against
Szanto.
The Swaffham welter handicap plate
was won by Doric 11, ridden by Sloan.
Forem was second, with L. Relft in the
saddle, and Dynamo was third. Eight
horses ran. The betting was 6 to 4 against
Doric 11. //:.; ;W; ;;
Wright Defeats Paret.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LaKE, Ont.. July
12.— The feature of the afternoon olay at
tennis was the defeat of J. P. P.iret of
New YorV by Beals Wright, the inter
scholastic champion. Paret had a lead
of 6. to 8 on the first set, but eased up
and afterward was completely outplayed,
Wright winning the first set 8-6 and the
second 6-1. '■':-.,''■-^'-"
PATRONAGE OF
COURSING MEN
EAGERLY SOUGHT
Rumors of a Third
Park Still Rife.
— ♦ —
TO BE BUILT IN SAN MATEO
— —
TWO HIGH CLASS STAKES TO BE
RUN AT UNION PARK.
♦
Eight Dogs Named for the Winners'
Stake, While Forty-Eight Are
Entered in the Reserve
Stake.
— —
Rumor, which fias been particularly
busy with the affairs of coursing men
during the past half year, has new ma
terial upon which to feed. Henry J.
Crocker, F. H. Green and other men in
the directorate of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club, are credited with being mi
i terested in the enterprise. R. E. de B.
I Lopez, who has been closely identified
i with coursing, will supply the technical
knowledge of the game which his asso
ciates lack.
The site of the projected park is just
across the line in San Mateo County. It
is opposite the pumping station of the
Spring Valley Water Works, and Is the
property upon which George Ehman gave
out recently he Intended to build a park.
It consists of eighty acres and Is owned
by John Daly. There Is a rise in the
land to the eastward, but this is not con
sidered a detriment to Inclosed coursing.
Nature has provided the hare with short
front legs, which arc an advantage in go
ing over raised ground.
The draw for this week's coursing at
Union Park was held last night. Two
CREW OF SHAMROCK ROLLING UP HER MAINSAIL.
The Shamrock has a phenomenally big mainsail. It weighs a ton and twenty
six men were required recently to roll it up. It is the largest cutter mainsail that
has ever been bent in England.
stakes are on the card— winners' stake,
for which eight dogs are entered, and a
forty-eight-dog reserve stake. The prizes
total IwO, divided as follows: To the first
dog in the winner stake, $100; runner up
$70. and two at $35 each. In the reserve
stake: To the winner, $100; runner up,
$70; third, $45; three at $35 each, six at $20
and twelve at $10. The draw resulted as
follows:
Winners' stake— Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran
vs. George Whitney's Theron; Handy &
Smith's Twin City Girl vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal; E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. T.
Butler's Susie; Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha
vb. J. Dean's Gladiator.
Reserve stake, 4S entries— Handy & Smith's
Victor vs. Aeneid Kennels' Pretender; Handy
& Smith's Dauntless vs. Hurley «- Riley's
O. K. Capitol; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Rosle
Clair vs. Dally & Sreblln's Shylock Boy; J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman vs. G. J. Panarlo's High
flyer; Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt vs. Aeneid Ken
nels' Maid of Erin; George Ehmen's Handicap
vs. D. J. Healey's Brenada: W. Kramer's Jesse
Moore vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; Tay
lor & Maxwell's Rowdy Boy vs. H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Lad; F. Price's Madge Wild
fire vs. F. Herring's St. Elmo; J. Kerrigan's
Lalla Rookh vs. Pasha Kennels' Fleeting
Fancy: D. J. Healey's O'Hara vs. George
Sharrr.an's Wait a Little; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs. Hurley & Riley's Master Mat:
J. Dennis' The Devil vs. Smith & Draydon's
Mountain Bell: Smith & Draydon's Little Fairy
vs. Pasha Kennels' Road Apent; : Handy &
Smith's Magic vs. J. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche:
R. E. de. B. Lonez' Rochester vs. J. Dennis'
October Woodcock; D. Ford's Bonita vs. A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty: J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure vs. J. Dean's Mialmo; G. J. Panarlo's
Joker va H. Hessler's Bessie B; E. M. Kel
logg's X.4 McCoy vs. J. Keenan's Blocklock;
Ed Everett's Hurricane vs. Ed Wilson's Mag
net; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. J. Dixon's
Black Beis; E. M. Kellogg's Lady GUmore rs.
Taylor & Maxwell's Bounding Bell; Russell.
lien & Wilson's Lady, Emma ys. George Eh
man's Fireman.
CLOSE RACE OF
CLUBS FOR THE
LEAGUE PENNANT
The Leading Teams
Bunched for Honors.
— —
NEWS OF PLAYS AND PLAYERS
— • —
WATSONVILLE IN THE HANDS
OF NEW MANAGERS.
♦
Why "Hatchet" Pace Did Not Dispute
With the Umpire— lnteresting
Gossip Gleaned From the
Diamond.
— ~~
The championship race of the California
Baseball League is developing into quite
a struggle, and it looks certainly hard to
; select the winner. A month ago indica-
I tions pointed to a ding-dong finish be-
I tween the Santa Cruz and Friscos for
' leading honors, but since then the per
! centage of the leaders has taken quite a
tumble and Sacramento and San Jose
have improved their positions consider
ably. It is not expected that either Oak
land or Watsonvllle will make a bid for
the top of the heap, and It seems as if
these two clubs are destined to fight It
out for tail-end honors. Between Sacra
mento, San Francisco and San- Jose con
ditions arc beginning to shape /so that it
will be extremely difficult to select a win
ner. At the present writing Santa Cruz
leads the Friscos by a small fraction of a
game. Frisco leads San Jose by a game
and a halt and San Jose leads Sacramento
by but one. game, so it can be seen from
these figures that each of these clubs
has an equal chance to win out. Follow
ing Is the standing of the clubs:
CLUBS.
s
s
*
a
N
r.
B
0
I
no
x
3
Ch
p
A
4
5
3
3
o
2
6
1
■
■»
3
:■
»
B
5
4
4
g
2
1
§
21
23
IS
17
14
111
l-
i
p.
14
17
16
17
21
24
7
3 I
I !
3
s
»?
? j
_i|
.600 '
.675
.529 !
.GOO
I .40-) i
I .400
Santa Cruz
San Francisco.
San Jose
Sacramento ....
Watsonville ...
Oakland
2
2
4
4
2
11
4
5
|
!
17
-
7
;,
3
I
1
4
10
4
4
17
IS
■•I
Ix>st
!■•
..
....
The Watsonvllle club has passed from
the control of the .-sent owners into the
hands of L. B. Morris of that city. The
new management will make a lively effort
to strengthen their weak spots and tele
grams are being sent all over. the country
to players of good caliber offering them
substantia] inducements to join the Wat
sonviUes. •
Shea has been released by the Oaklands
and Is seeking a position as pitcher.
Kelly, who pitched the game for Wat
sonvllfe last Sunday morning, is the left
handed twlrler of the Santa Clara College
team. He pitched a fair game, although
it would be hard to judge his abilities
from this game, as the team gave him
very poor support.
The Sacramentos expect to have a new
first baseman for this week's series. His
name is O'Connor and he hails from the
Texas League. He Is reputed to be a
good one and a very aggressive player.
Tebeau Is playing Donlin at first In
daily practice. He Is much pleased with
bin work, and he says it is only a ques
tion of a short time when he will be the
permanent guardian of the initial bag for
the St. Louis team.
The new batting order of the Friscos
seems to work beneficially, judging by re
cent results.
The San Jose team has been cutting
quite a "swath" among the leaders. This
is due In a great measure to Andrews'
splendid pitching, and if Borchers will get
in line and pitch up to his standard there
Is no telling where the crack club will
stop.
The game Iberg won last Sunday morn
ing was the first the locals have taken in
which he pitched for a month.
Oakland seems to be prolific of first
basemen, as they have a new guardian
of that bag every game they play. This
has been a peculiarly weak spot of the
Athenians all season.
It was feared that Pace, the hatchet
man of the •"Sandcrabs," might cause
trouble with the umpire In last Saturday's
game, but Pace was a good boy and al
lowed Jeffries to give his decisions with
out any forcible resistance. He prcba-
bly sized the champion up and thought
discretion the better part of valor. Pace
was suspended for thirty days, but the
management and he have patched up
some sort of a truce and he has been re-
Instated. Pace has been a trouble maker
and dlsorganlzer ever since the season
opened.
"Jay" Hughes won every game he
pitched In May and June. Phil Knell is
doing great work for Hartford: He is
pitching in old-time form and winning
games for his team. Loekhead is playing
a wonderful game for Cleveland. "Rab
bit" McHale has been released several
times this season for- weak stick work.
Stockton Fair Trotting Events.
Stockton will offer great inducements to
the harness horse neople this year. Sec
retary Willy announces to horsemen that
the driving club will hang up seven $1000
purses for the fast classes, the entries
for which close August 1. In this list
is included t»-~ 2:40 class trotting, 2:30
class trotting, 2:16 class trotting. 2:30 class
pacing. 2:2. > class pacing. 2:15 class pacing
and the free-for-all pace and trot. Lib
eral purses for other races will be an
nounced later on. -.>
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
Press Club Tournaments.
In t_e trial round of the Press . Club
handicap pool tournament, one tame re
maining unplayed, the results were as fel
lows :
Myrtle (75) beat Van Frank (50) by 75 to 45;
Stover (75) beat Flege (65) by 75 to 58; Hupfeld
COMMANDS A SPLENDID
MILITARY ORGANIZATION
COLONEL WILLIAM P. SULLIVAN JR.
Colonel Sullivan is at the head of the League of the Cross Cadets.
THE one thought in the minds of the members of the League of the
Cross Cadets at the present moment is their annual encampment
which is to commence on Saturday. The various companies in tne
famous organization are planning to outdo each other In the wa: or
entertainment and decoration. For months past the cadets have Been
dreaming of the camp and as joys and hardships, and now that tneir
dreams are to be realized the young soldiers are waiting anxiously to oegiu
1 e Although the young men are happy in the belief that they are going
have a delightful time, yet, they know the trip to Santa Cruz is not alone
for pleasure. Strict military rule will be enforced at the camp: " tru^"°"
In the art of maneuvering will be given them and discipline will be enrorcea
throughout the eight days they are living under canvas. .
Lieutenant Mahoney will to-day escort an advance guard to the city Dy
the sea and under his supervision numberless tents will be pitched ready ior
occupancy on the arrival of the regiment. On Saturday afternoon the regi
ment, preceded by its excellent band, will march down Market street to tne
ferry and take the narrow-gauge train for the place of encampment. Colonel
Sullivan is confident that nearly five hundred men will be in attendance.
, On Sunday last Colonel W. P. Sullivan Jr.. Lieutenant Colonel T.-\
Ryan Major D. G. McGloin. Major D. C. Deasy, Major William H. McCarthy,
Captain J. P. Duffy, Lieutenant Harry Mahoney, Lieutenant J. A. Watts.
Thomas H. Fallon, in honor of whom the camp is named, and M. Abrahams
visited Santa Cruz and laid out the plan of encampment. It was decided to
pitch the tents east of the baseball grounds so that the camp will border on
the beach. This location was chosen as there is a fine drill ground close by.
Military mass will be celebrated on both Sundays during the encampment
by Father O'Rvan. The services will be held In the Dolphin bathhouse.
Bishop Montgomery, who is beloved by the regiment, has been Invited to
become an honored guest of the camp.
The social features of Camp Falion will afford much enjoyment to the
cadets and the residents of Santa Cruz. On the night of the arrival of the
young soldiers the regimental band will give a concert. Monday evening will
be devoted to dancing and Tuesday night to a concert on the beach. On
Wednesday night the members of the Young Ladles' Institute will tender the
regiment a reception in the armory of the Naval Reserve. A dance will be
held on Thursday night and on Friday night the cadets will give a minstrel
show for the benefit of Father McNamee's new school. A baseball game has
been arranged for the next day between a nine from the regiment and a pro
fessional team composed of Santa Cruz players.
Colonel William P. Sullivan, who commands the regiment, is very popular
with the boys. He has been at their head for many years. He is a thor
ough soldier, having obtained his military education in the National Guard
and at school. He Is secretary to Mayor Phelan and as such has rendered the
city's chief executive valuable assistance during the past three years.
(6o) beat Burns (45) by 60 to 40; Henderson (65)
beat Murphy (50) by 65 to 46; Batchelder (40)
beat l/lrleh (75) by 40 to 63; Dobson (55) beat
Gutterson (60) by 55 to 22: Carpenter (60) beat
FoUga (55) by 60 to 47: Tilton (55) beat Harrison
(45) by 55 to 2S; Kaufman (50) beat King (40)
by 50 to 38; Hodgen (45) beat Booth (50) by 45
to 41.
ln the first round of the billiard tournament,
one game yet to ba played, Mrytle (125) beat
Fiege (95) by 125 to 67: Kaufman (115) beat Til
ton (95) by 115 to 63; Cowles (10.1 beat Fousa
(90) by 100 to 53; Henley (75) bei I Burke (65)
by 75 to 50; Ulrich (110) beat Harrison (85) by
110 to 71; Stover (110) beat Fitch (110) by 110
to 76.
JEFFORDS MATCHED
TO BOX 808 JONES
Failing to Get a Match With the
Champion He Takes Much
Easier Game.
Jim Jeffords, the boxer, failing to se
cure a match with Champion Jeffries, has
accepted the first match offered him. He
will meet Bob Jones, a burly negro, who
Is a piano mover by occupation. They
will appear preliminary to the bout be
tween George Green and Charley Goff. un
der the auspices of the National Athletic
Club next Thursday night.
Frank McConnell will be prepared by
Tim McGrath for his forthcoming meet
ing with Al Neill on August 2. McConnell
has established himself In training quar
ters at Haight and Stanyan streets. His
outdoor work will be done in Golden Gate
Park. McGrath is one of the most suc
cessful handlers of boxers, always send
CURES ALL WEAKNESS.
#% Electricity Restores Health
Men Because it
t Electricity Restores Health
and Power to Weak
Men Because it
■ WARMS THE BLOOD,
-.fiML^.^' STOPS THE WASTE,
-g^^^g^ GIVES . SNAP AND VIM.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Is a magnificent remedy for weak men. Its touch is the touch of magnetism.
It fills the nerves with snap, It charges the body with a grand force of vital-
izing energy and turns back the hand of time for men who have begun to feel
old, broken down and feeble. It Is a grand remedy for all weakness In men.
Read Dr. McLaughlin's Book, Free,
If you have drugged and failed to get relief you should try this famous
Belt. It supplies new life, and that is what you want. CALL OR SEND FOR
MY BOOK ABOUT IT, CLOSELY SEALED, FREE. .
Dr. M, A. McLaughlin, .mffifg£;s_s_i *•»*
Office Hours— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRTJG3TORE3.
ing his men into the ring fit to fight for
their lives.
Gus Ruhlin. who lost recently to Joe
Kennedy, has gone to Denver for a match.
The embargo has been raised on boxing
there and the men who live by their
gloves anticipate lively times.
McGovern and Palmer Matched.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Terry McGovern
of Brooklyn and "Peddler" Palmer of
London were matched to-day to meet in a
twenty-five-round boxing match at the
Westchester Athletic Club the afternoon
of September 1. The men are to enter th
ring at 4 p. m. » Th?v will fight for a purso
of $10,000, and each man will also receive
15 per cent of the roceints of the pictures
taken of the battle. The battle will be for
the 116-pound championship of the world.
New Pitcher for Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July Manager Tot-
I tie has engaged Haynes, a pitcher in the
Utah League, for the local baseball team.
i Havnes starts* at once for this city. The
.franchise and property of the Watsonvllle
baseball team has been transferred to L.
B. Morris.
Perch in Feather River.
MARYSVILLE, July 12.— Local lovers
of things piscatorial are finding renewed
amusement along the Feather River troll
ing for the yellow perch, a variety of fish
that was placed In the stream by the
State Fish Commissioners three years
ago. The perch are game and choice
eating.SUPERVISORS
TOSS THE BUCK
TO THE MOB
He Must Find Funds
for Firemen.
TEMPORARY RELIEF GRANTED
— • —
CASH SET ASIDE FOR ONLY ONE
MONTH'S EXPENSES.
— — «
The Board Adopts a Resolution Al
lowing' Comraissioners 59100, but
Postpones Further Action Until
Phelan's Return.
The woes of the Fire Department are
quieted for a month; the Supervisors
have shifted Their load of worry Over the
"dollar limit"; downtown merchants and
out of town improvement clubs may
cease their clamor against the threatened
abbreviation of their fire protection— and
the buck has been duly passed to Mayor
Phelan. I
The Board of Supervisors has granted
thirty days' relief to the Fire Department
ln the shape of $9100 out of the urgent
necessity fund, and it will devolve upon
the superior wisdom of the Mayor In
things municipal to devise ways and
means to keep the engines steaming and
salaries paid after the month is up.
Notwithstanding this action by the
board, petitions and protests from mer
chants and residents of the different dis- |
tricts from which the Commissioners I
have threatened to remove tire engines I
continue to pour in to Clerk Russell's of- I
fice. They arc. however, not of the char- I
acter that it was calculated the Commis- I
sioners' bluff would bring forth. They
one and all object to any of the tire com
panies being disbanded, but for the most
part they also state that in the belief of
the signers there would be no necessity to
lessen fire protection if the business of
that department were properly adminis
tered.
The Finance Committee of the board
was not to have given further considera- |
tion to the matter until 2 o'clock yester
day afternoon, but when the members !
gathered yesterday morning to continue
with their equalizing of Assessor Dodge's j
assessments they found time to take it j
up and settle it out of hand. The com-.
mittee came to an agreement shortly be
fore the board met. and then offered a
resolution which provided that the sum I
of $0100 should be transferred from the
urgent necessity to the Are fund to pro
vide for the general expenses of the de- ]
partment for the month of July. Chair
man Perrault moved the adoption of the j
resolution, and when It came to a vote j
there was no voice in dissent.
The Fire Commissioners bad billed their ;
meeting for 10 in the morning, but upon
the suggestion of Supervisor Perrault, j
made on Tuesday evening, had postponed
It to 2 o'clock this afternoon. They were j
at once informed of the board's sudden
action, but after some discussion decided
that they would make no change in the
plan as it stood.
The resolution adopted by the board
upon Perrault's motion was as follows:
Resolved, That the board hereby
adds to the estimates made by reso
lution No. 3148 (fourth series) the sum
of $9100 for the purpose of paying the
necessary expenses if the several fire
companies now organized for the
month of July, IK??.
Resolved, That further action will
be taken on his Honor the Mayor's
return to corn the said estimate, so
that suitable provision be made for
the maintenance of said department.
Resolved, That the attention of the
Auditor and Treasurer be and hereby
is called to the provisions of this reso
lution.
CHARGED WITH FRAUD. i
Ernest Lang Is Made Defendant in ;
Two Lawsuits.
Ernest Lang of 2821% Mission street was
made defendant in two suits filed in the !
Superior Court yesterday, one for $3000 j
damages for malicious prosecution, the I
other to recover possession of property !
valued at $0000, the deed to which is al
leged to have been procured by the de- j
fendant through fraud and duress.
The damage suit prew out of that in
stituted for the recovery of the property.
From the complaint it appears that P. C.
Trusseau ar.d his wife, Catherine, who
is Lang's mother, resided at 2S2lt£ Mission
street up to May last. Mrs. TruSß.au died
on May 22, and in her will Robert King
-was named as executor. During the course
of administration upon the estate King
discovered that the family resilience at
the address given had been deeded to
Lang. On investigation, M c executor al
leges, he found that Lang went to the
house of his mother accompanied by a
woman named Mrs. Ingelhart and abused
Mr. Trusseau roundly, and then forced
Mrs. Trusseau to deed her property to'
him. It is also asserted that Lang was
supported by Notary Public A. K. Dag
gett, who is made a party defendant in
the suit brought to declare the deed null
and void.
After this trouble Trusseau retained At
torney N. B. Melville to prosecute the
suit for the recovery of the property, and
fine day while the attorney and client
were in consultation Lang caused the ar
rest of Melville on a charge of disturbing
the peace. Melville was promptly acquit
ted by acting Police Judge Groezinger,
and with the suit to set aside the deed in
question filed another against Lang ask
ing for damages in the sum of $3000 for
malicious prosecution. Melville claims
that through his arrest his character and
business have suffered in the sum sued
' or - __ ~_~
Receiver Removed.
Acting United States Circuit Judge
Beatty of Idaho yesterday removed C. K.
King as receiver of the California and
Nevada Railroad Company and .substi
tuted A. A. Grant. Mr. Grant Is a bond
holder of the road and will serve without
compensation.
GRAPE-NTTTS.
@— ©- ■ ©— ©— © — ©— ©— © — ©— ©— ©
I ..You.. J
J Can Obtain I
©
• Certain Body-Building £
• Results by Using I
© *
• GRAPE = NUTsf
l ..FOOD.. J
? t
©-©-©-© — © — © — ©-©-©-©—©
QUESTIONING A FRIEND.
If one takes the trouble to carefully
question a person that has been using
Grape-Nuts food for two or three
weeks the facts will be brought out
that gradually there comes over the
body a feeling of Increased strength,
particularly of mental strength and
ability.
The mind works clearer and more ac-
tively when It plays upon a brain that
Is refreshed, rebuilt and properly con-
structed by the food elements intended
by Nature for such work.
This is a profound fact regarding
Grape-Nuts. The food contains Just the
kind of material Nature must have to
unite with albumen, from which to re-
build the gray matter in the brain and
nerve centers throughout the body.
Therefore the user can expect and ob-
tain a definite result from the regular
use of Grape-Nuts. Price 15 cents per
package.
YEE YEM FORGOTTEN
TEN MONTHS IN JAIL
YUNG YEE YEM has been supported for the last ten months in the
County Jail at the' expense of the Government, and nobody except
the Sheriff and the man at the sub-treasury who pays the bills .or
Uncle Sam seemed to be aware of Yem's existence.
Yem could not have been more completely buried and forgotten In
tho old French bastile for that length of time than he was in the San Fran
cisco Jail. He could have been taken out at any time and his case could
have been disposed of in fifteen minutes, as it was yesterday, if the business
of the Government had been transacted in the Appraiser's building as sys
tematically as private business is conducted in a mercantile establishment.
The District Attorney's office, which was supposed to attend to his prose
cution did not discover Yem's existence until a day or two ago. The United
States' Marshal's office, which is supposed to know Its prisoners, received a
letter from Yem announcing his fatigue and requesting an examination. The
Marshal's deputies say that they notified the District Attorney's office of the
plaint of Yem. ».__., _, . _
United States Attorney Coombs has been Installed but recently, ana he
had no means of knowing that Yem was neglected or that there was such a
person as Yem. He proposes, in order to prevent a repetition of the blunder,
to require the Sheriff to file each month with his demands against the United
States treasury for the keeping of prisoners a complete list of all United States
prisoners in his charge, with the date of the admission of each into tho
County Jail. . _ _ .
Yem ten months ago was discharged from San Quentin, having served a
term of one year and ten months for larceny committed in Los Angeles. He
was placed in the constructive custody of the United States Marshal to be
examined for deportation, because he was without a certificate of registra
-1 Yesterday Yem was taken before United States Commissioner Heacock
and the original certificate was found in the revenue office. He will be dis
charged to-day.
SHE WANTED
TO SCARE KOPP,
THAT WAS ALL
Accused Wife Tells a
Pitiful Tale.
— —
There were tears and sobs in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday morning. The usual
Police Court audience, hardened to the
tale of misdoing and suffering, listened
i with wet eyes and labored breathing when
i Mrs. Kopp told of her life with the
'■ husband she murdered. Mrs. Bertha Mon
! ti, the woman at the bottom of all the
i trouble, was an interested spectator. Trim
! and 'neat in her widow's weeds, she heard
! the accused woman tell how she had
i wrecked her heme and taken from her In
| her hour of suffering the husband who
! should have been her support and com
! fort.
Mrs. Kopp spoke In strained whispers.
I The Judge, her counsel, the prosecuting
■ attorney and court *• stenographer were
! obliged to gather close to her to catch
: her trembling words. When, however, she
! told how she had gone to Mrs. Monti and
on bended knees had begged her to give
! her her husband back the intensity of her
emotion lent volume and strength to the
weakened tones. Her pitiful cry of Give
me back my husband. I have not long to
live. Let him stay by me to comfort
me." was heard all over the courtroom,
; and if there were any dry eyes when she
fell back exhausted ln her chair they were
the shining, pitiless eyes of Mrs. Monti.
The examination of Mrs. Kopp conclud
ed the preliminary examination. Judge
Ferral led the defendant to the witness
stand. Owing to the weakened condition
of the woman it was decided to have the
examination concluded as quickly as pos
sible. No promptings were necessary to
make Mrs. Kopp tell of her troubles and
the killing of her husband. She told her
story in a straightforward, honest man
ner, striving neither to conceal anything
nor shield herself. Now and then sobs
choked her utterance, and again the hack
ing cough made speech impossible.
Mrs. Kopp's recital bore out in detail the
same tales of cruelty and abuse brought
forward by the other witnesses during the
trial. The only points that she threw any
light upon were the purchase of the pistol
and the actual killing. '.'- : ~'7.
"I went to Mrs. Monti, said the ac
cused woman, "and begged her on my
knees to give my husband back to me.
'I have not many months to live,' I told
her; 'let me have him these last few
days to love and to comfort me.'
"Mrs. Monti denied that my husband
either came to see her or cared for her.
After I pleaded with the woman I went
to Kopp. He mocked me, beat me and
caught me by the throat and choked me.
'I will go with Mrs. Monti as much as I
like,' he said, 'and don't think you can
boss me.' - .
"My husband," went on the unhappy
woman, "grew to be so cruel and threat
ening that I felt I needed protection. I
had a bolt put on my door so I could
lock myself in when I was in the house
alone with him, and I bought a pistol,
thinking I would show it to him and scare
him. 1 had it for two weeks, hid away
in the closet and not loaded. Then he
began to choke me and threaten violence
and I loaded the pistol.
"On the day I met him in the restau
rant with Mrs. Monti, when he came
home he was abusive in the extreme. He
had caught our little child by the throat.
He demanded of me a card a lady had
left, and while I went to get It I heard
him go to the knifebox in the kitchen.
He was cursing. I was afraid and put
mv pistol in my pocket. When I went
toward him he made an attempt to grab
me. I drew my pistol from ray pocket.
I must have fired. He fell, and I knelt
down beside his form.''
Judge Conlan decided he would like to
1 hear argument in the case, although
I Judge Ferral, attorney for the accused
; woman, was willing to at once submit it
jto his Honor. Accordingly it was ar
i ranged that Judge Low. for the people,
i and Judge .Ferral. for Mrs. Kopp argue
, the case Friday morning at 11. In the
meantime Judge Conlan will read over
the testimony and may be ready to ren
der his decision on Friday morning.
ECHOES OF THE FOURTH.
Committee Is Obliged to Scale Down j
Some of the Bills.
The Fourth of July committee 13 con
fronted with a problem which It may And
difficult to solve to the satisfaction of all
concerned. It appears that the auditing
committee audited a number of bills, but j
i omitted two important items in its cal- !
! culations which created a deficiency and j
will necessitate the scaling down of ,
claims which yet remain to be paid. The j
two items are $134 for Cassasa's band
and $27 50 for the San Francisco Drum j
Among those who will have to be satis
fled with less money than they antici- |
pated receiving is Miss Rose Vldaver, as- i
! slstant secretary, who put In a claim for ;
$150 for services. This will be cut down j
to $100, and considering that the lady Is I
employed in the office of City and County j
Attorney Lane at a salary of $(5 a month <
is considered by the committee as suffi
cient remuneration for her work. Miss
Hopkins, the stenographer, who expected
to receive $75 for three weeks' typewrit
ing will have to content herself with $50.
Chairman George Fletcher and Treas
urer James Devlin will sign the checks
this morning and will make reductions in
other claims in order to make up the
$26150 omitted in the original list of au
dited accounts. ■ • ■
There Is one claim that"will not be al
lowed and that Is the one calling for $20
for lunches served to Miss Vldaver. At
the request of one of the members of
the committee. John Fay of the Grand
■Hotel bar provided eatables for Miss Vld
aver but the bill will not be paid out of
the finances allowed for the celebration.
The bill of $8 for damages to a buggy
driven by Secretary Robert Dennis will
be settled by the committee.
All bills will be paid this morning at I
320 Sansome street between 9 and 11 :
o'clock. ■ . •
■ _> ■
Captain Handley Reinstated.
Captain C. J. Handley, formerly fore
man of the laborers on the upper floor of
the Appraisers' building, was reinstated
yesterday by request of the Secretary of
the Treasury. Captain Handley was dis
missed a few months ago 'on the recom
mendation of Special Treasury Agents
Smith and Uncfc. on the ground of econ
omy and the representation that Captain
Hun-ley's services were not needed.
Collector Jackson and Appraiser Dare
asked to have Captain Handley rein
stated, and their request has been com
plied with. He is a war veteran.
THE HAiS FRANCISCO CALL, THTJBSDAT, JULY 18, 1899.
___JVERTISE___ENTS.
o**&***W****W**93B**\ W**mWßß****WM IBM
" DR. MEYERS & CO.
Cure all diseases and weakness
of men. Established IS years.
No pay till cured. Consultation
Free; also, advice and private
book for men, sealed by mall.
Home cures a specialty.
731 MARKET STREET, S. F.
Elevator Entrance.
I l'"|'| i -iil—miu— ,— — w«p__—^—-* _— _— — B_B_a___S_B-
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature las
last been added.
" ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
Centers.
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire 111-str-ted. "
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
• THE ORIGINAL; ALU OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Issoldnnder positive "Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness. Wakefulness, Fits. Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losees, Evil Dreams. Lack of Confi-
d ence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At 6tore or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $5; with written cuarantco'to
cure or refund, money, ©ample pack-
age, containing five daye r treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One cample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. _■■.
-f!-^si\S__rnci Label Special £*&&&!{
S"'''~_ss_l Extra Strength. |js|^Li
l^'Rf For Impotency, Loss ° r ¥?» ¥
j&fo-ftkP Power, Lost Manhood, -Jfsy
• *JPt__sl Hterility or Barrenness.^ jL^^T
■^Se^WaSl a box; six for $5, with»j£*_S|«r
(gg^SiTflf^writtei- aruarantpeSfa^-aIV.
_^__-_S__ to cure in 30 days. At -toreW'JSL.?
(BEFORE: ox- by mail. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agts.,
114 Kearny St.. San Francisco. * ■
__l ™__j_s_________ti IS fir^ rl
81 1 b m&a __9 hI __■_____!
__JL f"! *'"-^ bJljiJI
________________________-______Sb--__i»_s-_I
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
oft? PALACE '"Pi
%GRAND
!l SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Room?— 9pO tri h Both Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O MOTS THE PBIC_3:~ O
O European Plan. $ 1 .00 per day and upward t)
z^ American Plan. $3.00 per day an- upward rt
-» Correspondence Solicited. *>
O JOHN C. KIR-PATRICK. _Un*g»r. O
00000000000000 oop o
MAKE PERFECT MEN
>**_• DO SOT DESPAIR ! Dcr.otSuf-
rfgSgS£i\ for Longer! The joys and ambitions of
»Saaß*<_sgjß life can be restored to you. The very
_KJ Iw_ worst cases of .\«t»oiii Debility are
"Vrtfiß absolutely DESPAIR ! Ho not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervous Debility are
absolutely cured by PKKFKC'TO
-V_, _*lJmP_ TABLETS. Qi»e prompt relief to In-
"*sL "^BgWsomni-, falling memory and tbe waste
$S£&^&&9£r •nd drain of vital powers, incurred by
»laP*S™? indiscretions or excesses of eariy years.
•^^SS*^ Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Hive / _sfQv bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^■<r7\youn(rorold.
One box renews Tital energy. pifJC boxes at
f a.SOacomplete guaranteed cure X_s__7 or money ro-
unded. Can be carried in vest „*■?: pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrlce by Til- F-RF-t'TO CO., Carton lildg., Cbleago, U_
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
i W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug; Co., In
l Oakland by Owl Drug Co. |
SIX FIGURES
TO PAY FOR A
LOVER'S LOSS
Elizabeth Gladstone
Was Forsaken.
Elizabeth' Gladstone of 138 Francisco
street, this city, has been forsaken by her
lover— ln fact, he has married another—
and hence she asks judgment against him
for the sum of half a million dollars, In
the complaint Mrs. Gladstone sets forth
that she was soon to have become the
wife of Joseph Boardman. Once at 725
Eighth street, Oakland, she says, he pro
posed marriage to her. She gave him no
answer at that time, but he was persist
ent, and again at 138 Francisco street he
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, iates,
manner of reaching them, etc When writing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR. ;
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- ;
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. ™1„
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. IS; via Callstoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R. to Oallstoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIG.
Highland Springs, Lake County. Cab, or see
L. D, CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster Ms., Oakland.
AHKENS, PELS' & BULLWINKEL,
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
jj§rj Lick's 1
Ipqi W -UIWiV _5 5
Hf?SJ?[ White I
Sl;Sfeil Dome |
Its plainly SEEK FROM the SCN I
1,-*- parlor of HOTEL YENDOME, as the B
|rot*t looks toward Mount Hamilton oyer I
line broad" expanse of talley and foothills I
I coTered with • fruit. Cowers and Bowing ■
I grain, VENDOSIE it the pleasare-Meken' I
1 come. Hard you seen, Lick} . I
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Jose. Cal. I
mfafS'*' I " """i i ii i mm n illin n g
SKIES' HOT SPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4% HOURS
from San Francisco and but 0 miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating:
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $3 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULOREW, Prop.
...jETNa SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over,
Till /Etna did their hopes fullfll.
And there they lived in clover.
Apply W L. MITCHELL. Manager. Aetna
Springs Napa County, or J. H. SIMPSON. Odd
Fellows' bldg., S. F. ; telephone Mint 1535.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
(jregg J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL L AM-
ple accommodations In Hotel; also in new
cottages, Just completed.
WIRS. /-. T. moORE.
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; row open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin. County, Cal.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, IS to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE F'MR/Vl.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND Rus-
sian River, 2V4 miles from Guernevllle.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms, $7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON. Querne\-llle, Cal. .
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, Cal.) ft;
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a first-class dimmer and winter
resort. For particulars apply to the manager.
Round trip only $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT; ELECTRIC CARS
to beach. MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cruz, Cat.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING, HUNTING. BATHING;
VS fresh milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms, $7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale,
Cal. Free carriage.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT SgS_SS
Ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; train
to Martiriez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market. ,
met her and again asked her to become
his bride. Finally, on June 6of this year,
she accepted his proposal and they were
to have been married. Subsequently,
however, he wooed and won a Miss Walker
i and they were married, "much to the
; cruel humiliation of herself and family."
i Although it is understood that Board
-1 man Is not ranked among the millionaires
i of the city Mrs. Gladstone demands judg
; ment against him for $500. damages and
' for costs of suit. She believes that she
: is entitled to judgment in this sum, she
alleges, not only through the loss of a
' husband's care but the property and sup
port she would have enjoyed in addition
ito the care. The advent of Miss Walker
I upon the scene and the fickleness of
I Boardman have deprived her of all these
j things, she holds, and hence applies to
the courts for a remedy.
DRAGGED BY THE NECK.
Drunken Freak of a Contra Costa Man
Seeking Revenge.
John Watson of Contra Costa County
! had a very great dislike for one of his
I neighbors, a man named Hanlon. One
i day Watson got full, or partly filled, with
j bad liquor, and, meeting Hanlon's young
! er brother, a lad 15 years old, set about
; to have revenge upon the older Hanlon
Iby abusing the relative. Watson tied his
horse's tail around the neck of young
| Hanlon and set off at great speed, drag
I Paso Robles
!| (Pass o? the Oaks). \
|| The curative mineral and ; j
j[ mud baths of Paso Robles )
'' have gained a world-wide (
i| reputation. \
[i Hotel Paso Robles is one )
'[ of the- handsomest on the )
[i coast. (
'I Every modern conveni- . >
]• ence. Pullman car to )
( ! the door. )
![ Write for book that tells j
j! about the mud baths and ]i
!j what they cure. Write \
jl for rates. i]
]> Otto E. Never, Prop., City Office, ij
/ Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st. ',
Region
• With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG, t
UPPER SODA SPRINGS, SHASTA SPRINGS,
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTT AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office, 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
■kSMB lAA HOT SPRINGS. — This
11 ft IJ fit I\~ 1 1 beautiful summer and
S 15 15MI %0 W owned and managed by
ll IaGB I W «# owned and managed by
DR. J PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, Is situated
ISO miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Ranpe Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St.. S. F.
YRON HOT SPRINGS
Contra Costa County, Cal.
These Hot Mineral Paths are the
only known cure for Rheumatism.
Take the 9 a.m. or 5:30 p.m. trains,
foot of Market street.
LOmBfIRDA CO.. /.gents,
Room- 3". ' 221. Geary St., S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds carpets etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and Ash-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts.. S.
Fiat 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
rov for the Springs. '
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
HI SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH, MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place ln the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. C. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bummer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
lng. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. ln the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because it Is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
LAUREL PEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out . . H. WAMBOLD.
THE HOYA RETREAT _SS!_S_iS
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEABODT, Gllroy,
Cal. :
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
ON N. P. C. R. R., THE PLACE TO GO
for summer; board or camp cottages; Sun-
day excursions, $1. For circulars address H.
G." MARTIN, Camp Taylor, Cal.
ging his victim behind. The eventful i
journey was about a quarter of a mile j
in extent, and Watson made things in- :
teresting for his captive by discharging
a revolver in the air and threatening to I
fire a few bullets Into the body of the i
rapidly moving youth who brought up j
the end of the procession.
Watson was arrested and found guilty I
of an assault with intent to commit mur-
I der. The sentence was two years in the i
State prison, but he appealed the case
I to the Supreme Court. The Judge of the
I lower court In his. instructions to the |
jury mentioned several of the degrees of :
! an assault covering such a case, but he j
! neglected to mention all. According to '
| the higher court he was in error, the j
! Justices holding "this construction ,of j
these instructions is doubly emphasized <
when we find the court telling the Jury
that the verdict must be in one of the
following forms; and upon examining
those forms we find no form of verdict ,'
authorized under the section of .the Penal
Code already quoted." The cause was
remanded for a new trial. -~
SLOT MACHINES MUST GO.
Judge Treadwell Says They Should
Not Be Tolerated in Any Civil
ized Community.
A long decision was rendered yesterday
by Judge Treadwell in the case of Charles
Webber, charged with conducting a bank
ing or percentage game in the shape of a
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents. 621 Market St., San Fran-
cisco. ,'i ;'■■-' ; ? ______
•*-o-*o-o-c-#-o'-*-o---o -♦- o-»-o+o ♦o-«-o-*o-»-
T ♦
♦ Take advantage ♦
_. Of the Round-Trip 0
4- Tickets to ♦
O O
I Hotel del Coronado. ?
o o
♦ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel ; ♦
° if longer, $2.50 a day. ?
7 Apply 4 New Montgomery si, °
O San Francisco. 9
♦ t
■♦-o-«-o-«-o-»- o+o+o -♦• o-a-o-*-c-*-o-*-o-*-o-«-
T_b Plao« for An riTj A DTV n thß rOOT -
RESTand ORCHARD*™ ft*.
HEALTH SPRINGS »."."-
KJ *' ml,uw _tC. P.R.R.
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad.
186 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chiotgo Park, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, fe^ e nty.
Up in th; mountains near the lakes,
and In the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Uklah.
ROUND TRIP $0.50
J. Martens, prop.; city office, 416 Pine st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
I_OS GATOS.
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING: HAND-
some furniture; 50 outside rooms; every
modern convenience: electric bells and lighting;
perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
sample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing; artificial lake for boating and swim- !
ming; long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets {2 50; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood,
Cal. .
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs: baths:
furnished cottages. Terms, $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL, Hopland. Cal. '
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished 6-room cottages; good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting; finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel, 1021V4 Market st., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
SAMUF.L SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS, PROP., NAPA COUNTY,
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County, 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
Is bottled at the springs and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick. Siskiyou County, Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT £?*_ §-_-;
and Pine Forests, Napa County foothills: love-
ly I and healthful spot. Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties of fruit. Terms, $7 per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa P. O. . .
nickel-in-the-slot machine in hie saloon,
32 Second street. The decision affects
sixteen others who were arrested at the
same time, about six months ago. x
The machine was one that disgorged
checks payable by drinks or cigars at the
bar The Judge said that he was not only
of the opinion but firmly convinced that
no living mortal had a chance to win at
such a game against the owner of the ma
chine and that such machines and similar
gambling devices should not be tolerated
in any civilized community. After a care
ful investigation of the machine he found
that it had connecting wires run by elec
tricity which prevented ; the winning of
any high numbers, and it was lucky if
the player got out of the game without
losing his head.
In other States of the Union the mere
possession of these machines was made a
felony by the statutes, punishable by im
prisonment in the State prison for a term
of years, because it was not only obtain
ing money by a -fraudulent gaming device
but it was also obtaining money by means
of trick and false pretenses. For these
reasons the defendant was found guilty
and was ordered to appear for sentence
this morning.
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday Call, *
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in . ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK. BOS-
ton or Intermediate points, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH, NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic line
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER; NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge. MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER. BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the Interesting and beautiful nights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash is
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
dacks. White Mountains and New- England sea-
side resorts, because It is the coolest, time the
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for illus-
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and
Sea" R. C. CLINE,
Pac. Coast Pass. Ag_ Wabash R. R..
Los Angeles, Cal. '
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, 53 75. Stage
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln st.
_=»I_./-INTr£-TT_OIM HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma County,
cr apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front .«.. S. F., for
particulars.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $(' to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return for $25 cash, by Yosemlte and Ray-
mond Carriage Line, Limited. Address A. B.
VAN CAMPEN. Raymond. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings;, new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor.
HOTEL. BENVEINUE
AND COTTAGES, LAKEPORT, CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion. 80x
40; fronts lake 200 ft.; fine bowling alley and
shuffleboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; children's playground; good tahle; no Chi-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES HOVEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one c<t the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 EO. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah.: thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Beßtha. Lake
County. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
SONOMA VALLEY. TWO HOirRS FROM
S. F.. via Tiburon ferry. W:_rm mineral
swimming and tub baths. Water, gas, electric
bells. Rates $10 to $12 per week. $2 per day.
Address Aqua .Callente Springs, Agaia Callente,
Sonoma County, Cal.
/MQfCDin Most beautiful srxrt In Lake
wAflL.Dnll County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures vrnen all else
failed, especially ln stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior acc< immolations.
$10 per week. Fine . roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad, Lake County.
MONTE VISTA,
IN THE SIERRA NEVADA MOUNTAINS.
Now open. Come to the country for the sum-
mer. Low rates. Send for or call at Tha
Traveler office for illustrated circulars. THOS.
E. MORGAN, Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat, Placer County. Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Rescrts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. '
\7_~_C - 'rVII r _ T a — San Francisco to Chi-
ll VfOa-IT-I 1 -_•• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemlte Valley. Round trip $32. Slngla
fare, in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on ft
fruit farm 2 miles from Callstoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms; $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. B. SMITH. Callstoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANS9ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or «
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa. ':
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma County, Cal.
FURNISHED rooms, with or without board.
MRS. L. 8.. Sausallto. Cal.
1 ——
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting lh_
country, seaside or spring, during- the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam?
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents ......per Week
65 Cents pel* Month
I POSTAGE PREPAID
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Good demand for Hay.
Beans active and Una.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Vegetables better cleaned up.
Butter steady and Eggs very firm.
Poultry quiet.
Good shipping demand for Fruit.
More Watermelons ln from Fresno.
Large sales of new dried Figs.
Provisions beginning to boom.
Meat market unchanged-
Decreased exports of specie.
Increased receipts of Wine.
CROP BULLETIN.
A. G. McAdle, section director United States
Weather Bureau, for the California Crop Bulle
tin, week ended July 10, Issues the following:
Normal temperatures have prevailed through
out the State during the week, and no precipi
tation was reported. Grain harvesting contin
ues, and threshing has commenced in some sec
tions. The yield of wheat in the northern and
central portions Is very - heavy, and the quality
generally good. Barley is proving better in
some localities than had been anticipated, but
the yield and quality are not quite up to the
average. Deciduous fruits are ripening rapidly,
and are being shipped and dried. Peaches are
the chief crop, and the yield is enormous; other
fruits with the exception of apricots and
prunes, are yielding fairly well. The red spider
has appeared ln some orchards, the thrips have
attacked vineyards, but no material damage
has been reported. Watermelons are in market.
At present the outlook is good for corn, sugar
beets, beans, potatoes and all vegetables, The
second crop of hay Is being harvested. Pas
turage continues good In most sections. In por
tions of the extreme south, artesian wells have
ceased flowing, and the water supply Is low.
THE COUNTRY'S COINAGE.
The coinage of the United States for the cur
rent fiscal year to date Is aa follows:
Double eagles *JS'?„S'.SS
Eagles &«?'??«
Half eagles 19 ' 4^'^
Quarter eagles -_ -?_'-^_
Silver dollars I ! , „?i'i£?
Half dollars H,-,-
Quarter dollars S'lSi'iS
Dimes _,o4_,viU
Five ?^:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::JS
Cents 379,922
Total $186,855,666
In ISS7-9S " 82.609,933
in 1596-97 :::::::::::::: 96,958.401
DRY GOODS TRADE.
The value of the foreign dry goods entered
at New York, which receives two-thirds of
the total Imports, for the month of June was
$5,587,800, which Is 1570.000 in excess of the same
month last year. The movement at New York
for the six months ending June 30 compares as
follows: .'-;."_
Imported. Marketed.
3S9T $78,294,000 882.608.700
1898 48,725.700 46,468,600
1599 _ 52.431.600 61,906,900
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
According to a Treasury statement the money
ln circulation in the United States on July 1
was as follows:
Gold coin _ $702,060,459
Silver dollars 63.351.ial
Small silver 70.675.652
Gold certificates 8-.606.-b9
Silver certificates ". 401.569.343
Treasury notes 92,605.792
United States rotes 310.547,349
Currency certificates 20,855,000
National bank notes 237.532.594
Total $1,932,454,239
In 1897 1,843.435.749
Increase 89,048.490
Compared with the report for June 1 there
was a decrease In the circulation in June of
$23,016,770, of which $22.221. was in gold coin.
Fully that amount of gold was exported from
the United States in June.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port [
during the first six months of the year were
as follows, compared with the same time In
1S98: Of Wine, 9,125,200 gallons, against 8,769,
--650; of Brandy, 105,350 gallons, against 130,890.
1
•EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from this port during the
first six months of the year were $11,843,840,
against $23,417,922 for the name time in 1898,
the leading descriptions being as follows: Sil
ver bullion, $L,781,250; Mexican dollars. J351.840;
silver coin. $162,464; gold coin. $9,361,848. China
took 82.177,590. Japan J2OO. Honolulu $1,253,870
and New York $8,357,170.
WEATHER REPORT.
O_oth Meridian— Pacific Time,)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 12. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60: Red Bluff, 94; Sacramento. 82;
Fresno, 94; San Luis Obispo, 70; Independence,
90; Los Angeles, SO; San Diego, 68; Yuma, 106.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 60; mean, 56. -'
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific slope. The usual sum
mer low overlies Arizona and Southern Utah.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the entire coast. In the great val
leys temperatures are about normal.
In the vicinity of San Francisco there Is a
vertical thermal gradient of one degree rise
.or each 160 feet. At an elevation of 3300
above sea level the temperature was 19 degrees
higher than at sea' level.
A maximum wind velocity of 82 miles Per hour
from the southwest is reported at Pocatello.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 80 hours
ending midnight July 13. 1899: '
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
fog along the coast in the forenoon; light
northerly winds; westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
fog along the coast; northerly winds In the
Interior: westerly winds on the coast.
— Cloudy Thursday; cooler ln northern
portion.
— Cloudy Thursday, with light showers
In the mountains; cooler.
Arizona— Thursday, with showers in
the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy In the
forenoon, with fog; fair during the day; fresh
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 12.— stock market
showed continued strength and buying by pro
fessional operators was on a large scale. There
was a good demand from outsiders through
commission houses at the opening, encouraged
by the rise In prices yesterday and yesterday's
professional buyers were "free sellers to realize
while this lasted. The market then came to
the customary halt after such a p.ocess before
taking up an advance. An eager demand de
veloped for Missouri Pacific and affected nearly
all the Gould Southwestern group ln sympathy.
Not the stocks alone, but the securities of
this group of railroads were affected. Missouri
Pacific held the leadership of the market
throughout the day and made a late advance to
48%— an extreme rise of 2 points. The motive
of this buying was the Wall street rumors of
plans for merging the various railroad proper
ties in the Southwest in which the Goulds are
Interested. Good buying set In early for the
grangers, Pacifies and Atchison preferred, and
after midday New York Central was suddenly
pushed up an extreme 2%. Large buying of
Pennsylvania at an advance of 1% seemed to
be associated with the New York Central
movement, but later an attempt was made to
connect the latter with Union Pacific and
Northwestern by manipulating the price of
those two stocks. All of the Northwestern'
gain was subsequently lost. The manner ln
which the buying demand progressed through
the railroad list. together with the upward
tendency in sugar, prompted the professionals
to attempt a movement In the industrial stocks.
Leather preferred, Federal Steel, Tin Plate and
General Electric were bid up between 1 and 2
points, and New York Air Brake made a char
acteristic upward dash of 19 points.
Mexican Central rose quite conspicuously 2%
per cent under the sentimental influence of
the opening in New York of subscriptions for
the new Mexican refunding loan. Sugar. Man
hattan and Brooklyn Transit dropped sharply
from top figures and many of the gains in the
Industrials were practically wiped out. Prices
of the railroads sagged considerably from the
top and the closing of the market was de
cidedly heavy, net gains being only partly re
tained. The money market was easier to-day
and confidence is felt that the supply will be
come still more abundant at a very early date.
Total sales bonds, par value, $3,365,000.
United States 2s registered declined %, and
the 3s registered %, while the old 4s registered
advanced % in the hid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 643,292 shares, in
cluding: American Steel, 11,000; American
Sugar, 26,100; Anaconda. 3400: Atchison, 5000;
do preferred, 54,900; Brooklyn Transit, 26.500;
Burlington. 16,700: Continental Tobacco, 6000;
Federal Steel, 17,600; Louisville and Nashville.
18,100; Manhattan, 20,400; Northern Pacific, U.
--400; People's Gas, 4000; Reading first preferred,
4000; Rock Island. 19,600; St. Paul, 28,400; South
ern Railway preferred, 8000: Union Pacific, 10,
--200; do preferred, 11,000; Wabash, 4000; Ameri
can Tin Plate. .3100; American Tobacco, 4000;
Central Pacific, 3000; Chicago Great Western.
8400; Denver and Rio Grande, 4000; General
Electric, 3200; Lake Erie and Western. 3600;
do preferred, 3300; Mexican Central. 8400; Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas preferred, 6000; Mis
souri Pacific, 43,600; New York Central, 11,600;
Pennsylvania, 18,200; fit. Louis and South
western pr-ferred, 14,000; Tennessee Coal and
Iron, 14,000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20 Do prefd 175
Do prefd 60 Ann S & W Co.. 55%
Baltimore & Ohio. 48% Do prefd :.. 96
Canada Pacific.... 97% So Pacific 32
Canada Southern.. 63 So Railway 11%
Cent Pac 52 Do prefd 62%
i Ches & Ohio 25% Texas & Pac 22%
| Chi & Alton 150 Union Pacific 43%
I Chi B & Q 137% Do prefd 77%
Chi & E 111 73% Nor & W prefd ... 71
Do prefd .121 Wabash 7%i
I Chi G W ..'. 14% Do prefd 23%
' Chi Ind & L 9% Wheel & L E new. 8%
Do prefd 40 Do 2d prefd .... 24%
, Chi & N W 160% Express Companies-
Do prefd 194 Adams Ex 11l
C C C & St L 68% American Ex 137
Do prefd 98% United States 48
Del & Hudson .... 123% i Wells Fargo 125
Del L & W 169 Miscellaneous-
I Den & Rio G 21% A Cot Oil 89
| Do prefd 76 Di prefd 92
Erie new 13% Amn Spirits 6%
I Do Ist prefd 37% Do prefd 23
Ft Wayne 184 ,Am Tobacco 96%
:Gt Nor prefd 171 , Do prefd 142
I Illinois Cent 115% Cons Gas l 3
• Lake Erie & W.... 19 Com Cable Co IS3
i Do prefd 77 'Col F & Iron .... 45%
; Lake Shore 200 Do prefd 105
> Louis & Nash 72% Gen Electrlo 118%
Manhattan L 118% Haw Coml Co 110
Met St Ry 223% Fed Steel 60
Mich Cent 11l | Do prefd 81%
Minn & St L 54% Intnl Paper 42
I Do 2d prefd .... 90%! Do prefd .9%
| Mo Pacific 47% Laclede Gas 64
; Mobile & Ohio .... 40 |Lead *»'«
Mo X & T 12 , Do prefd 112
Do prefd 34% Brooklyn R T 115%
N J Cent 118 Nat Lin Oil 2
: N V Central 139% Pacific Mail 48
N V Chi & St L.. 13% People's Gas 11. %
Do Ist prefd .... 68 Pullman Pal 160
Do 2d prefd .... 32 Silver Cert •••••••■ 60
' Nor West 20% Standard R & T.. .%
No Amer Co 11% Sugar 67%
No Pacific 60% Do prefd 117
Do prefd 77% T C & Iron (0%
Ontario & W 26% U S Leather 5*
Or R & Nay pfd.. 74 Do prefd 70%
Pac Coast 38 U S Rubber 62
Do Ist prefd .... 84 I Do prefd 118
Do 2d prefd .... 56 West Union 90
Pittsburg IS4 Con Tobacco 40
Reading 21 ,Nat Steel 51%
Do Ist prefd .... 61%' Do prefd 91%
1 R G W 33 IColo So 41%
Do prefd 78 | Do Ist prefd 44
Rock Island 117% Do 2d prefd .... 17
St L & S F 10% Amn Smelting ... 3o
Do prefd 70% Do prefd 82
Do 2d prefd 37 Anaconda 54%
St L & S W 13% Amn Tin Plate.... 38
Do rrefd 35 Do prefd 87
St Paul 132 Steel Hoop 29%
Do prefd 174%! Do prefd 79%
St P & Om 106 I
CLOSING • BONDS.
U 6 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 67%
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 93V*
Do 3s coup 109 N V Cent lsts 113
Do new 4s reg.... 130 N J Cent gen 65. .120%
Do new 4s c0up.. 130 No Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s ...112% Do 4s 102
Do old 4s coup.. No Pacific lsts 113
Do 6s reg 112 , Do 3s 67%
Do 6s coup 112 | Do 4s 103%
Dlst of C 3.65s 119 NYC& St L 4s. ..107%
Alabama class A.. 108 Nor & W con 45... 95%
Do class B 108 j Do gen 6s 13a
Do class C 108 Oregon Nay lsts... 112
Do Currency 98 ' Do 4s 102
Atchison gen 45. ...102% Oregon S L 65. ...... 132
Do adj 4s 85% Do con 6s 113
Canada So 2ds 110 .Reading gen 4s — BS%
Ches & Ohio 4%5... 77% Rio G West lsts... 99%
Do 6s 117 St L& I M con 55. 114%
Chi & N W con 75. 144% St L & S F gen 65. 174
Do S F deb 65.. .122% St Paul con 16S
Chicago Term 45... 99% St P C & P 15t5.... 121%
Den & Rio G 15t5. .106 Do 65.. 121%
Do 4s 100% So Railway 6s 109%
E T V & G 15t5. ...105% Stand R & T 65... 86
Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 97%
FW& D C lsts... 80 Tex & Pac lsts.... 115%
Gen Electric ...118 Do 2ds 55%
G H <_ S A 6s 113 Union Pacific 45....1 v%
Do 2ds 107 Colo Southern 45.. 89%
H & T C 6s 110% Wabash lsts 116%
Do con 6s 112 Do 2ds 102
lowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s 114%
KCP & G lsts.... 60 Wis Cent lsts 76%
La new con 4s 106% Va Centuries So
L& N unified 45... SS% Do Deferred 8%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 20 Ophir 90
Con Cal & V 185 Plymouth 20
Deadwood 60-Quicksilver 2 la
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 840
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake 65 Standard 2 30
Iron Silver 60 ! Union Con 3j
Mexican 60 1 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- ,West End. 95%
Call loans 3 @4 I Do prefd •••• 113 „
Time loans 8%@4% Westinghouse E1... 49%
Stocks— ! Bonds—
Atch Top & St Fe. 20% Atchison 4s 101
Do prefd.. 61% Mining Shares—
I American Sugar. -.167% Adventure 9%
Do prefd IIS Allouez Mm C 0.... 8
j Bell Telephone.., 345 Atlantic 30%
i Boston & Albany. .2s7 Boston & M0nt... .368
Boston Elevated... lo7% Butte & 805t0n.... .9
Boston & Maine.. .l9s Calumet & Hec1t...90
Chi Bur & Q 137 Centennial 34
Ed Elec 111 200 Franklin IS%
Fitchburg prefd.. Humboldt 2%
Gen Electric 119 Osceola 89
Federal Steel 60% Parrott S3
Do prefd 81% Qulncy 165
Mexican Central... 14 Santa Fe Copper... 14%
Michigan Tel 99% Tamarack 21.
Old Colony 203 Winona 13%
Old Dominion 38% Wolverine 4i..%
Rubber 62 lUtah 43
Union Pacific 43%'
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Inactive to-day. They
opened dull, but Improved later on a spurt of
11-16 ln consols. The recent weakness in them
Is attributed to sales by discount brokers who
were unwllllnsr to pay the stiff loan rates de
manded by the banks. It Is rumored that the
proposal to extend postoffice savings bank in
vestments beyond consols has been abandoned.
A more hopeful view of the Transvaal situa
tion also prevailed. Money was harder. There
Is talk of an advance ln the bank rate to
morrow, but I think such action improbable.
Americans were buoyant, closing at the best.
New York bought freely and London is en
couraged by the crop reports, the St. Paul traf
fic and the news that grain rates are to be ad
vanced on August 1. Tlntos, 54%; Utahs, 8%;
Bostons, 1%. -____«,
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 12.— Canadian Pacific, 100;
Union Pacific preferred, 79%: Northern Pacific
preferred. 79%; Atchison, 20%; Grand Trunk,
7%; bar silver, quiet, 27 11-16 d per ounce;
money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 12.— FLOUR— Receipts, 28.-
CSB barrels; export, 6648. Firmer on spring pat
ents, other brands following:
WHEAT— Receipts, 270,900 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 80% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 81% cf. o. b. afloat spot; No.
1 hard Duluth. 84% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive;
No. 2 red, 78% c elevator. Options opened steady
but immediately broadened ■ into positive
strength which lasted all clay. The strength
was Influenced in part by bullish crop reports
from Russia and Kansas, rains in the North
west and a good cash demand West, together
with vigorous covering. The close was strong
at %@%c net advance. July. 78 5-16@79c: closed,
79c; September, 78%®7S 15-16 c; closed, 78% c; De
cember, 80®80%c; closed, 80% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Apart from a nominal sharp rise
in the price of tin the market for metals was
quite featureless ln the main, with the feel
ing about steady. The Improvement in tin re
sulted from increased demand and scarcity of
sellers, together with generally good news from
the West and abroad. At the close the Metal
Exchange called: %
PIG I RON— Warrants, nominal at $13 50.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $18 25 bid
and $18 50 asked.
Entirely nominal, with $27 87% bid and
$28 25 asked.
Unchanged, with $4 65 bid and $4 60
asked. The brokers* price for lead is $4 35 and
for copper $18 50.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 bid and $6 25
COFFEE— closed quiet at s^lo points
decline. Sales, 17,250 bags, including: August,
$4 5C54 55; September, $4 65@4 70; October, J4
(SA 75; November, $4 75®4 SO: , December, S3 05
@5 15. Spot coffee— dull and easy; mild,
quiet. _ .
SUGAR— Raw. easier; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3%c: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7786 packages. Weak and
dull. Western creamery, 15@18%c; factory, 12
®14% c. ""--.".: '■.": -fe" "'!=.--'.:"-;;■ '■'"'-'
EGGS— Receipts, 9450 packages. Steady.
Western. 15% c. <•«-.-
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 12— California Dried Fruits
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6%®7c;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, B%igß%c;
fancy, f"tj , 9%c. .'■''.,
PRUNES— 3%®B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c: Moorpark, 14®18c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 10@llc.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 12.— September wheat opened
steady %c over yesterday's close at 73% c. The
Paris advance of %@lc on reports of j hot
weather in France and Germany Influenced a
good deal of buying from ' shorts, ' and support
from that source was • permanent throughout
the session. The tendency was shown by all
classes of traders to play for a rise from the
decline of the past three weeks. The demand
for wheat was taken up by those who sold calls
last night and by noon September was selling
at 73%®73%c. Crop reports were conflicting.
Nebraska reported 10.6 per cent of the crop in
that State worthless on account of the weeds,
while Oklahoma reported an Increase of 6,000.-
COO bushels this year over last year's crop.
Later advices caused a more bearish feeling.
News from France said the hot weather in
that country and Germany ; did not at present
threaten the crop. • Northwest receipt- con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
tlnued large and weather favorable. Some of
the commission houses who bought early In
the session turned sellers and the Northwest
sold wheat on the advance. ' September ad
vanced to 73% c and closed at that price.
Corn was active and strong. September ad
vanced %c. I . , .
Oats were higher In sympathy with corn and
wheat. Weather and crop advices were fa
vorable. September closed %c higher.
Provisions were strong and active. At the
close September pork was 32% c higher, lard
7%c higher and ribs 10c higher at $5 25.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— , '_'■' m __
July 71% 72% 71% 72%
September 73% 73% 73 73%
December 74% 75% 74% 75%
Corn No. 2— _„„,
July 83% 34% 33% 84%
September 33% 34% 33% 84%
December 33 38% 33 33%
Oats No. 2— _
July 23% 24 23% 24
September 20% 20% 20% 20%
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
July » 07%
September 900 9 32% 8 97% 9 22%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July -37%
September 5 42% 660 6 42% 6 47%
October 5 47% 5 62% 6 47% 6 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 520 620 6 17% 6 17%
September 5 17% 5 27% 6 17% .6 25
October 5 27% 530 5 27% 630
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat. 72@73%c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 70%®72c: No. 2 red. 73%®
741-.C- No. 2 corn. 34%®34%c; No. 2 yellow. 34%®
35% c: No. 2 oats. 23%®24%c: No. 3 white. 25®
27c; No. 2 rye, 58% c; No. 1 flaxseed, 98c; North
west, $1 01%; prime timothy seed, $2 45; mess
pork, per barrel, $8 4009 10; lard, per 100 pounds,
$5 25®5 37%; short rib sides, loose. $5 10@5 25;
dry salted shoulders, boxed, 6%®5%c; short
clear sides, boxed. $5 35@5 40; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, un
changed.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 24,000
Wheat, bushels 95,000 9,000
Corn, bushels 1,199,000 813,000
Oats, bushels 531.000 260,000
Rye, bushels 3,000 695
Parley, bushels 9,000 500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak; creameries, 13%®17%c; dair
ies, 11@16%c. Cheese, firm, S%_"9c. Eggs, steady,
12% c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9 6 11 6 0%
Closing 6 8% 6 11 6 0%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 30 20 90
Closing 20 35 2105
Flour —
Opening 44 60 28 40
Closing 44 60 2S 80
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit '
at auction to-day at the following prices:
PHILADELPHIA. July 12.— Eureka Plums,
$1 65®1 SO, average $1 74; Burbank Plums, av
erage JI 41; Clapp's Favorite Pears, half boxes,
average $1 58; Bartlelt Pears, half boxes, av
erage $1 56; Quackenboss Plums, average Jl 40;
Washington Plums, Jl 15@1 40, average Jl 25;
Tragedy Prunes, $1 lEfg'l 30, average Jl 19;
Decker Peaches, average $1 IS; Crawford
Peaches, 60c@$- 20, average $1 17; German
Prunes, average $1 05; Satsuma, $1. Two cars
were sold to-day.
NEW YORK, July 12.— Bartlett Pears, $2 35
@2 85, average $2 79; half boxes, average $1 51;
Alexander Apples, average J2 75; Wickson
Plums. $1 555J2 87. average J2 60; Foster
Peaches, Jl 10@1 80, average 1 66; Crawford
Peaches, $I@l 35. average 1 32; St. John
Peaches, average $1 07; Burbank Plums, 60c@
Jl 20. average 97c: Peach Plums. 60c®$l 35;
Purple Duane Plums, So@9sc, average 94c:
Tragedy Prunes, 60c@$l 05; Royal Apricots, 75c.
Nineteen cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, July 12.— Eureka Plums, $1 60f2 15,
average $1 88; Black Republicans, average Jl S5;
Tragedy Prunes, 95c(3'Jl 25, average Jl 03; Peach
Plums, "85c@$l 15, average 96c. Seven cars sold
to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 12.— CATTLE— were
large to-day and prices ruled 5c to 10c higher.
Good to fancy steers brought $5 30®5 90; com
moner grades, $4 65®5 25; stockers and feeders,
$3 60®5; bulls, cows and heifers, J2 25®5 15;
Texas steers, J4 06<§5 30; calves, J4 50® 7 25.
HOGS— market for hogs was again ex
ceptionally strong and prices advanced 10c to
12 ; -c. Light hogs brought J4 07%@4 25; mixed
lots. $4 0554 30; heavy, J4®4 30; culls, $2 25®4;
pigs, J3 70®4 25.
SHEEP— Prices for sheep were steady, but
lambs ruled about 10c below yesterday. Sheep
sold at $263 for culls up to J5 25@5 40 for prime
wethers; yearlings sold at J4 50®6, and spring
lambs at J4®6 SO; Western sheep were salable
at J4 50_ 4 75.
Receipts— 17,500; hogs, 28,000; sheep,
15,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. July 12.— American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool market is intensely active and in
creasing ln strength. More than 9,000,000 pounds
of wool have changed hands during the week.
Much of It has been moved in large blocks and
among the purchasers have been consumers,
large and small, or traders of every descrip
tion. The buying has been of a more general
character and there Is no question that manu
facturers are figuring more largely than for
merly. ■•"■
A considerable portion of the business has
been in territory wools. A feature of the mar
ket has been the Increased activity in fleeces,
prices of which are very strong.
The sales of the week ln Boston amounted
to 524,000 pounds domestic and 810,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 9,334,000 pounds,
against a total of 5,639,000 pounds for the pre
vious week, and a total of 1,686,000 pounds for
the corresponding week last year. Sales since
January 1, 1599. amount to 133,611,200 pounds,
against 58,464,310 pounds last year at this time.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 12.— The number of bales
offered at to-day's wool auction sales aggre
gated 13,250. The attendance was good. Me
rinos, scoured, greasy and fine crossbreds, were
'15 per cent dearer than at the last series. A
good selection of New South Wales greasy and
scoured was secured by France and Germany.
A heavy supply of medium and low grade cross
breds sold at better prices. I Sllpes were ln
spirited demand and lambs brought . hardening
prices. Cape of Good Hope and, Natal medium
greasles were largely withdrawn. :. . "
' FOREIGN MARKETS. -.
- LONDON, July 12.— Consols, 106~r; silver,
27 11 -6 d; French rentes, lOlf 7%c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators; car
goes on passage, easier, but in some request;
English country markets, quiet.
'- LIVERPOOL .July WHEAT— wheat
In Paris, firm; flour ' ln Paris, firm; French
country markets, firm. »
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSING.
' American mixed spot old, firm, 3s %d;
do new, steady, 3s 4%d. Futures, quiet; July,
3s %d; September, 3s %d; October, 3s 6d.
WHEAT— Steady; July, 5s B%d; September,
5s lid; December, 6s %d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July Clearings, $411,
--807; balances, $36,817. - • '
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., July 12— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 57@58%c; valley, 53c; blue stem, 61062 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 12.— Wheat remains
stationary at 58c for club and 61c for blue stem.
_ •
LOCAL MARKETS.
' EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars — ' 50<ff50%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
' . WHEAT— Chicago opened dull and heavy,
with the crowd short and bearish. The mar
ket soon Improved, however, the weather be
ing reported unfavorable in the Northwest and
England. Broomhall also cabled that the
weather in France was unsettled . and less fa
vorable, which strengthened the situation.
The local market was quiet and unchanged.
Spot Shipping, $1 10; milling, $1 12%
<gl 15. \siSh
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December
2000 ctls. $1 17%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 17%.
; Regular Morning Session — 4000 ctls, $1 17%.
' Afternoon Session December — 18,000 ctls,
$1 17%; 6000, $1 17%; 2000, $1 17%; 18,000, $1 17%.
BARLEY The market was steady but quiet.
Feed. new, 95@97%c; Brewing $1 02^®1 07%;
old Brewing, Jl <Js@l 10; Chevalier, $1 I_%@l 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
; Informal Session 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second December — 2000 ctls, 980.
Seller '99, new— 90c; 4000, 90% c.
. Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new —
10,000 ctls, 89% c. December— 92% c.
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, 92%0;
2000, 92% c; 2000. 1 91% c; ■ 4000. 92c.
OATS— Receipts of the new crop are grow
ing more frequent, but not sufficiently to affect
the market thus fa«. The demand is fair.
Quoted at $1 10@1 22% for new red and $135®
1 50 for old. ? ____ggsis3«
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 3031 35: East
ern large Yellow, $1 1001 15; White. $1 10@1 15;
mixed. $110 per ctl; California White, $117%
©1 22%. '
RYE— 97%c@sl 02% per ctl tor old; new, -7%0,
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 76,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40®3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cornrneal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornrneal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 60@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55©6 95; in sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. '
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals of Hay were fair, but the demand
was active and sales were made at full prices.
Feedstuffa were unchanged.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"The market now shows some Indications of
the heavy receipts that, could be naturally ex
pected after the Fourth of July, although there
is yet a scarcity of men in the country to en
able shippers to bale their crop as they' wish.
This, together with the fact that many farm
ers are still busy with their grain, is keeping
much hay back that will probably be marketed
as soon as possible. We are Inclined to be
lieve, therefore, that toward the end of the
present month and during August, we may
reasonably expect very free shipments of hay
to this market Reports from our various
agents prove that there is a large amount of
hay throughout the country where there are
no storage facilities, thus necessitating the
marketing of much hay before the rainy sea
son sets in.
"Unless some unusual market Is developed
for our surplus, the future of the hay market
will be a very discouraging one. although we
may reasonably expect hay to advance dur
ing the winter months enough to pay for cost
of storing and insuring same.
"There is considerable discussion at the
present time as to the probable effects of the
Introduction of automobiles on the Pacific
Coast. If the horse is to be superseded by
these inventions, most raisers of hay will have
to enter a new line of produce raising. The
progress of the world seems to point toward
this Innovation, but the more conservative
think that It will prove but a passing fad or
fancy. In all probability two or three years
will solve the problem, although If this radi
cal change is to take place we will begin to
feel its effects very shortly."
BRAN— J16@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50*019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $271528: Jobbing,
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, J20<&21: Cornrneal,
$23 60@24 50; Crocked Corn. J24_ , 25; Mixed Feed,
J15&16; Cottonseed Meal, $24*126 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, JS®9 50 for good and $10 for
choice; Wheat and Oat. $B©9; Oat, $7 50@S 50;
Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa, $6@7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2O®4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans rule firm at the advance, with a con
tinuation of the demand.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90®2; Small White, $2®
2 15; Large White, $1 60®1 75; Pinks, $2®2 10;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 10® 4 25; Butters,
nominal; Llmas, $424 10; Pea. $2 10@2 26; Red
Kldnej-s. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 9@9%c; Rape, 3®3%c;
Hemp, 4',,i®4 1 Timothy, 4%®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 50
®2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market for Potatoes and Onions stands
about the same.
A shipping demand for the north reduced
stocks of Vegetables considerably, but several
kinds were lower, nevertheless.
POTATOES— Peerless. $1 75®2 ln boxes and
$1 60®1 S5 In sacks; Early Rose, $1 60@1 85;
Burbanks, $1 So®2 10 In boxes and $1 60®1 85 in
sacks on the wharf. ' -
ONIONS— New. 15®35c per sack for red and
75®S0c per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 76c®Jl 60 per box
for ordinary and $1 T."Ti2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb,
25©50 c per box: Green Peas. 2®2%c per lb;
String Beans, 3® 4c; Cabbage. 60c; Tomatoes,
25@40c per box; Rivers, 75c®Jl; Stockton, 85c(ff>
«1 ■ Egg Plant. $1 25<ffl 50: Green Okra, SOcffTJl
per box; Garlic, 2®3c; Green Peppers, 75c® $1
for Chile and $I®l 50 per box for Bell: Carrots.
30®40c per sack; Sacramento and Marysvllle
Cucumbers are out; Bay Cucumbers, 60f375c;
Summer Squash, 30®50c for Bay; Green Corn.
40@85c per sack for Vacayllle and $1 25®1 50
per crate for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is rather weak, and there Is still
some unsold Eastern on the floors.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
@18c; Geese, per pair, $I@l 25; Goslings, $1 25
$1 50; Ducks, $3 50®4 for old and $4 60®5 for
young; Hens. $4 50©5 50; young Roosters, $6®
7 50; old Roosters, $4 50®5; Fryers. $4 60625:
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large, $2 50@3 60 for small:
Pigeons, $1 2'>fil HO per dozen for old and $1 25
®1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs continue to advance under light receipts
. and a good demand.
Butter Is steady at the quotations, though the
feeling is not as firm as It has been. There is
no change In Cheese.
BUTTER— _ _: ■ ■;
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 20®21c; sec
onds, 19c.
Dairy— Fancy. 17%®18c; good to choice, 16®
17c: store, 14iil5c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. S%c; old, 7%®Bc;
Young America. B%®9c; Eastern, 13®15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15®17%c for store and 20®
22c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@17c for
No. 1 and 14@15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $35©50 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears, $40®50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $20®25c per ton.
The floors and sidewalks were pretty well
cleaned up by a good demand for the north,
and good shipping Peaches, Pears, Plums, etc.,
were firm In consequence. Berries were cheap
and not materially changed. Melons were easy,
and another car of Wetarmelons from Fresno
sold at $2 5003 per dozen. The other fruits
were dull and featureless.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35c®$l per large box; Crabapples, .40
®f;oc for small and 75CSJJ1 per large box.
BERRlES— Blackberries. $2 50@3 50 per chest:
Strawberries, J3®s per chest for small and $2
©2 60 for large. berries; Raspberries, $3 50®5 per
chest : . Logan berries. $4© 6 per chest.
Cantaloupes, $1@1 25 per box and J3®4 per
crate; Nutmegs, per box and $2@2 25 per
crate.
Grapes, black and white, 75c®$l per crate.
Currants. $4®6 per chest.
Cherries, 50c(g$l per box for all kinds.
Green Pears, 50®$1 per box, according to
size; Bartletts. JlfJ 1 25 per box.
Nectarines, 40®50c per box for white and 75c
®J1 for red. " ' : - ■ ■■ ■ \
Figs, 35fi40c for single and 50®75c per box
for double layers of black and 25@35c for white.
Apricots, 60*3850 per box.
Peaches, 2."fa6oc per box and 20®35c per bas
ket: Crawfords, 40@65c per box and.3s@soc per
basket. "■', -.""Ji" " : - "'
. Plums, . 25® 40c per box; Prunes, 30®60c per
crate. - . . ; " • _
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, 50c@
$1 50; Valencias, Jl®3: Lemons, $I@l 50 for com
mon and $2© 2 50 for good to' choice; Mexican
Limes, $4; California Limes, 26®50c per small
box: Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$I®2 50 per dozen. ,
DRIED FRUITS, , NUTS AND RAISINS.
- A good many white Figs have . been sold to
the East for future delivery, and dealers regard
this demand as permanent and growing. Prunes
and Raisins are not mentioned yet. The other
fruits stand about the same.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6% for 40-50' s, 5c
for ■ 60-60' s, 4c for 60-70's, 3%@3%c for 70-80'
2%®3%c for 80-90' 2%®2%c for 90-100's and
2®2%c for 100-110' s; Plums, nominal, l%c for
unpltted and 4%®6c for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Apricots, 9%@
10% c for Royals, and 11%®12%c for Moorparks;
Peaches, 7%@8%c; Evaporated Apples, 8%@9%c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 4%®6c. for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2%®3c.
Chestnuts. 7o per lb; Walnuts, 6®Bc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Chile Wal
nuts, ll@12c; Almonds, B®9c for hardshell, 12®
13c for softshell, 14@16c for paper-shell; Pea
nuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and,4%®sc for Califor
nia; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5.
HON Comb, lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted, 6%©7% c:
light amber extracted, 6%®6%c; dark, 6@5%c
per lb. .
BEESWAX— per lb.
/- PROVISIONS.
The market is getting stiff and active again.
Prices for most Hog products have advanced in
the East, and still higher prices are looked for
here in consequence.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy, 9®9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, 12@12%c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $14; Family . Beef, $15©15 50;
extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50;
mess. $15® 15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6%@5%c per lb for
compound and 6%®7c for pure;, half barrels,
pure. 7_c; 10-lb tins, 7%®Bc; 5-lb tins, B@B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%©6% c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
8-lb palls, 20 ln a case. B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 ln a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the : quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10®10%c; medium, 9®9%c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
L l3c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf, 17c;j
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each: short
Wool. 35®60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
90c® Jl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2®2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25®50c.
TALLOW— No.- 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3®3%c; refined. ; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, SSllc; Foothill and North
ern free, ll@i4c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive. lie; Nevada, 11® 14c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, 10@12c; do defective, B®9c; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 16%® 18c; Valley Oregon, 17®
18c; Eastern Oregon. 12®14c for choice and 9®
ll%c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13®17%c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool
Bags, 26®28c; San Quentln Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $6; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 60 ln bulk and $9 60
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14
Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Rock Springe and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry-
Granulated, 6%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more; 60-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. . V 1
: FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows. "".•:> -; ;
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%®7c; Ewes. «o per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7%(SBc per lb.
I PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small, s%®«c for
I medium and 5%c for large; stock Hogs and
. Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7®B%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, July 12.
Flour, qr sks 12,479 Chicory sks...—. 65
Wheat, ctls 25 Wool, bags 282
Barley, ctls 6,270 Hay, tons 436
Oats, ctls 1,360 Powder, car 1
Rye, ctls 130 Powder, cases.... 21
Cheese, ctls 223 Eggs, doz 12,000>
Butter, ctls 1581 Quicksilver, flks. 100
Beans, sks 472 Leather, rolls 47
Potatoes, ska 2,873 Wine, gals 37,750
Onions, sks 475ISugar, bbls 1,545
Bran, sks 1,664 Sugar, sks 841 !
Middlings, sks.., 6SO Raisins, boxes... 2,000
Shorts, sks 12 Lime, bbls 182
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 11,451 Shorts, sks 660
Oats, ctls 450 Wheat, ctls 310
Bran, sks 1.244 ;;V> -:>
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7.262; Wool, bales 296
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was light on the Bond Exchange and
quotations showed no changes worthy of note.
Mining stocks were stronger at a slight ad
vance. The telegram from the pump said: "No.
1 elevator has been working continuously. The
water rose and fell again during the past
twenty-four hours. At 6:30 this morning the
water on the floor of the 1950-foot level station
Is but 4 Inches deep."
The Alpha Consolidated has levied an assess
ment of 3 cents per share, delinquent Au
gust 16.
On June 30 the regular dividend of the Cari
boo Consolidated Company was paid, making a
total of $75,000 distributed in dividends since
January last.
A letter from the Justice mine reads as fol
lows: On the 370-foot level west crosscut -no.
1 from the station was advanced 15 feet since
last report, making Its total distance 222 feet
from the station. The face is in clay and
quartz. The winze started In the south drift,
opposite the north drift, has been sunk 12 leet.
The bottom Is ln quartz giving low assays.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July 12—2 p. m.
Hid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 15% 15%
4s quar c0up.. 112 — Oakland Gas.. — 48%
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 70% 71%
4s cuar new.. — — Pac LCo — 43
3s quar coup.. 109 SF G & E.... 71% 71%
Miscellaneous San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 113% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 109 — i Insurance—
EL & P 65.... 130% — Flrem's Fund. —
F & CI Ry 65.116%118 I Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
H C & S 5%5.107% — Bank of Ca1.. 285 —
L A Ry 6s — 107% Cal S D & T.. 95%100
LAL Co 65.. 99 — j First Natlonl.22o —
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A. ...129% —
Do gntd 65.. — 108 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65.. 126% — Nev Nat 8k...180 —
Do Ist M 65. 116% — Savings Banks—
NCN G R 78.109 — Ger S & L...1605 —
N Ry Cal .112 114 Hum S & L. 1050 1160
! N R of Cal 65.113%--4% Mutual Say.. 35 —
N P C R R ss. — 105% S F Say U... 612% —
NPC R R Cs.lll — S& L 50.;..'. — 86%
N Cal R R 6s.Hl — j Security SB.— 300
Oak Transt 65. 107% — I Union T Co.. — 1465
Om C Ry 65.. .127 130 | Street Railroads—
P & CI Ry 6s. — 107% California 116 —
P &O 6s 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st 65... 118 122% | Market-st .... 61% 61%
Sac El Rv 6s. — — Oak S L A H. — —
SFA N P 65.113% — | Presidio — 16
S F A S JV55.U4%115 Powder—
-Icrraß Cal 69.108% — California .... — 165
SPof A 65...U0%11> !E Dynamite... — 95
S P C 65(1905).H2 112% Giant Con Co. 72% 73%
S P C 65(1906). — — iVigorlt 3 3%
S P C 68(1912). 118 122% Sugar—
's PCIs eg ss. — 108 Hana PCo 17% 17%
SPBr 6s — — Haw C&S C. 99%100
S V Wat 65... — — Hutch S P Co. 83% 33%
S V Wat 45... 104 104%'Kllauea S Co. 80 30%
S V Wis(com).lol 101% Makawell S C. 47% —
Stktn Gas 65.. 102%— Onomea S Co. 40% —
Marin Co 50 — Paauhau S P. 40% 40%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 72%— 'Al Pac A55n..112%113%
Spring Valley. — 102 Ger Ll Wk5..250 —
Gas and Electric— \ Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Capital Gas... — — I Oceanic S Co. 90 —
Central G Co.. — — IPac A F A.... 1% —
Cent L A P... 6% — Pac C Bor 50.134 —
Eqult G L Co. 5 6% Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 87%
710 Makawell 47 75
40 Market Street Railway 61 25
$4000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.. ll3 75
35 Oceanic S S Co 89 76
25 Oceanic S S Co 89 87%
10 Onomea Sugar Co 40 75
170 Paauhau S P Co 40 62%
60 Paauhau S P Co 40 60
2 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 25
95 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 00
100 S V Water 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 72 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 99 50
450 Makawell 47 75
90 Market Street Railway 6125
110 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
30 Pacific Coast Borax 135 00
65 Paauhau S P Co 40 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 12%
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 25
$5000 S P of A bonds 110 50
$6000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 125 00
100 S V Water 10187%
75 S V Water 102 00
$7000 S V 6 per cent bonds 116 25
Street— ': . i:•
$7000 Market St Ry Ist con 5 per cent.... 116 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. -;?-*
Board
40 Market Street Railway 61 50
100 Vigorlt Powder 3 12%
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 89 50
•, v \ v> :- Afternoon Session.
Board
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 75
$2000 Spring Valley 3d 10100
30 Paauhau S P Co 40 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 70 62%
60 Onomea Sugar Co 40 62%
250 Vigorlt Powder 3 12%
60 Equitable Gas 5.00
20 S V Water '. 101 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes .:.. 17 200 Ophlr 1,05
600 Best & Belcher on 400 Seg Belcher 07
100 Chollar 23. 300 Sierra Nevada. 63
300 Gould & Curry. 33 i 300 Union Con 39
100 Mexican '. 641 200 Utah .....13
100 Mexican 651 100 Yellow Jacket.. 34
200 Occidental 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 041 500 Justice 08
400 Andes 18 600 Justice 07
100 Chollar 251 400 Mexican 68
15 Con Cal & V...2 05! 30<lOphlr 1 10
100 Crown Point... 26' 100 Potosi-.. 44
100 Crown Point... 25 200 Savage 25
200 Gould & Curry. 40 200 Sierra Nevada. 62
600 Hale & Norcrs. 87!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
; .• : . ;;^ -: ."" Morning Session.
200 Andes 17 500 Con Imperial... .01
300 Belcher 30 200 Crown Point... 26
900 Best & Belcher 54 400 Crown Point... 27
800 Bullion 08. 400 Gould A Curry. 40
200 Chollar 23 100 Gould & Curry. 41
200 Chollar 24 300 Mexican .. 56
60 Con Cal & V.l 97%1 250 Occidental ..... 22
200 Con Cai & V.. .2 00 900 Ophlr 1 07%
200 Con Cal & V.2 02%| 300 Potosi 43
800 Con Cal & V...2 Oo 200 Union Con: 40
600 Con Cal A V.2 07% ! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 35
200 Con Cal A V...2 10!
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 13 600 Gould A Curry. 40
600 Belcher 28 2000 Justice 08
400 Best & Belcher 55 300 Ophlr 105
300 Best & Belcher 64 100 Overman .'. 13
200 Chollar ..... 24 . 400 Potosi .......... 44
400 Con Cal & V... 10 300 Potosi 43
400 Con Cal & V.2 07% 1000 Savage ......... 25
650 Con Cal & V...2 05, 200 Union C0n.;.... 88
300 Crown Point... 261
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 12—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. ; -. '„ As £:,
Alpha v.... — 05 Justice 06 _
Alta ........ - 09 Kentuck 03 05
Andes'":'. 17 IS Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher \2B 29 Mexican . 5o 56
Best & Belcher 54 65 Occidental 2* —
Bullion 07 OS Ophlr 1001 Oo
Caledonia 64 69 Overman 13 14
Chollar 24 25 Potosi 42 43
Challenge Con. 25 30 Savage 24 2b
Confidence -_ 85 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal & V... 2 00 205 Seg Belcher.... 07 OS
Con Imperial... - 01 Sierra Nevada. 60 62
Crown Point... 24 26 Silver Hill 01 03
Eureka C0n.... - 40 Syndicate - 0j
Con New York. - 04 Standard 2002 4o
Exchequer — 04 St Louis — 16
Gould & Curry. 38 39 Union Con 37 38
Hale & Norcrs. 36 38 Utah ........... 14 18
j Ha 02 OS Yellow Jacket.. 34 36
» ♦ » ' y t'i '
Given away with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday 's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing.
.■ ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. j
Jeannette Wagner to Gustave C. Flchtner.
lot on N line of McAllister street, 167:6 E of
Buchanan, E 25 by N 120; — .
Henry and Mathilde Frohman to Moses
Strauss, lot on SE corner of Steiner and Bush
streets, S 27:6 by E 100; $10. ; ;
John H. Meredith to Henry Wadsworth. lot
on N line of Washington street, 261:9 W of
Cherry. W 85:1 by N ft degree E 257:10, quit
claim deed; $5. --V •_, ~
Henry and Mary B. Wadsworth to In. K.
Masten, lot on N line of Washington street,
195:6% E of First avenue. E 85 by N % degree
E 257:10; $10.
Henry and Mathilde Frohman to Moses
Strauss lot on SE corner of Waller and Clayton
streets, E 106:3 by S 100; $10.
A A. and Nora Friedlander to Jacob ana
Joseph Weissbeln, lot 93, Heyman Tract (S Al
varado, 175 W of Douglas, W 25 by S US), quit
claim deed: $100. , ,' _
George Whittel to Anna L. Whittel, lot on S
line of Morton street, 60 E of Grant avenue. L
76, S 60 W 54:4%. S 2:6. W 20:7%. N 62:6; also
lot on N line of Geary street. 92:6 E of Stock
ton E 45 N 60 W 22:6, N 60, W 45, S 60, E 22:6,
S 60; also lot on N line of Sacramento street,
160:5 E of Jones, E 22:11 by N 120; also lot on
NE corner of Sacramento and Jones streets,
N 37:6 by E 68; also lot on SE line of Stevenson
street, 57:6 SW of Annie, SW 20 by SE 69: also
lot on NW line of Stevenson street. 375 SW of
Stevenson street. 275 NE of Sixth, SW 4S:b
Third SW 20 by NW 70; also lot on SE line of
by SE 70- also lot on SE line of Stevenson
street, 375 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by SE 75; also
lot on SE corner of Jones and Pleasant (Riley)
streets S 60 by E 22:9; also lot on E line of
Stockton street, 58:6 N of Geary. N 17:6 by E
70: $100. .'•■•..'
' Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Henry
F Blauchet Jr.. lot on N line of Chestnut
street, 137:6 W of Stockton, W 34:6 by N 137:6;
$2700
Frank A and Elizabeth Madison (Scholl) to
Glu«lppe Glannottl. lot on S line of Bay street,
91:8 E of Mason, E 22:11 by S 60; $10.
Bridget Crogan (Gibbons) to Mary Bayne, lot
on S line of Vallejo street. 68:9 W of Mason
street. S 65:9 by W 31:3; $10.
Dennis O. Crowley to Herbert E. Law, lot on
S line of Turk street, 206 W of Jones, W 46 by
S 137:6; $18,000. .'- ; ____*.-.
Catherine Boyer to Jane Boyer (daughter) lot
on SW line of Russ street, 100 NW of Folsom,
VW 40. SW 100, SE 40, NE 25, SE 20, NE 25,
NW 20,' NE 50; also lot on SE corner of Russia
avenue and Prague street, E 100 by S 150, lot 1, I
block 93, Excelsior Homestead: gift. I
Edgar L. Hoag to J. C. McKenzle, lot on W
line of Fortieth avenue, 100 N of U street, N
25 by W 120; also lot on W line of Fortieth ave
nue, 200 S of T street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to Patrick J. Foley, lot 14, block 8, subdivision
1 of Castro Street Addition; $10.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
Daniel Williamson, lots 19 and 20, block 183,
O'Neil & Haley Tract; $10.
Geza and Ella Szanik (by Charles Klein, com
missioner) to Humboldt Lumber Mill Company,
lot on E line of Ramsell street, 182 N of Pal
metto, N 50 by E 100, block 39, City Land Asso
ciation; $450. .
Christian and Lucy Miller to James J. Finni
gan, lot on NE corner of Stanton street and
Alta alley, N 36 degrees, E 127:2, S 77 degrees,
E 94:2, S 36 degrees 45 minutes, W 123:3%, N 79
degrees 19 minutes, W 94:3, lot 4, block 15, Mar
ket. Street Homestead Association; $10.
Frank T. Meagher to Thomas B. Bishop, un
divided half of lot on W line of Mission street,
160:9% S of Twenty-third, S 100 by W 250; $10.
George A. Smith to Emily E. Smith, lot on
E line of San Jose avenue, 186 N of Twenty
fifth, N 37 by E 90; gift. - . ■*
Thomas J. O'Connor to Marcella C. Con
nor, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
135:4% W of San Jose avenue, W 22 by N 137:6;
gift. „
Januarius McAdam to Phillip E. Fraher, lot
on N line of Twenty-sixth street, SO W of
Noe, W 40 by N 114; JlO.
M. J. Meßrlde (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Colllngwood (Sherman) street, i
75 S of Eighteenth, W 125 by S 49:4: $4000.
Gustave Vignos to Alphonse Grosbols, lot on
E lino of Dupont street, 40 S of Vallejo, S 20
by E 67:6; $8700.
Ernestina Lottage to Giuseppe Foppiano, lot
on N line of Church place, 200 W of Dupont
street, being 175 S of Lombard, W 20 by N 75;
$500.
Anna Taafe (by Edward I. Sheehan, Tax
Collector) to M. McCann, lot on SE corner of
Jones and Houston streets, S 0:2 by E 65:9, tax
deed; $6.
James F. Dorland (by J. N. Block. Tax Col
lector) to same, lot on S line of Dorland street,
224:4 E of Dolores, E :0% by S 115, tax deed; $1.
Estate of Francis Morrison (by Mary Mul
lany, administratrix) to C. F. Marwedel. lot
on NW line of Lick alley, 47:6 NE of Ecker
street, NE 46x26; $2000.
Sarah McMillan to Christian Froelich, lot on
SW line of Second street, 40 NW of Minna, NW
20 by SW 57:6; $10. ... -•
San Francisco Land Company (a corporation)
to Ferdinand Stroh, lot on W line of Sixth
avenue, 108:8 N of California street, N 25 by
W 120: $10.
Estate of John Henry (by William F. Miller,
administrator) to George Gaffney, lot on W
line of Second avenue, 150 N of Point Lobos, N
25 by W 120: $690.
Etta H. Edwards (wife of George C.) to
Christian Brock, lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue 150 S of O street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Frank H. and Sarah E. Loftls to Frank T.
Drvden, lot on N line of Palmetto (Railroad)
street, 50 W of Head (Florence). W 100 by N
100, lots 3 to 6, block 40, City Land Associa
tion; $10. -•:;'.■.-.- '^— - .'• ■■:•■■'.' '■
Charles A. Jones to Mary L. Jones (wife of
Charles A.), lot 14, block 7, Holly Park Tract;
gift.
Minnie B. and Grant W. Gagan to Granite
Mutual Benevolent and Loan Association, lot
on S line of Courtland avenue, 78:9 E of Elsie
street, E 25 by S 90. lot 20. block 5, Fair's Sub
division of Holly Park; $10.
Railroad Homestead Association No. 2 to
Charles Fix. lot on N line of Hill street, 30 W
of Capitol, E 30 by N 125. lot 31. block X, Rail
road Homestead Association No. 2; $135.
Charles Fix to Philip William Degan, same;
$25.
John H. Durst to Charles F. Kapp, estate of
Mary Marshall. No. 18,495; $10.
Alameda County.*
C. L. and Mary S. Lombard to Howell V.
Armistead. lot 1, block B, Golden Gate Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Marie B. Samonillet to Thomas F. Gregory
and Patrick J. Manon, lot on N line of Addi
son street, 100 W of Price. W 150 by N 126.
Berkeley, warranty deed: $3000.
' George and Monica Hinman to D. R. Mc
pherson, lot 31, block E, Melrose Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $150.
Josephine Nevill to Helen S. Fraser, lots 8
and 9, block J, Linda Vista Terrace. Oakland;
$10.
John A. and Annie Thornton to Henry Z.
Jones, lot on E line of Peralta avenue, 75 N
of Jones street, N 35 by E 115. being lot 15,
Galindo Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Maria I. Furtado to Antonio G. Sllva. lot on
N line of Antonio street, 192:6 E from E line of
Southern Pacific Railroad, N 60. W 196, S 61:6.
E 180:6 to beginning, being in the city of San
Leandro. Eden Township: $10.
James E. and Hannah Quinn to L. F. Rlnder
spacher, all Interest in lots 12 and 13 and E
half of lots 11 and 14, map of Wicks' addition
to town of San Leandro, Eden Township;
grant. .
E. B. and Eliza Clark to same, same, Eden
Township: _rant.
P. F. Benson and E. M. Paterson (executors
of the estate of Philip Boogar) to William C.
Giles, all Interest in lot on E line of Franklin
street, 50 S of Eighth. S 75 by E 75, being lots
4, 5 and 6, block 78, Oakland; $3775.
William C. and Eliza A. Giles to M. Marks
same, Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth A. K. McNeill (Kennedy) and
Catherine Kennedy to California Cotton Mills
Company, lot on W corner of right of way of
Central Pacific Railroad and strip of land dedi
cated as Twenty-second avenue, thence SW 50
by NW 150, East Oakland; $1000.
Isaac Lamb to Maria Lamb, the N half of
lot 4 and all of lot 5, Coggshall Tract, E of
San Pablo avenue, Oakland Township; also all
property wheresoever situated; gift.
Walter and Rose Watson to Frank M. and
Rose H. Wilson, lot 12. block 20. Daley's
Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley, to correct 693 d
169; $10.
William J. Coles to John Gilbertson, lot on
S line of Eleventh street, 75 E of West, E 50
by S 100, being lots 9 and 10, block 149, Oak
land; $10.
William J. Coles (administrator of estate of
Ellen M. Coles) to same, same. Oakland; $2700.
Central Bank and Julia F. Magner to R. J.
McMullen. lot on SW corner of Telegraph ave
nue and Forty-eighth street, S 50, W to E line
of Shattuck avenue, N to S line of Forty
eighth street, E to beginning, being lots 4 and
5, block 2119, Alden Tract, at Temescal; also
lots 1. 2, 11 and 12, block 2122. same, Oakland;
$10. •
Adolph and Henry B. Uhl to Carroll C.
Holmes, lot on S line of Jones street. 380 W of
Telegraph avenue, W 30 by S 100, being portion
lot 16. corrected man Jones Tract, Oakland;
$10.
F. A. Dodge to Philip S. Dusenbury, lot on
NW corner of West Twelfth and Campbell
streets. W 30 by N 110, being lot 10, block 1.
on map of plat of Tract 383, Oakland, subject
to a mortgage for $1600: $10.
Charles A. Jones to Mary L. Jones, lots 12,
14, 16, IS and 13, on map of resubdivided plat
18, amended map Lake View. East Oakland;
also lots 25 and 26. block R, resubdivided por
tion of Roberts and Wolfskin tract. Oakland;
gift. ,-...,-,. ..'•... ..
Frederlcka and William Wllk, to Anna M.
a_*_ S_S s__| S #&£_•
lot -T block X, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $10. ,
Builders' Contracts.
Charles W. Wagner, owner. - with Henry
W o?k^xcepn^ m n[nV a g; h tmt C 1 ng paling _
worK "cepi frame cottage on lot commencing
SfSS-% r a "m SE^fe of California street
south (Deeth). thence along First avenue _»
b WSinand 1 .- sVrotfwidow (ow- />a With t Mar
cuse & Remmel (contractors and archUecwj.
All work for a two-story frame dwellta^houw
on W line of Sixth avenue. 108:8 N or _amor
nia street. N 25 by W 120; $20S0. |
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
c -'?,i,„ s, *is •saw" 4 -
ss__- , _sr sassSsgaia is
thority of the Superintendent. _ .
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) rtout
twenty-five minutes later than "Fort «im.
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 13.
~ r 4:57
Sun rises • .7:33
Sun sets ".'".'_<>:_- p. m.
Moon sets ■
D T.me Time Time Time
• iTw L W !L^| —
r7.."T30"T3~8i35~0^ 3:30J 5.2 9:41 2-0
i 8-24 3.9 9:11 1.4 4:° a 6.3 10.40 l.»
! ••" 4 ; 23 3.6 9:50 1.8 4:42 5.4 11:40 l.»
1..! 5:59 3.4 10:38 2.4 5:25 5.5 ....-■
-... L O:To 0.7 H 8 ! ,. 4 L ll:Tl M H «S S.f
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide»
the early morning tides are given £ the left
hand column and the successive tides of tne
day in the order of occurrence as to time, in
second time column gives the second ( tide or
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The neignts
given are additions to the soundings on tne
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane^ of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, cal..
July 12 1599. _ ___
The rime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at »
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time^ CKUKI x_.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Portland St. Michael July «
Bonlta (Newport Ju|y "
Aloha .(Point Arena ~. : Ju y U
State CaliforniaiPortland July *
Point Arena.... Point Arena July 1*
Weeott Humboldt f'L 1 ;
Santa Rosa San Dle*o i y"l5
Pomona Humboldt... -• Ju \T }•
America Mam.. China and Japan July is
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor •••••-; July 18
City of Puebla. I Victoria & Puget Sound July 18
North Fork Humboldt Ju T «
Arcata Coos 8ay..... Ju "
Wellington Departure Bay Ju y IS
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay J u y «
Coos Bay Newport.... ■}" » «
Crescent City. . Crescent City July "
Fulton Portland Ju «
Homer St. Michael. July 13
Columbia Portland July 19
Corona San Diego... »• July W
Cleveland Pusret Sound July i»
Colon [Panama JU 'y ?0
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Luella /.... ITillamook July 13, 3 pm Pier J
Pomona .... Humboldt July 13. SpmiPier 9
Corona jSan Diego July 13, 11 am Pier 11
Coptic IChina & Japan July H. 1 pm PMSfe
Aloha IPolnt Arena.. 'July 15. 3 pm Pier 2
rmatilla L. Vie & Pgt Sd.iJuly 15, 10 am Pier 9
Bonlta 'Newport *July 15, 9 am Pier 11
Weeott ....iHumboldt [July 15, 2pm Pier 13
Portland ... ( St. Michael. ..'July 13, 2 pm^.......
A Blanch'd'Coos Bay July 17. 6 pm Per 13
State of Car Portland July 17. 10 am ' Pier 24
Pt Arena. .! Point Arena.. July 17. 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Roaa'San Diego July 17. U am Pier 11
San Juan.. Panama. July is, 12 m PMSS
Aroata Too, Bay ',July 18. 10 am! Pier 13
Coos Bay... 'Newport JJuly 13. 9am Pier 11
roauille R ! Gravs Harhor'July 10
CitT ruebla'Vlo & Pet Rl.'July sn. IMir.Tler 9
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 11.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 84 hours from
Taeoma. ' ' _ _
Stmr Cleone. Higgins, 16 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Luella, Miller, 58 hours from Yaqulna
Bay. - _
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 66 hours from Grays
Harbor. ': _ . __ _ '
Stmr George Loomls, Badger, 32 hours from
Ventura. •■'■>'' ■" __ . . ,-
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 29 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 19 days. „,.,_.
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, 29 days from Manila, via
Nagasaki 19 days. . „ - -____*_
Ship Occidental, Bennett, 10 days from
Seattle. _ _, ' M ____,
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, 31 hours from Eureka.
Schr Western Home, DacweMtz, 5% days from
Coos Bay. „.,.,,_
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 14 hours from
Timber Cove. - ' «,- -.'_
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, SO hours from
Needle Rock. ,V _
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 14 hours
from Stewarts Point. >
Schr Amethyst Zimmerman, 7 days from
Waldport.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, July 12.
Stmr Mariposa, Haywards, Honolulu and
Sydney: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R '
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Br ship Flintshire, Jones, Queenstown; Bal
four. Guthrie & Co. ' {•
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson. Honolulu;
Williams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED. ;V>v
Wednesday, July 12.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, Seattle.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Portland.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal.
Stmr Novo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Br ship Afon Alaw, Thomas, Queenstown.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Flska Mill. ;-,- ■-. "•-■
' RETURNED.
Wednesday. July 11.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, hence July 11. for
Fort Bragg returned with disabled stmr Wee
ott in tow.
Stmr Weeott. Burtis, hence July 11, for Eu
reka, returned to port In tow of stmr Aloha.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 12, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind west; velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 17. lat 5 N, lon 29 W— Fr bark Saint-
Anne, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
CHARTERS.
The Santiago loads mdse for Hllo.
DISASTER.
LONDON, July 12— Singapore reports Br stmr
Shan Tung struck a rock and beached on
Island South Natuna, coast of Borneo. Fore
hold full of water; main hold and engine room
leaking. Assistance sent, and with favorable
weather hope to save her.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT ARENA— Arrived July 12— Stmr Alca
traz, hence July It.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 11— Stmr
Grace Dollar, from Astoria.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July 11— Schr De
fender, for San Pedro. ,-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July Schr
Robert R Hind, hence June 24; schr William
Bowdon, from Kahulul; ship Dashing Wave,
from Port Los Angeles; schr J B Leeds, hence ■
June 25; schr Meteor, from San Pedro; Haw
schr Honolulu, hence June 29.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 12— Stmr Humboldt,
from Dyea; stmr Cleveland, hence July 8.
Sailed. July 12— Jap stmr Idzuma Maru. for
Yokohama; ship C F Sargent, for San Fran
cisco; schr Queen, for Cooks Inlet.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived July 12— Bktn.
Northwest, . hence June 24 *
-' FORT ;BRAGG-Salled July 12-Stmr Rival.
for San Francisco. ...~ _.-,:.-..-.
PORT GAMBLE-Salled July 12-Schr Spo
kane, for San Francisco. . ■
N?wa?k EN for LANDING-Sailed " July 12-Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. ———~
NEHALEM-Arrlved July 12-Schr Antelope,
from Santa Barbara.
EUREKA-pSatled July 12— Schr Ottillle Fjord,
for Honolulu; schr Sparrow. - for San Fran
cisco; bktn Eureka, for .
ASTORIA-Sailed July 12-Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; Br Stmr Lennox,
for Hongkong.
JP°RTLUDLOW'- Arrived July 12— Schr Rob
rt X Hind, hence June 24; schr Meteor, from
San Pedro. ;.;-•- -
EASTERN PORTS.
, NEW YORK— Arrived July 11-Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP-In port July 1-Br ship Samoena,
for' San Francisco. ""*■
NAGASAKI-Sailed May 30-Br bark Na
naimo, for Victoria. July 12-Stmr Leelanaw.
for San Francisco. • •
AN JER-Passed prior July 12— Ship Challen
ger, from Norfolk, for Manila; ship J B
Walker, from Norfolk, for Manila
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
da^S^-Y^r^ JUly «**- ■--
si? from Y gi R asg";w rrlVed July 18-Stmr *™-
Sailed July 12— Stmr New York, for South-
a m^?M : -^ - tmr T eutonlc - for Liverpool; . stmr
Noordland, for Antwerp.
LONDON— Arrived July 12-Stmr Manltou.
from New York - iutt4 " LU ""
lo_tS_ A " ,yea Ju,y Stmr Ultonla.
irom joostocuINVESTIGATION
AT AN ASYLUM
Doings at Agnews Are
Being Proved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 12.— Investigation
Into affairs at the Agnews Insane Asy
lum, arising out of the delicate condi
tion of Mrs. Wilhelmina Chaffers, an
Inmate, began this morning before the
State Lunacy Commission, sitting with
the local board of managers. There
ivere present Daniel Kevane. secretary
.if the State Board of Examiners, who
In the absence of the Governor is the
latter's representative; Assistant At
torney General Post; Dr. F. W. Hatch,
general superintendent of the State in-'
sane asylums; Charles F. Curry, Secre
tary of State; Major John F. Carrere,
secretary of the State Lunacy Com
mission. Or* the local board of managers
there were present Messrs. Hale, Up
lam, White, Greeninger and Curnow.
Aside from half a dozen newspaper
representatives there were no specta
tors. No new facts were developed in
the case. The testimony showed a
looseness in the method of canduc ing
the institution.
The first witness examined was Dr.
1.. E. Stocking, the first assistant phy
sician of the Institution. He testified
that Alexander 11. Underwood, the
basement man, had reported to him
about the 22d of October that an inmate
had seen Mrs. Chaffers helped through
the basement • window by an inmate
employed ln his department named
Cooper. Dr. Sponogle was away at the
time, and when the medical director re
turned he reported the matter to him.
Dr. Chrystal followed with similar
testimony. Dr. F. W. Hatch told what
he had found out by questioning pa
tients.
Mrs. L. Bambauer, the matron,
gave testimony similar to Underwood.
Mrs. Z. B. White, in charge of the ward
svhere Mrs. Chaffers was confined, said
Mrs. Breemen had told her that Cooper
had helped Mrs. Chaffers into the base
ment and had also seen Cooper acting
rather free with Mrs. Chaffers.
Medical Director Sponogle was the
last witness of the day. He was ab
sent from the asylum between October
.'2 and 30 last. On his return home he
was informed of the discovery of Mrs.
Chaffers' visits to the basement to see
Cooper. He took no credence in the
story, but investigated the matter. A
month or so later a similar report, was
made to him. Although he placed no
credence in the story at that time he
Is now convinced that Cooper is re
sponsible for Mrs. Chaffers' condition.
He stated Cooper's mania was an alco
holic one and when sober he was per
fectly sane.
The Lunacy Commission held a short
executive session. Cooper was exam
ined privately and he denied the charge
In toto. Mrs. Oliver, sister of Bessie
Bailey, and several other inmates were
also examined. This closed the work
for the day, and the commission ad
journed until to-morrow morning at 0
o'clock, when more testimony will be
taken. The commission will undoubt
edly finish the work to-morrow-. Their
decision will probably be reserved for
some time.
Several stories smacking of politics
were afloat at the asylum to-day. One
is that Governor Gage intends to de
capitate Medical Director Sponogle and
make a place for a friend of Burns.
This is borne out some by questioning
Kevane, who is the personal represen- ,
tative of | the Governor. ..At several ;
times the 'questions were pointed.
One story is that Dr. Stocking will be
promoted to medical director, Dr.
Chrystal advanced to first assistant
and Dr. G. D. Marvin of Humboldt
County given third place. Marvin was
D the Assembly at the last Legislature
and ardently supported Grant for
United States Senator until the Sat
urday before adjourning, when he flop
ped to Burns. Now he is to be re
warded for this latter act. There are
also rumors that Stocking must go- be
cause of his connection with the Bessie
Bailey case.
DEWEY AND HIS MEN
QUARANTINED AT SUEZ
The Admiral and All Aboard the
Olympia Are in Good Health
and Spirits.
- SUEZ, July 12.— United States
cruiser Olympia from Colombo. Ceylon,
June 28. has been sighted.
Admiral Dewey said he was in very good
health. He appeared to be in excellent
condition, which was also the case with
his officers and men. Most of them have
suffered from malarial fever, but have
now quite recovered.
The Olympia has been quarantined, no
direct communication with the shore be
ing allowed. Consequently the represen
tative here of the Associated Press was
only able to converse with the admiral
from a launch alongside the cruiser. After
passing through the canal the Olympia
will .ill at Trieste. Thereafter the ad
miral's plans are uncertain. Possibly he
will go to Gibraltar and thence to New
York. _ ._ i
The Olympia has entered the canal.
LIVED ON BUT THREE
CRACKERS A DAY
SAN DIEGO, July 12.— Among the ar- i
rivals this morning on the steamer St. j
Denis from Ensenada were six passen
gers who left San Rogue Bay on the yacht
Rambler of San Pedro on June 25, and
who for fourteen days had been buffeted
about in midocean with only six days'
provisions to start with.
• "We had calms and blows and head
winds and fogs," said one of the passen
gers "We left San Roqua» with eleven
passengers and a crew of, three men un
der Captain Crosby, and had on board
provisions for six days.. We Intended to
make Ensenada, where we had to call
to get our -boat's clearance papers, or
otherwise we would not have been al
lowed to land in San Diego or at San Pe
dro, where the Rambler belongs.
"But the weather went wrong entirely.
For days we stood still. Then We were
hustled away out of our course by strong
but contrary winds. After a week had
passed our provisions ran short, and some
of us began to feel ugly. At last we
were reduced to three crackers a day.
Finch McKinney of Demon Grove was
among the passengers on the Rambler,
and his story of their experience is as
follows:
"Eleven passengers left San Rogue on
the Rambler," said Mr. McKlnney, "and
acting on the advice of Captain Crosby
we only took grub enough for five or .six
days, as he was certain we would reach I
Ensenada comfortably within that time.
All went well enough until we had been
nut six days and our provisions were al
most exhausted, and that day we sighted
land. The yacht's bow was turned in that
direction, but when the captain found it
was San Quintin Bay ho refused to go in,
but headed the vessel up the coast.
"He assured us we would reach Ensen
ada the same day, but It was the night of
July 9 before we again sighted land. The
vessel was run close in ,and then we dis
covered we were at D-scans- Bay, about
twelve miles -south of. the Mexican line.
For five days our only sustenance was
onions and water, and nearly all on board I
were suffering from starvation. The cap- |
tain seemed dazed as to what to do, and |
finally the passengers took charge of the
vessel and as the wind was favorable we •
returned to Ensenada," -:;■,
» ♦ ■
Given uway with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing I
FATHER LAGAN IS
AGAIN HONORED
Handsome Testimonial
From Marin.
The body of Patrick Kervin. the well-
I known mining man who died at .the
O'Connor Sanitarium In San Jose on Tues
[ day last, was brought to this city last
i evening and is now in charge of the fam
, fly at the Palace Hotel. Patrick Kervin
| was probably the best known of the few
I old-time- mining men who still are left
j among us.
Born in Mexford, Ireland, he came to
! the United States as a mere boy and at
, once started in to climb the mining lad
{ der, beginning at the very lowest round.
Acquiring proficiency in his chosen
work, he came westward and opened the
, Ontario mine at Park City. Utah, for
Haggin and Hearst. Tbi_ mine alone was
enough to make the owners millionaires.
After spending twelve or thirteen years
with the Ontario mine, he came out to
. the coast, where he has ever since re
' sided,, the trusted employe and valued
friend of such men as Flood. Mackey
I and Haggin. pursuing his vocation all
I over the West, from Arizona In the south
'to Alaska in the north. At one time or
another ha has superintended the Con
| solidated Virginia. Best & Belcher and
Gould & Curry mines; and other prop
erties whet riches are world-famous.
The deceased, who was 61 years of age,
leaves a widow and three children— two
i girls and a boy. He also leaves a brother,
| who is in the mining business at Park
! City, Utah.
1 • The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning from the Palace Hotel at 9:30.
The body will be taken to St. Mary's
; Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
: mass will be celebrated.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. D. C., July 12.— Orders
were given by the Navy Department to
day to rush repairs on the Philadelphia,
now at San Francisco and prepare her for
sea as quickly as possible. The board of
survey, which usually determines repairs
necessary, has been dispensed with, and
i the matter of expense Is not to be consid
ered. At the department, while no defi
nite statement is made, it is said that the
Philadelphia will undergo extensive re
pairs before sailing, but the urgency can
not be fully understood. Tranquillity pre
vails at Samoa and Hawaii and at present
' there is no need for her in the Philippines.
I It may be In anticipation of an outbreak
in South America and the department
1 wants her prepared and to be ready to dis
'■ patch to protect American interests, -he
Interior Department to-day rendered its
decision In the case of ex parte James
Madison, which involves three acres of
land on The Slides. Sitka Alaska Land
District, affirming the. official decision re
jecting the survey on the ground that he
was not using it for manufacturing and
trade purposes. • _»„«„_„
In the case of ex parte John Pollard,
involving 2.0.63. acres called "The Water
falls." Sitka. Alaska Land District, the
survey was rejected on the grounds that
he aid not occupy the land tor manufac
turing or trade purposes and that the
land was not subject to purchase and
entry by him, and the survey must there
fore* be rejected. .
The Dostoffice at San Jose has been al
lowed two additional letter-carriers, to
poftoffice at Hillsdale. Santa Clara
County, has been discontinued. Mall
should" be sent to San Jose
Pensions have been granted as tallows.
California: Increase— Antonio Donatello
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles J8 to $10,
Watson C. Roberts. Chico, $8 to $10; Ben
jamin F. Johnson. Los Angeles f8 to *8.
Joseph Zanoli. Valley Springs. JS to $10.
Washington: Increase-James J. Riffle.
Seattle. $6 to $8; Charles T. Wooding. Ab
erdeen, $6 to $8. .'■~'.L .
Army orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War, the following
named enlisted men. now supposed to be
at the stations designated after their re
spective names, will be discharged the
service of the United States by their re
spective commanding officers: Sergeant
Major Robert W. Roberts Third Bat
talion. Twenty-fourth United States In
fantry. Vancouver barracks. Washington;
Private John R. Saul. Hospital Corps,
Camp McKlnley. Honolulu, Hawaiian
Islands; Private George M. Saul Jr., Hos
pital Corps, Hollo. Philippine Islands;
Private Thomas J. Gowan Fourth Lnited
States-Cavalry, unassigned; Recruits \\ ll
liam v? Ahem, Edward A. Condon,
Thomas P Davis, Michael McDonald.
John \. McPherson Dennis J. McDonald
and Michael J. Tracy, mounted service;
Robert HChapin. Albert Dellert Frank
Dingier, James Dyke. Frank D. Folsom.
John B Goldsplnk, William R. Hoffman
Edward C Ogden, Frank Pit- and Earl
E. Smith, general service, Presidio. San
F pr"va S te°Charles F. Mason, Twenty-third
United States Infantry, unassigned Is
transferred as second class private to the
Signal Corps. He will report to the com
manding general, department of Califor
nia who will furnish him transportation
to the Philippine Islands. __>,_
The discharge from the service by the
commanding officer, general hospital, San
Francisco, of Sergeant Francis A. Co
busier, Company K. First California Vol
unteer Infantry, under general instruc
i tions from this office, is hereby confirmed.
: Discharge from the service of the follow
' ing named enlisted men by the command
ing officer, general hospital, San Fran
' cisco under general instructions from this
office, is hereby confirmed: Private
George H. Belmont. Company H. First
I California Volunteer Infantry; Private
Thomas Malloy, Company X, First Mon
tana Volunteer Infantry. Private Edward
I Orselli Company I, First Washington
i Volunteer Infantry. ~
ALGER SAYS HE
WILL NOT RESIGN
WASHINGTON, July 12.— Secretary Al
ger made. In a report to the Associated
Press, his personal statement concerning
the reports that he is about to resign
from the Cabinet. When asked as to the
truth of the rumors, the Secretary said:
"There is nothing in these reports but,
air " replied the Secretary. "I shall not
ret re this year, certainly, and cannot say
as to the future. My private business
and the state of my health will govern
my future course.
"These constant assaults and repeated
baseless reports are, of .course very an
noying to me and extremely distressing
to "my famllv; but I have never retired
und°r" fire yet. and do not propose to do
so now Nothing that I have ever heard
of or known of has been- so cruel as the
attacks upon me. If my critics can point
to one thing in my official career that I
have done that I ought not to have done,
or that I have not done that I should have
done-, I shall be very glad to surrender
my present official duties."
RUMORS OF TROUBLE
IN THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON, July 12.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Dally Mall says: The
Transvaal field cornets are refusing to
register American citizens unless they
take oath to bear arms for the republic
In the event of war. .
The Americans, therefore, threaten to
become British subjects, so. as to avoid
commandeering. The Transvaal Govern
ment is making representations to Wash
ington on the subject. .
Sierra Road to Angels Camp.
'ANGELS CAMP. July 12.— 1t is now a
certainty that the Sierra road will be-ex
tended to Angels Camp within a year.
Surveyors are mapping out the route and
the work is of permanent character. It
will require the execution of extraor
dinary engineering ability to cross the
Stanislaus River, and the work of grading
and tunneling at that point will be com
menced as soon as the surveyors . have
completed their work. yS:^\
Is Now a Lieutenant.
SACRAMENTO, July 12.— John L.
Hughes, captain of Company F. late
Sixth Infantry, California Volunteers,
which was mustered out last winter, to
night received from the War Department
notice of his appointment to the first Hut
tenancy in the Thirty-fifth Regiment now
being organized.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
PRICE RETIRED
ON A PENSION
AT HIS REQUEST
The Disrated Sergeant
Gives Up His Star.
The Police Commissioners last night de
cided to retire Sergeant Price on a pension
at his own request.
Price was formerly a lieutenant of po- j
lice and was placed in charge of the J
Chinatown squad. Some time ago the I
Commissioners received information that |
he was not attending strictly to business, ;
and he was also accused of corruption.
After a lengthy Investigation the Com- !
missioners decided to disrate him, cvi- j
dently convinced that there was some j
foundation for the charges.
Price has been connected with the' de- j
partment for over twenty years: During j
that time he made a number of brilliant
captures. After being reduced to sergeant !
by the Commissioners he brooded over it, I
and frequently threatened to resign from
the department. He stoutly maintained |
his innocence and declared that not even ;
his bitterest enemies could prove that he j
had ever accepted a cent. while acting as :
head oft the Chinatown squad. Since he ;
was disrated he has been doing special I
duty for the Seventeenth Street Station.
Realizing that he is physically unable
to further perform the duties of police
man. Price last night sent in a written
request to the Police Commissioners ask
ing them to retire him on a pension. Chief
Lees, after the request had been read,
spoke of the excellent work done by
Price, both in Chinatown and in. the Mis
sion, and moved that he be pensioned, j
The Commissioners had no objection and ■
he was retired. !
When seen after the meeting Price said j
that he had asked to be retired as he did I
not feel that his position would allow- him i
to further continue as a member of the j
department. "-'- i- "■
"It is not true that I was forced to re
tire," he said, "although I am satisfied j
that Commissioner Gunst and Lieutenant I
Esola have been striving to get rid of
me. Gunst is opposed to me simply for
the reason that I arrested one of his
friends some time ago. Esola has no use ;
for me because I refused to do his bid- |
ding in Chinatown. I. have served the
city for over twenty years and am glad
of "the opportunity to be retired on a pen- j
sion."
PRISONERS TORTURED TO
EXTRACT A CONFESSION
Six Suspects in Hungary Terribly
Abused Under Orders of the
District Judge.
NEW YORK, July 12.— A Sun cable
from Vienna says; Much attention has
been attracted by charges against local
officials at Mocsa. Hungary, accused of
torturing three men and three women
to extort confessions that they robbed
the communal treasury, a charge of
which they have since been proved in
nocent. The terrible details were not
revealed until now.
When the robbery was discovered the
District Judge ordered twelve ar
rests upon the most trifling suspicion.
One of the prisoners, Stephen Ko-vacs,
upon declaring his innocence, was or
dered to be tortured. His hands were
tied backward to his feet and the com
munal secretary, Melnar, thrashed him
on the abdomen and soles of his feet
until the cane he used was split, and
then the Judge trampled on him with
his spurred boots. Kovacs not confess
ing under this treatment, Melnar ig
nited some spirits and poured the burn
ing liquid over the prisoner's swollen
feet. '
The Judge struck him about the ears
until the unfortunate prisoner fainted.
When he came to, dreading further tor
ture, he said that he had taken the
money and buried it under a tree. A
search of the place designated by Ko
vacs did not reveal the money, where
upon his hands were tied behind his
back and he was hung up by his hands.
He a-ain became unconscious, but was
revived and again thrashed. Then Mel
nar thrust the blade of a penknife un
der his finger nails, causing him to lose
consciousness again. Subsequently,
he was kept without food or drink for
four days. y 9
Other suspects were, similarly treated.
Eventually a blacksmith named Todt.
who had not been arrested, confessed
that he was the thief and restored the
money. In the Hungarian Diet to-day
Deputy Pichler demanded that the Dis
trict Judge be thrashed to death.
» ■
EQUALIZERS GRANT
FEW REDUCTIONS
ASSESSOR DODGE'S FIGURES
SUSTAINED.
Depreciation in Values the Most Fre
quent Reason for
Protest.
The Board of Supervisors sitting as a
Board of Equalization goes right along
listening to hard luck stories and grant
ing few reductions In Assessor Dodge's
assessment figures. The most frequent
reason given for requests for reductions
is depreciation of property values and
rent-producing ability. The board is dis
posing of the big batch of protests on *
hand In a rapid manner at present, but
the big taxpayers have not yet come in.
When they do matters will wax inter-
C \es?erday the following reductions were
granted: Ruth Jost. 2305 Clement, $liH)0
to $660; Louis Ehrenberg, 1044 Howard,
$4000 to $3500: John McDonnell, 138 Castro,
$"500 to $2000; Mark Pashnelll, 1235 Pacific,
$5700 to $2250; John F. Brooke, 2322 Clay,
$2000 to $12-0; Mary F. Templeton, Fruit
vale, $4680 to $3680: Ellen McAvoy, 713 V.
Union, 1630 to $400; John Madden, <36 Treat
avenue, $900 to $600. -,.,
At noon to-day 150 applications were
disposed of. Of that number not more
than twenty were granted, and thus far
only three reductions as petitioned for
were allowed. The reductions thus far
made do not aggregate $51 .w.
The following applications for reduc
tion were denied: . Susanna Tegen, 3109%
Buchanan, $1600 to $1400; Mary Pashnelll.
1235 Pacific, $700 to $500; John F. Cline. 1414
Washington.' $3700 to $2000; Mrs. Emma
Stierlen 628 Sutter. $2000 to $1500; Thomas
Breen, 16 Laguna. $60-0 to $4500; G. Faleri.
1424 Stockton, $600 to $250; Delia Maum,
13 Douglass, $250 to $100; John D. Griffin,
1714-.. Howard. $5500 to $5000; Harris Jo
seph! 1832- Bush. $2250 to $1500. .
MINNIE ADAMS' DEFENSE.
Witnesses Testify That She Could Not
Have Purchased the Poison.
The defense in the trial of Mrs. Minnie
Adams is now engaged in the occupation
of proving that the accused did not pur
chase a bottle of poison from the drug
store at the corner of Geary and Devisa
dero streets on the night preceding the
strange death of her infant son, John
R john r< Tyrrell, father -of the accused,
took the stand and swore positively that
she did not leave the house on the night
In question. It would have been impossi
ble for her to have gone out without his
knowledge, he said, as she would have
had to pass through his room or go out
the back ■ gate, which was so securely
barred that only a powerful man could
open it. Again, had she gone the cellar
way she would have been forced to pass"
a vicious dog. which she would never do,
and again, the dog would have escaped
from his confinement or have made a dis
turbance which would have been heard
by the family above.- Yesterday John j
Tyrrell Jr.. a brother of the accused, cor
roborated his father In every detail. Otto
Lfemck* Charles Trumpower and H. H.
Colby were called to prove minor facts
in favor of the accused, after which the
case went over till this morning.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
IT MUST CARRY
THE COLORS OF
THE SANTA FE
*
The Streetcar System
Changes Hands.
. — » —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 12.
The Santa Fe Railroad controls the vast
electric street railway system of Oakland.
j This statement was made to-day posi- j
lively by a person in authority to apeak. j
It settles the greatest question that has i
been agitated in this city for ten year* I
and insures a development for Oakland
which could never be obtained so long as
but one railroad company controls the
city.
' The recent visit to the coast of W. A.
Bissell. traffic manager of the Santa Fe,
brought out the fact that his road has al
ready considered the purchase of the little
California and Nevada road, which na_ a
valuable franchise from Bryants in Con
tra Costa County to Emeryville. The
Santa Fe, knowing that this road would
be of no value to any other -corporation,
has caused it to be known that it will not
purchase the little, road and carry the
bonds for several months yet.
The latest order of the Santa Fe au
thorities bearing out the statement that
they control the syndicate railroads lias j
1 just been sent out. It is ordered that all \
the cars owned by the syndicate shall be I
painted the same bright yellow color as
is used upon every passenger car of tho i
Santa Fe system from Mojave east.
When It was known that all the street I
cars of the live systems gathered in by
the syndicate were all to be painted the j
same color there was much dissatisfac- \
tion expressed by the people who use
them. The order, however, is unaltera- i
ble, and all cars must conform to the
Santa Fe pattern. So imperative is the :
order that many cars of the Piedmont
system, which had just been painted their
I old blue color, arc now being changed,
I and as soon as possible hundreds of yellow
cars will run all over the city.
Some New York financiers have been
identified with the syndicate ever .since
Banker Henshaw went East two years j
ago to lay the foundation for the con- j
solidation of the various systems then ,
existing separately. The consolidation was )
part of the plan to put the roads on such ;
a financial basis that they could be hand- |
led by the great railroad corporation
which has acquired the Valley Railroad I
1 and which will undoubtedly as soon as -
j possible connect its Point Richmond ttr- I
minus with its street system in Oakland. '
The Realty Syndicate, which also has
long had a New York end to it. has for i
three years been acquiring vast tracts of
land around Emeryville, where six years i
ago Frank M. Smith, the borax magnate '
and president of the syndicate, "built a
i very extensive pier, which- was to have
been the beginning of a ferry system to
San Francisco. Contracts were let at that
time for the construction of the ferry
boats, but the great financial depression
coming along at that time tied up F. M.
Smith and almost led to the bankruptcy
of the Santa Fe. These difficulties have
i long since been overcome, and now every
thing is in perfect shape for the carrying ;
| out of the great plan which was arranged
many years ago.
In view of all that is now known there :
| ran be little doubt that the Santa Fe will
j have a pasenger terminus at Emeryville
and that its vast system of street rail- I
roads will also be so handled as to cen
tralize traffic at that point, rather than
on Seventh street, where the Southern Pa
cific takes up all its passengers to San .
Francisco.
■ ♦ »
A Victory for Mills Seminary. i
OAKLAND, July 12.— Mills Seminary
has won a victory. Recently the old
Hotel Fontaineblcau In the hills near the
seminary was remodeled and changed its
name to the Hotel Stanton. Then It •
found a willing lessee in Joseph Bernard, '
a liquor dealer of Alameda, who Imme
diately petitioned the Board of Supervi
sors for a license to conduct a first-class
saloon at the Stanton. No sooner had
the ladies of Mills Seminary learned of
this than they set to work opposing the
granting of the license. As a result Ber
nard has been unable to secure the re
quired number of signatures to his ap- ,
plication, and now he declares he will
withdraw the same.
Were Too Young to Marry.
OAKLAND. July 12.— Because he was a
minor and had not obtained his mother's I
consent to marry. William Earl Bartlett j
of Sacramento was refused a marriage I
license by Cupid Dean to-day. Bartlett ;
and the young lady he Intended making l
his bride. Miss Mabel Brauns, Journeyed
to this city from Sacramento. The cou- I
ROASTED TO A CRISP
IN A HAYRICK FIRE
HORRIBLE SUICIDE OF AN UNKNOWN
v N unknown man was roasted to death early yesterday morning in a
A hayrick fire on the Piedmont grounds. The Are was of his own making,
and from the material evidences was caused by the firing of a pistol a
hayrick fire on the Piedmont grounds. The Are was of his own making,
and from the material evldenct-s was caused by the firing of a pistol ln
' r~\ the hand of deceased. The haystack contained about twenty tons of
JL JL hay. all of which was consumed about the body of the unknown, burn
ing him to an Irrecognizable crisp.
The flames, which' lighted up the heavens for miles around, were first no
ticed hv Deputy* Sheriff Hitchcock, who was making his rounds on horseback,
at 2:30 a. m. He rode post haste to the scene of the conflagration, but not no
ticing that a human being was perched on one end of • the straw pile, he
sought the aid of Charles Irwin, who lives In the neighborhood, to whom he
thought the hay belonged. Together with Irwin he returned to the sizzling
and crackling hay stack, and the two, assisted by a few others who had col
lected from the neighboring residences, attempted to cut short the mad career
of the devouring flames. They then saw the body of a man in the very midst
of the flames on one corner. of the stack. Hope for the unfortunate was. at this
time out of the question, for he was already a charred and shriveled corpse.
The pile of hay was burned to the ground. In the ashes were found a
scorched pistol, the frame of a pocketbook. a knife of good manufacture, a
bunch of four keys' and pieces of a stone liquor jug. Two of the cartridges in
the cylinder of the pistol showed the indentation of the hammer, and it is pre
sumed that they were fired with a suicidal intent. Three shots were heard just
before the fire was discovered. Miss Booth, the daughter of E. —. Booth, who
resides a few hundred yards from the location of the stack, heard three dis
tinct pistol shots, followed by the sound of crackling flames. All the cart
ridges were exploded, but there are hammer marks'on but two of them.
The body of the deceased was so completely destroyed that it was impossi
ble to discover whether or not any of the pistol shots had been effective In
producing death. The hay was the property of the Realty Syndicate. The
•geieral presumption is that the unidentiled climbed up the rick, set fire to It
with suicidal intent and then, to make assurance doubly sure, turned his pis
tol: upon himself. '
pie were accompanied by Miss Brauns'
father, but the latter's consent was not
sufficient. Bartlett is 20 years of age and
Miss Brauns has just passed seventeen
summers. ■ ' *!;'•'
SEEKS DAMAGES FOR
HER HUSBAND'S DEATH
OAKLAND, July 12.— Mrs. Helen K.
Bladt has filed suit in the Superior Court
against the Southern Pacific Company for
the recovery of $20,000 damages claimed
to have been sustained by reason of the
death of her husband, Christian P. Bladt.
who was struck by a locomotive near
San Lorenzo last July.
According to her complaint the accident
occurred aoout 2 o'clock in the morning
as the deceased was driving from San
Lorenzo toward Oakland. The wife al
leges that after the accident occurred the
railway employes, knowing that Bladt
was unconscious, left him lying on the
highway without summoning proper med
ical attendance or giving any assistance.
The accident and subsequent death is al
leged to have been due to the gross care
lessness of the crew operating the train.
A Correction.
HAYWARDS, July 9, 1899.
Oakland Editor San Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: In your article on the "Poo
bah of the County," you refer to John
Ramage of this town as ex-offlcio License
Collector, Town Marshal of Haywards,
Constable of Eden Township, and County
License Inspector.
Your list is not complete. More lucra
tive positions even than these are im
posed upon Mr. Ramage. He is deputy
postmaster of Haywards. under Postmas
ter Oakes; Street Superintendent of the
town of Haywards by appointment of
Town Trustees: and also Poundmaster by
appointment of the same body.
By making these corrections you will
oblige A READER OF THE CALL.
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND. July 12.— Judge Hall to-day
granted Amelia de Kay a divorce from
William de Kay on the ground of willful
desertion. Alimony was fixed at $20 per
month.
Mary E. Carr has filed suit for divorce
from Geofge Carr, alleging cruelty as
ground for cause of action.
Pastor Claims a Bride.
OAKLAND, July 12.— Rev. H. M. Mo-
Knight, pastor of the Centenary M. E.
Church south of this city, and Miss Mer
cie A. Tuck were married last night at
the home of the bride's parents in San
Jose. Rev. C. B. Rlddick officiated. Rev.
and Mrs. McKnight will make their home
at 2526 Clay street, this city.
BRIDE OF AN
INSURANCE MAN
Musician's Sister Quietly
Married to a Tea
Merchant.
Last evening at the First Unitarian
Church Mrs. Charlotte Clarke Moulder
and Leslie Allen Wright wire quietly
married. Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebblns of
ficiating.
It was a very quiet wedding, only the
Immediate relatives of the contracting
parties being present. Both the young
people are. well known in local society
circles. The bride is the .daughter of
Mrs. Jeremiah Clarke and the groom Is
general agent of the Sun Fire Insurance
Company of London. Mr. and Mrs.
Wright will for the present make their
home at San Rafael. > » _ li'
Miss Caroline Reel, daughter of Mrs.
Regina Reel and sister of Sigmund Beel.
the well-known violinist, was quietly
married yesterday at noon to Mr. P.
Lewis. The ceremony wan celebrated In
the apartments of the bride's mother at
the Berkshire. Rev. Dr. Voorsanger of
ficiated. Only the Immediate relatives of
both the contracting parties witnessed the
ceremony and were guests at the bridal
breakfast. The bride, who is charming
and accomplished, is a great favorite in
her social circle. The happy man Is the
son of Philip Lewis and local representa
tive of several leading Oriental tea mer
chants. -■■■ii -' .
Mr and Mrs. Lewis left last evening
for a southern bridal tour, and on their
return will make their home In this city.
■ » »
Frame Buildings Burned.
Two two-story frame buildings, owned
by a Mr. Podesta, on Franklin street, be
tween Filbert and Greenwich, were par
tially destroyed by fire last night. The
houses were unoccupied and had Just been
moved on the lot. The cause of the fire
is unknown.
■■ » ♦ »
Dinner to Senator Depew.
NEW YORK, July 12.— A dinner was
given to-night at the Republican Club in
honor of the return from Europe of Sen
ator Chauncey M. Depew. Mr. Depew
was the principal speaker.
YOUNG LADY
KNOCKS OUT
RECTOR'S PLAN
Miss Brunker Is Not
Seeking Favors.
— « —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. July 12.
John J. Valentine is not yet free of the
Church of the Advent. The vestrymen
have refused to accept his resignation as
senior warden and are to make an effort
to have him reconsider. This was agreed
upon at the regular meeting of the vestry,
when many other amusing and intricate
problems came up for discussion.
It is a very hard thing to get rid of an
Episcopal rector when he is not willing
to be gotten rid of. Rev. Marshall Law,
although on a vacation with the under
standing that he must resign, and in con
sideration of the payment of $463 60 is still
the head of the church.
One of his parting schemes has been
frustrated by a young; lady. Miss Brunker
has formally stated that she will not ac
cept the rector's parting favor. She will
not attempt to succeed Air. Stalder as cus
todian of the Sunday-school funds. An
other little piece of Dr. Law's policy has
also been upset by the vestry. They have
refused to have Miss Stalder removed as
a Sunday-school teacher because she has
not been confirmed. Her father. Dr.
Stalder,' Is one of the vestrymen and the
rector thought to humiliate the father by
removing his daughter.
Then there are Dr. Law's debts. The
vestry discussed these very earnestly and
some one suggested that a little notice
disclaiming responsibility should be pub
lished, but this was voted down, although
the purport of it was communicated to
the rector's wife.
Another amusing Incident, very typical
of the rector, came to ligfif at the meet
ing. Three weeks ago The Call published
a eulogy from Choir and Nave written by
Dr. Law about himself, and it is now
known that five hundred extra copies of
this self-praise were printed and freely
distributed throughout the East. The bill
came in to the church last night and the
vestrymen declare they will not pay it.
They also passed a resolution declaring
that Choir and Nave does not represent
the church, that they will have nothing to
do with it and neither will they pay bills
for printing it.
The rector is now on his way East and
the last number of his magazine stated
that he would continue to write for it
during his "vacation.'' It is expected that
the next number will contain something
very vitriolic. .'•/'*> :! : .--
And all this petty politics and scandal
in the once . fashionable and wealthy
church which was proud to call John J.
Valentine its senior warden, and in which
John J. Valentine used to sit and read the
loud praises of himself sung by Rector
Law in Choir and Nave.'
Attempted Suicide.
Tom Dalton, a book agent who spends
his occasional hours of sobriety in ped
dling family Bibles, attempted suicide at
the City Prison last evening.
• He was arrested "on Saturday on a mis
demeanor charge, and upon being taken
to the station was found to be suffering
from alcoholism. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and yesterday returned
to the jail. Last night as Turnkey Hlckey
was making his rounds he discovered Dal
ton jabbing himself in the neck with a dull
penknife. He had made several nasty
cuts, but failed to find his jugular. Hlckey
took the knife away and sent him to the
Receiving Hospital, where he was stitched
up. lie gave as his reason for his attempt
upon his life that he was tired of living
and disgusted with his Inability to refrain
from drink.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry. Foot of Market St.
>■ SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:-0, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, J
8:80, 5:10. 6.30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:3. p. m. Saturdays— E.-.tra trips at 1:5.
and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 1:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9.20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
1:40, 5:16 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. - '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .'■ : .- ■;
Leave i i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— — April 16. L — 1 . .
Week Sun- 1899. I S' n- Week
Days. days. Destination. J Jays. | Days.
7:30 am B:oCam Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm ( 6:20 pm
' Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Heald.burg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am GloverdaJe. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 1 Hopland and 110:25 am
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pmj 6:23 pm (
7:30 ami 10:25 am
8:00 am Gueraevtlla. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm 6:10 pm
T:SO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm] 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm^ 6:2- pm ,
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am <
1:30 pm 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pm, 6:2" pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whit. Sulphur Springs; at Lytton >
tor Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- i
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelsevvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy !
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potte' Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. i
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. ]
Boonevllle, Plillo. Christine, Soda Springs, j
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. i&_- '. •
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. :■, ;, ;.;::
Ticket Offices, «50 Market St., Chronicle bld_.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.' i
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
Iht CONTINLNT.
EVERY DAY !*.' THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOUHIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR , HOURS AND REASONABLE
rates. %';>■%.? :':}X>-
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531. v
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street. . --.■-> J
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
J cave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 ». m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same • Even-
•-. ings, Arriving ln S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
■"■ and 4 p. m. ■ • '
Fare, B. F. to Summit and Return. II 40.
THOS COOK-& SON, Agts.. 621 Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JnCARTERS'
siCK HEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills. "'; ij ;£;
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepst-,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per«
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
i Small Price. „
OS___P canc lrS
W X^^^p^^' nd TL ' MORS CURED
l^_i^i^^i_i_L v/oman's breast is
J^_^^^_^^^J^%t ways poison the
%__bC_^ r -^ When the cancer
i *.0 armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Pace and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
• With ma-niais of thousands I hava Cured
S. R. CH/.MLEV, M D..-5 Third St., S. F.
| SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
/V""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-C».«s*Jl<_ *»— & KEABKY ST- KstablU&ed
_W-?r**JKA in t>*s - for the treatment of r'rlvat-
SHiK^Ry? Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
fi2/>KEARXXST Established
In SHS4 for the treatment of i'rtvat-
_tee-_t_s Lost, il- n hood Debility or
iSSsMsS-Vfl disease wearing on body anil mind and
_3nSs_-s£_3 Skin Di-easea. Tbedoctorcnreßwheu
2ra§ra2S_£l<>tberrifi " Try him Charges low,
&q_gt3__%-_{_| (urrnvuarsnli'rd. C'.llorwrito.
I ■>!>*. Jt V *__!BBOSJ- Mn- jys7. Sari Kranclscn
_ ■ _. I
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOIITIIKRN I'Afll'lC C'O.tlPA-fX.
(r_Clfl_ IT-T-M.)
Train* l»nv«< »■•<! «if <!■■« lo nrrl*e -•
HAS' *'l-A»<:i*«'o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
\ __ate — From Ji-nf. 25. 1899. — AIIRTO
?:00_ Brnicia, rtuiaun and Sacramento.... 8»43p
7:-Ua Marvsvillu. Orotllloand Iteddice via
Woodland _«-»P
7:-*\ Elmira. Vacairillß and RiiruSey Bil3_
7_M*_ Martinez. __n 11 iiimn. Vullejo, Napa,
( 'alldtoga ami .Santa Ilos- Oj I .lp
8:O0a Atlantic Impress. (ig.len and East.. ->--«
*i»«»a San .lose. Livermore, Stockton,
lone. KacrariKMito, PlaOfTTlllo.
V irysTi',l -. <;h!cn, lt«l Hl.ifT -«ll»»
Hi„Oa •Milton, «)afcdal.-_ud frtraora 4:13*
9i3oa Ynstmitu Valley via Oakdale and
<.'Uicesc .f :, ? c
9:00 a H-ywar.is. Nilta and Way Stations. 11:13*,
•:UOa Martinez, Tracy Jjitliron, Stockton.
■ten-til n i Fi?kiio 12:13»
| IIiWMA ■___!_, Itakfrsli-l'l. Hanta llarliura,
Los Aosclea, Dot-lag. El F_s".
, New Orleans arid East 6:4."»r
I IO:OOa Vall-jn. U_n_M_ -nil Way KUtloni 7l_S»
1 1 :»n.\ H.xyvrards, Nilea and Way Stations. 2: -3»
|-_:'IOm lies, Livermore, Btoekton. Hacra-
', mento, Mendo_i, Hanford, VisaUa,
j rt.-rrille $*!_*
! •l:OOr Sacramento lt|T«r Stenmera »*:oiip
8:OOl> H-yiTur^n, NiUsaud Way Stations. 3t43»
-iitop Martiuex, Man Ramoii, Vallejo.
| Hap-, __t__o-_> __«_» ltes.l _il(»_
4>«-r Benicla. Vacaville, Kacraiiiento,
Woodland, Knights landing,
: r ' '_-.- MarysvlUe, Orovlllo I»»:43_
4«B(»pNUcs. San Jose and Stockton TjlSp
1 4 •.'.tor Yosemlte Sleeping Car (or Raymond l_:l-_
B-.OOpl'ho Owl. Tracy, Fres-O. Bakers-
field, Saogus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles »i 43.
Mft Stockton, Merced. Fresno 12:13»
•i3op Martinez, .Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mnjavs and l.os Angeles 8«4.1a
j ftiaor Santa Fu Uoute, Atl.tulio Express >
for Moliito find Ea^t '. 6«43p
4i4Wp Chioßgo-San Francisco Special.
and East Bx4sp
•:OOp Haywards. Niles and San Jose 7:45*
j *«:OOr Vallejo.... 18:15»
7:HOr Oregon Express, Kacraiiiento, Marys-
; ville. lreddiuc, Fortlainl, Fugek
Sound and Kast 7i IS*
I t-sOOp Vallejo. Port CosU and Way Sta-
; tlons t * •»••*•»;
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uauftf).
j (Foot of Market Street.) ___^
i 17:45* Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations :Sio3»
8:13 a Newark, Centerville.San Jose, Felton,
" ■• , • - '.■ Boulder Creek, Ortiz and Way
Stations 5»3«»
•StlSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rinclpal Way
Stations MOiS*-
-4:13p San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions x»«_
Mi 1 3p Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlons : ■ /9:204
GREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmS-N fainClSCO— foot of Mlrkat Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. _. !I:C3 *3:00 t3:09
•4:00 JB:00 *8:00
frtiiOi.USD— roolofßioi-wiv.— V!:C0 8:00 10:00*. _.
12:00 *1:00 t3:00 *3:00 t__\ ____».
COAST IMVISION (Broad Uauje).
(Third and Townsond St 9.) -:.. ■■':.'-■■
•8:10 a Ocean View, South S-n Francisco.. *fliBop
•7iOOa San Joso and Way SUtions (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) «8:OOa
t7iS«a Bunday Ficursion for Santa Cmz,
Pncine Grove and Principal Way
SUtions JBi33»
•iOOa San Joso, Ties Pinos, Santa Cruz,
■'• • -/ Pacilio .Grove. Paso Kohles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
I«i4oa Sau.loseand Way Stations 6:834
U:_»A San Jose aud Way Stations li_o_
•8:45 p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Pu'o Alto. BanU Clara. Sun .lose.
Hoi lister. Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacilio Grove 'lOiaHa
*_«3«p San Jose. Santa Cruz, Paci&o Grove
and Principal Way Stations *7iant
j •_:l3p San Principal Way Stations 0:43 %
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:35%
5:80p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *o:<><»_
«:30P San Jose and Way Stations 0:30p
' f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations ____**
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon
•Sunday excepted. J SuuO ay only. * Saturday only;
-Saturday and Sasd-r- /Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
::: • l~v Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1899.
' FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAI__E,
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m-i
•1:15. 3:10, 4:00. *-:00, «:30 n. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and SaU
' Rafael, on I'ondays, Wednesdays, Saturday!
! and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. »9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:31
i a. m.: 1:00. »1:45, »2:30. »4:00, 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sunday*
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sunday-
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. _]
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:40. 7:55, 8:40. n0:2l
; a. m.; 12:30, 2:15, "3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdayi
I and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. •8:00, •9:45. »10:45. nit 4l
! a. m,; 1:00. 2:20. »3:30, »5:15, *-:00. 7:00. 10:11
! p. m. ,
Trains market (•) run to San Quentln.
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS — 5:45, 6:50, 7:55. 8:55, 10:31
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesda
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. ;-■•_;
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.: 12:04
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
.THROUGH TRAINS.
. 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n*
I J-20 p. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way sta'n*
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'na.
—
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows!
| South-bound. North-bound.
1 — <
Passen- 1 Mixed. .- Mixed. Passen-
ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
' I Dally. Exc'ptd * Exc'ptd Dally.
! 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm! 6:00 pm
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
: 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:43 pm
! 11:38 am! 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am l:4o pra
1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am! 1:22 pra
. 12:16 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:60 am 1:06 pra
" Stopping at intermediate poinU aa required
Frvr particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. £31 Market
street, San Francisco.
Il ' '
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Yea*?
IT12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery treet.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 clock.
C 39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 ° clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o clock
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. (
100 Eleventh street: open until » o 0}00?
--2526 Mission street; open until 9 o clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETINGS — Fraternal.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. T. -?--
C -Olficers and members are hereby no- «j4T
Ufied to assemble^THlS
del SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN, Commander.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L E. and A. A
M _ will meet THIS (THURSDAY. -M^
EVENING July 13, at 7:30 o_oA-XX
First degree. By order of the Master. / '_''
first ac « FRANKLIN H. DAY Secretary. _
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — ■.
Special meet'ng THIS (THURSDAY) Jfe
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- J\&,
sonic Temple. 2668 Mission st. Royal f ▼
Arch degree By order of the H. P.
Arcn oeBre JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. A
M , Masonic Temple— Called meeting -J\-
THIS .THURSDAY* EVENING at -30^^
o'clock. First degree. All Masons are /~r >
invited. By order of the W. M
. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179, I. _sj_fcr?M-£i..
O. O. Installation of officers fr .-*__>___
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. t^SSR^
S. H. RICHARDS. N. G. ">Ml*:
E. TOEPFER, Sec. ■
VERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. _«_-__-_:
O. O. F.— lnitiation TO-NIGHT. _Z__SS
Visitors welcome. -^^SSjS--
CHAS. WILSON, N. Q. ______
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v \_f"S».
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- -», %kJJI
ING. Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell "«»_££»
St.. at 8 o'clock. •—_■_
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. FATERSON. Recorder.
MEETING NOTICES.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 18th day of July, 1899, at the
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS. .
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporat & firms, ref.
~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE A GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
gulre tex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-865 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, 15 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS. 1001 Sutter— beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r., reas.; board optional.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, Large front room; running
water: home cooking; also single rms.. $20 up.
POST, Room and board; use of parlor and
piano; $36 and up.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
ROOMS with or without board at 232 Haight
st., near Buchanan: one. $29: two, $35; grand
view; Haight st. cars pass door. ______
SUTTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home cooking.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like child to board: good home.
1415 Lyon st.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
able home for infants; $10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
■ ——————^————— — ——————— -^—— -—-_——
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1500 — COFFEE saloon and, chonhouse. oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours; steady
run all day; old established place; well fur-
nished: a good-paying business; Al bargain.
M. LESS _• CO.. 765 Market st
$2000— CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
horse and wagon; unexceptional location;
value in stock and fixtures; best class cash
custom; big bar trade; proof furnished. M.
LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
CIGAR store; principal street; central;
value In sight; splendid business; actually
given away: investigate; satisfy yourself. M.
LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
jc . corner saloon; heart city, near Market
st. ; stock, fixtures and monthly Income would
- justify investment of 11200; trial given; no
better proof; rare offer. M. LESS A CO., 765
Market st. ."_£
MILK ranch; city limits; 32 cows. 3 horses,
wagons, etc.; large poultry business in con-
nection; old-established concern; 22 cans milk;
private trade; owner has made a fortune
there; place Is coining money to-day; full In-
vestigation if you mean business; must sell.
M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
$250— CORNER branch bakery, groceries, pro-
visions, etc.; 6 living rooms; a more neat, bet-
ter located and better paying store not to be
found in city. M. LESS ft CO.. 765 Market.
$165— SALOON on city front, opposite busiest
wharves, docks and steamer landings; busi-
ness booming; chance in a lifetime. LESS
& CO., 765 Market st.
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO., 917 Market-
Partner wanted for liquor store. Corner hotel.
Western Addition: bar trade alone $20 daily.
' HEALY A CO.. 917 Market st.
A LIST of fine paying grocery stores, branch
bakeries, restaurants, coffee parlors, merchan-
dise stores, city and country hotels, lodging
houses, sold and ex. EITEL. 1008}_ Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in saloon requiring the
attention of 2 men; part cash if desired. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777',. Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business: $15
to $25 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
CANDY store; fine location; doing good
business; parties going to Europe and will
make sacrifice. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
FINE steam laundry; best ln the city; must be
sold. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
SALOON on corner near Market; centrally lo-
cated: must sell.' COWING A CO., 995 Markt.
WANTED— To buy, coal yard; cheap for cash;
location central. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
! AN OPPORTUNITY.
Wanted— An ambitious, energetic saloon
man as partner; old-established location; long
lease; $1000; no agents. Address, in confidence.
, Brewery, box 4554, Call office.
MILLINERY . business; established 18 years;
good city and good location; fine fixtures;
good stock: owner is leaving State; must sell;
value in sight. Call room 2, IC'"7' 2 Market st.
WANTED SaIoon south of market, east of
Fifth; cheap for cash; no agents. Box 4801,
Call office. _^
WANT to exchange acreage for a good rooming
house. Address Box 4588. Call office.
SALOON and lunch house for sale at 150 First
st., corner Natoma: no agents. ;'•-...
ART saloon for sale, or will rent as It stands
without Jap statue for six months or longer,
or will take partner on reasonable terms
suitable to management; sickness necessi-
tates departure; no letters answered.
' FOR ' sale— Coffee, tea. crockery and notion
store for sale; must be told soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st. .
SALOON, best location, water front; account
_[___>__■■ LEMLE. LEVY A CO., 265 2d st.
GOOD opening for business man with little
money. KILLETT. 1309 Broadway. Oakland.
OLD-ESTABLISHED fruit store doing fine
business for sale reasonable. Apply Call Of-
fice. -__ '_ • •
. SALOON; business part of city; proprietor has
other, business to attend; to. 615 Washington.
GROCERY and bar; well Stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN, LUTGEN A CO., 320 Clay st.
HAIRDRESSING store; ; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell; slcknejs. Box 4891, Call.
TO sell or exchange— any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. :<-:.> v Market st.
FOR sale Coffee, tea. ctockery and notion
store for sale; must be i old soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very _ood chance; stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison ' St.,
CLOTHING, boot and eljoe and furnishing
goods business In thrift;' condition; 50 miles
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. Box 4865, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned,
BATHHOUSE at Reddin_; 3 bath rooms and
living rooms: rent $25; cost $1000; will sell
for $650; first-class chance for a barber. Call
. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st. ;
A— J46o' DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market ft.
A— DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice:
saloon with mercantile lunch; established
years rent free; splendid paying; lease; close
to Market and Second sts.; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— ssoo- SALOON, about 50 feet from Call build-
ing, rent $50; doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— s4oo- SALOON, with 3 living rooms; estab-
lished many years and doing a rushing busi-
ness- located between packing and wholesale
houses. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar: very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts ; 'first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
cf sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$860; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion: living rooms: rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket st.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
SALOON with good business ln good location.
Inquire 729 Montgomery St., room 9.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wleland
Brewery, Second and Folsom sts.
FOR SALE— With 6 years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold. in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office. •
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye., Oakland; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds- of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet ('leaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd. ; tel. Mint 310.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MADAME JOHNSON, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium, has arrived and will
hold meetings Thursday, Friday 'and Satur-
day evenings. July 13, 14. 15, Pythian Castle,
909 Market street; admission 10c.
WONDERFUL success; Mine. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings, 50c and $1. 513 Tenth st.. Oakland.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic, BOA Eddy st.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2.V up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. L. CARLS" fortune teller by cards.
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3. '
RESPONSIBLE car 1 reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 2.^c.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S new« :or 5 rents— Th» Weekly Call,
16 pares. In wrapper, for malllne *' n-r -"»r
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS. 1717. near Steiner— Six rooms, bath and
stable: $18.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 9 Priest • St., off
Washington, between Jones and Leavenworth.
. DENTISTS.
X^DRT~TT^iT^HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and mont
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
•$5; porcelain or .gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years: crow.
and bridge work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings. Me; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT th- ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50- up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set cf teeth. $4;. fillings, 25c up; gol_
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 069 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR LUDLUM HfLL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh;, crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings.- 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
387 GEARY st.— Dresses made, $5 up: dresses
made over; perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
. EDUCATIONAL
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers; day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS, COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism. practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred' day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg.. S.F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping,, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low, rates; day,
' even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day A eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PRIVATE lessons given in telegraphy; terms
reasonable. Box 4815, Call Office.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day A night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio; 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, jss mo. ; top flat. 514 Hayes st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years* .experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. ( AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment' Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, n*. Sutter; tel. Black 1.21.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 13. 1899.
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED— FemaIe.,
GERMAN girl j from the East wishes position
as cook or second girl; references. . MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
YOUNG girl desires place as second girl or
plain cooking, or care of children. Call New
Employment office, 761 Market st.
COMPETENT woman for cooking;' or house-
work, American or English family; good ref.;
city or short distance ln country. .Please call
at 474 Jessie st. '. _ . . .
DRESSMAKER— First-class cutter and fitter
tailor-made and fancy suits, would like few
more engagements by the day; will work for
• half price during dull season. Box 4694, Call.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situation
ln private family; city or short distance, ln
country; good reference; will do small wash-
ing. 748 Howard St., near Third.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chll-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper, travel-
ing companion or camp cook. Call GOLDEN
WEST HOTEL, tills St.. rm. 56, bet. 1 and 4.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted in large
rooming house; security and references; thor-
oughly competent and honest. F., 4696. Call.
STRONG girl wishes position to do general
housework and cooking. Please call, at 1914
McAllister, st.
ELDERLY' Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; good cook and housekeeper. 136
Fifth st., near Howard. ;:*
YOUNG lady wishes to give her services for
an opportunity to learn Spanish and small
compensation. Address box 4809, Call office.
MOTHER and daughter would like situations
together; mother as cook and daughter as
second work. MRS. L. J., 1016 Minna St.
NOVA SCOTIA Protestant woman wants house-
work or cooking in private family, city or
country. Call 621 Larkin st.
NEAT girl would like to care for one child or
light housework. Call 1335 Vermont, cor. 25th.
GOOD German girl wishes situation to do
upstairs work or general housework; wages
$20. Address or call at 111 Leavenworth st.
1 DA TOfHUQ 0) c W ass ' ~ Advertising |
| r I nuifO Department wi note that I
1 THE CLASSIFICATIONS ARE NOW ARRANGED IN |
1 riJHAPETICAL ORDER. I
V .-; r../.y, *>>
DANISH girl wishes any kind of work by the
day. 1331 Fulton st. .
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady with little
girl 11 years old wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; best of references; no
! trtflers. Call or add i ess 532 A Sixth St.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do •at
home. 150 Fourth st., rooms 12 and 13.
LADY' wishes sewing and mending at home.
Call 179 Fourth St., room 6. ;
FRENCH dressmaker wishes to go out by the
day in private families. 1315 Powell st.
GERMAN girl wants a place in private
family; general housework; good cook. ■ 11
Folsom aye.. off Folsom st., near Eighth.
EMPLOYMENT by young woman as Invalid's
nur«e second work or housework and assist
with 'children. L. H-. 2419 Harrison st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mending
to do at home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
GIRL wants place taking care children; good
seamstress; reference. 530 Turk st.
WANTED — By a capable, refined woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Box
4840, Call office. _^
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 348 Third st.
AUTHORS MSS. and legal work carefully and
accurately tvpewriten by experienced busi-
ness woman. Address 357 Jersey St.. near
Castro.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard St.. near Fillmore; call 2 days,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
kef 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
WOMAN wants situation: housekeeper: city or
country; or take charge hotel. Box 4866. CalL
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED Male.
PROF WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Sloe" on st.
1 CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414.. O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424.
1 BY young man of five years' experience, quick
and accurate, position as bookkeeper or
clerk; references. Address .Box 4596, Call.
ELDERLY' man would like a place as gardener
or man about the place; years of experience.
Box 4592, Call office. '
YOUNG German lately from Europe wants
position of any kind: only permanent position
taken. Box 4591. Call office. :
PRACTICAL gardener," understands business
in all branches, is a good horseman, wishes
situation. Address Box 4586. Call office.
! ELDERLY German wisnes a place as bar-
keeper in a hotel or saloon, city or country;
wages moderate. Box 4582, Call office.
j HONEST boy wants to help around a hotel,
city or country. Address 32 Second st.
I BUTLER with first-class references wishes
position. Box 4597, Call office.
YoUNG man desires position In office: consid-
| erable clerical experience. Box 4585, Call.-
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
with the best of references, who understands
the care of fine horses, cows, garden work,
is handy with tools and has porter experience,
desires position. Box 4810. Call office.
YoUNG man wants situation as porter in ho-
tel or store; city or country: excellent testi-
monials; wages moderate. Box 4599.- Call.
WANTED— A position in wholesale house by
an honest, sober and Industrious young man,
not afraid of work. Box 4820, Call Office.
MARRIED man who Is willing to work wants
a position by the year as foreman on a fun
or ranch; is capable of taking charge; refer-
ences given. . Address GEO. E. RICE. Rio
Vista, Cal. ■
AN honest young man of good character wishes
to learn the hardware business; best of ref-
erences furnished. Box 4819. Call. ■■-''■;:
POSITION as collector; 10 years' experience;
reference and bonds. ' Address Collector, j box
4823, Call. '■ ■ ■
BAKER on cakes and bread Wishes position;
experienced. Address 2017 Bush st.
WANTED — Window or house cleaning or other
work: have 8 hours every day to spare; city
reference. ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st., tele-
phone East 963.
WANTED— Position as night watchman by
married man. aged 48; references. A. WEIN-
GENT, 916 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, host-
ler or to do general work around place: city
or country: references. Box 4851, Call office.
POSITION wanted in Turkish bath sanitarium
or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing to . stand
examination. Address box 4879. Call.
_____„ ___ __^__
BOWIE aye.. — A flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a small family. -
BUSH, 1209%— 4 rooms; rent $10; water
free. Apply 12118 Bush st. '
FLAT hunting made easy ■ with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. *-
FULTON, 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath ;
near City. Hall; $16. ■.■•..  . ■ - •.
HARRISON.- 704, near Third— Nice comfortable
sunny flat. . 5 rooms and bath: $16.
NEW flat, 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
, stable; rent $18. .38 Sharon St.. between Fif-
teenth and. Sixteenth, Church, and Sanchez.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room. flat; modern improve-
ments: rent $17: water free.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant— . sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 8. \
SEYMOUR aye., 18, off Golden Gate, near
Scott — Handsome new ' sunny flat; 6 rooms
and bath; $25; In beautiful order. '
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat; modern; rent $15: water free.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; -large, flower
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
FURNTTURj_ FOR " SALE. .
TAPESTRY. | Brussels . carpets, laid and i lined,
50c. ; Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton »V
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range.. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED—
4 GOOD male or female solicitors. Room 63.
Flood building Sunday, - 3:30 to ' 4:30; Mon-
day. 12 to 1. ________________•__-
HELP WANTED — Female.
"C. R. HANSEN A C 0........ Phone Grant 185"
12 waitresses for Santa' Cruz. Pacific Grove
' and other resorts. $20; waitresses for Porter-
ville, . Stockton. Chlco,^ Bakersfleld. Santa
Rosa, Woodland. San Mateo, Glen Ellen. Ross
Valley, $20; head waitress, city, $25; 2 wait-
resses, city,- $20; 3 restaurant waitresses. $5
and $6; woman cook for Institution, princi-
pally : bread and pastry. $30.
» FAMILY ORDERS.
Scandinavian nurse : girl who can do some
sewing. $30.i must have references, see party
here this forenoon. .C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st. . ' .
GERMAN or Swedish cook (fine place), $25;
ranch cook, $20, fare paid; cook. Belvedere;
$20 ; woman to cook for harvest crew of 0
men. $1 day: nurse girl (will have good home
in small American family). $10; and many
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 FANCY' lroners, $30, and mangier, $15. for
city; polisher, $30.' for country; fancy lron-
ers, country. $25 and $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. _v .
WANTED— for hotel. $30; ironer for
laundry, $35; 2 German cooks, no wash. $30;
girl for Sausalito. cooking and some house-
work, no washing. $25. fare paid; girl for
Belvedere, housework. $20; cook, country ho-
tel, $30, fare paid; second girl and sewing,
country. $25; meat and pastry; cook for deli-
cacy store, $40;. cook, also nurse, $2o each,
same house; 1 German. 1 Scandinavian sec-
ond girl, $20; 10 waitresses, city and country.
$20; girls for housework, $20 and S-2o: young
' girls, $15.' Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
A FANCY Ironer; 130; city. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter St. ■ ' -.
GERMAN cook, $35. MISS^CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— 4 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country notels, ' $20 and $25 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK for private boarding house. $25; cook, 4
in family. $20; girls for cannery; cook, $15,
no upstairs work; girl for light housework;
and others. NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
751 Market st.; telephone Black 3911.
WAITRESS, springs, $20; steady Job. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St.. room 12.
MlLL' Valley— American or Irish girl to do gen-
eral housework and cooking in small family
of adults; wages $20; none need apply unless
willing to be generally useful and contented
in the country. Box 4590, Call office.
ANY lady having 2 or 3 hours' spare time a
day can make $5 weekly working for us at
home; nothing to sell; send self-addressed en-
velope for free sample. MANHATTAN E. M.
CO., 101 Beekman st.. New York. '.
WANTED— Young girl or middle-aged woman
to assist with light housework, 2 children.
1649 Mission st. _:.'j >.'.•;
GIRL to do cooking and assist ln housework.
243 Fourth st. after 9 o'clock.
GIRL for general housework; 2 in family; $10.
Call forenoon at 1116 Devisadero st. ■ ■' .-;;. ?» :
WANTED— A lady who understands florist busi-
ness. Call at 500 Haight st.
YOUNG lady for a trip to the country to take
care of Infant. Box 4587. Call office.
EXPERIENCED girl for general housework;
must be good cook. 2418 Gough st.
EXPERIENCED srirl for . candy store. 250
Third st., from 11 to 12 a. m.
GERMAN second girl for Oakland, $20. Call
.11:30 to-day at 418 Powell st.
GERMAN girl for housework; 'good place; $20.
41S Powell st.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework 451 Guer-
rero st.
YoUNG girl to assist with light housework and
children. 1303 Page St., near Lyon.
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders wanted: also 2
apprentices. Apply at 605 Montgomery st.
ELDERLY* lady for housework. 62 Ellis st.
APPLY immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd.. Brannan St.. between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan Bt., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Strong girl. 16 or 17, to assist in
light housework: references required. Call
immediately 714 McAllister St.
GIRL for general housework and cooking in
small family; reference. 730 McAllister st.
WANTED— girl for light housework;
must sleep at home. 720% Ivy aye.
WANTED First-class cook; must understand
German cooking: city references. Apply 2211
Washington St.. bet. 10:30 and 11:30 and 2 and
3 to-day.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to assist In
light housework. 2930 Octavla St., corner
Greenwich.
WANTED— girl or woman for general
housework In small family; no wash; easy
place and : good home. Call, , after 9 a. m.,
106 Grove St. '
AGENTS wanted— Ladles, gentlemen; benevo-
lent work. -606 Montgomery- st., room 16.
GOOD -reliable woman for general housework
and cooking. Call. bet. 1 and 3. 925 O'Farrell.
OPERATORS on waists and . wrappers; good
nay; -steady work. NEWBAUER BROS., IS
First st. ■ . . ,v' ..' ,
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment.- Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO.. 32% Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
RELIABLE girl to help with housework; care
of children; good home; moderate wages. 739
Shrader St. .••"<:-
HELP WANTED MaIe.
WANTED— IO laborers for sawmill. $26 to $35
and board, fare advanced; 6 woodchoppers
for mine, $150 cord; 2 carpenters for mine,
$3 day, fare refunded; 6 quartz miners. $2 50
day; man and wife for a sanitarium; 6 gravel
, miners, $40 and board: 20 scraper teamsters.
- $2 'day; 15 laborers, $2 day; farmers. $25 month
and $1 50 day: 3 blacksmiths, $2, $2 25 and $2 SO
day: blacksmith helper, $1 50 day, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED Cook, small country hotel, $30. fare
advanced: cook, country boarding house, $40;
hotel ' baker.' $35 to $40; 'waiter for country
hotel. $32; silver man, $7 week: restaurant
waiters, restaurant cook, $10 to $12; choreman
! for resort, $16; dishwasher, country hotel;
nnd others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st. * ,
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton St.— waiters '
and a second cook for springs, Lake County; j
waiters, city, $25: dishwasher, for. camp, $20, 1
fee and fare: refunded; porter, for restaurant, j
$25; porter and cook, lunch saloon, $6 a week; j
young man as assistant waiter, $25; 4 lroners, |
city and country, $30: 2 choremen, for resort, 1
see party 9 a. m., $15; man to milk and make
' butter, $30, etc. ■■.'.'.■■
TEAMSTERS, shovelers; drlllmen; 40 labor-
ers ; cook, for small place ; ■ shingle-sawyers
night cook, short order; young man for Insti-
tution's dining-room; 5 solicitors and others.
NEW . EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market
St.. telephone Black 3911.
SECOND cook. $8 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER, $25 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly mad.
1 'after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal art; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. : MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St. , ' .
WANTED- First-class blacksmith's helper. Ap-
i ply ; GRAY ' BROS.' : blacksmith, shop, corner
; Green ■ and Sansome : sts. , .
WANTED— Steady active man for a genuine
business ; can make fine wages; small capital
required. Room 2. . 917 ; Market st.
HELP WANTED —
FARE PAID .'.....:. .'..FARE PAID
WE WANT HELP ••-
For Hawaiian Islands," Oregon, Washington,
Arizona and all parts of beautiful California,
wages $6, $5, $4, $3 day: also 2 cooks for
Philippine Islands. MURRAY j & READY.
634-636 Clay St. •
HAY AND HARVEST HELP ..
$2 50. $2. $1 50 and $1 25 day. MURRAY A
READY, 634-636 Clay st. ; : ■■■ ' ■
7777.77. FOR A CALIFORNIA BANK ..
3 four horse teamsters..: $35 and found
10 laborers, no experience required. $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FREE ....TT FREE ....FREE
To ever.- railroad In the States of California.
Washington, etc. ; tunnelmen. laborers, team-
sters, hammermen, etc. ; wages from $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO WASHINGTON STATE...... FARE PAID
10 laborers, no experience required
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
"NO MONEY WANTED """U'V,';^^
.WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO .*."......... 14 SAWMILLS FREE
Anybody and everybody wanting work, we
will give you a position with these great
sawmill syndicates; wages $90, $65. $45. $35. $30
and $26 and found: come see us. men and
strong boys. MURRAY A READY. 634-63b
Clay st. .
FREE FARE FREE FARE
GOVERNMENT WORK
9 CARPENTERS... .9 CARPENTERS
8 hours day, 6 months' Job; wages $3 day; 14
carpenters' for different Jobs for ranches,
mines, shops, etc... $3 day and $52 and found:
MACHINE AND SHOP BLACKSMITHS
: AND MACHINISTS '.
Machine blacksmith - . : _ .$3 & day
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers, etc.. $2 50 and ._
day; also helpers and boys to learn: cabinet
makers; machinist. $2 50 day
Mill bench hand; 10 bridge carpenters,
steady Job, $45 and found. MURRAY &
J READY. 634-636 Clay st.
...... .FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC
184 farm, orchard and, vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs, $35. $30, $26, $25 and $2» and found
19 milkers and butter makers, $30 and $2o ana
found ____._.■_:
r... CHOREMEN AND BOYS
12 choremen and boys for farms, etc., $30, $28,
$26, $20, $15 and $10 and found: also fruit pick-
ers, stablemen, gardeners and wives
Laborers, $60 Fare. 30c. .....Laborers, $60
Help for street railroad work.,
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
7...... BUTCHERS 7
$52. $30, $25 and found, good steady Jobs
Furnace help ___V~ V
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES 12 MINES GOOD MINES
83 laborers, no experience required, $2 50, $2 40,
• $180 day and $60, $50, $40, $30 and found
12 miners, come and see u5.....: $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS...... SAWMILLS
250 men, different work, $70, $65, $60, $50, $40
nd found ■
Every class of help wanted
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WORK IN SAN FRANCISCO
3 foremen, grading gang 5. ........ Good wages
3 milk wagon drivers $25 and $20 and found
4 stablemen, different city and country Jobs...
.$25 and found
20 iaborers..s2, $1 75 day,'. $30 and $26 and found
12 laborers, manufacturing company ....'
$26 and found
6 laborers, board home $175 day
Boss here.....Section R. R. help Boss here
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. BAKERS
Cook for 9 men on a dredger $40 and found
17 cooks, different Jobs
.$5O, $45, $35, $30 and found
12 waiters, $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers. $25. $20,, $15 and found
12 bakers, also second and third hands, assist-
• ants and boys to learn, $40. $35, $30, $25, $15
and found » ■■•••
PORTERS. LAUNDRYMEN. BARTENDERS
Second and third cooks, boys. for city stores..
MURRAY' A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS
WE WILL GIVE
SITUATION FREE. . . . : .TRANSPORTATION
FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer Or
teamster at wages of $1 75 and $2 a day.
<-. R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
■ 104 GEARY' ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
50 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75. to $2' 50 per day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO_
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
- 101 Geary st
RESTAURANT baker. $60; hotel baker, $40;
pastry baker. $35; short-order cook, country
restaurant. $50; 2 cooks, country restaurants,
$40 and room; second cook, plain hotel, $35;
second cook, small restaurant. $8 a week; res-
taurant butcher. $50: pantryman, summer re-
sort, $30; pantryman, springs, $20; vegetable-
•man. springs. $20; potwasher, springs, $20;
dishwasher $25, potwasher $25, same country
hotel; 2 waiters, country hotels, $25.
Neat bellboy with references, country hotel,
$15 and free fare. C. R. .HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. .--.'. __
BLACKSMITH, sawmill, see boss here $45 and
found; harness-maker. $30 and found; 3 car-
penters, $2 50 to $3 a day; 2 men to lay dry
stone, city, $2 a day: farmer and wife, $35
and found; driver, milk wagon, $20: 2 farmers,
$22 50:- grocery clerk, $20 and found. C. R.
•H A SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 COLORED waiters, fares advanced, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LEIDEKEIT, formerly assistant bath man at
Del Monte, wanted at C. R. HANSEN" ' &
CO.'S, 104 Geary st. •_
NO OFFTCE FEE.
FARE ADVANCED.
WANTED,
40 laboring men, no experience, for a con-
struction company. $2 a day; board $4 a week;
3 months'. Job; call at once.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE. f
50 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road. $1 75 a day and $25 and board per
month. C. R. HAN SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Two tinners. 1144 Folsom st.
WANTED — Experienced trunk maker. Apply
at 946 Howard St., HARBAND BROS.
GRAINER wanted. 117 Castro St.: 22 rooms.
TINSMITHS and sheetlron workers. GEORGE
H. TAY CO.. 616 Battery st- ' q;_-/-
WANTED— Man to work ln nursery. Call 500
Haight St. . ;
YOUNG man, real estate office; salary $10
weekly; $100 security required. Box 4583, Call.
SOLICITOR for milk; wages and commission.
147 Fifth st., S a. m. or 12 to 1. , -..-•.
TAILORS on custom coats. 40 Ellis St., room
54. J
YOUNG boy to wash dishes; wages $10 a
month and room. 611 Larkln st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at Grand Hotel barbs*
• shop, 5 New Montgomery st.
MILKER for Merced; $25 month; fare paid.
418 Powell st.
2 BARBERS wanted; steady. 797. Mission st.
DISHWASHER, who can cook short orders;
call early. 1008 Hyde. •
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
• after 8 weeks' practice; ' only Institution
teaching the tonsorlal art; call or write for
free illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S Barber
College. 635 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED solicitor for advertisements
and subscriptions for a shipping and com-
mercial paper. Box 4803. Call. j. ;'
BARBERS— Good shop .in country for sale
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
SAILORS and . ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 604. 506 Davis st.
. _, ; . ,
PENSIONS and claims against U. S. See
SHERWOOD, room 612. Examiner building,
San Francisco.
BARBER shop In lively country town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye. -
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates,' 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
MEN can learn' barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving In students' department.
WANTED— A first-class barber; single; with
good references: $35' per month and - found.
Address C. WALSTAB. Wadsworth, : Nev.
FOR sale— Good 1-chair- barber shop; 3 living
rooms; cheap. 31 Telegraph aye.. j Oakland.
TO gc this week— soo pairs-men's shoes, some
nearly new, from ; 50c to $1 60; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
FOR sale — A • first-class barber shop doing - a
fine business In a city of 4000 population in
California; price less than cost of fixtures;
part cash or will sell on terms to suit buyer.
Address box 4868, Call office. _
A SOLICITOR that, has some knowledge of
mines. Apply room 28.. Columbian building,
916 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 662 Mission st.," between Ist and 2d sts.
TEN ladles. 10 gentlemen , canvassers for New.
Life Stomach Tonic; grand - inducement for
; well-dressed conversationalists. 2 to 3 p. m.,
41 Hardy st. . ■.::;:->;._•: v.^.;; ' . ,
HELP WANTED — !..
EXPERIENCED dishwasher at once. 315
Grant aye. ; ' -'■".'
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid: cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
.built at Sunol ..by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables, Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work : t
Sunol. ' - - . • _■
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for " railroad . bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2.' TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen a"nd team-
sters on ■ railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery St.- " - '
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
•Valley Road. '• ■
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast, and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— men to find clean, central, cheap
rms.. 2.V. 50c night; hkpg.. $1 25 up. 83 3d st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S,_ Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863 _ Market St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; tree
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poptaee paid. _■
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
FOR sale— Young work horse; sound and gen-
tle.- Apply at J47 Fifth st.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work hcrses. Chase A Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killip A Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
JUST arrived— large horses and car-
load medium size, broke and unbroke, at
J. D. HORAN'S, Tenth and Bryant sts.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
i FANCY' carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
« HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
15-ROOM house on Fourth st. ; only $ 275
26 rooms; corner house S6O
14 rooms on O'Farrell st.. 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
31-ROOM: fine location; offer wanted; don't
fail to see this bargain. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
18 ROOMS; $250 cash: interest IV4 per cent. $650.
14 rooms; near Post st 650
16 rooms; clears $50; ._ cash 700
20 rooms: exchange for small house.... 1,600
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON A CO., 1026 ?JARKET ST.
12-ROOM house; north of Market St.; rent
$40; clearing $50 per month. R. G. WILKIE,
906 Market st.
A— 2B ROOMS; rent $80. At 20 Turk st. or
SPECK A CO.
$550 — LODGING house; 16 rooms; .departure
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 Mkt.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71, Call.
POLK, 15— For sale, cheap, furniture 17 rooms;
must be sold this week. : • '
FOR sale— Nice sunny house. 9 rooms, for sale
cheap: south Market. Call for 1 week 739
Natoma st. :. rent $20. - -V-'^-V
HOUSES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 870— House of 10 rooms; upper. part;
rent $20. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with tlje printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. -•_ ■ - .■■■,_■;.:
VERY fine house, in perfect condition: 3386
Twenty-first' st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms;
rent very reasonable: see it. E. G. DENNIS-
TON, 3454 Twenty-first st. '
VERY pleasant" house, In perfect condition: 3386
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable: see it. ■
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST, Saturday— A black silk shopping bag,
containing small picture and other, articles.
Return to Fleckenstein Medical Institute,
room 56, Parrott building; reward. ■■_..■-.;.-,
LOST— Certificate of deposit No. 62,561, Nevada
Bank. $300: payment has been stopped; all
persons warned against negotiating it; re-
ward. C. P.. 411 Taylor st.
$20 REWARD— Lost; gold bar pin. set with
diamonds. Above reward will be paid for re-
turn of pin to room 27. fifth floor, Mills bldg.
LOST— terrier dog: license No. 1552. Super-
intendent's office, California and Market sts.;
liberal reward. _• .
LOST— passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ETTA LULU BERNSTEIN; No.
231-304. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARIA F. CUMMINGS: No. 109-791.
227-119. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Passbook No. 61,601, Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society, in the name of MICHAEL
HARLEY'. Finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Stanford N. S. G. W. badge. Reward
at Call Office. L. F. GOLDER. .
LOST— Saturday evening, bet. Green, Vallejo,
Stockton and Mason sts., purse, money, pa-
pers. Send purse and papers. .A. HANNA.
1600 Mason st.
LOST— Purse;. letters M. C. ; on New Montgom-
ery; containing Jewelry and money. Fin<*er
will receive reward by returning to MRS. D.
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth, Oakland.
FOUND CoIIie dog; owner have same proving
■ property. • paying charges. 214 Fourth aye.,
12 O'clock.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere? they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used: satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
6t., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment
only. ' ■■•:■'
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all.
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used: cure at office,
$5: home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. -Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women-
-50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home!
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2. i\f.-___ ■-_.__.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
' cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort- and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female ■ troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. ■
-A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully, more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free; call .or write. 1023.. Market st.
ALL female complaints cured. in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, and sure: maternity
home; no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 228 Van Ness aye. -
LA Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other: : send 4c ■ stamps . for . particulars;
\ 'Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
J MEDICAL. ________
-_T~wo»?G~WOCr~nerb doctor: Chinese tea and
D herb sanTtarium. 764-766 Clay st San Fran-
herb sanitarium. <64-7»>6 _ia> .'.\. y.- ,-„■
<£■ all diseases" cured exclusively by cm
nese herbs over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 1 to J _•__"; ; _ ■
ALPEAU'S French', pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50.
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
T~mr~lnd MRS. SILVA. 2151. Mason st —
Private home in confinement: ladies' friend
in trouble. Terms reas.; and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe 'and
D efficient cmmenagogue: $1 P e p r * sole a £_ .
ARDS A CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, -»- -_<.=».
ELECTRO massage for sexual debiUt£ ner-
vousness and rheumatism. DR. A. F-KE-ni
NISS. 11? Eddy st.. will tend to sour case.
„« AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye; private home In confinement; . babies
adopted into good homes. ■
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: Pleasant^ sunnyjjonv.
in confinement. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.-Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back. up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl -
eases of the human body. 11- Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The -Weekly
Call. 16 pages, «nt -to any address In tne
United States postpaid, for $1 per . ear.
* MISCELLANEOUS
WANTEI>7('aII route in or near Oakland. Ad-
dress box 777. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED-To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. I_. w.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines. .d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and oc-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
A NEAT pair of genuine diamond screws for
$15; worth twice the money. UNCLE HAK-
RIS, 16 Grant aye.
NO 1 fresh young cow; 20 quarts rich milk day;
gentle; a pet. 1312 Folsom st.
NEWFOUNDLAND. St. Bernard. pedigree
Scotch collies, terriers of all descriptions on
hand. 236 Montgomery aye.. cor. Broadway
NEWFOUNDLAND. St. Bernard. Gordon set-
ters also Scotch, fox, skye bull and bull ter-
rier' pups. 236 Montgomery aye., nr. Brdwv.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; almost new; oak
finish; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
BOILERS, engines, lathes. planer band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
CAMERAS and photo supplles-A full lln<_
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant: 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine.
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h p. $125 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., -27 Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains ln new and second-hand, all
_!___: half original st 109-111 Market. S. _• ■
MONEY TO LOAN. .
TRUSTS, combinations company formation In
England of American industries— An Influen-
tial London group Is prepared to act for own-
ers of first-class established businesses locat-
ed In the United States, by converting them
into companies in England under highest aus-
pices on reasonable terms. Trade amalgama-
tions confidentially negotiated; no undevel-
• oped patents or mines entertained: highest
references given and required. Reply IN-
DUSTRIAL TRUSTS, Palace Chambers.
Westminster, London. ■
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth ; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. HILL, 44, Merchants' Exchange.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK.' 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned ■ salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY', 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you- need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are tha
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous.
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other- musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the"
customer. ' __'".
HAINES BROS Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all- W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next to Hibernia
Bank.
OUR specialty is renting pianos, organs, tl.
SCOTT. CURTAZ. 560 Hayes St.
AT $127; Steinway upright left by party golnj.
East. 136 Ellis st. _^^^
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216. McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS Another big lot pianos put on
- . sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
R. A. DANIELS Is now With BYRON
MAUZfY. 3Q3 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos 308
Post st. ■ .:..-;■;--:■
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
. MULLER,*maker. repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES— To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor St. .
$50— Valencia St., corner Sixteenth. '
$35—859 Mission St., near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery avenue.
$22 50—836 Howard st., near Fifth.
$17—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison st., corner Langton.
$20— STORE NW. cor. Post and Baker sts .'
with fixtures; complete for a grocery; 3 rooms
in the rear: a fine concrete cellar: water free.
. OPTICAL GOODS. "
. MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, sore. Inflamed, itching, watery burning
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves- by
mail 50c. German Optical Institute 1071U Mar-
ket, S.F. Wanted-Reliable agt. in every Stata.
PALMISTRY. ~~
MME. NEERGAArTETp-Pll^^
main. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
TO __S- fa -,l s A n your hand; children half price
MME. GERMAlNE^_9o^Market at- .room 2.!
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist 916
Rush st., between Taylor and Jones.
PERSONALS. ~"
WANTED- Responsible party to adopt intelli-
gent boy of 8 years; speaks German and Eng-
lish; satisfactory reason for request' refer-
ence If wished. Box 4808, Call office."
L ~ D E K .o S _ Quintonica " makes the hair glossy,
removes dandruff, cleanses the scalp; 35. bot.;
Foamo snampoo. 5c pkg. 123 ■ Stockton st. '"
TH _ C r l . E _« i ? °*? l one LEDERER: his artistic,
up-to-date halrdressing, costs only 25c: L-der-
er s Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. ; switches. $1
. up; longest hair rolls. 30c. 123 Stockton st.
L^. E »"s" r ance^ policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
j Agent, International Hotel.PERSONALS.
__r___?v__N HALE MILLER, heirs
of the Douglass estate, .ire hereby notified
that their legacies will be paid Monday, Aug-
ust 14, 18M, at Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES— The Equipoise waist has no equal;
Miami underwear. OBER'S, 34 Geary st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
cat pet twine, in hank 01 chain, at lowest
■atea. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. |
. ICE— Any Information disclosing the lden-
ty of the parties who sold liquor to COR-
NELIUS MANNING (the man who threw a
0.-;hted lamp at his mother) while Intoxicated
•Oil be greatly appreciated If sent to E. L.
. ADHAM, Secretary of the Eureka Society
for the Protection of Children.
HIST and poker club now organizing for
lies aiid gentlemen; references exchanged.
Lx 4562. Call. '
.'.o—looo CARDS, statements, bill or note
:eads; catalogue printing. BEETS Printing
.louse, 511 Sacramento st.; teb Main 1836.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Law a Specialty.
f-'an Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
tree 'Wus and baggage to and from the terry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St.. near ' Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post st.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.:
Office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion, guarantd. Dr. Gordin.sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Fclsoni st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits;' $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market St.: open evenings
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI. 313 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for m.-inufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 o-Farrell, bet. rowell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Week! Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. ODONNELL. office and residence.
102 m Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT wanted— The best lot that about $100 will
buy; In San Francisco or around bay, but
not over '45 minutes' travel to Call building.
Address b0x.4567. Call office. -
PSYCHO.METRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psyehometrlst;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals by laying on hands. l-'.'A Eddy.
J; REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
COMBINE PLEASURE WITH BUSINESS:
SECURE A LOT FROM US AT A BARGAIN.
$400 to Sunset and Richmond lots graded
and ready to build on, $25 down and $10 month-
ly. __ __ {
$700 to $1100— beautiful 5-room cottages
near Mission Electric Car line, on easy terms, j
$150 to $300— Ocean View Boulevard lots. $10 i
down and $5 monthly.
$100 to Level Ocean View lots, $5 month-
ly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
$3750— $600 CASH, balance monthly; large cor-
ner on Dolores St.; new residence of 7 rooms
and bath; cost owner {4500; must be sold.
$4750— 5500 CASH, balance monthly: reasonable
Interest; can have option of paying any sum
above amount agreed upon, as this is not a
building and loan proposition: new residence
of « modern rooms and bath, electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat throughout; large lot;
grand view. Apply 232 Liberty st., near
Dolores. _
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. ■
Valenc-ia-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot: fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third St.. corner San Jose aye. with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts; corner, with improve-
ments, $6700.
$5500— ELEGANT new house, 10 rooms; Spruce,
near Clay; marine view; terms to suit; ev-
erything modern.
$600 CASH, balance on time; new corner 4-
rooms bay-window house, stable. 1439 Shot-
well st.
$1700— NEW house: brick foundation; 9 rooms
and bath. SPECK. 6.7 Market, St.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly-
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $_,
postage paid. ■
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold, to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised la dry season of 1597-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st., S. F.
FOR sale or to let— Small ranch; good place for
chickens. 46 Prosper st.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM A CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages,- sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange 4o-acre unincumbered
apricot orchard In the famous early fruit belt,
14 miles from Vacavllle; trees Just in bearing
and all on Myrobolan root; splendid oppor-
tunity to secure profitable property at very
low figure', as owners are non-residents and
desirous of concentrating their interests; price
$7500; one-tn.rd cash, balance on easy terms,
or will exchange for acceptable city property.
For full particulars sddress HORACE STEV-
ENS, Vacavllle.. Cal.
C
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO. 429. rear— 2 private sunny unfurnish-
ed; large yard; stable optional; cheap.
EDDY, 917—2 nicely furnished connecting use-
keeping rooms; low rent to quiet, permanent
tenant; private residence; no children.
ELLIS,' 62— Sunny front rooms for light house-
keeplng. $10 to $11 per month.
ELLIS, Front, sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; all newly furn-
ished: also unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH. 149... nr. Howard— l double sunny front
rm.. $8 mo.: 1 hskpg., suitable for 2, $6 mo.
FILLMORE, 2908. near Clay— 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404-3 neatly fur.. 2 front,
with clobets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
HOWARD, 528. bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 719',., nr. Third— Two frnshed rms.;
hot, cold, wat.; bath; private family: $9 mo.
LARK 804— Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
' furnished or. unfurnished, $8 50; small sunny
room, furnished, • $4. '
MINNA, 2S— Sunny housekeeping rooms, suit-
able for 4 persons, $1 50 per week.
MINNA, -11%. nr. 2d_-FurMshed hkpg rooms,
$1 25 per week; also cheap single rooms, j
MISSION, 839— Large sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $2 a week.
MISSION, 1125._, near Seventh— Housekeeping,
large front room $2 per week; back room, $1 70.
MISSION, 1129— Clean.' sunny housekeeping
and other rooms; cheap.
NATOMA, 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$8 a month. ■ "
OCT AVI A, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay win-
dow, kitchen, gas stove, $12; also bay win-
dow, $8.
PROSPECT place, 123; off California, between
Stockton and Powell— room and kitchen;
fine view of bay; morning sun; $10; prl. Ger.
POWELL. 911. near Sacramento— unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $11; from 12 to 6.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Double and single rms.,
, for hkpg; front and sunny; frnsh. or unfrnsh.
STEVENSON, 408, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
connecting housekpg. rooms; complete; cheap.
-SETTER, 1111, nr. Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
$65— FOR sale; flat of 5 rooms; completely fur-
nished; no dealers. 1011 l /_ Mason st. *
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. ,
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Intorn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
. in every 'respect; terms reasonable. ■
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT Hotel Francisco,. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. KING.
AT 83 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpk_. rms.; reas.; transient.
BRANNAN. 324, between Second and Third—
Nicely furnished rooms, with bath.
CARUOLTON, 120G Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished 'sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 926— Suite of rooms; also single room,
ELLIS, 424 bet. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite; 4 or 5 gents; bath.
ERIE. 47. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Three convenient furnished housekeeping
rooms; garden. ' •
FIFTH 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.'
FIFTH 152 near Howard— 3 choice sunny
rooms' neatly furnished, from ,1 up. ;■
FOLSOM, '■'■' Furnished rooms: single, $125
per week; housekeeping. $2 up. J^
FOURTH 12S l i nr. Mission— New management ; J
newly f'rnshdand renovated : choice front rms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)-Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. Hi -kit.
GOLDEN STATE. I'"'6 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents: sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suit? or single:
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: 11 50 to $6 per week.
TEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.: free baths.
HOWARD 646, near 3d— house. 30 rms.:
newly frnshd; single, double: gas; $5 upward,
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites .8 to or.). $15 up; ref.
LOMBARD. 1021, nr. Hyde— B Rooms; yard;
fine view; $16.
MARKET. 783_— newly furnished rooms;
central location.; $1 to $2 50 per week. -
MARKET, 1055— Neat sunny rooms; $1 per week
and up. -
MINNA, 5713— sunny rooms; rent $5 to $8
. per month. ■
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
. window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 654. nr. Third— Sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; $10 and $6 per month. -
NATOMA. Large sunny front room, suit-
able for' two; other. ■
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and j
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POWELL, 15, next to Columbia Thea.— Prettily
. furn. rms.: single and en suite; new mangt.
POWELL, 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single room*; sunny.
ROYAL House! 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent I
light: reading room, .smoking room and |
ladies' parlor: rooms per night, 35c to $150; ,
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30: elevator -on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., j
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 109. and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
front fur. rms.. others, from $1: quiet house. |
THE Clyde. 36 1 _ Geary-Fine sunny front j
rooms: transient; 50c up. '■ |
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house j
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner j
mis., suites and single, gas;ba,h; new mangt.
THE Piedmont. 11.-A Sixth St., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
TURK, 645— Nice sunny single room; on parlor
floor; private family; $1 50 per week.
TALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up: single. $1 50 up.
SEEING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY*, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
/LL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 20.) Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRs7~RE_fTcCA PANTOSKEY having with-
out' cause left my home, bed and board, I will
not be responsible for any debts contracted
by her. HERMAN PANTOSKEY. ._
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
thai the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1. 1899, to July 1, 1899:
Anita Lindner, 3 yrs.: Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs. i
7 mos.; Clarissa Cook, 7 yrs.: Annie A. Klang.
9 yrs 11 mos.; Macarthe O. Klang. . yrs.;
Hazel Magulre, 7 yrs.; Emma L. Ceding. 5
yrs 4 mos.; Myrtle Oedlng, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Emily Seymour. 11 yrs. 7 mos.: Maggie Green.
14 yrs.; Stanley E. Williamson. 9 yrs.: Wil- ,
liam Lindner, 4 yrs. : Victor Beck. 3 yrs.;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs 11 mos.; Harold M.
Ross 3 yrs.; James C. Cook, 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale! 12 yrs.; Bert S. Hale. 9 yrs. 7 mos.
IN consequence of the request of the Board
of Health that orphan asylums refrain, dur- '
ing the threatened epidemic of smallpox,
from having regular visiting days. Maria
Kip Orphanage will not receive visitors on ,
the day generally set. apart, to Insure the
continuance of the good health which at pres-
ent prevails.' • j
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up; |
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. j
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10: tel 5520.
_ ________________
SPIRITUALISM.
MR?. A. J. OWEN, fine art medium on the
coast, will exhibit a fine collection of spirit
pictures assisted by Mrs. Seeley, test medium,
at K. of P. Hall, 909 Market st . Thursday,
at 2:30 o'clock, and 8 p. m. ; one painting given
away; admission 10c. .
MRS J J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices, 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings. $1." diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnose? disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 50c: gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
TEST meetings, 8 p. m.,Su.. free; Tues., Thur..
2 8 p. m.. 10c; letters answered; sittings. Mrs.
C. J- Meyer and others. 335 McAllister st.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 50c. $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor et..' parlors 3-5.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night; 8 p. m. ; 25c;
no seance to-morrow. . 409 Leavenworth st.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m. ; 25c; readings $1. C.
E. STEERS, 112,. Oak st.
______ YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
JOHN SLATER— Sittings daily, 10 to 4. 1809
Stockton, et., near Greenwich.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings. .1 233 Valencia st.
___-_——
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. '.'lay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE _ TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. _ H. H. goods. 7..." Mkt.. Tel Black 311.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$700— FINE lot on bay there.
JlSOO— Foreclosure; 2-story, 8 rooms and bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand-st. station: cost $3500..
$2200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x160; near High School and depot; terms. $100
cash. $20 per month. '• -
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
WE offer the following special bargains:
$1350— House, 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x170; all
street work done; near station.
$650— 30x40; Pacific aye.
$1600— Large 6-room cottage, modern: lot 50x
150; stable, etc.
$1700— Lot 50x150.
Banta Clara ave.— 3oo feet, water front. lots;
finest location in Alameda: great reduction ln
prices. E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
' ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) j HOARD. :
HOME for ladles ln delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. PR FCNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— A- nicely furnished * house- of 11
rooms, bath, etc.; rent $65: situated in upper
Dwlght way. Apply JOSEPH J.- MASON.
Berkeley station.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUI.Y 13, 1899.
. —^J — v — «_» — «a» — w — w — -v — w — w v — w — _» -r — ■—■ — ■-■.— — — - — —
, r ~" : ' ' ' ' ' " - :r i ■•
m 1 1
■ r- f^. :< 1 i
I^^^*' '______& _i_
. r^llp ' '' ' r _if '
'' :s sif_i& iff : '!ill
* THE MAN OF THE HOUR. *
) A MAGNIFICENT PORTRAIT (» 4
w-__. a n o-_ R _ •« ■ j __ / ®
\ IN TEN COLORS ?
l ' (Size 14x21 inches) f
>'■ : i •
! I WILL BE GIVEN AWAY BY THE CALL J
* ___ ■ • > l
»— ; Q
I To every one inserting an. paying j
for a WANT ADVERTISEMENT in •
, NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL •
* TJ-Ji*. PORTRAIT Is in no sense a cheap chromo, but an exam of •
j 1 niO rUn t nAI I the highest sty!e of illuminated printing: in the ©
I famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing- I
'.room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else- |
> where in San Francisco than at ths Business Office of THE CALL, where sample j
» copies may be seen. . . j
•__»_____»_____■__-_-«-»-*-<■. -•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS $50 upward; the loveliest spot on earth;
$"> 50 cash $1 50 monthly; can let you have
one or more pieces 60x258 for 8190; $10 cash j
and $6 monthly: tropical Fruitvale, adjoining
Ea«t Oakland; if you wish elevation, rolling
or level valley land, you can be suited here:
no cold winds nor tog here; superb soil: grand
view; about one mile nearer the local trains
than Walter Morosco of the Grand Opera
House, San Francisco, and lying In the le»el
valley; not far from a fine school and near
a 90-foot boulevard and electric cars, Cell
or send for circulars, 455 Seventh St., Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free. 11. 2).
j JONES. Owner.
FRUIT , , , , ,
660 acres of fine farming and grazing land.
5 mile* from the City Hall of Oakland, ly- '
ing between Oakland and San Leandro near!
San Leandro Electric Road. Land all roll- !
ing. Commands fine view, suitable for sub- j
urban hemes in subdivisions.
For further particulars inquire of
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth street.
Oakland.
MONEY to loan on houses: will sell two nice |
little cottages: Installments; for amt. loaned ;
| on them J. D. BENNETT. 902 Broadway.
__ WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
16 pa?es. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FIRMTtRK FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
I furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
_ ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT Wlttram Propeller Com- j
pany, office and principal place of busi- j
n»es 227 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of |
the Board of Directors, held on the 58th day
Of June, MM*, an assessment (No. 6) of one
(1) cent per share was levied upon the capi-
tal stock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately in United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 3'tth day of July, ISM,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before will be sold on the 18th day of Au-
gust, 1899, to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG, Secretary,
327 Market st.
_ DIVII)K\D NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meet-
ing of the board of directors of this bank,
held July 5, 1599, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1899, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the loth Inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the. 10th to the
15th Inst., both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
July IL 1599. .
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 69 (25c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st. , on and after
THURSDAY. July 20, 1899. Transfer books
will close on FRIDAY. July 14, ,1893. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as folows:
Leslie A. "»Vri£ht and Charlotte C. Moulder.33-28
W L. McGinn and Viola A. Luckhardt...2l-lS
George Clark and Olive Clement 22-21
John 3 Jsrcobsen and Crelstlne Crlstensen.. 46-32
James J Glover and Mary Sabene 22-20
Michael Dletsch and Wllhelmlne Lehmann. 3B-39
Robert Scotlan and Matilda Perry 35-23
Charles L. Dunn and Bertha E. 80de1ey.... 21-17
John A. Holmgren and Emelie D. Lied"! .. . .34-2.
William M. McCarthy and May Nannery... 24-20
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at- either, of the publication' offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. ' . - MARRIED.
BATES— ZAHL— In this city, July 10. 1*99. by
the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick Bates and
Martha Zahl.
FITZPATRICK— LEARY— In this city. May 23,
1899 by the Rev. P. Griffin. John E. Fltz-
patrlck and Marguerite A. Leary.
-PATTERSON— In this city, July 3, 1899,
■by the Rev. J. T. Mynard, .James Kerr of
Sonora, Cal., and Mabel Patterson of San
Francisco.
ZiIMMERMANN— MEESE— In this city, July 8,
1.199, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Dr. Frederick
Pan! Zlmmerynann and Minnie Meese. . -,-
DIEI) ~
Aurrecolchea. Jose Hildebrand, Anna
Bryn Charley L. Johnston, Harry J.
Bvrne. Annie . Kennedy, Mary A. .
Cullen. Ellen Kervin, Patrick
Casserly, Margaret Lytgens, Henriette
Cederqulst, Peter . Olsen. Capt. Harry E.
Gllhuly. Katie Quinn, James J.
Granville, Maurice Shepherd, John T. .
- Guittard. Etienne Zeigler, William C.
AURRECOLCHEA— Friends and acquaintances
- are respectfully invited to attend the requiem
high mass this day (Thursday); - at 9:30
o'clock, for the eternal rest and peace of the
late Jose Aurrecolchea at the Spanish Church',
Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe, Broadway and
Mason street. -
BRYN— In Alameda. July 11. 1599. at his resi- j
den-e, 647 Tavlor avenue, Charley L. Bryn. ;
dearly beloved son of Lena M. Andersen and ;
the late Captain J. F. Bryn. and brother of
Frank, Oscar and Helmer Bryn and Florence
Andersen, a native of San Francisco,' aged 21
years 8 months and 24 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking ;
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Scandinavian
Society are requested to attend the funeral
of our late member, Charles L. Bryn, this
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street, near
Taylor. By order of the president.
C. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
BYRNE— In this city. July 12. 1899. Annie, be-
loved daughter of Joseph and Kate Byrne, a
native of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
CASSSfRLY In this city, July 11. 1899, Mar-
garet Casserly, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years. - „
ITT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains f
at the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van
Ness avenue.
CEDERQUIST— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July 12. 1599, Peter Cederqulst, a native j
of Sweden, aged 37 years.
CULLEN— In this city, July 11, 1899, Ellen, '
relict of Patrick Cullen, and beloved mother
of William F.. Patrick EL, Cornelius J.,
Thomas J., Richard R. Sarah J. and Mary
E Cullen, and sister of Mrs. P. Cassin. a I
native of Thurles. County Tfpperary. Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi- I
dence, 1274 Tenth avenue, south of the Park. |
between H and I streets, thence to St. Agnes j
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GILHI'LY— In this city. July 12, 1899. Katie.
beloved sister of Michael Gllhuly, a native of
the parish of Kiltubride, County Leltrim,
Ireland, aged 46 years.
(r_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday,) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Presidio, thence to St. . Ignatius
Church, where mass will be celebrated for the
rep. of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. i
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRANVILLE— In this city, July 11, 1899, Mau-
rice W._ beloved son of James and Annie
Granville, and brother of Katie and James
Granville and Mrs. Mary Lynch, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years and 3 days.
___TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday),, at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J- C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
'thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will he celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
GUITTARD— At Burkes Sanitarium, Sonoma
County, July 10. 1599, Etienne Stephane, be-
loved husband of Anna Guittard. and father
of George and Horace Guittard. Mrs. Caval-
sky and Err.il, Adrienne, Frank and Beatrice
Guittard. a native of France, aged 61 years 1
month and 2 days.
ICy-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1625 Clay street, thence to Masonic
Temple where - services will be held, under
the auspices of La Parfalte Union No. 17, F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HILDEBRAND— her residence, 1125 Ten-
nessee street. Potrero, July 12. 1899. Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Hlldehrand. a
' native of Neider, Welsel, Darmstadt.
Germany, aged 63 years 2 months and 5 days.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the luneral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Markus Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, O'Farrell
street between Franklin and Gough. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Verein — officers
and funeral committee are hereby notified to
assemble at their meeting rooms. Druids'
Hall 41- Sutler street, morrow (Friday),
at 1 o'clcck, to attend the funeral of our late
member Mrs. Anna Hildebrand. By order
.„...,-<. . MRS. ANNA RUHR. President.
MR ?. ANNA MAAS, Secretary.
JOHNSTON— In this city. July 11, 1899. Harry
. J., beloved son of Harry J. and Minna John-
ston, and . brother of Ruth and Grace John-
ston', a native of San Francisco, aged 11
months and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Thursday), at. 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1285 Union street, between
Hyde and Larkln. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. July 10, 1899, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Paul Kennedy, and be-
loved sister of Catharine Barucci of British
• Columbia, a- native of Victoria. B. C. aged
38 years and 6 months. (Victoria,- B. C, pa-
pers please cony.)
d_7The funeral will be held this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner A Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to*
Sacred Heart Church, corner Fell and Fill-
more streets, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . »;"_.-■
KERVIN--In San Jose, Patrick Kervin of Vir-
ginia City, Nev..' husband of Minnie Kervin.
a native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 61
years. '' ' >
H_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the Palace
Hotel, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
. Cemetery.
LYTGENS— In Redwood City. San Mateo
County. July 11. 1899. Henriette M. J., be-
hfcNßY J. GALLAGHER CO..
' (Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln ochooi.
Telephone South 80. ■;:"." ' " • • ' -•
loved wife of Julius W. Lytgens. and mother
of Julyette. Olga. Edna. Julius and Rita
Lytgens, a native of Copenhagen. Denmark.
aged 45 years 6 months and 13 days.
' CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Ivy Hall, 20
Eddy street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery
. for cremation. Please omit flowers.
OLSEN —At Larsen Bay. Alaska, Captain
Harry E. Olsen (late master of the ship St.
Nicholas), beloved husband of Louise Olsen,
and father of Mabel, Pearl and Louis Olsen.
a native of Frederlckstadt. Norway, aeed 38
years 4 months and 27 days. A member of
Hercules Lodge No. 53. A. O. U. W.
__?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother-in-law, Mrs. Marie Wlesen-
havern, 1623 Grove street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
QUlNN— Entered into rest, July 11, IMP. James
J., beloved son of the late John and Mary
Quinn, and brother of Martin and John
Quinn, Airs. J. J. Drlscoll and Mrs. Lizzie
Duprat, a native of New York.
CTTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHEPHERD-In this city. July 12, IBM, John
T:. beloved husband of Emma Shepherd, and
father of Sister Eunice of the Sisters of the
Holy Family and William, Alexander and
. Frederick Shepherd, a native of Manchester,
England, aged 53 years.
ZEIGLER— In Alameda, July 12, 1899, William
C. Zeigler. astrologer, a native of Germany,
aged 69 years.
(CTCr^mation services Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, Sunday, July 16. Friends are invited.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Snyder, NY Mrs A W .Tewett. N V
W G Nebeker. Utah |E P Hay ward, US N
J L Hey wood, Utah EC )'• Jordan Jr. Cal
G E Seaman, USA Mrs E B Jordan Jr. Cal
E II Sims, London iW N Flsk. Chicago
Mrs Sims, London C D Clark, Wyo
E E Turner, Sydney J B Lankershim. Cal
J R Clark, O G Muir. Singapore
Mrs J R Clark. O B Cropp, Germany
C A Trimborn, Neb A J Stevenson, Cal
0 Worning, Germany Mrs Stevenson, Cal
Mrs C P Swarm, la S Waterhouse, Cal
C Routledge, London Mrs Waterhouse, Cal
A S .rives, London M W Houck. N _
N Nal.e_.hlma. Tokio L Holland. Mich
B N Ito, Tokio D A Bratton, NY
X Nobo, Tokio T C Marceau, N V
A Beits Newark A W Anderson. Wyo
F Parlser, Sacto |J W.Graham, I' S A
E Hinds. Sacto Mrs Graham, V S N
C A Bon, Oakland E H Cox, Madera
J P Burke, S Jose Mrs M Rich. X V
J S Schwelzer, N V 'Miss T Rich. N V
Mrs Schwelzer. N V Mrs H L Kislingbury,
W H Chlckering, Cal l N V
W S Dent. N V Miss Kislingbury, N V
T Flint Jr San Juan M P Rich, N V
C P Braslaw, S Jose' A Vernon, England
J J Stewart, England Mrs C R Winslow, Cal
Mrs Stewart, England R I Bently, Sacto
Miss Preston, England Mrs Bently, Sacto
D J Frank, Redwood -W E Fitch. Ky
G R Pommey, Sacto P de S Olney, Or
Mrs Pommey. Sacto J S Taylor, U SA
G E Goodman, Napa Mrs T Hopkins, Menlo
Mrs Goodman, Napa T Hopkins, Menlo
A B Leckenhv. Or E W Churchill, Napa
C J Shepperd. L Ang Mrs Churchill. Napa
G S Holmes. Utah Mrs Robertson. N V
J A Bell, Utah Miss Robertson, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
R L- Conner, Chicago P. H Adams & w. Cal
E C Creller. Cal F W Dudley, Cal
W H Hawlev, Cal W Church & w. N V
W Magill, St Louis C H Gilbert, Cal
L Ralliet. Cal E Oppenheimer. Florin
L DarreaJ, L Gatog F Millard. Florin
G Perano, S Jose N Bunker, . Newman
A I. Black. Cal J M Hell. Arizona
P Has, Berkeley W Tierney, Martinez
P G Galpln, Cal M J Hoggs. Colusa
J H Mllt-ner, >'al S S Hall, Sacto
B Smith. Portland J M Johnson, L Ang
H Havnes, Portland D Gildmacher & f. Cal
H E Reed. Portland » W F Parker. N V
S Hendricks. Portland A Seltz. N J
O Ingram. Keswick . R H Davis. Oakland
A F Fowler, Chicago W F Sprogh. Cal
T ("ashman. NY- R Stein. L Ang
H D I.azelle, Vallejo E S Gordon. S Rosa
W P Hussev, Ind C Kristmer & w, Ariz
F. R Smith, L Ang J E Wilder, Texas
Miss Ferguson,' S Jose J B Norwood, Texas
Miss L Ferguson, S Jse J C Sorosle. Texas
II Ferguson, S Jose A C Blossom, .Stockton
Mrs Larrabee, Omaha, G A Hume, Stockton
Dr D Rulison. Reno C C Bersche, Menlo
W F Barnes. L Ang A Maltby & w. . Cal
\V L Rogers, Cal W Button. Kan City
T J Boyd & w. Cal Gen Sumner, Manila
C H Bulson. Stockton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Floerke. Neb : J Mulroy, Rio Vista
L Kauffman & w. 11l J W Wilson, Cal
N Williams, San Jose T W Fisher, Manila
Mrs M E Kearney, H A Watson, Buffalo
Denver : C W Harding. Cal
Miss L Kearne" Den M F Ross. Fresno
W Moore, Petaluma IJ' D Smith. Riverside
A G Arnold, San Diego H Connolly, Colfax
C A Westenberg. Cal M P Dixon, Omaha
J W Elllss, Suisun . I R Daniels, Stockton
HAYWARDS MERCHANTS
WANT TO KEEP TRADE
OAKLAND, July 12.— merchants
of Haywards are determined to or
ganize an opposition to the system
being followed by Oakland merchants
to draw the trade of the interior
of the county to this city. A meeting
of the merchants of Haywards will be
held this week to consider the proposi
tion of organizing a local Board of Trade
for the purpose of taking steps to keep
their trade at home.
' The system to which the Haywards
merchants object came into vogue about
two years ago. It consists of charter
ing special cars on the electric road and
of bringing passengers into Oakland free.
The passengers are supplied with tickets
which -are redeemed at cost by the mer
chants with whom the passengers deal.
These excursion trains result in bringing
a large number of people Into Oakland
who undoubtedly spend much money at
the special sales. The Oakland merchants
declare that the people would come and
trade with them in any event, and that
it is not taking any more trade from the
outlying towns than has been coming
here since the electric road opened.
The Haywards merchants have been
discussing the matter for some weeks,
and while most of them are opposed to
it there are a few who say that the cus
tomers who go to Oakland are only those
who are not loyal enough to .their own
town to spend their money at home.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, July 12.— The following of
ficers' of Sunset Encampment ISO. 25, I. O.
OF. were installed last night by Dis
trict Deputy Grand Patriarch F. E.
Pierce, assisted by P. E. Jeffries, high
priest and L. W. S. Downs, grand war
den' G. A. Benseman. chief patriarch; C.
H Wever. high priest; C. J. Hammond,
senior warden; A. G. Bussenius, junior
warden; P. R. Fox, secretary; H. P.
Wichman. treasurer. --•-- ■■■'--
The Alameda Boating Club elected the
following officers at a meeting held last
night: Charles H. Smith, president; W.
H. Maas, vice president: W. B. Hinch
man. recording secretary: J. C. ' Stamer.
financial secretary; David Greenleaf.
treasurer: John Lewis, captain; Jules
Hartman. sergeant-at-arms; A. C. Burns,
Fred S. Cone, J. S. Timmons, executive
committee. _
Remembered Her Aged Mother.
OAKLAND, July 12.— George R. Wil
liams to-day filed the will of his wife,
Mary L. Williams, deceased, for probate
and applied for letters of administration.
The will is dated November 8, ISS2, and
by Its terms me estate, valued at about
$5000 is bequeathed to the husband in
trust for the four children, though the
rents and profits are to pro to the aged
mother of the testatrix. Mrs.- H. P. Ltid
vAe during her remaining days. Mrs.
Williams died here last November.
To Fight Double Taxation.
BERKELEY, July 12.— Marshal Lloyd
arrested E. H. Driggs this morning on the
charge of failure to pay the wagon li
cense fee. This is the fourth arrest made
under the new ordinance, the others being
those of Charles Fischel,- Joseph Davis
and E. J. Gordan. The merchants will
make test cases of these. All four will
be arraigned before Justice Edgar next
Monday. A fight will be made on the
ground of double taxation.
A Dangerous Wire.
ALAMEDA, July 12.— One of the city's
electric light wires at the corner of Oak
street and Central avenue burned out this
evening the sputtering ends falling across
the avenue. Robert Beeching was driving
alone the avenue when the wires fell. One
of them struck his vehicle and sparks
flew but no damage was done. The break
was' reported to the police, who cut the
wire before any one was Injured.
The Catholic Truth Society.
The first district lecture of the Catholic
Truth Society will be held on Thursday
evening, July 20. In Native Sons' Hall,
Seventeenth street, near Valencia. The
lecture will be delivered by Rev. Donald J.
MacKinnon of St. James' Church.- Ad
mission will be by ticket, which may be
had at the parochial churches of the dis
trict—St. Peter's.. St. Paul's, St. James',
St John's and St. Charles. Tickets may
also be had at the headquarters of the
society, room 27, Flood building. ; _ z ?-
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
VIEW THE RICHES
OF YOLO COUNTY
The Agriculturists Visit
Woodland. .
— • —
LARGE VINEYARDS INSPECTED
— *— ■■- -7"--
REGALED WITH FRUIT JUST
FROM THE TREES.
—^
On One Big Grain Field They Sco
* a Mammoth Harvester, Propelled
by Thirty-Two Mules, in
Operation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, July 12.— One hundred and i
fifty professors, representing the Agricul- I
tural Colleges of America and the Govern- i
- ment Experiment Stations, arrived in !
Woodland from the north at 5 o'clock this i
afternon and were the guests of the citi- I
zens of Yolo County until a late I
hour to-night They were met at the de
pot by a large, delegation of citizens,
; beaded by the Woodland band. The re- i
i ception was most cordial and enthusiastic. :
Conveyances were on hand in sufficient
1 number to accommodate the entire party,
and the visitors were taken for a drive of j
! twenty miles through the principal busi- ,
ness and residence streets of Woodland,:
thence to two or three of the largest vine- \
yards in the county and to a large grain
field, where many of the visitors for the
I first time In their lives saw a mammoth
harvester, propelled by thirty-two mules. I
in operation. This part of the drive was s
especially interesting to the visitors.
After viewing several alfalfa fields and
an irrigation system, the next stop was :
at the Yolo orchard, the largest in the \
Sacramento Valley, comprising 400 acres,
all of which is set to trees, in full bear
ing. Manager De Pue extended a hearty ,
welcome, and every visitor was supplied j
| with all the apricots, peaches and prunes ,
Ihe desired. Other varieties of fruit are i
not yet ripe. ' .._.__.
The party reached Woodland on the re- j
turn trip between 7 and 8 o'clock. The
delegates were escorted to the various j
hotels and restaurants and a fine dinner,
! was served them. The band gave an open- ;
1 air concert auring the remainder of tneir
stay. The visitors were generous in their :
praises of Yolo County hospitality and j
expressed themselves as very favorably ;
j impressed with Yolo County resources, j
; soil and products. • - I
MARYS VILLE, July 12.-Oroville was
reached shortly after 7 o'clock this morn- ,
; ing by the Agricultural Commission. A
short stop was made at Palermo to allow
! a portion of the delegates to get off there. j
i At Oroville the visitors were met by a |
! brass band and the following committee i
of citizens: C. F. Lott, B.t.W. Fogg, C.
I* Bills. E. Tucker, G. C. Gray, A. M. j
Smith, S. F. Bo'ynton, J. Leggett, V, . H. j
Dixon. F. Atkins, T. C. Lee and J. A. I
Lawrence. Breakfast was had at the ,
Union Hotel, after which the delegates
were driven across Feather River to Ther-
I malito, where they inspected the orange
and olive groves. ,
After reaching Marysvllle the members
i of the association were taken to Yuba
City, where they were shown the Sutter
Cannery and Packing Company plant and
given luncheon. Next a sixteen-mile
drive was taken and the famous -grape,
peach and prune orchards were visited.
S M. Emery of Montana thanked the cit
izens of Yuba Cfty and Marysvllle for
their lavish hospitality.
President Stubbs of the association said
to-day: _, .
"Our tour of Inspection has so far been
beyond anything we had even dreamed of.
Not only have we had our first knowledge
of the true and limitless resources of Cali
fornia, but we have simply been over
whelmed with kindness and hospitality by
the people. To thank them for what they
have done for us is impossible. As a re
sult of this investigation I know Cali
fornia will feel a perceptible benefit in five
years and inside of ten years It will mean
millions to the State. The way we are
being treated by . the people shows that
they realize this. As a result of this In
spection the agricultural association will,
within the time I have specified, have
been the means of directing to California
thousands of people, who will come here ■
to make their homes and help upbuild the j
State For the first, time in the State s j
history California has unfolded to the |
representative men of every other State j
in the Union the true condition and re- i
sources of her limitless possibilities.'
' SAN JOSE, July 11.— The members of
the Association of Agricultural Colleges
and Experimental Stations, now touring
the State, will Inspect Santa Clara Coun-
Itv resources on Friday. The Board .of
I Trade and the grange of this city have
! made arrangements to entertain the vis-
I itors and they will be given a California
welcome.
The guests will number about 150. The
i first stop in the county will be at Palo
I Alto, where they will visit the university
! and inspect the famous Stanford stock
farm and vineyards. ' ■ _.__.",
San Jose will be reached at 12 o'clock,
.' and the agriculturists will be here for
! five hours. Carriages will be at the- depot
and the visitors will be taken for a drive
about the city and through the orchard
and vineyard districts of the county. For
five hours they will be driven about. Can
neries, drying houses and seed farms will
be inspected: in fact, all the county » re
sources will be shown. At El Quito olive
farm luncheon will be served in an olive
grove. The great prune industry of the
county will be dwelt upon so that the vis
itors may form some idea of Its impor
tance. .
At 5 o'clock they will leave for Del
Monte. A stop of a counle of hours will
be made at Gllroy, and Morse's large seed
farms will be gone over. Mr. Morse will
also furnish a fine dinner for the viators.
The night will be spent at the Del Monte.
WILL CELEBRATE ITS
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF THE FIRST
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
Pastor George C. Adams Has Pre
pared an Interesting Programme
of Exercises Music a Spe
cial Feature.
■
The First Congregational Church will
celebrate its. fiftieth anniversary in the
edifice on the corner of Mason and Post
streets on Saturday and Sunday, July 29
and 30. The church was organized on July
29, 1849, and Pastor Rev. George C. Ad
ams, D. D., announces that the golden
jubilee will be fittingly observed during
the two days. He has prepared the pro
gramme of exercises for the celebration :
as follows: .'.''."■**■*■.
Saturday, July 29—2 to ! p. m., prayer meet
ing: 3 to 5 p. m., social intercourse, reading of
letters, etc.; 6 to 6 p. m.. dinner will be served
In church parlors; 6 to 9 p. m., after dinner
speaking by laymen and invited guests.
Sunday, July SO— Morning service, if o'clock;
anniversary sermon by Pastor Adams; 12:45 to
2 p. m.. fiftieth anniversary exercises of Sun
day school, held in church auditorium: even
ing service, 7:45 o'clock; brief historical ad
dresses by clergy and laymen.
Special music will be rendered by the
regular choir, consisting of Miss Lulu C.
Snider, soprano; Mrs. :A. E. Story, con
tralto; J. F. Fleming, basso: Samuel D.
Mayer, tenor, organist and choir master.
The latter has selected. some of the most
beautiful compositions in church music,
and Intends to make the musical part a
feature of the exercises.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
C. F. Dassonville, laborer, Sacramento,
$337 75: no assets.
Clerk Morse of the United States Dis
trict Court filed a protest against adjudi
cating the matter. His 'protest alleges
that Dassonville had made oath that he
was a pauper and unable to pay the court
fees of $25. of which $10 Is due to the
clerk, $10 to the referee and $5 for costs;
whereas, contends Clerk Morse, Dasson
ville is a wage earner and able to get the
money. •
- — r — : +-+-* •
Given away, with each cash want adver
tisement ordered in next Sunday's Call, a
magnificent portrait of Admiral Dewey,
printed in ten colors, size 14x21 inches,
ready for framing. - ' ■% i -"' ':
OPIUM FAMINE
IN SAN QUENTIN
Convicts Take the Drug
Hypodermically.
— ♦ — . ■ ■
THEIR METHOD BARBAROUS
: — ♦ —
FIRST MUTILATE THEMSELVES
WITH KNIVES. , c
"•---.■-" . * — -
Small Glass Syringe Is Then Thrust
Into the Raw Wounds and
the "Hasheesh" In
jected. , '.
♦
Special Disnateh to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. July 12.—
While Warden Aguirre has been in office
i only twelve days he has exercised so much
I diligence in dealing with the opium traf
i fie that the result is a famine in that drug
' inside the walls. In order to make the
quantity the convicts now possess last as
I long as possible they have been driven to
I the expedient of using the narcotic by
i hypodermic injections, instead of eating
I it. The method employed by the '"fiends"
! Is remarkable on account of the fact that
iit entails bodily mutilation and severe
! physical suffering on the part of the user.
. Last night two guards whom Aguirre
\ had especially detailed to watch certain
| prisoners suspected of having opium in
their possession made a ! discovery that
; caused them to open their eyes in aston
-1 ishment. Two convicts in one cell were
i found busily engaged in preparing to use
I the narcotic, and their actions were such
1 as to cause the guards to keep quiet and
! watch proceedings. First. the opium, or
"hasheesh," as the variety used here is
I called, was mixed with water and placed
in a teaspoon. Then a lighted match was
i held under the spoon until the mixture
■ was warmed. Taking a small knife, on.'
'< of the convicts ba d his arm and, grit
: ting his teeth, thrust the sharp blade un
! der the skin, causing the blood to flow. A
I small instrument was then placed, in the
mixture in the teaspoon and filled, after
1 which the point of the instrument was
I inserted in the cut and discharged of its
: contents. This operation was repeated by
! the other prisoner, each holding a thumb
! over the cut until the drug had time to
i enter the circulation. '.
At this juncture the guards . surprised
! the "fiends" and captured the apparatus
l used to inject the drug. It proved to be
a small glass tube with a rubber cap on
! the end— the kind used in filling a foun
i tain pen. The tip of this instrument had
been ground down until It was as sharp
!as a needle. The men confessed that they
I endured such suffering because they had
Ito husband their supply of opium. It is
! known that whatever quantity of opium
i an opium eater may use as a dose, just
I one-half that much is sufficient when used
1 hvpodermically. ___ _*..'▼'__
I The two men, George Wilson and Jack
i Ross, both serving terms for burglary,
were thrown into the dungeon, and their
cases will come up before the Prison
Board next Saturday.
POLICE OFFICER WARD
CHASED BY A BULL
RUNS INTO A HOUSE AND IS
MISTAKEN FOR A BURGLAR.
With Drawn Revolvers, . His Fellow-
Officers Charge Upon Him,
Only to Realize Their
Grave Blunder.
Policeman Edward Ward ot the South
ern Station is being congratulated by his
fellow officers that he is not occupying a
slab in the Morgue. Ward is one of the
most fearless men in the department, but
hereafter, so he says, he will not let his
courage, lead him into danger, particular
ly when a mad bull is on his trail.'
The other evening Ward, who was
chaperoning an attractive looking servant
girl across Brannan street, espied a vic
ious bull making for him. 5 - i
With a parting cry to his female com
panion Ward, who is not • noted for his
fleetness, relieved himself of the extra
weight of his club and straightway made
for the doorway of a house on the oppo
site side of the street. As the maddened
animal headed for him Ward quickly
opened the door of the house and rushed
upstairs. One of the occupants of the
house an old woman— he was a
desperate burglar, bent on killing her,
raised the window and lustily screamed
for "help. Another woman who was in
the house becoming alarmed over the
noise occasioned by the policeman falling
down stairs in his effort to escape from
the bull, procured a police whistle and
poking her head out of the window vigor
ously blew for assistance.
Several police officers who were at
tracted to the scene by the blowing of
the whistle, entered the house at this
juncture, prepared to make the battle of
their lives, if necessary, to land the blood
thirsty burglar. With drawn revolvers
they silently stole up stairs, momentarily
thinking that the desperate crook would
open fire on them. - •
As they crept along the hallway one of
the vigilant peace guardians heard a
noise in one of the rear rooms and con
cluding that he had discovered the burg
lar he signaled his comrades. With their
revolvers ready for action the policemen
threw open the door, determined to get
the bold house-breaker dead or alive.
Rushing into the room the officers dis
covered Ward seated in a chair, vainly
endeavoring to mop the perspiration from
his brow. _______
"Where's the burglar? asked the anx
ious policemen in chorus.
"What burglar?" inquired Ward, using
his helmet in the excitement for a hand
kerchief. ■ * _.'__.__.__. .•"'*■*■
"Didn't you hear about it?" again asked
the officers. . ' ... »..
"Say, are you guys getting crazy?'
angrily inquired Ward. "There is no
burglar here." - . ." - :
Ward then explained that he had been
chased by the bull and after rushing Into
the house forgot to tell the occupants
fhat he was a policeman in search of pro
tection. - -•
"I guess It's on us," chorused the gang
of disappointed "cops." "Let's adjourn
to the nearest brewery and talk it over."
And they did.
— : .*. ♦ *
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE FAIR.
Special Meeting of the Trustees to
Consider Plans for the Big Show.
A special meeting of the trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute was held ■ Tuesday
for the purpose of considering matters ap
pertaining to the annual fair which is to
be held from September 2 to October 7
Inclusive. As a preliminary to this event
It was decided some time ago to white
wash the entire interior of the mammoth
building and the contract for this work
was last night let to the firm of Riegle &
Jamieson. v.
David Williamson, a well-known news
paperman, was appointed press agent for
the fair and will keep the public Informed
of the features of the coming exhibition.
It was also decided to fix the price of ad
mission at 25 cents for adults anl
15 cents for children Among the novel
ties already arranged for are an exhibi
tion of automobiles, the Stanley flying
machine, a billiard tournament for ladies
and gentlemen and the colony of Filipinos.
The latter promise to prove one of the
most popular features of the fair and
their value as an exhibit Is already being
proven by the receipt of letters from fair
associations In Texas. Utah and Eureka,
Cal., requesting the loan of a few Fili
pinos. The requests were referred to a
committee. . " -"•••:.
California Parlor's Big Night.
To-night will be the big night
of California Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W.,
for to-night the officers will be in
stalled by J. W. Lewis of Stanford Par
lor, district deputy grand president. There
will also be work In the initiatory degree
that evening and the work will be fol
lowed by an entertainment such as Cali
fornia Parlor boys know how to get up.
1314
THE BLANKET ROLLED
AND OUT OF SIGHT
Republican Delegates to Be Chosen
by Districts.
County Committee Gracefully Accepts the Decision of
the Election Commissioners and Resolves to
File an Amended Petition.
THE blanket scheme devised by
Crimmins and Kelly was yesterday
cast aside by the Board of Election
Commissioners. The Republican
County Committee accepted the de
cision of the board With grace if
not glee, and last night decided to file
an amended petition on the lines of direct
representation by Assembly districts. The
proposed new plan dies not change the
number of delegates to 'comprise the mu
nicipal nominating convention. The
whole number of delegates— be
thus apportioned to the several Assembly
districts on the basis of Republican votes
cast at the last general election:
Twenty-eighth District— Twelve delegates.
Twenty-ninth District— delegates.
Thirtieth District— Thirteen delegates.
Thirty-first District— Thirteen delegates.
Thirty-second District— Eleven delegates.
Thirtv-thlrd District— Seventeen delegates.
Thirty-fourth District— Twenty-one delegates.
Thirty-fifth District— Fifteen delegates.
Thirty-sixth District— Twenty-three delegates.
Thirty-seventh District— Twenty-four dele-
«ates. • -
Thirty-«!ghth -Twenty-two delegates.
Thirty-ninth District— Twenty-one delegates.
Fortieth District— Twenty-three delegates.
Forty-first Twenty-two delegates.
Forty-second District— Seventeen delegates.
Forty-third District— Fifteen delegates.
Forty-fourth District— delegates.
Forty-fifth District-- delegates.
The amended petition will be filed by
the officers of the County Committee be
fore next Saturday.
The County Committee last night
adopted a plan of organizing district
clubs. The plan was prepared at a three
hours' session of the executive commit
tee yesterday afternoon. It will be noted
that five members are to be elected from
each club to constitute a central or ad
visory body. The advocates of the plan
to establish a central or governing club
maintain that the County Committee's
■work will be lessened by this form of or
ganization. It is further claimed that dis
satisfied Republicans, who may fanci-
<$> -♦-<§>-♦-<?>-•-<s•-♦- $► -•- <^-*-#
that their grievances will not be heard
by the county committeemen represent
ing the Assembly districts, may get a
hearing and proper redress through the
advisory club.
Shortly after 8 o'clock T. L. Riordan,
chairman of the executive committee, en
tered the hall and Chairman Al Raisch
immediately called the committee to or
der. Thirty-eight members answered the
. rollcall, and after Committeeman Savage,
the restless spirit of the gathering, had
sought and received information upon a
few irrelevant points Mr. Riordan took
the floor and read the resolution agreed
upon by the committee on the new appor
tionment of the districts, which is as fol
lows:
Whereas, The Republican County Commit
tee here assembled Is representative of the
Republican party in the city and county of
San Francisco, and desirous of advancing in
fullest measure possible the best interests
of said party organization; and
Whereas, Said County Committee, in good
faith and tn full reliance of what appears
to be a legal right under the so-called
primary election law of California, did pre
sent to the Roard of Election Commissioners
of said city and county a form of ballot for
delegates to the Republican convention, to
• be voted at the primary election, called for
August 8, 1899; and
Whereas, The said Election Commission
has so construed the provision of said law
as not to permit the voting of a ticket in
the form presented by this committee, while
holding that the only form of ticket per
• missible under the provisions of said law Is
a ticket by Assembly districts based upon
the Republican vote cast in each of said
districts at the last general election; there
fore, be It
Resolved. That the Republican County
Committee does hereby cheerfully acquiesce
in the decision of said Election Commission,
and stands ready and willing to conform in
all particulars to the construction this day
placed upon said law by the legally consti
tuted Election Commission of the city ond
county of San Francisco; and be it further
Cheap Prices.
Fruit Japs
Pints, pen doz., 40 cts.
Quarts, per doz , 50 cts.
Hal? gallon, per doz , 65 cts.
Jelly Glasses.
Gov. per doz 25c
It Pays to Come to
(Jreat American Jmportiiic'PeaCo.
SCI Market St., op- 355 Hayes st.
. posite Powell. 2008 Fillmore »t. "
1140 Sixth st. 506 Kearny st
2510 Mission et., 3006 Sixteenth St. ■•■"'.
near 21st. 1811 Devisadero st.
1119 Polk st. 705 Larkin st.
116 Ninth st. 3255 Mission st.
52 1 Montgomery 2732 Twenty-fourth
nvenue. street.
flB Third st. £2 Market st.
BIG PRESENTS FREE
. With — - ■' :.?o
TEAS. COFFEES, SPICES.
Resolved. That the County Committee of
the Republican party do amend the petition
heretofore filed with said Election Commis
sion so as to provide for an apportionment
by districts of the 306 delegates provided
for by said petition according to the average
vote cast for the Republican candidates in
such district at the last ; general election;
and be It further
Resolved. That the duly constituted offi
cers of said Republican County Committee
are hereby authorized and directed to file
with the Election Commission aforesaid an
amendment of the petition of said com
mittee heretofore presented, which will con
form in all respects to the declaration herein
expressed and to the decision and declara
tion of opinion this day made by said Board
of Election Commissioners.
All seemed to be favorably impressed
With the plan explained in the resolution,
and when it came to the vote it passed
with but one. dissenting voice, that of the
Irrepressible ' Savage. After, explaining
that he was "pretty well out of the gam<V"
Savage made a savage attack on what lie
pleased to style the manner in which the
committee was being driven, "driven like
dogs." he said. Chairman Raisch prompt
ly fell on Savage with a few sarcastic
warnings and Savage subsided. Work
was then proceeded with. Mr. Riordan
next read a resolution prepared by the
executive committee regarding the or
ganization of district clubs, which is as
follows:
The Republican party of the city and
county of San Francisco-, as here represent
ed hy Its legally constituted County Com
mittee, recognizes the necessity and pro
priety of uniting all elements of the party
in organized form for the advancement of
the party interest, and whereas a primary
election Is close at hand as preliminary to
the holding of the party convention and
the nomination of a ticket to be voted at an
election to be held pursuant to the pro
visions of the charter of the city and
county of San Francisco, and whereas the
Republican County Committee is charged
with the responsibility for the management
and direction of the affairs of said party;
therefore, be It
Resolved, That in the view of said County
.Committee it Is wise and proper that an
organization of the voters of said party
should at once be formed in each and all
of the Assembly districts .of said cltv ami
county, to the end that in the formation
of a ticket or tickets to be voted at said
primary election all elements of the party
may be consulted and a convention obtained
which will be fully representative" of the
wishes of the Republican voters of San
Francisco: and be it further
Resolved, -That in pursuance of this con
vention said committee does hereby call
for the organization in each Assembly dis
trict of said city and county of a district
Republican club to be representative of the
sentiment and wishes of the voters In each
of said districts; and be it further
Resolved. That each of the cluhs In the
various districts shall be formed at a meet
ing to be held in each of the districts of
said city and county on Friday, July 21,
1899, at 8 p. m. ; and further be It
Resolved, That . a general call for such
meetings shall be issued forthwith' by this
committee.' the meetings to be held in each
district at a convenient, point, to be des
ignated by the committeemen therein; and
further be it
Resolved. That the meeting in each dis
trict shall be called to order by the county
committeemen of said district, and at such
preliminary meeting permanent organization
shall be effected by the election of a presi
dent, secretary and an enrolling commit
tee of five members.
The roll of each, of said clubs shall be kept
open at a convenient place for six conse
cutive days succeeding said organization
during the hours of S and 10 p. m.
A second meeting of said clubs shall be
held on Friday. July 2*. ISM, at 8 p. m.,
and at such meeting each of said clubs
shall- elect five delegates to an advisory
central club, which shall be representative
of the district organization of the Repub
lican party of the city and county of San
Francisco, the term of such delegates to be
for one year following the date of the
election: and further be it
Resolved, That the delegates to said cen
tral club shall meet and .organize on
Wednesday. August 2. 1899. at 8 p. m.. such
.organization to he effected by the election
'of permanent officers, and the adoption of
such by-laws, rules and regulations as may
be necessary for the permanent maintenance
and government of said organization, as
representative of the organized masses of
the Republican party, in and for the city
and county of San Francisco.
A vote on the resolution showed not a
voice against ft and eulogies were in or
der. A. Ruef took the floor and after giv
ing his opinion that the blanket ticket
was legal and could bo forced upon the
■Election Commission It the committee saw
fit .aid he believed that as a matter of
policy the- scheme of apportionment 1.3
set forth in the resolution was a good one
and he approved of the plan. Committee
man Raisch spoke on the same lines, after
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL, ; THUKSPAY. JULY 13, 1899.
which it was agreed to notify each mem
ber of the committee by printed circular
the times and places the various clubs
would be organized. After this had been
agreed upon Savage requested that he be
furnished a Catling gun with which to
subjugate his party followers in his dis
trict under the lines laid down by the ex
ecutive committee. He was again quietly
turned down and the motion to adjourn
to the call of the chair prevailed.
BLANKET TICKET DEAD.
Kelly and Crimmins Turned
Down by the Election
Commissioners.
The Board of Election Commissioners
has unanimously rejected the Kelly-Crim
mins "blanket ticket" scheme and for the
gang which is attempting to dominate the
Republican County Central Committee
has laid down the one course of procedure
which is within the law and which will
be permitted to obtain at the coming
primaries.
Concisely, the commission has said that
delegates to the 'next convention shall not
be elected at large, but chosen upon tne
proportion of representation in each
Assembly district; that each district shall
have, and know, its own representatives,
and that the Western Addition shall not
be represented by the Mower of Brannan
street or North Beach heelers.
Furthermore, the commission has given
the County Central Committee, the Peo
ple's party and the Socialist Labor party
until Saturday to lose their "blanket
ticket" dreams and conform to the new
order of things in fresh petitions for
places on the ticket. ■:,"-'
Messrs. Kelly and Crimmins did not give
up their gratt without a tight. It had
been conceded for two or three days that
the scheme was a dead one, but notwith
standing Al Raisch and Pat Prendergast,
to whom the light had been delegated,
worked on the commissioners from an
early hour yesterday morning - until
the time the meeting was called
in an effort to get them into
line. They were discouraged early in the
game and made a last desperate effort to
start things going their way when they
approached Commissioners ells and
Sheehan with a proposition to withdraw
the blanket ticket scheme if the board
would consent to allow the committee to
have seventeen delegates from each dis
trict without regard to party representa
tion at the polls. .
Wells and Sheehan were non-committal
on the scheme, as was Commissioner Til
ton, who was also approached, but Raisch
felt secure enough in the premises to.
make his proposition in open meeting
after the board had come together. He
let his gold brick lie on the table just
long enough to deliver a nice little speech
of withdrawal and another taking it all
back. . Tnen he picked it up and reverted
to the original proposition— the blanket
ticket. The board went into executive ses
sion to consider.
Chairman Lane opened the meeting. with
a simple announcement of the reason for
it. Then he invited Mr. Raisch, to speak.
"When the Republican County Central
Committs- offered its petition tor the to
called - blanket ticket," said he. "it did
so in absolute good faith and for what it
considered the best Interests of the party.
"Since it was made public," continued
Mr. Raisch, "there has been so much crit
icism and censure; the press has objected
so strongly to the plan, that in order to
satisfy all the factions of the party we
now desire to recede from our position
and fall back on the alternative. We will
be satisfied with seventeen delegates, se
lected from each Assembly district."
That's where Mr. Raisch handed out
his gold brick. -' „„_ '■ ,
"That will give you the same 30b dele
gates; but do you mean to say that you
would give the Twenty-eighth District,
with 1000 votes, the same number of dele
gates that you would give the Forty-sec
ond, with 5000 votes?" inquired Lane.
Raisch replied that was precisely the
proposition, to which Lane retorted that
if he were a Republican he would not con
sider the scheme good politics.
That Raisch had merely put his propo
sition out- as a feeler became evident when
he discovered that the commission was
waxing not at all enthusiastic.
Attorney Archibald Barnard and Pat
Prendergast came to his assistance and
Barnard attempted to explain the rather
complicated figures by which their unique
table of representation had been arrived
at, but it was no go with the board. Lane
asked if they preferred that plan to pro
portional representation and. they said
they did. Lane said it was not witnin the
provisions of the law and asked if tne
committee would abide in the matter by
the decision of the board.
"We didn't say so," retorted Raisch,
and then he gathered in his brick again.
"Of course, it you gentlemen will not
grant the a'ternative pla_n we will not
withdraw our original petition. We want |
one or the other. We are willing to let
the 'blanket ticket' slide if you will con
sent to the modification we offer. If not |
we want it understood that we have not |
withdrawn our original petition."
Lane said he was not sure that the ,
board would accept either the original or
the modification, upon which Prendergast
came to his feet with the statement that i
"the members of the board had come to a
private understanding with him and had
agreed to the modification.
The only reply to this was a motion by
Auditor Wells to go into executive session..
Lyman Kinne of the People's party -and
Collins Gersford for the Socialist-Labor ,
party backed their petitions for blanket !
tickets, but the action of the board in
executive session pointed the way all of
them will be compelled to travel. The
resolution adopted unanimously was as
follows: :-'y.'-'>y.
Whereas Under the provisions of the pri
mary election law the Board of Election
Commissioners is required to pass upon pe
titions presented by various political par
ties for place upon the official ballot- to be •
voted at the primary election to be held :
in this city and county on Tuesday, August
8 1899; and whereas, under the law the ap
portionment of delegates for any territory
shall be upon the basis numerically of the
average vote cast for the candidates of the
respective petitioning political parties at
the last pre.edlng general election; and
whereas, any apportionment made in ac
cordance with the provisions of the law
must cot be to or the election by territory
not Included in the same Assembly district.
Therefore be it _.___.
Resolved. That all petitions presented by
political parties that do not conform to the
provisions of the law be rejected.
Resolved, That it is the decision of this
commission that the apportionment for each
territorial division shall be upon the basis
numerically of the average vote cast for the .
candidates of the respective petitioning po
litical parties at the last preceding gen
eral election, and the said apportionment
shall be in proportion to the number of votes
cast In said territorial division, which shall
not be larger than an Assembly district.
Resolved, That all parties which have not
complied with the law in the above respects '
shall be given until Saturday, July 15, at
11 a. m., in which to present said appor
tionment as they may desire in accordance
with the law. ... .' ; .-: :v -. v .'
Which is to say that the law Is to be
abided by and that the push that is doing
the embroiders' work for the Crimmins
and Kelly layout' has been given until
Saturday to do so. Under the provisions
of the plan laid down by the board if the
County Committee decides to stay by its
proposition of one delegate to every eighty
voters the number of delegates from each
district will be as found in the following
table: yW-^.
DISTRICT.
■?i-
-cr
o -
£8
n 3
& I
a
< 2.
r ~- n
3 «
«< »
of
S »
cf
2.
75 =
S3
< 2.
2 7
33
PI
' "3
O|
o
« p
p -i
:f
° «
X 0
■< 2.
35
■ p
3 93
I
•enty-eigntn
•er.ty-ninth
irtieth
trty-flrst
irty-second
irty-thirfl
Irty-fnurth
Irty-fifth
Irty-sixth
Irty-seventh
Irty-eighth
irty-nfnth
rti»th
rty-flrFt
rty-sfeond
rty-third
rty-fourth
rty-flfth
12
13
13
13
: 11
I 17
21
15
23
24
• 21
23
22
17
15
15
9
306 ■
2
2
2
3
2
3
3
2
3
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
37
2
I
2
2
;
3
2
I
3
I
2
2
2
Totals
•
Will Not Countenance Bosses.
The Continental League, at a meeting
held last night at Saratoga Hall, 814
jeary street, Frank 'D. Worth In the
chair and Hamilton J. Rigglns secretary,
placed" Itself squarely on record as being
opposed. to the bosses.
Amos Currier, chairman of the execu
tive committee, offered a resolution in-.
SHE DIED FOR LOVE
THAT WAS SLIGHTED
Pretty Anita Byrne Ends Her
Troubles With Poison.
Brooding Over a Possible Dark Future Caused
Her to Seek Solace in the Great
Unknown.
er N a moment of desperation, due to the
threat of her lover that he was about
to desert her for another, Anita Byrne,
__ chief operator in the telephone office
at Sutter and Hyde streets, committed
suicide yesterday by swallowing the con
tents of a phial of carbolic acid.
Her mother discovered her lying en.-i
bale of hay in a barn in the rear of their
home at 16 Bourbon place. She was still
alive, but her condition indicated that she
could not possibly survive the fatal
draught. .Summoning a neighbor her
mother had her removed to the house. Dr.
C. C. Mohun was at once sent for, but
despite his efforts she breathed her last
several hours later. ''--.>
The man for whom the unfortunate
woman killed herself, so it is claimed, is
Frank Seaver, a switchboard attendant
in the main office. Seaver met Miss
Byrne about two years ago, while he was
acting as manager of the telephone office
at Sutter and Hyde streets. She fell des
perately in love with him and he seemed
to reciprocate ..her affections. Frequently
they were seen together, and among the
.other telephone girls it was whispered
that they were engaged to be married.
Tuesday evening Seaver met the mis
guided woman by appointment and they
went to Oakland. They returned to this
city about 10 o'clock and repaired to the
Byrne residence on Bourbon place. The
family had already retired tnd the couple
sat in the parlor for about an hour.
Seaver then took his departure, after
promising to sec Miss Byrne "in the near
future," as he expressed it. _; ■..-_...
Shortly afterward the unhappy woman
visited the room occupied by her mother
and. kissed her good night. It is pre
sumed she returned to the parlor, and
after brooding over her troubles deter
mined to end her existence.
Shortly before 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing her mother awakened from her slum
bers and went to her daughter's room, In
tending to arouse her so that she would
not be late at work, as she was due at the
telephone office at 7 o'clock. After enter
ing the room she was surprised to find
it empty and the bed undisturbed.
After vainly searching the house for
her mis-sing daughter Mrs. Byrne, sus
pecting something had happened to her,
went to the barn, determined to make a
thorough investigation. As she threw
back the door she was horrified to see
her daughter lying on a bale of hay. fully
dressed and unconscious.
By her side was a half empty phial that
had contained carbolic acid. The usual
farewell message was not in evidence.
dorsing the action of the Election Com-
I missioners in discarding the bosses blan-
I ket ticket and providing for district rep
resentation at the coming primaries, by
which the Republican party can be fairly
represented in its selection of delegates
to the convention. : r :
To further show its hostility to the gang
that makes politics unclean. Dawson
Mayer offered a resolution setting forth
that the Continental League now as here
tofore, is opposed to bosses, and it will
do all that lies in its power to aid and
assist the Republican party to place good,
reliable men on the various tickets at the
coming elections, both for delegates to the
convention and for the various municipal
elective offices to be held under the new
charter. ; '- . ~
.Acting on the invitation of the Central
Republican League, President Frank D.
Worth and Secretary Hamilton J. Riggins
were elected as delegates to represent the
Continental League at the meeting of the
former league, which will be held- to
night at the Grand Hotel.
At the next meeting on August 1 a de
bate will be held as to the advisability
of San Francisco owning Its own gas and
electric lights and also waterworks. The
question will be discussed by Congress-
I man Julius Kahn. Major C. W. Kyle. L.
A. Gibbons and B. F. McKinley, after
which the League will entertain its mem
bers and their lady' friends at a social
< and dance. ■ ■-.'--; :'•' ~ ;
The following new members- were ad
i mitted: B. C. Hartson, William A. Bon
! telle and Philip J. Euler. H. S. Llnnell
was elected recording secretary to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr.
Haseltine, whose duties in the Postoffice
prevent his serving. •
One More Club.
The Regular Democratic Club of the
Forty-first Assembly District was organ
ized last evening and will hold weekly
meetings until the coming election. The
hall was packed by a large and enthusi- ;
astic gathering, of Democrats. The fol
lowing permanent officers were elected: I
President. William P. Humphreys Jr.: ;
first vice president. Thomas Terry; second
vice president, Joseph Greenberg; third j
vice president, Joseph McKusker; fourth \
vice president, Timothy J. Callahan; re
cording secretary. .William H. Degan; cor
responding secretary, Bernard J. Hyland;
financial secretary, Frank Hattman;
treasurer, John Brickwedel: sergeants-at
arms, William J. A. Kennedy and Patrick
J. Grace.
The president appointed the following
committees: ;:.. ;.' J'
Finance committee— Thomas F. Boyle,
John M. Hyland, John Twomey, Alfred J.
Vanderwhite, Louis Wei ssman, E. L.
Wagner, John D. Hopkins, Peter Mc-
Hugh, William D. Shea. . .;.-** --■> =*i, .£
Executive committee X. Much, P.
E. Slavln, John'Dwyer, William Wright,
William J. O'Neill, James C. Cottle, John
P. Glynn, Dennis T. Sullivan, James A.
Mahoney. , • : ..^
Halls and speakers committee—
Cole. William Buckley. Daniel Shea,
Thomas O'Keefe, John Bremer.
Democratic Joy in the Thirtieth. '
The Buckley Democrats of the Thirtieth
i District held a large high jinks last even
ing under the management of Alex Greg
; gains, thereby filling the quarters of the
! San Francisco Athletic Club on Sixth
! street with Democrats, eloquence, steam
i beer, music and. applause. The principal
: speakers were Henry Hogan, Robert Fer
■ ral. Porter Ashe, Robert Boland and John
| Carroll. Charles Kelly, Edward Burdette,
1 George -Burr, Mr. Ryan of the Fortieth
; and Joseph Arthur won their share of the
! tumultuous applause by their musical
i charms and the generous applause was
i also shared by Messrs. Toy and Anderson,
I Condon and Barry, Deane and McCall and
I Lucy and Bourne, who boxed in pairs be
| tween speeches .and songs.
In the Forty-Third.
The Democratic Club of the Forty-third
{ Assembly District met last night in Cali
fornia Hall with President P. H. McCar
i thy in the chair. Speeches were made by
'• J. P. Booth, Clitus Barbour, S. B. Sum
ner, A. Kuhl and other members of the
! club, after which refreshments were
I served, i President McCarthy then named
I J. P. Booth, Otto Hess, Henry Toomey
j and R. M. Aguirre as finance committee
for the club. Secretary Shanahan re
i ported that ninety-two persons had signed
I the roll, making 1 a total membership of
| 318. The club adjourned to meet in Cali
fornia Hall next Wednesday evening.
Forty-Second Democrats Unite.
The two Buckley Democratic clubs of
the Forty-second District effected a con
solidation last night with a joint member
ship roll of 475 names. James O'Connor
was president: of "one club and John W.
Flynn of the other. Mr. O'Connor becomes
president of the new club and Mr. Flynn
vice president, with Charles Miers as re
cording secretary and- A. E. "Gozales as
financial secretary. On Thursday evening
a high jinks will be held to.ratify the con
solidation and to whoop up the campaign.
... "_* *■ ■ .. /
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. ' M. Rothschild, 824 Post st.
I the foolish woman evidently concluding'
I to die without acquainting the world with
the perfidy of her lover.
After learning the facts in the case Cor
oner Hill visited police headquarters and
invoked the aid of Captain of Detectives
Bohen in finding Seaver. He said he had
visited the telephone office, where he is
employed, but could get- no trace of him.
His object in asking the assistance of the
police in locating him was to hold him
until the inquest on the' body was held.
Coroner Hill Is of the opinion that
Seaver had jilted the unfortunate woman
and after brooding over his perfidy she
determined to die. r-io.?-
Mrs. Byrne, the mother of the young
woman, said last night that her daugh
ter had been enjoying a few weeks' va
cation from her labors in the telephone
office when she took the fatal dose.
"She seemed to regret that she had to
return to work," tearfully remarked her
fond parent, "as she feared that she
might lose her position for some reason.
She frequently spoke of the recent dis
missal of several of her chums from the
employ of the company and lived in fear
that she would be similarly treated. I
know she held Seaver in high esteem, but
it did not dawn upon me that she .was
in love with him." ■.-'.' .*...-
The bottle of carbolic acid, the contents
of which the .woman drank, was pur
chased in Oakland.
Seaver was seen last night at the
Beresford Hotel, where he is stonpln- -
He had not heard of the' sad event and
was much affected when lnioimed-oi n-e
case. "Why, I left her last night at her
house," he said, "and there wasn't the
lease indication of anything wrong with
Miss Byrne. I am simply dumfounded: it
seems so impossible. We spent a pleas
ant evening in the company of her sisters,
and when I left her house at 11 o'clock I j
went directly home.
"My relations with Miss Byrne have al
ways been pure and honest. I liked her
exceedingly and we were more as brother
and sister. Now that this has happened \
I recall something her sister said to me
last night. During the evening in the
midst of a general conversation she told
me that Anita seemed blue; that she no
ticed her crying at times, refusing to ex
plain the cause. Last night Anita re
ceived a telephohne message from the of
fice, saying that she was to report to
day at 12. Whether it was this or some
thing else that worried her I do not
know. ■'' ■■".'
"I can't understand for a moment why
she committed suicide," iterated young
Seaver. "We were always the best of
friends, and this is a deep- shock to me.
I swear that my relations with her were
none other than the most honorable in
the world." ';•; .:•■:; .';;.
MR. VALENTINE'S
ARTICLES NOT
"UNMAILABLE"
No Law Against Anti-
Expansion Ideas.
— ♦ —
Postal Inspector Munro received by
mail yesterday forenoon in an Examiner
envelope a page of a weekly paper con
taining an article by. John J. Valentine,
president of the Wells-Fargo Express
Company, giving his opinions as to the
policy of imperialism. ' .■?". ;
Mr. Munro had been asked on the pre
ceding day what he would do if . treas
onable articles and pamphlets, were sent •
to the postoffice to be forwarded to United
States soldles in the Philippines, and he
had replied that so-called treasonable
writings had not been included in the
laws covering unmailable matter, and
that it was the province of the adminis
tration to define what writings should be
considered treasonable. . He had no juris
diction, he said, over articles criticizing
the Government, unless specially in
structed by the authorities at Washing
ton, and he bad received no instructions
on the subject. • .. ;
Mr. Munro said yesterday that no one,
not even the Postmaster, had a right to ,
open a package. of first-class mail matter
and examine it to ascertain whether or
not. its contents were treasonable. Mail
matter of the first class— that is, mail pre
paid with letter postage and sealed so
that its contents cannot be examined
without breaking the seal— is immune
from molestation. All that Mr. Valentine
would have to do would be to ' seal his
articles in an envelope, put letter postage
on and address the letters to any one he
chose, and the local postal authorities
would be powerless to interfere. Even if
they knew that Mr. Valentine was the
author, they could not break open the
letters. All that could be done would, be
to hold the suspected letters in case the
postoffice authorities at . Washington
should so direct. - r
"Now that Mr. Valentine's article has
been sent to me." added Mr. Munro. "I
shall report to Washington for instruc
tions. I can do nothing of my own mo
tion."
Postmaster Montague said that if he
knew that articles of the kind mentioned
were being mailed he would take the re
sponsibility on himself and prevent them
reaching their destination. He would pre
fer, however, that the postal inspectors
should take the Initiative.
Going to Lake Tahoe To-MorrowP
The Friday to Monday Tahoe excur
sion tickets recently put on sale by the
Southern Pacific afford residents of
Sari Francisco, - Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley an unparalleled opportunity
for an enjoyable and diversified outing.
Two days at that famous mountain
resort and a steamer trip around the
lake at the small cost of $10 80 is an
opportunity which the traveling public
should not- fail to take advantage of.
Remember the train leaves San Fran
cisco at 6 p. m. on Fridays and returns
on Mondays.
Buried the Hatchet.
White-winged peace abides again with
the warring factions in the Democracy of
the Twenty-eighth Assembly "District.
They all came together last night in an
enthusiastic meeting at the district club's
quarters and listened to . some good
speeches. George Cabaniss and Hon. M.C.
Hasset were the orators. The administra
tions of the Mayor and Assessor Wash
ington Dodge were indorsed.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family anil
medicinal 'use because It is pure. ..V;.
Officers Installed.
; At the last meeting of the local Dray
men's and Teamsters' Union the following
officers were Installed: Thomas F. Nu
nan, president; R. Button, vice president;
J. B. Niderost. financial secretary; George
C. Evers, financial secretary; C. J. Barrie,
sergeant at arms: trustees— C. D. fivers,'
William Raubinger, William Grutz
macher. • - _" • ._;;-.-, >:?•■
Bag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp A Street, tamale Grotto; nightly. ! '
Hales. _j_ __? aIe,S -
y_v Deimel linen mesh underwear saves doctor's bills,
*^mS^m/ && /£/ * A*^>® <^£k
*B -___W_Wy n,n '^ gggggs>*^
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
> Enough news for
J
w ■ -■.. •■;■_•:'> ■ It's a newsy store, this
. a dozen stores. m-B
s. '_ . linery, for instance —
' $10 hats for $2 or $3. (Closing out the novelties.) Then
! - the wash goods and the suit department— both bubbling over
1 with news to tell. And domestics and curtains and hammocks
) and trunks— all with a story that can but partly be told.
> Madras Glngham-A 36-inch cotton fabric in fancy stripes, on
Pink blue or lavender ground. Some of this season's most popular
.. SjleV show broken assortment.. A 10c V^**^*™*^
Nottingham' Lace Curtains-100 pair of Nottingham lace cur-
1 . tains 3 yards long by 36 inches wide, to be closed out to-day; white
or ecru;- fine for bedrooms. Here is a snap .»•»<• a pair
Hemmed Sheets, thoroughly bleached, large sized, 90x90 Inches,
V good quality muslin, a 2-inch hem,. at Hales ...4.c each
1 White Pique— 2o pieces of 28-inch white pique to be closed out
to-day, fine corded effects; a 10c quality; the balance of the lot to
,_ go at * C a >am
J Flat-Topped Trunks, covered with heavy brown waterproof
' duck sheet-iron bottom. Inside tray and hat box; a good strong
k knockabout trunk; a safe protector for your belongings.
) 28 inches »4.50|34 Inches .'...|5.25
30 inches $4.75 36 Inches Sli'llil
32 inches $5.00.38 inches ....•_;.. SO.OO
40 inches ..• J?0..»0
*. Genuine Alligator Club Bags, covered frame. This Is an elegant
J bag and will give fine service; 16 inches long $0.00 each
W Imitation Alligator Club Bags, Japanned frame, a good strong
1 bag for ordinary usage, 16 inches long S£l.__.o each
Hammocks, closely woven, cotton twine, pretty colors, stretcher
t and pillow, good strong hammocks from OOc to 84.00 each
/ Stove Polish — One box of enameline and a stove mitt, a com-
bination to make your stove shine. The mitt and polish both
together for 9c
Stew Pans— lt is time for canning fruit; you ought to be inter-
\ ested in stew pans. A 6-quart granite steel stew pan, very deep,
* ought to last a lifetime. At Hale's 28c
1 Crash Separate Skirts A good wide hem at the bottom, full
width, well made. It costs no more to have them fit perfectly and
these 'fit that way. Nice. for picnics and summer outings.. 49c each
Crash Skirts— Neat little stripes, wide hems, full width; just
J what you want for a vacation GSceach
■ Separate skirts, extra heavy crash; about- as nearly perfect as
a skirt can be, thoroughly well made and a perfect fit, hangs beau-
% tifully • .81.-5 each
/ . _ _— ■ ■ ►
) Another reduction in millinery.
Still deeper cuts. The greatest values this department has ever
offered. The reductions we quote below are bona fide. We ask
you to see the hats. Description and detail would be useless.
\ These prices are new to-day :
' Hats that were $10 now reduced to $3 and $4
Hats that were $8 now reduced to .$2 and 2.50
Hats that were $6 now reduced to .......$1 and $1.50
w Children's Hats that were £2, $3, $4 and $5 now reduced to
/ 50c to $1.50
■y_ . i
3-Day Specials !
Lots of ways to save trouble and annoy-
ance. The best is to buy right at the
right place. Try Rath Jen's.
CLARET. Zinfandel, gal ..40c
Good choice old table wine.
Regular price. # 75c.
FLUID BEEF, Burnham'S
box of 12 bots. SOc.
• "cine bottle will make a delicious
cup of beef tea. already seasoned.
Regular price, 3.c.
PINEAPPLE, large tin 20c
Whole Singapore, eyed and cored.
Regular price, SEC.
SICILY LEMONS, dozen 16c
The very choicest.
Regular price, 150.
BRANDY COCKTAIL, bot BOc
Blended and bottled in bond from
the finest old - liquors. Unsurpassed as
an appetizer. Regular price. 75c.
MAPLE SYRUP, qt. bot 35c
Pure Vermont maple syrup.
Delicious with "hot cakes.
Regular price, 50c.
Nail and Telephone Orders Given Prompt Attention.
CATALOGUE FREE.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone Wei t 153.
NOPAI.y_ANOPAIN
UNTII\~/30
AUG-I^Y-AVSONLy
20 per cent discount on all Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER fIND STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crowo* $3.50. Plates $5. Fining 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED. ■ : '>v
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
4 CA 1051-l___llT_l.tet.B__A7th.S.r.fcl. 4
\ — j\ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _
W "> __BS_% __>_. Wor, d- ' Weaknesses or, any contracted M
_^* 9_S __M disease poaltivrl}' cared hythe oldest T
9 ISSI Speaaliit on the Coast. Est. 36 year. 9
i d* J J OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 6
__ FvtSroß Consultation free and strictly private. _.
W M AJrv_.B Tr, ltment personally or by letter. A*
\8 If « M ""•'"" C-«in every case undertaken. T
MV if 11 A Write for Book. I>M II.OSOI'UV A
X •■ II BARRIAGE, MAILED FREB. (..f
X M IL valuable book for men) • *
r DR. JORDAN _k CO., 1051 Market St., S.F. f ■
•EVERYTHING FOR HOME COMFORT. "
CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
__.ys<*_'/**
_fc_wrf^^s_ rx
J| __2_SS__S _f **"_»- v %
\J *^y&KSßSi_BKß___tiir^^_/
1? }S__ WftrmwrT tfliw^uCSk fL \'%
mm -r*C& -*B '_„' ' '»^v_\J 1
;^^^^^i
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
A SETTEE (LIKE <tv mm _f\_f\
■ CUT), in cherry or »H»>- . II I
oak upholstered Vv»VV
DON'T BE ASHAMED TO ASK .FOR
CREDIT. YOU HAVE AS MUCH
RIGHT TO ENJOY ITS PRIVILEGES
AS YOUR FORTUNATE NEIGHBOR
WHO HAS A BANK ACCOUNT.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
lOIT-1023 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth
Phone South li. Open -.rentage.
NOTICE.
Assessment Book . of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City and County of San
; Francisco, City Hall building, second floor, July
4, 1839.
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
j with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
: the Assessment Book of the City and County of
i Ban Francisco, for the year 1899, has been com-
i pleted and delivered to me, as Cleric of the
i Board of Supervisors, together with the map
I books and statements, and will be open for ex-
: amination in this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
j 4 o'clock- p. m., and that said Board of Super-
i visors met to examine the Assessment Book
; and equalize the assessment of property therein
; on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3, 1899, at _
o'clock, and will thereafter continue ln session
from time to time until the business of equal-
-1 ization presented to them is disposed of. but not
later than the 17th day of July. 1899.
Applications for. correction of assessment of
1 real estate and personal property are required
, to be verified by oath.
i Public notice is also given, that in accordance
with sections 1897. 1899 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and Is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
EYE-GLASS
CUP,
Which we attach (for 50 cents). Don't slip-
I tilt— or waver— lt is always put in our new
| eyeglasses without extra charge.
.' . Pacific Coast Agents for
i Bausch & Lomb-Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses
' Goertz Trleder Binoculars. .
j Oculists' prescriptions . filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPnC.ANS^ . I >hic^A,u..
642 Market St. instrument.
IMD-R CKOniCit BUUoin<-
P.' Chichester's Englls- Diamond Braa-. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^"_v Original and Only tieauln _. a.
mZlt 71rv?A £*"• a: ' ,1T _. «tt__lo. ladie_ «_ _W\
' _r__7__l^_t__. Drn sS ls for Chichcutcr . v <,,. [> ._(■%>
__T'"^-K?B_ Tr '' Brand In Red and Gold meraiacv'-jH?
_■_. S^W?_ ""' * aied wixh bloc ribbon Take VBT
JIJ *4 5v3" 0 ether. Reflet dor,gern.j ..uftj.if* V
I / "~ .■ /If «-_• and "»■'»''• na. *« P: ..g l itl i, or ma 4a.
: IX _* l?^'?? I^** 10 ' , pi _.. leul tr»' ««ttooni__s _«.
\v* WS Keller Tor Ladles," ™ letter, »m-.
IAT g.H_l 10.000 T«^ on i_jf^__U'Jw.
_____MrT,r^* h ~ t « r^«^ ,^«*.»*€_<wr^«_^
•__b7_Ui_jc_ior__gUt_. - -»B___a)__;K_r