VOLUME LXXXYI-KO. 139.
VICTORY PERCHES ON
THE SPEEDY COLUMBIA
In the First Actual Race of the Present Series for the America's
Cup the Defender Outsails the Shamrock From Start
to Finish.
+ ♦♦-♦-♦♦♦♦♦-♦--♦••♦-•♦-♦-♦■♦-»■
♦ ♦
-♦• NEW TORK, Oct. 17.— Favorable -♦• ;
-♦- weather Is predicted for to-day's -♦-
-♦- race. The wind, it Is predicted, will + j
-♦- be from easterly to southerly, with ♦
-♦- a velocity from ten to twenty miles -♦ 1
-f an hour. -♦•
-♦• The race to-day will be over the ♦
-♦- triangular course, ten miles to the -♦-
-f leg. and the Shamrock wi,!! have an ♦
-♦- opportuuity to show what she an ♦
-♦- do at her favorite point of sailing. -+
-♦• ♦
-♦• ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-►♦♦ ♦ -♦- + ♦♦♦♦-♦"♦-♦
<n f? EW YORK. Oct. 16.— Hail to Co
|^SNj lumbia! Victory is hers. Nine
! A minutes and forty-seven seconds
[I, Jj, ahead of the challenger, at th.c
outer mark, and ten minutes and
fourteen seconds In the lead at
the finish. There is the record for the
first rare— that old. almost obsolete one
of fifteen miles to windward or to lee
ward, which had seemed as though it
wculd never be run.
But with the mist and fog of to-day [
there came a fair racing wind, and on Its
heels rode some surprises. With th. gray
drizzle swirling through her canvas the
Columbia, the much abused and somewhat
discredited' defender, owed that despite
all criticism she is still worthy of all con
fidence and of all praise. And she showed
it from the moment the starting gun was
fired, and from the time when the two
racers swept over the line— the Shamrock
having then a slight lead over her rival—
tr , reP seconds the judges counted.
instead of another languid drive before
failing winds, this contest began with a
lively beat against a freshening easterly
breeze. The mainsail, club topsail, .lib.
baby jib and staysail the Shamrock was
wearing as she went spinning across the
line and away in tbe southwest, where
fifteen miles away, the outer mark was
anchored. Gaily cutting her way through
the waters, she seemed conscious that if
Fhe were not to win, at least she was
not to be eaten, so often had she man
aged to show her heels to the Herreshoff
racer, or to quit on even or very nearly
even terms with the boat on occasions
•when the races were declared off. .
With wet bows swinging and reeling and
occasional splashes of spray over her
deck, the Columbia went driving .in pur
suit of the flying leader. The one seemed
saucy, careless even: the other bent on
winning. Observers had not had too great
cause for admiring the set of the Co
lumbia's sails, but all marveled at the
superb fit of her canvas. Nor was there
any lifting of leaches or any other indi
cation to show thai the Herreshofl boat
was paring the wind too fine. Instead,
every fitltch seemed to be doing all the
work of which 11 was capable, and the
foam swishing away from the bow told.
how well that was done. Abeam of the
Shamrock drew the Columbia, and then
daylight, such as it was. showed between
them. That was within less than two
minutes of the start. Fool fast and
pointing high the Columbia opened the
pap stll! wider, and steadily, surely, drew
farther and farther in the lead.
The Shamrock seemed then to realize
that this was to bo no day of fooling if
the cup wore to be won, and trimm.ng
her sheets flat aft she endeavored to tie
close to that easterlng wind. Hut In spite
of all her ardent efforts to hug still closer
that breeze from her native isle the Co
lumbia continued to outpoint and to out-
foot the Irish yacht.
The day was dismal, -with its fop and
drizzle, and bo thick was the weather at
times that both yachts were almos. nid
den from view. The big Plant l'i.e
steamship Grand Duchesse. from which
Marconi was sending his wireless teleg
*vr.aphy report to the Herald and '' he Call,'
rode within one mile of the racers, but
often vapor boiled up in banks so thick
that it was difficult to discern the yachts.
The San Francisco Call
At times one would show like a fai/.t
blur In the thickness, while the other
would look like a patch or' .whiter fog.
But it was for brief Intervals only that
the yachts were veiled from observers. on
the Grand Duchesse. And every time the
vapor thinned and a clear view was had
of th.c racers a shout of acclaim would
go up from the decks of the big steam
ship, tor it was plainly seen that the ■
American boat was not only maintaining
the lead which she had gained, but was
steadily increasing it.
The wind had freshened to good twelve
miles an hour and to a racing yacht '
showing as much canvas as the Columbia
exposed, that certainly seemed enough to
give. her a sharp heel. Upright as the just ;
the Columbia sped along, pointing in t.,e j
wind and plainly outfooting the slippery!
Irish cutter. Then came an effort at
jockeying on the part of Captains Ho
garth and Wrings In a futile effort to out- 1
do the Columbia by maneuvering. They i
failed signally.
The Columbia was under the same rig j
as was the Shamrock and to many ciose j
observers it seemed that she was handled j
even better. One thing was patent to all]
who looked, and that was that Captain
Barr did not mean for the Shamrock to j
get away from him. Thus, when the,
Shamrock spun upon her heel just one- ;
half hour after crossing the line, the o
lumbia Immediately followed si.it, still j
holding the weather berth. Eight minutes
later the Shamrock came about again, the I
Columbia following the Shamrock, which j
was then on the starboard tack. Her
filled sails had no more than given her I
RECORD OF CUP RACES UP TO DATE.
The following is a record of the races for the America's Cup,
giving the dates of the contests, the contesting yachts and the
corrected time of each of the winners:
Time.
Aug. 27, 1 85 1, America won from Aurora in 20:00
Au£. 8, 1870, Magic won from Cambria in . J . . '. . . '. . . .39:12
Oct. 16, 1871, Columbia won from Livonia in ..... .25:28
Oct. 18, 1871, Columbia won from Livonia 'in. '..... .10:33
Oct. 19, 1871, Livonia won from Columbia in ... 15:10
Oct. 21, 1871, Sappho won from Livonia in . . 30:21
Oct. 23, 1871, Sappho won from Livonia in 25:27
Aug. 11, 1876, Madeline won from Cntess of Duff. in. 10:59
Aug. 12, 1876, Madeline won from Cntess of Duff. in. 27:14 .
Nov. 9,-1881, Mischief won from Atalanta in. . : . .... 28:20 1-4
Nov. 10, 1881, Mischief won from Atalanta in . ..... ; 38:54
Sept. 14, 1885, Puritan won from Genesta in .-. . . . . . 16:19
Sept. 16, 1885, Puritan won from Genesta in :.... .....1:38
Sept. 7, 1886. Mayflower won from Galatea in... . . . : . 12:02
Sept. 1 1, 1886, Mayflower won from .Galatea in . . ... .-.29:09
Sept. 27, 1887, Volunteer won from Thistle in.", .v; .\ .19:23 3-4
Sept. 30, 1887, Volunteer won from Thistle in. . . . .'. . .11:483-4
Oct. 7, 1893, Vigilant won from Valkyrie in ..... . 5:48
Oct. 10, 1893, Vigilant won from Valkyrie in ..... ... 10:35
Oct. 13, 1893, Vigilant won from Valkyrie in... ; :40
Sept. 7, 1895, Defender won from Valkyrie 111 in. .... 8:49
Oct. 16, 1899, Columbia won from Shamrock in. 10:08
'".7:. ■■■•' 7 7777: * ■■■ :■ . .
■OBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBS B 808 O B OB»B.OBOBoBOBOBOB.OBOB
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
headway before she swung around to the
port tack. The next moment the Colum
bia's head .sails were shivering and
around to the same tack she went. Back
to the old tack went the Shamrock and
pitiless as fate the Columbia followed.
Within the next ten minutes the Sham
rock tacked half a dozen times, but she
could no more shake off the Columbia
than she could her shadow. Every time
she came about the Columbia came about
also, and finally -convinced that there was
nothing to be gained by that sort of work.
she gave up jockeying and bent all her en
ergy to overcoming that big lead which
the Columbia had gained. But plain sail
ing helped the Shamrock no more than did
the jockeying which she had vainly at
tempted.
Opinion as to the merits of these two
boats had been much divided by their per
formances during the indecisive tests of
last week and the week before. Some were
of the opinion that the Shamrock would
show better when reaching against a brisk
wind than the Herreshoff boat. Others held
a different view, and these are now con
vinced that the Shamrock is no match for
the Columbia when going against the
wind. In the language of a devotee who
went down to the . races on board the
Grand Duchesse, the Yankee cutter "made
a show of the Shamrock." That yacht was
almost lost in the haz« astern when the
excursion fleet took up its position off the
outer mark and .waited the outcome of
that beat against the wind. The question
was not then which boat would round it
Continued on Second Page.
AMERICANS ARE PLANNING AN
EXPEDITION TO THE TRANSVAAL
I /-> ALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL- I
if INGTON HOTEL. WASHING-
T I TON, Oct. 16.— 1t. is .reported here |
4> I j to-night that . plans are being se
♦ cretly prepared in Washington I
4> to send a large private expedition
♦ to the Transvaal. The chief promoter of
♦ the scheme Is said to be a retired array
T officer, and back of the project are said
♦ to be several men of military experience,
♦ mining experts and capitalists,
i -whose purpose is to form a com-
I pany and ultimately secure control of a
* portion of the gold fields of the South
* African republic The plan, so far as
& can be definitely ascertained, is to or
♦ ganize a mining and colonization com
<§> pany, with the ostensible purpose of go
' t *+■<$>-+-<$>-•-&-+- & -*~<^-«-4' -•-&-•-_' ♦- ©
Ing to South Africa, taking up some
claims and working In the gold fields
and affording them protection, whether
from the British or Boers.
The scheme contemplates that the main
body of recruits will be composed of
hardened frontiersmen, Indian fighters,
cowboys, miners and. daring adventurers,
not unlike the Rough Riders of the Span
ish war. Although they are .to be
equipped for fighting the company ex
pects to evade the neutrality laws by the
fact that It Is to be organized as a colo
nization and mining project. While rep
resentatives of the company are in the
West quietly working up the matter ar
rangements are being made In the East
to provide a ship for transportation. It
is stated that the plans are so far com
pleted as to enable the expedition to start
upon comparatively short notice when
the situation in the Transvaal has
reached that stage when it would be
deemed wisest to have the expedition
embark.
OPERATIONS OF
THE INVADING BOERS
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Dispatches from the
Cape are very meager to-night, but they
Include an important message from Glen
coe Camp, dated 3:35 this (Monday) after
noon, announcing that the Boer comman
dos, which Invaded Natal through Laings
Neck and, after occupying Newcastle, ad
vanced to Pannhauser, retired on Ingag
ene yesterday evening, their transport ser
vice being reported defective. This will
delay indefinitely the anticipated and
hoped for assault on the strong British
position at Glencoe.
Another dispatch reports activity on the
part of the Free State commando in the
neighborhood of Allwalnorth, on the
southern frontier. The Boers' advance
patrol, the dispatch says, go to the fron
tier bridge nightly to keep watch, firing
shots at intervals as signals. It Is believed
the enemy intends shortly to try to rush
the railway station, with the help' of ar
tillery posted on a ridge commanding the
town.
There are rumors that the Boers have
been repulsed at Mafeking and are at
tacking Vryburg.
A Cape Town paper has a dispatch from
the Orange River stating that the tele
Scene of the South African War.
graph wires have been cut between Vry
burg and Kimberley ar.d It Is believed that
the Boers are taking advantage of the
presence of a large gathering of disloyal
farmers at Vryburg celebrating Nacht
maal to attack the town, hoping the farm
ers will assist them against the British.
The same dispatch says that the British
force at Kimberley Is confident of its
ability to hold out, but advises the dis
patch of a relief force. This question of a
possible rising of the Dutch farmers in the
northern portions of Cape Colony is very
important.
The Daily Mail's correspondent at Coles
burg has been inquiring regarding the
matter and on the whole thinks the
chances are against a rising. He bases
his opinion on the'prospect of good crops
after four lean years, which he believes
will predispose the farmers to peace. Nev
ertheless there is serious distrust and
much anti-British agitation in these dis
tricts, while the Free State Boers threaten
an immediate invasion of Colesburg and
Allwalnorth.
The Daily Mail's correspondent asserts
that Sir Alfred Mllner is worked to death
and that Cape Town is surging with bit
ter resentment at what is called the
Schreiner cabinet's betrayal of Mafeking
by its constant refusal to send a force of
volunteer artillery thither. Many . resi
dents of Cape Town have relatives at
Vryburg, and they are furious with
Merriem and Souer, respectively colonial
treasurer and commissioner of public
works, and the Ministers are mobbed
whenever they appear in public. Mr.
Hoffmeyer, the Afrikander leader, has
gone to the country In order to escape the
outburst of Indignation. On Sunday night
the streets were filled with angry citizens,
and it was feared that rioting would oc
cur. This, combined with the pressure
of the Imperial Government, brought the
Schreiner government to a sense of its
peril as well as of Its duty and moved
it to decide to call out the volunteers.
The Ministerial party also worked Its
hardest to prevent the ovation to Conyng
ham Greene on his arrival from Pretoria,
but failed. The volunteers are "000 strong
and have eleven pieces of artillery.
The Natal Invasion was made in three
columns at dawn on- the 12th through
Pothas Pass, Laings Neck and from Wak
kerstroom, the objective point of the in
vaders being Newcastle. The Boers utll
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ized several thousand natives who were
tramping from the Rand to drive their
heavy guns up Laings Neck.
Precautions are being taken for the de
fense of Pietermaritzburg and Durban, in
the remote contingency that the enemy
may elude the vigilance of the British at
Ladysmith and Glencoe camps.
A dispatch from the latter place says
the partial closing down of the Natal
commercial lines will not interrupt the
supplies for the imperial transports at
Durban, as is imagined by the Boers,
large quantities of coal being already on
the way there from India. Regular ship
ments will arrive from India until the
Natal mines open again.
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Times says he learns on the highest au
thority that there is no truth in the
statement • being circulated— doubtless
with seditious motives— that the imperial
Government has decided to place small
bodies of troops in the country district.
Martial law, he says, has been proclaimed
at Mafeking. Vryburg, Taungs, Herbert
and Barkley West.
Dispatches from Dundee say that ac
cording to the report of refugees the Boer
invaders of Natal are estimated at 16,
--000. All the non-combatants and women
and children have been sent from Dun
dee. The news that the Boers had ar
rived at Dannhauser raised hopes that
they would risk an engagement In he
open, but it Is now ascertained that the
detachment which reached there was only
a small advance body of Commandant
General Joubert's main column. The ad
vance of the Boers was accompanied by
some looting of stores at Newcastle and
Ingagene.
The refugees assert that Commandant
Viljoen's command contains a surprising
number of Hollanders, Germans and Eng
lishmen.
GERMAN GUNNERS
AMONG THE BOERS
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 16.— The Orange Free
State troops have cut the telegraph wires
and destroyed the railroad track at Nor
vals Point, just across the Orange Free
State southern borders.
A dispatch from Dundee, Natal, says
Continued on Third Page.2
BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY THE CALL AGAIN DISTANCES RIVALS IN GIVING NEWS OF YACHT RACE'
KINETOSCOPIC RECORD OF THE BIG CROWD READING MARCONI'S YACHT-RACE BULLETINS TO THE CALL.
. ■-■'
£=Tj=3HE Examiner Yellow Kid was
compelled yesterday to take another
\3ose of Marconi medicine, war
£ ranted to cure chronic jaundice and
stiffness of joints in the most de
generate journalism. All San Francisco
looked on at the discomfiture of the
graceless brat. He squirmed and rebelled
at first, but a continuous application of
The Call's bulletin board to thai part of
his anatomy whereon blisters grow most
rapidly brought him to his senses and he
submitted, truculently, as might be ex
pected under the circumstances.
All of last week the yellow kid hung
around the corner of Third and Market
streets blustering and telling what he In
tended to do to "dat dago Macaroni," as
he called the great Italian inventor, when
that yacht race was sailed. He behaved
like the little hoodlum that he is. He re
sorted to lies to back up his boasts and
every morning came out with a new one.
He handled these falsehoods with such
impunity that he began to believe none of I
them were loaded. He knows better
now. He knows:
"The time has come," th* Walrus said,
"To talk of many things:
Of shoes, and ships, and sealing wax.
Of cabbages, and kings,
And why the sea is boiling hot
And whether pigs have wings
The time has come when the yellow
Examiner kid is willing to talk of any
thing but wireless telegraphy. That Is
taboo In his hearing.
He knows now that he deliberately told !
a whopper when he published that story
to the effect that under the Marconi sys
tem of wireless telegraphy not more than
fifty words an hour could be sent. The j
Call disproved that statement long asm
with its bulletins and could have had fig
ures from the Western Union Telegraph
Company to disprove it. but it bided litl
yesterday. Thousands of people saw the
result. The Call received and posted on
Its bulletin board during the progress of
the first decisive contest between the Co
lumbia and Shamrock, just eighty bul- !
letins of the race; the yellow Examiner
kid posted exactly thirty-nine, ess than !
half that number, and some of these he -
garbled from The Call.
In the -eighty bulletins displayed by this
paper there were just lOfio words of de
scription; in the thirty-nine posted by the
Examiner yellow kid there were 192,
mostly "guess" and "perhaps" and "ap
VICTORY PERCHES ON
THE SPEEDY COLUMBIA
Continued from First Pns?.
first, but by what margin the Columbia
would do It. Right grano.iv she swept to
ward the turning point, her sails showing
faint and shadowy in the mist that was
then veiling the ocean, and as the mark
came slipping by her port bow and beam
every whistle from every steamship was
let loose in loud acclaim of the victory
which the American yacht had won.
There were many of the Columbia's en
thusiasts on board the Grand Duchesse,
and there was an impromptu war dance
when the American yacht, after rounding
the mark, dropped her spinnaker boom to
port and swinging her main boom to star
board, -broke out the spinnaker and bal
loon jib and under that great cloud of can
vas started on the homeward run. a lace
work of foam aoout her bow and seas
brimming under her counter and along her
rail. The graceful undulations see..., to
be ore marked as she drew abeam of the
laggard ShamrocK still reaching for the
outer mark. Dropping a courtesy to her
rival, one so pronounced that it almost
dipped her bellying balloon jib aback, the
Yankee cutter then flirted her heels at the
Shamrock and sped into a bank of mist
which came rolling by just then as If to
shield the other's defeat.
To those who wen eager to follow the
Columbia in her run back to the light
ship, the wait for the Sham
rock to round the outer mark seemed a
long and tiresome one. The Columbia
had vanished In a drift of vapor and to
the excursionists it seemed as though the
Shamrock would never get to the mark
or around it. Eager they all were to fol
low the American boat Jn her homeward
flight, for never was a finer picture pre
sented than that she showed as she drove
into that bank of mist, her sails looking
ghostlike as they faded into Indistinctness
and finally disappeared. It was all imagi
nation, of course, but it looked to the
watchers as though some of the lead
colored atmosphere, some of the weight
of that dense fog, had got into the Sham
rock's keel. Slowly she drew toward the
bobbing mark, and a bit sluggishly, half
heartedly it seemed, she rounded it, and
then with booms -swing and bellying
spinnaker and balloon jib added to her
other sails, took up the trail of the van
ished leader. That she had many admir
ers in the excursion fleet, or that the ex
cursionists felt magnanimity toward the
vanquished, was shown by the noisy,
long-drawn-out whistles which greeted
the somewhat delayed performance of
getting around the tutnfng mark.
Long before the leading yacht had
reached the finish line lt was a foregone
conclusion that the victory was the Co
lumbia's. Even the most extreme of the
Shamrock's advocates admitted that, and
none of those hesitated to say thai the
reason of It was that the Shamrock had
been outsailed.
The Irish boat was hopelessly beaten in
work to windward, beaten so badly that
even her most optimistic followers had
little or no hope of her being able to over
come the lead which the Columbia gained
on the first leg. There were some who
for a few minutes held to the belief that
the Shamrock might overcome that ad
vantage on the homeward run, but these
did not hold that view long. And. still
fewer, if any there were, who believed
that the Shamrock would be so cleanly, so
overwhelmingly defeated as she was In
to-day's struggle. Despite the weather
conditions it was magnificent and to the
few who saw it, it made up for the re
peated disappointments of the past. The
excursion crowd was a small one, for the
day was anything but promising, and
there had been so many failures in the
past that comparatively few took chances
with the weather.
pears to be." Just to show what is
meant by this, read a few samples of the
bulletins posted by «the yellow fellow.
Here they are taken verbatim from his
bulletin board, quotations calling atten
tion to the perhapses:
N. V., noon— Shamrock gains a little. "Al
most Impossible" to see boats through heavy
fog.
X. v.. 12:24 p. m.— Columbia still gaining,
though Shamrock "appears" to be pointing
higher.
X. Y. (no time)— Columbia to windward and
"seems" to be half a mile ahead.
I/.>n« Branch, 12:33 p. m. A signal from the
elated Press dispatch boat Wanda, now
off this shore, says the Columbia was leading
so long as she could distinguish the two yachts.
Far Rockaway, 2:01 p. ni.— Short beach life
saving station reports that they have heard
two whistles, s minutes apart, and they "sup
pose" that the yachts have turned the stake
boat at about those Intervals.
It would appear from the date lines of
these Examiner yellow kid bulletins that
he is caught in another lie. With a great
blowing of tin whistles he lingered a lot
for several days on" the announcement
that the Mackay-Bennett cable-boat
would follow the yachts over the course
and send out bulletins in the good old
fashioned way. No experiments for tho
yellow kid; no, slree. If he was telling
the truth, then, the Mackay-Bennett boat
is as wonderful as the Irishman's flea,
with its faculty of being in two or more
places "to wanst"— at New York, Fort
Rockaway and Long Branch at thi same
time.
There was no perhaps about The Call
bulletins and there was no experiment
about the Marconi messages, or delay in
their transmission. They came along,
without padding, to tell the running story
of the great yacht race to the waiting
crowds in front of the business offici of
this paper. They were posted far and
away ahead of any time made by the yel
low kid.
At 8:14. San Francisco time, The Call
posted Marconi's bulletin, "They are off."
Nineteen minutes afterward more
precisely, it 8:33 San Francisco time— the
Examiner posted a bulletin. "Race is on."
and began tooting on the tin whistle.
At 8:49. Ban Francisco time, The Call
posted: "11:47 a. First four miles
Columbia has gained half mile. Columbia
outpoint! Shamrock every way."
•At 9:12, San Francisco time. Hist twenty
three minutes later, the Examiner yellow
kid put out this one: ''11:40 a. m.—Co
lumbia leads by half a mile. Four miles
ha v." been covered." At Ihe same time
the kid took a long stick and, reaching to
the cornice, poked Shamrock ahead with
Like the true sportsman that he is. Sir
j Thomas Upton, after the race had been
. won and tost, admitted that he had been
fairly and squarely heaten. He had no
| apologies to make for his yacht, no ex
j cuses to offer, but ho has no thought of
j surrendering until the series is run.
TECHNICAL STORY
OF COLUMBIA'S
GREaT VICTORY
: NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The crews of both
yachts had breakfast early and when they
"turned to" soon after 8 o'clock it was
with a will, for, in spite of the rather
hazy weather, there was a good breeze
from the eastward, which promised to in
crease and give the yachts a good race at
last. Jibs and staysails were sent up in
stops on the stays, racing hatches put
i on, boats lashed and everything made
snug before 9 o'clock. At 9:15 the Co
lumbia cast oft from her moorings and
was taken in tow by a tug. The Sham
rock started In tow a few minutes later.
; Covers were on the mainsails and club
topsails to keep them dry until the last
; moment, as there was just enough fine
} rain to dampen them.
\ At 10 o'clock both yachts had reached
! the east end of Gedney's channel and at
j 10:10 the Columbia's crew began hoisting
; the mainsail. It was set in five minutes.
! The Shamrock's mainsail began to go up
j at the same time, but it was fully fifteen
i minutes before the sail was set.
At 10:23 both yachts cast off their tow
lines, broke out their jibs and mastheaded
: their No. 2 club topsail. The Columbia
', also sent up her baby jib topsail on the
stay. At the same time the committee
. boat Walter Duckenbach anchored due
: south of the Sandy Hook lightship and
sent up the course signal, lt was east,
• making it a beat dead to windward of
1 fifteen miles and a run back if the wind
; held from the same quarter.
! The regatta committee meant business
■. this morning, for a few minutes later
. they started the tug to log off the course
'. ana at 10:45 the preparatory signal was
made. Both yachts then began maneuver
, ing for positions, and at 1u:55, when the
I warning signal was given, they were
playing for a weather berth to the north
ward of the line, the Shamrock breaking
out her staysail at this time.
When two minutes were left before the
starting signal both yachts were head
| ing, a couple of lengths apart, to the
! westward, with booms to port, the Co
j lumbia to windward. The Shamrock be
j gan to head for the committee boat
which was lying at the south end of the
] line, Captain Fogarth's Intention ap
i parently oelng to stop the Columbia, then
I a length or so astern, from getting the
! weather berth. When the starting gun
was fired the Shamrock had run parallel
with the line to nearly the center of north.
She still held her course until nearly over
to the lightship before she began to luff
to cross the line. Captain Barr, on the
i Columbia, held his yacht well in hand
1 being at this time a good length astern
with sheets flat aft. He began to luff the
i moment Hogarth did and, shooting the
i Columbia across the Shamrock's wake
! ho sent her across the line more than
fifty yards to the windward* of the chal
lenger, and with such a goifd overlap on
her that, according to the official time
, she was only three seconds astern
The official time of the start was
j Shamrock, 11:01:03; Columbia, 11:01:06 "'
j Both yachts now were close hauled on
I the starboard .tack and were carry-inn
| exactly the same mainsail, club top
! sail, jib, foresail and baby jib topsail. As
j soon as the sheets were trimmed all
hands except the men stationed at the
head sheets jumped for the weather
side and huddled close down to the star
board rail, while the skippers watched
each other like hawks.
There were not many yachts or excur
sion steamers out in time to see the start.
Those on board the small fleet had a
splendid view of the start. The first ten
minutes were anxious ones for the friends
of both yachts. After that time it was
all over but the shouting. In five minutes
the Columbia had widened the distance to
I windward between herself and the Sham
' rock fully a length. She heeled more
. than the latter boat, but her sails were
all full and she was pointing higher from
{ the moment she started. Captain Ho- i
i garth, thinking that his boat would be i
THE SAN AN" CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
it. Then he turned and, reading !
one of his own misleading bulletins, began
prodding up Columbia so that the racers
■were neck and neck. How he had the
heart to give the Columbia the worst of it I
for half a mile is hard to explain when '
he flaunts a sign that he is "an American •
paper for the American people."
And so it went. Those reading The Call !
bulletins were kept fully informed of the
movements of the racers; those forced to !
depend on the yellow kid got an insight
into the old but interesting game of per- j
haps. A Marconi bulletin on The Call's j
board announced the turning of the stake- .
boat by Columbia seven minutes before
the Examiner posted that event. That
was pretty good for Marconi and pretty
bad for the yellow kid, but it was nothing j
to the finish.
At 12:55 p. m.. San Francisco time, the !
Examiner posted this bulletin:
NEW YORK, 3:15 p. m.—Colum
bia more than half way home.
Shamrock gaining, but Columbia
still lends by a mile. (Delayed in
transmission.)
Delayed in transmission! "No experi- !
ment, like wireless telegraphy," mind
you; only delayed in transmission. How !
much, do you think? Let the next two j
bulletins tell.
Less than ten seconds later The Call
threw the stars and stripes to the breeze
and posted:
Columbia Wins.
The big crowd in front of The Call
board gave one great yell and started to
separate. A number of people who all
morning had been comparing the Marconi '
messages with the "perhaps" system !
turned to the Examiner board to read
that "delayed In transmission" bulletin
announcing that the Columbia was more
than half way home.
"Gel a move on you there." some one
shouted to the yellow kid's bulletin com
missi. "What's the matter with
you?" yelled others. "Don't you know
the race is over? Columbia wins."
For four awful minutes the poor fellow !
stood tiie jibes, then he caved in. It was
too much for mortal man to stand. Some
body ran to him out of the crowd and '
spoke. Grabbing his brush, without hav
ing received any message from the yellow j
kid's other agents, he wrote "Columbia j
wins." A minute later the little yellow j
boy blew his tin whistle.
Delayed in transmission! Worse than
that: Telegrams received by "The ('all
during the progress of the race tell why. j
Here are three of them from its New
York correspondent:
X. V., 1 p. m. — Nothing cm b :«e.i front \
shore. Other papers are copying Marconi em- i
letirs. |
N. V., 1:03 p. m.— Herald wires Grand Duch- j
ISELIN AND UPTON TELL
HOW IT WAS DONE,
NEW YORK, Oct. 16. -When a cor
respondent visited the St. Michaels after
the race C. Oliver Iselin, with Mrs. Iselin
and a party of friends, had just arrived
from the Columbia and were gathered
aft of the little pilot house. There was
no particular sign of exultation on the
face of the managing owner of the cup
defender, though he did look extremely
well satisfied.
"I do not know," he said, "that I have
any particular comment to make. We
won to-day because we bad the better
boat. I have felt that all along. Now
othersf I think, will admit it. We tiro
ready to race to-morrow, and with a fair
wind and sea we are prepared to take our
chances with both. The boats sailed
well to-day. During the race we did not
have a hitch or accident of any sort.
Everything stood the strain in a perfect
manner."
The crew of the Columbia were board
ing the tender for supper as the cor
respondent drew away. Their enthu
siasm was a little more apparent than
that of the Iselin group, and Captain
Barr, who sat In the stern of his boat,
smiled in his own quiet way.
able to outfoot the Columbia sufficiently
to tack across her bow, a little later gave
her a good rap full. The green boat re
sponded nobly, and to some it appeared
that she was passing the Columbia very
fast. So she was, but she was losing out
ward ground every minute. When the
Shamrock tacked to port at 11:15 and the
Columbia thirty seconds later It was seen
that Barr had so placed his boat on the
weather bow of the Shamrock as to spill
the back wind into the Shamrock's sails.
Hogarth was obliged to keep broad off
about thirty seconds to get out from
under the Columbia's lee. By 11:20 the
Bristol boat was quite an eighth of a
mile to windward and outfooting and out
pointing her rival all the time.
Captain Hogarth, finding that the
Shamrock would not point as high as the
Columbia, flattened down his sheets as
hard as he dared and had to be contented
with giving her a good full and letting
her go at that. The Shamrock went about
to starboard at 11:33:30 and the Columbia
five seconds later. At 11:45:30. when the
Shamrock again tacked to port, the Colum
bia was fully a quarter of a mile to wind
ward of her. The latter tacked five sec
onds later. Captain Hogarth was getting
desperate now, and he resorted to his
short tacking tactics, in the hope that
his boat would forereach sufficiently to
make a material gain to windward. At
the conclusion of the struggle Hogarth
found himself farther to leeward than
ever, the Columbia having been, if any
thing, quicker in stays and a better fore
reacher. At 12:50:15, when the Shamrock
settle,! down again to business on the
port tack and the Columbia, after stand
ing on two minutes longer, came about to
the same tack, lt was found that the
Bristol boat was half a mile dead to
windward of her rival. In three more
tacks the Columbia still increased her
windward lead. The Shamrock people at
12:25 took in her baby jib topsail, hoping
that she might point better, but lt was in
vain, for in ten minutes they set the sail
again. It was taken in twenty minutes
later for a few minutes. Each yacht
made twelve tacks in the windward work
and in all these the Shamrock took the
Initiative. Captain Barr waited for Ho
garth to tack, and with but one or two
exceptions he put the Columbia about
within thirty seconds of the other boat.
The last half-dozen tacks made were
longer than the others. The outer mark,
which had been obscured by fog, was vis
ible to the yachts soon after 1:30. The
wind became lighter as they approached
it. but it increased a little in force as the
Columbia made her last tack. She looked
very handsome as she approached the
mark on the port before she had fairly
made the turn and as she squared away
on her homeward course the great sail
was broken out from stops. The.s ame
moment the main boom swung far off to
starboard. They were exactly eighty-five
seconds setting the spinnaker. The Sham
rock's men beat them only five seconds iv
this work. i-> ■ *, :"■■■,"• '■'-- ;■-■■ -;.'--'>• .
The official time at the turn was: Co
lumbia, 1:48:19; Shamrock, 1:58:03.
This shows that the Columbia was 9:49
1 erse: "We are all alone with bulletins; other |
papers copying." ; .- . .
N. V., 1:06 p. m.— Other papers copying or j
guessing.
In the fact of this severe lesson will
the yellow Examiner kid still continue to
fake and guess .and play perhaps? Will
he ever become a little gentleman, admit
his mistake and apologize to Marconi and j
The Call and admit what a shameless |
little liar he has been? Or will he brazen .
it out, with his tongue In his cheek and !
his thumb and fingers distended and ex
tended from his nose, and try to make '<
the people of San Francisco believe that
black is white, that fakes are news? Who
knows? Probably! To-day he will, may
be, have another try at perhaps. The |
Call is prepared for him and promises, in
addition, to give the readers of its bul
letins the best story of the race fresh
from the air waves generated by Marconi.
There is every prospect for the race,
which will be over the triangular course.
To illustrate it clearly, The Call has built
a triangular course In front of Its busi
ness office, and over this the yachts will
be moved in the relative manner they :
move over the real course. You cannot ;
afford to miss it. The yellow kid will be :
tanned as a side show in full view of the j
audience.
MARCONI'S MARVELOUS
WORK IN SENDING NEWS
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— 1t was a race in
a fog, and Signor Marconi rose to the
occasion as did the gallant Columbia.
Standing calmly at the key of his in
strument, on board the Grand Duchesse,
the inventor of the wireless telegraphy
system flashed the news of the Ameri
can victory to a waiting world, while all
other agencies were silent. The elements
themselves seemed to have conspired to
defeat the old methods of reporting yacht
races.
The course was from the Sandy Hook
lightship straight out to sea, taking the
contesting yachts many miles away from
Navesink Highlands and other observa
tion points on the Jersey shore. From
the moment the yachts left their anchor
age and moved outside the Hook, they
were lost to vision from the land. Car
rier pigeons released from the excursion
boats that followed the yachts refused to
fly through the haze and perched on
other boats. Balloons sent aloft from
tugs within view of the racers could not
be distinguished two miles away, and
they were useless signals.
With all other systems failing, Marco
ni's wonderful invention was unaffected
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.-Sir Thomas
Eipton took his defeat with the spirit of
a true sportsman. "It was a fair and
square race," said he, when Interviewed '
on board the Erin. "We wore beaten
fairly. No two boats ever stilled a better '
race and they were equally well handled, ]
as far as I could see "
Speaking of the Columbia he said: "She
is a fine, fast boat and she was splendidly
sailed. We gave her three rousing cheers
and her people responded right heartily.
Mr. iselin and those associated with him
on board are honorable gentlemen, and I
wish to say that it is a pleasure to sail ,
against such competitors."
Asked if he wished to say something ,
.about the Shamrock, Sir Thomas said:
"My beat was well sailed and the sails
were well handled. I have no complaint
to make at all. As I said lief,, re. it was a
square race and we were fairly beaten. j
We shall have another race to-morrow.
I hope, and 1 think that there will be I
plenty of wind for both yachts."
All those on board the Erin who saw
the race agreed that there were no |
flukes, but both yachts were sailed on j
their merits.
ahead. The elapsed time of the Columbia
for the fifteen miles was 2:47:13; of the
Shamrock, 2:57:05, showing the Columbia's
gain from the actual start bad been 19:59
This was a great victory for th« Co
lumbia, for both yachts had covered the
distance in a steady breeze, and at no
time were they far enough apart to bene
fit by any puffs of wind. ,
The Columbia's balloon jib topsail was
set immediately after the spinnaker, and
the headsails hauled down. She began
her fifteen mile run to the finish at about
eight knots an hour. The Shamrock's
balloon jib topsail was set seven minutes
after rounding the outer mark, and for a
time it seemed as though she was over
hauling the Columbia. At the time that
appeared to be a reasonable conclusion,
because she, being the stern boat, was
in position to take advantage of any
squalls that might come along. It soon
became evident, however, that her ap
parent gain was only imaginary, and that
the Columbia was not only holding her
own, but, as the figures showed later, she,
was really gaining.
The finish line, marked by the commit
tee boat and the Sandy Hook light, was
not visible until the yachts were within
a couple of miles of it. Then there was
a rush of steamers to reach the goal
ahead of the yachts.
It could not be called an exciting finish
nor was It a tame one altogether. "So few
boats were present to witness it and the
weather was so depressing that as a spec
tacle the finish might be called a poor one
from a picturesque standpoint Both in
time and distance the yachts were so far
apart that it was a rather poor finish from
a sportsman's view. ;
When the Columbia, her groat yellow
mainsail abroad off to starboard, swept
across the finish line the Shamrock .was
scarcely visible astern, only the outlines
of her sails being seen. Ten minutes and
eleven seconds in time elapsed between
the finishing of the Columbia and the
Shamrock, which means in distance about
a mile and a half. .-. . •
The official time was: Columbia, 3:54:59;
Shamrock, 4:05:10.
Elapsed time: Columbia, 4:53:53; Sham
rock, 5:04:07. . - ■
Corrected time: Columbia, 4:53:53; Sham
rock. 5:04:01.
Thus the Columbia wins by 10 minutes
14 seconds actual and 10 minutes 8 seconds
corrected time.
The elapsed time of the Columbia from
the outer mark to the finish was 2 hours
6 minutes 40 seconds; Shamrock, 2 hours
i minutes 2 seconds, showing that in the
fifteen miles before the wind the Columbia
had gained 22 seconds. (
After the race while the yachts'were be
ing towed back to their moorings. Sir
Thomas Linton's yacht Erin ranged 'up
alongside the Columbia. The Erin's offi
cers and men. led by Sir Thomas, gave
three hearty cheers. They were quickly
responded to with cheers from the Co
lumbia's men, led by C. Oliver Iselin.
A number of yachts fired guns as salutes
to both yachts at the finish. The flagship
Corsair was among them, and as soon as
the American yacht had crossed the line
by mist, rain or distance from the re
ceiving station at the Highlands. Pas
sengers on the Grand Duchesse, who had
watched the operation of wireless teleg
raphy on clear days, agreed that it re
quired a fog to emphasize its value. Bet
ter conditions than those of to-day for*
a demonstration of its practicability and
usefulness are not possible.
The fog gave a horizon of about four
miles, making it impossible for the yachts
to be seen except from the boats that fol
lowed them over the thirty-mile course.
This was done by the Grand Duchesse,
and Marconi could at all times keep the
contestants in view. Every move of the
yachts was fully described in the bulletins
to the Herald and The Call. When the
Columbia and Shamrock engaged in a luff
ing match, one following the other's lead
and tacking with scarcely thirty seconds
between at times, the maneuver was
known in San Francisco before it had
been repeated. Those on board the Grand
Duchesse were all wide awake to what
was going on, and when word was passed
from the shore that the Marconi bul
letins were the only ones promptly giv
ing events of the race a hearty cheer was
given by the excursionists for the invent
or of wireless telegraphy. It at once be
came apparent that all other agencies for
reporting the race would prove unable to
cope with weather conditions which pro
vide both wind and fog. No glass was
powerful enough to pierce the mist which
every now and then dropped close to the
water.
The Grand Duchesse took its position
outside, the western patrol line and as
nearly as was possible on line with the
leading yacht. Signor Marconi, imbued
with the enthusiasm of the occasion and
convinced that in a way he had the world
at his mercy, pushed his assistants aside ;
and himself stood by the sending ap- j
paratus ready to catch the bulletins as I
they were handed him and flash them
through the fog to the receiving station !
on the Jersey coast. It was seen that the I
Columbia, in tacking to port at 17 minutes '
after 11 o'clock, had taken a slight lead, |
which the Shamrock was valiantly striv- i
ing to overcome. This was known to the
operators in the Herald oflice just one.
minutes and twenty seconds from the;
time it was noted by the watchers on the !
bridge of the Grand Duchesse.
The first four miles of the race carried
the yachts so far from the land telegraph
stations that it. was impossible for any
of the news agencies to even make a rea
sonable conjecture as to what was going
on. In the meantime Marconi had in- !
formed the public that the Columbia was
still outpointing the Shamrock and had I
made a gain of nearly half a mile in
windward work. Each successive gain j
made by the Columbia was reported and j
the relative positions of the yachts were
given from time to time. When the mark
boat placed the buoy for the turn at the I
Commodore J. Pierpont Morgan ordered
the American ensigns to be hoisted at
each masthead.
Every steamer saluted with her whistle
and the Shamrock's welcome was quite as
noisy as the Columbia's. The yachts and
the excursion fleet soon vanished in the
mist, homeward bound.
COLUMBIA AGAIN
FAVORITE IN BETTING
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Betting on the
races again changed to-night. Money had
been even when the excursion boats
steamed down the bay through the fog.
It had been 10 to 6 in favor of the Co
lumbia when the racers began their
course of failures. Then only even money
was given. Now betting again favors the
Columbia. Several bets to-night were
made on the cup •defender at odds of 10
to 6. A party of Wall street brokers who
had placed a combination wager of (1000
when -betting was even made merry over
! end of the fifteen-mile beat it was
promptly announced and the fact that
the Columbia led by a mile and a half as
j she approached the turn was flashed
ashore when the thick fog made it impos
! sible for the news to be communicated to
the waiting thousands in any other way.
When the Columbia swept down toward
i the lightship under a mountain of can
| vas and crossed 'the finish line, winning
j the first race of the series for the Amer
l ica's .cup, Marconi alone was enabled to
i announce the result before the smoke of
i the gun of the committee boat had disap
! peared.
' The reception that the winner received
from the attendant excursion boats and
yachts was reported, and the fact that
she dropped her head sails and took a
line from her tugboat before the Sham
rock finished was given. At the time of
the finish the fog shut in the yachts and'
excursion boats so that no glimpse of them
could be seen ftom the land, and the
quickest time in which the result of the
race could be taken ashore and delivered
at a telegraph office by any tug was at
least an hour. Marconi cabled abroad and
wired to San Francisco the news of the
Columbia's defeat of the Shamrock.
In Herald square was a big crowd before
the bulletin board. Although Marconi's
messages showed that the Columbia soon
after noon was a mile ahead of her rival,
one newspaper was announcing that up to
that time the race had been "marvelously
even" and that the Columbia "could not
be said to have any considerable lead over
the Shamrock." Herald square. resounded
with cheering when at four minutes of 4
Signor Marconi sent a message announc
ing that the Columbia had crossed the
line a winner at 3:55:15. This was the only
reliable news of the result received for
several minutes and the crowd became
highly enthusiastic. From Signor Mar
coni they learned a moment later a point
about which they were next most anx
ious, that was the extent of the Colum
bia's lead. Within a minute from the time
the Columbia's victory was announced
there came by wireless telegraphy the
news that the Shamrock was nearly a
mile behind when the Columbia crossed
the line. To this was added the news that
the 'excursion fleet was cheering the vic
tor and that the whistles on all the boats
were screeching in joy over the cup de
fender's success. The enthusiasm of those
ashore immediately joined that of those j
who had witnessed the race.
Five minutes after the result had been j
announced through messages from Mar
coni the bulletin was posted ty other !
papers. It was their first actual news of :
the result, although "dummy" editions of j
the Journal and the World had then been i
on the streets more than thirty minutes I
announcing the victory of the Columbia. ;
These "dummy" editions, bearing In red 1
and blue ink the announcement "Colum- i
bia wins," were on sale in the streets at
' their foresight at one of the larger hotels.
It was reported to-night at another hotel
! that a prominent member or Sir Thomas
i Lipton's party had sold a bet for' $1100
] on the Shamrock for $50 just before the
race this morning.
Several backers of the Columbia at the
! hotel? announced to-night that their side
: bets on the first race would clear all their
i expenses. In several cases their winnings
I amounted to more than $1000.
LIBEL SUIT AGAINST
MRS. EDDY HEARD
BOSTON, Oct. 16.— The suit of Josephine
Woodbury against Mrs. Mary Baker Ed
dy, head of the Christian Science Church,
in which the plaintiff seeks to recover
$150,000 for alleged libel, came up in the
equity session of the Superior Court to
day, the hearing being upon a demurrer to
the plaintiff's declaration. After a discus
sion by the counsel the court took the pa
pers tinder consideration.
! half-past .1 o'clock, twenty-flve minutes
: before the American boat crossed the fin
: ish line Not until forty minutes after
these "dummy" editions were placed on
sale was the announcement that the Co
lumbia was winner posted on the bul
letin boards of those newspapers.
L. While these sensational papers at half
; past 8 o clock were announcing in large
type that the Columbia had won their
I latest news from the race bore the time
| mark of 1:43 and was an announcement
i that ''} returning boat had told that at
l:» o clock the Columbia was three
[ quarters of a mile ahead
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gives
Weak Men
Strength.
A radical cure without drugs
for weaknesses, the result of
youthful indiscretions, for lame
back, varicocele, etc.
Dr. Sanden presents in his ap-
pliance a scientific treatment. It
performs no miracles, but it will
do what he has demonstrated that
drugs and medicines cannot. It
adds strength to the glands,
nerves and organs, while medi-
cines only stimulate. The Dr.
Sanden Electric Belt with suspen-
sory is simply th" proper applica-
tion of the proper electric cur-
rent.
Tou put the Dr. Sanden Elec-
tric Belt on when retiring for the
night and take it off next morn-
ing. Seven to nine hours of the
gentle, strengthening current a
day for two or three months does
the work.
Dr. Sanden publishes a little
book explaining all, which will be
sent free by mail in plain sealed
envelope, or he may be consulted
free of charge at his offices dally.
DR. T. A. SANDEN,
19 Third St., San Francisco. Cal.
Office Hours—9 to 6. Sundays 11 to 1.
' At Auction.
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY... OCTOBER 24, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
North side (No. 626) Sacramento st. 216:10
east of Kearny; 2-story brick and Iron building
I store and flat; lot 20x59:9.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
North side (Nos. 212-214) Frederick st 135
feet west of Ashbury ; 2 elegant flats of 5 and 6 '
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements- lot
25x116:6. . .'
SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT
Sou<h side (Nos. 6SI, 681%; 681%) Clementina
St., 100 feet east of Eighth: lot 25x77: 3 flats of
4 rooms; rents $21; near new Postoffice. .
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
South side (Nos. 427 to 431) O'Farrell st
195:3 west of Taylon; 2 large, elegant houses of
14 and 10 rooms each and 2 rear houses of 7.
rooms each: lot 57:3x137:6.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE
I South side- (No. 1071) Page st.. 107:6 east of
Broderiek; elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath, laundry, etc.; lot 30x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT. '
Southeast corner of Laguna st. and Myrtle
aye; lot 25x62:6; sunny corner; fine site for
residence or flats.
ALAMO-SQUARE INVESTMENT.
West side (Nos. 811-Sl5) Scott st * 102 feet
north of Fulton; lot 35:6x125; •> large modern
houses of 12 rooms each; rent m ,; r - . i; . t -
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
North side (No. 3340) Clay st.. 10S:2 east of
Walnut, arge magnificent residence of 1?
EEl'sto? 2 7 n £i3^! lard - roOm «: mod " n ia
HAIGHT-STREET LOT
n£S££&£ of j, H ateht *t.. 155 feet west of
■Mn^hi£G& Bit e, f i r ■«■ or residence: lot
20x120. 1 block from Park.
FORCED SALE
First t ,ne i PoIn l Lf,bos aye - C! > cast of
First aye. ; large huslness lot. 20x103. -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
Auctioneers, 63S Market st.
IPIIIDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
h2*Sft ____?■ I*lve1 * lve hundred reward fc r any
H> W\ ca,e we cannot cure. This secret
jfe-3 ' mmM remedy atone all losses in 24
| EftS EiflEJ hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
j llilj ii'Tl? tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
! JfSS Rflfl Gleet » Fits. Strict Lost
Lj—^ZTr* v 'l Manhood and all wasting effects
, ~ — of self-abuse or excesses. Bent
sealed, J2 bottle; 3 bottles, $:.; guaranteed to-*
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
_tt sale at 1073^ Market St., S. F. All private
j diseases quickly cured. Send fur froe book.MRS. WEBSTER
JONES SUING
FOR DIVORCE
San Francisco Society Leader
Files Action at Santa
Barbara.
WILL BE~NOCONTEST
— —
Husband and Wife Said to Have
Mutually Agreed Upon the Sepa
ration by the Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 16.— Mrs. Web
ster Jones of San Francisco has brought
suil against Webster Jones in the courts
of this county fcr absolute divorce. The
papers were tiled In the clerk's office late
this afternoon. Mrs. Jones came to Santa
Barbara iast spring and has remained
here, making this her residence in order
to bring action in the courts of this coun
ty, hoping that by so doing she might
avoid publicity. Her friends have known
for some time that she Intended to bring
the action, but did not believe that it
would be brought here.
When seen this evening Mrs. Jones in
timated that there would be no appear
ance by the defendant, and that tne de
cree would be granted without ar.y scan
dal attaching to her name. Her attorney.
Senator John J. Boyce; said that nothing
sensational would be made public and he
was of the opinion that no contest wouid
Mrs. Webster Jones, who was Miss Beu
lah Hobbs. is a very attractive woman.
Mr. and Mrs. Jones were leaders in society
in San Francisco fjr several years. There
are two children, a boy of 13 years and a
girl cf S. Mrs. Jones has asKed for the
care of them. Air. Webster Jones was in
Santa Barbara about a month ago ancl it
is believed that ai that time it was agreed
between them to be divorced.
Mrs. Beulah Jorit 9 who. according to the
foregoing dispatch, has instituted pro
ceedings in divorce against her husband,
Webster Jones; is well known in society
circles in this ci'y. She is the eider laugh
ter of Mrs. Hiram H. Hobbs of 170S Geary
s-treet at.d has been in Santa Barbara only
long enough to acquire a resiGence there.
Webster Jones is secretary and treasurer
of the Jones-Paddock Company, the Fre
mont-street spice dealers, and is a prom
inent member cf the Cosmos and Univer
sity club=. He was left a fortune of a
half-million dollars by the death of his
father, M. P. Jones, about three months
The proceedings which have been begun
dp not surprise the many who have been
aware of the troubles that have racked
the Jones household for a year past; in
fact, the gossips have had it for six
months that a divorce was imminent, al
though it was expected suit would be
brought by the other side of the family,
Prior to Mrs. Jones' departure for Santa
Barbara., however, the differences were
patched up to the stent that separation
was mutually agreed upon and she was
permitted to bring the suit on milder
grounds than had been expected. it Is
understood the defendant will make no de
fense.
AMERICANS PLANNING
AN EXPEDITION TO
THE TRANSVAAL
Continued from First Pajre.
that a Boer commando estimated at 2000
men. with sixteen field guns, has reached
Dannhauser. northeast of Dundee, with
the probable intention of surrounding
Dundfe and cutting off the garrison from
communication with Glencoe and Lady
smith. It is supposed that this force is
commanded by Commandant Viljien and
comprises the German gunners.
The rest of the Boer force from New
castle is believed to be marching around
Glencoe to sever its connections with
Ladysmith.
As the refugees in Cape Town threaten
to become troublesome and have hooted
and mobbed a number of leading Dutch
men, there is some expectation that mar
tial law will be proclaimed.
WHAT THE QUEEN'S
SPEECH WILL DECLARE
LONDON. Oct. 16.— The Queen's speech
at the opening of Parliament to-morrow
will declare that Parliament has been
summoned at an unusual date for a spe
cific purpose, and that this course has
been rendered necessary by two circum
stances:
First— Her Majesty's proclamation call
j OCEAN SWELL
gj Is pouring in over our counters. Inundating our shipping room and flood-
• ing our delivery teams. The cause is told in the following prices for
|B this week:
g INFORMATION.
j** Our working force has been largely
Fv9 Increased and no delay or very little need
*■■■ again be experienced In selecting goods or
• receiving them. We are noted for our
exactness and promptness.
Hi Xo liquors sold.
___________
jfc F™e delivery serosa the bay.
■ Terms are alike to everybody, whether
large or small buyers, always cash.
%^ We have carloads of goods awaiting
-, -, shipment 'ready packed) for foreign ports
g&j for which there Is no transportation at
present.
5*5
y~ Come and be convinced: tell your friends
WM about the store and our wav of doing busl-
~~m ■
V SUGAR—
H Dry Granulated. Spreckels' finest.
21 lbs. (limit 12) $1.00
g\ Golden Coff^ Sugar. 25 lbs 1.00
qg7 Hongkong English, fine dry granu-
nn laud, HO lb. sacks only 4.75
ytt3 "*e *> not retail the latter. Sold only in .
original sacks.
• ' 1
w CRACKERS-
KB F '"^} tJ!'* 1 * Crackers. »i cases (called
etu, » lb"->. Per box 40
leg ExtraJSoda Crackers, 3-lb Cartons. ..lO I
2ZT Peck-Ir^an English Mixed Cakes.
ES ** rlb 124 ;
A CRANBERRIES—
m v '- bought a carload of finest ripe
|I%H ' a^* Cods that have to be closed
• out on consignment. A great bar-
ga, n. Good Keep Prs {( , r thirty days.
Nt: sold. \_ gallon ... 15
■ One gallon 35
Uld Pull barrel. 2:, to 2S gallons .'..'s«.«><>
$ CREAM BREAKFAST
» WHEAT—
Extra fancy thin rolled. 5 lbs 10 I
SH 13 Ibs 25
J RICE- 751b " » , ' : "
JJ^ Japan Head, 12 lbs 50
■■ CANNED CORN—
9 Western, good quality, 4 cans 33
»•■• i©l© ©i®i I
SESSION OF HIGH COURT
OF INDEPENDENT FORESTERS
High Officers of the Order Who Will Be With the Delegates.
FRESNO. Oct. 16. -The High Court of California of tho Independent Order of Foresters will meet to-morrow fn
this ' ■"-■ '■''' will be present delegates from 173 courts in this State, nineteen of which, with an aggregate mem
bership of about 12
The high officers are: General G. A. McElfresh of Los Angeles, high chief ranger; Dr. F. M. Parker of Los An
geles, past high chief ranger; Charles S. Peei of San Franclseo, hi gl vice chief ranger: \V. H. Peery of Los Angeles,
high secretary; \V. E. Reavis, Los Angeles, high treasurer; Dr. YV. R. O'Bannon, Hollister, high physician: O. G. Hopkins,
Sacramento, high counselor. In addition there are the appointed officers. John A. McGillivray of Toronto. Canada, the
supreme secretary of the order, and E. A. Mack, D. S. C R., representing the Supreme Court on the Pacific Coast, will be
In attendance during the session. The reports to be presented will show that since the previous session of the High Court
there were received 1&76 applications for membership, 221 of which were rejected. The 173 courts In the State had an
aggregate of S7ll members on the st of July. The net increase during the year was 655.
There are forty high courts of the order, twenty-one being in the United States, ten in Canada and nine in Europe.
On the Ist of last August the total membership of the order was 149.172. and on the Ist of last September the order had a
surplus fund of $3,400,648 to the credit of the mortuary department. On the same day there was to the credit of the cur
rent expense fund a surplus of $78,130. ana to the credit, of the sick and general fund $65,667.
The Supreme Court will meet in Los Angeles in March, 1001.
In the past Dr. lyatekha, the supreme chief ran.er'-r, has always attended the High Court sessions of California;
but this year he cannot be present, as he has gone to Australia to organize a High Court there.
ing out the reserves is necessarily fol
lowed by the summoning of Parliament
within ten days.
Second— The position of affairs in South
Africa demands the attention of the Leg
islature.
Her Majesty will then declare that her
general relations with foreign powers are
peaceful, a state of affairs which un
fortunately does not apply to the Trans
vaal.
The House of Commons will be invited
to provide ways and means necessary to
prosecute a British policy in South Af
rica.
The speech will conclude with a promise
that when the proper time arrives the
legislative programme of the Government
regarding matters of internal interest will
be presented to the House of Commons.
Her Majesty has subscribed £500 to the
[ Lord Mayor's fund for South African
refugees, which has already reached £75,
--000.
STATEMENT FROM
THE WAR OFFICE
LONDON. Oct. 16.— war office Is
sued the following note this afternoon
BEANS—
Hi__,_t\__\ S—
Small white, pink or Bayou, 11 lbs 25
SAPOLIO—
Per cake (limit 5) 05
FRENCH PEAS—
Per tin l; >i£
FRENCH MUSHROOMS—
Per tin lr>
MAPLE SYRUP—
Guaranteed, per gall 9i.no
SOAP—
Swift's or Fairbanks mammoth 18-oz
bars 05
FLOUR—
Sperry's Drifted Snow. Golden Gate or <:
C. S. limit 1 barrel, per >i sack. 50 lbs 87U
DAIRY SALT—
Per 50-lb sack j«j
FANCY CODFISH—
; Choicest middles, boneless, per lb 05
SLICED BACON—
! One-lb tins, each 1714
BLENDED TEA—
! Superior quality Waldorf, worth 50c per
lb, this week special at 27',
APRICOT JAM—
1 Large tins, pure goods, no nicer preserves
, on the market, each 05
' NO LIQUORS SOLD.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.
•■• ■•■•!•■•■•
THE SAX ERA CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
with respect to the situation in South Af
rica: "The dispatches received do not
point to any mat* change in the situa
tion. Small bodies of Boers are reported
to have crossed the Natal frontier at
various points, and lntrenchments are
said to have been thrown up at Van
Reenans Pass."
Tne Evening News publishes a dispatch
from Cape Town saying that as the Cape
Ministry refuses to call out the volunteers
for the defense of the colony, the im
perial authorities have done so.
On the other band, the Cape Town cor
respond of the Daily Chronicle de
clares that the imperial authorities have
never suggested any such action, and he
asserts that the widespread report re
garding the resignation, or intended resig
nation, of the Cape Premier, Mr.
Schreiner, is incorrect.
BUSINESS MEN UPHOLD
SOUTH AFRICAN POLICY
LONDON. Oct. 15.— narrow city
streets adjoining the Guildhall and
Stock Exchange were crowded to-day.
The immediate occasion was the meeting
convened by the Lord Mayor of London.
Sir John Voce Moore, to declare the con
fidence of business men in the city proper
In the South African policy of the Gov
ernment. The Lord Mayor presided.
Hundreds of the members of the Stock
ami Wool Exchange and of the great
banking and underwriting firms formed
a procession In front of their various of
fices and marched to the Guildhall .-ing
ing tie- national airs and waving flags,
accumulating masses of troops at every
turn. The Guildhall was packed with
people. A band stationed in the orches
tral gallery led off in patriotic airs, which
were taken up by the audience, amid the
waving of numberless union jacks. The
Lord Mayor and Sheriffs were loudly
cheered on arriving and the name of
President Kruger provoked a storm of
"poohs." A resolution extolling the Pre
mier. Lord Salisbury, was proposed by
Alderman Sir Reginald Hanson, seconded
by Sir John Lubbock. Unionist member
of Parliament for London University, and
enthusiastically adopt*
Patriotic demonstrations took place to
day at Liimingham and other towns
from which reserves started for Alder
shot.
The Atlantic Transport Company,
which gave the United States a transport
: ship for hospital purposes during the war
with Spain, has now done Great Britain
a similar service. Th.. admiralty has
j gladly accepted the ship, which is named
j the Maine.
ENGLAND ADDING TO
HER FIGHTING FORCE
LONDON, Oct. 16.— calling out of
the Cape Colony volunteers is supplement
ed by a decision to raise 2000 more volun
teers in Cape Colony and 1000 In Natal.
Thus the total strength of the volunteer
forces in both places will amount to 12,
--500 men. .
According to the programme of em
barkations from Great Britain next Fri
day and the following four days, which
has been published, there will be shipped
a total of 18,000 troops of all ranks and
1600 horses. Amor.g the new chartered
vessels are the White Star steamer Bri
tannic and the National liner America.
Since the reports of the fighting at
Kimberley and the Orange River bridge,
people are urging the Immediate removal
cf families from De Aar junctions.
The latest Kimberley and Vryburg re
ports were brought to Orange River by
a dispatch rider who succeeded in getting
through the Boer forces.
-•- --
LAINGS NECK BEING
FORTIFIED BY BOERS
DURBAR, Oct. 16.— 1t is estimated that
] from 11,000 to 13,000 Free State Boers are
watching the passes in the Drekenberg
range from Oliviers Hook to Collins Pass.
They have sent a few patriots down the
Berg, hi.- hitherto the main force has not
debouched from the actual passage,
which is being intrenched.
Commandant General Joubert is heavily
fortifying Laings Neck. Two Boer spies
have been arrested at Ladysmith and
handed over to the military authorities.
The enrollment of 1000 Outlanders under
the imperial Government's sanction ls
proceeding briskly at Durban and Pieter
maritzburg.
Reports are persistently circulated of a
breakdown in the Boer commissariat and
transport departments.
•
Mules for South Africa.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 15.— Twenty-flv e
carloads of mules for the Transvaal, pur
'■ chased in this market by the English
Government within the past ten days,
; were started for New Orleans to-day.
Another trainload will follow for trie
same point within a few days. An esti
mate on the 800 tons of hay for use In the
South African campaign was made to
' day.
The Canadian Contingent.
OTTAWA, Ont., Oct. 16.— A dispatch re
ceived to-day from Lord Lansdowne, Sec
retary for War, says that the Canadir.n
contingent will be regarded as one bri
gade and not cut up into units and at
tached to the imperial forces.
Cable Messages Censored.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The cable com
panies announce that messages ex
changed with South Africa are subject
to censorship at Aden and that Natal's
communication with the Orange Free
State and Transvaal is suspended.
HOW THE ENGLISH
RECEIVED THE NEWS
LOXDOX. Oct. 17.— Partly owing to the
diminished interest after so many abor
tive attempts, and partly to disappoint
ment over the result of to-day's race for
the America's cup, London demonstra
tions were rather tame. Great crowds
had collected on the Thames embank
ment and at other places where the stand
ing of the yachts were posted and cheers
were frequently raised for both the
Columbia and Sir Thomas Llpton, but the
disappointment over the result was very
keen.
At the Hotel Cecil, where a crowd of
Americans had collected to await the
announcement of the ticker, cheers re
sounded. VYankee Doodle" was sung at
all the music halls. When the result was
communicated to the audiences there was
a general manifestation of disappoint
ment, but this speedily gave place to the
heartiest cheers and the bands played
American tur.es.
The Daily News says editorially this
(Tuesday) morning: "The Shamrock was
handsomely beaten. This was the more
mystifying as the weather was that in
wiiich the Shamrock is said to revel
Every prediction has been falsified, for
she only began to pull up on the home
stretch when the wind had fallen Ac
cording to our correspondent, seamanship
had a deal to do with it. The Shamrock
was outpointed and outfooted from the
start. The probability is that the yachts
are as nearly equal as can be and all the
difference lies in the Judgment with which
they are sailed. There is nothing left but
to wish for mild breezes. Meanwhile hail
Columbia for a very creditable piece of
work." -%:•' v
The Morning Post admits that the
Columbia pointed better than the Sham
rock, and says: li' we merely had yes
terday's race on which to base calcula
tions we should be obliged to acknowl
edge that the Columbia is the better boat
The records of the abortive races tell a
different story, and the Columbia cer
tainly had the best of the wind at a crit
ical part of the race. The sole excuse
that can be urged for the Shamrock is
that she did not sail as well as was ex
pected.""
BIG FLEET FOR
THE PHILIPPINES
Many Ships for Block
ade Service.
•
LIGHT GUNBOATS NEEDED
♦
DEPARTMENT SENDING TOO
MANY BATTLESHIPS.
•
With the Ports Once Effectively
Closed Against Filibusters the
Insurrection Soon Will Be
Put Down.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ' +
♦ MANILA. Oct. 16.— The insur- +
♦ gents made an attack upon Ange- +
♦ les at 2:30 this morning. One +
+ American was killed and seven +
♦ wounded. The Filipinos used artll- >
+ lery, a few shells exploding. The +
-♦• Seventeenth, Ninth and Fifteenth +
♦ regiments engaged the enemy, who +
4- retired at 5:30 a. m. +
♦ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WILMING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.—
The Navy Department has at last come to
realize the necessity of strengthening the
naval force in the Philippine waters and
Institute an effective blockade. This ap
parently self-evident way of effectively
aiding the army in subduing the Filipinos
was proposed by Rear Admiral Bradford,
chief of the bureau of equipment, as fat
back as last June, but it appears as if the
Navy Department needed a stirring up by
Admiral Dewey, for it is only since his
return that additional ships have been
designated to join Rear Admiral Watson's
fleet.
Of those thirty-odd ships composing the
Asiatic squadron, the majority are either
too costly or unsuited for blockading ser
vice, ana the want of light-draught gun
boats is very much felt. The presence of
the Oregon, Baltimore and Charleston is
practically needless after the destruction
of the Spanish fleet. These vessels, aver
aging iiw.mjv a year to keep in commis
sion, are too expensive and cumbersome
for blockade service, and fifteen light
draught gunboats would be more effective
and economical. And yet the department
is said to contemplate sending the Brook
lyn, New Orleans and Newark over to
help Rear Admiral Watson shut out the
Filipinos from contact with the outer
world. The gunboats Marietta. Machias,
Nashville and Bancroft may also be sent
to the Philippines, and these latter vessels
will be of more use than the four cruisers
named.
In addition six light-draught gunboats
have been ordered from the Illinois Steel
Company to be shipped in sections to Ma
nila, there to be put together and
launched.
But all these preparations should have
been considered months ago and a cordon
of American vessels should by this time
be patrolling the coast of Luzon and pre
vent war material from abroad getting in
to the hands of the insurgents.
There are renegade Americans as well
as Chinese and Japanese and other for
eigners who are making money by sup
plying the Filipinos with the necessities
of war. and it would seem that so long as
this traffic is not effectively stopped our
soldiers have uphill work in subduing the
obstinate natives. With the war material
supply entirely or largely cut off the in
surgents will have to fall back to the use
of the bow and arrow and the end will
then not be far off.
The larger part of the American fleet
has its rendezvous in Manila Bay, while
the gunboats are patrolling the coast and
occasionally go up the rivers to pepper the
insurgents. Eleven small gunboats, rang
ing from 202 down to 42 tons, were pur
chased last July from the Spanish Gov
ernment and are doing good service. At
Hongkong Naval Constructor Hobson will
shortly complete the repairs on the cap
tured Spanish gunboats Isla de Cuba and
Isla de Luzon, of 1030 tons each, and the
Don Juan de Austria of 1159 tons. Thus
within three months the American naval
force in the Philippines is likely to consist
of the following vessels:
Note— M, monitor: a -c, armored cruiser; c.
cruiser; g b, gunboat.
Total. 41 vessels, of about 66,000 tons,
carrying approximately a total comple
ment of 5500 sailors and marines. The ves
sels designated by a * are either on their
way to the Philippines or preparing for
the voyage.
In addition there are three supply ships,
the Celtic. Glacier and Culgoa; the Iris,
distilling ship, and colliers Nanslan and
Zaflro, carrying about 450 men, making a
total available sea force of • about 6000
bluejackets and marines.
The task of patrolling the coast line of
the island of Luzon, surrounded as it is by
numerous islands in proximity. will
be a difficult one. It is. however, practic
ally devoid of danger so far as relates to
attacks by the Filipinos, and the moral ef
fect will probably be conducive to check
filibustering and landing of contraband
cargoes, and with due vigilance the insur
rection is likely to get its quietus.
RECENT DEATHS IN
THE AMERICAN LINES
WASHIXGTOX. Oct. 16.— General Otis,
under date of Sunday, reports the follow
ing deaths of United States troops in
the Philippines:
Chronic dysentery— October 5. Sergeant Wil
liam K. Humphries, D, Fourteenth; Corporal
Matthias T. Harris. I. Twenty-first Infantry:
October 11. Daniel McCarthy. E, Signal Corps;
Sergeant Martha Hennessy, B, Thirteenth In
fantry; October 13, Pat Ryan, X, Twentieth
Infantry.
Chronic diarrhea— October 9, Frank Cook. I,
Twentv-flrst Infantry.
Typhoid fever— October 7. "William J. Flynn,
F, Fifth Artillery; October 9. Robert Pair,-,
Hospital Corps; October 11, Lawrence B. Har
ris. I. Twenty-first Infantry; Lewis Jones, I.
Thirteenth Infantry; Harry A. Whlrtner, 1,
Twenty-first Infantry.
Acute dysentery— October 9, Charles Larose,
B, Fourth Cavalry.
Suicide— Alfred F. Bernard. Hospital Corps.
Heart disease— Trumpeter Edward Quarnell,
E, Twenty-flfth Infantry.
Enteritis— Moller, B, Eighteenth In
fantry.
Pneumonia— October 13, George Clayton, C,
Nineteenth Infantry.
TRAITOR'S DEATH FOR
AGUINALDO'S BROTHER
TACOMA, Oct. IG.— Mail advices re
ceived to-day fiom Hongkong report that
Baldomero Aguinaldo, brother of the in
surgent leader, is imprisoned at Fili
pino "headquarters and will soon be shot
for treason. Aguinaldo Bays he will not
interfere when the court-martial sen
tences his brother to death.
Early laf=t month, It is alleged. Baldo
mero embezzled $80,000 from the treasury,
and, with five others, escaped into trie
American lines, intending to reach Hong
kong via Manila. While he slept his as
sociates stole and divided the money, leav
ing him penniless. He returned to the
Filipino headquarters and was arrested.
Forty-Sixth Is Coming.
SOUTH FRAMIXGHAM. Mass.. Oct. 18.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
OVER-WORK WEAKENS
YOUR KIDNEYS
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood
• . * .
YOUR KIDNEYS ARE YOUR BLOOD PURIFIERS
■■■•■' iii ' ; flH^^^^i^raMitiiiii.!!i!iijj!i!i^.-ji^^-. Mv'-i-y-^ ,7-—-~ — *»
< .i,____f!__ffJ^^^f^SKf>_i • J^7 11 _ '■' ' - ' '\J>. ****ag^B J.^TTT
I lliiilllitlt wS^^^^^SZiMiinn^^^^aUUUUtUlKjnli . 'Ml llilfflMlllMulilillll <t ww^»' j4^U«»i -j
The Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms
Show That Your Kidneys Are Out of Order.
To Test the Wooderful Merits of the Great Modern
Discovery, Swamp-Root, Every "Call" Reader
May Have a Sample Bottle SeQt pree by Mail.
The way to be well is to pay atten-
tion to your kidneys.
They are the most important organs
of the body — the blood filters.
All the blood in your body passes
through your kidneys once every three
minutes.
The kidneys strain or filter out the
impurities in the blood that is their
work.
Purifying your blood is not a question
of taking a laxative or physic.
Does your blood run through your
bowels?
What the bowel-cleaner does is to
throw out the poisons confined in your
bowels ready for absorption into your j
blood, but the poisons which are al-
ready in your blood, causing your pres- !
ent sickness, it leaves there.
There is no other way of purifying ;
your blood except by means of your I
kidneys.
That is why bowel-cleaners fail to j
do their work— they fail to help the j
kidneys.
When you are sick, then, no matter I
what you think the name of your dis- |
ease is, the first thing you should do is
to afford aid to your kidneys by using '
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great !
Kidney Remedy.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp-Root j
is the most perfect healer and gentle
aid to the kidneys that is known to
medical science. I
—The Forty-sixth Regiment. U. S. V.. in
command of Colonel Walter S. Schuyler,
which was recruited largely in New En
gland, left here to-day for San Francisco
to embark for the Philippines. It re
quired fifty-seven cars to carry the men,
horses and' equipment.
RACES AT COVELO.
Big Purses Offered for the Thorough-
bred Division.
COVELO. Oct. 16.— The Covelo Driving
Park and Jockey Club is holding its an
nual race meeting here and an interesting
programme will be on all the week. The
purses range from $206 to (1000. The sum
mary of to-day's races follows:
Half-mile dash, purse $600— John O'Neil's
Brown George won. Indian Mandy second,
Jakey A third, Jennie Mack fourth. Time,
:51.
Three-eighths of a mile and repeat,
purse Redwood won first heat. Road
warmer won second heat; Roadwarmer
won final heat in :34.
Many fast horses from San Francisco
and Sacramento are present.
Close of the Mills Case.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 16.— George C.
Ross, for the plaintiffs, completed the
arguments in the Mills estate contest to
day. Judge Brck will charge the jury
to-morrow, when the case will go to the
I cifO — patterns are as neat as you of ten CX
ffl Let us send or give you a number of Mi
|& samples of these late arrivals, and it is ten C2^f|
|| Besides the low price and the new patterns, P|
| I there is the satisfaction of knowing that you are j
] sure of your moneys worth, or your money re-
| turned ; and if you keep the suit you have the j
j privilege of a year's repairing free. |
IS. WOOD & CO.,
j 718 Market St. and
i Cor. Powell and Eddy. j
Dr. Plilmer, the f-minent physician
and specialist, has attained a far-
famed reputation through the discovery
and marvelous success of Swamp-Root
in purifying the blood, and thereby
curing chronic and dangerous diseases,
caused by sick kidneys, of which some
of the symptoms are given -below.
Pain or dull ache in back or head,
rheumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
dizziness, irregular heart, sleepless-
ness, sallow complexion, dropsy, irrita-
bility, loss of ambition, obliged to pass
water often during the day, and to get
up many times at night, and all forms
of kidney, bladder and uric acid trou-
bles.
Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers in
50-cent or $1 bottles. Make a note of
the name, SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and remember it is
prepared only by Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y.
To prove the wonderful merits of his
great discovery he now offers to every
reader of this paper a prepaid free
sample bottle of Swamp-Root, which
he will send to any address, free, by
mail.
A book about Health, Diet and Dis-
ease as Related to your Kidneys and
giving some of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from the sufferers cured, also
sent free with the sample bottle.
The great discovery. Swamp-Root, is
so remarkably successful that our read-
ers are advised to write for a sample
bottle and to kindly mention the San
Francisco Daily Call when sending
their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton. N. Y.
jury. The feeling here is that a veridct
will be given to the plaintiff.
NEARLY $2,000,000 FROM
THE KLONDIKE REGION
Very Rich Cargo Brought Prom the
Frozen North on the Steamer
Dirigo.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. 16.— The
largest shipment of Klondike gold that
ever came out over the Lynn Canal routo
is on the steamer Dirigo, which called
here to-day from Skaguav en route to
Seattle. There was nearly $1,250,000, of
which $907,000 was sent from the Dawson
branch of the Canadian Bank of Com
merce and the remainder was for the
Alaska Commercial Company. Purser
Lafarge has four armed men guarding
the gold.
FATAL ACCIDENT AT
THE W. Y. O. D. MINE
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. Francis
Bawden was killed at the V.*. Y. O. D. mine
shortly before noon to-day. Twenty tons
of quartz came tumbling down, causing
a heavy timber to break in two and
striking the unfortunate victim across the
neck broke it. Death was instantaneous.
34
PRESIDIO RECRUIT
CAMP A BENEFIT
Praised in the Report of
Shafter.
: 4 .
B SOLDIERS TRAINED FOR DUTY
_ —
"HOSE UNFIT FOR 32TBVICE
WEEDED OUT.
•
The Department Commander Advises
That E-i-w Recruits Be Drilled
Before Going to the
Front.
.:
«
!
Special Dispatch to The a"i.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— The War De- I
partment to-day made public the report i
of Major General William R. Shafter.
commanding the Department of Califor- j
n!a and of the Columbia. The Depart
ment cf California, General Shafter says, j
required \ery little attention, owing to
the sm.il! number of troops quartered. |
The bulk of the work in this department
pertained entirely. to tbe transmission of j
stores and the shipment of men to the
Philippine* and tak'r.g care of those re
*
General Shafter says that the men in
th© recruiting camp have Been systemat
ically and thoroughly instructed in their
various duties, with special attention to
target practice. They have shown them
t?ives Industrious and anxious to perfect
themselves ir. the use of their weapons.
He further says:
There can be no doubt of the wisdom at es
tablishing this camp and giving to raits a
1 relimir.ary course of instruction here. An
other advantage :r. keeping the recruits in th;S
camp is ttat It haa enabled the medical de
partment fo weed ont men irrttted for such
service. Had these rner. been -■■-.-. gj
t:> Man. la. thej- would have broken down there,
ar.d if they hal survived" they would hare W»n
a tax upon the hospital department and ulti
mately would have been ??nt back sick and
discourage.!, and the effect of their return upon
the recruiting work throughcut the country
would have bsen unfavorable. By gef.jr.g rid
of tlicm at the very outset they may return to
their homes tn fair emditfon at least.
A considerable number of hcrses. pur
chased in xh'x department, have given en
tire satisfiction and General Shafter says
that they are cheaper, considering the
cost of their transportation, than horses
purchase in ihe East.
He recomrnencs that so long as any
large- body of troops remain ir. the Phil
ippines the recruit camp be continued at
the Presidio ur.d tha: as a rule the troops
be congregated there and drilled for at
least thr_ j e month? bofr.re shipment.
Colonel Fcrwood, chief surgeon, in nis
report to General Shafter. notes the es
tablishment at Honolulu of a hospital for
the care of soldiers poing to and return
i::? from the Philippines.
Tne work of the siena! corps 'n the
department ha? .>____ somewhat interrupt
edtby the outside demands Incident; to the
months of active war. but a school of in
struction for recruits and enlisted men _a
now maintained at Ancl Island, where
the men are taurht teleeraDhv ard sigl
nalin.tr. Upward of 1» men Instructed at
this post have already been forwarded to
Manila.
*
-
WILL GET PROMOTIONS
BEFORE RETIREMENT
Veteran Army Officers to Be Reward
ed B-rf ore They Leave the
„ „„,„.
stood that the President will appoint
Colonel a. C. M. Pennington. Secord Ar
tillery, as brigadier general to succeed
the vacancy created by the retirement to
day of .>:;e ra j Shafter. He will imme
diately Api-!y for retirement and these of
ficers will be appointed and follow his
example in the- matter of retirement-
Colonel P.. T. Frank. First Artillery*
Colonel« Samuel Ovenshlne, Twenty-third*
Ir.,antry: Colonel L. H. Carpenter Filth
Cavalry, and Colonel D. W. Burke,' Four
teenth Infantry. When the last otfieer
hss retired, still? leavfqg a vacancy in the
grade ol brigadier general; the President
will appoint either Major General H W
Lawton or Major General Arthur MacJ
Arthur cf the volunteer service, now in
command of divisions und<--r General <t<«
VOLCANO BREAKS OUT
NEAR MEXICAN TOWN
San Martin, Once Extinct, Is Again
in Active Eruption and Doing
Great Damage.
CITY OF MEXICO. Oct. K-The once
extinct volcano Ssn Martin, near the
town of Catemaco, has ajrain become ac
tive ar.d molten lava is pouring from the
crater and running <iown the sides of the
mountainJ The Jefe Politico ... dis
tnctlhas reported to the' Government au- I
thcrities here that there is danger of
ffreei obstruction of growing crops in the!
valley .t the foot of the mountain and
tnat the counu-yi people ac* fleeing from j
k heJr horn'-s. 7 his volcano" had been :n I
!&&iti?fi ir ' ac 'i ivit: '' " uch a l0 "S period !
thatt small settlements have encroached'
on the danger line. As the present erup- I
tion is very severe much destruction may
be wrought. I
POSSIBLE INDIAN OUTBREAK.
General Merriam Reports Concerning
Situation at San Carlos.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 35. -The War De
partment has received two dispatches
from General Merriam regarding a pos
sible outbreak at the Pan Carlos agency
Art«>na.^The first reads:
DEXVER, Oct. l«._The commanding officer
flLt^lS^K? r *-' orts *■>•** Friday night about
t^°!ve ol the command made an attack on four
peaceful Indians, beatlne them severely. All
* T v ''"l"? ™de to discover the" gul'.tv
parl.e*. Had filing among Indians. Will re
port wfce n matter is more thor-ushly !nve«ti-
A ___.*_. dispatch saysf^'^ GeßeraI '
A lat
Have ordered Colonel McGregor. Slot* Cav
u;ate,y to Snn Carlos ar.d investigate d*«turb
anre between soldiers anc Indian.-. Have a '«o
ordered one troop or cavalry i. tallow soon a*
possible and take temporary station there.
Beaten by Hoodlums.
SANTA KOSA. Oct. IG.-As the result of
a brutal attack by a gang of roughs
George Straub lies in a serious condition
ot the County Hospital. The roughs beat
Straub into Insensibility and left him la*:
night. He managed to crawl to his room
where he was found this morning.
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
TOURS OF McKINLEY AND BRYAN
IN MIDDLE WESTERN STATES
Through lowa and Wisconsin the President Advo=
cates Expansion, While in Kentucky the
Nehraskan Attacks Imperialism.
MADISON, Wis., Oct 15.— President Mc-
Kinley and his party arrived in Wiscon
■ sin's capital at . o'clock this afternoon.
' after a day of speechmaking in three
States. After leaving Dubuque. lowa, the
I train crossed the Mississippi River into
! Illinois, where Galena was reached at 1
j o'clock Ida afternoon. There the train
! turned northward. At Ipswich, the first
J town lr. Wisconsin in which the party did
| any speechmaking. Congressman G. W.
j Babcock Joined them. At Dodgeville.
! Barneveld and Mount Horebeck the Pres
; ldent addressed the assembled citizens,
i Secretaries Wilson and Hitchcock and At
torney General Griggs also spoke briefly
at most of these points.
In Madison the President was cheered
enthusiastically from the moment .'. his
trance All the members of the
party were driven immediately to the
State Capitol, a mile from the depot, -
detachment of militia acting as escort.
Probe 10,000 persons, eager to hear the
President speait, were masse i in front
of the CapitoL Directly in front of the
speaker's stand was a body of students
from the University of Wisconsin. They
took occasion to exercise their lungs V 'S
oroualy throughout the President s aa
dress. Mr. McKinley was introduced by
Governor Scofleld. in the course of his
speech the President -aid:
The voice of partisanship is hushed to-day
and the voice ol patriot.se is alone beard in
t.ie land. We fcr.ow neither party nor creed,
nor sect nor nationality in cur devotion to a
common country' and common l'.ag. We are
aii c^e in the presence of a great national
duty and there are no division* among us
whenever our flag is assailed, wherever and
by whomsoever. -.". . r.
I "We have gone through a war. the ceienty
; of which ar.d the results of which are scarcely
rivaied ia any *>tfcer war in -history. The
American arms triumphed on '.ar.d and on sea.
with unprec-eder.ted exemption from disease
ond death on the part of our soldiers and sail
or*. We are proud of the army aad navy.
They fcave broueht us great responsibility.
They have broueht us new acquisitions and
new territory and forced us to accept these
responsibilities, meet them with manly cour
age, respond in a manly fashion to manly
duty ar.d do what in the sight of tod and
man is just and right.
One tribe— a smail part of that tr:t<*- — is ques
tioning the sovereignty of the I7r.ited States in
the :-'•.- i of Luzon. The yen' people we
emancipated from oppression struck our f.ag
and shot our soldiers, ihe shedding cf bic-od
is anguish to my soul. The giving up> of the
iives of our bravest and best young men
wrir.es my h-art. The eheddinc of blood of
the misguided Filipinos ls a matter of sin
cere regret and sorrow to all of us. and yet
they are resisting the sovereignty of tht I'ni
ted States over a territory which we acquired.
not by cotxjuest alone but by the solemn treaty
of p*-ace sanctioned by the Congress of the
United States, and as lone as thai &.•>-<= re ignty
:- disputed, so long we wiil continue iiostili
tie;:. V.'hen our authority is undisputed Sr;
every part cf that archip-eiaso they wiil stop.
.It ls said we could have peace if we wouid
give them ind eper. Jer.ce and a government ..'
their own. under their own sovereignty, it
is said that If the President would do this we
would have peace. The President has " no
power, even If he was disposed, which he Is
not to alienate a single f<x>t of territory which
we have honestly acquired, cr give up sover
eigrty over it to oth»r people. That power
belongs to the people. That piwer Is v-=»i
in C'.ngivss. which represents the people, and
no such power was ever given to the chief
c-xTutive by the j^eople. by Congress or -by
the constitution, and to nse such power would
be a base usurpation of the prerogative by the
chief executive of the Government. And then.
If wo were going to cede the Islands away,
to wtorn would we cede tbem? There Is no
government there but curs. The creat ma
jority of the people acknowledge allegiar.ee
to the T'nito.l States f.ac and are glad to have
the shelter of its protection.
iiy feljow-cHizens, the Philippines came to
os not <f oor own .-*rkir.g. None of ns ever
dreamed when this war commenced that we
were fo have either Porta Rico or the Philip
pine Islands. We went to war for civilization
and for humanity and to relieve our oppressed
neighbors in Cuba. I was one of thone who
held :,ack until the la-^t moment, hoping that
war might be averted. I did not want to in-
voire my countrymen in bloodshed. Uur the
war came and a few of those who wanted it
most are now trying to shirk its responsibili
ties. Man plans, but Ged Almighty cx«cut^.
We ca'.not avoid our responsibility. There was
r.o fault In the victory. There must be no
halt ln upholding it. We have got the Philip
pines and our flag Is there.
At 4:40 o'clock the Presidential party j
retired to carriages and rode to the train. I
whkh left Immediately for Wauk^sha.
WAUKESHA, Wis.. Oct. 16.— Five thou- j
sand people gathered around the Xorth
western Railway station here to see the
President. The train arrived .at S:3>)
o'clock. The President and members ot
his Cabinet were escorted to a stand near !
the President's car.. It was. perhaps, the j
noisiest crowd yet faced by the Pre?!- j
dent in the Northwest. It the conclu
sion of the speech Miss Edith Wilbur]
daughter of the millionaire lumberman of
this city, stepped to the platform and
presented the President with a silver lov
ing cup and a bottle of mineral water
that has made Waukesha famous. The
President thanked Miss Wilbur and the
train left Immediately for Milwaukee.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Oct. 16.— The spe
cial train bearing President McKinley and
party arrived in this city at 7 o'clock this
evening. It was the - --- visit to Mil
waukee of a chief executive of the nation i
in a decade, and the greeting he received i
from many thousands of people was most i
enthusiastic AS the train entered the
depot Battery A. First Artillery, W. N*. G.. f
fired the President's salute of twenty-One j
guns rom Juneau Park, which faces the i
lake and within a few hundred yards of i
the depot. With the battery's salute as
a cue every steamboat whistle and every
thing else that could make a noise joined
in the greeting. The President and party
were immediately escorted to carriages by
the reception committee and driven to the
Hotel Pfister, preceded by a military es
cort.
After an hour's rest the Presidential
party re-entered carriages and were
driven to the Deutscher Club, where a
public reception lasting one hour was
held. The -grounds of the Deutscher Club
v.i - beautifully illuminated and thronged
by many thousands of persons. During
tlie limited time it Is estimated the Presi
dent shook hands with 3f_»l persons. * ol
lowing the public reception the party re
turned to the Hotel Pfister to participate
In a banquet.
McKINLEY IN IOWA.
Greeted by Enthusiastic Thousands
in the Hawkeye State.
CEDAR FALLS. lowa. Oct. 16.— The
j President an.*e almost with the dawn this
! morning and delivered at 8:30 in lowa
! Falls the first of his series of addresses In
' lowa. A good-sized crowd was present at
! the station. The President said:
My Fellow-citizens: We are a united people;
I we are united In Interest and sentiment and
i purpose ■a- . 1 In love of country as we have
j never been before. Sectionalism has dlsap
; peare-d. old prejudices are but a faded memory;
the orator of hate, like the orator of despair,
i.as no hearing In any part of our beloved
country. We are stronger and mure united
tlian we have ever been before. The _________ of
the South and the men of the Xorth have been
fighting for the same flag and dying for the
6ame flag, and shedding their blood together
fvr the honor of the country. Lawton and
Wheaton In the Philippines are fighting side by
side to-day. My fellow-citizens, the ....
humanity ha* been triumphant and that cause,
committed to our hands, will not suffer wher
ever we hive raised our flag:. We have raised
... for territorial ........ not for
national gain, but we have raised It for civili
zation and humanity, and let those lower it
who will.
At Ackley, lowa, the next stop, Mr. Mc
Kinley spoke as follows:
Mi Fellow-citizens: I recall in this presence
my former visit to this people, now. I believe,
five years ago. I congratulate you upon the
improved condition of the country. When I
wa« here last we were In a condition of busl- .
nesfc depression. Times were hard. Fear had
overcome •courage. Now. all are changed. We
have general prosperity, good crops and fair
prices, steady employment and (rood was-es.
ar.d we are a happy and contented people. Not
only are the people prosperous, but the nation
Itself is doing well. Our revenues are abun
dant. Interest has fallen all over. Mortgages
have been lifted md markets are being extend
ed. We are using more of our own products
1
THE SAg FE AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IT. *89».
I than we ever did before. We are importing J
fewer products from abroad than we have done j
iin many years and we are sending more of ;
j American products abroad than we ever sent j
. before. We are on a gold basis and we mean j
Itc stay there. (General cry cf rood."
] I like the sentiment that ---.a- - for your j
j platform here: "Sustain the nation's fiaff." ;
j That is what we are doing in the Philippines j
1 to-day, and that is what we will continue to
Ido until we conquer the rebellion against, the
I sovereignty and authority of the United -rates. .
i V\ c mean to sustain the boys IB blue who c£.rry ;
i the flag whether ir. the Philippines or her*' in
lowa. It represents not tyranny, but liberty
and civilization, and -•.-:-: to hu- !
manity.
WATERLOO, lowa. Oct. 16.— Im- j
mense throng had congregated at the sta- ;
j tion when the tres i train arrived i
! this morning. The President spoKe as fol- j
! lows:
i jty Fellow-clflrins: We have before us a «rea* |
', national problem. We hay? resting upon us a.
j rreat duty, growing oat of our war ;
> with Si run. Wr.ec that war commenced there j
i was little or r.o division of sent li among the :
j people. Before the declaration cf war the Con- i
I sr-»ss cf the I'nited States, under the leadership !
; of our distinguished Senator Allison, voted for .
j z. national defense fund of 550.006.000 for the use !
Jof the Government et its discretion. It was ,
: voted practically without division in each house '
(of Congress. The Senator assured me that it ',
', was d-r.e with absolute unanimity. Wben war ?
! »as de'.lered the resolution was voted for by \
j all parties from all sections of the country, and j
! tfce bll] wa? passed with provisions for money .
j to carry on the war. So that we started into
I the war with Span with ai! the people and a.!
the ----- -of the people standing to
pettier. The war came and the war was ended
sooner than any similar war In history: ended :
with the triumph of American arms: ended in
tbe triumph of the cause c-f humanity. HiV- i
in? b-en united in bringing on the war. having I
been practically united li the conclusions of I
peace, the question is. Shall we stand together j
until the job is finished? cries of \
""Tes.")
We have resting upon us the rreat responsl-
Ulities of government in Pc-rto Rico and in the ;
i Philippine*. Our fiae has been assailed in those >
\ distant Island* in the Pacific, and I ask the :
j people of lowa whether we will not stand j
j Brmly and unitedly until American sovereignty i
I sha':: be established in every Island of the ]
i archipelago. We will not take down that Sag. i
! representing --•. p-eople. representing '■
• civilization to these islands. We will not with- j
> draw lt. because the territory ever which It >
I floats is ours by every tenet ol International •
I law, and by the sacred sanction of the eon
stitutlon cf the United States. We ... !
there to oppress. We are there to liberate. 1
1 We are net there to establish an imperial gov- ■
i eminent, but we are there to establish a gov- :
| eminent of liberty under law and ...... of
life and property and opportunity to ail who * .
dwell thereon.
INDEPENDENCE. lowa. Oct. 15.— !
President spoke to a large crowd h*re a? ;
ws:
My Fellow-citizens: The people are think- ;
ir.e about Just one thing now in this country. , ,
The thoughts of the citizens of the ("nited
States have not. for a third of a century been
centered upon the Government and its future ]
more than at this very hour. They rallied
to the support of the Government when lt j 1
went to war. They have stood and did stand I ,
by tii* Government until the treaty of r#ac» ; !
was made. That treaty of peace, ratif.ed by i
the Svnate of the I'nited State! approved cf <
by _ vote of ogress, gave to the United <
States the sovereignty and territory of the
Philippine islands.
At ihis point the school children waved
their flags and the President said:
The little ones have been studying their
geography, and that territory, my ■fellow-citi
zens, the President has no power to alienate.
if he was disposed to do se», which ho :s not.
The sovereignty of the United States ln the
Philippines cannot be given away by a Presi
dent. That sovereignty belongs to the people,
j and so long as lt is our territory; and so long
j as our sovereignty ls there by right— not by
rieht of conquest only, but by right of solemn
treaty— the President of the United States has
but one duty to perform and that Is to main
tain and establish the authority of the I'nited
.States In these islands.
He could not do less and perform hi? duty,
and our [.ravers ... only going out to the
boys in the trenches, but more men and more
means and more sinews of war will follow
the boys ... ....
MANCHESTER. lowa. Oct. 16.— The fol
lowing address was made here by the
President to an enthusiastic crowd:
lly Fellow-citizens: We have had more than
a hundred years of national existence. These
years have been blessed ones fcr .-■■■ and
civilization. The ship of state has sailed on
uninterruptedly on its mission of liberty, and
one thins: that can be said of this nation for
which we should all give thanksgiving and
praise— lt never raised its arm against hu
manity, never struck a blow against liberty,
never struck a blow except for civilization
and mankind, and now that we are seventy
six millions of people, I do not think we have
lost our rigor our virtue, our courage, our
high purpose or patriotism. We are just as
strong for our country as we ever were, and
we are Just as sensible of national honor as
cur fathers were and just as determined to
keep unsullied the American name as those
who created us a nation.
This, my countrymen. Is not a partisan
Government. While parties control admin
istrations, in the presence of great national
peril or a great natior.al duty, the people are
united as one man. all for country, and the
people - * heart to-day goes to the soldiers
who are doing battle for the "ountrv in the
Philippines. Your hearts are with them, your
hopes are with them, your prayers are with
them, ar.d if I am not mistaken'the American
people do not propose, whatever ... the
cause, to see our flag dishonored anywhere.
DUBUQUE. lowa. Oct. 15.— The citizens
of Dubuque, the home of Senator Allison
gave the Presidential party an enthusias
tic reception to-day li spite of a steady
downpour of rain. The President said:"
This is a year of sublime patriotism. From
one end of your State to the other, through
all sections of the West over which we have
traveled we have heard but one music— the
music of the nation: but one song— the hymn
of the republic. at.', we have m-• but one
flag, the flag of cur fathers and ours the flag
of a happy, reunited, a never-to-be-broken na
tion, a flag that expresses our hopes, our pur
poses and our faith, a flag thai expresses the
sacrifices we are willing to make for It any
where and everywhere.
I have come to-day, my fellow-citizens, not
only to greet you a!'., but to make public ac
knowledgment In this city of the patriotism
of the people of lowa. You not only served
and sacrificed for the nation in the great Civil
War. giving up many of the beet yonng men
of the State upon the altar of country that
the nation might be preserved, but in the war
with Spain this State almost the first of the
Federal Union answered to the call of the
Government. .'..J.i-".
All of your soldiers did not have service on
the firing line, but they were ready and anxi
ous to go and disappointed that they were not
permitted to go. But to them I want to say
tbey have, like the soldiers at the front won
the gratitude of the republic for the State
A r.d of the boys sent to . the Philippines I
want to say that they did even more than was
required by their terms of enlistment. They
had the privilege of beine must-red out when
the ratifications of the treaty of peace were
exchanged— that was the end of their term if
they had sought to claim their privilege ' but
when lt was offered to them they refused to
accept, it.  ' .;- 'v-V;
They said. "We will stay with the Govern
ment, we will stay with the flag, until you
'■an make a new army to take our place's "'
And they did.
All honor to the lowa Regiment In the Philip
pines, now that their faces are turned home
ward. God grant them a safe arrival In the
old State among their friends and families.
And now. my fellow-citizens. I simp!-. want
to say one other thing, and that is that our
flag in the Philippines still waves there, and
it waves not as a tanner of Imperialism, It '
waves not as a symbol of oppression, but it
waves as It waves here and everywhere— th« j
flag of freedom, of hope, of civilization.
PROBABLY WENT DOWN
WITH ITS ENTIRE CREW
'■ Waterlogged * Bark Sighted at Sea
• Disappeared Before Aid Could
Be Rendered.
NEW YORK, Oct 16.— The brig Motley
arrived from Surinam after a passage of
twenty-five days. Captain Diller reports
that on October 3. latitude 33, longitude
76 io, he sighted a wreck, Apparently a
bark, dismasted and waterlogged, with
the crew on board. As a heavy gale of
wind was blowing and high seas were
running he could not render them any as
sistance. As night was approaching he
hove to until daylight and the next day
cruised around in search of the wreck but
she had disappeared. Apparently she
foundered during the night.
LOUISVILLE. Kv., Oct. 16.— The first
'■ day's trip of the Bryan-Goebel party
j through Kentucky commenced this
morning at Cairo, 111.. the first
; speech of the day being made at
i Bardwp;;. Ky., in the presence of a good
j natured and good-sized crowd. The spe
cial train reached the Kentucky town at
| ?:30 o'clock. In his opening address Mr.
i Bryan demonstrated his purpose to urge
j the support of the Democratic State ticket
| headed by William Goebel for Governor.
} He held that the question whether or not
| the next President of the United States
j were a Democrat depended largely upon
j whether Kentucky were Democratic this
i fall. He held that it was not a matter of
I moment what man headed the ticket,
'. claiming that any Democrat who stood for
! the Chicago platform was better than a
Republican. This question was one as to
principles between the parties.
Mr. Bryan assailed the attitude of
President McKinley as related to the
Philippine Islands, asserting that the
President's declaration that Congress
would care for the islands was a subver- j
sion of the Declaration of Independence
and the first to be openly made by a
President of the United States. The dec
laration of the President suggested the
use of the word parliament instead of ]
congress, and recalled the colonial days
and policy of King George. The islands
did not and could not belong to us simply
because we had paid a decaying mon- |
archy for them.
The silver question and the Chicago '
platform as a whole. Mr. Bryan declared. !
form the vital questions to be solved in j
the coming political contest of ISOO.
At Fulton. Paducah. Benton and Prince- •
ton there were large crowds of enthus
iastic Democrats. At all these points Mr. :
Bryan covered about the same ground '
as in his speech at Bardwell.
From Princeton the special was divert- '■
ed to Hopkinsville, a distance of thirty
miles from the main line of the Illinois
Central. There were liberal decorations
at Hopkinsville and great enthusiasm. I
From Hopkinsville the Louisville and !
Nashville road was utilized in reaching
Norton, where the main line of the Illi
nois Central was again struck, and the
next stop, just as evening came on, was
at Circle City. The crowd here was very
enthusiastic, especially on State topics. |
From Circle City the special sped on to I
Litehneld. the last stop of the day, prior
to passing the night at Louisville.
Among thos* who were present on the
trip were: Mr. and Mrs. William J.
Bryan. I rev Woodson, national commit- I
teeman from Kentucky; William Goebel,!
candidate for Governor: Captain James [
Blackburn, brother of Senator J C. S i
Blackburn: G. G. Coulter, candidate for.'
State Auditor; Edward Fennell. State j
Jury Commissioner; Captain Lillard, Pen-
Itentlary Warden; Hon. O. M. James and
others prominent in Kentucky Demo
cratic politics, and an army of news:
correspondents.
SAMOAN DIFFICULTY
MAY BE ARBITRATED
Germany and England to Resort to
This Course if They Fail to
Reach an Agreement.
Special Cable to The Call and the >."• -w T rk
Herald. Copyrighted, JSSS, by James Gor
don Dennett.
BERLIN. Oct. 16.— The Scblesische Zej
tung announces that a new proposal has
been put forward regarding the Samoan
question. England has offered Germany
compensation if she will renounce Upoli.
The Agrarian organ adds that it is- not
impossible that Gcrmanv will accept the
proposal, provided that a very high in
demnity is paid.
I am. however, informed by the Foreign
Ofiice that the report the Schlesische
Zeitung is an indiscretion and is not quite
exact. It is true that Encland has made
the proposal in question, but it was de
clined. As a consequence the North
German Gazette declares that Germany's
position on the Samoan question remains
unchanged. i am. however, informed
that in regard to the question of com
pensation to individuals both Germany
and England have agreed to appeal to ar
bitration if they fail to come to an agree
ment otherwise. The cons of the
I'nited States to this course has not ar
rived, but there is no doubt that the reply
will be favorable.
MURDERED AND HIS
VESSEL SET AFIRE
Fate of the Master of the Oyster
Sloop Dream in Maryland
Waters.
BALTIMORE Oct. IC.-The little oyster '
sloop "ream, on fire, drifted Into Rock
Creek yesterday, bearing evidence that I
a mi:- had been committed on her
deck. The dismembered portions of a
white man's body, supposed to be that of
Captain Oliver Caulk, her owner and<*
commander, were found after the fire 1
had been extinguished. A colored deck- i
hand named Frank Collier is missing and
he probably shared the fate of the cap
tain. I
The police are searching for a myste
rious stranger who boarded the Dr»am
on Saturday and asked to be taken to
St. Michaels. Talbot County, her home
port, whither she was bound. The vessel
sailed on Saturday evening. On Sunday
morning she drifted into Rock Creek,
eight miles below the city. An unknown
man was picked up off Sparrows Point,
nearly opposite Rock Creek, yesterday
morning from a yawl boat by the crew of
the schooner Amelia and brought to Bal
timore, where he disappeared. The po
lice believe that this man is the murderer.
Captain Caulk had about $300 on his per
son when he sailed on Saturday.
•■
SAN DOMINGO'S DEAD
PRESIDENT ACCUSED
New Government Charges Heureaux
With Having Mismanaged
Public Funds.
SAN DOMINGO, Oct. 16.— Govern
ment has issued a decree declaring the
late President, General Heureaux, respon
sible for the mismanagement of the public
funds through mixing with private affairs
and introducing unlawful currency, and
has ordered the public attorney to proceed
against his heirs and all whom it may
concern, commencing by attaching the es
tate.
Great indignation is expressed at the
discovery of the rebellious plot, involving
an attempt to assassinate General Jim
enes and General Vasquez. the provisional
President. Many persons have been placed
under arrest, and it is expected further
arrests will be made. Severe measures are
being taken to insure public order and
the country is apparently quiet.
A decree has been issued allowing the
export of cattle until December 31, at dues
of $5 per head.
BIDS ON WATER BONDS.
City Clerk of Los Angeles Authorized !
to Advertise. i
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10. —At a meeting
of the City Council held this afternoon
the City Clerk was directed to advertiss
for sale the recently authorized water |
bonds to the amount of $2,090,000. Bid
ders are to be given a chance on two sorts
of proposals, one for the entire issue, the
other for a portion of the issue sufficient
to make a tender to the water company
of the arbitrators' award. The latter pro"
posal really makes the bonds twentv
three years' serials. Bids must be in by
December 4.
WAS KILLED FOR
HER PENSION
Fate of Mrs. Christina
Edson.
*
MURDERER HAS CONFESSED
. ♦
TERRIBLE CRIME OF COLEMAN
GELISFIE.
♦
After Having Strangled the Old Lady
Robs the Body, Eats a Lunch
and Sets Fire to the
House.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITT, Oct. 16.— tragic
death of Mrs. Christina Edson at Gold
Beach, Or., last week, it has developed,
was a most fiendish murder. A young
man named Coleman Gilisole, arrested a
few days ago at Cottage Grove, l_a.n_
County, Or., upon suspicion, has "since
made a confession of the terrible deed.
Gllispie by his own statement went in
the night to the secluded little home of
the widow and demanded of her a pen
sion check for 575 which she had received
but a short time previously. Mrs. Edson,
declining to comply with the request, the
assassin seized her by the throat and
choked her til! she was almost lifeless.
Then relaxing his grasp he succeeded by
threats in securing the paper and its
assignment. But his design was not yet
accomplished. Again clutching the help
less woman by the threat he held her
prostrate till life was extinct. He then
searched the premises for valuables, find
ing only $11 50 in money and a few arti
cles of jewelry, some of which he took
off the corpse. Next he repaired to the
pantry, from which he secured victuals
for a luncheon. After leisurely eating a
repast he proceeded to saturate the cloth
ing of his victim with coal oil and apply
ing a lighted match walked away.
Suspicion was first attracted to Gil
ispie when he presented his sweetheart
with a ring which he had removed from
the hand of the murdered woman. The
second link forged in the chain of circum
stances leading to his capture was the
selling of the pension check to a ranch*
in Coos County, to whom he made false
representation as to the manner in which
he had become possessed of it.
Gilisple is of notoriously bad character
aside from the charge now pending, hav
ing been accused of various crimes. He
was accused of horse-stealing and would
have been convicted but for the influence
of relatives and their money.
Mrs. Edson was a pioneer of the coun
ty wherein she was murdered and highly
esteemed. During an outbreak of the
Rogue River Indians in 1556 she was com
pelled to witness the slaying and scalp
ing of her husband and two sons, after
which she and her daughter, now Mrs
Fred Blake of Chetco, Or., fell captive to
the Indians and were so held for a num
ber of weeks, when they were at length
ransomed by the gift of maj required
articles of use and ornament* from the
whites.
JOHN MELTON'S WILL
FILED FOR PROBATE
Disposition of the Property of the
Well-Known Pioneer Mine
Owner Made Public.
PLACERVILLE. Oct. 15.-The will of
the late John Melton, who died in this
city the Ist ■ Bt., was admitted to pro
bate in the Superior : Court this morning.
The testament, which was made a num
| ber of years ago, divided the interest of
ithe deceased in the famous Brown Bear
: mine, in Trinity County, among a brother.
! Isaac Melton of Cuba, Kar.s., and sis
nephews and nieces. E. W. W'itmer of
the law firm of Williams & Witmer of this
city was made executor of the will.
The deceased was one of the mosl
prominent mining men in the county. No
provision was made in the will disposing
of his extensive mining interests in this
COUntyJ which includes the Gentle Annie ;
group of mines, near this city; the Eaele i
King, near Grizzly Flat, ar.d the Pov- j
erty Point and Melton, in this county. j
Deceased was also the owner of the Ohio
House, the leading hotel in this city.
Both the executor of the will and Pub-
He Administrator '". P. Winchell have ap
plied for letters of administration on this !
property, and Judge Bennett was to-day
engaged in hear: the matter.
KAISER BARS GAMBLING.
German Soldiers Not Permitted to In-
dulge in Games of Chance.
BERLIN, Oct. -Emperor William
has issued a decree directing that all regi
mental commanders shall strongly revive
the Cabinet order of six ye aT ago, for- *
bidding gambling in the army.
Count Hohenan, commander of the
Gardes dv Corps, will go to Spain on No- !
vember 2 to present King Alfonso the
decoration of the order of the Black
Eagle which has been conferred upon him
by the German Emperor.
Sonoma Grand Jury.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 16.— The first ses
sion of the Sonoma County Grand Jury
was held this afternoon. The jury was
impaneled by Judge Burnett, who ap
pointed W. D. Houx of Two Rock fore
man. The grand jury this evening ad
journed to meet at the call of the chair
after electing A. S. Luce of this city their
expert. •<-.--::
Murder Trial Opens.
WEAVERVILLE. Oct. 16.-The trial ofj
Thomas, Haydn for the murder of O. D.
Littleflel September 27. 1895, was begun
In the Superior Court to-day. It Is the 1
general opinion that a jury will not be
secured before next Friday. One hun- j
dred and twenty witnesses have been
summoned.
1146 MARKET STREET.
NEW STORE!
NEW GOODS!
JUST RECEIVED
From the most celebrated manufacturers in the world (Lawton &
Hall) the largest shipment of LADIES' AND MISSES' MACK
INTOSHES ever placed before the ladies of San Francisco * Th'i«
shipment embraces all the latest styles and coloring*
The goods will be placed on sale' this morning aV'th* follow-
ing prices:
$4, S4.SO, 54.75, $5, SG. 57.50,
SlO, S 14.7 5 AND 518.5 Q.
C7"These goods at the prices marked are positively the best
value ever offered. We respectfully invite an inspection of the«
GENUINE WATER-PROOF MACKINTOSHES. AH guaranteed!
J.O'BRIEN&CO.
1146 Market Street,
Between Taylor and Mason.
MURDOCK CASE
COMPROMISED
Famous Suit Settled Out
of Court.
♦
ABOUT $90,000 WAS PAID
» , ...
MARY HELEN MURDOCH AC
QUIRES THE SNUG SUM.
; Executors of the Estate After Having
Spent Vast Amounts of Money
Decide to End the Contest
of the Note.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS. Oct. JC.-The famous Mur
dock case, which created such excitement
ln this State and county while being tried
here last spring, was to-day dismissed
upon the application of Frank Freeman,
attorney for Mary Helen Murdock, the
case being settled out of court.
William Murdock, a wealthy fanner of
this county, died here ln 1594, and as soon
as his will was admitted to probate Mary
Helen Murdock presented a note against
the estate for $100,000, due twenty years
after date, and dated at OHmpo, Septem
ber 5, 1577. The claim was rejected and
suit was brought, but as the note did not
come due until _K<l that suit was dis
missed. Mrs. Murdock then began suit
through her attorneys, Cannon & Free
man, in September. 1897. This suit was
to-day dismissed. The executors claimed
the note to be a forgery, and this was
the defense made at the trial in April
last. The trial of the case consume* the
better part of two months and resulted in
a mistrial, the jury being equally divided.
The end of the trial was looked upon as a
victory for Mary Helen Murdock, as she
was lighting without money and the es
tate was spending money lavishly on all ;
sides. Something like- $10,000 was paid
for writing experts alone.
Just what the figure was that ended the j
suit cannot be obtained, as both Bides
refuse to discuss the matter: but from ;
the best information obtainable the '•
amount paid was close to $90,000.
EX-BANK CASHIER
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
Sensational Suit Is Hied Against ! '
Charles R. Mayers, a Wealthy j
Resident of Pasadena. " :
PASADENA. Oct. " 16.— A sensational i i
suit was filed to-day against Theodore j i
Gordon, formerly proprietor of the Gor- j i
don Arms. Terminal Island's swell hotel, ; i
The plaintiff is Charles R. Mayers, presi- i i
dent of the Columbus (O.) First Na- ! !
tional Bank. It is alleged that Gordon. !
when cashier, accepted, with fraudulent ; :
Intent, certain notes of F. R. Doty of Chi- I
cago, knowing Doty to be insolvent and I :
that he represented to the Comp- i :
troller of the Currency of the* United ' i
States that the notes were good. Dam- j •
ages in the sum of J4257 and interest is i :
prayed for. j
Gordon denies the charges and says he I :
will contest the suit. He now lives on ' :
Los Robles avenue in this city. The al-»!
leged fraud was perpetrated 'from Jnne. I :
1S&0, to June, 18*7. :
o> ' J
IMPORTANT STRIKE
OF ORE IS MADE
Ledge Three Peet Wide and Entirely
Virgin Ground Uncovered
Near Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 16.-The most
important strike that- has been made in
this county for a long time was the dis
covery in the old North Star mine yes
terday of an entirely new shoot of ore in
the s<X>-foot drift. For several years the
North Star has been going down, but Su
perintendent Foote was confident hat by
running the SX^foot drift a new pay shoot
would be encountered.
The ledge js three feet in thickness, in
entirely virgin pround and the company.
for the reason that it owns all the ground
for several thousand feet in this direc
tion, has an unlimited scope of country
to work. New machinery will at once be
substituted for the old plant and the mine
worked on a large scale.
ATTORNEYS COME TO
BLOWS IN THE COURT
E. 0. Larkins and Alfred Daggett in
a Personal Encounter Before a
Visalia Judge.
VISALIA. Oct. 16.— E. O. Larkins and
Alfred Daggett, two of the best known
lawyers in this county, -.me to blows in
the Superior Court room this afternoon.
Daggett called Larkins hard names.
Lark: resented this and Daggett struck
Larkins in th* face. Larkins let loose
his right arm and Daggett fell among the
chairs. Consternation prevailed amor.?
the spectators, who endeavored to restore
quiet, but in vain. The Sherin! was sent
for and Daggett drew a knife and threat
ened vengeance. Judge W. B. Wallace
fined the attorneys $100 each.
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
NAPA. Oct. 16.— The annual session of
the Napa County Teachers' Institute
opened at the Turn Verein Hall at 10:30
o'clock this morning for three days' work.
Superintendent of Schools John A. Imrie
presided. Roll call revealed the pre-.
of ninety teachers. every . employed
teacher in the county being present.
These were most!'. young men and
women, though there are a number ;>f
older teachers of both sexes. The pro
ceedings were marked with interest. Pro
fessor Elwood P. Cubberly of Stanford
spoke entertainingly and lnetructlvely
upon the subject. "Why Some Teachers
Fail and Some Underlying Mean:: of
Education." _ ,
Harr Wagner, editor of the Western
Journal of Education, spoke upon the
subject. "Why Some Teachers Succeed, *
and gave the result of his observations
upon the conduct and character of educa
! tional institutions in New Orleans, Cin
cinnati, Cleveland and Indianapolis.
— Tg— l WEAK BACK,
flPfj TWITCHING
L^T ' NERVES,
f >JIIIL FAILING
' MEMORY,
'^||| DIZZY SPELLS,
Are permanent./
cured by HUD TAN.
lis iirsP^filjS^ll Can you not see tnat
B|^M|^ something is rad-
L. - .-fifj^7y^= ically wrong when
E ■ ~ffi* B === such conditions ex-
I -ig S § ==== 1 ,st? Know you that
t=^==g Jf— -^ these symptoms de-
r^__^f-3 gfy~ = note serious trouble?
E===S|| fe^=^ " If you experience
***"P*l ik""""^ these symptoms,
' i (r«^* "with perhaps ncr-
I \ *| ( vousness.a feellngof
# ißi lassitude or exhaus-
tion, sediment i n
urine; or headaches (Fig. 1), hollow eyes
and puffiness under eyes (Fig 2), coated
tongue or clammy mouth (Fig. 3), back-
ache (Fig. 4), weakness of limbs (Fig. 5),
or swelling of ankles (Fig. 6), then be
warned, for you may soon find yourself
a total invalid.
Take HUDYAN*. It will cure you. Don't
wait until complete prostration, but take
HUDYAN now.
HIT) VAX is a permanent cure for all
Kidney and Nervous disorders. Don't be-
come a physical wreck, when a positive
cure is within your lrnmecliate reach.
HUDYAJi is not on experiment — it has
been tried and tested. HUDYAN makes
ich blood, which serves to give strength
and build up the system.
HUDYAN— aII druggists soc a package,
:x packages %i 50. If your druggist does
iot keep it, send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY CO., cor. Stockton, Ellis and
Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALLCR
VRITE.
gSpp^^p*^ The Best Salts {
!^B£|§v ' yf> Are Made by Ds. I
»f 'TYvM v -* *" doing the :
&.'-yf i \«'l iH- largest tailoring J
S-v7;..".'f I Si k\ I business on th« •
V 'J ! :"^- c
yt n -^ H .
if/ : vl IZJ v ____£. Or:_ reason 1= J
3-7 '-■]/■■ , rWs£\Y7 that we make suits J
*7'7- -sii. -S I Yfll 'or '■' '-' '■■"■ '"-' J
TT^jTi I \ 1 than other tailors — I
aSSE^'I iM I VI I /"% which means a saf- :
J"-'.-'.:'- .T: (\7\ i ll V 1 ing of from JlO to :
-ijll'h \ "/ '- on a salt .for J
*wMs£<' Ton - \
li/f-i Gentlemen like a J
■■■■__\y\J: jv\ V place where they •
>;77f>..yjQr "v^^ can' get the best :
a/ Hf THE ~^ at a reasonable
: : ':.'. '£& jmn. .» cost. ;
"••' I/uLiUl* "We guarantee ;
workmanship and !
1110-1112 Market an -excellent fit or •
St.. San Francisco, refund your money i
201-203 Montgomery ' j
,«A t '-«? a: l, Fr * Ilclsco * All-Wool Suits. |
101^.v.l hinelca St.. 315.30; All-Wool |
wo^f^e -. = Pants - M.50; e'.e- i
143 Bert* Spring St " _ ...... Overcoats for J
Los Angeles. £2«> s
IWNERjMoiij?]
I tJiSSIISiSSb- J
When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circulars
riving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Eest golf grounds in the State.
Unequaied fishing, sailing, eyeliner
hunting, bathing, etc
Reduced Summer Rates. •
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street
EAN FRANCISCO.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
-or the relief and cure of Rheumatism
3out, Diabetes, Bnghts and ether renal
:ompiaints, Asthma, Obesity aniChro.i-
-c Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Dr office, city, No. 336 Sutter st.
SYRON The hot mineral baths
-mnr cum Rheumatism.
i*J 1 , Address a. Bettens. mgr
SPRINGS f 1 the s Pr'Egs. Call on
©FKIIMjQ Lombard & Co.. IT, Gear?
street, cjty.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHB
1 Truckee River: pleasant sunny reoms. Rood
seating on lake; boats free to guests prices
;easonable. « to SIC per week: special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
lake and hotel.
£LIMATE SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT-
y nore better la Lak. Co.; StaSSJFS
"*• H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
WO TRAINS DAH.T. JJO A. M. AND * P.
•■r.E'w 1 j'^S^g^ a^gg,n C^P. O^ 1
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Ths Call" visiting U»
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months, can have "The Call" senttothsm
for a week or longer by prepaying for sarin
it the Business Ofiice or by order tfcraogh
carrier.
mm _ ...TERMS.-
-15 Cents per Week
65 Cents per Month
+OSTAOB PREPAID.THE CITY CANNOT WIN
THE BIG CONVENTIONS
Telegraph Companies Put a
Veto Upon the Proposal.
An Insurmountable Obstacle Presented to
the Success of the Project Which
All Citizens Indorse.
THE great telegraph companies have
placed an absolute veto upon the
splendid project to bring the con
ventions bf the two national politi
cal parties to this city.' The official
Fpokesmen of tho Western l nlon
Telegraph Company and the Postal Tele
graph Company declare that the corpora
tions which they represent are unable to
meet one bf the conditions which nee,
sity would demand In the event of a
session of either the Republican or the
Democratic national convention In San
Francisco. The leading newspapers of the
l'nion will insist, as they have insisted
before, that complete and Individual re
ports of the convention proceedings be
sent to them by their special correspond
ents. This would involve the telegraphic
transmission of over half a million words
a day across the continent if either of
the conventions were held in fids city.
Both- of the telegraph companies an
nounce that they are utterly unable to
undertake such a gigantic task and con
sequently, however deeply the people and
public spirited , citizens of the city may
regret the loss of what would be a uni
versally conceded advantage, the condi
tion must be accepted and the project
Bbandoned. The same lack of telegraphic
facilities has robbed San* Francisco of the
honor and advantage of a national po
litical convent three times ■'■■ twelve
years.
National political leaders of both par
ties and fair minded people of other
States have admitted that this city, as
one of the great cities of the Union, is
entitled to the honor of a national con
vention. The citizens of San Francisco
have pleaded with both national parties
for such an honor. The people of the
State, Irrespective of political ties, have
time and again lent their assistance.
Members of both national committees
have not only promised their votes for
Ban Francisoo, but have given them. The
city has guaranteed thousands of dollars
for the entertainment of national dele
gates and has sent representatives to
Washington to plead with the national
committees and promise all but one of
the facilities and accommodations that
are necessary to the success of a na
tional convention. The single facility
that could not be promised and which
cannot now be supplied has proved the
unfailing obstacle to success. It is the
inability cf the telegraph companies to
eend across the continent the news of the
convention proceedings.
In past efforts tne people of the city
have deluded themselves to the last mo
ment with a hope of success. They have
gone to great expenditure of money and
time for no purpose. While San Francis
co Is now more than ever entitled to at
least one of the national conventions if
not both, the regrettable fact remains that
she cannot have either. The telegraph
companies are no more able now than
they were twelve j-ears ago to handle
the tremendous volume of news which
proceeds from a national convention.
Representatives of the two great com
panies, who speak with authority, de
clare that the corporations for which
thej- speak will not attempt to repair
their admitted weakness. They declare.
In the first place, that it would be neces
sary to duplicate the systems now ln use
In order to transmit the news telegraph
ically across the continent.
Such an undertaking would Involve a
cost Car In excess of any prospective
profit from convention work and the com
panies refuse positively to incur a loss.
In the second place the managers of the
companies declare ihat even if the cor
porations were disposed to supply the
facilities necessary for the ''transmission
of news they could not do so in the time
that now remains before the meetings of
the two conventions. San Francisco
must therefore accept the failure which
all of Its citizens and well-wishers must
look upon ns fortunate and undeserved, j
The present movement, which, with a
reasonable prospect of success would be
commendable, is neither new nor feasible.
Several limes before officials of the city
end State, political and civic organiza
tions and prominent citizens of all polit
ical creeds have united in agitating a
project that would have been of the
greatest advantage to California. But
after the members of the two great na
tional political parties had given their
promises and inclined their heartiest sup
port they Interviewed the representatives
of the telegraph companies and found
that one of the most vital elements of
convention success with San Francisco as
a headquarters was an Impossibility.
The leading newspapers of the Union
Insisted that they be guaranteed the right
to transmit convention news to suit them
selves individually. They refused positive
ly to accept reports which their rivals
would also receive. The transmission of
such r.ews is of primary Importance to
both parties and when the telegraph com
panies announced that they could not send
it. San Francisco dropped from the list of
available aspirants for convention honors.
"What the members of both national
committees have done time and again be
fore and what they will do again The Call
has already done. It has secured Inter
views from Frank Jaynes, superintendent
of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany, and from Assistant Superintendent
Swain of the Postal Telegraph Company.
Both declare that their companies are ut
terly unable to handle the enormous vol
ume of telegraphic matter that would be
effered by American newspaper represent
atives at a national political convention
held in this city.
Superintendent Jaynes of the Western
l'nion Telegraph Company says that his
company has not the facilities for such a
tremendous task, and more than that, will
not attempt to secure them. The time is
too limited, he says, the . expense too
great, and th" undertaking too large. In
an interview yesterday he spoke as fol
lows:
It will be absolutely impossible for
the two telegraph companies com
bined to handle the news in the event
of the national conventions being
held in this city. While I would like
very much to have them come here
the undertaking is too large for the
telegraphic facilities at present avail
able. It will require several hun
dred wires in addition to the present
equipment, which wires would have
to be stretched across the continent
to Chicago at least, and even if the
companies should decide to string the
extra wires the time is/too limited
to put them in place for the conven
tions. It would practically necessi
tate a duplicate of the system now
in operation and the scheme is im
practicable.
The combined equipment of the
Western Union and Postal Telegraph
systems would be but a fraction of
what would be necessary to handle
the business. To build the necessary
additional equipment would require a
vast sum of money which the com
panies would not feel justified in ex
pending on a proposition which at
best is merely of a temporary char
acter.
It is impossible, for there would be
need of so many special wires
and special reports that the news
could not be telegraphed in the man
ner in which the great Eastern dail
ies would desire it.
Assistant Superintendent Swain of the
Postal Telegraph Company has practically
the same obstacle to offer. He is con
vinced that a vast sum of money would
be required to equip the telegraph com
panies properly for the task, and the com
panies will not bear the burden of such an
expenditure. In an interview yesterday
he said,- speaking for L. \V. Storrer, the
superintendent:
The two telegraph companies could
not handle half the business which
would result if the party conven
tions were held in this city. When
we consider that over a million words
and more will be telegraphed daily,
an idea of the magnitude of the busi
ness may be obtained. Now the plan
would be feasible if these reports
would be accepted by all the great
dailies, but they will have their
special staff of representatives on the
scene and special reports without end
will be sent.
It would be necessary to add a
large number of wires to the overland
system, and in some cases the plant
ing of new telegraph poles. Con
siderably more than a million dollars
would be required to increase the sys
tem to its needed proportions, and it
is not > likely that the companies
would go to the expense for a propo
sition which would last m>t over four
weeks in all. After that the com
panies would be obliged to take
down the wires again, thus adding
largely to the expense. The plan
would be feasible if the Eastern
dailies would take the one report, but
this they will not do as special re
ports will be their aim and an un
told number of these will be tele
graphed about the proceedings.
I am sure that if the proposition
were practicable it would be carried
out, as California would reap incal
culable benefits by the presence of
the two big conventions, but the cold,
serious fact is that the two telegraph
companies would be unable to handle
the news to the satisfaction of the
Eastern dailies.
These interviews prove beyond the shad
ow of question that the earnest desire of
every public-spirited citizen of San Fran
cisco and of every well-wisher of the State
cannot now be satisfied. While there is
no one who will not regret the fact, lt Is
better to learn it now than after time and
money have uselessly been spent in a
cause that cannot be crowned. with suc
cess.
'
MONEY THE JOSS WORSHIPED By
CAUCASIAN HIGHBINDERS.
• Alameda Tong of White Highbinders in Session.
: 9 mOE organization In Alameda of a
"* , I white man's highbinder tong, ap-
T I ing all the customs, imitating the
j» I methods and following the tradl
♦ tions of the Simon Pure hatchet
i* men of Chinatown, has caused much
:"£ speculation among the peaceful citi
* V zens of the city across the bay. Al
jj though Alameda Tong No. 1 of the
+ Celestial Order of California Illgh
** binders is a profoundly secret organi
-2J tlon, whose object the "cousins" take
• V' a solemn oath not to reveal to the
! op uninitiated under penalty of punish
| -*J ment from the keen edges of the
! 85 hatchets of the members, enough is
I + known of the Institution to cause some
V apprehension for the welfare of that
cf section of the community that is an
+ tagonistic to the white men's Chinese
J? society.
■4- Money Is the joss the "cousins" wor-
S5 ship; money ls the pass word of the
v» tong, and money ls the object of the
+ organization. The secret scroll says
£8 that brotherly love and social good
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17. 1599.
VIGOROUS WORK
OUTLINED FOR
THE CAMPAIGN
Republican Executive
Cc mm
»
THIRTY-SIX MEMBERS NAMED
♦
HORACE DAVIS TO ADDRESS
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
•
Signs of the Contest Point Toward
the "Complete Success of
the Republican
Causa.
The municipal campaign which the Re
publicans opened under cheering auspices
at Metropolitan Hall last Saturday even
ing will be conducted in a vigorous and
effective manner, until the polls close on
election day. Signs of the complete suc
cess of the Repvbllan ticket are multi
plying. The Republican leader, Horace
Davis, possesses the- confidence of all
classes of citizens. Many voters who are
not partisans In the strict sense of the
word have openly announced their deter
mination to support him.
The Republican Supervisorial ticket has
been strengthened by the nomination of
I. J. Truman, the present Treasurer of the
city, and Emmet P. Barrett. In every es
sential respect Mr. Truman Is a stronger
man than Mr. Britton, who was persuaded
to withdraw from the ticket. In the pre
liminary and active work of framing the
new charter Mr. Truman was more atten
tive and useful than Mr. Britton. He had
ideas concerning municipal government
and did not hesitate to give his fellow citi
zens the benefit of his studies in the field
of charter-making.
Yesterday Alfred Bouvler, chairman of
the new Republican County Committee,
appointed an executive committee as fol
lows:
Charles L. Franklin I Alfred Bouvler
E. H. Lutgens Edward M. Buckley
Daniel Crane John J. Daughrey
E. L. Nolan I. B. Dalzlel
John Aherns C. W. Gordon
James F. Kelly Max Goldberg
H. C. Henderson • Augustus Johnson
J. K. Hillmnn John McDermott
Henry E. Holmes John B. McNamara
James H. Humphreys John F. McGlynn
J. C. Zellerbach Lincoln D. McDonald
T. H. McCarthy A. J. Martin
I. J. Aschelm William Metzner
Maurice Brandt Geo. W. Pennington
I. J. Truman Jr. A. R. Simmons
Charles L. Benton A. B. Truman
L. A. Rea ! George Whnmer
Thomas R. Evans l James A. Wilson
It will be observed that the eighteen
committeemen-at-large recently appointed
by Sheldon G. Kellogg, chairman of the
Republican convention, are assigned to
duty on the executive committee. They
are reinforced by eighteen others, one
from each Assembly district, making a
committee of thirty-six.
To-night, at 723 Market street. History
building, the executive committee will
meet to devise plans for a vigorous con
duct of the campaign. It ls expected that
every man on the ticket, everj' man on the
committee, every Republican voter of the
city, and all citizens of San Francisco
desiring good municipal government, will
lend their services to the good cause of
electing Horace Davis and the entire
ticket.
G"ie of the first steps toward success
will be the organization of clubs In the
various -• Assembly districts. Meetings
will be held from time to time throughout
the city, under the auspices of the As
sembly district clubs. Horace Davis will
go from place to place and address his
fellow citizens. The workingmen will give
him a great welcome, as he is a man of
the plain people, in close touch and sympa
thy with the everyday workers of the
world.
The Cotmty Committee has established
headquarters In the History building, ad
joining the rooms occupied by the Horace
Davis Central Republican Club.
St. Brendan's Fair
St. Brendan's Church fair will close to
morrow evening. There are many articles
of value in the various booths, which will
be disposed of by raffle. Last evening all
the householders in the neighborhood
were present and many had good luck.
The notice was conspicuously posted on
the outside of the building at "the corner
of Fremont and " Harrison streets, in
which the fair is held, that admittance
was free. There will be no admission fee
to the end of the fair. All are welcome.
fellowship have no place In the coun
cils of the tong. Money is the thing,
and on «he secret scroll is. written that
the cousins will not stop at anything
to gain it, even if they have "to put
a nick ln the trusted blades of their
hatchets." 'y._ '"/yy^^
Now, most of the white highbinders
of Alameda are members of the city
government. City Clerk Lamborn i*
wearer of the yellow Jacket; City Vet
erinarian Carpenter is the great windy
spieler; Chief of Police Conrad holds
no office, but he was one of the most
prominent members of the tong; City
Treasurer Wheeler also enjoys the
title of "cousin"; City Attorney Tay
lor ls king of the tong and City En
gineer Poyzer is the great slzerup of
the wealth of prospective members.
Two members of the Board of Health
are on tho list, but. every, member of
the Board of City Trustees is barred
from Joining under a decree from the
great wearer of the yellow jacket,
with whom they have not agreed in
; Hll^t^ll^^lJ^^B^.^? J t? i .1
SAMPSON'S CRITICISMS
FIND SHAFTER UNRUFFLED
Says He Cannot Understand the
Admiral's Attitude,
The Santiago Campaign Speaks for Itself,
He Declares, and It Should Testify
I to His Ability.
IT is not often an admiral of the navy
publicly criticizes a major general of
the army, but If ho be* quoted cor
rectly that is what Admiral Samp
son has been doing. In a dispatch
from Boston dated October 15
Sampson is Quoted as saying that to
Captain Chadwick, commander of the
17. 3. 8. New York, was due the credit of
the surrender of Toral, he having written
the letter demanding the surrender and
having suggested the course to pursue to
secure Toral's final downfall. And, fur
ther, Admiral Sampson la quoted as say
ing that it was due to Shatter's ignor
ance th«t Total was free as long as he
was, and had it not been for Chadwick's
advice and assistance. Toral might have
held on indefinitely.
The utterances of Sampson are very
similar to some things he said in an ad
dress before an audience in Morgans
town, W. Va., some time ago. On that
occasion, however, he confined his criti
cisms to the statement that Shafter al
lowed his army to run away from him
in Cuba because he was Incapable of
properly commanding it. His more re
cent remarks are but a repetition with
more details added.
General Shafter declines to enter into
any controversy with the admiral over
the Cuban campaign. He says he will
not make a newspaper tight out of 'it,
and he intimates that it is hardly the
proper thing for a major general of the
army and an admiral of the navy to air
their grievances, however real or fan
cied, for the benefit and entertainment of
1 "I was ordered by the President to take
Santiago and drive out Cerveraa fleet '
he said last evening, "and I think that
was done. The result of the campaign
before Santiago is the best evidence of
my abilities as a commanding officer
There were certain things ordered to be
done and I don't think anything was left
U^°£? ll d^render of Toral. that
was "the natural result of the campaign
Captain Chadwick was with me the day
I sent the demand for surrender, but the
demand was. not sent upon his advice
nor with his material assistance. He and
I discussed the situation; he was very
courteous and he offered some sugges
tions, but they were toward the form of
address, not to the substance of the de
mand. I was not mincing words. I was
not addressing "your excellency or your
honor.' I wrote the demand In plain
English, and then it was that Captain
Chadwick suggested a different form in
addressing Toral. J I accepted his sugges
tions and he copied my dispatch. He
wrote the message that was sent, but
what he wrote was a copy of my demand.
The handwriting was his and the form
of the address, but it Is foolish to say
he made the demand for surrender upon
Toral. , _. , , ,
"Admiral Sampson has attacked me be
fore and perhaps he does so again be
cause 1 remained silent, but I can hardly
believe that an officer of his rank would
descend to personalities against an officer
of my rank. What he ,fs quoted as saying
Is pure personality. It is not criticism,
even if criticism were allowable under
the circumstances and from such a
source; it Is pure personality, and it would
not be proper for me to reply to it. There
has never been any criticism of my cam
paign from any one who would be sup
posed to be an authority, but the opinions
of a man in Admiral Sampson's position
are taken with a good deal of weight. I
cannot understand how he can have said
the things credited to him."
SHAFTER HONORED.
According to expectations, General
Shafter was retired and retained yester
their relations as city officials.
Chinese music, Chinese gin and Chi- <£
nese rice and rats are always plentiful &
at the tong's meetings. Beer is per- -f
mitted at special functions, but it '8?
must be drunk out of Chinese bowls. +
Knives, forks and spoons are tabooed
at the banquets, hut chopsticks are £
provided for all. The tong has been 5
unable to secure any permanent head- 55
quarters for the reason that the beau- +
ty of the Celestial music is not ap-. 88
predated by the citizens generally, £
who have on several occasions sought +.
to break up sessions of the hatchet-' J8
men by having their musicians arrest- +
ed for disturbing the peace. This lack 85
of appreciation on the part of the out- +
siders has forced the tong to forego 5?
the pleasure of meeting twice in the g»
same place. x
The Alameda highbinders have at- 88
tracted the attention of the hatchet- +
men of Chinatown and there is some 88
talk among the tongs of sending a del- +
egatlon to confer with the white men 88
at their next session. +
77-7:7 ■ -88"
8-»S8-»88+- 88*88 ■»Bg-»83t88-»88+88-»88+88-»<
] day. He Is now a retired brigadier gen
; eral of the regular army, but he ls In as
I high command as ever he was in the vol-
I unteer service, and just now to be In the
] volunteer service Is as good as to hold
! a regular commission, and sometimes
I better. v;--
The retirement of Brigadier General
Shafter was accomplished in the order to
which the following telegram refers:
t WASHINGTON, .Oct. 16.— Major General Wil
i liam R. Shifter, Commanding Department Qf
California, Ban Francisco: The following or
l der has Just been signed:
War Department, Washington, October 16,
, IS?:*": By direction of the President Major Gen
j eral William R. Shafter, United States Volun
teers (brigadier general, United States army),
■ is retired from active service October 16, 1599,
1 as brigadier general. United States army, only,
under the provisions of the act of Congress.
i approve! June 30, 1882. lie will remain In com
mand of the Departments of California and of
the Columbia under his commission as major
general, United States Volunteers, until further
orders. EDIHU ROOT,
• Secretary of War.
By command of Major General Miles.
H. C. CORBIX, Adjutant General.
In the same order is contained the au
thority he will exercise in the future over
the Department of California and all the
troops that come and go under its Juris
diction.
General Shafter received the congratula
tions from many of his numerous friends
upon the distinction conferred upon him
by the President, for it is undoubtedly a
distinction for the general as well as an
advantage to the service. It is more tnan
probable that he will retain ids position
as long as the state of affairs in the isl
ands remains as it is, and as long as vol
unteers are in the field. General Shafter
is now the ranking volunteer officer, with
Major General Elwell S. Otis next below
him.
The favored ones of the Thirty-first
Regiment are enjoying the first days of
their release from quarantine in the city.
There are not many of the officers or
men allowed to leave the island, even
though the health restriction has been re
moved, and misbehavior during quaran
tine is bearing fruit now in continued de
tention. The regiment will get away next
Saturday under present programme, on
the transports Tartar and Manuense— ten
companies on the Tartar and two on the
Manuense.
Isaac Richardson, corporal Company H,
Idaho Volunteeers, died at the general
hospital yesterday. Charles Bartle, a pri-
I vate in Company L of the Colorado vol
| unteers, died in the hospital late Sunday
night. Both men had been discharged
with their regiments.
The Governor of lowa, his staff and reti
nue of friends visited the general hospital
yesterday and called upon the sick of
the lowa regiment that are still in the
wards. • ■-.-.. -v
The Montana men will be mustered out
of service to-day, and to-morrow evening
they will start homeward on a special
train. The time for the departure of the
train has been set for 9 o'clock. The men
will draw close to $100 apiece when they
are given their discharges. Last even
ing, being the evening before muster out,
the regiment indulged in a little Jollifica
tion with the assistance of the Kansas
men. There was the firing off of captured
rifles, cheers, stories and the repledging
of friendships formed on the firing lines
In the islands. There is the most kindly
feeling existing between the two com
mands.
A general court-martial has been ap
pointed to meet at the Presidio on Friday
next. The detail for the court is: Major
Calvin D. Cowles, Seventeenth Infantry;
Captain C. A. Bennett, Third Artillery:
First Lieutenant W. S. McNair. Third
Artillery; First Lieutenant G. H. Mc-
Manus, Third Artillery; Second Lieuten
ant Guy T. Scott. Third Artillery; Second
Lieutenant H. M. Merriam, Third Ar
tillery: First Lieutenant Rogers F.
Gardner, Third Artillery, judge advo
cate.
A board of officers was appointed to
meet at Folsom street wharf yesterday
to inspect the transports Tartar and
Newport. The board carefully examined
into the condition of the ships to ascer
tain whether or. not the accommodations
are sufficient and proper for the number
of troops they habitually carry. Special
inquiry was made as to the subsisting of
discharged soldiers returning from the
Philippines; whether or not they were
supplied on the last homeward trip of
these transports with the full army ra
tion, and whether or not such ration was
properly prepared and served. The de
tail for the board was: . Colonel Charles
R. Greenleaf, assistant surgeon general:
Major Hugh J. Gallagher, commissary of
subsistence, United States Volunteers;
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson,
Third Artillery, aid.- Captain John Bar
neson, marine superintendent. United
States transport service, was attached to
the board. The board's report will be
filed as soon as possible.
No Corn.
Is used In making the Anheuaer-Busch Frew
ing Ass'n brands of beer. The finest and pur
est for honip and club use— strictly pure beer
of barley malt and hops, no adulteration.
A Commercial Man's Death.
Jefferson Davis Smiley, a very popular
and widely known commercial traveler
for five years in the employ of Sherwood
& Sherwood of this city, died here last
Sunday of typhoid fever, contracted while
in Arizona a short time since. Besides
his widow he leaves a host of friends.
He was 38 years old.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
■ -'^^^^y^%^ Does Not Burn Nor Blister
s^Zf&omk. •'■ \ ' s CTriuH I make the only Electric Belt in the world
/^^iillM^^ ''■^^xv^t^-i 'jM-^^'Wii\ which infuses a gentle, soothing warmth of
/aV 'J .tt#i£^ Electricity into the bodyand does not BURN
<& y^S^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^''^ nor BLISTER the skin.
HS^^SKS^V-iiiinMi ■Mic'^Ba&l'k Electricity is the grandest invigorator of
WSSr D M C l/MUlaHflrflFß O the age; it cures where all else fails, but it
V&BK 'xzn._c_r-KTtt€ > n_^i\W l\cannot serve its curative purpose when the
»fe>-^ fcaiO-.-B P^*: *^y£Jtty of the bare metal electrodes renders
HP ss^ii?t^ use a torture.
KllfijfllW^^^ ' have devoted 20 years to the perfection
WlJ¥(®r^ iW'^M&Jy^'^^yy of my m ethod of treatment. My perfected Belt
of to-day is guaranteed stronger in power
trT" ■T'J^^^^^iZ^gf^ than any other on earth. Yet with my
•'/./ *' * : ■'"'- ■: ™ soft, cushion electrodes and my patented reg-
y:_7.. ulator I can infuse its vitalizing force into the
weak parts so that it strengthens but does not burn. It cures, but it does so in a sooth-
ing nleasant manner, without the least inconvenience. My Belt is a positive cure for
all nervous, weak and debilitated people, for men with VARICOCELE, WEAK BACK,
LACK OF ENERGY, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO and all pains and weak-
ness It is the only electric belt made that can be worn by a WOMAN with tender skin.
It infuses a gentle warmth into the weak nerves, restoring health and strength and
curing all forms of female complaints. ..:.-.
-"- "» vJ-'Jz'iJ^ ... Lumbago and Sciatica.
My new. beautifully Illustrated 80-page book E gan Franclsco Se p t 1899 .
full of plain, candid truths, tells how the loss of DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I suffered from
strength is caused and how I cure. It Is worth a great lumbago pains and sciatica for years before using your
deal to any one I will send It, closely sealed, free, Electric Treatment, and In two months your wonderful
~Z _.___„, ,___-<■ ' Belt entirely cured me. Appreciating the excellence of
on request. your njethod> T am , yours truly HUGH FRASEIR.
nR M A MM JUIfiHI IN 70 i , K^ , ssriEsr ,ir - om - H Vio«r.f* 3o :---
Ulll 111 l 111 111 Ltll 1 1 L I 1 1 } Cor. Spring and Second, Lot Angalei. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIIOL
**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥?%
$4 and $5 Trousers, $2.90, §
Jill this week we offer the balance of tin Wra. Cragar stock of Men's Fine Pants, <f>
fine wo-steds, in genteel stripes, made to sail at $4 anl $5 tha pair, _\>
for $2.90 *
' . . «
Dress Goods Remnants. |
To-day and Wednesdav — Colored Dress Good; Remnants anl Dress Patterns on *
sale at one-quarter off marked prices* I
_tf
24 Miniature ff^Q^^llSliainstfhß^nK!) 111 Dr. Carl Dehmel J
photo- iHr l KRlPvilll IH s "L* eon *
graphs BIIP l? "id ■ % *ll|f| itTSF 2
with mou F»^<wW«nJft«iteßazist*r. Masseur. *
for 25c. CAUFORHIA'S AMERICA'S GRAMEST STORE. Mezzanine flow. J
$1.00 White Shirts for 55c. |
They are the famous Leominster Shirt Co.'s /^^. *
y "J »
make of Leominster, Massachusetts, consid- v-*"/ V *
ered the best one-dollar white laundered / JSLJ -' *
shirt in America, no one-dollar shirt contains /^\\^\W\^ 2
better materials, no shirt at any price fits ff Jfftt ll\ *
better — special price for to-day only 55c f/f\\ \ \^j) *
tAll sf'^«s from 14 io 17— only a Jew of the 15, V^^LJJR^' %
but plenty of the others. '^^^^wlll/t *
Rj s ® c Veilings for 33c !
Jf^^tp^ To-day only we offer 437 yards of 18-inch Veil- J
W^\\^A y h^P' ings, a complete assortment of the latest «
nov Ities f the season, in fancy maih Tuxedos, Che- *
/"n^K/^ nil c Spot Tuxedos, Chenille Spot Pattern Veilings and' *
''''/7Tw'^ Chiffon Veilings, over 100 desirable styles, regularly V
•ffl' V W 50c per yard, at 33c J
Tuesday On' v. 50 dozen Laundry I Tuesjav Only. ... Squire shape J
Laundry Bag?, in a large A TeapOt Majolica Teapot «
BagS, ISC. assortment of ma- Stand, 3Cm Stand, yellow, *
terials aad de- white or *
signs, size 21x J^S^J\ Kreen ' wit>l ' fJ^S *
28 inches, with _fe3^T/l!J > ; «(J>--, flawer and i\jJyS!^" iff!  2
a nice cord and C3f- ! ifOrvJ fiiure decora- '■ |*. /T : 'i, f/ *
tassel for draw //Jf* Jg, \ ti on, regu arly / f^^' j&M_V{_e',) a J
tassel for draw vj | -i^, v tlon r egu:arly kA* 2
string, our reg- l/fatf®** % ; & each _ on - W^' }
ular prices 25c M AMf \ jjh 15c ... on .< Jff\/sr> *
and 85c __A— M 1 1|||) || \ ')' special 8a c , t^ < \ *
on special sale ' «Mj :lj mji y '. to-day only at j f/^-~- — J
for the Jay only lifii );|)|jij _J ©O —^^ «
100 —^— *-^ ; — - . . *
_________________ Tuesday Only. Another bargain <f
-- „  Curtain or quick buyers— *
Tuesday Only. We offer the unex- „ _ m _ m more of those man- "9
Sale Of re!l - d Potiwot EttaS &ate. _fact_Ters' end. ot *
«, 4- mm Sheeting, unbletch- curtains on sale to-day, only 500 in the *
<&>nCCtintJ. Ed, 49 inches wide, lot, 2 yards long, in all widths and *,
suitable for single led sheets, pi low qualities, suitable for sash curtains,
cases, and general use, at 20 per cent: smgle windows and low wiidows — the <•
less than present mill price — on special j special prices are, each. ■#
sale for this day only, per yard 9c ........15c, 20c, 25c, 30c, *
I 35c, 4-Oc, 4oc and 50 J
i , v
Tuesday Only. We offer the ree- Tuesday Ony. A dru? department spe- *
F_f%_f%i_BfS_tn ord-breaker cial for to-day only is _*
rOOISCap Foo , gcap aper | IO"&* an extra fi Qe quality of J
Paper, &G. the kind most in SOap. Toilet Soap, hard milled, £
demand, regular y loc per gui c, at the highly p^rfumad, packed in b)X33 of ,_■
very special price to-day, 24 sheets j three cakes, regularly 253 a b>x— specia' v "
for 8C tc-day, per box ....J... Mo *
fb4444«444444444444 44*44444444444 4444444444*^
DR. HUTSINPILLAR
REACHES THIS CITY
CENTRAL M. E. CHURCH'S NEW
PASTOR ARRIVES.
Escorted to This City by Rolla V.
Watt and Captain Ewing—
ception in His Honor
To-Night.
Rev. S. D. Hutslnpillar of Columbus,
Ohio, the new pastor of the Central' Met
hodist Episcopal Church, arrived in this
city on the overland last night and is now
staying at the residence of Rolla V. Watt, j
corner Haight and Baker streets. He was I
met at Sacramento by Mr. Watt and Cap
tain E. E. Ewing, who acted as his escort
to his new field of labors.
The doctor was accompanied by his
wife. He was a little fatigued after his
long journey and retired shortly after
reaching his temporary abiding place. To
night he will be tendered a reception by
hls congregation in the parlors of the
C. M. E. Church on Mission street, near
Sixth. An excellent programme has been
arranged for the occasion in his honor. ' It
Is understood that he will deliver a short
speech to his new friends. On Wednes
day evening he will lead the prayer meet
ing and on Sunday morning next he will
deliver his initial sermon. He will also
speak in the evening. <y- .-"•" -
At the conference just closed Bishop
Ninde appointed Dr. Hutsinpillar to the
Central M. E. Church. The minister
comes to this coast in th.» prime of life,
being about 40 years of age. He has had
a very successful career, occupying the
largest churches in Ohio. He is a grad
uate of the Ohio Wesleyan University.
For the past twelve months Dr. Hutsin
pillar has been traveling in Europe. On
his return to this country he received
many calls from Eastern churches, but
believing there was a good field on this
coast he accepted a call from the Central '
M. E. Church. He will prove beyond a
doubt a strong accession to the minis
terial force of this city. ■ ■■
■ ♦ ■
STEVEDORE KILLED
Harry Thurgesen Fell - Thirty Feet
Into the Hold of a Ship. Wi
Harry Thurgesen, a stevedore residing
on Minna street, near Third, fell thirty
feet into the hold of the British ship Cas
tle Rock yesterday afternoon and died
soon afterward at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital. The vessel was lying off the
Green street wharf and Thurgesen was
engaged in lowering freight into the hold.
In some manner he lost his balance ana
.was plunged thirty feet downward, land
ing on a heap of coal. When picked up
it was found that the man was uncon
scious. He was taken to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, where the surgeons
found that his skull had been fractured,
The physicians worked hard to save the
stevedore's life, but he died within .an
hour after the accident. He was 33 years
of age. single and had many friends along
the water front. The body was taken
to the Morgue, where an inquest will be
held. y v ;-
» ♦ ■
Youths' Directory Fair.
The attendance at the Youths' Directory
Fair last evening, marking the beginning
of the closing week, was very large, prin
cipal interest being centered in the com
petition for the valuable medal presented
by Professor Hoover for- the best exhi
bition In physical culture. Owing to the
large number of competitors the decision
will not be given until Friday evening.
The Olympic Club will be represented this
evening in the entertainment. Professors
Tr'onchet, L. W. Van Court, W. Smith and
Leandro will act as masters of cere
monies. The Olympic Club exhibition will
include boxing, fencing and calisthenlc
exercises. All members of the club are
invited to be present. To-night also the
drama of "Touched Up" will be given at
Native Sons Hall for the benefit of the
Youths' Directory. Dinner will be served
at the Armory Hall dally from 11 to 2
while the fair continues.
56
l& Hi? yt s"
TUESDAY OCTOBER 17. 1599
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,
Address AH Communications to^-f^J^^J^^^.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*. S. F
Teltptcne Mam 13SS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS - " -=> 221 Stev«r.K>n Str««t
Telephone Mala IST4.
CEL.rVTrP.ED BT CARRIERS. 13 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Efiißte Cople#. 5 cents.
Terrrs' by Mali, I^c'.uilr.s Prstice:
DAILT CALL (tadndlag Banflay Cain, cae rear f6.' v »
Pailt call (tacloOlsc Sunday C«:i>. c months V.. "I
r.MLT CALL C.r.c'.'zi'.r.g Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1-30
DAILT CALL-By Eir^'.e Month ,i "°
trXDAT CALL One i v - 1 -'"
VEKSLT CALL Or.c Tear 1 -°°
All p?Etc~as-.ers «r» axttbatisad to rece'v.- artfbecrtptlo&S.
Stop:* coplei srfll be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90. Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Mar<j'J?tt» Building.
Chicago.
NEW YGRK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS .JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bbennaa House; P. 0. Newa Co.; Great XocOwra _-H*l
frenioat Hcuse; Auiiitcrinm Hrte!.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
VTaliTif-Aet-Tla. Hcte". A. Breaujio. „ '7a:ta Eqsxrai
Knmr, k::i Hc.ei.
WASHING t>. C. OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correapond;nt.
BRANCH OFFICES— EST Y.c-toe-r-.ery street corner Cl=y.
cpen until 9:JO o'clock. 203 H.cyes street cpen until
£50 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open uot" $'23
Cclcc'k. 6!5 LcrVin street ■ cpen urjtll 9:30 o'clock.
:CAI Mission street, open uotll !0 c^ock- 22C Market
street.. corner Sixteenth, per until 9 o'clock- it?9#
Valencia street cpen until 9 oclocK- 7-6 Eleventh
street cpen uotll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty
. »e:-ria and Ker.tucky street*, cpen until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
rciurr'h.'a— "Hcte* Tcusy Turvy."
Callfcm'.a— "Mscia." -
Orpfce*;^— "Vaudeville."
Alcazar— "The Masked Ball."
Grand Opera K;use — "Nan&a."
Chut»s„ _o_>. n__2. Ti.ei - .er— Vaudeville every aftemjcn and
even:r.£.
Olycipia. "-rr.er Masir. ar.d Ellis streets— Specialtiea.
Central Park —Steeplechase and performances.
Oakiarj P.ac-tra.~k— Races •..--day.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watkir.j &. Co.— This day, ■■■: o'clcck. raaa, at
ir:: Missi a _-.t*.-.
F.v Ei'-.^. :::ir:-!re & C.— Tuesday. tober 24 at -
FIGHTING CALIFORNIA.
SAM JONES' familiar saying. "It is a hit dog
that yelps," finds many an illustration in the
anairs of life. Yesterday a new or.c was af
forded by the afternoon organ of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad.. Because The Call exposed an effort
of the company to have one of its' reliable "friends"
foisted upon the Interstate Commerce Commission
under the pretense of being a representative of Cali
fornia and the Pacific "Coast, the little organ yelps
out "The Call is fighting California."
The charge of righting California is one The Call
need not take the trouble to refute. The record of
the paper has-been one of consistent support to
every interest of the State and of its people. If there
be any fool who believes the appointment of General
Chipman or any other man equally bound to the
railroad wouid benefit California we are willing he
should regard us as a foe of the State. V.'c appeal
to intelligent pecple. We address men who have un
derstanding. We oppose the railroad's candidate for
a position on the Interstate Commerce Commission
because we know that ar.y rr.an selected by Herrin
and other railroad touts would serve the rail
road rather than the Pacific Coast; would see!-:
not to guard the rests of the public but to fasten
upon the State, ar.d as far as possible upon the coast,
the domination of the monopoly.
. It is not likely 2ny considerable number of people
will confound the South* Pacific Company with
California. Doubtless the railroad managers have so
long regarded the State as the lawful prey of the rail
road they cannot see any difference between them
and sincerely believe service to the road is service to
the State. Among the people a different idea prevails.
The whole course of the Southern Pacific Company
shows that its objects are directly hostile to the pub
lic welfare. The man whom Huntington would
recommend as £ member of the Interstate Commerce
Commission is the man whom the people will have
most reason to distrust. No man can serve both
God and mammon, neither can any serve both Cali
fornia and the Southern Pacific.
The Call was prompt to commend a movement on
the part of the Traffic Association to obtain a Pacific
Coast representative" on the Commerce Commission.
It will continue to support that movement until the
desired end is attained, but by a representative of the
coast it does not mean an agent or an attorney of the
railroad. It stands guard against just such a con
tingency, and the effectiveness of the guard is proven
by the yelp that has followed the first stone it threw
a: the railroad candidate.
Grove Ayers can consider himself the luckiest man
in town. It is true, as a result of the fire that broke
out on his person last Sunday, that he will have to
wear a wig on his wishbone, but he can congratulate
himself Shal he escaped alive, in spite of the fact that
his fire insurance policy had run out the day before.
The record of having expended in the fifty years
of its work in California more than $6,000,000 for
charity and mutual help is one. the Odd Fellows of
the State may well be proud of. and the State is
proud of them. Such liberality of aid attests a fra
ternalism of the rig - kind.
Will wonders never cease? On top of the infor
mation that there is a project under way to erect in
Gotham a half-million dollar hotel exclusively for
women comes the statement that up to date the pro
posed location of the hostelry has been kept a
We can now have another great international con»
test with our British friends by starting a rivalry to
see whether Otis can whip the Filipinos before Buller
whips the Boers. A forward march of both the con
testants would beat the yacht race.
-. - -
G. W. Lanorette, who has been traveling with the
Main circus as the "Starved Cuban." died suddenly
at Merced! It is supposed his taking off was the re
sult of apoplexy induced by over-eating.
Wishing to divorce himself from the cares of busi
ness for a few weeks, it is appropriate that President
McKinley should pass some of that time in South
Dakota. V ■
WATER STORAGE.
THE Escondido Times, which " "■>• be regarded
as the California organ of the National Irriga
tion Congress, says of the coming water stor
; age convention in this city: "This movement appears
' to have been conceived in error and bom of ignor
-1 ance of the real needs of California and the irrigation
situation in the West."
We believe that the real need of California and the
irrigation situation in tlte West is a need of more
v.-3ter for irrigation, and that it be had as quickly as
possible.
The Times favors an irrigation system unfiertaken
and carried out and administered by the Federal
Government at the expense of the national treasury.
This scheme has its origin in the Territories, where
the people are accustomed to pray toward Washing
ton for what they want
In the recent session of the National Irrigation
Ccnsrress at Missoula, in Montana, ex-Governor Mc-
Cord of Arizona was selected to state this Territorial
aspiration. He is reported in the Times to this ef
fect: "State ownership he opposed as being liable
to bring about great abuses. He advocated eloquently
and warmly a national system of irrigation as the
most reasonable and logical of a:: systems. The edu
cation of the people of the East is the first thing to
be accomplished. They must be brought to under
stand the real significance of this reclamation of a
vast empire of measureless possibilities." No one in
California has any objection to this missionary move
ment to convince the Eastern land-owners that the
Western lands should be improved at their expense to
become their competitors. It is an altruistic age. and
the Eastern grain-raiser, who often sells his crop at
less than the cost of production, may be educated up
to the point of enlarging the mortgage on his land to
pay for a national irrigation system which will in
crease the product of the Western grain-raiser. Cali
fornia has no objection to such a test of rural unself
ishness. Bnt while this educational movement is in
progress the f.cod waters of this State are running to
waste nd the land they should irrigate lies untilled
and fruitless. The gentlemen who have called the
coming convention in .... and ignorance" are
of the opinion that if we wait for the East to be edu-'
ted up to doing something for us, in the time re
quired to do it California will have lost enough to
have constructed several times over the needed reser
voirs for storage. It is a simple economic question.
Having the power to save this waste water and make
fruitful this waste land, and make California the one
spot or. earth that suffers no loss from flood or
droueht, shall we use that power for our own bine
-
fit or wait for somebody to do it for us?
The situation of this State is peculiar. The other
States and Territories this side the one hundredth
meridian, which need irrigation, have certain inter
state problems which they cannot settle for them
selves. Streams head in one ..... flow
through one or more other jurisdictions. This is the
case with the Arkansas, Xorth Platte, Snake. Colo
rado, Bear, Yellowstone, Columbia. Rio Grande and
ether streams.- which carry the drainage and water
the land of more than one State. The several inter
ests involved, and in the case of the Rio Grande they
are international as well as .-■ are irreconcil
able by single State action. They of necessity im
pinge upon Federal authority, which must take the
seat of judgment at some stage of the' issues arising
in the use of their floods or their normal flow. In
California this is not the case. Our flood waters are
poured from the clouds on our own fountains; they
drain back to their source in the ocean through our
streams. The harm they do is to us. Their potential
good is for us, and when we take it no one is de
spoiled. It is the opinion of Governor JvlcCord that
a State effort will be subject to many abuses. When
was Federal effort free from them? When was any
Government effort insured against abuses? The State
of Xew York owns a canal system. It made Xew
York City the business and financial center cf the
...... its administration has never been free
from abuses. The Federal Government carries tHe
mails, but that .function has never been free from
abuses, as -the Star route frauds stand to testify.
After the Eastern farmer has been educated up to
spending his money to make the Western farmer'-s
land fertile, and the Federal Government acts as his
almoner, there will be abuses, but they will not con
cern the present generation of men, for they will be
buried in soil so dry- ... will nullify the hope of
resurrection, for it won't raise anything.
The Times fears that if California help herself the
West will be weakened and its missionary effort will
wane. This -is an unjustifiable fear. The members of
Congress from this State ".vill not hold back in urg
ing any Federal irrigation policy that will help our
neighbors. We do not say that such policy is
"conceived in error and born in ignorance," for
hard words irrigate no land. We will mit that, like
faith, it is the evidence of things unseen, the sub
stance of things hoped for.
But California need "not wait for those things to
come. She can gird her loins and go out and fetch
them That is what the convention of Xovember 14
is for, and to its deliberations the disciples of Fed
eral irrigation by missionary effort are invited.
Aguinaldo is posing as the Lucius Junius Brutus of
his race. His brother Baldomero is imprisoned at
Filipino headquarter^ and will soon be shot for trea
son, his offense having consisted of the embezzlement
of moneys from the insurgent treasury. Aguinaldo de
clares that he will not interfere to prevent the execu
tion of sentence. *
THE PROBLEMS OF THE MINERS.
rROM every point of view it is gratifying that
efforts have been put forth to make the annual
mining convention in San Francisco this year
something more than a State assembly. The
problems of Western miners are many, and as most
of them are as important to one Western or Pacific
Coast State or Territory as to another, it is desirable
they be discussed by representative men from
all sections of the Greater West so that there may be
unify of action in carrying out any line of policy that
may be deemed advisable.
Among the larger issues to be dealt with by the
convention are the revision and codification of Fed
eral mining laws, the conservation of water, "the pro
curement of appropriations from the Federal Govern
ment for the construction of restraining -dams, and
the promotion of the movement begun some time
ago to bring about the creation by the National Gov
ernment of a department of mines and mining, to be
under the direction and control of an official of Cab
inet ink.
Such issues affect the whole of the Greater West,
] and it is desirable they be considered as broad na
; tional problems rather than as local questions. The
j efforts made to procure a general representation of
1 other mining States and Territories have met with
; good success. It has been announced that the Gov
; ernors of Colorado. Xew Mexico, Idaho and Wash
i iugton had last week reported the appointment of ten
j delegates each, and all the other Western Governors
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOJBER 17, 1899.
] will undoubtedly respond in time. Each executive
I was asked to name representative men who would
\ really attend the convention, and it is hoped there
1 will be many delegates from other States who will
I Jeter be active at home in promoting the policies
j agreed upon.
The time is propitious for the mining States of the
j West to act with success in promoting the measures
| necessary to their interests. Public pinion has now
I been fully awakened to the importance of the
j problem of conserving the water supply and of pro
jecting the streams and the valleys by the construc
| tion of impounding dams. So also much has been
done to form a sentiment in favor of a revision of the
| mining laws and of establishing a department of the
j Government to administer the affairs of the vast in
dustry of mining.
'The war in the Transvaal is going to turn in this
direction the attention of mining capitalists seeking
investments. Whether they invest or not will be
largely determined by the legislation and other con
ditions under which mining is carried on in this
countiy-. It is timely, therefore, to remedy a.! abuses
that may exist in the laws and to give such assistance
as is expedient to promote the mining enterprises cf
the nation. A convention^ representing the great
mining States of the Union can do much to ac
complish these desired ends, and for that reason the
approaching gathering in this city will be noted with
more than ordinary interest throughout the whoie re
gion west of the Missouri.
T. on Satur
day evening to ratify the Republican mu
nicipal ticket was a conspicuous success
and an incident of great significance. The
sound and temperate address of Hon. Horace
Davis was a keynote from its opening salute
to its -st word. It supplied, from a source
of unquestioned integrity, _ group of facts that had
been obscured by the intemperate utterances of Mr.
! Pheian and his supporters. The new charter, from
I its inception to its ratification by the Legislature,
! continually depended upon Republican favor, in
.l fiuence and votes for its installation as the organic
i law -of the city. It would have been beaten i.: the
i polls except for the votes given to it in Republican
j strongholds. It was adopted by a Republican Legis
lature, wherein the right of home rule was recog
; nized. The new primary law, which Mr. Pheian says
j was a necessary adjunct of the charter, was intro
! duced by a Republican Senator and passed by a Re
! publican Legislature. The Republican party having
| done its full share in securing reform in the funda-
I mental law of San Francisco, having become re
! sponsible therefor by Republican votes without which
< the opposition in Democratic strongholds would have
j beaten it, and having accepted final responsibility
| for it in a Republican Legislature,- is now denounced
j by Mr. Phelan as not to be trusted to organize the
(government which is to issue from it)
Saturday night's meeting distinctly repudiated this
I assumption and was the party's declaration that the
I law it made it intends to administer. Having the
I votes, and being represented by a ticket which com
mands ... confidence of every* independent voter in
the city, and that has the enthusiastic support of
every Republican who feels the impulse of his civic
responsibility, the Republican party appeals with con-
I fidence to the conscience of every well-wisher of the
ary.
The speech of Hon. Horace Davis was the utter
j ance of a man who appreciates the solemn responsi
i bility of public authority, and who approaches its
assumption with no ambition other than its faithful
administration. Xo longing for the dress parade,
common to men who make spectacular use of one
position that it may be a stepping-stone to another, is
found in his address. It is the speech of a business
man who knows keenly the relation between good
j government and the prosperity af the people.
As a business man he. believes that a municipal
corporation is a business organization, to be run on
business principles. Its officers are chosen by a ma
jority of its . ... directors and agents, to
manage its affairs. As a majority of the voters in
this city are unquestionably in favor of the ideas and
policy of Mr. Davis, it would be an act of folly to
elect Mr. Phelan, who does not represent either the
politics or the municipal policy of that majority.
GENERAL BULLER. after his appointment as
commander in chief of the British forces in
South Africa, went according to custom to take
official leave of his sovereign, .nd when her Majesty
impressed upon him her dislike of war and her desire
for its speedy termination, he is reported to have at
tempted to reassure her by saying, "The war wiil be
troublesome but not dangerous."
Allowance is to be made for the circumstances
under which the general spoke. -He could hardly
have said anything else to a man and a Queen ab
horrent of war and eager for a return of peace. It is
quite probable, however, the general really meant
what he said. Despite the disastrous experiences of
Majuba Hill and other conflicts with the Boers, there
is a strong belief among the British that the success
of the '■■■■ 7- in those engagements was due more to
bad management on the part of the British com
manders than to any extraordinary excellence of the
Boers themselves. Predictions have been made in
London that the war will be ended within three
months after the British forces are ready to take the
aggressive.
Men who have lived in South Africa, however, take
a different view. For example, Tames Say, ex-chair
man of the Rand Stock Exchange, is quoted by a
London paper as having said just before the Outbreak
of hostilities: "Great Britain, if she goes to war. will
begin the worst day's work for herself in her history.
South Africa would ttirn the country- into a hell for
years to come. Every Boer is ready to fight, and the
women are fiercer than the men. If the Boers are
once defeated Johannesburg will be razed and the
gold mines destroyed. It will cost Britain $75,000,000
for new machinery alone. Miiner's has been a sad,
mad policy."
A race of men and women of. that character, oc
cupying a large and sparsely settled country compara
i tively inaccessible, can prolong a war almost indef
initely and make it costly and dangerous for an in
j vading foe. no matter how much stronger the foe
! may be in numbers, discipline and military stores.
The Boers, accustomed to border warfare, will not
j rush in fanatic folly to slaughter as did the dervishes
Jat Omdurman. They will resort to even.- strategy
I their skill can devise and make full use of every ad
j vantage the wild nature of their country affords. Vic
j toria is growing old and she may not live to see the
end of the conflict her general so jauntily told her
would be "troublesome but not dangerous."
It is said that the plans of W. K_ Vanderbilt's new
house at Oakdale. L. 1., have been copyrighted. 'The
j supposition is that the millionaire wishes to conceal
j from a curious public the exact location of the closet
I intended as a hiding-place for the family skeletons.
THE TICKET RATIFIED.
BOERS AS FIGHTERS.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE WATERS OF OUR STATE.
Here ! s the Opinion of a Man Who Has Spent Forty-Four
Years Studying the Problem.
EDITOR THE CALL: In your issue of September.3o you have a very excellent
article on "Trade and Irrigation." in which you Indorse The proposition
to invoke the aid of the State govern tto impound the flood water _ and
thereby irrigate every available acre and bring It into action. I have
spent the best years of my life In the endeavor to do this same thing, hav
ing commenced to write on It as early as USS, and to make surveys at raj .own ex
pense as early as 1554, and have taken an active part In every phase, of the qt.ies
tion since then, but I have learned something, and one of the most important
things 1 have learned is that the habits and practices of a people cannot o<=
changed in a day. and that all things are subject to the slow processes ox v kj-
LUTION. Did you know that as a fact. If you should fix every f * m ,?,„_."
fornia for the water and put it at the highest point on the land, with noin, ™
do but to open a gate, aad let the water run. there would not be one in _ xt a m
the present farming population who would use it and that not one acre (in a
hundred would be watered? Did you know as a fact that there Is: now on *■
infinitesimal portion of the available water used for irrigation? The gen., em en
who are forming the society for the purpose of promoting the storage oi £»"«£
by the State mean well, but they are putting the cart a long ways ahead .me
horse; they have not been through the mill. They are good, earnest men, ano . -i
their efforts were turned in the proper channel they might do some Keoa.
Looking over the list it seems that most of them are good business men, ana i ii
either one of them owned a large tract of land that needed irrigation he wouia not
build expensive reservoirs before ie had utilized the one-hundredth part or tne
water available without the expense. If you should ask anyone of thes ?f *"" J™*;"
if he would not utilize the available water first he would tell you unhesitating^
that he would. Then If he had tenants who would not use what was running
by their doors would he insist on spending a whole lot of money to S et ™ O J.® Vi r
them? If he would not, then why ask the State to spend the money for reser
voirs until her people learn to use what tney have? I have been consiaerea a
crank on irrigation for the last forty years, and am just as enthusiastic on in
subject as ever, and would not for my right hand throw cold water on an. ™o\e
that might lead up to good results, but there are some earnest men in tnis move
who wish to do good to the State, md who do not want to inaugurate a mo\e I,jr
the mere purpose of giving some one a chance to talk.
Look at the Sacramento Valley with the great river running through it.
Look at the c-rec-ks and rivers running into it on both sides! Enough to irrigate
every acre of its five thousand square miles of magnificent land! How much or it
is used? Not twenty-five square miles is irrigated. Go on up the ban Joaquin
Valley and what portion of the watecs of the Cosumne, the Mokelumne, the Ca.a
veras, the Stanislaus, the Tuolumne, the Merced, the San Joaquin, the Kings, tne
Kern and numerous other streams heading in the eteraal snows of the Sierras are
utilized? Do the waters of these streams serve one acre in fifty that they ought
to serve? There is some attempt to use some of the waters of the Kings and
Kern rivers, but owing to the utter lack of laws for the proper distribution of
the water nothing like the full capacity is reached. Now if all this land be
longed to any one of the business men who are talking about forming a society for
the purpose "of getting the State to build reservoirs, and all the people were ten
ants, don't you think he would teil them to make a beginning on the water run
ning to waste past their doors before he would undertake to spend millions of
money in reservoirs?
When we get across the ridge into "Southern California" we find but little
land fit to cultivate and but little water. The people were forced to begin to
use it, and as they could not take any pride in advertising "fruit grown
without irrigation," the process of evolution had to take faster steps
tban up porth and they are ready for that system of reservoirs— that is if
they can find any water with which to fill them! They have not felt down
there so much the want of a law for the distribution of the water as they have
up north, because the water was nearly all developed water, or water In streams
so small that it made distribution comparatively easy. Just what might be done
with reservoirs there I am not prepared to say. but I believe not much in com
parison to the cost. Better let people get on to land that can be Irrigated without
so much cost. When we have made available all the water that may be picked
up cheap, the State will have a rural population of two or three millions, and.
the reservoirs will then come. ». J•;
What we most need is some proper law for the distribution of water that will
be sustained by the people and the courts.
We first had the riparian contest, and that was followed by the district law.
The district law may not be perfect in all Its details, but it is correct in prin
ciple, and there can be no thorough distribution of water without bringing into
operation the essential principles of the law. For the mere verbiage I am will
ing to "let fools contest." It is now fashionable to rail against the district law,
but suppose we had a reservoir in every canyon in the mountains, how would
the people get it without a law regulating distribution, and in that law every
land-owner must have equal rights and every one be made to pay; all the rest
is detail. •
The discussions at the several irrigation conventions beginning about 1??4; the
fight over the district bill introduced in 1285 and the discussions that naturally
followed brought about a furor in favor of irrigation, and when a district law
did pass in ISST there was a rush in the formation of districts. Some were
formed in the southern part of the State on worthless land for the sole pur
pose of selling bonds, and in some cases bad judgment was shown, and in none
was there unanimity. These all put bonds on the market. Briefless lawyers
found in the dissensions a chance to make fees, and what were called the "kick
ers" were encouraged to begin suits. Boon a "Protective League" was formed
that fought all districts and all bonds. As no paper can be sold under fire the
work all along had to stop. The Turlock district in Stanislaus County, under the
general direction of Judge James A. Waymire, did pull along, and under fire for
ten years did get water. t ;
Columns of detail might be brought forward to show that the district sys
tem did not have a fair test, but It ls simply the desire now to call the attention
of the gentlemen who propose to form a storage society to the fact that the great
matter In hand is DISTRIBUTION! W. S. GREEN.
Colusa, October 16, 1899
VOICE OF THE PRESS.
That Damaging Bryan Letter.
Ukiah Republican Press.
The San Francisco Call publishes whr.t purrorts to be a fac simile of a let
ter written June 11, :■■_>, by William J. Bryan to J. Sterling Morton, both men
being residents of Nebraska. Mr. Bryan was at that time a candidate for
secretary of the Railroad Commission of his State. He is accused of writing
to Mr. Morton, "1 assure you that it is the monay that is in the office and net
the nor that attracts me." The letter appears to be genuine in every respect
and Mr. Morton, who is said to have receive 1 it, was Secretary of Agricultute
under President Cleveland, lt is a very remarkable declaration to com* from
a man who has received the consideration that has been shown Mr. Bryan
The Call gives the letter all possible prominence and vouches for its authen
ticity.
Examiner's Faked Interviews.
Stockton Independent.
The Examiner published a Hot of alleged Interviews with officers of the
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers criticising General Otis and in the next day's
Chronicle all the officers repudiated tie statements of the Examiner. Some of
them decared that they had not talked with a reporter at all and others de
clared the published interviews pure fakes. In one instance the alleged portrait
of the officer was published and that proved to be a fake, was not his picture
at all and he had rot even talked with the reporter. General Funston was to
dignant at the misrepresentations of him and repudiated the alleged inter
view as a whole. . This merely illustrates the methods to which the Examiner
stoops in carrying out its spites. It cannot be believed In the commonest mat
ters. Its reporters cannot be believed because they have strings on them. Why
should It not require a Government license to practice wholesale lying? Ab
solute prohibition of falsehood would be too severe on the yellow journals. It
would amount to virtual confiscation of some valuable properties. But a tax
of two bits a line on self-evident lying would yield a larger revenue in San
Francisco than the levy of the Supervisors.
Examiner i-tist Change Its Methods.
Auburn Republican-Argus.
The Call is as proud of the "wireless telegraphy" as a boy over hi* first tin
whistle. Of course, if Marconi has tiken a step in advance of the wire' and
The Call-Herald is in on the combination it is a matter of good luck and— dollars.
Their bulletins of the yacht race were certainly considerably ahead of their co
tema We won't undertake to explain It, as we have never seen a satisfactory
explanation yet. If without interruption matters of interest can be sent acro*s
the continent with hardly a perceptible loss of time It is worthy of" note and
this The Call claims for this latest development in electrical science Mar
coni, the inventor, is not to be taken to task because his name has maca-oni
flavor about it and the Examiner will be compelled to adopt other methods
than simply slurring his name. • *
The Marconi System.
Springfield Leader-Democrat.
It would seem that the crowning event of the nineteenth century along »he
lines of scientific discovery is to be that of the Marconi system of wireless
telegraphy. The best illustration of its utility as well as its practicability has
been given by the inventor in reporting the international yacht races beWeen
the Columbia- and the Shamrock. Edison, the electrical wizard has been ex
perimenting for years to accomplish the same result and pays a manly tributa
to Signof Marconi in saying, "He? succeeded where I failed." "
Future of Wireless Telegraphy.
San Diego Union. .
Wireless telegraphy showed its possibilities at New York the other day
when it was able to send from the ocean a denial of the cruel rumor that the
steamer Grand Republic had sunk with all on board. The incident *U£ree<ts
the thought that the time is not far distant when every ocean «teame ; will
have a wireless telegraph connection with the 'and and thus be able to commu
nicate at a': hours the vessel's exact position. There seems no limit to tr7«
achievements of invention in these times. " ._""»
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TRANSPORTS — A. O. S.. City. The
United States Government has chartered
British vessels as transports for troops to
the Philippine Islands.
THE DRUM MAJOR-B. T. City. The
Third United States Artillery band is lo
cated on Angel Island. The name of the
drum major is Arndt.
GOVERNMENT LAND— W. W. T.,
Niles, Cal. For Information about Gov
ernment land apply at the United States
Land Office. San Francisco, in person or
by letter. , ■
PATDATS— S., City,. All the State insti
tutions of California have regular pay
days and do not pay at other times, par
ticularly salaries to employes. If dis
charged between paydays, the party so
discharged must wait until the next pay
day. - *
SPOKEN ENGLISH— S. A., City. If a
person was asked "Is that Jack Smith?"
and the Individual spoken to was in the
habit of speaking English as it Is spoken
by Mose Gunst bla reply would be "That's
him," but if he was. in the habit of ex
pressing himself in ordinary English his
reply would be "That is he."
AUTOMOBlLE— Subscriber. City. Ac
cording to the Century dictionary auto
mobile is pronounced as if written a-to
mo-bil. In that the a is to be soundeJ as
au in naught, the o in to as 6 in Democrat
and the i in the last syllable as short and
the accent on the penult. Those who pre
fer to adopt the French pronunciation
pronounce it as if written "o-toe-mow
beel."
STRIPES -B. T.. City. The stripes
placed diagonally across the cuff of a
soldier's coat in the United States army
represent enlistment;; two stripes, two
enlistments. When the «'ri-v» «<= **—*
with red it indicates enlistment }or2£r
The gold stripe that Is worn by m a jf m
Se l^ V s e cg|t b] °_ U£eS on
MARRIAGE - Curtis. Lompoc, Oti
There is no law to prohibit the announce
ment of marriage licenses issued If""
desire to secure a license and do not de
sire to give the exact age of the intended
bride, you can make oath that she fail
years and over if she be more Jl,; «
The law requires thatlt :^appearVat
the parties applying for the licence are of
S a ffi a |SS. e „. a,^^f a f »4 *£
FIRST COUSINS-U.. North Berkeley.
Cal. Marriage between first cousins is
not prohibited by law la the Stat- of Cal
ifornia, but is in Arizona. Arkansas. 11l -
Nevkda New Hampshire, North
of first cousins is wrong, for the TAut £?
such unions is invariably children that
are not perfect. cuuarea tnat
VALVE OF COlNS^Subscrlber. City. A
$5 piece of 1534. if It has on the reverse
the legend "E Plurlbus Unum," com
mands a premium from dealers of from $1
to $2 but if you want to buy one you will
be charged from $12 to SIS. if the coin has
not got the legend it does not command a
premium. A quarter of ISSS does not com
ma ?5., a premium, nor does a half-dollar
« Jt*^ Unless it is one without arrows
at the date or rays around the eagle. A
naif without such arrows or rays com
mands a premium of from $19 GO to $24 50.
THE MORMON TEMPLE-S.. City. The
great Mormon temple in Salt Lake City,
which occupied forty years in building.
was dedicated April 6. UN. The building
proper Is 167*5 feet high, with one tower
222'- feet high and the other 219 feet. The
building is 186H feet long by 99 wide. It
is built of granite, almost white and .tit
cost has been variously estimated at from
$6.tX>i'.C«K> to J12.0C10.000. It was built from
plans drawn by Truman O. Angela a Mc r
mon, and it is said that as an architectual
design it is not duplicated by anything
ancient or modern.
PASSPORT— J. G. S., City. In the
United States passports are issued or.ly
to citizens thereof. Persons who hav<.
only made a declaration to become citi
zens are not entitled to passports. One
passport is all that is required to travel
all over Europe. Application for bl ant
forms for one who desires to apply for a
passport must be sent to the Depa rimers
of State, oassport division, V\ ashington.
D. '".. and th*- forms will be sent. Th"
party must state if native or naturalized
or claims naturalization through husband
or father. The fee is fl.
THE GAME OF PEDRO-Several in
quirers, City and Country. One question
is: "Four-handed game of Fedro (draw>.
A lid and bought. One of the players
discards -pedro of trumps and six of
trumps. B picked them up. A claims
that the points should go to the pitcher
and that B had no right to pick them up
Is that correct?" Answer— There is no
discard in pedro. In draw pedro, that is
probably what the inquirer means,, when
a player discards, the discard should ne
turned face up, and before giving tbe
player a draw, the dealer should see that
the player has not discarded, any point
trump. Should point trumps be dis
carded, the player is compelled to taKe
them back. After a lead has been mad*:-.
however, it is too late to take action.
"In playing draw pedt (two players),
each has one to go. A bids 7: B sells.
Trumps, clubs. A ha? high. low. p^dro.
game B has Jack. Which goes out
first?" Answer — A has S points h* is
not set back. He scores high, which
counts first, and consequently he _tom out
first.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
William M Spencer, an oil speculator of
Selma. is at the Lick.
Miss Ida Wiiheim has returned to her
home In Grass Valley.
A. B. Smith, a leading merchant of
Fresno, is a guest at the Grand.
C. G. Wilcox, a well-known oil man of
Visalia. is a guest at the Occidental.
E. W. McLaughlin, the San Jose capi
talist. Is at the Occidental for a few days.
John Campbell, the Honolulu capitalist,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
family.
A. H. Denny, a well-known land owner
of Etna, is one of* the late arrivals at the
Occidental. *
John E. Budd. the Stcckton attorney, i 3
a guest at the Lick, where he arrived
yesterday.
G. W. Huddleson. a silk merchant of
London, is at the Palace, on his way to
the Orient.
William Graham, a mining expert of
New York, is among the recent arrivals
at the Palace.
A. B. Carlock. a wealthy banker of Fort
Jones, is at the Grand on a short business
trip to this city.
E. L. Barkers, a well-known business
man of Oakdale, is an arrival of yester
day at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. William Mead, two prom
inent society people of Los Angeles, are
registered at the Occidental.
E. E. Bush. D. R. Cameron and J. W.
Barbour are three oil men of Hanford
who are staying at the Lick.
Charles Wright, a capitalist of Detroit.
Mich., who is on the coast traveling for
pleasure, is a guest at the Palace,
Henry T. Scott will be in Washington.
D. C, on November 1, the time appointed
for opening bids for the construction of
six protected cruisers. • *
Lewis R. Mead, secretary of the Risdon
Iron and Locomotive 'Works, returned
last evening from a business and pleasure
trip throughout the East.
Charles Hardy of Nottinghamshire,
England; T. J. Bourne of London,
Thomas Davie of Scotland and Dr. E. A.
Scott of Dublin are a party of British
subjects who are registered at the Palace.
They are greatly interested in mining
and" have been touring the country in
pursuit of information pertaining to min
erals. •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Oct. 15.— James W. Byrne,
Mrs. M. Irvine, of Baa Francisco, and Dr.
R. W. Hill of Los Angeles are at the
Fifth Avenue; William H. Taylor of San
Francisco is a: the Manhattan.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— Henry L.
Freeman and wife of San Francisco ara
at the Wellington.
CaL glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'*. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's>. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IM2. • * .
Yesterdj.y : s Insolvent.
Walter Lounsberry Wallace. saloon
clerk, Emeryville. Alameda County, lia
bilities, $1373; assets. $342 50.
i The Rock Island Wall Map cf ths
United States
lls the best "-- to the public. It Is very
j large and specially adapted to school pur
j poses. Every teacher of gecgraphy and every
j business office should have one. It will be sent
t post paid to any address on receipt of fifteen
! cents in pasta stamps or coins. Address Joha
! Sebastian. G. P. A.. Chicago. 111.
I The Rpck Island Playing Cards are the stick
j est you ever handled. One pack will be sent
] by mail on receipt of 15 cents in stamp*.- A
; money order cr draft for 69 cents or ssme in
j stamps will secure * packs, and tliey will be
sent by express, charges prepaid. Addres*
. John Sebastian. G. P. A., C. R. I. & P..
Chicago.
•The best appetizer and regulator of the di
restive organs *.s Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bit
ters. Try it. Be sure to get the genuine.
Suit on Irrigation _>onds.
George Parker brought suit in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday
against the Browns Valley Irrigation Dis
trict to recover $*447 on Irrigation bonds
and coupons issued March 7. IS?7. He
also asked for the interest on the same.
Browns Valley is in Tuba County and
Mr. Parker is a British subject.
ADVERTISEIMENTS.
THE
PEERLESS
OIL
COMPANY
Offers 5000 shares of Its stock at
$1 per share.
Capital stock ...IMAM shares.
Par Value ....$lO 03 per share.
This company's property consists
of 15> acres of patented hind irv the
very center of the famous
Kern River District,
Midway between the ELWOOD
WELL and the TIBBETTS WELL
(both producers}. and it is sur-
rounded by wells in various stages
of development.
INVITED 33 IXVESTIGATI^' IS
A contract for sinking is about
to be let and a strike of oil may
be expected at 220 to 250 feet depth.
OFFICE-Room 47. Eighth Floor.
Mills Building'KOHLSAAT SAYS
MARPLOTS CAN'T
BEAT M 'KINLEY
Chicago Editor Talks
of Politics.
♦
PROSPERITY UNPARALLELED
— — » .
WHOLE COUNTRY FEELS EFFECT
OP ADMINISTRATION.
«
t^ose Political Friend of President
Tells of His Impressions
of the Present Sit
uation.
Herman H. Kohlsaat, proprietor of the
Chicago Times-Herald, spent yesterday
familiarizing himself with San Francisco
and extending his acquaintanceship.
Mr. Kohlsaat Is, perhaps, next to Sen
ator Hanna, the nearest persona] and
political friend of President McKinley.
Kohlsaat, In fact, entered journalism
la re ely 'for the purpose of advancing
AVilliam McKinley's political ambitions.
He had been trained to commercial life
and had grown wealthy when he became
enamored of McKinley's" personality and
political principles and purchased the
Times-Herald to boom his friend's am
bitions.
Mr. KolbJsaafs newspaper Is regarded
us the most Influential in the Republican
party in the Central West. It was Mr. I
Kolhsaat who forced the last Republican '
National Convention to Insert the word
•'gold in its platform. This he sue- |
ceeded In doing over the protest of such
a prominent personality as Mark Hanna. j
"I am merely on a tour of rest and '
recreation," said Mr. Kohlsaat to a rep
resentative of The Call yesterday. "I
am desirous of witnessing personally the
marvelous development of the Pacific ;
Coast. 1 am glad to see that the Pacific
("oast, like the Central West and the
East and the old North, is flourishing.
'J he country is undergoing an unpar- !
nheled period of prosperity. It would be
•iiillcult to find a closed factory or a
smokeless furnace anywhere between the j
Pacific and the Atlantic.
"Yes," said Mr. Kohlsaat in reply to a
question, 'I believe the policy and states
manship of McKinley has much to do with
existing prosperity. I have not a doubt of
McKinley's imination by his party
a:.d re-election by the people. I don't
think there will be any opposition to him
In the National Convention. There may j
be a few plots like Foraker and a
few disappointed otlice-seekers of an- j
other breed to Insinuate discontent, but
I feel assured that McKinley's triumph
ln the convention will be to all intents
and purposes unanimous.
"Secretly," continued Mr. Kohlsaat, I
"the conservative men of the South will
admit that while they intend to vote for j
the Democratic candidate, they hope and
believe ihat McKinley will be re-elected. :
The Southern Democrats can enjoy pros- i
perity as ell as the Northern and West
ern Republicans. 1 think and predict that
McKinley will be re-elected President by |
the largest majority ever registered in
the Electoral College.
"Free coinage is played out. There is '
nothing In it any more. The country is
even inpatient with the sound of the
words as well as with the idea. Mr. ;
Bryan still flourishes as a talker, but he j
makes no converts.
"I do not believe that McLean will be ',
elected Governor of Ohio. I have heard I
the suggestion that Foraker was secretly
in league with McLean, and I have no \
cause to doubt It . but raker cannot
mako Governors nor Presidents nor Sen- I
ators. !
"I don't think the administration ls tak
ing any special interest ln the question of
th.c vacant Senatorshlps. i have never
heard Mr. McKinley say what he thought
on the disputed question of the right of
the Governor to appoint a Senator when
the Legislature failed to elect. I don't
think the President is bothering with the
matter. He has enough of other things
that he must attend to to keep him busy."
Mr. Kohlsaat will remain here until
Thursday, and may make a tour of the
State. Since his arrival in San Francisco
he has received much social attention.
SILVER JUBILEE OF
SISTER JULIA THERESA
JOYOUS CELEBRATION AT CON
VENT OF NOTRE DAME.
Pupils and Former Graduates Honor
Their Lady Superior on the
Anniversary of Her Sis
terhood.
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the pro
fession of sisterhood by Sister Superior
Julia Theresa was celebrated yesterday
with special exercises at tlie Convent of
Notre Dame on Dolores street near Six
teenth. An elaborate programme of liter
ary and musical numbers had been care
fully prepared by the pupils, under the
supervision of the sisters, tlie religious
services of the festival having been held
on Sunday last. The pupils to the number
of 230 gathered In the convent auditorium
in the afternoon and together with their
parents and some of the former graduates
of the convent who had been specially in
vited, quite filled up the large hall. Bister
Julia Theresa personally received the
guests and after the programme was con-.
eluded delivered a brief address in which
she expressed her heartfelfthanks for the
honor that had been accorded her.
An interesting feature of the exercises
was the singing of "Joy Bells" by the ju
venile chorus, numbering seventy-five of
the smallest pupils. The "Jubilee Greet
ing," by the vocal classes was charming
ly rendered, and In fact the musical num
bers reflected great credit on both teach
ers and pupils.
A rama in three acts entitled "The Ju
bilee" followed, and all the characters
were weii sustained. The tableau and al
legorical pictures were beautiful and the
daintily gowned young ladies earned the
unstinted applause of the audience, both
because of their handsome appearance
and the histrionic ability tney displayed.
The programme in detail was as follows:
"Galcp de Concert" (Hoist). Miss M. Forbes
Miss A. Xleeberg. Mlfs D. Merle, Miss M.'
Miiler; 'Jubilee Greeting" <w;-->grand), vocal
classes; opening: address. Miss M. Lennon.
Ali^(tro and adagio— First mandolins. Miss E.
Sn*>sovlcb", Miss C. lyle: second mandolins.
Miss R. Pistole*!. Miss M. Stanley, Miss B.
Gall; third mandolins. Miss J. • Banrierrhan,
Miss P, Theallj piano accompaniment. Miss J.
Craven. Miss C. Muggier; "Joy Bells," Juve
nile chorus. - , : 7.7
"The Jubilee"— Dramatis personae: Dawn,
Miss M. Smith; Reunion. Miss G. O'Toole;
Eeienre, Miss A. Cleary; Evening, Miss M.
Lynch: NightJ Miss E. McCrystal; Sylvia. Miss
A. Barna; Esther (Queen of Persia), Miss M.
Miller; Z'»tthla. Miss E. Miller; Melchla, Miss
L.- McCarthy; Sophonia; Miss C. Kast; Roma,
Miss M. O'Neil; Rachel. ____» P. Husßon;
Athalln. Mirs T. Murphy; Edena (alias Inonia),
Miss R.. Plstolesl; Lot a (mother of Sylvia),
Miss K. Bayle; Harnph (husband of Z'elthla),
Mm G. Knight; Ep<>ng (officer In the court of
Esther), Miss X.' Bynfe; officers, ladies of the
Court, angels, eto.
During the action of the drama the fol
lowing musical and vocal' numbers were
rendered: "Fantasie Brilliants," Miss M.
Carrick and Miss <;. O'Toole; "Jthapso
3ie," Miss E. Sresovich and Miss M. Car
rick; "Laudate Pueri Domlne," Miss S.
McHugh; Misa R. Pistoles! and Miss E.
McCrystal. and grand chorus accompanied
by Miss M. Carrick.
At the conclusion of the drama Miss M.
Carrick, Miss G. .St.. John and Miss D.
M.-rle played "Paraphrase de Concert "
Jubilee wishes to Sister Theresa were ex
tended by Miss E. Banncrman, and the
Snal chorus J'Happy This Eve" was sung
oy the assemblage.
Thrown From His Wagon.
William Urea vis, a teamster, living nt
fIfJA Natoma ftreet, met with a serious
accident yesterday afternoon. lie was
driving, down the Chestnut-street hill,
when a runaway team belonging to the
Petaluma- Express Company struck hi«
Kon and he was thrown to the ground,
striking on his head. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was ;
tound that r.. was suffering from a '
possible fracture of the skull and internal I
injuries. ; _ J
ODD FELLOWS GATHER
FOR A GREAT JUBILEE
Several Days of
Festivity in San
Franciscobythe
Order.
LAST evening there was unusual ac
tivity in the Odd Fellows' building,
which was filled with visiting mem
bers of the order who during the
day had come from the interior to
be present during the jubilee celebration.
There was an informal reception which
was under the auspices of the patriarchal
branch of the order and it consisted mere
ly of Introducing the visitors to the mem
bers of the executive committee that has
charge of the festivities during the week.
Hundreds upon hundreds of members of
subordinate lodges, delegates to the Grand
Encampment and Rebekahs were made
acquainted with each other and all were
Jubilant in the thought that San Franclsco
Odd Fellows will have a Jubilee worthy of
the name and a credit to the order.
To-day the Grand Encampment will
hold its first business session and there
will be present a greater number of mem
bers of that branch of the order than
there has ever been ata any Grand En
campment. During the day the hundreds
who are coming by excursion trains from
all sections will be received at the depots
by the reception and hotel committees,
who will extend to them every courtesy to
make their stay here a pleasant one.
In the evening there will be an exempli
fication of the three degrees, the Patri
archal, Golden Rule and Royal Purple, by
picked teams before the Grand Encamp
ment In the assembly hall of the Odd Fel
lows* building. There will also be an ex
emplification of the work of the Rebekah
branch.
The Odd Fellows, the Rebekahs and the
Patriarchs Militant are coming to this
city in large numbers from all parts of
the State to take part In the grand cele
bration in commemoration of the semi
centennial of Odd Fellowship in Califor
nia.
Yesterday temporary headquarters were
opened in the assembly hall of the Odd
Fellows' building, and there were mem
bers of the reception and information
committees to extend the hand of fel- .
lowshlp to the strangers and give them
all the information possible.
During the day a force of men were
putting on the finishing touches on the
electric display on the Odd Fellows' build
ing. On the Market street front there
is on the line of the floor of the second
Story a string of colored lights in fes
toons. Above that is a Beml-clrcle In yel
' low lights, expressing the legend "IS43—
Golden Jubilee— lsW," while over that is a
THE HIGHEST OBJECT
Of the art of advertising is to correctly
Inform the public of the merits of any
article, and truthful statements always
prove most effective in time. The val-
uable reputation acquired by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co., by reason of the
excellence of the pleasant laxative rem-
edy, Syrup of Figs, which it manufac-
tures, confirms the statement which the
company freely makes, that the best,
of remedies only should be used when
required by the human system. If a
laxative remedy is required the most
gentle and effectual— of Figs
should be given the preference over the
_ £&J FRANc/ Sex *©
Rpr £r - * —. flf S M a_ El '^^^ f Sla fS fSSSI tw .^E'S^M^sSaSSbk.
~r^c3~E r w cs d ie <s Vj \Sgs@r-
AoN™B\L^NADA -^DNCy-^ISTOAUA^*
00Ki&nte.q4gfc
WJXri ITS. <oivlD f A_MfeD REMtDX
for sole by the reputable Di-us^isTs^throu^houtthe World.
PRICE SO CENTS PER BOTTLE
THE SAy FRAy CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IT, 1899.
SAN FRANCISCO'S WELCOME TO ODD FELLOWS.
shield in red, white and blue with the
word "Hope," and on each side is another
similar shield, one bearing the word
"Faith" and the other "Charity." Almost
at the top of the facade in the center
are the three links with the initials of
"Friendship Love and Truth" In lights
of three colors, and still above are the
Initials of th.* order I. O. O. F. in vari
colored lights.
At the Mechanics' Pavilion there was
a large force of artisans at work putting
up the many decorations that are to make
the big building as pretty as decorators"
art can make it. The railing of the gal
lery has been profusely draped with the
colors of the order and from th» center
there are numberless streamers In the na
tional colors portraying the order's pa
triotism. These are distributed in a man
ner that make a magnificent display,
tasty and grand. At the Polk street end
there has heen erected a platform with
sounding board overhead, so that the ad
dresses of the speakers chosen for the
occasion will be heard in all parts of the
big building. Above there Is a large
painting of California. On the main floor
there are arranged 6000 chairs, and the
galleries will accommodate a number. On
the south side of the Pavilion have been
erected a number of booths. One, the
first from the Larkin street end, will be
the general reception booth; adjoining is !
the booth of district. 55, composed of Bay
City. Abou Ben Ad hem, Apollo, Cosmo
politan and Excelsior lodges; then a booth
for the Sacramento lodges; then one for
district 67, composed of Farnsworth, i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I old-time cathartics and liver medicines,
j which were disagreeable to the taste
; and frequently injurious as well. The
! more one takes of salts and pills the
j more constipated the system becomes;
j while on the other hand one enjoys both
I the method and results when Syrup of
Figs is taken. It is pleasant and re-
freshing to the taste and acts gently
yet promptly on the kidneys, liver and
bowels; cleanses the system effectual-
i ly, dispels colds, headaches and fevers
; and overcomes habitual constipation
• permanently; also biliousness and the
■■ many ills resulting therefrom. The
great trouble with all other purgatives
and aperients is not that they fall to
act, when a single dose is taken, but
, that they act too violently and inva- i
Lnlty, Pacific. Ohplr, Alta and Golden
West lodges; then the one for district
103, in which are Parker, Western. Addi
tion, Morse and Presidio lodges; then a
booth for the lodges of Alameda County;
next to that one for the lodges of Santa
Clara County, and alongside is the
Franco-German booth, in which will unite
in fraternity the German and the French
lodges which make up districts 2 and G6.
The German lodges are: Harmony, Ger
mania, Hermann, Concordia and Vor
waerts: while the French lodge is
Franco-Amerlcaine. Then comes the booth
of district 6S, which has been arranged
with a great deal of taste and is truly
emblematic of the order. This Is the
headquarters of Golden Gate, Fidelity,
Spartan. Occidental and Sargent lodges..
The last in the row is the booth of the
Rebekahs of this city, California. Tem
plar, Oriental, Walhalla, Loyal, Amity
and Mission lodges.
The admission to the several entertain
ments and exercises to be held In the Pa
vilion will be by the souvenir badge and
by special invitation. The badge and the
ticket will each admit a gentleman and
two ladles, or two ladies. There has been
such a demand for invitations that the
executive committee was forced to adopt
that rule so as to prevent overcrowding.
The several floats of the executive com
mittee are being finished in a large build
ing on O'Farrell street by Thomas An
drews and Samuel Simons of the Grand
Opera force. ' -;."
Mrs. Phebe Hearst has notified the ex
ecutive committee that she will allow the
plans for the University buildings to re
main on exhibition during the celebration.
The following is a list of aged Odd Fel
lows, guests of the Home at Thermalito,
who will be in the city to attend the
jubilee: W. T. Azblll, Amos Baldwin. Wil
liam Baxstler, A. F. Brown, E. G. Berger,
John Carson, William Crandley, John J.
Conway, James Davis. E. Dunker, Abe
Courtright, R. de Kruz. M. Finny, John
Foster, Frank Guild, E. Gregory, Q. W.
Herron, G. H. Humphrey, W. "Hulman,
T. Jarvis, A. J. Knapp, P. Lunnev, J. |
McFarlain, F. Miller, W. H. Mason, R. :
Pryor, William Quavle, J. Rutan, William
Roberts, C. C. Shirley, C. Schroeder,
Charles Smith, J. Selmor, G. R. Sharp J
Steinhart, M. Tobias, C. Vincent, T. J.
Woods, D. Knight, C. A. Warner, M.
Ipsen. J. S. Barnes and Mrs. McGowen,
Mrs. M. Mapon and Ellen Gibney, widows I
of Odd Fellows.
Among the many who will be here will
be cantons of Patriarchs Militant from
this city. Sacramento. San Jose, Stockton
and Oakland, and one made up from the
membership of Visalia. Los Angeles,- Riv
erside, Santa Ana and San Diego.
Statistics of the order presented at the
recently held session of the Sovereign
Grand Dodge show that on the last day of |
December, 1898, there were in the United :
States 66 grand lodges. 52 grand encamp
ments, 11,419 subordinate lodges, 2616 sub- j
ordinate encampments, 50;>3 Rebekah :
lodges; total membership of the order, I
.020.963; total relief by the various
branches of the order during the year. $3,- j
422.956 50: total revenue, $8,766,393: total ex- !
penses, $4,159,726; brothers relieved, 37,613; i
patriarchs relieved. 10,664.
riably tend to produce a habit of
body requiring constantly augmented
doses.
The excellence of Syrup of Figs is due
not only to the originality and simplic-
ity of the combination, but also to the
care and skill with which it is manu-
factured by scientific processes known
only to the California Fig Syrup Co.,
and therefore we wish to impress on all
the importance- of accepting the true
and original remedy only. When buy-
ing note the full name of the company
—California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on
the front of every package.
In the process of manufacturing the
pleasant family laxative made by the
California Fig Syrup Co., and named
Syrup of Figs, figs are used, as they
DOCTORS EXTEND
HONOR TO THEIR
NEW PRESIDENT
President Wheeler Is
Banqueted.
■ ♦
A GATHERING OF BRAINS
*
SCHOLARS AND PHYSICIANS EX
CHANGE COURTESIES.
« — : —
New Head of the University of Cali
fornia Is Made the Guest of
Honor at a Delight
ful Eunction.
The medical faculty of the University
of California gave a dinner in the con
servatory of the Palace Hotel last, night
In honor of President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler. Over fifty guests were present.
Besides Dr. Wheeler the entire staff of
the university was present as the guests
of the medical faculty, who improved the
occasion not only to honor their new
president but to bring into close and
friendly relation the different branches of
learning in California's "-great seminary.
At the head of the table sat Dr. A. A.
d'Ancona, toastmastor of the evening,
with Professor Wheeler at his right hand
and Dr. R. Beverly Cole seated on his
iell. jNexi to Ur. Cole -Was seated Pro
fessor Le Conte.
When the black coffee had appeared
and the perfectos had been lighted Dr.
d'Ancona arose and in a well rendered
speech spoke of the object of the dinner,
or' the distinguished gentleman who was
the guest of honor, and the history of the
Berkeley University. In concluding Dr.
d'Ancona called upon Dr. Cole to re
spond.
This Dr. Cole did in his usual happy
vein.
Following Dr. Cole came Professor
Wheeler, who delighted his audience with
lan impromptu address which was as
| witty as it was interesting, dignified and
manly in its strong common sense and
! honest delivery.
Briefly Professor Wheeler said he was
I the same Wheeler that he had been in
j the East. He had come out to the coast
j with no new-fangled Ideas, with no new
notions. It would be his endeavor to
make the university what the people o£
California wanted it to be, not only the
foremost place of learning in the State
but unsurpassed by any in the country.
He. would do his best to bring the medi
cal department and the university proper
into closer relationship with each other.
He knew that the work was one which
was almost too much for one man, but
with the help of all lt could be accom
plished. ;.
I After Dr. Wheeler others spoke and the
' younger members punctuated the fre
'. quent bursts of applause with the old
college yell. The dinner was a most suc
cessful and happy affair, and when the
hour came for the guests to depart it was
with regret that each left.
Destructive Boys.
The owner of the Occidental Handball
■ Court building on Grove street com
plained to the police that boys were in
the habit of breaking Into it and destroy
ing the woodwork. Yesterday afternoon
Policeman Smith ("'arr discovered George
Prossl, John Hemme, Bert Haufe, Otto
Sohoenwald and Cute Thelan in the build
: ing, each with a knife cutting up the
seats in the gallery. They were arrested
and sent to the City Prison, where a
i charge of malicious mischief was booked
against them. Their ages range from 10
; to 14 years. '
Chamber of Commerce.
At the meeting of the directors of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday resolu
tions in memory of the late James de la
Montanya and Solomon Sweet, members
of the chamber, were passed. The fol
lowing new members were elected: How
ard Perrin, William H. Avery, California
Fruit Canners' Association, Equitable
Gas Light Company, Western Meat Com
pany, American Bank and Trust Com
pany. Union Pulp and Paper Company.
are pleasant to the taste: but the me-
dicinal properties of the remedy are
obtained from an excellent combina-
tion of plants known to be medici-
nally laxative and to act most
beneficially.
As the true and original remedy
named Syrup of Figs is manufactured
by the California Fig Syrup Co, only, a
knowledge of that fact will assist in
avoiding the worthless imitations man-
ufactured by other parties. The high
standing of the California Fig Syrup
Co. with the medical profession, and
the satisfaction which the genuine
Syrup of Figs has given to millions of
families make the name of the com-
pany a guarantee of the excellence of
Its remedy.
_._'_■__ ___"_ _' ' NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Warner's Safe Cure is the
only remedy of the present day,
which sufferers from kidney
trouble, men, women or child-
dren, can take ■ with positive
certainty that they will be re-
lieved and cured. _^^
■ -inrinrirs'trtnririrs mrsinrs immns" tt inrsmrs sirs mrs sTrsTnrs-tnnrtnrs
OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK,
THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY
Season 18991900. Now Being Compiled.
The entire edition ha? been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed
on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Pega-
moid" leather, with a handsome design In gold leaf on the outside of the front
cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow-
ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad-
dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the
names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with
their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and
Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents,
and personnel of the press: also guests of the leading hotels who will be
permanently located for the w infer.
Address all changes to
CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher,
' '■':'.' 225 Post Street. San Francisco.
Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street.
OIL EXCHANGE
READY TO OPEN
TO THE PUBLIC
California to Begin
To- Morrow.
The California Oil Exchange will open
for business to-morrow morning and
sessions will be held at 10:30 a. m. and 2
p. ml The proceedings at the first session
will Include an address by Wendell
Easton, the president of the exchange.
This being concluded the regular busi
ness will proceed. William Edwards has
been appointed the caller pro tern. The
quarters of the exchange occupy the en
tire front of the Stock Exchange build
ing on Pine street, on the ground floor.
At the opening of the proceedings the
public will be informed that there is a
book, which will be found hereafter in
the custody of Mr. -Baxter, the assistant
secretary, in which Information concern
ing the companies listed by the board will
appear.
A partial list shows that during: the
past year about seventy oil companies
have been Incorporated in this city alone,
the capital stock of which ranges from
(50,000 to figures of large size.
The Producers' Oil Exchange, which
has handsome quarters on the ground
floor of the Mills building;, will probably
open for business next Monday with the
following officers: J. W. Terrill, presi
dent; Joseph L. King, vice president; W.
,1. Berry, treasurer; R. W. Heath, secre
tary. Mr. King, the vice president, will
act as caller for the present. The Pro
ducers' Exchange starts with a member
ship of about fifty.
The following is a partial list of the
oil companies recently incorporated in
this vicinity: Western Oil and Refining
Company, New Standard, New England.
Pennsylvania, Pacitic Oil Mining and De
velopment, Rio Grande Oil and Asphalt,
Southern Oil and Land. San Francisco
Oil, Shamrock, Standard, Star. Sunset,
Southern Pacific Oil and Improvement,
Santa Fe, Consolidated Olinda. Sun Oil
and Petroleum, Sunset Development,
Tidal Wave, Tar Canyon, Union Consoli
dated Oil and Transportation, Victor, Vir
ginia, Western Oil and Refining. Western
Land and Oil. Syndicate, Black Mountain,
Florence. Pennsylvania Consolidated,
Joaquin Oil and Development. Blue Wing.
Alameda, Alaska, Avenal. Land and Oil,
Argonaut, Alma, Alliance, Berry Oil and
Development, Big Panoche, Buck Horn
Oil and Transportation, Great Western,
Fresno Alpha, Central. Continental, Cyg
net, Cantua, California Mutual, Equita
ble. Excelsior, Fresno Coalinga, Dewey,
McKittrick Petroleum and Development,
Merchants' Mutual. These form only a
portion of the complete list, but they are
numerous enough to give an idea of the
activity in the forming of oil companies,
based on the belief that abundant oil will
be discovered.
Adam was undoubtedly the first man
to walk with a cane.
SPICK, SPAN AND SLICK
In faultless linen every one should at-
tire themselves at all times. When
your collar, cuffs or shirt is laundered
at the U. S. Laundry you will be sure
that it is exceptionable in color and
finish. You can't beat our laundry
work: it is the acme of artistic work-
manship and beauty in this handicraft.
"No saw-edges."
United States Laundry. Offiea
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER a?
CLOSING PERFORMANCES
Of the Young American Tragedienne, \
NANGB-O'NEIL
Direction of Mc-KEE RANKIN". lt.<%
Presenting TO-NIGHT (Tuesday). Wednesday
and Thursday Nights and Saturday Mati-
nee, the Great Success,
"MAGDA,"
FRIDAY '> NIGHT (only time), "THE
SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
SATURDAY NIGHT (by special request),
"OLIVER TWIST."
SUNDAY NIGHT. Oct. 22, the Funniest of all
the great musical farce comedies, "A BREACH
OF PROMISE."
With a company of side-splitting: laugh-makers. 1
POPULAR TRICES ALWAYS PREVAIL.
Evening, "nc, COc and 25c.
i Matinee, entire ground floor, COc; balcony, 23c. '
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
j LAST' 5 NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great Laugh Provoker,
j H*T£L| =
SECOND
WPhl CROWDED
ft Kpr b rf* ■ CROWDED
HOUSES'.
iTORfrVJ =
■With Its host of big hits.
Eddie Foy, Josie De Witt. Bertie Fowler, Phil
H. Ryley and 40 others.
Beginning Sunday Night. Hoyt's
'•A MILK WHITE FLAG."
I Special comedy season prices— sl. 75c, 50c. 25c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Genee's Beautiful Comiq Opera,
" NANON."
j Received Last Night With Enthusiastic Mani-
festations of Delight by a
Packed House. ■:.- "• -'.
The Most Costly, Elaborate and Charming
Production of the Opera Ever Given
ln San Francisco.
; NEXT. WEEK
First Production on Any Stage of an Original
Comic Opera by H. J. Stewart of this
City and Clay M. Greene, Entitled
"THE CONSPIRATORS."
Seats Now on Sale — Secure Them at Once.
Usual Popular Prices— 66c, 35c, 25c, 15c and 100.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
j GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
AND SATURDAY EVENING.
By General Request!!!
"OTHELLO."
THE INSTANTANEOUS SUCCESS.
"FRA DIAVOLO."
; Wednesday, Friday Evenings, Saturday Mat.
The Superb Double Bill,
' "CAVALLERIA" and "PAGLIACCI" Thurs-
day and Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES. 25 and 50 cents.
! Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
%%&
| THE NEW BILL IS ONE OF THE ORPHE-
UM'S BIGGEST HITS.
IF YOU FAIL TO SEE
MLLE. LOTTY
You will not be up-to-date.
"Her act Is the prettiest and daintiest of Ita
kind ever produced"— Richardson.
J. W. WINTON, the Australian Ventriloquist.
TOM BROWN, the Black-faced Humorist.
FLORENZ TROUPE, Howard's Ponies. Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Haskins, La Page Sisters,
Little Elsie, Hawaiian Queens.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Matinees. Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
t NIGHT,
ATaJm |^r The past master of
JOk MASKED
DAI I »
li* IL BALL"
*^J Mat. Sat. & Sunday.
Sf Next— "The Three
Musketeers."
"GO WHERE THE CROWDS GO"
And "HELP THEM LAUGH."
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE 25 CONEY
7 ";- : ISLAND NOVELTIES.
Delighted crowds voted every one a winner,
especially the ghastly Third Degree Regions,
Where His Royal Nibs, the Devil, and his
magic wand will reign supreme.
PROF. HILL, marvel. of the high wire, daily.
lCc— Admission to all parts and ride— loc.
New attractions to bo continually added.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEST CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or chine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Franclsco at 12 m. and
' 12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
j with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your Jerry tickets to Shell Mound.
i All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
| Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
| Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
' meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
! cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
; These electric cars go- direct to the track In flf.
i teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
I 4:0 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
78
west
" COM PAUL"
CORRIGAN IS
TROUBLED
Hoping Against Hope to Open
Ingleside — Will the Law
Be Violated?
While the howling, shrieking winds
raised iho shingles from the partially con
structed grandstand, and the raindrops
large as ostrich eggs washed away the
track at Tanforan i'ark. "Oom Paul" Cor
rigan and bis colleagues, so rumor says,
have been playing checkers. Corrigan's
new track at San Bruno, in the county
of San Mateo, reached by a beautiful
drive over roads wild and rocky, and
through a picturesque region inhabited
by the cabbage and the billy goat, is
hilled to open on November 5. Notwith
standing ; he sincere protestations of Sec
retary Greene that everything will be in
readiness to throw open the gates on
that occasion, it is a ell known fact that
such a thing is almost an utter impos
sibility. Ram has greatly retarded the
working force, and visitors to the scene
of the new racing operations say '<-
i-ember 5 would more hi the opening date,
if even then it is ready.
.Now. so report says, comes the fine
move from the, king row of "Oom Paul"
Corrigan. The Western Turf Association,
i he heavily veiled organization controlling
Tanforan Park. never dreamed of open
ing on the date set. Ingleside track has
suddenly assumed a busy air. It is closed
by the law, but Corrigan] whose tilings
at Springfield, 111., lailed to keep open
Hawthorne track in Chicago, two years
back, is going to talk in San Francisco.
The walks are being brushed up, the
cooking kitchen put in order, the betting
ring swept up and the law is to be out
raged and •transgressed.
The Board of Supervisors is to be ap
pealed to in beseeching terms. All the
Western Turf Association wants is- per
mission -...-. Ingleside track for Iwo
weeks, or until Tanforan Park is com
pleted. Certainly, on the face of it.
this i.-; a very mild plea; but the joker re
mains in the background. Once allowed
to reopen, the ordinance has been violated
by consent— then how can the track be
closed again? It is said that the "break
water" will be the innocent little meet to
be held In the near future of the Golden
Gate Driving Club. Only five or six
races; with uorscs to be driven by gentle
men drivers, wit ii only a few little inno
cent pool tickets to be passed around.
Only a loophole for "Oom Paul" Corri
gan to show bow the law can be beat, and
the Western Turf Association will have
Its opening at Ingh side track.
It cannot be possible that Mayor Phelan,
tbe learned jurors who comprise the bar
of nur city and the hoi Table men com
prising the Board of Supervisors, who
passed the ordinance condemning Ingle
side with its damning influences, can be
hoodwinked by this bombastic Chicago
horseman. It behooves the Mayor of
San Francisco to see that the law is en
forced.
CALIFORNIA BAND CONCERT.
Musicians of the First Volunteer
Regiment Play for the Red
Cross Benefit.
The band of the First California Volun
teers inaugurated a week of concerts and
receptions at -tlte Alhambra Theater last
night*? The boys did not receive th re
ception that their playing and the enter
tainment they offered deserved. Tliis is
explained in a measure from iii- fact that
Mrs. Townsend had purchased all the un
sold scats in the house and sent them to
th.' Montana and Kansas regiments,
neither of which could attend.
There was much thai was commendable
in the playing t.i the band. Few musical
organizations that have appeared in pub
-11 • in the city surpass it. Every num
ber of a well arranged programme "was re
ceived with unstinted applause and unani
mous approval. While the band was the
star attraction there was just enough of
variety to prevent monotony. Mrs. Eva
Tenney, the contralto soloist, contributed
several very charming numbers. Her
rendition of "Beside the Pasig River,"
the words of which are by Sol X. Sheri
dan and the music by 'A. Ison Adams,
bader of the band, was especially lino and
called for prolonged applause.
One of the features of the programme
was the exhibition of views taken by the
United States Volunteer Signal Corps. It
is the most complete set of Philippine
pictures yet shown here and gives a vivid
idea of the terrors of war.
The concerts are to be repeated every
night this week and there will be a
matinee Saturday. The proceeds are to
be given to the lied Cross Society.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub ana Fwlnimins baths. North Beach. •
BONDS AGAIN REJECTED.
Three Bunko Men Are Having a
Hard Time Keeping. Out of
Prison.
Harry Walters, Henry Roberts and
James West, the three bunko men ar
rested for swindling William Schneider
of Honolulu out of $105, arc having a hard
time with tneir bonds. On Friday Judge
Mogan decided that their bonds were In
sufficient and they were ordered into
custody. They were released on Satur
day on new bonds, and yesterday Bond
Expert Newman reported that they were
also Insufficient.
M. H. Smith, saloon-keeper, Larkin
Mreet, and Frank Williams, 220 Sutter
street, were on Walters' bonds; James W.
Boyce, 344 Kearny street; and Frank Wil
liams were on Roberts' bonds, and Henry
llinkel, 1610 Devlsadero street, and Mi
chael E. Mansfield, 915V£ Mission street
were sureties for West. The Judge or
dered that good bonds be given for the
defendants' appearance, otherwise he
would again inn them in-custody, ami
Attorney Mack promised to produce them
yesterday afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At every point
Wielands
Extra Pale
is fortified against the
modern tendency to
lower quality that the
price may be cheap-
ened.
By the aid of sci-
ence and modern
methods we are en-
abled to use the best
materials, and the
most skilled labor.
The product is a beer
that sells on its merit.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
Sporting Stents from Alt Over the World.
DUFFY FELL
HEIR TO A
GREAT KICK
His Ride on Wyoming. Did
Not Please — Four Beaten
Choices at Oakland.
Once in trouble always suspected.
Jockey Frank Duffy caused no small
amount of adverse criticism at Oakland
yesterday by finishing beyond the money
with Wyoming, the even money choice,
for the third event Perhaps Thorpe, or
possibly Spencer, could have been beaten
'n the same manner and nothing would
have lien said. Then, again, it could be
supposed that Duffy was not trying with
the horse!" The "kicker" said that one
or two pencilera laid against Galen
Brown's horse. N This may be true, but
on Saturday one bookmaker in particular
took in a raft of coin on Lavator, and the
sprinter walked in. So much for that
argument. As it happened, Wyoming
acted none too prettily at the post, and
eventually got away seventh — or lust.
Right nere Duffy made. a queer move; he
appeared to take his mount back. There
alter he rode a nice race, matting up lost
ground gradually, and in the fail nome
it lodkea as it he might be second. Loss
than a furlong from the wire, Polish,
with Frawlej up, Swerved perceptibly,
causing Duffy, astride the favorite, to
ease up, and come through on the inside,
in the deep going. He finished fourth, i
Don't Know, noden by Mart*) Bergen,
won comfortably by over a length, with
Polish second, a length ahead of Rio
hico. The ride on tne favorite did not
suit the talent, and was investigated by
the stand.
The track next the rail was deep with
mud, and the speckled going caused the
downfall of four favorites. Like all open
ing days of the week, the attendance was
large. Ruiz carried off the riding honors
by piloting two winners.
Gauntlet made nis initial appearance
tins season in the opening event, at six
furlongs, and was installed a 1 to a favor
ite. lie loomed up in the front position
to the bend tor the stand, but when chal
lenged by Duffy, on Tiburon, grew groggy
ana was led out a length. Rainier dis
posed of The Offering for show honors.
Formeiia, it seems, has severed her con
nection with Klmwood Farm, appearing
yesterday in the colors of Merckel & Co.
,he mare had her price pounded down
from 8 to 5 to 11 to 10 and won cleverly.
She did not fancy the damp spots, but
on striking the dry going in the stretch;
pulled away, beating out Starling with
something to spare. San Carlos took the
show from Shannonette, a leo to 1 out
sider.
By good horsemanship ' Ruiz got home
first on Glen Anne in the fourth recital,
a mile run, decided under selling condi
tions. The St. Andrew mare ran a good
race, but was fortunate with all. Ridden
with better Judgment, Reolia could have
scored. At the start Mounce, on the lat
ter mare, stepped off the first quarter In
the deep going, accompanied by Rapido.
He then tried to make a runaway race
of it. but his mount was all out when the
stretch was reached, although finishing
third. Sorrow, at odds of 12 to 1, looked a
winner up to the last few yards, when she
was nabbed and downed a short head on
the wire by Glen Anne. It was one of
the best pieces of saddle work Ruiz has
• shown.
Ruiz also displayed his ability to notice
able advantage in the seven furlong handi
cap, last on the card. He straddled So
cialist, the second choice, and In a nose
finish took the decision from Ringmaster.
Many considered the latter horse the best,
but still the winner was under restraint
for the greater portion of the trip. Im
perious, the favorite, could not last out,
after making the pace, landing in the
show.
Track Notes.
Joseph A. Murphy, who arrived from
St. Louis Sunday evening, presided in the
stand at Oakland yesterday. Mr. Murphy
says the St. Louis track enjoyed one of
the most prosperous seasons in the history
of the Fair Grounds Association the past
summer. On Thursday and Saturday, the
handicap days, the elite and fashion of the
Mound City turned out, and he thinks the
running turf greatly in the ascendency.
Charley Thorpe, suffering from neural
gia, was not seen In the saddle. He was
carded to ride Lodestar and Wyoming
among other mounts.
The horses of Carruthers & Shields ar -
rived tit Oakland track Sunday night. The
string is headed by Advance Guard, about
the best two-year-old on the Canadian cir
cuit. Joe Weber is the stable jockey. Jack
Martin, a pigmy who can do. 70 pounds in
the saddle and put up a stiff ride, is also
with the new comers.
The string of Hughey Jones got in from
Chicago last evening. The horses are now
quartered at Oakland track.
Walter Jennings, trainer of the Rancho
del Paso string, was among the spectators.
Briar Sweet and the balance of his horses
are enjoying a rest at Sacramento. Mr.
Jennings says Briar Sweet, generally al
lotted top weight In the handicap, was not
"off" so badly as some people imagine. He
ascribes a few of her defeats to the fact
that Imp early in the game was under
rated.
Rapido bled again in his race yesterday,
and in future his entry will be rejected. *
It Is quite apparent that the way of the
transgressor is a hard one. Some six
weeks ago, while at St. Louis, Joe Murphy
Bays he received a cablegram from the
secretary of a racing association at Auck
land, New Zealand, asking if there were
any objection to Jerry (Shorn accepting
mounts In that faraway country. The an
swer was "decided objection." And now,
thousands of miles, from home and
friends, this colored lad who might have
been a shining light on the turf, still finds
himself a disgraced renegade.
Devin was questioned as to his tardy
showing with Lodestar; and said that he
was unable to do any better. At St.
Louis last summer it appears the lit
tle fellow did not loom up to great
advantage, and after yesterday's
race Judge Murphy told the jockey
that he would have to take the same
chances as other boys: If he was too
timid to ride then he would be set down,
for his Indifferent exhibitions were an in
justice to the public.
The recent snowstorm in the Sierras
drove John Coleman, Ed Purser and their
party to more comfortable diggings. John
ny and Ed were among the passengers on
the ferryboat currying the crowd across
the bay from the track last evening, and
bear stories were thicker than mosquitoes
on the Yukon. Coleman will soon be seen
on the block, and prices are apt to
lengthen.
After the defeat of Wyoming, Duffy was
called in the stand and thoroughly ques
tioned. He said while at the post the
horse refused to take hold of the hit and
also to break. In this statement he was
substantiated by Starter Ferguson. For
getting cut off in the stretch be was not
blamed, Frawley on Polish being at fault.
There seems to be some doubt as to
whether the rider was reinstated, and
Judge Murphy now awaits a reply from
Captain Rces in reference to the same.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Five furlongs; two-year-old* ;
purse.
125 Pan! el SSI 157 Ixiyta 108
188 Slsquoc 115 68 Britt ii;,.
1." Jolly Briton 98 ...Alee lis
... Illilouette 105 ... Lorella , 105
157 Palapa 116 ... J. V. Hayes 118
... Corolla 1131
Second race— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
selling.
... Gundara 93! US Druidess 107
157 Miss Vera 100 (107) Rachel C 10?
164 Fairfax 106 (l«)Mldlty 109
Third race— One mile: three-year-olds; selling.
(165) Katie Gibbons.. 95 \ 1". San Augustine.. 90
(lGS)Fortls 107 O.'.SlFaversham 106
154 Anchored 81 I*s Watossa 90
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
... Una Colorado... 107 1 162 Semper Lieon.... 97
147 Alaska 102 ... Vlshnn 110
111 Kootenai 102 11 Lovda] no
158 Correct 102 159 WUmeter no
... Felicite 97, 155 Wl-.itcomb 107
Fifth rare— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: purse.
165 Shellac 1091 ... Satsuma 112
13."> Olinthus 104 133 Humidity 107
161 Tourist II 101 134 Morinel 109
158 Somls 107 (155)Horton 110
152 Don Luis 109 ... Sallie Goodwin.. lug
THE SA:N FRA^s CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
AMATEUR PUGILISTS WILL
MEET IN ROPED ARENA
TWO EXPONENTS OF MANLY ART WHO MEET THURS
DAY NIGHT.
© ff TORRID time Is in prospect for visitors to the San Franclsco Athletic a
♦ /I Club on Thursday night. Four eight-round bouts between leading +
2? L\ amateur boxers of this city are scheduled, and as the men are now J^
r> / I diligently training a good evening's sport is assured. Bud Terry, a -*■
%_ young man who fought two draws with "Kid" McFadden, Is down to SS
feS meet Louis Richards at IIS pounds. The latter is highly recommended by £
•*- his clubmates as being fairly clever and a hard puncher. Toby Irvine, |J?
** the pride of North Beach, will combat with Jim Terry, a brother of the ban- j»
tarn. Jack Duffy and Charles Fredericks will do battle at 140 pounds. Both +
♦ are willing fighters and a knock-out is highly possible. i"
.* In the language of "Billy" Jordan, the event of the evening will be an +
♦ eight-round "go" between Jack McMahon and Gene Mulligan. Both are 8?
* leaders in the lightweight class and are also rivals. This will be their third
• meeting, and as it will practically decide the superior man both are training *°
V hard for the event. A year or two ago McMahon secured a decision from <£
;• Mulligan when they met before the Merchants* Athletic Club. Mulligan being _+.
♦ dissatisfied, a return match was made, and the lads met in B'nai B'rith Hall. 55"
# » Mulligan secured a decision, but McMahon's friends claim his hands and -♦•
4 stomach were not in good condition. Since their last meeting both boxers 88
£• have met and defeated a number of the best men In the State and have im- "♦"
* proved themselves in the game of "hit and get away." •*
<• Alec Groggains will occupy his old position of referee, and this Is an o»
4 assurance that there will be no "faking" by any of the contestants. Betting +
£$ on the result of the main "go" has begun with McMahon a slight favorite. J?
Selections for To-Day-
First race Slsquoc, Ijoyta, Palapa.
Second — Midity, Rachel C, Miss Vera.
Third race — Fortla, Faversham, Katl.. Gib
IDS.
Fourth race— Whitcomb, Lovdal, Alaska.
Fifth Hortcn. Olinthus, Satsuma.
General Funston in Demand.
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— T0-morrow even
ing General Funston will address a meet
ing of the Men's League, at the Union
street Church. Rev. Dwight E. Potter,
the pastor, was a fellow classmate with
the general in the University of Kansas.
The Ebell invitations are out for a re
ception to General and Mrs. Funtson next
Saturday, from 3 to 'i o'clock.
May Succeed Rev. Mr. Law.
OAKLAND, Oct. IR.— The vestry of the
Church of the Advent will meet on the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Monday, October 16, 1899.— Twentieth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track heavy.
first Tuesday of next month and decide
upon Rev. V. Marshall Law's successor.
Rev. "William Carson Shaw, for the past
four years assistant rector of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, San Francisco, occu
pied the pulpit yesterday and made an
impression that leads to the belief that
a formal call will be extended to him.
A Pioneer Passes Away.
BERKELEY, Oct. 16.-Charles O. Berry,
an old resident of Berkeley, died this
morning at his home, 2029 Berkeley way.
Death came as the result of a paralytic
stroke, with which the deceased was
stricken ;.ist week. Mr. Berry was 74
years of agei and a native of Maine. He
leaves behind a son, John C. Berry, and
throe daughters, Mrs. A. S. Mlkkelsen of
Berkeley and Mrs. F. B. Clough and Mrs.
J. E. Seavey of Oakland.
The funeral will be held from the resi
dence next Wednesday afternoon at 2
o'clock.
SCORCHERS
CONDEMNED
BY CYCLERS
Park Commissioners Com
mended for Their Good
Work.
<$>$>$><$«•'«><■s>s'<s•<£<§••*•<s><s<£<»<£<s>
<$>
<$ Whereas, It has come to the at
■s> tention of the association that some
_> of the rules and regulations of the
<*> Park Commissioners, formulated
<$> for the observance of wheelmen
••?> while riding In Golden Gate Park,
■$• are being constantly violated by
•$> the "scorcher" element and others,
<$> regardless of the rights of pedes
<•> trians and the drivers of carriages
•$ and other vehicles;
<$> Whereas, The constant violation
<§> of the rules above mentioned and
■$• the habit of reckless riding in the
<J> park is an injury to the sport and
<§> all wheelmen generally and a
•$> source of annoyance to the park
•$> officials, who have extended every
<?> courtesy and concession asked for, ,
<$> therefore be it \
_> Resolved, That this association
■*■ deprecates and deplores the reck
<"•*> less riding indulged in by thought
•s> less and irresponsible wheelmen
•3> over the park roads; be it further
<•> Resolved, That this association
<g> as a body and members lndividu
•*> ally lend assistance to the Park
■$> Commissioners to suppress the evil.
<*>
<$■_><$$><$<$>_><$>$><$><&<s><s><s><s._><s><&
The above resolutions were passed
unanimously at a meeting of the execu
tive; committee of the California Cycling
Association held last evening in its head
quarters in the Parrott building. Secre
tary Scovern was directed to forward
them to the Park Commissioners and to
also enter'them on the minutes of the or
ganization.
The meeting was called by the chair
man of the committee for the purpose of
discussing the advisability of turning over
the control of the track racing in '.his
State to the National Cycling Association.
At the end of a lively discussion it was
agreed to recommend that course to the
association at its next meeting, the first
Saturday in November. This has long
been contemplated, as it will relieve the
local association from the trouble of is
suing sanctions for track racing and
bring it ln closer touch with the big or
ganization, which has members and rep
resentatives in all but the Southern
States. It is more than probable that the
recommendation of the executive commit
tee will be followed by the association.
The 10-mile annual road race, which
was postponed last Sunday on account of
stress of weather, will be run off on Oc
tober 29 and not this Sunday, as has been
generally understood. The entries have
reopened and will remain so until a few
days before the race. All riders desiring
to compete should notify "Billy" Loos
at once so that the names may be pub
lished in the official programme.
MRS. BOSCOW DENIES
HUSBAND'S CHARGES
OAKLAND, Oct. Mrs. Amelia Bos
cow filed answer to-day in the divorce suit
brought by William Boscow. She denies
the various allegations of cruelty and
asks for immediate relief in the way of
$10 weekly alimony pending the suit, also
$50 for attorney's fees and $25 costs.
Ella Logan was granted a divorce by
Judge Greene to-day from James A. Lo
gan on the ground of willful desertion. The
wife is awarded custody of the minor
children and $20 monthly, alimony. The
parties were married at Hollister Septem
ber 20, 1893.
In the Myrick divorce suit Judge Ells
worth made an order to-day to the effect
that the wife is entitled to $25 received
monthly as rent from property belonging
to the husband, who is a railway con
ductor at a salary of JSO per month.
Defaults have been entered In the di
vorce suits of Alice E. Smith against
George F. Smith, and Eva Williamson
against B. Williamson, on acount of de
fendants' failure to appear or answer, and
the cases' are referred to the Court Com
missioners to take testimony.
A Belligerent Landlord.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Henry Benson, a
Swede, aged 62 years, and residing at 4530
Grove street, was arrested to-night for an
assault with a deadly weapon, while the
assailed, C. L. Kellock, one of his tenants,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital to
have several ugly scalp wounds, Indicted
with a wine bottle, dressed and sewed up.
One of the wounds required eight stitches.
Kellock is an extra motorman and ow
ing to lack of employment lately was un
able to pay his rent promptly on the 1.-th
inst. To-day he and his wife had been
looking about for less expensive quarters.
Landlord Benson learned of this and
called on the Kellocks this evening while
they were having supper, and. learning of
their intention to move, picked up a wine
bottle on the table and brutally assaulted
Kellock, so the latter asserts. Officer
Keefe was promptly called in and bundled
the irate landlord to the City Prison.
Later, it is said, Mrs. Benson procured a
club and was about to renew the battle
with Mrs. Kellock, but neighbors inter
fered. .
Youthful Highwaymen Arrested.
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— Frank Marion and
Marlus Causse, aged 19 and 16 years re
spectively, and residing in West Oakland,
were arrested to-night for robbery. At the
City Prison they confessed to having held
up a San Francisco bootblack near the
Dalton Foundry this afternoon, relieving
him of $10. They claim they were striving
to secure a brush the stranger had stolen
from a brother bootblack, and while one
held him down the' other ripped open his
vest with a knife and secured the gold
piece. They* had also taken a watch, but
this they returned to him.
Freshmen Scored Against,
BERKELEY, Oct. 16.— The freshmen
football team of the University of Cali
fornia met with defeat this afternoon in
a match game upon the college campus
played against the Lowell High School of
San Franclsco.' The two teams seemed to
be about evenly matched, but the univer
sity men fell much below the standard of
anything they have done so far this sea
son. At the close of the game the score
stood 6 to 0 in favor of the High School.
Electric Belts for 5 Cents.
WE MANUFACTURE ELECTRIC
s*~ -v. Belts, and, as a matter of fact, could
/^ Tv furnish them for 5 cents apiece if we
'/& chose to do so and thus throw away
/<> _** money; but of course we don't do it. We
fi * *=??£*} DO. however, sell electric belts as low
f), j.-, «3»«Ss as *3.50 each, and similar in quality to
/l't i sw*5 > *£*jE)e those sold by certain druggists and elec-
(Jtj( **jy s;-^7-k. trie belt quacks at much higher prices.
\r ' . *" — 1 M We also make the BEST Electric Belt
V" W on earth, which we sell at REASONA-
*TI # -JS*§T BLE PRICES, and if this is the kind of
; 's^^^&j! v a belt you want please make a note of
-A *Jl^i BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
PIERCES."
ftvi^^W^^SßSifc Call at ,he office or send 2 cents in
WTO^W^iMS*?) stamps for "PAMPHLET NO. 2." Ad-
VM^A^\^^S^f^fS^!!.t' dress .77.7:.-?-.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO..
•]!»"' 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Franclsco.
BOX MAKES
A NEW MARK
AT MORRIS
Carrying Top Weight, He
Runs a Mile and an Eighth
in 1:53 3-4.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW "YORK, {Oct. 16.— last race, a
handicap at one an an eighth miles, was
the feature of Morris Park to-day. Mus
kadine closed a slight favorite over Box
and Decanter. Tnere was a long delay at
the post, caused by the breaking of Box's
bridle, but they were finally sent away in
good order. Box was the quickest on his
feet, and although he had top weight
rushed out to make the running. He was
never headed, and in the end won gallop
ing by two lengths, in 1:53%, a new record
over the course. Muskadine, in a hard
drive, got the place from Carnero by a
head. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Peep o' Day won,
Queen of Song second, M'jntanic third. Time,
1:20%.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Midwood
won. The Corinthian second, Fonalee third.
Time, 1:05%.
Five furlongs, selling— Miss Hanover won,
Sunoll second, Flueron third. Time, :;.S.
One mile— The Bondman won, St. Simian sec
ond, Pickwickian third. Time, 1:42%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Maximo Gomez
won, Scotch Plaid Eecond, Glorian third. Time,
1:46%.
One and an eighth miles— won, Muska
dine second, Carnero third. Time, 1:53%.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 16.— Azucena beat a field
of crack sprinters in a six furlong dash at
Estonia to-day in the fast time of 1:14. Weather
pleasant; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, — Meddlesome won. Glad
Hand second. Norma Taylor third. Time, 1:15.
Five and a half furlongs Mayella won. Re
seda second, Nina B L third. Time, 1:08%.
One mile and 70 yards, selling— Ramiro II
won, Frank Wagner second, Derby Maid third.
Time, 1:47%! \
Six furlongs— Azucena won. Hand dOr sec
ond, NaclUace third. Time, 1:14.
Five and a half furlongs— Maccabee won.
Can Robert second, Adair II third. Time, 1:09.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Weather clear; track
fast. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Lucky Monday won,
Loyaletta second, Bright Eyes third. Time,
1:31%.
Five furlongs— lda Ledford won, Gussie Fay
second, Satan third. Time. 1:00%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Streamer won, King's
Highway second, Bennevllle third. Time,
1:46%.
Mile and an eighth— won, Einstein sec
ond, Tappan third. Time, 1:55%.
One — Periwig won. Imp. Mistral II sec
ond. Ed Tipton third. Time, 1:42%.
Seven furlongs— Found won, Canace second,
Diggs third. Time, 1:29%.
VICTORY FOR THE SENIORS.
Defeat the Sophomore Eleven on the
Stanford Gridiron.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 16.—
The senior class to-day won the college
championship by defeating the sophomore
class in a close game by a score of 6 0.
The game throughout was a contest, be
tween the punters of the opposing teams,
and in this Rodolph was easily the equal
of Captain Murphy of the senior team.
No score was made till within a minute
of the end of the second half, when Mc-
Fadden fell upon a blocked kick back of
the "02 goal. Rice, Sell, Fisher and Web
ber did the best work for the sophomores,
while Murphy, MfcFadden and Lannigan
starred for the seniors.
The teams lined up as follows:
1900 . Position. 1902.
Hayden Center Gage
Wilson and
De Forrest Guard— R Bowman
Brown and
Hueston R.— Guard— L Ritter
Bidwell and
Burnett L.— Tackle— R Webber
Fa ris ,*. Tackle— L . . Boren
Nourse L. — End — R Rice
McFadden. R.— End— Sell and
Frisselle
Parker L.— Half— R... Hough
Chappel. R.— Half— Fisher
Murphy Quarter Cooper
Lannigan Full Rodolph
CONTRACTORS CANNOT
BORROW COUNTY TOOLS
OAKLAND, Oct. 16. —The Board of
! Supervisors to-day awarded the contract
for the grading and macadamizing of 2025
i feet of the San Leandro road from Semin-
I ary avenue as far east as Elmhurst to
' E. B. Stone, who was the only bidder,
! his bid being $7000. .The contract for the
same kind of work on a portion of the
road running from the Bell ranch south
easterly 4100 feet was awarded to J. B.
Barnard at $2165. At the latter award
' one of the bidders, John Beck, created a
; mild sensation by objecting on the ground
i that Barnard was the agent of Supervisor
Wells and that he would use the county's
tools on the contract. The Supervisors
adopted a resolution against loaning any
of the county's tools to contractors.
The question of granting a franchise to
the Standard Electric Company was again
laid over. «
County School Superintendent Crawford
was granted sixty days' leave of absence.
Elias Futzinger presented a claim for
$57 damages on account of his horse and
. buggy failing through a bridge on the San
1 Leandro road.
Licenses were granted to the following:
Charles 11. Silva, San Leandro road and
i Moss avenue; Edward H. Juhl, Decoto:
1 Mrs. B. Walliser, Hopkins street and
Frultvale avenue.
Clubhouse Dedicated.
BERKELEY, Oct. ie.— The Town and
Gown Club of Berkeley held exercises in
their new clubhouse this afternoon for the
first time. The building which has Just
been completed for them stands on the
corner of Dana street and Dwight way.
It is a unique structure and was designed
by Professor B. R. May beck, an Instruct
or in the University of California. After
the exercises were over the club held a
reception in honor of Mrs. Wheeler, wife
of President Benjamin Ide "Wheeler of
the University of California.
Lecture on Havana.
ATjAMEDA, Oct. 16.— J. W. Erwin, who
was sent by the Government as special
agent to Cuba for the purpose of estab
lishing the United States postal system on
the island, will give an Illustrated lecture
on Havana before the Unitarian Club on
Wednesday evening. A musical pro
gramme of more than ordinary Interest
will be rendered by the Unitarian orches
tra. On two weeks from Wednesday
evening the club will give a ladies' night
promenade concert in celebration of the
close of the third successful year of the
club. /
Oast,
FAST DOGS
TO RUN AT
UNION PARK
Midweek Stake Promises
Many Surprises to Fol
lowers of Coursing.
Bettors will have no easy time of it r
picking the winners of the Midweek
Coursing Stake, which will be run off at
Union Park to-morrow. Last night's
drawing developed such well known dogs
as Hadiwist, Rusty Gold, Amarosa, Con
troller and Nancy R. The hounds named
have made splendid showings in champion
ship stakes and will undoubtedly make fine
sport for lovers of the pastime. Accord
ing to an expert, the stake draw last
evening is one of the best ever seen at the
park. Besides the dogs named there are
a score of good performers, all of whom
are in fine fettle. The hares are running
fast and will lead their enemies a merry
chase before being captured.
The prizes offered are as follows: Win
ner, $«); runner-up, $40; third, $30; next
three, $15 each; next six, $8 each; next
twelve, $5 each. The running will begin
shortly before noon. Following is the re
sult of the draw:
Midweek Reserve stake— Hall's Nonpareil
vs. W. H. Hike's Nancy It: Lock & Lyons'
Moloch vs. M. London's Magneto; P. Cronin's
(names) Peg the Rake vs. E. M. Kellogg's
lowa Boy; Maher & Reld's (names) Nellie
Pawn vs. J. P. Thrift's Forgive; E. M.
Kellogg's lowa Girl vs. W. H. Jones' Prince
Jerome; J. Murnane's Wildwood vs. Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara; Aeneid Kennels' Bona Dea
vs. J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport; H. H.
Grey's Rona vs. F. Price's (names) Madge
Wildfire; T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee vs.
H. il. Grey's Terronette; Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs vs. P. Tlernen's (names) Hadl
wist: Sterl & Knowles" Rusty Gold vs. J.
Jones' Galivant; Sterl & Knowles' Fanny X
vs. F. A. McComb'a One Spot; J. Ronning's
(names) Dempsey Lass vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Wag; W. C. Glasson's Teronite vs. J. O'Shea's
Golden Gate; F. C. Mack's Delia M vs. T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Bail: A. L. Austin's Firm
Foe vs. Dan O'Connell's Satan; T. J. Cronin's
Depend On Me vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan;
J. H. Perigo's Controller vs. J. H. Smith's
Merced; J. Jones' Moonlight vs. W. L. Trade's
(names) Wondering Tom; E. H. Casserley's
(names) Lady Blanche vs. J. Keenan's Royal
Oak: J. Hurley's Star of Cuba vs. F. A. Mc-
Coir.h's Lord Lytton; Locke & Lyons' Dick L
vs. W. H. Lord's Revolver; I. F. Halton's Tic
Tat vs. Kay & Trant's Eclipse: George La
husen's Fireball vs. Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa.
Nevada Wins at Football.
RENO, Nev.. Oct. Nevada won the
intercollegiate football game to-day. The
Nevada State University team defeated
a team from the University of the Pacific
by a score of 63 to 5.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FROM MANILA
And All Parts of the Civilized
World Come Words of Praise
for Dr. Meyers & Co., the Cel-
ebrated Specialists for Men.
The Physicians Who Cure and
Strengthen Men at Home ' and
Abroad.
Never in the history of medicine haa
any physician or medical institution at-
tained the fame and popularity now
enjoyed by Dr. Meyers & Co., the well-
i known and reliable specialists for all
diseases and weaknesses of men.
These physicians, during more than
eighteen years of successful practice,
have made discoveries in the sciences
of healing and giving permanent
strength which are unknown to any
one but members of their staff.
They make no charge for consulta-
tion or advice, and furnish without
cost to the. patient all the remedies, ap-
pliances, etc., necessary to effect a
quick and permanent cure.
As a guarantee Dr. Meyers & Co. will
let the patient deposit the price of a
cure in any bank in San Francisco, to
be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. after he
is entirely well. If it is not convenient
to do this payments may be made in
weekly or monthly installments.
There are men in every city, town
and school district throughout the "West
who have been cured by Dr. Meyers'
successful home-cure system.
If you cannot call write for private
book, diagnosis sheets, free advice,
prices and other particulars. Corre-
spondence solicited. All letters confi-
dential. No printing on envelopes or
packages to indicate name of sender.
Dr. Mevers & Co. are located at 731
Market street, this city.
a^^s^<+^s__*,*+s__hs^+s*^+
4v9S)T DR- JORDAN'S great A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
4 A 1051 X18Z17 ST. l.\. 6*m, S.F.Cii. A
\ t^r The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m '■% » _ World. Weaknefses or any contracted 4
JT C«|** EMu disease p«-»illv«-ly cured hy the oldest ¥
© iPal Specialist co the Coait Est. 36 years. (j
A fIJSJ'I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A ■ «SwS Consultation free and strictly private \
w a Uu'n Tr« itment personally er by letter. A A
T■ W \_ri Po * t ' vt Curt in every case undertaken. W
A mil 11 A Write for Book. PBII.O-tUPIUct i
* - II II «*IinHGE, MAILED FREB. (.\Y
X li (i' valuable book for men) \
f I>K. JOBDA.X A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO NOT DESPAIR! Do not Su-
ffer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
lifo can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of .Verroui Debility are
absolutely cured by PERI'FCTn
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give _____P^_ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-f.A young or old
One Me box renews vital energy. l boxes at
>2, 50 a .complete guaranteed curewftry or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest >•§■»■' pocket Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on recelnr nf
Vice by TUB PEBKEtTO CO., Caxton Bldy.. Chltaßi, lU.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 6. F. and Oakland.
86 gggf MB* jfo r „ W H^hsE
...:■ _—
" T e , ,?,nVi!{ , (l ,UXUr >" * nd comfort. J
:: c^c^^S ,0 tS. and m '^ : :
| PALACE and
1 GRAND
i ':7'-77.y. , : ...... . ii
" teu £°£L P ?? , and fashionable ho- "
" onfw ™2 Francisco - Operated jointly J'
I enc« . I:anagement1 :anagement - Correspond- *"
J ence iollcited. v
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
I Manager. _ f
••■■■■■ .______. ....__ _ _THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke, Dr. Russell Sturgis, Dr. A. I>. Froth-
Ingham Jr., Arthur eber, Frank Fowler an A others.
TITIAN, the Nestor of the Italian Renaissance.
By ARTHUR LINCOLN FROTHINGHAM JR., PH.D.
There Ip very little mystery in Titian's
life and practical unanimity as to his art.
lie was the most finished embodiment of
the sensuous aspect of the developed
renaissance of Italy. He was also, on ac
count of his life of ninety-nine years, a
living history of Venetian painting In its
whole period of bloom, lle witnessed both
the dawn and the decline of the golden
age of the renaissance.
Titian's surroundings made him what
be was. Before his day Venetian art had
not come into line with other Italian
schools. The cold, diplomatic, mercan
tile Venetians had loved the gorgeous
side of the ancient art of Byzantine • as
pire; they had not felt the religious emo
tions that accompanied and made possible
the Glottesque art of the rest of Italy.
Superb color-and lack of inner life char
acterized their school of painting until the
middle of the fifteenth century, only a
generation before Titian's birth. It was
then that the Bellini family imported into
Venice some of the results of the study
of the antique, of thfe science of perspec
tive and of the human form and char
acter, that had been transforming the
Tuscan school of the early renaissance.
Still, even under Bellini, the Venetian
school maintained a distinct Individuality.
due to the character of the people and the
atmosphere of the lagoons; it still re
lied upon color rather than upon drawing;
on an appeal to the senses rather than to
the intellect; on texture rather than ac
tion. But the Bellini were still essen
tially devoted to religious or historical
art. They were not destined to be frank
ly psychological and to embody in paint
the dreaminess of the sea haze, the In
tangible °"l
thaHJ
ofH
drifting on the la-H
theH
that coniesH
ignoring theH
ar.d open-H
Ing the to allH
delightS.B
r, -servedH
successors. I
born !nl
the noble "''"•'-H
at PteveH
in the Al-B
ofH
the ageH
or lie wasH
to to l
first I
th' theH
ZUCCOatO, I
under the!
iuH
appears to I
into the
workshop l
i Bellini, ■
years H
was I
remain I
the ruler ofH
HH^HH^HH^HHV
impress H
Titian I
these H
sent atl yes I
the renais- H
neither H
nor lasting. I
wan H
that of the new age and his fellowship
with the young men waiting, like himself,
for a leader to pear. Such a leader came
in Giorgione, the. sensuous poet-painter,
tho dreamer of idyls; no older that Titian,
but with that spark of intuition, of
genius, which he lacked. The two young
men became close —'■dates under Gior
gione's material as well as ideal guid
ance. It is at times as difficult to dis
tinguish the contemporary works of these
two young artists as those of the famous
Greek sculptors, Scopas and Praxiteles,
so deeply had Titian become Impregnated
from the stronger spirit. The association
lasted until Giorgione's death; the artistic
dependence never <iuite ended.
Titian was slow in attaining fame. Not
until his 30th year, in 1507, when he as
fisted rgi me in decorating the palace
called Fondaco del Tedeschi, does he seem
to have acquired an independent reputa
tion. On Giorgione's premature death, in
1510, Titian completed a number of his
friend.- unfinished pictures. Almost im
mediately he received his first important
Independent commission, for a series of
sixteen frescoes in the Scuola del Santo
bt Padua. He 'failed to show in them any
Bpeclal proficiency in the style of grand
composition.
All Titian's works up to about 1505 are
religious subjects, not varying fundament
ally from the Bellini and Cima type,
but, soon after, Titian, under Giorgione's
guidance, entered the enchanted sphere of
poetic allegory', where, unlike religious
art, there was no tradition to prevent a
completely original treatment.
After his Paduan work Titian signalized
his return to Venice by a superb "St.
Mark Enthroned Among Saints" (1512),
and then, aspiring to a more public recog
nition of his position, he began, in 1513,
an attempt to dispossess of his monopoly
the aged monarch, Giovanni Bellini.
Titian's appointment as state painter
helped to procure him the favor of his
first great art patron, Alfonso d'Este,
Duke of Ferrara, for whom he painted re
ligious, allegorical and mythological Bub
jects, as well as portraits, for many years.
The famous "Christ and the Tribute
Money" In Dresden was painted for him.
TStlan's male portraits at this time still
had the gentle poetic melancholy of
Giorgione, without the sensuality that had
crept into his female figures. The bearded
man in Munich, and especially the superb
f "Young Man with the Glove" (Louvre),
are 'lie most exquisite of this class, the
most sympathetic of all the master's por
traits. The famous "Flora" (Uffizl) still
retains, with all its sensuousness, some of
the poetry of the past.
Titian soon substituted for the <;iorgi
onesque repose great vehemence of action
• and luxuriance of form. He shows it
in his Bacchanalian series for the Duke
of Ferrara. especially in the superb "Bac
chus and Ariadne" (National gallery), and
in his religious pictures, notably his great
altar piece in the Belle Arti, the "As
sumption of the Virgin," where action
runs riot. The rather theatrical tendency
of these years (1518*30) Is shown in his
painting, "St. Sebastian" (1522), which
Titian himself regarded at the time as his
masterpioce; it reached its climax in his
"Martyrdom of St. Peter Martyr" (1580),
which was quite universally thought to
be his greatest picture, and the first In
stance. where the human figures were
made subordinate to the landscape.
» In 1523 Titian secured a seoond powerful
patron. Federlgo Gonzaga, Duke of Man
tua, for whom he produced the masterly
"Entombment" (Louvre), the portraits of
the Duke and Duchess, the superb
"Bella" (Pitt!) and the "Venus" of the
Cfllzi, working steadily for the Duke until
his death ln 1540. He increased his pop
iilarity at home by the spectacular altar
ilece at the Frari (1525), called the "Ma
donna dl Casa Pesaro."
In 1727 a new period in Titian's life and
irt commenced through his association
with the notorious Pietro Aretino, the
most corrupt man of a corrupt age, an.i
with all his high connections and wealth
' me champion blackmailer of history.
During his stay in Venice he found
V. Titian's talents useful and so helped him
to the favor of various Italian potentates,
and especially of Charles V of Spain.
Titian waa perniciously and permanently
affected by Aretino in his art and char
acter, learning to fawn on the great and
to worship money In a way unworthy of
the dignity of the great artist, and learn
ing especially to prostitute his art.
Ten years after the "St. Peter Martyr"
Titian produced another great religious
picture. "The Presentation of the Virgin
In the Temple." which in Its harmonious
and spectacular composition served with
the "Ecce Heine" as a mode] to other
Venetian masters, such as Tintoretto,
and was never surpassed by them. The
princely house of Farnese succeeded (1542)
the Gonzagas as Titian's patrons, and as
Pope Paul ill was a Farnese, Titian was
thus for the first time brought into close
connection with the Papa! Court. The
painter finally, when nearly 70 years old,
traveled beyond the limits of Northern
Italy and went to Home. There he met
the Titan, Michelangelo. The two artists
represented not merely an artistic op
position— design versus color— an
opposition of character. Michelangelo
was typically strong, independent, puri
tanic; Titian was supple, fawning, lux
urious. There could be no sympathy or
understanding. From the earlier Flor
entine masters with whom Titian then
became a little better acquainted, he re
ceived something; at least. It appears as
if Verrocchio were not foreign to his
"John the Baptist" (Venice) nor Ra
phael to his ceiling picture of "Wisdom"
(S. Marco), nor even Michelangelo to his
"Adam and Eve" (Madrid), all of which
lv painted after his visit to Rome and
Florence.
_ Not long after Titian made an even
greater journey, to the court of Charles
TITIAN (After a Painting by Himself).
V at Ausburg, where he painted one of
his most consummate masterpieces, the
equestrian portrait of "Charles V at the
Battle of Muhlberg" (Madrid). Titian
had now for several years reached the
summit of his ambitions. 11,- was the
favorite of Popes and Emperors and
feared no rival. Yet he never ceased
from nagging for money and from send
ing unordered pictures in hopes of being
well paid. After the death of Charles V
Titian was high in favor with Philip 11,
whom he had more than once painted
while he nvas yet Prince. Perhaps it was
the Influence of Spanish fanaticism grad
ually creeping over him. perhaps it was
the advance of old age; but whatever the
reason may be. we see Titian gradually
returning to religious scenes and treating
them with less triviality and less brutal-
ity. At the same time he does not so
often treat nude figures and mythological
scenes. Aretino was dead; neo-Cathol
icism was supreme. The "Christ Crowned
With Thorns" (Munich) and the "Pleta"
(Venice. Belle Arti), on which the master
was engaged at the time of his death,
are good examples of this kind of pseudo
religious hysteria that formed quite a
lengthy prelude to his death ln 157G, dur
ing the great plague.
The significance of Titian's art lies not
( in drawing or composition, but In coloring.
His drawing was Indifferent, though Mi
chelangelo regarded it as defective. His
ability to compose, at first decidedly sec
ond rate, became excellent, but his large
compositions never were his most charac
teristic pieces— compositions. Neither
; is Titian suggestive and inspiring in the
j theme or the inner life of his pictures, as
i are so many other great Italian artists.
The delight he does give often but not
always— almost purely through the col
or sense; ln the landscape, the atmo
sphere, the combinations and gradations
of tone, the play of light, the inwardness
of color. He shows extreme reticence for
! a Venetian in producing his color effects,
I not forcing the note, not making a Haunt
j ing display or technical mastery, nor seek
; ing vivid contrasts. He Is sober and har
j monious, tending more and more as he ad
j vances in years toward a single color
; note, flooding the surface with light and
I obliterating outlines. This makes him at
j last quite an Impressionist, so that to sp
preciate many of his late pictures It is
necessary to obtain the right distance and
focus before the proper effect of color and
form can be understood. At close quar
ters they seem blurred and careless.
But beyond the wonderful coloring
which so often gives just the Intoxication
; of a Venetian evening there was undoubt
edly a vivid power of characterization in
. Titian's art, whether his portraits have
the clear outlines of (he "Young Man
With the Glove." or are Impressionistic
like the "Antiquary Strada." if the mas
ter's art Is perplexing in Its variety of
Stages, it is due to his long life and the
changes In contemporary art; if it is un
even In its quality it is because his laxity
was not proof against the temptation of ;
pot boilers— and for this his age was more i
ito blame than he was. Certainly the fact
j that his nature was Impressionable has I
made him a radiant reflection of the sen
i buous life of the late Venetian renaissance
■ to a degree that would have been impossi
ble to a more self-poised or solitary
g< nius.
(Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.)
Note. -A study of Correggio by Frank
Fowler of New York will be presented
next week.
Courses of Instruction.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900,
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare. Tuesdays: The
I World's Great Artists. Wednesdays: Desk
Studies for Girls and Shop and Trade
Studies for Boys. Fridays: Great Ameri
can Statesmen. Saturdays: Home Science
and Household Economy. These courses
i will continue until January 31, 1900. Ex
aminations will be held at their close as a
I basis Tor the granting of certificates.
For the Football Game.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 16.-
The football managers of the Stanford
and Berkeley teams are completing the
arrangements for the big Thanksgiving
day game. They have just lot the con
tract for printing 19,000 admission tickets
all of . which they anticipate, will find a
ready sale. Of these 1000 box seats will
be reserved for the University club. 16,000
covered bleachers and yelling sections all
reserved, and 20u0 general admission
tickets.
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
URGE SHIPPING
CONCERNS AFTER
COAST BUSINESS
New York Houses
Combine. .
— •
TILLAMOOK BAY IS SHOALING
ONLY ONE UNCHARTERED SHIP
NOW IN PORT.
-♦
Cruiser Newark Sails for Manila
To-Day — Movements of the
Transports Officer Bailey
Attacked by Roughs.
, A. Chesebrough of Williams, Dimond
' & Co., and Robert Chapman of James F.
[ Chapman & Co., are now in New York
' in connection with a couple of lines of
vessels that run between the East and
San Francisco. Chapman & Co. are
agents for the Flint & Co. line, and Wil
: liams, Dimond & Co. for the Dearborn &
' : Co. line. These two big concerns have
amalgamated under the name of Flint,
[ Dearborn & Co. and are to operate steam
ers as well as sailing vessels between New
• York, Honolulu and San Francisco. It is
; in connection with the handling of the
. business of the new line at this end tliat
Messrs. Chesebrough and Chapman are
: in New York.
The new company has been Incorporated
under the laws of New Jersey, and will
eventually operate a steamship line be
tween New York, San Francisco and
Honolulu. Four steamers have already
been ordered for the service by Flint
& Co., of 8500 tons capacity dead weight,
and these boats, it is expected, will be
' in operation about April or May next, j
Meantime, the company will operate sail- j
ing vessels and will, as a matter of fact,
continue to operate sailers in addition ie
steamships; when the demand warrants
it. Flint & Co. owned sixteen large clip- ,
per ships, and took over the business or
i the Sutton Line when Mr. Sutton died j
about four years ago. Dearborn & Co. j
! are a very v. ell known firm In tie- San
j francisco trade, having established tlieir
service in the early 'w's.
The war in Soutn Africa has given an
| Impetus to shipping in this port. Wheat
! win be in demand and shippers are getting
i bold of every available vessel. On Sun- j
day the British ships Sllberhorn, Yolo, |
Austrasia and Pythomene were unchart
ered. Yesterday they were all taken at
• prices ranging from 37s 6d to '6_<>, the
Pythomene getting the latter figure, j
! Practically tne only unchartered vessel i
In port at the present time is the Ameri
can ship Benjamin F. Packard, which ar
. rived from the East a few days ago. The ;
American ship Servia is .use in port, but
she has been purchased by Lewis; Ander
son it Co. and will go into tic- coastwise
trade.
The new schooner Henry Wilson has
been officially measured at Grays Harbor
. : and her tonnage is given as 103 tons net.
Captain Johnson of the Mary and Ida
will command the Henry Wilson.
There has not been much water in Til
lamook Bay of late and vessels have had
considerable trouble ln getting over the
bar. The steamer Luella left here on
September i*> and after discharging In
the bay loaded again for San Francisco.
A big cargo was not put aboard, but even
then the steamer could not get out. Cap
tain Miller finally gave up in despair and
last Saturday the Luella's cargo was dis
charged and Sunday night she sailed In
ballast for Coos Bay to take on a load
of lumber for San Francisco, lt looks as
though Tillamook Bay Is going to be as
bad this year as It was several seasons ;
ago when the steamer Ventura was
! locked up in the bay eighty-two ' days
'and only got out when the winter rains j
I had cutout a new channel.
I Captain Cooper, the well known and pop- j
| ular master of the British ship Royal .
I Forth, is in San Francisc on a visit. His j
| vessel is now at Astoria loading wheat for i
I Europe and the captain has availed him- I
I self of the opportunity to run down here |
I and see his many friends.
Captain Petrie of the British tramp
steamer Westminster, which has been
chartered by the Government as a trans
port, is well known on th,- coast. if"
was here in 1896 as master of fhe British
steamer Linlithgow. That vessel left the
Sound with a large cargo of wheal for
Europe, but off the coast of Guatemala
lost her propeller. She drifted around in
a helpless condition for a long time, but
was finally abandoned in a sinking condi
tion or October '... 1896. Three lays later
the captain and crew landed on the coast
of Guatemala and from there reached
England. This is Captain Petrle's first
visit to the coast since the disaster.
Th.- Westminster was to have carried
horses to Man'la, but the chances are
now that she will carry a load of hay.
The Government has a big lot of horses
at Honolulu and feed for them is very
scarce. Should the Westminster he load
ed with hay she will go direct to Honolulu
and after discharging will come back here
to load mules for the Philippines.
The transport Centennial made a very
successful trip to Honolulu with her load
of horses. Captain Eagles writes thai two
of the animals died on the way and two
di.-d after landing. The balance w re in
good condition. The Honolulu dispatcher
-aid the horses were weak and could
scarcely stand, but that fad was due to
the horses having been so long at sea.
Colonel lluhlln said he was very much
pleased with the condition in which tho
stock wis landed. The Centennial will
come back here for another bad of horses
and the Athenian and Slam will carry
the animals from Honolulu to Manila.
Two transports will in future carry the
horses to the islands, where they will he
given a rest and a chance to get used
to a tropical climate and then two other
vessels will take them on to Manila.
The transport Hancock will go on the
Hunters Point drydock to-morrow. After
being cleaned she will go to the Govern
ment dock and be fitted out for Manila.
The cruiser Newark is to sail to-day for
Manila via Honolulu and Guam. She is
one of the vessels that have been ordered
to join the fleet in Philippine waters.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia sails to-day for Honolulu with
every Inch of freight space taken and
every pound of freight she can pack
aboard. She lias not as much merchan
dise aboard this trip as last, as mi this
occasion -•he has been compelled to carry
enough coal to bring her back from Hon
olulu. Tin re is a dearth of black dia
monds on the islands and the Govern
ment will not give up any of its store.
In consequence vessels have to carry
sufficient fuel to bring them home again
Captain Debney of the Corona is a well
man again and will go out In command
this trip. Captain Gielow, who has been
It: command of the Corona, has taken the
Coos Bay again.
Officer Bailey of the Harbor police will
not forget "Kid" Pastene In a hurry.
Sunday night he had :. broken nose and
a pair of black eyes fixed up at the Har
bor Hospital and now a warrant is out
for th.- "Kid" on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Pastene Insulted
a oman on Davis street and because
she resented it he struck her. Bailey
threatened to put the "Kid" under arrest
and a gang of the latter's friends lumped
tin- officer. Rail* ; was knocked down
with a blow that cut his helmet nearly
in two and then the crowd, led bj Pas
tene, proceeded to beat the prostrate of
ficer. When Bailey recovered conscious
ness not one of the gang was to be
found. I
There has been a violin dicker on the |
water front that leaves some of the par
ties interested a little disgruntled. The
Instrument in question was brought from
Manila on one of the transports and 'us
toms Inspector Mitchell purchased ft lor
$20. Later he sold it to Mrs. Mary violet
Lawrence for $35 and thought he had done '
well, It now turns out to 1., a genuine I
Btradivartus In a good state of preserva- 1
tion and "Mrs. Lawrence, so It is said has '
refused nOOO for it. " j
David J. Staples Retires.
David .1. Staples resigned the presidency
of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany at a meeting of the hoard of direct
ors yesterday afternoon. Poor health and
a desire to retire from active business
were the reasons assigned. The resigna
tion will take effect January 1, 1599. Mr.
Staples has been prominently Identified
with the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany many years.
A SOUTHERN PACIFIC
OFFICIAL IS PROMOTED
G. F. RICHARDSON, WHOSE POWER HAS BEEN EXTENDED.
© f>\ F. RICHARDSON, the popular master of transportation of the ©
♦ I Southron Pacific Company, has had a new dignity added to his posi- ♦
V I tion, and will, when the order Issued yesterday goes Into effect, be £
<:> I I I Placed third in authority in the operating department, having only <§>
♦ y~Zy. * General Manager Kruttschnitt and Manage? Fillmore above him. ♦
<v . Heretofore the department of transportation lias been divided <&
*, into two bureaus, one under the control of Mr. Richardson and the other ▼
4 under Car Accountant William McKay. After mature deliberation by those 1
tat the head of the corporation it was decided to request Mr. McKay to hand X
♦ in his resignation and. to combine the whole business under the management ♦
'*' of Mr. Richardson. This was done, and yesterday a circular was issued no- T
♦ tlfylng the employes of the Southern Pacific that on and after October 18 A
« Mr. Richardson would have supreme authority over all trains that roll on i
■'- the thousands of miles of Southern Pacific tracks. <•>
♦ The importance of this new office of Mr. Richardson's can hardly be over- t
-!• estimated. He will control all the rolling stock and direct the movement of .1'
<:, every engine, ear and train from the moment it rolls on to a Southern Pacific X
♦ rail until it is housed at Its destination. ' I
J Mr. Richardson not only has a nost of friends in the company who will f
T congratulate him on his promotion, but he is a great favorite with the out- X
de world. V
<f
...._ ....... . **
CITY'S TRADE
HAS OUTGROWN
THE RAILROAD
Unable to Move Goods
to the Interior.
INCOMING CARGOES BLOCKED
♦ —
REVIVAL OF BUSINESS FINDS
COMPANY UNPREPARED.
+
Does Not Control Sufficient Rolling
Stock to Handle the Freight
From San Francisco to
Interior Points.
The Southern Pacific Company and the
shippers of Ban Francisco are confronted
with a serious problem, The trade of the
city has outgrown the railroad s equip
ment and the corporation finds itself face
to face with tin fact that it does not con
trol rolling stock enough to move the
merchandise for which the interior of the
State is clamoring. Shipload upon ship
load of Importations consigned to dif
ferent sections of the State are stored in
local wan houses awaiting the railroad's
pleasure. There is no longer a stagna
tion in mercantile affairs. The revival of
trade came on 50 rapidly that the South
ern Pacific Company finds itself unable
to handle the great volume of business
that is being forced upon it by the sud
den and substantial business activity.
The condition Is a serious one and is
lamentably detrimental to the commercial
interests of the city. Within the week
three deep sea vessels laden with com
modities tor interior sections have been
towed away from the Oakland wharf, un
able to discharge their cargoes. When
tney were ready to unbatten their hatches
the railroad officials informed their agents
that they would be unable for many days
to supply them with cars upon which to
transport their goods. The result has
been tnat the ships have been towed back
Into the stream, and as soon as they could
lind a berth on this Bide of the bay they
have discharged their cargoes, whicn have
been carted away to the warehouses.
Gradually the accumulated merchandise
is being moved to its destination. A car
a day to this point and a car a day to
that is the railroad's limit where the con
ditions demand that a dozen cars were
necessary where the railroad was only
able to furnish but one. .■•.:-. s
. A prominent shipper states that he sent
a ship to the Oakland railroad's Oakland
wharf last week. It had a thousand tons
of freight for the interior which it was
almost Imperative to ship by Saturday.
When an application was made for cars
the railroad officials threw up their hands
and exclaimed that it would be almost
Impossible to move a pound of the cargo,
for the reason that there was hardly an
available car at their command. They
admitted that trade had revived so rapidly
and Increased In such volume that 'they
were totally unprepared to handle the
NEW ADVERT SEMENTS.
_i_um»— ______ ii—mriiiimiiiiw i ■■«— ■
gPoorian's¥3r;aibr 6
-spff~==a^ A healthful stim-
X^tM^SSK ulant that imparts
//J>>'. : 4; .-'^Jsfe&Mk Htrengtb. aim by
fr^l^^^M^^^^^ aiding digestion
/^^Osj|/jtf^^^&Tl and quickening
l^t^^^rtSrfS*^^®} th, -\ circulation,
P^^^3j&^^^ // purifies the bloou
\ W«»W / and builda up the
\^ f teS^S&T // system without
Li.ango " —
Duffy's Pmre
Melt Whiskey
All druggists an I grocers. Avoid substitutes, they are
dangerous. Duff) has a proprietary sump en ea. h
bottle. If your dealer cannot supply you, a bottle will
be sent, prepaid, on receipt of $1.00. 6 bottles for 5.30.
Valuable book of information and testimonials
sent on application.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,Rochester,H.Y.
freight that was awaiting shipment to
the interior. The ship was moved to this
Bide of the bay and the railroad was
pleaded with for any rolling stock that
they could possibly put at the disposal
, ot the shipper, and the very best that
they could do was to move the cargo at
the rate of a carload a day, and this to
. the exclusion of a dozen other clamoring
i shippers: At this rate It will take nearly
two weeks for the railroad to move the
* cargo, where ordinarily it should not take
as many days.
The British ship Beacon Rock engaged
a berth at the Oakland wharf last week,
but before she was taken over her agents
were notified that the railroad could not
i move 'a pound of her freieht. and she
| discharged on this side. The British ship
Duchelburn and the German vessel
, Arthur Fitger were tied up at the Oak
i land wharf before their officers learned
that the railroad was unable to handle
their cargoes.'
Shippers look upon the present condi
tion as extremely annoying, and while
, it indicates the rapid approach of bet
ter times much of the advantage to the
city will be lost unless better facilities
I for moving freight are provided at once.
i the consumers of the interior demand It
and the merchants of the city must have
it in order to hold their trade.
CHANGES PLANNED TO
IMPROVE STATION D
BUILDING MUST BE ERECTED ON
THE DOLPHIN.
All the Work Will Be Performed on
One Floor and Mail Dispatch
ing Will Be Expedited.
The Postoffice authorities will request
the Board of Harbor Commissioners to
make certain improvements and changes
in and about the ferry station for the ac
commodation of Postoffice Station D
The plan now Is to have all the postal
service that is centered at the station
carried on upon' one floor. This can be
brought about by the erection of certain
buildings upon the "dolphin." as the
wharf in the rear of the station is called.
The postoffice . proper can then face on
East street and the department will all
be removed from the station and will be
placed upon the "dolphin" in the rear.
Sufficient accommodation will be given
there to provide for future wants of the
j station for years to come.
Some discussion has taken place con
cerning the amount of rent to be paid by
the Postoffice Department for the n-w
quarters. The understanding of at lea«t
one of the Harbor Commissioners is that
i the rent shall not exceed the present fig
ures, the postal authorities having set
forth thai they could not well afford to
pay more. The space on the second
floor of the ferry building, now occupied
by the station, can be rented easily.
Wells-Fargo will not remove from the
present location until Mr. Christeson re
turns. Plans have been drawn of the
new buildings to be erected for Wells-
Fargo, to the south of the ferry building.
I The delay is caused by a promise that
! nothing should be done until Mr. Christe
son returns.
Dogs in the Presidio.
Last week a lady, wife of a member of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
ts> Animals, was shocked by witnessing
a case of cruelty to a fine setter dog
which was shot, but not killed, by one of
the petty officers at the Presidio. She
complained to the secretary of the so
ciety, who wrote to Colonel H. B. Free
man at the Presidio, asking that all stray
canines on the reservation be turned over
to the society, Instead of being shot in ac
cordance with military orders. Yesterday
the following very satisfactory reply was
received from the colonel: "I will be very
glad to turn over all these strays to you,
and have Instructed the guards "to take up'
all dogs found at large, if they call .ie
caught, and will hold them until we can
notify your people to take them away."
Pacific Traffic Association.
At the meeting in this city, to be held
next Monday, for the formation, of a per
manent Pacific Coast Traffic Association,
a traffic committee will be provided tor
and this committee, in connection with
the executive head of the association, will
have charge of the executive business of
the association. The new committee will
consist of about forty members. San
Francisco, on the basis of one member
of the committee to every ten business
houses Joining the association, will be an
titled to between twenty and thirty mem
bers of the committee.
Died From His Injuries.
' Herman Levy, a bookkeeper for the
California Canning Company, living at 327
Ellis street, who accidentally, fell down
stairs Sunday night, died at the Receiving
Hospital yesterday. He was treated for a
fracture of both hones of the right leg,
but it Is now supposed he had been In
jured internally, which caused his death.
He was 45 years of age and unmarried.
His body was taken to the Morgue.
PAUSON & CO.'S TWO STORES.
(SetfsrtTiotfaL^
\t SUlf *"^
1L* W, M &mmmj}
We bought these \»uits to sell for $12.50
aod $15.00, and only reduced tbe price to
convince you of the value possibilities of
tbis store aod to give you a practical sou-
venir of its opening so you would con)e
again.
THE PRICE:
THE KJIND: ° ° 0 /
These swell suits are made of selected Sf /
serges, cheviots, tweeds aod: striped aod _F^J
checked worsteds Correctly made, nicely |T^"\ ■ ' tl
finished and fashiooed up to the minute. II A 1 vp
Tf>e Boys' Department is a wonder— big 1 1 1
assortment— little price. I 1 1
l I
DJuscnM 9_ nn
"WORLD-BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS," J J \L
918-922 Market St. I 200-204 Kearny St. c <<fe/ Q
Opposite the Emporium. I Northeast Cor. Butter. %„/
♦o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o*- j
VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! 1 1
O a
* CTm Natural Mineral Water 0
♦ GB A Natural Mineral Water q ,
O rHi with medicinal qualities, O |
o JMgffli For Indigestion and °
0 4^Pa: Stomach Disorders, o
: % JyjgK So-called VICHY ♦ j
1 jfaßaJßg IN SIPHONS %
|plq' SNOT VICHY
*' J§jp|lpJ| Get the Genuine ©
* — <$>
° f^HWSFiMinllli °
9 A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent 0
4>o4>o«>o*o<J>o«>o<s>o4>o<s>o<i>o^o^>o*o#
STATEMENT
-" OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
_" Thuringia American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner '
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politl-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.^^
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In ;
Cash ; ■...i;oo.cooon
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $225.452 33
Cash In Company's Office 34.") 31
Cash In Banks 69,500 36
! Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2.040 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 23.. "d 91
Total Assets .'...5313.886 51
LIABILITIES. »
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3193
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 2,325 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $23,219 26; reinsur-
ance 51 percent 11,609 63 i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $3,144 52; reinsur-
ance pro rata 2.740 ''6
All other liabilities 7.40S 35 |
Total Liabilities ...$ 24.114 97
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 3,708 27
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
(.tier sources 2,325 00 J
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement 100,000 00
Total income ■■■■$106.123 27
EXPEXDITL'RES.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • $905 64 j
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 4.072 72
Paid for State, National, and local
taxes 39 R.
All other payments and expenditures.. 12. ,77 22
Total Expenditures ;^JM* ■ ;
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $2,356 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums. i
Net amount of Risks! . "7;- -
written during the
year I $3.r,59.555 $30.31111 j
Net amount of Risks ,
expired during the! ,
y ear | 218,050 1,991 O ,
Net amount in force ,
December 31, IS9S ! 3,124,723 26.161 OS
F. G. VOSS. Vice Pres. I '
J. M. SMITH. Sec. \
Subscribed nnd sworn to before me this 26th ,
day of January, 1599.
* EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street, ' i
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
__ ■ . j
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IX VIGOR A- ' '
tor and Nervine. • '
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special ■
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid- '
peys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.) j
CAFE bIISSS i
wiii a. ■ i y_f ii s i«. 6c overcoat* and
Valises checked free. '
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. 1).
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Stat.- of California, pursuant to th- provisions
Of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash ...$300.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by Company $305,024 59
Cash in banks 54,365 __>
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 2,381 90
Premiums in due course of collection.. 4,6.i5 35
Total assets $366.V27 39
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense ?545 CO
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-Insurance 50 per cent 7.210 .'I
Total liabilities $8,055~01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre- •
miums $7, 7*0 30
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds stocks, loans, and from other
sources 5,203 54
Total Income $12,983 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (including
losses of previous years) $79 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1.917 61
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3, 70S 3.">
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 816 si
All other payments and expenditures.. 7.271 03
Total expenditures $13,593 70
•
F. G. VOSS, Vice President.
JNO. M. SMITH, Asst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January, 1899.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLERS DEPARTMENT,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11. 1599.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
3068 of the Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year ISS9
to-wlt:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad • Company, Northern Railway
Company. South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company. San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-California-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company,
Gualala River Railroad Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway
Company, San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, ', per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at
6 o'clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday In January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at th»
Capitol, prior thereto. ." per cent will be added
to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
MIX CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange shows some variation. Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower and Barley rather easier.
Oats firm, with a fair demand. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Some wet Hay coming in. FeeVstuffs unchanged.
Beans continue firm aud active.
Potatoes firmer and Onions weaker.
Prices for Summer Vegetables getting nominal,
Butter continues to advance. Eggs firm, and Cheese higher
Five cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game declined under larger receipts.
Wine Grapes firmly held, but quiet. Lemons lower.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Cottolcne advanced. Otherwise Provisions are unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Charters.
The Alden Besse loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Marion Chilcott loads Lumber nt
Chemair.us for Sydney, 43s 9d.
The Waterloo loads Wheat on the Sound for
Eutope, 4os.
Fruit aud Salmon in Loudon.
There Is a continued good demand for Cali
fornia fruits in London, says the Grocers'
Gazette, and prices are unchanged except for i
Pears, which are dearer, and the limited sup
ply of which is becoming more and more ap
parent. A fair business has been done in
BolmonJ both on spot and to arrive, and al
though the pack in the aggregate has been
a very fair one. the probability is that the
market will remain firm, even if lt does not
Improve, as the high cost ot production, com
blhed with the increased cost of tins and high
lreight?, lead to the assumption that sellers
wilt not offer at lower rates than are now
ruling.
Our Foreign Commerce.
Tb.- figures furnished by the Bureau of . Sta
tistics of the Treasury Department show that
the foreign commerce of the I'nited States
for this calendar year will exceed In volume
that of any previous year in the history of
the country, with a slight decrease in the
balance in favor of the I'nited States from
that of 1898. The imports of merchandise- in
September amounted to $70,46L355 and the ex
ports to $110,437,635. Of gold the imports were
$2 572,028 and the exports $1,056,749: of sliver.
imports $2,040,914 and exports $3,622,149. The
imports of merchandise for the nine months
en. l'd September 30 Mere $585,736,106, against
$463,378,955 iti September. IS9S. The experts
■were $:•■ 3.025.505, against $569,278,144 a year ago.
The imports for the year ended September 30
were $745,321,599; for the previous year, $629. :
219.281; exports. $1,2X9,296,630; previous year,
$1,222,748,281. The grand total of imports and
exports for the nine months ended Septem
ber 30 is $1.4*8.764,614: excess of exports. $317,
--292,402; for the same period in IS9S. $1,344,657,090;
excess of exi". rts. $393,899,189. The grand total
for the year ended September 30 Is $2,034,618,
--22:': excess of exports, ?543,935.031; in 1898,
$1,5"d.:.'>.22-.; excess of exports, $593,529,666.
Dried Fruit in Xew York.
The New York Commercial says:
■"Dried lruits, as a rule, have apparently
shaken off iheir lethargy and business is ac
tive, as usual at this season. The sale of
a number of important varieties is larger
than usual at this time, and demand con
tinues to increase. The effect on prices is
to keep them firm and cause an advancing
tendency in all departments. Actual im
provement in some lines has been marked,
and holders arc very confident ol further in
crease in quotations.
"The raisin situation is complicated. High
prices forced buyers to seek supplies in
Europe, but unexpected demand has com
pellc.i l.obius there to put up prices, so
that now Yaleneias cost as much as domes
tic goods, and as fully as difficult to obtain
ln sufficient quantities, owing partly to the
leluctance of holders to sell on a rising
market, and partly to the fact that Eng
lish buyers are taking about everything
they can get. The indications now ar*- that
no further price concessions will be possible
en either side the ocean. 'Loose' Muscatels
are not showing *:ny special activity, but a
number of smail lots have been sold, and ne
g.ittntior.s for large blocks are in process of
negotiation; but so far as could be learned
nothing was closed yesterday.
"Orders f< r the four sizes of Prunes are >*-
ing turned down. Only three sizes are obtain
able, and buyers hardly feel like stocking
heavily with one size missing. Nineties are
already at a substantial premium and are
likely to be higher, unless unexpected sup
plies c jicp into the mark.-t. Demand increases
steadily nnd the pric? ] s W ell maintained. The
crop of three sizes is large, but 90s are scarce
nnd larger siz.-s also, making a difficult com
plication for the broker and commission men
to meet.
"Peaches continue firm and high, with prices
tending upward on substantially all grades.
No large sales are reported, but there Is a
steady absorption of supplies, which will
epeedlly exhaust first hand holdings."
Weather Report.
(12^'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 16. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62 1 Independence fit
Ited Blurt 6s Los Angeles : 76
facramento f,\ San Diego 70
Fresno o;,Yuma 7S
San Luis Obispo 72i
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C 4; minimum. 60; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Montana
nnd Assinlbola. It has fallen slowly over
Northern California and Northern Nevada.
The temperature has risen over the entire Pa
clflc slope. Conditions are more lavorable for
drying fruit in the valleys than for a week
past.
Rain has fallen along the coast from Eureka
n.rthward. and very light showers may occur
to-night in the extreme northern portion of
the State.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland, 40 miles per hour, from
the s.uth; WlnnemuccaJ 2s miles, southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 17, 1899:
For Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday,
with light showers in extreme northern por
tion: southeasterly, changing to southwesterly,
winds.
For Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.'
For Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; warmer.
For Arizona— Fair Tuesday; warmer.
For San Fran'is.-o and vicinity— Cloudy in
the morning; fair Tuesday; fresh westerly
•winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
» —
IP EASTERN MARKETS
EASTERN MARKETS.
i\ew if one stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— The . stock market
showed a firm undertone all day and ended
with a vigorous upward movement in progress
In a number of prominent slocks, which ar .
rested reactionary tendency and made the
closing hrm. Net grains exceed a point In
only a few oases. The principal activity was
In the prominent specialties, Brooklyn Transit
continuing to attract a large share of atten
tion. There were renewed efforts to depress
the stock, but the support was too strong.
Sugar nnd tobacco, the latter selling ex
divldend, rose at one point 3% each, but did
not rave all their rain. Great Northern pre
ferred and Pullman continued their recent
show of en; th, the former rising S% and 5%
net. Pullman's extreme rise was. 6% and its
tiet gain 2. Metropolitan. Consolidated Gas
o:id Third-avenue were strong, but the latter
lost all Its gain. Southern Pacitic was the
leader of the late rally, after falling to 36 and
was marked up vigorously to 37%. St. Paul
attained a net advance of a point. The Balti
more and Ohio stocks were strong. London's,
active dealings here were very small, but the
firmness there and the lower rate for money
in London had a sentimental Influence here.
So had the good showing made by the Bank
of Germany. The rise In the private discount
rate in Berlin •suggested, however, that the
bank's recuperation was mac at the expense
of the open market. The decline in discount
In London was reflected in an easier tone for
Fterllng exchange rates. But higher money
rates are expected ,in London and that Ex
pectation ls a factor In the speculative out
look here. Money rates hero continue rather
easier, call loans ruling at 6 per cent or be
low. There was less demand for call loans.
Tbo amount of money disbursed by the sub
treasury on Interest account to-day, accord
ing to preliminary estimates, did not exceed
$200,000. This included not only the anticipated
interest of November 1 and for the fiscal year,
but also a considerable sum of overdue inter
est. This factor was therefore not a large
one in the easier tone of the money market.
The sub- treasury, however, had a debit bal
ance of over a million dollars at the Clearing
house on account of payment of Government
obligations. No drain is apparent thus far
from the banks into the sub-treasury on ac
count of routine operations this week.
Deposits at the sub-treasury for transfers to
other points show that the interior demand fur
| money is not yet satisfied.
The bond market continued mostly active
and somfcof the Southwestern issues moved up
ward. Total sales, par value, $1,775,000.
United States 2s advanced ■ but the 3s de
clined % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Rid.
1,4';0 Atchinson 20%
12,500 Atchison prefd 62 T S
3,050 Baltimore & Ohio oo
! Canadian Pacific 91%
Canada Southern 61%
2.6'K) Chesapeake i- Ohio 25%
2.040 Chicago Great Western 14
8,000 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy.... 130
100 Chicago, lnd & Louisville 11%
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 43
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94%
Chicago & Northwestern 165%
1,850 Chicago, Rock Island ii Pacific 112%
10.020 C CC &!St Luiis 58%
1,000 Colorado Southern 4%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 42 -
240 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
64S Delaware & Hudson 120%
1.400 Delaware, Lack ,fc Western 1!>7%
200 Ik-nver & Rio Grande 20%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73%
Erie y:\
200 Erie Ist prefd 35%
4.^'70 Great Northern prefd 177
Hocking Coal 174
Hocking Valley 30
... Illinois Central 112%
lowa Central 13
lowa Central prefd £6
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf . g
•• 1-ike Erie & Western is
340 Lake Erie & Western prefd 80%
Lake Shore 205
6,650 Louisville & Nashville ."JJ'.~M%
5.240 Manhattan Elevated 106%
3,510 Metropolitan Street Railway 193
LOOO Mexican Central , 131^
100 Minneapolis <fc St Louis 72
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94U
3,100 Missouri Pacific 4334
100 Mobile ,<: Ohio .44
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 12%
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 37%
500 New Jersey Central lis
2.425 New York Central 134.V,
KH) Norfolk & Western 24
1.070 Norfolk & Western prefd 68%
4.300 Northern Pacific 52%
1.050 Northern I'acitlc prefd 73%
1,210 Ontario ft Western 24%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75
3,6<») Pennsylvania 130*^
100 Reading 20U,
3,200 Reading Ist prefd 57%
Reading 2d prefd 31'
Rio Grande Western 3714
Rio Grande Western prefn go
500 St I>iuis & San Francisco 103^
SW St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd.. 68
St Louis ft San Francisco 2d prefd.. 35%
500 St Louis, Southwestern 13
4.650 St Louis, Southwestern prefd.... 31%
8,632 St Paul 124%
100 .-■ Paul prefd 190%
St Paul & Omaha 117
30,350 Southern Pacific 37%
710 Southern Railway 11%
2,915 Southern Railway prefd 52%
120 Texas & Pacific ]>' ,
4,000 Union I'acitlc 431,4
2.012 Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash 7'i
1.250 Wabash "prefd 20%
2.750 Wheeling & L E UU
1,400 Wheeling & I. E 2d prefd 30
Wisconsin Central ly-^
Express Companies
Adams 114
American 147
United States ,-•
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous..
300 American Cotton Oil 4334
ioo American Cotton Oil prewd 95
400 American Malting 131^
410 American Malting prefd 57;..
1.300 American Smelting .v R 3(j *
3,200 American Smelting & R prefd 86%
American Spirits 3:-:,
.... American Spirits prefd 20
1,150 American Steel Hoop 43
200 American Stee] Hoop pref ! 84".
7,000 American Steel & Wire 52%
120 American Steel & Wire prefd 95
1,300 American Tin Plate 37
K2 American Tin Plate nrtfd 85%
23.213 American Tobacco 118%
American Tobacco prefd 144'
3.170 Anaconda Mining Co 1 '.i
•V.O'.'O Brooklyn Rapid Transit 527
--1.525 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54^
4, ('60 Continental Tobacco 4114
4"0 Continental Tobacco prefd 92i»
9.4. Federal Steel M v
120 Federal Steel prefd 77
600 General Electric !1 <
Glucose Sugar JJ 61%
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
1.030 International Paper 21 1 *
360 International Paper prefd . J." 1" . *
2.150 Laclede Gas 7314
125 Natitnal Biscuit 421^,
185 National Biscuit prefd J.J 56
National Lead .'.'.'.'. 2',%
151 National Lead prefd J JJ'" no'
1,050 National Steel JJ' 59
2V, National Steel prefd " 9434
310 New York Air Brake .JJ JJl4l
500 North American "" 1571
pacific Coast ;;;;"• 4 :j
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ' m "
Pacific < :oasl 2d prefd "" ■-,
1,350 Pacific Mall ••-■— Vs ,
4.1"' People's las ' " '"{(■, I
310 Pressed Steel Car 571 V !
185 Pressed Steel < Jar prefd JJJJJJJJJ . J
334 Pullman Palace Car >....JJJJJ'2Oi x/ '■
Standard Rope & Twine * ,'■■' !
62,947 Sugar ."."!J!143% i
450 Sugar prefd ll" I
2,160 Tennessee Coal ft Iron JJJJJ'II6 !
4,625 United States Leather "" 1414!
1,900 United States Leather prefd... "" -, - ■
140 I'nited states Rubber '.'.'.JJ 4(;.y
150 United States I lubber prefd.. .J!!!!!ii2"*
431 Western Union "" 37
1,000 Republic Iron & Steel J" 27
665 Republic Iron & Steel prefd,. . " 7,
p C c & St l ,-; 7214
3:0.7' Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100% ML X & T 2nd5.... 68
Do 3s reg 10714 Do 4s 93
Do 3s coup 108 N J Cent gen 55. .120%
Do new 4s reg.. 128% North C 6a 127
Do new 4s c0up. .129%; Do 4s 104
Do old Is rep — Ill's N Pacific lsts .. 113
Do old 4s c0up. .112 j Do 3s eg
Do 6s reg 110%: Do 4s 102
Do 5s coup 111% N Y. C & 3 L 45. .104
Dist of Col 3 655. .117 Nor & West con4s. 92
Alabama, class A. llO Do gen 0s ;:)-,
Do, class H ... IM Or Nay lsts 115
Do, class C 100 Do 4s 102%
Do, currency 100 Or S Line 6s 126%
Atch gen 4 s 98% Do con f.s 114
Do adj 4s 86 Reading Gen 45... 56%
Can So 2nd3 108 R G West lsts.... 97
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 94%S L & I M con 6s.UO
Lo !>7- 11S%:S L & S F gen 124«
Chi & n con 75. ..148 St Paul cons .... 168
Do S F deb 65.. .105% st P. C & lac Utsl'iu
Clii Terminal .... 9S I Do .... 120%
Den & R G 1ata. ..103 ISO Ry 5s 1 ■,_■..
Do '- 89 9 R & *: Ps 79
E Term, V &Glstslo34 Term new settle-
Erie Gen 4h 70% menl 3s 93
F, W ft D C lsts.. 77% Tex & Pac 15t?.... 114
Gen Elect 6s 116 Do 2nd* ... ; -;
0H& S A 85.... KB Union !■:„■ 4 S ....10gU
,. D ? ?? ds A 11" Wabash lsts 115%
H & Tex Cent Sail Do 2nds 100
.Do con 6s 108 West Shore "45".*.!112%
lowa Cent lsts ...111 Wis '".lit lsts ....75
Kan C. P & Gists 70% Va Centuries '.'.'. S6
J- 8 - new con is 106 Do deferred 5
L &. N unified 4s. 99% Colo So Is '" «5
N v Cent lata ....niv
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 351 Ontario .750
Crown Point 15 Ophir .. 05
Con al ft Va 160 Plymouth".".". oh
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver .. 150
Gould & Curry-... 33 Do prefd ....."" 650 i
Hale & Norcroaa .. 35! Sierra Nevada!" 63
Homestake 65 00 Standard JJJJJsco
Iron Silver 53! Union (v, ""' 35
Mexican 201 Yellow Jacket..'.'.".'! 25
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IT, 1599.
j BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Land 5
! Call loans 607 West End 94
; Cime loans I 01, Do prefd 115
Stocks— West Electric .... 47
Atch, Tft St Fe...*20% Bonds-
Do prefd 62% Atchison 4s 98
American 5ugar.. .143% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 116% Adventure 6%
I Bell Telephone ....37] Allouez Mining Co 4%
Boston & Albany. 24s Atlantic 26%
j Boston Elevated... 105 ' Boston & Montana34s
Boston & Maine. .l 99 Butte & Boston... 73
Chi, Bur & Q 130 i Calumet & Hecla.7so
Ed Elec, 11l 208 Centennial 26%
Fitchburg prefd. ...ll;. Franklin 17
Federal Steel 54' i Humboldt _"_
Do prefd 77% Osceola 81%
General Electric. ..llß Parrot 44%
Do prefd 139 Quincy 153
Mexican Central... 12% Santa Fe Copper 10%
pid Colony  205 Tamarack 210
I Old Dominion 29 Wolverines 40
Rubber 46% Utah 35
Union Pacific 43%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Money on call, steady,
nt 4%<gfi per cent; last Kan. 4%; prime mercan
tile paper, 5%'J76 per cent; sterling exchange,
easier, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 86@4 SO% for demand and at $4 52%(f?4 82%
for slxtv days; posted rates, $4 83% and $4 87%;
commercial bills, $4 81%: silver certificates,
58%(fi59c; bar silver. 58c; Mexican dollars, 47c;
Government bonds, irregular; State bonds, in
-1 active; railroad bonds, irregular.
1
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
This was an idle day In the markets here, busi
ness being Interrupted by the Lord Mayor's
Trans' demonstration, which the exchange
members attended en masse. The markets re
mained solid, awaiting war news, consols
were firm at 104.
American securities were steady but stagnant
throughout [he session.
Spanish 4's were Ou*;,; Tintos, 48%; Anacondas,
10 1-16; L'tahs, 7%.
The Hank of England bought £158,000 gold In
German coin, £ IS, OOO ln French and £11,000 in
bars, while £5000 me in from Portugal
Money was very easy, but dealings in bills
brisk. ■
The fortnightly copper statistics show a de
crease of 2754 tons In stocks and a decrease of
2154 ln supplies.
CLOSING.
LONDON Oct. 16, 4 p. m.— Canadian Pacific,
93%; Union Pacific preferred. 7714; Northern Pa-
c C preferred, 76%: Atchison. 21%: Grand
Trunk, 7%: Anaconda, 10; bar silver, dull,
26 H-l6d; money, 232% ]>er cent.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $285,304,834; gold reserve,
$255,650,132.
. === " »
New York Grain and Produce. I
* . — *
NEW YORK. Oct .16— FLOUR— Receipts.
29,175; exports, 10.144. Quiet but firm, with low
grades still tending upward on scarcity; closed
steady.
WHEAT -Receipts, 113.750; exports. 100,697.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 76% cf. o. b. afloat: No.
1 Northern Duluth, 79% c f. 0. b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 81% cto arrive; No. 2
red, 71%e elevator. Options opened weak at a
decline of % under unsatisfactory cables . and
foreign selling, rallied partially In local cover
ing. following disappointing receipts, and
again turned weak upon the publication of the
visible supply statement, which showed -
i larger growth than expected, the increase be-
I ing 3,074.000 bushels. At the lowest prices the
! market showed a decline of %c. Local cover
ing caused a partial rally later. Closed steady,
with prices r.'nJ'-r net decline. March closed
at 79% c; December, 76 1-16076 7-luc, closed at
76%0.
HlDES— Steady.
WOO L— Dull.
METALS— In the local market buyers were
conspicuous by their absence. Throughout the
day business was practically at a standstill,
with the close showing a weak undertone and
nomina prices. Such news as received from
I the West and abroad conveyed but little in
| centive to either sellers or buyers here. At the
I close the Metal Ex thai called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull and nominal at
ns.
! LAKE COPPER— DuII at $18 25,
1 TIN— Easy with sellers at $32 05.
i LEAD— Quiet, $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
; SHELTER.— Quiet, $5 10 bid and $5 4.". asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
j copper $18.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, net un
changed to five points higher. Sales, 11,250
bags, including: November, 14 5504 60; De
cember. $4 7004 75; March, $4 95; May, $5 10;
September, $5 23'5T5 3" Spot Coffee— Rio, steady
but quiet; No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 jobbing
6%c: mild, steady: Cordova, 6%@11%c
SUGAR— Raw, steady to" firm; fair refining,
3 13-l6c: centrifugal, 96 test. 4 5-16 c; molasses
sugar, 3 9-16 c. Refined— Quiet, but steady.
BUTTER Receipts, 77:.x packages; steady;
Western, 17024 c; June creamery, 19022% C.
EGGS— Receipts, 9025 packages; steady;
Western. 15<@ 19c.
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, 7%08%c; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
9®9%C.
PRUNES- 3 1
APRICOTS Royal. 12014 c; Moorpark, 14016 c.
PEACHES- -Unpeeled, 7%©9 c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. Wheat opened weak with
the sentiment decidedly bearish. Everything
seemed to be against the bulls. The drought
in the Southwest was reported completely
■ broken, world's shipments exceeded European
requirements by over a million bushels and
the Indications were that the visible supply
when completed would show a heavy Increase,
while the amount on ocean passage had in
creased a million bushels. Under those con
ditions the bulla became thoroughly disheart
ened and left the bears in full control of the
market, although the latter were not Inclined
, to push their advantage to any great extent.
The market ruled dull the greater part of the
session, while fractions were steadily scaled
off the price until the last hour, when shorts
were tempted to cover, and on buying of that
j kind there was a quick rally of %c from the
i bottom. The Improvement was only tempor
ary, however, as the support was 8008 with-
I drawn ahd at the close the market was headed
I downward again, closing within : i"' : 'v of the
j bottom of the day's range. High ocean rates
I and an advance in rates east of Buffalo helped
i the decline. December opened %c lower at
71%(a71%e. sold sparingly at 71% c, declined to
71'<,fi71%c, rose to 71% c ami closed with sellers
at 71% c.
Large receipts and a falling ofT In the for
eign demand at the seaboard weakened corn
at the opening. A smaller Increase la the
visible than expected and a belief that the wet
weather prevailing throughout the West would
retard the movement encouraged heavy buy
i ing after about an hour and a half of weak
ness, and the early decline was partly re
covered. December closed with buyers at
30%@30%0. *
Oats were weak early In sympathy with
wheat and corn, but turned strong later on
buying Induced by large clearances and a de
crease in, local stocks. December closed, at
22-%<*7*>22'%c.
Provisions ruled heavy throughout, starting
at moderate decline and Increasing the loss
as the session advanced. Too many bogs and
lower prices at the yards were the depressing
influences. Packers .-.ld heavily. January
pork closed 10«?12%c lower; January lard ",^,'it
10c lower ftnd January ribs 7%c lower at $4 90
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 70 70 69% 69%
December 71% 71% 71% 71%
: May 74% 74% 74% 74%
■ Corn No. 2—
October 31 31% 30% 31%
December 31 21 30% 30%
May 32 32% 31% 32
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 2'V4 22 7 4
May 24% 24% 24 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
December 8 05 8 05 795 7 97%
January 945 9 47% 940 940
Lard, per 100 pounds—
December 5 27% 6 27% 6 22% 6 22%
January 640 540 535 5 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 4 82% 4 82% 477% 47714
January 4 92% 4 92% 490 490
cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 69®70%c; No 3
spring wheat. 64 '•;•'.!'<•; No. 2 red, 71(fi)72%c; No
2 corn, 31%f(i32c; No. 2 oats, 22% c; No 2 white
25% c: No. 3 white. 24%<&25c; No. 2 rye, 56% c'
No. 2 barley. 33%'?44c; No. 1 flaxseed,' $1 27;
Northwest, $1 27: prime timothy seed, $2 30
--mess pork, per barrel, $7 90@7 95; lard, per 100 j
pounds. $5 27%©5 30; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 8505 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $60!
6 12%; short clear sides (boxed), $5 50®5 60;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
$1 23.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 156,000 17,000
Corn, bushels 568,600 1,576.00:)
Oats, bushels 371,000 495.000
Rye, bushels c^oOO 34,000
Barley, bushels 80,000 83,00")
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, 15f?23c; dairy, 13%
(ffl9c. Eggs, steady, 16% c. Cheese, strong, 11%
@12% c.
• ♦
• Foreign Futures.
« 1,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening' c 1% 6 2U 6 2%
Closing 61 62 % 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ; 19 no 19 90
Closing 1S 95 1995
Flour — !
Opening 25 00 26 o'} I
Closing 25 15 26 10
Chicago Livestock Markei.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— CATTLE— There was a
good demand for choice to-day at strong prices,
but common grades ruled slow and unchanged.
Good to fancy grades brought $5 80!§>7; common
to medium, 34 5005 75; stockers and feeders.
$3 8004 80; bulls. $2-g:4 30; range steers, $3 90@
6 10; Texans, $3 5004 15; calves, $407 16.
HOGS— supply exceeded the demand and
prices declined fully sc. Fair to prime lots,
' $4 22%@4 50; heavy packers, $3 8604 20; mixed.
$4 'd 4 .'..".; butchers', (4 2504 60: common to good
lightweights. $4 2004 60; pigs, $3 7504 25.
SHEEP— was a fairly good and active
demand and prices ruled steady for good stocks,
but weakened on others, sales being made of
sheep at $3 1504 and lambs $3 2506 25; Western
range sheep brought $3 2503 90 and feeders $3 *■>
©3 70. Only a few lambs sold above $5.
Receipts— 1S.000; hogs, 35,000; sheep,
22,000.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— Consols. 1O3%01O4; silver,
26 11-16 d; French rentes. 1001 32%c©1001 35c;
wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes
on passage, easy for white, quiet for red: Eng
lish country markets, quieter; imports of wheat
Into United Kingdom, 387,000 qrs; do flour, 344,- .
000 qrs; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 1,990,000 qrs; do Continent, 1,420,000
qrs: Indian shipments of wheat to Continent,
3000 □ rs .
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 16.— WHEAT— Easy; wheat
in Paris, firm: flour ln Paris, firm; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 2*)-32d.
x CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. - red Western winter
easy. 6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring easy, 6s 3%d.
Futures quiet; December, 6s id; March, Cs 2%d;
May, i's 2%d. ,
CORN— American mixed. 3s 10% d. Futures —
Oc.tober quiet, 3s 10% d; November steady, 3s
9; ' d; December steady, 3s 9%d.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, October 14, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 47.289.000 bushels; Increase 3,074,000.
Corn 15,060.000 bushels; Increase, 315,000. Oats,
7,069.000 bushels; increase, 439,000. Rye, 819,000
bushels: Increase, 13,000. Barley. 2,210,000 bush.
els; Increase, 370,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. Clearings, $474,709; bal
ances, $86,891.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 16.— Over two hundred cars
of wheat were received to-day, but as nearly
all of it was old business, had no effect on the
present situation so far as prices are concerned. i
The markets were weaker all around to-day j
and most of the local dealers were holding off
temporarily. Quotations for wheat are strictly
nominal at 57058 c for Walla Walla and 5Sc for 1
Valley; Bluestem, 60c.
Cleared— British ship Drumburton, with 62.525
bushels barley and 55,3*^5 bushels wheat; British
ship Amphrltrite, with 96,232 bushels wheat,
both for Queenstown.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87% .
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — id j
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 48®48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 68%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market was lower, both on and
off call.
Chicago was dull and weaker, with few
buyers and the crowd bearish and short. The
visible supply increased 3,000,000 bushels, ex
clusive of the lakes and canal. Buyers held off
for lower prices.
Later on the market became a shade firmer,
and Wall street bought moderately on the
break.
Spot Shipping, $1 07%-§ l 0894; milling.
$1 1001 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— l2.ooo ctls
$1 11%; 2000, $1 12%; 36.000, $1 12. May—
! $1 17%; 24.000, $1 17%.
I Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 12%.
May— 2000, $1 17%: 36,000, $1 17%.
Regular morning session— December— 6ooo ctls
$1 12%. May— 2000, $1 17%.
After:. session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%.
BARLEY— The market was dull and easy.
Feed. 80@85c; Brewing, 90@97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session No sales.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— The market continue! firm with a fair
demand. White, $1 05W1 25; Red, $105^?117^;
Gray, $1 K@l 15; Black, 93C??$l 05.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $106(0110;
White, $1 it.'.m 10; mixed. $1 02%ffil 07% per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at !T>c'osl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, .$3 40«3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 2503 40 for bakers, and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $1 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4'd4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 05@6 45; in sacks, $5 85@6 25;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Hay market continues firm with a good
demand, though there is considerable wet
stock arriving. How much damage the recent
rain did remains to be seen. .
Feedstuff:; remain as before.
BRAN— SI 7 SOffilS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $IS@lB 50 per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. ?26&27: Jobbing.
$27 50(ff28; Cocoanut Cake, $2u^2l; Cornmeal.
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed.
|16«91< 50; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton. f
HAY— Wheat, $7CS 50 for common to good
and $9 25^9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6 50
©9; Oat, $6 50118 M; Barley. $5@7; Island Barley,
$s(pfi; Alfalfa, $li'_j_ 50 per ton; Compressed,
$6 50@9.
STRAW— 2S®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The firmness in Beans continues, and buyers
are still active in search of supplies. '
BEANS— Hayes. $2 10«|2 25; small white. $2 50
62 60; large white, $2 20W2 30: Pinks, $2® 2 10;
Reds, $3 50@3 76; Blackeve. $3 7.0 )3 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $4 75; Pea. $2 6002 C 2%; Red
Kidneys, $2 2502 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2%®3c; Yellow
Mustard, 3%'£4c: Flax, nominal: Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp. 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4(&~4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 75 1
@1 S5 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes show more strength, but Onions are
quoted easier. There is no particular change
in Vegetables.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60@70c; Early Ros»
40©60 c; Burbanks. 60@75c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c®$115: Oregon Burbanks, 70085 c:
Sweet Potatoes, 87%@51 for Rivers and $1 25 for
Merced.
ONIONS— 4O®66c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2%@4c per lb;
String Beans, 2@3%c; Lima Beans. 3%@5c;
Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 25®40c; Eg* Plant.
50®75c; Green Okra. per box; Dried Okra,
12% c per lb; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, ' ■'"
90c per box; Carrots, 30@40c per sack; Cu
cumbers, SOc; Summer Squash, 50@65c; Mar
rowfat Squash, $S®lo per ton; Green Corn, $1
@1 25 per crate and 25c@$l per sack.
Poultry and Game.
Everything was in liberal receipt yesterday.
The week opened with five cars of Eastern
Poultry at hand, while the Game market was
much lower under free arrivals. The Eastern
Poultry sold well, considering 'J>.e large amount
in sales being reported at $5 50®6 50 for Aena,
Sofeo 5.i for young Roosters. $5 for old do, 1.3(1?
3 50 for Broilers, $3 50@4 for Fryers and 15®16c
for Turkeys. 7, 7*
POULTRY— Turkeys. 13®14c for Gob
blers and 13® 14c for Hens; Young Turkeys, l.V.i
17,- Geese," per pair. $1 ■;'-': Goslings, $1 <o®2;
Ducks $4*js for old and $4 6006 for young;
Hens, $i"'is 50; Young Roosters, $I®s;
Old Roosters. $4®4 50; Fryers, $3 50404: Broilers,
$3 25@3 60 for large, $3®3 25 for small; Pigeons,
51 25(fil 50 per dozen for eld and $1 ."'"■( 1 75 for
Squabs
GAME— Quail. $1 75®2: Mallard. $6@7: Can
vasback, ; Sprig, $4*75 50; Teal, $3 s('fis;
Widgeon, $3®4; Small Duck, $2®3: Doves, 60®)
85c per dozen: Hare, $150; Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails and $1 25 for small: Gray Geese, $3
©3 50; White,. $150; Brant. $1 50®2 25: English
Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 25&1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter was higher again.
There was no further advance In Eggs, but
they were firm and in light supply, fine ranch
Eggs being particularly scarce. Dealers are do
ing a rushing trade in Eastern Eggs nowadays.
Cheese is higher and in reduced supply.
BUTTER
Creamery— Creamery, 29@'30c; seconds,
2Sc.
Dairy— 26@27c; good to choice, 24925 c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22®24c; firkin. 21®22%c; creamery
tub, 22%@24c.
Eastern 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c; old,
10% c; Young America, ll%c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS— at 22%@30c for store and 35(3
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 26®2Jc for
selected, 23®25c for No. 1 and 20®22%c for sec
onds. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is very little new in this market now
adays, as usual at the close of the season. Wine
Grapes are firmly held up to the steep prices,
but buyers purchase grudgingly. Table Grapes
are In letter supply and quiet, but no lower.
Tree fruits show little change. Berries get
; scarcer day after day, and supplies of Melons
are also light.
Lemons are slightly lower and Limes are
! easy.
i . TDU( FRUITS—
Apples, 85@50< per box for common and 60c@
I $1 25 for good to choice.
' BERRlES— Blackberries. $6 per chest; Straw-
I berries, $9®lo per chest for small and $2 50®5
for large berries; Raspberries, |s@B per chest;
Huckleberries, 4@7c per lb; Wisconsin Cran
berries. $6 50<g>7 50 per bbl : Cape Cod Cranber-
I ries, $7 50(&S; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50 per
barrel.
Grapes. 35<!$50c for Black. 40<"?50o for Muscat.
40.f(65c for Tokay, 50@65c for Cornlchon; crates
sell lo@lsc higher; Wine Grapes, $24<*&27 per ton
for Zinfandel, $23@24 for other black and $IS@22
for White.
Cantaloupes. Jl@l 50 per crate; Nutmegs, 75c
(E?sl Pel box.
Pomegranates, 40fjfi0c per box.
1... i5. Bartlett, $1 25 per box; Winter Pears,
COcfaJl 25 per box.
Figs, s c"tisl per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches, 75c05l 15 per box.
Plums. 50c(??$l per box and crate.
Quinces, 40 i7.'-c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, $I^2 for com
mon and J3@3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, 56-177; California Limes, Jl@l 25; Ba
nanas, $1 50fi'2 60 per bunch; Pineapples. JUtf
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The situation remains unchanged. All fruits
are selling well, even Prunes, but the latter
lack the firmness shown by the other kinds.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4%c for
40-50's. 4^c for 50-60's. 3%c for 60-70's, 3Vic
for 70-So's. 2%c for 80-90' s and 2,i.<Ti2%c for
90-100' Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12%@16c for
Moorparks and 12<??14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
s>2**f(6c for Standards, 6Slt"c for choice and 7"^
@8c for fane) . peeled Peaches, llfti3c; Evapo
| rated Apples, 6.i7V. Sun-dried, 4V4@=c per lb;
| Nectarines, "'..cc per Ib for red and B_9c for
i white; Pears. i;c./v for quarters and B@] for
! halves; Black Figs. 3<s4c; White Figs, • •.;>■'..
I Plums, (y.(6' ; c for pitted and l'..';2'- ■ for tin
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice 9c; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib, SVfcc; choice, 7Vic; standard. I *•_.-;
prime, sc. unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless, i
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown, 4 c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers. 2
erown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. *2. Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. Stic for standards and B*ie
for softshell: Almonds. 10H'6Tl%c for paper
shell. S(g9c for soft and 4@sc for hardshell;
Peanuts, 5%06%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. S>i(f<;9c: Filberts, ll@ll%c;
Pecans. TV* 1 : Cocoanuts, $4 SOgS.
HONEY -Comb. 11M;C for bright and lOt^c for
! light amber; water white extracted, 7U*97M:C:
light amber extracted, 6>-fc(g7c; dark, 6&c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24{f26c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene is higher. No other changes.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
S^tglOc for light medium, llVfcc for light, 13c for
extra light and 13M;C for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, He; California Hams, 134 c; i
Mess Beef, Sll per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam- j
ily. $11: extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear. '
%_>'• 50: mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6ftc per lb for
compound and 7'-_-c for pure; half barrels pure
8c: 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lh tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE-Tleroes, 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Taliow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll#ll%c: medium, 10% c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9%@10c; Stags, 6c; Salted Klp, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands'
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins. yearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool. 35®60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $202 25 for
large and $1 !6©l 50 for small: Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, \'.y. ■,:„• per lb; No.
2 4©4% c; refined, : grease, 2'(i2%c.
'WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 94}ii;jo
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8010 c; do
plains, 7(gSc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7 1 . /".-; Northern free, 10@12c; do, defect
ive, 7%iffloc per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 10@12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Trices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for. Steers and 6%©7 c
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B®B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@6%c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5%<?j5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%(g'5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; Wool,
Bags. 26&28 c; Fruit Bags, 5%c. 5%c and
the three grades of white and 7&7% c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and
$10 75 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, *9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and
$14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A < rushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu-
I lated, 4%c; Confectioners' A. 4%c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C. 4%c; Golden
; C, 4%c: barrels, l-10c more: half barrels, %c
more; boxes, %c more; 50-th bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
5%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 16.
Flour, qr sks 21,000 Wool, bags 266
Wheat, ctls 1.030 Hops, bales &
Barley, ctls 6, 3851 Hay, tons Sll
Oats, ctls 810 Straw, tons 15
East Corn, ct15. ...1,200 Lime, bbls 332
Butter, ctls 110( Sugar, bbls 5,350
Tallow, ctls 308 1 Raisins, bxs 624
Rye. ctls 950, Sugar, sks 2555
]:.:, sks ... — 3,411 I Quicksilver, risks. 112
Potatoes, sks 6,126 leather, rolls 11:!
Onions, sks ...... 39 1 j Wine, gals 14,400
Bran, sks 1,570 Eggs, doz 4 290
Mustard, sks 482! Pelts, bdls 160
Middlings, sks.... 5001 Hides, No 210
OREGON.-
Oats, ctls 900 Wool, bales 17
Potatoes, sks .... 151
THE STOCK MARKET
Business was dull In securities on the morn
ing session. Gas and Electric dropped to $60®
61 25, while Hana Plantation was her at
$13 25®13 and Giant Powder at $80 50081 25.
Business continued quiet In the afternoon,
with no pronounced fluctuations.
Mining stocks showed no material change.
though the feeling was weak In a number. The
telegram from the pump said: "At 7 o clock
this morning the water was 100 feet and 2
inches below the 1950 level station. No. 2 ele
vator has been running continuously."
Lady Washington is assessed sc.
At the annual meetings of the Con. Cal. &
Va. and Exchequer yesterday the old directors
and officers were unanimous.? re-elected.
The annual meeting of the Alpha Con
solidated Mill and Mining Company has been
called for October 31.
The report of the Con. Cal. & Va. mine for
the week ending October 14 is as follows: 1400
Advanced the south drift from the west
drift from the shaft 19 feet; total length, 44
feet; formation, clay, quart/, and porphyry.
1650 Necessary repairs telng made. 1750
level— south drift from the west drift from
the main northwest drift has been cleaned out
and timbered 37 feet; total length. 330 feet.
ISOO level— The west crosscut ! on this level,
SO feet from the winze station, has been ex
tended 13 feet in hard rock; total length. 184
feet. This crosscut will now be steped. From
this crosscut 52 feet in from its mouth a south
drift will be started to-day (October 14). From
the south drift west crosscut 2 was advanced
17 feet; total length, 55 feet. It has continued
in a quartz formation yielding assays from
$1 25 tc $1 SO per ton. The south drift has been
driven 67 feet: total length, 423 feet. The for
mation passed through was principally quartz,
assaying $1 75 to $3 25 per ton. We are now
using a machine drill in this drift. Main
shaft— Have taken out old water boxes, put In
new lagging where needed and put in some
new guides. Water is to-day (Saturday) 90
feet 3 inches below 1950 level station.
In the ('hollar and Potosi mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the
week 15 feet; total length, 653 feet, face in
porphyry and low-grade quartz. Have put in
two sets of timbers at point of intersection
with 100 level drift, preparatory to leveling
the grade in the latter. They are repairing in
main tunnel near the shaft station. On the
tunnel level at a point In the south drift 230
feet south from the north line, west crosscut
1 was extended 17 feet; total length, 62 feet:
face In quartz assaying from Vi to 56 per ton.
Sutro Tunnel level— The »adig drift has been
advanced 14 feet during the week; total length,
1108 feet; face continues in hard ground,
which breaks somewhat better.
The report from the Ophir mine Is as follows:
Ophir shaft— The boh pit on the 800 level has
been cleaned out and repairs on the shaft con
tinued. 1000 level— The west crosscut has been
cleaned out 20 feet; total, 470 feet. There ls
still loose ground ahead of us In this drift.
Central tunnel— The joint Mexican west cross
cut was advanced 4 feet; total, 186 feet: face ln
hard porphyry. During the week the air pipe
was rearranged and carried into this crosscut.
Work has been resumed ln the joint east cross
cut and it was advanced 3 feet; total length,
49 feet; face In soft porphyry. From the main
west drift 4 tons '7 ore were taken out, assay
ing in gold value $77 S2 per ton. The ore was
from a little bunch that had been left in place
en the edge of the old stopes. Sutro tunnel
connection- The direct connection drift has
been advanced 18 feet; total length. 512 feet;
face in hard vein porphyry. The ground has
to be timbered. The north drift was advanced
IS feet: total length, 43 feet; face In a 2 or 3
foot vein, the walls being hard porphyry.
Work will be discontinued in this drift to-night.
The winze was sunk 5 feet; total depth, 27
feet. The bottom and sides are in a vein of
quartz and porphyry. The winze has to be
timbered as it is being sunk.
In the Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry
mines they have been engaged in lagging and
filling up a cave In the Osbiston shaft. At the
Bonner shaft, on the 425 level, the joint north
west drift, started from the southwest drift.
520 feet from the shaft, has been extended 6
feet; total length, 154 feet; face in soft, wet
ground. Also did considerable repairing during
the week. The raise started In the northwest
drift at a point 40 feet from the southwest
drift has been carried up 11 feet; total height,
52 feet; top in porphyry and stringers of quartz.
Sutro tunnel level— The joint north drift has
bee:, advanced 16 feet; total length, 202 feet;
face in hard porphyry.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level,
the south drift, started from the main west
crosscut opposite the north drift, was advanced
19 feet; total length, 462 feet; face in soft por
phyry, with small seams of quartz through it.
West crosscut No. 1, from the south drift from
a point 236 feet south from the main west cross
cut, has been extended 9 feet; total length, 103
feet; face in footwall and stopi 1 Started on
east crosscut No. l from the south drift at a
point 36 feet south from west crosscut No. 1
and advanced it 10 feet: total length, 10 feet;
face in soft porphyry, with seams of soft quartz
through it. 900 level— West crosscut No. 7 from
the north lateral drift from a point 150 feet
north from west crosscut No. 6 and 700 feet
north from the Sierra Nevada shaft was ad
vanced 16 feet: total length, 135 feet; face in
soft porphyry and clay.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, October 16. 2 p. m.
Bid .Ask. Bid. Ask.
TJ S Bonds— Mutual EI Co. 14 15%
fs quar coup.. — — O G L & 11... — 4m",
Is quar reg.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 66 '"
to quar new... — 13U< Pac Light Co. 41% —
,fl uar „ coup -' - S vG & E.... 6U-4 ,;,.-.
Miscellaneous- an Fran _ - 3 i s
Cal-st Cab 55. .118 — ' Stockton Gas.. 12 -
C C Wat 35... — 108% Insurance—
fc d c L ft P 68.130 - Trent's Fund. -
F & Cl Ry 65. 115 — p.ank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 Anglo-c a l ... 64% —
H C & S 6%5.106 - Bank of Ca1. .385 400
L A Ry 55... .105% - .a ; S D& T _ 97
L A LCo 65.. M - , ..... Nat^m - 24 .
Do gtnd 65.. 99 - Lon P & A ..;. ]2g : , 3
Do tntd :.s.. — — M „,. c. V eh-nge- .
Ma A rk^t R 6s S '-'- 4 l^ ** V ? &t Bk -153U190
An i=t \r L i 7?t i .- !?aVings Hanks—
Ntcvcp- 55 ',,! llf%C; er S & L... - 1750
vhV™ « ? ~ Hum S& L.. 1050 1160
N Rof( al n5. 114 — «j„ t o av tj)j. ,„,,
NR of Cal 55.112%113% g»*£2rj "5 m -*
NPC R R 65.105 108 a y *• L So." - 82%
NPC R R 106?; - ec Say Bk.. - 310
N Cnl R R 55. 11 l - Union T C 0.1400 1440
O '', L &HoS. - 110 1 Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65..111%112 California ....120 —
(in: C Ky (is.. — - Geary 50 —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 107 — |Marke -st .... 62% 62%
Ik &11 Ry 65.118 - Oak SL& H. - 50
Powell-st R 6s. — 122 j Presidio 20 30
Sac EIG&RSs. - - ; Powder
-6F & N P 55.U4%114% .- a iit ornla -lr , o 165
S F & S JV55.113%115%p Dvnnmlte -
S Ry of Cal 6sIOSUIO9 Giant Con Co. 80% «l
bPof A its. . . . - 1131s Vigorit 2»i 2TC
SBC 6sG9ns). — — Sugar— * - i
SP C 6s(1906).lll - nana P C 0.... w« 13
S P C 65(1912). - lis aw C & S Co 96% -
Sp C b eg 65.in2% - Honokaa S Co 34* ' 35ti
SBBr 6s 122 — Hutch S P Co. 29% 29«
S v Wat 65... — 114 Kllauea S Co.. — ■".'
S V Wat 45... 103*' — Makawcli 5C048%49«
S v W4s(3dm)lol^ — onomea S <'■ 3S 3SH
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 105 p aa uhau S Co. 36 36&
Water Stocks- M lianeuua
Contra Costa.. 68% 70 A l Pac Assn.. 11714119
Marin County. .-.,> - M er Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley 101%101% Oceanic S Co. S6 87%
Gas and Electric— Pa.c AF A 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — p ac C Bor C 0.145 ' —
Cent L & P... 5% — par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L CO. SM. h%
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Equitable Gas 505
20 Giant Powder Con go 50
5 Giant Powder Con 80 62%
10 Giant Powder Con, b 30 8125
50 Hana Plantation Co 13 25
2.'-. Hana Plantation Co 13 00
50 liana Plantation Co, s 30 13 00
280 S F c.as & Electric Co 60 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 6123
15 Spring Valley Water 101 50
100 Vigorit Powder 2 87%
Street—
$5000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R Bonds 103 50
Afternoon Session.
$5000 California-street Railway HS 50
10 Contra Costa Water 69 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar JJ 95 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 95 50
20 Hutchinson S P Co JJ 29 50
45 Makawel! '_ 43 571^
$1000 Oakland Transit Co, 6 per cent 11l 50
15 Onomea Sugar Co 3g 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co " 6150
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 10 61 50
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 6"U
_ S F Gas & Electric Co 61 75 "
$7000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s Bonds tog -...
15 Spring Valley Water 101 CO
Street—
65 Paauhau S P Co 36 12%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
30 Giant Powder Con SO 50
20 Giant Powder Con '. J SO 62*4
20 Giant Powder Con J SO 37%
50 Hana Plantation il 75
10 Hawaiian Commercial .".' 95 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial 94 75
SO Spring Valley Water 101 50
10 Spring Valley Water 10162%
150 Vigorit Powder 2 75"
Afternoon Session.
50 Contra Costa Water 69 374
20 Giant Powder Con 80 50'
20 Giant Powder Con 80 75
25 Giant Powder Con SO <'■.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 117 00-.'
50 Hana Plantation Co 13 124
50 Hana Plantation Co.. 13 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial '.'4 75
25 Oakland Gas '. 49 00
20S F Gas & Electric 60 S7*4
25 8 F Gas & Electric 61374
15 Spring Valley Water 101 624
60 Vigorit Powder 2 874
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 231 lOOC.mir SS I
400 Con Cnl & Va..l 75 100 Overman 23
200 Hale & Norcrs 40 100 Potosi 57,
200 Mexican 30' 100 Sierra Nevada. 65
200 Ophir 87 100 Union Con ... 37 I
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 231 200 Mexican ....... 30
50 Caledonia 76 200 Ophir v,
100 Challenge 29 100 Overman 22
100 Challenge 2S! 100 Overman 21
400 chollar 38 200 Potosi .-..;
300 Con Cal & Va.l 70] 100 Sierra Nevada. >'.:.
300 Crown Point... 17 j SCO Yellow Jacket.. 30
300 Hale & Norcrs 44 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock i
Board yesterday:
• Morning Session.
400 Andes 11l 400 Overman .; 23 I
200 Belcher 2* j 600 Potosi -v
50 Con Cal & Va.l 7" SCO Savage 27
200 Con Cal & Va.l 75 300 Beg Belcher.... 03
250 Con Cal & V.l 774 MO Seg Belcher 04
300 Crown Point... 17 400 Sierra Nevada. 65
200 Hale & Norcrs 41 700 Yellow Jacket . 30
200 Overman 21 1
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY
AUCTION SALE
ggb* g£c g&*»
THIS DAY.
Tuesday at 11 o'clock at the
ORMONDE SALE STABLES,
1617-1519 MISSION STREET,
Between Eleventh and Twelfth,
Ot choice, sound, well broke young horses
just from the country. We will be pleased to
hitch and show the above stock in harness any
time up to day of sale.
S. AY ATKINS & CO., Auctioneers.
■N. B.—Sales of horses direct from the coun-
try over) Tuesday at 11 a. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
.
MONDAY, Oct. 16—4 p. m
Bid.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Alpha cl OO.Kentuck 03 05
Alta 04 06 Lady Wash ... 01 02
Andes 10 111 Mexican 29 30
Belcher 22 24 Occidental 18 20
Beet & Belcher 35 36 Ophir 87 83
Bullion 04 05 Overman 20 21
Caledonia 75 — Potosi 57 5S
Challenge 29 30 Savage 25 26
Choi 37 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 80 85 Seg Belcher ... 03 05
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 751 Sierra Nevada 64 65
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point... 16 17 Standard 3003 05
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — 06
Gould & Curry 35 36 1 Union Con .... 38 39
Hale & Norcrs 44 45 Utah 11 13
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 28 29
Justice 07 09!
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers is fur
nished by J. B. Lippincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 50 miners' Inches.
Time Ball
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 16, 1599:
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. ... at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, 1". S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights •of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to. San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER" 17.
Sun rises 6:21
Sun sets 5:28
Moon sets 4:49 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the sounc on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 15.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 24 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Monday. October 15.
btmr Empire. Nelson, 51 hours from Coos Bay.
Mn;r Ella Rohlffs, Morley, 9 days from Lor
ing, via Departure Bay.
,. Stmr Crescent City, -'ockfleth, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 44 hours from Soquel,
T>S C . hr Five Brothers, Jensen, 24 hours from
I. liners Point.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
». Sch s,her Buhne, Anderson. 6 days front
New Whatcom.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 24 hours from Boweni
Landing.
Schr Lila and Mattie, Linbridgi 9 days from
Olympia. .^
Schr Orient. Sanders, 6 days from Bellingharn
Bay.
Continued on Page Thirteen.•
BOND ELECTIONS
WILL BE CALLED
ON NEXT MONDAY
Supervisors Instruct
Attorney Lane.
— 4,
HOSPITAL PLANS SUBMITTED
,
COLLEGES APPOINT MEMBERS
OF THE JURY.
_ _>
.ting-er Unanimously Elected to
Succeed Perrault as Chairman
of the Finance Committee.
Patrol Drivers.
The Supervisors yesterday made provi
sion for the coming bond election by
adopting a resolution Instructing the City
and County Attorney to draw up the
nocessary papers for action at the next
meeting of the board. The resolution,
which was unanimously adopt**!, was as
Resolved, That the City and County Attorney
he an.l lie is hereby re-quested to prepare and
present to the boaid at its ,ne.xt meeting such
notices or resolutions under the park Improve
ment act and the municipal improvement act
for passaKe hy the board as may be necessary
to initiate the proceedings for calling elec
tions for the issuance of bonds as follows:
;On Wednesday. December 27, ISS9. on the
question of Issuing bonds to acquire for park
purposes <i). Western Addition blocks 72, 141.
147. ao, 25'"', 2^7. 295. 369, 378. 437. 445. 510 and
525, and <2i, outside land blocks S4. Iti9. 194, 271,
296. 36s and 393 and outside land block 1. and
« 3 1. Mission blocks S6 and 87, each proposition
to 1* voted on separately. 7
On Friday. December 29. 1&99. on the ques
tion of issuing bonds for (1) the construction
of a sewer system for the city and county, In
conformity - with plans prepaied by C. E.
Urunsky. civil engineer; (2) the construction of
a new City and County Hospital, In conform
ity with plans and specifications submitted
and to be hereafter adopted, and (3) the con
struction of new school buildings, in conform
ity with plans to be prepared by Thomas J.
Welsh, architect of the Hoard of Education.
Resolved further, That he thereafter prepare
•and present to this board such notices, resolu
tions and ordinances as may be necessary for
calling and holding such elections and for the
of the bonds Issued pursuant thereto, and
that he advise this board whether, in view of
the provisions of sections I^>o to 1888, Inclusive,
of the Political Code, it will be necessary for
the Roard of Education to co-operate with the
Peard of Supervisors In the matter of he Issu
cnee of bonds for the erection of school houses,
■ r whether said matter is governed solely by
the provisions of the iun pal Improvement
act.
A slight hitch in County Hospital mat
ters occurred on account' of the with
draw! of Architects Plssis and Reid
from the jury which is to judge the plans
submitted for the new institution. Pur
suant to invitation the College of Physi
cians named H. G. Lame as its repre
sentative on the jury; the University of
California named William Watt Kerr and
Cooper Medical College submitted the
name of Dr. C. N. wood. The Art
Association named Albert Plssis and J.
\v. Reid; two of the most famous archi
tects of the country, but ll the last mo
ment sent In a communication saying
that both of those ; gentlemen had de
clined to serve and until the return of
its president, Josenh P. Grant, from New
Yurk. no others could be named. A reso
lution was adopted directing the commit -
tee to bring in its report on plans sub
mitted on Monday next in order that
proper provision might be made in the
bond election schedule for the cost of the
new institution. The following architects
have submitted plans: M. J. Lyon,
Charles R. Wilson. W. H. Wilcox. Har
rison Albright, W. O. Banks. Curl &"
Rowell. Brown & Brown. L. B. Vails, .' i
F. Dunn. Bliss & Fa vill. Shea & Shea . |
J. E. Kraft. Martin Ar Coffey, Mooser &
Son, Havens <fc Toepke. Cuthbertson &
Colllschon; A. F. O tkey, J. B. Rodgers j
and J. B. Crook. ■■--•■
Pursuant to the resolution adopted at
the last meeting of the hoard Mayor Phe
lan announced the appointment of Will j
I>. Griffin as purchasing agent for the.
City and County Hospital. it will be
.Griffin's duty to inspect every requisition ;
made and all goods delivered, and he will
also be required to scrutinize carefully
all bills lik-d to see if supplies are being
furnished at a proper price.
Supervisor Perrault's resignation from '
the chairmanship of the Finance Com
mittee was accepted and Supervisor Ed
Aigeltinger was unanimously elected to !
till the vacancy.
Perrault moved to amend the order ]
made at the last meeting discharging all
patrol drivers and placing the employ- j
ment of those employes in the hands of j
the Police Department so that ii would .;
po into effect on December 15 instead of
November 1. Aigeltinger moved to amend
by making it December 1. Both motions :
failed to carry and Perrault gave notice j
of motion to reconsider. He then moved
to rescind the original order, but that,
too; was lost and he again gave notice.
Black moved to amend the anti-cam
palgn banner order so that banners
might bo strung on all streets except
Market and Kearny. Holland moved to
indefinitely postpone action, but his mo
tion was lost. He delayed the original |
motion, however, by giving notice of re
consideration at the next regular meet
ing. ■
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the Street Committee:
Citizens, requesting that the sidewalks on
Waller street, between Fillmore and Steiner, be
put tn a passable condition before the rains
set ln; AY. H. McCarthy, for permission to con- I
struct by private contract a sewer ln Cuvier
street; between the Southern I'aciflc Railroad .
right of way and Bosworth street ; Inn & j
Treacy, for an extension of thirty days' time
pn their contract to construct artificial stone I
sidewalks, on the north side of Broadway, be
tween Fillmore and Steiner streets; Market
Street and Eureka Valley Improvement Club, I
requesting the board to include In the proposed
bond Issue an amount necessary for the cutting
and filling to grade of Market street, from Va
lencia to Fifteenth; P. J. Cody, for Immediate
action to prevent the Market-street Railway I
Company from erecting an old wooden pole In
front of his premises, on ...... corner
of Mission and Twenty-ninth streets; Quimhy |
A Harrelson, to approve plans of Eerkshlre
Street archway; San Franclsco and San Joa- !
cum Valley Railroad Company, for permission !
to lav four tracks from Its property, on the
northwest side of Bryant street, across Bryant
Etreet to Its ferry slip and wharf; property
owners, for the placing of arc lamps on Eddy l
street, at the crossings of Jones, Leavenworth
and Hyde streets, and for the discontinuance j
Of fifteen adjacent gas lamps; Mrs. Catherine
Oogamy, for permission to : struct the
plank sidewalk of twenty-five lineal feet In ,
front of premises, en the southeast side of Te
hama s'reet, between Fifth and Sixth: Cali- I
fornia Han-el Company, for the removal of ■
building from th-* public thoroughfare, Michi- ;
gan street, between Twenty-second and Twen- i
ty-third; Henry Crone, for a deed to cer- i
tain land ln the Potrero Nuevo Rlock No. 372 to ,
correct an error In the dercription of said land ]
made by the city to Alfred licrel on June 23.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred to th<> Street Committee:
Against the construction of a ewer In San '
Bruno avenue, between Mariposa and Eight- j
eenth streets: property owners, against the ;
grading, macadamizing, etc., of Army street, I
between Castro nnd Noe; John E. Sheehan, i
tgalnst the grading of Army street, between I
Noe and Castro: rank Relchlln, against grad- |
ing of Army street, between Castro and Noe; j
CaliaEhan Estate Company, against the grad
ing. «*tc, of the efigterly half of Eighteenth
avenue, between H and I streets, and the
northeast quarter of the crossing of Eight
eenth avenue and I street: trustees of the es
tate of John N. Bird, deceased, against the
paving of Central avenue, between Page and
Haight street*; property owners, against the
raving, etc., of the crossing of Haight and
Cole streets; trustees of J. H. Baird estate,
against the paving of the crossing of Haight
ond Clayton st<e»tF; tame, gainst the paving
of the crossing of Centra! avenue and Page ,
streets: property owners, against the paving
of Treat avenue, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-flft?
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolutions were adopted awarding contracts
for street work as follows:
San Francisoo Paving Company, granite curbs
on Twenty-ninth street, between Sanchez and |
N'oe, roadway thereof to be laved with bitu
men, curbing at M cents per lineal foot and
paving at 2"M cents per square root; Flinn &
Treacy, bitumen pavement on roadway of cross
ing of Union and Franklin streets at 24 cents
per square foot; San Franclsco Paving Com
pany, paving roadway of crossing of Bay street
and Montgomery avenue with basalt blocks at
27' v cents per square foot and constructing
cesspool, culvert and artificial stone sidewalk
on northwesterly corner of same for $195; Henry
A. Whitley, grading Eighteenth Street, between
Kansas and Vermont, at 20 cents per cubic
yard. constructing sewer in same at $1 50 per
lineal foot and constructing mar.hole and cover
for $45; same, for constructing sewer In cross-
STRATTON WANTS TO
SEE FRIENDS FIRST
Not Prepared to Outline His
Future Action,
Is Not Tired of Public Life, but Certain
Requirements Must Be Met if
He Run Again.
Oakland Office San Franclsco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 16.
Senator Stratton, the author of the now
celebrated primary election law, returned
with his bride to-night from his European
tour. During his absence many changes
have taken place in the complexion of
politics In Alameda County and the Sen
ator's return was anxiously awaited. It
has frequently been stated that the Sena
tor had no ambition to succeed himself
and had said so, but such was not the
case.
Senator Stratton has never Baid that he
will not be a candidate nor will he say bo
until he has seen his friends and has had
an opportunity to size up the dtuation.
"I did not expect to he stood up so
soon after my arrival," said the Senator
to-night, "and I am not prepared to
speak upon the subject. There are many
things to be taken into consideration and
it will be a few days before I shall feel
! I
! ing of Eighteenth and Vermont streets at $1 50 !
i per lineal foot, manhole and cover for $4." and |
j constructing cesspools and culverts on north- |
{ easterly, southeasterly and southwesterly cor- j
ners at $75 each; same, sewer In Vermont street. I
j between Eighteenth and Nineteenth, at $1 IS
: per lineal toot, with two manholes and covers :
, at {45 each: same, sewer in crossing of Ver
i mont and Nineteenth streets at Sl 60 per lineal I
! foet. culverts and cesspools at $75 for each of
three corners and manhole and cover at $4":
same, for sewer In Vermont street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth, at $1 45 per lineal
foot and two manholes and covers at $45 each; ,
Fred Leffler, for grading the crossing of Eight- :
: eenth street and San Kruno avenue at 39 cents I
per cubic yard, constructing sewer therein at
$1 90 per lineal foot, manhole and cover for $5*5
and constructing culverts and cesspool* at *'.'-.
each for three corners; Henry A. Whitley, for ,
grading Eighteenth street, between Vermont i
j street and San Bruno avenue, at 35 cents per !
cubic yard, constructing sewer in same at $1 50
'■ per lineal foot and constructing manhole and
'. cover at $45.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent <_! Streets recommended
the performance of the following street work:
Granite curbs on Washington street, between
Fillmore and Steiner, roadway of same to be
paved with bitumen: granite curbs at inter
jection of San Jose avenue. Twenty-eighth and
Guerrero streets, roadway of same to be paved
with bitumen; granite curbs on San Jose ave
nue, between Twenty-sixth and Army streets,
roadway of same from Twenty-sixth street for
; ; distance of 72:6 southerly, to be paved with
bitumen; artificial stone sidewalks on Laguna
street, between Broadway and Vallejo slreet.
granite curbs on Masonic avenue, between Oak
and Page streets, roadway to be paved with
bitumen: granite curbs on Church street, be
tween Twenty-ninth and Day streets, roadway
to bo paved with bitumen: granite curbs on
Jessie street, between Thirteenth and Four
teenth, roadway to be paved with bitumen.
ORDERING STREET WORK.
Resolutions were adopted ordering the per- j
formance of street work as follows:
Bitumen pavement on crossing of Twenty
! fifth and Shctwell streets; artificial stone side
; walks on southerly side of Green street, be- j
tween Stockton and Powell, in front of lots
commencing at p. point on southerly line of
Green street, distant 192:« from Stockton and
running westerly 27:6; eight-inch sewer and
two manholes In Texas street, between Mari
posa and .Eighteenth: eight-inch sewer in
southerly, westerly and northerly portions of
crossing of Texas and Mariposa streets: ten
inch sewer ln easterly portion of said crossing,
with manhole la center, cesspools, culverts,
granite curbs and plank sidewalks on north
westerly, southwesterly, southeasterly and
granite curbs and plank sidewalk on the north
easterly corner thereof: 10-inch sewer with
manhole and cover In Mariposa street, between j
Texas and Mississippi, to connect with sewer in ■
Mississippi street.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Resolutions were passed to print granting '
! permission for the performance of street work j
1 by private contract, as follows: • , \
Dan O'Connor, on behalf of property owners. I
I to lay granite curbs and pave with bltulnen j
i the id way of Raker street, between Wash;
j ington and Jackson, except a strip In the cen-
I ter, to be paved with basalt blocks: M S.
I Price, to extend steps on sidewalk, on north
i west corner of Sutter and Buchanan streets,
! four feet from the building line: Sophia L.
' Simpson, to project foundation of a chimney
■ eight Inches on the sidewalk, on northwest cor
'■ ncr of Buchanan street and Pacific avenue.
; Resolutions were finally passed authorizing !
1 the performance of street work by private con
j tract, as follows:
I City Street Improvement Company, to con
struct a twelve-Inch sewer with two manholes,
■ to lay granite curbs and pave with bitumen
I roadway of Gough street, between Jackson
street and Pacific avenue except «t'i- r o"rt«*n
feet wide in center, to be paved with basalt
1 blocks; Wlllams. Kelser & Co." tv construct
twelve-inch sewer with four mann and coy- I
ers. In San Bruno avenue, between Division and '
Fifteenth streets; Ehrmann & MeCormick.
STREET work FULLY ACCEPTED.
Resolutions fully accepting the following
street work were finally passed:
Cro««lng of Clay and Laurel streets, bitumen;
crossing of Washington and Laurel streets,
bitumen; crossing of Clay and Locust streets.
j bitumen; crossing of Twenty-ninth and Do
' lores street
' A resolution was passed to print accepting
! Front street from Clay to Washington, paved
I with bitumen.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
i Extensions of time on contracts for the per
i formance of street work were granted as fol
; lows:
Flinn & Treacy. thirty days on contract for
' the construction of artificial stone sidewalks
| on the north side of Broadway, between Fill
more and Steiner. mPSSt
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
j E. W. Haskins. Daniel Kelly and W. C. j
I Read were appointed to appraise the value of
! Mission blocks 86 and '7. which the board has
I declared its Intention to acquire for a Mission
j park.
I The Standard Oil Company was granted per-
I mission to grade In front of its property on |
! Sixteenth street, between Eighth and Hubbell, j
'■ and the same firm, together with Joseph L. i
j Moody.- was granted permission to grade I
i Eighth street In front of their property, be-
I tween Channel and, Hubbell streets. ,
CHICAGO SKYSCRAPER
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Five Tenants Sustain Losses Aggre
gating Over One Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
CHICAGO. Oct. 17.— A fire which broke
out early to-day ln the six-story structure
at 130 to 136 West Washington street,
caused a loss of {106,000. The entire east
half of the building was destroyed. The
west half Is occupied by the Fowler Bl
cvcle Company, but a fire wall prevented
the flames from spreading to this portion
of the building. The tenants who sus
tained losses are:
Chicago Folding Box Company, $25,000;
Imperial Electric Plating Company. $15,
--000; I. Pieser'& Co., flour merchants, $20.
--000; Walter Ehrman & Co.. manufacturers
of bicycle parts, $10,000; loss to building,
$35,000. 7.
JIMENES' NARROW ESCAPE.
Conspirators Had Planned to Assas
sinate Him in Church.
Special Cable, to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1539. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORTO PLATA, Oct. 16.— Government
officials state that according to the details
of the plot to kill General Jimenes, which
was frustrated by discovery, the conspira
tors had laid their plans to assassinate
him while at church. /: .
Kennedy Gets a Decision.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 16.— Kennedy
secured the decision over George Kerwin
at the end of a hot ten-round bout at the
Millvale Opera-house to-night.
, *-
Funeral of John Gannon.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 16.— The funeral of
ex-Sheriff John Gannon occurred to-day
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
i at liberty to give a positive opinion about
Imy political future. I am not tired of
; public life. I am pleased with it, but that
: does not ray that I am so deeply in love
i with life as a Senator that I cannot di
vorce myself from it. We had a delight
; ful trip and the most important historic
fact I discovered was the marked respect
: and fraternal feeling that is apparent in
Britain toward this nation. Since the
Spanish war this feeling has grown mar
; velously and ls now d.eep rooted in the
' British people. • An American flag at a
theater is sufficient at any time to raise
i the house." ____. s"
Senator Stratton will not be a candi
date to succeed himself. The contin
gencies to which he alludes . are such
I that when he has surveyed the field there
j Is no doubt he will retire. Before leaving
I he required certain assurances that some
political moves would develop along cer
• tain lines. These developments have not
j gone the desired way, and so a new Sen
; ator will have to be chosen. The only
i candidate who has yet appeared is Assem
i blyman Bliss.
at the undertaking parlors of Coroner Ed
ward Eden, under the auspices of the
Knights of Pythias, of which order de
ceased was a member. The sermon was
preached by Rev. Arthur Crosby and the
services at the grave were conducted by
Town Trustee Stanley Morehead. Thoso
who officiated as pall-bearers were: James
Watson Sr.. ex-County Clerk D. Tavlor.
Stephen Richardson, J. T. McLean, John
Allison and C. Grosjean. The Interment
was in Tamalpais Cemetery.
GREGGAINS MATCHED.
Will Fight "Jack" Root in San Fran-
Cisco Next Month.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Jack Root, middle
weight champion of the West, has been
matched to tight Alex Greggains twenty
rounds at San Francisco November 8 for
a purse of $2000, of which $1500 goes to the
winner. Root will meet Billy Stift at
Davenport, lowa. November 16. Stift is
booked to meet Kid McCoy at St. Louis
October 27. .• : ■■».•
Inspected Fort Wright
SPOKANE. Wash., Oct. 16.-Lieutenant
.rrtonel Marlon C. Maus of San Francisco,
rmpector general on the staff of General
ifter, to-day Inspected" Fort "Wright,
adjoining this city. To-morrow morning
he inspects Fort Sherman, Idaho, and
leaves for home to-morrow night.
♦-
Professor Edward Orton Dead.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 16.-Professor
Edward Orton, first president of tho Ohio <
State University; and since occupying the '
chair of geology, died suddenly while sit
ting In his chair at his home at 3:45 this
afternoon. He was 70 years old.
-••
Will Visit Plague Districts.
BOMBAY. Oct. 16,-The Viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curzon of Kedleston, and his
staff will shortly visit the plague and fam
ine districts. Before starting they will all
be inoculated against the plague.
A Druggist Arrested.
Frederick W. Rockstroh, who conducts
a pharmacy at 1086 Howard street was
arrested last night by Officers Regan and
McQaide for selling morphine to Peter
Tierney without a physician's prescrip
tion. ..•/ H
Olympia.
La Months, who are at the Olympia
this week, are the cleverest acrobats seen
in town for some time. Their work ls
daring and graceful. Roselle brothers
continue to give a good performance and
Ruth Nelta, with her Filipino baby, is
still a prime favorite
The Chutes.
Major 'Mite, the smallest actor before
the public, received five encores for his
songs, dances and cakewalks at the
Chutes Theater last evening. His final
"Hello, My Baby" duet with little Ruth
Roland In the gallery brought down the
house.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
I. D Rlcketts, Arizona .E F Phelan, Arizona
II H Jacobson, N V Mrs J C Noyes Napa
1! B Wood. San Jose : S W Dorsey, NY
(i .1 Clancey, Wash H J Simmons, Texas
E Block, New York M J Root. N V
G !'. Davis, USA F Bassett, Milwaukee
<; Block, New York J w Strackbeid Hi
■ X li Babbitt, Colo J E Levi, New York
M A Adr h, Boston J M Merton N V
P Thomas, NY ! X W Brdwn Cal
V. M Graham, NY F V Holman, Oregon
I. Kahn, Oakdale Miss H Fish Chicago
Q W Huddlestorv, Eng C H Seehln, Salt Lake
C Wright. Detroit |T Flink, San Juan
! H Banning & w, 'al R J Brewster Wash
I B O Shorey, Montreal M A Murphy, Carson
Miss Shorey, Montreal M H Curley, Boston
11 C Breatsley, Va 8 A Puter & w, 111
J R McLemore, Term J B Coleman, N V
V li Dakln, Cal F Wallenkamp, Germ
C II Poole. Boston R Ankeny, Wash
H X Ashurst, Ariz ■<; a Lung' U S N
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
: C Swope, Ft Scott ,B S Velle Tulare
■ Mrs .Mclaughlin, Cal J O McGranaugh, lowa
! T F Bonner, Stockton E C Moulton, Indiana
. G Francesco, Oakdale J W Boden lowa
E J Elliott. Sacto H O Williams, N V
iC E Whitham, Sacto J R McKen2ie, Ventura
W E Mitchell. Fresno !E J Crandall. Ls Ang
!Dr C H Ball, Los Ang Miss Mclntyre Wash .
I R Cantwell. N V Mis Shearer. Wash"
|E T Ellis, Livermore T Holman, Benicia
j C! Tamariss. Livermore T C Dick, Vallejo
j W Copeland. Livermore J King, San Jose
! W H Bawles. Livermor E Beatty, Yreka
I S C Curtis. Honolulu J P Johnson Yreka
I V. P Adams & w, Cal F J Beatty. Oregiin
Miss Adams, Cal • J F Adair, Oregon
T W Baker, NY 'F Jennings, Visalia
I P Richards & w, Idaho Miss Jennings, Visalia
' N J Dabney, Tulare J Jennings &'w Visa!
1 A O Carmichael, Tular
! GRAND HOTEL.
i F Pelkey. Novato Mrs J Smith. S Mateo
iD D Warner. Portland i A B Smith, Fresno
H H Ring. Chicago N Mugler. BiMona
! W Gordon & v.-. Mass 'Mrs A Anderson Ca!
: S Rowan. Crockett M T Whitaker. L Ang
i Miss F Rego, Sacto E W Conant & w, San
1 J A Lynblbrakch. Butte; Jose
' D Donohue, S Rafael I Mrs W E Briggs Cal
i T Casey. Willows Mrs L E Logan. Hollst
' I Hochhelmer. Willows Miss L Snyder. MtV»w
ti Dannenbaum, Vallejo Misa L Snyder Mt View
H B Ray. Visalia . H H Folsom. Juneau
i J H Hockhelmer, Cal IR Elliott & w. Wis
I W R Fisher & w, Stkn O Brayamer, U 8 N
I M J Richardson. Linen C P Roeecrans, S Jose
i F Kenny, Fort Jones ; D J Goose &w. Reno
jA I! Carlock & Fort Miss Q Ward, Reno
Jones Mrs A M Warren, Nev
I a H Denny. Etna T Kowanda, Vacaville
] Miss Denny, Etna Mrs C X McClatchy,
I F Tompkins, F Jones Sacramento
I A Fuller. Fort Jones IR C Dale, Bakersfield
B X Sweetland, Lvrmre I J M Hohnls. Seattle
CO Wilcox. Visalia IP Calm, Stockton
J W Hamaker. Or JR C Mayer, lone
; H Warden. Cal T W Hayes, Grass Val
Mrs 8 Ness, Portland T Jessla &w, Watsnvl
M Renner, Yrkea Mrs F M West, Stktn
C W Avery. Yreka 'E P Mangst, 3 L Obspo
A S Benson, KlamathF P O Sutzen, 6 Monica
C L Parish. Klamath F L Rosenberg. Ukiah
J A Aver & w, Ayer c Diamond, La
| W Baird, Philadelphia E A Cox & w, S Rafael
IH G Lacy, Hanford R Cook, Boston
Q Decker, Edgwood Mrs Thompson, Tacoma
I H C Davis. New York A Seardurf, Butte
I A I Twogood, Rlversde E M Thompson, Reno
i J C Dv Bois & w, C E McDonald, Nev
Santa Rosa W E Kincaid, Nev
Dr A C Heber. Cal IH M Sheahy, Nev
O Orr, Yreka . pr J P Smith, Oakland
W Lubln, Los Angeles II MacDonald, Palo Alto
! L H Valentine, L Ang Mrs E S Gilbert, Chgo
Mrs L E Allen, Rvrsde Mrs T S Gilbert, Crgo
Miss A Dehn Pomona! Miss Faust, Chicago
Mrs F G Filers. Sacto iP Hitt, Chicago
Master Eilers. Sacto C D Hayward, Redwd
i J F Slater &w. Sacto J N Gregg, Red Bluff
. A Nellson & w. Sacto 1.1 L Woods, Lakeport
, Miss .1 Turnbull, Mont- L Dv Pont Syle, Oakld
real J F Dunn, Mt View
I G F Underwood & w, Mrs G W Lincoln, L A
Vacaville ■ , Mrs A C Baldrom. D C
i Miss A Milliken, San A J Hall & w, L Ang .
Mateo " IW L Flanlgan, Fresno
NANCE O'NEIL
SHINES IN THE
PART OF MAGDA
" Fra Diavalo " Poorly
Sung at Tivoli.
♦ —
"TOPSY TURVY" STILL FUNNY
— ♦— '- —
MAJOR MITE MAKES A HIT AT
TELE CHUTES.
■ *
"Nanon" Charms Grand Opera-House
Patrons and Mile. Lotty Proves
to Be the Stellar Orpheum
Attraction.
Ah, but it is good to see our Nance In
"Magda" once more as she appeared at '
the California last night.
Greetings and hall. She comes fearless- j
ly, treading in the footsteps of others who
were long ago crowned with the wreaths ;
that still lie all before her. Nance O'Neil ■
has obstinately clung to old plays in a :
way that makes her purse hollow cheeked i
and hungry, but hers Is an obstinacy tnat j
I makes her all the dearer, after all. She
| dares and does. She has challenged com
! parison, criticism, ridicule even. And ;
I when she charges upon them with all her j
! wondrous bigness they sneak miserably j
away with only a twiddling little parting
shot that she laughs at.
Who says that Nance O'Neil fancies
herself complete? She never Implied it. i
She is an artist. An artist knows nothing '
but work, work, and there's always more i
to be learned.
What is her Magda? A something more!
splendid than her ('amine, just as her!
Camllle is more splendid than her Magda. '
1 It all depends upon which you have seen
1 last. The elocution not quite perfect now
and then? The business at a certain point
I a bit stagy? That pose slightly strained? 1
j Fie! Leave their task to director and !
i stage manager. Those criticisms are the ;
i buzzing of gnats. '
She has returned this season to soothe i
I them a bit by her Magda. It has been I
I toned down here and there. It has been
j schooled, for London was not always gen- j
I tie. But the hot blood is there just as it '
j was and will be, for Nance O'Neil has
i what the present generation Is pleased to ;
I call temperament.
With the best character for her sup- i
! port that McKee Rankin has yet drawn, <
- she triumphs as Magda. Some time she
will be a less frequent visitor to our '
: coast. It Is worth while to make the best
of her now. SARAH cuMSTOCK.
Miss Slinkey's Benefit.
There was a large audience present at
I Miss Slinkey's concert, which took place
: at the Sherman-Clay Hall last evening.
The young lady had announced that she
appeared for the first time since her re- 1
turn from Europe, where she had studied j
with the most prominent teachers. I '
have repeatedly stated that It is un
necessary for American students to go ;
| abroad to study, and Miss Slinkey's sing
| ing has strengthened me in my belief. i
: We have here a line quality of voice,
which would no doubt make good ma
| terial for a teacher to work on. But cvi
■ dently Miss Slinkey's teachers either fail
i ed to instruct her properly in the placing I
iof her voice, which seems to remain - n I
! the throat, or she did not remain long j
j enough to finish her studies. Of course,
the lady knows how to sing, but the ;
i trouble is sic- cannot execute her Ideas; :
! much like a man who arranges a fine '.ra- i
1 tion and when called upon to deliver it is ■;
! unable to do it. Furthermore Miss
I Slinkey was somewhat nervous, which j
j caused her to sing a little off pitch at
I time*. ':•. ':- '■■'■■'
■ I hate to discourage young singers, who
! have spent their time In tedious study, i
'■ but on the other hand lt Is a solemn duty j
I of the critic to point out faults so that ]
| the singer may be able to remedy them, j
! Miss Slinkev must bring her voice more i
; forward, and then she will certainly be
I very successful as a vocalist. Let us ;
admit that she may have suffered /rom j
that stage fright which first performances
usually produce. 77- ''::• "' I-
Miss Marion Bear played the piano
! very Intelligently; exhibiting much taste '
'i in Interpretation. She proved that shs :
; has not wasted her time In studying ;
abroad, like many piano students, and
that she profited much by the sound ad
vice of her teachers. Bui I would not
select Brahms for a concert of this kind.
Hother Wismer played in his usual
artistic fashion, and barring a little lack ;
I of breadth of tone, his selections were far ;
• superior to the work which one would i
! expect of a musician with as little pro- j
: fesslonal experience as Mr. Wismer pos- |
i sesses. The accompaniments of red
Maurer were well executed.
ALFRED METZGER. j
Tivoli.
Perhaps the most agreeable part of Au- |
ber's opera, "Fra Diavolo,'.' is its music,
' and If the melodious selections are
brought out agreeably half of the success '<
of the performance is achieved. If, how- |
ever, the vocal efforts are not within the
limits of efficiency, then the performance j
must be considered a failure. This latter ,
fact would have been almost the sad fate
'■ of the Tivoli performance had- not Tom j
Greene and Alf Wheelan pitched in and
saved the day— the former because of
the neat quality of his tenor, and the |
latter because of his forcible acting. I|
have heard some people say that he over
did the part, but if one considers the vil- i
lainous character of the role it would \
seem that it could not be overacted very i
m "Othello" will be given to-night and
Saturday evening, while "Cavallerla Rus
'' ticana" and "Pagliacci" will be produced \
Thursday and Sunday evenings. The ad- |
- vance sal* for these performances is al- .
ready very large and there is every rea- ,
son to believe that the house will be sold
j out on these evenings.
Orpheum.
The bright particular star at the Or- I
' pheum this week is Mile. Lotty ln her
! beautiful "poses plastlques." She stands |
i in the center of the stage enveloped in a
! dark mantle with the limelight turned
i full upon her, and opening the mantle
! she appears in most graceful attitudes I
i covered with radiant colors. She has a j
1 perfect form and everything is done with
: a quiet modesty and charm that capti- I
i vates Last night the audience seemed !
I puzzled at first -by the novelty, but she ;
i was soon greeted with repeated outbursts
of applause. Photos of President Me
' Kinley, Governor Roosevelt. Rear Ad- '
' miral Schley and Admiral Dewey were •
shown and brought forth loud cheers and
when she appeared enveloped In the ad- i
miral's flags and the stars and stripes the
! cheering was Increased. J. W. # Win ton. \
the ventriloquist, at once established .
himself as a favorite and made a hit by
his repeated references to the defeat of \
the Shamrock. Tom Brown, the mono- j
' loeist also made a' favorable impression. :
1 The holdovers. Mr. and Mrs. Harold Has- i
kins little Elsie, the Hawaiian Queens, !
''. Florenz troupe of acrobats, Le Page sis
ters and Howard's miniature circus, make '
i up an attractive bill.
Grand Opera-House.
"Nanon" was revived at the Grand j
' Opera-house last evening. The pretty lit- j
i tle comic opera went with a vim and the •■
i popular numbers were encored several- I
times As Nanon Edith Mason was partic- j
ularly well adapted, singing and acting
1 the part in a manner that left little to i
; be desired. Thomas H.-Persse carried off ,
■ the honors of the opera In the part of ■
Marquis d'Aubigne. William Wolff maue*
'■ an excellent Marquis de Marsellac and T
'■ Arthur Wooley as Hector, his nephew, ;
i was exceedingly well received. Hattie
i Belle Ladd made an acceptable Ninon
' de l'Enclos and the other characters were
well portrayed. The opera was splen- |
didly staged. _____
Columbia.
"Hotel Topsy Turvy" continues io
! draw big houses at the Columbia and the !
i big houses are full of big laughs at the I
! droll humor of Eddie Foy and the irre
| sistibly- comic mimicry of Bertie Fowler.
Josie DeWitt received several encores
last night for her excellently rendered se- >
lections on the violin. Next Sunday !
Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag" will be j
hoisted on the ramparts.
FOUGHT WITH ARMED
BURGLARS AT NIGHT
Harry J, Harries' Brave Work
Nearly Cost His Life.
Found Thieves in His Home and Tackled
* Them With a Winchester—Fusillade
in a Dark Dining-Room,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
90S Broadway, Oct. 16.
Harry J. Harries, the son of the San ;
Francisco banker, was seriously wounded ;
ln an encounter with burglars at his •
home, 1361 Jackson street, early this morn- .
ing. Just by one Inch did the young man
miss death.
For several minutes after young Harries
discovered the burglars were in the house |
there was violent scuffling and a heavy ;
discharge .of firearms, . resulting in the j
shooting of Harries and. it is believed, the
wounding of one of the burglars, who ex
claimed "Oh, God!" as he was disappear- i
Ing through the door of the conservatory. \
It was nearly 4 o'clock .when Harries j
heard some one In the dining room. He at j
once got out of. bed and soon satisfied
himself that burglars were in the house.
He took his Winchester rifle from a closet
and proceeded to. Investigate. Although
there was no light in the hall he detected
two shadows of persons movine toward
the stairway. He went downstairs and |
his first thought was to press the electric
button and light up the house, but in his |
eagerness to get close to the burglars he i
passed the place on the wall where the j
buttons were located. He was retracing \
his steps toward the buttons when he was
evidently seen by the burglar, and In
stantly there was a report of a pistol and i
a bullet passed close to the side of his |
head, burying itself in a mirror. Harries j
was about to shoot with his rifle In the di
rection of the flash when he was seized I
from behind by'another burglar. |
Then ensued a desperate duel ln the
dark. Harries is an athlete and the burg- j
lar who grabbed him from behind was j
also powerful. The two men struggled for
several minutes, each trying to disarm the
other. The burglar attempted to wrench
the Winchester from Harries but without
success. The two men wrestled along the :
hall into the library and must have ere- '
ated a terrible noise, for they broke two
big piano lamps, pushed two chairs
through windows, knocked down a bust of
Psyche, overturned screens and furniture,
and shattered much valuable bric-a-brac
that had taken years to collect.
All this noise did not rouse the elder
Harries, who was asleep upstairs. Young
Harries succeeded in shaking off his an
tagonist, but he had no sooner done so
than there came a flash and a report and j
the bullet struck Harries within an inch
of the heart. The weapon was tired so
close that it burned a hole In Harries ,
dressing gown.
At this stage of the desperate encounter
the fusillade commenced in earnest. Har
ries as soon as he was shot, raised his rifle |
and shot at his antagonist. In response
another bullet whizzed past Harries
head. Once again Harries fired in the di
rection in which he had seen the revolver
flash, and Immediately it was followed by
another bullet from the burglar.
In about as many seconds ten shots
were fired, the shooter in each case hay- ;
ing nothing to guide him but the flash of I
his antagonist's gun. It was lifter Harries |
had tired his fifth shot that the burglar
exclaimed, "Oh, God!" and fired no more. |
Young Harries was looking on the floor ,
in the dark, expecting to see a dead bur- I
glar, but both had made their escape.
The noise of the shooting aroused W.H.
Harries, the father, and. armed with a
Japanese saber, he ran downstairs. He i
at once turned on the electric lights and .
in the dining-room saw his son, who re- ,
marked that tbere had been burglars In |
the house and that he was shot.
The open door from the dining-room to \
the conservatory showed plainly how the
burglars had entered and gone. Young
Harries was put to bed and Dr. Crowley
was examining him a few minutes later.
He found that the young man had been !
shot on the seventh rib and that the ball I
had plowed through the flesh for about |
two Inches to the left and had come out.
The wound of Itself was not necessarily
dangerous, but for two or three days it
wiil be Impossible to tell whether it may
result seriously.
After the victim of the burglar bullet
was attended to an inspection was made
of the house. The- wreck that was found
might have resulted from an earthquake I
or a cyclone or a genuine bombardment,
or all 'three. In the dining-room and in
the library everything was either broken
or thrown down. Bullets had crashed
through china closets, had splintered
mirrors into thousands of pieces, had
made holes in the piano and had gone
through valuable pictures. This was,
however, but a small part of the damage.
The violent combat between young Har
ries and the burglar he found in the hall
and which extended through dining-room
and library, had resulted in a complete
wreck wherever the two athletic fellows
had passed. A piano leg was kicked out
of plumb, lamps were dashed to the floor,
chairs were broken* bookcases pushed
around and upset and all the little orna
ments on the top shelves were reduced to
wreckage. \; ' . „
The most interesting scene of all, per
haps, was in "the dining-room, where,
partly on the table and partly on the
floor, were some of the most valuable
articles in the Harries household. These i
consisted of all the silver and gold plate |
and ornaments that the burglars could
find. Drawers, cabinets and sideboards
had been ransacked and their contents !
were scattered around. In their flight
the burglars had not thought, so far as '
ls known, of taking anything with them. j
The fusillade from young Harries' gun
evidently put thought of plunder out of j
their heads. Judging from the systematic |
manner ln which they had gone through
the lower floor, It Is believed the burglars
must have been at least an hour in the
house before they were discovered.
In the conservatory were found an old ,
lantern which had been struck by one of
young Harries' shots, showing how near
ly he came to ending the burglar's career; ;
and several other burglars', tools. Prob
ably when the burglar uttered the excla
mation heard by young Harries he was
holding the lamp and the bullet had
plowed through his hand.
The damage done to the furniture and
bric-a-brac by the shooting Is probably
as great as the value of the plunder
which the burglars would have taken off
had they not been discovered.
William H. Harries is the manager of
the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank of San
Francisco, and his son Is a clerk ln the
"captain Peterson and the detectives
made a thorough search of the premises
as soon as the burglary was reported.
They found enough evidence to convince !
them that the burglars were trained
thieves who had taken no chances. Be- |
sides the lantern, a partially burned can- |
die was found. At another place on the
floor a lot of white powder had been
sullied It was strychnine, intended for
any dogs that might be found. Harries
also says that he believed the burglar
with whom he struggled had greased his
clothes, as it was Impossible to get a
rood grip during their wrestling match. :
One of the burglars had evidently re- 1
loaded during the combat, for three
empty cartridges and one not exploded '
were found on the floor.
It Is very apparent 'that young Harries I
showed marked bravery throughout his
two combats with the burglars. His Win
chester did good work, as is shown by
the course of the bullets. He could at
times neither see nor hear the burglars,
as their feet were encased in felt.
"I do not know why the noise did not
rouse me," said Mr. Harries this morn- :
ing "for It must have been something
terrific. When I came downstairs the j
place looked like a wreck. Lamps had i
been overturned., the glass in the win
dows and over the pictures had been shat- }
tered by the flying bullets, and destruc
tion was everywhere. Hurriedly my boy
told me the story, and I put him to bed,
called Dr. Crowley and notified the po- i
.lice." " y- ■-'■■■/ ■*■•' "-y'- -■'•
"Only a rib stood between the young
man and instant death," said Dr. Crow
lev. "The bullet struck the seventh rib just ,
below the heart, was turned from its j
course and came out about two Inches
from where It entered. One wound Is
badly powder burned and the other Is
clean-cut The patient is now quiet and
I do not think he is in any danger."
No clew has yet been found that may
lead to the arrest of the burglars, but
the police are satisfied that they are old
hands.
A TIMELY RESCUE.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 16.— John Sparks of i
j Clinton avenue and Gilbert Ghillerl of I
i 2112 San Antonio avenue, two boys, nar- j
j rowly escaped drowning yesterday even- ]
| Ing off the westerly shore of Bay Farm j
j Island. The boys were out opposite j
i Broadway and close to the west end of i
j the island, when 'their boat, a frail canoe, i
was upset and the two youthful mariners :
j were thrown Into the water. The water
at this point Is deep and the current very
strong. Sparks, who Is a fairly good ;
swimmer, managed to keep afloat and to j
I assist his less fortunate companion, but
Ghilierl weakened rapidly and his com- ;
panion had about given up in despair i
| when their predicament was discovered !
; by Harry Rosseter, who went to their ■
| assistance. The half-drowned youths were !
pulled Into Rosseter's boat, where It re- ;
' quired considerable effort on the part of
; Rosseter and Sparks to resuscitate Ghil- !
I lerl.
Police Clerk Abolished.
I OAKLAND, Oct. 16. -The City Council !
to-night finally passed the ordinance
abolishing the position of clerk of the I
Chief of Police. There has been a fight
over this for several months and It only
passed by one vote with a full Council
present. The Mayor will veto it, and as
eight votes cannot be obtained for It
Clerk Agnew will not be removed. Coun
cilman Taylor secured the passage of a
resolution setting forth that many fatal
accidents occurred for want of proper
fenders on street cars and earnestly re
; questing the Mayor to see that the cx
i isting ordinance requiring fenders is en
forced.
The Borden-Cohen Suit.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.-Judge Greene to
day overruled the demurrer of Alfred H.
Cohen to the complaint ln the suit
brought by I. L. Borden for the recovery
of $20,000 damages on account of Injuries
alleged to have been sustained through
Cohen's willful act of colliding with his
vehicle and thus throwing plaintiff out
upon an Alameda street. Defendant has
been given ten days In which to answer.
A West Indian Hurricane
Recently traveled up and down the coast at
will, upset all calculations and acted ln an
entirely different manner .from any other
storm. Sometimes dyspepsia acts In the same
way. It refuses to yield to treatment which
has cured similar cases. Then Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters should be taken. It will effect
a cure speedily and naturally. It has cured
stomach troubles for half a century. Try It.
* Reecham's Pills
[CURE SICK HEADAOHE j
L and act like magic on a veals 4
L stomach and disordered liver. A
L 10 cents and £5 cents, at all drug stores. J
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i^^gijft *>-«■> HEARS Established
&E 1 r" Sm In 118 8 for the treatment of Private
B^^^k^^W Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
HRHHnIB& disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
vJSfflSßfffiSl skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
tJ^Cfflßjggß others fall. Try him. Charges low
1> %_iM_______W___ 4' 11 ret. a ran I «•«"«!. Call or write.
Or. J. >•• tUBBOS Box 1937. 5 an Franclsco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railways in connection
with Southern Paclflc Company's limited
train, leaving San Franclsco dally at 8
a. m.
Through Double Drawing-Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For Information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. It Montgomery
street. ' ■■ -7 r-t-'S ■
W. H. SNEDAKER. General Agent.
Santa Feßpute
wr > a $ a M* *W»as
Ws § -J^-fmotM_____m
I'll / "■ "{ »a.faau
M* - OUWANCELE. . *PHOEN«
!''W«^*SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
—
-' THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. :
Read Down. VALLEY. ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am||U.:6o ami Stockton | 13.40 pm 6.00 pra
1:10 am 2:05 pml Merced tl2:10 pm, 4.13 pm
10:40 am I 6:86 pm Freaoo ' t9:00 am 2:4] "pm
U:IS am 7:45 pm Hanford j 17:00 am 1:45 pm
1:25 pm (12:30 am Bakerafleld §1:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am M :25 pm Visalia §6:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm t6:63 pml Tulare I 94:25 am '1:05 pm
'Dally. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 628 Market st.;
Tel. Main 153 L
Oakland Office. ' 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J at. . 7....-5.7
San Jose Office. 7 Weat Santa Clara at.
tevuio i AMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Franclsco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THO3. COOK & SON. AKta.. 621 Market at.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jJßcarito
iT§u?n H W ff fr"n Kefir
SIOK HEAMGHE
Positively cnred by tbese
JLittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain m the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••I'THKKN PACIFIC COMPANT.'
(PAOirtO mvsi KM. >
Train* l*«»< - »■■•! mc due t«» nrrlve nt
KAN ntAMCIMMt.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From October 15, 1899. — arrive
•7:00 a Benicia, .Suisun and Sacramento # 7:43p
•~:OOa Marysville. Onyillo via WooUlaud,
Elmira, Vacavillo ami Rumsey. . . . # 7:43p
•7:00 a Shifta Erpiess— Davis, Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland *7:4.-ip
•7:8« A Martine*. Ban Kamou. Vallejo. Napa.
Calistoga cart Santa Eon..' *0:l3p
•8:00 a Thu Overland Limited—
Omaha. Chicago •S«W»
•BijlMa San .lose, Livermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacruinentii, Placerville.
Marystlllo. Chico, Ke 1 I'.iulf •4«l»p.
•N:UOa •Milton. Oakdale and sonora »l:ISp
•0:00 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. ?1 I:Ma
•0:0Oa Atlantic F.xpress— and East *»:43a
*1):00a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced red Fresno "12:13p
•ViMOa Fresno, lSafeni'^i''. Kauta Barbara,
Los Angeles, ' Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East Tv.... # o:4.">p
•IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations •JslSp
•1I:00.\ Ilaywardß, Niles and Way Stations. **«-43p
•12:00 m Niks. Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, llauford. VUalia,
4'trtervillo # l:ir»p
♦ l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers t^: (,<l !-
-•3:00r Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. *i»:4.'">r
•4:»llp Martinez, San Itamou, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga. Santa I'oaa •Oil
*4ittOp neuicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marynrlllc/Orovillo •H»:4.1 a
MiUOp Niles, San Jose and Stockton «7:l."»p
•3:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersfield, Saugns for Santa liar-
barn. Los Angeles. *1>:43 v
•3:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno •IS:l3p
*3:;iOr Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and I, us Angeles >Bs43a
•»i:i»p Santa l'« Route— Allanlie Impress
for Mojato and Kant 'Bt4»p
•OSOOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose *7i !•»*
|G:3oe Va i I c • I a : I ">
•0:30 r Oriental Mail— Ogden and East •8:.l0p
J7:OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
ti.in }0:33p
•B:wSp Oregon and California Kxpress,! Mac-
rnmeiito, Marysville, lledding,
Portland. I'ntic' .Sound and llasl. «.«t:l3\
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uaiige).
(Foot of Market Street.)
; *S:l3a Newark. Ccutertille, San Jose, FoltonJ
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »3:30p
i ■ fatlSr Newark, Center ville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Bonldcr ('reek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations .: t » «:3«»a
I •4:13p Newark, San Jose, Loa Oatos *1»:20a
tll:l3p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
i Way Stations }7:aop
/ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
| from SIS flUNCl.'.tO— Feat or Market Strett (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11.-00A.il. 11:03 *2:00 }3:CO
I •1:00 tS:CO *6:03 p.m.
! From OHUHD— root or Brcndwi.j.—-f!:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t12:03 *1:00 12:00 '3:00 1:00 -3:COi'.M.
COAST DIVISION dirosil (lange).
| (Third and •rovvil3CiHl.SU>
40: IOa Ocean Viaw, South Han Francisco.. t«»:UOp
•7:OOa San .lone ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *l:8Up
! •9iOOa Han .lose. Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Paeilie (Jrove. Paso Robles, San
Lids OWls|.o, Surf, Lompoc and
I'rinciiial Way Stations «4:IOe
, •IO:IOa San Jose ami Stations # «:33a
; *II:aUA Sau Joso and Way Stations »3:30p
fil:43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, ■'■.;•
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cnut. Salinas.
Monterey and I 'aci lie Crove 110:304,
♦8:»Op San Jose and Way Stations »7iB»p
fl:lsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations *0: 43a
f3:OopSan Jose and Principal Way Stations 1!):0')a
•3:30p San Jose and Pri uci nal Way Stations *8:83 a
•Gi3or Sau Joso and Way Stations t8:«(» A
: HI: loe San -lose an.l Way Stations *7»aQp
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Dally. | Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday ouly.
b Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
DESSBB
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot" Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 11:00 a. M.i 12:35
3:30. 6:10,' 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1.30, 3:30
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a m. ; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. tn.
Between San Franclsco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave - . I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
j October 15, j ; —
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am. 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am' Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm; 5:00 pml Santa Rosa. J 7:35 pm 6:22 i m
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg;
Lytton.
Geyserville,
- 3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
8:30 am( Ukiah. 17:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am! Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j 6:22 pm
! 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
i I and
! 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
I 7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:23 am
i 8:30 pm 5:00 pml | J:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mara West
I Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
i for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
I Springb; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
i land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
i Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Eartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
' Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
i Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
I Pottef Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's,
! Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville.
i Booneville. Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs,
j Navarro Whlteaboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
! mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
I Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
| duced rates.
On Svndays round trip tickets to all points
I beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offWs. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. PaSs. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 'V.-00, '9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; '1:46,
•3:4(, 6:15. 600, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- •800. '10:00. "11:30 a. m.; '1:15,
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m. V
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6:35. 7:40. '9:40 a. m.;
•12:30. 2:15, »3:40, '5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:00. '10:00. '11:45 a. m.;
•1:40 *3:15, 4:45. '6 30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 915 a m. :
32:35 2:35. 5:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays md
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. 2:15, 3:30,
6:00. 6:45 p. m
•, THROUGH TRAINS. i.: 7
?:00a. m. week days— Cazadero and way statlona.
S:4op. m. Saturdays— Tomales and -"ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sunday a— Tomales and way atatlooa.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
RUSINESS OFFICE of The San *?ranelseo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BITANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street: open until' 9:30 o'clock.
63J McAllister street; open until 9:33 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 O'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
V*, Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky -treets; ope* until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No; 5, R. A. M., »
will met THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_J\^
ING, OctobT Vi. it 7:3) o'clock.— Stated l£/C
meeting and R. A. degre. By order of /NT >
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec._
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and ft
A. M. -Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) __f^.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. 1. jCj\
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. /Nr >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVENING, y^\ m
7:30 o'clock. First degree. tJ\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /Nr>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 141, F. and A. M. m
-Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) J%_,
evening at 7:15 o'clock. JILX
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. f^T^
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. fa fa,
O. F.— The officers and members of the N/^
above encampment desiring to i»-/\
part In the Golden Jubilee Parade, I." *
O. O. F., are hereby notified to assemble In
their hall, corner Market and Seventh sts, |
THURSDAY, October 19, 9:30 a. m. sharp, to;
Obtain their designation. By order of
Ch. P. HIST ROEBER.
G. MOENNING. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. O. fla /g
O. F. -Special meeting THIS (TIES- NT
DAY') EVENING, October 17, at 7:30 /\ ■
o'clock, ln Assembly Hall. Odd Fel-X X
lows' building. All Patriarchs In good stand- '■
ing are Invited to witness the conferring of
the Encampment degrees before the Grand
Encampment by select teams.
WM. E. DUBOIS, C. P. !
H. C. GEORGE. Scribe. j
GOLDEN Gat*' Lodge N0., 204. I. O. <gg^&. :
O. F.— Members: You are hereby gggSSsfe j
earnestly requested to attend the -zZSffigzr
meetlng TUESDAY EVENING, // ' ,,vy . i
October 17. — Initiation and other Important
business. Hats for the parade un the 19th will
be distributed.
C. R. MACLACHLAN. R. S.
YERBA Buepa Lodge No. 15, I. O.
O. F. -Every member is requested ~gjrX&E_¥-
nnd expected to meet at our hall, c^SS^S^-
Seventh and Market sts.. THURS- •^•""^
DAY MORNING, Oct. 19. at 9 o'clock prompt
to ike part in the parade. Such as are not
able to march will otherwise be provided for.
■Watch papers Wednesday, ISth, and Thurs-
day, 19th, for notices.
MARSHAL OF THE LODGE.
Magnolia Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. -^«*2fc. i
F.— lnitiation THIS (TUESDAY) __g2KS=: '
EVENING. Members of the lodge -i^99__^'
and order please attend. _f_7_y
C. J. REHN. N. G. j
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 145, I. 6. oJ~ J^a^T" ■
F.. Invites nil visiting and resld- **^g"fefe.
ing, German-speaking Odd Fel- : ~3^«EP5r
lows to attend her regular meet- ' ""'
ing TO-NIGHT at Harmony Hall. 1749 Mission
St., opposite Woodward's Gardens. Good j
speakers; an enjoyable time is promised. By
_order E. KRUEGER, N. G.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- ;
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic j
process from Henry H. Meyer, et als.. In the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downie- j
ville. Sierra County, to deposit tailings ia a ,
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Sinnott
and F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek |
Tailing Claim, In Goodwin Township. Plumas j
County, to deposit tailings in Hopkins Creek;
and from James C. West. In the Eagle Gulch I
mine, in Butte County, near Strawberry Val- 1
ley. to deposit tailings in a worked-out pit. '
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., I
on October 30. 1899 at 1:50 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of ' stock-
holders of th* KILAUEA SUGAR I
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held 'at '
the office of the company, 327 Market street. '
In the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
25th day of October. 1899. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing I
year, and the transaction of such /ither busi- j
ness as ma.v come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14.
1899. at 12 o'clock m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Slme
Company— annual meeting of the stock- '
holders of The Slme Company will be held at i
the principal office of the company ln San
Franclsco. Cal., on WEDNESDAY, the 18th
day of October, 1599. at 2 o'clock p. m., for I
the purpose of electing directors and for the 1
transaction of such other business as may j
properly come before the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN, President. |
Dated October 7. 1899.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron- I
icle building no advance charges; all cases; |
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees: ill or write.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; pro-
secute or defend lawsuits In all courts on con-
tingent fees; employ able counsel; loan money
tn any kind of security. Advice free, by mall 1
or at office. 214 Pine st., room 64.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; i
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. ;
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St.. opp. Mason; :
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
NAGLE f. NAG] attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. -.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DA*-"'- 927 Market St.. pp. Mason.
BATH CABINETS .lIKKMAI..
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
cail and see It: descriptive booklet free. W.
P. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
WHITE agency, 1484 Market St.; a few '99
wheels, $25; mechanical repairing.
BICYCLE REPAIRS. .
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and TenthJ
. RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
MARKET, 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)—
and excellent management; Mr. M. C. Rob-
inson, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny suites
very desirable for families; flrst-class table;
quick service: reasonable rates; family suites
a specialty; American and European 'plan.
EDDY, 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
week up, with board J". 90; suit for two with
board, $12; board. $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night. :---*V ? .: ; -
VAN NESS. 400 — Large sunny front room for
lady or gentleman, with breakfast or full
board; very reasonable.
A NEW family hotel, 807 California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA," Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
hest board: for '.. $45 up; single. $20.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
MARKET. 1820 'Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, Clean intertable rooms; suJ
perior tabic board; bath: piano; reasonable.
POWELL. ?.<n (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and single with or without board.
HOARD AND ROOMS AVANTED.
GENT wants room and board; private family
] state terms. Box 22.?. Call office. '
HOOKS— -NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and "exchanged'
Holt?-- Book i'»... 704 Mission st. near Third
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$4250— MILK ranch In city; 54 cows. 7 horses 3
wagons, farming utensils; everything i m -
plete and in tip-top order; 4S cans; best class
trade; offer cne of best ever made; positive!)
full value in sight, with splendid business
thrown In; full investigation and trial if you
mean business: none but principals. M
LESS. 7*5 Market st.
$4500— RESTAURANT and oyster house:' Market
st.: magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given If
you mean business. M. LESS. -765 Market st.
$200— CORNER branch bakery in the Mission;
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap: old estab. M. LESS. 76.") Market.
CORNER grocery and bar; good corner:
• established 10 years; good trade; stock new
and clean; cause of selling old age and re-
tiring from business; lease If desired; stable
on premises. J. It. ROHR'B, 662 San Jose
aye., corner Valley St.
$3(4— SALOON, with furniture Included. ICe-
LATTGHLIN & CO.. 777'^ Market st.
J RESTAtTRANT; paving business: trial
given. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777's Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
1450— CORNER saloon, one block from Market
St., close to Odd Fellows' bldg; rent $40;
lease; daily receipts $1S; death cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— S7SCO— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din-
ing-room, etc.flf establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first : class
paving property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair call*' owner to Europe; full-,
est investigation solicited. Call K. U.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— $1100— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60: mercantile lunch; between wholesale
houses and Iron foundries; place clearing $100
per month; lease. Call WILKE, 906 Market.
A- CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors;
Market and Powell sts.: only the very best
class of patronage: no rent to pay; a spledld
off- r. R. c.. WILKE, 900 ' Mark) 5t. y.,7 772
J\ PARTNER wanted with $400 in good-paying
water-front saloon: splendidly paying; best
location call R. <*.. WILKfe. 906 Market st.
A— s4so— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell St., Including 4 rooms: daily re-
ceipts $10; rent. $25; a splendid offer. R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s3so- DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
st.; rent $35; tirst class; paying. Call WILKE,
906 Market st. -
PARTNER wanted in good paying patent
right; bear investigation. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st. .
PVRTNER wanted In first-class dairy and
milk route. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
A— CANDY store; best on Market st.; bargain.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
CANDY and confectioner storr, a bargain: call
at once. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st. _
$275— S\L<>ON doing prosperous business; 4 fur.
rms.; cheap rent. KREDO & CO.. 22-,- Geary.
A— SALOON best town on coast: $35 to $50 .
daily; cheap rent. KREDO & CO., 22' i Geary.
$1250— GROCERY' and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock; invoice $1300; $27 dally; must be
sold; sickness. KREDO & CO., i2\j Geary st.
$325— EXPERIENCED saloonman for one-half;
interest In a first-class saloon: good location;
tine business. JONES & CO., 865 Market St.
$600— FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; wholesale dis-
trict; must be sold this week on account
other business. JONES, 865 Market st.
$400— RRANCH bakery, groceries, delicacies:
doing business $;< to $12 day; two weeks' trial j
given; 5 living rooms; rent 520. JONES, 865
Market St.
CALL and see list— 3 country hotels, restau-
rants, coffee houses, branch bakeries, fine I
corner grocery, a good paying saloon, lodging
houses from l" to 100 rooms, country mer- |
chandise and bakeries for sale and exchange.
EITEL, lOOBMI Market st.
$1300— SNAP: saloon; best location In city: near
Market it.; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
BARGAIN: restaurant and oyster house op-
posite ferry; established 2.") years. Box 221,
Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; to be removed. Inquire
In saloon. Tenth and Howard sts. '
LUNCH place and variety store for sale;
cheap. 2474 Mission st. ■
GROCERY and bar for sale, cheap. 745 Bran-
nan St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
|2500— ONE of the best located drug stores ln
the city; clearing $200 per month: selling on '
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box -44. Call office. !
BARBERS Good paying 2 chair shop ln coun-
try. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
PORK and delicacy store; $30 day; trial
given. Box 843. Call office.
WELL paying restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila. Box 206, Call office.
LAW and Loan Co.. Inc.— Capital $100,000: will {
invest your money on approved and guaran- ;
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent net
Interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits ln
all courts on contingent fees; employ able'
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St., room 64.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns- j
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
FOR rent— Chicken ranch; half-Interest in,
horse, wagon, furniture, etc.. or will sell ;
whole for $200. Address box 721, Call office, |
Oakland.
FOR sale— A corner grocery and saloon: on ac- |
count of sickness. Northeast corner Battery ;
and Green Ms. .T
$300— RESTAURANT: receipts $30 a lay; owner
has other business cause of sale: fine location ;
bargain. 632 Market st.. room 6.
HALF cr five-eighths Interest in newly pat-
ented toy; great chance to make big money.
Address box SS4. Call office. j
FOR sale — Dining-room; serving 200 meals per
day; rent $25; Investigate. Box 204, Call office.
PAYING first-class restaurant in Palo A. for
sale cheap. For Information apply to A.
STOLNER. 860 Howard St., 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
FIRST -CLASS paving larber shop: selling ac-
count of sickness. DENNISON. 783% Market.
WOOD and coal yard: established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795, Call office.
FOR sale at once; make offer; stationery, toys,
etc. 1332 Polk st.
$200— PAINT shop; estab. 4" years; good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS. 926 Washington st.
BAKERY for sale; $800; no wagon: all store
trade. Address box W. Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st. ■"•.•;■ -;:
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & 1 o.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paving inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carta, harness,
etc.. .-heap EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 BETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tei. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Sth St.; tei. South 250.
J. IUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tei. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co 402 Sutter st.;
tei Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tei. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 140 14th
Ft.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tri. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 3.13 Golden
Gate aye.: tei. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M IKI'l UALISJM.
MRS. DR. APE,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles: restore lost affections; unite the sep-
-1 arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DX. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. PP. DUMOND,
Eminent clairvoyant and medium, lately ar-
rived from New York; truthful in her predic-
tions; reliable in her advice: the distinguished
clairvoyant and medium; those in trouble or
who wish to know their future should consult
this gifted medium on all matters of legiti-
mate business nature; mining, lawsuits, sepa-
! rations, love, matrimony, lost or stolen prop-
erty; full reading by mail. $;. from lock of
hair or photo; satisfaction, guaranteed. Office
1130 Market St., parlors 2 and 3.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY. the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant:
sittings, $1: diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never falls in her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m.,
! 7-10 p. m. 25c and 50c. C,]2'-_ Eddy st.
(•MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly » arrived. 8
Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission:
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 37;, McAllister; sittings
dally; test meetings, 10c: circles. 25c; 2, 8 p.m.
MPS. A PLAN IV circle, 2 p. m. ; questions
J answered; test circle to-night; 10c. 34 Sixth
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay.* 1149 Mission.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2, »
p. m. 14 McAllister, r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1206
Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye., parlor 14.
MRS. AITKENS. 120 McAllister st., flat - 1"
test medium; sittings dally.' .
EDWARD EARLE, independent slatewriter,
330. Ellis St.: seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card" reader;
past, present, future. 25c. Ms Sixth St., r. 12.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's, 50c. $1 test circles
Tues., Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m., 10c. 1035 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM
i GYPSY life reader; ratisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mail, $1. 9 Seventh st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. in.: Sun.. 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally/ 212'j Sixth st.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing: a sure
cure fcr poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Srear st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
! less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES' TO LET.
GREEN, 415— A 4-room cottage and basement;
IS. J
SUNNY" cottages, 5 and 6 rooms, basement,
yard: flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1576 Fif-
teenth st.. near Dolores.
SUNNY' corner cottage; 8 rooms, bath, garden;
rent, with stable. $.10. 828 Lombard St.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; large yard
and basement. 808 Potrero aye., near 20th,
FURNISHED CO A-T AGE WANTED
WANTED— gentleman and wife with 2 chil-
dren, to rent small j comfortably turnlshe.l
cottage with modern conveniences and garden
or yard in good residential neighborhood In
city or suburbs, Oakland or Sausalito; state
terms. Box 222. Call.
COTTAGES WAXTED.
WANTED— By a German family of four adults,
a quiet cottage or flat of five rooms and path;
no music; no cars; no noises of any kind;
rent $25. Box 72.5. Call office.
DENTISTS.
aJ^DR.~tJ~S. HIC'IINS' dental parlors, 917
Market s'.. over Cafe Zlnkard— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use <*f electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best pnd most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from 11 up; other fillings from jOe;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
rilled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; op^n
evenings and Sundays. •
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry*.
Svnol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work: teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 tip: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and 'fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $.1; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years,
TEETH extracted free: the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
' teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, -or. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.," near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. '
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
it v; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.. * graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Zbhnarzt, 6 Turk: lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in B. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IMI Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 381 Geary; dresses
mad.- $."• up; dresses made 'ver; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AY'RES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ay res' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school ih the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; satisfaction guaranteed; catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
1 practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ACCOUNTANTS and .reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay.archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SPANISH— True, thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. M. Ruiz, 201 Ash aye.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Fillippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.
EMPLOYMENT .OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help; houseeleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tei. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.: tei. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Emplcyment Office;
best help. 41!-, O'Farrell; tei. East 426.
I SAM KEE. 513 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531. '
, FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. . phone Davis 821.
EMPLOYMENT — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS colored girl desires situation as
nurse or housework: good cook; best city ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Danish cook desires situation' 3
years last place; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. '
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
girl or assist housework. MISS 11. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a flrst-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS 11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
i WANTED A situation as working housekeeper;
1 no objection to children; city preferred. Box
; 827, < 'all office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to mind baby;
1 sleep home. 403 Bryant st. ,
SWEDISH girl -wishes situation as an Infant's
nurse or care of children: references. 513 Mc-
Allister st. .
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation In small
American family; wages $25. 2409 Clay, rear.
DRESSMAKER experienced in ladles' and chil-
dren's dresses would like a ' position in pri-
vate family; would wait on lady or grown
children. Address S5O Filbert st.
SITUATION by a first-class cook; 7 years last
j place. C. A., box 840. Call office.
MRS. WOLTER, ladles' nurse. Nevada House,
i Vorner Sixth and Natoma sts.
- WANTED by a good, reliable woman, position;
! housework or cooking; Is a good cook. 175
Mission st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes position at
general hounsework. Apply 271 Clementina St.,
off Fourth.
WANTED— by a lady barber; can
give good references. 750 Howard st., first
floor, front room.
LADY* would like a position to work by day;
washing or ironing. 67 Ivy aye., between Van
Ness and Polk.
YOUNG girl would like a situation at house-
work; small family preferred. 206 Steuart-st.
NEAT Danish girl would like to do general
i housework in a respectable family; references;
$18. Please call at 33 Juniper st.
NURSERY' governess or useful companion;
Swiss lady; experienced; fluent English.
French (Paris) and German: rudiments of
music: domesticated. Eureka Hotel, cor.
Seventh and Washington sts., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE .man wishes a situation to
do general housework in a small American
family: has references. Call for two days at
113 Perry st.
SWEDISH girl wants situation at general
housework in American family. Call at. 142
Eleventh st.
WANTED— on custom coats who un-
derstand button holes; steady work. 2344
J Sixth st.
i.
EMPLOYI ENT "WANTED FEMALE.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as a
good cook or will do housework; willing and
obllglrg. Call 227 Hayes st. _^
DRESSMAKING— A thorough fitter In ladles'
suits wants engagements at $125 per day;
tailor sultß a specialty. 402 Mason st.
ENGLISH woman cook for boarding-house or
restaurant, city. 257 Stevenson st.
YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper.
all at room 18, 307 Fourth st.
WOMAN would like work by the day washing
or house-cleaning, is Hitch St., bet. Harrl-
son and Folsom.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant,
SITUATION wanted—competent lady's nurse:
.}, PPr,,; r ,, week; city or country. Address box
i^T. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open tIU 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOI7NG man 20 years of age would like posi-
tion In dried fruit house: has had experi-
ence; best of reference. Box 826, Call.
HAVE $500 to Invest with services; no agents, i
Box 824, Call.
GOOD barber (middle-aged) desires evenings,
Saturday and Sunday work. Address
HOWARD, 186 Perry st.
WANTED— Work by reliable young man at
house and carpet cleaning by the day: $1 50.
HENRY ANDERSEN. 952 Bush St.; telephone
East 963.
•YOUNG German with best education and con-
siderable business experience; versed in
English language, desires situation. Box 836,
Call. '
I WANTED Situation In private place; care of
horses and garden; reference. Box 832, Call.
YOUNG man wishes work In bakery; wages $20 '
to $25; experience. Box 842, Call.
WANTED— Situation by flrst-class bookkeeper: I
city references: books experted. Box 841. Call.
POSITION wanted by a boy of 18 ln wholesale
store or office; has had good college educa-
tion; good references; living with parents.
Box 534. Call.
i YOUNG Irishman wishes situation of some
j kind; would like to learn bartending. Box ■
I 838, Call.
WANTED— Position as assistant, carpenter hy
steady young man with 1 year's experience.
W. W.,-12% Hill st.
JAPANESE, young honest boy, wishes posi-
tion as waiter and housework In family. Y.
S.. 1606 Jones st.
CHINESE flrst-class cooks and laundrymen
want situations, city or country. Chinese
cook, 623 Davis st.
YOUNG man from the East wants situation;
care of horses.^ Box 205, Call office.
. v i
WANTED— Situation by engineer recently from
the East; good mechanic, etc. Box 744, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work on private
place; small wages. Address box 745, Call.
RESPECTABLE man- and wife wish positions
In country hotel; man as barkeeper and wife
as chambermaid: good references. Address
box 855, Call office.
CHINESE first-class cook wants position In
family boarding house: cooking or saloon.
Address CHARLEY' LUM. Si:"> 2 Sacramento.
BUTCHER— Good cutter and salesman would
like employment. Address box 730, Call.
A— MILK wagon driver: 3 years' city experi-
ence on double team: good driver; 23; Al city
refs. Box 756, Call, or 1601 Sanchez, after
7 d. m.
YOUNG man thoroughly acquainted with city
wishes situation to drive delivery wagon;
best of references. Address box 748. Call.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work ln
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
• man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office. . - ■■).* .--. 7 .-'■■'
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
In grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 150&H Franklin st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. r 7-7':.." * '.*-- '. .
EXCHANGE.
"BOOM frame house for exchange for cigar
store. COWING <<.- CO.. 986 Market st.
« EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE! MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071',. Market St.. San Franclsco: exam, free.
______________
FLATS TO LET.
A SNAP— rooms, bath; cor. Jones St.; $9.
SPECK & CO.. 607 Market st.
A— s2o— lll7 SCOTT St.; 5 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays, etc.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CAPP. 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-third; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery St.
HAVES. 658— Fine double flat; 8 rooms and
bath; yard and garden; reduced rent.
HOUSE of 9 rooms. 162 Clementina st. ; rent
$16; open from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
HOWARD, 1800, corner 14th— sunny flats, 3
and 6 rooms; rent $8 and $14.
LOVELY flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent
reasonable. 3570 Seventeenth st., nr. Guerrero.
794 LYON: brand new lower flat of 6 rooms and \
bath: reduced from $30 to $22 50; must rent. A. I
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St., cor. Third.
McALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens: modern: sunny
bay-windows: for 2 families. 417,£ Third st.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye., above
Van Ness
WALLER, 220. near Buchanan— A fine sunny
flat: 6 rooms, bath; pleasant location; cheap
rent. • -
$12— SUNNY corner flat; 6 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply grocery cor. Twenty-fourth aj*rd Florida.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
A— FLAT of . rooms; modern Improvements;
yard and cellar. SIS Tenth St., near Folsom.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined.
COc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTEdJ "
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN. 1125 Mi.ision st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your Jd-hand furniture.
WAN: $5000 carpets.furniture.etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. Silveivtein.ll2l Market.
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, ton floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches in 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
GOOD agents for a new aulcle on the In-
stallment. Apply from 9 to 10 a. m. and 4 to
6 p. m.. 37 Donohoe building. . ■-, 7-7. - .-' 7 ■■■;"■
'WANTED— Ladles or gents; salary and com-
mission 114 Jones st. . - -: >' ?',
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child. $20; woman with, a |
child. $15; see lady here. MISS CULLEN, 1
325 Sutter st. . '
»6 NEAT second girls, $15 each: 4 girls, second
. work. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS, San Jose, $15; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Santa Cruz, $20; Salinas. $20;
fare here; good place; San Rafael, $25, see
lady here this morning: Berkeley^ $25: Oak-
land. $25: Alameda. $25; Modesto, $20; Hollis-
ter. $20; St. Helena. $25; Merced, $23: Fresno,
$25; Napa. $20; Raymond. $20; and other
towns. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter, st.
WOMAN with a child; country; good home;
small wages. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS, laundress and waitress, Hum-
boldt. $30 and $25, with a raise. Apply to
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
HELP "WANTED— ' ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 185
Lady clerk, candy store, $7 week to start;
6 waitresses for State of Nevada. $20 and
fare; 2 young girls for hotels, near city. $20 •
and fare; girls, south, $20 and fare; wait-
ress and chambermaid, Crockett, $20. see
party here at 11 o'clock: laundress and cham-
bermaid to wait, same hotel, $20 each;. 6
waitresses, $5, $6, $7 week: housekeeper for'
middle-aged woman, good home, $10 month;
2 nurses (Infant), $20 and $25, see parties here
at 10:30; colored girl. $20 to $25; French sec-
ond girl; German girl to attend bakery and
assist housework. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. *
WANTED— German cook. $35; cook and second
girl, same house, $30 and $20; waitress, also
chambermaid, assist waiting, $2:. and 520; 4
Waitresses, city and country, $20. $25 and $6
a week: German nurse, $20; Ironer for coun-
try. $25: a number of girls for nice house-
work places In country, $25; 25 girls for
housework In city, $20 to $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.", 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— By a wholesale house employing a
number of office women, a young woman re-
siding in this. city p. act as clerk; must have
had a high record in her classes at school, in
deportment, arithmetic and penmanship. Ad-
dress in Ink In own handwriting, with a few
columns of numerals. Merchant, box 830, Call.
A TAILORESS wanted on coats. Apply room
410, Examiner building.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. 102-106
Battery st. ■:.... .7*--:<":-7
EXPERIENCED vest maker; must be good
operator. 26 Elgin Park, bet. Hermann and
Thirteenth sis.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wanted. Call at
1207% Bush st. __^
YOUNG girl to take care of boy 6 years old.
Apply forenoon, 2203 Buchanan st.
NEAT girl. 16 to 20, for general housework: 2
in family. 123 Powell st., bet. 9 and 11.
WHITE or colored girl for light housework,
plain cooking. Address M.. box 833. Call.
PROTESTANT companion to lady In country
home: must do housework; .treated as one of
the family; salary $10; no trltlers. Box 831,
Cail office.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work and wait at
table. Call 9 to 12, 902 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLAPS sewing girl. Golden West
clothing Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2225
Sutter st. ; wages $15.
YOUNG girl to assist In very light housework;
sleep home. 823 Larkin st.
HAIR dresser and manicure; also apprentice.
Elite Dermatology Institute, 838 Market st.
GIRL for housework. Call at 1520 Post St.
WANTED FirtH-class waist hand Tuesday
morning. 2012% Fillmore st.
OLD lady for very light housework: German
preferred. Call 320% Ritch, bet. 10 and 3.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $15. 1530 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GirI to assist with second work and 1
care of grown child. 2293 Frajiklln St.
WANTED— First-class German cook. Apply
at 1721 Van Ness aye., bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— DoubIe entry bookkeeper and
stenographer: must have commercial experi-
ence. Address box 825, Call.
GIRL for general housework; 2 ln family; $10.
1132 Fulton st
NURSEGIRL wanted. Apply 718 Mafket st.
WANTED— Young girl to do general house-
work; need not cook. Call at IS3I Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on shirts after ma-
chine; also a body Ironer and starcher:
hours 7:30 to 5:30 only. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— GirI to help wait at table. 8
Golden Gate aye. -
YOUNG girl for general housework ln Ameri-
can family; Inquire after 9 a. m. ; references.
712 Cole st., near Waller.
GIRL for general housework; home cooking;
3 In family; wages $12. Apply 532 Lyon st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to work In a
hotel. Apply SE. cor. First and Mission.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
that understands cooking and general house-
work; Inquire bet. 2 and 5 p. m. 317 Larkin.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2651
Howard st.
WANTED— First-class talloress to work on
pants. 83 Stevenson St., In rear.
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep home;
wages $10. 772 Folsom st.
WANTED— and operators on custom
coats: big wages. D. ABRAMS, 40 Ellis st.,
room 52. ' /•,,-'.■ • '. •'7
WANTED Good finishers on custom coats;
steady work; good wages. Donohoe building,
room 7S.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5% Kearny st.,
room IS.
WANTED— lmprovers on skirts. FRANCES.
796 Sutter at
WANTED— GirI to help waiting at table. 619
Sacramento st.
GIRL wanted to wait at table at 415 Stockton
street.
GOOD finishers and experienced apprentice girl
on custom coats. 126 Russ st.
WANTED— Neat German girl to attend store.
112 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted. BOWHAY',
516 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young girl to help lady take care
of baby. '.'l3 Buchanan st. *;
WANTED-Girl. 712 Mission St.; call in the
morning. I
FINISHERS or. pants; steady work. S5B How-
ard St., bet. 4th and sth; over handball court.
GOOD coat finisher; also buttonhole maker. 135
Natoma st. -.;.-.-;
GIRL for light housework; wages $10 per
month: call after 9 a. m. 4 Twelfth st.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 621 Devlsa-
dero st.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 14 Grant aye., room 72.
WANTED— A nurseglrl at 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— Wetnurse for a child 5 weeks old.
3539 24th St.; call at once.
GOOD waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont St..
are putting ln the ' very best sewing ma-
chlr«* and will take In several huncfted more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS hands on Indies' tailor skirts
and coats; only best need apply; highest sal-
aries paid. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny.
GIRL. 17. care of baby: make herself useful;
good home: $10. Box 740. Call.
WANTED— Good girl.' light housework; wages
$12 per month. 612 Stanyan st.
WANTED— finisher on custom vests.
6 Eddy St., room 111.
WANTED— French housekeeper between 30 and
35. F. LEBLANC. 736 Montgomery St.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking: paid while
learning. 14 McAllister st., room 53.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
. ers wanted on custom work. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
WANTED— or 4 energetic ladles; good pay.
. 114 Jones st. .«,*
'GIRLS on vests; machine and hand; also ap-
prentice. 641% Stevenson st.
WANTED— makers and . trimmers.
North Beach Wonder. 1411 Stockton St.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overstitch. 121 Grant ay.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts. .
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels; low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MAN and wife to work on a ranch: $40: no ob-
jection to a child; call early. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED-Steady man to collect and make
himself useful: light work; must be satisfied
with $15 per week and have $75 cash. Apply
1032 Market St., room 4. *
WANTED— men to collect and solicit.
3 Taylor st. *
EXPERT shoe salesman desires position; refer-
ences Al. Address Hustler, box 837. Call.
WANTED— enterprising, . steady man or
woman: .well-paying, genteel business; must
have $200. Address D. M., 523 Grove st.
WANTED— on cakes; call early. 2133
FiHmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE. |
MURRAY ft READY .PHONE MAIN SS4S j
Leading Employment and Labor Agents j
Want to-day, from 7 a. TO., HELP FOR ARI-
ZONA. UTAH, WASHINGTON. OREGON,. :
BRITISH COLUMBIA AND ALL PARTS OF !
CALIFORNIA J
harnessmaker for ranch ...bench hand j
wheelwright, country shop wood turner'
band sawyer shoemakers... -..slate, splitters j
lather.... sash and door maker... block maker
shingle packer.... iron molder. ...granite cutter !
$3 50, $3. $2 50 d*y COME AND SEE |
MURRAY & READY', 634 and 636 Clay St.
BUTCHERS.. CARPENTERS.. BLACKSMITHS I
9 carpenters, steady Job. sawmill company, $3 :
per day; 2 carpenters, city. $2 30 day; 7 black-
smiths' helpers. $50, $45. $30 and found: also ;
4 helpers: 2 butchers, country. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
12 LABORERS, fare $150 $2 25 day
26 teamsters, 4 horses $52
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
5 GOLD MINES..* ...6 SILVER MINES
IS OTHER MINES '
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
16 miners, single hand drills, silver.. found
52 laborers, no experience required. $57 per j
month. Including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $63'
16 laborers, you will stilt, fare $2 50 $32 50,
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found !
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY ..634 and 636 Clay st. |
FARMS DAIRIES STABLES
26 plow teamsters $30. $26 and found
58 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $20, $26. $25. $20 and fd
12 milkers $30, $25 and found
10 bean pul. ers, fee $1, fare $1....530 and found
12 chore men and boys $20. $15. $10 and fd
12 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, etc.,
$50, $43. $40. $35, $30. $25 and found, In city and
country: 25 harvest hands $1 day and fd
3 farmers and wives and milkers and wives,
$40 $33 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. _
WE PAY* YOUR FARES
..TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
....197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT J085....
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
Wages from $26 to $40 and found
....Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers....
Tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers
woodsmen and millmen of every description,
$80. $75. $66. $50. $45. $40. $30, and found: wood- 1
choppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds j
WE PAY MURRAY fc READY,
YOUR FARES 634 at^d 636 Clay st. ]
WE SHIP YOU FREE... I
CROWDS GOING DAILY
TO EVERY RAILROAD BUT ONE
Drillers, laborers, teamsters, stonemasons, etc.,
$3 50 day. board and lodging $4 50 weekly.
MURRAY & READY,: WE DON'T SHIP
634 and 636 Clay st TO COAST R. R.
BIG WAGES
26 laborers, Inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare 50c .' $60
12 quarrymen. country $60
SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and
country Jobs. $3, $2 50. $2. $1 75 day; some by
the day. others factories, etc
MURRAY' & READY', 634 and 036 Clay st.
COOKS... WAITERS BAKERS. ETC.
18 cooks, also second and third
$55, $45. $10, $30 and found
19 waiters $30, $25. $20 and found
32 dishwashers $25, $20. $15 and fount
5 porters. $20 and found hotel bakers, $40
4 bakers, first, second and third hands
$40. $35, $25 and found
night steward 5 laundrymen
bedmakers 2 barbers $50.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARTENDER. $50 and found; colored he*d
waiter, large country hotel, $50 to $00; French
first and second cook, $100, country hotel; 10
cooks, city, $50 to $60: German head cook. $60;
German baker and pastry cook, hotel, $40: 10
kitchen hands. $30; 15 dishwashers. $25 and
$30; bedmakers, $9 and $10 a week: extra
cooks: baker, cakes .and bread, $40; waiters,
$30; German waiter, hotel country, $30; pantry
men, $25; English butler, $45: buggy washer,
and harness cleaner, $55; 2 hostlers, $50 and
$45; coachman, private place country, see
party 9 o'clock, $30 and found; buttermaker,
$30; blacksmith and shoer, $18 a week: band
sawyer, $3 a day; butcher and drive wagon,
near city. $20 and found; 60 laborers, city and
country, $2 a day; driver milk wagon, $30; 3
laborers, $1 25 and found ; carpenter to frame
lumber for railroad tunnel work. $3 50 a day,
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
FREE FARE. ..COAST ROAD. ..FREE FARE
Teamsters and laborers; ship this morning
and Thursday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st,
WANTED— Shingle sawyer, $45, found; shingle
packer; buggy-washer, $50, stable men, $30
and $35 and found; janitor; chore boy, pri-
vate family, $10; 12 quartz miners, $2 25 and
$2 50 day; timberman for mine, $2 75 day;
flrst-class house painter, $3 day; paperhanger,
$3 50 day: butcher boy, $15 and found; farmer
and wife, $33; young inside servant, private
family, $20; farmers. $20 and $26: 2 Germans
to run tunnel by contract; laborers, muckers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. _y
WANTED— FuII crew frr country hotel; J2OO for
kitchen chef. 2 seconds, pantryman and dish-
washer; good situations for the right people.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Baker for camp, $40; first-class
keeper, $50; third cook, lunehhouse, $35: 3
oyster and chophouse cooks, $10. $12 week;
restaurant cook. $12 a week: panwasher tor
bakery, $25; night steward, $10 week; restau-
rant waiters, $8 and $10 week; dishwashers
and other:-*. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Coachman and gardener, gentle-
man's place near city, $25 and found; 5
laborers about mine.' no experience required.
$1 day and board; 20 laborers and woodsmen
foe large mill and legging camp at going
wages and fare advanced; also farmers,
milkers, laborers and teamsters: cooks, wait-
ers and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route ln city, $35
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED Respectable German for house-
work, etc., In small private family. $15 and
found and increase. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. '
WANTED— Boy with horse to carry papers
south of Market st. Apply at 629 Washing-
ton st., from 4 to 5.
STRONG boy wanted to learn trade. Iron
Works, 117 Beale st.
WANTED— A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman in piano hoiise.
Box 829. Call office.
WANTED— baker; bread and cakes.
727 Larkin st.
2 BOYS for painting: stage work; 7:30 o'clock
Tuesday morning. 1926 Taylor st., cor. Filbert.
PAINTER wanted at 721 Shotwell st. to-day.
WANTED— A waiter at 207 Third st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.
GOOD bootblack wanted; colored man pre-
ferred. 2 Eighth st.
A WAITER wanted. Apply 261 First st
SHORT-ORDER cook and good dishwasher
wanted at 234 East st.
BARBER wanted at 1333 Market st.
WANTED— first-class porter. 23S O'Farrell
street.
STRONG boy wanted as blacksmith's helper;
with experience in horseshoeing. 437 Fran-
cisco st. *
DISHWASHER wanted at 18 Folsom st. cor
of Steuart. ■■'; '
DISHWASHER-Rellahle. sober young man-
good home for right party. 448 Third st. '
FIRST-CLASS tailors, wanted. BOWHAY 516
Sutter st.
BARBERS— Good 3-chalr shop; $63; cause sick-
ness; bargain worth investigating. 'BER-
NARD. 104 Seventh st. B *' "*"
PLUMBER wanted. Apply 17 Drumm st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 422 Post St.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1390 Turk st.; call
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted; steady
work. MARTIN BROS.. 17 Stockton st *
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted as a part-
Thi 1? ff? into business: good opportunity for
■ the right man. Box 707, Call office.
C °A , MA KER want<>( ' to take seat room. 935
Market st., room 18.
F^u?t"h Good . waiter for restaurant; » 6 *
680 Fourth St.
c , t ii e CALIFORNIA CLOTHING
RENOVATORY. 116 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS bedmaker wanted; $20 and
room. Apply 149 Third st.
TAILORS wanted on custom coats. 102-106
Battery st.
TO tailors — First-class coat and trousers
makers-, wanted. Apply at 408 Kearny st.
PANTRYMAN for the Ahlborn House. 319
Grant aye.
WANTED— Tailors and Pressers. D. ABRAMS,
40 Ellis St., room 52.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 631 Clay st.
PAINTER wanted at 175 Seventh st. ,
BARBERS' Protective Unlon-The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. ,T. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
GOOD Bhoemaker wanted. 611 Laguna.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS,ISGrant.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
G^OTr~barberl~~st^ady; $14 per week. 628
Broadway. *"_>• - . :
WANTFD-A good coatmaker by the week. 410
Kearny st.. room 35. -
MEN to learn barber trade; only SKg£*jnj
quired; constant practice; »P« , .^ ,r ™ 0 ( ;:
lectures on dermatology: baturd **.«*££•
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, Clay St.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63j Clay si.
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House Proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ;U5O, large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. fa. * .
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
TO Tailors-Good .at me kers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. enl-rance.
(HAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED-100 men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; best in city. 40b McAllister
st., near Polk. ,- -*-■■'• - - .
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
FIRST-CLASS operators on ladles" coats. A.
CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
2 COATMAKERS. 623 Market st., room 3, 13
to 1 o'clock. ;
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— busheimen. 2504 Greenwich St.;
first-class wages. .
FIVE good hustlers, not afraid to work; good
pay to right men; salary. 300 Post st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tei. Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
. for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; freo
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. 1096 Va-
lencla st. •}
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1519 Mission st., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will b»
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
ln harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
ofnorses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
TO be sold immediately, fresh cows to dis-
solve partnership: all young and flrst-class
stock; also one steel gray horse; weight 1300
pounds; 5 years old; also low heavy bay horse.
P. J. CODY. Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
*0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth' st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOP sr.le — A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna St.. bet. First and Second.
HOUSES LODGING — FOII SALE.
! IF you wish to bny lodging-house, 100 of the
j best bargain in city. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
1 $3000— House of 16 rooms. 12 furnished; pays
I from $70 to $75 a month; or will rent for $30
to responsible party. 113 Trenton St., bet.
! Pacific and Jackson. Stockton and Powell sts.
; 19 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; always
rented; rent $30; on Mission st., near Sixth;
clears $50 per month; a bargain. Apply 969
I Mission st.
! $1400— 30-ROOM house; finely furnished: all
! rented: on Market St.; central. BASILE, 3
Eddy st.
• HOWARD, 704, cor. 3d— Nice cor. house; good
j location; full; cheap; account retiring.
] $650 House 12 rooms; Van Ness near Grove.
Address box 1848. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
j A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ADVANCES at lowest interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
! ELEGANT corner residence. Pacific Heights,
containing large parlor, reception hall. 5 bed-
rooms, billiard room, servant rooms, large
grounds, etc., including all carpets, draperies
and billiard table. Full particulars, MADI-
SON & BURKE.
! $12 50—11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden:
j chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
CASTRO. 746— New house of 8 rooms; fine gar-
' den: all the latest plumbing; rent reasonable.
I HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 10 rooms; large garden and stable.
4 Colllngwood st.
LAGUNA, 1717 and 1715—2 sunny modern
houses, each of 8 rms.; bath: newly papered.
2756 Twenty-third st., bet. York and Hamp-
shire; 6 rooms, bath, yard; latest Improve-
ments; rent, $16.
, 9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance)
ln rear; newly painted, papered. 313*4 O'Far-
rell st. near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms. 425 Fremont st.; grand
vie".-. -.'..,
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
POST, 1404. 2 blocks west of Van Ness aye.—
Elegantly and completely furnished house;
10 rooms and bath; all sunny; must be seen
to be appreciated; rent reasonable to good
tenant
LOST /.SD FOUND.
LOST— pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Franclsco, In the
name of ELIZABETH SAUL. No 190-085. The
finder will please return to bank.
BAG of money, somewhere on Market, bet. 4th
and 7th sts. Please return same to 602 14th
st. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— At Chutes, a fob marked "A. F. to
J. 0., Sept. 24." Return 2117 Mason; reward.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KIOTH. 220 California st.. r. 7.
MEDICAL. ~~
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free: home ln confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st., between
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st..* has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, .ladles' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
HOME in confinement: treatment $•">; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st: consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11' Mason St.
MIXES AXD MIXTXG.
TO railway, mining or general contractors-
Employment wanted after November 1 by
man experienced in handling railway, car,
etc., and general, or manufacturers' supplies;
competent to take charge of purchases and
distribution; experienced office manager and
correspondent and of legal education. Ad-
dress box 853. Call Office.
DRIFT gravel mines and partly developed
quartz mines, for sale at low figures: may be
I paid for out of proceeds; purchaser may deal
with owner direct; also placer ground open
to location. W. F. ARAM, Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tei. Mala 844.
MISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery^ McJJ
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back 7 bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
G ? OI 2 typewrite*: only $23; get sample of work.
L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all flrug-
gists. or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
SAFES— Ne-.v and second for banks, merchants.
steamer*, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests: tui", ion safes, vault-s. etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal
FRESH snowballs — "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick. Are clay. brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.. tei. Main 50M.
FOR SALE— Second-hand »haftings. pulleys,
hangers. 1 s«w table, cne Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS. 1613 Market St.
BARS, counters; shelving, showcases bonght and
7 scld. EIBEN. HIS Mission: Tel. Jessie 1163.
f HOISTING engines,3 steamers. 3 locomotives,
11 cars and aii machinery used on Eureka
- J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
FOR sale— Tao oak " a h' ne t-n-.aker's benches:
cheap. 1523 Fifteenth st.
1 1 -MESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: oak;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission, near 15th.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
hollers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second band. THE HER-
MANN SAKE CO.; 417-421 Sacramento st.
A— M 58 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
tllar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
EIX h. p. pasoltr.e enein^: also 15 h. p. portable
toiler, encir.e. Krcgh Mfp. Co., Stevenson st.
ID-HAND door?.. lumber, sash, etc.. for sale
c^eap: eld houses bought, rem'd. S Valencia.
I">0 ycu knew cf tools or machinery fcr sale?
EPSTEIN. •'■!■" Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and errtr.es. H. S. "'hite. eis Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.: gas c::<., 21 hand. J. Burke. 131 Beale.
I'RESS pants. S2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
<*LOT'T!N<; ■■■--- Montromery st.
MISCELL ANEOUS AVANTS.
ONE" second-hand cabinetmakers' bench. 60
Morris aye.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-clsss scraperteams
with harness ar.d pead tars; long Job. ___. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
A — Lad:e»' or cents* Clothing, furniture bought,
soli: tei. Mint 997. JACOBS. V2?> Folsom «t.
LAW ROOKS boueht. sold and -xchar.ced at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montsromery St., upstairs.
GOOD hunting doc and gun; must be cheap for
cash. I>> East st.
OLD go!d. (t-'.d dust, rlstinum and silver
b^'-.cy-r ' ■' Landecker ', C-v rig Mgtrtromery.
NONE? TO LOAN.
ANY amount cf furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, cr any other good rtcurity: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
ewe a balance en the purchase price we wtll
poy it and carry the loan a« long as you de-
sire; avoid ied tape and publicity; sej us first;
ycu will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call g-g Donohoe bide.. 1171 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d ar.d 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies boueht; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
piancs- no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F. . Oak-
land cr Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second, mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
TT.cr'CHzes: confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 15. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays: try ail others, then s--e me:s"oto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages ;estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages boueht : advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
LAW ar.d L>an Co. I'.nc.l— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security: prosecute cr
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fee*; employ able counsel: Leeal advice free
by mail or at office, 214 Pine st.. room 64.
HIGHLT respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Stcre. S4? Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 1? Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mcrteaees. and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note -xlth-
out lndorser: also on diamonds, watches and
jewelry. MORP.ELL. 6f? Examiner building.
MONEY to loan: quick: a.l propositions: small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry. stock: low
rat^s. J. H. EDSON. 1207- Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. jeweiry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $"<>.00O: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRTDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON t'emitur*. piancs, "without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF -yonr property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY YVANTED.
W A NTED— $.VV> for 3 years at 5 per cent to sat-
isfy rc'-M-tgajre; ranch in Sonoma County. Box
7-6 Call office.
Ml »l« INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling eood upright pianos fcr $6
cash and $6 per month, we ae* you to Investi-
gate ani approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for ait cash; bargains
In gcod second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$*. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Franclsco, and Thirteenth ani
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW bargains for this week.
Three orpans. $50 up.
Eteinway upright; first-class condition.
Steck: neariy new; walnut case.
E squares. $40 up; '• per month.
Four I_v VYebers; reasonable BTer accepted.
One Chlckering; mahogany case.
BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west cf Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. IS and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: t-^rms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tbe
customer.
DECKER &. SON pianos are always best to
buy. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
$100, $150, $175. $2<y or $250 WILL pay for a good
piano .it MAUVAIS", 769 Market St.. if you
nuy now.
PIANOS at auction prices In storage cheap fcr
cash. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
LARGE church orean used at Mechanics' Fair;
a barcalr.. BYRON MAUZY. S"S Pest st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-p»dal upright piano; cost $400;
r.eariy new. 1625 Webster, cor. Sutter st.
A FINE Steinway upright left by private party;
sacrificed. Room 12. Flood building.
BARGAIN— Coed upright; cheap. KITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
A— UPRIGHTS. 565 up; Installments. $5 75 up.
rents. $2 up fallowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bac^-n and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A— l<s UPRIGHT p'.ano in fine condition; also
y.Y._ famous Hornung Brcs. 218 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; a's the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister it.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. MM
Pest St.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
I.EP & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. H.
-1* '.1.t. P.. maker, rerairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. "24— Handsome large store; cheap to
good tenant.
E "2 RTr * n iI W ' for ,eit8 *> 9M Howard St., large
st re an-l ', trge concrete basementJ
palmistry:
MME. NFERGAARD~^lT^rCou^r^~G>r^ I
"ij -7 "'- . f ' 6 Geary st.. Ebove Jones; classes;!
Ofnce Boors 1 to 8 r m.: reading by mat!. $1. ;
PARTNERS n INTEO.
PARTNER wanted with $a»; $500 cash: balance !
en Ume;_ligt.t b-.;sir.-'<-s; come investigate; no !
agent. Can at 2 Eighth st.. barber shop. j
PERSONALS. ;
ALL gents wishing to marryi wealthy! tend 10c
.for latest litt. J^-^HERTZ,. 7>* Ellis st.
HIRSUTINE CO., h air specialists^ grow, hair
v ha*r
or no pay; book fcr stamp. 6 Eddy st.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges Jewelry !
ci ? th \%'_ e VJ;^ r T a / : nou:U I '~' ar "" 1 and lnter-
e.-t. t.i. T KAIL LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason. !
L^ERER-SQUINTONICA hair Unite; a pow- i
erful nourishment to weak ar.d impoverished I
hair -V^ bottle. G. LEDEREI^ja' Stockton.
IMPORTED HAIR styles halrdr^mg 7 "^"
shampooing. t, SCe; short hair, r.c; restoring
gray hair ia natural color. $1 E0 to $5- bleach- I
Ing roots of hair. lC<c. C. LEDERER. 123 Stkn. j
JOHN L. BOONE j Patent Trademark i
Attorney at Lew. and Copvrißht
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Franclsco. Cal. : American and Foreign
Send for circular. I Patents Solicited.
CARPENTER PHOP.
Estimates furnished cr. all kinds of wcrk
rocflng. etc. MUNRO & CO., tei. Jackson €2*/
PERSONALS.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 73:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market st., under -• Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market*. 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace cf Art. 16 Pest st. Ladles with escorts
admitted frrm S:3O p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE
DR c a. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office. 317 Powell st.
A KLEIN buys clothinp. bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold: send for him. 108 Sixth St.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
'ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods . bought,
sold, exchanged. 523 Dupcnt st.. nr. Cal.
MRS L.J. WHEELOCK has removed La Vertte
Parlcrs to IHO Market; phone Folsom 416.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
5. SO up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth s-t.
IN"CRU s ' r VTION— New invention for china dec-
orators." See S R. CHURCH. W7 Sansome st.
"B \LL-BE KRING" sewing machines: no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. MO Po<t st.
SIME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 122 Eddy sL
MI.I CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. :."■* Kearny St.. f.rst floor, rooms 2-3.
! LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
t garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
* RUPTURE piles cured: examination free.
j Drs. Mansfleid i- Prrterfl«: i. S3S Market St.
IF you wish full vaiue for your cast-o2 clcth-
\ ir.g. call en B. COHEN. 157 Third st
' RUPTURE, stricture cured: r.o knife: no injec-
I tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order en easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be:. 7:h ar.l 'th.
WANTED— OId giM for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
jA-^-ajer ims Q- Farrell. eet .' -.veil A Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC »i i'PLIE*.
FINEST and fullest stcck: square deal and
prompt service: country orders cur specialty;
catalogue free. Cnl. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021 M: Market sf.. bet. Sixth a- 7 Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
AUOTONJfOF RESIDENCE. INVESTMENT
AND UNIMPROVED FROPERTI
AT SALESROOM.
11 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MONDAY... iX'TOBER 23. 18*9.
At 12 o'clock noon.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
173> Bryant St.. ccr. 17th: grand 2-story resi-
dence; 12 rocms. bath, laundry and -. ants'
rooai; larse stable, etc.; lot 100x125.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
523 O'Farrell st near Polk: modern S-story
bav-wlndow house, S rooms ani bath; lot 2.:6 x
120. to Olive aye.
-TEEN ADDITION" RESIDENCE.
241" California St.. near Fillmore; 7 rooms and
bath: renting for $30; large tot, 34:4' 2 x137;6, to
close an estate.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Callforala-st. lot. near Devisudero: ncrth side;
3«:2x137:6; cne of the choicest lots on this fine
street.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
2043. 2043"^ and 2iM3 Mission St.. near 16th:
three-stcry bay-window bull ling of 2 flats and
store; flats contain 7 rooms . and bath each;
renting for $00 per month; lot 25x105.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
Noe and 26th sts.; SE. corner: SOxlli; level
and ready to build on; street sewered.
MANUFACTURERS' SITE.
15th and Harrison sts.; SE. corner; 50x124:2; 3
fronts.
TEAMSTERS. ATTENTION.
ISth St.. SE. cor. of Treat aye.; 33x150; suit-
able for stable or factory.
3 BUILDING LOTS. TRUSTEES' SALE.
East aide of Florida St.. near 16th; £sxloo
each, on car line.
T' ITRERO LOTS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Nine lots en Utah and —.-'■'.■ ttt cor.
ir-th st. : 25x100 each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
CENTER (fr SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S.
GOOD INVESTMENTS.
$40.000— Grand investment; vicinity of Mason
St.; rents $402.
$30.0»— Stores and 12 fiats; rents $300; lot SOx
165 feet.
$14.t00 — Geary st., near Mason; store and
lcdginK-house.
$12.000— Mason St., not far from Geary: 35-
-foot front.
$i4.i<«;i — Three eiegant flats of 9 rooms each;
renti $113: salt water; near Geary st.; down
town.
$10.500 — New flats: very fine; rents $&5.
S-Ssoo— Mark»t-st. flats; lot 30 feet front; a
snap.
$7500 — Three er>-- new flats: rents $S0; near
Powell and Bush sts. ; all rented.
j.Vjoo — i'alifornia St.: 3 flats: rents $45.
$475*3 — Turk st. : 2 flats and stable; reduced
from SSSOO; large lot.
$1770 — Cozy 7-room house; lot 25xl*» feet; nice
grounds: rent $16 50.
$20CO- Two flats: rents $IS.
P^V' — Cozy new cottase; large lot
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667
Market st.
TWO flats and basement: rents {54: sell or trade
for country hotel or ether business; modem 7-
room cottage on Diamond st. : J*".*.; big bar-
gain. GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 Kearny st.
FOR sale — 402 San Jose aye., house of 7 rooms
as good as new: all modern improvements; lot
25x100 price $2000. See owner. 70y San Jose aye.
LOT near Golden Gate Park for one-half Its
value. COWING &.-CO-. 905 Market st.
COLE St., No. 734; new Park residence of 8
rooms; up-to-date plumbing; street work all
done; all the modern improvements: to be
seen to be appreciated. Apply on premises.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$tSoo— sl4 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement.
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 108 Thirtieth st.
FOR sale- Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth: renting for $130 per month. See
Bew Drug Company, Alameda.
NEW house: mi: 1 ' be removed account Santa
Fe railroad depct. 2! Bryant St.. near Main.
CHICKEN ranch on San Bruno road; $*00. Ap-
ply to MRS. GRAVES, opp. Slx-mlle House.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Snle
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek, S miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded: 2.V> acres good scraln land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch railroad facilities. In person
P.. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park
$3500; WORTH $7000.
Lot 100x270, corner San Leandro road and
Rose st., in Pltchtmrg; new buildlna. con-
taining store, saloon, 7 rooms, all Improve-
ments; in perfect order; fine garden; stable
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside rescrt: must be sold; account slck-
r.ess of owner. Apply on premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door: also branch office Call. Oakland.
$3000 BUYS 62 acres choice Santa Crux County
land; free from stones; all fenced and culti-
vated: It Is excellent for apples and other
fruits: schoolhouse. railroad station and ware-
house across the street; only ij mile to bay
and ocean surf driveway; a fine spring and
unpretentious heme and bam included; fur-
there partlclars on application. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 47" Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A PARTNER for a country merchant business;
a fine business location, with 150 acres of land
Included; $37*V> for a 50-acre farm 2 miles
from Red Bluff. with a 4-room house and
barn and 100 fruit trees; on easy terms. Box
fif. Call.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 633 Parlor floor unfurnished; 3 rooms;
gas and bath; large sunny rooms.
BUSH, 1233—3 small back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; range and bath; rent U.
CLAY. 2421. in rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
CLARA, 16-3. near sth— 2 furnished rooms; $6; '■
L 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms.
EIGHTH. 348, near Market— Two sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished fcr housekeeping; private family.
ELLIS 1129— Two unfurnished alcove rooms '■
for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 34S— Suite of rooms furnished complete
for housekeplng; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con- j
necting. $13; also single. $5 to $7.
FOURTH. .."—Nice large rooms suitable for
housekeeping.
HARRISON, 731— Two rooms furnished com-
plete for housekpg; large yard; bath; rent $13.
HOWARD. 649—2 large -ooms for housekeeping,
with bath. >
HYDE. S— 2 sunny unfurnUhed rooms far house-
keeping; reference required.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable j
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
THE SAN FRAIS CISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1599.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
| JACKSON. 520. near Mason— Furnished large
sunny housekeeping rooms, $7 to $9; single, $4.
JACKSON, 3»:i9— Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen:
j sunny; yard; bath; $16, with gas. .
| KEARNY. 200— Single rooms, sunny front and
housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN, 326 — Clean, sunny housekeeping
! apartments; $16 to $25 nth; central.
MARTHA place, 2. oil Geary, nr. Taylor— ! fur-
nish- rooms for housekeeping.
MOSS, IS. off Howard, near Seventh— Two or
three rooms furnished for housekeeping.
NICELY furnished flat. i or 3 rooms, for house-
keeping. Box 2MW. Call office. .
i OAK 116— Elegant newly furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; private.
SACRAMENTO. 1314. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Elegantly furnished large sunny front rooms:
also single; modern Improvements: light
housekeeping If desired.
SCOTT, 1210— Two nicely furnished rooms; bath;
kitchen: pas range.
SEVENTEENTH, S7S9— Furnished or unfur-
; nisi - housekeeping; ladles preferred; very
reasonable. *
. TEHAMA. 47S— $12; 3 sunny furnished front
rooms, -. -hen: complete for housekeping.
! VAN NESS. SlS— Sunny unfurn. rooms or furn.
to suit housekpg. ; running water; gas. bath.
• VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny-
j suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
i ! FRONT sunny rooms, suitable for house-
j keeping. 515 Franklin st.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at the
j northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
I tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
| ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfnrn.
i AN up-to-date new fire-proof building—
Antonio"; opening Oct 14; electric elevator;
I hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates:
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor st., near Market.
| A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
i 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
I light housekeeping; open all night.
lAT Hotel Franclsco, Turk -.nd Taylor sts.—
i Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
I bath: rooms 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
I BOHEMIA. 239 Pest— Sunny corner suits and
I single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen
j and families; elevator; special rates to tray-
! cling men.
| BURNETT. 1426 Market 'old No. 1364)— Fur-
j nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
j CARROLT 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
' CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 10» (Golden State House)— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms, 50c per day up; II 30
i to $6 per week; centrally located.
! EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
j rooms; $1 50 week up: elevator day and night.
i ELEVENTH. 266* 5 — A furnished room to
j woman only: $3 per month.
| ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
j ELI 607— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; de-
; sirable location; rates reasonable.
j FOLSOM.- 1107. Flat B— Single front room; pri-
vate family; rent $6 per month; gentlemen
only.
| GEARY. 40." iThe Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HTER.
i GEARY. E56- Elegant sunn- front and back
parlor; piano; phone; housekeeping; other
j rooms.
j GEARY. l->t5 — Beautiful furnished front room;
I opp- park: also housekeeping rooms; reason-
( able: references.
; GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1525—3 nice rooms, with
I carp>et. pantry, bath, and water free; $14.
■ GRAND SOUTHERN-Southeast ccr. Seventh
■ and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
j single: ladles' parlor; reading root elevator.
! HANCOCK House. is\ Mission— Select family
I rooming house; 51 50 to $6 per week.
I HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
j sunny room: board optional: reasonable.
j HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
-1 nished; every convenience; electric lights.
i HUGHES House. 214 Third-Newly renovated;
J 25c to 50c per nigh ; tl 50 to $3 p-r w«»H.
' MARKET. K-35- Elegantly furnished sur.ny
I front rms.: mod. cony,; best location ln city.
j McALLISTER. 412. flat No. I— Nicely fur-
| nished sunny rooms for gentlemen.
j McALLISTER. 465— Nicely furnished sunny
I rocms: suitable for gentlemen: private fam.
i McALLISTER. 515— Nice sunny newly fur-
| nished rooms; gas. bath, running water;
j transient.
: McALLISTER, 7r.7*j. near Ooueh— Sunny rooms
I nicely furnished; center of town.
I MCALLISTER, 7C2U— Sunny furnished or un-
! furn!«hed rooms: suite or single; private fam.
I MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
: bay- window room; $1 per week; transient.
i "NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms. and single. IS up; also hkpg.
1 OAK. 3S5 — Nicely furnished sunny room; | rt-
i vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
! O'FARRELL. 32i— Nice sunny rooms, single or
! en suite: gas. bath, modern conveniences.
I SECOND. 505. near Bryant— large front room
with grate: bath; hot and cold water; suit-
! able for two.
I SEVENTH. 3. near Market— Sunny furnished
! single rooms, $1 up.
! SHERMAN Ar-Ttment House. 2J E'shth St..
! near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
j TENTH. "C near Market— Small light room;
! running water; rent $3.
THE r..ks. lift Third— A good rooming house
for good pecple. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
I THIRD. 303— Housekeeping rocms. $2 per week;
I also single rooms for men; $1 per week.
I TURK. S3s— Elegant sunny »m; private fam-
j ily; all modern conveniences; ref. re-julred.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
[ subscriptions has been established at the ;
j northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- I
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS WANTED.
i ROOM In return for lessons a short! or
bookkeeping. Box 523. Call office.
! WANTED — 2 light sunny housekeeping rooms,
j furnished, for lady with little boy; must be
; in Al neighborhood, with first-class sur-
i roundlngs; use of bath. Box $32. Call.
! SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES^!
; $2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold; j
' machine supplies. 148 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
] ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- !
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
: NOTICE Is hereto given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of '27' Lake st. has received the
following orphans and half orphan girls from
July 1 to October 1, 1533: Frances G. Mc-
Kewen. aged 5 years: Leila Marlon G. Kev»e.
aged 10 years: Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged II years.
Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; safe, reliable; take no >
ether; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladle*." in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up; ;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home ln confinement: most rea- !
• sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer. mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom. nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
1 BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made, '
j city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
; CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rccms 9-10: '•-■!. 3520.
I M
I STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
; CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PI ERCE- RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. c; Post, cor. Powell: tei. Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 years. i
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. IV Kearny.
—— — i—^^—— — i^^ ■— ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS, j
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots; aiso 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda. Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat- I
urday. Oct. _____ at 2 p. m. Do not fail to at-
tend this sale, as most of the places are to be j
sold by order of the court. Particulars in |
next week's papers. Send for Illustrated cata- '■
logue, Bee advertisement in Chronicle. Sale '
at J A. MUNRO & CO.'S Auction House, 1317 '
and 1519 Park st., Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly '
Call. IS pages, sent to any address ln the
l ited States, postpaid, for fl per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles ln delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 141« Sth. J
' BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY* REAL ESTATE.
ONLY Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
lot; on the sunny side of street: only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS J
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postoffice'
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can t" had by lending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley. ' J -" m "«
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for %l per year.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house Of nine
rooms, bath. laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ad-
ply '-. J P.. LITTLE. Reveler station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JIM CASH, SS 50 until paid for -ew'JcJJttage"
3 large rooms, hard finished high basement,
pantry and closets, 2 large lots; site climate
and soil the very best: near 3 electric car
lines: fine school and 90-foot boulevard; set-
tlement building up rapidly: no raw winds
or fog here: price in all $690; Allendale Tract,
1 adjoining East- Oakland. Call or -sea for
circular. 455 Seventh st.,*near corner Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. HENRY 71
JONES.
; $775 — 4-ROOM cottage, east of San Pablo aye.;
t good basement; south frontage; city water;
- lot 33x1' '); terms to suit; apply to R J
j MONTGOMERY. 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
i SACRIFICED— I elegant new houses in course
I of construction on 23d St.. bet. Grove and
1 West; all modern improvements; street work.
I sidewalks done: small payment down; balance
I menthly if desired: houses open for inspection
19 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 515 20th.
j ALDEN CO. are building several houses; call
at office; -we will show plans and change to
j suit buyer and .--II on easy terms, etc. Office
j 1113 Broadway.
j J3SOO— NEW house, 7 rooms. Just commenced;
! corner Twenty-seccnd and Webster -rs. ; 5
! minutes' walk to narrow gauge; terms to
I suit. A. J. SAMUEL & CO., OS Ninth St..
; Oakland.
I OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
i AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
I furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, October IS. l«.>9 .—
At a regular meeting cf the Board of Direc-
tors of this company, held this day, a divi-
dend was declared, payable on and after Octo-
ber IS. 1899.
ileclared. payable on and after Octo-
S •-.;:;> FAYMONVILLE, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 Ssc per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUOAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY. October 20, tM Trans-
fer books will clcse on Saturday, October '4
1599. at 12 o'clcck m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
' IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment cf dissolution. Notice — Notice ls
hereby ?!vcn that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office an 1
place »*»? business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
I rior Court of the city ana county of San
Francl=co. State of California, praying for
1 a Judgment of dissolution cf said corporation.
! and that MONDAY, November 13. 1599. at 10
o'clock a. rr... at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
1 city and county of San Francisco, have been
I appointed as the day. time and place for the
i hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
i perior Court this ICth day of October. 1899.
WM. A DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
I [Seal.]
PROPOSALS.
! PROPOSALS for f res Iv beef and mutton— Office
Chief Commissar;', San Franclsco. Cal., Oct.
I*. IMS. Sealed proposal* for furnishing and
delivering fresh beef and mutton will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benicia Bar-
racks. Fort Mason. Presidio of San Francls-
co and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
lock a. m.. November 16. 1599. and then
opened. Information, furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
j be indorsed "Proposals for fresh beef and
ram- and addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at poet to be supplied. H
j ■ J. GALLAGHER. Maj-r. Chief Commissary J
i BIRTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
1 mail will not be- inserted. Ther must he handed
\ in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with th- name and residence of per-
j sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BISCHOFF— In this city. October 12. 1^99, to
i the wife of Emanuel Bischoff. a daughter.
CONLAN— In this city. October 14. UM to the
wife of James F. Conlan. a daughter.
ENGLISH— In this city. October 3. 1599. to the
wife of met M. English, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BECKSTED - WINTON -In N vat., Marin (
County, October 15. 1539. by the Rev. Duncan :
Monro, I. L. Becksted of Novato and Carrie
E. Winton of Crescent City, Cal.
COLLINS— HARDT— In this city. October 13. '
IS7'9. by the Rev. Paul Branke, Cornelius M. !
Collins and Mrs Mary Hardt.
GRAYSON— In this city, October IS,
1*99, by the Rev. F. '7 Fischer. William W.
Grayson and ira F. Peter?, both of San
Fran -
HEEBNER-ROLICHECK— In this city. Octo-
ber 14. 1599. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.
Charles : .-bner and Mary Rolicheck, both of
Tiburon, Cal.
JANTZEN— HORN— In this city. October 14,
1599. by the Rev. Paul Branke, J. H. Albertus
Jantzen and Johanna Horn.
KETDSON— CAM PBELL-In this city, October
11. 1599. by the Rev. Paul Branke. Morris
Ketdson and Louise V. Campbell.
SPARR— PHILLIPSEN— In this city. October'
14. 1399. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelanier, C M '<
John Span- and Annie Phiiltpsen, both of San i
Francisco.
DIED. ~~
Bern*. Charles O. I^afferty, Capt. John
Beersman.Wllliam H. Logan. Catherine
Bradley. Patrick Murphy, John C.
Brockman. Henry W. Paull. Rudolf
Douglass. James Roy, David
Fahlbusch. Wllhelm Schueder, Jacob
Hart, John Sinclair, Maria
Johnson, Charles Smiley, J. D.
Kavanagh, Dora Thornton. Helen C.
Kennedy. Thomas P. Trar. Agnes M
B bier. Conrad Turkison, Henry
BERRY— Berkeley, October 16, 1599, Charles
0.. husband of Sarah E. Berry, and father
of J. C. Berry. Mrs. J. Tl. Beaver, Mrs. AS'
M'.kkelsen and Mrs. F. B. Clough, a native
of Maine, aged 74 years and 29 days. (Maine
papers Dlease ccoy.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are repect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family :
residence, 1029 Berkeley way. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
BEERSMAN— In this city, about October 7 !
1599. William Henry Beersman, beloved j
brother of H. A. Beersman. a native of Ger-
many, aeed 29 years. i
E7Fr'.ends and acquaintances are repeet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tht« day j
j (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company (03
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery-
BRADLEY— In this city, October IS. 1593 . Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen Bradley and
father of Jam's, Joseph. Ma.v. Belle Charles ,'
George and Thomas Bradley, _ native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged S3 years. A ;
member of Harm Lodge No. ». a 0 V •
■ W.. and Yosemite Lodge No. 1930, kJ of IIJ '
(Brooklyn. N. V.. papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are repect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
("Wednesday), at B*lo o'clock, from his late
residence. 1788 Folsom street, thence to St i
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of bis soul at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy-
Cross Cemetery.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9. A O. U. W.— Officers -
and members are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late Brother Patrick Bradley
l_
HtNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan ff-GallaKher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
__ Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South is
•WMMwavl^nwß^HManeiMi^M^aMV-
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 31S
Mason street, bet. Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main 5213.
I
from his late residence. 1755 Folsom street,
to-morrcw (Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock.
M. O'LEARY, M. W.
T. McSWEENEY. Recorder. '
BROCKMAN— In this city. October 16, 1899, at
St, Mary's Hospital, Henry W., beloved son
of M. C. and Margaret Brockman. and
brother of W. H.. Edward and John Brock-
man and Mrs, M. H. Gllnden and the late
Angeline o. kmin. a native of California,
aged 24 -.ears.
tJ'Notice of funeral hereafter Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
DOUGLASS— In this city. October M 1*99.
James Douglass, a native of Belfast. Ire-
land, aged «1 years.
ftj' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
FAHLBUSCH— In this city. October 15. 1599.
V* ilhelm Fahlbusch, dearly beloved husband
of Minna Fahlbusch. and father of George C.
and William H. Fahlbusch and the late Min-
nie L. Eastwood, and grandfather ot Clara
. Eastwood and Minnie and Walter Fahlbusch.
a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
__~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 220 Lobos street. Ocean View.
HART— In this city. October 15. 1898, John
Hart, a native of Canada, aged 50 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 15,- 1899,
! Charles, beloved husband of Kate Johnson,
I and father of Charles and Harry Johnson, a
native of Norway, au- S3 years.
•E?"Friends and acquaintance are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 15 Clyde street, off Townsend, between
Third -.1 Fourth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
1 celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
! o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i KAVANAGH— In Oakland. October 14. 1599,
Dora, beloved daughter of Edward J. and the
late Catherine Kavanagh, and sister of Mary
and Nellie Kavanagh, a native of San Fran-
cisco, used IS years.
_t__TFrii and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at >:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 818 Henry street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. October IS. 1599.
Thomas Patrick, beloved son of Thomas J.
j and Bridget Kennedy, brother of Katherina
E. Kennedy, and nephew of Mary Kennedy,
Mrs. P. Carroll. James Leonard and Mrs. J.
Denelcn. a native of Santa Rosa, aged 5
months and 9 ays.
! KOHLER— In this city. October 16. 1599. Con-
rad Kohler. belowd husband of Katherina
X hler, and father of Jacob, Coney. Ottc
and Fred Kohler. a native of Hochweissel,
Hessen-Darnsstadt, at--d 80 years 4 months
and 3 lays
£77" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Met?ler, 636 Washington
street.
1 LAFFERTY— this city, October 15, 1599. Cap-
tain John Lafferty, U. S. a . husband of Ella
j J. Lafferty. father of Frederick S., John L..
Grace and Harriet M. Lafferty, and step-
father of Grace G. Culbertson. a native of
Utica. aged 64 years 1 month and 22 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 730 Grove street. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio.
. LOGAN— In this city. October 15, 1899, Cath-
erine, beloved wtfe of John W. Logan, and
mother of John W.. James. Bernard. Peter,
Katie and the late Francis P. Logan, a na-
j tive of Ireland, aged 55 years.
_\y_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Twenty-fourth and Kentucky streets,
j thence to St. Teresa's Church, Potrero, where
i a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
j the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MURPHY— tt Oakland, October 13. 1599. John
! C. Mar] beloved husband of Eva Murphy,
I and son of Sarah and the late William Mur-
phy and brother of Mrs. Frank Madden and
! the late Daniel Murphy, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 35 years and 10 months.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the realdence
of his mother. 21". Sixth street, thence to St
Frances de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
I Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
1 PAUL] In this city. October 1«. 1899, Rudolf,
beloved son of Mrs. Ida and the late Frank
Paul:, and beloved brother of Edwin and
William Paul!, a native of San Francisco,
I aged 5 years 7 months and 27 days.
. P.i »Y— ln this city. October 16. 1599. I "avid Roy,
I husband of the late Susan L. Roy, and father
i of the late George E. Roy, Mrs. M. E. Bar-
; ney. Mrs. C. A Haubrich. Mrs. M. F. Da-
| r-u**f and E. J Roy. a native of Montreal,
I Canada, aged S2 years and 5 months,
j EDER— In this "city, October 13. 1599.
Jacob Schueder, a native of Germany, aged
j 89 years.
i C? Friends and acquaint- are repect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral this day
iTue.sday). at 2 o'clock, from the rarlors of
Valente. Mart) & Co., 1"24 Stockton street.
SINCLAIR— In Oakland October 15, 1899. Maria
Sinclair, beloved mother of William. Law-
rence. Margaret. Earnest, Frank and Albert
Sinclair, .1 native of . Lerwick. Shetland
Islands, aged 45 years 7 months and 15 days.
SMIL! this ctty, October 15. 1599, J. D.,
beloved husband of Anna Helen Smiley, a
native of Missouri, aged 38 years 2 months
! and M days. A member of Prescott Lodge
No. 330, B. P. Q. E.
E7Friends and acquaintances are repect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Elks' Hall.
223 -Sutter street, under the auspices of San
i Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. E.
I THORNTON— In Paris, France. October 18,
! 1899, Helen Colton, wife of Crittenden Thorn-
tin of San Francisco, and daughter of David
D. and Ellen M. Colton. aped. 44 years and 10
months.
TRANOR— In this city. October IS. 1599. Agnes
M Tranor, a native of California, aged .>
years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are repect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), from St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
| ------ repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
I tery.
TURKISON— In this city. October IS. 1599.
Henry Turkison, a native of Norway, aged 33
years.
EXFrienda and acquaintances are repect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
-•'■■■ Hill .-...■■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Francis M and Hermtna Baumgarten and
Walter J. Wayte to James Burke, lot on E line
of Shotwell street, 217 S of Twenty-first. .- 2S
by E 122:6; $10.
Wllhelmina Peterson (widow) to Fritz and
Pauline Krug, lot on W line of Shotwell street,
ISS - of Eighteenth. 3 30 by W 122:6: SlO
Richard Stack to Margaret Stack, lot on N
line at Twenty-second street, 149:* W of Va
lencia. v. 22 by N '.'.4. also lot on SE line of
Clementina street. 350 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by
SE 7.'. also lot on NW line of Cortland ave
nue and W line of Wool street; N 91:4, W Eft
_ S9 E 56. lots 75 and 76 and portions of lots
70 and 74. Gift Map 1; also ail property, includ
ing teasel) interest; gift.
Malcolm E. Atkins to Mamie Atkins, lot on
S line of Twenty-fourth street, To E of Doug
lacs, E 25 by S 60: gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to John
Dougherty, lot on N line of Broadway, 171:104
E of Stockton street. E 69:14 by N 137:5; 115.000.
Margaret Denahy to Henry E. Bo thin, lot on
NW line of Natoma street, 236 SW of First.
SW 22:6 by NW 77: $10.
William E. and Eliza J. White to Augustus
S Cleary. tot on E line of Eleventh avenue,
223 S of I street, 3 X by E 120; $10.
George E. and Alice E. Davis to Richmond
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
S line of Grafton street. 25 E of Plymouth. E
25 by S 100. lot 27. block 6, Lakeview: $10.
Thomas Williams to Jane R.. Edwin H. L.
and Alfred S. Williams, lot 5, block 75, Sub
division _. University Mound: gift.
Abraham Ruef to Charles and Marianne Ne
per, lots 73S *- 746. Gift Map 3; (10.
John F. and Matilda Myers 'by Charles Dix
on, commissioner) to Pacific Loan Association, !
lot on E line of Alpine (Emma) street, 190:114
P of Ridlev, ? 0:«, E 79:34. N 41:6. V* 79:94.
block C. Park Hill Homestead; $7941.
Ellas Wolf to William Wolf, lot on SW cor
ner of Sagamore and Marengo streets. S $3:104
to station 1. S " M degrees. W 1?-"'. N 149:3. E
175. lot 7. block B. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Thomas V. and Kate a O'Brien to City Street
Improvement Company (a corporation), lot on ;
W line of Mission street, 63:1 N from stake,
situated four miles from City Hall and 400 S
from Four-mile House, and distant 261 from S
line of Randall street. If projected, and 370 &
ot French, which point of beginning is 76:6 S
from Morrison's fence and 50:G S from P line ;
of lot described in 1379 1 373. W 60, S 52:114.
NE 63, N 53:0; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles E. Wilson to John Yule, all Interest
franchises granted to E. P. Vandarcock. E. C. |
Sessions and C. E. White and their successors :
by ordinance passed by City Council, April 15, j
1891; also right of way and franchise granted
to East Oakland Street Railroad Company,
August 22. MM; also right of way and fran
chise granted to East Oakland Street Railroad .
Ccmpany. March 23. MM; also right of way
and franchise granted to East Oakland Street .
Railroad Company. July i*>. 1*93: also all lines '•
of railroad of East Oakland Street Railroad ;
Company and real and personal property: also :
lot on NE line of East Twentieth street. 110 •
SE of Thirteenth avenue, SE 124 by NE 150; '
also lot on E corner of E Twentieth and Com
merce streets. SE 100 by NE 50; also lot on
SW line of E Twenty-first street. 110 SE of
Thirteenth avenue. SE 124 by SW 150, block 128,
Clinton; also lot on SE line of Fourteenth ave
nue. 50 NE of East Twentieth street. NE 63.
SE 65, ■:-' 100 to beginning of block 125, same,
East Oakland; $10.
Ernest P. Angel to Mary E. Mathews, lot 43
and E 15 feet of lot 44 resubdlvlslon of block
73. Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East Oak
land: $10.
State Savings Bank to George Lydiksen. lot
SE line of Piedmont avenue. 33:4 SW of Rose*
avenue. SW 3-1:4 by SE 105, being portion lots
1. 2 and 3. Keller's Rose Park, Oakland Town
ship; $10. ■ ,
James and Ellanora H. Taylor to Anna M.
Berden, lot on S line of East Twenty-fourth
street, 200 W of Nineteenth avenue, W 100 by
B MO, block 77. map of Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10. 7
SEEKING TO END
THE QUARANTINE
New Orleans Sues for
an Injunction.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— Acting for the
Attorney General of the State of Louis
iana, Edgar H. Farrar to-day entered a
motion in the United States Supreme
Court for leave to file a bill for injunction
jon behalf of the State of Louisiana
; against the State of Texas prohibiting
i the freight embargo feature of the yellow
I fever quarantine against New Orleans.
' The Attorney General of Texas was pres-
e nt in the court when the motion was
, made and asked until to-morrow to ex
amine the papers in the case. He said
he would object to the motion on the
; ground that the court had no jurisdiction.
! The further hearing was continued until
to-morrow, in accordance with this re
■ quest.
While recognizing the power of the
; State of Texas to take proper precautions
j for the protection of the people of the
I State against contagion, the Attorney
I General of Louisiana takes the position
j in his bill that the Texas authorities have
i no right under the cover of exercising
; police powers to burden interstate com-
I merce so as to make it impossible, which
I they claim is the effect of the existing
i quarantine regulations.
The fact is pointed out that commerce
j is permitted between the Texas ports and
i ports of Mexico. Cuba and South Amer
! lea, which are permanently infected with
j fever, and the statement is made that the
; effect of the embargo against New Or-
I leans is to enhance the trade of Galveston
[ and other Texas cities at the expense of
, the mercantile interests of New Orleans.
; The declaration is made that the quaran
\ tine is "nothing less than a commercial
i war." ,
The conclusion is drawn that the quar
antine Is in direct violation of the inter
' state commerce clause of the constitution
; of the United States.
DOCTRINE EXPLAINED.
Rev. Father Newell, O. P., on Its
Reasonableness.
An interesting- lecture on "Th© Rea
sonableness of Catholic Doctrine" was
delivered last night by Rev. Father Ne
well. O. P., at the Young Men's Institute
in the Pioneer building under the aus
pices of Isnatian Council No. 35, V. M. I.
The reverend lecturer argued that
Catholic doctrine, as well as reason itself,
were gifts of God, and therefore could not
conflict with each othef.
"In this connection," said Father Ne
well. "I desire to qualify human reason by
the epithet 'right reason,' because as you
well know reason is capable of abuse and
perversion. Catholic doctrine may be di
vided into two — truths of a natural order
and those which possess supernatural
characteristics. The natural religious
truths are capable of an exact and scien
tific demonstration by the simple force
of our own natural reason. Nothing is
more reasonable than the fundamental
truths of the existence of God, the crea
tion of the world and the immortality of
the soul, upon which truths all religion
reposes. We all have an innate idea of
the infinite which represents the real be
ing of the Almighty. In believing in
them we but confirm what the highest
geniuses have given testimony to.
"Reason has no right to demonstrate
the supernatural doctrines because it has
not the power to do so. Supernatural
truths have been revealed by God himself
and our weak intellect cannot grasp them
in their entirety. But the evidence that
supports supernatural truths is both docu
mentary and historical. The Holy Scrip
tures are in themselves proof sufficient of
the reasonableness of supernatural truths
and the authenticity of the witnesses to
them cannot be questioned."
■ ♦ .
EASTERN STAR.
This afternoon the Grand Chapter of
California and Nevada of the Order of
the Eastern Star will hold its first session
for the purpose of receiving reports of
work during the past year and of legis
lating for the order for the coming year.
There will be a full representation from
all the chapters in the jurisdiction and
the session will last several days.
Sunday and yesterday many of the dele
gates from the interior reached this city
and those, together with the delegates of
the local chapters, attended a reception
given by the grand officers in Golden Gate
Hall yesterday afternoon. The new dele
gates were introduced to Worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. Maria A. Pierce of Oakland
and Worthy Grand Patron Dr. Laurence
of Los Angeles and the other grand of
ficers, while the delegates who had al
ready met the officers renewed acquain
tance. During the afternoon there were
several musical numbers, vocal and in
strumental.
This evening the local chapters Golden
Gate. Ivy, Harmony, Buelah. Mission.
Century and Olive Branch will tender a
reception in the Sherman-Clay Han to
the delegates and officers of the Grand
Chapter. /
LINCOLN'S MONUMENT
At a meeting of th? Lincoln Monument
League, held in the Phelan building last
night, it was determined that the league
revise their "Appeal," and make a
stronger effort to reach the people of Cali
fornia. Among those who were present
and took part In the discussion were:
Colonel C. Mason Kinne. Judge M.
Cooney, M. M. Estee, J. Murray Bailey.
W. W. Stone, Ellsha Brooks and C. W.
Jordan.
.» ♦ ■
COURT NOTES.
I The thirteen bicyclists arrested Sunday
1 in Golden Gate Park for riding faster
j than ten miles an hour appeared before
! Judge Graham yesterday and their cases
| were dismissed on their promise not to
offend again.
Steve M. Harding was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
j Judge Graham in $2000 bonds on the
charge of grand larceny for stealing $30.
a gold watch and other articles from S.
K. Overgard September 30.
T. Sasaki was arraigned in Judge M -
gan's court yesterday on a charge of
grand larceny for stealing $25 and two
gold watches from T. Yakagama in his
house en Stevenson street, and the case
was continued till October 21.
Thomas McCool filed suit against Sheriff
Martin yeSterday to recover the posses
■ sion of two dogs and two pups, which he
, values at $5000. It is alleged that the
! Sheriff attached the dogs unlawfully, and
that his action caused their owner a loss
of $100.
Patrick Rogers, ex-secretary of the Pa
- cific Coast Fireman's Union, was placed
: on trial before Judge Dunne yesterday
; morning on a charge of embezzlement.
] The defendant is accused of robbing the
: union of $300.
The contest to the will of the late
'• Charles Walter Willey was opened before
Judge Troutt yesterday. Eleven jurors
have been secured, and to-day it is ex
pected that the twelfth will qualify. -Wil
ley left his entire estate to Elizabeth
' Mulrhead, and heirs of the estate claim
j that undue influence was exerted to se
-1 cure the signing of the will.
■ ♦ ■
Cashin Is Appointed.
Johh P. Cashln of this city was appoint
ed a notary public by Governor Gage yes
terday. Mr. Cashin was originally ap
pointed by Governor Budd in 15*7 and is
one of the notaries recently superseded.
He now supersedes J. N. Turner and will
hold office for four yeafs.
California Fruit Sales.
! The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
! fruit: '
, NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— Tokay. 90c@
«* 05 single crate. Prunes— ltalian, 80@90c
single crate.
CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— Pears— Kelfer. $1 35»
170 box; Clalrge.au. $1 50-61 K. Prunes—
; ian. 60©85 c single crate; assorted, 60@80c; Sil
ver, 50@75c.
Porter Brothers' sales of California fruit:
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Grapes— Tokay $1 05®
135 half crate and $2 30®2 SB double' crate;
Muscats, SoCgsl 40 half crate: Cornlchon, $1 30®
135. Morocco, $1 73 half crate; assorted $1®
1 35.
CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— Grapes— Tokay. $1 15®
135 half crate: Muscat. 60®SOc half crate.
Pears— Easter Beaurre. $1 _¥f\ 63 box: Glout
Morceau. $1 75^2 23 box and $1 15 half box.
, Plums— Coe's Late Red, $1 half crate.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Ten.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 18.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodali, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Debnev, San Die = - Goodall.
Perkins _ Co.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakev. Manila and Hono
lulu: v Givernment.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmon-, Nanaimo: R
Dunsmuir's Sons
Ship Aryan. Dickinson. New York; John Ro
sen f eld's Sons.
Br ship Falrport Armstrong, Queenstown; G
« McXear.
SAILED.
Monday, October IS.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Bonita. Rucha;-d. southern coast.
stmr T V cor ? c L""mis. Brtdgett. Ventura,
Schr Helen N Kimball. Hansen. Tacoma.
Stmr - Jacobs. Rockoort.
£tmr Ar.-ata. Reed. Cf»s Bay.
Schr J Eppinser. Cotstrup, Stewarts point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 1?. in p -.-Weather
hazy: win.'. west, veiocitv 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS . ' '■':
FORT BRAGG-Arrived Oct 16-Stmr Noyo.
hence Oct 15; schr Barbara Hernster, hence
Oct 14. .••--.—«
Sa L n M pedn; A ' _ArriVed ° Ct - Schr Lucy. from
"SOUTH ' BEND-Sailed Oct 16-Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Willamette.
hence Oct 12; stmr Santa Crjz from U S
stmr Thos Corwin. "from" Alaska: U S ' stmr
Ged ney, frcm cruise.
Sailed Oct Jap stmr Idxuml Mara, for Yo
kohama.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Oct 14.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Oct 16-Stmr
Navarro, from Bo wens Landing.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct IS- Stmr Cleone and
schr Maxim, hence Oct 1".
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct- *•*-?* Courtnev
Fnrd, from Otymi schr Viking, from Grays
Harbor.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct '-Schr
Man* Etta, fnr San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 16— Br ship St Mungo,
fr.im Yokohama.
Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Del Norte, for San Fran
clsco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oc: 16— Stmr Alcazar,
frr-m — -.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 16— Bark Fresno.
for Kaiehow.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct l^-Scfcr Annie Larsen.
tor Pan Pedm.
EASTERN PORTS. * ■
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 14— Ship A J
Fowler, from Hilo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOJl— Sailed Oct 12— Br ship Clackmannan
shire, for Oregon. j
MAZATLAN— SaiIed- Oct 14— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 14— Br ship Sena
tor, for Frazer River. Sept —Br stmr St Jer
ome, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Arrived Oct 14— Br stmr Warri
moo. from Vancouver.
HlLO— Arrived Oct Schr Emma Claudina.
troth Tacoma.
• HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct Jap stmr Bankc
ku Maru. for Yokohama.
To sail Oct Stxnr Centennial, for San
Fran.
Cleared Oct 7— Bktn Omega, for San Fran
cisco: schr Winslow. for Port TownseniJ.
CHEMAINUS— Arrived Oct 11— Ship Marion
Chilcoot. from Manila.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Lauren
tian. from Glaseow.
Arrived Oct — Stmr Kensington, from Ant
werp.
BRISBANE— Arrived Oct Stmr Warri
moo, from Vancouver, etc.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Phoenicia.
from New York.
LlVEßPCr>E— Arrive! Oct I«— Stmr Bovic.
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct I&— Stmr La Norman
die, from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Frlestand.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 15-Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York/ via
Cherbourg, for Bremen.
I '
I OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
! H^. Steamers leave Broadway
! ff*S.»_ wharf. San Franclsco.
IwSSi For Alaakar. fx rts. !0 a.m..
1 Ps^vS^Sfc Ccl - 3*> 13 > 1? -•'• ::; NoT *
i lp_ti_i-^ 2, change at Seattle
» __ft_3R w^ For Victoria. Vancouver
« f___ai4^S! CB C.1.. Port Townsend. Se-
i ' '"""■^fc-^K attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ans-
TfflJllJn cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash). 10 a. m.. Oct. J. i.
13, 15, 23. Mi Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C P. Rv- „ . . __.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), ! p. m- Oct.
«. 11. IS. 21. K. 51: Nov. 5 and every fifth
day thereafter.
Fcr Santa Crui. Monterey, San Simeon.
• Cayuccs. Port- Harford (San Luis Obispo).
! Gavirta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles^ and
! Newport. 9 a. m.. Oct. 3. 7. 11. IS, 19. 23. 27. 31:
i Nov. 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
! For San Diego, stopping cnly at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Bants Barbara. Port
I Los A**gel»s and Redondo (Lo* Aneeles). 11 a.
i m.. Oct. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29: Nov. 2. and ev*ry
J fourth day thereafter
For Ensenada. Msedalena Bay, San Jose del
i Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
! lia nnd Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
! month. m 
! For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to chane<s
| without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
' g,-,* h«nr« of saitlne
I TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acfa.
10 Market st.. ---. Frandsco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Snear-street Wharf at 10 a. n.
CADC iM First Class Including Berth
. iMnC JJS Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20. "'": Nov. 9. 19. 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 23; Nov. 4. 14. 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throueh tickets to all oolnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Aeent.
(30 Market st-
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
i , .
AMERICAN LINE.
JTEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON PAS! 3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New. Tork Every Wednesday. *• *- ™-
St Paul Oct. MfSt Paul Nov. i
New York Oct. 25 > New Tork ... Nov. 15
; St. Louis Nov. liSt. Louis Nov. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct 1?| Frlesland Nov. i
Kensington ....Oct. V., Southwark Nov. is
Nordland Nov. 1 VTesterr.l^r.i ...Nov. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight ani
pasta** apply to
I INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. -cr any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA- and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe < Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa Cay
of sailing.
I AMERICA-MARU Saturday. October 14
S HONGKONG-MARC. Wednesdav. November I
! NIPPON-MART* Saturday. November 13
I Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fcr
j freight and passage apply at company's office,
411 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
COMPAGSIE SENESALE TRANSATLiSfIQIIE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PA -^^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <yl?^\
| Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at •5*« ; &3»
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot "of
Morton st- LA QASCOGNE. Oct. 21: L.
BRETAGNE. Oct. 2«: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: la GASCOGNE. Nov. 23: la
TOURAINE. Nov. .TO: LA BRETAGXE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. ?•>'• and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. 343; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ine). New York. J. F. 71TGAZ1 & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Franclsco.
.__fl_K._H_BJRA_ r Tbe 8. S. Australia
-W'^m-f2wa_m_-\w£, sails for Honolulu
W AfH j^* -" c "* Wednesday. October
W-^S _M _. I s - at 2p. ra.
_W Wffa.X p"*\ ?■ S. Moana sails
jMfTKjHnJ *«» Honolulu and
WS3_____W aWHUilll/ Auckland for Sydney
4 <r§t_t_W fnfnF:3(7t'- Wednesday. Nov. L
&*_r W<WOH at Hr . m .
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
. Eneland. etc.: 1610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St F.-eicMOtf >-e.3?7 Mar Vet St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
m%_%ufhimmimßk~
Steamer "Monticello." -L":
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 3:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. _
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. t. Telephone Main 1508.
, FARE Ma
1314
DEMOCRATS RATIFY THEIR MUNICIPAL NOMINATIONS
Mayor Pbelan Pro
claims Himself
Leader of a New
Democracy and
Claims Re-elec
tion.
He Sees No Political Virtue
in the Opponents Whom
He Must Meet at the
Polls.
METROPOLITAN HALL. was
crowded to the doors last night
by members of the local Democ
racy. w 'bo assembled to ratify
their municipal ticket and cheer
their nominees. Most of the candidates
were given an opportunity to deliver ad
dresses and plead for the votes of their
hearers Mayor Phelan was, as a matter
of course, the central figure of the event
and the leading speaker. He delivered a
ton- addfess carefully prepared. He stu
diously steered clear of the rocks of na
tional -lilies and the inconsistencies in
which his own utterances have involved
him. lie elaborated at great length upon
iho history of the origin and development
of tho larter and claimed for himself
and associates the right to conduct the
first administration of the city s affairs
under the charter.
In making this claim Mayor Phelan
dated a new political doctrine and
proclaimed the existence of what perhaps
£ a new political party masking under the
name and usurping the allegiance that be
longs to an old one. Of this new political
party Mayor Phelan, by his words, sought
to leave the impression that he is the or
ganizer and Leader. He says that the
Democracy of which ho is the dictator
was born in the agitation for a new char
ter. This Democracy is not - concerned
with national Issues and has its being
solely ln a realm of municipal affairs.
The Mayor also discussed from his point
of view tne axiairs uf the city for the last
y ar He claimed lor himselt and the two
democratic members ot the Boardfof,Su
pervisors all of the during the last
ken won lor the people during the last
year over various corporations. lie
charged that His Republican opponents
arc tinged and even saturated by the pol
icy ol the capitalistic and corporate class,
aud while he would not charge them with
S shonesty; he insisted that they cannot be
fair. The -Mayor's addres and a cheer
closed the ratification. , r _
In opening the meeting Jasper McDon
ald very briefly referred to the Democratic
nominees ami begged for them the suf
frages of his hearers. Frank ■: Gould
was Introduced as the president of the
meeting, and took the opportunity to en
large upon the lines of the opening ad
dress praising everybody - ho has re
tenci'i from the Democratic convention
the courtesy of a nomination. Mr. Gould
he'd the ph'aforin for a few minutes and
then introduced Dennis J. Geary as the
first speaker of the night. The = Introduc
tion in Us way was a gem. Mr. Gould
6-' id he hoped the audience would give Mr.
Geary more ballots than he had received
bullets at Manila. As the major had the
good fortune to miss the bullets the rec
ommendation made tor him was certam
]v not unreasonable. y. ■ _ x , , ...
Major Geary was uncomfortably bellig
erent .luring his address He fairy
bristled with military adjectives. He
saw in Mayor Phelan a great war Mayor
whose fame for some mysterious reason
has been carried across the seas. Every
body on the Democratic ticket, in the
Majors opinion, is a military gentleman
who is n..\v fighting the good fight. One
by one the various municipal nominees
presented themselves and asked the
patronage and support of their hearers
for the offices they seek.
It was not until Assessor Dodge began
his address that the meeting assumed a
characteristic phase. Dr. Dodge, with
that peculiar modesty which marks him,
talked about himself flatteringly for over
an hour. He frankly announced that he
had made a most efficient and honest
official. He gave an extended but not
particularly thrilling lecture on assess
ment in general and his proficiency par
ticularly in the art:
Several unsympathetic listeners ln the
[gallery called time, but the modest
Assessor declined to stop. He wished, he
paid, to show the audience two or three
charts illustrative of his splendid admin
istration. The two or three charts proved
to be five, and hen another call for time
was made. This time the speaker said
he would quit If they wanted him to do
po. but an encouraging voice shouted,
"i Jo on; we'll listen to you if we have to
Btay here all night," and the. Assessor
continued without further interruption
to the end. ,
While on the subject of charts Mr.
Dodge made, a rather dubious Impression
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CGfflfiPl
Health in her beaming eyes, health in
her glowing cheek, health in her merry
laugh. Yet country air and country
hours can't save her from the common
experience of women —an experience
•which dulls the eye, pales the cheek,
and turns the laugh to a sigh. Womanly
ills come to almost all. But for these
ills there is help and healing in Dr.
Pierces Favorite* Prescription. It regu-
late- the periods, stops unhealthy drains,
cures inflammation, ulceration and fe-
male weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well.
"Miss Ella Sapp, of Jamestown, Guilford Co.,
N. C.. writes : I had suffered three years or
more at monthly periods. It seemed as though
I would die with pain in my back and stomach.
I could not stand without fainting; had given
up ail hope of ever being cured, When one of
my friends Insisted upon mv trying Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. With but little faith I
tried it. and before I had takeii half a bottle I
felt better— had better appetite and slept better.
Kow I am happy to say I am entirely cured, and
oil done in two months' time, when all other
n>"^*icines had failed to do any good at all."
Biliousness is cured by the use of Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets.
on his audience, which hesitated whether
to be tickled or Insulted. One of the
charts was partly colored green. Be
fore any reference was made to the pur
pose of the map some one applauded. A
general laugh followed at the sally and
its supposed meaning. When Dr. Dodge
had an opportunity to speak he said
genially: *! did not color the map green
designedly, although I know I am talk
ing to .i Democratic audience."
In concluding his address Dr. Dodge
pleaded for votes, not because he is a
Democrat, but because he is a good man.
He declared emphatically that he is op
posed to straight party tickets. He be
lieves that straight voting Is a relic of
"knownothingism." Upon this point he
differed from his predecessor. Major
Gears*. The major's name is farther down
on the ballot and he is most deeply con
vinced that all Democrats should vote
straight. Several other candidates, who
want to shine by something more sub
stantial than the reflected light of Dodge,
expressed the same views.
Most of the other nominees also deliv
ered addresses which, with one exception,
Possessed no deeper significance than spe
cial pleading for votes. That exception
Mayor Phelan Addressing the Meeting at Metropolitan Temple.
was the address of Franklin K. Lane,
aspirant for re-election as City and
County Attorney. Mr. Dane spoke at
great length on the virtues of the char
ter, In the midst of his speech Mayor
Phelan stepped upon the platform ana
was received with three cheers.
About 100 Democrats occupied seats on
the stage, the front row of chairs being
reserved for the candidates and speakers.
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Dem
ocratic County Committee, called th"
meeting to order in a short speech He
said:
"As chairman of the County Commit- i
tee of the city and county of San Fran
cisco it becomes my pleasing duty to call j
this meeting to order, This meeting is
held under the auspices of the said com
mittee and is for the purpose of gratify_
ing the ticket recently nominated."
Mr. McDonald then proceeded to throw
a few bouquets at the candidates, notably
Mayor Phelan, "also Dr. Dodge, also
Franklin K. Dane and also that sturdy I
Supervisor Jeremiah Deasy." He de
clared that the administrations of Mayor
Phelan and other Democratic office hold
ers were above reproach and deserving
the Indorsement of all good citizens, espe
cially Democratic citizens. He then in
troduced Frank 11. Gould as chairman of
the meeting.
Mr. Gould received a very flattering re
ception. He said among other things: ft:* ?
"It is a pleasure to preside at a-rati
fication meeting where there is something
to ratify. Such a meeting is this. The
Democrats of San Francisco and a sprink
ling of patriotic Republicans last year
elected a certain Mayor and other officials
ln San Francisco. They were selected
under certain pledges, and I. leave It to
you to say whether they have lived up to
those pledges.
"I call upon the people to-night to know
whether they ratify the nomination of
James D. Phelan, whose heart beats in
unison with the . honest voters of San
Francisco. You have elected him once
and you will do bo again. (Applause.)
"Nominated and elected by acclama
tion." (Laughter and applause, I
"Do you ratify the nomination of the
man who has given the people Of San
Francisco the best and fairest assessment]
it ever had. Do you ratify the nomina
tion of Washington Dodge? (Applause.)
"Good again; unanimously elected."
(More applause and laugh!
"Do you ratify the nomination of the
man who never lost a case in which the
city was defendant? Do you ratify the
nomination of Franklin K. Dane for City
and County Attorney? (Applause.)
"Again unanimously carried.
"Do you ratify the nomination of that
upright and honorable gentleman, Jere
miah Deasy, for Sheriff?"
Major Geary Introduced.
Mr. Gould went down through the list
in this manner until he came to the name
of Major Dennis Geary, the nominee for
County Clerk. Major Geary received an
extra coat of flattery, and th(» audience,
fired by a reference to his connection with
the army, gave him an enthusiastic wel
come. Mr. Gould seized the favorable op
portunity to introduce the . Democratic
candidate for County Clerk. Major Geary
spoke ln part as follows:
"I am not a politician, my friends, and
it is only on short notice that I was called
upon to speak here to-night. I under
stand the principles of the Democratic
party and those principles are based on
justice and fairness. On tills platform a'
few nights ago a gentleman, who was
nominated for a prominent oflice by the
opposition, spoke of the necessity of ap
! pointing KOOO men on the various boards
under the new charter, but he forgot to
say that the man best qualified to make
those appointments is tin- gentleman who
at the present moment occupies the posi
tion of Mayor of San Francisco, and who
is at the head of the democratic party in
this city. And as a soldier I say that
Mayor Phelan Is San Francisco's* war
Mayor. We, in the far away Philippines, .
always knew that with him at the head of
the administration in San Francisco we
were always sure of a powerful friend at
home. We knew that he was doing all he
could to make our life in that tropical,
fever-infested country as near tolerable as
possible, and we knew who it was that
was the mainstay of the Red Cross work,
which was a blessing to so many soldiers
in camp and on the firing line."
Boland Talks a Little.
Patrick Boland, nominee for Public Ad
ministrator, was next given a chance to
tell the audience what a good official he
would make, in the event of his election.
He made a short speech and the audience
applauded his forethought in so doing.
He said:
"I might say I don't know how to be
gin to make a speech. I might say I never
spoke in public in my life, and that would
be the truth. They say that where there
is a will there is a way, but in this in
stance where there is a will there is no
way. But I will say that I am proud to
occupy a place on the ticket with the hon
orable gentlemen who have been nomi
nated by the Democratic party. I will
gay that If elected I will endeavor to fill
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1899.
the office in such a manner that the party
will not have to regret placing me on the
ticket." Mr. Boland could not retire un
til he had paid a fulsome compliment to
the soldierly and other good qualities of
Major Geary, after which he quietly sub
sided.
Dodge Gets a Chance.
Chairman Gould at this point fished up
a few bouquets of extra size which he
tossed gracefully in the direction of As
sessor Dodge as a preliminary to intro- !
ducing that gentleman to the notice of
the Democratic voters present. The doc
tor was given quite an enthusiastic re
ception and made a speech full of figures
and alleged facts. He said:
"Fellow-citizens: 1 desire to thank you j
for this evident mark of your apprecia- i
tion and If lt is an indorsement of my [
public career during the past year I am
doubly thankful. I know that a man in |
ofiice is always subject to adverse crit- I
icism by a partisan press and from other '
sources, and I kyow that such things are
to be expected, but on an occasion of this
kind to receive such a reception is ex
ceedingly grateful and I desire to again
thank you."
Dr. Dodge proceeded to confide to his
hearers what he proposed to do for the
small property owners of the city, prom
' ising that their assessments should be
! lighter and the assessments against the
holdings of the wealthier property own
ers proportionately heavier— in the event
of his re-election. He referred to the ease
with which the personal property of the
rich, such as bank stock, etc., could be
concealed from the Assessor, and said
such practices threw the, burden of tax
ation on the poor. He quoted from a
speech by President Harrison in support
of his contention and endeavored thereby
to show thai Mr. Harrison feared that the
country was drifting toward anarchy,
revolution and social upheaval by reason
of the dearth of Assessors like himself.
Brings Forth His Charts.
He declared that it had been his con
stant endeavor to enforce the taxation of
personal property and dragged forth a
number of charts to illustrate how this
great benefit to the public had been ac
complished. He claimed that by his
method of taxing personal property the
wealthy classes had been assessed for
J.i 0.000.000 more than they had been as
sessed by his predecessor. Of this amount
he said $19,600,000 had been assessed
against Quasi-public corporations. He
further said that every lot in an area rep
resenting three-quarters of the- area of
Ban Francisco, had its assessment reduc
ed, the total amount taken off the total
assessment in the outlying districts being
$2,200,000, while the holdings of real estate
in the downtown section of the city, in
cluding the Mission district, had been in
creased proportionately.
Richard P. Doolan, nominee for Tax
Collector, thankerl the Democrats for the
honor of his nomination, promised to do
all he could to help the Democrats to get
control of the new city government and
took his seat. At this point Mayor Thelan
entered, and was given three cheers and
a tiger.
Byington Talks Briefly.
Lewis F. Byington informed the audi
ence that he was glad he had been domi
nated by the Democratic party for the
office of District Attorney. He asserted
his belief that every Democrat elected by
the people of San Francisco a year ago
had conscientiously lived up to his
pledges. He declared that for himself he
had endeavored to do his duty as Super
visor, and took occasion to pay a very
neat compliment to Mayor Phelan, prais
ing him for his ability and progressive
ideas. Mr. Byington's speech was care
fully worded and possessed the unusual
merit of brevity.
( isgocd Putnam, nominee for Super
visor, followed Mr. Byingt.in with what
was intended to be a facetious speech, but
the attempt fell flat and he concluded his
remarks by attempting to show that the
new charter was the special property of
the Democratic party and owed Its exist
ence chiefly to the paternal care of James
D. Phelan during the process of its incu
bation. He acknowledged that one sec
tion of the Democratic party had opposed
the charter and that It had been finally
passed by a Republican Legislature, but
facts like those could not feaze him. In
conclusion Mr. Putnam praised each and
every one of the Democratic candidates
for office as the best material that could
have been selected. .
Joseph Gumming, candidate for Auditor,
promised to give his time to the office if
elected .and give the people a business
| like administration, if they saw fit to elect
him, and urged his listeners to vote the
Democratic ticket from top to bottom.
Edmond Godchaux, nominee for Re
corder, raid: "I am the humble nominee
of the Democratic party for the office of
Recorder. I was a member of the Dem
ocratic Legislature which sent Stephen
M. White to the United States Senate,
and am proud of it. I have also been
secretary of the Board of Health under
Mayor Phelan, who taught the people
that that office should be paramount to
all others. I will, If elected Recorder, do
my duty as well as I have all the duties
intrusted to me in the past."
Deasy Receives an Ovation.
Jeremiah Deasy, candidate for Sheriff,
was well received by the audience, and
said In substance: "I am delighted to see
such a grand audience at this ratification,
and it satisfies me that the ticket Is going
to be ratified and elected by an over
whelming majority on the seventh of No
vember next. Last year, on this platform,
I gave you my pledge and you elected me,
and I hope that you are not sorry. I
leave it to you again. If you see lit to
make me your next Sheriff— and I think
you will— promise you that I will con
duct the office as honestly and as fear
lessly as I have done my duty as Super
visor.
*E. P. Mogan, candidate for Police
Judge, after thanking the audience for Its
generous applause, said that since taking
his position on the bench he has been so
cially ostracized. "When I invite my
friends to call and see me. and stay a
while they get insulted. Seriously, I want
to say a few words ln favor of my asso
ciates on the ticket. There is a young
gentleman whom you nominated last year
for Justice of the Peace; this year you
have nominated him for Police Judge. I
will vouch for him as a clever young gen
tleman and a good lawyer. I refer to Al
J. Fritz.
Above all, you have an honest and ca
pable man in George H. Cabaniss. You
have supported Charles T. Conlan before
and he has proved himself worthy of a
renominatlon. Gentlemen, If you do your
i Uty -, is a certainty that we will give
the Republicans what the Columbia gave
the Shamrock to-day."
Lane Well Received.
Franklin D. Lane received a warm wel
come when introduced.
"I told you," he said, "when I pledged j
myself to you last year that I would sup
port the charter, and that I have done.
1 hope the Supreme Court will sustain
the entire charter. The enemies of the
charter have tried to defeat it as a whole,
and when not successful they tried to de
feat it hit by bit, lection by section, to
tear it apart and leave it a misshapen
mags. On the next City Attorney falls
the work of interpreting the charter's
meaning.
"It is in his power as the advisor of
all the city officials to define the charter
in such a. way as to render It useless and
do away with all the good work you
have done In framing it. If it is your wish
that I be re-elected to the office of City
Attorney, I promise you that I will serve
you as I have in the past.. I was in the
audience here last Saturday night at th-:
Republican ratification meeting, and I
have seldom been to a meeting from whicli
I derived so much satisfaction. When
Irving Scott spoke of the Olympia as the
product of the skill of the mechanics of
San Franclsco I was proud, but I wanted
to rise up and ask why Scott did not
apply the same principle to the charter
as he did to the battleship, when he asked
his hearers to vote the entire Republican
ticket.
"I now ask, Mr. Scott, when giving a
new battleship a builder's trial trip would
he take men on that trial to
work the vessel who had not
been tried and who were not acquainted
with the. work before them? If Mr. Scott
had the Interest of the charter for the
charter's sake at heart he should have
said to the audience, 'The ship on trial
now is the charter ship, and we want only
men who are tried. There is nothing lh
municipal politics but to get the right
man.' And he would not ask the men their
politics. •:.-.
"Now. gentlemen, with the accomplish
ment of a new charter our work must not
end. We must take advantage of the po
sition San Francisco is now in and work
hard to make it one of the foremost cities
of the commercial world. San Franclsco
should rise to the occasion and put men
in charge who are worthy and true."
Dr. R. Beverly Cole was next Intro
duced and made a very good Impression
on the audience by a short speech in,
which he eulogized the Mayor and prom
ised to serve the people honestly and to
the best of his ability If he should be
elected Coroner. .7 ■",". .-_
Phelan Is Facetious.
Mayor ' Phelan. was next to talk, and
said:
: "Mr. Chairman and Ladles and Gentle
men: I thank you very much for this
cordial reception. I think I am the only
man on the platform— the Democratic
platform— was not present at the
Republican mass meeting, but they tell
me the tide was on the ebb. I think that
mass meetings, from my little experience
of San Francisco, indicate the condition
of the public pulse, and they say a doctor
can tell by feeling of a man's pulse
when he is going to die. I am sorry for
the Republicans, but they will die In a
good cause our cause. But some of the
Republicans, and I hope many of them
—are going to vote' for us, for I believe
they are patriots. They claim to be, and
some of them I suppose went to the Phil
ippines, but I am not sure; Major Geary
did not find many of them over there."
Having had his little joke the Mayor
grew serious and devoted considerable
time in trying to show that the Republi
cans were endeavoring to make capital
out of the war. At the same time he
apologized for the Democrats' action in
placing Major Geary on the ticket, ex
plaining that It was done as a reward to
MRS. CRITTENDEN THORNTON
DIES IN THE FRENCH CAPITAL
MRS. CRITTENDEN THORNTON, the wife of the well-known attorney,
died yesterday morning in Paris, where she bad been living for the last
six months. Mrs. Thornton left San Francisco last April for the French
capital to seek medical treatment. The news of Mrs. Thornton's
death, though unexpected, did not come as a utter surprise. Three weeks
ago her husband, Crittenden Thornton, received a cablegram from his wife that
a sudden turn- in her Illness made life precarious, but soon after her physicians
pronounced her out of danger. The end came yesterday morning and the sud
den news quite prostrated Crittenden Thornton, whose latest previous informa
tion was that his wife was recovering.
Mrs. Crittenden Thornton was the daughter of David D. Colton, one of the
most prominent of early railroad men in California, Her father was one of the
original builders of the Central Pacific, and for a long time was intimately con
nected with the "Great Four," Huntington, Hopkins, Crocker and Stanford. She
has been a great traveler, usually accompanied by her mother, Mrs. Ellen N.
Colton, and her daughter, now Mrs. Siegfried Schacher. A few months ago, whil«
in Paris, Miss Helen Thornton was married and the wedding was one of the
events of the season among the American colony in Paris.
Mr. and Mrs. Schacher and Mrs. Ellen Colton will soon leave for San Fran
cisco, accompanying the body of Mrs. Crittenden Thornton.
The deceased was 44 years of age and a native of . California, her birthplace
being Treka, Siskiyou County.
,•■—..:.-'.■-.-.-
Dodge Pleads for
Himself and De
clares Straight
Voting a Relic
of Knownothing
ism.
Administration of City Af
fairs Under the Charter
Announced as the Only
Issue of the Campaign.
a gallant officer. Continuing, he said:
"We are now engaged in a great bat
tle. The battle that has been going on
in San Francisco is. Shall we own of be
owned? There is always in every city a
certain class seeking to obtain proprie
tary rights over our streets, under our
streets and in the air above the streets,
and in the success of the efforts of these
greedy monopolists lies our greatest dan
ger. The Republicans are not prepared
to wage a war against this greed because
they would be warring against them
selves. They would be committing hara
kiri, by which a man destroys himself.
Republicans Not Blamed.
"But that is no strong indictment
against our fellow-citizens. They are
not to blame, but are unfortunate in be
ing so placed. I came here to-night for
the purpose of telling you what the city |
would be under the new charter. I did j
not come to reply to the speeches made
by the Republican nominees in this hall ;
the other night, for I really see nothing I
in them to reply to. I believe they spoke
on the new charter, and I do not see that
they are entitled to any credit for it. It
was not the work of any party, but was
compiled for the benefit and with the co
operation of all good citizens of San
Francisco."
The speaker then proceeded to detail |
the steps taken to organize a board of
freeholders to draft the charter and the
subsequent events leading up to its adop
tion and ratification by the Legislature.
"We do not claim the entire credit of the
new charter," he said, "but we claim that
this meeting here to-night is the outcome
of the. adoption of that charter. There Is
not a man on the Democratic ticket who
was not an advocate of this charter and
who did not fight for it, while there are
men on the Republican ticket who op
posed it from the beginning.
"Our party, the present Democratic or
ganization, had its birth in the charter
fight, and I say that the men who are |
leading the Republican party to-day do i
not refer to the head of the ticket, but to j
the men .and corporations who are behind j
that party— are opposed to the charter i
and before it was adopted did their ut
most to defeat it.
"I will say of the Democratic platform
this: It has come to pass in the last three
years that platforms have come to mean
something. The Democratic platform
means something. It means that if elect
ed we will give the city a businesslike,
honest government.
Claims All the Credit.
"It Is rather peculiar, perhaps, for you
to know that the Democratic minority in
the Hoard of Supervisors during the past
year has controlled nearly every essen
tial act of the Supervisors.' notwithstand
ing the opposition of the majority."
He claimed that there had been reduc
tions in rates all along the line and
created a laugh by saying that in trying
to explain how the minority had managed
to have its own way one of the Repub
lican Supervisors had claimed that he
(the Mayor) had fllmflammed them.
Mr. Phelan proceeded to explain how,
according to his theories, the Democratic
minority on the board had secured a re
duction of the gas rate. The history of
the fight against the San Francisco Gas
and Electric was rehearsed in detail and
the claim made that the Democratic Su
pervisors and himself were entitled to the
entire credit for the victory over the mo
nopoly, a victory which he said meant a
saving to the people of the city of San
Francisco of $300,000 a year. He also re
ferred to the attempt of the Market Street
Railway system to get a franchise to the
county line in order to evade assessment
by the City and County Assessor by or
ganizing an Intercounty system and thus
placing the authority to levy an assess
ment against its entire line in and out of
this city and county in the hands of the
State Board of Equalizers, which the
Market Street Company controlled. This
scheme also, Mr. Phelan claimed, was
foiled by the Democratic minority of the
present Board of Supervisors.
Fight Against Corporations.
"The great battle, I say, is between the
people and the corporations. I do not
mean to assert that the corporations do
not bring any benefit to a city, but I claim
that they do not pay an adequate compen
sation for the privilege of doing business
in the municipality. It is a battle, but a
bloodless battle. The corporations are on
the defensive; they are compelled to re
sist, while it is our business to press them !
and force them to pay a fair compensa
tion to the city for the. privileges they en
joy.
"The remedy for all this is in the mu
nicipal ownership of public utilities. When
we nave these we will have won the great
fight against these quasi-public corpora
tions. .";"'.'
"Now that the people with the new char
ter have the means of putting these re
forms into execution we ask for a renewal
of confidence in order that we may inau
gurate the charter in the spirit in which
it was adopted. Under the charter the
Police, the Fire, the Health and the Edu
cational departments will pass into the
control of the Mayor, and it is a responsi
bility that any man might well shirk. The
man who undertakes the task of naming
the men who are to serve on these boards
should possess three qualifications: He
should be possessed of experience ln the
affairs of the city and the character of the
work his appointees will be called upon to
fill and he should be a good Judge of
men."
Mr. Phelan declared in conclusion that
lie was under no obligation to any man
for his nomination; that he had been nom
inated by the people, owed fealty to the
people only and if elected would be wholly
free from any political obligation and in a
position to devote his best energies for
the next two years to the welfare of the
people of San Franclsco.
Then the audience gave three cheers for
Phelan, the band played and the people
| marched out of the hall.
Hales.
a out JL program :
W U free embroidery lessons
y H Japanese art embroidering
2 to 5.
g I 0 free exhibit of art goods
from the homes of deft needlewomen, china painting from the
artist's studio, embroidery from the most expert of two conti-
nents, Mexican hand-drawn work, stamped and burnt leather.
cloak department. millinery.
new separate plaid skirts in 8 dif- stylish misses' hat in brown or blue
erent designs; all the new fail color- felt, trimmed natty with stitched vel-
ings; lined with best percaline and vet, ribbon and spangled quills; a di-
finely tailored; bought before the ad- reet copy of a Paris importation.
vance in woolens, so instead of $6 the $4.50 each
price is $4.50 each the "Xew Directoire," felt, with
front trimming of silk and velvet in
fine taffeta silk waists in plain French, rosette effect, with quills and
black, colors and stripes: finely cord- ornament; roll of velvet around
ed fronts and made with tight fitted crown; double-faced satin rosettes
waist lining; dress sleeves with flare finishing the back $5 each
cuffs; $6 waists for $5 each black chenille spangle Spanish tur-
ban; velvet crown, trimmed high on
black jackets, tailor made cheviots, side, with black taffeta bo\v and
boucle and rumbo beaver cloth with j black breasts; taffeta stitched ro-
storm collars; all have fly fronts and 1 settes on bandeau $5.50 each
some of them 4 and 6 button fronts; close fitting "London style" walk-
-24 inches long and in every way ex- ing hat, becomingly trimmed with
cellent value at $6, $7.50 and $8.50, but fancy breasts and velvet to match;
they are last fall's styles, so we are rosettes of velvet, with ornaments on
closing them out at $2.95 each the hair; one of the most popular and
becoming hats of the season..s6 each
imported kersey cloth jackets, light medium sized felt turban, similar
and medium tan, blue and black; 6 j in style to the "New Mushroom" tur-
button, double breasted front, silk 1 ban, draped with tucked taffeta; silk
lined throughout; finely stitched and I drape finished with knot of silk and
tailored; bought before the advance j velvet to the front and fancy breasts
in woolens, so instead of $12.50 the 1 from front to back; crush of velvet
price is $9.45 each J on side bandeau $7 each
Odd Fellows' decorations
golden jubilee flags in two styles each 25c
I. O. O. F. welcome flags each 10c
golden jubilee I. O. O. F. banners 50c
30 feet roll festooning 20c
Visiting Odd Fellows will have cards; see that you have some
to exchange with them; orders taken.for printed cards in a great
variety of designs; first-class work arid prompt delivery-
that closes m/ J&Jy^^^(^^^fe^ f or f anC y work,
at six J&~~*£2£*£2S°°22^ china painting,
every day 935 ' 937 ' 939 ' 941 ' 943 ' 945» 947 embroidery.
Market Street.
WORKING FOR DAVIS.
Friends Organize to Help Him in His
Fight.
A large assemblage of friends of Hon.
Horace Davis met last night at Turn
Verein Hall, 323 Turk street, and organ
ized the Horace Davis Thirty- As
sembly District Club. The following
officers were elected: M. Boehm, presi
dent: H. S. Adams, secretary; advisory
' committee Currier, Claus Tlede-
I mann, P. L. Archibald, Henry Dam
kroeger and Charles Hinckley. The club
was addressed by M. Boehm and Claus
Tiedemann. Resolutions were passed in
viting all electors residing in the Thirty
ninth District who are in favor of a
good, honest business administration for
the municipality to join the club and
give their help in advancing the interest
of Horace Davis in the campaign.
DRUGGED AND ROBBED.
Experience of John Ehalainen, a
Steward in the Hospital Corps
at the Presidio.
Joseph Ehalainen, a steward in the
United States Army Hospital Corps sta
tioned at the Presidio, was drugged and
robbed in a saloon and thrown into the
street early yesterday morning, where he
was found by Policeman Joy and taken
to the Receiving Hospital in a semi-con
scious condition.
Restoratives were applied and he re
covered consciousness in a few hours. He
told Joy that he went to Alameda Sunday
to visit friends and while returning on
the boat met a soldier of the Twentieth
Kansas. They had some drinks and he
remembered playing the slot machine and
asking the bartender to change a $5 gold
piece. He drank three glasses of port
wine in the saloon. His hip pocket had
been cut and $56 taken out of It and his
gold watch and chain had also been
stolen.
The saloon was "Young Mitchell's," on
the corner of Taylor street and Golden
Gate avenue, and when Joy called there
the bartender did not deny that the two
soldiers were drinking there, but de de
nied that Ehalainen was drugged and
robbed. The police are investigating the
case.
. ♦ »
New Music.
Ferdinand Stark of Zinkand's, the celebrated
violin virtuoso leader of his Justly famous
orchestra, has just received a large supply of
new music. •
CHARLES GOODALL'S ESTATE.
'< Inventory Shows It to Be Worth
Nearly a Million Dollars.
The inventory and appraisement in the
: estate of the late Charles Goodall was
tiled yesterday. Frank H. Willis, Julian
Smith and F. N. Thai, the appraisers, find
the estate to be worth $939,675. Following
are the largest items in the Inventory:
Lot of land on the southeast corner of
Pierce and McAllister streets, 157 feet
front, with improvements. $67,123; lot of
land on the southwest corner of Steiner
and McAllister streets, $43,250; lot on
Sixth street, near Brannan, $16,000; lot on
land on Market street, near Van Ness
avenue, $64,000; lot on Oak street, near
Franklin. $14,500; lot on the northwest
corner of Bush street and Van Ness ave
nue. $13,000; property in the Park Hill
Homestead Association, valued at 985,000;
420 shares of the capital stock of the First
National Bank, $94,500; stock in Omega
Sugar Company, $7600; 300 shares capital
stock of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, valued at $10,800; interest of the
deceased in the copartnership of Goodall,
Perkins & Co., valued at $490,035. The bal
ance of the estate is made up of minor
real estate holdings, stocks and bonds and
other assets.
BOYD MUST ACCOUNT.
Heirs of the Davis Estate Defeat Him
in Legal Battle.
Judge Belcher yesterday rendered judg
ment in favor of Lizzie Muir and Belle
Curtis, heirs of the estate of the late
Jacob Z. Davis, and against Alexander
Boyd for an accounting.
Boyd was a partner of Jacob Z. Davis,
who died in October, 1896. leaving an
estate valued at {2,000,000. li" conducted
the affairs of the copartnership until the
estate of the deceased was distributed to
the heirs. The heirs claimed that Mr.
Boyd owed the Davis estate some $30,000,
and as he refused to account, they Bled
suit. Mr. Boyd claimed that his services
on behalf of the copartnership were rea
sonably worth the amount of the differ
ence in the accounts, some $30,000. and
that the matter should be allowed to
stand. Judge Belcher, however, has de
cided that his services were not unusually
laborious and that he Is entitled to no
compensation therefor. Hence Mr. Boyd
must pay the plaintiff $30,000 unless the
judgment is reversed on appeal.
Most every one who has whiskey ' for sale
compares its virtues : to Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey.
In the Divorce Court.
Lillian M. Anderson -was granted a di
vorce from William E. Anderson yester
day on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Casadora I. Weir has sued George C. Weir
for a divorce, alleging cruelty as cause of
action. Julia Gardner has sued Henry
Gardner for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as ground of action.
Arrested for Insanity.
John Gibbets, who escaped from Agnews
I Hales.
last Saturday, was arested last evening
at the home of his mother by Officer Gal
loway. Gibbets had walked all the way
from the asylum. The mother, Mrs. Mary
Gibbets, was also taken into custody and
charged with insanity at the request of
her daughter, Mrs. Mary Islin.
■■ • ■
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit, M. Rothschild. 33* Post st. ■'-.*.*■'■'■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B s________________^___m_______Bm_wßa__m
Write Us
Or Call on Onr Local Agent
For a copy of the report made by
the fuel committee of the Produc-
ers' and Manufacturers' Associa-
.ion, on our
Contra Costa Property.
We are down 900 feet, and will
strike oil within 300 feet further
irilling. "Illustrated Prospectus"
on application.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
ROOMS 322-323 FARROTT BUILDING.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Oakland Agents — O'ROUKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World'!
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested in subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
t ion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the 'ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
.'i'-V-7-7 180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. ls Inserted as
our Contribution.
Pretty
Cups and Saucers,
lOcts. up.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Imßortinc Tea Go-
Stores Everywhere,
ioo Stores.
•7' * 7 ';
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
E3h£fcSr a -= H -nt
plaints of the Organs of Generation
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Writ's Mian VeietaMe Fills
A RE ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
£ars persons who have Used them for forty
CONST O IPATTol CX HEADACHE. GIDDIN ESS,
??n. ,™££_? loi i- Torpid Liver, Weak Stom-
ach, Pimples and pur. * the blood.