VOLUME LXXXVI-^O D 9.
LARGE AUDIENCE AT WOODWARD'S PAVILON
LUSTILY CHEERS WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN
— — .* _ — __
* Is Introduced as the Next President. *
****»************ ***************
Announces That Every PSank in
the Last Democratic Platform
Will Be in the Next.
Says He Has Examined the So-Called *
Corpse of Free Silver and Candidly
Thinks It Will keep Till the Next \
Campaign.
WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN*
of Nebraska has personally
delivered his message to the
people of this city. He had
his say last night at Wood
ward's Pavilion, and what he said was
against territorial expansion and the
tru?ts and in favor of free silver, the
election of United States Senators by a
direct vote of the people, axid the in
come tax. A great throng of people
listened to and applauded his words.
and another great crowd lingered out
side, unable to gain admittance into the
big building.
The late standard-bearer cf the sil
ver Democracy, who still appears to
ha%-e the call on the Democratic nomi
nation for the Presidency, arrived in
San Francisco yesterday mominz from
the Ycsemite, where he has been sisht
see'.ng with his family. Mrs. Bryan.
his son and two daughters accompanied
him. They were taken to the Califor
nia Hotel, in the parlors of which, after
luncheon, the Nebraskan and his wife
held a reception. Later in the day they
were driven to the Mechanics" Fair.
After dinner, in company with the
members of the reception committee
and escorted by marching clubs and
bands of mu?ic, they began the carriage
Journey to "Woodward's Pavilion.
The crowds were there long ahead of
them. So were the police from the
Seventeenth-street station, under com
mand of Captain Glllln. to keeo the
crowds in order, which they did so ad
mirably that the 5000 seats in the Inte
rior, except those reserved for the es
cort marching with Bryan, were filled
without discomfort to any one — if you
don't count those that couldn't get in —
in tore S o'clock.
The pavilion itself was decked out in
more artistic fashion than ever before, |
th= management evidently having
profited by the recent examale fur
nished during th a reception of the Cali
fornia volunteers. Red. white and blue
bunting was draped ail around in
srrncer'u! festoons from rafters to gal
leries, the effect being punctuated here
and there with pictures of Bryan and
silver stars. A tribune er«-tM at the
south end of the platform was very
beautif':! in red plush and a stand of
colors. Above it in larce letters hung
the legend, indicative of the burden of
the speech about to be delivered —
Republic or Empire?
At S o'clock the doors were barred
and the crowd settled town to await
the coming of the speaker, being aided
thereto by the band over the speaker's
stand, which persisted in playing
"Only One!" which many thought to.be
a ?u£-grsti<->n of the unit 5n the free
silver ratio. A few minutes after 8
o'clock Mrs. Phebe Hearst and the
visiting architects who are her guests
'.v-r* 1 ushered into the pavilion. They
w*r= immediately recognized and
cheered.
The progress of the Nebraskan and
his escort through the streets of the
city took longer than had been calcu
lated, and it was almost 5 o'clock when
the strains of approaching music gave
notice of their proximity to the pa
vilion. Outside bombs were, fired and j
cheers raised; inside everybody rose j
to his <">r her feet and got ready to ;
cheer. The scenes that ensued during >
the next five minutes changed too rap- >
Idly to be caught by any one eye. the ;
sounds were too many for any one ear
to distinguish.
Pellrcell through one of the big doors ■
came the white-uniformed men of the
Bryan Free Silver Flambeau Club and
their band. Everybody cheered and the ;
f.ambeau bearers made a wild scram
ble for the 3eats that had been reserved
:^r them to the right or the speaker's
stand, the crowd that followed almost
beating them to the coveted places, i
Next came the Iroquois braves, some ;
r,i them in war paint, with another j
bar.d. More cheers, another crowd,
again a rush for seats. Necks were :
Etret<~hM farther and eyes popped for l
the fir*: glimpse of Bryan. When he
did come, which was not for several |
minutes later, he was met by a shout j
that shook the building. There was i
not a doubt of it: He was in the house i
of his friends and the glad smile that
overspread his features showed that the j
Nebraskan appreciated the situation.
Mr. Bryan came in on the arm of
Democratic National Committeeman J. j
J. Dwyer. Following came Mrs. Bryan j
on the- arm <-.f i^ o Park, others in the I
party which ascended to the speaker's i
stand were Mayor Pheian, Seth Mann, i
chairman of the Democratic State Com- j
mittee: Judge W. j. Lawler, Mrs. Park,
the Misses Dwyer. W. EL Alford, W. j
W. Foote and Jasper McDonald.
As soon as the cheering ceased the j
committee in charge made up for lost |
time by getting into the* middle of J
things. Mr. Dwyer wasted few words
In Introducing as chairman of the even- !
ing Seth Mann. The chairman of the j
Democratic State Central Committee i
used only a few more in welcomine the
Nebraskan. whose name was loudly
cheered again and again. Mr. Mann
said y the late candidate of the Demo
cratic party for President of the United
State was still the logical candidate,
and would undoubtedly be elected at !
the coming election. He then Intro- j
duced "William Jennings Bryan, the i
next President of the United States." '
The San Francisco Call.
Mr. Bryan st^od up. and. of course.
there were more cheers, and prolonged
ones, during which the big: audience
had opportunity for a good look at the
champion of free silver. Since his las:
visit here the Nebraskar. has taken or.
more fiesh. The firmly defined jaw of
the once "Boy Orator of the Platte"' !
has accumulated a good full coatine of ;
flesh; the nose is not so sharply defined
as it was in ISSS, when he first came to
this coast. There is more erectness.of .
b-arir.g, however, that there was before
the war, probably due to service as coi
onel of a Nebraska regiment. There
was fire in the eye. but it was not no
ticeable until the speaker warmed up.
and, no matter how he stirred his hear- ; '
ers, Mr. Bryan kept himself always
well in hani. I
Bryan Says Imperialism Cannot Exist Without Its Twin Brother, Militarism.
Judging from his address last night,
Mr. Bryan is a finished orator. Every
word he utters is clearly articulated;
he wastf-s no energy in meaningless
gestures; he speaks in the tone of c.
man who believes what he says, and
his manner cannot fail to convince such
an audience as he had last night — polit
ical friends all. or nearly all.
He started with the statement that
he believed the nation was assailed by
creat dangers and proceeded to point
out v.hat he believed these to be. He
denounced the system of stamp taxa
tion and advocated the income tax.
When he had finished with that he in
sisted that United States Senators
should be elected by direct vote of the
people.
"You had a Senatorial contest here
recently. I believe." he said, with a
smile.
The house caught on and Mr. Bryan
did not think it necessary to continue
his argument further.
On the silver question he * said he
hated to drag in such a funereal sub
ject, but was compelled to. The Re
publicans, he continued, said it was a
dead issue and that they had buried it.
"They have buried it so often." he
said, "that they confess that they have
never done a good job. I have ex
amined the so-called corpse and my
candid opinion Is that it will last till
l&OO."
The "benevolent assimilation of the
Filipinos," as he called the territorial
expansion policy, came in for a good
many sly digs at the hands of the Ne
braskac He said coupled with It -was
SAX FRANCISCO. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
S~AOLOXEL WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN, ' ■ - • ■ arrii rd in Sj-:
£ Frai yesterday morning \ \V. IV. - : • f the Paris ■_
\^y tm ■-. ■ ■■■■: - . lys ago and has bee i one f
■- ever since. At Port by a delegation f S m ■' i
ne it ■ : . :- I. j ' hen to t i H tel in this n i
- red f
iMi : Mrs. 1 • ition in tie parlors of the h tel, m i
> driven i the Me i f the i \gement ft) f . At din
: I Mrs. Bryan were ' . : " ' J. J. Dwyer, J. F.
H Al) ■ '. Jasrer M ' \ th M mn.
ng Colonel B- ~ ~ ' ' ted by a
... - .... ... . . . . ; and tzvo brass bands
I the way a i mbs denoted the pr igres ; if
At the pavilion the Nebraskan received an ovation. He outlined the issues upon which
Democracy would base its claims for success in the next Presidential election, 'denounced the pol
icy of expansion and trusts, denied ... silver was a corpse, and said he favored the income tax
and the election of United States Senators by direct vote of the people.
Colonel and Mrs. Bryan and members of their party took supper at the Palace Hotel, after
leaving ward's Pavilion, as the guests of Mrs. Phebe Hearst. Mr. and Mrs. Bryan will
leave this morning for Sacramento, where Colonel Bryan will deliver an address to-day.
The prominence, of Colonel IV. IV. Ftfote in the ... is causing some uneasiness to
local Democratic politicians. Since the advent of the Nebraskan in the State the colonel of the
Paris Commission has been constantly at his side, and the impression is gaining ground that,
should Presidential lightning ever strike William Jennings Bryan Colonel Foote will be the man in
this neck of the woods whom hais will have to come off.
the doctrine of forcible Christianity,
which would shoot the gospel Into the j
refractory with a Gatling. For a full
half-hoar he-<welt on the subject, ad
vancing many new — some of them very
humorous — ideas, why from his stand- ;
point the policy of expansion was un-
American.
The trusts came in for some bitter i
denunciation at the hands of Mr.
Bryan, who received a great ovation j
as he finished. The speech, which oc- ;
cupied full two hours in delivery, was j
as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentle- |
men: While I appreciate the kindly !
words used by Mr. Mann in presenting j
me to you, I want you to believe me I
when I say that I have a higher ambi
tion than to be President of the United
States. (Cheers.) Only a few car. be
President in a generation, but in this
nation, where we are taught to love
the principles set forth by the fathers;
in this nation where every citizen is a
sovereign, and where none cares or
dares to wear a crown, to be a citizen i
is honor enough without holding any :
office. State or municipal. (Cheers.)
A higher ambition than to be Presi
dent is the ambition to make American
citizenship stand for something more ■
than citizenship in any other country
stands for. (Applause.) And I shall
have done all that I hope to do If I
can have a humble part In the work ;
of carrying this Government back and
placing it upon the old foundations, j
and make it what Jefferson intended: ;
a government that recognizes as its ,
maxim, "equal rights to all and special
privileges to none." (Applause and.
cheers.) .
My ambition will be fully satisfied '
if I can have a humble part in the
work of making this nation what Lin
coln wanted it to be a Government of
the people, by the people and for the
people. (Applause.)
I believe that the nation is assailed
by grave dangers and that it is the
duty of the citizen, the duty of every
lover of his country, to first investigate
and then cast his influence upon the
right side of every public question.
The Campaign of 1896.
The campaign of l?St> was a campaign
that stimulated thought and investiga
tion, and though the forces to which I
allied myself went down in defeat. I
believe that that campaign did good,
because it taught the people to study
public questions and the study of pub
lic questions must ultimately result Ii
the triumph of every right principle
and every *good policy. (Applause.)
There are Republicans in this audience,
I doubt not— there are Republicans I
hope; and they no doubt rejoiced that
In the campaign of 1596 they helped to
defeat me when I was a candidate for
the Presidency. But I want to tell them
that if the triumph of the Republican
party proves to be good for this coun
try I shall rejoice as much as the most
ardent Republican in my defeat. (Great
cheering.) And if the triumph of the
Republicans proves hurtful to this
country I shall expect the Republicans
who were responsible for that triumph
to feel worse about the result of the
last election than I feel. (Applause.)
I am going to assume that I have In
this audience to-night people who pre
fer the .triumph of that which is right
to the triumph of that which they may
think to be right; the triumph of that
which is true to the triumpß of that
which to them may seem to be true.
&cd I want to present to you a. few of
the Issues, and give you my reasons |
for believing that the Republican party j
is wrong on every great question now
before the country. (Applause.) Wrong
because there Is "a vicious principle
that runs through every Republican
policy; and I am going to try to con
vince you not only that there is a prin- ;
ciple running through all the Repub
lican parties, but I am going to try to
convince you that it is a vicious prin- !
ciple, and I have such faith in the i
strength of the arguments that I shall j
employ that I am confident I shall be •
able to convince some of you of that j
fact, some of you who have not ad
mitted it before.
The Dollar Above the Man.
The Republican party is putting the
dollar above the man. (Cheers and
cries of "That is true.") The Republi
can party has enthroned money and
debased mankind, and you can see the
dollar mark stamped on every policy
of the Republican party.
Abraham Lincoln ■wrote a letter in
1559 to the Republicans of Boston, who
were engaged in the celebration of Jef
ferson's birthday. Think: of it! Re
publicans celebrating Jefferson's birth
day. But they did it in 1868 To-day
they tell you that Alexander Hamilton
is the man whom Republicans worship,
but in 1559 the Republicans invoked the
name of Thomas Jefferson, not the
name of Alexander Hamilton. And
when Abraham Lincoln could not at
tend that dinner he sent a letter of re
gret and in the letter paid to Thomas
Jefferson a tribute as eulogistic as any
that I can pay. and in the course of
that letter he said that the Republi
can party believed In the man and the
dollar, but that in c%se of conflict it
believed In the man above the dollar.
(ABBlause.)
it-*********-**-****- »♦♦♦♦**♦♦
x Bonfires Light the Way for Him. *
*♦»*#♦»♦*♦♦♦*♦♦♦♦♦♦*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
The Nebrasken Declares Himself
an Out-and-Out Opponent of
the Policy of Expansion.
is Emphatic in His Assertion That the
Gospel of Benevolent Assimulation
Cannot Be Shot Into Filipinos With a
Gatling Gun.
That was the doctrine of Abraham I
Lincoln, and in the early days of h\< -,
: administration he sent to Congress a
■ message, and in that message he
\ warned his countrymen against the ap-
I proa of monarchy. What alarmed
him, he stated in the message — what it :
was that gave him alarm — was the at- :
i tempt to put capital upon an equal
; footing, if not above, labor in the
Structure of the government, and in
I that attempt he saw the danger of re-
I turning monarchy.
If I were to warn the people to-day
: against the approach of monarchy
I they would call me a demagogue — the
i Republicans would— and yet Abraham .
i Lincoln warned his countrymen :
' against the approach of monarchy, and ;
\ he was frightened at the attempt, then
1 in its inception, to place capital even j
upon an equal footing with labor in
the structure of the government.
Lincoln Versus Hanna.
If Lincoln mas alarmed then, what
would be his alarm if he were here to
day and could see the difference be
tween Republicanism in the days of
Lincoln and Republicanism In the days
of Marcus A. Hanna? (Prolonged
cheers a_d applause.)
I: you Republicans want to get a
good view of the change that has
taken place in the Republican party
place the heroic fisure of your mar
tyred President at one end of the Re
publican party and the present chair
man of the Republican National Com
mittee at the other end. and look at the
toboggan slide that leads to the bot
tom. (Great applause.)
I repeat that to-day the Republican
party has reversed the doctrine of Lin
coln, and that to-day in the eyes of the
Republican leaders the dollar comes
Srst and the man afterward, if at all.
(Laughter and applause.) You ask me
how I can prove it. If I had time I
could take up one by one the issues be
fore the country and show you that in
every instance the Republican party
sides with money as against man.
(Cries of "Take them up.")
Platform of 1900.
The Democratic platform of IS3S -will
be in the campaign of 1900, every plank
of it. (Cheers and applause.) Every
plank, every line, and every syllable,
and every plank is stronger to-day
than it was when written. Do you
doubt that the demand for arbitration
of differences between labor and capi
tal is stronger to-day than it was in
ISSS? I believe it is stronger, much
stronger, now. and that the demand
for arbitration will continue to grow
MrrJ.l ■■ ihi arbitration of disputes be-
PRICE Tl\'E CENTS.
I tvreen rporai capita! and employes
I of corporations will be as well system
atized and as practicable as is the
court of justice to-day for the settle-
I meet or" disputes between man and
man. Do you doubt that there is more
. opposition to-day to government by in
: junction than there was in 1536? (Ap
plause.) I have no doubt of it. and :
believe that opposition to govern
ment by injunction will continue to in
crease until the people of this nation,
; acting through the constitution and the
laws, will make it impossible for courts
[ to take away from people accused Of
■ crime the right of trial by jury to de
: tennice their guilt or innocence. (Ap
: plause.)
Income Tax a Stayer.
The income tax was in the campaign
| of ISSS, and it had a good deal of influ
ence with some people. Why, when we
had that amendment before Congress
one of the Eastern Democrats said to
: us in the committee that if we, as a
'■■ party, favored the income tax rich
: Democrats would leave the party. I
: felt it my duty tcr defend the rich Demo
crat, and I said they would not; that
no rich Democrat would leave the party
because of the party's efforts to do
justice on the subject of taxation. I
say that I said the rich Democrats
would not leave the party, but I did
not know rich Democrats then as well
as I did afterward. (Laughter and ap
plause.) But I said, "Suppose they do,
won't the poor Republicans come in
and take their places?" I thought they
would; but I did not know the poor
Republicans then as well as I did
afterward. (.Laughter and applause.)
I thought that M a rich Democrat
left the party in order to avoid doing
justice, poor Republicans would
; come into the party to secure justice. I
■ thought the poor Republicans would
j feel about the matter as the Irishman
I felt about the action of the mule. He
I was driving a mute-to a buggy and the
! male began to kick, and finally got his
; heels up over the dashboard, and the
: Irishman said to the muie: "All right,
you can get In if you want to, but
■when you get in I will get out. (Laugh
ter and applause.)
But I can forgive the poor Republi
cans who were so blinded by partisan
prejudice that they did not realize that
the Democratic party was fighting their
battles for them. I knew that a man
can be blinded by partisanship so that
he will think that everything his own
party does is ail right, and that every
thing any other party does is ail wrong.
I went once from my home in Nebras
ka to a town in Eastern lowa to hear
a great Republican make a speech. I
wanted to hear what could be said on
that side, and I wanted to hear it from
the lips of one of the great Republi
cans. ~ I remember the meeting. They
had a good many Republican farmers
there.
Cornstalk Applause.
It was in the fall of the year and
the Republican farmers had with them
---■■. canes, and they would wave
them when anything was said that
pleased them. I remember that when
the speaker pointed out that the Re
publican party had put a tariff on wool
in order to raise the price of wool, those
Republican farmers waved their corn
stalk canes and hurrahed for a tariff on
wool which raised the price of wooL
And that when the speaker went on to
say that the Republican party had put
a tariff on woolen goods in order to
lower the price of woolen goods, those
men raised their canes a?ain and
shouted. (Cheers and laughter.) • I be
lieve that it did not make any differ
ence what the argument was. (Lauzh
ter.)
I say I can forgive the poor Republi
can who don't understand how unjust
is the present method of collecting
i taxes, but I want to warn the poor Re
: publicans that my forgiving power will
. not hold out much longer if they fail to
', see it. (Laughter.)
In the campaign of 1536, when I rant
ed to say anything on the income-tax
decision I always quoted from one of
1 the Judges of the Supreme Court, and
I am such a conservative man. and so
cautious, that I always preferred to
quote from a Republican Judge rather
than a Democratic Judge, because he
could" not be an anarchist. (Laush
ter and applause.) I used to quote es
pecially from Justice Brown of Mich
igan. You remember that he said in his
dissenting opinion: "I fear that in
some hour of national peril this de
cision will rise up to paralyze the arm
of the Government." The hour of Deril
came. We needed more revenue. We
could not collect that increased revenue
from incomes. Why? Because that de
cision Lid rise up to paralyze the arm
of the Government, and then we had
to resort to other methods of taxation.
We have become familiar with the
stamp tax.
Working of Stamp Tax.
Every time you send a telegram you
pay what you used to pay and in addi
tion thereto 1 cent for tie benevolent
assimilation of the Filipino. Way is it
that that tax of 1 cent on each telearram
must be paid by the sender? It is be
cause the telegraph companies have
more influence with the Republican
party than all the poor Republicans who
send telegrams and must pay that tax.
You go to a bank and give a check, and
if you are a poor man and give a small
check you pay - cents on it. If you are
rich and give a check you pay only 2
cents on it. The tax is not graded ac
cording to income or wealth of the
citizen I believe in the income tax. and
I believe that it is the fairest tax that
was ever devised. (Applause and
cheers.) I intend to continue to labor
for an income tax, and I am so san
guine that I expect to see the day when
the constitution of the United States
will specifically authorize an income
tax. so that neither one Judge nor nine
Judges can build a bulwark around the
fortunes of the great nor place a bur
den upon the backs of the struggling
poor. (Applause and cheers.)
Blood Not as Precious as Money.
The war has broueht into bold relief2
thifi fact, thai when our Government
deals with the citizen ;t.- : power is iin
limited, but when it deals with prop
erty its power is limited. Under our
present coi dltl ma i nd vi der Repub
lican rule, blood Is not as precious as
money. The Government can drafi the
citizen but cannot draft thy pocket
book.
In an hour f peril the Government
can take the son from his mother, n«>
matter h»>w much she needs him; in
an hour of peril the Government can
take the husband from his wife, no
matter bow much she needs him; in
an hour «'f peril tho Government can
take the father from the children no
matter how much they need him; In
an hour of peril the Government can
take the son, brother, father, the hus
band and stand them up In front of the
enemies' guns. Hut in fin hour of peril
this Government is powerless to lay its
finger upon accumulated wealth ami
make that wealth bear its share of the
burdens of war. (Prolonged cheers and
se.)
Why is it? It is because the Repub
lican party is putting the dollar ab ive
the man, and it is giving to aggregate
wealth an Influence over the destinies
of the nation and every policy ><i the
Government more potent than it gives
to i! oon people of this
: ry.
Corporations Make Senators.
Bui that is 6nly one question. I am
not sure but you had a Senatorial con
test In this State recently. (Laughter
and applause.) The Fifty-second Con- |
gress and the Fifty-third C
were Democratic congresses and
congresses passed through tho
lower h iuse by more than a two-thirds
vote a resolution submitting to the
an amendment to the constitu
ti n pi oviding for the election of I fnited
ators bj a din ct voi e of tho
I c, (Applause.) There have been
Repub n congress< s since and
neither of those congresses passed such
lution. Why. Because under the
present method of electing Senators
corporations can elect Senators to rep
resent corporations instead of the peo
: the State. (< 'hi crs. i And the
n party <:■>• s not advance
that measure which is in the Ini
of thi : d desired by them. The
ators by the peopli Ihe
Republican party does noH advance be
lt is < . by ■ 'n 'rate
\\ ealth and da i fuse to do the
bidding of these great corporations. In
another instanci you see the Repub
lican party is putting the dollar al
an and insisting upon the reten
tion of a method of electing Senators
permits money t<> elect Instead of
the people. It is putting the dollar
above the man. (Applause.)
A Procession of Funerals.
There Is another question that I al
hate to mention before this on- I
thuslastlc audience for< v ■
that seems to be so good-natured. I
hate to drag in a fui tion be
: such an audience, and yet I must
speak of the silver question. (Laughter
and .!■ ■ 1 must speak for a lit
hile, even If it is not welcome.
(Applaus< I They say that the silver
. • : >n is dead. < Laughter.) Well,
my friends, tin- fact is that the gold
has buri« 1 it so often that a fun- [
has lost all its terrors, and
have come almost to exclaim, in the
language, "O death, where is thy
Is thy victorj ?
(Laughter.) 1 remember that In WJ
my opponent for Congress said v. •
would never hear of the silver q
tion after that election. It was
lhan-a year from that time when th<
lent called C< tigress together to
■ Mian law, and buried it
again. When the Sherman law was
Lied they s.iid that it was buried
again, but it was up In 1*1'!, and had to
be buried again, and some of you prob
ably remembei that it was up again |
in 1896. (Laughter and applause.) Bui
the Republicans said that they had
buried it again. 1 remember reading
aboul thai myself; it was in large
print. (Laughter.) Thin it was up
aguln In 1897 and had to be buried
again. It had to be buried again in j
1898, and if you will read the Repub
rs you will find that the ob
sequies are still in progress. I have
examined very carefully this corpse
and my candid opinion is that it will !
last until 1900. (Laughter ami an
plause.)
i why is it that they have '<<• bury
it so often? Why don't they bury it
completely and be done with it? Be
no tomb was ever made so strong
that it could imprison a righi'
(Applause.) I am not going t .
Into a discussion of this question,
but I am going to call your attention
to a few f.-iets of history and then I
on. Why, you hear people talk us If
■ :-• was something new. They
hold up their hands in horror at the
thought of trying to experiment. The
! that we had the double standard
for eifchty-one years in this country.
from 1792 to 1873, and during all thai
time no party, whatever the name, ever
declared against it. Isn't that strange?!
What a record! Now, I heai people
say that we never bad the double i
dard at all: that bimetallism was never
11 was something else. I never
quarrel with them. When a man tplls;
me that we never had the double Btan-
Ilism I simply reply to
him, "Give us what you had. and you
can name it." (Laughter.) What you
want Is the law, the law that Andrew
Jackson signed, the law thai stood an- ,
til in the night, and without warning 1 . :
it was stricken from the statute books.
Wo wanl th" restoration of that which
because we git th" gold standard
it any party asking for it.
A Concealed Blessing.
I remember that In my boyhood days.
when ! :•■ debasing society, w.e
Ihe question; "U> bolj cd.
■ there la. more pleasure in anticlpa
than In possession"; and It provokes
me- now to think- thai we got the gold
rd without passing through a period I
of pi- asant ai I of It. It iust
cam" upon us like a thief In the night,
aril then we had It for t we.nty-thr.-o years
any party dared to defend it. isn't ;
that strange? Tell ni" the gold standard
Is a blessing, and 1 ask you why is it liiat
that blessing was bo mysteriously con
irty found It out? I>o you
tell mo that Xhf victory of 1896 was a vic
tory for tho gold standard? I i^itm out
the fact that three parti. -s united in de
nouncing the gold standard as ur»-
American and anti-American] Three par-
I that tho gold standard should
b* driven out of th" United States and
back" to England, whence it o;rne. But
six .millions and a half of voters marched
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
<iruggists; all sorts of people use it.
under the banner of independent bimetal
lism and not one of them was bought and
not one of them was intimidated. (Ap
plause and cheers.) You tell me that the I
Republicans outvoted us and I tell you j
that according* to the returns they had
millions of votes, but for what did j
those seven millions vote? "Why," you 1
say, "they voted the Republican ticket." j
Bat that ticket ran upon a platform, and
what did that platform say? That plat
form pledged the Republican party to do
what it could to get rid of the gold stand
ard by International agreement, and when j
the vote was counted thirteen millions and
a half of people had voted for and pledged
themselves to a double standard as
against the gold standard, and only one i
hundred and thlrtyHwo thousajui— less i
than one per cent of the voters of the |
: States— had supported the only i
liikit that was ever pledged to the gold
standard as a good thing in the United i
States. (Applause.)
Getting Bid of a Blessing.
Now, the first thing the Republican !
President did was to send a commission
of thne distinguished men all the way to
Europe to get rid of the gold standard.
You tell me that the gold standard is a
blessing? i cannot believe it. becausi i
have so much c mfldence in the judgment :
President McKinley that I don't think
he would send three men all tho way to j
Europe to get rid of a good thing. (Ap
plause ami laughter.) And even if I was
willing to doubt the judgment of the Pres
l am not Injudicious enough to!
bring an Indictment against the whole
Republican Congress, because a Repub
lican Congress appropriated $100,000 to pay
xpenses of the commission while it
was in Europe trying to get rid of the gold
standard; rind I know that Republican
Congressmen are so careful of the peo- i
pie's money that they would not vot
■ of it trying to get rid of a
blessing. :
The commission went to Europe and it
found France anxious to Join with us-.wa,
France sent an Bmbassador to act with
.: Commissioners and tried to prevail mi
the English Government to help us out of
the hole that the gold star.. lard had put us
into. When our Commissioners went to i
tnd they found a sentiment there.-
They found that the labor organizations
. El gland had joined in a petition to rlu>
English Government asking that Govern
ment to assist In the restoration of bi
metallism. Why did the laboring men of
England Join In that petition. Because
th( gold standard has been a curse to the)
laboring men of England. (Applause.)
And while our commission was there
an English commission appointed to in
vestigate and report on the condition of
agriculture reported by a vote of 10 to i
that the gold standard was the
isi of agricultural depression in Eng- ,
and pointed to bimetallism as the;
only hope of the English farmer. Why
do the farmers of England cry out against j
. ild standard? Because it has b^en
ree to them. But you tell me that
the English Government refuses to join ,
with us. That is true. Hut why? Be- |
on the 22d day of September, ISP7, ;
nkers of London met at the Clear-.
Ing House, closed the doors, pledged
themselves to secrecj and drafted a res
olution declaring that the gold standard :
was all right; and th" bankers of Lon
don, meeting In Bectet, controlled the
action of the British Government, and j
the English Government controlled the
action of Europe, and Europe through!
the Republican party is controlling the j
financial policy of the I'nited States. ;
(I !heers. >
Money Question Not Dead.
You tell me that the money question is
dead. I tell you that It requires more
than a handful of English bankers to kill
a question in which 70.000,000 of people are
sted. You Republicans called me j
hard names in ': : '.. You called me a dem
le and a disturber of the peace. Aye,
even an anarchist. I want to toll you
you cannot think* of a name so bard that!
by using it you prevent me doing what j
[can to take this Government out of the
hands of English bankers and putting it |
hands .if Americans. (Cheers.)
our people were willing to go to war.
with Spain In order to relieve Cuba from :
foreign domination. Are they not willing
to vote to relieve the United States of a I
domination more hateful than was Spain's ■
domination in Cuba .
Bimetallism Still Desirable.
But they say that things hay. happened
since the election. Well, my friends, if j
• happened since the election to
the gold standard satisfactory it is
strange that the authorities at Washing-'
not found out about it. If you
will read the testimony givt n lately before
an English commission you will find in ;
that testimony, now published and open to
all, a letter written by John Hay, Secre
tary of State, on the 25th day of last .No
vember to a director of the Hank of Eng-
That letter was written by Mr. Hay
more than two years after the last Presi
: election. It was written more than
two weeks after the last Congressional
election, and yet that letter says that,
the President and the majority of his
Cabinet still believe in the great desira
bility of an international agreement for j
the restoration of silver. "Still be- (
that bimetallism Is de- j
c." Every argument in favor of In
ternational bimetallism is an argument
against the gold standard, and if the gold
ird is satisfactory, why doesn't the
: lent announce to the prop!.- of the j
< lid World that we no longer want fnter
bimetallism; that we want the
gold standard? Jnst as long as a man i
argues In favor of International bimetal- j
!is!n he confesses that it.'- gold standard
is not satisfactory. But they say that!
we have had a discovery of gold in the '
:ike. Republicans, you are awful
hard up for a vindication of your conduct |
■ to have to point to something that
happened after th>- election that you did
spect, in order to prove that you ■
were wise In what you did before that '
. happened. But did this discovery
of more gold vindicate the gold standard?
Not at all. What was the advantage of
cry of more gold? Why, you
say, it gave us more money. Ah: You
don't dare admit that, because if the dls
eovery of more gold gives us more money,
and mor< money gives us better times,
then you admit the quantitative theory of
money. That is what you denied in 1896.
*> . v said it did not make any difference
how much or how little just so it was all
quality and not the quantity.
You tell me that we had a famine in i
,and that we exported bread
al a high price, and that brought
In much money, what good did that do?
Wii. , you Bay, "It gives us morn m
and bette r times." STou dare not admit
it. bicai.se if the importation of more
mom y from Europe gives us a larger
. ■•ion and better times you admit
thai the quantitative theory ii correct, and I
if you mi. •■ admit that the quantitative
theory of money is correct that more
money mr-ans b<-tt<-r times then we pro
pose that Instead of waiting for the dis
covers of un< xjiocted gold. Instead of i
waiting for a. famine abroad to gfv« us I
more money, we propose that you open'
tb.e mints of the nation and allow your !
own sttver to pour- Into them and be I
money, and therefore have more money.
(Applause and cheers.)
Hut of all people the people of S«n
Francisco have the least reason to deny
the quantitative Hieory of money. Your!
gold bugs, your bankers and financiers
told the people in 1596 that it did riot mat
t. r rehether yon had much money or
money, just so it was all good.
They tell us in the Mississippi Valley
that the people of San Francisco are will
ing to change their form of government
in order to have an army here and there
fore have more money spent hi San Fran
cisco (Applause.) xou cannot justify an
army camp In your rieighborhood on ttir» ;'
.. that It gives you more money hero,
without admitting the quantitative theory
of money as correct. And if you believe ,
that the quantitative theory of money is
correct. Instead of running rho risk of.
militarism— lnstead of repealing the De
: .n of Independence— why not resort
to a plan that gives you plenty of money, !
not only In San Francisco but throughout !
th<- State, not only In California but i
throughout the I'nited States, and have a
Tic and bimetallism instead of a gold I
standard and an empire-? (Cheers.)
Benefit of Bimetallism.
Some one asked a while ago What b^ne
fle bimetallism would have, if the quan
titative theory of money is correct— if more ;
money moans better times— then we reply !
that fold and silver together will give
you more money than gold alone; and !
that when you have gold and .silver to
gether when you have enough money to!
maintain the level of pnetfn— fhen you will
have a dollar that will be staple in its ;
purchasing power, and the man who pro
duces wealth will not lie compelled to
lo*e, and the man who owns money and
it will not gather from all tho !
houses of the people an unearned Incre
ment in the enhanced value of the. dollar
that he collects where he has loaned
money
Bimetallism restores a foundation I
bnad enough to support the commercial
transactions of the country. You tell me :
thnt one standard gives you a sound |
system. I deny it. When the gold
Standard is carried to its logical conclu
sion. ;hen only gold will be legal tender
for debt.; and with billions of dollars of i
debt, qvery man who owe* will be com- I
pcUed to go into the market and buy i
gold with which to pay his dnht. You
Increase the demand for gold and you
put it in the power of the men who hold
gold to demand an Increased price for
their money. You place all your rom
mercial transactions upon the narrow
basis furnished by gold— a basis so«nar
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
row that foreign financiers- can bring a
panic in this country. You tell me that
it is a safe system that places this na
tion at the mercy of foreign financiers,
and 1 tell you that I would blush to call
myself an ' American if I favored a sys
tem that was so narrow that foreign
financiers could hold bankruptcy over
this nation. (Applause.)
In Control of Banks.
But I have talked longer than I Intended
to on this phase of the BUbject, and what
1 have sain has only been introductory to
the question that I want to talk about.
Well, let me extend that introduction for
a moment longer. T want to repeat what
I said, thai on every question the Repub
lican party is putting the dollar above the
man, but "on the money question the Re
publican party is not only putting the
dollar above the man but is putting the
dollar of the foreign financiers above all
the people of this country. (Applause)
Not satisfied with a standard money ana
policy that gives you a small volume of
standard money— so small that it can be
controlled by foreign financiers— the Re
publican party is planning to retire the
greenbacks and turn over the paper
money of this country to the control of
the nationaJ hanks. A bill reported by
the Republican committee of the lower
House provides that the greenbacks shall
be redeemed in gold and that the nation
shall issue bonds at -'•_• per cent, both in
terest and principal in gold, in ordt-r to
secure the gold to redeeem the green
backs.
Banks Eat Cake and Keep It.
Then the bill provides that the banks
may take those bonds and Issue upon them
bank notes up to par"; and the bill pro
vides further for the reduction of tin tax
on national bank circulation from one per
cent to a fraction of' one per cent. What
it mean? It moans the substitution
of bonds for greenbacks ami more tax< s
upon the people to pay the interest on the
bonds; whereas now the greenbacks draw
no interest. It means that the banks that
SCENES ATTENDING THE NEBRASKAN'S ARRIVAL.
now issue up to SO per cent can then have i
an additional privilege and issue up to
100 per cent. it means that the banks now
enjoying special privileges shall have a
reduction made in the taxation upon their
circulation, while the taxes are Increased
upon the rest of the people, why? Be
cause the national banks want it, and the
national banks have more influent yer
the policy of the Republican party than
all the poor Republicans who have voted
the Republican ticket, it takes and de
posits the bonds with the Seen tan of the
Treasury and receives In exchange na
tional bank notes up to urn per cent of the
par value of the bonds. In other words.
by depositing its bonds it receives back
in bank notes what it paid for the bonds,
so it has th>' use or the money and then
it draws Interesi upon the money besides. ;
Mother us. d to Ml me that I could either
eat my oak.- or keep it, but a national
bank "under that law can eat its cake
and keep it, too. (Applause and laughter.)
It is simply another evidence of the pol
icy of tho Republican party in putting the
dollar above tho man.
The Question of Trusts.
But there is another question. Some
people call it a now question, but it is
not it Is an old question. The trust
question Is not new. We had it in i 1896,
and although most of the ROOple did not
know which way to vote, the trusts did,
because they supported the party that Is
now in power, and they have already been
•lble to get much more back out of the
neople thnn they contributed to securing
the election of an administration that
would look after the trusts. I ciiarge that
the Republican party cannot destroy the
trusts and why? That party forgets the
commandment: "Remember now thy
( re; n.r in the days of thy youth. Whai
would the Republican party do without
the support of the great corporations of
/this country? And if the President had
intended to extinguish the trusts he
would hardly have gone to New Jersey
to secure an Attorney General to extin
guish them. _
You tell me thnt the Republican party
[a doing what it ought to. I deny it. The
attorney General could enforce the law I
if he wanted to, and if he would not -o ,
it the President would get one who could. |
even if be had to go out of the Republi
can party to find him. If the Attorney
General enforces the law and the Supremo
Court decides that the law is not suffi
cient the (Attorney General canrecommend
a new law that is sufficient. That is in
his power and h^ has not done nis duty
until he does that, for tho present law
la not sufficient Hut you say that may. c
the Supreme Court would hold that no law
could extinguish trusts under our pres- j
ont constitution. Then the Attorney Gen
eral should recommend an amendment to
the constitution that would give to Con
irress the power to exterminate trusts:
but instead of doing his he writes a letter
saying that if there is any relief it must
be found in the States. I deny that the
States are able tn furnish a complete re
lief I believe that the Federal Govern
ment that reaches into every nook and
corner of the land is tho only power suf
ticient to cope with the trusts. I be
lieve it is possible for the Federal Gov
ernment to extinguish the trusts.
License Corporations.
You ask me how it can be done, and I
reply that .very corporation organized in
any State shall be compelled to take out
a license from the Federal Government
before it does business in any other State
excepting the State in which it is organ
ized. (Applause.) When that license is
reoiuired it ran be granted under condi
tions that will squeeze the water out of
a stock and prevent monopoly in any
source of production. It is possible to
extinguish the trusts, and the only ques
tion is: Do we want- to extinguish them?
Why, I read the other day in a Repub
lican paper that there were good trusts
and bad trusts. That will be the argu
ment they will use; now ynu watch for
it. You will find that while Republican
conventions declare against trusts. Re
publican newspapers will explain what a
blessing a good trust really is to the
country. And here is an editorial taken
i from the Times-Herald of Chicago, an
editorial which comments upon an inter-
I View given out by John J. Mitchell, pres
-1 Ident of the Illinois Trust Rnd flavin**
Hank of Chicago. He says: "In the long
run trusts can do no harm. On tiie con- i
trary, I can see good results from well
and practically managed as well as hon
estly formed trusts."
That Is the defense based on the Inter
view of a banker. You toll me to drop the j
money question and light the trusts, and I
tell you that when you get within gunshot |
of the bulwarks of trusts you will find
behind tin- bulwarks every prominent
financier that you found fighting for the
| gold standard in IS%. ("Applause. >
Principle of Monopoly Bad.
The principle of monopoly is bad every
where, and instead of confining our fight
to a soap trust or toothpick trust we in
tend to declare war against all trust?— the '
money trust as well as the industrial !
trust. (Applause.) J believe that the prin
ciple of monopoly in private hand? Is an
Intolerable thing in a republic. AYe think i
! that a landed aristocracy Is bad, and It
would bo dangerous; but a landed aris- !
tocracy would be an innocent thing com- I
pared to an industrial aristocracy that :
has grown up under the trust system. !
When a few men control tho sources of I
production, fixing the prices of all that
pou buy, and the prices of all that you
jell, and the rate of Wfages, it will be diffi
•u!t to maintain In this country a gov
rnmeni of th< people, by the people and
or the people (Applause) We appeal to
he Republicans as well as the Democrats
to ask themsi ires whether it is not timo
to destroy the trusts, even if in doing so
hey have to >! sstroy the Republican party
thai lives him,, the" trusts and fattens by
tin- contributions which the trusts pay.
[Applause. 1
Two New Questions.
Hut there are two new questions which
have been thrust upon this country as a
result of tin- war. the question of mili
arism and the question of imperialism.
(Applause.) !iut I want to speak to you
iboui them. I came here to speak to you
because I ha c been told that you are in
favor of an Imperial policy. (Cries of "No,
no, no.") I trust that I have in the audi
eno< to-nj K ht some of those who favor
Imperialism. If it be true that there are
imperialists ir tins State and city, I want
to talk to ih-m. and I want to tell them
thai Imperialism cannot exist without its
twin brother, militarism. I want to tell
them that you cannot have an empire
puch as the nations of Europe have un
less you have a large army to keep your
subjects in constant awe. I want to" tell
you that it will be easier to increase the
■trmy lrom 100,000 to 200,000 than it was to
Increase II from 2"..00n to inn .Mo.
in 1896 25,000 soldiers were enough in tho
regular army, and yet in December 1898
1 Republican President asked for a stand
ing army of II 1.000 men. What is the dif
.erence between a republic and an empire?
1 he difference is that 20.0(hi soldiers are
nough for a republic of seventy millions
tiut it takes 100,000 soldiers for an empire
with ten millions more. (Applause.* Who
cvill pay the expense? It is estimated that
this increase f 75,000 soldiers, if they
terve outside of the United States will
Increase the military establishment by
nor« than one hundred million dollar's,
i year. Who is to pay it? The Filipinos?
>\ by, if we make them pay it we will
save to :ax them several times as much
>er year as Spain did in the height of her
rule; and If we did that, how will the Fii
pinos know what a saving it was to have
081 Spain and got us? (Applause and
heera). Hut If we don't make the Fili
pinos pay it, who will pay it? You say
.he Ami-rican people. Yes. the American
people, the taxpayers among the Ameri
■'•'">" 1 pie. You want an English standi
ng army, but you arc not willing to have
in English income tax to pay your stand
ng army. You want an English colonial
aolicy, but you are not willing to have an
English Income tax to support it. You
vyant English ideas and you want an
English financial system. You want
in English army system and an
English colonial system, but you want to
make the poor people of this country pay
tor it. while the syndicates will reap all
Lhe benefits of the expenditures.
Birthright for Pottage.
I don't wnnt to argue this question upon
:he low conception of dollars and cents. I
want to declare as a principle that this
nation cannot afford to sell its birthright
for a mess of pott;ige, no matter' how val
uable the pottage may be. But if there.
Is a mat; in this audience who is fond of
pottage and who does not care anything
about birthrights I want him at least to
inspi c-i the pottage before he makes the
trade. Argue it upon the basis of dollars
and cents. I tell you you cannot defend!
imperialism from a money standpoint. I
have no doubt that we could whip the Fil
ipinos. 1 have never had any doubt of it.
Why? I am just American enough to
think that we can whip any nation in the
world that we ought to whip. I know
that we can whip the Filipinos because
Spain was a much smaller nation than
ours and she had almost finished the job j
and she had only been at it 300 years. And
then she got twenty millions of dollars for
the option on the flght when she went out.
(Prolonged cheering.)
Whip! Why, of course we can whip. We
can't tell how long it will take or how
much it will cost or how often we will
have to repent the whipping, but we can
do it. But shall a great nation act upon
what it can do or upon what it ought to
do? (Cheers.)
I "would not live by a man as a neigh
bor who acted on the principle that he
would do everything that he could do.
and I know of no way of measuring the
responsibility of a nation except by the
rules which we use in measuring the re
sponsibilities of a man. It is the bully
and the braggart, the man who relies on
bruto force, who goes round and tells
what he can do. It is the civilized man.
the Christian, who asks what h» ought
to do, and does it regardless of conse
quences. But if yon are going to argue
it on the basis of dollars and cents, put
down on one side what It will cost to
subdue and hold in subjection 5.000.000 of
people 7000 miles away from our shores,
scattered over 1200 islands, and living in
the jungles of a tropical clime: and then
on the other side put down what we are
going to get out of the job. and then
when you have done that, find out who
is going to pay what we spend and
who is going to get what we get.
(Cheers.) I hear some people say
that if we hold the Philippine Islands
they will furnish homes for our surplus
population. Sixty people to the square
mile in the Philippine Islands and twenty
to the square mile in the United States.
Why, when we unite the Philippine Is
lands with th" United States the move
ment will be from the Philippine Islands '
t<-> the T'nited States— not from the L nited
States to the Philippine Islands. If every
Filipino were to die to-morrow and leave
the islands without a hostile man. we
could not force a thousand people to £<<
from the United States to live and work
In the islands over there. (Cheers.) The
white race will not work In the tropics,
and if our people went there to live and
to work they would be different people
in three generations from those whom
they left at home.
No Homes There.
I repeat that that country will never
furnish homes to our people. If you want
to furnish homes to your people spread
out over ten years the money spent on
the army In one year in the Philippine Is
lands; spread that money out fur ten
years in reclaiming the arid lands of the
mountain States and you will furnish
homes for more people than will pro to the
Philippine Islands in a thousand years
(Cheers). You tell me that San Francisco
and California will profit by the policy.
Spend upon a canal across the Isthmus
the money you will spend in nne year on
the war in the. Philippines and you will
have a canal that will carry your products
by water from San Francisico. If you
want to spend money for the American
geople you can spend it in the United
ta.tes. Tell me that we have to have the
Philippine Islands to furnish an invest
ment for American capital? Why? I re
mind you that was only three years ago
when we had to have a financial system
patterned after England in order to in
vite English capital over to the United
States for investment. Three years ago
we had to adopt an English financial sys
tem to get capital in the country and now
we have to adopt an English colonial sys
tem to get our capital out of the coun
try. Every dollar that goes from the
United States to the Philippine Islands is
taken out of the United States for in
vestment. Tell me. that it will bring
money? Why? I remember that (or
twenty years the people of California were
pleading with the people of the rest of
the Union to rise up and help them close
the doors of this country aga.nst Oriental
immigration, and now you want to force
eight millions of Malays into the United
States. (Loud cheers).
History of Colonization.
But, my friends, if you think that our
people will go to the Philippine Islands
read tho history of other colonization
schemes. The Netherlands have had pos
session of Java for three hundred yean
and yet there are less than sixty "thou
sand people of European birth out of
twenty-iive millions of people in Java,
you think that our people will 50 and
settle in the Pbllipine Islands? Read the
history of English rule in India. England
has dominated India for lr>o years and
yet there are only 100,000 people of British
birth in all India out of »». 00*1 ,000 of peo
ple. England, over-crowded England,
has only been able to force a handful of
ti< r surplus population into Tndia with
its 300,000,000 souls. Do you believe that
these people in India enjoy having the
English there? If you do. I want to tell
you that it takes 70,000 British soldiers
to make life bearable for 100.000 British
citizens in India; and it takes a native
army of 140,000 to help a British army of
70.M0 to keep 100,000 people of British
birth in the saddle while they ride 300, »
000,000 of people in India. That is the his
tory of English rule there; and do you
think England does it for the purpose of
educating them? I want to tell you— l
want to tell the -women that after 150
years of English rule in India less than
1 per rent of the women of India can
read and write, and less than 5 per cent
of the total population. Do you tell me
that England is doing it for the spread
of religion? I tell you that after 150 years
of English rule in India less than 1 per
cent of the people have embraced the
Christian religion. And why should they?
"Why should any man accept the Chris
tian religion at the hands of any man
man who preaches that you shall love
your neighbor as yourself and then
reaches his hand into his neighbors
pocket. (Loud cheers.)
But I am not going to discuss this ques
tion from the financial standpoint. I am
going to discuss it from other stand
points.
Gold Loving Christianity.
What other argument is made in behalf
of an imperial policy? Why, we are told
that we have to go over there and con
quer and hold in subjection the r'ilipinos
in order to extend the limits of the Chris- \
tian religion. My friends, I once thought J
that the dollar argument was the lowest
argument ever made in behalf of im
perlalisin, but I believe that the argu
ment based upon Christian hypocrisy is
a meaner argument than the dollar argu- j
ment. Go over there for the love of God!
(Laughter and cheers.) No, my friends!
There is one more Utter In the word: It
Is love of gold— not love of God. I de
nounce forcible Christianity. When you
Bhoot the gospel out of a Gatling gun the
man who is shot does not need the
gospel any more and the man who
is missed is too busy burying the
dead to listen to your teachings. Our \
gOßpel appeals to the hearts of the hu- !
mnn race. You can't administer it to the
body by hypodermic injections.
If you want to know what the Bible
says upon the subject of forcible Chris
tianity turn to that passage where Christ
visited the village of Samaria and where
they refused to receive him, and one of
the disciples asked if they should call
down fire from heaven to consume the
people as a punishment, and Christ re
buked them and said: "Ye know not what
manner of spirit ye are of. The Son of
man is not come to destroy men's lives
but to, same them." That is the gospel
that we have learned to love.
I wish that every citizen in the United
States, at least every Christian, could
read a sermon delivered by Rev. W. T.
Brown at Rochester. N. V.. not many
weeks ago. lie took for his text that i
verse which describes the scene before !
Pilate, -where Pilate said to Christ:
"Knowest thou not that I have power to
release thee or to put thee to death?"
and with that v> rse as his text the min
ister proceeded to contrast the doctrine
of force with the gospel of love. There
was Pilate, the representative of Caesar,
and behind Caesar the Roman Govern
ment and behind the Roman Government
the Roman legions, and before Pilate
was Christ, defenseless, preaching the
gospel of love. And the minister pointed
out how, from that day, the power of
Caesar had waned and the power of
Christ had increased. He pointed out
how the Roman Government and Its Hu
man legions had vanished away, and the
earth knew them no more, while year by
year the people in increasing numbi r'^
took upon their lips' the name of the me< k
and lowly Nazarene who stood defense- !
less in the presence of power. And then j
the minister pointed out that in this i
nation force and love stand face to face.
The United . States is Pilate's council I
chamber, and on the one side is brute
force and on the other side is love. What
shall be the verdict of this nation? Shall
we go forth with a sword in hand to
slay, to murder and to plundi r, or shall
we go forth preaching the gospel of 1 ive
and hold up the image of a republic and
invite all men to rise and demand self
government? (Ix)ud cheering.)
A Sermon in Verse.
How can a Christian, how can a min
ister, see in a war of conquest waged by
a republic against a people who want a
republic— how can a Christian or a min
ister see in such a war the hand of God
directing and pointing out a destiny to
people? If you belleVe that this nation,
great as it is, is great enough to do wrong '
I want you to listen to a few verses writ
ten by an unknown poet— a poet whose
name perhaps you have never heard, who ;
lived a few years ago in Lincoln. He now
lives In Denver, and I ran across his j
verses, that contain more of truth and j
more of Gospel and more of Christ's r< -
It Li i< • n than you will find in any sermon
I ever delivered in defense of an imperial
policy. Let me read the wurds:
We are mad, xrown mad, in th° race for gold;
We are drunk uith the wine of gain.
The truths our fathers proclaimed of old
We spurn with a high disdain.
But while the cnnquerer's race we run.
Our rulers should not forgpt
That the God who reigned uver Babylon
Is the God who is reigning yet.
"Would we tread in the paths of tyranny,
Nor reckon the tyrants cost?
Who taketli another 1 ? liberty,
His freedom is also lost.
Would we win as a ptrong man ever won,
Make ready to pay the debt.
Fur the (.;,_.,] who reigned over Babylon
Is the God who is reigning yet.
The ruins of dynasties passed away
In eloquent silence lie.
And the despots fate is the s>ame to-day
That it was in the days gone Uy.
Against all wrong and injustice done
A rigid account Is set.
For the God who reigned over Babylon
Is the God who is reigning yet.
The laws of life are eternal laws,
Thf> judgments of truth are true;
My great blind masters, I bid you pause
And lock on the work you do.
y "ii bind with shackles your fellow man,
Your hands with his blood are wet—
And the <;<"! who reigned over Babylon
Is the God who i 9 reigning yet.
No man ever lived who was great
enough to trespass upon the right of an
other, and no man will ever live that will |
be great enough to do wrong with im
punity.
What Ought the Nation Do?
My friends, the question is not what
tills nation can do; the question is what
this nation ought to do. And if you be
lieve that we are following the principles
of Christian religion in the warfare that I
we are making to throw the net of this
Government over an unwilling- people and :
doing it as missionaries and for the love
of God, I warn you that you cannot fit
ford to plant upon the Philippine soil the
doctrine of forcible Christianity. If you
want to convert your brother go forth
: with your arguments and appeal to him. |
I If he wants to convert you let him appeal
i to you; but if you plant upon the PnrTlp
] pine islands this doctrine of force— if you
! attempt to .shoot your gospel into ihe
people of another race— l warn you that :
1 the time is not far distant when that
principle will be planted on American soil,
and we will he shooting our particular
brands of Christianity into each oftler !
! and doing it for the love of God (Cheers.) ;
War Not Made by Speeches.
But they Bay we must not make any
speeches In this country against forcible
annexation while the war lasts. My
friends, it is not the speeches made in this ■
country thai are Inciting the Filipinos to
; armed resistance. If their resistance is j
: due to speeches made in this country j
I their resistance is due to speeches made I
by the generations that are past, and if
' you want to find speeches and declara
! iions that inspire nations of this world to
resist foreign domination go back tv the !
days of Patrick Henry, when he gave to I
the world that impasssioned plea, "Give j
me liberty or give me death." He ut
tered a sentence that ran round the world
and its echo will last forever. (Cheering.)
Go hack to the days- of Washington, for
when he drew his sword against taxation
without representation he set an example
known and loved of all men. Go back to
the days of Thomas Jefferson, fur when ■
he wrote that all men are created equal, 1
that they are endowed with inalienable
rights, that Governments are instituted
to preserve these rights, and that Gov- ■
ernments derive their just powers from 1
the consent of the governed— when Thorn- I
as Jefferson set forth those principles he :
incited the people' of all races and all 1
climes to protest against government
without the consent \of the governed.
(Cheers.) \
But if you -haven't tlrfie to go back to
the early days you can certainly go back 1
as far as the days <>f Abraham Lincoln,
for when Abraham Lincoln upon the bat
tlefield of Gettysburg defended a govern
ment of the people by the people and for
the people he did more to make people
dissatisfied with foreign domination than
any man who has spoken since the war.
Love of Liberty Our Safety.
My friends, if you want to find words
and speeches and sentiments that stir up
I pie to fi^ht for liberty, you can find
t l lf . speeches and the sentiment? among
the records of the past. But you don't
have to go to a written speech. You
don't have to go t.> a word spoken or writ
ten by any man. because the love of lib
erty was placed in the human heart by
the Almighty and no matter what a man's
color is. no matter where he lives, that
spirit exist? and we dare not quencn that
spirit, no matter where we find it. f^r
it is 'he safety of our own liberty. (Cheer
ing).
Let me read you what Abraham Lincoln
said about the spirit of Independence and
of liberty. In a speech made in IHSK lie used
these words: "What constitutes the bul
wark of our own liberty and independ
ence? It is not our frowning battlements,
(.in bristling sea-coasts, or our army and
our navy. These are not our reliance
against " tyranny. All of these may be
turned against us without making us
weaker for the struggle. Our reliance is
in the love of liberty which God has plant
ed in us. Our safety Is In the spirit which
prizes liberty as the heritage of all men,
in all lands, everywhere." Now, mark
these words: "Destroy this spint and you
have planted the seeds of despotism at
your own doors. Familiarize yourselves
with the chains of bondage and you pre
pare your limbs to wear them. Ac
customed to trample on the rights of
others you have lost the genous of your
own Independence and become the fit sub
jects of the first cunning tyrant who
rises among you."
Those are the words of Abraham Lin
coln. Destroy the spirit that prizes lib
erty as the heritage of all men. In all
lands, everywhere, Lincoln says, destroy
this spirit, and you have planted the
s"rds of despotism at your own doors.
You ask me why I protest against forci
ble annexation? You ask m<; why I pro
test against a war of conquest waged by
a republic? 1 tell you 1 do not want to
plant the seeds of despotism at our own
doors. I hate despotism and I love the
Declaration of Independence. And it is
because I hate the one and love the other
that I declare to you that this nation
cannot afford to surrender its principles
in order to enter upon a war of conquest,
no matter how profitable It may bt>. And
I ask you this question: What shall it
profit a nation if it gain the whole world
and lose the spirit of its own inde
pendence and its own liberty? "Cheers.)
Two Sources of Government.
But you ask me what can be done.
Strange question for a person to ask in a
republic. There are but two sources of gov
ernment—force and consent. Monarchies
n si upon force, republics upon consent.
The Declaration of Independence says that
governments derhe their just powers fr.'m
the consent of the governed, is it true or
is it false? If that doctrine is true, then
this nation cannot acquire title to people
by conquest. If that doctrine is true, then
this nation cannot acquire title by pur
chasing domination from an alien mon
arch whose rebellious subjects we our
selves armed to light against that mon
arch. CCheers.)
You ask me what we could do. I say
that the treaty that recognized the inde
pendence of Cuba should have recognized
the Independence of the Philippine Islands
at the Fame time. (Cheering.) And lr
that treaty had recognized the independ
ence of the Philippine Islands not a drop
of blood would have been shed at Manila.
But you ask me what could be done after
the treaty was made. I say that the ad
ministration could have given to the.Fili
pinos the same assurance of ultimate in
dependence that the administration gave
to the people of Cuba, and if the adminis
tration had given that assurance not a
drop of blood would have been shed at
Manila.
Well, you tell me that it would have
been too much for the President to as
sume—too much responsibility. 1 tell you
that Congress was in session for nearly
three months after the treaty was signed,
and he could have laid the matter before
Congress and asked of Congress authority
to make this promise to the Fillpnios.
Even in spite of his inaction a resolution
promising independence was introduced in
the Senate — the Bacon resolution— and
upon final vote it stood a tie, and the vote
of the Vice President was necessary to
prevent the Filipinos from receiving the
same assurance that the people of Cuba
received of ultimate independence.
(Cheering.)
What Can Be Done Now.
You ask me what can be done now. I
say thru the President could now give
the assurance that could have been given
in the beginning. But you tell me
that it is too late — that Congress
has adjourned. I reply thai the Presi
dent ran call Congress together and ask
of Congress authority to promise inde
pendence to the Filipinos upon the same
terms granted to the Cubans.
. But you tell me it will cost money. I
tell you it won't cost as much as a war.
and anyhow, haven't we spent money
on special sessions before. Didn't one
President call Congress together to re
peal the Sherman act because the
bankers asked it? And didn't an
other President call Congress together
to raise the tariff because the manufact
urers asked it? And couldn't a President
now call Congress together to declare to
the world that the Declaration of Inde
pendence is still law in the United
States? (Cheers.)
You asked me if the army must be
withdrawn before government is estab
lished. 1 reply to you that if we will
tell the Filipinos that the gov
ernment when established shall be their
government and not ours it will not re
quire any army to restore order In the
Philippine Islands. (Cheers.) What
shall we do? If I find a pocketbook In
the road and on that pocketbook reads
the name of the owner, how long does it
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEVERE CASE
OF CATARRH
E. C. Jeffers Testifies to
ihe Immediate Relief
Given Him by Dr. Aborn,
554 Sutter Street.
Dr. Aborn, the specialist in the treat-
ment of eye, ear, head, throat and lungs,
at 554 Sutter street, has received the fol-
lowing testimonial from E. C. Jeffers, a
prominent citizen of Astoria. Or.
"TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: I
wish to say in behalf of Dr. Aborn'a treat-
ment of catarrh that I have been greatly
relieved within the past month, having:
been troubled with that disease for about
two years. I have been treating with the
doctor one month, and I am now in fact
nearly well.
"To those afflicted I would advise them
to apply to the doctor, as I have been seri-
ously out of health, and have been stead-
ily improving ever since I came to the
city the doctor's treatment having given
me* instant relief. E. C. JEFFERS.
"Astoria. Or."
Dr Aborn's office and residence, 554 Sut-
ter strict. Hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4. Even-
ings 7 to S.
■♦" "*" "*" "*" -.fit. .. gnm *
> '' — . i in iiiiM II iwilnni *
O KS^RRkojßßfflflßyaßPpß^MKjM^ O
+ HußbßmHiUHiblm ♦
O . O
I »•■' Natural Mineral Water
♦ fflft known for centuries and ♦
O «/fflßft. ' imported 0
o /vEflt ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ &WZIM&: F " Disordered Stomach ♦
° StfiSsi and Mi s estiol1 ' ?
9 ggaSE&Sail Its va i U8 has been testi- O
£ ' ficd t0 by thousands. ♦
♦ VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy- 9
O "'Zr&S*!'* phons T
o i£WM IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ '^^g^ 1 Get the Genuine. J
® SSw^-sSSSS Your physician O
♦ Kp&R?l3 wll! recommend it. ♦
♦ A. VIGNIEB, Distributing Agent J.
•^©■•-©-♦•©-♦-o>-o>o -♦- o-*-o^o -o-o-»-o-»-.0-«!
Health is Wealth,
I WWEIrW r PR AIM
i DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
• THE ORIGINAL: ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Iseoldnndor positive Written «uarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefalncs."\ Fits. Hysteria. Qir.'-K-
-! aoas. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Conti-
I deuce. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youtn-
! ful Errors, or Eicsaaivo U^-o of Tobacco, Opium,
I or Liquor, which leads to Misery. Consumption,
i Insanity and Death. At. store or by mail, $1 a
! box; six for $5; with written «uarantee»to
euro or refund money. Sample pack-
* age, containing iivo daye r treatment, with full
instructions, 25 conts. Ono sample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. j*^*-^
#$^jk t^Rcd Label Spccial^^^^l r
L&ijfeffl Extra Strength. fc^i^ai
§52Tned *- Loss ol^g *<? R.
Extra Strength. feSf*-~»,ri
For Impotency, Loss ofwßr^rH
j«t\^-g/£^ Power, Lost Manhood, .J%L
w^!»*jL Sterility or BarrennoßS.!^ TrJ**/
'^«^7fthBl a box; cix for 85. witMj-JNSwf
ag^L/m^wTltten suaranteeSf^atV
/Z^ '£' to cure in 30 days. At store^ S
; BEFORE oi- by nail. AFTER
GEORGE DAHIiBEXDER & CO., Sole AgtM..
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
I visit OR- JORDAN'S great 0
«> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
, l C& ICul HA2ZI? ST- lot. 6A«a, S.r.fcl. i
i \ Mr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A _-3~»_ World. \Veakne«'.e\ cr »ny contracted M
V SsS^Sft disease cured hy the oldest. T
9 Iggl Speaaliitrn the Coast. Est 35 year. 9
i i^ll?& OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ V({j9nB Consultation free and strictly r rivJte \
a S X»«£ n f" " mcnl personally rr \y letter. A Q
\fi It Si Sr Po *- I>ve Curcin every case undertaken. T
Alhl Was Write for Boole. rHILOtiOPnVcri
T* if !i™ M*n«Sl.\<iK. MAILED FKSE. (.if
/j <j ii- valuable book for men) \
i f I>K. J<>»]>4 > Al'O.. 1051 M»rICPtSt..S. F. I
The advanced and chron- jMmim» .■jmi.'h.im
Jc form of B-'J's'&/'^V's^S#
NASAL CATARRH S^gSffl
is the causo of other die- JOB^ * C csKr Hr lw ]
; Ely s Cream Balm g^ " '^Afl
I Is recucnized a? a specific pi *v*rß
I for diseases of the mem- r'--4*K^^ '
. br&na in the nasal paza- Hj£«^^-^oO^JB
! r.Kos. Resort to its use if HBeT<^(^><ljm
you would be cured. • BMJr y>--*>it i°" :^|
Cream Balm Is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief, is
Immediate and a cure follows. It la not drying
— does not produce sneezing. Large Size, 60o;
at Druggists or by mail; Trial Size, 10c, by,
mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren Street. New Tor*.take me to tell what to do with the
i keth'iok? Must I count the money
to find out whether there Is enough
to juetify me in tearing the pocketb..,jk
up? Not unless I am a thief at heart.
.And If I beiieve that governments come
up from the people; if I ls we
de-clared in the resolution ot Intervention
that the p<v>pie f Cuba are ru-.i ought to
I c free, how can I doubt that the Fili
• - are and of right i
How can you draw a line between the
Cubans and the Filipinos, and say that
the Cubans ought to be- free but that the
Filipinos ought to be subjects?
I say that if the declaration ls true, if
governments come up from the people,
then we ought to assure the Filipinos
Of our intention to give them their own
government; and I will go further than
thai. When people fall into the hands
of this nation this nation must deal with
those people according to American Ideas
not according to European ideas.
and when th© republics of Sou:.; America
sprang into existence we announced to
the old world - . republic was
planted upon American soil the ground
upon which It loly ground and
that no king could ever set his foot upon
that soil again. And so 1 say let us ex
tend to the Philippine Islands the doctrine
that we have • ■- ruled to Central and
South An. Ing helped them
to achieve their Independence let us say
to th ■ 9 d up. be free," and to all
the world saj : "Hands off. and let that
republic live and w^rk out its destiny."
<Loud an fed cheering.)
The Doctrine of Our Fathers.
You tell me that it would be humiliating
for us to surrender the title to these isl
ands. I tell you that when our fore
fathers were only three millions In number
we were willing to declare to the
•world that the people were the only source
•of power; and shall we seventy "millions
be asham^i to admit that we believe in
the doctrine for which our fathers fought
and bled and died? Tell me that the na
tions of Europe will laugh at us. I say
let 'them laugh. Let them laugh. But
when this nation, a republic, says to the
world, "We take up arms to extend the
area of self-government, to enable the
crushed to realize their aspirations for
liberty," we'll shake every crown In
Europe. .(Prolonged cheers.)
America a World Power.
I hear them say that we must be a
■world power, and they call us diminutive
.Americans because we do not accept their
idea of a world power. Wiiy, if they only
knew it, this nation has been a world
power for a hundred years. For more than
ten decades this nation has exerted an
influence upon the politics of the human
race equal to that of ail the nations ot
the world combined; and we have exerted i
that influence without swords or Gatling
guns. For a hundred years we have
traveled that pathway that lead? from the
low domain of might to the high domain
of right, and what a glorious history we
have made! I would not trade that his
tory, that history of republic tor a
hundred years, for all the history of all
th»» monarchies that have risen and fallen
since time fan. (Cheers.)
You tell me that we must go forward.
I teil you that imperialism takes us back
ward." It is not going upward and on
ward, it is going back to the narrow
views of kings and emperors.
Have you heard or read that poem
written by Dr. Taylor, entitled "The
Creed and the- Flap"? There is one verse
that contains so much of truth that I
shall repeat It to you even at the risk of
tiuoting something that you have already
heard.
Did our liberty bell ring In vain?
Was the Declaration a lie?
Must we turn to the Old World again
With a peaitent .-.«-. - cry?
Must we arm us and march in the ran
Of Europe's barbaric para
Not a Prodigal Nation.
It is all true, my friends, and I ask the
question of you: Did our liberty bell
ring in vain? History tells us that when
the Declaration was about to be signed
the people gathered in the streets and
waited for the signal, and finally when
those immortal names were affixed to the
immortal document, the old liberty bell
rang out and the people* caught up the
Kuiiad and cheered and cheered again.
And from that day to this that liberty
bell has been carried from State to State
and from city to city, and eyes have tilled
with tears as they gazed upon that sa
cred relic of Revolutionary days.
Did that liberty bt-11 ring in vain? Must
Us tones no more be heard? Was the
"Declaration a lie? Have we been false for
a hundred years in declaring that govern
ments come up from the people? Must we
go hack to European ideas and say that i
a government, instead of being mad by j
the p*"ople and fnr the people, is a thing
about thirteen inches in diameter, round
in shape and fired out of a cannon? Must
we turn to the Old "World again with a
penitent prodigal's cry? This nation is
not a prodigal son. This nation has not
wasted its substance in riotous living. |
This nation Is not ready to go back and ]
with trembling voice, ask permission to be j
2r.clu.ded among 1 - hired servants of royalty. |
This nation has not sinned against heaven
nor in the sight of man. and God grant
that the crowm-d heads of the Old world |
may never have occasion to kill the fatted |
calf to celebrate the return of this repub
lic from independence back to the creed of
King? and to the gospel of force, j
(Cheers.)
What shall we do Stand true to the !
faith of the fathers and to the principles
of their government. Because tine people
of France were friendly to us during the
devolution the people of France joined
with the United States and placed In New
York harbor a heroic statue representing
Liberty enlightening the world. What a
glorious conception of our nation - mis
s'on among the nations of the earth!
What shall we do?
Take the statue down and send It back
to France, and tell them that we;. • not -
in the liberty business any more? laugh
ter > Sha'l we send over to England and
borrow a second-hand statue of William
the Conqueror and place it in New York
harbor to indicate the change that has
taken plac 3 ? We can if we will, but we
n'+^d not unless we desire to. I propose
an American plan, and that la that we
rive the Filipinos the same assurance of
independence and protection that we have
given to the Cubans, and then the chil
dren of the Filipinos will join with our
children and place •, Manila Bay a new
statute of liberty enlightening the Orient,
and that is an American policy. (Loud
cheering.)
RECEIVED QUIETLY
Democrats Meservra demon
strations for the Night
Meeting.
Colonel William Jennings Bryan, ac
companied by his -wife and three children,
arrived in the city from the Yosemite Val
ley shortly before noon yesterday. He
■was escorted to th© valley by Colonel W.
"W. Foote, president of the Board of Yo
■emfee Valley Commissioners.
At Oakland Colonel Bryan was greeted
by a delegation of his admirers and es
corted to the California Hotel in this city.
Among those who clasped the colonel's
hand on his arrivel were' Judge J. Sulli
van, Jasper McDonald, Judge Robert Fer
mi. Charles Edelman. Judge A. D. Lemon,
Alexander Vogelsang, Charles J. Galla
LAST CALL
At $|
GOING UP MIDNIGHT
Of SATURDAY,. September 9th,
to $1.40 share. All applications
received up to that time will be
filled at the fr.oo price. Mai! or-
ders bearing postmark of midnight
or earlier included.
PEOSPECTUS FREE.
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
4th FLOOR ADAMS BUILDING,
206 KEARNY STREET,
SAX FRANXISCO.
Open Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day evenings.
gher. Judge Charles N. Harris, Oscar
Hocks, Walter P. Stradley, L. M. Jlanzer,
Walker C. Graves. James H. Barry. Tim
othy Treacy, ex-Senator John Fay, >x-
Sheriff William McMann, J. S. Wardell,
Robert Slye, J. D. Condon, J. J. Crowley,
T. Carl Spelling. Senator Sid Hall. D. J.
O'Brien. Dr. Clinton, Dr. R. Beverly Cole.
Dr. Leland. J. F. Dockery. J- J- Barrett,
R. P. Doolan, M. < '. Hassett, C. B. Stone.
P. H. McCarthy, ex-S<-nator William Cro
nin. William Abbott. William Broderick,
Thomas Burke, Robert Thompson. Augus
tus Tillman, Jam?s Gallagher, Fisher
Ames, Colonel William Craig, H. S. Mc-
Cranej-, R. P. Troy. Robert Thon
Dr. Hill. T. J. Pindir. E. P. B. Troy, W.
F. Stafford. Thomas J. Welsh, J. J. Mc-
Dade, Dr Bell. Jeremiah Coffey, A. B.
Klr.n<*. F.. O. Coffey, Colonel We O'Connor,
Judge E. R. BriilurVford, Timothy Fitzpat
rlck, P. Boland.
J. J. Dwyer of the Democratic National
Committee". Seth Mann, chairman of the
! Democratic State Central Committee; W.
H. Alford and Hug" HornMn wf-nt up th.->
i road as far as Port Costa to meet the
Bryan party.
A suite of rooms at the California, em
bracing- a parlor and three other apart
ments, was placed at the disposal of the
distinguish**! guest and his family. In
honor of the occasion the Marie parlors
on the second floor of the hotel wore ap
' proprlatelv decorated. A wreath of flow
ers was observable. Mrs. Hearst Bent a
choice lot of roses In compliment to Colo
nel and Mrs. Bryan.
The reception which was announced to
beprin at 2 o'clock was delayed until
; nearly 3 p. m., but Colonel Bryan was
|
able to see all those -who had assembled i
at the hotel before thirty minutes had |
elapsed. The throng was neither large
cor demonstrative. There was no cheer- :
Ing for the n^xt Democratic nominee for .
the Presidency, but the 300 people is
gambled grave the orator a cordial wel
come to California. After Colonel Bryan !
had received his fellow-citizens and ex- ;
changed a word or two with each, Mrs.
Bryan, accompanied by three other <
ladles. came down to the parlors, ana j
very many ladies and gentlemen paia j
their respects to her. She was gracious
and cordial to all comers and gained j
many compliments from ■ the company. I
Jasper McDonald. J. J. I'wyer, r rank
Gou!d and Judge J. F. Sullivan assisted j
Mr and Mrs. Bryan at the reception.
At 'the reception of the voting patriots j
Frank Gould was Colonf-1 Bryan chief I
of staff. Gould knows a Democrat as far
aa he can see one and in calling the
names of the unterrified seldom mistakes
a Fitzgerald for a Gallagher.
Governor Steunenberg of Idaho was one i
of the distinguished callers to pay respect
to the fluent orator of Nebraska. The
Governor was booked to leave the city
for Idaho in the evening and therefore ,
could not count on the pleasure of hear
ing Colonel Bryan at Woodward s. \\ Mle
the throng was waiting for the orator.
Mr. Edelman of Orange improvised a re
ception in honor of Idaho's Governor.
The lights of the local Democracy were
presented to Idaho's chief magistrate in
a very creditable style.
When the ladles came down to tne
parlor Jasper McDonald escorting Mrs.
Bryan. Colonel Bryan whispered to the
orchestra leader to play "Just One Girl
for tie " The orchestra caught the
meaning and complied with the request.
After the reception the Bryan parry
visited the fair at the Mechanics Pa
vilion The dinner later on at the Cali- :
fornia Hotel was an informal function.
A select few Democrat* dined with
Colonel Bryan. The selected were J. J.
Dwyer, Mayor Phelan, W. W. Foote. J.
F Sullivan, William Alford, Jasper M -
Donald. Leo Park, T. Carl Spelling ami
Seth M.inn. The Mayor's absence from
the reception was observed, but he made
amends by dining with his leader.
From the California Hotel to Wood
ward's Pavilion Colonel Bryan was es
corted in the evening by the Iroquois
j Club and the Democratic Central Club.
The latter organization, uniformed, had
! the advance. The Bryan carriage was
drawn by four horses. J. J. Dwyer,
Mayor Phelan and Seth Mann rode In
the same carriage with the orator. A
crowd on Bush street cheered Colonel
Bryan as he stepped forth from the hotel.
Mayor Phelan also received the compli
ment of a cheer. The procession escort-
Ing the carriage moved to the music of
two bands down Bush street to Kearny,
along Kearny to Market and out Market
to Valencia and the pavilion. Rockets
; and red lire lent animation to the scene.
A. vast crowd cf spectators paused to ob
serve the marching column.
BRYAN ON THE WAR.
' The Colonel Tells How to Stop
the Filipino Troubles.
Colonel Bryan i? ppldom too busy or too
I weary to talk with newspaper m. n. V» s
terday, after all the Democratic politi
cians and hotel attaches said that the or
ator was resting and would not be dis
turbed Colonel Bryan readily received a
Call reporter and chatted pleasantly of
his trip to the Yosemlte Valley, lie pro
fit,.,' unwillingness to- talk politics, but
; remarked that he Intended to speak at
length on the Bubject of expansion and
imperialism at Woodward's Pavilion in
the evening. He is in favor of {living the
neople of the Philippine Islands prompt
assurance that they will be permitted to
. govern themselves. He said:
: "'Had we told Ihe Filipinos at the be
ginning that they should be independent -
that their right of Belf-government would
not be denied by the United States— there
would have been no bloodshed. The
Trouble in the Philippines is this: We
have not declared our Intentions. The na
tives do not know what we propose to do.
TheY "cc us in their house but do not
' know what we are there for. It is true
1 that we bought the house, but we have
not declared our intentions with respect
; to the property. I was in favor of the
treaty providing for the payment of J2O,-
OiO.OOO to Spam in order to avoid the do
lavs of diplomacy. In advance the Cubans
were assured that they would be permit
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
ted to govern themselves, and the same
assurance should have be<?n given to the
people of the Philippine Islands. The war
will end as soon as we inform these peo
ple that the United States does not intend
to deprive them of their independence.
"In my travels I find a strong sentiment
against expansion and imperialism. Right
h«*re in California the anti-expansion sen
timent i 3 vigorous. 1 have seen more Re
publicans who are against expansion than
I have Democrats who are in favor of it.
I cannot see how California, that protest
> <1 so lone and earnestly against the intro
duction of Chinese labor, can consistently
advocate the admission of Philippine Isl
anders to the rights of citizenship."
A SUPPER TO BRYAN.
The Statesman and His Wife
Entertained by Mrs. Phebe
Hearst.
Colonel and Mrs. Bryan -were the guests
of honor last evening at a supper given
by Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst in the annex
to the maple room of the Palace Hotel.
At a table beautifully decorated with
American _ Beauty roses, twenty-four '
guests sat down to partake of a light
menu and to bid welcome to : the dis- ;
tinguished visitor in an informal manner
and to extend to him those pleasant bo
cial courtesies which the rush of me re
ception attending his first day in the city
had left him no leisure to enjoy.
Colonel Bryan sat at the head of the
table on the right hand of his hostess,
Mrs. Hearst. On her left sat Mayor
Phelan, and next to him was placed Mrs.
Bryan. The supper was a purely in
formal one. from which everything savor
ing of politics was strictly excluded, and
the only speeches that were made were
In the "nature of light impromptu toasts
and witty replies to complimentary utter
ances.
Besides those already mentioned there
were present: R. P. Troy. Paul Tuzo of
New York. J. B. Reinstein. Mr. and Mrs.
John M. Carrere of New York, Mr. and
Mrs. Jasper McDonald, Mr. and Mrs.
Murry F. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. James
Hooe of Washington, D. C, Walter Cook
of New York, Paul Wallot of Dresden,
Air and Mrs. John Belcher of London,
J L. Pascal of Paris, J. J. Dwyer. Fred
Clark W. W. Foote and Seth Mann.
Injured by a Trolley Car.
Mrs. Potter, the wife of John H. Pot- ,
BRYAN IN HIS SPEECH AS SEEN BY THE GALL'S CARICATURIST.
ter, who Is employed at the California
Last Factory, was severely injured by
:72 of the Mission electric line yes
• afternoon. The lady was thrown
off thY i it ai Cortland avenue and Mis
■ . : • . : :■ eived injuries on the
which necessitated treatment by a
: i her home
. '. teenth street.
STANFORD'S SOLDIERS.
Reception and Presentation of Badges
to Three Members of a Native
Sons' Parlor.
Stanford Parlor No. 7G. of the Native
- of the Golden West, on Tuesday
r^d a reception to three of its mem
who returned with the First Cali
fornia Volunl - There were Captain
rge Filmer of Company B, Commis
sary Sergeant A. H. Clifford and Corporal
.S. I. Marston. The affair was exclusive
ly for members of the parlor, lady rela
.tnd friends, there being but one in
g • -i. Captain J. W. F. Diss of the
• rnia Heavy Artillery, who was one
of the charter members of the parlor but
who retired wtvn he moved to the south
:t of the State.
Thy- reception was in Shasta Hall of
the Nal • ■ Sons' building, which was
decorated with evergreens and silk Amer
lannerfi, while over the president's
station was an electric star In tri-colored
lights. The guests occupied seats at the
tion, and after a short ad
if welcome and congratulation by
President W. A. Deane there was a short
?imme of vocal selections by W. w.
'inney Mrs. Alvina Huer Wilson. Wil
liam j. O'Brien and William J. Hynes,
and then followed the presentation to
each of the three soldier members of a
itlful gold badge formed of crossed
American and bear flags with the name
of the parlor on the face and a proper In
scription on the back, with the additional
tnent, "Loyal to the Flag." The
station was by Judge Frank H. Kur-
There was dancing until 11 o'clock,
when the members and gut-sts to the
number of one hundred and fifty marched
to an adjoining hall, wh^re all enjoyed
a fine a. The function was un
der the direction of J. J. Lerman, John
J. McCarthy and F. J. Fitzpatrick.
PRESS WOMEN MEET.
Officers Elected and an Interesting
Vocal and Literary Programme
Presented.
Election of officers during the morning
session and an excellent programme of
essays and songs In the afternoon brought
the ninth annual convention of the Pa
cific Coast Women's Press Association to
a successful close at Golden Gate Hall
yesterday.
The following officers were elected by
unanimous vote: President, Mrs. Sara
E. Reamer; first vice president, Mrs. Ella
M. Sexton; second vice . president, Mrs.
Marian Beattie Foster; third vice presi
dent. Miss Harriet M. Skidmore; fourth
vice president, Mrs. Florence Hardlman
Miller; fifth vice president, Mrs. Mary
O. Stanton: corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Mary E. Hart; recording Becretary, Miss
Bessie Rumsey; assistant recording sec
retary, Mrs. Grace Hibbard; treasurer,
Mrs. Amelia Woodward Truesdell; aud
itor, Mrs. Maria Freeman Gray; historian
and librarian, Mrs. Alice Kingsbury
Cooley; three additional members, Mrs.
P. T. Dickinson, Mrs. Eva R. Oliver, Miss
Mary Lambert.
The attendance during the afternoon
was extremely large and the installation
of the new officers was the occasion for
much mutual congratulation. The pro
gramme for the afternoon was as follows:
Opening remarks, Mrs. Abble E. Krebs; trio
fur violin, violoncello and piano, Professor
Noah* Brandt, Dr. Arthur Regensburger and
Mrs. Noah Brandt; paper, "Music In Litera
ture," Mrs. M. Bretherlck; original poem, "Tli^
Soldier Boy," Mrs. Hibbard; soprano solo, Mrs!
G. Spltzy; paper, "A Bro\yse in Literary Pas
tures," Mrs. Emma Beckle Marshall; vocal
kolo, Mrs. Bretherick; reading, selection from
Kudyard Kipling, Miss J. M. Lon^; violin solo
(selected). Professor Noah Brandt, accompan
ist Mrs. Noah Brandt; paper, "Business." Mrs.
B. O. Smith; installation of president and other
officers; remarks by ex-President Mrs. Krebs;
response by president-elect.
■ ♦ .
Meeting of Continental League.
Continental League held its regular
monthly meeting last night at Saratoga
Hall on Geary- street. The attendance
was good. There were seven new mem
bers admitted, which brings the roll up
to 18W since the start of the league, four
years ago.
An invitation from Garfleld league to
participate in memorial service in Golden
Gate Park on the 17th met with a cold
reception. The cause of this was not be
■ •:, ise of any disrespect to Garileld or the
memorial service, but rather on account
of an objection to the parties whose
names are at the head of the movement.
Consequently the league declined to par
ticipate as a body at the monument in
the park.
Frank D. Worth mentioned that the
league should take some action regard
ing the registration of voters, stating
that registration will close in the City
Hall on the 21st of October, and as there
will be no precinct registration it will be
necessary for those who did not vote at
the last election or at the late primary, or
who have moved since, to get registered
now.
It was stated incidentally that the Re
publican party would not make its nom
inations for municipal officers until the
end of the month, or such time as the ■
Supreme Court decides the issue now j
before it regarding the validity of the !
new charter.
SIR KNIGHTS WELCOMED
Golden Gate Commandery Tenders a
Reception to Colonel Duboce
and Others.
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights
Templar, at the meeting on Monday had :
an unusually large attendance, there being !
two events to attract the membership and i
visitors. The first was the conferring of j
the Red Cross degree upon three candi- ■
d4t?s, and the other was the reception j
tendered to Sir Knights who returned !
from the Philippines. The special guests j
were Colonel Victor D. Duboce, Dr. Nel
son Miles Black, captain and assistant
surgeon First North Dakota Volunteers, j
and Lieutenant C. W. Getchell, quarter- i
master North Dakota Volunteers.
The visitors who registered were: Right
Eminent Grand Commander ' Sir John F. |
Merrill R. H. McGlnary, W. E. Smith, !
W T. Perkins. S. Howell, J. B. Fuller,
M. H Starr. J. H. Henry. H. B. Ream, '
Adolf Wheeler, E. K. Head, Mark Par
rlsh, H. K. Hathaway. H. J. Schau, W. ;
C. Campbell. Charles Gllss. N. M. Rlack, i
C W. Getchell, A. R. Wells. Thomas L.
Hill. E. W. Tucker, H. S. Jeffer. N. D.
Plale, George H. Holhrook, C. A. Sum- :
mer. John Lackmann. R. L. Halborne. P. p
N. X i well, E. F. Rowland, E. B. Carroll i
and T. B. Robinson.
After the ceremonies of the degree had !
been brought to a close there was an ad- }
journment to the banquet hall, where
about _"'' partook of an excellent colla
tion. Eminent Commander J. C. Camp- i
bell presided in the capacity of toastmas- j
t< r. There wefr addresses by J. C. Camp
bell. R. E. G. C. and the special guests, j
vocal selections by Frank Coffin, Samuel ;
D. Mayer. W. C. Campbell and C. L.
Gates. C. S. Benedict read an original
appropriate to the occasion, find |
•■•■ I). Clark gave a reading. There
were also a number of impromptu toasts |
and responses, and it was after midnight i
before the reception was brought to a
close.
JURY FAILS TO AGREE.
Case Against Evelyn Holt Finally
Dismissed by Judge Lawler.
Evelyn Holt was placed on trial be
fore Judge Lawlor and a jury yester
day for an assault with a deadly
weapon on Carl Fecker on September 5
last. Holt has been absent from the city
for some time ar.d all efforts to locate
him have been wKhout result. Fe«ker
came into prominence by marrying
"Jennk- Webber," the nemesis of Col
onel William J. Sutherland. It was
this marriage that caused the alleged
attempt on Fecker's life by Miss Holt.
Several witnesses pave testimony as
to the Immediate facts surrounding the
shooting. The case oi the people rested.
Miss Holt then took the stand and told
the story of her betrayal and her futile
attempt on her betrayer's life.
Miss Holt told her story without the
least manifestation of emotion, while
even the jurors, when sho- reached por
tions of her story relating to the revolt
ing cruelties of her 1 etrayer. became
plainly uneasy. When the defendant
left the Ptami District .Attorney Mur
phy made his argument. Attorney
Terry waived his ri^ht to arcu.- the
case "on behalf p* his client. Judge Law -
lor instructed the jury and it retired to
deliberate on a verdict.
The jury was out i:ntll nearly mid
night and then the foreman announced
that they were unable to agree on a
verdict. Judge Lawlor accepted the
situation and discharged the jury, and
realizing the improbability of securing
a conviction of the prisoner ordered the
case against her dismissed.
W. J. BRYAN AT THE FAIR.
Silver Champion Visits the Mechan
ics' Institute Show in the
Pavilion.
Yesterday was a grent day at Me
chanics' Pavilion in more ways than one.
In the afternoon a committee consisting
of Rodney Krndrick, vice president of the
M>" h. urns' Institute. Rol i rt YV. Neal, J.
P Fraser, P. J"- Healey and George H.
WalMs escorted Hon. William J. Bryan
and his party from the California Hotel
to the Pavilion, where in a short speech
the - bampion of silver complimented the
Institute on having grown from a small
library with a dictionary and a bible in
1850 to its present proportions with a
library containing 70,000 \olumes.
Aft^'r viewing the displays, of which the
Filipino exhibit Interest id Mr. Bryan
most the committee took 'he ladies of the
party for a drive through the park.
During the day 2500 school children from
the Hamilton Grammar, Golden Gate
Primary, Jackson Primary and the Henry
Durant School visited the Fair.
The special attraction for to-night will
be a serpentine dance. Saturday will be
Babies' Day, when eight prizes, will be
given for the best looking babies of either
sex.
ISLAM'S WELCOME.
Grand Gathering of Siiriners Friday
Night in Honor of the Former
Recorder of the Temple.
The Ancient Arabic Order, Xobles of
■ the Mystic Shrine. Islam Temple of San
' Francisco, has issued a notice to its
numbers to attend a special ceremonial
session to commemorate the return of
j Ecobud 'd Rotclv, a great and mighty
: chief, famous and justly renowned for his
m;iny conquests in the Far East. Like
wlse the return of a numtxr of other chief
tains and warriors, well known for their
i deeds of valor on the battlefield. Glory
' and triumph have preceded these chiefs
: and warriors, and they are justly proud of
them. There is a special importance at
' tached to this ceremonial. Besides being
i the first opportunity the Nobles have had
of 'mingling together and extending the
i "glad hana" to one another since last
A.i Til there is another consideration.
Noble Recorder Colonel Victor D. Du
' boce and a number of other Nobles of
' Islam Temple will again be among them.
■ covered with martial glory so v<e!l earned
i during their absence of a year or more.
I The Nobles of Islam Temple will have the
'■ pleasuri- and honor of extending the "glad
hand" and welcoming their heroes I'r-m
the Philippine Islands at this ceremonial.
Are they anxious to do so? They arc!
Even their camel, faithful old Ben, who
I has served this temple since ISS3, and
i during these sixteen years has carried
I more Nobles and novices on his dear old
i back than any other camel west of the
Rocky Mountains, is waiting to welcome
and extend the "glad hoof to his erst
while friend, Noble Duboce.
After the ceremonies in the Temple on
Sutter street, in the Golden Gate Asylum,
there will be a banquet in the large hall,
and covers will be set for 400. Those who
have charge of the affair say that it will
be the greatest meeting of Shrlners ever
held in this city. .
. ♦ ■
COURT NOTES.
Walter Morgan, who prepared plans to
be used in connection with those of the
architect's in the construction of the Mis
sion High School, was given judgment
yesterday against the Board of Educa
tion for $1988, the value of his services.
Judge Hunt yesterday granted a writ
of mandate to be directed against Audi
tor Wells to compel him to audit the de
mand of Dr. George E. McPherson, who
was appointed vaccinating physician by
The Hoard of Health. In issuing the writ
Judge Hunt decided that the board is
appointed as the guardian of the public
health, and when necessary it may ap
point physicians or others to assist in
the work charged to them.
Le Roy and J. W. Piper, legatees un
der the will of the late millionaire, .1. W.
Piper, have petitioned the Superior Court
to vacate the order made by Judge
Troutt appointing Henry Jacobs and G.
W. Dinkelspeil their legal representa
tives. They allege that the appointment
was made without their consent, and de
mand the right to appoint their own
counsel. *
Charles F. Stone filed suit yesterday
against James Alva Watt to recover
%2fi 90 on a promissory note, secured by
the defendant's law library, upon which
plaintiff prays a judgment of foreclosure.
Frank Soto was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Graham on the charge of grand larceny
in $1500 bonds. He stole a watch from Nels
Anderson, a sailor, on August 27.
James D. Howe, a saloon-keeper at
Stanyan and Waller streets, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of vagrancy preferred by his
wife. They had be<m married about a
year and all that time Howe had
been drunk. The point was raised that
the wife could not testify against her
husband and the case was dismissed, but
Howe was at "nee arrested on a charge
<>f battery upon his wife.
William McNamara, who stole a dia
mond pin from George W. Wolfe at the
baseball grounds two weeks ago last Sun
day, pleaded guilty to petty larceny yes
terday, and Judge Mogan sent him to the
County Jail for six months.
Alexander Ryder and John Smith, for
stealing a box <>f tomatoes from the front
of Porter Brothers' store on Front street,
were yesterday convicted by Judge Con-
Lan on the charge of petty larceny anri
ordered to appear for sentence this morn-
Insr.
■♦ « —
To Bitumenize Valencia Street.
At a meeting of the Mission Business
Men's Association last night it was de
cided to make one more effort to secure
the repavement of Valencia street from
Market to Twenty-elgrth with bitumen.
To accomplish this the association ap
pointed thr- following a committee to
appear before the Supervisors previous
to that body iixing the annual appropria
tion for street work: F. 1,. Waibel, H. II
Manifold. George M. Eastman, K. ( . Har
ris,.:;. Eugene McCoy. H. C. Hageollot.
H Hoffman, J. H. Sohute. W. J. Kenney,
YV. A. Bahr, M. J. Kelly. J. H. Boyson.
J. L. Firmin. W. A. Smith and William A.
Burns.
The members of the committed will seg
regate themselves into subdivisions and
Interview each Supervisor separately,
with the object of securing his vote to
make the necessary improvement.
It was suggested that the co-operation
of the Mission Federatton of Improve
ment Clubs be sought in this movement.
. ♦ .
The Enchanted Mesa.
A most interesting address will be given
at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion auditorium, Mnson and Ellis streets,
next Saturday evening at 8 o'clock by
Dr. David Starr Jordan. He will speak
im the "Enchanted Mesa of Acoma" and
will illustrate his lecture by dissolving
views, most of them being beautifully
colored. This will dose the series of
popular Saturday night entertainments at
the association and is open to the public.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— John S. Barrett,
aged 36 years, died of pneumonia to-day
at his home. 533 Myrtle street, leaving a
mothor and sister. The funeral will be
on Friday morning from the Church of
the Immaculate Conception.
The demurrer in the contest of the will
of the late "Win. Patton of Alameda has
been overruled. The sons are contesting
the will because testator left his former
housekeeper, Mrs. Ammerman, $50 a
montb during her life.
Frank C. Havens, manager of the
Realty Syndicate, has just returned from
i his summer outing spent at his old home
at Lone Island, N. V.
A E. Davis, E. R. Shrader and C. W .
i Sexton to-day tiled an appraisement of
the estate of ' Marian Pomeroy, an Insane
person Bhowir g total valuation of $2725.
H. P. Chadbourne to-day tiled suit in
' the Superior Court against M. and Kate
i C Salisbury for the recovery of $2067 92,
i and interest $940 29. due on two promls
sory notes, one for $777 97, dated January
29 lS9ti, the other for $1500, dated March 15,
18§5.
Jane Foote Martin was to-day appointed
executrix of the estate of her husband,
J. West Martin, deceased, and Judge Hall
i has admitted the will to probate.
Ernest Held has applied for letters on
! the estate of Frederick \V. Muhlenhaupt,
; who died here on August 20 last, leaving
a will dated October 30, IS9I, witnessed by
i Christopher Turk and George P. Hoeffer,
' and wherein Rudolph Kach is named as
I executor but refuses to act. The estate
consists of $346 in bank and notes for $-»000
secured by mortgage on Yolo County prop-
I erty The devisees are Herman Selden
! heim, aged 61. Henrietta Held and Dora
C. Sehueider of Oakland.
Asa V. Mendenhall, the attorney, was
nearly killed last Monday while driving a
spirited uam over the summit of the
Wagner road, in company with a young
lady. A rider's horse slipped In front of
the' attorney's team and the latter dashed
down the side of a steep hill. Just ahead
v.as a deep ravine and seeing the further
'• danger Mendenhall managed to run his
i vehicle into a tree, without serious results
to himself and lady.
Samuel Wilson Thorn and Sabina Ben
eche and William Bickmann and Ida May
Dockery, all of San Francisco, were
unu'-d in marriage by Police Judge Smith.
Librarian's Report.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 6.— The Trustees of
the AU'.meda Fre. Library hold their reg
ular monthly meeting last evening. Li
bra ri in Weller's report showed the nura
ber of books issued for home use during
the month of August as follows: Fic
tion 6871, per cent £!; juvenile 1731, per
cent 20; miscellaneous 'J216, per cent 17.
\verage daily circulation for home use.
416 volumes." The circulation for the
month of August. 18!<9, exceeded that of
the month Of August last year uy 377
volumes.
. ♦ ■
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 6.— The funeral of
Mrs. Charlotte Josephine Bausbach was
held this morning at 11 o'clock from her
late residence, corner of Encinal avenue
and Mound street. Interment was in
Mountain View Cemetery.
The teachers of Alameda will have a
local institute some time next month in
stead of joining In the county institute
which will be held some time during the
month of April, this year.
Amhard Kriete and Minnie S. Raster
ing, both of this city, will be married this
evening- at S o'clock at the Immanuel
Lutheran Church on Lafayette street.
High School Lot Offered.
BERKELEY, Sept. B.— At a meeting of
the Board of Education held last night
a communication was read from Mrs. R.
M. Shattuck offering to exchange for a
portion of the present high school lot on
Center street a lot upon the west side of
Shattuek avenue, hounded by Alston way.
Mllvia and Klttredgs streets. The valua
tion of both pieces of property is fixed at
$£>00. A special meeting of the board has
been set for September 26 to consider Mrs
Shattuck's offer.
Heavy Sentence for Drunk.
OAKLAND. Sept 6.— ln view of existing
doubts as to whether Charles H. Wall
couid be convicted on a charge of murder
ously assaulting Martin Dearson last Sun
day, Police Judge Smith did the next best
thing In his opinion by sentencing the man
to pay a line of $75 >,r take thirty-seven
and a half days in jail, for drunkenness.
Shafter Makes Defense.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Major General
W. R. Shatter, commander of the De
partment of the Pacific, has written a
letter to Rev. C. O. Brown, pastor
of the Green-street Congregational
Church, in which he defends himself
against the charge that he was not un
der fire at Santiago by stating that
had he been at the front he could have
been of jio more service to the army
than a brigade commander.
„ « ♦ ■
It Is Some Consolation.
That the electric car is the poor man s
automobile.
That the mosquito is no reppecter of
riches.
That the price of the rod does not de
termine the weight of the fish.
That riding a bicycle is healthier exer
cise than driving a four-in-hand.
That I can get just as tanned at Way
back Center as you can at Tuxedo.
..That if a sailboat isn't as big as a yacht
it floats in the same water.
That the attic of a farmhouse isn't any
hotter than the attic of a hotel, and it is
Dearer thr ground in case of tire.
That if all of us girls can't play golf
we all can wear pretty stockings and
swing in hammocks.
That the grandest views are not always
Been from the loftiest mountains and the
prettiest beaches are not always those
with the highest priced hotels.
That the people who bathe at private
beaches have to dip in the same old ocean
with the rest of us.
. ♦ ■
No Need to Keep It Closed.
"Xv, grntlemen," raid the great political
boss; "I have nothing to be ashamed
of! I have tried to treat all the boys
fairly, and my record throughout the cam
paigrp is an open book."
"Yea; we kow that. Bill," said the I
spokesman of the ward committee, with
odious familiarity; "but what w.-'re
a-kickln' about i« that there ain't any
thir.e left of the book but the stuhs."
C'S^^i^ilVrJW T rn dollars 1? as low a price as Is pos-
OT^C^^^/^^«a s ' blf for an ai '" wo °l tailor-made suit and
&vJxmS2?/s&&\rtm y?t Eive the tai ' or an honest margin of
&S£&ss^yjj£s $%iS profit
j|ffifV/fiy^lr« Try as hard as we can, we cannot
yjjfyL^flKSj^^y^E make an all-wooi suit to order for a cent
SGflH^P^fwf ftSa! when you u y one of our Io tailor- 1
Bj^^2^^ffiwPlS m:] d; suits you may know that you are B
■nHK^^^Mn £ettin^ a suit as ood as Possible for the
SPt^F^^ffißj^Ml price and the rri:e cant bs lower - n
i And our guarantee proves that we have
6MnLwCo£g£Sß3j fa ' tn in the suits we make:
aß^^gj^ffMpßffi&t. N onev returned if >ou want it; or
ffff^rfrSficffgiilPSv Suit ept !n re P dir * ree f ° r ° ne year -
jfffSy^y^jWy Send for samples.
tml 1 ' * JB YW4 » v^i^\VS BE
THE ALCAZAR
DROPS EASILY
INTO COMEDY
CHRISTOPHER JR., though not a re
markable play, is a very Interesting
one, for the buoyancy and exuber
ance of that youthful scapegrace,
Christopher, flood the action with a
brightness little inferior to noonday.
One is kept busy chasing his intentions
and he always does the. unexpected. A
I wholesome neglect of thinking is his
J chief characteristic. Mr. Ormonde, the
leading man, is a grateful new element
in the Alcazar. He is the proverbial
"little leaven." He seems a quiet ap
peal for freshness, for ne^y methods, and
or.c abides hopefully the issue of this ap
peal. He has a well-modulated voice, a
good stage presence, considerable intelli
gence, much dramatic enthusiasm and
such beautiful teeth! Since the time when
a mere boy he ran away from home to
I join a "fly-by-nlght" company playing
| lurid melodrama (and was glad enough
i to be caught and curried home), he has
' kept his eye steadily fixed upon his one
ambition, and his experience covers a
period of seventeen years. Little Helen
Henry, the new ingenue, is very pretty,
very satisfactory, and, I am told, very
witty. She seems endowed with that
dram of wisdom that teaches one to avoid
the ornamental business and the greater
vice of playing to the audience. A friend
vouches for this bit of youthful repartee:
When Helen was but 6 they were one day
laboring up one of San Francisco's steep
est. "This is Russian Hill, is it not?"
said the friend. "Not going up," groaned
Helen, "but it certainly is coming down."
Miss Foster has improved with experi
ence — she is more natural and has lost
some of that staccato touch she invari
ably gave her lines. She lacks magnet
ism, but she is responsible and always
sure of her lines. 1 should place Mon
taine second in Inti rest to Mr. Ormonde
this week. He makes such a delightfully
wooden Mr. Glibb. Applause is frequent
throughout the play, but some of the best
lines fall dead. I wonder why. Of course
j there is a joy in silence, but not to the
j actor. After* a brief summer of the le-
g itimate and romantic with Mr. M" r rison
! and Miss Roberts, the I a~t stems to drop
back easily into the needs of the society
play. Not even a suggestion of small
clothes was apparent in their elocution,
and not a stride. Next week "The Wages
of Sin" will be played.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON*.
Midweek Theater Notes.
When Clay Clement closes in "The
Bells," the Columbia remains closed for
two weeks, to reopen with Modjeska.
• * •
"Carmen" and "Romeo and Juliet"
have drawn crowded houses at the Tivoli
this week. For next week "Lohengrin"
and "Othello" are announced, the latter
being given for the first time at popular
prices.
• * •
The Orpheum presents an unusually at
tractive bill this week. On Sunday sev
eral new features will be added to take
the places of those necessarily with
drawn.
• • •
"El Capitan" is ever fresh and ever in
teresting and has crowded the Grand
Opera-house with appreciative audiences.
Next week "Fatinitza" is the attraction.
A Squeamish Proofreader.
Perhaps I may be pardoned .for a
brief reference to an odd complication
that arose while "The Luck of Roaring
Camp" was being put into type in the
printing office where The Overland
Monthly was prepared for publication.
A young lady who served as proofread
er in the establishment had been some
what shocked by the scant morals of
the mother of Luck, and when she
came to the scene where Kentuck, aft
er reverently fondling the infant, said,
"He wrastled with my finger, the d— d
little cusp," the indignant proofreader
was ready to throw up her engagement
rather than go any further with a story
so wicked immoral. There was
consternation throughout the establish
ment, and the head of the concern went
to the office of the publisher with the
virginal proofreader's protest. Unluck
ily, Mr. Roman was absent from the,
city. Harte, when notified of the ob
stacle raised in the way of "The Luck
of Roaring Camp," manfully insisted
that the story must be printed as he
wrote it or not at all. Mr. Roman's lo
cum-tenens, in despair, brought the ob
jectionable manuscript around to my
office and asked my advice.
When I had read the sentence that
had caused all this turmoil, having first
listened to the tale of the much-both
ered temporary publishers, I surprised
him by a burst of laughter. It seemed
to me incredible that such a tempest
in a teacup could have been raised by
Harte's bit of character sketching.
But, recovering my gravity, I advised
that the whole question should be left
until Mr. Roman's return. I was sure
that he would never consent to any
"editing" of Harte's story. This was
agreed to, and when the publisher
came back a few days later the em
bargo was removed. ■The Luck of
Roaring Camp" was printed as it was
written, and printing office and vestal
proofreader survived the shock. — Noah
i Brooks in Century.
Limitation.
Her g-owr.s trail half a yard around
Dame Fashion's most devoted daughter.
Since 'tis the style to sweep the ground.
She would not dare to wear them shorter.
! And when in bathin? costume cool
She frolics in the surging water,
' Her skirts are cut by the same rule —
' She would not dare to wear them shorter.
— E .R. P., in Puck.
31
TWO MINERS
KILLED BY AN
EXPLOSION
One Hundred Pounds oi
Giant Powder Accident
ally Touched Off.
NEVADA CITY HORROR
Comrades of the Unfortunate Men
Ignorant as to the Cause of
the Accident.
Bpe • h to Th<? Call.
NEVADA CITY, Sept 6.— One of the
must distressing mining accidents in
the annals of the Nevada mining
district occurred this afternoon. Sam
■ Bishop and Henry Hawk were
blown to atoms by an explosion of
giant powder in the Mayflower mine.
How the accident occurred probably
w ill never be known, as no one lives to
give the details.
Bishop and I lawk were working in a
Bloj n the 200 Coot level and had just
tamped the last two holes before quit
he day. Not having enough
powder, they walked to a crosscut drift
where the explosives are kept. Soon
ward the other miners were
startled by a terrific explosion. On ac
• .if the great volume of powder
-•■ an entrance to the drift could
not be effected tor several minutes. The
■s, venturing in. stumbled over
the bi and lltw k. f right
fully majfgled and torn beyond recog
nbs were severed fronj
the body. Late to-night the Coroner
removed the remains to this city.
Those working in the mine had not
ihe least Idea as to how the explosion
.. indred pounds of giant
ler were exploded, tearing a large
hole in the drift, and the concussion
ausii,^ the timbers to shatter.
Bishop leaves a widow, two grown
sons and two married 'laughters. He
tras a veteran of the Civil War, a na
me here from
Fresno County une year ago. Hawk
son of Josiah
Hawk.
STOPPING THE SALE OF
LIQUOR AT NIGHT
Hie Town Trustees of San Rafael
Planning to Abate a
Nuisance.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. fi.-The rnle of
rs in restaurants and
11 o'clock In the even
it' late caused the municipal au
inoyance, and
. made c impl lint that
crowds of drunken persons have made so
much noise a.^ Beriously tb disturb their
Last night the Board of
Town T Lppled with the problem
sind Trustee Her,!./ Gieske Introd
irdinance for adoption by the board
which will probably be adopted at the
next meeting, and thereby do away with
what has come to be a pronounced nuie
ince. The ordinance was fra/ned by City
Attorney T. i. Boyd.
it is made a misdemeanor under the
provisions of the proposed ordinance to
sell intoxicating liquors in restaurants
U o'clock, the hour
red to <-I"si\ and any
nable noise In a public
ftei ur is also made a
tn case any of the persons
Imed at in the ordinance persist in vio
ating the law it is proposed by the Su
■■■.■ ■ eir lic<
HEAVY LOSS OF LIFE
CAUSED BY A TYPHOON
Hundreds of Houses Wrecked During
a Storm on the Coast of
Japan.
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept. 6.— The Ori
ental steamship Glenogle, which arrived
from Yokohama to-day, brings mall ad
vices as follows: On August 15 Kagoshi
ma was visited by a typhoon, causing a
serious loss of life and property. Accord- ,
ing to the official Investigation eleven per
sons were killed and fifty-two injured; ,
S'.O houses collapsed and BG7 were badly
damaged. In the rural districts thirty
three persons were killed and 110 injured:
1143 houses were blown down and 339
partly wrecked. Shipping suffered heav- ,
ily. Forty-five boats were wrecked,!
twenty- of this number being capsized i
while at anchor.
- The storm was also felt at Kumamoto,
•where a number of buildings were demol- i
ished, causing the loss or several lives.
Several vessels wore wrecked.
FINED FOR CONTEMPT.
Willows Lawyer Makes Charges
Against the Court.
WILLOWS, Sept. 6.— At the hearing of a
motion." to change Judges in the case of
Clara Morehouse as administratrix
against G. W. Morehouse to-day Ben F.
Geis, attorney for defendant, "was sen
tenced to twenty-four hours in the County
Jail for contempt of court.
<Jeis 'presented an affidavit in support of
his motion which alleged much irrelevant
matters and made charges against the
court, and in reading the affidavit became
insolent and insulting. Attorney Frank
Freeman, representing the plaintiff, ob
jected to the affidavit and conduct of
i;>-is, and in considering the matter Judge
I'irkey unmercifully scored Geis and com
mitted him to jail.
♦-
Mules for Cuba.
WOODLAND, Sept. 6.— J. E. Oabbart
l<^ft this afternoon with four carloads of
Volo County mules for the Cuban market
I >r. Blemmr-r, State Veterinary Surgeon
examined the mules and furnished a clean
I f health.
6
0. Marey & Llger-Belair's
NUITS, FRANCE,
BURGUNDY WINES.
rhambertln, Clos-Vougeot, Chablls (White), i
Bcaune, PommariJ, " " 1878, !
Tults, M.icon, " "
In Cases, Quarts and Pints. (Gold Label).
CHARI^ES MEIXECKE ■& »CO.,
Pole Acentfl.
H Sacramento Street, San Francisco, Cal.
GERMANY ATTEMPTS
TO SEIZE GEN SAN
Koreans With Russiar>s at Their
Elbow Warn Prince H^ nr y
to Y^eep Off.
!S VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 6.— Malcolm Fenwiok, a Canadian mission
ed ary. who arrived by the Glenogle from Gen San, Korea, tells a story of
>5 how Germany prepared to seize another Kiaoohau. in Korea. He says
5 Prince Henry attempted to attach Gen San for the Kaiser, but the Ko
!? reans, with the Russians at their elbow, frustrated the attempt.
• Shortly before Mr. Fenwick left Gen San the German gunboat Irene
i> swung into port. The residents of Gen San were greatly excited when
5 she arrived, for in the past ten years no German ship has been seen
jj there. When the commander of the Irene went ashore he gave notice
> that the warship Peutschland, with Prince Henry of Germany on board,
would arrive in a few days, and before two days had elapsed^in came the
S big warship with the Prince. The port of Gen San is the outlet for
5 Port T.azareff, to which the Russians have set claim, and the visit of
y the throe warships— for a third German cruiser arrived soon after the
3 Deutschland— was, Mr. Fenwick said, the first step toward the acqulsi
£ tion of the port by Germany, who is known to have long been looking at
y it with longing eyes. The Germans were doubtless goaded into activity
$ by the manner in which Russia Is usurping Port Lazareff. The harbor
> on which both ports stand is in the- form of a figure 8, and Gen San,
i situated at the junction of the figure, commands the entrance. Prince
> Henry remained at Gen San three weeks and entertained lavishly.
5 Sinister stories were being told by the foreign element during his
1 visit of the leasing of the port, which, as well as being of strategic ad
-2 vantage, is the outlet to the west from the German concession, some
• fifty miles away. While his ships were at Gen San Prince Henry went
> to Fusan to apply for a concession to build a railway from Seoul to Gen
? San. The application was politely refused, the German Prince being
5 told that a Korean company had already been granted such a conces
> sion.
LONG REST FOR
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Will Be Given Indefinite
Leave.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAM. HEAPQIWRTEKP. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.-
When Admiral Dewey is formally de
tached from sea duty immediately after
the return of the cruiser Olympia next
month he will be granted an indefinite
leave of absence and given duty again
only upon his own application.
Considerable interest was manifiested in
naval circles today by a report from
Gibraltar this morning that the Admiral
had stated that he probably would retire
under the regulations. If the Admiral
holds to this derision he will be placed on
the retired list on December 2'"> next, when
he will have reached the age of 62 years.
Under the law all naval officers, unless
[ally exempted by act of Congress, are
relegated to retirement upon reaching the
age of 62. The act reviving the grade of
Admiral for Admiral Dewey contained a
provision that he should not be retired >x
cept upon his own application. There will
be no change in the Admiral's pay upon
his retirement.
Th-re has been considerable talk In
naval circles regarding the formation of a
board to control important naval matters
and it has been reported that either Ad
mirul Dewey or Admiral Sampson should
be its chairman. Jt is true that a sug
gestion of this kind has been present^
to the department, but there is no likeli
hood that it will be adopted.
At any event an Admiral will not be the
head ot such board. It is possible that
Admiral Sampson will have- duty of an
advisory character, but he will not be as
i to command th< New Fork or any
other navy yard, so far as officials here
are aware of Secretary Long's intention.
I understand Rear Admiral Hichborn,
Chief Constructor, is preparing his views
on the Secretary'" proposition to consoli
date the bureaus of Equipment, Steam
Engineering and Construction and Re
pair, and it will be submitted immediately
upon the Secretary"s return.
Although there is a probability the
rruisor Chicago will return to New York
In time to take part in the recr-ption to
Admiral Dewey, it may be stated posi
tively that there is no Idea at the Depart
ment of permitting Rear Admiral Howi
?on to supersede Rear Admiral Sampson
In charge of the naval ceremonies. Rear
Admiral Howison if senor to Admiral
Sampson and the latter would naturally
be under his command if he were to re
main on the Chicago and take part in the
celebration. The Chicago left Rio de Ja
neiro this morning for Barbadoes, en
route to New York, and is four days
ahead of her Itinerary, which fixed Oc
tober 5 as the date of her arrival. I'nless
Admiral Howison rushes the Chicago
along, therefore, it is hardly likely that he
will arrive at New York until after the
celebration has occurred. In any event
it Is understood he will not be in command
during the reception to Admiral Dewey,
even should it be necessary for the De
partment to issue orders directing his im
mediate detachment.
WILL START A DAILY
PAPER IN SAN RAFAEL
Joseph Fauntleroy, Formerly of the
Journal, Makes the Ex
periment.
SAX RAFAEL, Sept. Joseph Faunt
leroy, a former employe of the Marln
Journal, will start a daily evening news
paper in this city, the first copy to be
issued next week. The last dally paper
published here was issued every morning
by the notorious T. H. Rush and was
named the Sun. The Sun would better
have been published in the Arctic regions,
local newspaper men assert, for it set in
six months.
A similar fate is prophesied for the
journalistic venture of Mr. Fauntleroy, as
the lesson taught by a sad experience is
that San Rafael forms too limited a field
for a daily.
«.
MAYOR BURKE OF SANTA
BARBARA UNDER ARREST
Councilman Weile Charges His Honor
With Disturbing the
Peace.
BANTA BARBARA, Sept. 6.—Council
man Welle of the Fifth Ward to-day
swore to a warrant charging Mayor Ed
mund M. Burke with disturbing .is peace
and quiet by tumultuous and offensive con
duct. The Mayor pleaded not guilty to
the chaige and the case was set for Wed
nesday. A Jury trial was demanded. <The
trouble grew out of an article signed by
Weile, abusing the Mayor, to which j
Burke took exception and demanded an '
apology from the Councilman. When he '
refused the Mayor took him to task in
language more vigorous than elegant.
NEW HOME FOR ELKS.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 6.— To properly
dedicate the new Elks Hall of the local
lodge invitations have been sent to all the
lodges on the coast and to the neighboring i
Territories. Many of them will send rep- j
resentatlves. San Diego will send a herd
of seventy-five, with the City Guard band
of twenty-eight pieces. Kingman, Ariz. ;
which a short time ago organized with [
thirty-six active Elks, will send a carnl- '<
val band of ten.
Delegations from San Francisco, Stock- I
ton. Oakland and Sacramento will meet at
Tracy, pick up the delegation from Fresno I
<>n tno way down and arrive here on the
afternoon of September 20. The northern
era will he mot at the depot by the San :
Diegan party with Its band. i
SUMD^ 'S CALL can be pur-
|j chasej from all agents and
j; newsdealers at 5c per copy.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
PENDLETON'S DEED
PREMEDITATED
Important Evidence of
Joseph Flynn.
Special Pisratch to The Call.
KESWICK, Sept. 6.— At the Coroner's
inquest held to-day to investigate yester
day morning's tragedy in which John
Pendleton killed Jake Randall but a few
witnesses were called. The most import
ant evidence was that of Joseph Flynn,
a wood-passer who was returning home
from his work an hour before the shoot
ing. He overtook Pendleton on the road
carrying a riflo on his shoulder. He asked
Pendleton why he was carrying a gun
and Per,dleton said: "Jake Randall has
threatened to kill me and I am going to
give him a chance this morning."
No one has been found who can testify
that Randall ever made any threats of
that kind. Mrs. Ends, who is conk at the
bottling works forty yards distant from
the scene of the shooting, says she saw
the whole affair. Randall came down the
hill toward the cabin where Pendleton
stopped. She saw him hold up both hands
as if asking for mercy. Pendleton fired
and Randall fell dead in his tracks. She
was not summoned before the Coroner's
jury. The jury rendered a verdict {hiding
that Randall came to his death by a gun
shot wound Inflicted by John Pendleton
and that it was a case of unjustifiable
homicide.
Eleven of the twelve signed the verdict,
only one refusing to sign with the word
"unjustifiable" retained.
LIVES LOST IN EASTERN
RAILWAY DISASTERS
Collision on the Norfolk and Western
and an Open Switch on
the Erie.
WILLIAMSON, W. Va.. September R —
Preighi No. 59 on the Norfolk and West
ern road broke in two this morning, and
tho sections came together in Dingess
Tunnel. The killed are:
FRANK R. ARCHER, brakeman, Ke
nova,
CHARLES ROOTH. brakemnn, Wayne.
JOHN CHAFFIN, fireman, Dingess.
FOI'R TRAMPS.
MEADYILLK, Pa.. Sept. fi. -An open
switch caused a wreck on the Erie Rail
road at Miller's Station, a short distance
above this city, to-day, in which three
Meadvllle men were Killed and one in
jun-d. A tramp was also killed and an
other injured. A westbound freight train
had taken the siding to allow train 5, ves
tibllled limited New York-Chicago ex
press, to pass. The switch was left open
and the passenger train ran into the rear
of the freight train at the rate of sixty
mil.'s an hour, plowing through several
freight cars. The dead:
REUBEN A. ARNOLD, engineer of the
passenger train. Meadvllle.
CONDUCTOR HENRY H. SCHAFFER
of the freight trnin. Meadvllle.
FLAGMAN GEORGE BCHATZ of the
freight train, M>>adville.
JOHN KBRSH of Buffalo, who was
stealing a rid<- on the passenger train.
The injured: Fireman Plumb of tho
passenger train: a young man from Cbi
c;ik.'f> who wns stealing a rio> on the pas
senger train; Blitz, in charge of a dead
engine on the freight train.
Tin' dead ami injured wire brought to
thW city.
VAQUERO AND INDIAN
FIGHT ON THEIR PONIES
Novel Pugilistic Encounter in Which
the Son of the Forest Is
Worsted.
COVELO, Sept. 6. — A novel pugilistic
engagement took place here to-day. Will
lam Russell, a mountaineer and vaquero,
was "outriding" for a friend who was
breaking a bronco. The bronco got
mixed up with a lot of horses tied to a
horse rack. An Indian, somewhat Intoxi
cated, rode his horse squarely in front of
the bronco and refuspd to move out of
the way. Russell became angry and
threatened the Indian, who took up the
challenge, and the fight was on. The
horses were soon as Furious as the men
and were cavorting and plunging madly,
while the fighter .: were striking and par
rying-. The melee was finally settled
when Russell landed a powerful right
hander on the forehead of the Indian,
who caught himself on the pommel of his
saddle and saved himself from falling.
Blood gushed from his nose and mouth.
Recovering quickly, however, he turned
his horse and galloped toward the reser
vation.
■Warrants were sworn out for both
combatants to appear to-morrow morn
iiiK l»-fore the Justice. The physician at
the reservation thinks the Indian too
badly used up to appear and entertains
grave fears that the encounter may cost
him his life.
♦
THEN COMMITS SUICIDE
Crime Committed by a Tuscon Woman
During a Fit of Despond
ency.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 6.— Mrs. Ethel S.
Rowe committed suicide Monday night by
hanging after drowning her 10-year-old
boy in a bath tub.
The bodies were discovered this morn
ing-. She secured a divorce a year ago,
and despondency Is supposed to have been
the cause for her act.
Mrs Bailey Dead.
SANTA CRTTZ. Sept. 6.— Mrs. Mary S.
Bailey died this morning at the family
home on Front street at the age of 78
years. She was a native of Vermont and
the widow of the late Dr. F. E. Bailey and
mother of the late Dr. Alexander Bailey,
Mrs. May Coffee of Santa Cruz and Mrs.
Fannie Betling of New Mexico. She came
to California in IR'.2 and has resided in
Santa Cruz since 185 S.
SCIENTISTS
PERISH IN
THE NORTH
Seven Members of a New
York Expedition Die
in Alaska.
SOFFEREDJERRIBLY
Captain Elliott Brings News of a
Number of Drownings on the
Shores of Cook Inlet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Sept. 9.— Otto Thews of
Primrose, lowa., who has arrived here \
from Copper River, Alaska, brings news !
confirming the reported deaths of seven
members of the scientific prospecting
company of New York.
The dead are: Earhart, Miller, Aller
man, Schultz, Peter Siegel, Buttner and
Baumgartner.
George Hooker, another member of the
party, got out alive, but is badly crippled
With Bcurvy, which carried away the ma
jority of his companions. Baumgartner
went out hum ing one day and was never
scon again. The most affecting case was
that ot Buttner, who was driven insane
by his sulTeringri. His weak companions
had to strap him down, but even then
they could not restrain him. One morn
ing Thews, whose camp was near, found
Buttner sitting out in the snow with his
clothes and hat off. The thermometer was
45 degrei s below zero. JJuttner was taken
inside, but he died In a few hours. The
party was camped at Twelve Mile camp,
: just beyond Valdes glacier.
Thews also brings a grewsome story in
connection with the rinding of the re
mains of a jeweler named Smith of New (
York, who perished last winter on Valdes .
glacier. Every exposed portion of the :
body had been eaten away by ravens. The I
remains were identified as those of Smith :
by the clothing and effects found with
them. A purse containing %'lbO was among ;
the effects.
A prospector named Austed, a partner <
of Smith, said a money belt which con
tained a considerable sum of money was !
missing. Thews says he had a close call i
crossing the glacier. He fell Into a
crevasse I'M) feet deep, but the pack on
his back caught him and held him until
his companions came to his rescue.
Captain Charles P. Elliott, U. S. A., a
member of the Government exploring
party under Captain Glenn of the Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, which has been gath
ering data at Cook Ir.let, Alaska, has re
turned here. Captain Elliott reports
meeting a greal many prospectors, nearly
cvi ry one of whom was broke, while
many were sick with scurvy and other
disi uses. The expedition rendered these
unfortunates all tne aid possible.
•Cook Inlet," said the captain, "is i
difficult body of water to navigate. It
is a very intricate system and very dan
: gerous by reason of the vertical tide I
wave, some six feet high, that cornea I
rushing in at race-horse speed at spring I
! tide. There were many cases of drowning
this summer, people being caught in the
flats and overwhelmed by this rushing
wall of water. 1 '
Miners Are Destitute.
VICTORIA, B. C, Bept. 6.— Eugene Sul
livan of San Francisco, who arrived on
the steamer Bristol, di ea not bring a
very encouraging report of the Cape
Nome district, and speaking of the desti
tution among miners on Kotzehue Sound
s.iid: "As for Kotzebue Sound, every one
knows that th>i country is no good. I whs
at St. Michael when on the 3d or 4th of
last month the cutter Hear arrived from
there with sixty of the victims of a min
ing erase. It was heartrending to see the
men. 1 knew many of them before they
went north, and so changed were they in
appearance that I did not recognize them.
They were suffering from scurvy and
\\<-vc in an awful condition. They are
now, I understand, to be taken down the
sound Bomewhere.
Gold on the Alpha.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 6.— The steamer
Alpha from Alaska reached Departure
Hay this morning with sixty Klondikers
and about JUiO.OOO worth of gold dust. On
her next trip th« Alpha will bring 100
mounted police from the Yukon.
GRAND ARMY BEGINS
ITS BUSINESS SESSION
Interest Centers About the Election
of the Commander-in-
Chief.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 6.-The real
business at the Qrand Army gathering be
gan to-day with the assembling of the
National Encampment in the Grand
Opera-house. Tlie election of the next
commander in chief is an important ques
tion which will be decided by the dele
gates, li is expected that Colonel William
c. Johnson of Cincinnati, the acting com
mander in chief, will be elected to till the
unexpired term of two days. This will
render him inelieible to candidacy for the
full term and he will he given the title of
past commander In chief.
The contest for the commandership is
between Colonel Albert D. Shaw of New
York and Judge Leo Rasslur of Missouri.
In tii" meeting i C the council of adminis
tration after th> adjournment of the con
vention there will !><• an effort to change
the method of choosing the executive
committee.
In addition to the National Encamp
ment the following military associations
began their me. tings to-day: The Naval
Veterans, Woman's Relief Corns, Ladies
of the G. A. R., Union ex-Prisoners of
War, Ladies' Auxiliary Naval Veterans,
National Army Nurses' Association and
Daughters of Veterans.
AMERICAN SENTENCED
TO DEATH IN JAPAN
Robert Miller the First Foreigner to
Be Tried Under the New
Treaty.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 6.— The steamer
Glenoglo, -which arrived from Japan this
morning, reports that Robert Miller, the
American charged with the murder of
H. N. Ward aiid two Japanese women,
was convicted and sentenced to be exe
cuted at Yokohama September 19. The
case was notable, owing to the fact that
it was the first trial of a foreigner under
the new tr*;ity.
Newa also is brought that the bark
Kitty was lost in a typhoon in the China
bea. The captain, his wife and children
ana eitven of the crew were drowned
!MY ELECTRIC BELT
| -fSk, for WEAK MEN :
0 fOs Used the world'oyer. For %
Q k(™ all ■ results of youthful errors, §
§ m for WEAK MEN I
Used the world over. For i
all results of youthful errors •
lame back, varicocele, etc. No •
% M/S^ MW ■ drugs to wreck the stomach. •
® Wjpz^'ifflk'* Worn at night; currents in- §
•' stantly felt; 6000 cured last •
S i^^Mx^^^^^^ y ear - Dr °p in and o
S WIIMMKItm CONSULT ME FREE, I
1 or write for descriptive book, "Three •
© Classes of Men," sent, sealed, free by mai 1 . 2
• [1R T A UHWfH 18 THIRD STREET, San Francisco. |
0 Will li Hi OHIIULH) Offloj Hours. 9to 6. Buad4y», 11 to 1. q
o«e«A«eft«ttoftaaaA«Aft«ttttoa«««AttAOo««tt«tt«««o«««ff
PRESIDENT NOW A
TRADES' UNION MAN
Mcl^iQley Elected Hooorary Mem
ber of Bricklayers' and Stone
masoQs' OrgaQizatior).
|^ CHICAGO, Sept. 6. — President McKinley is now a trades' union man. »*
j» He was to-day elected a member of the Bricklayers' and Stonemasons' Q
0 International Union, No. 21, of Chicago. - 5-*\',lV £v
5? ■ President Gubbins of the union said to-day that since the chief So
g^ executive ' was 'to lay the corner-stone of the new Postoffice it was 5
0 necessary that the President join the union before he is allowed to nan- a
ft die a trowel in Cook County. j,
8 A card of honorary membership was made out for the President to- £>
*S day, but sit will not be forwarded to him until the matter has been £»
Ci further discussed. O
*S "We will have to take the card away' from him," said Secretary 85 I
55 Starn to-day, "if Mr. McKinley sets a stone prepared by non-union ®
0 labor, which the stone intended for the corner of the new Postoffice is. §
S? and as a national organization we will strike on any building in any £•
5» part of the United States at which he lays a corner-stone or does any O
g construction work." ' " ik
Q %O88O?2O?iO 8S On O & O SS CBKBjhsBaSKaKBOBB3BB O?8O?2O?*O?i 0%0% 0.0.0
SPONGLE'S CASE
IN THE COURTS
Arguments Begun atSan
Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 6.— The matter of the
legality of the action of the Governor and
the board of managers of the Agnews
State Hospital for the Insane In removing
Dr. Sponogle from the superintendency of
that institution came up before Judge Hy
land to-day under the writ of review sued
out by H. V. Morehouse, the doctor's at
torney.
In opening the proceedings Attorney
General Ford read an extensive typewrit
ten answer to the petition, in which it was
denied that the meeting of expulsion at
the Palace Hotel was a special meeting,
but was an adjourned session of a regular
meeting. Other material allegations were
denied and the averments made that Dr.
Sponogle was removed In accordance with
the law for the best interests of the hos
pital.
The opening argument was made by At
torney General Ford. He hold that it
was not necessary to prefer charges and
that the board of managers had the right
to remove the superintendent summarily
at any time. It was also contended that
the court had no jurisdiction in that mat
ter and that Dr. Sponogle's remedy was in
a mandamus suit to prevent his removal
from office.
Attorney Morehouso then began his ar
gument in behalf of Dr. Sponogle. It was
directed principally to the point as to
whether the medical superintendent was
elected for a prescribed term of four
years. The law bearing upon this point
was quoted at length.
It was held that the act of the Legis
lature in forming the Lunacy Commission
did not repeal the statutes which provide
for the tenure of office of the medical su
perintendent. It was attempted to be
shown by the speaker that the former
statute, in making the term of four yean
for the officer In question, provided that
he should not be removed without written
charges being made, and had not bevn re
pealed. The matter was then submitted
for decision.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Land Decisions, Postoifice Changes,
Army Orders and Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Sept. The Commis
sioner of the Land Office has decided in
the cases of the United States vs. Louis
Bryan and George McNeir, involving land
in San Francisco district, that the former
decision of the department that the entry
was fraudulent and invalid is affirmed.
The following have been appointed let
ter carriers at Vallejo by the Postofttce
Department: A. C. Wllans, Daniel Bros
nahan, Horace D. Alford, Levi C. Mailed
and W. \V. Stockton.
Senator Carter of Montana left Wash
ington to-night for San Francisco to be
present on the arrival of Montana troops.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War the following
named enlisted men of Battery H. Third
Artillery, Presidio of San Francisco, will
be discharged from the service of the
United States: Sergeant Charles 11.
White and Privates Atkinson, Lowrle B.
Nevin, William H. Morln, Edward O'Con
nor, Joseph P. Sullivan, Bert F. Tomlin
son and James J. Walsh.
The following named enlisted men, hav
ing enlisted under false pretenses, will be
discharged without honor from the serv
ice: Private Lon Cooper, Company G,
Thirty-first Infantry, and Recruit Charles
G. Pennow, general service, Presidio of
San Francisco.
Second Lieutenant William Mitchell,
signal corps, is relieved from further duty
at Fort Myer and will proceed to Angel
Island, California, and report on or before
September 30 for duty with the signal
corps detachment at that post.
Unassigned Recruit Ernest R. Ward, re
cruiting station, San Diego, having en
listed under false pretenses, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
of the United States.
Major George W. Fishback, additional
paymaster, is relieved from further duty
in the Department of the East and will
proceed without delay to San Francisco.
The following named officers of the
Fortieth Infantry are relieved from re
cruiting duty and will proceed to San
Francisco for the purpose of organizing a
battalion of that regiment from among
the recruits now at that place;. Captain
Walter B. Elliott, Captain James J.
Layes, Captain C. France, Captain
Charles M. Wing, First Lieutenant Ham
ilton Bowie, First Lieutenant Henry P.
Fletcher, Second Lieutenant John M.
Kelso Jr., Second Lieutenant Joseph C.
Righter Jr.
Pensions for Californians: Original-
Julius E. Brandt, Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, $8; Calvin Beatty, Veterans'
Home, Napa. $8; David F. Bean. San
Francisco, $12; Charles Richter, Tgo. $3.
Mexican war survivors— McGow
an. San Francisco, $8 to $12.
Oregon: Original— William H. Steel,
Antone. $12.
Washington: Original— William Mooney,
Stella, $6.
•
Gas at Woodland.
WOODLAND. Sent. 6.— A1l (lander of
gae famine has passed. The bis fire Tues
day afternoon destroyed tho building and
all the piping, hut the generator and
boiler are practically uninjured. The loss
will not exceed $1500. The manufacture of
gas was resumed late this evening.
GIVES HER LIFE
FOR HER FATHER
Child Stops a Drunk
ard's Blow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Sept. 6.— WWIe shielding her
Invalid father from the attack of a
drunken neighbor, 9-year-old Kittie
i Hardy, living at IW2 Dorcas street, was
j struck on the head with a beer giass and
i now lies in a precarious condition at her
, home, suffering from the effects of the
wound. Dr. J. T. Stout, the attending
physician, says the girl is not likely to re-
I cover.
John Nelson, a laborer, made the as
sault. Hardj- was in the back yard. Nel
i son brought beer and asked him to drink.
1 Hardy declined. Nelson took offense at
the refusal and called Hardy vile names.
! Other residents of the neighborhood were
! attracted by the loud talk and just as a
j crowd was gathering Nelson made a rush
for Hardy, clenching the beer glass in an
uplifted hand to strike him.
Kitty Hardy saw her father's danger,
and. knowing him to be too weak to de
fend himself, ran in front of the infuri
ated Neison. The action angered the man
and diverted his attention to the daughter.
The girl stood squarely in front of her
fathf-r. Nelson raised the glass and
hurled it with all his might at Kitty's
i head. It struck just above the eye. mak
ing a deep cut two inches long, laying
bare the skull. The girl fell to the ground
stunned nnd Nelson ran into the house.
The neighbors carried Kitty to ber home
and the doctor was called to dr^ss the in-
Jury- Officer Dan Baldwin arrested N< I
son a few hours later and obtained the
statements of several witnesses whi* had
I seen the assault.
ELECTED CHIEF OF
THE CREEK NATION
General Porter, a Progressive Indian,
Wins Out by a Big
. Majority.
MT'SKOC.EE, I. T., Sept. 6.— General
Pleasant H. Porter was elected Chief of
the Creek Nation yesterday. Twenty-five
hundred votes were cast and he received
1000 majority.
General Porter brlnners to a proErossive
element of the Creek Indiana and drafted
the first treaty submitted between the
Paws Commission and the Indiana in
the Territory. He is also a prominent
figure in Washington at each session of
Congress.
Fire at Redlands
REDL,ANDS, Sept. fi.-The hnndpnm.
cottage of J. E. Woodruff, near Canyor
Crest Park, with part of its contents, was
destroyed by fire this morning. The fire
was caused by a lamp which a servant ac
cidentally dropped. The loss is $55« M, ln>
surance $3100.
Methover Arraigned,
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 6.— E. V. Meth
over, wh© shot and killed Dorothy McKee
at Lonfj Beach, was arraigned this morn
ing and the time nf pleading set for Sat
urday at 10 o'clock.
PERSONS
WHO ARE
Anaemic are dfc'ife|tlfr
pale, weak and wK&Bnr<^
c m a c 1 a ted.
These three ;> « i'JSMiMW
things const I- . jßrsFSw?
tute anaemia. l"*?P^*jX>--2
Anaemia may ..V^ fj
result from or- J^ ifek-^Si
panic weak- $^/ IK'*^S&rs*\
ness, nervous jaXf » A^fi^Sl^
troubles or fe- mm- 'V *W^^*k
ma ! c weak-
ness. In \tn- JSte
men more of- , EK^stF* S ■ /milr
latter chup" <^gr JHB -'Hjfck
| cures anaemia. '^^^^mr.^ffS^t.f^g^r-
It matters not * % \Z-\ ■ffß^JßWfCr"
the cause. ' */'BBi v*MBwR \
Htidyan brings / i^!}(' \vws •
t>ack a glow of I HHlf iPVBbH a
health to all , _. BHL-' JsMfiA: : -iE
pale and wan ~''wflr** 'v{*s^^ V
complex- ™ "' i
ions.
With anaemia are nearly always associated !
headaches, either dull or throbbing. Fig. 1; :
sunken -eyes and dark rings under eyes. Fig. I
2; pale face and coated tongue. Fig. 3; palpita-
tion of heart, Fig. 4; Impaired digestion, Fig.
5: weakness of limbs. Ft*. 6.
HUDYAN promptly relieves these symptoms,
for Hudyan gives tone and strength to all the
body tissues, assists digestion and assimila-
tion, brings all the organs Into harmonious
action.
In cases of female disorder there Is no better
remedy than Hudyan. Hudyan cures all those
weaknesses and Irregularities that are natural
to women alone.
HUDYAN makes rich blood, from which come
bodily strength and flesh. If you would possess
health and strength, a clear skin and rosy
cheeks, "take HUDYAN'.".
HUDYAN Is for . sale by druggists— a
package, or six packages for J2 50.
If your druggist doea not keep HL'DYA.V
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS-FREE
OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Tha Call" vlsltin? lh*
country, seaside or springs during; the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for san»
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
».TERMS...
15 Cents Week
65 Cents per Month
ro STAGE Jf ft £PA ID.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES^
KIDNEY AND BLADDER •
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery in medical scier.:e,
fulfills every wish In promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
rheumatism and pain in the back. It
corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pain in passing it, or bad ef-
fects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to *o often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
i highest for its wonderful cures of the
: most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should
i have the best. Sold by druggist in fifty-
cent and one dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this, wonderful
new discovery and a book that tells all
about it, and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. When
writing mention that you read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Daily;
•all. _
[4UrlMmg)EfORTf
Whon requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
-♦-©-♦-O-C'C vo-»-O-*-O-»O-»-O-*O-»-O-»-O-«-O-*-
-♦; . ♦
I Take advantage , ' ♦
q Of the Round-Trip £
+ Tickets to ♦
O O.
'. Hotel del Coronado. I
O o
I * Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel ; ♦'
° if longer, $2.50 a day. °
j ° Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
1 o San Francisco. o(
i -»-o-*o-*o ♦■ o-*-o-*o -♦- o-*o-*c -«-o ♦o-*-o-^'
SKAGGS'HDTSPRIHGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY *V 4 HOURS
from San Francisco and but £ miles' stat-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues: best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mall and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning an<J
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
-1 cisco only 15 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:13
a. m. or S:3O p. m. Terms. «2 a day or $11 »
1 week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly increasing— last
I year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
../UNA SPRINGS.,
Everything that makes for health,
comfort and recreation is now at its
■ best.
Rates. SlO to Jl4 per week; S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7a. m. or 4p. m. ; private rls to
springs; round trip, »7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
-1 ELL. Aetna Springs. Napa Co.. or J. H. SIMP-
BON, I. O. O. F. building. San Francisco.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
*T»HE best Deer Hunting, Mineral Waters.
| ■ Baths and accommodations in Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall term?. $10 to $12 per week. Come whila
j the hunting is good. J. CRAIG, Manager.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, fcsss^
Up In tl^e mountains, near the
la^es arjd in trje beart of Lcl^e
CouQty's mineral belt. Tak.e
train via Ukiar;.
ROUND TR1P..59.50.
J. MARTENS, Prop.- City Office, 416 Pine Street.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON. FOR THE PAST FIVH
• years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor an<J
Manager.
Bath* and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and stomach
Trouble.
Trains leave Third and Townser.d streets
daily 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
Ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. In the heart of th»
Elerras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because It la clean, no poison oak. no pests
And pure air and pure water. Adores* MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your
Rheumatism. Address A. PETTENS. at
springs, or call on LOMBARD & CO.,
agents, room 30. ??':■ Geary st.
HOTEL SANTA CRDZ.SIL. TA F i C^-cYa? s
Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel is located on the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one Work from the Court-
house. Rates, $1 to $2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON,
304 Montgomery st.
SAMU'L SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.; NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot .mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
Is bottled at the springs and contain* lib uwa
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
testing on lake; boats free to guests; price*
reasonable, $8 to $10 per .week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDO.VALU, Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL
CLIMATE, SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT;
none better in Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out. • H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Spring* P. O.
BLUE LAKES MOTEL
WILL BS CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelil-.e manner, with one of the beat
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 EO. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
•Uge. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Lak*
County. CmL
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT& nt
Ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; train
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
it duel la wrajcoex. '1 or mailing, 51 per year.LABORI MAY NOW MAKE
A DRAMATIC WITHDRAWAL
4- ♦
f RENNES, Sept. 6.— The salva- ♦
4- tion of Captain Dreyfus hangs ■♦
♦• on a word from Emperor Wil- ■♦
♦■ Ham. This is the general opinion •♦
♦- here to-night If the Kaiser con- -♦•
♦■ Bents to allow Colonel Schwarz- ■♦
t- koppen, the' German military at- ■♦■
*■ tache at Paris in 1594. to testify -f
♦ before the court martial, or to ■♦
♦ Bend a deposition . or, what is •♦
♦■ considered still more probable, to -f
♦■ allow his position to be accom- -f
4- panied by the actual documents ■♦
♦ mentioned in the bordereau, then -4
4- Dreyfus is saved. If the Em- ♦
♦ peror, however, decides that it ♦
♦ is not In the interests of tier- ♦
♦ many for Colonel Schwarzkop- ■♦
♦ pen to intervene, then Dreyfus' 4
♦ case is hopeless and his con- +
-♦■ mnation certain. -4
♦ ♦
+ ♦ ♦ -♦--♦■-♦--♦■♦-♦■♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦
RENNES, Sept. 6.— It has been ru-
mored that as a result of this
morning's scene between Colonel
Jouast, president of the Drey-
fus court-martial, and M. La-
borl, leading counsel for the defense,
the latter wishes to retire from the
case. He is convinced that the judges
are utterly hostile to him, and it was
said he had conceived the idea of a
dramatic withdrawal at the opening of
-morrow's session.
A met ting of M. Labori's friends, It
was said, will be held at M. Laborl's
house i.. determine whether such a step
is advisable. M. Laborl's withdrawal
from the ease would be tantamount to
a public declaration of his feelings that
the judges have shown a bias against
Drey:':;- and his counsel. The opinion
of the Dreyfusards this afternoon ap-
peals to be opposed to the contem-
plated step, which they think the anti-
Dreyfusards would represent as an ad-
mission of weakness in Dreyfus' case.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press called it the house of M. Labori,
where the advocate's secretary was
questioned with reference to the report
that M. Labori intended to retire from
the defense of Dreyfus. The secretary
was able to give a positive denial to
the story that Labor! would leave his
post, now that the trial was drawing
near a close. Many inquiries on the
subject had been received during the
afternoon.
M. Labori's secretary was asked if
replies by telegraph had been received
from Emperor William or King Hum-
bert in response to the advocate's
messages asking that Colonels
Schwarzkoppen and Panizzardl be per-
mitted to come to Rennes to testily be-
fore the court. He replied that no
message whatever had been received
up to the present time. He thought it
quite possible that Schwarzkoppen and
Panizzardi would not come in person,
but that they would send depositions,
in which case the trial would doubtless
end on Mcmday or Tuesday of next
week.
The various generals and the military'
witnesses who have been In attendance
upon the court-martial are preparing to
leave Rennes, having the order tele-
graphed yesterday by the Minister of
War, General Marquis de Galllfet.
General Roget will take his departure
to-morrow, which is an indication that
the closing speeches of counsel are ex-
pected to begin on Friday.
The exciting episode of the morning's
sitting was a scene In which M. La-
bori, e^erieral Billot, Colonel Jouaust
and Captain Dreyfus participated.
Things had progressed quietly and
even monotonously up to that time.
'La Dame Blanche," with her famous
pearls in her ears and around her neck,
kept whispering to her companion.
Others, who from the first had taken
the keenest interest In every word ut-
tered in the court, seemed bored and
the Intense heal In the room sent sev
eral to sleep. Suddenly, when General
Billot, in low, even tones, again brought
out what many declared is the general's
last card, namely, the complicity of
Dreyfus and Esterhazy, there was a re
markable change of scene. M. Labori,
in terrible excitement and waving his
arms, protested in a ringing voice.
Dreyfus, who had been sitting like a
statue, also jumped to his feet despite
the restraining hand that a gendarme
placed upon his shoulder, and with his
face flaming with passion said, address
ing Colonel Jouaust: "I protest, col
onel; I protest against this odious ac
cusation."
M. I^abori, at the same time, was de
manding to be heard. Colonel Jouaust,
equally determined not to hear him,
called out: "Maitre Labori, I refuse to
allow you to speak."
When M- Labori finally gave up and
Fat down, trembling, he was deathly
pale. _
EXCITING INCIDENTS
OF THE DREYFUS TRIAL
REN'XES. Kept. R.— The largest audience
vet assembled in the Lycee was present
ADVERTISEMENTS^
WHO WANT TO BUILD UP
— \ * THEIR BODIES
<Jy WILL FIND THE
ONE THING NEEDFUL"
oBSj The body is built up from the
KB food we eat. But before food
$Wk can be assimilated by the body
jj^m it must be prepared for assirni-
P**n i a on by the stomach and other
; ' / organs of digestion and nutn- |
/ / tion. Food does not feed when
I \\ the stomach is out of order."
| LI) "he result is, weak muscles and
Ll-f-\ flabby flesh. "Golden Med-
jk i\ ical Discovery" heals diseases
|J '.'■*' 1 of the stomach and digestive
k 5 I and nutritive system. It works
IV I / with Nature to make manly
I \ / muscle and form firm flesh.
If In a letter received from A. D.
/ ] Weller, Esq., of Pensacola, Es-
I \ cambia Co., Fla. (Box 544), he
VJk states : " I have, since receiving
N^ your diagnosis of my case, as
stomach trouble and liver com-
plaint, taken eight bottles of the
Golden Medical Discovery* and must
cay that I am transformed from a walk-
ing shadow (as ray friends called me) to
perfect health."
,A TRUKO
Temperance Medicine.
CONTAINS NO ALCOHOL.
HOW GUERIN HOLDS THE FORT.
This picture from Petit Bleu shows the manner in which M. Guerin and
* his comrades sleep since their abode was besieged by the police of Paris. t
when the open session of the Dreyfus
' court-martial began at S:SO o'clock. Sena
i tor Trarieux. former Minister of Justice.
resumed his deposition, which hud been
interrupted by the adjournment of the
court yesterday. M. Trarieux took up the
testimony of Savignaud, the witness U r
the prosecution who had asserted th;it he
hud seen letters addressed M. Scheurer
i Kestner. formerly a Vice President of th->
; Senate, by Lieutenant Colonel Picquart
1 whili- Savignaud was Picquart's orderly
in Tunis. M. Trarieux declared that Sa
vigTiaud was a perjurer, and that two of
rs visited Savignaud before the court
i martial opened, M. Trarieux hinting that
the officers had drilled Savignaud on the
testimony he should give.
Savignaud replied, reiterating the truth
of his previous Testimony.
Lieutenant Colonel Picquart then arose
and repeated his denial of Savignaud's
story.
M. Trarieux delivered his testimony in
an emphatic tone. He reviewed the ques
tion of the petit bleu, which, he said, he
was convinced was authentic. He pro
ceeded to comment upon the questionable
role played by Commandant Lauth in the
affair. On the conclusion of M. Trarieux'a
deposition Commandant Lauth confronted
• him. The commandant declared that he
had actetl honestly throughout and that
1 he had not the least doubt of Lieutenant
Colonel Picquart's falsification of the
petit bleu in order to incriminate
hazy.
A striking incident occurred when Com
mandant Lauth. a moment later, asserted
I that Lieutenant Colonel Picquart had al
ways shown the greatest contempt fur the
rs of his bureau, asserting that on
one occasion Picquart had brought to the
general staff In the presence of Mcc
Henry and Lauth a woman. Mme. D .
who "whs the wife of a magistrate, and
i^tuth Intimated Picquart's mistress
Lieutenant Colonel Picquart arose and,
cried. •'] protest absolutely."
There arose from the spectators a
chorus of indignant cries of "Canaille."
"Cochon" and "Miserable." The gen
darmes were ordered to suppress the out
bursts of Indignation wmcb had been
: evoked by the conduct of Commandant
j Lauth in publicly naming a woman in a
idaious c< mnection.
General Zuriinden. formerly Minister of
War, followed Commandant Lauth at the
! witness bar. General Zurlinden Bpoke In
iuFtincation of his action while he was
' Military Governor or" Paris and Minister
of War in the matter of the prosecution
of Lieutenant Colonel Picquart. taking
' the ground that the measure was abso
■ lutely necessary in order that the
\ should clear up the charge of forgery
' brought against Picquart. Moreover, Gen
eral Zurlinden said the Minister of Jus
: tlce had persuaded him to send Lieutenant
Colonel Picquart before a military court.
M Trarieux r*-iili>-<i to General Zurlln-
I d^n, reproaching him with Picquart's ten
months imprisonment.
M. Laborl then asked a question of Gen
eral Zurlinden regarding th<> petit bleu.
oel Jouaust, president of the court
martial, refused to put the question, on
the ground that the court wa* engaged
in the trial of Dreyfus and not of Pic
i quart. M. Labor!, however, insisted, tak
ing the ground that the petit bleu dem
onstrated the guilt of Major Esterhazy
and that consequently it was very im
portant for Dreyfus.
M. Labor! then tackled General Zurlin
■ den who admitted that the magisterial
Inquiry showed that the petit bleu was
not tampered with when it first arrived
at the intelligence department, and that
consequently Picquart could not have
I i n guilty, as alleged, of distorting the
; document.
M. Laborl asked that M. Paleologue.
the (-xpert of the Foreign office, be con-
I suited with reference to his reading before
! the court of diplomatic documents which
established Irrefutably the authenticity of
i the petit bleu.
M. Paleologue. who sit? behind the
I, came to the front <>f the stage and
said that he did not know to which docu
ments M. Labori alluded.
"The document," rt piled M. I^abori, "In
which is recounted a conversation be
twee M. Del Caase, former Prime Minis
ter, and Count yon Munster-Ledenburg,
Germany's Minister to Paris, in the course
of whicn Count yon Munster-Ledenburg
had said Colonel Sehwarzkoppen had ad
mitted Oat he sent Major Eaterhazy .1
] number uf telegraphic cards or petit
■ bleus."
M. Paleologue responded that what M.
Labori said wh' 1 quite true and that the
.document belonged to the diplomatic de
partment. As to the petit bleu in ques
-1 lion, added M. Paleologue, Colonel
: Schwarzkoppen could afTirm whether he
wrote it him*. -If or whether he had not
1 seen it; but in any case, M. Paleologue
■ said, he believed it was sent by Colonel
' Schwarzkoppen.
This declaration by the expert of the
Foreign Office created h marked sensation
In court.
M. Trarieux again entered upon a long
statement, in the course of which he said
'• Major Esterhazy was acquitted, not
judged.
Colonel Jouaust stopped M. Trarieux.
saving he must not sjK-ak that way of
ludges
M. Trarlfux rented that he had not re
ferred to judges but to la chose Jugee.
Colonel Jouaust then pointed out that
M. Trarieux was taking M. Labori's place
and making a regular speech for the de
fense.
General Billot now confronted M.
Trarieux in reply to the latter' s criticism
of him. General Billot was much affected
and spoke in a husky voice. He began
by declaring that M. Trarieux had deliv
ered an eloquent oration, but that it was
a special pleading for Dreyfus and
Picquart and an arraignment of former
Ministers. General Billot praised Lieu
tenant Colonel Picquart for his services
In the army and declared that tie haoVtho
greatest confidence in him — a confidence
which, however, he had since been com
pelled to withdraw. Then, discussing
Picquart's Investigation of the suspicions
against Major Esterhazy, General Billot
said: "Even if Esterhaiy should be
proved a traitor, that would not prove
Dreyfus innocent, for in cases bf espion
age it very often occurs that there are
several accomplices."
M. Labori wished to question General
Billot, and an altercation with 'Colonel
Jouaust ensued. Finally M. Laborl cried:
"Allow me to remark. Mr. President, that
it has never been said that Dreyfus had
an accomplice In Esterhazy."
Captain Dreyfus, who heard General
Billot's statement wlih evident excite
ment, also sprang to his feet and shout
ed: "I protest against this odious ac
cusation.
M Laborl again insisted that he be al
lowed to question General Billot. Colonel
Jouaust still refused and a heated wran
gle once more ensued. M. Labori made a
passionate protest against the attitude of
THE SAr>l FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1599.
Colonel Jouaust. who then said: "I de
cline to allow you to speak."
M. Labor] retorted excitedly, "1 bow to
your ruling, but I take note that every
time I put a question that is irresistible
you refuse to allow It."
This declaration counsel for defense de
llvered In a ringing voice, punctuating
liis utterances with striking gestures.
The audience burst Into loud applause
and the greatest excitement prevailed.
Colonel Jouaust said: "If this demon
stration is renewed I will have the court
room cleared. Have you anything more
to suv. M. Labori?"
M. Labori replied: "No, because — and
I speak with the utmost respect— l am
prevented from putting any Questions
touching the core of the affair. I re
serve the right to take such action as
regard for my responsibility compels me
to take."
This scene was th* 1 climax of the
strained relations which have prevailed
between the president of the court-mar
tial. Colonel Jouaust, and M. Laborl,
principal counsel for the accused, almost
from the very outset of the trial. M.
Labor) bus many times bitterly com
plained that Colonel Jouaust prevented
him fmm putting probing questions, and
for the moment M. Labori abstained from
asking witnesses such questions, fearing
that by so doing he might do more harm
than good to his client. In view of the
manifest irritation displayed by the presi
dent of the court whenever M. Labori
has risen to his feet. In the last few
days, however, the advocate resumed his
former aggressive cross-examination
methods, resulting in to-day's crisis.
M. Labori was extremely excited and
hardly able to contain himsHf with in
dignation, and when afterward asked If
he had any questions to put to other wlt
nesses he replied pertly: "No, nothing
at all."
The court-martial adjourned for the
day on the conclusion of the reading of
Dv P.i !v de i 'lain's .1. -position.
As the audience was leaving the cotirt
room Lieutenant Colonel Picquart's
brother-in-law, (inn. rushed at Com
mandant I-.auth and tried to strike him
for having Introduced the subject of Pic
quart'a mistress In his testimony to-day.
Gendarmes interfered and persuaded M.
Qasi to leave the precincts of the court.
CORCORAN APPEALS
FOR A NEW TRIAL
Many Startling Allegations Made
in the Bill of Excep
tions.
WALLACE, Idaho, Sept. n.-A bill of
exceptions and motion for a new tri.-tl
was Hied to-day by tho attorneys for
Paul Corcoran, who was convicted at the
spring term of court of the murder of
James Cheyne during the riots of
April 29.
The bill of exceptions makes some start
ling allegations regarding the conduct of
the trial jurors, and is supported by the
affidavits of bartenders and waiters, who
claim to have Berved the members of the
jury with drinks of whisky and beer dur
ing the trial. The principal contentions
made by the attorneys for Corcoran ar"
upon the grounds that during the trial
they were refused access to the records
of the proceedings before the Coroner's
jury. These records were wanted for the
cross-examination of three important
witnesses -as it was claimed their testi
mony differed materially from that given
at the Coroner's inquest.
This record was refused the defense by
the Judge, and it is claimed that such a
refusal Is a violation of the constitutional i
rights to a fair and impartial trial. It is !
further claimed that J. H. Forney was
not legally qualified to act as prosecuting !
attorney in the case, he being a resident I
of Latah County and not of Shoshone
County, that the Grand Jury was not
properly summoned, and that the Judge in
delivering his charge to the jury said
they must find beyond a reasonable doubt
that the victim came to his death In
Shoshone County, Idaho, while as a mat
ter of fac-t Cheyne died at the Sacred
Heart Hospital In Spokane.
STANFORD FRESHMEN
DEFEAT SOPHOMORES
Neatly Turn the Tables in a Rope
Rush on the University
Campus.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 6.
—The liveliest time that Enolnal Hall
has had for several years occurred to
niKht, when the sophomores attempted
to have some fun with freshmen. En
cinal Hall is filled from top to bottom
with probably the largest class of "ba
bies" that has ever entered Stanford.
But the "sophs" did not take this into
consideration when they began to
amuse themselves by making the
"fn shies" dance and sing.
At the instigation of the elder
students the "babies," many of whom
are husky men, rushed for the lawn,
where they were followed by the
"sophs." The scrimmage began, and it
was surprising to see the quantity of
rope that hud been gathered in so
short a time. The freshmen were at a
disadvantage in not knowing their own
men, but, assisted by a couple of lan
terns and much Information by the up
per class men, they succeeded in tielng
up every "soph" who made his appear
ance. Rushing has been practically
prohibited by tho faculty, but to-night's
doing was a good-natured affair, and it
is hardly thought that any serious diffi
culty will arise from it.
MARYLAND REPUBLICANS
NOMINATE A TICKET
BALTIMORE, Sept. 6.— The Mary
land State Republican Convention to
day named the following: State ticket:
Governor — Lloyd Lowndes of Alle
gheny County.
Comptroller— Philip S. Lee of Golds
borough, Dorchester County.
Attorney General — Ex-Congressman
John V. L. Findlay of Baltimore.
The nominations were all made by ac
clamation and the convention was har
monious.
The platform declares for the gold
standard, favors the retention of the
Philippines and the suppression of
trusts and all combinations which cre
ate monopoly.
BENTHEIM
REITERATES
HIS CHARGE
Insists American Consul
Florschuet Was a Tool
of the Germans.
GIVES FURTHER FACTS
Willing to Aid the Government to
Prove That the Official Dealt
in French Secrets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 6.— Charles E.
Bentheim to-day reiterated the declar
i ation that he told the absolute truth in
his statement Involving Vice Consul
Florschuetz in the German secret ser
vice work between Berlin and Paris.
"Of course Florschuetz will deny
i this," said Bentheim, "but it can be
I easily fastened upon him. The point in
I the investigation really is this: To ln
! quire in the right direction. The*e is
no use going to Florsehuetz about this
thing. He will naturally deny it and
the rage of the Germans will turn on
us. If Florsehuetz denies his connec
tion with this matter let the question
be put to him:
" 'For what purpose did Florsehuetz
[hand over to me (Bentheim) a money
i order calling for 1500 marks, signed by
I the Emperor? 1
"What the honorable Secretary of
! State, Mr. Hay, says about the Vice
i Consul beginning In 1888 is correct. The
I German Government wanted him made
a Consul, but this position he wa.s not
allowed to fill because he was a Ger
i man. I do not know positively that
' he was cashier of the bank at Sonne
j berg. He was a director. Franz was
! a director and his bank often ligured
in the handling of secret service funds,
as I have told you. 1 will be willing
to respectfully submit to the honorable
Secretary of State the direction in
which to look for convincing evidence
of all that 1 charge.
"1 say again: Florsehuetz was using
his official position as vice and deputy
| consul to aid the German secret ser
j vice in obtaining Information from
! France. He placed his services at the
disposal of the German Becrei service
1 and between the years 1890 and 1.594 he
was actively engaged as confidential
agent of the Becret service. Let the
Secretary of State request the Ameri
can Embassador in London to get per
mission from the Commissioner Gen
eral of Postofflces in London and go to
the village of Holmroe and examine the
1 l J i>st"tti'->' records which are not de
stroyed. Evidence there In black and
white will show the truth of every as
sertion 1 have made."
"What course d<> you suggest for the
securing of information regarding the
German branch of this service?"
"It would be manifestly impolitic to
; make that public. As 1 say, 1 am will
ing to respectfully submit any sugges
tion to an aci redited representative of
the United States Government regard
ing a way in which this matter may )y
feiyeted out. once our hand is shown
the German Government will effectual
ly destroy every bit of evidence which
will yet confirm what I say.
"While it will be difficult to prove
from physical evidence furnished by
the papers themselves that the letter
heads and envelopes were used by Flor
sehuetz, because the papers are in the
secret archives in the War Office in
Berlin, yet evidence can be .secured. If
it can be proved that between 181*0 and
1894 Florsehuetz was engaged in the
purchase of French War Office mer
chandise the presumption that he pros
tituted his office will I"- strong. Flor
sehuetz handled the German secret ser
vice money in this matter. I can give
dates and details regarding the bund
ling of the money."
Bentheim was pressed further for his
recollection of the appearance of the
documents from the French War Office
as they reached him.
"I can recall many of them," he said,
"and I think if 1 were to put myself to
it I could write you a description of the
war vessel as handled by me. You
know at the top of the sheet describ
ing a certain boat would be the word
'Rapport.' This would be underscored
and on a line by itself under this was
generally written: 'Upon the experi
ments made with the Goubet submarine
boat.' Here would follow the mode of
construction and method of maneuver
ing the boat. Over at the left-hand
side of the paper on the bordereau. Bay
two inches, was clear. This was used
for comments on the matter in the re
port. For instance, such notes as
'Could not get models,' 'minimum 1000,'
would be seen. These comments were
found in the description of the sub
marine boat Goubet.
"In cases where the information was
not complete this paper would be tak ?n
by Slgl, who would write in this b.-r
--der, '1000, 5000. 10,000.' This meant
marks and was to be used in procuring
further details. This showed what the
German Government was willing to
pay for It."
Steamßhip Alameda Departs.
The Alarm-da of the Oceanic Steamship
Company's line Balled early this morning
for Sydney* Australia. Her departure
was delayed a couple of hours on account
of late mails. She goes via Honolulu,
Apia and Auckland. Following is » list
of the cabin passengers and their desti
nation:
For Honolulu— P. N. Boeringer.YV. M.
Buohan:m. M. Campbell, li. .1. Carls,
A J Coats, Xl Nino Eddie. Mis- M.
Egan. Miss <.'. Green, Miss Rhoda
Green, Miss Exnoxene Hart, A. E.
Hughe?, G. Kaleikau, Miss Mabel
Lampman, G. A. Loring, Hubert I»w
--rie Judge P. S. Lyman, William M.
Maluka, B. B. Manheim, \.. Marcus,
Gaston Marquis and wife. Captain
Matßon. J. T. McCrosaon and wife,
Miss McCrosaon. Miss A. McCrosson,
AY N. Norton, Mrs. B. J. Parker and
child, D. M. Ross, Mrs. J. P. Scott,
J. Slingorland. Miss E. E. Stansbury,
Mrs. Helen Theillen, Miss Anna Theil
len D. F. Thrum and wife, Miss J.
Wores, Miss J. N. Wores.
For Auckjand— Miss ('aniline J El
ton, G. E. Gabites, H. E. Harrington,
H. P. Reed.
For Sydney— John T. Arundel, Miss
C. M. Brvden, John Connolly, Airs.
Cnngar. Miss Conpar, Louis Cdnrad,
Donald Cormack, T. Algernon Elwell
and wife. George Gibb, D. Hamilton.
F. A. Holdsworth, S. C. Howell and
•wife, Henry Marquiset, Miss Charlotte
Metcalfe, Mrs. W. H. Patton, Miss
Patton, Joseph Porter. David Ross,
J. Sharp and wife, AY. J. Trehair, H.
M. York.
Hartkop Arrested for Burglary.
BERKELEY. Sept. fi.-W. H. Hartkop
a Berkeley boy, wan arrested by the police
last night in San Francisco. Some time
ago Groenhood's dry goods storo on Shat
tuck avenue was entered and a quantity
of valuable articles stolen. Suspicion for
the deed fell upon Hartkop, and a war
rant was sworn out for his arrest. He
was taken to the Alameda County Jail
and brought before Judge Edgar this
morning. The Judge released him on $300
bail. A search of his room by Deputy-
Marshals Kerns and Parker revealed
many of the missing goods. E. Buckley
was also arrested upon the same charge,
but was dismissed for want of sufficient I
evidence. Upon the discovery of the g ods '<
In Hartkop's room he waa placed under j
arrest again.
BOERS PLAN TO SEIZE
STRATEGIC POSITIONS
♦ ♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦-»*♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦
♦ ♦
♦ PRETORIA, Sept. 6.— The lat- ♦
♦ est reply of the Transvaal Re- ♦
♦ public to the British demands +
♦ has been published. In this reply ♦
♦ regret is expressed that the pro- ■♦•
♦ posals of Great Britain are un- -f
■♦■ acceptable. The Transvaal Gov- -f
♦ eminent admits Great Britain's -f
♦ rights under the convention and +
♦ international law to protect her ♦
+ subjects, but denies a claim of ♦
-f suzerainty. The reply agrees to ♦
♦ a further conference regarding -f
♦ the franchise and representa- ♦
♦ tion. ♦
♦ ♦
> -f -f -f -f -f -f -f-f ■♦•■♦ -f-f -f -f -f -f-f
NEW YORK, Spt. 6.— A Journal
cable from London says: Ex
citement was caused at the War
Office this evening by the re
ceipt of a dispatch from Jo
hannesburg indicating that General
Joubert was laying plans to rush
troops Into Laings Neck and Newcastle
in advance of the British.
A British spy sent the information,
adding that the Boers were secretly
massing troops near the points men
tioned and other places of strategic
importance. This startling information
had the effect of quickening prepara
tions. This plan of the Boers had been
foreseen and was the subject of the
generals' counsel earlier in the day.
Generals Wolseley, Sir Evelyn Wood
and Sir Redvers Buller held a confer
ence at the War Office to-day on the
Transvaal crisis. General Wood advo
cated immediate occupation in strong
force df Newcastle and Laings Neck.
The places mentioned are of great
strategic importance, he urged, and it
would be as well to take steps to as
sure the prestige of British arms. The
other generals went into a long dis
cussion of the difficulties of transpor
tation in the problem presented. It
was evident that they were deeply im
pressed by Sir Evelyn's earnest advice.
A dispatch from Johannesburg states
that Colonel Schiel, the Boer command
ant there, has written papers advising
calmness. "The public may be sure,"
he adds, "that the Transvaal Govern
ment will take no step contrary to civil
ized international lews and customs."
U >NDON, Sept. 6. — Advices from va- ;
i ions sources to-day indicate that the '
acute tension in all parts of South:
Africa continues. But unless the Boers j
take the initiative, which at present is ]
improbable, it is pretty certain that the j
issue of peace or war lies solely In the
result of Friday's Cabinet council:
hence public attention is centered more '
on the signs of the times as exhibited
at the army stations and the dock- j
yards than in South Africa itself. ,
though news from there is eagerly |
awaited chiefly owing to the uneasy l
feeling that the Boers might end the!
diplomatic tangle by raiding Natal.
It is reported this afternoon that Mr. j
Chamberlain has sent a reply through]
Sir Alfred Milner. Governor of Cape !
Colony, and British High Commission-!
er of South Africa, to the Transvaal 1
Governments latest proposition. The
matter is generally understood to be
a withdrawal of the former concessions
and an initiative agreement for a
further conference. It seems improba
ble that Mr. Chamberlain has done this,
as he would probably have awaited the
PISTOLESI EXPLICIT.
Grand Marshal of the ileception
Parade States His Position.
Th<- following statement by L. C. Pis
tolesi, grand marshal of the recent suc
cessful parade in honor of the Califor
nians who returned "from the Philip
pines, is self-explanatory:
To whom It may concern: The attempt
of the Ev< ning Bulletin to make it appear
thai there is any unpleasantness existing
or thai any has existed between the Na
tive Sons and the citizens' executive com
mlttee may cause a misapprehension In
the minds of Home people not conversant
with the" facts. Jt is but justice to the
gentlemen of the executive committee to
say that from the beginning the Na- i
live Sens hay.- received every assistance
at their hands that has been asked. When
we ask. ii for an appropriation of $2160 for
band music we were allowed $-500, and
that we did not use the whole appropria
tion is no reflection upon the generosity
of the executive committee. We were
asked to let the committee know what we
wanted, as it would cheerfully co-operate
With us in every way in its power to make
the :i4ght parade and the entire celebra
tion a success.
.Mr. Martin and Mr. Lawrence came he
fore our committee in regard to the pa
rade and stated that it was the unanimous
sense of the committee that we should
have full control and that we should
be given all the assistance we required.
Without such assistance the parade would
have fallen short of the success it |
achieved.
It was at my request that the commit
tee rode in the procession, and the enthu
siastic reception given the committee was
:i sufficient indication of the manner in j
which the people regarded its efforts.
] desire to say here that the committee ;
notified me that the Native Sons were i
authorized to secure carriages for the
Governor and his staff, but those gentle
men chose to make their own arrange
ments.  ,
To show that there was no feeling be
tween Mr. do Young and myself, I may
note that 1 asked the committee to pro
vide for certain expenses connected with
the turning out of discharged soldiers and
sailors The request was granted at once,
Mr de Young making the motion. Car- i
riages were also granted for those unable
to march and it was left to me to assign
them a place In the parade
I might relate further incidents were it
necessary. There has been no unkind or
carping criticism from any source except
from the evening paper mentioned. I saw
the proprietor of said paper personally
on Tuesday night and protested against
the injustice of the statement he permit
ted to be printed, yet on the following day ,
the paper willfully and maliciously re
peated the misstatements in even more
obnoxious terms.
At the meeting of the executive commit
tee this morning 1 appeared before it and
explained certain hills the Native Sons
1-id submitted which had not been item
ized My explanation was satisfactory,
and' all of the bills were ordered paid !
Without any exception. It was explained
to my perfect satisfaction that the com
mittee, being a trustee for the people,
feels the necessity of having its books
kept in such a way that every cent
huidled can be accounted for. and not a
dollar Is paid out for which there Is not
an itemized hill accompanied by a voucher ;
authorizing It.
I also wish to say emphatically that at
no time did the committee refuse to au
dit the hills of the Native Sons and Na
tive Daughters, nor was It intimated that
th.y might not be audited. The commit
tee merely requested that I or some other
authorized representative appear before it
and explain the nature of the unitemizod
bills tnat proper entries might be made
on the hooks of the committee. < ,
On behalf of the Native Sons and Native
Daughters, in recognition of the assist
ance rendered lo us. personally and finan- '
daily I wish to thank the citizens' execu
tive committee and the morning papers, i
the Chronicle, Call and examiner, for ,
their efforts, which were crowned with (
such unqualified success.^ pTSTOLEgi _ I
St. Brigid's Picnic.
The parishioners of St. Brigid's Church
will celebrate their fourth annual reunion
on Admission day by a picnic at Schuet
zf-n Park. A great many tickets have
been sold for the affair, and the commit
tees in char-re expect a large attendance.
In addition to the regular games and races
there will be a number of interesting and
amusing features. The Second Artillery
Regiment band will furnish music for
dancing, and a fiddler will also be In at
tendance for the benefit of those who en-
Joy jig dancing. Boats will leave the Tib
uron ferry at 9 and 11 a. m. and 12:35, 1:50
find 3:30 p. m. on Saturday. In addition t..
the regular trains a special will leave the
picnic grounds at 6:30 in tho evening.
GENERAL SIR REDVERS BULLER.
This veteran military leader will command the British forces in South
Africa in the event of war with the Boers.
' Cabinet's decision before taking such
! action, and even if he has it is hardly
, likely that his reply would bring niat
-1 ters to a head except by irritating the
Boers Into aggressive action.
DURBAN, Natal. Sept. 6.— A number
i of natives are applying to the authori
; ties for licenses to carry assegais. A
i relief committee has been formed here
: for the purpose of caring for refugees
', from the Transvaal.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 6.— Lieutenant
General Sir Frederick Forester Walker,
who relieves General Sir William Fran
cis Butler as commander of the British
troops in South Africa, arrived here to
day. He was met by cheering thou
sands and given a splendid reception.
KRUGER GIVES HIS
VIEW OF CONTROVERSY
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— ln response to
a message sent by the World on Tues
day last to Paul Kruger. President of
the South African Republic, the fol
lowing was received last night:
PRETORIA, Sept. 6.— To the World,
Died of Alcoholism.
Mrs. Mary Douglass died yesterday j
morning In" the boarding-house at 413 I
Stockton street, and her body was taken j
to the Morgue. She was a waitress in
the establishment and had been drinking j
heavily for years. An Inquest was held I
md the -fury "returned a verdict that death !
was caused by alcoholism. The husband \
3f th^ unfortunate woman lives in Scotia.
Mendocino County. I
AS A MAN SHOULD FEEL!
THERE SHOULD BE NO WEAKNESS.
THE NERVES SHOULD BE SOUND.
MUSCLES SHOULD BE STRONG.
THE MIND CLEAR.
THE EYES BRIGHT AND
SPARKLING WITH HEALTH.
It is possible for every man to feel like this. Weakness, loss of
memory, failure of the nerve and vital forces follow the loss of that
wonderful element of the nerves known as animal magnetism — or Elec-
tricity. It can be restored by
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
Ten thousand men and women praise this grand invention. Every
day some new convert to its remarkable powers lifts up his voice and
tells that he has been restored to health and happiness by it. Here ia
another late cure:
A Former Mayor's Evidence.
SAN JOSE, Cal.
DR. M. A. McUI'CtHMN.
Dear Sir: I want to add my testimony to your collection of evidence,
pointing out the value of your Kiectric Belt, which I have had for the
past ten years. It cured me of rheumatism years .. ;o, and I have since
found it a good thing for any sort of sickness. If a man has any trouble
aliout his kidneys or back it will cure him. It is an invigorator of great
power, and beats any medicine on earth. I can do you a groat deal of good
in this country, as I am well known here and in Kansas, where I was
Mayor of the city of Wichita. 1 will go out of my way to testify to the
fact that I know your Belt to be all you represent v. Yours truly.
JOHN B. CAREY, 26 South Eighth Street.
Do You Wish Further Proof?
FREE BOOK! The little book published by Dr. McLaughlin is full
of evidence, cures of people in every city in the West. It also has in-
formation of great value to those who have lost health by excesses or
Indiscretion, ft is free, closely sealed, by mail. Call and examine this
wonderful Belt and talk with Dr. McLaughlin about your trouble. Con-
sultation free and invited. Call or address
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, it v / d i{ a r^^r cor3pr^ r "' d co " : *
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sunday*. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
New York: I gladly accede to your re
quest to put the Boer side before the
American public. The present agitation
against this republic emanates partly
from a certain section of British residents
tn whom the existence of the republic,
which embraces the most flourishing- parts
of South Africa, is a standing eyesore,
and who suffer from the prevailing- Jingo
mania; partly, also, from mining capital
ists who. not content with having here the
best mining laws in the world, wish also
to have complete control of all legislation
and administration.
The franchise voting question was taken
up by England because it was thought the
republic would nut yield on that point.
Now. the altered franchise does not mate
rially differ from the American. It la
in many respects easier. The agita
tion has become much worse. The object
clearly Is the destruction of our republic
and the complete control of the richest
mines of the world. The press, entirely
controlled by capitalists, spreads unpre
cedented misrepresentation and prejudice
throughout the world against the Boer
republic. We are determined to defend
to the uttermost thru freedom and self
government for which our people have
shed blood in every part of Smith Africa.
Though we have no such powerful friend
as you proved to Venezuela and to other
republics, we have strong faith that th. j
cause of freedom and republicanism will
triumph in the end.
It Was Too Realistic.
OAKLAND, Sept. B.— Landers Stevens,
who takes a leading: part in "Tli
toroon," now being played at the Dewey
Theater, will hereafter require the actor
who flourishes a knife under the n^s.' of
the Indian (Stevens) to us.- a gilded paper
knife. Last night a genuine carver was
used and Mr. Stevens was badly cut under
the eye. In this detail the play is said to
have been too realistic.
56
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 7, 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
CATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IMS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
SLIVERED BY CARRIERS. IS CENTS PER WEEK.
Sir.pl* Copie*, 5 rents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postnps:
JIAII.Y •■- (Including Sunday Call), on« year 08.00
I'AiT.V CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months •'«■<><>
PAILT CALL (lacluGing Bund Call), I month* .... 1.50
PAILT CALL- By Slr.Rle Month <*•"*«
15UKDAT CALL "no Year J« 3O
\VEEKLY CALL One rear 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorized to recetvj subscriptions.
£an:ple copies v.ii! be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNEvSS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LIJKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Xl ill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 200 Hayes street, ooen until
£:30 o'clock 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Lcri\ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22^"' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open" until 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty
second end Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The liells."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.. .
Tlvcli— Vltomeo and Juliet."
Alcazar— "Christopher Jr."
Grand Opera-house— ''El Capitan."
Chutes, 7.00 and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninfi.
Olympla. " corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
t-utro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Shernikn-Clay Hall— Concert to-ninht.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This day. at 2:30 o'clock, Persian
»r.d Turkish Kut:». at 117 Sutler street.
tßy Eastbn, Eldridse A; Co.— Tuesday. September 12, at 12
o'clock. KfJil Estate, at C3S Market street.
THE ISSUE IN KENTUCKY,
U T HhA the embattled nosts in unio gci uiui
i ; up and mixed in the coming
hen the moi against the barrel oi
I roar- against the
n all the factions oi
: knives and go forth to procure
■ eir political lodj
• the storm center of the
■ .. the heavy black cloud that hangs
will descend almost every
Democratic vie-
er, the storm center is Ket:-
The darl I I ody ground is as ensan
tnd tl-.e noises that conic across the
1 order frighten cats. It is said more than a hundred
n sent into the State from
. iebel, and as the num
-■ equal to the num
uproar they produce
[all ■ ' *' - distance.
Simon Bolivar Buckner, stalwart and fear
clares the whole thing
gfight. He is reported to have recently dc
ii ■ . ■ tic party has no ticket in the
rle will not vote for John Young Brown, and
de he said: "Is I thought there were
my voting for Goebel I would bt
willing to cut my hand off and have some one else
cut m> ■ ' When asked what the result would
kner replied: "Taylor, the Republican candi
date, will ! but counted out. Goebel will
throw out thi votes that defeat him."
That is the way the campaign looks to an honest
man. It is likely, however, that Buckner underrates
■ c and the fervor of the Brown revolt. There
may be enough virtue in it to compel an honest count
even if it cannot elect its ticket. The importation of
SQere than a hundred orators and campaigners from
ether States to ; ebel appears like an evidence
that he is weakening at home and has begun to de
spair of the result.
FOURTH-CLASS POSTMASTERS
Rm Washington to the effect that
the fourth class postmasters, are arranging for |
gn in the next session of Con
•i-t r.iral mail delivery have given what ap
undue to many of our FCastem
i'\> to this time there lias been j
forthcoming no considerable evidence to attest the j
truth '. until such evidence is sub
il have much fait!; in them.
In ' o far as we know, there has been
little or no ' r I the free delivery of mail in
the rural districts where a trial lias been made with
the system. Some complaints have indeed been heard
by t ; ■ of village stores that the delivery in
jures their tra<i<\ inasmuch as farmers who formerly
• village merchants when they came to \
the postoffice for their mail now make a weekly trip |
to the neighboring town for their purchases, and the !
vill;,. 'Ie custom. E von such complaints,
however, are Few and Far between, and were moM
pronounced when the free delivery was begun than
they have been since the system has been fully tested
and " better understood.
however, there be any such plans as our Eastern
contemporaries announce and denounce, it will be
worth while to utter a note of warning to the pro
moter- of it. The free delivery of mail in thickly
d rural districts is one of the extensions of the |
■ 1 service the people justly demand. The experi- |
- they have been made under anything
like favorable conditions have been uniformly suc
il, and the system has proved of great benefit
''. the communities where applied. The postal ser
• - ■ lished and is nit maintained for the !
of fourth clasp postmasters, but for the con- i
I •cc of the public, and if any of them feel
rieved by the free delivery system it is in his !
power to resign the office.
There is no wonder that General Oti* can't capture j
Aguinaldo. The insurgent chief must be übiquitous, ;
for if the dispatches be correct he was cheered the
other day in New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
INTERNATIONAL LAW.
AT the meeting of the International Bar Associa
tion in Buffalo ex-Senator Manderson dcliv- j
ered an address to justify the Philippine cam
paign. The great need, among the imperialists, of
reasons and arguments in justification of an unde
clared war is shown by the eagerness with which they
seize upon Manderson's speech. His text was a de
cision of the United States Supreme Court, delivered
in 1833, in which that court recognized it as a settled
principle of the law of nations that "the inhabitants
of a conquered territory chance their allegiance, and
their relations to their former sovereigns are dis
-51 lived."
Admitting this, it has no application to the Phil
ippines. In the first place, we did not treat them
conquered territory. Neither in the protocol nor the
treaty were they considered as a conquest. When the {
Peace Commissioners met at Paris to make the treaty I
we occupied Manila and Cavite, and no more. Spanish .
jurisdiction had been ended byconquest. TheFilipii
had conquered the whole of Luzon except Cavite and
Manila, and all of Panay, Negros and Cebu, and, ac
cording to the doctrine of the court stated by
Manderson, their allegiance had passed from Spam
to such government as represented the conquerors of
those four islands. That was the government to
dfcich allegiance passed under the law of nations and
the decision of our own courts. The expulsion of
Spain and the change of allegiance to their own gov
ernment had been accomplished on August 14, 1898.
That government continued in administration of the
civil affairs of the four islands from that time, and
there were no disorders, breaches of personal or prop- j
erty rights, and the islands wove as peaceable as any
nation on the planet. This peace was not broken
until the military forces of the United States broke
it and the "pacification" became necessary.
The Filipino government -.mis as well organized
and far better equipped than was our revolution
government under the Continental Congress, and no
lawyer with a knowledge of international law can
dispute the proposition that legally and by the high
est law allegian to that government, and we
are in the islands simply upon an errand of conquesi
If Spam were in ;■< ssession of all the archipelago
until the treaty was ratified, and if the con
veyance of the Philippines were a "cession,! 1 we
were not asserting a conquest but wore making a
purchase and paying twenty millions for it. We were
buying a country of a/nation that did not own ; t. •
and therefore are compelled to wrest it from its right
ful owners by conquest.
It will be better for all parties when these farts r
admitted, for there will b< a general de-ire to go
ahead as rapidly as possible and complete a conquest
the value of which is now unknown and will remain
to be measured after peace comes. Senator Cai
and Colonel Denby, the Secretary of Agriculture and
many other im] ts, are better friend- of the an
nexation than the preachers who are bawling
about God on the tiring line and indulging in other
liemy of that sort. They defiantly admit that it
is a conquest for <'.ollars and cent--, and therefore I
blood spilled in it is not for the flag but for pelf.
Captain John S. Godfrey, who died the other day
at Pasadena, enjoyed a national reputation as a water
wizard because he invariably showed great signs of
distress at the proximity of water. If that were the
only standard established for national reputations we
I have to count the fortunate possessors by
legions.
If the gang of thieving conspirators, of Which
Augustus Howard appears to be the accomplished
leader, had as many individualities as they have ham* -
they would organize a formidable colony of crimina
JIMENES IN THE SADDLE
GENERAL JUAN ISIDOR JIMENES, with
twenty-seven trunks and a staff of fifty
armed men, ha* at last reached San Domingo
and fulfilled the promise of his manifesto, "The peu
ple want me and they shall have me." The leading
newspaper of tlr: capital has welcomed him with the
happy phrase: "The coming of General Jimenes
completes the evolution. There has been no revo
lution. It is safe to expect an immediate revival of
busiiK
All of these things are promising, but vague. It is
gratifying to know the people of San Domingo have
their Jimenes and that the long fell want is filled, not
by revolution, but by evolution; but there remains
a considerable uncertainty as to what t be next phase
of the evolution will be and what Jimenes will do for
the people and the people do for him when the shout
ing is over and business is resumed.
For the purpose of solving these doubts the New
York Post has interviewed a Mr. Grullon, the chief
agent of Jimenes in that city, and also another gent'e
man described as having been for twelve years i
partner of the general in the firm of Jimenes, Haus
tedt & Co. of Xew York. Both gentlemen are re
ported to have spoken ol the aspirations of the gen
eral* with considerable freedom, and they certainly
crave forth some interesting information. Mr. (inil
lon is quoted as saying: "The long and short of this
affair is — and it is an aspect which has not hitherto
been brought out — that this revolution is a white
man's effort to wrest from the colored element con
trol of the government Heureaux was a negro;
Figuereo is also a negro, and practically all the men
in power are negroes. In short, the negro is supreme
in the government, notwithstanding that the pure
whites of the island — that is, those descended from
Europeans and Indians— compose two-thirds of the
population. Rut negro rule might have been tolerable
had not the negroes virtually undertaken to drive the
whites out. By oppression,, confiscation, imprison
ment, murder, and what not, they have tried to make
the island a place a white man cou,ld not live in. The
white men. who comprise also the majority of the
educated, enlightened and liberal people, have con
cluded to take things into their own hands and insti
tute a decent government."
Upon hearing that surprising statement the re
porter naturally asked, "Then the civil war is really
on racial lines?" Whereupon we told both the
agent and the friend of Jimenes hastened to cry out:
"Oh, no, no. We cannot afford to -ay that. There
are too many negroes in the island, and some of them
are educated, good people."
We thus learn the evolution is a white man's revolt,
but not a racial revolt. Next some information was
given concerning the refations of Jimenes to the late
President Heureaux The "friend" said: "Jimenes
himself was on excellent terms with Heureaux. '1 he
latter has said to me, "I have nothing whatever
against Jimenes; I wish he would come here; I will
do everything 1 can to help him.' Hut Jimenes knew
better than to take Heureaux at his word. They were
on most excellent terms, but Jimenes was the only
Dominican whom Heureaux feared at the head of a
revolution, and so he didn't really want him around
in any active capacity."
The business dealings between the two are thus
described: "Jimcne? built a canal, diverted a river
to its old mouth at Monte Christi, reclaimed a large
logwood district from swamps, and in return received
from the government a title to all the district. Then
Jimenes exported logwood, and it was the foundation
of his fortune. By and by Jimenes wrote to Heur
caux that he could no longer make such profits on his
logwood unless the export duties were reduced.
Heureaux accordingly reduced them, and Jimenes
again exported at a great profit. It was throughout
a perfectly businesslike and legitimate transaction.
* * * By and by Jimenes found that he had given
Heureaux ?200,000, and that the latter was demanding
more. He felt that he had reached the limit of his
generosity in this direction, and he refused to give
again. Then he and Heureaux ceased to be such
cordial friends as they had been."
That much of information we obtain from the agent
and the friend of the new President. The rest is
known to fame. Jimenes having decided to give
Heureaux no more money, retired from the reach of
his persuasive friendship. The process of evolution
rked along until Heureaux was assassinated, and
the people wanted Jimenes and got him. Business
will now revive. The logwood trade will nourish
again.
Mining at Keswick appears to be an expensive
luxury. A man was shot dead the other day for filing
en a claim the value of which is considered to be ex
cessive at $i.
THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY DISPUTE.
ONCE more the Alaskan boundary arises out of
the obscuring fogs of diplomacy and shows a
clear outline. It is announced there are good
prospects that arrangements will soon be completed
for determining a temporary line between Alaska and
Canada which will put an end to the conflict of au
thority in the disputed territory until diplomacy at
j its leisure and without disturbance can settle the
whole controversy.
Secretary Hay is reported to be very much grati
fied with the terms agreed upon. It is said he has
convinced Great Britain of the impregnable charac
ter of the position he has assumed and that Great
Britain's friendliness for this country has caused her
t'> make concessions which enable an agreement to be
reached as to the location of the temporary line. The
proposed line will be located at the fork of Chilkat j
River, just above the Indian village of Kiuckwan. j
Other points where the line will be located were
ed upon some months ago and are not under
discussion at this time. The effect of the location of
the boundary line as fixed by the Secretary and prac
tically agreed to by Great Britain will be that the en
tire Lynn Canal will be under American control and
: that Canada will not. under the temporary agreement,
have a port on that waterway.
There is. however, a little fly in the ointment of
that pleasing statement. It appears all of these ex
cellent arrangements are to stand "unless Canada
interposes obstacles." Who shall guarantee that
Canada will not interpo-e obstacles? The Govern
ment of the Dominion is in the position of a small
boy who has a chance to talk big to larger boys with
out danger of getting whipped. Being fairly well
assured the United States and Great Britain will not
go to war over any disturbance Canada can make,
the politicians of the Dominion have been inclined to
profit by their security to make a grand demonstra- ;
tii m of firmness in upholding the claims of Canada
against the aggressions of the United States and the
indifference of the Salisbury Ministry.
Sooner or later, however, the Canadians must come
to their senses, and it may be they have about reached
' that point. Certainly their politicians have done
enough fur campaign purposes. They have thrown
salt "i: the eagle's tail time and again and have hurled i
defiance across the border for months with a roar like
that of Niagara. It i- now time for them to get
down to business. There are many questions of im
portance to be arranged between the two countries. ■
;:r,u nothing can be done to <ettle them until the dis- !
pined boundary be at least temporarily determined
-< that there will be no danger of conflict along the
line. That fact may have some effect in moderating
the Canadian demand for a port on Lynn Canal.
Therefore it is not wholly improbable the Dominion
statesmen may abandon their useless contention and
permit the agreement now announced to be carried
out without further trouble.
The Austrian diplomat who i~ trying to find out
| whether or not he has been insulted by General Roget
| of the French general staff would save himself a whole
lot of trouble by consulting his bank account.
KAISER WILLIAM'S AMBITION.
A WRITER who conceals his identity under the
title "Ignotus" contributes to the August num
ber of the National Review an interesting ar
ticle on the relations between France and Germany,
in which he seeks to explain the motive of the
Kaiser in trying to conciliate the French. The article
shows the author has given considerable study to the
situation, and the theory he sets up has at any rate
the 'attraction of novelty.
A sentence is quoted from the Universal History of
Count Yorck yon Wa'rtenburg, to the effect there
are only four great powers in the world — the United
States, Great Britain, Russia and "Central Europe
under the hegemony of Germany." At the present
time there is no such power as "Central Europe," but
i f is ciainied the Kaiser and the statesmen of Germany
i are trying their best to establish one.
The writer says: "In this connection the, at first
sight, almost unintelligible policy of the Kaiser
toward the United States acquires a new significance.
What, asks the puzzled bystander, had he to gain by
unnecessarily quarreling with a state of such gigan
tic strength? The answer is that he wished to as
sume the position of the champion of Europe against
the transmarine powers. To Europe the United
States before 1898 appeared like some huge and
drowsy monster, which spent all its energy in nib
bling the lion's tail during its rare moments of wake
fulness. No one objected much to this. But when
the beast shook itself and planted one paw on the
Spanish possessions in the West Indies and another
on the Philippines it became an object of real terror
to European statesmen." The Kaiser was prompt to
seize the moment of alarm to step forth as the Pro
tector of Europe — not that he intended any serious
conflict with the United States, but solely because he
wished all Europe to took to Germany for leadership.
The policy described in the article appears fantas
tic, but it is by no means an ignoble one. Europe
has nothing to fear from the United States, but it may
have something to fear from Russia, and the building
up of a great power on that continent under the
virile leadership of Germany would be a good thing
not only for Europe but for the world. It is quite
possible some such ambition may be in the brain of
the Kaiser. At any rate he is acting wisely in con
ciliating the French and making ready to meet any
emergency that may arise. A world divided between
the four powers, United States. Great Britain, Ger
many and Russia, is something quite possible in the
frture, and even at this time the subject is interesting
as a speculation.
"IS SUICIDE A SIN "-IN POLITICS?
SAYS PENSION COMMISSIONER EVANS
IS A FAITHFUL PUBLIC OFFICER
Editor of The Call: Allow me, a member of the Grand Army, through your
valuable columns to enter my protest against the effort now being made by mem
bers of the Grand Army to remove from office Pension Commissioner H. Clay
Evans. It is evident by the Commission' r's !:st report that he fearlessly and with
fidelity discharged the duties of his high office. Millions of dollars are being paid
out annually to men who have secured pensions through fraud.
Hy the system adopted by Mr. Evans the money expended in his department
during the past year was cut down ST.."-"". 1 "". and many of the pension attorneys
are disgruntled and go mourning about the streets. Many Grand Army men have
been misled by the plausible representations of the attorneys into hostility to the
Commissioner.
There are in force at the present time 001.M9 pensions, including those of the
Spanish-American war. Thirty-seven thousand and seventy-seven new pensions
during the year have been Issued. There was a ret reduction of 21^">. This is the
first decrease since the Civil War. and It is not attributable to losses by death
but to a vigorous system of examining claims.
Therefore, let the good work go on, and I believe e^ery man who is entitled to
a pension will receive it, and that the attack upon the Commissioner is a mer
o nary one. J- L. LYON,
San Francisco, Sept. 6, '
Here's a Chance for Mr. Burns.
Sacramento B< •
Tt would be a lino thing in Burns, and
would give evidence of devotion to the
State ami the Republican party, were he
to renounce his Senatorial aspirations,
either with or without an understanding
that the other Senatorial candidates
whose names were before the Legislature
last winter would do likewise. Then tin.'
Governor could confidently call an extra
session in the assurance that it would
:;t leasi result in the choice of Bomebody.
Were tin question left m the people, :t
is not unlikely that they would prefer a
vacancy in the Senatorship to the cost
of aii extra session and all the possibili
ti.s of ..vil that arise when Legislators
assemble to tinker with the statutes.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. T5. Dean of Stanford is registered at
tin- California.
H. H. Corbett, a wealthy oil man of
Fresno, is staying at the Russ.
A. T. J. Reynolds, an extensive rancher
of Walnut Creek, is at the Grand.
■William Jennings Bryan arrived at the
California yesterday from Sacramento
Judge J. A. Stanly has come flown
from his home in Napa and . is at the
Pala ■'•.
Fred H. Dakin of the Uncle Sam mine?.
In Shasta. County, is a guest at the
Palace.
D. R. Oliver, a prominent mining man
of Sonora, is among the late arrivals at
the Lirk.
T.. W. Blinn, one of the most prominent
capitalists of Los Angeles, is registered at
the l'niaoe.
Dr. Q. D. Marvin, one of the lending
medical men of Blue Lakes, is a guest at
the Grand.
J. S. Robinson, a well-known fruit man
of St. Helena, is among the late arrivals
at the Lick.
Dr. Edward G. Parker, U. S. X.. Is stav
ing at the Occidental, where he arrived
last evening.
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Cooley have come
up from Menlo Park and are staying at
the Occidental.
Jnm."; Judge, an official of the Prihilof
Islands In the Bering Sea, is a guest at
the Occidental.
Knox MaddOX, well known attorney and
wealthy capitalist of San Jose, is staying
at the Occidental.
George W. and W. H. Harvey, two min
ing men of Shingle, are among the re
cent arrivals at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Denike have come
up from San Jose to make a short stay
In tin- city and are at the Palace.
T. S. Ansly, a wealthy mining man of
Carson. Nevada, is one of those who ar
rivd in the city yesterday and went to
the Rubs.
Dr. *j. A. N.~>yes. physician nf the Alaska
Commercial Company in Alaska, is regis
tered at the Grand where he arrived yes
terday morning.
W. F. Purnoll, one of the leading mer
chants of Sacramento, and YV. YV. Middle
rough, an attorney of Stockton, are both
registered at the Lick.
W. J. Trask, one of the leading attor
neys and most influential politicians, of
Los Ai.geles, is registered at the Grand
tor a liui'.' stay in the city.
Among those who have lately arrived at
the Palace is Mrs. K. H. Warde, widow
of the late general manager of the Santa
Fe Bystena in Southern California. She is
on a visit to the city from Coronado
where she has been spending the summer.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. C— G. Gerst rind E.
A. Gerst of Pan Francisco are at the Marl
borough; Dr. J. Medbury of San Francisco
is at the Plaza; Mrs. M. L. Powers and
Miss Angle B. Donovan of San Francisco
arc at the Westminster; F. Mandelhaum
of San Francisco is at the Empire; J. O.
Harly of San Francisco is at the Bay
State.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Sept. G.--Cha les Nel
son of San Francisco is at the Arlington;
11. D. Morse of San Francisco is at the
New York World
Wellington; Senator-elect Foster of
Washington is at the Arlington.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RUSSIAN EMPIRE-G. D. G., City. Ac
cording to the latest statistics the popu
lation of the Russian Empire is 129,211,
--113. _
THREE COINS— A. J., City. There is
no premium on either a half-dollar of ISIS
or \K)3 and none on a cent of IS6O having
on it the head of an Indian.
COIN CATALOGUES— O. L. Z.. Oak
land. Cal. Any first-class bookseller can
procure for you coin catalogues which
give the values placed on coins.
THE GOLDEN GATE— C. H., City.
Ther^ is no ship afloat that cannot enter
the Golden Gate at San Francisco at any
time, or in other words, that has to wait
outside for the tide to rise in order to
pass through.
ESCORT— M. A. S.. City. In escorting
a lady to a Beat in the theater the gen
tlem.in should always precede the lady.
On the gentleman devolves the duty of
asking about seats and he follows the
usher, the lady follows her escort and
when the seats are reached he stands to
allow the lady to reach her seat and then
follows her.
RUNNING -AND TROTTING— II. J.
Me, Tinemaha, Inyo County, Cal. The
best running record (horse) for one mile,
up to December 1. IS9S, is held by Salvator,
4-year-old, in 1890, time 1:37%. The best
trotting record is 1-year-old, Pansy Mc-
Gregor, in harness, 2:23"! i: 2-year-old,
I Arion. 2:V)%: 3-year-old. Fantasy. 2:06; 4
year-old, Dlreetum, 2:05 1 4: 5-year-old, Bin-
I gen :md Ralph Wilkes, each 2:06 3 i; 6-year
: old. 2:03%.
OLD COINS— C. X., Independence. Or.
The department of Answers to Corre
spondents does not deal in old coins. It
BBHBBESKBBfISfIBBfIBBBBfiBSaBSBBBSGIHBSSBIIBEBBQI
i_: : ,
! FROM SOCIETY SWELL
\ TO PAUPER.
{ The man who introduced the Prince of
j Wales to New York society belles is now
• in one of our charitable institutions.
i ' WHICH WILL WIN?
] - Complete .'story .of the contest for the
] fid America's cup. ,
■ IB 3 • . "- . . ; ' : . .-..,■
! THE GREATEST WINERY IN
i Next AMERICA.
I YOM KIPPUR.
I 4it iTS t\ ''fe * / G? Its signification to the Jews.
oulludy b
i THE GIRL BACHELORS OF
! fait SAN FRANCISCO.
i v^Cßiß* ,, . , .
j • * • Who they are and how they enjoy their
independence.
! = STORIES OF THE GAMP.
i September 10, A boy who "beat his way to Manila
i to nurse his sick brother. and a Colo-
-5 1899. ' rado volunteer who has fallen heir to
I $4,000,000.;
| PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA,
! y, Who will visit San Francisco.
MM
! l__J
| c_2s
I FICTION. FASHIONS AND HOUSEHOLD
[ . i ;. AFFAIRS. .j;
furnishes obtainable information in rela
tion to such. Dealers in coins offer a pre
mium of from 15 cents to $1 f.o for a silver
dollar of 17W. They sell such at an ad
vance of $1 25 to $5 50 above the face
value.
STAGE TRAlNlNG— Subscriber, Ala
meda. Cal. There are a number of per
sons in San Francisco who train people
for the stage, but this department cannot
advertise them. If you will send a self
addressed and stamped envelope to this
department a list will be forwarded by
mail.
BOYS IN THE NAVY— W. P., City.
There is no rule of the Navy Department
that requires that boys who wish to en
list in the navy shall have been pupils
of the public schools, but it requires that
they shall be able to read and write. For
information as to rules for admission to
the training school for boys address a
communication to the commander of the
Pensacola, Goat Island, San Francisco
Bay.
Subscriber, City. The "in
trinsic value of a 3-cent unused stamp,
George "Washington series," is just 3
cents, for a postage stamp issued by the
United States Government is always
worth its face, value until it is used. "A
10-cent used stamp" has no intrinsic
value Possibly by "intrinsic" you mean
premium. Without knowing the color of
the stamps referred to in the letter of
inquiry it is Impossible to state what the
value is Correspondents writing about
stamps should fully describe the same.
WEAK LUNGS— A. 8., San Rafael. Cal.
It is claimed that the climate of South
ern California is benellcial to persons af
fected with weak lungs because the at
mosphere is clear, allowing the full force
of the sun's rays, and because at the
same time the dryness has a compensat
ing effect by taking up the moisture from
the system, and the further fact that the
temperature is uniform. As to what part
of the section of the State is best for
those affected with weak lungs depends
upon conditions, some individuals re
quiring an exceedingly dry atmosphere
and others one in which there is a little
moisture. These places that are in prox
imity to the ocean are not as beneficial
to such patients as localities farther in
the interior. The sudden climatic
changes in the Philippines render them
an undesirable place for persons whose
lungs are weak. A person seeking a suit
able place to take up a residence in on
account of weakness of lungs should, be
fore deciding, consult a first-class phy
sician, who will be able to suggest which
is the most suitable locality.
■ ■» •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Towns*nd's.*
—■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Bie: Carero of Sealskins.
The steam schooner Del Norte arrived
in port yesterday from Dutch Harbor,
Alaska, with 1t", .912 sealskins on board,
which is regarded as a very good season's
catch.
Anfrostura Bitters, prepared by Dr. J. G. B.
Sießert for his private use, has become famous
as the best appetizing tonic.METHODISTS MEET
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Opening of California
Conference.
A GOOD REPRESENTATION
OFFICERS AND STANDING COM
MITTEES ELECTED.
Afternoon Session Devoted to the
Anniversary Exercises of the
Conference of the Ladies'
Aid Society.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 6.— With the
usual solemn ceremony that marks the
opening of a conference, so Impressive
to those who witness it as well as those
' who participate in the sacrament of
holy communion, the California confer
ence entered upon its forty-seventh an
nual session to-day.
The present conference opens under un
usually favorable circumstances, and an
absence of that bustle and unsettled
condition that is customary among the
members the opening day was very no
ticeable to-day, and conference delegates
tay this is due to the admirable enter
tainment arrangements planned and car
ried out by Dr. Thomas Filben, superin
tendent of Pacific Grove.
The conference was called to or: at
5:45 a. m. for the first business session.
Bishop W. X. Nir.de of Detroit, Mich.,
head of the Epworth young people's
movement In America, presiding. After
a few opening remarks by Bishop Ninde
the roll was called by last year's secre
tary, a. H. Needham, 17s members an
swering.
Conference officers were then elect-;*}
as follows: Secretary, A. H. Needham,
Oakland; assistants, L. M. Bur well, G.
M. Richmond; statistical secretary, H. J.
Winsor; treasurer, Thomas Filben, Pa
cinc Grove; assistants. J. T. Murrish,
Lorenzo Fellars; railroad secretary, W.
P. Grant; postmaster, C. F. Coy.
Other routine business was completed
and standing committees elected, the
chairman ol" which are:
Auditing, S. M. Woodward; auditing
Chinese and Japanese accounts. W. S.
Urmy; Bible course, \V. H. Wythe Jr.;
book" accounts. J. D. Hammond; Chinese
missiorre, E. ■M. Hill; church extension,
J. P. Macauley; conference entertain
ment, Thomas Filben; conference rela
tions. T. H. Woodward; education, A.
H. Hanson; Epworth League, E. P.
Dennett; evangelistic, J. £. Wright;
Iranian's aid. T. A. AtKlnson; Japan
ese missions, F. D. Bovard; ladles'
aid. C. F. Withrow; ministerial quali
fications, H. B. Heacock; missions,
Jumt-s Williams; orphanages, John
Coyle; Sabbath observance, J. A. B. Wil
eon; Sunday-school Union, H. O. Edson;
temperance. W. C. Evans; Woman's
Hume Missionary Society, C. E. Rich;
Woman's Foreign Missions, Alfred Kum
mer; Brutherheod of Travel, J. D. Ham
mond; exemption of churches from taxa
tion. F. D. Bovard; state of the country,
E. R. Dille.
Ofiii ers and committees began serving
immediately upon election. The com
mittee on memoirs appointed Dr. W. W.
Case, presiding elder of the San Fran
cisco district, and Dr. H. 1.. Htacock of
fc'anta Clara, to deliver a eulogy- in
memory of Bishop John P. Newman, late
Bishop of California, and Dr. F. F.
Jewell.
Friday at 10 a. m. was set as the time
for the election of delegates from this
conference to the general conference of
lwo in Chicago.
The afternoon was devoted to the an
niversary exercises of the conference of
the Ladies' Aid Society and Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society, and at 8
p m. Rev. Dr. J. W. Hamilton, national
secretary of the Methodist [man's
Aid movement, addressed the conference
on his department of the church's work.
NEW MONETARY RATIO
FIXED IN SAN DOMINGO
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don nett.
POKTU PLATA, via Hayti, Sept. 6.—
The Provisional Government has decreed
that all duties shall be paid in gold or
Dominican silver at the rate of six silver
dollars for one dollar in gold. Paper
money is not excepted. Merchants have
protested on the ground that as they have
been obliged to receive it the Government
must take a certain percentage of it for
duties.
Jlrrenes left with a large accompaniment
of followers to visit towns in the interior.
He is going to Sanshez to take a Domini
can warship and then sail for the capital,
where the Provisional Government is lo
cated.
General Imbert was installed in the
palace to-day as Provisional Governor of
MINING COMPANY SUES.
Objects to a Heavy Raise in Its
Assessment.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 6.— The Union
Mining Company of San Francisco, own
er of the Union mine near El Dorado, in
this county, has begun proceedings
against the Board of Supervisors of this
county and cited them to-day to show
-••"why the order passed at a recent
meeting of the board a? a Board of Equal
ization raising the company's assessment
en the mine from $12,500 to $100,000
should not be declared void. The
Union mine, formerly owned by Haywar.ls
& Lane and known at that time as the
Springfield, is one of the richest producers
in this county.
A. strong effort was made this year to
incre-sae the assessment to $400,000 in view
of its wv»ll known value, but the board
finally concluded to make the raise $103,000.
w ys strictly FHESH — w
CRUISER DETROIT ORDERED TO PROTECT
AMERICAN INTERESTS IN VENEZUELA.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— Orders were issued by Acting
Secretary Allen late this afternoon to Commander Hemphill, commanding the cruiser Detroit, directing him
to proceed with his vessel to La Guayra for the purpose of providing protection to- American interests In
Venezuela. This action was taken by the Navy Department in compliance with the request of Secretary Hay,
who has received unofficial information from Caracas, showing that a turbulent condition of affairs exists In
the republic and that an outbreak is Impending, and that it is desirable that a warship should be In Venezuelan
waters to- protect Americans and their interests. Commander Hemphill has been given usual instruction to commu
nicate with Mr. Russell, Charge d' Affaires of the United States at Caracas and to co-operate with him to protect
American interests.
It was stated this afternoon by Senor Pulido, Charge d'Affaires of the Venezuelan Legation, that he had no in
formation indicating that there was any danger of an Insurrection. In fact all information received bo far indicated
that the revolutionists in Los Andos province had been defeated and their leader, General Castro, had fled to the
The Government has sent a military expedition to capture Castro and the Insurgents still with him. Mr. Pulido
doubts the reports that the revolution has assumed a serious character in the vicinity of Caracas, as he says it
has been confined up to this time to the mountains.
RECORD BROKEN
AT STATE FAIR
Largest Attendance in
Ten Years.
Special Pi«patch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— To-nlghf g at
tendance at the Pavilion was the largest
r.ig-hter In the history of the State
Fair in ten years. There were 80 many
people there that no one cared to venture
to say how many parsed through the
turnstiles. It seems that the fair from
every point of view is getting better as
the -='-• The big Exposition
Hail ■■•a unusually animated ap
,:.ce. Everybody kept moving during
the tni '. hardly an exhibit
was overlooked by the spectators, s>.>
eager were they to feast their eyes on the
le displays. The experience of
to-night is highly gratifying to the dlrect
■ s- •.•• Agricultural Society, the
citizens' commltl I others In any
way -.-. it h the fair.
The musical Wlllards and the Flying
Banvards again delighted the spectators
-ir entrancing music and difficult
trapeze act*. Littie Ollie Frost or San
:-med a charming sleighbell
dance, much to the delight of t ro
tators, who were liberal in their applause.
Kxquisite music was rendered on the eu
.- ;m by F. Klutz, the prin'
on that instrument in the States.
• Cakewalk was the principal event
of the evening, and the spectators in the
rica and on the floor of the Pa
crowded about the music stand in dense
sea to obtain a good view of the per
rs. Those who participated in the
walk were little Ollie Frost of San
Jose and Alma Ferris of Oakland.
and Cora Muddox of Sacramento, Eugene
Coffin and Lola Frost, who won the .
state championship medal at San .
and Frank E. Gassaway and :-
Naghel of Sacramento. Little B
Mangels, In a gorgeous but pretty
tume, acted as drum major. Each couple
was given a proportionate share of ap
plause by the spectators at the beginning
and end of the individual performances.
The medal for seniors was ay
Eugene Coffin and Lola Frost, a:. I I
: for the juniors to little Ollie Frost
and Alma Ferris.
To-morrow afternoon the exposition
band will render several extra -
and special features will be provided for
the entertainment of women and chil
dren. Little Ozark will execute a number
of difficult and entertaining contortion
feats.
There will be a fancy dance by Little
Claire Mayo of Sacramento and M
Harry Mangels will sing "Hello. Mah
with refrain from the gall<
Alma Ferr - w - ttg "Just One I
On the Tree" and Eugene Coffin an>.
■ will sing "My Gal From Honolulu.
_ Mclntosh of San Francisco will
jive a bucfc i Ing dance.
To-morrow night will tie Odd Fellows"
r.lght. and there will be a parade on the
principal streets, a drill at the Pavilion by
the Canton and a reception by the ■■
and daughters of Odd Fellows to their
friends also in the Pavilion. The members
of the California Press Association will ue
given a reception in the Pavilion to-mor
rr.w night by the States Fair Directors
and the citizens' committee. William
Jennings Bryan, who will be in the city
to-morrow, will be escorted to the Pavil
ion by the Iroquois Club in the evening
and will make a short non-partisan
SDeech.
CREW OF THE SATURNUS
HELD BY THE FILIPINOS
Captured Officers and Seamen Well
Treated by the Island
Insurgents.
VICTORIA, B. C Sept. 6.— According to
mail advices received from Manila by
the steamer Glenogle, the officers, crew
and passengers of the looted steamer
Saturnus are safe and uninjured at Tar
lac, which is supposed to be the rebel cap
ital city, as Aguinaldo and his staff make
their headquarters there.
The American, published by the united
States soldiers at Manila, says the cap
ture of the Saturnus by tne Filipinos was
the result of plans carefully laid and car
ried out by the insurgents, who were fully
aware that a large amount of ready cash
?nd a valuable cargo was on board. They
needed "oil" for their political machinery,
a« well as for the lamps, so the cash came
as handy as the petroleum that the
steamer carried. The Saturnus was fully
insured against loss, even the risk of war,
in a big English company, and the Com
pania Marltam. the owners of the vessel.
v ill not be great losers.
Thr- prisoners were all under guard at
Tarlac. and according to reports which
r->a< h-d Manila were being well treated
f the insurgents.
SEARCH FOR THE
SKELETON IS FUTILE
SAN JOSE. Sept. Sheriff Lang-ford
has discontinued his search for the skele
ton supposed to be that of Murderer Dun
ham, which a Vlsalia resident named
Keener says he found in the Pachaco
Pass.
This evening the Sheriff telephoned from
Las Banos that he had searched the
country for miles without avail and would
return home in the morning.
INDICATIONS OF OIL.
San Luis Obispo County Fields Will
Be Developed.
PAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 6.— San Luis
Ob'ppo County is soon to start a new in
ilustry and the outlook Is bright for its
wonderful development. B. Chandler of
Lot Angeles and A. B. Hasbrouck of Ar
royo Grande have located on a 1200-acre
tract of mining land on the Arroyo
Grande rancho, and capital and experi
ence will be brought into the country for
the purpose of developing oil.
Mr. Cnandler went to Santa Barbara
'•pterday. after two weeks spent in San
Luis Oblspo and vicinity. He has
].'o?pectlnK for oil and says the county
promises some of the best oil land in the
State. At several plaet-s within a tew
miles of thie city Mr. Chandler found evi
dence of the presence of oil.
Transmitting Electricity
SACRAMENTO. Sept. b.— Sacramento is
irreasfully using to-day electric power
mined sixty-five miles over alumi
v.irt-8, from Brown's VaHey, above
svllle. It is the first installment of
rsepower sent by the North Yuba
onipany under contract with the Sacra
• , Electric, Gas and Railway Com
pany of this city, and supplements the
power already u.sed transmitted here from
Newcastle a r <i Folsom, Under the con
tract lour thousand more horsepower is
to follow.
Send the SUNDAY CALL to |
'• your friends abroad — wrapped |
X ready for mailing, 5c per copy. $:
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1899.
WORKERS IN TIE
FIELD OF CHARITY
Session of Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 6.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Soci
ety held its rirst active business session
to-day. The Grand Council was swelled
by a number of new arrivals.
The morning session was opened
by Grand President Mrs. Margaret Deane.
who gave her report. She has visited,
nearly every branch. In the State and was
only prevented from visiting others by ill
c reports every branch as flour
rwo new branches have been or
: ..ing the year in Los Angeles,
but have not yet allied themselves with
the Grand Council. A vast amount of
charitable work has been done, and homes
have been - ired for many children dur
ing the ;. -.ar. ijuring the coming year it
is the purpose to establish a home for
young women in San Francisco similar to
that of the Young Women's Christian As
bo elation.
Miss .uargaret Curtis, grand secretary,
reported as follows: Visits to the needy,
2254; visits to the sick, 3OSS; physicians'
visits, 2*3; children for whom homes have
been found, 4o; homes found for ajjed per
sons, 4'J; individuals assisted, 1321; fami
lies assisted, i2iid; persons in families as
sisted, Soi>s; employment found for 330;
pieces of old clotning distributed, Sslt>;
Dooks, papers and magazines distributed,
7140; visits to hospitals, 453; visits to alms
house, 114; cash distributed, *^il*> bO; pro
visions, JoOIT 46; medicine, $11105; fuel,
$235 19; new clothing, *000 iy. Total amount
distributed, $0417.
Rev. John F. Cassin of Santa Rosa sent
greetings and regrets. He testified to the
good accomplished by the Santa Rosa
Dranch and hoped the twelfth annual
Grand Council wouid impart renewed en
ergy to charity. Mrs. D. F. Ragan of San
Francisco sent regrets at not being able to
be present. Miss Jennie Drury, district
deputy, also sent best wishes.
The report of the truste.es of the Del Mar
Home was very encouraging. The trus
tees are Mrs. Mary Carr, Mrs. M. Deane,
Mrs. William Molloy, Mrs. J. J. McDade,
Mrs E. S. Code, Miss Bessie Gallagher,
Mrs. John Raflerty, Mrs. D. R. Largier.
Miss Julia Webber. Miss Jennie Mitchell,
Mrs. Samuel McFadden, Miss Julia Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. J. H. Logan. Mrs. P. J.
White. Mrs. Philip Fay. Mrs. J. D. Sulll
van, Mrs. P. A. McDonald and Mrs. M. J.
Miss' Julia Webber of Stockton. Miss
Corina Pacheco of Santa Clara and Miss
M. Kirk were placed on the committee on
grand reports.
The ladies were very pleasantly enter
tained at the hotel last evening, The pro
gramme was as follows: Vocal duet,
"Till We Meet Again," Mrs. M. J. Breen
and Miss Emma Russell; piano solo. Miss
Isabel Largier; vocal solo, "Old Virginia
Home," Miss Lillie Byrne; vocal solo,
"The Holy City," Miss Emma Russell;
fancy dance. Mrs. J. J. Gonzalez and Miss
M Bvrne. The grand finale was a cake
walk *by Miss Ullie Byrne. Miss Margue
rite Garretty and Miss Alice McGinney.
The evening closed with a social dance.
The following letter was received from
Grand President St. Sure of the Young
Men's Institute:
Mrs Margaret Dearie. Grand President or
the Catholic Laril»s' Aid Society— Dear Mrs.
Deane: In the name of the officers and mem
bers of the Young Men's Institute we beg- to
extend to the Grand Council of the Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society our slncerest wishes tor a
successful session. At all times appreciative of
the noble and self-sacrificing work which your
society so earnestly and so well fostered, the
hospitality extended during our recent Grand
Council has strengthened the bond which
should unite us In catholic endeavor and we
trust that your efforts In the cause of charity
will receive deserved co-operation at the hands
of the members of the Institute whenever and
wherever opportunity presents. Assuring you
of our highest regard, we have the honor to
remain, very truly yours,
A. F. ST. SURE. Grand President.
GEO. A. STANLEY, Grand Secretary.
INHERITANCE TAX LAW
IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Decision by Judge York in the
Superior Court of Los
Angeles.
PASADENA. Sept. 6.— ln the Superior
Court of Los Angeles to-day Judge York
declared the inheritance tax law uncon
stitutional. The case was that of Miss
Fannie Bixby of this city, who sued to
have the valuation of an annuity reduced.
Mrs. Mary E. Howard, deceased, left
Miss Bixby the interest at 7 per cent on
$5000, the principal to go to gome educa
tional institution. The Insurance Com
missioner figured that Miss Bixby, now
over 60. would live long enough to make
her annuity worth $2900. The inheritance
tax is 5 per cent. Judge York ruled that
such a law is unconstitutional. Judge J.
H. Merriam of this city, attorney for Miss
Bixby, received the decision to-day.
CHICO SCHOOL TROUBLES.
Professor Hitter Will Bring Suit for
Reinstatement.
CHICO. Sept. 6.— Ex-President O. M.
Ritter yesterday morning appeared at the
Normal School and demanded that Presi
dent Van Liew turn over the management
of the institution to him.
Professor Ritter was informed that
President Van Liew felt he had been
legally elected and wouid hold his posi
tion untii ousted by decree of court. Rit
ter intimated that he would commence
legal proceedings to regain the presidency
of the school.
Killed by a Train.
CROCKETT. Sept. 6.— John Kump,
formerly of Alvarado, vras run over and
instantly killed by the westbound San
Rasiona local passenger tra'.n here this
evening. He was on the track, apparently
watching the yard engine standing near
by. and did not notice the approaching
train, which suddenly rounded the curve,
running him down before it could be
stopped. Deceased was about 50 years of
age. a native of Germany, and employed
in tl'.o Fiipar refinery here. He leaves a
widow and one daughter.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J N nan. 1017-108 Mission.
A Nsw Parlor.
A new parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West was Instituted Mon
day in Franklin Hall on Fillmore street
by Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, £). r>. G. P., i
assisted by Mamie Richter as past grand
president and Lizzie Douglass, past grand
treasurer, as grand marshal. Among the
many visitors from all the locai parlors
were Grand Secretary Mrs. Georgle C
Ryan and Past Grand President Miss Mac
B. Wilkin. The new parlor has been named
the Darina. and starts with a charter list
of thirty-five. The following- named officers I
were Installed for thi' current term: An
nie Mocker, past president: Minnie Kal
loch. president; Jennie ("reighton, Norma
Dagenals and Etta Haekmier. vice presi
dents: M. Ziegler, marshal; Mabel Benia- i
mm. treasurer; Hannah Bailey, financial
secretary-; Lucia Hammerschmidt. record
ing secretary: L!da Carroll, inside senti
nel; Lottie McDouffall, outside sentinel. i
MURDERERS OF
DAVIS CONFESS
Robbery the Motive for
the Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIEI.D, Sept. 6.— Kern County
jail certainly holds the men— Francisco
Duarte and Pedro Barragan— who mar-
dered Barber John C. Davis on October
18, 1897. The fact developed to-day at the
preliminary hearing of Barragan.
Some time ago Duarte made a confes
sion at Hanford that Barragan told him
he killed Davis for robbery when he was
traveling and stealing with Barragan.
To-day Duarte repeated the story in
court. John E. Malcom of Ventura
County also swore that Barragan told
him he had killed Davis." The testimony
disconcerted Barragan. When the mur
dered man's widow took the stand Barra
gan broke down and shed tears. After be
ing held to answer and returned to Jail
Barragan went to pieces and on request
was returned to court and coolly told the
details of the cold-blooded killing. He
made out Duarte to be the instigator and
guilty one. He told how they arrived
rrm' Hanford on stolen horses about an
hour before the killing, and after getting
whisky started away and then returned
for ropes and money. They tied their
horses near Davis' home and started up
town after ropes. Then. Barragan claims,
Duarte said: "We will go up the street
and the first man we meet we will hold
up and rob." After going a block or so
they met Davis, got within six feet of
him and shot him. Duarte claims that
Barragan did the shooting and divided
the booty, ti
Tne Sheriff's office is satisfied that Bar
ragan is the guilty one and will yet own
it. Sheriff Borgwardt of Kern County and
Sheriff Buckner of Kings, who worked up
the case, are receiving great praise. They
have been working on. the clew since last
September.
VALLEY ROAD RAPIDLY
NEARING COMPLETION
STEEL FOR* ALL* BRIDGES NEAR
LY READY TOR DELIVERY.
Officials Make a Tour of Inspection
and Make a Report on Progress
of Construction Along
the Line.
Vice-President A. H. Payson, Director
F. W. Van Slcklen, Director W. A. Bls
sell and Chief Engineer W. B. Storey re
turned yesterday from a trip of inspec
tion' over the line of the Valley road as
far as Stockton.
They found the work progressing 1 fa
vorably all along the line, and such sat
isfactory advancement has been made
that they now consider the completion of
the road to its Point Richmond terminal
by January 1 a foregone conclusion.
While the work on the Middle River has
only advanced as far as the placing of
piles, yet the foundations for the Old
River bridge are all In place and the
work on the bridge over the San Joaquin
has advanced so far that the laborers are
now employing themselves on the super
structure, the steel for which has now
arrived from the factories of the East.
Although the factories have not as yet
delivered the orders lor the steel to be
utilized In the construction of the other
two bridges, yet the first shipment is ex
pected to arrive within the next three
weeks, and then the work can be pushed
ahead so as to allow of them being fin
ished within a short time after the struc
ture which is to span the San Joaquin.
Work on the new freight depot which
is to emerge from the reconstruction of
tho old Hathaway warehouse will
shortly be commenced, and when once
begun it will be but a matter of a few
weeks to rush It through so as to open
offices in it and have everything ready
for the first trainload of merchandise to
arrive in this city.
The only matter experiencing any great
delay is the new boat to be used
on the ferry service between this city and
Point Richmond. The contract is with
the Union Iron Works, and thus far that
institution has only succeeded in com
pleting two boiler tubes and a link of the
wheel chain. So there is now no telling
the exact date or even the year that will
witness the launching of the n#w oraft.
However, the Ocean Wave, the vessel
brought down from the Sound for that
purpose, has been put in excellent trim, '
and is all ready to take care of the pas
sengers as soon as the cars of the Val
ley road shall haul them to the Point
Richmond wharf.
Vice President Payson yesterday Issued
the following circular of elections and ap
pointments of Valley Road officials, which
becomes effective October 1:
John D. Spreckels, San Francisco, chairman
of the board; Godfrey Holterhoff Jr., Los An
geles treasurer; Alexander Mackie, San Fran- •
cisco secretary; L. C. Doming. New York. ,
assistant secretary; H. W. Gardiner. New'
York assistant treasurer; Victor Morawetz.
New ' York, general counsel; C. N. Sterry. Los
Angeles general solicitor; J. P. Whltehead,
New York, comptroller; H. C. Whltehead,
Chicago general auditor; V,'. G. Nevln. Los
Angele*. general manager; A. G. Wells. Los
Angeles general superintendent; W. B. Storey
Jr Pan Francisco, chief engineer and super
intendent; W. E. Bailey, Los Angeles, auditor.
FAN-TAN GAME RAIDED.
Sergeant Duke and Officer Conlan
Surprises the Wily Chinese.
Serjeant Duke and Officer Conlan raided
the gambling-house of Chin Chung at 24
Ross alley last night, and not only suc
ceeded in securing all the cash and para
phernalia as evidence but landed twenty
four players behind the bars of thp Cali
fornia-Street station. The raid was clev
erly accomplished. Before the Chinese
had an opportunity to escape or destroy
the evidence the officers were upon them.
The place which was raided is one of the
clubs which has been recently brought
into' existence. The fan-tan players were
released on bail.
Denis O"Sullivan's Ballad Concert.
Next Tuesday evening, September 12,
Denis O'Sullivan will be heard for the last
time in San Francisco for a term of years. |
His song recital will consist this time of
some twenty ballads, in all languages and !
of all t'mes, and will include such widely
different masters as Berlioz, Schumann, |
Lowe Cornelius, Brahms and Charles
Wood' on the one h,and, and Legreuzi and
Martini of the eighteenth century, and !
Thibaut King of Navarre in 1200 A. D.,
on the other. Mr. O'Sullivan will be as
sisted by Miss Edith Ladd and Mr. Fred
erick Maurer at the piano and organ.
. |
Music for Nervousness.
Some scientists have claimed that music has i
the power to soothe the n»rves. But the quick- !
est way to cure nervousness is to strengthen
the nervous system. We know of nothing j
which will accomplish this quicker than Hos- ;
tetter's Stomach Bitters. It Is the one mcdi- !
cine that is successful above all others In the
treatment of blood, stomach and liver diseases.
Do not take a substitute. See that a private
Revenue Stamp covers the neck of tfc- bottle ,
CARRIE SANKEY
HAS DEFEATED
HER GUARDIAN
Recovers Judgment of
All Her Property.
WAS INFLUENCED BY COGGINS
HE MUST ACCOUNT FOB. ALL
MONEYS SHE ADVANCED.
Judge Belcher Decides That Question
able Advantage Was Taken of
Plaintiff's Youth and
Simplicity.
Charles Coggins and his wife Mary
must grlve their presents back. Judge
Belcher yesterday rendered a decision
canceling deeds to nearly $40,000 worth of
property executed by Carrie E. Sankey
to her guardians, Mr. and Mrs. Cogglns.
several years ago. Miss Sankey made the
deeds, it was proved during the trial,
while under the undue influence of her
guardians.
When Miss Sankey was but 13 years of
age her uncle, Samuel Sankey, died In
Pennsylvania leaving a large estate. She
Inherited property worth about $40,00*3,
and as she was at that time employed in
the Cogglns household she became their
ward. Soon after his appointment as
guardian Cogglns. the testimony showed,
immediately began to systematically
wrest the property from her. Miss
Sankey was made to pay all the bills of
the household under the belief that she
was compelled to do so, diamonds were
bought and she footed the bills, and the
Coggins home was furnished in palatial
style. One by one her real estate hold
ings were transferred to Coggins and his
wife and a short time ago, when Carrie
blossomed into womanhouu, she awoke to
the realization that she was penniless.
She immediately brought suit to recover
all the property transferred to her guar
dian and from that time no longer lived
in the Coggins household.
Coggins and his wife contested her
action on the ground that they executed
all of the deeds in g/jod faith and "for
Berviees rendered." Nearly ten days were
consumed in the trial of the case, and
during that time it developed, in addition
to the fact given heretofore, that the so
called services which Coggins valued at
$4u,iaw were practically worth nothing. In
giving judgment Judge Belcher decided
all points of the controversy in Miss
Sankeys favor. He held that the d
were made under undue influence and
without consideration, and in addition to
ordering their cancellation the court
ordered the defendants to account to the
plaintiff for all properties which have
come into their hands through purchase
by Miss Sankey as well as moneys re
ceived from her "for her use and benefit."
Concert Season Opens To-Night.
The concert season will be inaugurated
at the Sherman and Clay Hall to-night
when Miss Meta Asher, a young San
Francisco pianist, who distinguished her
self with Moszkowski and the Royal
Academy in Berlin, and Harry Samuels,
the local violinist who achieved fame in
Brussels with Cesar Thomson, will play
for *he first time since their return to
their native city. They will be assisted
by Arthur Weiss, 'cellist, and Arthur
Fickensher, accompanist. A programme
of unusual excellence will be rendered.
The house has been sold out.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1000 I
Every 24 Hours!
1 That's what we divide daily
| among our stockholders the mo-
I ment we strike a iooo barrel well.
We'll Strike It Sure
I iooo shares only of our stock
a now selling at $4.50. Price goes
1 to 55 per share when this is sold.
I PROSPECTUS FREE, giving
I '■INSIDE IN FORMA TION. "
I Union Consolidated Oil and
I Transportation Co.,
I 322-323 Parrott Building",
i SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CITITC That Wear Well
JlillJ Are Well Made.
THE SUITS I MAKE ALL WEAR
well, and it is ow-
ing to -the superior r*^Ci
workmanship and ma- = ?!£,&
terial I put in them. (L 7 \<X
A perfect fit guaran- y-cS*. \L
teed. Money positive- _^-*>}<7a^ V^
ly returned if dissatls- /T\ '/VIVaI
fled in any way. A* \j#/T%, B
My $15-50 tlWfy
( BUSINESS SUITS . fe mk ;
Are unequaled by any L||'' } 'Tj
other tailor in the city, jj JBl T
/- ir - r jTheTaik>r, Mbl
201-203 Montgomery ajj §■
St. F*rancisco £
111 O- 11 12 Market £ ~i  *i
St.. San Francisco. : §S ',1 .1 '
1011 Washington St., 'it A yU>||)
Oakland. X "*SW
143 South Spring St.. £?* '
Los Angeles.
;BEECHAi¥TSPILLSj
T taken at night will make you {
• feel right, act right and look
1 right They cure Constipation. *
I 1O cents and 35 cents, nt all drug: store*. "
1 « ■ t - n ■-■■»■ — -^*t~—+- . ♦ » o » » «-■» » -4
xa> fr% I I I iQ 61 and Morphine * Habits
■ B I H M 3 I HI £3 cured at home. Write
IIIS i 'I I nfm tor full Particular.
H I &"' fill IMS "-•' bnok frP *-
911 llßlsE INDUS OP.UM CURS.
W I I V 111 B. D. KIMMIS. 201 Turk
St., Sin Frtneiseo.
feSv.i M. d ALL'S REINYIGORATOR
t^ir]ttjfa Five nundred reward for any
SP»" ■"'Sd ca.-!e we cannot cure. This secret
I___ -_ fca remedy etopo all losses In 24
«?2 ££S< hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
fTJT* pTfli tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
<UJ Will' Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
■Jwflß W&' Manhood and all wasting effect!
C__r_-r:: .. of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
waled, U bottle; 3 bottles, $S; guaranteed to
cur« sat case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market st.. S. F. All prlvats
diseases quickly cured. Send for free bock. I
ADVEBTISEMENT^^^^ '
1 ANOTHER SPECIAL SALE ■
I" ..OF 1 .. t
! LADIES' KID GLOVES! |
♦ • <•
4* On August 19 we pieced on sale 100 dozen LADIES 1 KID GLOVES •$•
♦ at 50 cents per pair. These gloves, which represented "A Manufactur- (>
•{• er's Job." were marked at 5U per cent below usual cost and were en- —
♦ tireiy sold out during the ensuing week. We now announce to our f
•J. friends and the public that on to-day, THURSDAY, we shall place on y
♦ sale a similar "Manufacturer's Job" numbering 205 dozen of Ladles' ♦
4- Kid Gloves, all sizes. In brown, gray, tan and black colors, at 50 A
<> cents per pair. <>
*£ The popularity of our LADIES' NECKWEAR DEPARTMENT en- *■£
▼ ables us to offer still greater inducements to our patrons In all its ele- t
v gant lines. " ' *5*
4. SPECIAL-Ladles' white dotted net ties 8 Inches wide, 70 inches .{.
i <> long, 5-inch pleated ends, at 45 cents each. +
*j" SPECIAL-Ladies' Black Liberty Silk Collarettes, pleated ends, IS 'f
T inches long, with two rows of Liberty silk trimming, value $3, at *
T $2 75 each. J
•]• SPECIAL— 6O pairs 10-4 White California Wool Blankets, 62 inches 4.
♦ wide, closely woven and very durable, at $3 a pair. ♦
X SPE C I PI L -75 pairs 11-4 White Blankets, fine wool, double bed size, I
.i. warm and serviceable, at $4 50 a pair. .
♦ SPECIAL-*) pairs Extra Heavy Fine White California Blankets, <>
** 70 inches wide, made from a superior quality of lamb's wool, at J5 4-
♦ a pair. ▼
i> SPEClAL— Nottingham Lace Curtains, 3% yards long, neat pat- *£
 terns, at 90 cents a pair. X
t SPECIAL— Nottingham Lace Curtains, good grade and patterns, ♦
I T 3% yards long, at $1 15 a pair. . •$•
▼ s #
— SPECIAL— Nottingham Lace Curtains in cluny effects, 3^ yards .».
♦ long, very desirable, at $175 a pair. ],
<> ' ' 11
t ; -t
I*' IJflJf Murphy Building 1 , / ••
V Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts, ;:
T • *
i T ' '
fr-;. *■!■» '!■•■!' ■:• *■; * ■!■ ** 4 ■•■«-!'*-!-*-;-*'T-*4'-^4'-*-4' *•!•*■*• * ■?■ ■;■ ••> ■;■>.;■«.?. A -To
j Curnilliro - Pomfltol amusements.
rlirnitlirBJ^baiPßlSi GRAND opera house.
JUST ARRIVED- telephone main 532.
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In KIGHTB OV f
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, ttc, so US a- 8 aionou. comic op er*.
i^To^ti^^l^^^ JbL LrAJrIIAJN
/ m fa ft 1L.L.1 At IB M j Enthusiasm Greater Than Ever— Theater
SUCCESSOR Packed to the Doors.
ipnvcnv FURNITURE COMPANY,
338-340 POST ST., "*« week-^fatinitza."
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL. USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IOc IBe. 20c.
Opposite Union Square. 35 sOc. ~^
Telephone Main 1850. . At Saturday Matinee Best Reserred Seat la
— _ —L » . the theater, 25c.
g^ -|- yt f^ /V\ f^, [^ \ Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS COLUMBIA VsSsS
—of the— LAST i NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
** wm t m.v FINAL PERFORMANCE SUNDAY NIGHT
MAGDEBURG FIRE ! MR - clay clement
llinwl*l»»'VIIW • ■■■ Presents His Tremendously Successful Inter-
„_,._ « «..•-♦«— r>A««n* pretation of Matthias in an Elaborate
INSURANCE COMPANY Scenic Production of the Psycho-
mi-.^^ logical Romance.
OF MAGDEBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OF //nTVf TTf^ f\pf ¥ C* 99
Germany, on the 31st day of December A. II I U L Lflul ,W 7
jD. 1898. and for the year ending on that day. g H ■"* |\ fp I §
io' «ec-tlnns 610 and 611 of the Political Code. IllL DLLLJ.
o' »e<!tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com- A GREAT CAST IN SUPPORT.
mlssioner • NOTE— theater will be closed during th«
m . CAPITAL weeks of September 11 and IS. The regular fall
A C rh n Of .. Ca . P^. St °. Ck :. P . a ! d nP -- 1 . n 1750.000 00 2"th by n MODjI:SKA Wm "' lDaUgUrated ° a th *
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company *ii*?'H? J? i^^V
Loans on Bonds and" Mortgages 1,211.031 3i t?[ aS
Amount of Loans secured by pledge LXllW^^^\\V^^"\
S!lirf£i a Ebrai ma f. k ?!: «« g
Cash in Company's Office 14.205-32
Cash in Banks , 225.504 .9
I Interest due and accrued on all _ INCREASED TO FIFTY IN NUMBER.
pfemmmrindufcoursVof"^^^ 8,»i6 66 HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
Premiums in due Course of Collec- HUiNGARIAiN BOYS' MILITARY
*\on ... ................ 282, S3 R A IV T\
Due fr^m"oiher companies for rein- mxi * montrell. ' .
surance oui.a. i »» mumhell.
i CHARLEY CASE. _
Total Assets $5,108.48143 FELIX MORRIS AND CO. "T^V
~ LIABILITIES, MOULJERE SISTERS. " -v
. »i, 7 * APOLLO.
I Losses In process of Adjustment or _ ARNOLD GHAZER & LA PETITE HAZEL,
in Suspense _■••• 639.5Z3 7S AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
9 ..™. 1 :: Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c: Op«
i reinsurance 50 per cent 1.598,233 78 Chairs and Bos Seats, BOc.
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND
nlng more than one year, $ ; SUNDAY.
reinsurance pro rata 274.535 77 , _ _^ _— __
S^^Ml^S^" a I cA7 A R THEATER
Total Liabilities 12.631.543 OS ilLi VJ ALI/li V , ...
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire "Nothing MoPO Amusing Has
! Received for Interest on Bonds and ' Ever Been Seen.'
Mortgages - 47,180 16
-rs^ii^^SttS m7mm PUPIQTnPUEQ IR
R^i^fro^^oVher souses:::::: &ad Unlll lUI lILII Jlli
Total Income $4,023,530 60 AS PRESENTED BY THE
' Net amount paTdTofFfrl^^' (in- NEW ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
eluding $610,150 98, losses of pre- EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Div°d u ea^stockhoiders::::::::::::: 3i2:3oow matinee Saturday and sundat.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
| Brokerage „!?.... 769,774 14 NEXT WEEK "THE WAGES OF SINV>
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 212.249 66 DDIfCC Isr 25c V\C sflr
Paid for State. National and local rKIWCj I3C, £)C, 33C, DUG.
taxes 73,13186 — ■
*aj»:^SjSlsg mmm TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Total Expenditures $4,108.168 30 grand opera season.
Ix>s«es incurred durtn? thp year. f1re.52.394.«06 78 GRAND OHcKA »tAft»O!N.
EMIL F. MIETHKE. Vice President. TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
RUDOLF BERNDT. Secretary. * Gounod's Beautiful Opera,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th i __ -«.—»•—-*». AND TTTTTFT
HENRY M. DIEDERICH. U. S. Consul at ROMEO AND JULIET
Magdeburg. . .. Borneo and j u n e t" Saturday MaUne« »nd
"Romeo and Juliet" Saturday Matinee and
GUTTE & FRANK, b-^n.*..
MANAGERS. *, The " **"* Ol>eratlc Trina » b >
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, CARMEN"
303 CALIFORNIA ST., Friday and Saturday Evenings.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. • x cx t Week, the Great Event,
— ~ "LOHENGRIN" "OTHELLO"
000000000000000000 Seats Rapidly Selling.
° TMf mr% _ - _ /*•* -_, iivnO POPULAR PR1CE5. .77777 25 and M cent*
O P.r Jt/X #f\ VC *" O : Order by Telephone. Bush 9.
I^iSgf 5 MECHANICS' FAIR
° 1 400 Rooms— 9OOwi h Bath Attached. * __,_
O Ail Under One Management. O A " D
O SOTS THE PRICE?: O DUIIIDDIKIC CYUIDIT
O BuropeanP!an.*l.OO per day and upward Q ilTllL-fillll^C Ail Dill
X American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward X ■ lllkll '11 li" hlllllMill
" Correspondence Solicited. © !
o. jorao.mxpATßiox.Htt.gw: o TO NIGHT, SERPENTINE DANCE!
000000000000000000 Ai^ E AY ; OND America's at?# lad,
AMUSEMENTS. ~" SSta? wm play s ! 1 : 3 / hls afternoon "*
"~ ->■---->- — — FRIDAY NIGHT— of Gettysburg, with
CHUTES AND ZOO a regiment of volunteers from Manila and a
LllLlLj Anil Ll/i/ chorus of 300 v
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. Baby Day.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AnPTF THEDANCIN& urDT TfIMQ DOUBLE SEASON TICKETS $3.
AJJuIL girl and ntjH LlUlNo, (To members half price.)
MOVING PICTURES, showing scenes ON SINGLE ADMISSION'S. 25 CENTS.
THE FIRING LINE IN THE PHILIPPINES. — — „_„ , „„
and a GREAT VAUDEVILLE ■ SHOW. CONCEPTS AND RESOKTS.
TO-NIGHT — SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
AIMATFII& IXIir^HTTt to-night: to-night!
AlnAlClrt nllllll . META ASHER-HARRY SAMUELS Concert.
Concluding with a Under the Direction of Henry Heyman.
_ . .  in- ■ * Blil Reserved Seats $1. at Sherman & Clay's.
Fat Ladies' Boxing Match —^v™^™*.
BALLOON ASCENSION SATURDAY, AD- OPEN DAILY FROM 7A. M. TO 11 P. M.
MISSION DAY. OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
(•>■ • " ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
I Phone for Seats, Steiner 1851. ' Bathing, Including- admission. 25; Children, 20a.
78
SPORTS
FINE PLAY OF
SUMNER HARDY
AT DEL MONTE
Californian Loses to DA'ight Davis
at Tennis, but Shows Ex
cellent Form.
Special TVspatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE. Sept. 6.— The singles
championship tournament between the
■ and Atlantic tennis magnates Is
at an end. Out of sixteen matches played
the Westwnerß have captured two, hoth
by the skillful playing of Sumnor Hardy,
who demonstrated his ability to-day In
no mean fashion. After a gruelling
m.a'ch played yesterday afternoon with
Whitman, the champion of the United
B, he forced Dwight Davis, who
ranks second on the list of fennis top
notehers, to extend his prowess In a five
set match. Sumner Hardy has proved
his right to be classed with tho best the
country has produced, and nothing but
praise for hi? clever racket play is heard
nr Del Monte to-night.
Davle, although topped by Whitman in
Eastern championship tournaments, is
a harder man for the Westerners In *<?n
--iils strife than Is the champion hin.self.
Iliß Btyle of play Is different from any
thing to which they are accustomed. He
is a veritable Trojan, ever on the war
path, and always looking for subjects of
slaughter. His terrific smashing and mer
ciless drives won his matches from the
Pacific Coast men before the game had
fairly started.
But It was different In the case of Sum
ner Hardy. This was the last contest of
the day and the sole real struggle of the
tournament. Previous to thfs match
Hardy had disposed of Ward and Wright,
the two lesser lights of the Eastern ten
nis firraami'iit. It was predicted by all
that the battle would be well worth poc-
ti p and the court on w..ich It was played
i\a.-= crowded when game was called.
Sumiur Hardy begun his play with all
srve he has demonstrated in the
Pacific Coast tournament. In rapid suc
in he won the rtrst four games. The
. aghast and were left in
a. mental whirl, for I>a\is had not lost a
r three matches with
-■ VVfiltney, Sam Hardy and Robert
N Whitney.
ted change. Davis
won l g gam The sixth game
was for Hardy, the seventh for Davis and
Ighth was the Westerner's, bringing
et with it. Hardy's playing was
mgh aggression, and pre
to worry his opponent and pr<
• ;1 aving smashes that worked ■
•■■ - ; .i.; Eiardy's confreres. Davis
81 ssed at the result, but he came
to the light with a vigor that won
ii'tll the tWO next Sets— 6— 4, tJ— 3.
With two sets agahist him, Sumnrr
Hardy, fortified by the wise counsel of
and a determination to do
something, played ns he has never played
Davis could not find his returns!
past : r« i eatedly on the lin.-s.
Not a game did the Easterner get in this
. Bcore, s—o, warming me hearts
i t ••in the coast contingent.
Bj this time Davis was footsore, and
■k the full advantage of the time
for« the linal set. Every clr
and condition pointed ' to a
winning by Hardy, but it was not to be.
He lost his pace, Davis regained th- old
dash and vigorous style and the young
from Oakland was defeated by a
I it was the real ■
■ oked all the intent
isiasm In the guests who had been
■■ '•■ long days for a
■ to display it.
Sam Hardy comes in for a great
• praise. In his mat<-h with
\\ hitman, •■■ asy s>-ts were regis
tered against him. he switch..; tracks and
m ■ unpleasant m-'dicine d
ampion of his coun
■: ;:■<]>• won the set. 6—2, but lost the
ire. This was the
b Champion Whitman re
ceived during the entire tournament.
Id the rrmrnLnn Sumner Hardy be a t
Ward three .-■ raight sets— >;- :;. >: - &— s—
• surprise, but Hardy wad in
form a ■ • • was with him.
Th<-> great surprise of the tournament
■ir as Westerners were concerned
■he easy manner in which George
Whitney, the Pacific Coast champion,
v. as defeated by nil the Easterners.
Whitney is certainly not playing in form
and his work yesterday and to-day
I it. '1 he tennis seen to-day on the
a was so far superior to
anything I!.;.! has ever been played in
that there is no comparison.
arac th< nervous t ►ft for tne
racket-wlelders, as their playing in
wed.
w morning the doubles cham
•: which Wright and
Whitman, and Davis and Ward, the lat
ubles champions of America,
ter. This should prove more sue
.! than the singles, as these two
i re more evenly matched with
the Whitney and Hardy brothers than
Individual players in singles.
The scores of the frames to-day are:
ng— Writrht beat Sain Hardy, 6-8
i
l.ont n. N. Whitney. 6-3. 6-0, 6-1
r Hardy beat Ward, 6-t, 0-2, C-3.
Whitman • Whitney, 6-1, S-6, 6-n.
Afternoon game*— Whitman b<\-it Sam Hardy
■ li"Bt R. X. Whitney, C-0. 6-3, <5-2.
Ward beat George Whitney, fi-2, 6-1, 6-L
Pavls li<>at SumnT Hardy. 2-C. 6-4. 6-3.
FLYING FOX WINS ST. LEGER
LONDON, Bept. fi.— At the second day
if the Doncaster September meeting to
day the race for the St. Leger stakes was
win by the Inik" of Westminster's bay
coll Flying Fox. Lord William Beres
for<J'« chestnut colt Caiman, ridden by
Tod Sloan, the American Jockey, finished
second, and EL A. Oswald's 6ay colt Scin
tlllant won third. Six horses ran.
Lowers a Wheel Record.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 6.— J. M. Chapman
of Georgia to-night lowered the world's
record for a paced mile on an eight-lap
rack to 1:47 2-".
You can order
Wielands
Extra Pale
from your grocer with
assurance that you
will get full-money
value. Wieland's beer
is made to please the
continuous consumer
—no profit in one
bottle of beer. <**H,,h*.
half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
PACING: Joe Patchen Wins the $4000 Purse.
TENNIS: Sumner Hardy's Fine Play at Del Monte.
STATE FAIR: Nilgar First in Dewey Selling Stake.
COURSING : Maid of the Hill Wins Reserve Stake.
HQRSE SHOW: Big List of Entries for Burlingame
DOGS RUN TRUE
TO THEIR FORM
AT UNION PARK
Maid of the Hill Wins the Reserve
Stake, Defeating J. Dean's
Promising Dog Gallant.
CD O
Maid of the Hill, a brindle and white
greyhound from the kennel of T. Sullivan,
defeated James Dean's Gallant in the re
serve stake at Union Coursing Park yes- i
terday. The Maid led up and secured the
first turn, her opponent dashing in for the
kill. Both the winner and the runner-up
ran consistently throughout the afternoon. j
Gallant is one of the most promising of j
the young dogs, and is just getting his ed
ucation in coursing.
The sport was of high class, the dogs
being evenly matched. As an evidence of
this there were four "undecideds. 1 The
longest course of the day was between
Hard Lines and Telephone Belle, the dogs
I running three minutes and twenty seconds.
I Hard Lines won by a score or 51 to 12.
I The detailed results follow:
W. C. Olasaon'B Terronlte beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Santa Rita; R. Attrldge's Masterpiece
beat J. Kerrigan's Princess Royal; T. E. Mc-
Eldowney'e Right Bower boat D. Ford's Juan
lta; Handy & Smith's TVrrona beat Lock &
Lynn's Moloch; M. London's Magneto beat S.
E. Portal's Laurel wood; T. Kelly's Wild wood
beat Sterl & Knowles' Wag; J. Dean's Gallant
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wadena; W. C. Glas
son's Border's Valentine beat H. Molema's Jes
sie Maid;. M. Michalek's Glen Roy beat J.
Jones' Moonlight; J. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche
beat Courtney & Hore'a Douglas; J. Dean c
Belli; of Anderson beat H. H. Gray's Terron
ette: J. Dennis" October Woodcock beat I. F.
Halton's Tic Tac; Ed Wilson's Magnet beat P.
J. RelUy's Wandering Tom; Handy £ Smith a
Ida beat Pasha Kennels' Koad Agent; R. B. de
B. Lopez's Wlnona beat H. W. Hike's Decor
ator; D. Ford's Bonita beat Aeneid Kennels
Maid of Erin; Kay & Train's Eclipse beat J.
Keenan's Royal Oak; Locke & Lyon's Dick L
beat J. Keenan's Fear Not; George Lahnaens
Fireball beat F. Price's Madge Wildfire; J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael beat J. M. Wyati a Hazel;
Ed Wilson's Magnesia beat J. Seggerson s
White Chief; F. A. McCon One Spot beat M.
Mlchalek's Scott Free; J. Jones' OaUvant beat
Gua Vldeau's Key Alfonso; F. A. McComb's
Bonnie Scotland beat J. Dennis' The Devil;
Aeneid Kennels' Butter Scotch beat A. L. Aus
tin's Trim Foe: T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill
beat F. J. Fulton's Sans Bouci; i". McCabe/B
Skyblue beat V. Guerrero's Silence; M. B.
Kavanagh's Hard Linos beat E. M. Elkus'
Telephone Belle.
Second round— Terronlte beat Masterpiece;
Terrona beat Right Bower; Magneto beat Wild
wood; Gallant beat Border's Valentine; Glen
Roy beat Lady Blanche; Belle of Anderson
beat October Woodcock: Magnet beat Ida;
Bonita beat Winona: Dick L beat Eclipse: St.
Michael beat Fireball; Magnesia beat One Spot;
Bonnie Scotland beat Galivant; Maid of the
Hill beat Butter Scotch; Skyblue beat Hard
Lines.
Third round— Terronlte beat Terrona: Gallant
beat Magneto; Glen Roy beat Belle of Ander
son; Magnet beat Bonita: St. Michael beat Dick
1. Bonnie Scotland beat Magnesia; Maid of the
Hill beat Skyblue.
Fourth round— Gallant a bye; Glen Roy beat
Magnet; Bonnie Scotland beat St. Michael;
Maid of the Hill a bye.
Fifth round— Gallant beat Glen Roy: Maid of
the Hill beat Bonnie Scotland.
Final— Maid of the *-i!l beat Gallant.
PRODUCE STAKE ENTRIES.
High Class Greyhounds to Bun for a
Rich Stake at Union Park.
The annual Produi •■ stake, one of the
most valuable coursing events of the year,
will be run at Union Park on Saturday
and Sunday. In addition there will be
an open stake, the prizes totaling: 12100.
In the open Btake the winner will cecelve
H25, runner-up 175, two at $-T, each, four
it J3O, eight at $20, sixteen at $10, To the
winner ol the Produce Btake $250, runner
up $13, two at $75 each, four at $50 and
Sf\vn at $25. A Consolation .s:ak>- of this
will 1.. run a week from Sun. lay, the
winner receiving $120, runner-up %">, third
$50, three at $*"• and five at $20. The draw
last niarht for the two stakes resulted as
follow.-;
Pr duce Ftake— R. E. dc B. I^opoz 1 White
9. E. Adams' Her Grace; F. I'a
.- vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle; J. 11.
Perlgo'a Lady Davenj ■: • •• - J. J. Edmonds'
Whisky Hill; J. 11 Perig - i ntroller vs. 3.
li. Rosseter's Recording Angel; P. J. Reilly's
Still True vs. R. E. de B. Lopez' St Anthonj .
D. Erkslne's Lavender vs. E. M Hollow's
Sweet KuMiia, E. Baumeister's Warrior vs.
Curtis & Son's Cash; A. L. Austin's Lord Mar
ys. .1 H. Rosseter'a Risky Attempt; J.
H. Rosseter's Royal Arm vs. R. K. M.i
isell, Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clalr
\< R k. Malcom's Agamemnon; Russell,
.-. Wilson's Wild Swede vs. !'. M<
Sky Blue; it. L. Taylor's TOrment vs. H. Ger
main's Tallin-. It. K. Malcom'a Athena v*.
('urt;? & Bon's Flying Pox; Curtis & Bon's
n vs. (.;. M Abercromble's Rock island
King; .1. M. Halt ana M.iy Hempstead vs. C.
M •■ : Workman; I . J- Healey't
Laoy Clare . Biebein's Gypsy; H. R
Newell' s Rouirb Rider vs. J. H. Roe •
a Aim; H. Lynch's Lexington vs. Rus
sell, Allen >« Wilson's Master Clalr; Q. M.
mbl< - M w Richmond vs. t'urtis <v
Narcissus; D. J. Healey's Magsie M vs.
Ku^f-!! A lieu &• Wilson's Rosle 'lair; Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair vs. E M.
KsllOßg's lowa Maid; J. H. Roßseter'i Rapid
arr's Walt a Bil ; J n. Harrl-
Hot Haste vs. I". M.f'abe's Craig Boy;
R. 9trHhl?'s Three Cheers vs. D. J. H'-aleys
Amai R's li! p !" vs. Curl - ; .v Bon's
Vulcan; R. E. 'i-> is. Lopez' Wanda vs. n. W.
ink'--' Nancy R; D. ■!. Healey*s CKHara vs. K.
la; J. H. Perlgo's Bohe
vs. Huriej & Rellly'a Lucretla Borgia; J. H.
RoJ'seter'a Around About vs. K. i'rlngle's
■ en Stake i:. F. Passon's Merry Maiden vs.
\ Johnson's Lowlander; <i. J. ranario's i<!.i
Glory vi. . c . B. Portal's Laurelw 1, T. .1. M
lneriipy'p Tomny Res w. W. Letche^a Bryan;
M Ryan's Bluerock vs. >'■. Shannan's Wait a
Little- T. J. Mclnerney's Reglna v.=. H. F. An
- Crawford Lad; W. Letcher's Bandow
vs. Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson; R. L. Tay
lor's Bounding Belle vs. li. K. Anderson's
Crawford Braes; J. Conner's Los Boy vs. F.
\ Mi ( '.mil's Flush; J. I. Thrift's Forget vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Glen Ctaloe; i. J. Kpilly's
Plowboy vs. '•■ M. Abercrombie's R'>ok Island
Boy; t ■'■ Harrington's Bo Peep vs. <;. M.
\b"i«rcrombie'p Irma; J. IJfnnis' Th« Devil vs.
F A. McComb's 1-ittle Jokfr; I'a.«ha Kennels'
Emln Pasha vp. Handy & Smith's Ida; .1. Sher
idan's Forest Queen vs. W. Letcher's Bull Hill;
E. Adams' St. Gertrude vs. E. Adams' Travel
er; I. K. Hal ton' i '<Tie Tac vs. G. M. Aberrrom
hie's Victor King; I'asha Kennels' Metallic vs.
T. Hall's Nonpareil; Pasha Kennels' Roiiirking
Airs vs. K. L. Taylor's Mose; R. L. Taylor's
wild Lassie vs. J. Pennis' October Woodcock;
J. Kerrigan's Conqueror vs. J. Seggenon's Gold
Hill; Lowe <fc Thompson's Prince Hal vs. T.
Kelly's Wildwood; .J. O'Shea'a foung America
is. j. .i. Edmonds' Morning Glory; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Bonnie Scotland vs. Hurley .t Rellly'a
.-tnr of Cuba; Handy & Smith's Magic vs.
\ i>..i.: Keni els' Maid r.f Krin; H. A. ixvkel
man'a Pet Kirby vs. H. Lynch/c Lottie M; P
.1. Reilly's War-hip vs. Aenetd Kennels' I're
t'^nder; J. P. Thrift"? Brutus vs. Hurley &
Reilly's O X Capitol; J. Connell's Senorlta vs.
E. <t R. Poott'a Lord Byron; Handy & Smith's
Petronius vs. J. Beggereon's '^nndeiaria: J.
Hheridan's Forept Kin* vs. A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. R. E.
3e B Lopes' Rochester; W. Letcher's Waterloo
vs. Ed Hvatt'p Hurricane.
FOUR MEN MISSING.
There are a couple of mysterious dis
appearances on the water front. A pris
oner on the German warship Geier is gone,
and with him went a small boat belonging
to the Union Iron Works. Bill Spear, a
boatman, and two passengers whom he
look out on <.he bay last Monday night in
Jack Hurley's boat are also missing and
nu trace of men or boat can be found.
The German sailoi had been court-mar
tial. (1 and confined in the brig. He got out
of his prison and made his escape in the
dingy used by the workmen of the iron
works. Neither man nor boat can be
found, and the supposition is that the
eailor sunk the boat after making his es
cape. No attempt is being made to re
capture the man, but the Union people
would like to recover the boat.
Last Monday night Bill Spear, accom
panied by a soldier and a one-legged man,
but in an app< arance at the clay street
eteps. They were all under the influence
of lkiuor. and Spear asked for the loan of
Hurley's boat. He was at first refused.
He final] v secured the Whitehall and he
and his .two companions got in and rowed
away. Neither boat nor men have been
seen since. Hurley seems to think that
the three men are at Sausalito carousing,
but if they do not turn up to-day a search
party will be organized.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.NooaaD, IW7-1023 Mission.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, SEPTEMKEK. 7. 1899.
♦ ; » ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ » ♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦■♦ ♦♦♦♦ <»♦♦»♦
SNAP SHOTS AT THE TENNIS EXPERTS.
NILGAR FIRST
FOR THE DEWEY
SELLING STAKE
Daymont Captures the 2:17 Class
Special Trot After an Excit
ing Brush.
St.-cial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— Business is
picking up in the weather line, and before I
the week passes the mercury In the ther- i
mometer bids fa ir to bump the top of the
glass. The grand stand this afternoon at
Agricultural Park was well filled with the
fair sex, attired in stunning Bummer suit
ings, and in the rin^r the bookies experi
enced the liveliest betting session of the j
meet. There was little growling over the j
prices laid, and the books finished in the ;
"place," the crowd displaying rare form In
landing on the winner.
In the harness events John A, the brown
son of Wayland W, enjoyed a walkover, j
and Lottie captured the -:I'l class trot im
pr< ssively. Two days' work in succession, '
however, was asking too much ol Mamie
Riley, for she lost the ".special" to Day
mont. '
Diminutive Midlove, favorite for the
Dewey selling stake, tound the route too
far, the prize falling to Nilgar. Cromwell,
the sizzimg choke tor the mile-and-a-six
teenth run, was led out by New Moon,
and in the windup round Manzanilla and
Mafada were headed over the line by i'an
amint, Thorpe riding one of his best lin
tshes.
After John A had made a trip around
the elliptic for the 2:20 class pacing stake
the eight starters in the 2:'sz trot were
called. After hr-r Impressive victory at
Oakland Lottie looked to be "Hawkins'
horse," and Bold a 10 to 6 favorite over her
field. Colonel X X, over which Billy Jon
athan held the ribbons, had a respectable
following, and alth"iigh the Colonel did
not win he put his foot down In a way
that commanded respect. The necessary
three heats to draw the long end of the
purs.- were r«el<-d off without effort by the
favorite, Spencer handling her to perfec
tion. Dora Doe, which annexed second
money, stepped three nice heats, and in
the tiiird. Colonel X R, finishing second,
seemed to be getting just warmed up to
his work.
The special trot for horses eligible to
the 2:17 class had bettors guessing before
it was over. For the first heat the books
marked up 4 to 5 on Mamie Riley and 6 to
."> on Daymont, this pair looking to be the
most eligible. Charley Bunch, the "Beau
Brummel of the Hike," came out wearing
a wise 4x4 smile behind Dr. Frasse, a 4 to 1
choice, and led from wire to wire in 2:18.
Daymont went high into the air at the
llrst turn, and Mamie Riley stubbed her
toe soon after passing the half, linishing
fourth.
The betting now became nervous and
fretful. Mamie Riley was held at 6 to 5,
with even money chalked against Day
mont and Dr. Frasse. In this heat Mamie
Riley was on her good behavior, and pass
ing the Doctor in the stretch she won
easily. Daymont once more made a bal
loon ascension at the turn.
The heat winner was now made an over
whelming choice. When the horses ap
peared for the second heat "HI" Hogo
boom had replaced his brother behind
Daymont, and with encouraging results.
In the drive from the head of the stretch
home Daymont outfooted both Mamie
and the Doctor, taking the heat without
effort by a couple of lengths.
The Doctor shot his bolt, and with Ma
mie Riley displaying signals of distress
Daymont looked a good thing for the
fourth heat. Closing favorite, he broke
at the turn and seemed out of it. At the
far turn, though, Mamie Riley left her
feft. allowing Daymont to get up and
eventually win In a jog. Dr. Frasse fin
ished second, securing second money.
The thoroughbreds now went to the bat.
Only three started for the Dewey selling
stake at a mile. Midlove closing favorite
ever Nilgar and Jennie Reid. The talent
figured that the first choice and Nilgar
would chase away in front, after which
the Burn entry would come on and win.
but it did not so happen. Midlove sailed
away In the lead, opening up several
lengths oT daylight, with Ward on Nilgar
taking matters easy. At the stretch the
leader was all out, and Nilgar assuming
c mmand disposed of Jennie Reid with
little to spare. The books laid up little
coin, as Joe Terry and his friends spread
their coin about on the winner.
Cromwell had been passed around all
day as the, real thing for the mile and a
sixteenth selling run, which caused him
to be set up an even-money chance. The
chestnut ran a good race after his long
rest, but was headed from start to finish
by the S to 1 shot New Moon, well rated
by young Mounce. Fortis met with his
usual streak of bad luck, making a game
effort from the far rear and finishing a
close third.
Nine platers went to the post In the final
number, a six furlong sprint, decided un
der selling conditions. Manzanilla. Ma
fada and Panamint nil came in for heavy
hacking, the first named closing a slight
favorite. After being cut off on the back
stretch Thorpe, astride Panamint, hooked
up with Mafada and Manzanilln the last
furlong, and In a very exciting drive was
first by a neck. Mafada downing the fa
vorite a short head for the place.
Following are the entries for to-morrow:
First race— 2:4o trot; two-year-olds; mile
heats, three In five.
Eulah Me, I Vendome.
Dagmar, *
Second race— 2:4o trot: mile heats, three In
five.
Psyche, I Juan Chico,
Lena A, Hank,
Richard S, Eleanor Ann.
El Moro, J
Third race— Ladles' stake; one and a sixteenth
miles.
M Monrovia 104: 26 Bertha Ho 104
29 February 107 — Reolia 107
32 Jennie Reid 101 1
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse.
29 Mt. McGregor... 107 29 N'ovla 109
29 McFarlane 107 <29)Hohenzollern ...117
Fifth race— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds.
27 Purmayah 110 — Palatine 113
— Electra C 110 1 — Britt 110
— Etta Depot 98 23 Druid ess 10'>
— Gross 113 — Amador 113
— Loyta 98 — Tres Jollo m
30 El Arte 113 23 Fairfax 101
10 Atelog 113 —Rose of Hilo 98
SHAMROCK WILL TRY
HER NEW SAILS TODAY
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The expected
trial of the Shamrock under bigger rig
did not take place to-day, partly owing
to the arrivnl of the new tender, the
Plymouth, and partly to a breeze which
, Sir Thomas Lipton thought was a bit too
' stiff for the test which he had in mind.
To-morrow will probably witness the
trial. Consideration for his men was an
other factor which served to delay the
| trial under racing rlf?. The crew of the
■ Shamrock had been quartered on the
Nonowantuc, a vessel which Sir Thomas
J discovered was too small for their com
! fort. He accordingly chartered the pro
i peller Plymouth, a vessel larpre enough
ito accommodate 1000 passengers. The
I'lvmouth arrived from Boston early to
day, and proceeding to the Horseshoe
tied Up to the Nonowantuc. The Sham
i rock's crew was then told to move into
' Its more commr.dious quarters, and dur
ln'ff the forenoon the sailors were kept
busy shifting belongings and establishing
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Third day of the meeting of the State
Fair Association, Wednesday, Sept. 6. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Frank Covey.
FIRST RICE— stakes; three-year-olds and under; value, $185.
P. 11. Qulnn-s br. c, by Wayland W by The Grand Moor (J. Qulnn) Walk-over
SECOND RACK— Trotting, 2:22 class; purse, $1000; mile heats, three In five.
Alex Brown's br. m. Lottie, by San DleKO by Whlppleton (Spencer) 1 1 1
Dora Doe. b. m.. by Don Lowell (McAlpine).. I « I
Colonel KR. br. h., by Bay Rose (Donathan) * -i -
Alex B, b. m.. by Nutwood (Webster)...... - £ « k
Azalla, blk. m., by Mambrino \\ likes (Mlzner) 6 a o
Lynall, oh. g., by Lynmont (H. Hogroboorn) 7 6 6
Maud Newman, m. m., by Auteer Jr. (Cuiroello) « a 7
Sybil S. blk. m., by Mambrino Wllkes (Havey) » » , •
Time-2:19%. 2:21, 2:2OV*.
THIRD RACE— Trotting; special purse, $300.
■n F! Knight's b e Davmont by Lynmont-Daisy (W. and H. Hogoboom). 3 4 11
? e ndome n stock FKrm'sb^ Dr. Prawe. by Iron Alto-Linda Oak (Bunch).. 1. 2 4 2
A. B. Spreckels' b. m. Mamie Riley, by McKlnney by I>el Sur (Donathan) 4 jl 2 3
Athavls, b. m.. by Clovls (Mlzner)... £ i •r- °-
Llstorlne, b. m., by Athadon (Clarke) • •••••• ° ° °r- °-
Tlme-2:IS, 2:17^. 2:18%. 2:21.
Presiding Judge-J. W. Wilson. ?LarteIZ*- Havey~
OQ — FOURTH RACE^One mile; the Dewey Stakes: sslllng; three-year-olds; value. $39.'.
no — FOURTH RACE-One mile; the Dewey Stakes; Bulling; three-year-olds; value, $393.
■ -i " — • ". j I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. %m. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. ) Jockeys. Op. CI.
f251 Xllirar 103l~3 HM 2 1>4 2 2 1V4 12 (Ward 13-2 6-5
(f ?eS iieid v.v::.:::lo1 ) »/ ?« ?» Is I8 SaK?r " «-i
j;2«> Mldlf.ve 10011 1* 1B 13 3 3 Il-"t'er I 8-5 3-2
Sg^HJlj 14 15 13 3 3 Butler 6-5 3-2
Time— 1:41^4. Good start. Won ridden out. Winner. P. E. Jones' br. g., by imp. Is-
Time-l:4iy4. Good start. Won ridden out. Winner. P. E. Jones' br. g., by imp. Is-
lington-Joy. ; __
FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
j ' ' " ~~ f I Betting"!
: j " I , Betting".
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Mm. Km. %m. Str. Fin, j Jockeys. _ Op- CI.
28 New Moon 6 981 2 11 12 1 1% 1 1 l~h 1 14 MoUnce 8 8
.2 CreomweT'6 ..'.V.::::il0 3 3 IV 2 1 2 1 24 2 4 2 % *£"? '1 9-10
20 Forti* 3 91 88 6162 55 41 34 Coburn 3 3
20 Twinkle TwVnkV'5-W 1 1 M 8 Hi 3 * « £ 5 10 « 1 Jones 5 5
28 Donator, 4 96 5 5 4 4H 4% 4h 4 5 16 t gut r 2 8-5
28 Lady Hurst. 6 102 7' 7 2 .8 8 8 8 6 10 Kellas 15 20
Pa re Tnse 4 1064 41 5 4 51 66 66 74 Thorpe 8 V)
/2^ XonchalaTce. 6"::::ilj_?_2. 7 3* 7 3 7 4 7 4. 8 Garcia 125 30
Time— 1:48V4. Perfect start. Won driving. Winner. J. L. Crook's br. m., by Hyder-Ali-
Time— 1:48%. Perfect start. Won driving. Winner. J. L. Crook's br. m., by Hyder-All-
Nanomia. '-. - . '
\ 04 SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
j " ~ \ [Betting.
: : 7 ' ~ I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. - Weight. St. Mm. Mm. 1 %m. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys. [Op. CI.
... Panamlnt. 3 ....106 4 ... 41 32 -3% 1 "s | Thorpe 5-2 2
26 Mafada, 6 112 6 ... 3 4 2h lh 2h ;Hobart 2 8-5
28 Manzanllla. 6 109 3 ... M 11 2 '2 3 2 Jones , ,-., 7-5
22 Magnus 4 112 1 ... 2 1 5 4 5h 4 6 Duffy 1 6 8
... Black Orphan. 3.... 98 8 ... 6 2 6 2 6h 5 ** Fauntleroy ... 20 20
... Correct, 3...... 10619 ... 9 72 7 ,1 6 3 Coburn I 5 8
26 Isabel, a 109 1 5 ... 51 41 44 74 Bozeman ! 6 7
26 Swltzer 5..... ...109 2 ... 7 1 83 85 8 6 W. Flynn i 20 10
... Semper' Leon. 8 106 7 ... 8 6 9 .3 -9 |Snider | 10 jo
Time— 1:15. Good start. Won driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c, by Fellow
Charm-imp. Paloma, V.
themselves In their more comfortable
home.
More lead was put on the Shamrock to
day, ami it appeared as if much of the
extra ballast had been placed aft, as the
yacht showed a bit deeper at the stern.
She is scheduled to go out to-morrow
morning, and the probability is that sh«
will go out to try her bluer rig. it was
Intimated that a new boom and gaff
would be shipped and the milt of 'Bails
brought by the St. Paul would be given
a trial.
HORSE WILL BE
KING OF THE DAY
AT BURLINGAME
A Brii liant Entry in All Classes for
the Annual Open Air Show
and Fete.
The annual horsp show and open-air fete
of the Burlingame Country Club will
commence to-morrow on the club grounds,
Burlingame. The affair will extend over
two days. A most representative entry
has been attracted In all the classes,
which are as complete as those of any
horse show. Among the notable competi
tors are: Princess Poniatowski, Miss
Mary Crocker, F. J. Carolan, Peter D.
Martin. J. D. Grant, E. D. Beylard,
George A. Pope, George A. Newhall, J..S.
Tobin, Richard Tobin, H. T. Scott, H. J.
Crocker, M. S. Wilson, John Parrott and
J. Dyer. Two bands will contribute selec
tions throughout the day and will alter
nate at the hunt ball to-morrow night. A
special amphitheater has been prepared
in which the horses will be judged and
the jumping contests will be held. The
complete entry follows:
California bred harness horses; beat horse 15
hands 3 Inches or over— Prince Eugene, oh. g.,
10 3 th.> Baywood stu.i, Kan Mateo; Sovereign,
t.r ( 1.'.3' t . dam, tr.'ttinK breil, the Baywood
itud, Han Hatoo; Prince, b. g., 15.3"*. Mrs. F.
I. Frank. Hurllnprame; Cardinal RufT, g. 1f.. 3,
Peter D. Martin, San Mitten; Native Son. h. g.,
16, lipnrgre A. Pope, Hurllngame; Guardsman,
b.' g., 16.2 1 -, E. i>. Beylard, Ban Matco; More
land H. J. Crocker, Hurllngame; Hazel, g. m.,
1«, L>. Drysdale, BurlinKame.
< \ilifr>rnia bred harness horses; best pair of
horses, 14 hands 3 Inches and under 15 hands 3
inches— Bungalow Belle and Hrlmstone (see
class 3), the Baywood stud, San Mateo; Citron,
eh. g., lfi.l, and Lemon, eh. m. a 15.1, J. Dyer,,
Burlinßame; Lancer, br. g., 15, and Quadrille,
b. m., 15.1. E. D. Beylard, San Mateo; Laddie,
br. g., 15.1, and Lassie, br. m., 15.1, H. T.
Scott Burlingame; Attempt, b. m., 15.8, and
Paquita b. m., i' 2. Miss Mary Crocker, San
Mateo; Harold and Lady H, Thomas Kelly &
Sons, San Francisco.
Ponies under saddle; best pony, 13 hands 3
Inches and under 14 hands 3 inches— Prunella.
t.r. t..' it*, the Baywood stud; Black Beauty,
bl. in', 13.;< ! 2. the Baywood stud; A^ady Peach,
b. m.. 14.2, Peter D. Martin, San Mateo; Oad
fly F. J. Carolnn, Burlingame; Blaze Away,
P. J. Carolan. Burlingame; Harlequin, F. J.
r'arolan. BurllnKame: Hosina, gr.. Richard To
bin, Burlingamo: Peyton, eh. g., Timothy Hop
kins. Menlo Park.
Single roadsters; horse and best appointed
Continued on Thirteenth Page.
STAR POINTER
DETHRONED AS
PACING KING
Game Old Joe Patchen Wins a
Magnificent Race at the Em
pire City Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept fi.— Fifteen thou
sand enthusiastic spectators were at the
Empire City trotting track to-day to see
the grreai race between the pacers Star
Poii •• i. .Jim- Patchen, John R. Gentry and
Searchlight. The grandstand was crowded
to the guards, the lawn was black with
people and In the Infield there were hun
dreds <>f v. ■hides. In the betting ring
there was a surging crowd only too anx
ious to bet 100 to 3Q on Star Point* r
against the field, until poolselllng was
stopped by the local authorities— which,
however, did not interfere with the books
and backers were .still able to put on
their money. When McCleary appeared
behind Star Pointer he received a rous
ing cheer, !>ut when Joe Patchen, with
ills old lctmiliar white nose and face,
came up the stretch the applause was
still louder, and when the haniisoine little
bay Stallion, John K. Gentry, turned into
the stretch the whole grandstand arose
and applauded.
Searchlight, the great son of Dark
Night, who Is looked upon as the coming
champion, was brought to the Judges'
stand and it was announced that he was
not in racing condition and would not
be a starter.
Three times they came down for the
word, but each tune the starter realized
that they were not exactly on their
stride. At the fourth attempt they came
down like a triple team, and when the
word "Go" was given Pointer at once
started out to win the heat. It was soon
snt-n that Joe Patchen was in racing con
dition, und he hur.g on to the favorite's
wheel wiih the grim determination of a
veteran who never knows when to stop.
Around tlu< back stretch the conflict was
close and exciting, and the public almost
lost Bight "f John K. Gentry, as he was
several lengths behind. Around the top
turn Star Pointer appeared to gam, but
it was simply an optical delusion, and
when the mighty pair swung into the
Btretch it was apparent to everybody that
they were about to see one of the most
magnificent races of the century.
On they came, Star Pointer on his cour
agi- and Joe Patchen d'-siring to beat his
old and mighty antagonist; but try as he
would he could not <iuite get there, Star
Pointer landing a winner by a neck in
Joe Patchen and Star Pointer were both
together, with John R. Gentry about a
length back, when the word was given in
the second beat, and the positions re
mained practically unchanged to the quar
ter, where Patchen assumed the lead and
held it to the wire in spite of the deter
mined effort of McCTeary, who was driv
ing Star Pointer. Patchen won by a
length, with Gentry several lengths in
the rear. Time. 2:02? 4 . This was the fast
est mil<' paced in a race this season.
There was now a rush to cover among
the spectators, who recognized that the
old-time pacing king was to be dethroned,
and they made no mistake. As soon as
the word was given Joe Patchen started
out to complete his victory, and he did it
in a most effectual manner. Star Pointer
broke so badly that he was distanced, and
John R. Gentry was utterly unable to
compete with the horse that he beat at
Rochester and which beat him at Goshen.
The time of the last heat was 2:O4Vi- It
was announced that Star Pointer would
never race again.
The regular programme began with the
2:22 trotting class, for which there were
eight starters, and Senator L was plunged
upon as the favorite at 100 to 40 for the
field. It was simply a runaway race, as
Senator 1., won In straignt heats with four
or five lengths to spare.
In the 2:10 mile dash for trotters the
gray gelding Success was the favorite at
even money, but the bay gelding Alvos,
owned by Xathan btraibs and driven by
Thompson, took the lead at the half and
came home a very easy winner in 2:O9Mt.
The 2:14 trottlnsr class wound up the
days sport. In a field of twelve the black
mare Rubber was the favorite, and she
never gave her backers any cause to
worry, as she simply walked away from
her field, winning in 2:10)4. Results:
Free-for-all pacing:, two in three heats,
purse ? ; ■
Jop Patchen (Dickerson) 2 1 1
John X Gentry (Andrews) 3 3 2
Star Pointer (McCleary) 1 ! <1!s
Time- 80%, 59'- 1:324. 2:n4V4; 30%, 59?*, 1:31%,
2:02%; 324. 1:02. l:33 12.l 2 . 2:04%.
2:22 class trotting, two in three heats, pur.=e
Senator L won In straight heats. Time,
2:i.''s. 2:12. Lasso second; Slipper third. Lu
ollle M, Annie Burns, George C, Fleetwood,
Martha and Richard also started.
2:10 class trotting, nnp-mile dash, purse $B<y>—
Alvoe won. Time. 2:l ni 2. Louise, Corporal.
Success. Dan Cupid, JMone, Memnline. J B D
and I.clah finished in the order named.
2:14 class trotting 1 , two in three, purse $2000—
Rubher won in straight heats. Time, 2:11,
L' l <•'■;. Little Dick-second; Plimmer third. Iris.
Chanty, George Carney, Konster, Edna Cook.
Tlmbret, I'ilot Evans and Fancy King also
started. _____^____
A Painter's Bad Fall.
Alexander Givins, a painter, while work
ing on a scaffold at a building on Clay
ami Walnut streets yesterday afternoon,
fell to the ground, a distance of about
.fourteen feet. He struck on the back of
his head and when taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital It was found that he had
sustained a compound comminuted frac
ture of the skull.
Supervisors' Vacation Trips.
Supervisor Edward Holland returned
yesterday from Piedmont Springs, where
he went for a brief outing. Supervisor
George Collins started on a flying- trip
to Now York yesterday, but expects to re
turn in time for the meeting of the Super
visors on the ISth.
PERMANENT CURES FOR MEN.
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture. Rupture, Tumors, Varicocele, Private
Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Dis-
eases, Bladder Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases, Blood
Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung
Diseases, Rectal Diseases.
AS A fiIIARANTFF DR - MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit
hj a uu An ah ill Tne price of a cure j n any bank in San Fran .
cisco. to be paid after he is entirely well. It it is not convenient to do this
payments may l^e made monthly.
No dang erous remedies or appliances ever used. HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
If you cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis sheets, free advice,
prices and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All let:ers confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 TiT
TAKE ELEVATOR. Houri, Bto 5 daily ; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays oto 11.
SPORTS
BELLES STAKES
TAKEN BY THE
FILLY MUSETTE
Voter Runs a Mile in 1:40 4-5 at
Sheepshead, Winning Pulled
Up From a Fast Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Ek pt B.— The Belles stake?
and the Russet handicap were the fea
tures on the card at the Sheepshead Bay
rack to-day. The former was for
2-year-old fillies over the Futurity course
and Iroquoifl Belle waa mad. the favorite
with Musette second choice. The strut
was good and Musette went out to mak«
the running, closely attended by Runaway
Girl and Oneck Queen. That order was
maintained to the end, Musette winning
easily.
Prince McClurg. at the good price of
10 to 1 took the Russet handicap. He lay
well behind his field to the stretch, and
then came on an<l won easily.
The feature of the day was Voter s
mile 1:40 4-5, he winning pulled up almost
to a walk, with Admiration and other
good ones behind him. Results:
Six furlongs, selling-Belle of Orleans won,
Port Ha*ie second. Herbert third. Time,
'one^mlle— Voter won, Peep o 1 Day si
Admiration third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
The Belles, Futurity fufette won,
Runaway Girl second, Oneck third. Time,
1 'i'ix "f'urlonss-K C B won, Veracious second,
Perfume
won, Maximo Gomez second, Piccola third.
Time, 1:56 2-5. . 
The Rus&et handicap, one and a half rnlles—
Prince McClurg won, Thomas Cat second, The
Bachelor third. Time, 2:1
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.-\Veather clear.
Track fast. Results:
Five furlongs— Parempion won, Orletta sec
ond, Scarlet Lily third. Time. 1:02.
:, furlongs, selling— Pat Garrett won Ra
clvan second, The Bondsman third. Time,
'one mlle-Tullane won, Abe Furst m
Silver Tone third. Time, 1:4.14.
Six furlongs, handicap— Damocles won, Led
ford second, Nertha Nell third. Time, 1:14%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Catastrophe
won, Tll!ie W second, Bitter Root third.
mile— Dr. Nebula won. Gold Fox second,
Tulla Fonso third. Time, 1:39%.
BUFFALO, Sept. 6.— Results at Fort
Erie:
Five furlongs 7<ma won. Tampion second,
Martha Street third. Time, 1:02%.
One — Arquebus won, Frohman second.
Our Lida third. Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs— La Grange won. The Light sec
ond, Alth.-a third. Time, 1:14.
One mile— Paasatc won, Hell Punch second,
Annie Lauretta third. Time. 1:40%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Allle Belle won.
Top Gallant second, Vlrgie 0 third. Time,
1:47%. »
Short course, steeplechase— Frond won, Fred
Perkins second, Charley <> third. Time, 3:C6\i.
FOUR STRAIGHT FOR LEADERS.
New York Baseball Club Loses Every
Game of the Series.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Prt. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 82 30 .6% Plttsburg ...63 53 .521
Philadelphia 78 4*l .62.1 Chicago 61 G2 .4:«6
Boston 73 46 .613 Louisville ...53 65 .449
Baltimore ...6S 48 .586 New Y0rk.. ..61 69 .425
Cincinnati .69 51 .57:.i Washington 41 77 .347
St. Louis 68 35 .5381 Cleveland ...19 107 .151
NEW YORK. Sept. The Brooklyn* won
their fourth straight game from the New Yorka
to-day. The local team outfiflded the Brook
lyn? but could not bat Me.Tames' pitching.
Doheny settled down after the third Inning-,
but It was then too late. Attendance, 1290.
Score:
Clubs- R - H. E.
New York 4 4 1
Brooklyn 6 11 4
Batteries— and O'Neill; McJames and
Farrell. Umpires— Emslie and Dwyer.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— The Orphans hit Leever
freely at the start, but could not locate his
benders after the third Inning. The Jonahs
pegged Garvln at about the same rate, tietng
the score In the fourth and winning out in
the eighth on two hits and a steal. Attend
ance, 600. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chicago * 11 3
Plttsburg 5 10 1
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue; Leever and
Bdwerman. Umpire? and McDonald,
BOSTON, Sept. 6. — After Lowe had tied the
score in the ninth by a home run to-day Bal
timore won by hard and consecutive hitting in
the tenth. Robinson was struck in the face
by a pitched ball and retired in the fifth in
ning The features were Smith's batting and
a quick double play by Smith and Lachance.
Attendance, 2200. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Boston 3 9 4
Baltimore 5 10 1
'Batteries— Lewis and Bergen; Nops, Robinson
and Smith. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
Schuetzen Prizes Distributed.
The San Francisco Sohuetzen Vero'n
gave a ball iast night at Germania Hall,
620 Bush street, and also distributed the
prizes won at their festival last Sunday
at Shell Mound Park. There were eighty
nine prizes distributed to the winners In
the company's special shoot fnr members.
To the winners in the public shoot the
cash prizes, amounted to $360, while the
howling prizes amounted to ?7">. The com
mittee on distribution of prizes consisted
of J. Thode, Henry Koster and D. Sal
field. Dancing was kept up until a late
hour.VOLUNTEERS IS
AN ESCORT FOR
THE BEAR FLAG
Night Parade Plans
Completed.
FOUR BIG DIVISIONS IN LINE
LIST OF AIDS ANNOUNCED BY
MARSHAL DOCKERY.
Santa Cruz Getting Into Her Giddiest
Clothing and Arranging All
Sorts of Fetes for the
Sons.
California Pur.or No. 1, the banner par
or of the whole State organization, will
cad the Native Sons to the ferry at S:3G
>"clock to-morrow night. That lint was
•ettled yesterday after some little dis
msslon. In all the fetes that have taken
ilace the old California lias never fol
owed anybody, but it looked this lime a?
though it would have to. There were
numbers who objected to paying $30 fox
a band, and without a band California
kvould have had to give way to some
more extravagant rival, Grand Marshal
Dockery and Assistant Grand Secretary
Jamison hold out for the music, however
mid it was decided their way. Jamison
raid if the parlor would not stand for it
he would do the digging himself At th«
same time Marsha.! Dockery outlined thi
rest of the night parade.
A platoon of Chief Lets 1 finest will lead
:'ff from X. S. G. W. Hall on Mason
street, near Geary; then will come Dock
cry and his numerous aids, and after
them the First California Volunteers
who will act as an escort of honor to tht
ferry. The parlors will follow in the fol
lowing order: First division— Division
Marsha! Ed Taaffe and aids, Blanehard's
sand, California Parlor No. 1, Mission
Parlor No. 3b. Ei Dorado Drum Corps, El
Dorado Parlor No. 52. Stanford Parlor
No. 7'>: second division— Marshal Leo
Collier and aids; Pacific Parlor and. Pa
:!ri<j Parlor No. 10; Yerba Buena Parlor
So. S4; Rlncon Parlor Drum Corps, Rin
,on Parlor No. 72, Bay City Parlor No.
."■!; third division— Marshal Del B. tow
e'y and aids. Golden Gate Parlor bind.
3olden Gate Parlor No. 29 Niantlc Par
or No. 105, Columbia Parlor No. 121', Na
ional Parlor Drum Corps, National Par
or No. IIS, Aicatraz Parlor No. 14~>
Alcalde Parlor No. ir.4: fourth division—
Hesperian Parlor band, Marshal A. K.
Daggett and aidi, Hesperian Parlor No.
L 37, South Sun Francisco Parlor No. 157
Sequoia Parlor No. 100, San Francis, c
Drum Corps, San Francisco Parlor No.
19, Olympus Parlor No. IS9, Precita Par
or Drum t'orps. Precita Parlor Xn. IST
Presidio Parlor No. 194, Marshall Drum
.orps, Marshall Parlor No. - -.
As his aids Grand Marshal I >ockery has
ippointed the following: Judge J. E.
Barry. Hen Davis, William H. Metson
John Lenehan. David Martin, G. II
Jmbsen, \V. R. Milton, Al Morgenstern
i. P. Wieland, J. J. Jamison. C. R. Hev
rrin, E. Hayden of Sausalito, G. D.
Philips, T. P. Martin, James T. Bailey
'... P. Powelson. E. C. Anderson, G. N
un Orden, W. C. Foley, L,. J. Aubert, H
i, W. Dinkelspiel. J. B. Keenan, A. R
i'aughh; Judge Frank H. Dunne, L. If
Conn; J. A. Devoto, L. C. Plstolesl, J. P
.'•'strove, F. T. Finch and A. Nickel
Mr. Dockery's chief of staff will be C
\. Boldemahn and the chief of aids Dr.
rheodore Rethers.
A number of visiting Sons from the
lorthern part of the State arrived In
own yesterday and will go to Santn
'ruz as guests 'of the ... local par
ors. The coterie was led by Conrad
rOttwalls of Marysville, ex ins • and
■utside sentinel of the order. Mr. Gott
valls will be the so'.f representative of
Js town at the celebration. He has been
aken In hand by Ben Hanlon, financial
ocretary of California Parlor, who will
cc to the entertainment of the visiting
irethren during their stay in town.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
ir without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
. . ■» .
In the Divorce Court.
Bp< r has been granted a oi
from Charles M. Spear on statu
• ry - Vnn F. Henry has se
livorce from George
B. Henr; I - round of failui
' was g led a dl
• : .on the ground
aye been fil< <1 by
• st James H. M
•: against
jsen for desertion: George
■
rman against Walter P.
and Eunl
Prank H. Muller for fail
■. Ide.
GRAPE-NUTS.
An Interesting
I Photo !
• . •
5 A Baby s Testimonial for •
I GRAPENUTS. I
Amateur pnotograpneni recognize tne
difficulty in securing good "interiors."
of the mosl perfe< I
this sort of photography was rec<
by the Postum Cereal Co. a short time
[ng in perfect light and with
est lines, a baby in a high
tble, t)i" mother in the
I feeding baby some Grape-Nuts ]
with a spoon. The little one has one j
on the spoon and is evidently i
; :,^" the food. A package of 1
• >n the table, an i
ihat, together v-ith nil the utensils, are
tly outlined. The picture contains
much detail, but could not be success-
fully reproduced on newspaper, otlu-r-
-wise It would be given here.
The mother writing, states: "I take
pleasure in sending you a photo of
Mabel Anltn Bennett, who is very fond
(rape-Nuts. Among all the pre-
pared foods we find Grape-Xuts espec-
ially fine for children beginning to eat
solids; they are so easily digested and-
Bhlng. Little Mabel Is always
very eager when she sees us preparing
Grape-Nuts for her, and you can see
by her face how thoroughly satisfied
she iR with her meal. She seems to
think her mamma needs help in get-
ting the Grape-Nuts to her mouth and \
the picture is true to life. I want to
thank >"U for placing such a delicious
and delicate food "ri tne market. Ke-
fully. Mrs. L- y>- Bennett, Forrest, !
No Btomach is too delicate to receive
and tin 1 -* *; Grape-Nuts, for the reason
■,V ;i t • really pre -digested by
tne p • hrough which it passes,
I, tii' manufacture, and by these pro-
. the starch is transformed into
BUgar, which is ready at one- to
d and build up the
tissues of both muscle and brain.
All first-class grocers sell Grape-
Nuts and the Postum Cereal Co. Ltd
them at their factories at Battle :
Creek. i
How Some Prominent Native Sons May Appear at the Forthcoming Celebration.
<^==~jfr772y and Jfcivy 9fewc?~=s^>
TWENTY-SEVENTH
HAS JOINED THE
WAITING TROOPS
Reached the Presidio
Yesterday.
The Twenty-seventh Infantry, under
command of Colonel Ned Bell, arrived fit
the Presidio yesterday and is now camped
on the* hill with the Thlrtj and
Thirty-fourth. The regiment commenced
to arrive in the morning and all day sec
tions of it kept coming In to the Presidio.
By the middle of the afternoon it was ail
in camp.
The Twenty-seventh is from Camp
Meade Pa., and all of its men are from
the New England States. The trip out
here was made without incident except
in the case of Lieutenant Kennedy of
Company I, who picked a fight with the
conductor and received a flesh wound In
the leg for his pains.
The story is that the conductor made
some remarks about the men which Ken
nedy resented by striking the conductor
in the face. The conductor drew his
pocketknife and in the mix up which fol
lowed Kennedy was cut In the leg. He
is now in the general hospital. There Is
some talk of a board to Inquire Into his
conduct.
The Thirty-fourth Infantry will pet
away first after all. The vanguard will
go oil the transport Columbia and the re
mainder of the regiment, a force of seven
companies, will sail on the Belgian King,
which is nearly ready to leave. The
Thirtv-nrst will go on the Sherman about
September 15 or 16, and the Twenty-sev
enth will sail soon after on the Grant,
probably about the 18th inst.
The Twenty-seventh Regiment has had
no target practice, and Saturday morn
ing it will be sent out to the shooting
ranges to put In a week under the in
struction of Captain Hughes, the in
structor in rifle practice. ihe regiment
had built a range at Fort Meadtj and
was preparing lor target practice when
it v..u> ordered West.
The Thirty-first and Thirty-fourth have
been" having target practice right along,
and now their omcers are mixing in drills.
The Thirty-fourth gave a dress parade
Tuesday evening in honor of Admiral
Kautz, "who called upon Colonel Kennon
at the camp. Yesterday evening tlu
Thirty-first was on dress parade on
the Infantry parade ground. In the
meantime two battalions of the Ihirty
fourth were having skirmish drill up on
the hills back of the post buildings. 'ihej
were using blank cartridges and the rat
tle of their lire waked the echoes.
Two twelve-Inch rilles have arrived at
the Presidio within the past few days
and they are now being mounted by First
Lieutenant McNair, Third Artillery,
ordnance officer of the post, with a de
tail of artillerymen. There are three
eight-Inch rifles now on the Presidio
wnarl awaiting transportation to where
they will be mounted on the heights.
The following Officers have Dei urdvtta
out here to await transportation to UK
Philip]
Willis P. Coleman, Ninth Infantry; Du
pont B. Lyon, Sixteenth Infantry; Ar
thUS V. Watts, Fourth Infantry, and 13
1.. Admire, Twenty-second Infantry,
umah.i. >>ebr.; William -V Hugh< .- Jr.,
Thirteenth Infantry, Columbus barracks,
Ohio; Leslie A. I. Jiapman, First Cavalry*
Omaha, Nebr.
Two candidates from the Third ArtUler;
have been recommended to the board •>■
examination for commissions as BecoiiC.
lieutenants. They are Private James li
Como and Private John S. Davis, both o.
Battery 1. The board will meet to exam
me them to-morrow.
The bund of the First California Regi
ment will play this afternoon in Union
Square and afterward it will be given a
banquet ny the ladies of the lied Cross.
On September 17 it will play in Golden
Gate Park and at the Garneld memoria
services. The band will not turn in its In
struments until the last moment possi
ble. Several of the bandsmen own theii
Instruments, and an effort will b«
made to have the Government take then
and refund to the owners their purchasi
price.
James Grinter of Battery A, Californi;
Heavy Artillery, was taken to the gen
eral hospital yesterday with a bad
burned head and face. He was trying t<
extract the powder from a loaded six
pounder shell, when part of the powd<
exploded. He is not seriously Injured.
George E. Hicks, Company E, (dad
regiment, was buried in the post temeter;
yesterday, afternoon. He died at the ho>
pita! Monday of dysentery. •
' The North Dakota regiment will b.
■riven two months' pay to-morrow. Or
ders were sent out that all the ordnanc*
stores of the regiment should be turned
in by" noon to-morrow, but the regimen:
is scheduled to escort the Minnesota mci
to camp, so their arms will not be givei
up until after the Minnesotans shall haw
arrived. * - ■
Major George W. Fishback, paymaster,
has been assigned to duty in this depart-
Tuesday night a number of. the employes
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
of the Will & Flnck Co. tendered a ban
quet to Corporal Morris L. Markowitz,
Company A, First California Volunteers
Before his enlistment Markowitz was em
ployed in the crockery department of the
store, and as soon as he is mustered out
he will assume his old position. In the
first battle fought by the Californians
Markowitz was promoted from private to
corporal for bravery. The following were
present: M. Markowitz. William Litzius,
D. J. Broderlck, E. P. Thyes, K. F. Fass
man. E. J. Kaplan. H. H. Bernstein. J. C.
Levy, L. P. Ober, C. James. A. Cook. C.
E. Wiggin, F. C. Stalb. C. H. Kansteiner,
J. Neuenburg, K. Bamish, F. E. Coolidge,
F. W. Scott G. C. Sapin, W. W. West and
W. H. Middlehoff.
Captain Edward T. Winston, Nineteenth
Infantry, has been assigned to duty with
the recruits at the Presidio, pending his
assignment to the Philippines.
m
REUNION OF COMPANY B.
Veterans and Active Members
Dine Together at the
Occidental.
Company P. of the First California Regi
ment held a notable gathering last even-
Ing. The affair was a banquet given by
the veteran members of the company to
the active members so lately returned
from the Philippines laden with new hon-
MISS MAY BALDWIN WILL
WEAR THE ROYAL ERMINE
SANTA i"RIV.. Sept. 6.— Miss May {
Baldwin will reign as queen of
the carnival, which is to be one
of the biggest and most beautiful
features of the celebration of Admission
day, which begins in this city on Friday.
The contest for the royal ermine closed
to-night, and the counting of the bri'iots
ed that Miss Baldwin had won with
rotes. Her nearest competitor, .m..-^
Anna Linscott. polled 828.
Miss Baldwin is the daughter of l. k.
Baldwin, president of the City Bank, and
ij a. prominent and Immensely popular
Native Daughter. Her election Is hailed
with general satisfaction.
This city is wildly enthused over a
telegram received this evening from Col
onel Victor Duboce, stating that himself
GOO of the First California Yolun
will arrive Saturday morning to
participate In the big parade.
ors for the old command and new experi
ences for its records. The banquet was
at the Occidental Hotel in the main
•a, and there were 200 and more
present.
Company R Is the nid "City Guard." It
was formed whdi the water came up to
Montgomery street, and when its first
members grew too old to actively perform
the duties of a citizen soldier they save
way to new men and formed a veteran as
tion that lives along with the still
young command. The veterans used to EO
to the drills; they used to sit around the
:ire in the company room after the drills
were over and tell the young men how
they "sod to soldier in the old days, and
when finally the war came they gathered
together to sp^ed their hoys on and to
swell the farewell chrer that went away
k vith the old company. Then when the
boys came hack the veteranfl arranged the
banquet, and last night they all dined to
gether
onel George R. Eurdlck was toast
tei Hi s;ii at the head of the tahle,
General Dickinson on his left and
ne ] Duboce "ii his right. Along the
■ .n1 table on either side were the vet
eran members and the Invited guests, and
• long tables running from the head
• able were more veterans and the boya
.'ho still wear the Government hlue.
The menu was an excellent one, and it
,ok hours for the men to run the gamut
from oysters to the cheese and coffee. At
very Interval or change of plates was set
some familiar bugle call, and through the
■it tie of conversation could now and then
... beard the music of the orchestra. It
.\.is a noisy crowd, for those who stayed
had to tell what happened here to those
who went, and those who went had more
ell those who stayed; so every one
talked at once until Colonel Burdiek, as
'oastmaster. claimed the floor and pro
..iv.-.i "The President." The band respond
(l with "The Star-Spangled Banner," and
ben General Dickinson responded. "The
'Irst Regiment, California Volunteers,"
ivafl the next toast, responded to by Colo
el Duboce. Captain George Filmer. com
nander of the company, responded to
< Mir Guests — Our Old Company," and
><irge R. Sanderson, commander of the
eteran Association. X. Q. ('.. responded
"Our Country." Colonel W. C. Little
esponded to "The Ladies," and Sergeant
\Viillam J. Haves of the company re
-l<onded to "A Soldier's Trials."
There were other speeches and other
oasts, brought up on the spur of the
noment, and there were songs and stories
i ikl jokes until the hour grew from re
■;>. •■i-ta.bly late to questionably early, and
ii'-re was the best of good cheer for every
ne. A iid In the midst of it all there was
lie thing not forgotten. On the first page
if the souvenir was a list of those who
went out with the old company but did
not return. There were five of them—Ser
vant Charles B. Lemon, Luther H. Dlns
nore, John V. Punmore, Tage F. Fret
itrom and George H. Perkins. Their
I names were read and a tribute was paid
| to thtjjr honored memory.
! Among the veteran members of the com
! mand who were present were: Major Gen
i eral J. H. Dickinson; Major General Wal- ]
I ter Turnbull, Colonel W. C. Little, Colonel
iG. W. Grannis. Colonel J. IS. Burgln,
Lieutenant George R. Burdick. Major A.
D. Grlmwood. Major I. B. Cook, Major F.
I S. Pott. Captain H. A. Plote. Captain
George Filmer. Lieutenant Frank J. War
ren. Lieutenant A. P. Plote, Judge J. C.
B. 11. bbard, Lieutenant B. BturdJvant,
: Lieutenant A. liamm.
Thr comn I arrangements was
composed of Lieutenant Fr< d A. Baldwin,
Sorgt-atit Walter N. Kelly and Corporal
Edward T. Foley. The reception commit
tee had for members Lieutenant Frank J.
Warren, Corp< ■ i E. Prentice and Private
George R. Sanderson.
SOLDIERS AT A SMOKER.
Mission Parlor. N. S. G. W., Enter
tains Members Who Served in
the Philippines.
Mission Parlor Mo. 38, X. S. O. W.. List
i rilKht pntc-rtalned its soldier members
who returned wl£b the California Volun
teers. These are .). C. Bejcher, W. R.
Gerdes, l". A. Walte, T. R. I'faff and A.
X. Waite. The f-ntertainment was in th.
form of a smoker, which was presid d
lover by Dell P.. Bowley, who wns Intro
MISS BALDWIN, QUEEN-ELECT.
duced by President Nlppert. A number of
short addres! ■ • wen m td< . 'I. Honnett
spoke on "Pati lotism" : v. ! > h
bury on "The Flag"; w. p. Humphrey
Jr. on "The Army and Navy"; Past
President Tnresen on "The Native Sons";
Judpe J. K. Altken on "The First Cali
fornia Reidme:it" and Eugene K. !t>Tt on
"The Statf> of California." There were
vocal selections by the Columbia quartet
and M. Colgan; Instrumental selections
by H. Cramer and other entertaining
numbers, besides anecdotes of th" war
by tin guests of the evening. An ex
cellent collation was served.
Receptions by Native Sons
To-nipht California Parlor No. 1 of the
Native Sons of the Golden West will ten
der a reception in its hall to its soldier
members who have returned from Manila.
On the night of the 12th National Parlor
will hold a reception ai Delmonlco's in
honor of its thirteen members who enlist
ed for the Spanish-American war. All but
two of these are either commissioned or
non-eommissloned officers. This parlor
furnished the largest number of volun
teers during: the war.
The reception which was to have been
O¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥•
I LAME BACK FOR 32 YEARS
I jlfiife/ CURED by D^PIERCE'S BELT |
i "y Asbbw)^ V^«i-«i?^~ OFHIR. Cal., July 16. 1899.
'»' l^nrSiy^ Pierce Electric Co.. San Kranclsco— Cents:
I ■~~?'' 3^^-l H" m : I f Tour Electric Belt cured me of a lame buck l,
- Jkl\ A / of 32 years' standing. I Rot your Belt 8 year* C
5" —^? iK&T tv" 1 - St ' r..^*^ a B° and used it a short time and from thai -c
*■ —**~K/^Jxr W^St!iftr^^««» Cr-- I 7 time on have had no trouble of that kind. J
it M F '^M^^y^ Yours v ' r - truly. CERIACO ESTRADA. *
>• C>^^^K 7 * 3fL^Rlr^S > '* I^ l^ MR - RICHARD HOLMES of Santa Monica. «
«- ' /^lxi2if-Ai"v^J / V7>\ a!.. In writing u« on June 16. w r<. says: "Dr. -fc
5 - V?ym' "^fE!3l 'rVA Fierce, your Belt proves to be A GRAND SUC-
*" '^t/Uo'Qn'J/ icS^P^Sr^- We have hundreds of letters like the above "<
$ K~ -Sr^Sf^ — now on nic ana others arriving all the time. ]»
■*" "n^?>s«» f^fl^j*J' !A'~'- It you want a Belt that will CURE, try "DR. J
*" '^*^t!m J Jffi\ I f v: f TIERCE'S" and you will not be dipappolnted.
>. •^%^j|H^^^^^ZL~~ CX Booklet No. 2 tells all about It. Call at "I
*■ 'r '^jflnßH^'v^ office or send 2o In "tamps. Address '*
| PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, I
*' 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San -Francisco, Cal. "<
given to soldier members by Golden Gate
i 1 r last Wednesday has been post
: until next Wednesday nipht.
Sequoia Parlor is arranging a reception
to Its soldier ni.mbers on a date to be an
nounced hi r< a : ; •r.
KNOCKED DOWN AND BOBBED
Experience of Harry C. Carlton, a
Member of the Colorado
Regiment.
Harry G. Carlton, a member of Com
pany G, First Colorado Regiment, was
treated at the Receiving Hospital early
yesterday morning for a severe lacerated
wound in his scalp.
He said that while in the neighborhood
of St. Mary's Hospital some one had come
up behind him and struck him on the
back of the head with some instrument,
knocking him down. He was robbed of
$14 in cash and a gold watch and chain.
Carlton walked to the Cafe Royal and
there asked for a drink of water, as he
felt taint. He told the bartender of what
had happened him and Policeman Hurley,
who was notified, had him sent to the
Receiving Hospital in the patrol wagon.
He was unable to give any description of
his assailant.
UNION SQUARE CONCERT.
First California Regiment Band Will
Play This Afternoon.
The ladles of the California Club have
m.i'i>- arrangements for a concert to be
given by the First California Regiment
band in Union Square this afternoon be
tween " and "> o'clock. The band con
sists .if twenty-five pieces arid the follow
ing programme of music has been
specially prepared.
March, "General Miles": overture, Impromp
tu: two-step, "My Soldier Man"; waltz,
"Autumn Flowers"; Filipino march (Paso
Doblea for bunlf-s) by A. Kelson Adams: *c
"Wan«": rap time. "When Dew.-y
H.rjr Again"; medley "Brudiler Gard-
Plcnlc"; overture, "Ptrathmori>" ; march,
itan."
IOWA REGIMENT
IS READY TO SAIL
MANILA. Sept. 6.— The lowa regiment,
the last of tin' volunteer organizations on
duty In the Island of Luzon, has been
withdrawn from Calula t<> the barracks ;<t
Calucan, preparatory t<> departure for
borne. Th< number who will sail is Si~>6.
Lens than 300 "i the regiment were left <m
duty ;;t the front when the order came
tor thi Ir !■ •f. 406 being on the sick list.
This regiment has undergone hard out
post duty for three months, during which
time I has been very much ex;!<>st j 'l to the
rains. Seventy-flve members "f thp regi
i! hay-( re-enlisted. All the [owana
• i In Borne of the fighting be
tween Maloloa and Ban Fernando and not
one of them \\..s killed in battle. Thirty
nine were wounded and nine died of dl's
'!'!.• Insurgents continue to make
demonstrations In the vicinity of imu.«.
Th> American outposts were obliged to
fire volleys the past three nights.
. ♦ .
ADMISSION DAY CELEBRATION.
Extra Train Service to Santa Cruz.
In addition to the regular train ser
vice between San Francisco and Santa
Cruz and the special train which is to
be run over the narrow-gauge at 8:30
o'clock on' the evening of the Bth fnst.,
the Southern Pacific Company will ex
tend the run of the 4:15 p. m. train to
Santa Cruz on that date. Trains will
return from Santa Cruz at 5:35 a, m.,
September 9.
California Soldiers Play Ball.
Tlii" 1 Oakland Heesmans. one of the best
knowo baseball clubs on the coast, will
play the regimental baseball club. First
California Volunteers, on Sunday, the 17th
) Inst., at the Presidio baseball gTounds.
: The volunteers comprise some well-known
players, an<l b splendid game Is anticl
' pated. Neither money nor pains will be
spared by Manager Noble to make this
affair the event of the season.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
' Oom Paul tells the story
of his life.
LOTTERY DRAWING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
KENTUCKY LOTTERY
MONTH OF AUGUST, 1899,
Decided by the Drawing, of
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
DRAWN IN PUBLIC
THURSDAY, AUGUST 31, 1899.
~* Fmiis I '»■ 'ias ! _. -Ssi! '*"£&'■
•*• liiii '* hMit ' TJ~«ii tttd*
23....512 TV- .512 j 15452.... 520 1 22672.... «12
S3 8 7398 3 15691 - MTU .... SO
113 10 TJ33 .. SO! 15971.... 40 22W3 12
121 2J 7541 gi 16881 12
205 S 7544 g! 23027 ..... 8
2i»2 12 7JG4 8 1 16010 .*... 8 0089 12
370 5 7644 20 10012 9 1 23 102 12
J23 8; 7061 1. : »U 12 53 133 13
835 SOI 'Kill? 8 2:194 ...,12
C2O 20 8007 12 16130 12 2322$ 8-
-677 12 8039 5 16113 8 2:r>49 20
,775 8 81SG 8 16146 60 23271 8
I 8349 8 : 1U223 IS ! 23494 . —4O
14*4 12 6390 12 16250 - 1 23648 8
1510 8; 8478. 16309 12 -'37.3*. 20
1545 20 6520 8 ! 16334 12 S37M 20
16*7 ,12 8523 40 16356 B 23828 8
1763 12 1 BCCS 8 18431 0883.... II
1 8313 8:16523 20 ! -3283 20
2071 8 v --. - 1 - 23826 8
2254......12 8911 8 17214 12! 23937 12
2269 12; 6971 It! 17290 12 23902 20
2280 20 j 17304...-. -
2436 8 0043 20 1750S 40 2404V.-.M2
2507 8 9184 20 17723 20 Z»«SO 8
2909 12 '9379 & 17746 24114 0
2890 8 9082 20 17785 1* .'4121 8
•991 8 9452 12!17!-21 12 ! !»131 6
2969 8 4681 20 1 17858.. . . 8124157 8,
I 9832 2* 2*214 «0
3000 40 SMS *0 18021 24235 »
3232 . ■ 0:93 .... 8 18097 r?24263 •••■ 8
3261 12 182K7 8:24279 -28
3317 . 12 10013 8 18350 12<243u2 ...II
8356.... 5 1 10077 40 < ■-; J 12 ! -4.107 12
3516 12 10262 20 I*3lB 20 24317 9
3583 20|1«2G4. 8 18016 ■ 24584 . — 6O
Mo. 8598 '10423 ...4 IS6JJ 12124596 40
$500 ;l''6C-t 12,18788 2«:«4«80 12
3T.;l TV 10678 SOJISBH 20 -.'■ 20
3T*0..-..12M'J529 20 i 18*27 12 24769 40
3640 Si ISS--1; • -* 9 '" •■••12
3873 J 11078 12118946 12,2*9:6 8
3874 5J11293 8! 24W8 ..._ 3
89U7......40 1 11444 12.1M14 91
8925 12 11374 .1..12 : 192W -'" 5146 II
, IIWBT .. j.l ■.<-: 12; 25208 8
40OJ ....*•! '11009 12 :-■.■' ....:: 2*301 8
4413 3 19KI 844JM33 8
4415 44 12019 1- IOJU 12 2Js2r> 12
47P0 12 12995 * 19'U<; -i 23543 20
4131 i; 0 121*5 S 107., a 25773 -.. 8
4;sf 8 12338 8 l"9.:» I sjsra 3
(869 81 2354 - IW9J 8 2SB-J1 ...-20
No. 4889 '-'356 9 »
, $200 12*10 ■••• 20 200*! 20 Mica . . 20
f 1*431 12 2003 i.. i M2SJ ....«
5034 S^ 12543 ... 12 2')-.'26 ... rt I'"-*-} »
6200 .... b 126T2 ! 20247 . .. 8 !M!»S ....11
5344 ... 12*20 12 .'O2- - .'• I 12
o»7<> 12 12572 ... 12 » ■'• 8 . -'■ 184 ....' 12
6407 4V 128»'.' 12 204"'... B 2*186 20
SWO 12 129-54....... 12 2»1I2 12 .1(944 ....20
s<il9 8 20636 9
4627 40 131"6 .... B 20SSI 2a 27011 8
5754 . .. 8 18832 v- 20*72 8 27OC* 8
57ii 12 13529 12 20714 11 2710? 12
5*47 40 IStfM... 5 Jo7ii'J «0 2724T 8
5954 8 13875 4'J -'0771 ... i 27341 20
5097 12 13911 20 20'j12 8 37463 8
. 13950 8 JO3BO 3 27*80 8
60*7 8 ISWSB ....40 ■ 27707 8
6083 2« 13?96 ... . 5 21*47 20 2790J 9
620* 8 21401..... 20 27S' 1 9 ...12
6237 ? 14"14 8 21433..... 5 27830 12"
6296 12 140?* 2>> i'l'i',l4 12 27M At
6359 $ 14093 6 21747 *)•
S4sis 41 14115 « 21759 20 2-H7 8?
650'; i 1416') 12 tlt&l 8 ■-'-!-! ....SM
i>556 20 143u7 3 2!S';'.i 12 2>*ll 411
6890 S 14472 « 21911 3 2--US if
6923 5 14473 20 2*4 M 12
6971 12 11531 8 22077 ... 40 2«.V0......20
14596 8 22145 * 293<>5....i.-i
7044 20 No. 22274 .-'■•.•- ....*0
fin 12 15056 « $200 2i5f7 '9
7170 12 13240 20 22362 12 £i 633./-.. 3
7196 12 13333 90 2*4--. 60 2^06 ...8
(J292 12 15375 8,22541 .0 iii'.'f 12
hut m «t« »»!41jm*..612|m«j 53 ' 57516.:...*S
t>i«. 4., .•. «■ 2'i'*23.'S 12 ;, .-,■„; . : 17J90 8
sivjh ii 3\rn... .. 8 4*431 .... 1J60814 ... » 57«54 8
!«! <• S.VJ4O i. 4*473...... 20 MH3S... 60 i iTCiW
tr.SJ ... - «307 8 ! 4**74..?...!2!503ri 12;»<i34 12
►C7l" 12 35*37 8J42M1 BJBO9JI .tOISISM I!
\tX3i IS 19 ■■: It ! *27J3....« 8 5T597...-«
iJf7i! ... 8 "5047 IJU2STS 0 SI OO9 .. 8 JTBM 12
'2»9M ■. BJ3W 8i ■ 51119 20 i
, ■ •■!■: . 1JH3177 . 4fi!sil:» - 58024 8
;300« .- ; --•- . 8 43129 «0;5i143 ...SO Ml 46 .8
;301J3 20 31974 (I 43454 .... •< V:« 8 ....I2MBIK 8
•<034» so 43517. ... si 3123.1. ..... 8 t8205 8
,90414 5 31*14 40 4*540 12131257 ll 155209 6;
50*41 !t!S<.-o*3 8 i 43800 ...U ! 514*7 9 J8214 28
IS«^l5 . IJi3GO7B 8- 1*1637..;. .. BIMHM 40
1MK......11 M 3« ... 4*114. ; 518T3 .Ml 58311 8
Isnws «.S«*7S 8 44353 H ttlttT. .. I SWIS 4«,
|50»4«...:..*0,3«76« .1! (4<28 4" HTM.. 1 1 58JTJ ™12
I I 14474. . 1 '.!•■' B JB4U ...'.40
: 31115 ... 40 3702! 20 44731 .... 8J31R23 8 ; 55474 12
31159 .. .1! No. 37069 ! 44741 e!5I13« 8 HS9S it
■ 31172 81 $200 ;**5«6...... 8 J1892 . 8^53510 8
H3IXS 4« 17 1 85 It 135J57 ....40
•312*3 12 ,37330 40 45031 ...1! 'S2OK 20 : 587P6 20
'3181? 111J7J90 12! 4318s 6»tot.' 5 MEM 8
'lisn . 8 i-*sr, . 40U3233 .... 8 3J12« 2.0:38S01 6
lU7I ....'0 97320 20 43376...,.20i5212S .. 12 58879 .... 8
■31490.. 8|37327 40 43734 12 52175 12:3^908 ...M
31324 2" ST6BI ... 8*3999 8.32* i«.. 6C55921 S
31384 12.371 US . . 20; ! 32253....'.. 8j
I*l4ll .•..!! M 46217 20 32344 M 39U- S
;jl«l« .... 8 37935 II 4**9* 8 M4OB .....W 5M7*.... 12,
131707 ...It 37984 »0i4«t31 8 UMI ...28 "'• '■ 3
317!! 8 H40C34. ....12 32612 . 20 S9SBS ....II
SI73T .... 8"3«O78 40 4CC3I 12 1 52971 12 SWS9 s!
31755 SJSSIB4 80 4irr»l 20 SMI! (4
131834. .:_12J3«*4« I 1 4«>18 ... BNo 68016 ***** 40-
-131950 12 U33»5 20,*C923 .... i $4000 ! ***53 8
J31V93 8 3»365 ...12 15»51 . ... 6 53203 S;S9SO« 12
! 3S4=S 8' J?,3si> 20'V530 It
33000 20;.-)5323 ... 8! 47920 8 53J«3 8 59820 40
(32001 60!j«33l 0 470K It 43539 ..- S t 869 12
132142 ... g.'<sso« .. Si47!>M 8 5354!" fS9«BS ....'.Z
■:-'.' 7 I* .■: i . t 47115 12 53<;J7 . 4" 59980 .... 1?
MM 4 .-T-4 B 47214 12;M939 20 -
32249 8 3*37 40 47244 8 s.i«K>7 I 8OI»7 50
3-'2J7 .11 No. 88933 173M..-.J |80204 4C
SUM 40j $2000 '47367 .... 8:34071 12;6"230 8
!5*335...... 8 58977 12!47527 8 34113 8 (0241 8
32163 81 47.'..-' - - MI4I ■ 80SS2 12
«'!3.) IS.JM34 B 47868.. .. 8J(42M~ .. 6 60.'39 8
HOC: ..... Bi3»U7 12 47913 54301 « 81 181 8
32719 ...20 3i>265 8, 54312 CO M34H . .. 8
32751 a I*slB ... 20.49022 20 ! 343« . - -'I. I
3252S -5..3.'«53 12 49109 ...40 5-1325 4» 60431 8
32«<7 8|89«!M.:....!0'4*'133 . 40 34343 12:6. 481 .... 8
MW3 12*39773 8 48180 4* 1 3*535 . 13J50529 8
BJWI. — 12 No. 89878 1! 54579 . ... B 6.-5.41 12
, , $600 18428 20|34891 ... - ■ SO3 8
1*874. ... 8.'48593 20 S4M6 8 ! 6C.5(H 8
53039 B 14*38 40 5*127. .. 8 SOS** 40
33073 12 40079 20|46«4? 20 1 «0735._.. i
3J143 9 4015J 40 48478 ... 55304 *■• 80782 5
33239. 6 40381 .. .. S 45866..,._ 8 i»3»3 2o;80910 8
.5343J .. 20 40381 8 18888 ...... ■ 55408 5'
33527 ...„ c 140441 81 (55437 ..121(1«75.™..' I
33J30 It 49416 12 '4'i!42...-..40 ! 35534 . i 810*8 .. II
33744 8(40490 - ISIU 48 53547 .... 8 61098 8
•837 M c 40350 .. lt|4«4U« I] (MfJ 40|6113« I
33833 Be utfa - Men 12 3i<W7 .... - 6122.1 29
'53594 I BM2B ... I 4*358 » 551-14 8 6i!*l i
33921 8 4030 1 12 Ho. 40769 .6IS4S 8
.3399J 20 40573 ...» SI3.OJQ »8027...._20|«2«7 12
. ! 49779 8 65032 8 1 61337 8
■ ■ 41033 ...M 4?7f 11 8 3«3«7 $13*9 8
;541U 20 410*9 12 49E02 8 5*421 8 l M.i 9* 8
5*115 12 41063 •* 41611 ... 12 5<i482 5U1399 8
34146 8.44173 8 «9Sfll t0!38516 . . 60' 61651 II
14192 12 41330 12 4?J->1 4«!56643 20 1 5*3 I
34531 20 41437 8 56691 20 6199! 8
J!t3? • 41491..,.. 8 50114 8-58707 «0
ij>«*l 8 41710 8 >-07 8 58898../...12 62037 40
«*314 12 417«8 40-5M14 8 66948 .. 6 62197 12
34333.... 12, 41903.'... ..12 50315 8 56*83 1! 62213 20
(?4«51.._..40 10488 40 1 ''•62259 ..... 8.
*4719 12 42012 40 56457 40 57067- . 8 8236t-.«..1»'
5«789....»12 41145 12 50142 12167133 8 «24« l It
fcJ»«..^_l!i 422t5.. : 60,30544 12:3:293..-.. 8|«S01. 20|
«»03...r»1t}7<»28......'?»|76481 85;85438....840J92030. .812
,6J»:i M 7<>105. 20 75«50 i j 854i«5...... 12:91 181 »
62723 8 : 70171 8 78654...*. 8 83SJ1 8 9i2.'3 .... 8
«2732 . . 8 7038* 12 »W.~.C «4SB It
«;;83 8 70.183 12179047 8J85741 ..12 9«09. — 40
■.fill SO 70404 8 79031 irStKS 13 "2731 I!
02*37.. 12 7P497 »f79178 1! 859«2 20 92739 20
. 70512 8 f 79202 12 BMW 28 «7JB 29
«SO7J 8 70629 19138.....W \*?> li ' : M
63114 8, . ' 79501.... s;W2O7 ... *!
83156 40 713r2...._ 8 79531 ... . 1 16221 i 91028 12
8.1303 —.. 8 71369 12 TV69O 10 8*530 ... 6 K3OM 12
63320 ... 8 "IMS 12 *970» 8 : BCC.IB . CO fW!7S 40
«47» 12 II4M 12 79789 20 886 70 40 93224... ... 8
83418 40 714«7. .."... 6 79877 12,?«743.._..20'933«. 1*
63«?». .. 8 71629 1!J7990« to 8*416 8
«780 » 71091 8 79943 2" 57017 8,«^1.... .20
63891......40 11740 !2!**lS3 121670.5S 20 935 M....1.4*
8-1917 It 718U 201 . '87210 8
«3»(W ._..10 7190* . M 50245..... 40,87262 12 94030.. . . 8
171918 8 90278 87321 8 »4HI —12
64081 8 '80-JlO 20JSI4M ...-M'9»!4« 6
01087 10 1i145 8. 80312 12,87*97 12 9*215 8
$4129 8!7533T..:..t0 8040(1 12 97365 60.94442 «0
64237 8 72462 8! 8»J14..-..li l «641 40 945*0 ..._IS
64457..-..10 72545 8 BUBIO. — 20187772 8 04626 8
64673 9 7t55! IS 80642 ■ 87934 12 94ftW.. •;.:. 60
MO4 2017263) . tf »075» SO h79»« It 9480!! I
<J»89» 20.72t;« . . 8 80341 12
64971 8 72499 It 50913......5J0 BSOS7 6 9510» 20
! 72800 8,80988 » 8 88139 8,96171 8
nyot JO : -2" . .20 . !??!40 ....!* f l>!?7 12
63.157 «i)|7J«JI S 51076 6 8811 12 95257 20
65391 8|72M8 (• 81129 ...SO 8»J03.. 8i»34T3 8'
«352.; .... 8 ' KII3O 8 88507.. 12-No. 85871
«7« .. 9 73199 HIM . 1! (fI!J 12 1 $1.1/00
«797 -8 74181 8 813*0 U:»B3S6. .41 1 93<;:7 8
1.T.-52 .. S 7.i2»8 8181311,,.... 8|884J3 .28 •■77 It
C 3933 ... 8 73593 9131314 40 8*132 20 No- 96888
C 5933 M'T*.617...»..20i8!503 ?0i««321 to $300
7.1«12 . M;81f57......1i 18*14 8
W077 .„.. S 7r><w .... - 81918 8 88(88 I 9*201 8
«HMI . to 73743 J;31934 . 1*188734 - J6SIB 8
d\3t ItliB**4 II Si*** *" (89631 40 9«453 t'j
66263 9 739»3 11 M ■ 12 »'•«'. . 8
66320 8 "2007 8 BBMB 2J .
6.:318 8!7403t 40 3*039 It SS99? .50, 97069 ■ 8
6l<*BB- ._»|HIB4 20 »;oi:-; ... 60 nrn~~ ~W
■<li7lo 10 74354 M1.V104 12(69090 8 j !'7JO7 20
<.- 74-155 ...40 82144 It »147 8.P734J «
«7030 It 741 M 1218315H .... « 89181 , 8!!«73«1 8
3709.... 4" 74161 ...12 *£)«« 8 69198 12 97621 10
67125 ......12 7432! ... 8 023 M ■ ■■■ 8 BMOS . 6 671-71 8
•081 8 74532 .... 20 r.'460 . II 5>W97 .12 Ml • 29
67:1*1 12 74,'.7!> .. 1X483 .12 B»T«4 81"7730 20
NO. 8?81t( 14701 12 K64J .... «:$"7»2- 12;97813.™..2a
$200 7, "14 .... 8 82Wt.. ... (tiB9<l4 12*1831 40
B7SM4 8 82331 121»i»l>« 2019.-912 8
67020....'..12 75070 20 BOMB II 89M9 It Ui9t« 10
67718 6 751.16 88 2684-. .U 89997 .. 8
67731 8. 13319 8 2805 ■.»! 98019 It
S7WS II 73192 8 828^9 • 11 BBOU , - 8|98057 8
67807 2«: 75.44 8 ' -JO 120 . $193121 9
67846 8 75811 It «073 20 90184 ... 12 9822* If
679*0 8175914 8 8.1114 ... 8 98214 ...1! 9SK9 12 •
53468 12 90310 M HU4 ft
KBO4J ... 8 76139 It 83437....;. 6|*0371 ...„»! i'ft<«9... M
6«12I- .. 12 76140 8 83410 . ...20 W4OI . ...II 98317 It
68181 8:76143 8 83683 I 90544 tO tBW 8
68t*4 .. .. 8,762ii2 12 63746 . .1;' 90633 40 »m>66 8
68439 8 76324 12 839*5...:.. 8 90973...— U 98700 5.-.-12
6849 C 12 78T79......60 1 • 9?tfli~.. 3
68500 . 40 76790 11 84132 8 l»#17 8
6e3M 81 84170 M 91031 8 9Ss»3i. 40
»854» 6 77005 12 84259 8 51038..-S 8 94979 (8
6-550 8r77146...-...t0i84iK 8 9109(1 ....44)'
68698 40 "17207 IJ 84422 S 91 144 «0 '
68113. — 12 77313 12 84442 8 91190 8 93414 20
68761 8 77321 8 84533 8 91457 . It 99473 -.13
68788 40iT7S9« 40 BiSM 60 91483 8 99477. .„_ 8
117474 8 84634 ..._» 81338 2019516 8
'69058 8!T7337......Jj848»6 8 91504 11 !......*>
6WBB 20i1772« 84899 10 »162* 8 : »3« 11
69199 12.177734... *< 849t». 8 11624 12 ! 99574 ....
«93W...... 8 91674 tO 997C3 8
69781 20 78108. • 8M40..:..40 »1743 64 »»7«0..-~lt
67770 8 7<-18H\....fr R3lBB ....12 91811. 40 33793 20
69973 8 78286. 8 83 191 8 918*4 8 9*860 20
■69974 8 78426. 20 j 54321......M 918i8..,...!0 99983 I*
The above la for $1, 50-cent and 25-cent tick-
ets. In • proportion. ■■■■ ■■ ■ ■•
APfRQajMATIO^ PRIZES — One huntosq
IjOTTEBY DRAWING.
numbers from 49.71? to 49.819 inclusive, being
fifty numbers on each side of the number draw-
i ln*r*the capital prize of $15,000. »20: 100 numbers
i from 5' 968 to 53.068 Inclusive, being fifty num-
; bers on' each side of the number drawing the
capital prize of $4000, fl2: 100 numbers from
3S.SS3 to 38.953 inclusive, being fifty numbers on
! each side of the number drawing the capital
| prize of $2000, $S.
' TERMINAL. PRIZES— Nine hundred and
i ninety-nine numbers ending with 69, being the
I two last figures of the number drawing the
1 capital prize of (15,000, $4: 999 numbers ending
'■ with IS, being the two last figures of the num-
ber drawing the second capital prize of $4000, •'
The subscribers having supervised the single
number drawing, class "1..." of THE CANA-
DIAN ROYAL. ART UNION. Limited, hereby
certify that the above are the numbers which
were this day drawn from the 100,000 placed in
the wheel, with t:.e prizes corresponding to
them.
Witness our hands at Montreal, this Thurs-
day. August 31. 1599. N. PERODEAU,
Member, of the Legislative Council of the
Province of Quebec.
HILAIRE HURTEAU. Ex-M. P..
Commissioners.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
J^ Steamers leave Broadway
2vs*-«_ wharf, San Francisco.
iOtWTII For Alaskan-ports, 10 a. m..
SlisS2i?h?* September 3. I. 13. 18, 23. 28.
I Klßdwl October 3. change at Seattle.
llßflN «1 For Victoria. Vancouver B.
3 ffmrmiTfl^flii C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
Ir^^EHK Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
* and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. September 3. 8. 13. 18,
1% "R October 3. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Xfaska and G. N. Rfc: £t Tacoma to N.
P Ry • at Vancouver to C. F. Ity.
P 1 R r y 'F U a r t «.ka a (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember l! 6 11. 16. 21. 26. October 1. and every
fl For da s y ant h ere Cru z r : Monterey San Simeon.
Cpvu :, o , port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro ( Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., September 1, E, 9. 13. 17, 21.
25. 29, October 3. and every fourth day there-
SBSS Eu e ,fobW n |a 0 n n t!T S.rS2.|K
and every fourth day thereaffr.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabft Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain fnMer.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
an<l hours of pnlllntr.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hntel). * Oa. Gen. Agts..
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE S. R. & N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS T9
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including Bert*
1 Ant $8 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15..............
Sept. 5, 15. 25; Oct. 6, 15. 2a
Columbia' satis.. Sept. 10, 20. 30: Oct. 10, 20 30
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., rintendentB
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Even" Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 61 St. Paul Sept. 27
New York Sept. 13 New York Oct. 4
St. Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. -'
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark ....Sept. 6 1 Nordland Sept. 27
' Westernland ..Sept. 13! Frlesland Oct. 4
Kensington Sept. 20: Southwark Oct. 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
| Kobe <Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. September 12
< AMERICA MART: Friday. October 6
HONGKONG MART' Wednesday, Nov. I
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
'421 Market St., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
>Ca^^V f'EJ'^B Csfiy?^fCrl S. S. Alameda sails
ffl^»*lMf3!aiS£*"«fis, vla Honolulu and
fflT-*^ c«. E Auckland ■for Sydney
fQTfTz i Wednesday, Sfptem-
m JKylfirai/l'^N ber 6. Alameda sails
j'JCJD^&'E Tla Honolulu and
,9Ttt**m*t Auckland "for Sydney
L™ Wednesday, Septem-
Ci^\^\ ber 6 ' Rt 10 P- m -
SlPam^ninJ The s - S. Australia
C^dlHjlHy^ alls for Honolulu
<9iqg3gj7 r /nfTlß?f9lU Wednesday, Septem-
JS-'wr^ VUIIIfJQICfcP ber 20. at 5 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
j Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
1 D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. -Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *&&,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, m. <J»j!r. 1 >
' from Pier 42. North River, foot of -^■w«^»
: Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. »; LA
: GASCOGNE. Sept. 16; LA BRETAGNE. Sept.
I 23- LA TOURAINE, Sept. 30: LA NORMAN-
DIE, Oct. 7. First-class to Havre. $65 and up-
ward 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. *45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON , Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
I p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
i Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IoOS.
: FARE 500
WEEKLY. GALL
c,/ It Publish^ the Cream of th»
~J New* or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cj ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<=>< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
cJ PAPER ON THB
J PACIFIC COAST
n The Best \ / Mining
" N lelegraphic \/ New;; That
Service on /N. Is Accurate
The Coast / \& up to date
I [':') ] "~*
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj it Dry or Uointeresting.
CX ' I Bright, Clean, | A Champ •!
V Thoughtful. I . 1 ruth.
Z) A CALrfORMA NEWSPAPtt
J ALL THE TIME.
I) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
1 HOME MAIL, SI
r^{ ISOLSIRIES A KAIL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
/ *§k T}r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL*Ssr^ *'-•"' Ki:AKSr.ST. Established
*fiS"ff^ : -i'^ ln <*»S* for tbe treatment of Piivate
a Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■>-"»KURVY.ST. Established
In 1854 for tbe treatment of Private
Diseases, L<^t .Uminnod. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
»?y»fflWl^3 skin Diseases. The doctoroures when
BSaS l fflEw!! otbersirall - Try him. Charges low.
r^fflilnffiimi <'iire<guaraolrrd. Cull or write.
Ur, 4, * . tiJJBISQXj Sox lV37»sjttal"rwiciseo.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Coal Oil and Gasoline again marked up.
Genera! advance in Stationery and Writing Paper.
Silver lower. Domestic -and Foreign Exchange as before.
Wheat quiet and steady. Barley stands about the same.
Oats firmer and in better demand.
Corn and Rye quiet at former prices.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Hay quiet at the old prices. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables about the sgirie.
Butter and Eggs weakening. Cheese remains steady.
Poultry market in fair shape, except for young stock.
Peaches, Pears and Plums approaching their end.
Grapes in liberal supply and quiet.
Pried Peaches lower, Apples easy.
Dried Pears steady and Apricots firm-
Prunes quiet, with buyers and sellers apart.
Almonds firm at an advance.
No change in Provisions.
Hogs continue weak, but prices remain unchanged.
Charters.
The Consuelo loads rmise for Mahukona;
Palmyra, mdcc for Sydney.
The AJlen A loads redwood at Eureka for
HUo.
The Dugues.-lin was rechartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to F.ur.->)"-. 335.
The Drumbarton I* chartered prior to arrival
for wheat from Portland to Cork, 37a 6d.
The Tone w Wall Street.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says: ,
"The general tone of the local market con- j
tinues good. Confidence in a broader and more
active market during the autumn ie almost uni- j
versa). This, of course, is based upon the ex- ;
traordinary wave of prosperity which extends
over the whole country, and which as yet !
Shows no signs of having spent Its force. The
Iron and kindred Industries are making a won
derful record; our whole history fails to show
a parallel. Haw materials, such a* pig iron,
copper and tin, show advances from lowest <
prices of from 50 to 100 per cent. Finished
product*, of course, show no such rise; but in
many Instances price is a secondary condition
with buyers, delivery being the main want.
So far, high prices do not seem to have check- ■
ed business, and there has been a remarkable i
absence of speculative buying. Later on these |
conditions must check purchases and defer re- ■
pairs Improvements and new enterprises until
values recede to a normal basis; but this stage
of affairs has not yet been reached. Until It :
approaches we are not likely to witness any
Important recession In the stock market.
••Railroad earnings continue making satis- ,
factory gains, giving rise to all Borts of hopes i
regarding Increased dividend?. Some of these
are likely to meet with disappointment: for [
present conditions mean Increased costs in j
operating that will materially modify unrea
sonable expectations. A little skepticism re
garding dividend rumors will do not harm.
Some of the best railroad stocks are held at .
prices that offer slight chances for further |
profits. As already Intimated in these advices, j
however, there ar-? a number of low-priced Is- i
sues of reorganized properties which had been
more or less neglected and which must show
large appreciation as they approach from a
non-dividend to a dividend-paying basis.
"The market Is likely to have the support |
of big operators for some weeks to come; and
as these return from summer resorts dealings
will be resumed with greater activity. Com
paratively little attention is being paid to crop I
reports. It is certain, however, that we shall j
have sufficient wheat and corn for home and
foreign wants; and that our farmers will ob- i
tain reasonably good prices for their crops, j
Prosperity Is shining upon the fields of the ;
West as well as up the mills of the East."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Rureka '"■ San Diego 68 :
Fresno Vi Sacramento 84 ;
Los Angelas 7>> Independence 84
Red Bluff 88 Yunia 100 j
Ban Luis Obispo — 74 j
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, i"2; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues to rise over the Pa- !
cific Slope. An area of high pressure overlies \
the northern half of the Pacific Slope, and will
probably cause fair weather for several days I
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains. ;
The temperature is now nearly normal over i
valley section of California, except the San
Joaquin, where It Is still below the normal.
Warmer weather favorable for drying raisins
may be expected In the vicinity of Fresno for
the next forty-eight hours.
Forecast made nt Pan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. September 7, 1899:
For Northern California— Fair Thursday;
continued warm weather; warmer in the S:ui ,
3 >aquln Valley; northerly winds; westerly on !
the coast. " |
For Southern California— Fair Thursday; j
light northwest winds.
For Nevada— Fair Thursday; warmer.
For Utah— Fair Thursday; warmer Thursday
night
For Arizona Fair Thursday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thurs
day: warmer In the forenoon; fresh westerly
winds, with fog at night.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— St. Paul was the cen- i
tral figure In the market to-day. The publica
tion of the annual report with Its great detail '
of facts and figures 1 , all showing extraordinary j
prosperity was the motive of the buying, which I
was very large and which carried the price '■
Steadily upward nearly 2 points. So wide a I
movement in a standard stock of St. Paul's i
character was looked to to arouse some sym- i
pathetic strength in the general market. The i
Kt. Paul movement in the upper stages of the ;
advance showed some signs of manipulation ]
lor the purpose of sustaining the general mar- |
ket. There was quite free selling wherever
there was a notable advance. in price, and th*
last hour was given over to an active realizing ;
movement, which clipped off >4 of St. Paul's j
gain and carried prices generally below last I
Slight's level. The dump In call money to 6
per cent induced the realizing. The exceptions
•were a number of usually obscure stocks,"
which were marked up In quite a sensational
manner Tennessee Coal dashed up and down
In an erratic manner all day, climbing 9V» i
points In the first hour and dropping again to j
■within 3 points of last night. The feverish de- I
maud for this stock is attributed to a large i
short interest which finds itself obliged to set
tle with a practical corner In the stock, accord-
Ing to current rumor. This is Wall street's :
« (Tort to explain the movement, which seems I
extraordinary without it in a stock which has I
paid no dividend for twelve years, which has
a preferred stock ahead of It on which six !
years' dividends have accumulated and are
payable before a dividend i. due on the com
mon. The movement In Colorado Fuel, which
reached about 4 points, was in close sympathy
■with Tennessee Coal, as was that of 3 points
In Hocking Coal. There were rather rensa
tlonn! advances also in Pullman, the Buffalo,
Rochester and Plttsburg stocks, which gained
about- 7 points each, and Colorado Midland j
preferred. Southern Pacific and Central Pacific
recovered about" 1!4 of their recent declines, ;
and the Southwestern stock:; and coalers ad- j
vanced temporarily, but more than lost the j
pain. Sugar underwent the same experience,
rising 2 points on the declaration of the regu- !
jar dividend, and then reacting an extreme 3*4.
The New York municipal stocks all weakened !
during the day, Brooklyn Transit having de
clined 2"i after an Initial rise, and. Consoli- I
dated Gas shewing a loss of ZSi. New York ;
Airbrake dropped 3 points. Republic Steel,
after gaining 1%, dropped abruptly 3>4. and
American Smelting was conspicuously weak.
The marked activity of the trading was very
unevenly distributed, but brought forward
quite a number of usually Inactive stocks.
There was no change in the money market
to day. Call and time money rates were quite
stiffly held. There was a further deposit of
$150,000 at the sub-treasury for shipment to
New Orleans. Exchange at Interior points in- |
dicate pressure on this center for funds, and
Ihf» sub-treasury continues to absorb cash from,
the banks. Notwithstanding the hardness of
money here and the somewhat easier tone in
London, sterling exchange was firm In New
York and advanced a fractional % on actual
business.
The bond market was quiet, but prices were
well held. Total sales, par value, $2. 367, 000.
United States bonds were unchanged on bid
quotations. \
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* Closing
sold. Stocks— Bid.
6.100 Atchlson -'-'*
16,250 Atchlson prefd 65% ,
1,700 Baltimore and Ohio 58V* |
300 Canadian Pacific 964 j
100 Canada Southern 544 i
1,000 Central Pacific &8
1.900 Chesapeake and Ohio 28%
2,320 Chicago Great Western 16's
11.170 Chicago, Bur and Qulncy 130 >•» |
100 Chicago, Indiana and Louis 10 ]
100 Chicago, Ind and Louis prefd 41 !
2,000 Chicago and East Illinois 9714 j
2,500 Chicago and Northwestern 171«4 '■
9.650 Chicago, Rock Island and Pac 119 I
2,075 C C C and St Louis 68
760 Colorado Southern 54
460 Colorado Southern first prefd 47'^
960 Colorado Southern second prefd 17
4,500 Delaware and Hudson 124> 2
784 Del, Lack find Western ISOVj
1,260 Denver and Rio Grande 22%
(30 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 77
100 Erie IST*
Erie first prefd 35%
292 Great Northern prefd 165
1.260 Hocking Coal 19V4
1,080 Hocking Valley 36 !
3.200 Illinois Centra! 114*4
213 lowa Central 14 -«
300 lowa Central prefd 58 ;
375 Kuns City. P'.ttsburg and Gulf 10% I
Lake Erie and Western 20 1
400 Lake Krle and Western prefd 80
Lake Shore 2014
6.400 Louisville and Nashville 81V& I
16,260 Manhattan L 114%
7.467 Metropolitan Street Railway 210
2,455 Mexican Central 15 j
Minn and St Louis 66
100 Minn and St Louis prefd 96Va I
6,200 Missouri Pacific 49 !
500 Mobile and Ohio 41
200 Missouri, Kans and Texas 14Vi j
2,000 Missouri, Kans and Texas prefd.... 43 S S
2.024 New Jersey Central US 1
4.020 New York Central IS9
6.655 Norfolk and Western MVi
2.400 Norfolk and Western prefd 71-.
4.000 Northern Pacific 65»«
1.400 Northern Pacific prefd 77'- 1
4,000 Ontario and Western '.. : 27 1 -» |
Oregon Railway and Nay 46
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd 76 ;
6.215 Pennsylvania 133%
1,725 Reading 23 I
10,600 Reading first prefd 614 j
4.200 Reading second prefd 33 a 4 :
Rio Grande Western 354
Rio Grande Western prefd S2Vi
211 St Louis and San Francisco 11
St Louis and San Fran first prefd.. 70V4
450 St Louis and San Fran 2d prefd.... 37
100 St Louis, Southwestern 16%
300 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 374
56,2.-0 St Paul 135%
200 St Paul prefd 17S 1
330 St Paul and Omaha 123 <
29,.'.*0 Southern Pacific 37% |
2,850 Southern Railway 12?; 1
3.200 Southern Railway prefd 55% i
1,400 Texas and Pacific 20*',
15,690 X.'nlon Pacific 47% |
14,330 Union Pacific prefd 804 i
Wiibash 7% (
200 Waba!«h prefd 23 I
3,000 Wheeling and L E 17%!
€71 Wheeling and I, E3d prefd 31 j
725 Wisconsin Central 13 '
Pittsburg. C C & St L 76% !
Express Companies — ;
Adams US j
110 American 150 I
160 .United States 50 '
100 Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
650 American Cotton Oil 441,4
American Cotton Oil prefd ?3' .
400 American Malting H»i
American Malting prefd 66 '
1./'OO American Smelting & Refining 41%
2,090 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd... 91% I
American Spirits 6%
American Spirits prefd 2? !
TOO American Steel Hoop 38^4 !
1,000 American Steel Hoop prefd 84% I
6,300 American Steel & Wire 57% '
100 American Steel & Wire prefd SS%
2.427 American Tin Plate 42-\
American Tin Plate prefd 90
28,152 American Tobacco 129
100 American Tobacco prefd 145 ;
4,165 Anaconda Mining Co 55% !
69.572 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 104%
32,650 Colorado Fuel & Iron GO I
2,828 Continental Tobacco 46%
2.075 Continental Tobacco prefd 984 '
20,237 Federal Steel 61% I
4,210 Federal Steel prefd 824
250 General Electric 124.
900 Glucose Sugar 65
Glucose Sugar prefd IOOV2
1,600 International Paper 311,4 ;
200 International Paper prefd 70% ]
1.210 Laclede Gas 66*4
200 National Biscuit 41',
National Biscuit prefd 99
600 National Lead 314 :
National Lead prefd 1104 j
2.005 National Steel 56
1,930 National Steel prefd 9SV4
610 New York Air Brake 162 j
400 North American 12%
Pacific Coast 46Vi
Pacific Coast first prefd 84 :
Pacific Coast second prefd 63 "
200 Pacific Mall 46% ,
4.000 People's Gas 119 v] i
400 Pressed Steel Car 5914
325 Pressed Steel Car prefd .. 89%
3.050 Pullman Palace Car 163
26.7:0 Republic Steel 31%
4.GSI Republic Steel prefd 78 1 !
Standard Rope & Twine 8% :
87,350 Sugar 156*,
110 ■ Sugar prefd 1214
35,975 Tennessee coal 4- iron 111%
2,000 United States Leather 10>4 '
1,280 United States Leather prefd 75% i
100 United States Rubber 49 v, ;
United States Rubber prefd 11C%
1,270 Western Union SS% j
615,000 Share* sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
17 S2» reg 100 1 * MX & T 2da 734
do 3s 10S4J do 45...." 94% >
do 3s coup lOS'iiN V Cen lets 111%
do new 4s reg IWV4 N.l Cen gen 5s 1204
do coup 13OV4JN Carolina 6s ....129'
do old 4s reg lll'i do 4s 104
An coup 113 No Pnc lsts 113 '
do 5s reg 111V4 ; do 3s 1:714
do coup HlVii do 4s 1034
diSi Colum 8.655. ..117 N V C & St L 45. .108
Ala class A 10y?4jNorf * \v con 4?. •<
do B 109 j do gen 6s .135
do C 103 Or Nay Ists 1134
do currency 100 ; do 4s 10314
Atchlson gen 45....102»4 Or Short Line 65. .1-j I
do ajt 4s S3 '■ do con 6s 117 1 -
Can So 2ds 103 Reading gen 4s »7%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 96U. R G W lsts 95%
do as 1191... St L & I M con os 114 -
C i- NW con 7b... 145 St I. & B F gen 65. 124%
do S F deb 65... 123 St Paul con .... 17JU
Chi Term 4s »B%|St P C & P 15t5... .121 '
D & n G lßts pf..lfw;i,i do 5, 122
do 4s 100% So Ry 5s 10'iu !
E T Ca ft Va lsts.lo3 IS Rope & Twine 6s 87
Erie General 4s — 72V~,Tenn new set 35... 95
F W ft I) C sts.... SI Tex i Pac 15t5... .11; |
Gen Klec 5s 116 I do 2ds 66
G H & S A 65..:...10S (Union Pac 4s 108
do 2ds 108 ' iWabash lsts- 115
H& T C If lU«4 do ?ds 100% !
do con 6a If 2 West Shore 4s ... 113 ,
lowa On lsts 116 Wis Cent lsts 78".
KCp & G lsts.... 73 Va centuries 8714
La new con 4s 106 . do deferred ...... 5'
L & N unl 4s 99% C & S 4s , 86% !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 3«; Ontario 7 25
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 100 i
Con Cal & Va.... 1 60 Plymouth .'. 11 j
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry.... 25 Do prefd 800
Hale *: Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada..... 76
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 40
Iron Silver ........ 60 Union. Con 35
Mexican 45, Yellow Jacket 28
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1399.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money- West End 95-
Call loans 3vff4i* .West End prefd.. ll2>*
Time loans 4 06 Westing- Electric. 49
Stocks— Went Elec prefd.. 63^4
Atch, T & S Fe.. 22% Bonds —
A, T & S Fe prefd G5Vs Atchlson 4s 100
American Sugar... lM Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar prefd. 12014 Adventure .8.
Bell Telephone 863 AJlouez Mln C 0... 6%
Boston & Albany. 2B6 Atlantic ...50
Boston Elevated... 108 Boston & M0nt... 350
Boston & Maine.. 2oo Unite & Boston 70
Chi, Bur & Q 126^ 1 Calumet & llecla.S4o
Fitchburg prefd. .-.US Centennial ...36
Gen Electric 124* Franklin 20
Gen Eiec prefd.... 174% Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel 6 1 1 * Osceola 8S
Federal Steel pfd.. S2'4 I Parrot 52
Mexican Cent ' 14? i Quiney 160
j Mich Telephone... Santa Fe popper... 14%
Old Colony 208 Tamarack 225
Old Dominion 3:" Winona 11
Rubber 49*4 J Wolverines 46»*
, Union Pacific 17% | Utah 41H
| Union Laud I I . ■ -
The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— Money on call. 3\4®6
per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; prime mer
cantile paper. 4>- 4 35 per cent: sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bank
ers 1 bills at $4 56%@4 S6^ for demand and at
Is 4 S3»*5J4 S3 1 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84
and $4 87%: commercial bills. $452!f452%: sil
i ver certificates, E9%060e; bar silver. 59'« c;
i Mexican dollars, 47Vfcc; Government bonds,
| steady; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
firm.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.— To-day's Etate
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $278,393,333; gold re
| serve. $:-»9,555,014. _
London Market.
NEW TORK, Sept. 6.— The Commercial Ad- !
i vertlser's London financial cablegram say 3:
The stock market was Idle and heavy here i
to-day on the suspense over the Boer situa- |
i tlnn. Americans were firm, but were neglected '■
to the afternoon, when New York bought j
i specialties, causing a strong close at the top. ;
st Paul touched the record, 139%. Norfolk
issues, the Louisvllles and Southern Railway ,
i preferred were wanted. Spanish 4s were 595; ,
Tintos, 46 7-16: Anacondas, v 7-16.
i Gold In bars to the amount of £178,000 was
bought by the bank. Money is stagnant. Calls j
aro at 2 per cent. Bills are steadier and very
scarce.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 6— Canadian Pacific, 99^;
Northern Pacific preferred, 7.« ; 2 : Union Pacific
preferred, 82%; Atchlson, 2:i' B ; Grand Trunk,
SK*; Anaconda. 11> 2 . Bar Silver steady. Money
!>_■<; i ;l 4 per cent.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. FLOUR— Receipts.
31,420 barrels; exports, 19,404. More active and
considerably stronger with sharp recovery In
Wheat. Winter patents, $3 55@3 75; winter
straights, S3 30@3 40; Minnesota patents, $3 85®
4 05; winter extras, $2 40@2 SO; Minnesota bak
ers, J2 96®3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 288.600 bushels; exports,
26.000. Spot, linn; No. 2 red. 75VsC f. o. b,
afloat spot; No. 1 northern, Duluth, 79?ic f. o.
b. afloat to arrive (old): No. 1 hard, Duluth.
Sl^ic to arrive; No. 2 red, 73>,4C elevator. Op
tions opened firm at He advance on cables,
later, developing both activity and positive
strength with an unexpected Northwest ad
vance. Local shorts were best buyers, as for
eign or outside trade lacked energy. A good
•■>.;■ business transpired on the rise. The
close was strong at lc net advance. May,
7S 15-16@79%C closed 79T6c; September, 73}s<g>
,73"ic closed 73% c; December, 75T4@76 13-16 c,
closed 76% c. . • . .
HOPS— . . •• . —
HlDES— Steady.
AVOOL— Steady.
MKT.fLS— Spot tin, spelter and pig Iron were
firm all day on active demand from all quar
ters, prompted by higher cables and strong
rises from the West. The other demands
were about unchanged, ruling steady. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON — Warrants firm at 116 60:
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $1S 50.
TIN — Firm for spot and easy for futures,
with $32 bid and $32 25 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and $4 62%
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40
and for copper $1S 50.
SPELTER— with $3 63 bid and $5 75
asked.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, 5 points j
higher to 5 points lower. Sales. 18,500 bags, ;
including October. $4 3.".; November. $4 35; De
cember, $4 60; March, $4 75<g4 80; May, $4 oo<3>
4 90. Spot coffee, Rio, dull and weak; No. 7
invoice, .*'■ ■■■: No. 7 jobbing, 6c; mild, easy;
Cordova, 6%®11V4c.
SUGAR— Raw, easier; fair refining, 3 15-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
'.':■'■■■: refined, quiet and* barely steady; cubes,
r> 7-isc.
BUTTER— Receipts. 337S packages Market,
firm: Western creamery, 17@21V4c; factory,
13€ i : '
EGGS— Receipts, 8870 packages. Market,
firm; Western candle extras at mark, 16c.
California Dried Fruits.
California dried fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7 l 'e;
prime wire tray, SVi^SHc; choice, S%@9c;
fancy. 9<g9%c
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Mo<->rpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. B@llV4c.
Chicago Wheat Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. I— Wheat opened , un
changed for December and a little lower lor
September, the latter on account of heavy re
ceipts in the Northwest. Little wheat was
' offered for sale, and shortly after the open-
Ing the change in the aspect of outside mar
' kets, which have been relatively weaker than
Chicago for some time past, but which to-day
i ...... comparatively stronger, Induced some
cowering by the more timid shorts, and a good
advance in prices took place. December
. ■■.;■'. at 71® 7114 c and advanced to 71%fff71<>tiC.
while September opened 'Ac lower at s»c5 »c and
advanced to 70**0. The advance was sufficient
I to Induce realizing, which carried prices back
fractionally, but after a long period of com
parative dullness, during which December
hung around 71U@71%c. the continued strength
of the Northwest and other outside markets
and the improvement in the export demand
increased the volume .of trade in the specu
lative market and again advanced prices. The
strength shown by September was especially
noticeable. There was a good demand for
this from elevator people and shorts, and the
spread between September and December nar
! rowed to l'.ic. The strength was in spite of
the liberal country movements and free offer
ings. Buying by shorts was quite heavy dur-
I ing the late trading, and the best prices of
'. the day were reached shortly before the close.
December advanced to 71% c and closed at 71%
; @71% c. September sold at 70%'q"70%c and
; closed at 70% c ..
Corn was steady for December and about
steady for deferred futures. Reports of seri-
I ous damage by hot dry weather were received,
! and lake rates were reduced about lie, help-
I Ing the corn shipper that much. A premium
over September was bid for cash, but it was
difficult to get. Reports of rain In Illinois and
a general desire to realize caused an easier
feeling during the li>Her ■ part of the session.
December closed lie higher.
A fair general trade was done in oats.
Prices in the main were influenced by the
action ' of wheat and corn and ruled a little
higher throughout. December closed %c high
er. September closed 14@lic higher.
Provisions were fairly 'active and strong,
helped' most by an excellent cash demand,
particularly for lard. There was some realiz
ing through commission houses, but prices ad
vanced steadily under a good general demand
and closed at about the top. Cables were
higher and confidence In present market prices
was expressed. At the close October pone
■was 12& C higher, lard 5@714c higher and ribs
121-ic higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles—' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 69% 70% (59% 70%
December 71"/* 71* 71 ■ 71%
May ........... 7414 74?4 7414 74%
Corn No. —
Sepetmber .......... 31% 32 3114 31%
December 2914 ■-- 29* ' ■ ■ 2874 29
May 30% .3014 29 30
Oats No. 2 — 2^ 2074 2014 20%
September 20% W 7 * 20% 20vfc
December.... 20% : 20% 20 20V4
May 21-4 22 21% 2174
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September '•' .... .... 8 15
October \{5. :.:..:.. 815 '8 25 8 1214 525
January 9 5714 965 .9 6714 9 6214
Lord p«r 100 pounds-
September ■ 525 C 3214 525 5 32%
October 530 C 37>4 530 5 37%
January 6 4714 5 52% 5 4714 6 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— ■ • ■ ■
September 5 27% 630 5 27% 530
October '..: \.6 2214 " 5"35 ' 6 2214 635
January ...■■.■..... 5 02% 505 600 -5 05
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@69%c; }
No. 2 red, 71% c; No. 2 corn, 32@32%c; No.- 2
oats. 21%®21%c; No. 2 white. 23>4@23>ic: No. 3
white. 22Vi©23^c; No. 2 rye, 55c; No. 2 barley,
85%®40c; No. l flaxseed, $1 18%; prime timothy
seed, $2 30@2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $7 4O@
8 20; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 15@5 35; short
ribs sides (loose), $5 101?5 35; dry Baited shoul
ders (boxed). $5 50@G 62%; short clear sides
(boxed), ,ss 60@S 65; whisky, distillers finished
Roods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 H.™*'
Wheat, bushels 162,000 140.000
Corn, bushels 547.000 M2.<W>
Oats, bushelß 725,000 357,000
Ry<\ bushels 9,000
Harley. bushels 67,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creams, 16®20c; dairy, 13®
17c. Cheese, firm, 10%«llHc. Eggs, firm, 13Vi®
14c.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs indicate the
following changes in available supplies labt
Saturday:
. Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 1,121,000 bushels; afloat' for
and in Europe. Increase. 1,400,000; total supply,
Increase. 2,251,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east o>
Rockies, increase. 150,000 bushels. ■
Oats— Unit States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 1,681,000 bushels..
The stock of wheat In and afloat for Eu
rope,'in the United States and Canada. Argen
tine and Australia, on or about September 10,
make the following comparisons:
t Sep.. 1899. Auk.. 1899. Sep., ISPS.
Europe and afloat 62,800,000 66,300,000 38,700,000
United States and
Canada 54,369.000 52.810.000 13.504.000
Australia 6,992.000 7,912.000 3,200.000
Argentina 4,900.000 5,600,000 7j6.000
Totals 129,061,000 132,622,000 56,200,000
* ♦
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 9% 6 11* 6 I M,
Closing 5 9Vi 6 11% 6 1&
PARIS.
"Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 50 20 70
Closing 19 40 20 50
Flour—
Opening 28 85 27 45
Closing 26 40 ' 27 15
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Sept. «.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The trade as a whole reports a quiet market
during the past week, but a few houses have
consummated some good-sUed deals, and as a
result the total sales of the week aggregate a
large total, one house alone disposing of about
2,000,000 pounds of wool, comprising I. SOU, 000
I 11 is of Montana. Most houses report a
small business, but there Is no diminution In
the strength prerlously shown, ami wo .is con
tinue to be stiffly held, generally at top fl
ares. Manufacturers, It appears, have been
testing the market for all It is worth, ami are
doubtless satisfied that they have had a strong
market to butt against. AH cheap wools are
practically eliminated and old mothy woola
have been pretty well cleaned and gone Into
consumption, so that the markets present a
clean stock and a price whi. h la low to-day
compared with that of other countries, particu
larly on fine wools. There has been eonpnler
able looking around on the part of manufactur
ers and lota of sample bags have been taken,
which it is believed, will lead to a good busi
ni ss In the course Of a week or two. Manufac
turera are buying only such wools as they need.
however, and little speculative tendecy 1b
noticeable in the market to-day.
The sales of the week in Boston amounted to
6 I'M 800 pounds domestic and 4."'\000 pounds
foreign, a total of 6. 640, 'W0, against a total of
3 955 000 for the previous week and a total of
1,815,000 for the corresponding week last year.
Sali-s rlnce Jnnury 1, 1599, amounted to 191,
--877,500 pounds, against 79,804,010 pounds last
year at this time.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruits: Grapes— Malagas,
75c@$l half-crate; Tokays, $1 2001 95 half-crate;
assorted, $1 25(31 30 -crate. Peaches—Sal
ways :.■'">(,<] box: late .Crawfords, 75c. Pears—
Bartletts, $1 45©* 20 box. Prunes— Gros, $1 50
half-crate; Silver, *1 half-crate; German, |1 40
half-crate. _ _
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruits: Prunes— 70®
50c half-crate. Peacnes— Freestones, »1 box;
Strawberry, $1 05 box. Grapes— Tokays,' $1 iO<o
1 SO half-crate.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
. CHICAGO, Sept. CATTLE— Prices for
good to choice Cattle were strong to-day un
der an excellent demand. Common and medium
grades were also tirm; good to choice beeves,
$3 70@6 85; commoner (trades. 54 10®5 65: arnMc
crs and feeders, $3fi4 75; bulls, cows and heif
ers, J2fgs 35; Texas steers, $3 50@4 20; rangers,
13 40<&5 40; calves, $4@7 25.
HOGS— Prices for Hogs were steady and
about unchanged. The demand was fair and
offerings light, Heavy Hogs, |4@4 60; mixed
lots, $1 15«a4 65, ami light $4 20@'4 70; pigs.
;:; 4<ve?4 40; culls, $2@3 95.
SHE 9P — There was a fairly good demand
for both Sheep and Lambs and prices were
unchanged. Sheep, $2 25'ff4 50 for the poorest
to best. Western range flocks bringing $3 50©
4 25; Lambs, $3 SO'S4 for common up to $6 10<3>
6 25 for prime flocks.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; Hogs, 21,000; Sheep,
15.000. • _.
Sugar D vidend.
NKW YORK, Sept. 6.— The director* of the
American Sugar Refining Company have de
clared the regular dividend of 3 per cent for
the quarter on Its common stock and on Its
! preferred stock 1% per aent for that portion
i entitled to quarterly dividends.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or, Sept. 6.— Clearings, *380,346;
balances, $48,532.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 6.— ln Wheat very
little Is doing, the mills taking: up everything
that is offering at better prices than exporters
care to pay. Walla "Walla can be worked off
at 68fj59c and valley at 60@61c; blue stem is
nominal at 62c. cleared— British ship Musko
ka for Queenstown, with 140,438 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 6.— WHEAT— CIub,
68c; blue stem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— Consols, 1M 15-16; silver.
27 5-16 d; French rentes, 100f 60c; wheat car
goes off coast, easier and neglected; cargoes
on passage, firm for white, dull for red; Eng
; lish country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 6.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
I COTTON— Uplands 3'£d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm. 3s
4%d: old. firm, 3s 4%d. Futures, steady; Sep
tember, 3s 4%d; October, 3s 6Vid; November,
3s 6Vid.
WHEAT— Spot, steady. Futures, steady;
September, os 9V4d; December. 5s ll%d; March,
6s l^d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling: Exchange. CO days — *4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling- Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, Bight — 10
New York -Mange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars 43 45%
Fine Silver, per ounce — ' 69V4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Glenard takes for Antwerp 12,
--365 ctls, valued at $13,600. . . *;: : . ..
Chicago opened firmer, with St. ■ Louis and
New York buying freely. Broomhall cabled
that the political situation was causing firm
ness on the other side. There was no' cash
demand, however, and Bradstreet's pave an
increase of 2,500,000 bushels In the world's vis
ible supply. Buyers held off for lower prices.
The weather was reported dry and- hot In •> the
winter • Wheat section and there were numer
ous complaints of damage to Corn. At the
clese the strength in Corn aided Wheat.
Spot Shipping, Jl 02%@l 05; milling,
$1 OT^igil 10. : -.vV*
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 10%; 8000. $1 10,4.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 10%.
I Regular Morning Session— December— s6.ooo
ctls. »1 10%; 2000, *1 10%; May— 6ooo. %l 15%; 2000,
*1 15%.
Afternoon May— 6ooo ctl«, %1 16; 2000,
$1 16%; December— iOOO; $1 10%.
. BARLEY— Shipment of 48,668 ctls. valued at
$55,041, to Antwerp. '
. There was a stronger feeling In futures, but
the spot market was dull and- rather weak than
otherwise. * ■ .
Feed, 80@S3%c; Brewing, 90@95c; Chevalier,
$1 10@l 22H per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December — 1000 ctls, 83»c;
2000, 84c: 4000, 84% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
84% c; 2000. S4%c; 2000, 84V4c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls. 84% c.
OATS— market is firmer, especially for
the cheaper grades, and the Inside quotation
for black is advanced. Receipts are light and
heavy rains in Oregon are delaying the harvest
there fully three weeks. White, $1 10@l 25;
Red. $1 05@l 12 V£ per ctl; Black, 92%c@$l.
CORN— market continues lifeless and
more or less nominal. Eastern large Yellow,
$1 05@l 07V. White, $1 07&; mixed, $1 05@l O"Vi
per ctl.
RYE— 9o<f?92%e per ctl. Shipment of. 10,051
ctls, valued at $10,050, to Antwerp.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60W3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4O<@:3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
J3 25«T3 40 for bakers' and $2 25^3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. iZ 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corr.meal, J2 SO; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 2.",; Oatmeal. *4 s<>f?4 75;
Oat Groats. J4 75; Hominy, S3 2603 50: liuck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat. ?3 7":
Farina. ?4 50; Whole Wheat Flonr. S3 60: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55®6 95; in sa^ks, $<i r,'.7>i 7.",;
Peart Barley, $0; Split Peas, $4 CO; Green Peas,
Jo per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
There Is .no change In Fe.edstuffs.
. The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"Matters continue rather uninteresting, with
no improvement, of any kind, either in the de
mand or prices, for any particular grade. It
Is true that receipts of choice Wheat Hay are
somewhat light and it may be that this par
ticular grade will be In good demand and sell
ing for a somewhat better figure within a
short time. We still note a fair demand for
good quality red or black 4 cultivated Oat Hay;
other than these two particular varieties there
is no especial grade that Is sought for or that
sells for even a fair price.
"Reports from many localities are to the
effect that there Is yet a large amount of Hay
to be marketed that cannot find storage room..
This makes us look for a rather gloomy mar
ket until the Hay is all marketed or under
cover. \fter that time It is all a matter of ]
speculation. Should the foreign demand or a
demand from the southern portion of the State
increase we may possibly see a range of prices
j .*; or $3 per ton in advance of the present range.
! This cannot be determined at the present time.
j and on the whole the prospect is not at all en
couraging to holders. It is generally conceded j
that after the rains set in prices will advance
enough to cover the expense of storing, in
surance, etc."
BRAN— sC@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $17 .WHO 50 per ton.
FEEDSTI'FFS— RoIIed Barley. $IS@lB 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. SIS 2B ; Jobbing.
128 MMi29: Cocoar.ut Cake. infill: Cornmeal,
! J23 50024 50: Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed, j
<!■■ •■■■.'• f.O: Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 Bo@B .V) for common to good
and *9«S>9 2", for choice: Wheat and Oat. . $fi<fß;
! Oat $5 50@8; Barley, $5(g7; Island Barley,
! $4 50@6 50; Alfalfa. *5@7 per ton; Compressed,
*W9. . \i%
; STRAW— per bale. . ■ |
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed.
BEANS— $1 70/ffl 80: Small White, $2 05
ft 2 15; Large White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks, $2 15®
2 25; Reds, nominal: Biackeye, $4 15@4 25: But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4 10®4 15; Pea, $2 15®
2 35: Red Kidneys. $2<S2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2'.»'??3c: Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax, $1 90@2 10: Canary Seed,
2»i@3c per 1b for California and 3Vic for East
ern; Alfalfa, SM.O-9V4C; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4<g>
4'£e; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Miles, $1 25@1 50; Green. $1 50
@2 uer ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Pweet Potatoes continue to Improve. Other
descriptions stand about the same. Onions are
unchanged.
The glut In Tomatoes .and Green Corn con
tinues, but some of the other Vegetables are
doing better.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 75@90c; Early
Rose 43<(?6Sc: Burbanks, 75c@$l per ctl; Salinas
Bui-banks, $I@l 25; Sweet Potatoes, 2©2#C
ONIONS — 75«TS5c per ctl for Silversklns;
| Pickle Onions. 60075 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES -Green Peas, 2@214c per 1b: ,
! String Beans, l@2c: Lima Beans. 2^i2^c: Cab
! bage 50@60c: River Tomatoes, li>??2Sc: Alameda
Tomatoes. 25@40c; Egg Plant. 30^400; Green
Okra 3T.(850c per box: Garlic. 2'<T3c; Green Pep
pers 36®40c for Chill and 35(540c per box for
Bell' Carrots. 30'S'40c per sack: Bay Cucumbers,
25@35c: Pickles. $1 60@l 75 per ctl for No. 1 and
76c for No. 2: Summer Squash, 25®35c; Marrow
fat Squash. $10 per ton: Green Corn, 25050 c per
sack, 50 / 575 c per crate for Alameda and 25@40c
for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is In fair shape and rather firm,
except for young stock, which continues low.
Prices would be higher all around were it not
for the car or so from the East almost every
day.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14®15c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16®18c: Geese, per pair. i 1 r.o >, l 73: Goslings,
$1 6092; Ducks, |3@4 for old and $4J?6 for
young; Hens. $4(^5; young Roosters, $4 50@5 50;
old Roosters. $4@5: Fryers, $3 60@4; Broilers.
$303 60 for large, $2 50©3 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25®1 50 per dozen for old and $1 5052 for
Squabs. •
GAME — Doves. 76©66 c per dozen; Grouse,
$7 £o@9; Mountain Quail, $3&3 50; Hare, $I@l 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
; Butter continues to shade off. Cheese Is un
■ changed. Eggs are also weak and the disposi
i tion Is to sell. ,
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 26@26%c; seconds,
24<32:ic.
Dairy— 22%@24c; good to choice, 21@
i 22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 20@21c: firkin, 19@21c; creamery
tub. 21(if22c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, H@ll^c; old, 10
<Sjli>',4c: Young America. lK^llHc; Eastern, 14
i ®15c.
EGGS— at 2155:25 c for store and 27>£®
j 32c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22%©24 c for
I selected. 20@21c for No. 1 and 17@19c for sec
i onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Supplies of Pears. Plums and Peaches are
steadily dwindling and the season for them Is
drawing to a close. Prices for all three are
firm. Grapes are the leading fruit now, and
are in good supply and not very active. Quinces
are Blow of sale. Melons continue firm under
i moderate supplies. Wine Grapes are reported
i selling at $14 per ton.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35<&G0c per box for common and 75c@
| $1 25 for rood to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, iZ<@4 per chest:
! Strawberries, $7 per chest for small and J2@
I 3 50 for large berries: Raspberries, $3@4 per
chest; Huckleberries. 2@sc per lb.
Grapes, 25(!.i:!3c per ' box and crate for Fon
talnbleau, 20@40e for black, 40@50c for Mus
cat, 2.Vq46c for Tokay, c.'.'ii 7.">e for Seedless, 40c
I lor Cornichon and 7.">£S">c for Isabellas.
Watermelons. $61/20 per 100.
I Cantaloupes, 25@75c per orate; Nutmegs, 20@
50c per box.
Pears Bartlett, $1 25 per box for No. 1 and
7"cTisl for No, 2; in bulk. S3s@'sO per ton.
Figs, 40<@60c per box for double layers of
small black and 40@50c for large purple.
Peaches, 25@C5c per box; in bulk, $L'o@3o per
ton.
Plums. 20<g'40c per box; Prunes, 40@o0c per
crate.
Quinces, 40@60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I@l 75 for com
mon and ildi?. for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 50® 5; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, Jl 50<rj2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
(32 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
< The Government is ft good buyer of fruit In
this market for Manila, and there is also a
demand for Alaska and trans-Pacific ports, so
there is a good business going on right along.
Peaches are weaker, Apples are easy. Pears are
steady and Apricots continue to point upward.
Prunes are quiet. Buyers, especially those
•who sold short, do not like the 3>s.c price set
| by the Santa Clara growers and are holding
| off. The local .. trade, however, do not look
I for any protracted deadlock in this fruit, for
the regular fall demand usually sets in about
this time. . ■ .
* An advance In Almonds is noted. They are
very stiff.
DRIED FRUITS (New Prunes, in
sacks, s&c for 40-50's. 4'^c for W-tO'% 4c for 60
--70 "s, 3V4c for 70-B(rs. 3@3Vic for SO-90 s and 2%
@2%c for 90-100' s; Apricots, 10®llc for Royals,
14@15c for Mooroarks and 12<5>12V&c for Blen- '
■ heims: Peaches, 4#4%C for Standards. :,■, ,;.!..,.
for choice and 6@6^c for fancy: peeled Peaches
10®llc; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%c: Sun-dried)
4'/t@sl»c per lb; Nectarines, 7@SVic per lb;
1 Pears, 7(igSc for quarters and B@9c for halves'
Black Figs. 3c. : ■ . " . ;. . • • '
. RAISINS— 3^c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, s^c for four-crown. 4UtTj6c for Seedless
' Sultanas, ,3%c. for Seedless Muscatels and $120
for London Layers; Dried Grapes,' 2'}J@3c. ■
Walnuts. s@Sc ' for hardshell, lC^l2c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
lOVi^HHc for paper shell, S@9c for soft and
4f?.5e for hard shell: P^nuts 5%f6%c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, B%©9e; Filberts, 11®
y,c . pecans 7Utf?Bc; Cocoanuts, $4 dOSjo.
HONEY-Comb ll^c for bright and 10>4c for
light amber; water white extracted 7H»«%c:
light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dark; o%c
Pe BEES\VAX-24@26c per Ib.
Provisions.
CURED • MEATS— S^o per 1b for
heavy 9@9>,4c for light medium, lie for light.
12V-C 'for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Fistern sugar-cured Hams, 13% c; California
Hams 13c- Mess Beef, $13 I>er lb; extra
Prime* Beef.' $12 IS: extra clear, 116 SO; mess.
$ Y'\H^l"rc 1 cs d c l u^d^ &0&c per lb for
compS and To for pure; half barrels, pure*
7%c: 10-lb tins. SUe; 5-lb tins. S^c.
COTTOLENE-Tierces. 6%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
I steers. 10©10% c; medium. 9®9t4c; light. 9c;
Cowhides. »c; Stags. 6c; 'Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls und brands
13c- dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf. l.c;
Sheepskins, shearlings »«0e "eh; »l»rt
Wool. 35@60c each; medium. -o@9Oc; long \\ 00l
90c®$l 10 eHCh: Horse Hides , snlt. f«' 0 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small: colts, -;' <■'"£;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Hc per lb: No.
2 3@-3%c; refined. : grease. 2@2Uc and
wool/— SDrlnK Clips— San Joaquln and
South?™. 7 monfhs. lie: San Joa«iuln.root
hill, defective. S@9c: Valley Oregon. £<&}»£>
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@ll^c
fO Fa ll nii,-San Joaquin Lambs. S@loc: do
plains. 7©Bel San Joaquin and Southern Moun
i are selling at 12%@14c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7Uc: . -Wool
Bags 26@28c; Fruit Bags, 5%c. 5Hc and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached Jute.
COAL-Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. JS: Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 BO;
Scotch. $3; Cumberland, $9 50 In bulk and
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ,
$12; Cannel, $S per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and
$ICOAL1 COAL a OIL ! AND GASOLINE— Prices have
been advanced as follows: Water- white Coal
Oil. in bulk. 12c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 18c: As- i
tral. 18c: Star, ISc: Extra Star Oil, 22c: Elaine. I
I 23c; Eocene 20c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
! bulk, 16c; do cases, 22c; Benzine, in bulk. loM-c;
do cases, 21»4c: 86 degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; j
do cases, 27c per gallon.
PAPER— AII descriptions have advanced ma
terially, praticularly for book and writing
paper, cards and envelopes.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quota*, terms net cash, in 100-lb bass:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, S'^c;
Powdered, SHC.; Candy Granulated, '.•;
Dry Granulated. sc; Confectioners' A. sc; Cali
fornia A, — ; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4He;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, j
V more; boxes, Me more; 50-lb bags, %c more, I
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6c per lb. (
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs contniue easy, but there is no decline.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
' BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steer: and 6V4@70 for
Cows.
VEAL— 7<5lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7V4@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— BV4@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5»4@5%c for small. 6e for
medium and 5%«5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 6%c; dressed Hogs. 7<gß^c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER «.
Flour qr sks 12,025 Sugar, bbla 100
Wheat, ctls B,o3s (Chicory, bbls ■ 20
Barley, ctls Powder, cars 1
Oats, ctls 82' Brandy, gals 4,575
Cheese, ctls 116 Wine, gals 61,900
Butter, ctls If.'"' Quicksilver, flsks 90
Tallow, ctls 221 Leather, rolls 56
Beans, sks 21 Eggs, doz . 6,7
Potatoes, sks l,S76lHides, n0......... 545
I Onions, sks 400 Pelts, bdls 45
Bran sks 260 Wool, bags.; 143
Middlings, sks... Hops, bales 100
Shorts sks 23" Hay, tons 834
Sugar,' sks 3,4151,
THE STOCK MARKET.
I An advance in Gas and Electric to $67 25 was
j the"only change worthy : of note In securities on
the morning session. Trading was fair.
Mining stocks were quiet and V prices -were
generally below those of the preceding day.
The telegram from the pump said: "No. 1
elevator has been running continuously. No. 2
elevator ran in conjunction with No. 1 thirty
minutes. The water is 34 feet 4 inches below
the 1950-foot level station."
The Alpha and Sierra Nevada assessment
sales take place to-day.
The Utah assessment falls delinquent in of
fice to-day.
Con. Cal & Va. is assessed 25c.
The Montana Ore purchasing Company has
declared an extra dividend of 1 per cent per
share, payable September 27.
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and Develop
ing Company has declared a monthly dividend
of 2^4 per cent, payable September 15.
STOCK ■ AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Sect. 6—2 d. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 1124 — Mutual El Co. 16% 16 7
4s quar reg — — O G L & H.. 48 49V£
4s new quar... — ISl'iiPac Gas Imp. — 6S
Ss quar coup.. loß 109 Pac I, Co 39 4!'-; !
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 67% 68 ~ i
Cal-st Cab ss. — — San Fran 3Vs 3%
C C Wat 55... 109*1110 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P G5.,130 — Insurance—
F& Cl Ry 65. 114 — Firem's Fund. —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C ft 55^5..107H — ;Ang]o-Cal .... 65 —
L A Ry 55....106& — Bank of CaJ..282V4283
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Cal SD & T.. — 98
do gntd 65.. 99 — | First Nationl.234 —
do gntd 55.. — 100 ;Lon P & A 129H —
: Market-st 65... 126*4127 Mer Exchange — 16
do Ist M 55.115U11J% Nev Nat 8k..182V4190
N C NG R 75. 110 — i Savings Banks—
NR of Cal 65.114 — Ger S & L..1650 —
NR of Cal 6s. 115 116 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NIC R R "Cs.IOdV. — Mut Say Bk. 37& —
NPC R R 55. 105 107 S F Say U... 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — jSav & L So. — 82V4
OGL & H 55. 11 l — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Trans 68.1UV&U3 Union T C 0.1400 1440
I on. C Ry 65..]-. !2<i>4i. Street Railroads—
! P & Cl Ry C5.106V4107V4 California ....120 —
l k &(i Ry 65.115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st ROs.llS — Market-st 62*4 —
I Sac El O*R6a - — Oak SL& H. — 60
SF& N P 55.114\115 Presidio 12 —
! S F & S JV85.115% — Powder—
iSRy of Cal 6s.lCS'/4 — California ....IKO 165
SPof A 65.... 11214113% Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 6s (1905)112 112% Giant Con Co. 73% 74
S P C 65(19Q6) — 114% Vigorit 1% 2%
S P C 65(1012)122V4 — Sugar—
SPCIs eg 55. 102^4 — jHana P C 0.... 15 15U
SPBr 6s 125 12« | Haw C & S C. 97*4100
S V Wat 65..114*i116 Hutch SP Co 3114 32 i
S V Wat 45..104U104V4 Kilauea S C . 29% —
SV W 4s(3dm)lol — IMakawell SC. 51 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — — . '. Onomea S C... 40 41
Water Stocks— ; Paahau S C... 39*4 40
Contra Costa.. 75% 76 j Miscellaneous— '
Mario County. •') — 'Al Pac A55n. .11734118
Spring Valley. lo2 102& Mer Ex Assn.. — ion
Gas and Electric— j Oceanic S Co. SS\ 8914
Cent G Co — — Pnc A F A.... l\ — '
Cent L & P... — 7 Pac C Bor Co. — ' 142V4
Eqult G L Co. 3*4. 4*4 Par Paint Co. B*4 —
Morning Session.
Board — • ■
1 Bank of California 283 50
100 Ginnt Powder Con 73 6214
15 Giant Powder Con 73 75'
10 liana Plantation Co, cash 15 1214 j
150 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 30 00 ;
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 106 50 |
10 Makawel! Sugar Co 51 i2<4
$1000 Market Street Cable 6s 127 00 '
I $0000 Market Street Railway Ist Con. 55.. 115 25
0 Oakland Gas 49 00
95 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 39 62' A
5 Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co 39 75 "
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 66 50
E S P Gas & Electric Co, cash 66 75
5 S P Gas & Electric Co, cash 66 874
20 S V Gas & Electric Co 67 25"
5000 S F & N P Ry bonds, b 10 115 00
20 Spring Valley Water 102 12U
Street—
20 Makawell Sugar Co 5100
$5000 S F & N P Ry bonds 114 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Bank of California.... 252 50
25 Giant Powder Con, cash 73 73
155 Giant Powder Con 73 S7'/i
.100 Hana Plantation Co 15 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 15 50
150 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 15 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 106 50
15 Makaweli Sugar Co 51 mi
21 Market Street Ry 62 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 89 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 371,1
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 67 37%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 67 50* '
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 75 I
Street—
10 Giant Powder Con 73 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 75 (T>ii
100 Equitable Gas 3 75 •
40 Giant Powder — 73 50
45 Mutual Electric Co 16 75
20 Oceanic S S Co.. — : 89 25
' " Afternoon Session.
■- ■ ■ Board— • ■.*•. «
$1000 California Street Cable 5s ;....115 00
20 Contra Costa Water 75 62
. 70 Giant Powder ■ 73 8714 J
100 Hutchlnson Sugar Co 31 87%
100 Mutual Electric Co 16 75
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 51 25
30 Pacific Coast Borax 139 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session."
100 Belcher 34' 400 Potosl 33
500 Best & Belcher 68 -'■ ■ Putosi 3
100 Caledonia 70 600 Savage ........ 27
100 Challenge 32 300 Sitrra Nevada. 70
llOOOiollar 42 50 Union Con 39
200 Con Cal & Va..l 05 200 Union Con 3S
100 Gould & Curry. 31! ■
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge 34 300 Potosi 25
100 Challenge .;.... 35 200 Savage ..: 29
300 Choi • 42 200 Savage 28
foo Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Union Con 41
2 0 Crown Point.... 22 800 Utah IS
400 Ophir 1 10
Following wera the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Morninp: Session.
310 Andes 16 ion Ophir 107%
2^o Belcher 36 200 Potosi 35
200 Best & Belcher. 59 34
200 Chollar "'• ""Savage :N
200 Choilar 41 960 Sierra Nevada, so
200 Con Cal & V..1 674 300 Sierra Nevada. 81
200 Justice 16 600- Sierra- Nevada. S2
200 Kentuck 05 200 Union Con 39
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 33 800 Potosi 35
200 Belcher 3:> 200 Savage 29
200 Con Cal & Va .1 70 MO Sierra Nevada. 8.".
500 Gould & Curry. 32 B0 Union Con 40
100 Hale & Norcrs. 33 400 Union Con 42
400 Mexican 50 300 T'ninn Con 43
lOOOphlr 1 07Vi :,0.) rtah ............ 14
SOOOpblr 1W 500 Yellow Jacket.. 28
100 Overman 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07. Justice 14 1»
A' ta — 06 Kentuck 03 OR
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 35 36 Mexican 49 50
Best & Belcher 59 60 Occidental 21 25
Bullion 07 09 Ophir 1 M 1 15
Caledonia 89 70 Overman 13 15
mollar 41 42 Potosi 34 3j>
Challenge Con.. 34 36 Savnste Z» 30
Confidence 79 80 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 Seg Belcher ..06 0,
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 84 S8
Crown Point .. 22 23 Silver Hill 02 -
Con Xew York. — 12 Syndicate — 07
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard z7O —
Exchequer 01 03 St. Louis - 10
Gould & Curry. 32 34 Union Con 42 43
Hale & Nor 32 34 Utah I
j u li a 02 04 Yellow Jacket. 28 SO
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Uaited States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The htjrh and low waters occur at
the city front iMis-sion-.nreet wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7.
Sun rises 5:4 a
Sun sets 6:31
Moon sets 7:16 p. m.
O Time lTime| Tlmel lime
g. Ft. ' 1 Ft. Ft. 1 1 Ft.
? H W , L W H W |L W[
1 1 j 1
7 .. 0:35 4.91 6:16! 1.31 12:4ll 5.4| 6:561 0.7
7 ... 0:35 4.9 6:16 1.3 12:41 5.4 6:56 0.7
8 ... 1:20 4.7 6:49 1.6 1:07 5.5 7:39 0.5
9 ... I 2:11 4.5 7:24 2.0 1:40 5.5 8:30 0.4
10 .. I 3:10 4.2 8:03 2.5 2:20 5.5! 9:26 0.8
11 ..' 4:24! 4.0! 8:55 2.9 3:05] 6.5| 10:30 0.2
12 j 5:40 4.0 9:59 3.1 4:06 5.51 11:35' 0.3
13 ...I 6:59 4.2 11:16 3.1 5:16) 5.4!
L W H W L W| jH W
14 ... 0:3S 0.0 7:59! 4.5 12:35| 3.0| 6:30| 5.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
I day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the thin', time column the third tid«
and the last or right hand column gives th«
i last tide of the dny. except when there are but
■ three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
; given are addition to the soundings on the
I I'nited States Coast Purvey charts, except
v.-her. a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r ,»ff> r p nP P s the menn of the lower low waters.
Time Bali
Branch Hvdrrgraphic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 6, is? 9.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly nnon to-day —
i. c., at nnon of the 120 th meridian, or at V
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, T\ 8. N.. in charge.
<»> — —
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. Due.
Homer St. Michael Sep. 7
Bertha St. Michael Sep. 7
Mackinaw Tacoma Sep. 7
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 7
Columbia Portland Sep. 7
San Juan Panama Sep. 7
Santa Cruz:....|Newport Sep. 7
Willamette ....INanaimo 'Pep. 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep.- 8
Wellington .... (Departure Bay Sep. 8
' B. Hernster Coquille River Sep. 9
I Mineola INanaimo 'Sep. 9
j Empire Coos Bay Sep. 9
i Pomona jHumboldt Sep. 9
Santa Rosa J San Diego Sep. 9
1 City of Rio J.. China and Japan 'Sep. 9
j Umatilla I Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 9
Robt. Adamson INanaimo 'Sep. id
Brunswick 'Oregon Ports Sep. 11
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. 11
Progreso Seattle Sep. 11
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 11
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay 'Sep. 12
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 12
Australia 'Honolulu Sep. 12
Corona San Diego Sep. 13
Areata Coos Bay.. 'Sep. 13
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 14
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 14
TO SAIL.
earner. ] Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Corona San Diego Sep. 7. 11 am Pier 11
Curacao ...Mexico [Pep. 7, 10 am'Pler 11
Areata Coos Bay 'Sep. 8, 10 amPier IS
I Acapulco .. Panama [Sep. 8, 12 m PMSS
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd.lSep. 8. 10 am Pier 9
Weeott Humboldt [Sep. 8. 2 pm Pier IS
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 9. 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport 'Pep. 9, 9 ampler 11
Columbia ..(Portland 'Pep. 10, 10 am Pier 24
Samoa Humboldt (Sep 10, 10 am Pier 2
Pomona ....Humboldt Pep. 11. 2 pm Pier 9
i Point Arena Point Arena.. Pep. 11, 2 pm Pier 2
i Santa Rosa San Diego 'Pep. 11. 11 am Pier 11
Brunswick . Oregon Ports. Sep. 12 |
Nip Maru-.IChir.a&JapanlSep. 12. 1 pmlPMSS
' Homer ICape Nome... Sep. 12 )
I Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 13, 9 am Pier 11
I Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt 84. Sep. 1?. 10 am Pier 9
State Cal... [Portland Sep. 15, 10 am Pier 24
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 6.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Hinkle, 47 hours from
1 Port Harford.
! Stmr Navarro, Higgin?, 19 hours from L'sal
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 14Vs days from Dutch
Harbor.
Stmr Tillamook, Anfindsen, 7 hours from
Russian Gulch.
Ptmr George Loomis, Bridgett, — hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mateawan. Conner, 102 days from Nor
folk, via Punta Arenas 32 days.
Stmr Areata, Rood. 54 hours from Coos Bay.
Nor stmr Titania, I-'.genea, 94 hours from Na
naimo.
Br ship Cambrian Hills. Evans, 132 days from
Cardiff.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly. 31 days from Hono
lulu.
Fr bark Bourbaki, Le Normant, 13S days from
Antwerp.
Ger bark H Hackfcld, Barber, 31 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Encore. Panne, 76 days from Iquique.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson. 26 hours from
Albion.
Schr Mary E Foster. Thompson, 23 days from,
Honolulu.
Schr J Eppingpr, Co-lstrup, 20 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Alice Klmhall, Madson. 48 hours from
j Mendocino.
Schr Norma, Peterson, 48 hours from Fort
Brags
& iir H C Wright, Olsen, 12 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 6.
Stmr Alameda. Yon Oterendorp. Sydney via
Honolulu; J 1> Shekels fr Bros Co."
Bark Colusa, Kwait, Kahului; Alexander &
BaMwii..
Haw bark R P Rlthet, Bender, Honolulu-
Welch < - n.
| Stmr Aloha. Jor^onprri, Seattle; J S Kimbal]
| Stmr Corona, Goodall, San Diego; Goodalf
Perkins & Co.
Bark Ceylon. Wilier. Honolulu; Williams.
Dlmond A Co.
Continued on Page 13.S
CHABLY THE
YOUNGEST OF
THE PIONEERS
Standeford's
Jubilee.
' San Francisco Call
Broadway, Sept. 6.
0 to-day/ 1 said Major Da
ford at a little gathering
" ' 1 Ifornia and am
In the State
'■■'if a centurj
was in honor ot the
- leford is p< rhaps the best
■ and millman in
nt> He has literally grown
State, and although having
■ lie Is now but 68 years
'■ 'Mined his early strug
: : m trip
he was surrounded
Is, whose whitened heads
' ■ experiences before
■ ' '-.'in ;n a > .-w . ountry.
f April 1849. the major and
:.,
• • Ind.. b1 md for the
: the West. The party proved
d to break it up,
f them, ln< iudlng young
1 alone. 1
■ and they
' ' iry for days without
tranger. Young
Iships
r the 1 issil id< bcf < amp mln
• had heard during a
is a drug clerk
me Dr. Rankin, Mr \ lams
G Patrick, William Shingles, a
MAJOR D. W. STANDEFORD.
Mr. Sunderlarid; whose son Thomas is now 1
l-ruminem in Nevada, anil John Qulncy A. j
IjujlarJ, who now livei ur.<l has prospered j
at I-'laoerrjlle.
As soon f.s the party reached California ;
they commenced mining and met with the
usual experiences of pioneer miners. They
would be broke one day and (lush the
next, but finally ali came out with mod
erately good fortune.
"I remember one occasion," said Major
Standeford, "when 1 was sent down the
Sacramento River laden with dust and
told to make some good Investments in j
real estate in San Francisco. 1 looked at !
the miserable shacks and concluded that !
any investment In such a place would be I
merely a waste of money, so 1 carried |
the dust back and reported accordingly." ■
In ISC7. the yar tht; Central Pacific j
Railroad opened. Mr. Standeford came to
Oakland anu established the first planing '
mill, on the corner of First and Washing
ton streets. or a long time lie i id an a ,
partner the late O. H. Burnham. He de- [
voted himself to his business with the ;
Fnme persistency that he had hunted the :
gold dust and now I■• preside* over the '
largest establishment on the \<rater front
The mnjor is ,i member of Uakiand •
T-odge of Masons and passes much of his.
time with the brethren at the Masonic I
Temple For peveral years he ha! been ■
a widower. ar.<! his three daughter! are ,
all harpily married. The major Is a typ- ;
lrai pioneer; hale, hearty, of good mem
ory and always ready 9 ben not attend n«
tolbusinCSS tell of the days when the
S'are was young find when th« way to
fortune pnd success was not as Bmootn
:m it is for the generation that is sue- j
nnnVtlno' the n re< inauts.
ONE OF THE BOSTONS
CREW GETS A FORTUNE
Robert Parker Campbell's Father j
Suicides and Leaves Him Wall ,
Provided For.
OAKLAND. Sept? G.—JUSI °»« week ■•". j
to-day Alexander Campbell; first elated
over the return ,f his son. Robert IMrker ;
Campbell; on the cruiser Boston from .W- .
nlla. tl despondent over the '.den
destruction of his home at Fruit by |
Jlre took n do«f of strychnine ana dU a,
In a petition filed to-day by the Union ,
Trust Company of Ban Francisco;* and
Benjamin B. tfuncon .... probate of
th<- will it appear* that the lustrum, nt.
disposing of his $25,000 estate had ■■" < j
made- only a few days prior to his f ■««•
The petitioners arc named as executors ,
and the witnesses to the will; dated Au
gust 2',. are Bam 801 l McKce ;ind .1. H.
Troy of this city, r.y its terms the i m,
who returned as n w/irrlor from tne Phil
ippines; is woll provided for. The estate
consists Of property at the corner of j
Seventeenth and Mission streets, San
Francisco; arid money on deposit In tne
San Francisco Saving:-! Union. To the
eldest son; James Thomas Campbell, need
"fi years JSr/K) Is I ftthed; to Mrs. Mar
garet Miller of San Francisco; si' l " 1 ' : Mrs. \
Ann Jano Strathoran of Santa Barbara; |
W>cr Miss Annie K. Campbell of Eureka.
|l0f»0, and to Mrs. Hannah McConnell of ;
Fruitvnl'' Jl'W 1 ' i
For the returning . on, Robert Parker
Campbell. $10,000 is bequeathed to the
Union Trust Company In trust, to be in
v ,...,,i in :•!!:■ income-bearing property,
mortiraß<s or securities, the Income to bo
mild over to this son until be shall arrive
at the ago of -JO years, at which time the.
trustees' shall pay directly to him i lie i
whole principal. In th event of Robert's
death before reaching th< age of !<>— be
is now 21-the principal goca to his broth
er Janus T. Campbell. The balance of
the estate Is bequeathed to thn two sons,
•.'■we and share alike. 1
NEWS
°* the Bay Cities
DENY THAT A
COMBINE HAS
BEEN FORMED
Unified Six Merely De-
sire Action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 6.
Some surprise was manifested to-day
when it became known that the City
Council had fixed the tax levy. More sur
prise was manifested at the manner in
which it was done. It If really the first
thoroughly businesslike proceeding con
nected with any big measure that the
present Council has carried out.
The animated debate of last night
shows that when occasion requires the
Council can break apart and that Fix
members— Messrs. Mott, Bar stow, Meese,
Schafer. Kramm and (Jirard, which is a
majority of eleven — can be depended upon
to act definitely. All of the six who voted
together last night declare that there is
no combination among them but that they
rely passed to print the tax levy ordin
ance because they were tired of talking
night after night and accomplishing noth
ing. The committee of the whole was to
have discussed the tax levy t'. -night, but
as the matter has been disposed of it is
now entirely out of th« hands of the com
mittee.
All the pet schemes that have been
talked over during the past month disap
peared with th( vote. Mr. Rowe's visions
of Improvements, in independence square
faded away: Mr. lor's desire to per
manently reconstruct a >• ctlon of Tele
graph avenue and call It .1 boulevard also
disappeared; Mr Gfrard's second tire en
gine for the annexed district went up In
smoke, although he was one of the six
who hurriedly closed up the tax levy
business.
That little meeting last Saturday night
presents a very strong contrast to a little
gathering held a few months ago at th
homo of Councilman Taylor. On the lat
ter occasion nearly all the Councilmeii
were unanimous on whatever was pro
posed It was the moat beautiful gather
ing oV doves on record and everybody
cooed In unison.
Last Saturday night Mr. Bowe was not
there *tr. Taylor was also absent, ami
last night they 'let it be known very clear
ly why they were not present. There was
nothing suggestive of the dove about th<=
manner in which Messrs. Mott, Rowe
Mees.=>. Taylor and Stetson expressed
themselves last night. Bach man resented
dictatorship by any other member and
Mr. Rowe turned red, while Mr. Mott
turned white. Everybody realized that it
Was the 1 cginnlng of a new era in the
Council and to-day, although the mem
bers when they meet smile at each other,
being gentlemen, it Is not the same old
emi'.e with which they saluted each other
in the days when the sole energy of th.
legislative department of the city govern
mcnt was being used to force Mayor Snow
to reappoint a police officer or a Street
Superintendent.
"It was no combination, said Mr. <■!
rard to-day: "but. great Caesar! we had
to do something. We weren't elected to
talk, talk, everlastingly talk!"
OSCAR LUNING MUST
KEEP HIS AGREEMENT
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— Judge OKden to
day rendered judgment In favor of the
Stewart Law and Collection Company,
assign of the Tribune Publishing Com
pany, against Oscar Lunlng for the sum
of $- : 'i)o and costs of suit. Mr. Lunlng was
sued on a contract whereby he promised
to pay 1500 toward the souvenir edition of
Ai.:in'ila County, known as the "Alftmeda
County Illustrated,", and published by the
Tribune Publishing Company. Mr. Lun-
Ing contested the claim on the ground j
thai lie agent of the publishers stated
to him that other prominent men were
to subscribe a like amount <>( money. It.
was shown by Attorneys Snook and
Church for the plaintiff that .Mi. Lunlng
mad. his subscription as an enterprising
public citizen for the purpose of advertis
ing the advantages of Alameda County.
It was also agreed by the publishers that
Mr. Luning's ground! and surroundings
were to be written up in the publication.
In deciding the case Judge Off den said
Where it vas down, as it was in this
case, that th<> publishers had gone to a
great expense in getting out this work,
and thai a special consideration, agreed
upon by the parties to the suit, had been
given to Mr. Liming In writing up his
place, that there were no grounds under
the law by which Lunlng could avoid the
contract. The evidence showed that the
work performed for Liming was well
worth the amount of money charged, and
even if it bo considered a case of "vol
untary subscription," that, the work of
getting out the book having been per- 1
formed by the assignor of plaintiff, there
was sufficient consideration to support
the contract made.
» ♦ »
Adjusting Political Obligations.
OAKLAND. Sept t'.-Some political
changes are to bo made at the court
house. Bert Swan, one of the leaders <>f
the Pondinkey Club and the Young Men's
Republican Club, is to become a deputy
In the County Clerk'a office. Deputy Dean
is to go to the Recorder's office, and Dep
uty Breed Is to be retired from the lat
ter department. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
WANTS THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
FOR THROWING ROCKS AT A CAT
Onkland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Rroadway. Sept. f..
TWO thousand dollars for throwing a
rock at a cat— and it wasn't even Mrs.
Christine Tobler who threw the rock.
Charles Kuhn loves cats; his neigh
bors, the Toblors, love chickens. Cats
also love ohi>'keni», and Kahn's cats were
no exception to the rule. The
neighborly relations of the Kuhns and the
Toblers have many times been seriously
disturbed because of the love of
Kuhn'a cats fur Tobler's chickens and
ens. To-day an Innocent-looking damage
SHE WANTS TEN
THOUSAND FOR
BLIGHTED HOPES
Ysabel Dolores Neil
Seeks Damages.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
'.••is Broadway, Sept G.
A story of lacerated affections and sad
disappointment in not securing as a life
luiik com! anion and htißband the man
upon whom she had set her heart; hopes
red even after Bhe had purchased
her trousseau and made all preparations
; for i!it happiest event in her life are t >M
. In a breach of promise suit filed in the
Superior Court this afternoon by Isabel
Dolores V . - I Milton Shirek for th<
i very oi $i' ,0 0 damages.
The plaintiff, a charming; brunette of five
and twenty summ> rs, was formerly a pop
ular i ■■• '!• of San Bernardino, where she
mcl Milton Shirek, wno was a prominent
and well-to-do young business mar, ■<( that
.-• i i ion, and their Btorj or courtship is ono
wherein love played not wisely nut ;<«>
1 well.
The young woman's complaint prepared!
■ and tiled '.his afternoon l>y Attorn.-;.
Gei rge E. de Golla recites thai a mar rage
contract was entered Into in Oakland on
in ..hum November -■■• of last year,
"when, in consideration that the plaintiff,
; who was then sole and unmarried, would,
lat the requesi of th< defendant, marrj
him. on Ins request, within a reasonable
time; th< del udani then and there prom
ised to marry th< plaintiff within a rea
sonable time." 'The plaintiff avers that -
she placed implicit confidence in defend
ant's promise and has always remained
unmarried, and has always been ready
and willing to marry the defendant, and
that she is even now ready and willing
that the nuptial knoi should be tied.
However, in the month of April last,
Miss Neil, evidentlj believing that tho
expiration of a ■ time was close
at hand pop)"'; the question for h.-r erst
v. i |c lover and requested him to fulnll
his promise of marriage; hut the young
mans thoughts "1 love had evaporated,
and he poinl blank declared his refusal to
i fulnll th' premise.
But, according to tln> complaint, there
was more than love pure and simple In
volved in the negotiations between the
young Couple, for at the time of the mak
ing of Hi. promlsi of marriage Shirek
was a man of wealth and means, owning
property Including two valuable Jot* lo- i
eated In this city, and these the defend
ant as a part of his contract, promised
to convey to the fair plaintiff as her home
and as licr separate property: hut in this
he was no less dilatory than in the fulflll
ment of the marriage, in conclusion says
Miss Nell's complaint:
•■That by reason of and because of the
refusal of defendant to fuliill his afore-
Bald promise of marriage, and t<< keep his
contract, plaintiff has Buffered and been
injured, and still suners greatly in mind
1 and body, and li'is been injured hy loss of
tun- In preparing (or said marriage; has
suffered «r.at injury to her prospects in
life and to her feelings and affections, and
her pride was therein- greatly wounded,
and she has suffered from impaired heal:h
loned by acts of plaintiff since the
said promise so m«d>- by defendant. • • *
That by reason of the premises and of the
breach of contract of defendant, and of
the refusal of defendant to keep his aicn-.'
mi nt as aforesaid, this plaintiff has heen
I damaged in the .«um of $10,000." Where- j
i fore she asks judgment for damages to
that amount. Incidentally a Us pendens
was filed late this afternoon on the prop
erty of Shirek. who at present is engaged
in business in San Francisco.
SAFETY PIN'S PRICK
NEARLY PROVED FATAL
A Nurse Thought It a Trivial Affair,
but Must Nov Stand an
Operation.
Oakland Offke Kan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. fi.
Mrs. F. Rickard, a nurpe In the West
Oakland Home, will undergo an opera
tion at Fahiola Hospital to-morrow morn
inp to Save her from death by blood-poi
soning.
Mrs. Ri.kard's condition is the result
of a pin prlrk. While fastening a Bafety
pin in a garment she ran the Kharp
Brassy point Into her finger. There was
no pain for several days and Mrs. Rick
ard had entirely forgotten the circum
stance when her hand began to swell.
Thinking it a felon, she began treatment
for that ailment. Hut instead of growing
better she grew rapidly worse, feho was
forced to tak'- to her bed and summon a
physician. Then the real trouble was as
certained and Mrs. Rickard was taken to
Fabiola Hospital.
To Promote Home Trading.
OAKLAND, Sept B.— The firsi Work
lngtnen's Home- Trading Club was organ
Iced Co-day among the employes of the
Btandeford Lumber Company. This move
1 Ik being fostered by the Merchants' Ex
i change, which h,aa started an energetic
i crusade to indue- p.-ople of this city to
purchase «t home instead of spending
tlvir money in Sxn Francisco. Similar
Clubs will l>e formed wherever the oppor
tunity off<-r3.
Yon Kapff Wants New Trial.
OAKLAND. Sept. 6.— Ex-Constahle H.
\V. yon Kapff of Alameda. who was last
week convicted of swearing falsely to
claims for foes, appeared in the Superior
j Court to-day for sentence, but the matter
was continued for one week at the re
riuopt of his attorneys, who propose to
appeal to the Supreme Court if a motion
for a new trial is denied.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
suit was filed by Christine Tobler, who
demands $:!""fl from Charles Kuhn, be
cause ho secured her arrest for disturbing
Ins peace. The disturbance of thf> peace
consisted in throwing a rock at one of
the Kuhn cats, said rock missing the cat
and goi;:g through one of the Kuhn win
dows. Presuming, naturally, that Mrs.
Tobler had thrown the rock, Mr. Kuhn
swore out a warrant for her arrest. Si: >
was tried before Justice Lame and ac
quitted. The swr-rn testimony showed that
she was entirely innocent, knew nothing
of the rock and that her husband threw it.
POISON CELLS
ARE FOUND IN
STRAWBERRIES
Nearly Caused Death
of Mrs. Edwards.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
OS Broadway, Kept. 6.
Mr?. Susan Edwards, whose home is in
this city and who Is a Bister of the late
ex-Mayor Sanderson of San Francisco,
is the latest victim of poisoned strawber
ries. VVeah and extremely ill she lies ;>t
Fabiola Hospital, yel la congratulating
herself on the fact that she is alive. A
few weeks ago Mrs. Edwards, who is a
woman of wealth, went to Santa Cruz to
. an outing. One day recently Bhe
ate freely 't strawberries and In a sup
posedly dying condition was at once
brought back to her home in Oakland.
On examination it was found that the
strawberries eaten had been Bprayed
with paris green and thai Mrs. Edwards
had t'akwi .■■" little amount of the deadly
drug into her system.
V. hen the lir.-i effects of the terrible
powder were felt at Santa Crux Dr.
Small was Bummoried and administered
an antidote. It relieved Mrs. Edwards
,'ii once. But pain and fright had affected
the patient so greatly that her life was
despaired of. she asked to be brought
home, ami (in reaching this city was
taken to Fabiola Hospital, where she is
recovering.
Several of the strawberries remaining
in Mrs. Edwards' dish were examined
after she was taken 111, ami it was found
that the paris green, which hail been ap
plied when they were small and unripe.
had become surrounded by the growth of
the berry and was found within, looking
iik,- sniaii wlun- worms. This was so
deadly that Dr. Small expressed surprise
at the amount of poison taken into the
stomach and the fact that Mrs. Edwards
had survived.
Mrs, Edwards Is being cared for day
and night by efficient nurses, and her
condition is being closely watched by the
hospital physicians l< st unlooked for
complications Bhould yet arise.
BLOODSHED IMMINENT
AMONG YOUNG STUDENTS
CHARLES GUISLAIN THROWS
DOWN THE GAUNTLET.
A Consul's Son Who Is Always "At
Home" to Those Who Are Will
ing to Insult Him.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 6.— Bloodshed seems
imminent among Alameda High School
students. National pride has reached the
boiling point and naught but a meeting
on the "field of honor" can soothe the
wounded pride of Charles Guislain, son
of I. -hi Guislain, the Belgium Consul.
Young Guislain has thrown down the
gauntlet to Foster Griffiths, who he refers
to as a narrow-minded coward.
The trouble Is all over High School ath
letics. The High School failed to enter
any contestants at the last field day of the
Academic League and tor the failure to
do so and to pay the fine imposed for its
failure has since been suspended from
membership. Grlfliths wrote a letter
which was published in last month's Ala
meda Bee. stating the above facts and
in an indirect manner charged that Guis
lain had offered to enter the field day if
he should be paid $2 50 for it.
The following letter from Guislain ap
pears in the September issue of the Bee:
To the Editor of the Alameda nee— Dear Sir:
In replying to your article of lust month edi
tion, l' am doing, indeed, too much honor to
the coward and anonymous author of that ab
surd insult. I would advise him another time
not to wait until the eve of his departure for
the East to publish such lies about me. I say
lies, because nil present on that occasion know
as well as the author himself that there in not
anything true In It. The words In your artirle
have/been pronounced, I know, but not by me
In the first instance, and I have repeated them
with the same Intention as the other (honor
able student). It Is to say, just for a joke.
Therefore, i hope you will do your duly in pub
lishing this letter, hoping also that your paper's
columns shall be open no more to the calumnies
of narrow-minded cowards. Yours truly,
CHARLES C. GUIBL.AN.
. p. S.— l wish you would alsn say that any
one willing to Insult me nhall always flnj me
at 1212 Paru street. C. C. OUISL.AIN.
_■ * «
Dalton Sued by Colgan.
OAKT-AXK Sept. ft.— Assessor Dnlton
h.-is been served with a copy of the com
plaint in the suit broiißht by State Con
troller d'lgan to compel payment of $579 tW
which Mr. Dalton claims he is .■muled to
as commissions. Th<- writ of mandate
alsc: served on the County Assessor com
mands him to show cause before the Su
perior Couri "f Sacramento (Jountv on
September 22 Why lie has not paid the
money (Mi the advice of his attorneys,
Mr Dalton will not pay the money until
the court has passed upon the law in the
case.
To Test the City's Power.
OAKLAND. Sept. 6.— The Police and
Fire Commissioners have determined to
learn if they can legally require the water
company to place lire hydrants where the
board deems them necessary for the pub
lic safety. An ordinance beginning with
the following paragraph has been drawn
up and if the company refuses to obey it
the matter will b* taken into the courts:
"It is hereby determined and declared
ami found to be a fact that a hydrant or
Tn her suit Mrs. Tobler refers to her
sensitive nature and to her delicate physi
cal organization, both of which she de
clares suffered fearfully because of the
excitement and notoriety attendant upon
being haled into a court of justice by a
constable, and beinp forced to spend a few
hours ir durance vile— to-wit, in Justice
La rue's courtroom, while her husband dus
up the necessary bail. For all of this
Mrs. Tobler thinks that Kuhn should pay
her $2000, and through her attorney, C. G.
Dodge, she has asked the Superior Court
to authorize such payment.
Sugar Boats in Danger Off Whale Head.
hre plug, connected with n main suitable
in size to properly and constantly supply
said hydrant or (Ire plug with water for
fire purposes. Is necessary at each of the
points specified in section 2 hereof, for tht,
proper protection from lire of inflammable
property in proximity thereto.
"The Contra Costa Water Company is
h"r<'liy authorized and directed to erect,
within sixty days after the taking effect
of this ordinance, and thereafter maintain
a hydrant <>r fire plug at each of the fol
lowing points in the city of Oakland."
■ ♦ ■
JAIL LIFE IS NOT
AGREEABLE TO O'BRIEN
OAKLAND, Sept. «.— James P. O'Brien,
who about six weeks ago was convicted
of a felonious assault upon a young girl
of Pleasan,ton, has petitioned the Supe
rior Court to admit him to bail pending &
decision by the Supreme Court on his ap
peal for a new trial. His petition recites
that he is in delicate health and believes
that his incarceration in the County Jail
will result in further injury to his health.
O'Brien's father is a wealthy hotel-keeper
in I.ivermore.
To Dedicate Their Home.
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— The Home Asso- i
elation for Aged and Infirm Colored Peo- I
ple will dedicate Its building at Beulah
September 9, eommencifrg at 11 a. m. The
following programme will be rendered: !
Singing of "All Hail the Power of Jesus' |
Name"; prayer and Scripture reading 1 I
by Elder Allen; violin solo, D. W. Mc-
Donald; welcome address by the presi
dent, Mrs. Louisa Jackson; musical Be- I
lections, C. S. Butler and Leon Hum
phrey; dedicatory address by Rev. T. [
Brown; solo, Mrs. R. McDonald; .three- j
minute addresses by any of the friends j
desiring to speak; duet, "There's Room
For You to Anchor"; original poem by
Mr*. .D. Washington; singing, "Beulah
Land"; recitation, Miss Bessie ; col
lection raised by Rev. E. T. Cottman; |
prayer and benediction by Rev. W. W. j
Grimes; pianist, Mrs. M. Sargent. Mrs. i
Thomas Pearson will be director of cere- '
monies. The ladies will serve a first- :
class dinner. The cars for Beulah will
meet local trains at Fruit vale.
■ ♦ ■
Railway to Be Prosecuted.
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— City Prosecutor
Abe Leach declares that uiere is no in
tention of abandoning the proposed pros
ecution of the Oakland Railway Company
for violating the ordinance requiring two
men on each car, in having but one man !
si engaged on the Alcatraz avenue car
when little Esther Wahlstad was killed j
a week ago. Prosecutor Leach announces
that he has filed a complaint and sum- |
mons in the cape. After the summons
has been served on an officer of the cor
poration the latter will have five days to
appear in court, when the preliminary
examination must be set.
■ ■» «
Athletic Officers Elected.
BERKELEY. Sent. The Athletic As
sociation of the university of California
held an election to-day for three vacancies
in the list of athletic officers. Different
factions among the students lent a lively
interest to the contest. All day long the
polls were surrounded With friends of the
candidates, and when the poll closed the
result was awaited with more excitement
than is usually display^ In college poli
tics The ballots showed a majority in
favor of Ezra Decoto of the class of 1900 |
for the position of track manager. Robert
Belcher, also of the class of 1900. defeated
his opponent in the fight for football man
ager. The outcome in both cases is satis
factory to the college. Paul Selby was
elected tennis manager without opposi
tion. '
g Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
« marvel of beautiful illustrations
}l — its half-tone work being es-
|: pecially fine.
THEY NARROWLY
ESCAPED GOING
ON WHALE HEAD
Lurline and Bryant
Just Missed It.
Two vessels have had narrow escapes
from going on Whale Head, near Point
Bonita, within the last forty-eight hours,
The brig Lurline, from Kahului drifted
past the rock on Tuesday afternoon and
was so close that the sailors held their
breath, fearing she would strike. Luckily
the current carried her up toward Arch
Rock and a land breeze soon carried her
out of danger.
The bark C. D. Bryant, from Honolulu,
had her narrow escape yesterday. She
could not clear Whale Head and
Captain Colly had to run her into Paddys
Port and drop his anchor. I*ater the
breeze came along and the Bryant was
worked out of her dangerous predicament
and reached an anchorage off Vallejo
street wharf. In the case of both the
brig and the bark it was a question of the
wind falling light and the tide taking
charge. The Lurline was very light, hav
ing only enough sugar aboard to ballast
her, and had she not fortunately kept in
the current that set toward Arch Rock
she surely would have gone on Whale
Head. The Bryant was loaded, and had a
bceeze such as blew during the afternoon
come up while she was in Paddys Port
.she would have gone ashore.
The captains of the C. D. Bryant and
the German Bark H. Hackfeld had a
peculiar experience. They left Honolulu
within half an hour of each other and
reached San Francisco almost the same
length of time apart. Both vessels made
long voyages of thirty-one days and yet
neither "sighted the other until they were
off port. The schooner Mary K. Foster
made the run up in twenty-three days and
the brig Lurline in nineteen days.
The dozen sailors who deserted the ship
British Isles as soon as she dropped an
chor on Tuesday afternoon are once more
at Sea, and the boarding masters an
richer by nearly $750. When the men were
taken on the P.rltish ship they were prom
ised a good time ashore and then a nice
easy berth on a coaster. Lying In the
stream were the British ship Glenard,
ready to sail for Antwerp; the bark R. i
Rithet, ready to sail for Honolulu, and
the bark Colusa, ready to sail for Kahu
lui. All of these vessels were short of
men and had been held in the stream for
several days in consequence. <>n the
Britisher the captain was willing to pay j
"blood money" and on tiv American ves
sels the captains were willing "to do the
right thing" by the boarding masters, i ul
still men could not be procured because
there were no sailors "on the beach." '
Yesterday the Glenard, Colusa and Rithet
went to sea and not one of the men who
came ashore from the British Isles can ;
be found.
The men are being taken one by one out
of the Dv Guesehlin and Claverdon, which
arrived on Tuesday from Australia and
England, and by Saturday night they also
will be shipped again, minus the money j
they lost by deserting and a month's ad
vance paid by the ship thoy went out on. !
The steamer Del Norte arrived from the
Arctic yesterday with the most valuable ,
r;eneral cargo that has come from the
rozen north this year, it is composed of !
16,812 sealskins. S boxes of walrus ivory, j
S bales of bear skins, 4 musk ox skins. 4
bales of beef hides, 4S bundles whalebone,
and 23 bales pelts, the -whole being valued
at half a million dollars. The sealskins :
come from the Pribilof Islands and nearly >
all the other articles were secured by the
whalers. The musk ox hides are very
rare and very valuable, and come from
the. McKenzie River district. So rare are i
they that people doubt the existence of
thf. musk ox. but the four skins on the
Del N'orte will set their doubts at rest.
Captain Allen of the Del Norte reports
that he saw neither the Homer nor the
Bertha, the two steamers now duo fp.m
St. Michael. At Dutch Harbor the only ;
vessel in port was the steamer Bristol
with a cargo of coal. Four of the sealing
fleet had been driven in by stress of
weather, and reported very rough times '
on Bering Sea and very few seals. At 9t. j
Michael everything was very quiet, but
at Cape Nome things were booming, i
Captain Allen says the diggings are very <
rich and that millions will ba taken out :
of the ground next year. The revenue
cutters Bear, Corwin and Grant were all
spoken by the Del Norte. All were well
aboard.
The steamer Aloha sailed f/>r Cape
Nome yesterday with a few passengi ra i
and a big cargo of general merchandise
She will take on some lumber at Eureka
and s'imo more freight at Seattle and
Will then go to St. Michael and Cape |
Nome. John Heugster, one of the crew,
had the top Of one of his fingers taken .
off while loading the ship. He was treat
ed at ihe harbor hospital by Dr. Robin*
Son and afterward sailed on the vessel.
There are a number of changes among
set; captains. Captain George S. Calhoun j
of the bark R. P. Rithet takes command
of the Ship. George Curtis, Welch & Co. s
latest purchase. Captain Bender of the
schooner Amy Turner will take the K.
P. Rithet to Honolulu, where Captain j
Drew of the bark Andrew Welch will i
assume command. Captain A. McPhail,
Who was formerly chief officer of the i
Andrew Welch, will now assume c >ra
mnnd of her. Captain McPhail is now in |
Honolulu, having taken the yacht Lft
Paloma there. Captain Parsons of the i
steamer George W. Elder will take the
Corona out on her southern trip to-d ty.
Captain Debney, the Corona's regular
master, is sick, and Captain Harry Good*
all. who commanded her for two trips.
fs to remain ashore. On his return Cap
tain Parsons will take the George \\\
Elder to Manila. Captain Green, who was
master of the steamer Coliimhin on the I
Portland route and who brought the I
Orizaba down from Pueet Sound, has !
gone out as master of the Stato of Cali
fornia.
Andrew Thoresen, a nurse on the hospi- j
tal ship Relief, was very badly beaten on
Howard and Steuart streets early y ester- I
day morning. He had an altercation with '
three men in a restaurant, and they got
him out on the sidewalk and half killed i
him. His hands and face were lacerated !
his leg was broken in two places, and his
ribs on the right side are probably frac
tured. Thoresen was found at 3 a', m. in
an unconscious condition by Officer Clif
ford and taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where Drs. Robinson and Sherwood at
tended to him. He was then removed to !
the hospital ship, and later was sent to j
the Marine Hospital. 1
TEACHERS MAY
GET THEIR FULL
YEAR'S SALARIES
Find a Champion in
Auditor Wells.
So far as Auditor Wells is concerned,
the public school teachers of San Fran
cisco will not be compelled to teach the
young idea how to shoot gratis during any
portion of the present fiscal year, hut
whether the position assumed by the Au
ditor will stand th.' test of the law, or
rather whether the law under the au
thority ot which he is acting will stand
the test of constitutionality, yet remains
to be determined. The law <>n the sub
ject, as it stands, makes it mandatory on
the Auditor to notify the Board of Super
visors, the Board of Education and the
City and County Treasurer, at the begin
ning of each fiscal year, the amount of
money used in the payment of the salaries
of the teachers in the preceding fiscal
year, and to set aside that sum for the
payment of teachers during the passing
year. In this connection the legal
interpretation of the word "used"
will have an important bearing in decid
ing how much the teachers are actually
entitled to, should the constitutionality
of the law be upheld. According to the
Auditors figures, the amount actually
paid the teachers during the last fiscal
year was $60,463 2u. hut that sum, with
the $17:<.:: J| '. 90 withheld because of lack of
funds makes a total <>f $1,029,800 10. If the
word "used" is interpreted to mean the
=urn actually earned by the teachers last
year the amount will be ample to pay all
teachers' salaries f<>r the present fiscal
year, as the estimate of the amount re
quired for that purpose submitted by Su
perintendent Webster is but $i,"'.o.oi'H>. or
nearly $-i»,<ni<i less than the sum to which
tht y Were entitled last year. On the
Other hand, if thr- word "used" is inter
preted to mean che sum actually paid out,
th«> amount the Supervisors will he re
quired to appropriate Is $159,547 less than
the salary estimate. Auditor Wells, how
ever, appears to have taken the more
liberal view of the m< aning of the word,
and unless he is overruled by the law the
teachers will get what may be due them.
In compliance with the law referred to,
the Auditor, after a consultation with
General Dickinson, bis attorney, yesterday
sent the following communication to the
Supervisors and to the County Treasurer:
AUDIT! OFFICE,
PAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 6. 1899.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors, City
and County of San Francisco:
Gentlemen— Pursuant to the provisions of
section ISISA. Political Code, I beg leave to
inclose herewith a certified copy of a state
ment made by me showing the sum total of:
school teachers' salaries lor the last fiscal
year, and I beg leave to notify you that I
have and will set the full amount of $1,029.
--800 10 shown by said statement, aside out of
the school fund for this current fiscal year
as a special fund to pay teachers' salaries for
the current fiscal year, as required by said
section. Very truly, ASA R. WELLS.
Auditor.
The statement referred to follows:
AUDIT! OFFICE,
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 6, 1899. •
Statement showing amount of money used
in the payment of teachers' salaries in the
public schools of the City and County of San
Francisco for services rendered during the
fiscal year 1898-99:
Amount actually paid out for
said services $550,453 10
Amount of salaries of teachers
for November and December of
said year and remaining unpaid
by reason of litigation concern
ing' same 179,346 90
Sum total J1.029.500 10
The foregoing statement is made In pursu
ance of section ISIBA, Political Code, and is
the amount necessary to pay salaries of teach
ers for the current fiscal year, based upon the
»urn total of teachers' salaries for last fiscal
year. ASA R. WELLS,
Auditor City and County of San Francisco.
I hereby certify the foregoing to be a full-,
true and correct copy of the statement made
by me pursuant to the provisions of section
ISIBA, Political Code of California, for the fis
cal year commencing July 1, 1599.
In witness whereof I hereto set my hand,
the 6th day of September. R WELLS.
Auditor City and County of San Francisco.
A copy of the communication will be
sent to the Board of Education this morn
ing
The action of the Auditor practically
makes the teachers preferred creditors or
the department, and in all probability the
matter will ho carried into court on man
damus proceedings, that are almost sure
to he instituted by the merchant creditors
of the department on the ground that the
law quoted by the Auditor is unconstitu
tional in that it is special legislation. The
section of the statutes which bears on the
subjects reads: "Any city or city and
county regarded as one school district,"
and as San Francisco is the only city or
city and county in the State regarded as
"one school district," it alone benefits by
the law. :
City and County Attorney Francis K.
Lane has been requested for an opinion
■8 to tho legality of the law. and he Is
now engaged in looking up the authori
ties.
A. Chesebrough of the firm of Williams,
Dimond & Co. appeared before the Har
bor Commissioners in regard to wharf
room. A big line of steamers and sailing
vessels is to be put on the run be
tween New York. Honolulu and San
Francisco about July. 1900. and Mr.
Chesehrough wanted to be sure that
there would be plenty of dockage fa
cilities. He was assured by the Com
missioners that ample space would be
provided for the new line. The steamer*
will be put on with the beginning of tw
sugar season next year. m
Qeoige w. Kneaas and John Twigg &
Sons are occupying space in Central Basin
without paying any rent to the commis
sion. Chief Wharfinger Henderson was
Instructed to make a demand upon the
two boat builders for rent, and if they re
fused to pay to eject them at once.
The new collier Matteawan arrived from
New York yesterday. She will have to be,
docked for repairs here, as she was
aground at Satellite Patch, in the Straits
of Magellan, and temporary repairs cost
$10,000. The Matteawan takes the MackN
naw's place, carrying coal for the South
ern Pacific, while the Mackinaw will carry
coal for P. B. Cornwall, and the Progreso
will run to Tacoma for R. D. Chandler,
carrying Roslyn coal.
The steamer Fulton, which was ashore
at Fort Point, is to go on the California
drydoek to-day.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTJBI TICE of tlie San Franclnen
Call, cornet nd Third Btreeti, open
unt'.l 1! ■ very night In the year.
BRAN' )• 827 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until ?:30 o'clock.
. til - 80 o clock.
... .., en until 9:30 o'clock.
6] - i ■■ until 9:30 o'clock.
jr, 4] ..,; et; open until 10 o'clock.
Sixteenth; open
lock. iii.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o clocx.
n until 9 o'clock.
• -second and Ktn
• ■ '■'' ■"'■-
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA LoOtre No. 1. F. and A. II
M will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _I\_
EVENING. Sept. 7. at 7:20 o'clock. 7sJ\
Stated meeting. By order of the Has- '
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 7?, R. A. M.— ft
■ Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_
EVENING at 7:1 o'clock. Mission Ma- J%J\
sonic Temple. 2668 Mission st. Busl- ' 1
ness and M. M. degree. By order if the
H. P. JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
SOUTH ' SAN ? FRANCISCO Ix>d_R No. ■
•>!' F and A. M.— Stated meeting ««.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, at S "K_J?
o'clock. E. C. HARE. Secretary. r^sr N
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— a
Stated nip..-tins THIS (THURSDAY) ,_f\,
EVENING, at 7:30 o"clock. By order ]&J\
"' J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
WII.PEY Encampment No. 23. •I. O. O. J\ /g
F.— Patriarchal degree THIS (THl'nS- y°
DAY) EVENING Meeting S o'clock X\
sharp. JOHN II HANSON. C. 1' S X
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
VAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James O. Ma-
iruire (ex-Congressman) and James L. n»lla-
Kher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
mcved their law offices to the Parrott bulld-
Ins. t^tVKSS Market St.: tel. South 215
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;-
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. >" Market, cor. Stocktn.
L CLARK, Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
J. H. PAP.KER. 316 Market _t.. room 07; advice
■ free: charge low; lusine^s pushed.
NAGLE & NAGI Attorneys- it-Law, Emm»
PrTecßels building. 927 Market -■■
ADVICE free: no charp» unless successful. W.
W DAVIDSON. VL~ Market ft., opri Mason.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. st.. designs, audits 4
Ertiiists aowirei? for corporations '■ firms: r*f.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
LADY'S wheel, Cleveland. 24 lbs., near!; new.
Nt reasonable price. Call between 10 and 12
or 5 and 7 at 704 Bush ft.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL" FAIRMOUNT— Strictly flrst-class; 1714
Market Bt S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, si_g!«
cr en suite: board and room, Jl per day up;
tuites without beard, $1 per day. single rooms.
BOc; Fp*clal rates by month, also to tourists.
KRUITVALE; prlv. board; extensive grounds
i nc | orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvali iv : cars past Ad. Diamond P. O.
GEARY. S3S— Handsome mite and bath; front
garden; separate entrance.
GEARY. P32— The Lonrworth; elegantly fur-
nished front suite, single room?, excellent
board.
HOTEL WILMOT, 72S Sutter— Handsomely
furnished sunny suites, with private bath.
MISSION, 1261 A —Room and board in private
family; new house; modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL; 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
pood home cooking: special rates to gents.
VAN NESS. 944— Elegantly furnished rooms,
with excellent board; reasonable.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN".
WANTED— ChiId to board; pay not fo much
object as company, large sunny yard, refer-
ences given if dosired. Hex 2115, Call.
WANTED— lnfant to board; ?10 per month. 210
Lexington aye.
books — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
~ 11l -: NESS CHANCES.
A— J45OO--THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market st. ; open day and night; no
better paying place in this City; lease. R. G.
WILKE, 3i'6 Market St.
$300— CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
clubroom; runs J*; choicest location; 1 block
Irom •lan building. K. G. WILKE, SO*
Market tt.
A— s2Bi\r, saloon: kept by present owner 11
years; few doors from Market St.; vicinity
Baldwin Hotel; lease: a flrst-( . paying
place; no bt-tter offer for location or business
In the tnarktt. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— jir,o; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, in
first-class paying home bakery, delicacy and
lunch hi/JL-e; close to Powell and Ellis sts.;
$100 for each partner guaranteed. Partlculara
R. G. V. II.XX. &"6 Market st.
A— ss.',o; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall: good
ehtab place; best class of. custom; fullest in-
vestigation solicited. R. G. WILKii, 906
Market *\.
A— J2CO— RESTAURANT Ing a good business
on Jerkin st. ; rent low; splendid place for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
~A—l\\j(iii\ CORNER grocery and bar: transfer
point; rent {40, a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In sight: all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
J3OO— WOOD and coal yard; departure cause of
fale. Mclaughlin & CO., 777% Market et.
fI>O— MANUFACTURING business: ca*h sales;
lame profits. M-LAUGHLIN & CO., 777&
Market st.
1550— SALOON; best bargain In the city on ac-
count of sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 ; -i Market st.
$225— CANDY and Ice cream parlor. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777-. Market st.
$225— RESTAURANT doing $20 business, seats
50, four living rooms, roomers clear rent;
must be sold at once on account of sickness;
Investigate. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT doing good business; full
investigation given, or trade for lodging-
house and pay uiff. EITEL, 1008 Vi Market st.
NOTlCE— Having buyers willing to invest in a
legitimate business. HEALY, 917 Market st.
RESTAURANT— Great sacrifice this day. See
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
WILL sell restaurant or take partner; business
crowding; receipts $40 day. BECK, 935 Market.
FOR BALI Fruit and oyster Ktand; very
cheap. Inquire McCLAIN'S, 1576 Market St.
WILL invest a few thousand dollars In any
• first-class paying business. Box 2430, Call.
PARTNER In a blacksmithlng and wagon-
making business. Address bux 2127, Call.
WHOLESALE and .retail wine business on
Market it.; established 9 years: steadily grow-
ing bar and family trade: domestic reasons
for selling; Intending buyers with ready cash
address for particulars D. E. N.. box 3203,
Call of net 1 : no agents or triflers.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Rush, opp. Cal-
Ifornia Theater — 48 rooms; gas and water in
every room ; price $300.
LIQUOR store at a transfer corner: an estab-
lished business of many years. Box 2111. Call.
RESTAURANT: good location; clleap rent;
good chance for man and wife. 1941 Market.
t4f.f— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
IF you want to buy a good restaurant call and
■ see for yourself; 87 chairs; new range; no
agents. 60S and 610 Seventh st.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason-
able; trial given. Address box 3225, Call.
FOR Bale— Bakery and delicacy store. 2917
Sixteenth St., near Howard.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living-
rooms; want an offer. 805% Filbert ft.
A BARGAIN— and bar, cheap; living
rooms. J. RAHN, 219 Eleventh st.
ACROPOLIS eh pnouse, Sutro Heights; cheap;
going to Europe. No. 6, half block from baths.
FOR SALE— A good paying branch bakery and
coffee parlor. Inquire at 819 Larkln st.
KALOON; $350; 12 Seventh; fixtures alone worth
price asked; selling account of sickness.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL & CO"S\4I2 Sacramento St.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR — Good paying Inside route en this
paper. Apply Call office. ■
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ONE delivery wagon carrying one ton; top and
business road buggy, good as new. W. E.
SHAW. :>".2i Market St.
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
«tc o-uo. EGA> T & BOX, 2117 Mission at.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work j
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- |
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., <02 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
et.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SI MUTUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery: she will shoW you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; mites th( sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty: locates treasures and minerals: tells i
your entire life, past present and future, j
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction j
' guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular |
! with special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK. |
j 1023V4 Market, nr. 6th. Always consult the best, j
j MMX. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
i an future: never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
I hand or wife: fee. 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market st.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
j MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
I card reader: born with double veil an i second
i Fight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
j ladies, 60c; gent?. 51: sittings. SljW._ __ Turk, i
jC. STEERS, medium. 1124 Oak st. : circles!
I Tues.. Sp. m. ; Thurs.. 2 p. m.: $25c; read- i
I Ings $■ j
SEANCE to-night from 7 to 1"; character and
advice; something for each. 521 Turk st. ; 10c.
MMI YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night: 10c; come Fkeptlcs. 605 McAllister.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future. 250. 14S Sixth st.. r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c: dally. 10 a. i
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7to p. m. 105 Lark'.n. I
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card |
reader: 23c up. 73 Fourth s=t.. near Mission, j
I GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
' power in ritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
J MRS CI. MEYER.! J3S McAllister, testa dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat.:2iSp.m..lCc&2'.c;3ittings daily.
i MME RAVENA reads life fluently: business
! adv'.ce: names given: Xc up. 5 Fourth st.
•' MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: .........
r-ar.iTs picture. :.V: Indies. 914 O'Farrell -•
COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un- |
less gucp»«sful. Room 31". -■-' Market St. |
COTTAGES TO LET.
! COTTAGE 5 re-cms an 1 bath; flr?t-cla«s condi-
tion; gas: Sla: large yard. :^:t Nineteenth st.
■ — — — — __-__-—-— . . _ — i I
DENTISTS.
j A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927 ;
Market st . over Cafe Zir.kand— Teeth extract-
' ed without rain by th* use of electricity, gas
I or chloroform: -'■ -• by local anaesthetics ap-
I plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold |
fll-lr.es from Jl up; ether fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and !
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit j
from 14 50 UP 1 flesh colored plates from $3 50 .
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open j
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner I
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 |
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- ;
out a plate; fillings. 50c: crowns. M 50; plates, j
] full pet. $5: all work painless and warranted.
I Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. I
AT tho ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- i
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide., yo-j cqn \
have your extractions donf» painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, {4 60 up; of- :
fice hours. 9 a m to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex- i
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- i
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4: I
rubber or flexible plates, S3; received S first j
prices; no students; guaranteed 12 years. j
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric- i
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. '■•■■' Market Bt
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work arid fillings a
Fpecialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET* Of * teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
1 MEYER, 6 Turk Deutscher Zahnarzt: crown
and bridge work: open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
i OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up: crowns,
13 up; open evenings. £50 Market st.
j DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
' LATEST patterns just arrived from New York •
at McDowell Dressmaking School. . 103 Post. |
EDUCATION
HE M.I ' Business College, 24 Post St.. San |
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.: electrical engineering- theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; '■' teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata- I
logue free.
A Nl<;ht School fcr Men. V. M. C. A . Mason
and Ellis ms. Op< I r2. Business and
.-•rial course— Shorthand, typewriting, |
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish, !
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or Bend tor
1 catalogue. Tuition within reach of .-ill.
AYRES' i ; :isine-s College, 723 Market si .short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified tea. her; low-
rate's; life scholarship, $60; catalogue.
A THE Lyceum, accredited preparat ■ '
for the universities, law and medical colleges; ■
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. ' ; BARRETT, a leading court and gi
reporter (graduate <•'. State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall ■'■ mery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system, sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus College, 12M Markt
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech survey, assay, archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864, VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye
BINGING. piano; Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours ! t -
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; corn
Miss Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1612 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus
Iness College. 806 I.arkln Bt., opp. City Hall.
BO< iKKEEPING, arithmetlcgTammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
I
EMPLOY ME \ T O FFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce Japanese, ''hl-
nepe. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help i;KO. OAKI. 31"' 'ieary st.: tel 'iram . : .fl.
i EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish cook clesir.es. sit ;
American family; good reference. MISS 11.
CULLINAN, 523 B itter 1 1.
FIRST CLASS cook d-sires situation; under-
stand* all branches of coking; city or coun-
try. MISS H. CULLINAN. 82J Butter st.
! A FIRST CLASS cook wishes situation; under-
bi mda American and German cooking; yeare'
erences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A RESPECTABLE young French lady wishes
a situation as governess or chambermaid in
American family; best of references. Ad-
dress box 2481, call.
AN elderly woman who \* a good cook, clean
and neat, wants a situation, light housework.
Call at 1231 Market Ft
GIRL wishes to assist housework and cook-
ing; no children. Address or call 6 Camp st.,
off Guerrero.
V- i NG lady desires position In offlce; good
t>i-e»riter and bookkeeper; wages moderate
liox 2_9. Call.
A WOMAN wants work by day at fvuspolean-
lng or washing. Call or address 3352 20th st.
AMERICAN lady wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper. Please cal! 127 Turk st.
ELDERLY lady wls-hes situation as cook; good
references; no objection to short distance in
country. 772 Seventh, near West, Oakland.
WANTED— General housework by a first-class
woman; no objection to a short distance in
country. 445 First st.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
| home. 621 Mission et., room L,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1899.
EMPLOY* ENT "WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
flrst-class laundress; makes herself generally
useful; best references given. Call 120 ildey
St.. bet. Bush and Pine, near Stelner.
RELIABLE young woman wants work by the
day or week: general work; understands cook-
ing- good reference. Address G. G.. Branch
Call office. 300 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow wishes a
situation In widower's family, or will take
care of invalid: city or country. Call MRS.
WILSON, 1932 Mason st.
1 kDY wishes position as housekeeper In wid-
"ov.er's family; would assist children with
school studies and music. Address 1529 How-
ard st. _____
i MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
' - er al housework; is good plain cook; un-
derstands care of sick and children. Ap-
ply 35 Fifth ft, room 4.
A 1 BRANCH 'Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 A a-
lencia st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st near Mar-
ket- 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
-j EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
CHl>TErirr~and Japanese Employment °"ice;
[ best help. 41434 O'Farrell st. : tel. Last 426.
! rOUNG man of 2.".. experienced office man
I and salesman, desires position; first-class ref-
| erences. ■ Box J 4. Call. _
I SITUATION wanted by first-class coatmaker.
i Address SIMON DALALIAN, Fresno, Cal.
BAKER on cakes and bread, experienced,
wishes position. 2124 Howard .-'■
WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with 15
years' experience in leading wineries of all-
fornia wants like position; best references.
Address room 6, 337 East Fourth St., Los
Angeles. _ ,
YOUNG u"nmarrled man wishes position ns
• clerk or barkeeper in hotel; years of experl-
I ence: best of references; city or country.
Box 2110. Call office. . .
BOOKKEEPER and salesman, 15 years' expe- !
rience, wants position; city or country; would
leave U. 8.; Manila, Mexico, anywhere; ref-
erences and bond. H. L. LOYD, 836 Mission.
MAN find wife desire situations; man good
gardener; wife as flrst-class cook. Address
box 2240, Call office. ,
WANTED— Work by young man; window or
liousecleaning or other work; wall paper
cleaned. HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush,
telephone East 963.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscript! has been established at 1096 \a-
' l^icla st. _^___^___—
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
; " ■■_ Market St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A M. SPECK & CO., 6G7 Market St.
COTTAGES. I FLATS.
731131!.; 6 r $20 1 Fell; 3 r $13
8514 26th; 6 r 14 1 259 Clementina; 4 r. 12
1241 Sanchez; 0r... 13 1374>_ Stevenson; 3 r 10
315 Jersey; C. r 13 j 36 A Tehama; 4 r.. 10
4218 26th; 5 r 12 6458 Jessie; 3 r 10
537 Jersey; 5 r.... 11 621 Linden aye.; 3rd
A— 4-ROOM flat. 128 O'Farrell st, cor. Powell, I
near Orpheum; $12; 3-room flat, near Third j
and Mission; $3. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A SUNNY middle corner flat; modern Improve- !
' ments. 1000 Webster Bt.. cor. Golden Gate.
BUCHANAN, 1202— Six rooms and bath; middle
flat; all sunny rooms; owner 253 Minna st.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick—
sunny Bat, 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
: 10 Montgomery st.
MINNA, 1 door from Tenth— Very fine fiat; 4 I
rooms and bath; sunny.
NEAR Clly Hall: 2 upper sunny flats; 5 and 6
rooms. 25 and 27 Birch aye., off I_.rkin, bet.
Grove and Fulton.
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2618 Mis-
sion st.
RING' 29, bet. Sth and 9th, Folsom and
Harrison— Flat of 3 large rooms; $8.
SUNNY 3 rooms, bath, basement. 1 Hampton
place, off Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
THIRD, 417%— Latest improved flats; Ist. 8 rms..
2 -hen.-: 2.1. 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits,
TWO fine flats: new house: Richmond District:
modern improvements; 7 and 8 rooms: 130
Second aye.; rent reasonable; $20 and $22 50.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath; i
panit-ry plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker. I
UPPER flat 4 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
St., near Seventeenth.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
in. idem conveniences. 1445 McAllister st.
FLATS WANTED.
PERMANENT and reliable tenant wants 4 or 5 i
furnished or partly furnished rooms within
walking distance Palace Hotel preferred. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2405. city.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 2".c to 50c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
$300— FURNITURE and carpets, 7-room flat,
nearly new. 772 Stevenson St., near Ninth;
rent low.
4 ROOM furniture for sale; will leave city:
must be sold. 309 Seventh St., middle flat.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No. i
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price. M. SILVERSTEIN. 1121 Market st.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN .'& CO PHONE GRANT ISS
Head waitresses, $25, and 2 waitresses, $20,
for cafe, south, fare here; 2 waitresses, mm
Ing town, north. $20, fare here; 2 waitresses,
Madera, fare here; 2 waitresses, Healdsburg;
waitress, Pacific Grove, fare here; 7 wait-
resses, city, $20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $6; j
young girl" to learn waiting, $5 week to begin;
cook, small hotel, $35, -see party here; 3 cooks,
$-'5 and . $30. FAMILY ORDERS
FAMILY ORDERS
Mother and daughter for small private fam-
ily, country, $35. see party here..
Girls for cooking and general housework,
city and country, $15 and $25; second girl. 2
in family $15, see lady here. If you are looking
for any kind of work give us a call. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS girl for general housework in
a small American family; one who under-
stands cooking, washing and Ironing; $20;
good place for ..ne right party. C. R. HAN-
SEN .v CO.
WANTED— Woman for general housework, by
the day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
WANTED— 2 girls, same house, $25 and $20,
Berkeley; also 2 girls, same house, $25, $20,
Oakland; girl?, girls, girls, for general house-
work Palo Alto, $25; San Mate... $25; Berke-
ley, $25: Oakdale, $30; Inyo County, $20; An-
tloch, $20; 45 girls to cook, wash and Iron
and general housework, and young girls to
assist in housework for American and Ger-
man families, at $15, $20, $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT ft CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Dining-room girl for officers' mess,
$25; lady solicitors on Jellies; second girl,
city. $25; 4 second girls and nurses, $20; 10
German, Scandinavian and Protestant cooks,
$30; 16 waitresses for private boarding-houses,
hotels and restaurants, for city and country,
$15, $20; first-class Protestant laundress, ?30;
4 nurses, $15 and $20; cook and second girl,
Fame house, $25 and $20; French girl, general
housework. $25; 2 German second girls, $20.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Butter.
INSTITUTION cook, $30; 2 cooks, private fam-
ilies $30 each; 25 housr-girls. $25 and $20;
waitress, Institution, $15; nurse, $25; 50 girls
and women for the country. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK San Jose, $25. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutler st.
SECOND girl. $25; nurse, same place, J2O;
housework girl. $20, two in family. Apply
to MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
_ WAITRESSES. $20; laundress, $25. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery at., room 12.
LADIES wanted for dress-cutting; good posi-
tions and salaries when competent. 11S&
Langton St.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' neckwear
and silk caps. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21
Bansi :n--> st.
WANTED— Strong and willing girl for second
work and wait at table; references. Call 306
Lcavenworth et.
WANTED— GirI to work In shooting gallery;
no experience required; $6 a week. Inquire
407 Dupont st.
WANTED— hands on silk and
woolen waists. Call at 409 A Turk st., S. F.
Mfg. Co. . . ■ ___„
WANTED— Several ladies at once who desire
home employment. 472V4 Thirteenth st, Oak-
land.
WANTED— First-class sewers on cording and
finishing underskirts, etc. Apply H. FRIED-
LAiNJJER, 338 Fell st.
GIRLS wanted to work on fringes. ETTIN-
GER'S, 723 Market St.
HELP — FEMALE.
CO^K^d^wa^h^mnanTizS and $20. boarding
house, fare here. MISS CULLEN, 320 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Oakland, $25. American fam-
ily of 2. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; $25; references)
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter gt.
FRENCH second girl, $20; German girl to take
charge of boy 8 years old and sew, $25. Mlb_
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED hand and machine sewers for
factory and home work. BUSBY'S GLO\ E
FACTORY, 207-209 Sacramento st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to do light
housework; two in family. Call between 12 ;
and 6 at 3859 Seventeenth st
NICE _irl of .14 years wants place for light
housework: cood home; small wages. Call
741 A Thirteenth St., near Filimore.
GIRL for housework. 521 Post st.
LADY canvassers wanted. Brownstone Wine
Co.. 331 Ellis st.
GIRL for housework; no washing, baking or
windows. Call after 1 p. m.. 2126 Bush st.
WANTED— experienced apprentice girl on
custom coats. 234V4 Sixth st.
WANTED— for general housework. 432
Fair Oaks st. ■
YOUNG girl for general housework; small
family. 2405 Webster st.
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. B_ Kearny
St., room IS.
MANGLE hands. Apply Electric Laundry, 837
Folsom st.
S. F. dressmaking school; practical method;
also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
GIRL to wait at table in restaurant. 40S Mc-
Allister st
WANTED boarding-house cook. Apply
1122 Larkln st. , -. .■■: - .
! FINISHER on custom coats; good wages; ex-
perienced on buttonholes. 11 Harriet st.
WANTED— A waitress; $4 per week. 619 Sac-
ramento st.
YOUNG _lrl to take carp of child; wages $10.
Call before noon. 910 Ellin St.
! NEAT girl; light housework; small family.
1117 Turk et.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay at.,
People's Restaurant.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
Bt.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO.,
LTD., Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
i GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRDS! GIRLS!
I.EVI STRAT'SS & CO., 32Vi Fremont rt.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
; chir.es and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, dining room and pantry;
country orphanage; $15. Address E. P.. box
2112, Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for housework: refer-
ences required. Apply 720 Broderick St..
from 10 to 12 a. m.
GIRI- to assist in tailor shop; steady work;
also a presser. 2*19 Greenwich st.. near Pre-
sidio.
WANTED— CIoak hands at E. MESSAGER'S
clonk Store. 145 Tost st.
OIRL for general housework: small family.
I ; Devlsadero St., near Fell.
REFINED German girl for grown children and
sewing. Hotel Granada, room 64^
YOUNG girl, 14 to I*\ as apprentice in ladles'
tailoring; paid from the start. 944 Geary St.
GOOD working housekeeper to go Into the
country. See pnrty 41*5 Tine st.
WANTED— Good finisher on pants. 22% Geary
St.. roi m 23.
WANTED A lady of refinement to assist in
light housework; good home and fair pay for
the right party. Call aft-r 12 noon 116 Taylor.
NEAT tidy girl, 14 to 16, to assist light house-
work'; Alameda. Box 2104, (all oftice
| GERMAN pirl to assist in general housework.
v; Eleventh St., near Howard; call Let. 9
l I and 12 a. m.
i NEAT girl for light housework; 2 In family:
wages $S to $?. 716 Franklin St.
FIRST i 'l. ass finisher on carats; steady work.
Call to-day 364 Geary st^
GOOD woman to d I plain cooking in country,
$20. Apply 3M 12th. near Harrison.
i GIRI-P to sew on buttons. 3O'_ Fremon* Bt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
$76 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
H BliP \V A NTED — M ALE.
150 GRAPE TICKERS $1 and found -
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
n<> experience required, for Fresno County;
cheap fares
2 to 3 months' work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on tho railroad as la-
borers, teamst-r.- or tunneln.en, at wages of
$1 75 to $2 76 a day, can secure it from us
free of any expenst; to the work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 c.eary st.
FRF.E FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wage* $17.. to $2 7.", for the Coast Rall-
-1 road. C. R. HANSEN iv CO.. M 4 Geary Bt
10 TEAMSTERS, ?2 a day. board $4 60; 8 men !
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75 ,
a day Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt
HAND sawyer, (3 a day; carriage-maker, $3 a
! day; timer, $15 a week, blacksmith, city, $2 75
a day; 6 young men to work in a box factory,
no experience. $1 a day; 3 winery hands. $1 25
n day and board; 4 almond pickers, $1 a day
and board; 2 section hands, $1 70; young man
to learn laundry business, $1 a day; young
S andlnavlan to drive a delivery wagon, $20
and found; 2 field hands, $1 60 and found; 6
lumber pliers, $30 and found; « laborers to
build a railroad in the woods. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSKN & CO., 104 deary st
CAMP cook, ' "■•. i k and helper for a gang of
laborers, $75; S cooks. $40; kitchen hands, $6
a week and $26 a month. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
STEWARD, dining room and kitchen, for a
country hotel, $60 to $60; 3 waiters, $30. C. R.
HANSKN <Kr Co., K'4 C.eary st.
WANTED- Coachman, ?30: stableman for milk-
man's stable, $25; American clerk for furnish-
ing goods store; carriage, blacksmith, $4;
quartz miners; laborers. $1 75 to $2 day: 3
milkers; 2 men about place, $20 and $25; team-
sters; woods and mill men for Oregon, $1 75 to
$3 day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— lnside servant, $20 and found: Fales-
rr.nn for de]|,-atessrn store, $40 nnd found:
night cook, country, $35 and found: 2 cooks
and wives, $56 and $C 5; waiter and wife, $50; j
2 boarding-house cooks. $40 and $45; porter and I
wife, $4; American waiter. $40; oysterman,
$35 and hoard; 2 hotel waiters, $30; assistant
baker. $35. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
<■' ' . 62^ Sai ramento sfc
WANTED
Farmer and wife for first-class ranch, near
city, $?.5 per month and found, see party at
our office; 4 ranch teamsters, near city
$26 and found
2 milkers. $30; dishwashers, also waiters, for
restaurants and hotels In city. $30; 5 laborers
for brickyard, near city, $30 and found; 6
miners. $2 25 per day; blacksmith for mill,
near city, $40 and found; pondman and tally-
man for mill, $30 per month and board, and KO
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED 2 men to assist gardener; short dis-
tance; $20 nnd $15; see party h,ere 1 o'clock.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Kt.
FOOTMAN; $30 per month. MISS CULLBN,
325 Sutter St.
BROILER, $45; bellboy, J10: 2 waiters, $25.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery it.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wagei; poaitloni
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohier'i Barber College, BK Clay it
EXPERT conk of good character and sobriety;
wages $12 or 514 a week; state references; nge,
nationality and whether married or single.
Popular Restaurant, 820 J Kt., Sacramento,
ACTIVE man. willing to devote 9 bouri per
day to light, genteel work, can make 111 pi |
week, with chance of increase; triunt Imve
$100 cash. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— rook who can handle short order*,
prepare dinner and bake bread foi OOUntry
lunch counter. Address box 2243, i'hll ..ftic
WANTED— An able bicycle repair man, mull
be unmarried and furnish t 1 referem at
P O box 205, San Mnle.i.
RESPECTABLE elderly men tm llgnt work;
steady place; small wages; referenoet 444
Valencia st.
FOR pensions, any claim, against U. H , *cc
SHERWOOD, room 612* Examiner building,
San Francisco.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY READY PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
3 machinists, $3 day •••••
8 blacksmiths, horesshoers, $3 day. $50, $40,
$30 and found ■■
2 wood turners, $2 75.... mi1l bench hand, $2 75
Upholsterer. $2 50 band sawyer, $2 ib
Painter, carriace, $40 and found; sash and
door maker •■••
Setter, sawmill, $65 and found; cooper ror
winery: lather for sawmill, company; slate
splitters, cabinetmakers. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO FARM, DAIRIES ••
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
3G harvest and hay hands for all kinds of
work, $2 50. $2, $1 50. $125 day
43 steady farm Jobs to-day ;
$35, $30 $26 and found
16 milkers $25 ' and' $30 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS .....
29 choremen and boys for farms, stores, fac-
tories, learn trades,. in stables, bakeries,
chicken farms, cash and elevator and bell
boys, manufacturing companies, etc., $30, $20.
$25. $20. $15, $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
FREE FREE FREE. . . .
To every railroad In California but one (the
one we don't ship to Is Coast Railroad); drill-
ers, laborers, teamsters, hammersmen, section
hands, splkers, stone and concrete masons,
etc., 13 50 day; hoard and lodging $4 50 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES .-•
12 good miners, single hand* $60
35 laborers for mines (no experience), $34 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63b
Clay st. .
FARE PAID. ...CARPENTERS. ...B hours $3
day and found; 5 carpenters, city Job, $2 50
day. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
TO SAWMILLS WE PAY YOUR FAKES
155 men (no experience required), $26 to $40
and found: 50 different classes of work. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NEW WORK— FREE FARE
25 drillers and hammersmen, $2 75 and $3 day
25 laborers, same Job, $60
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
$3 50 DAT- HAY BALERS woodchoppers, tie
makers by the hundreds; tools and food
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
QUARRY WORK
5 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
25 laborers (no experience) $48 and found
12 laborers (no experience $60
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED 3 cooks and wives
Bartender and wife; milker and wife; gard-
ener and wife; $40, $35 and found. MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
7.' LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS
25 teamsters, city Jobs. .s4o and $26 and found
53 laborers, some board home, city
$2, $175 day
23 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 $60
56 laborers, fare 50c (no experience) $60
196 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California; wa«es from $3, $2 50, $2 and $1 75
day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
39 cook; sso, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found
36 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
67 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
19 porters, bell and elevator boys
$30, $25, $20. $15 and found
4 cooks and wives or men together
$40 and $60 and found
Pantrymen. Janitors, second, third and fourth
cooks above places are in hotels, boarding-
houses, mines, camps, ranches, saloons, res-
taurants, Institutions, cafes, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS LAUNDRY
3 first 7 second. 5 third, 3 fourth hands and
boys to learn bakery trades, $40, $35, $30, $25,
$"0, $15 and found
9 laundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FRUIT PICKERS. $30 and found: grape pick-
ers; 563 men boys, anybody will do; office
fee $1. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
60 MEN or boys to cut beet tops, $30; 6 stable-
men $40, $30, $25 and found; 2 sheep herders.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BOY for our office. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay st.
FOR SALE— Fine 4-chalr barber shop: fitted in
latest furniture: owner retiring from business;
cheap DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
COATMAKER or general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
COATMAKER wanted to work Inside. 2809
Greenwich st.. near Presidio.
Ynrxc man wanted as porter. 2 California
Ft.. Fearless saloon.
WANTED— Bootblack; steady. 16 Post st.
FOl'R good hustlers; good salary to right par-
ties. 300 Post st.
WANTED Boy in printing office; one who can
feed Job press preferred. Apply 415 Market.
WANTED— An errand boy. Apply at 8 a. m.,
22 Battery s^
ELDERLY man to cook for 4 or 5 men; wages
$10 a month, fall GOO Haight st.
WANTED Blacksmith, by A. T. BECRAFT,
Twenty-third and Bartlett sts.
WANTED- H"stler; city references. 2617 Mls-
slon St.
BOY wanted. NURSERY DEPOT, 1574 Mar-
ket st.
FRINGE weaver; also cordmaker. COLOM-
ISAT'S, 113 O'Farrell st.
Bi 'V for work in factory. Apply before 9 a.
in.. 630 Commercial st.
BOY to learn blacksmithtng and horseshoeing.
A] ply 1718 Fillmore ft.
SHOEMAKERS wanted on repairing at 1155
M irket st.
WANTED Elevator boy at BAY STATE OYS-
TEIt HOUSE, 29 Stockton st.
STRONG boy or young man to help In cake
bakery. 911 Larkin st.
INDUSTRIAL Insurance agents. R. RALPH.
oil Montgomery *t.
THIRD hand or helper in bakery. 1829 Polk
street
PLUMBER wanted at 14S0 Fulton st.
PORTER wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS, 721
Market St.; Stevenson-st. entrance at 9 a. m.
SHOEMAKER on repairing ; steady work; call
early; bring tools. 2SO3Va Greenwich St.
GOOD roher barber wanted for evenings, Sat-
urdays and Sundays. 52!* Ford St.
BARBER for one week; good wages. 407 Bush
street.
GET your shoes hnlf-soled while warting; 26c
to 500. f.C2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
WANTED— Sixty men, women, boys and girla
to pick hops at Guerneville: special railroad
rates; free camp sites on Gurrnewood Park;
free wood, free water and free tents; $1
per 100 for picking. Apply room 20, 2d floor
Mills building. S. F.
TO Tailors — Good coatmakere wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— Concrete men and laborers to work
on California Powder Works reservoir at
Pinole, Cal.; laborers' wages $2 per day;
board $4 50 per week; no discount; cash paid
on all time checks. Apply to E. M. CARR,
Pinole, Cal.
DRIVER. S3O per month and found. Apply
3318 Mission St.
BARBER wanted at 632 Third street.
GOOD tailor; steady work. At 428 Ninth st.,
Oakland. •
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
FIRST-CLASS matmaker wanted for country;
also ladies' tailor. Apply P. GREENBERG
& CO., Flood building.
BOYS about 16 years old wanted.' Apply at
Rope Works, Potrero.
JEWELERS— Bush st., room 4, third floor.
WANTED— Two good men. Apply at 22 Post
st., from 7:30 a. m. to 8:30 a. m.
BARBERS— Paying shop for sale: cheap rent;
part cash. 203 Montgomery aye.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. I!. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha« been entubllshed at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-oft shoes, cloth-
Ing and tools. 8. BERKOWIT7J. 534 Pacific.
COO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. MI2 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GENT'K fine en if »hoi>n to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ln«-, joe to Ho; ktellae;, He mp. 923 Howard at
TK.Y our ltd mrnls; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MI.N and woniPti lo learn barber trade at S. F.
liAltui'.it COLLEGE. 138H Eighth st.
PENSION*— J, 11, BHEPARD & CO., attor
■■' ■- »i«y«. Itriunt bldg.. Third and Market.
IIAII,<>l(H mill iitiitnnry seamen for coast and
Aimtiulln m lIICMMAN'H. 26 Steuart st.
ICO HINMI.I fin iiii-iie,i rooms. lie 15c ami~2so
pr. Mi i,i t. iii.i. ll. dth and Howard; read. rm.
!11N'...K foem*i |80, Me 25c r-r night; TBo. II
to |2 mi wr.ri, 1 .- Bloho House, 863 V* Market nt.
'I'KV A. me lloiikk, 857 Market st.. below Sixth,
, for a nun; 26c a night; $1 a week.
HELP WASTED MALE.
BERBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket;. 700 - ioms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc Fop Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday,
SI'LI.IVAN i- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale. Apply Four-
teenth aye. and R. St., South San Francisco.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZTEL. Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ay.
A WEEK'S npwj for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, SI p»t year.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
jgOO SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
WOO— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market Bt. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. HASILE, Z Eddy.
$140—22 ROOMS; S ! location; all rented; rents
$30 per month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
R. H. WINSTON, 1026 MARKET STREET,
RELIABLE BROKER
14 rooms; cor.; central; snap $S5O
28 rooms; cheap rent; only - ■"
32 rooms, corner; part cash U'»>
41 rooms; Powell st. ; elegant bouse 800
$325— LODGING-HOUSE; 16 rooms; always fill-
ed; rent $43. Call 129 Third st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Unlfpfl Ptatf-.. nnstnaid. for $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
GEARY, 639, rear— Sunny; all renovated; 4
rooms and bath; $12 with water.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$11 Hoi Si; of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye., iifar Turk and Buchanan Fte.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week. _^___^
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Hyde Larkln or Market; eatln bag,
puree, handkerchief. Reward, 1012 Leaven-
worth st.
I.< .ST Kiin li- an 1 white hound; blti h; short
and chubby; answers to Minnie. Liberal re-
ward at The Florence, 102 Ellis st.
SUNDAY on Valencia St.. bet. Seventeenth and
Nineteenth, fur collarette. Reward at Sl3
Valencia st.
LOST— Feather boa. Guerrero, near Twentieth
and Hill. Reward at 724 Guerrero st.
HEBREW prayer-book; kr-epsake to owner.
Please reteurn to 620 Larkin <=t.
FOUND '"hills nf-cklace in Golden Gate Park.
Apply at Call office.
LOST— White tetter dog; black spots over
eyes resembling Fpectacl^s. liberal reward
for Information or return. Write Doctor.
Hospital. Presidio.
BLACK cewspaper cart and harness; stolen
from Third and Market st?. Return to 219
Capp St.; no questions asked and receive
reward.
LOST— A feather boa on Polk St., bet. Pine and
California. Reward if returned to 633 Golden
Gate aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chines* tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 1
and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 1221
Market st., between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny St.
MRS. DR. WEGEN~ER. ladles' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; latest de-
signs; new and second hand; carriage en-
gines. Dynamic Engine Co., 1309 Mission st.,
near Ninth.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Walt/ '..- '■.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.,Cal.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento St.
NICELY mounted carabao head from Manila
for sale. Wyoming Camp, Presidio.
SINGER sewing machine, nearly new. 33 Moss
St., upstairs, off Folsom, near Seventh.
ST. BERNARD dog. 14 months old; $25. Apply
797 Mission ft.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.; complete and
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission St.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suits, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND billiard table; in good order;
complete. 835 Folsom St., WM. BATEMAN.
IRISH setters; pedigree show and working
etock. Glenmore Kennels, 2641 Linden, Oakld.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks c changed,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year • for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Furniture of five or six housekeep-
ing rooms: must be cheap; San Francisco or
Oakland. Address box SB7, Call office, Oakland.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. !' ■> first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long: Job. E B.
STONE Elmhurst. '
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or. as a whole: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly,
Call 65.-G9 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st. '
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable nnd private place to ob-
tain llber-al advances on diamond* and jew-
elry at the lowest rate*. Ilaldwln Jewelry
Store, 546 Market at.; telephone Main 1644.
CASH loaned to salaried i'r,.(>!r on 11, .t0 with-
out lndonttr. MoK 1-1 .1 .. m-> Kxatnlntr bid*.
any amount by private part) on furniture and
pianos; no removal low ra(e«: .-. nti.irniiui.
iioni 1,1.1 «'<ili»«t\ ntnry bills., IM lVwrll at.
$60 TO )."<'oo. lowml i«lr«; lot ami M mortgs ;
any |.r..|.ii»it|.in, I'liypin »i.; MonUotnory.
ON Purnltura, planoa, without removal; no
...i.m.1n01,.... |.||.alr I.ICK. 1U M.-AlllHtiT St.
MuNHV I, .and »,!:Hk,i |>c«mi|c on their notes
without Imittroi rtU>iI4CT. KM t'arrott bid*.
IV . 1..-U property i« n<ortKUK<M and you need
in...* in ..ncM i.ro 11, MtUIPHY. tao Market at.
A \\ 111, ■: now* r,., . .-.Mit* The Weekly Call,
id ii«k"». In «M.i'i<-t. for mailing, $1 per year.
MONICV WANTED.
WAN ill' Mooo; t. your*. nilt-eilgS security!
Interest raid quarterly, inquire 635 Sutter et.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearrry and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE upright piano, very little used, at a big
bargain. 74 Ninth st.
W. G. tADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A.- Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap ror cash.
• WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market it
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 76H Market st.
A DECKER & SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MATTVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
RCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A— s<!,•> UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister Ft.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. J2 up (allowed on pale). Heine. 136 Ellfs.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
POFt Ft.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages. Pent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for M per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.— 414
Kearny; $75. 116 Mission; $76. 337 Geary; $35.
SE. corner Howard and Tenth.
TO LET— Fine store and basement; cheap. 120
Battery *■!•
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
PesHrabl" officer. »12 50 to 520.
PALMISTRY.
MmTE~NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m. : reading by mail. $1.
PERSONALS.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
SCRAPPLE — Will sell receipt and instruct pur-
chaser in making the celebrated Philadelphia
Scrapple. Address Scrapple, 643 Geary st.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
beautiful; 50c. Mrs. Butler, r. 350. Phelan bldg.
LEDERER'S QL'INTINICA is Just the Hair
Tonic you are looking for; just what you
need; 35c bot. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, siik portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LEDERER'S artistic hair dressers will show
you the new imported styles, 25c; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo is the best yet; nothing so
good; 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
HOTEL Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, Cal.— First-
class fa lily and commercial hotel. This
botel is located on corner of Locust and Vine
ets., 1 block from Court House; rates $1 to $2
per day; special rate to families.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
ASSORTMENT o' imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. 838 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $0 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wi '"sale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
GOOD tai.or-made suits at reasonable prlcea
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny St.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no kni:
t!on; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine. ab.Krny.
A — Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Mar'-* Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pngi's in wrapper, for mailing. ! per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment daily, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St., room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A FEW CHARMERS.
In the Examiner building.
$175,000 — Market St.; 7 years' lease; rents $10,-
-000 per annum net; grand improvements.
$145.000— 6-story stone, brick and iron build-
ing: rents $10,000 per annum; guaranteed lease;
8 years' lease.
$110,000 — 6-story new pressed brick; S years'
guaranteed lease; rents $7000.
$52,000 — 4-story brick: vicinity of. Tlvoll; pays
5 per cent net; always rented.
$25,000— Grand Investment block from Stockton
and Market; lot 33x137; old Improvements; pay 3
5 per cent net.
$25,000— O'Farrell st. ; a big snap; lot 52x137:6;
with good improvements of stores, etc.; rents
almost $200 a month; not far from Mason st. ;
must sell.
$12.500— A grand bargain: only half block
from Taylor and Market sts.; rents $100 a
month; lot 50 feet front.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDIXG.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $SoO— Suns»t Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H Bt. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
6OL GETZ * BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
GUERRERO st., near Twenty-seventh Niw
elegant modern cottage; 5 rooms, hath, attic;
street bituminizeci; easy terms. H. FEIGE,
builder, 10:14 Capp st.
$82 WEBSTER, 821. •■■•rner McAllister— R
corner rooms and 2 baths; a bargain. BHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 220 Montgomery st
$785 i"i —CHOICEST corner of ail; marine and
park view, front and rear; cannot be obstruct-
ed; lt> large sunny rooms: moet expeni
decorated: inlaid ft 1 .. 0r, mahogany, cherry anil
oak mnnti'is; plate-glass windows; verj
6-llght gas fixtures; French rang>\ h
conservatory, etc. Apply corner Fultf!
Shrader Hts., from 12 to 4 p. m.; McAllister
or Hayes st. cant; t>-nns to suit.
NKW HOMES
Five, 6, 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, P'.erce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to $4500: terms to suit purchaser. F NEL-
fiON. Builder.
S ELEGANT flats; SE. cor. Scott and Sacra-
mento its; 5ix81:3; all rented. J. H. CA
11 Montgomery st.
IF ynu huve lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W .1 GUNN 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
110,000 VINKYARD; close to Napa City; SO
acres with winery an.l all improvements; this
would make one of the best resorts in Cali-
fornia. Mclaughlin & co.. 777' 2 Market.
OIL land— Kern County belt;H2o acres; 0 c
patent; a bargain for quick cash sale. Box
I 'all office.
FOR sale or exchange for Alameda Co. prop-
«tj 10-acre ranch; house, outbuildings and
bearing orchard. 123 Prospect place. S. F.
$300—165 acres, Sonoma County: small house;
plenty wood and water. Apply 125 Firth suROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- |
lencia .-•
EDDY, !*ls— 2 or 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms; all conveniences; private residence;
references.
EDDY, SlT— Nicely furnished connecting house- |
keeping rms.; splendid location; private res.
ELLIS, 806, near Van Ness aye. — Nice sunny
furnished basement; large yard, gas stove,
etc.; references.
GEARY, IM7— 4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
tMilet; gas; yard; basement: furnished hall.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— l large sunny un- j
furnished room; furnished suites.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. f>4 l- »— Sunny corner suite
with kitchrn: also two connecting rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. > i elegant front,
bay window and bath, $10; largo room, house-
keeping, $5.
HARRISON, 92;>— 1 or 2 large rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; very cheap.
HOWARD. 6«C-Nli"e housekeeping rooms, very
convenient; also single. $4 up.
HOWARD. 704. corner Third— Nice large sun-
ny rooms, Ist floor: also housekeeping rms.
IVAN HOE, 20CJ Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
Funny: fur. hkrK- suites (!to & r.). $15 up; ret.
LARKIN. S2S— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished cuniplete; gas range; bath.
MINNA. 2S— Housekeeping and single rooms;
Jl 75 per week.
MISSION. 1725',, near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms in private family;
bath; laundry; $«.
O'FARRELL, 12*. corner Powell— front
room, $J. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
PIERCE. 913, near McAllister— Two nicely fur-
nished parlors ana front suite for light house-
keeping; piano, bath, telephone; private.
POLK, '■::- -Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
SHIPLEY. 259-4 rooms, $Tj Natoma. 60, 2
rooms. $5, tor hkpg. ; no dogs, no children.
405 — Suite of housekeeping rooms, with
pa? and bath: $12 per ...
BUTTER, . ■:. nr. Larkln -Comfortably furn.
single suites; also h>k| £ : terms reasonable.
THE Piedmont— llPA Sixth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms, 81 up.
TWELFTH, 40— Nicely furnished front room,
with use of kitchen. $•'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Turn, and liifurn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
tingle, suife; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Ets. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. sue to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
AT Npw Grand. 246 3.l— 2'M) -• class sunny rms.,
l'c to $1 day; 90c to 84 wk; also housekeeping.
.V-BRUNSWICK HOUSeT 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to S3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARUOLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden G;it»
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & office*.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
EDDY, 21S — Furnished Tooms, single and en
suite; also f«.r housekeeping: bath; gas.
EDDY, 313— Nicely furnished rooms; suite or
single.
FOURTH. 2224 (Palm First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single, $1 25 up.
FULTON, 21S, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
Hat; 3 rooms; gas range, bath; also others.
GEARY. 14A— Nicely ' irnished suite of rooms;
also single rooms from $1 up.
GEARY, 405 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS.HYER.
GEARY. 556— Sunny front and back parlor;
piano: "phone; other rooms; light housekpg.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.- ?unny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
GREEN. 417— Nice large front furnished room;
rent $6.
GROVE. 2 s — Two nice front sunny ■ ms, en
suite or single; mocWn conveniences, gas and
bath; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715— sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, S£3— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites; running j
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1130'i— Furnished sunny bay-win-
dow suite; other rooms; light housekeeping.
HYDE 32')— Large furnlsh'd room to let; rea-
Bonable. _
MARKET. 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment: fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MARKET. l"37^s— Tlie Epworth; clean and re-
spectable; prices low.
MARKET, 172*. ear Polk— Sunny bay front
room; gentlemen; $12: gas. bath.
MINNA, 253— Double and single sunny rooms;
also housekeeping.
MINN'. Cl 7. cor. Eighth— N>wly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per w.?<=k; transient.
MISSION, 1363 — Nicely furnished single room; j
new fiat: gentleman preferred; $5.
MONTGOMERY aye., 1010— Newly furnished
gunny front rooms, with bath; $5 to $10 per
mrrnth.
NATOMA. 252, near Fourth— 2 front unfurnish- I
ed rooms: water and closet: rent $6.
NATOMA. 44f' = — Sunny front room; furnished; '
rent J4 per month.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— :
bay-win. rmK. and single. $5 up; also tiskpg.
O'FAR 20— Runny furnleh»d rooms and '
offices; elevator; electric lights; lay, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished punny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL Hous«\ 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and !
ladles' parlor: rooms, per n!t,-ht. 3".r to ?1 50;
week. $2 to $?: month. 88 to 880; elevator on \
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat : baths.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms; sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — 'urnlshed and unfurnished.
SIXTH 82. r.r. Market, Hlllsdale M — Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THIRD, 129— ' ■••>' furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
TURK. 836, cor. Oough— Sunny alcove room;
handsomely furnished; choice lccatlon; over-
looking Jefferson square.
UNION Square House, 242 Stockton— Modern i
rooms: by day, week or month: central
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
J2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing Ht lowest rat-« if, Fourth Rt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DISCOVERED— Magnetic wonder, assisted by
Professor Haley, medium; poor treated free;
come early anil avoid crowd. The Temple.
117 Turk st., Thursday, 7 p. m. Admission
free.
LADlES'— Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are\the best: safe, reliable; take no
other; senri 4e stamps for particulars. "Relief ;
for Ladles." in letter by return mall; at drug-
glFts. Chlrhester Chemical Co.. Palladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejec?:4 for $4: collections made:
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION ;
CO.. 41.' Montgomery ft., rooms §-10: tel. BWO. |
— . •^ ~"^~~?^ m ~
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
CALA Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.. |
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay ft.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT— Fine place for a chicken ranch; i
over 7 acres; fine house, barn, chicken houses,
pigeon yard, largo brooder house. Incubators,
garden, fine water, etc.; only 40 miles from ;
the city close to nice town; rent cheap to
good tenant. Apply to THOMAS BROWN,
Sonoma, Cal. j
WANTED — To lease modern residence; not less
than lv rooms; unfurnished; with, garden or
large yard preferred; best reference given.
Address A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
DIVIDE.M) NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (35 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
nfter .ii. lay, September U. 1899. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. September 5, |
ltas, at 3 o'clock p. m.
S. H. SHELDON, Secretary. |
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$900— LOT 40xl0S; northwest corner; 1 block
from WUlow-st station.
SI! "-Lot 50x150; San Antonio aye.. near
Chestnut st.
$1200— 3."> x 125; 6-room cottage; fine location;
snap."
fifS"" SSJ9 s -™om house; Grand-st. station.
J3oCo— soxisO; elegant new S-room house; Clln- i
ton aye - > near Chestnut-st. station.
J3o00— aOxlSO; elegant S-room new house- Ala-
me °* aye., bet. Lafayette and Union sts.
Ail the above are close to schools and cen-
trally located and can be purchased on easy
terms; same as paying rent; investigate.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK ST., A LAM EDA.
_ IS POST ST.. S. F.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. S and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete; from 83000 to $1000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month: great bar- '
gains: cheap lots for cash and houses to let ;
in nil parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 50x160; $200 cash and $20 per month: !
fine, nearly new cottage; in a good neighbor- ;
hood: nenr High School and station.
$2500— Lot .15x115, with elegant residence of S :
rooms; In fine condition; macadamized street; i
near station and school; great bargain; worth
I $3i00; any terms; same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6-room
cottace; near High School and station; $500;
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 20x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street
■work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1000— Lot 33:4x108; with a fine modern cottage !
of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all done; near station and school; $100 cash, .
balance $20 per month.
8050—8500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot j
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on i
Morton st.
83150—1600 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; let 40x160; elegant new 2-story, S rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park St.. Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply 151S Mozart
St.. Mastlck station, Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUN'KE. 1416 Bth. I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
THIRTY ACRES FOR SALE.
Right In the heart of beautiful Berkeley.
Just fit to cut up. near the university and
railroad: fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J. j
MASON. PostonVe block, Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS. 630 Market St.. San Francisco.
$1300 WILL buy this cosy four-room modern
cottage, bath, good well, lot 40x122:6; im-
provements alone worth the money; one 1
block to railroad station and electric cars; r
close to stores, postofflce. schools and church:
street newly macadamized: high ground and
nice view; pleasant surroundings. Easy .
torins will be made H. D. IRWIN, Lorin ;
Station. Open Sundays.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. E. BUNCE, 905 Broadway -$5500—
modern house, elegant corner: value of im-
provements. $WW>, and gift of lot. 84500; rental
840 per month; stable; genuine bargain: fine i
location, up to date, cannot be duplicated
In this city: must be sold within ten days;
$3600 ran remain.
$20 CASH. $5 monthly till paid for— nice
plain home for a bachelor, lot 43x250 feet,
price 1250 all • Id; a hard-to-beat bargain; 250
feet r.e-r fencing, large grove of trees, ell- ;
mate, soil and view the best, no fogs nor j
raw winds here; near a 90- foot boulevard and !
electric car lines: fine 8-Btory schoolhouse
close by; 62 families located within 2 years:
building up rapidly. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St., near Broadway. Oak-
land. Carriage free. H. Z. JOKES, owner. !
OAKLAND FURNITURE OR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Sohellhaas. the
furniture <Ipnler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. ;
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George E. Shelton and Anna G. Hanahan..2S-23
Charles S. Johnson and Hattle B. Delatour.24-26
Frank P. Leßoy and Carrie M Reuter.... 29-23
G. Adolf Nitschke and Alvine Pleper 81-88
Frank D. Madeira and Alma V. Hall 24-19 ,
Rorr.aln Navarret and Marie Arripe 22-21
~ BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by ,
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices an 1 be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- i
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRUEL— In this city. September 2. 1899, to the ,
wife of Frank Bruel, a daughter.
HOPKINS— In this city. September 6. 1*99, to
the wife of Frank B. Hopkins, a son.
MARRIED.
-RAHMER— this city. September 3,
ISM. by the Rev; J. D. Klooi, Gottfried Bohni
and Frieda Rahmer.
COFFIN— GRAHAM— In this city, September 4.
1899, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor '
First Christian Church. Max Coffin of San
Francisco and Fannie Graham of Le Roy,
Knns.
MADEIRA— HALL— In this city, September 8,
1599. by J E. Barry, Justice of the Peace,
Frank D. Madeira and Alma V. Hall, both i
of Healdeburr. CaJ
O'CONNER— COLLUDI— In this city. August
3-., 1899, by the Rev. Father Dempsey, Michael
O' Conner and Adelo Colludl, both of San '■
Francisco.
TREIBER SCHWERIN— In this city, July 27, i
lsl'9, by the Rev. J. D. Klooz, Herman A.
Treiber and Edith Schwerln.
DIED.
Baker, Peter Ockey, George W.
Barnum. Jennie Plei c, I). P.
Brusco. Josie Richardson, A. H.
.■•in. James H. Aotenkolber, Kathar-
CaseboJt, Jonathan lna M
Chapman. John J. Russell, lan L.
Comytiß, James E. S. Selz. Cecelia
Dougherty, Bryan Smith, Colin McR.
Ferrine, Nellie Smith. Sarah A.
Finsterbusch Theresa Stevens. Clara F.
Grace, Sadie C. . StrathT. Kate B.
Keeley, Julia A. Van Deelen. Johannip
Ix>ndon. Mrs. Mamie Wagner. Ellse
McNally, Robert Woodward, Arthur S. |
Martin, Henry
BAKER— Oakland, September 5, 1899, Peter, I
beloved husband of Ellen Baker, and father !
of David F., Lllllc, Ida and the late George i
Baker, a native of Canada, seed 61 years 7 !
months and 21 days. A member Of Live Oak
Lodge No. 61, F. and A. M., and Oakland '
l. Up No. lIS, I. O. O. F.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- (
fully Invited to attend the funeral services ,
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Washing-
ton streets, Oakland, under the auspices of i
Live Oak Lodj;e No. 61, F. and A. M. Inter- j
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
BARNUM— In this city. September 6, ISM. Jen- I
nic, beloved daughter of William H. and j
Jennie Barnum, and sister of Albert Bar- :
num. a native of California, aged 4 years and I
5 months.
BRUSCO this city, September 5, IS!>9, Josie,
youngest and beloved daughter of Giuseppe
and Assunta Brusco, and sister of Mamie.
Armando. Enrico and Emelia Brusco. a na- j
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 11 months |
and 5 days.
7 Friends and acquaintances are respec'- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral which will ]
take place Saturday. September 9, .it 2 o'clock,
from her parents' residence, 102$ Montgomery !
street. interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CAN A VAN In this city, September 5, 1599, !
James Henry, beloved son of Bessie and the i
late John Canavan, and brother of the late I
Mrs. Abbie Sullivan, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aped 39 years.
|CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 63S^ Jessie street, :
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services. \
Interment Mount. Calvary Cemetery..
CAFEBOLT— In this city. September 5, 1899. j
Jonathan B. Casebolt, beloved husband of
Mahala Caeebolt, and father of Simon M..
William S.. Lillian M , Harry C. and Ber-
trand Casebolt, a native of Wayne County,
Indiana, aged £6 years. • ■
.-'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of Lin- I
coin Post No. 1. G. A. R., B'nai B'rith Hall.
I°l Eddy street. Interment National Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
CHAPMAN— In this city, September 5. 1899, !
John J.. beloved son of the late John O. and i
Dora Chapman, and beloved brother of the
late William J. and George F. Chapman, a
native of Melbourne. Australia, aged 40 years.
KENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to -Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1899.
COMYNS— In ' this city. September •5, IB9>,
James E. S . beloved son of the late Law-
rence and Margaret Comyns, brother of Sis-
ter Mary Lawrence. Sister of Mercy, and
nephew of John and Maurice Comyns. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 Rears 4 months
and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to the Chapel- of the Pas-
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at S:3O
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, September 5. 1839,
Bryan, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Dougherty, and beloved father of Michael,
Edward. Nellie, Agnes and Edith Dougherty,
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 60
years.
CTriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
j (Thursday), at 9:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3007 i vtavia street, near Lombard,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, where a high
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FERRINE— In this city, September 6. 1599.
Nellie, beloved wife of Joseph Ferrine, and
mother of Joseph A. and Nellie J. Ferrine
and May E. Wood, a native of New York,
aged 50 years.
FINSTERBUSCH— In this city, September 5,
1899, after long and patient suuering, The-
resa W., idolized wife of Julius W. Finster-
busch, beloved mother of Tessle and the late
Edwin and Walter Finsterbusch, eldest and
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Ruf-
ner, and dearest sister of Joseph and Lillian
Rufner, a native of New York City, aged 31
years 3 months and 11 days. A darling daugh-
ter, a loving wife and a devoted mother.
(Brooklyn, N. V.. and St. Louis, Mo., papers
please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
GRACE— In this city. September 6, 1899, Sadie
C. beloved wife of Henry B. Grace, a native
of Stockton, aged 20 years S months and 19
days.
KEELEY— In this city. September 5, 1899, Julia
Ann. beloved wife of Patrick J. Kteley.
mother of John T. J. Keeley. sister of 'Mary
Gleason, and daughter of the late Thomas
Gleason, a native of Boston, Mass.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2307 Larkin street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church, corner of Van Ness avenue
; and Broadway, where a solemn requiem high
I mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LONDON— In this city. September 6. 1899, Mrs.
Mamie London, beloved daughter of James
and the late Alice Wilson, and sister of
James. Alice and Theresa Wilson, a nativj
of New York, aged 39 years.
Mi NALLY— In this city. September 1599. Rob-
ert beloved husband of Gretchen McNally,
father of Robert McNally. and brother of
John McNally of Menlo Park, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 47 years and 6
! months.
Friends and acquaintances of the de-
ceased are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence in Menlo Park.
MARTIN —In this city, September 6. 1599.
Henry Martin, a native of Montrea'. aged
51 years.
OCKEY— In Stockton. Cat., September 5. 1899,
George W. Ockey. beloved husband of Mrs.
I M. A. Ockey, and father of Harry L. Ockey
and Mrs. F. M. Martin, a native of Ohio,
aced 56 years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlcrs of
J. C. O'Connor A- Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
PIERCE this city, September 4, 1899, D. P.
Pierce, a native of Connecticut, aged 70
years.
C .'Frien-is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RICHARDSON— In Oakland. September 6, 1899,
Alexander Harthorne. beloved husband of
Mary Louisa Richardson, and uncle of Miss
Martha Ironsides, a native of Maine, aged 76
years 1 month and 5 days.
CTFritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, at the
Twenty-third-avenue Baptist Church. Inter-
ment "private, Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San
Francisco.
ROTENKOLBER— At her residence, 230 Clip-
per rtreet, September C. 1899, Katharina
Maria, beloved wife of George Rotenkolber,
and mother of Mrs. J. V. Fella. Mrs. .1. J.
Carroll and Frederick and Georgina Roten-
kolber, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged .'7 years 10 months and 22 days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from Duveneck's
Hall, corner Twenty-fourth and Church
streets. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In Vallejo, August 29. 1899, lan
I^ane Russell, beloved and only son of Alex-
ander and Catherine Russell, a native of
Vallejo. aced 1 year 2 months and 15 days.
BELZ— this city, September 6, 1599. Cecelia,
dearly beloved wife of George Selz, and
mother of Joseph Selz, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 57 years 2 months and 2 days.
A member of Martha Lodge No. 241. K. and
L. of H. (Louisville, Ky.. papers please copy.)
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect -
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. * Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, Colin Mcßea Smith, a
native of Mississippi, aged 51 years.
[CyFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, from Grace
Church, California and Stockton streets. Cre-
mation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, September 8, 1899, Sarah
A., beloved wife of the late Captain Eben
Smith, a native of New York, aged S3 years
and 1 month.
STEVENS In this city. September 6. 1599,
Clara F. Stevens, beloved wife of Joseph P.
Stevens, an 1 niece of ed,M ,rf hm hm hmhm
Stevens, only daughter of Mrs. L. Marchand,
and niece of Miss Agnes McLaughlin, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
[C7"Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 201 Grant
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Church, corner
California and Dupont streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment private.
STRATHER— In this city, September 4, 1599,
Kate 8., beloved wife of Abraham Strather,
and mother of Charlie, Stella and Robbie,.
Strather, a native of Missouri, aged 39 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Cue funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the Third
Baptist Church, Powell street, near Bush.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VAN DEELEN— In this city. September 6, 1839.
Johannis Wllhelm. dearly beloved son of
Anna and the late Jacob Van Deelen, and
brother of Diana, Annie, .Tak!*, Henry and
Mary Van Deelen, a native of San Francisco,
aged a months and 9 days.
WAGNER— September 6, 1539, at her resi-
dence, 1661 Thirteenth avenue, between Rail-
road avenue and N streets, South San Fran-
ciFcn, Elise. dearly beloved wife of John
Wagner, and mother of Mrs. A. M. Brutscher, |
Mrs. H. C. Birbe, Mrs. H. M. C. Mangels
and Adolph, George mid Louis Wagner, a na-
tive of (lessen, Germany, aged 70 years 9
months and 6 days.
Friend 8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Johannes j
German Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Twenty-second street, between Mission and
Howard. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In Alnmeda. September 4. 1599.
Arthur S.. beloved husband of O. E. Wood-
ward, and father of Arthur. Helen, Horace, I
Alice and Ruth Woodward, a native of East-
port, Me., aged 51 years and 7 months.
(Eastport, Me., papers please copy.)
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from his late residence, 1118 Paru j
street, under the auspices or Oak Grove
Lj due, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated In
St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
A Big Temperance Rally.
The programme of the prohibition and
tpmpfrpncc rally to he held In Howard
Btrp--t M. K. Church, between Second and
Third streets. San Francisco, on Admis
sion clay Is nearly complete. The execu- |
tlve chairman, Rev. J. Webb, fresh
from active work In the field, will be
present and participate In the proceedings.
Mr?. Doreaa J. Spencer, State secretary
of the Vf. C. T. U., will present her map
illustrating the progress of prohibition
■work in California. Rev. Joseph Rowell
will speak on "The Canteen." Mr.
Rowell'? remarks will be followed hy
other interesting addresses nnd a lively
general discussion. The hard working
chairman. Rev. J. "W. Webl., has some
thing 1o present upon the subject of the I
Indiana plan. The Anti-Saloon League
anil Us work will be represf-nted. Word
has just been received that Mrs. Henri
etta Skelton, one of the W. C. T. U.
organizers, will be In attendance. The
outlook at the present time gives promise
of a pleasant and profitable occasion.
| IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, §
* * The Largest Winery in ]
* America. ♦
♦#<t>*<B>* < **<**<S'* < $'*$*$ > *$*<£#$*'»*s#
GOLD STANDARD
DULY FAVORED
Resolutions Adopted by
the Bankers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept. 6.— "Walker
Hill, president of the American Exchange
Bank of St. Louis, will be chosen as the
next president of the American Bankers'
Association. The nominating committee
decided at its meeting previous to the
opening of the convention to-day to rec
j ommend his name to the convention when
| tho annual election takes place, and this
means election.
Alvah TrcwbrMge, president of the
North American Trust Company of New
V.irk, will be recommended by the c<>m
mlttee for first vite president He has
acted as chairman of the executive com
mittee during the past year.
When the second session was called to
order to-day by President Russell there
were fully 200 more delegates present than
| thore were at tho session yesterday.
At the close of the reading of the re
' ports E. O. Leach of New York, vice
president and cashier of the National
U) lon Hank, presented a set of resolutions
i which indorse the gold standard. Mr.
Leach said that the resolution would stay
the hands of the members of Congress.
Mr. Leach moved the adoption of the
resolutions.
The question was raised whether the
resoluiions could be- voted upon by th>?
assembly at once without referring them
to the executive council. After a hot
debate it was decided that the resolutions
must i>e referred to the council.
Chairman Trowbridgt* called the council
| to order right in the convention, and in a
: nximent of time it was recommended for
: presentation to the convention. The reso
lutions were then voted upon by the as
sembly and unanimously adopted. The
resolutions in full follow:
The bankers of the United States nios>t
earnestly recommend that the Congress of the
United States at Its next session enact a law
to more forcibly ;ind unequivocally establish
the sold standard in this country by providing
that the Rr.lil dollar, which under the exist
ing law is the unit of value, shall be the stand
ard and nifasucl of all values in the United
States; that all of the Government
and all paper money, Including circulating
notes of national banks, shall br> redeemed in
(Told coin, and that the lejjal tender notes of
the t'nited States, when paid Into the Treas
ury. Fhall not be reissued ex.-ept upon the de
posit of an equivalent amount of gold coin.
BURLINGAME HORSE
SHOW ENTRIES
Continued From Eighth Page.
road-rig; horse to count 60 per cent, waßon 20
per ivnt. harness and general appointments 20
]fr cent— <ireen Mountain Boy (2:25fe), b b.,
1 i:..i a. G. Glenn, 1321 Market street, San
Francisco; Ahum. b. g.. 16, J. Dyer, Burlin
' Kame; Susanne, George A. ECohn, San M
H.'sr harneia tandem; horses iiiiTP'l In this
i class must be California bred Bungalow Belle,
r. f. 15 Mi, and Brimstone, eh. i., 16.1, the
Baywood Mud: All Hal. .i, br. g., 15.2& sui.l
Pepita !> m.. 15.2%, th- Bayw i stud; M.
h m.. 15.8, and Majesty, br. k, l«, Joseph D.
Grant Burlingame; Citron, eh. g.. 15.1, ami
i.. -i. « eh m.. 15.1, J. Dyer, Burlli
Visalia! and Mireland, H. J. Crocker, Bur
linuame.
Best lady's saddle hnrse. 16 hands or over—
: Cardinal Ruff, g . 15,8, Peter D. Martin. San
Mateo Lady Love, F J Carolan, Burlingame ;
Jim Crow, X e-. 15.3, H. T. Bcott, Burlingame;
| I_'nck- NcJ, I-, n,-.. 15.2, H. T. Scott, Bur
lingame; Aigrette, b. f.. 15.8V4, Templeton
Cn ker. Pan Mateo.
Ponies In harn.-ss: best pony 18 hands three
i inohe* and under it hands 3 Inches— Fiddle;
sticks, F. -I. Carolan, Burlingame: Blaze Away.
K. .1. Carolan, Buriingame; Carmelito, Princess
kl, Hurllngame.
California-bred harness horses; best hisli
st"iipln« horse over 14 hands 3 Inches; mouth.
style, conformation and hock action also con
red; to be shown In har:i>-s> before appi <-
prime vehicle; special prize, silver cup. pre
i senled by Peter D. Martin— Bravo, eh. g.,
16.2%, the Baywood stud. San Mateo; Peplta,
b m.. tS.SK, the Bajrwood stuS, Ban Mateo;
Ivltsravia b. f., 15.0%, the Baywood stud. San
Mateo; Music, b. m., 15.3, Joseph I). Grant,
Burlinsaxnc; Prince, b. g.. 1n. 3%, Mrs. F. P.
! Frank Burlingame; Guardsman, b. g., 16.2 ft,
E. D. Beylard, San Mateo; Moreland. H. J.
■• t. Burlingame; Cloverdale, H. J. Crock
; er, BurllnKame.
I 1 nies under saddle; best pony under 13
! hands 3 inches— Chippy, eh. m., 13.1, Fred
Hoitt 1T49 Pacific avenue. San Francisco;
Bla.-k Beauty, bl. g-, 12.1, Baby Glllesple, Bur
ltngame.
( Hlifornia bred harness horses; best pair of
horses IS hands 3 Inches or over— Sovereign and
Prime Minister, br. S-. I^-3. five years, sire
P.ir.m.in. dam thoroughbred, the Baywood stud,
Ban Mateo; Punjaub, br. g., 15.3^, and Polo
-1 nius, g. g., 1*5.1, Baywood stud. San Mateo;
! Artillery, g. m., 16.2. and Guardsman, b. g.,
lfl 2\i E. D. Beylard. San Mateo; Visalia and
Moreland, 11. J. Crocker, BurllnKame.
California bred harm-.^.<= horses; best horse,
14 hands 3 Inches, and under 15 hands 3 Inches—
; Bungalow Belle, r. f., l.Vs, three years, sire
' Green's Kufus, dam Lady Levlna, the Baywood
stud, San Mateo; Brimstone, eh. f.. 15.1. three
years, rire Green's Rufus, dam half thorough
bred, the Baywood stud. San Mateo; Belgravla,
jb. f., 13. Vi, three years, sire Green's Rufus. dam
trotting bred, the Baywood stud, San Mateo;
Citron, eh. g., 15.1, J. Over. Hurlingame;
Lemon, eh. m., 15.1, J. l>yer, Burllngame; Las-
Bie. br. m., 15.1. H. T. Scott, Burltngame; At
tempt, b. m., 13. 2, Miss Mary Crocker, San
Mateo.
I'onles in harness: best pair ponies, 13 hands
3 Inches, and under 14 hands 3 Inches—Fidile
ftli-ks and Blaze Away. F. J. Carolan, Bur
lintr.imc; Racket and Rocket, Princes Ponia
towskl, Burlingame.
Saddle horse*; best hnrse to carry 200 pounds,
exceeding U handi 2 inches-Prime Minister,
t,r. ft., 15.8, the Baywood stud: Henry Boy, F.
J. Carolan, Burlingame: Tommy Tomkins, h.
g 15.2Vi. E. 1">. Beylard. San Mateo; T'ncle
Ned. b. X.. 15.2. H. T. Scott, Burlingame; J| m
Crow, h. g.. 15.1, H. T. Bcott, Burlingame.
Ponj lu:.'.p'nK class; for ponies 14 hands 3
lneheß oplindfr: performance over hurdles only
to count: gentlfmen risers — Prunella, br. f.,
14.1' 4 . the Baywood stud: Hobo, F. J. Caro
lan P.urllneame; Gadfly, F J. Carolan, Bur
: HnKame; Spice, eh. g., 13.2, J. Dyer, Bur
i llnsame: Turk. str. r, 14 2'-i. I". D. Beylard.
San Mateo; Blucher. b. g., 14 2 '«* . Alexander
B Williamson. Burllngame Club; Jubilee B,
14.2, Joseph B. Tobln. Burlinßame: Mack, eh.
g.. II 1. Andrew. Burling
Saturday Harness horses; ..pen t'> all; b.'s-t
pair of horses 18 hands 3 Inches or over- Sover
eign, b. f .. 15.W4. nn'l Prime Minister. I>. g.,
I*. If. tbe Baywood stud, San Mateo: PunJ.-uib.
br it-. 16.8%, and Polonlus. g. g., 16.1, the Bay
wood stud, San Mateo; Native Son, b. g.. 16.
and Majesty, b. g.. 16, George A. Pope, Bur
llngame; Artillery, g. m., 16.2, and Guards
man, b c. W.2'j. E. D. Reylard. San Mateo.
Harness horses: open to all ; host horse 14
hands 3 inches, and under IS hands 3 Inches,
suitable for gig-Ali Baba. br. g., 15.2' a, the
Baywood stud, San Mateo: P.^.ita, b. m.. 15.2»i,
th<* Baywood stud, San Mateo; Brimstone eh.
f., 15.1 the Raywood stud. Snn Mateo; P.cl
gravln. b. f., I'.O'i, the Baywood stud. San Ma
tpo; lireen Mountain Boy h. s., 15.1, A. <1.
Glenn. 1821 Market ,«tre^t. San Francisco; x. w
port. g. g-. IJ-^. George a. Newtinll. Bur
: llncnme: Arlington, eh. %.. 15.-'^, Mrs. F. P.
1 Frank. Burlingame: Athlete. F. J. Cap lan,
j Burlingame; Pastime, F. J. Carolan, Bur
lingame; Pleasure. F. J. Carolnn. Burlingame:
citron, oh. j?., 15.1. J. Dyer, Burlingame;
I.nmon, eh. m., 1.'.1, J. Dyer, Burlingame; At
tempt, b. m., 15.2. Miss Mary Crocker, San
Mateo; Shadow, blk. g.. 15.2. Joseph B. Tobin,
Burlingame; King, Princess Ponlatowski, Bur
lingame.
Sporting tnnd^m; horses only to count and
performance over hurdles; special prize, silver
cup. presented by Charles R Alexander -
Horses not named, F. J. Carolan, Buriingame;
Belle B and Dick B. Richard Tobln, Bur
llngnme.
Harness horses: open to all; best horse 15
hands 3 Inches or over, suitable for brougham—
Prince Eugene, eh. g.. 16.3, the Baywood stud.
San Mateo; Polonlus, g. g , Ifi.i, the Baywood
stud. San Mateo; Brighton, h. g,, 15.3 Georgt?
A. .Vewhall. Burlinpame; Majepty. hr. g. 16
Joseph TV Grant. Rurliiiganie; l'rince. ~h' g '
16.3%, Mrs P. P. Frank, I',i:rlin^ame : Actor eh
g. 16, Ceorge A. Pope, Burlinmime: ctileftain'
F. J. Carolan. Burlingame: Guardsman b g '
16.2i,i, E. D. Beylard, San Mateo; Daisy Belle'
b. m.. 16. D. T. Murphy, Burlingame.
Harness horses; open to all; best pair of
horses 14 hands 3 Inches and under 15 hands 3
inches, suitable for spider, T cart. Stanhope
phaeton or victoria— Brimstone, eh. f., 15.1 n nd
Bungalow Belle, r. f., lS.'i. the Baywood stud,
San Mateo; Newport, g. g.. 1. 1, and Bur
linKame. bl. c.. HS.S, George A. Newhnll, Bur
lingame; Romulus, h. g.. 15.1. and Remus b
jr.. 13.2, Mrs. F. P. Frank. Burlingame; Pas
time md Pleasure, F. J. Carolnn, Hurllngame-
Citron, eh. g.. IS. 1, and Lemon, eh. m. 15 1
J. Dyer. Burlingame: Attempt, b. m.. 15 2, i»nd |
Paquita'. b. m.. 15.2. Miss Mary Crocker, Bar
Mateo; High Flyer, eh. g., 15 2, and His High
ness, eh. g., 13.2, George A. .Kohn. San Mateo;
Sunshine, b. m.. 15.2. and Shadow, bl. g 13 •>
Joseph S. Tobin, BurllnKame.
Appointment class; best horse 14 hands S
inches and not over 15 hands 3 inches, suitable
for lady; must be shown before appropriate
trap: horse to count 60 per cent, trap ajid ap
pointments 40 per cent: ladieg to drive; Bur
lingame. bl. g., 15.3, George A. Newhall. Bur
lingame: Arlington, eh. g., 15.2^, Mrs. F P
Frank Burlingame; Pastime, T. J. Carolan
Buriingame; Pleasure, T. J. Carolan, Bur
lingame; Shadow, hi. g., 15.2, Joseph S. Tobln.
Burlingame: Melva, b. m., 13.2, M. S. Wilson,
Burlingame; King. Prtnceps Ponlatowski. Bur
lingnme.
Saddle horses; best horse up to carry 150
pounds. 14 hands 3 inches and not exceedins
11 hands 2 inches— Bogle Man, eh. g., K>.o*,
the Baywood stud. San Mateo; Fmde, h. f..
14.3-j. the Baywood stud. San Mateo; (; reen
Mountain Boy, b. s.. 15.1, A. O. Glenn, lili.
Market street, San Francisco; Cardinal Rurt,
*.-.. 15.8, Peter D. Martin. San Mateo; Lady
Love, F. J. Carolan Burlingame; Peyton, en.
p., 14.3, Tim Hopkins. Menlo Park.
Appointment class; best horse nnd runabout:
horse to count fit) per cent, runabout anl ap
pointments 40 per cent; special prize cup gtv
en by E. D. Beylard— Remus, b. g., ln*», «*"■
F. P. Frank. Burlincame; Actor, eh. f^. 18,
George A. Pope. Burlingame: Athlete, t J.
Carolan. Burllngame; Moreland. H. J. CrocKer.
Burlingame; Aigrette, b. f., 15.2%. Templeton
Crocker, San Mate.': Shadow, bl. g.. Jo
seph S. Tobin, Burllngame; King, I rincess
Poniatowski, Burllngame. .
Four-in-hands: best road team: horses onl>
to count; :-uitabl<> for country work before a
brake or coach-Music, b. en., ' :> ■"■ " In ? tr |i'
Mardre and Majesty, br. g.. », -i^ 6 ; 1 ." .' '•
Grant. Burllngame; Majesty, b. g.. 16, Native
Son. b. g., 18, Duke of Burlingame. br. g. W,
and Beau. b. g., 16, George A. Pope, J3UT
llngame; Belle, b. m.. 15.3, Ruth. b. Bk. J|.Z»,
Jack, br. g.. 15.2, and Gill. br. g., 1»--. >>•
Dyer. Burlingame. ,
Jumping class; for amateurs only; conforma
tion of horse to count 50 per cent. perLormance
over hurdles 50 &er cent— Merry Boy, f. J.
Carolan. Burlingame; Blucher, b. g.. H3U,
Alexander B. Williamson. Buriingame < lud.
Professional driving competitions; best per
formance of a professional in driving a pair
through obstacles; other test* at the option of
the judges; mounting and dismounting the dox.
good form generally, will be counted as well
as horsemanship. .
Pony tandems; pony harness tandem, wheel
er over 13 hands 3 inches, and urider 14 hands
3 inches— Blaze Away and Fiddlesticks, F. J.
Carolan. Burlingame: Rosina. §r. and DUKe,
gr., Richard Tobin, Burllngame.
Harness horses; open to all; best high-stepper
In the show, over 14 hands 3 inches; champion
class— Bran, eh. g., 15.2*4. the Baywood stud.
San Mateo; Pepita, b. m.. 15.2%, the Baywood
stud, San Mateo; Belgravia. b. t., 15.%; the
Hay wood stud, San Mateo; Music, b. m., 1p.3,
Joseph D. Grant, Burllngame; Sweetheart, D.
m.. 16. George A. Pope, Burlingame; Guards
man, b. g., 16.2i a . E. I). Bey lard, San Mateo.
Best high jumper— Deadwood. g. g-. 15-3, San
Francisco Riding Club; Merry Boy. F. J. Caro
lan, Burllngame; Spice, eh. g., 13.2.
Appointed class; best pair of horses, 14 hands
3 inches, and not over 15 hands 3 inches, suit
able for a lady; same conditions as class 13;
ladies to drive— Romulus, b. g.. 15.1, and Re
mus, b. g., 13.2, Mrs. F. P. Frank, Burlingame;
Pastime and Pleasure. F. J. Carolan, Burling
game; Attempt, b. m., 15.2, and Paquita, b.
m., 15.2, Miss Mary Crocker, San Mate ■: High
Flyer, eh. g., 152,' and His Highness, eh. g..
15.2, George A. Kohn. San Mateo: Sunshine, b.
m., 15.2, and Shadow, bl. g.. 15.2, Joseph B.
Tobin, Burlingame: Melva, b. m., 15.2, and
Elsa, b. m.. 15.1. M. S. Wilson, Burlingame.
Best pony team: pony team over 13 hands 3
inches and under 14 hands 3 inches — not
named, F. J. Carolan, Burlingame; lorses not
named, Richard Tobin, Burlingame.
Tandems; best harness tandem, wheeler 14
hands -3 inches or over: horses only to count —
Bungalow Belle, r. f., VS.%, and Brimstone, eh.
f.. 15.1. the Baywood stud. San Mateo; All
Babu, br. g.. 16.2%, and Pepita, b. m., 15.2%,
the Baywood stud San Mateo; Frisco anil
Athlete, F. J. Carolan. Burlingame; Citron, eh.
g., 15.1, and I>emon, eh. m., 15.1, J. Dyer, Bur
lingame; Lancer, b. g., 15.1. and Tommy Tom
kins, b. g., 15.24, E. D. Beylard. San Mateo.
Tandem driving contest; best performance of
an amateur in driving a tandem through ob
stacles; other tests at the option of the judges.
Polo ponies; to be shown through bending
poles; handiness to count 50 per cent, confor
mation and soundness 50 per cent— Santa Mon
ica, b. m., 14.2, Peter D. Martin, San Mat) .
General Bumps, m. g.. 14.2. Peter D. Martin,
San Mateo; Hobo, F. J. Carolan. Burlingame;
Hoodoo. F. J. Carolan, Burlingame: Flashlight,
F. J. Carolan. Burllngame; Rag Time. F. J.
Carolan, Burlingame: Rosina, gr., Richard
Tcbin, Burlingame; Peanuts, b., 14.1, Joseph S.
Tobin. Burlingame.
Jumping class; open to nil: performances
over hurdles only to count — Prunella, b. f..
14. 1y, the Baywood stud San Mateo; Dead
wood, g. k.. 15.3, San Francisco Riding Club;
Six Bits. b. g.. 14.2, Peter D. Martin, San Ma
tfo: Merry Boy. F. J. Cardlan, Burlingame;
Spice, eh. g., 13.2. J. Dyer Burlingame; Bla
cker, b. g., 14.2.,. Alexander B. Williamson,
Burlingame Club; Mack. eh. g., 14.1, Mr. An
drew, Burlingame; Our Dick, b. g., 16.1, J.
Dyer. Burllneame.
Park teams; horses only to count; special
prize silver vup presented by Carles B. Alex
ander—Burlingame, bl. g., 15.3, Newport, g.
k.. 15.3. Brighton, b. p.. 15.3, and Belvidere,
b. g.. 15.3, George A. Xewhall. Burlingame;
horses not named, George A. Pope, Bur
lingame; Majesty, b. g.. 16, Native Son. b. g. ,
16, Duke of Burlingame, br. g.. 16, and Bean,
b. g.. 16. George A. Pore. Burllnearne.
Driving competition: best performance of an
amateur in driving a four-in-hand through
obstacles; other tests at the option of the
judges.
Consolation pony jump class; for ponies 13
hands 3 inches or under; first and second prize
winners in class si barred: gentlemfyi riders;
programme over hurdles only to count.
Consolation jumping class; open to all: first
and second prize-winners In classes 32 and 33
barred; performance over hurdles only to
count. >
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G W Hazen, Portland T G Stoddard. Boston
C W-Easten. Modesto [O O Webber. S Rosa
J .1 Ickes. Ohio Mrs T Hayes & 2 d,
L N Trj-on. Colo Denver
W B Kin? & w. Oaklnd[Mlss J Thompson, Colo
J H Swain & w, Oakld .1 G Morrison & w, Neb
F C Nichols, N V <3 W Harvey, Shingle
W D Kennedy *: W. lII|W H Harvey, Shingle
SAD Puter, Portland F W Nichols & w, Cal
W !' Thomas, Uklah S N Laughlln, Moss Lg
t F S Cleaver, Napa C C Meekman & w. Or
Q Megliavacca & W, Miss Beekman, Or
Napa S J Hunter. FtWorth
C Nuran, Oakland . Mrs .1 A Kimball, Utah
S Ecker Jr. Oakland Miss n Kimball, Utah |
A Prichard. L Ang Mrs It C Woodruff & 2
<; B Roop, S Clara | c. Salt Lake
.1 J Bumberger, Utah D S Bryant, Chicago
J O Harvey. Cal W J Dover & w. L Ang
Pr L A Noyes. Alaska M Michael, Woodland i
B F Brooks, Riverside C A Campbell. R Bluff
Mrs M Rolez, Ij Ang C F Irwln, Placerville
A Thornton, Newhope F F Glblln. Yuba City
A T J Reynolds & w, T H Cogswell, D C
Walnut Grove J G Johnson, Washntn
J v Malone & w. Term H M Schenider. Washn '
Miss V Malone. Term C Steven, Pa
H I Rudolph & w, Cal . N Govell, Prtaluma
i W J Trask, L Angeles Mrs E R Charles, Cal
D Duycknick & w, Miss M Hoffman, Cal
Riverside I A J Davis, Colusa
L L Green, Oroville S M Burchard. S Jose
G G Langtry. 8 Clara J T Coffman, Healdsbg
H B Mulr, Needle Rock A B Dorks. Washlngtn .
p G Hunt, Minn C A Hawkins, N v
A 1? Hart, New York R F Johnson, Monterey
G D Marlon, Blue Lake A A Smallfleld, Stktn
PALACE HOTEL.
'F H B Johnson, Eng Miss R Hobby. Cal
F Thompson, Chicago C Wier, Cal
Mrs Thompson, Chicago D Morrison. Cal
Charles MagiM,. Cal C A Canfleld. Oil City
Mrs C Maglel. Cal J A Montgomery, Cal
Mrs B W Runyon. Cal IE M O'Brien. Chicago
Miss Alvord. Red- Bluff Mrs J Guggenheim. NY
if W rriam, USA Miss Guggenhiem, NY !
E A Stone, Oakland R H Henon, Los Ang i
G W Oliver, Berkeley 'D W Stewart, I>os Ang
RA Vase, lowa W R White, London
C M Holby. San Diego 3 D Schuyter, Los Ang
O W Martin, Denver F H Dakln. Cal
Mrs Martin. Denver J A Stanley, Napa
Mrs E T Earle, L Ang P V Manun. U S N
Mrs X II Wade. HT.cik'- M Taylor, Cal
J R Lowe. San Jose Mrs Taylor, Cal
N Rosenstraus. Chlgo G Modlgllvini, Rome
F'E Robinson. Mo V Cablarichl. Rome
Miss X Sanhorn, N V L Caetane. Rome
Miss A s Cheney.Mass L W Bllnn, Los Ang
It c Stevens, Seattle : Mrs Bllnn. Los Angeles
j W Blabon, Seattle ,Wm A Dickey. Balto
A H Mlor, N T Mrs Dickey, Baltomore
Wm Korb Petersburg 1 MasterW A Dickey, Md
J P Smith. Cal Miss Llllueo H Dickey
Mrs J P Smith, Cal Master H A Dickey. Ml
B W Lee, Cal P L Schurman. Chicago
X F Lee, Cal A C Blngham, Cal
Mrs C M Hobby. Cal Mrs li L Hunt, Cal
Builders' Contracts.
Julia Sullivan (owner) with Russell & Stahl
(contractors), architects none— All work for two
2-story frame buildings (flats) on lot on N line of
Seventeenth street, 110:3 E of Guerrero, E 6u
by N 31.-. M. B. 33; $9450.
John F. Boyd (owner) with Insrerson & Gore
(contractor?), architects McDoueall Bros.—
Carpenter, mill and iron work, patent flues,
plastering, stairs, galvanized Iron skylights,
glazing and painting, to remove roof from ex
iting 3-story brick 'building, with concrete
basement, and erect on said building a new
fourth story and new roof on lot on HE line of
Steuart street, 188:4 Nff of Mission, N"W 45:10
by NX 137:6; $6772.
Same owner with J. "W. Miller (contractor),
architects same— Brick work with granite gird
ers, blocks, etc., for same on Fame; $2795.
Won't Be a Dandy Any More.
OAKLAND, S<pt. s.— Martin Wyatt is
the most philosophical patient ever treat
ed at the Receiving Hospital. He started
out yesterday to sec a friend off. but as
the "train did not stop at Fruit vale he
jumped off. He has had his right leg
and left foot amputated, and to-day he
sent his fellow-patients into convulsions
by singing "Wasn't I a dandy when 1
started out, but I won't be a dandy any
more."
■ ♦ ■
Ladies in a Runaway.
OAKLAND. S^pt. 6.- Mrs. Archibald
Borland and daughter were driving this
morning, when their horses ho.ted. For
several blocks there was a wild ride, the
animal frequently kicking ovor the dash
board and placing his hoofs within a few
inches of tn« ladlea' heads. Deputy (Un
stable Jack Robinson very cleverly dashed
up alongside the horse to grab the bridle
and finally stopped the animal. The buggy
was badly damaged and the ladies had a
very narrow escape.
,■ ♦ ■
Created a Scene With Toy Pistol.
OAKLAND. Sept. 6.— Alice hdith Dlck
enson, who created a scene on Broadway
last night hy lying in the gutter, while in
her ripht hand she clutched tightly a toy
pistol, creating the impression that she
had shot herself, forfeited $10 bail in the
Police Court to-day on a charge of
drunkenness.
BOY KILLED BY
HIS BROTHER
Fired a Rifle Supposed
to Be Empty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO. Sept. fi.— Matias Costello. aged
12 years, this afternoon killed his brother,
Valentine, aged 10, by the accidental dis
charge of a rifle. The bullet entered the
back of the head a little left of the merid
ian Jine ranging upward and outward,
tearing off the left part of the skull and
exposing the brain.
Jesus Costello. the father of the boy,
is at work at t'sal on a park train. Dur-
I ing his father's absence Matias was the
I mainstay of the family. To-day while be
; helped his mother klfl a hog she asked
i him to step into the house to ascertain '
i the time of day. When starting on his
i errand he thoughtfully picked up the ritle
'to place !t In its accustomed place. Be
fore putting it In the gun rack lie satisfied
j himself that it was not loaded, but in BO
doing threw a cartridge into the breech,
his brother Valentine had followed and
; passed him and w;is just in front when
' Matias pulled the trigger. Death was in
stantaneous.
Matias is an industrious and sensible
boy and his gripf at the awful aceldi at
! nearly drives him mad. The mother is
I heartbroken. The absence of the father
: adding- to the sloom. Kind friends
! hand, however, to do all in their power
jto help them. No action toward arrest
i of the boy has vet been taken by the au
thorities. _____________
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California Fruit at auction as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, single crates. Soc@sl ."*;, average
$1 32; Muscat, 30c. Peaches— Salway. boxes,
Sfir. PearE— Bartlett, boxes, $1 3002 23, aver
age $1 91: Claigeau, $1 26@1 55, average $1 46.
Favorable weather. Nine cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, Sent. 6.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices at auc
tion to-day: Grapes— single crates,
95c<2$l 05, average $1 ; Tokay, $1 20«zl 25, av
erage $1 22.
MONTREAL. Sept. The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day as fol
lows: Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $I@l 85, average
$145.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 10.
BAILED.
"VJ'ednesday, September 6.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. Greenwood.
Br ship Glenard, Turner, Antwerp.
.Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Ptmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Seattle.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
I Bark Kate Davenport, Merriman, Port Blake
: ley.
Bark Colusa, Ewart. Kahulul.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren, Tacoma.
Haw hark R V Rithet, Bender, Honolulu.
S?hr Mary C, Madsen, Fort Rosa.
Schr Lily, Bottler, Umpqua River.
Schr I; W Bartlett, Nielsen. Grays Harbor.
Bchr Albion, Goodmansen, Coqullle River.
Schr Newark, Beck. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOB< Sept •>, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sect Schr '
Bender Brothers, hence Sept 3.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept Schr Annie M Camp
bell, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWN? END— Sept 6— Br Etmr !
Glonojrle, from Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Sept 6— Stmr City of To
r»--ka, from ! ':■■• a
Sailed Sept Stmr Progreso, for San Fran- j
darn.
! GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept s— Schr John
i F Miller, from Hueneme.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived Aug 16— Schr Mawee
! ma, from Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept Stmr Sequoia,
■ for San Francisco.
! Arrived Sent 6— Stmr Noyo, hence Sept 5.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept Bark Tidal
Wave, from Tacoma; schr Fannie Adele, from
Grays Harbor.
Sailed Ser>t 6— Schr Annie Larsen, for Ta
coma: schr C H Merchant, for Tacoma; schr
Louise, for Umpqua.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Cleared Sept s— Ship Henry B
Hyde, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAlFA— Passed Auk 30— Ital ship Macdiar
mid, hence April 2, for Genoa.
ACAPULCO- Sailed Aug 20— Br ship Cam
brian Princess. lor Fraser River.
MANILA— Sailed Sept I— Ship Challenger, for
New York, via Hongkong.
PANAMA— SaiIed Aug 20— ship Kate
Thomas, for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept s— Br ship Rou
tenburn, for Hull.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 6— Br Ptmr Gaelic,
hence Aug S. Sept s— Stmr City of Peking, hnc
Au; 5.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Sept 4— Haw stmr San ;
Mateo, for Port Los Angeles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sept 6— Stmr Cephalo
nia, from Boston.
LONDON— Arrived Sept Stmr Marquette,
from New York.
BREMEN— Seat G— Stmr Prlnz Re
gent Luitpold. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sept 6— Stmr St
■ Louis, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Sept 6— Stmr Trave.
from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sepf*6— Stmr New j
England, from Boston, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sent 6— Stmr .Servla,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton; stmr P. uithw.irk, for Antwerp; stmr Teu-
I tonic, for Liverpool.
'< CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept Stmr Graf
I Walderseej from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 6-Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 1 W. Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satualit* Ferry.
CommencinK September 1. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:OU, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, en Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. •9:00. »10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, '1:45. *2:3'\ *4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf 1 Sundays.
5:30 D. m. does n'>t run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS 5:25. "5:40. 7:55. 8:40, »10:20
a. m. : 12:30. 2:15. *3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. '.S:00, *9:45, *10:45, »11:4»
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20. '3:30, *5:15. '6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked {•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:43. fiu.O. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. m. : 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 r- m.
KXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATB — S:M>. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1-20 240 2Z'\ 6:30, fi:3i\ 10:20 ■». m.
THRorr.H TRAIN?.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
MHtva bun IVranclsco, via tjausalltu Ferry,
CommencinK SUNDAY. April 23, 18S9
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. fa.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. ni.. Returning Sam* Even-
Ing, arriving in Sao Francisco at 11. :<i
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, i. 10 and 11 a, m. and 1:45. 2:31
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, fl 44.
THOS COOK * SON. Acts., 621 Market at.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_BBn_f 9 lln ■■
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
: Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate, the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. i
Small Pill, Small Dose*
.: . Small Price.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OVTUEIttt PACIFIC COMPAHfi
- (PACIFIC BVSTEM.)
Trains lenvr nml ni-f* due to nrrlTe at'
NAM ritAKC'INCU.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEAVE — FROU ACOUST 2, 1809. — ARRIVE
7:00 a Benici*. Suisun and Sacramento. . . . sj4!Jf
7:00 a Msrysville, OrovUlearid IJedding Tl»
Woodland 5i43f
7:00 a K!mira, Vacaville aud Humaey Bisop
7:3<>a Martinez, San Itaniim.Vallejo, Nap*,
Calistoga and Santa Itoau 6:15p
8:00 a AtlauticKxpross, Ofden and East.. 9i4!»4
CItUOA Ban Jose, jLivermore, Stockton,
love, Bftcrameuto. Plaooniilo,
llaryarllle, Chico. ItedUluff 4il3p
fttSOA •Milton, Oakdale and Honor* 4il3p
8:30 a Yoaemita Valley via Oakdalo and
Chlceso 4:15r
8:OOa Hay wards, Niloi and Way Stations. 1 1 »43*
«:OI»a Martinez, Tracy. ]_tbrnp, Stockton,
Hated aud Fresno 12:13f
OiOOa Fresno, iJakcrsUeld Baiita llnrliara.
Lea Adki.li.t3. lKiiiii:fr, El I'aso,
New Orleans and East Bt43p
10:OOa Vail' -Jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i45p
i ■ I :OOa Haywarda, Nilea and Way Stations. 2: lop
12:00 m Kile?, Livertnore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. MendotA, Hanfnrd, VisalU,
rorU-rrllle 4:ISp
•l:OOp Sacramento Itiver Stenmers »8:00p
8:OOp Haywards. Niit* and Way Stations. Oi43p
4:U»P Miirtlnez, .Sun KauiOii, Vallejo,
Napa, OalI**?)B», Sauta P.osa 0:13*
4>OOp Bcnicia, VacaTtlln, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knißbta Laii'lluK.
Marysvlilo, Orovill« IO:4»*
4i3op Kilca, Sen Joaeand Stockton 7tl3p
4:'< SOp YooenUto Sleepicg Car for Raymond 12:13p
■OsOOPl'ho OwL Tracy, Fre&no. Bakers-
field, Saacus for Santa, Barbara*
Los Angeles. »:43.\
3:80p Ptncktou. Merced, Fresno 12:15p
fi:Ui)p Martinez, Tracy, Mi ndota. Fresno,
j MojaTe Mid l.os Angeles Bi4!»a
1 oi3op Santa Ie llonte, Atlaulie Lipress
! for MojnTe and Kaat Bi4Bp
•IOOp Ch!cngo-San Francisco Special.Ogdeu
aud Kast Bi3Op
8:00 p Hayvrarila, Niles and Han J05e, ..... 7>4 •*> a
•«:OOp Vallojo 12:13p
}7tOOp Vallejo, Port Coat* and Way Sta-
i tions ;9:33P
8:03p Orecou ]'xprcss,HacralTiento, Marys*
1 tillo. ICetidlng, rottlaiid. X'liget
I b'oniidand I'.ast »iia.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
L f7i<3A Santa Cruz Excursion for Sauta
Cruz and Principal Wr.f Stations JB:o3p
8:13 a Newark.CenU'rville,SanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OiSOp
; *Stl3p Newark, Centerville, Ban Joso, New
Almaden. Felton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'nncipal Way
; Stations •I«t3«*
; 4:13p San Jose. Glenwood aud Way Sta-
i tion! 0:20 a.
Mt 13p Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Sl5 fEAtiCISCO — fool of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:CO *2:33 t3:00
•4:00 tS:C3 •6:03p.u.
frsmOASURD— Fcot orßronclwiiT.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
i tI2:C3 »l:00 t2:C3 *3:CO t*-C3 »3:oSp.m.
COAST VISION (Broad Gauge), r
(Third and Townscnd Sta.)
•6:10 a Ocean View, South Hau Franci'co.. *0:30p
*7:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) «8:00 a
27:30 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
I'l-.citic Grovu und Principal Way
Stations JBi33p
•■OOASau Jose, Tros Pinna, Kanta Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Itobles. San -
I.nis Oliispo, Surf, Lomuoc and
Principal Way Ration* 4:10p
, I«:1Oa Sau JO3B mid Way .Stations C:J»A
lIiUOa San Jose and Way Stations li3op
*2:43p San Mated, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Hollister. Santa Cruz. Salinai.
Monterey and Pncilie GroTe »IO:3bA
•X:3Op San.Tose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Stations "7:30p
•4:15p San Joso and Principal Way Stations Bi4Ba
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stationj *H:33a
3:301' San Jose and Principal Way Stations *U:<>Oa
O::tOt> San Jose and Way Stations 3:30p
til: to L- San Jcsonnd Way Stations }7;: tOp
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon. '
| •Sunday exeepteii. J Sunday only. 1 Saturday only.
• and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NOBTRWESTERN RY. CO.
LSSSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:38,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5)
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 ft. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
' 6:2S p. m.
I Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Paris
| tame schedule as above.
Leave | i Arrive
; Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
* April 16, :
Week Sun- I 1599. ' Sun- ! Week
i Days. days. I Destination. days.) Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 13:40 am 6:40 ara
I 8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
I 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kusa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:26 an
Hsaldsburg,
Lytton,
Geysorville,
t:IO pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:10 pal
I 7:30 am j Hopland and 10:25 ara
! 3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pro 6:20 pns
{ 7:30 am 10:25 ana
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
> X:3O pm 6:20 pm
; 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am
and I
J:10 pm, 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
1 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm . I 7:35 pm 6:20 pnj
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska^ga
Pprlrujs; at Clover for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Dun an Springs, Highland Spring^
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
, port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
i Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
■ Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
1 Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,'
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion. Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.'
Weatport. Usal, Wlllltta, Laytonvllle, Cura^
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg,
| H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23. ISO?, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
; Fnssen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exo'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 8:45 pm 8:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 6:15 pm Fresno 9:30 am 3:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:00 am 11:00 am
i 11:59 am 6:25 pm Vtsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
11:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:03. pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market it..
Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1314
HOWARD'S TOOL
HELD TO ANSWER
FOR HIS CRIME
Casey Yet Far From
Liberty.
HIS CONFESSION A SENSATION
POLICE CLOSE ON THE TRAIL OF
HOWARD.
Some of the Incidents That Made
the Double Life of Kelly a
Strange One in This
City.
The confession of John Casey and the
announcement of the arrest of John
Kelly, dangerous members of the How
ard concpiracy, created yesterday a
local sensation. Casey's admission that
he accepted $5000 from Howard as part
compensation to murder "vVillard P.
a showed to what desperate
lengths the gang was ready to go in
crime. Howard and his fellow thieves
would etop at nothing, and the author
ities are being congratulated that they
have destroyed a nest of thieves and
murderous minded men. There is still
a hope that Casey may be landed be
hind prison bars and that he may be
prevented from inflicting injury upon
other communities. While he is the
least clever of the band of thieves he
possesses sufficient ability to make him
dangerous.
lie was held yesterday to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Mo
g.in en the charge of grand larceny by
trick and device In $2000 bonds. His
attorney, George D. Collins, took an
i xreptlon on the ground that the
Judge's decision was based on mere
ecture and asked that It be record
ed, which ■was done.
The Judge, after reviewing the cvi
, said It was necessary to con
sider from the circumstances if Casey
had the felonious intent to steal by ;
trick and device, and everything point- i
• 1 to that conclusion. He had ordered i
the clothes under an assumed name
and had sent a messenger for them j
under th>- false pretext that h«> was
sick. He had Btated that he had never
order.-, i any clothes from any tailor in I
this city, whereas it had been shown j
that h-- had done so from Bloch, and
the label on a coat previously ordered
from Bloch and paid for was on it, but j
the labels on the suit In question had
tori . .- lied w hen he told
tives Gibson and Kills that he had
bought any clothes in this city,
uap satisfied that h>
had shown felonious Intent to obtain !
esorting to trh-k and de
vice.
The appeals for :i writ of habeas cor
pus taken by Casey before Superior
c Murasky will be determined to
day. In 'ne of the appeals the thief
M'ls that tlif court has no juris- '
n. This contention is purely a
and is frequently made
ire as a matter of
• ■ ■ lief. Th"
second appeal insists that the case In
a criminal one and
should be decided therel ire by a < ivll
r Judge Murasky will
points to
day.
Unless there be a mosi unexpected
• of justice James Kelly will re
main in a Mexican prison for some
Th.' (;. - • him is cl< ar
and Chief of I*■>li< •• Lees will send to
the Mexican polio* officials a history of
• • Important facts of the
criminal's life. While in this city
Kelly led a remarkable double life.
After his arrival in the city he made
• effort i • locate himself, wife and
child in a respectable neighborhood re
• d from the centers of traffic. He
:- .i man of good address, plausible!
anil well spoki
!!•• easily makes an impression and it
was not difficult for him to secure the :
habitation he Bought. He rented apart
ments from Daniel Stivers at lUi4 De
visadero street and later at 1115 Pierce !
The Stivers family is most re- j
putable and was therefore the tii<>r>
easily imposed upon by Kelly's plausi- |
hility. Moreover Kelly was a model of
((OOKS
TMRELEL ;
MINUTES
With
. * Every Pound
Good Coffee
Big Presents Free
At
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
propriety In his home and the Stivers
had absolutely no reason to complain
of his demeanor. His business was
transacted elsewhere.
In the downtown district, however,
Kelly was a different character. After
some stroke of fortune, as the theft of
the sack of coin in front of the t/T
--press office, he spent his money reck- j
lessly and with the liberality born of I
drunkenness. He was a welcome guest
at evil resorts and the saloon men
looked upon him as a benefactor. Then
his extravagance would pause until an
other raid and so he continued to the
end.
It is with Howard that Chief of Po
lice Lees has yet to deal. Casey's and
Kelly's power for harm has been de
stroyed. Howard is still at liberty,
amply provided with money and able
to adapt himself to any circumstances.
The police claim that while they have
not caught up with him they have not
been very far behind him and they
have every reason to believe that they
will soon capture him. The confession
of Casey of the diabolic plot to murder
Green, in connection with other evi
dence In the possesion of the authori
ties, will make the outcome very dis
agreeable to Howard if ever he is
caught. When the capture is made the
police will reveal their discoveries.
ALL SHOTS FIRED
AT TURNER'S BACK
TESTIMONY OF THE AUTOPSY
PHYSICIAN.
The Evidence All In and an Argu
ment on Motion to Dismiss to
Be Made This Morning.
The preliminary examination of Joseph
P.' Frenna on the charge of murdering
James P. Turner was continued before
Judge Graham yesterday, and this morn
ing after hearing the arguments of coun
sel the Judpe will render his decision.
The first witness called yesterday was
Policeman "William M. Ross, who testified
to arresting the defendant In room 27 oi
the Crocker building. Defendant gave him
the revolver used in the shooting and
Bald that he did it to protect himself.
Dr. John I>. Zabala, autoDsy physician,
;bed the nature of Turner's wounds.
There was one on the hand, one on the
shoulder and two on tfie back, one of the
latter piercing the heart and being almost
instantly fatal. AH the shots were lired
from the rear except the one on the hand,
and it might have been siioi from the
or rear.
Policeman George Tracey testified that
when Turner's clothing was searched no
weapon was found, and Deputy Coroner
Flanagan on bein« recalled gave similar
testimony.
Tiiis concluded the testimony for the
i utlon, and Attorney Collins, the spe
cial prosecutor, took the stand and testi
fied that Turner had I him in a
criminal case before the Superior Court.
and had called on him that morning in
reference to the i
Charles E. Gregory, real esi I
room 27, testified for the defense that he
had business transactions with the de
nt, who was in the habit of coming
to his office in the morning. He had told
the defendant t" brinj r as to the
en County property which was intro
duced as evidence Tuesday.
Attorney Hosmer then offered in eyi
an abstract record of a quitclaim
' : "in Frenna and his wife to Turner
nd in Lassen County, dated October,
lv.~, and recorded March, 1899; also an ab
stract of .'. conveyance from Turner and
wife to .lames F. Fitzgerald of the same
land, dated February, 1899. He then
made a motion to dismiss on the ground
that nn felonious intent had been shown,
and it was to argue the matter
this morning.
KENVILLES SECOND TRIAL.
Charged With Having Assaulted
Willie Lynch With a Police
man's Club.
H. C. Hoper. J. H. Hogan, R. W\ O'Con
nor. < '. G. Larcen, Louis Caro, John Man
nix, George Asmussen, Harry Oohn, J.
B. Williams, s. B. Peterson, .1. T. Usher
iiri'l Charles Goldstone were .-elected yes
terday to serve on ih<- jury for the sec
ond trial of Police Officer Frank L. Ken
ville, charged with assault t" murder.
Kenville Is accused of having thrown his
at Willie Lynch, a 10-year-old boy,
on th>- • vening of September £3 of last
year, during the progress of a prize-fight
In Woodward's Pavilion. The lad was
picked up in a;; unconscious condition,
and 11 was found that his skull was frac
!•.■!■ weeks he lingered between
nd death, and even now is far from
complete re< overy.
Several bystanders claimed that Ken
vine thr<w th.- missile that so nearly
caused the boy's death, while on the
hand i; is asserted that he was
struck by a stone, many of which were
thrown during the few minutes preced
ing the youth's Injury. It is also claimed
that the youngster fell on 'he curb and
fractured hjs skuli, and it is now for the
jury to determine which "f the theories
Is correct.
John J. Sparmw. who claims to have
seen Kenville throw the club; J. F. Gal
lagher, A. A. I'. -rrin. 1 >r. R. K. Hartley.
George Kays, William i'.'illier, Edward
Kenney, Elizabeth Lynch, F. F. Hattery,
John Bowers and Michael Kiley were ex
amine.! during the afternoon, after which
an adjournment was taken until this
morning.
COLIN M. SMITH'S WILL.
The Testator Distributes His Estate
Among Friends and Relatives.
The will of Colin M. Smith, who died
on the 4th inst.. leaving an estate valued
at (26,000, was filed for probate yesterday.
Following are the bequeits: Tn Mrs.
Clara M. Sawyer, $300; to B. H. Sheldon.
$300; to Colin M. Smith, a nephew. JKmjo;
to Mrs. If amid Sewell some personal be
longings; to Miss Sallie Maynard. $4000:
Ed H. Sheldon, some personal effects, and
to \V. S. Smith, a brother, $2000. The
residue is divided in equal shares to W.
S. Smith and Mrs. Lena Edwards, dece
dent's sister.
Failed to See the Naval Parade.
'lie (mhp of Thomas ('rowlev. a water
front boatman, charged with petty lar
ceny in having accepted $10 from Grand
Marshal Pistoles! and Chief Aid Morten
stern to put them aboard the steamer T.
C. Walker on the day of the naval parade
and having failed to carry out his part
of the contract, was called yesterday
morning before Police Judge Conlan.
Pistoles! and Morgenstern explained how
they had been towed into the stream and
allowed to drift back to the wharf. Crow
ley placed the blame for the whole af
fair to a defective gasoline engine that
refused to work at the critical moment,
and argued that it should have been ar
rested instead of him. The case was con
tinued until this morning.
. » .
No "katzenjammer" after the Old
Government Whisky. It does not cor
rode your stomach, shatter your nerves
and weaken the brain like ordinary
liquors.
■ ♦ »
Smuggled Goods Seized.
While the soiled linen of the officers of
the Government transport Grant was
being delivered to the laundryman at the
dock yesterday the bundles were exam
ined by the customs inspectors for duti
able Roods. The search was rewarded by
the discovery of a valuable silk kimono
done up with the soiled socks of Captain
Buford. The swell garment was seized
as smuggled Roods and will be sold for
the benefit of the Government.
. m ■
The Eureka Society.
A meeting of the Eureka Society for the
protection of Children was held yester
day, and two new members were elected
The report of the matron of the home
Fhowed that there are forty children in
that institution*, all in good health. For
the present there are plenty of beds and
bedding and a good stock of supplies in
the cupboard.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Phyilclans recommend th» Crystal warm tea.
w»ier tub a&d awimmliix baths. I^ortb Ueacii. *
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1899.
MANAGER FROHMAN ENGAGES
VERSATILE EDWIN STEVENS
0 INFORMATION has just reached
\ I this city that Edwin Stevens, the
I! popular comedian and character
A actor, has b^en enprapod by Charles
X Frohman to play the leading role in
0 "His Excellency. the Governor."
,A which has scored a tremendous run in
V New York.
A Mr. Stevens left for the East with
\ the Henry Miller Company at the
Q close of its season at the Columbia,
\ and almost immediately upon his ar
(/ rival in the metropolis Manager Froh
/) man. who had knowledge of the actor's
ability, offered him an engagement,
,■•) which was accepted.
x The. play in which Mr. Stevens is
(/ to star gives him every opportunity
' to display his versatility. Local play
\ goers, among whom Mr. Stevens en
') joys great popularity, will therefore
d( lighted to ]<-am of his success.
2 It is probable that he will visit this
a city before the expiration of the sea-
V son, and his friends will have an V
A opportunity of judging him in his new part. /
\ Mr. Stevens is looked upon as being the most versatile actor on the stage v
Q to-day. ' During; his long stay in the Tivoli he entertained its patrons with his /
k clover and droll acting. He is the possessor of a good voice, is a ventrilo- \
'/ quist and hypnotist, a past master in legerdemain and has innumerable Q
A other talents, a few of which were displayed at the benefit entertainment /
I- given at the Orpheum a month ago to swell the fund for the reception of V
Q the California Volunteers. He scored a great hit in "Brother Officers," /
\\ which was produced by the Henry Miller Company shortly before Closing its \
}y engagement. That he will add further laurels to himself in his new part Q
A is confidently expected by his many friends. /
V (/
JOHN BARRETT
IS COMING TO
LECTURE HERE
Views of the Late Min
ister to Siam.
TO TALK OF THE ORIENT
HE WILL ADDRESS ALL OF THE
COMMERCIAL BODIES.
The Future of the Pacific Coast
States and the Orient Will Be
the Subject of His
Discourses.
Hon. John Barrett, late Minister to
Si;t:n. will arrive In this city on or about
the 19th Inst., atxl the commerlcal bodies
hero are making arrangements t<> give
him a reception In keeping with hin posi
tion and intelligence. While here the
gentleman will deliver one 'or perhaps
HON. JOHN BARRETT, EX-MINISTER TO SIAM.
more addresses upon American and par
ticularly Pacific Interests in the Far Kast.
Mr. Harrett is a native of Vermont, antl
while at Dartmouth College, he wrote a
number of articles which were published
In tho magazines and newspapers of
the United States. One of his choice sub
jects was "The New South."
Soon after graduating ho came to this
city and lived here and in Oakland a
while in IKM. In 1894 he was appointed
by President Cleveland as Minister to
Slam, being then the youngest Minister
of the country. While abroad the new
Minister made a number of visits to
China, Korea, Indio-China, the Straits
(Settlements, Java and the Philippines.
During that time he has made a special
Ftudy of trade and commercial condi
tions and possibilities of the countries of
the Far East. When it was known that he
was to return to the United States, the
local Chamber of Commerce made an
effort to have him come home by the way
of San Francisco, but the pressure of
Eastern, and, In fact, European, commer
cial bodies to have him address 'them
caused him to visit the Continent and his
native State before coming here. Last
June the Chamber of Commerce sent to
Mr. Barrett an invitation to visit this city
to address the commercial bodies and
the public upon his observations relating
to commercial affairs in the Orient. After
some correspondence he wrote Secretary
Scott from New York under the date of
August 27 in the following vein:
I beg to inform you, in accordance witl\ the
kind suggestions of your previous letters, that
I shall arrive in San Francisco on or about
the 19th of September, but not later, and shall
remain there for the next seven days. What
ever date in that time you may decide upon
for me to comply with your invitation to speak
■will be satisfactory to me. May I suggest that
you ask other commercial bodies, like the Mer
chants' Association and Wholesalers' Associa
tion, to Join with you on this occasion? It is
my purpose In my address at San Francisco to
treat of this question of our commercial oppor
tunities In the Pacific and Far East in the
most exact manner that I have yet taken It
up, and should I>e mucn honored to have as
large and Influential a hearing as possible —
like those kindly accorded me In the East.
You probably know that I am particularly In
terested in San Francisco's taking advantage
of the great opportunity before her, and 1
shall make special reference from that stand
point. • « .
The officers of the chamber will at once
send to Portland. Or., where Mr. Barrett
will be between the Sth and 17th, to learn
what dates can be announced for his ad
dresses here, as they will certainly have
as large an audience to listen to the gen-
I tleman as possible. Every commercial
and industrial body and the general pub
lic will be requested to be in attendance
I to give the ex-Minister a fitting re
i ception. His addresses in the East
and London attracted widespread atten
j tion. Mr. Barrett's views upon the mi
i fluences to advance between this coast
■ and the Oriental countries are summed
up in the following language:
First — The Nicaragua canal should be built
without further delay. Second — A cable should
be laid across the Pacific, touching at Hawaii
and the Philippines, as well as having branches
In China, Japan and Australia. Third—
larger and faster steamers should be, placed on
the Pacific, ami reasonable subsidies for carry-
Ing the mails should be given to the lines
making the best time and providing the best
ships. Fourth— American banks. . or connec
tions, of great American banks, should be Im
mediately established in such representative
places as Yokohama. Shanghai. Hongkong and
Manila. Fifth— At some central point, like
Shanghai, a permanent first-class exhibit of
American products; should be maintained.
Sixth— Business firms in America wishing to do
business In the Far East should srnd thor
oughly competent and capable men to represent
them In the Orient, and nut trust to second
rate men and catalogues. Seventh— Our diplo
matic and consular service, as far as possible,
should be placed under the" civil service, and
comir.ereinl attaches should be appointed to our
leading legations or consulates. Eighth —
Branch a of the American Asiatic Association,
which Is doing such good work here and In
Shanghai, should bo organized In all other
Asiatic cities. Ninth— And: finally, our manu
facturers and exporters should find out just
what the Orient wants, and make it. and not
expect the Orient to take what we make but
what they do not want.
All of these points and suggestions and
many others will be enlarged upon by the
brilliant speaker and diplomat from the
Far East when he .sneaks here.
"Wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes. Mayerle's glasses are used by high
est U. S. army, navy and Government offi
cials. George Mayerle, German expert op
tician, 1071% Market street. .Examination
free.' Evenings until 9. *
SOLDIERS AT THE CHUTES.
Management Entertains the Idaho,
Wyoming and North Dakota
Boys.
The volunteer soldiers from Idaho, Wy
oming and North Dakota were enter
tained Monday night at the Chutes. Six
teen hundred tickets wore sent to the sol
dier boys by the mamtK'-ment through
the executive committee, and judging .
from the crowded condition of the large j
theater, the capacity of which was well
taxed, every ticket found a willing taker.
The performers put extra vim into their
acts and the atiimatOßCope pictures show-
Ing the departure of the Morgan City and
scenes on the firing line, where Uncle i
Sam's boys put the enemy to flight, •
brought forth great cheering.
The entire concessions were open and j
free to all soldiers and were well pat- I
ronized by the guests.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 3:u lost st.
Train Service to Santa Cruz.
Tickets for the Native Sons' celebration
at Santa Cruz will be sold at one-half the
regular fare, or $2 50 for the round trip..
They will be good over either the board
or narrow gauge routes from September
8 to 12. On September 8 a special over
the narrow-gauge route will leave the city
at 8:30 p. m., and the regular '4:ls train
will be run through to. Santa Cruz. Be
sides the regular trains running on the
9th, there will be a special over the nar
rowgauge at 6:45 a. m. for the accommo
dation of those who wish to leave, the city
early on the morning of Admission day.
As it is expected that the California vol
unteers who have just reteurned from
Manila will go to Santa Cruz to partici
pate in the festivities, a special rate will
be made for them of $1 50 for the round
trip. • This rate, however, will only be ex
tended to those who go in uniform.
WAGES MUST BE
PAID ONCE IN
EVERY MONTH
Agreements to the
Contrary Illegal.
THE LAW CONSTITUTIONAL
OPINION BY JUDGE MORROW
SUPPORTING LABOR.
Judgment Given Against the Garneti
Gold Mining Company for the
"Wages of Its Employes
With Costs.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday morning handed down an opin
ion that will be read with interest and
received with joy by every wageworker
in this State. The opinion affirms the
constitutionality of the State statute re
quiring corporations to pay their crn
; ployes as often as once every month at
least.
The opinion is in the case of Henry
' Skinner vs. Garnett Gold Mining Com
pany, a West Virginia corporation en
gaged In mining in Sierra County. The
action was brought to recover $3981 50
With legal interest from December 14, 1897,
costs of suit and an attorney's fee of
$500, and that the whole be adjudged a
first lien upon the property of the de
fendants, said principal amount being due
to the plaintiff and his assignors as
i miners' wages.
The defendant alleges that Skinner and
his assignors were employed under an
agreement to take their pay from the
r proceeds of the defendant's mine, which
: was being worked by them; that they
wouW not expect that their wages would
be paid monthly or regularly at all, and
that they would not expect any pay for
! their work until February. 1898. The de
; fendant also contends that the statute
requiring monthly payments, etc.. is un
! constitutional (statutes of California,
page 231). The defendant contends also
that since the provisions of sections 2
and 6 are not specifically referred to in
its title these two sections are unconsti
: tutional.
i Judge Morrow's opinion holds that their
unconstltutionallty, If established, would
not invalidate the entire act, but merely
! the sections involved. Article IV, section
24. «pi the Constitution of California also
provides: "But if any subject shall be
i embraced In an act which shall not be
expressed in its title, such act shall be
void only as to bo much thereof as shall
not be expressed in the title." The Su
, preme Court said: "In Abeel vs. Clark,
84th California, 229, we held that it was
not necessary thai the title of the act
should embrace an abstract of its con
tents. • * * The object was to prevent
deception by the inclusion of matters In
congruous with the subject specified in
the title."
Defendant contends further that the
statute discriminates unreasonably
against corporations, and destroys the
liberty and property of private contracts
in several of its provisions. This con
tention cannot be sustained, says Judge
Morrow, and there Is no discrimination
Involving the breach of any of the con-
Btitutional enactments Invoked by the
defendant The provisions that corpora
tions shall have a regular monthly pay
day and thai the employes of a corpora
tion shall In the event of a violation of
tin provisions of section l by the corpor
i ation be entitled to a lien on the n r °P
erty of the corporation, taking precedence
of all other liene except recorded nmrt
gagi - and deeds of trust, to a reasonable
attorney's fee If he is obliged to bring
an action at law to recover his wages,
and to an attachment against the prop
erty of the corporation, and that an un
recorded deed shall not be a defense to
such an action arc noi such as unjustly
discriminate against the defendant. * *
• The promise to pay wages after an in
terval of six months cannot be called gond
consideration for the alleged agre< ment.
Judgment is given for the sum claimed
and for an attorney's fee of $300.
NATIVES AND CITIZENS'
COMMITTEE AT PEACE
BILLS FOR THE NIGHT PARADE
ARE APPROVED.
Employment Bureau Working Earn-
estly to Secure Situations for
the California Volunteers.
The citizens' executive committee and
the Native Scins have reached an under
standing an tn tlie bills incurred by the
latter in connection with the night pa
rade. Marshal Pistolesl appeared before
the committee yesterday morning and ex
plained the disputed claims to the satis
faction of every member cind all pros
pects of trouble were swept away by a
motion duly made, seconded and unani
mously carried to allow the amounts.
Many bills are yet to be passed upon
by the committee and until all claims are
adjusted, no financial statement will be
given to the public.
A band concert will be given this after
noon at Union square under the auspices
of the citizens' committee. The object la
to attract the soldiers and sailors to the
placo and acquaint them with the fact
that the tent has been provided for their
us* 1 and benefit.
Thf committee also decided to give a
theater party next Monday night to the
oflicers of the Wyoming, Idaho, North
Dakota and ( Colorado regiments.
The volunteer employment committee
held a meeting yesterday afternoon in
the tent at Union square. It was an
nounced that the committee was making
much progress. Communications from out
of town, as well as local business houses,
signify the intention of managers to give
the preference to soldiers In matters of
employment.
The following circular letter is being
sent to firms who formerly had In their
employ men who joined the California
regiment:
On looking- over the muster roll of the First
Regiment, CaJifornia Volunteers, we see the
narre of who. according to the di
re'tory of ISSS, was In your employ previous to
Koing to Manila. Will you please let us know
by return mall If Mr will be rein
stated In his old or some equally good position
as soon as his service in the army Is at an end?
These boys will be mustered out on the 21st
of this month, and It Is the earnest desire of
this committee to see that places are found for
all at the earliest date possible. Your assist
ance In placing your old employes, and as
many others as you possibly can, in permanent
profitable positions will be ffreatly appreciated,
not only by this committee but by every sol
dier's friend In the State of California.
The committee decided to forward a
letter to each of the Pacific Coast mer
chants who are now visiting in San
Francisco requesting them to do what
they can in securing employment for the
volunteers. About 2000 business men from
interior towns will receive these commu
nications and the committee expects to
.■lecompllsh some good through their
efforts.
The twenty-five scholarships for Healds'
Business College, which have been offered
to disabled volunteers, was the subject
of a lengthy discussion. It was finally
decided to -request the attendance of
Colonel Duboce at the next meeting of
the committee and secure his advice as
to their disposition. Colonel Duboce was
also voted a member of the committee.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
Died Through Her Folly.
Mrs. Sadie Grace, a married woman,
whose residence was 179 Seventh street,
Hales.
I Parisian millinery display monday
and balance* of the* week
the boys who played
*\\ IVf 5in 1 1 *l anc * cheered the brave soldier fads with in-
ul irluillld spiriting airs enthused and entertained the
crowds at Hale's yesterday. Their first concert was an im-
mense success.
Thursday store news
of good goods:
sofa cushions ready to wear
about 350 cushion tops remain of new fa]l j acke ts, with new coat
our summer stock; that 350 more s i eeV es, in brown, black and blue,
than we want when the new fall nnely braided; ik-lined through-
stock gets in, and so these prices: out; all sizes #14)
25 cushion tops and backs, made ladies' separate skirts, with habit
in many shades of art ticking, tarn- backs and yoke, stitched and corded
bour and rococco embroidery; 4' 2 - top full fi are at bottom: a finely
inch ruffle; also tinted Bedford cord tailored garment at...522.50 each
in fancy designs <5c ladies' tailor suits in gray, brown,
22 cushion tops, tinted all-over de- blue and black, the fall shapes and
sign on linen, back and t0p. ...60c fabrics.. ..slo $15, $120 and $25
15 cushion tops of fancy figured
art ticking, 3-inch ruffle; also white
art ticking stamped in conventional men's Wear
designs, red back; top and back... , .
<JOe men's half hose. In good weight
90 cushion tops patriotic designs, natural merino; full seamless: all
including "Stand by the Flag" and sizes; 9% to 11; a 3-for-50c value..
"Now and Forever," so much : ' -« l-~c pair
' sought; on canvas and Bedford flannelette night shirts for men;
cord 35c of good quality; fifty inches long
122 cushion tops, art ticking,: and worth 50 cents; the price is.39c
stamped; also appliqued with cro-
chet designs; also tinted canvas bedspreads
tops; card and cat designs.. . .i£scj *^
• 69 patriotic cushion tops, stamped j 10 cases crocheted bedspreads:
and tinted; some with backs, some 72x55 inches; a good heavy spread
with tops only 15c for hotels and lodging-houses.
60 tambour bureau scarfs; open 75c each
work all around; 18x54 inches.. 3Bc j
needful notions cotton batting
whUe cotton finishing braid, in a ! 6 bales cotton batting, large size;
variety of patterns, 6 yards to a nice white cotton; one- pound
piece 5c apiece 1 weight; our 15c quality Uc
a very good quality of whalebone,
- dozen in a bunch, good value at 10c, i flannelettes
but the price is 5c a bunch j
Swanbill hooks and eyes, black j the heavy, fleecy kind, in stripes
and white, sizes 2 and 3, two dozen and checks; light colors, pink, blue
on a card lc a card! and cream grounds.. .B 1-Jc yard
store t^JEdIF V # Monday:
Saturday; 'WM^^^^^^^ Millinery,
millinery -ti^Y""" *--*»*»*»* Saturday:
Showing: 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 store
Monday. Market Street. closed.
died yesterday morning of peritonitis, the
result of a criminal operation performed
by herself. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
CHINESE ACTORS ARRIVE.
Two Hundred and Fifty Mongols to
Be Landed for the Philadel
phia Exposition.
Two hundred and fifty of the eontin-
R-pnt of 450 Chinese actors, exhibitors,
acrobats and villrtpr builders have arrived
,-it this port and will be landed by Port
Collector Jackson pursuant to the pro
visions of the resolution i>nssfHl at the
last p»ssion of Congress to admit them
for the purposes of the Philadelphia ex
position The certificates have arrived
from Washington and the Collector will
til! them as soon as the Chinese shall have
furnished their photographs to be pasted
upon the certificates. The owners of the
concession will furnish bonds to the Secre
tary of the Treasury puarant^eingr that
the <'liin.se will return to China within
three months after the close of the expo
sition.
The "safeguards" art* simi'mr to those
observed in the case of the Chinese who
came hither to attend the Omaha Expo
sition last year. In that ease the bond was
kMven by the Mcc l*ee Company and the
company failed, so that the bond rould
not lie collected. The Chinese scattered
themselves all over the country and
nearly all remained in this country, a
hirtre* number— about 2iX> women— being
slaves destined for a life of vice in San
Francisco and other seaport cities. It is
expected that the Philadelphia Exposi
tion will be a repetition of the Omaha
affair s<> far as tho Chinese contingent is
concerned.
Patriotic Reception.
A patriotic reception is bein^r arranger!
by Golden West LiOdße of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows for returning- Odd
Fellow soldiers. It will be held this even
ing in Remembrance Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building, and after music and re
freshments reminiscences of the war will
be in order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6823
SOLD IN CALIFORNIA
THIS SEASON.
X* BICYCLES
$40.
THOS. H. B. YARNEY,
Market and 10th Sts.,S.F.
Open Wed. and Sat.
Evenings.
MR. LEO BABAYAN,
OF TEHERAN, PERSIA,
Has Brought a Superb Collection of
Persian
TURKISH
FINE ANTIQUE
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
He Has Consigned to Me the Entire Stock to
Sell Out at
AUCTION!
Without Limit or Reserve, at
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.'a.
SALE COMMENCES
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, September 7,
At 2:30 p. m. Dally.
Goods Now on View. CatoJojues.
DEALERS ARE INVITED.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Hales.
3-Day Specials !
The difference between good
and better, or even best, is all
in favor of the Rathjen stores,
if the growing list of custom-
ers count for anything. \
LAUNDRY SOAP, Ideal, 8 cakes, 25c
Flrat-class quality.
REGULAR PRICE, 6 FOR 25c.
IMPORTED MACARONI, pk£. 12'^c
Spaghetti, Vermicelli and fancy paste.
REGULAR PRICE. 15c.
ROYAN ALA VATEL, tin Isc
Sardines packed In olive oil, with truffle
and pickle.
REGULAR PRICE. 20c.
CLARE I, gallon 40c
- A pood choice old table wine.
REGULARLY 75c.
PICKLING VINEGAR, bot. 15c, gal 50c
Heinz's pure white wine vinegar.
REGULAR PRICE, 20c AND 75c.
BUTTiR, square 45c
CHOICE CREAMERY.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St., near Market. T»l«jhoM W«it 152.
Til«phone Main 5522.
Dressing Tables
We are now ,^^sfev i
— showing a _*jdB^~^^§^ I
M large ship- wZ? "
mentofthis %ft( latf
fl class of fur- M' W[
H niture just UV. «vi
receved, ■ L } aii
and ask your L i' (S i)
| judgment if Vslsg^jjgjfeEr
it h e prices r*v\*..>--t> ">-'- i-ggs»4^
are not the *j> B|fiil^S^JßCsW§jr,
San Fran- |f n«»L  H
Cisco. I Cash or S
They ar e «l . .„. T . IS
of quartered m uttie-at-a- lime IF
carved and 1 | yj|
with plate i^ff
mirrors.
THE J. NOONAN
I FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), [j
| /O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtb.
I Phono South 11. Open Erenings.
EYE-GLASSES
WITH THE NEW CLIP.
Photo Goods— Kodaks.
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS.
Oculists" prescription? filled. Quick repairing
factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
u4z Market ot. instruments
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1* a lircui RwtOmttTt, luvigorator and Ner-
vtni-.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Soxual Orpans of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy foo Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. S.-lla oil its own Merits.
NAUEIt, AliFB & BRTINB, Apenta.
.»».1 Market street. S. F. — (Send for Circular.)
GOLDEN WEStToTTLING WORKS,
ttlei-8 of
ANBKUBXR-BUBCH ItF.F.RS.
Goods delivered to any part ol tbm city.
Phone. Jtsalo KO.